Bowden: Winston an off-field 'embarrassment': ...Read more ... 
How to Dramatically Slash the Cost of College Education:    The exorbitant cost of higher education is a recur... 
LSU Faces Dramatic Budget Cuts While It Builds An Expensive Lounging Pool: Louisiana State University is curre... 
Gundy: Assistant took lateral move to Texas: ...Read more ... 
What Commencement Speeches Aren't Saying: A few weeks ago I was asked to be on a panel at Fairfield University... 
ITT Educational Services Charged With Student Loan Cover-Up: ITT Educational Services is facing charges that i... 
Straight Bodybuilders Speak Out Against LGBT Bullying in Powerful Video:  In mid-November, Jason Collins, the ... 
12 Reasons To Date A Woman Who Reads: Filmmaker John Waters  once said  , "If you go home with somebody, and t... 
Timeline: Steps to Enroll in an Online Bachelor's Program: Devon Haynie is an education reporter at U.S. News,... 
Highlight Diversity in Medical School Applications: ​The population of the U.S. is growing more, not less, div... 
Jimmy Fallon Does Whatever Kids' Letters Tell Him To Do: "Eat vegemite."...Read more ... 
How Earning College Credit in High School Can Slash Undergrad Costs: When Michaela Kron entered New York Unive... 
Michigan flags minor violations under Harbaugh: ...Read more ... 
Why Schools Moved Higher or Lower in the Best High Schools Rankings:    ​One question   frequently asked  abou... 
24 Of The Best Online Shopping Sources For Plus-Size Clothing: Navigating the  online shopping world  is tough... 
3 People Shot Near UC Santa Barbara Campus: Spencer Weiner via Getty Images...Read more ... 
We Made A Commencement Bingo Card To Track All The Clichés You'll Hear: "As we go forth" into graduation seaso... 
Map: Top-Performing States in the Best High Schools Rankings: U.S. News has just launched its...Read more ... 
See the 2015 Best High Schools: Top 10 Public High Schools...Read more ... 
22 Underrated Perks Of Being Single: L et's face it: "single" is often considered the worst of relationship st... 
Illini AD to review player allegations vs. Beckman: ...Read more ... 
Sources: FSU, Bama on Golson's transfer list: ...Read more ... 
Illinois St. suspends Coprich; faces pot charge: ...Read more ... 
Houston to bid on 2018-20 CFP title games: ...Read more ... 
Kanye West Receives Honorary Doctorate From School Of The Art Institute Of Chicago: Kanye West might be a coll... 
Amy Schumer's Beer Commercial Reveals The Truth Behind ALL Beer Commercials: At long last guys, there's a beer... 
Guy Pretends To Work At Whole Foods, And It's Very Whole Foods-y: "Harvested by 100 percent grass-fed Malaysia... 
22 Fraternity Brothers Convicted Of Misdemeanors In Hazing Death: In what authorities called the largest hazin... 
Pac-12 addresses credibility problem with new VP of officiating: ...Read more ... 
Why Aren't We Celebrating 'Mom Bod,' Too?: "Most women who ate this year epitomize the mombod."...Read more ... 
10 Things Childfree Women Want Their Friends To Know: I'll admit it. Now that I have kids and am knee-deep in ... 
Important Questions to Ask Law School Staff, Alumni: ​For prospective  law school  students, this is a great t... 
Starbucks' Mini Frappuccino Is Here Today, For A Limited Time Only: Welcome to the...Read more ... 
Plug Into Technology to Find the Best College Match: Factor Data In Your College Search...Read more ... 
A Reason to Be Optimistic: The New Generation of Sustainability Professionals: We are approaching the commence... 
Should You Be Ashamed Of Your Mental Illness? This Chart Will Tell You: Here's a sad reality: Approximately  3... 
Excitement Surrounds Growth of Sand Volleyball: A generation of girls grew up watching the sport in the Olympi... 
Ex-Illini OL Cvijanovic accuses coach of 'abuse': ...Read more ... 
The Era of Predatory For-Profit Colleges Might Be Over:  Even if predatory for-profit college companies can ha... 
Ebola Doctor Kent Brantly Tells Grads Why He Didn't Feel Like A Failure When He Lost Patients: Dr. Kent Brantl... 
8 Things You Didn't Know About 'Avengers':  NEW YORK, NY - APRIL 28:  Actress Cobie Smulders attends the 'Marv... 
Michelle Obama: I Faced Certain Questions Because Of 'Fears And Misperceptions' Around My Race: Michelle Obama... 
This Possible 'Harry Potter' Couple Would Ruin Harry Potter's Childhood Even More:  Since appearing as the mov... 
Watch U2's Full Surprise Subway Performance: U2 made it a "beautiful day" for some commuters in NYC earlier th... 
President Obama: Community Colleges Can Change Lives: ASSOCIATED PRESS...Read more ... 
Texas Students Attack Statue Of Jefferson Davis, President Of The Confederacy: DALLAS (AP) -- Pity Jefferson D... 
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week: The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their ... 
Michelle Obama To Speak At Tuskegee University: ASSOCIATED PRESS...Read more ... 
QB Winston files counterclaim against accuser: ...Read more ... 
Private Scholarships -- A Billion-Dollar Rip-Off: This article only applies to those students who will qualify... 
The Radio Shack Phenomenon and the Future of Private Independent Higher Education: For those of a certain age,... 
Sexual Assault Victims Complain About Loopholes In Their Attackers' Suspensions: Loophole No. 1: The Universit... 
Is The Hawaii Telescope Cultural Sacrilege Or A Boon To STEM Education?: HONOLULU (AP) -- Before going up to M... 
What Your Mom Is Really Saying When She Comes To Visit: A mom translator just in time for that day of the year... 
Baruch College Bans Rushing And Pledging After Student Death And Lawsuit: All Greek rush and pledge activities... 
Dual-Enrollment Advocates Work for Federal and State Policy Change: 46347...Read more ... 
Why You Can Never Say Thank You Enough to Your Mom: As Mother's Day is approaching, we remind ourselves of the... 
Pakistani Activist Tours U.S. To Fight Religious Extremism Back Home: Back home in Pakistan, he's been  arrest... 
Obama Administration Denies Debt Relief For Aggrieved Student Loan Borrowers; Ed Department Apologizes: Federa... 
Cheryl Williams, The Mentor Who Goes Above And Beyond: From the outside, one might think that Cheryl Williams ... 
22 Terrifying and Magical Capabilities Someone Has When You Fall For Them: Love is terrifying, and terror is l... 
Google Just Made It Even Easier To Order Food Online: You might remember a time when ordering food via phone m... 
Supporters pledge $6M to reinstate UAB football: ...Read more ... 
Washington WR/DB Ross (leg) to miss season: ...Read more ... 
Ga. governor signs 'Todd Gurley bill' into law: ...Read more ... 
Complaint Claims University Where Student Was Killed Failed To Act On Relentless Yik Yak Threats: Editor's not... 
Nintendo Joins Forces With Universal Parks And Resorts To Bring Video Games To Life: Nintendo...Read more ... 
Ex-Wisconsin safety Hudson transfers to USF: ...Read more ... 
Obama presents Commander trophy to Air Force: ...Read more ... 
Cowboys sign free agent La'el Collins to deal: ...Read more ... 
Source: Golson transferring from Notre Dame: ...Read more ... 
34 Things Women Do To Stay Safe Show The Burden Of 'Being Careful':  "B ut it is the men who are attacking the... 
From Community College to the White House Administration: I'm the U.S. Chief Data Scientist -- and I got my st... 
Organizer wants to host bowl game in Australia: ...Read more ... 
Williams: Taking the fan experience to the next level: ...Read more ... 
Why Are An Increasing Number Of College Students Turning To Sex Work?: From New York to Texas, students at som... 
Football Playoff Travel Costs are Significant: The College Football Playoff system with two trips each for the... 
Paternity test negative for ex-LSU OL Collins: ...Read more ... 
Avoiding a Personal Retirement Crisis: The markets may be improving for some, but for many Americans, a retire... 
One True Champion: Big 12 tiebreaker in place: ...Read more ... 
Judge Hands Arizona Dreamers Big Win With Tuition Ruling: Undocumented immigrants living in Arizona while thei... 
Stumbling Into a Pluralistic Society: The state of race, culture and religion in America is a key metric for h... 
These Are The Things Women Carry To Protect Against Attackers:  After a series of assaults in the area, Univer... 
Will Parks, his boxing training and Arizona's offseason grind: ...Read more ... 
Ex-OSU band director says trustees behind firing: ...Read more ... 
Buckeyes' Meyer has appendix taken out: ...Read more ... 
Marshall's Butler charged in beating of gay men: ...Read more ... 
This Is How Ridiculous Gender Inequality Sounds: Sexism seems even more absurd when applied to everyday situat... 
SEC coaches and players with the most to prove: ...Read more ... 
Arizona State's captains revealing about Sun Devils' rise: ...Read more ... 
Watch These Moms Flip Out When Their Kids Prank Call Them With Bad News: What a great gift!...Read more ... 
Late College Applicants Can Still Secure a Spot for Fall 2015: It's not too late to get into a four-year unive... 
Sources: L'ville, Purdue to open 2017 in Indy: ...Read more ... 
Assessing the B1G's backup QB situations: ...Read more ... 
How Students At Women's Colleges Are Working To Expand Our Understanding Of Gender: CLAREMONT, Calif. -- The f... 
BYU in Top 10% of Cost of Attendance: BYU is offering $4,500 as its cost of attendance stipend putting it in t... 
Concern Over Graduate Transfers Misplaced?: May 2015...Read more ... 
Jesse Matthew, Man Suspected In Slaying Of UVA Student Hannah Graham, Charged With Capital Murder:   ASSOCIATE... 
Sources: NCAA adds bowls in Austin, Tucson: ...Read more ... 
The Education Department Has A Huge Backlog Of Sexual Assault Investigations That's Still Growing: Two new rep... 
Bowlsby: Big 12 in no hurry to add title game: ...Read more ... 
How I Turned a Love of Fashion Into a $25 Million a Year Business: When I was in college I was really focused ... 
The cost of Oregon's postseason: ...Read more ... 
15 Images Of Mothers And Daughters Around The World Show That Daughterhood Is Universal:  A Pakistani woman ar... 
Joel Stave's veteran presence suits Wisconsin well: ...Read more ... 
Penn State athletic director defends use of satellite camps: ...Read more ... 
An Open Letter to America's Class of 2015: Those of us in higher education are part of our students' lives and... 
Indiana's Nate Sudfeld wants to make the most out of his last chance: ...Read more ... 
10 Ways Women's Lives Have Changed For The Better Since 2005: When it comes to women's equality, we tend to fo... 
An American to Remember: Father Hesburgh of Notre Dame: In 2007, on the 90th birthday of Father Theodore Hesbu... 
Funny Or Die's Reusable Police Brutality Reaction Videos Are Funny ... And Sadly True: Truth in comedy....Read... 
How Can High Schools Get More Latinos on College Path?: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false ... 
How to Find a Mentor as an Online MBA Student: For online MBA students,  finding a mentor can be a challenge  ... 
NCAA's Latest Argument Against Paying Players Is 'Nonsense,' Economists Say: The NCAA is brandishing a new tac... 
See the Most Diverse National Universities: Schools With Multiple Ethnicities on Campus...Read more ... 
How To Watch The 2015 Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower, Which Peaks On May 6: If you like tequila and shooting stars,... 
Creighton Capitalizes on Transfer Market: Creighton's basketball team has taken advantage of the fact that 4 i... 
Pitt is Hopeful About New AD: Pittsburgh is optimistic that its new athletic director Scott Barnes can use his... 
NYU Student Detained By North Korea Speaks Out: CNN's Will Ripley in an exclusive interview speaks with Won Mo... 
Report: Cal will give AD job to interim Williams: ...Read more ... 
8 Graduation Presents College Students Actually Want: For college students who are graduating, commencement do... 
What These Students Have Learned About Dating After 4 Years Of College: For David Matteson, a sex columnist an... 
In Search of Soul and Soulful Social Science: It's graduation season again and after more than 35 years as a u... 
Career Tips for the Class of 2015: It's graduation season and close to two million millennials will earn a col... 
Police question undrafted Collins about slaying: ...Read more ... 
Draft success shows Strong's eye for talent: ...Read more ... 
Erase 3 Top LSAT Preparation Myths: ​One of the first things I tell my  LSAT test prep  clients is the fact th... 
5 Steps to Mastering AP Free-Response Questions: ​For many students, the most challenging section of an Advanc... 
The Difference Between Living in New York and San Francisco: ...Read more ... 
13th Grade Offers Some Teens an Easier Transition to College:  Some teens   are staying in   high school  for ... 
K-State AD Gets Extension: Kansas State Athletic Director John Currie is getting a raise to $775,000 on an ann... 
Sen. Warren Receives 240,000 Signatures Asking to Cancel All to Student Debt: Last week, Sen. Elizabeth Warren... 
The Revolution Will Not Be... Periscoped?:    ____________ The revolution will not be televised, will not be t... 
South Korea Confirms NYU Student Is Detained In North Korea: SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea confirmed o... 
Mariota gets ovation at Oregon spring game: ...Read more ... 
Auburn dismisses DE Elijah Daniel after arrest: ...Read more ... 
Bryce Petty's draft selection spurs Twitter spat between Texas, Baylor assistants: ...Read more ... 
10 Of Dwayne Johnson's Best Moments, In Honor Of His Birthday: If you could smell what The Rock is cookin', it... 
A New Kurt Cobain Album Is Reportedly On The Way: Smells like new music!...Read more ... 
The One Where Matt LeBlanc Sings Joey's Songs From 'Friends': However you doin', it's about to get a lot bette... 
Ex-Huskers aide Brown leaves YSU for Liberty: ...Read more ... 
Saint Mary's Students Demand Overhaul Of Sexual Assault Policies: Nearly 500 people so far have signed an  onl... 
Making Your Career a Vocation, Not Simply a Job:    A few days ago I was reminded of Hoosiers , a favorite spo... 
Texas Declares May 1 'Mexican-American Studies Day': The Texas Legislature passed a resolution Friday morning ... 
Charges dismissed against Alabama CB Jones: ...Read more ... 
Cardale Jones just terrified every Ohio State fan with this prank: ...Read more ... 
Oregon spring game preview: ...Read more ... 
Clothing Company Invents Genius White T-Shirt That Won't Stain: Wearing white...Read more ... 
15 Feelings That Are Best Conveyed By This Steve Ballmer Vine: 1. When it’s 3 p.m. on a Friday and you realize... 
Great Mobile Money Management Tools for Every College Student--Including YOU!: With all you've got going on--c... 
All Bodies Are Dance-Worthy Bodies, Including Mine: When I read  the story about #DancingMan  it broke heart, ... 
Jimmy Fallon Reveals A Huge Disney Secret While Reading #MyDumbFight Tweets: Maybe dumb fights aren't so bad a... 
New Missouri AD Ready For Changes: The new Athletics Director at Missouri is open to and interested in renewin... 
Ex-Husker Baldwin, paralyzed in shooting, dies: ...Read more ... 
The End of College? (or Maybe Just the End of Kevin Carey's Career): Kevin Carey's book, The End of College: C... 
Obama Administration Considers New 'Roadblocks' For Ex-Corinthian Colleges Students Seeking Debt Relief: The U... 
Survey Shows Uptick in Test-Optional Colleges: There is good news for high school students who don't think the... 
10 White Lies We All Tell, And Just In Time For National Honesty Day: Don't lie....Read more ... 
Stay Off Social Media (Or Risk Divorce), New Survey Says: Want to keep your "in a relationship" or "married" s... 
Luke Falk makes move to win Cougars QB job: ...Read more ... 
The Women's Bathroom Sign You Can't Unsee (And Won't Want To):  A Pakistani woman arranges bricks as she works... 
5 Stories You've Never Heard About 'Friends,' As Told By Monica And Rachel's Super: They may be there for you,... 
'Peter Pan' May Have A Dark Secret You Didn't Know About: One year ago, Disney put "Peter Pan" back in the vau... 
Billy Donovan Is Going To Be The Thunder's Next Coach: Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook have a new coach....... 
By the numbers: ACC's underrated stars: ...Read more ... 
Steve Spurrier eyeing 101st NFL draft pick: ...Read more ... 
Here's How To Get A Free Biscuit Taco From Taco Bell On Cinco De Mayo: Taco Bell...Read more ... 
Why College Signing Day Is Important for the Nation: On May 1st First Lady Michelle Obama will celebrate Colle... 
How a Trip to the Supreme Court Became One of the Best Days of Our Lives: By Aaron Rhodes and Raymond Braun Wh... 
Indiana Student Hannah Wilson's Murder May Be Linked To Coed Lauren Spierer's Disappearance: Authorities in In... 
How Three Young Feminists Are Helping Homeless Women Get Something They Really Need:  Clara Barton (born 1821,... 
Learn to Teach With Scholarships for Educators: ​The legendary college basketball coach John Wooden reportedly... 
New Track and Field Facility at Indiana State: Indiana State opened a new $4 million track and field facility ... 
NCAA Denies Undercover Tweet: April 2015...Read more ... 
13 Things Anyone Who Loves A Highly Sensitive Person Should Know: When I was in kindergarten, a boy in my clas... 
The Worst Way To Start Your Career Search: Every so often I receive a message from a  recent graduate  or unde... 
Commissioner: Big 12 likely to add title game: ...Read more ... 
CFP to keep weekly rankings; final teams Dec. 6: ...Read more ... 
No decision over Navy for New Year's Six bowls: ...Read more ... 
Watch This Man Build The Biggest McDonald's Burger In The History Of McD's: Moshe Tamssot...Read more ... 
Why You Should Pay It Forward: As a semi-broke college student, the word "pay" often invokes a response of "no... 
Jailed former Vandy player declared indigent: ...Read more ... 
Professional Habits to Develop While in College: This blog post was written by Intern Queen  Campus Ambassador... 
Is Mike Gundy right that his Cowboys would have won 2012 title over LSU in a rout?: ...Read more ... 
Will Mississippi State be undone by inexperienced offensive line?: ...Read more ... 
Spring breakout player: Michigan Wolverines: ...Read more ... 
Tennessee, Clemson clash over who is 'WRU': ...Read more ... 
Wisconsin Universities Aren't Waiting For A Budget Before Starting Layoffs: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) ha... 
Big Ten West fight is far from lost: ...Read more ... 
Like Rodgers, Mariota would benefit from apprenticeship: ...Read more ... 
Jonathan Bullard embraces lead Gator role: ...Read more ... 
Nebraska offensive personnel fits Mike Riley plan: ...Read more ... 
4 Things to Think About When Refinancing Student Loans: ​If you want to take out a  student loan  , you need t... 
Georgia is Last SEC Team To Build IPF: Georgia has finally settled on the location of its new indoor practice ... 
U.S. Universities Offer International Students a Taste of Home: Many   U.S. universities  have gone to great l... 
The Powerful Reason Why An Art Student Chose To Sit Blindfolded And Almost Naked On Campus (NSFW): With headph... 
Times New Roman, Dubbed The 'Sweatpants' Of Fonts, Is A Bad Choice For Résumés: Typography Experts: Times New ... 
Education Department Steers Corinthian Colleges Students To Other Troubled For-Profits: The U.S. Department of... 
ND's Swarbrick in no rush to mull any 13th game: ...Read more ... 
Clinton Does Not Inspire -- Should I Care?: Hillary Clinton just doesn't inspire me. I can't get excited.  Who... 
Jake McGee ready for yet another try at Florida: ...Read more ... 
Social Investing Equals More Opportunity: Within the past ten years, social networks have revolutionized not o... 
Nelson Spruce inherited his discipline from his father, a former bodybuilder: ...Read more ... 
Moving Forward: Implementing an Educational Program at U.Va to Prevent Sexual Assault: This Post was co-author... 
NFL Gives Up Non-Profit Status: April 2015...Read more ... 
Take Two: Which SEC team made the most progress this spring?: ...Read more ... 
WR Lucien to transfer from UCLA to Arizona St.: ...Read more ... 
Tragedy Really Does Build Character:    After losing my dad to a hard fought battle with brain cancer, I never... 
Trying times are paying off for West Virginia's Skyler Howard: ...Read more ... 
Nearing 100 percent, Kenyan Drake is a difference-maker at Alabama: ...Read more ... 
Could Miami finish sixth in the Coastal?: ...Read more ... 
WIU's Veloz to give bone marrow for transplant: ...Read more ... 
A New Generation of Change-Makers: Young people are currently living in a world of infinite wonder. With the r... 
UCLA student: 'I guess I'm a glutton for punishment': ...Read more ... 
What Should High Schools Do? 44 Percent of Sexual Assaults Happen BEFORE College: Forty-four percent of  repor... 
UCLA LB Myles Jack destroys aspiring student politician: ...Read more ... 
A Pink Cast Heals More Than Bones: We've all been there.  We have one of those weeks that make you want to sta... 
A Call to College Students: Prevent Gun Violence: College students have the great privilege of living in relat... 
5 Questions You Should Be Asking on College Tours: After three years of leading college campus tours, I like t... 
Can slimmer, motivated Mario Edwards Jr. convince NFL he's first-round material?: ...Read more ... 
Jayhawks' Cummings to undergo knee surgery: ...Read more ... 
A look at rewards given during practice for Pac-12 teams: ...Read more ... 
Five Big Ten defensive coaches who should be future head coaches: ...Read more ... 
Sebastian Tretola more than one-trick-play wonder: ...Read more ... 
New Case Study Unpacks Boston's Success at Stemming High School Dropout Rate: 46114...Read more ... 
John Oliver Takes On The Fast Fashion Industry's Disturbingly Low Prices: Something tells us American Eagle wo... 
3 Gap Year Jobs That Prepare Students for Law School: ​With this year’s application cycle for the most part be... 
College Minority Recruiting: As the first numbers on the composition of incoming freshman classes trickle in n... 
Professor Who Sent Porn Link Attacks 'Tabloid Journalists' Who Ran The Story: PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- A Philadelp... 
How to Lose a Job in 10 Ways: I have never been a fan of the term "dream job," because as a job search newbie ... 
Before a Decision: It's true that one of the hardest places to be is right before a decision. Options to weigh... 
Troubled For-Profit Corinthian Colleges Shutting Down As Education Department Faces Bill: Corinthian Colleges ... 
Chris Pratt Reveals On Reddit That His 'Parks And Rec' Character Smoked A Lot Of Weed:   ... 
Vols WR Pearson accused of sexual assault: ...Read more ... 
A Key Consideration When Refinancing Your Student Loans: As the outstanding student loan debt in the United St... 
Rice speaks to Rutgers players at spring game: ...Read more ... 
How To Support A Transitioning Loved One: Bruce Jenner, the former Olympian who has become a reality TV star, ... 
Youth for Climate: The Past Sri Lanka. The Pearl of the Indian Ocean. Granary of the Indian Ocean. These are t... 
Pinkel becomes SEC's latest $4 million coach: ...Read more ... 
A Deeper Look at Cheerleading in NCAA Division I Schools:    Like most things in the past 30 years, the face o... 
10 Things You're Going To Do If You Didn't Shower Today: Maybe no one will notice ......Read more ... 
'Most Likely To Succeed': Schools Should Teach Kids To Think, Not Memorize: Fourth-grader Scout is struggling ... 
Cal cuts ties with assistant coach after arrest: ...Read more ... 
Personalizing the In-Store Experience -- Will Consumers Give Up Their Privacy?:    (This post is a summary of ... 
'You Are Beautiful' Is A Global Campaign To Share Women's Portraits And Authentic Stories: Photographer  Jade ... 
Source: UConn, Cuse aim for 2016, '18 games: ...Read more ... 
On Nihilism and Urban Exploring: As a group of restless young adventure seekers, fresh off a late-night horror... 
10 Amazing Bets You'll Always Win (Even If Your Friends Hate You): Next time you go to happy hour, why not hus... 
Report Recommends Weighing Labor Market Data in College Choice: 46073...Read more ... 
Smoke-Filled Car Crashes Through National Weather Center Gate, Bursts Into Flames: A smoke-filled car crashed ... 
8 Workout Struggles Of Tall Girls: It's hard out here for a tall girl -- especially when you're just trying to... 
Tom Green Reveals The Dark Side Of Social Media: His...Read more ... 
Student Loan Giant Navient Bemoans Cost Of Mounting Government Probes: Investors in Navient Corp., the student... 
Calling on Young People to Lead Us to a Brighter Future: Our world is incredible, shrouded in a veil of myster... 
Student Accused Of Sex Assault By 3 Women Files Lawsuit Against Columbia And Art Professor: NEW YORK (AP) -- A... 
Why There Has Never Been a Better Time to Be an Entrepreneur: Doctor, engineer, and businessman. These were th... 
Emmert: Freshman ineligibility worth discussion: ...Read more ... 
Little Rock withdraws its request for bowl game: ...Read more ... 
11 Aunts Wanted For Crimes Against Facebook: Aunts: they keep their friends close, and their nieces and nephew... 
Why Attending a College in a Big City Is the Fastest Way to Grow Your Career: College is an important decision... 
Travis Wilson, now a grizzled veteran, eyeballs big finish: ...Read more ... 
Laci Green On The Problem With Reclaiming The Word 'Bitch': “Is it time for us to ditch the word ‘bitch’ or sh... 
Rush defense critical for Louisville in 2015: ...Read more ... 
Taco Bell Returns To Japan After Decades-Long Absence, People Go Nuts: Taco Bell opened its first Japanese loc... 
Nick Saban addresses Braxton Miller rumors: ...Read more ... 
Matt Johns exits spring as UVa's top QB: ...Read more ... 
Drexel University Sends 500 Acceptance Letters That It Shouldn't Have: PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Hundreds of studen... 
UAB football program makes money, firm finds: ...Read more ... 
Rose Bowl will not bid as CFP title game host: ...Read more ... 
ACC would support a ban on satellite camps: ...Read more ... 
Unsung but not unappreciated: DT Austin Johnson making waves at Penn State: ...Read more ... 
The Truth About Majoring in a 'Dying' Field: Every year,  Forbes  and a slew of other online publications rele... 
12 Things Every Introvert Wishes You Understood:  Sympathetic articles  , books and  lectures aside  , introve... 
6 Gifts For High School Grads That They'll Actually Want (And Use): Graduation season is rolling around again,... 
Q&amp;A: Oregon State coach Gary Andersen: ...Read more ... 
Rod-free, Jon Christenson ready to help Gophers: ...Read more ... 
24 Struggles Of Online Dating That Are All Too Real: I t's been  20 years since 
Perspectives on Grit from a First-Generation College Student: Blazing Trails in Math and Computer Science:    ... 
My Survivor Love Letter: Healing from abuse has taught me to believe in magic. How else would we be able to al... 
Clemson gives glimpse into Deshaun Watson's rehab: ...Read more ... 
Hugh Freeze's idea to replace traditional spring games: ...Read more ... 
Jameis Winston Now Says He Got Those Crab Legs For Free From Store Worker:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014 file ... 
Winston: Crab legs given to me, not stolen: ...Read more ... 
Why Don't More Americans Have a College Degree? Too Costly, Survey Finds: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsS... 
Two FSU trustees voice concern over ACC's status: ...Read more ... 
Spring checkup: Indiana Hoosiers: ...Read more ... 
4 Steps to Transfer Online Associate Credits to a 4-Year Online Program: Students looking to transfer
credits ... 
Clemson Issues Commitment to Its Athletes: In addition to committing to providing the full cost of attendance,... 
Resting on the Smallest Wings: The Flight of Conservation: "Learning how to successfully kill a butterfly is w... 
Ex-Stanford RB Young joins brother at Boise St.: ...Read more ... 
The Case for Closing the Opportunity Gap: For every 100 students from low-income families who start college, f... 
9 Times P!nk Proved That Every Woman Should Be Able To Define Herself: P!nk ain't got no time for the haters..... 
Seven Ivy League Acceptances For The Teen Who Lost Everything In Hurricane Sandy: Hurricane Sandy took everyth... 
'Butterfly Child' With Rare, Painful Condition Displays Strength That Will Blow You Away: For 14-year-old Jona... 
7 Excuses That Will Hold You Back From Success: I've written several times in the past about the qualities and... 
Democrats Introduce Resolution Calling For Debt-Free Public College:  Capitol Hill police officers and other o... 
Researchers Recommend Ways to Strengthen College and Career Pathways: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteL... 
HuffPost Wants To Celebrate Its Birthday With Fellow 10-Year-Olds!: The Huffington Post was born on May 9, 200... 
4 Reasons for International Students to Start at a U.S. Community College: ​Community colleges – schools that ... 
Changes in Cost of Attendance Examined: Some institutions have already begun to reevaluate the calculation of ... 
7 Life Changes That Could Help Your Finances: At first, Brian Carter's move to South Carolina seemed like an e... 
A Sustainable Tomorrow Begins With the Actions of Youth Today: The environment is constantly undergoing change... 
15 Activities That All Procrastinators Can Understand Doing: There's nothing worse than having copious amounts... 
Graduation Etiquette and Preparing for the Next Chapter: Graduation Day is right around the corner, and there ... 
Delta State U. Journalism Program, Student Newspaper Print Funding Axed: By  Katherine Schaeffer  Despite crie... 
Index Indicates Most High Schools Fall Short of Challenging Students: 45978...Read more ... 
National Fraternity Groups Step Away From Controversial Sexual Assault Proposal: National fraternity and soror... 
After Sexual Violence, Hope Grows in Honesty, Trust and Loving Relationships: All too often, male survivors of... 
Fordham's Award to John Brennan Cannot Stand: On May 19, 2012, the Fordham University Board of Trustees awarde... 
What It's Like When Your Rapist Appears Under Facebook's 'People You May Know': "When my rapist showed up unde... 
9 Ways Women And Weed Go Together Like Mary And Jane:    This post originally appeared on  Bustle  . By  Rache... 
We Need The Liberal Arts More Than Ever In Today's Digital World, Fareed Zakaria Says: A liberal arts educatio... 
Anatomy of a Law School Letter of Continued Interest: ​Now that most  law school  applicants have received dec... 
12 Mother's Day Cards For Cool Moms, Not Regular Moms:  As any book lover knows, reading provides an ability t... 
15 Things Anyone Who Loves A Woman With Anxiety Should Know: D uring the years my mother was still putting me ... 
3 Must-Know Facts for Teaching High Schoolers in Military Families: The military lifestyle can tough on  high ... 
49ers OL: 'Insane' Harbaugh 'wore out welcome': ...Read more ... 
My Challenges as a First-Generation College Student: I am the baby of my immediate family, but the first to ta... 
College Students Aren't Getting Enough Sleep. These Universities Are Trying To Change That: The University of ... 
An Open Letter to My Freshman Year: Dear 3 AM, Isn't it funny, that you can go 18 years of your life feeling l... 
Doom Is Coming In The New 'Fantastic Four' Trailer:  HOLLYWOOD, CA - MARCH 13:  Actress Scarlett Johansson att... 
12 Things You Didn't Know About 'Game Of Thrones,' According To The Cast: With "Game of Thrones"  deviating so... 
Former Playboy Model Michelle Manhart Wrestles Cops Over Flag (VIDEO): So much for letting freedom ring....Rea... 
Shooting At Delaware State Cookout Wounds 3: DOVER, Del. (AP) — Three people were shot and injured Saturday ni... 
White House Correspondents' Dinner Buries The Lede -- Its Student Scholarships:  May 1, 2011:

President Barac... 
The 26 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week: Each week HuffPost Women rounds up the most hilarious 140-charact... 
The Top Green Colleges In 2015, Ranked By The Princeton Review: Some higher education institutions are leading... 
How to Teach Men of Color: Four Critical Conditions: This post is co-authored with Frank Harris III @fharris3 ... 
How The Bush Administration Pointlessly Screwed Over Student Borrowers: There has never really been a good rea... 
Etch-a-Sketch Artist Recreates Iconic Obama Image for 4/20 (VIDEO): April 20th is upon us once again. To celeb... 
Kelsey Higley's 'Manipulated' Shows What It Would Be Like If You Could Mold Your Body Like Clay: A new video s... 
8 Alternative Titles For The New 'Star Wars' Movie That Are Far, Far More Accurate: We're almost home....Read ... 
This Illustrator Perfectly Captures The Struggle Of Being A Millennial: Adam Ellis...Read more ... 
Northern Illinois University Offers Class On 'Game Of Thrones': DEKALB, Ill. (AP) -- Northern Illinois Univers... 
Class of 2019 Shows Off College Acceptances on Social Media: Class of 2019 Shows Off College Acceptances on So... 
6 Ways Being a Sorority Girl Prepared Me for Motherhood: Oh, sorority girls. What do you picture? Blonde co-ed... 
Decide Whether to Pursue a Pre-MBA Internship: ​The summer before  business school  is traditionally a blissfu... 
Liberty Moves to Front on Cost of Attendance: April 2015...Read more ... 
Harassment At SAE And Its Fallout: Initiation Ritual Included Slut Shaming: This article was  originally publi... 
Notre Dame, Stung By 'The Hunting Ground,' Is Under U.S. Investigation For Sexual Harassment Cases: The Univer... 
Education Department Nears Deal With Student Loan Giant Navient Over Cheating Troops: The U.S. Department of E... 
Jameis Winston Sued Over Alleged Rape Of Former FSU Student: TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) -- A former Florida State ... 
Friendly Competition Encourages High School Students to Prepare for College: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false ... 
A Woman Live-Tweeted Her Teen's Abstinence-Only Sex Ed Class: A woman named...Read more ... 
An Unprecedented Settlement: Pass It on: Landmark Case Ruling Regarding Sexual Assault and Death As an expert ... 
Employees At Gawker Announce Effort To Unionize: Employees at gossip site Gawker are trying to unionize, the s... 
11 Quick Ways to Make a Lasting Impression: Whether you apply for a job that's full time, part time or tempora... 
Adjuncts Participate In National Day Of Action: Low-wage workers in cities from New York City to Los Angeles p... 
Amid Calls To Divest, Schools Explore Green Revolving Funds: While only 22 U.S. colleges and universities have... 
Target Scholarship Opportunities for Student Activists, Volunteers: ​Students who participate in community vol... 
The 10 Most Beautiful Spring Hikes in Oregon: 1. Abiqua Falls | Scotts Mills, Oregon    If you're looking for ... 
4 Reasons for High School Graduates to Turn to Community College: Prom, college acceptance letters, graduation... 
Cleveland State Keeps Wrestling and Adds Lacrosse: April 2015...Read more ... 
Colorado State Adding Women's Lacrosse: Colorado State announced that it will be adding women's lacrosse and t... 
Does Title IX Protect Accusers In Sexual Assault Cases Involving Athletes?: HUNTSVILLE, Alabama — Whether in c... 
Judge Dismisses Lawsuit Against Vassar College Filed By Student Expelled For Sexual Assault: A federal judge h... 
Yale Used To Use Its Endowment For Moral Reasons. Why Isn't It Doing That With Fossil Fuels?: NEW HAVEN, CT...... 
Women in the Performing Arts, Mariann Cook:    In my continuing series, Women In The Performing Arts , I am sp... 
Citizens Stand For Economic Equality With #BlackWorkMatters And The #FightFor15: Police brutality is not the o... 
Looking Past Bibi: A Letter to College Students from a Young, Jewish-American WASP: For many college-age Jewis... 
Sixty Years in Journalism: Advice to the Class of 2015 -- and 2019: The news business seems to have gone back ... 
Lifelong Learners in a Rapidly Changing World: Whether college, high school, elementary school, or preschool a... 
Drug Convictions Can Send Financial Aid Up In Smoke: ​Next week will be April 20, otherwise known as  4/20  . ... 
Community Organizing, Fierce Advocacy, Led to Closing of Notorious D.C. Youth Detention Center: Six years ago ... 
Understand What to Expect From Faculty in Online Nursing Courses: The nursing field requires employees to bala... 
Transfer Rule for 5th Year of Play Questioned: The rule which allows college graduates to transfer to another ... 
Rutgers horse Lord Nelson, once flagged, dies: ...Read more ... 
Watch A 2-Minute History Of Facial Hair In America: From the “...Read more ... 
Debt Collectors Lose Lawsuits Against Education Department: A federal judge on Tuesday dismissed lawsuits agai... 
Foes Of Marijuana Legalization Can't Like These New Numbers: Opponents of legalizing marijuana can't be happy ... 
Where do Study Abroad Students Spend Their Weekends? [Infographic]: By College Tourist....Read more ... 
9 Types Of People Who Simply Aren't Marriage Material: He's perfect for you... but he has an excuse every time... 
How To Understand Your Financial Aid Package: Financial aid packages can definitely be tricky (what do half th... 
HuffPost What's Working Honor Roll: These School Districts Are Rethinking How They Train Their Teachers: As jo... 
The Future Project How Two Young Social Entrepreneurs Are Trying To Close The Inspiration Gap In American Scho... 
Big Shifts in Economy Give College-Educated Workers Clear Edge: 45868...Read more ... 
2 Wesleyan Students Expelled After Molly Arrests: MIDDLETOWN, Conn. (AP) -- Two of the five Wesleyan Universit... 
Tuition Revenue Keeps Public Colleges Afloat as State Support Lags: 45851...Read more ... 
In Koch We Trust: Shadow Politics and the New Democracy: In 2010, two court cases dramatically changed the cou... 
No, I Won't Be Losing Weight for My Wedding: By  Alex Blank Millard  for  xoJane  "So," says the woman standin... 
The University of Michigan Got Hate Mail... and It's Disgusting: This week, the University of Michigan cancell... 
Leaving Fear Out of the College Experience: I learned so much in college. I was taught to be independent and t... 
Students Suspended After Charges In Beach Sex Assault: PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Two Alabama college stud... 
Troy University Students Suspended After Rape Charge: PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla. (AP) -- Two Alabama college stud... 
Troy University Students Suspended After Rape Charge: PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla. (AP) -- Two Alabama college stud... 
Hockey Goalie Matt O'Connor Commits Mind-Blowing Gaffe In National Title Game:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014 f... 
Marco Rubio Is the Biggest Threat to Hillary Clinton in 2016: Hillary Clinton's announcement of a presidential... 
Nebraska spring game: What we learned: ...Read more ... 
Stanford spring game: What we learned: ...Read more ... 
One Thing You Didn't Notice About Bane In 'The Dark Knight Rises': As far as bad guys in franchises go, they d... 
What Your Rejection Letter Really Means About The College That Sent It:    After years of studying and testing... 
The 20 Funniest Tweets From Women This Week: Each week HuffPost Women rounds up the most hilarious 140-charact... 
Far More College Students Riot Due To 'Drunken Idiocy' Than For Activism (INFOGRAPHIC): In the 1960's, Califor... 
New University Of Oklahoma Diversity Chief Was Discriminated Against As A Student There: TULSA, Okla. (AP) -- ... 
Howard University Students Decry Hate With #BlackLoveMatters: Howard University students have a...Read more ... 
When It Comes To Feminism And Reproductive Rights, Survey Says Labels Don't Work:  The "Orange Is The New Blac... 
Digital Communication Etiquette in the Workplace: This blog post was written by Intern Queen...Read more ... 
A Brilliant, Hilarious Solution To Ending Catcalling: "A Clockwork Orange" isn't just a film, it's a tutorial.... 
We Need to Pay Doctors to Have End-of-Life Conversations: In my junior year at the University of North Carolin... 
Cooper Union Investigated By State Attorney General: In what should be a ringing alarm for nonprofit boards ac... 
A Re-Entry Program That Works: What if college students and ex-offenders could live together, support and help... 
'I Never Thought I Would Be So Happy To Have Divorced Parents':  "As for my husband's first marriage, I don't ... 
The Things That Aren't On the Syllabus: Educators today are preparing our students for jobs and careers that d... 
Vassar College Recognized for Support of Low-Income Students: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: ... 
Madonna Singing 'Holiday' With Classroom Instruments Is Reason To Celebrate: Jimmy Fallon just got Madonna to ... 
State AGs Urge Federal Forgiveness Of Student Loans Tied To Dodgy For-Profit Chain: Top state prosecutors from... 
UVA Fraternity Won't Pursue Honor Code Charges Against 'Jackie': A University of Virginia fraternity will not ... 
University of Alabama Group Blames Secret Society For Keeping New Student Government President From Picking Hi... 
Kentucky Wildcats' Top 7 Scorers Heading To NBA Draft: The Kentucky Wildcats will lose their top seven scorers... 
Career Technical Education Programs Honored for Excellence: At the Marine Academy of Science and Technology in... 
Actually, Teens Are Still Using Facebook: Facebook's grip on teens may be loosening, but it's still their favo... 
Why Traveling Alone May Not Be for Everyone: There are a myriad of articles presently circulating the Web abou... 
Aliens Might Weigh As Much As Polar Bears And Be Taller Than The Tallest Man Who Ever Lived:   One of the cool... 
5 Financial To-Dos to Check Off in 5 Minutes: We all have  financial goals  : Pay off debt, plump up that nest... 
This Video Perfectly Explains Why Your Upstairs Neighbors Are The Worst: Ever wonder why your upstairs neighbo... 
Jon Stewart Shreds Rolling Stone Over Scandal: 'Someone's Gotta Go': Rolling Stone's...Read more ... 
Scholarships for Finance, Accounting Students Can Add Up: ​Tax Day​ is just around the corner, which means a b... 
When Students Become the Teachers: One of the privileges of spending time on college and university campuses, ... 
Texas coaches deposed: We share play calling: ...Read more ... 
How I Lived Without a Credit Card for 25 Years:  By Lucy Mueller, Senior Editor This year, shortly before turn... 
Underage Louisiana College Students Busted For Trying To Take 1800 Cans Of Beer To The Beach:  Altogether Sher... 
Study Abroad: It's Not All Black and White: It's white. Though an unprecedented amount of American student are... 
North Dakota Close To Expanding Protections For Student Journalists: The North Dakota House of Representatives... 
This Is What It's Like to Be a Teen Living With a Chronic Illness: I think people often forget about the sick ... 
The Apple Watch Reviews Are In, And They Are Mixed: Tech critics are now intimately familiar with the Apple Wa... 
Weigh Online Degrees at Community College, For-Profit Programs: Students considering pursuing an online associ... 
It's All Greek to Me: What It Means to Celebrate Orthodox Easter: This past Sunday I texted my father "Happy E... 
When One Employee Saw These Onesies, He Almost Lost It. Here's How The Store Responded.: 
Championship Game Scores Big on TV and Online: The television viewership of the NCAA men's championship game i... 
Arab Gulf Universities Prep Students for Civil, Common Law Careers: Emirati citizen Ahmad Dalmook didn’t have ... 
What to Do if you Graduate Without a Job: This blog post was written by  Intern Queen  Alumni Ambassador  Bria... 
30 Frats Shut Down In The Past Month As Colleges Respond To Misconduct More Aggressively: Thirty fraternities ... 
Genius Woman Puts Her Relationship To The Test With 'Beyonce Exam': Want to know if you and your special someo... 
Former Disney Star Dylan Sprouse Is All Grown Up And Is Now Giving Love Advice: Teens know Dylan Sprouse from ... 
Why I Was Heartbroken When the Wisconsin Badgers Lost to Duke (And Why That's Normal): It's a tale as old as t... 
Ladies, Sarah Silverman Wants You To Ask For A Raise: Sarah Silverman is standing up against wage inequality b... 
This Teen Got Into All 8 Ivy League Schools. His Humble Response Will Inspire You.: When Harold Ekeh...Read more ... 
UVA Student Says Rolling Stone's Reputation 'Seriously At Stake' For Not Firing Rape Story Writer: In the wake... 
Duke's Coach K Calls Rent-A-Player Criticism 'Harsh': After...Read more ... 
California Community Colleges Create a Path to HBCUs: The road from  community college  to  four-year schools ... 
Map: 10 States That Draw the Most International Students: The U.S. received the...Read more ... 
Dove's 'Choose Beautiful' Campaign Says Women Are So Much More Than Average: Dove wants women to #ChooseBeauti... 
NCAA Supervisor of Officials Leaving Position: The NCAA's supervisor of officials was informed earlier this ye... 
Russell Westbrook Surprises Single Mom With His New MVP Car. Her Reaction Is Priceless: Russell Westbrook...Re... 
The Terrible Consequences of Not Managing Your Student Debt Well: Every year, students around the nation enter... 
Duke Beats Wisconsin 68-63 To Win 2015 NCAA Tournament:  INDIANAPOLIS, IN - APRIL 06: Sam Dekker #15 of the Wi... 
Rutgers Bans Fraternity Parties Following Alcohol-Related Problems: NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP) -- Rutgers Univer... 
Mindy Kaling's Brother Admits He Pretended To Be Black So He Could Get Into Medical School:  Applying to medic... 
Azealia Banks Addresses the 'New Face' of Misogyny: By this point we all should be well aware that feminism is... 
Reconciling Weariness and Love: Yehuda Avner's Legacy: Yehuda Avner (z''l) is one of the most important of Isr... 
106 Colleges Are Under Federal Investigation For Sexual Assault Cases: The U.S. Department of Education's Offi... 
The 29 Most Heartbreaking Moments Of The 2015 March Madness Tournament:  Wisconsin bench celebrates as Kentuck... 
Teens Reacting To JNCO Jeans Will Remind You Just How Horrible The '90s Fashion Trend Was: Though some say the... 
Reflections From Ivy Day: I sat outside today. I'm telling you this because it's not a common occurrence -- fo... 
Former UCLA All-American And National Champion: No Class During March Madness: On the heels of the 2015 Final ... 
3 Don'ts for New Law Students Planning to Transfer: ​In last week’s post, I began a discussion of two situatio... 
March Madness Contenders' Research Programs Put to the Test: For three consecutive years, inspired by the Nati... 
3 College Wait List Mistakes to Avoid: ​After years of planning and months of preparation, some students find ... 
Share College Acceptance Letter Photos With U.S. News Education: Share College Acceptance Letter Photos With U... 
The 10 Craziest Things We Left On The Moon: Humans have left behind some pretty weird sh*t on the moon -- and,... 
Audio Recording of Inappropriate Chant Leads to Suspension of Club Team: An audio recording of a sexually expl... 
Success Means Bonuses for Coach Staley: Coach Staley of South Carolina has earned bonuses in the six figures a... 
Rolling Stone's UVA Rape Story Was A 'Journalistic Failure' That Could've Been Avoided, Columbia Finds: NEW YO... 
Strive for Rising Expectations: "Strive for rising expectations." If ever there was a counter-intuitive statem... 
Should I Have Gone to Bard?: I applied to Brandeis University early decision. I was attracted to the way the s... 
Police Arrest 31 Following Kentucky's Final Four Loss: LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- Lexington Police say 31 people h... 
Some Michigan State Fan Proposed To A CBS Reporter Before The Game:  Duke's Justise Winslow (12) is fouled by ... 
UNC Charlotte Wins NCAA Anti-Assault Contest By Promising To 'Take Responsibility': In recognition of Sexual A... 
Sexually Assaulted At UVA: IN 1997, I was sexually assaulted by a fellow student at the University of Virginia... 
The Truth About Life In 2015 At Stanford, Where 21-Year-Olds Are Offered Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Righ... 
Here's The 2015 March Madness Schedule For Saturday's Final Four Games: Well, we're here, you guys: the NCAA T... 
Ricky Gervais And Jimmy Fallon Desperately Try To Match Kids' Funny Faces: First things first, you can forget ... 
5 Stories You've Never Heard Before About Heath Ledger As The Joker: Legendary makeup artist John Caglione Jr.... 
Spare Change: By Martha Coakley, Massachusetts Attorney General (2007-15), Middlesex County District Attorney ... 
First Job, First Salary: What Recent Grads Say: After years of part-time jobs and living on a shoe-string budg... 
New Study Says Art School Students Have More Sex: This article originally appeared on...Read more ... 
Our Children Are Our Future? Or Are They...: An "old school" protest on Capitol Hill by American students took... 
Tavis Smiley: My Conversation With Dr. Darnell Hunt on Diversity in Hollywood: Television shows like...Read more ... 
10 Dorm Room Date Ideas That Require Minimal Planning: Making time for dating while in college is difficult. Y... 
Watching Teens React To Classic '90s Songs Will Pain Your Nostalgic Heart: Even though the teens of today were... 
Millennials Don't Agree On Everything To Do With Sex: Despite...Read more ... 
Women in the Performing Arts: Amy Rogers:    It may come as no surprise to my blog followers, that some of the... 
Laci Green Explains Why So Many People Don't Believe Survivors Of Sexual Assault: If a woman says she was sexu... 
Karl Rove Won't Apologize To Veteran For The Iraq War: Karl Rove is still doing what he does best: championing... 
Jimmy Fallon Finds The Funniest #BestPrankEver Tweets And They're Straight Up Diabolical: Turning your boss' t... 
What I Learned When I Turned The Camera On Myself: I could count the number of photographs I have of myself fr... 
5 Ways to Ace Discussion Board Assignments in an Online Class: There's no hand-raising in an online classroom,... 
4 Questions to Ask When Building an MBA Program Short List: ​When the idea of pursuing an MBA degree first ger... 
Cost of Athletics at Rutgers is a Dollar Every Second: April 2015...Read more ... 
John Calipari Says NCAA Schools Should Pay For Student-Athletes' Insurance: Kentucky basketball coach John Cal... 
'Price Is Right' Model Accidentally Gives Away A Car In Huge Fail: Well, that's one way to win a car....Read more ... 
8 Things That Never Go Through Your Head While Riding Public Transportation: There's nothing quite like the jo... 
4 College Savings Mistakes Even Savvy Parents Make: Arlene George assumed that her child's college education w... 
Maddie Ziegler Is An Emotional Roller Coaster In Sia's 'Big Girls Cry' Music Video: Wearing her signature beig... 
College Policy Focus Moves Over Time From Access to Completion: The college conversation largely has shifted f... 
South Carolina Senate Considers Bill Requiring Payment to Athletes: April 2015...Read more ... 
Heavy Gunfire Reported As Masked Gunmen Attack Garissa University In Kenya: Police: NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — A po... 
Student Harvesting and the Dilution of a Discipline: Sitting in the Mary Riepma Ross Film Theatre in Lincoln, ... 
Influential Secret Society Blamed For Problems On Campus Dodges Transparency Push: The University of Alabama s... 
Noose Found Hanging From Tree At Duke University: Duke University launched an investigation after a noose was ... 
Taste Test: The Best (And Absolute Worst) Gluten-Free Beers: There may have been a time when "gluten-free beer... 
The Abuse of Faculty at California's Public Universities: I have been teaching at Cal State Bakersfield, one o... 
Girl Wanders Around Grand Central Trying To Kiss Strangers And It's Hilariously Awkward: NYC comedian Farah Br... 
Marie Southard Ospina Stripped Down On-Camera To Show That Women Can Be Fat And Beautiful: Beauty isn't found ... 
The Hardest Part About Growing Up As a Transracial Adoptee:  Kevin and Gina Nelson adopted Katie from Korea in... 
Source: Michigan adding ex-Iowa QB Rudock: ...Read more ... 
Accuser of Alabama's Taylor recants statement: ...Read more ... 
Funny Or Die's April Fools' Day Prank 'Dips' Is Actually A Great Idea: Funny Or Die co-creator Adam McKay help... 
Explore Congressional Budget Proposals' Impact on Student Aid: ​It’s that time of year again – budget season. ... 
The Value of a Four-Year Degree Is Increasing: We've all heard the jokes. There's the film studies major who w... 
Start Your April Fools' Day Off Right With These Chemistry Jokes. They're A Gas!: It's April Fools' Day! What ... 
University Of Houston Reveals Matthew McConaughey's Speaking Fee: HOUSTON (AP) -- A Texas university that book... 
College Students Are Robots?: You hear it everywhere today: higher education needs massive disruption; the tra... 
McShay: Winston looks like No. 1 pick: Evaluating Jameis Winston's pro day performance -- 2015 NFL draft...Rea... 
Winston: 'I'm the best player in the draft': ...Read more ... 
Don't Wait to Get off a College Waitlist: If you're reading this article, you most likely know one of the tens... 
Frats Push To Make Rape Victims Choose Between Police Or School For Investigations: National Greek life organi... 
Arizona Professor Received A Bunch Of Threatening Emails After Fox News Segment About His Class: The Arizona S... 
USC's Haden to boycott CFP meeting in Indy: USC Trojans AD Pat Haden to boycott College Football Playoff meeti... 
OSU's Thomas to have sports hernia surgery: Michael Thomas of Ohio State Buckeyes to undergo surgery for sport... 
Why You Need to Be Concerned About FratPAC Lobbying:    The Fraternity and Sorority Political Action Committee... 
Johnnie's Seek Mullin's Magic: Chris Mullin has no coaching experience but that shouldn't be an issue for St. ... 
Understand the Differences Between a Co-op, Internship: It’s not enough to go to  college  and get good grades... 
Find Healthy Ways to Deal With Medical School Rejection: ​This is the time of year when  medical schools  wind... 
Arab Region Universities Offer EMBAs for Emerging Leaders: For Lebanese student Najee Syriani, the timing was ... 
11 Weird Things You Didn't Know You Could Bring On A Plane (Including Antlers): Thanks to the  TSA's incredibl... 
Saban: 'Very sorry' for how Taylor played out: Nick Saban on Jonathan Taylor situation -- 'very sorry for the ... 
UC-Berkeley Soccer Player Killed By Car On Highway After Leaving Party: LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A University of Ca... 
Oklahoma WR Smallwood injures left ACL: Jordan Smallwood of Oklahoma Sooners injures left ACL - ESPN...Read more ... 
Watch Evan Rachel Wood Break Down Gender Stereotypes And Get Stoned With Grandmas: Is there anything Evan Rach... 
Teen's Impressive Illustrations Show Baymax From 'Big Hero 6' Like You've Never Seen Him Before: Baymax from..... 
J.J. Redick, Once The Most Hated Man In College Basketball, Hates College Basketball: J.J. Redick, who more or... 
Save Yourself Time With A Time Audit: Do you need more time? For most people, the answer is a resounding yes..... 
Perform to Your Potential With These AP Calculus Exam Tips: ​The Advanced Placement Calculus AB exam is one of... 
U.S. News Data: Online MBA Not Always a Cheaper Option: When Alexander Mabin was choosing his online MBA progr... 
Choosing the Right Path to College: While the notification date to college applicants varies dramatically depe... 
Termination for Cause: The decision by Tennessee to fire its men's basketball coach for cause in the wake of a... 
Faculty Panel May Stall Plan for Athletic Facilities: The plan for new and upgraded athletic facilities at Rut... 
The First 'Fear The Walking Dead' Trailer Looks Intense: Coming off the shocking season finale of "The Walking... 
How to Build Your Own Political Dynasty: An Instruction Manual: So, you want political power? You can picture ... 
5 Radical Ideas Hillary Should Support: I've argued that Hillary Clinton is at risk of being a weak presidenti... 
Leadership Equity at Public Liberal Arts Colleges: The disparity between the percentage of women students at A... 
Bama's Taylor arrested for domestic violence: Jonathan Taylor of Alabama Crimson Tide arrested on domestic vio... 
Kids' Choice Awards 2015 Orange Carpet Style Was Brighter Than Ever: Hollywood's...Read more ... 
8 Facts That'll Change How You View 'The Breakfast Club,' According To The Cast: In the same way that people a... 
You Got the Job -- Now Here's What to Expect: If your first full-time job is locked down by the time you cross... 
Here's The 2015 March Madness Schedule For Saturday And Sunday's Elite 8 Games: March Madness is getting down ... 
7 Shot And Injured At Florida Spring Break House Party: PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Seven people were injur... 
Paying College Athletes: Take Two: Last week an  article  ran in the Huffington Post that cited several econom... 
Alabama DB Smith arrested on DUI charge: Geno Smith of Alabama Crimson Tide arrested on DUI charge - ESPN...Re... 
I Wasn't Prepared for the Horror Story That Is Online Dating While Black:  By Zeba Blay  I try to remind mysel... 
Big Ten officials to discuss new Indiana law: Big Ten officials to discuss new Indiana religious objections la... 
I Called Myself a Bitch, and Then Thought Twice About It: Last week, I  called myself a bitch  . It was shorth... 
8 Less Talked About Reality of Traveling to Exotic Places: I was never the type of person who went backpacking... 
From Egyptian Revolutions To March Madness, Louisville's Anas Mahmoud Has Seen It All: With seven seconds left... 
Duke Investigates Reports Of Student Taunted With Racist SAE Chant: Duke University said it's investigating re... 
Vocabulary Words New College Students Need to Gain a Competitive Edge: There is a set of vocabulary words that... 
SAE Fraternity Members Learned Racist Song At National Leadership Event, University Finds: The Sigma Alpha Eps... 
Bling kings: Buckeyes get 1st of 3 title rings: Ohio State Buckeyes collect first of three title rings for 201... 
Jimmy Fallon's #HowIQuit Tweets Are The Perfect Workday Inspiration: Disgruntled workers, this one is for you.... 
5 Books That Changed My Perspective of the World: "What is your favorite book?" I've been asked this question ... 
Ex-Card Lyons reuniting with Harbaugh at UM: Wayne Lyons transferring from Stanford to Michigan, reuniting wit... 
New Indiana Law Could Be an Issue: A religious liberty law that was just passed in Indiana is of significant c... 
Get In, Get Info, Get Out: The Awesome Art Of Skimming: Let's admit it. We've all used  CliffNotes  or the eve... 
Feds May Spend Nearly $70 Million On Marijuana For Research: The federal government announced Monday that it i... 
Disputed new Indiana law concerns NCAA: NCAA concerned about Indiana's new law on religious objections - ESPN.... 
Starbucks Birthday Cake Frappuccinos Are Now Available For A Limited Time Only: To celebrate...Read more ... 
HuffPost Love And Sex Podcast: Dating Offline In An Online World: From the emergence of the professional pick-... 
Jimmy Kimmel Proves No One Knows What's Going On In March Madness: The...Read more ... 
The 39 Most Iconic College Town Food Joints Across North America: Anyone who has ever attended college can tel... 
Cure Tuition Ills With Medical School Scholarships: ​If you dream of becoming a doctor, you already know that ... 
Old Dominion's Trey Freeman Hits Insane 3-Point Buzzer Beater That Proves The NIT Is Cool Too: If you're one o... 
Fired Arizona State Coach Was Well Respected: March 2015...Read more ... 
CollegeHumor Sketch Imagines What It'd Be Like If People Left Parties The Way They Leave Facebook: What would ... 
Trojans AD: Documents hint at NCAA hypocrisy: Pat Haden of USC Trojans -- Sanction documents hint at NCAA hypo... 
The 7 Types Of Bosses College Students Want: In my experience, and thanks to some feedback from current and fo... 
Higher Ed Must Shift Gears to Meet Student Needs: In the business world, investors carefully weed through prop... 
The Penn State Kappa Delta Rho Member's Defense Is Flawed: The news that the Kappa Delta Rho fraternity at Pen... 
Ohio St. looking into potential Miller violation: Ohio State Buckeyes investigating potential Braxton Miller N... 
NC State Disbands Fraternity Over Sexist And Racist Notebook: RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) -- North Carolina State Unive... 
Naspa's Annual Conference Was Going Well. Then Yik Yak Showed Up.: Student-affairs professionals flocked to Ne... 
15 Stages Of Grief After Hearing Zayn Malik Is Leaving One Direction: In case you haven't heard (who are we ki... 
Iowa allows QB Rudock to transfer anywhere: Jake Rudock of Iowa Hawkeyes free to transfer anywhere - ESPN...Re... 
Dismissive of 'Rape Culture,' a New York Times Columnist Perpetuates It in a Screed Against 'Sensitivity': Jud... 
Fraternities Consider Lobbying Congress To Thwart College Rape Investigations: National fraternity organizatio... 
Cost of Attendance Scrutinized: The impact of the new cost of attendance stipend and the increasing overall va... 
NCAA Forced to Release Damaging Communications in Defamation Case: March 2015...Read more ... 
How to Make the Most of Your Last Semester of Undergrad: As I'm picking up my cap and gown and other regalia t... 
Creating the College List: For many, there are colleges that students are intent on going to, expect to be acc... 
Levi Pettit, Student Involved In Racist SAE Chant, Will Speak For The First Time: DALLAS (AP) -- A former Univ... 
Oklahoma Players Working To Combat Racism: Oklahoma Players Working To Combat Racism - ESPN Video - ESPN...Rea... 
CrossFit Couple's Engagement Photos Are Nothing Short Of Badass: Couple and fellow CrossFitters Iliana and Joe... 
Stoops: 'Proud' of Sooners' response to video: Oklahoma Sooners' Bob Stoops -- Racist frat video opportunity f... 
Bracketology:    Unless you've been taking a media fast for the last two weeks, you have been awash with stori... 
Driving Education Accountability: 'I'm Sorry Officer, the Gas Gauge Shows I Wasn't Speeding.': Imagine being m... 
Harbaugh says he's not worth Michigan deal: Jim Harbaugh, Michigan Wolverines coach, says he's not worth his c... 
Falling For Your BFF? Here's How To Deal: Having a crush on your BFF doesn’t have to be weird. Just ask...Read... 
Freedom of Expression and Its Double Standard: Almost a month ago, the French Club at the University of Chicag... 
What Happened When This Indigenous Teen Asked For Hugs From Strangers: When Jasirah Bin-Hitam stood on a beach... 
A 28-Step Guide To Falling In Love With Your Messy Life: "Where in the heck is the cap to this thing?!" These ... 
Origin and Distribution of Tournament Money Explained: Jonathan Berr writing for 
Tournament TV Ratings Increase: The advertisers were apparently correct with their investment of marketing dol... 
5 Wounded In Shooting Near Austin Peay State University In Tennessee: March 23 (Reuters) - Five people were wo... 
University of Wisconsin's Sam Dekker Dunked So Hard, The Ball Went Through The Hoop Twice:  PORTLAND, OR - MAR... 
High Schoolers Charged Men More At A Bake Sale To Highlight The Gender Pay Gap: Holding a bake sale typically ... 
In Defense of Cara Delevingne's 'Bad' American Accent: Author and YouTuber, John Green, widely known for his N... 
Sweet Briar College and the Homogenization of U.S. Higher Education: The  announcement  that Sweet Briar Colle... 
Instagram's New App Lets You Make Collages: Instagram has finally created a tool to help you make photo collag... 
Office Hours to the Rescue: Why It's a Good Idea to Go: I'm not a fan of going to office hours, in fact, I avo... 
Gender Equality in College Coaching: Where We Continue to Drop the Ball: March is Women's History Month, a tim... 
Q&amp;A: Update a Law School Resume, Retake the LSAT a Third Time: ​Welcome to the latest installment of Law Admis... 
State rep calls for UAB president to resign: Jack Williams, Alabama state representative, calls for UAB presid... 
A Guy Secretly Recorded An Argument With His Parents In 1985; Some Genius Has Now Animated It:  Joan Jett foun... 
Why the 99 Percent Keeps Losing: Our current political situation is unprecedented. The vast majority of Americ... 
Why College Isn't (And Shouldn't Have to Be) For Everyone: I know a high school senior who's so worried about ... 
Governor Scott Walker vs. Unions: Wisconsin Governor  Scott Walker  has just signed into law legislation that ... 
Texas Lawmakers: Funding A College Education For Veterans Too High: AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- They signed up to fi... 
SPARK And Google Created An App That Highlights The History Women Made Right Beneath Your Feet: With some help... 
Obama anti-compensation for college athletes: President Barack Obama against compensation for college athletes... 
Watch Obama's Interview With The Huffington Post:  In this image from TV, US President Barack Obama shakes han... 
Obama Applauds 'Quick Reaction' Against Racist Fraternity Video: WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama said Fri... 
How I Used Instagram to Land My Dream Internship: Everybody uses social media in some capacity. Just look arou... 
Slain Civil Rights Activist To Receive Posthumous Degree: DETROIT (AP) -- For 24 years, a stone marker has sto... 
Obama Watches Princeton Women's NCAA Tournament Game To Cheer On Niece: President Barack Obama has some famili... 
15 Things I'm Embarrassed To Admit I Need From My Future Wife: By Keith Dent As your future husband, it was ve... 
7 Reasons Every Woman Needs To Travel Alone: A...Read more ... 
Invisible: Disability at Yale: This piece  originally appeared  on the Yale Daily News. When Christina Kim '16... 
He Told His Boyfriend, 'I Love You.' His Boyfriend's Response Brought Him to Tears. (VIDEO): I'm From Driftwoo... 
NC State Bans Alcohol At Frat Events In Wake Of Sex Assault Allegations: RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina S... 
Higher Ed in 2050: Why the Future Is Not as Bleak as Many Believe: Co-authored by Dr. Jeff Borden, associate v... 
Mohammad Hossain Cleared In '50 Shades Of Grey' Rape Case: A judge ruled there wasn't enough evidence to proce... 
Why Colgate's Day of Impact Matters: The first thing you'd learn on a tour of Colgate University is that our s... 
Jimmy Fallon's #IOnceOverheard Tweets Prove The Best Fails Happen To Other People: If you've been confessing y... 
16 Of The Best 'OMG' Proposal Moments Captured On Camera: Love is in the air! March 20 marks the first day of ... 
Top 10 Rookie Study Abroad Mistakes: By Jenna Rice, University of Central Florida.    Your guide to avoiding t... 
Schools That Accept All Applicants: Colleges With the Highest Acceptance Rates...Read more ... 
22 Things To Start Doing Now That Will Improve The Rest Of Your Life: On  Quora  , the social question-and-ans... 
American Legion Condemns Education Department Over Student Loan Investigation: The American Legion, the influe... 
The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: College life is under a microscope of significant recent media atte... 
SMU's Yanick Moreira Breaks Down During Press Conference After Emotional Loss To UCLA: After a...Read more ... 
Martese Johnson Did Not Have A Fake ID, Attorney Says: The bloody arrest of University of Virginia student Mar... 
UC President Janet Napolitano Apologizes For Calling Student Protests 'Crap': After being caught on camera cal... 
In One GIF, This 20-Year-Old Shows How Powerful Women Can Be: Strong things come in small packages....Read more ... 
Contemporary Challenges Facing American Higher Education: College and universities have always had mottos, usu... 
Ask the Twitterverse: Twitter Chats Rule the Internet: Social media started as an innovative way to connect di... 
Penn State President: Review Of Entire Frat System May Be Necessary: STATE COLLEGE, Pa. (AP) -- Penn State's p... 
How To Best Take Care Of Your Skin At Night: While it's (fairly) common knowledge that going to bed without wa... 
Dayton's Dyshawn Pierre Gets Pantsed On National TV, Reacts Like A Pro:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014 file pho... 
Plug In to Scholarships for Aspiring IT Professionals: ​Information Technology​ and related disciplines are hi... 
Exploring the Roots of College Admissions Mania: More than a dozen prominent colleges around the country broke... 
3 Tips for Finding a Comfort Zone on a Coed Arab University Campus: ​The transition from high school to colleg... 
Condoleezza Rice and Pat Haden Discuss Governance at USC: Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice joined US... 
Not Yet a Grown Up, and I'm Fine With It: I'm 21 years of age and I'm uncomfortable about it. I still feel on ... 
Do What You Love (and the Money Might Follow): By Laurie Uttich UCF Forum columnist When I was an undergrad in... 
Aspen Institute Recognizes Top Community Colleges: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false UserT... 
Police end probe into Missouri swimmer's death: Sasha Menu Courey death investigation closed by Columbia, Miss... 
Black UVA Student Martese Johnson Bloodied During Arrest By State Liquor Agents: Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe... 
GOP Would Freeze Pell Grants For 10 Years, Despite Program Not Keeping Up With Cost Of College: WASHINGTON -- ... 
Confessions Of a (Insert Your Major Here): When people hear that I'm a literature major, they say things like ... 
Bielema: 'Obligation' to slow pace of offenses: Arkansas Razorbacks coach Bret Bielema continues campaign agai... 
Mystery Of The Photocopied Cat At Steenbock Library May All Be A Lie: The case of the mysterious cat scan has ... 
University of Texas Campus Humor Magazine Editors Elected Student Government President, VP: Two top editors fr... 
This Girl Sounds So Much Like Justin Bieber, It's Scary:  MIAMI BEACH, FL - MARCH 04: In this handout photo pr... 
Boeheim to retire in 3 years; AD Gross out: Jim Boeheim to retire in 3 years from Syracuse Orange; Daryl Gross... 
14 Soft Skills to Master in Your 20s: What if, someday soon, you no longer need a four-year college degree to ... 
Child Sex Trafficking Is A Problem In Her Community, So This 19-Year-Old Turned To Film To Make A Difference: ... 
NCAA lawyer: Ruling not in line with precedent: NCAA lawyer says pay-for-play ruling not in line with preceden... 
5 Tips I Learned From Being a Student Entrepreneur: This blog post was written by Intern Queen  Campus Ambassa... 
Swarthmore Student Group Breaks With International Jewish Organization After Dispute Over Israel Policies:   S... 
Three Morgan State football players stabbed: Morgan State Bears football players stabbed on campus - ESPN...Re... 
The Colleges With The Hungriest March Madness Fans, According To GrubHub: As March Madness switches into high ... 
The Secret Eating Disorder (You've Never Heard Of):    Celebrities don’t talk about it. Doctors don’t always n... 
Are We Teaching Millennials to Be Amoral?: Who loves employee codes of conduct? Given how sprawling and lawyer... 
'The Fosters' Star Maia Mitchell Has Something To Say About All Those White Emojis: When it comes to emoji div... 
The Only St. Patrick's Day Drinking Game That Could Actually Prevent You From Puking: There are plenty of St. ... 
Mentoring More Women in Music Production:    Photo Credit: Barnard College In an earlier blog post, I introduc... 
Wider Access to Education Is Crucial to Fixing Income Inequality, Says Economist: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: f... 
Temple suspends players arrested for assault: Temple Owls suspend two football players after assault arrests -... 
NCAA Fights To Undo Historic Ed O'Bannon Ruling:    SAN FRANCISCO - A group of athletes  trying to win a slice... 
How International Students Can Explore Academic Competitions in the U.S.: It's important to get a good educati... 
BC's Reason for Voting No: March 2015...Read more ... 
UNC to pay whistleblower $335,000 settlement: University of North Carolina to pay $335,000 to academic fraud w... 
ASU recruit's girlfriend recants assault claim: Arizona State Sun Devils LB Davon Durant's girlfriend recants ... 
Going to Class 2.0: This piece is part of a series of posts from the Founding Class KGI about their experience... 
McElwain brings energy in start with Gators: Florida Gators hold first practice under new coach Jim McElwain -... 
Education Department Shows Little Concern About Lawbreaking Debt Collectors: The U.S. Department of Education ... 
Michigan suspends OL Glasgow after BAC test: Graham Glasgow of Michigan Wolverines suspended after BAC test - ... 
Are You Ready for Work?: I talked and dined with a Harvard student, a new friend, last week about her career i... 
Americans Think Closing SAE Frat Over Racist Song Was The Right Call: Most Americans think the University of O... 
Nastygal Sells A $583 Dress That Is Basically Just Well-Placed Pom-Poms: Just a few weeks ago,...Read more ... 
I Want to See Your Selfie: Selfies are something we associate with narcissism -- and, of course, something we ... 
Arizona State suspends Durant after arrest: Arizona State Sun Devils suspend Davon Durant after arrest on alle... 
O'Bannon case resumes in 9th Circuit Court: Ed O'Bannon case -- oral arguments in NCAA appeal of judge's rulin... 
My Q and A With Cheri Mah, Who's Helping Top Athletes Elevate Their Game by Getting More Sleep: Top athletes a... 
Powerful Photo Series Shows What It's Like To Be A Rugby Girl: Spanish photographer...Read more ... 
What the SAE Scandal Taught Me About Racism in My State: Living in Oklahoma, it didn't take long for me to hea... 
QB Winston plans on not attending draft: Jameis Winston plans not to attend NFL draft -- source - ESPN...Read ... 
5 Perks of Being an RA: If you're familiar with on-campus housing at colleges, you may have heard of an RA. To... 
Use Rankings, Statistics to Narrow Your Law School Choices: ​I recently discussed the initial stages of puttin... 
Seek Out-of-School Experiences to Help Choose a College Major: ​Out-of-school experiences can be an excellent ... 
The Immigration Debate Is Not About Legality, It's About Culture: The Republican Party has tried in every way ... 
Some Thoughts on What College Presidents Think: Inside Higher Education recently released a summary of its fif... 
High School Teachers Guide Students Into Self-Publishing: In some  high school  classes, teens are becoming pu... 
Future Venue of ACC Tournament Changing: Longtime fans of the ACC Tournament are being left in the wake of the... 
Hurley's Success Makes Him Attractive Candidate: With the University of Buffalo winning the MAC and being in t... 
Why Burning Out Shouldn't Be on Your To-Do List: I remember how weird I felt for sleeping when I was younger. ... 
One Speaker's Thoughts on Campus Litigation, Free Speech and Hostile Environments: Nearly a year ago, I agreed... 
Late Father's Sweet Postcard Makes Its Way To His Son, Almost 8 Years After It Was Sent: A young boy from Colo... 
Drug charges for Mississippi St. WR Wilson: Mississippi State receiver De'Runnya Wilson arrested on drug charg... 
Applying the Lessons of Self-Defense to Anti-Semtism: I have studied  karate for the last 15 and a half years.... 
The Top 10 Community Colleges in America:    A college education is increasingly important in order to get and... 
Harbaughs discuss football's future at clinic: Harbaugh brothers a hit at Michigan football clinic - ESPN...Re... 
Destressing 101: I always thought senior year was supposed to be "the year of fun." Whenever I saw seniors lyi... 
Oklahoma SAE Chapter Considering Lawsuit Against University, Attorney Says: An attorney representing the Unive... 
Why Rejecting Students Based on Nationality Is a Bad Idea for Universities and for the U.S.: The University of... 
My Q and A With Sleep Expert Helene Emsellem, on the Sleep-Focus Connection: Helene Emsellem is one of our lea... 
Private Education Loans Need Practical Reform: The need for creditworthy co-signers is relatively commonplace;... 
Sankey's hope: Build on Slive's SEC legacy: Greg Sankey's challenge now building on Mike Slive's legacy in SEC... 
Washington QB Miles to skip spring practices: Washington Huskies QB Cyler Miles to skip spring practices - ESP... 
D.L. Hughley: Expelling SAE Members 'Doesn't Solve Anything' (VIDEO): The repercussions from...Read more ... 
University Of Washington SAE Accused Of Shouting Racial Slurs At 'Black Lives Matter' Protesters: SEATTLE (AP)... 
Gamma Rho Lambda Becomes University Of Texas At Austin's First LGBT-Inclusive Sorority: A group of University ... 
Laci Green Explains How Disney's Gender Roles Hurt Dudes:  In an interview with Buzzfeed Brews in June 2014, R... 
Liam Neeson Reading A Bedtime Story Might Keep You Up At Night:  Batman Begins explores the origins of the Bat... 
3 Bad Reasons to Get an MBA: There are many reasons why an MBA degree is a great way to turbocharge your caree... 
NHL's Rules Relating to NCAA Players Explained: The myriad of rules contained in the NHL's collective bargaini... 
Ohio State Coach Resigns After Sexual Harassment Complaints: The coach of Ohio State's women's ice hockey team... 
President Obama Reading Mean Tweets Is Your American Dream Come True: Hail to the tweets....Read more ... 
Big 12 ADs favor tiebreak for crowning champ: Big 12 athletic directors favor head-to-head tiebreaker when cro... 
10 Reasons Why College Is Still Exactly Like High School: Remember senior year in high school when everyone wa... 
Why White Straight Males Don't Talk About Privilege: There's a common trend when it comes to discussing sensit... 
Fifty Shades of -- Wow, I'm a Virgin: Christian Grey. Do guys like him even exist? We may never know, but he's... 
Brown Students Don't Trust The School To Fix Sexual Assault Policies: Around 400 Brown University students dem... 
QB Mariota flattered by Kelly's compliment: Marcus Mariota flattered by Chip Kelly compliment, says he's not p... 
These Students Are Changing the Perception of Fraternities and Sororities. Here's How.:    It's been a tough n... 
These 3D Gifs Will Turn Your Brain Inside Out: We have news for you: The GIFs of old are dead. Like, really, r... 
Entitlement Means So Much More to Millennials:    Photo credit:  we love jump  via  photopin   (license)  "Lif... 
Players look to end OU 'culture of exclusivity': Oklahoma Sooners football team condemns racist video - ESPN..... 
The Award-Winning Program That's Kept 1,000 Kids Off Houston Streets: Getting kids into college isn't the poin... 
Join a Virtual Club as an Online Student: While students taking  online classes  may not have access to the ex... 
The Premonition Former NBA Player Jay Williams Had Before His Near-Fatal Motorcycle Accident (VIDEO): Jay Will... 
Save Money With These Scholarships for Graduate School Students: Whether you’re making a career change, enhanc... 
The 'Game Of Thrones' Cast Struggles To Summarize The Show In 30 Seconds:  0  2  4 ... 
Introducing 'Internet Rage,' The Road Rage Of Our Time (But Worse):  You may already be familiar with "sidewal... 
Cards Against Humanity Finally Goes Online; Expect Full Work Stoppage: Cards Against Humanity enthusiasts, rej... 
A TED Talk for the Lost: In most TED talks the speaker is brought to the stage to present the success story of... 
As a Father and as a Man, I Am Disgusted by Curt Schilling's Twitter Trolls: Mike Kasdan pauses The Good Men P... 
Public Shaming on the Internet: The  "Blog Blog Project"  continues in 2015! Here, I post student voices from ... 
James Carville: Bobby Jindal And Louisiana Legislators Are Like 'Dry Humping' Teenagers: In a letter published... 
Johanningmeier, ex-Colorado OL, dies at 38: Ryan Johanningmeier, ex-Colorado Buffaloes lineman, dies at 38 - E... 
CFPB Faults Education Department's Debt Collectors: An undisclosed number of debt collectors working for the U... 
Addressing Disconnect Between Student Skills and Employer Needs: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicens... 
#NotJustSAE: Twitter Responds to Racist OU Fraternity Video: Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity incited a media ha... 
These Hand-Drawn Princesses Redefine Fictional Royalty: Step aside, Disney. Some new princesses are in town, a... 
Forgiven Loans Are Hidden Grants: The Department of Education hosted a rule-making session last week, which wi... 
Rebuilding the American Middle Class by Investing in Adult Education: The phone rings, and a hesitant voice sa... 
San Diego DIY Music Collectives Aren't Going Down Without a Fight:  A lot of things seemed out of place as I w... 
Charles Barkley Says Paying NCAA Athletes Is A Turrible Idea, And Americans Still Agree: Turrrrrrrrrrrible. (A... 
More Than a Drafting Error: Why Scott Walker Is Wrong: Scott Walker, the Wisconsin Governor and Republican Pre... 
Graduate School Loan Borrowers May Face Reduced Forgiveness Options: ​The release of President Barack Obama’s ... 
5 Brilliant Quotes From Women, Illustrated: To celebrate International Women's Day this past Sunday, CNN asked... 
Old Dominion Cashes in with Under Armour: March 2015...Read more ... 
Report: Cal's Scarlett transferring to Stanford: California Golden Bears DE Brennan Scarlett transferring to S... 
Oklahoma Frat Brothers Apologize For Racist Song: A former member of a now-defunct University of Oklahoma frat... 
SAE's Racist Chant Was Not An Isolated Incident: Nationally, the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity is scrambling ... 
Oklahoma scales down stadium renovation: Oklahoma Sooners scale down Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium ... 
Disrupting the Daisy Chain: What Modern Women's Colleges Really Do: Defying the conventional wisdom that it's ... 
The March Is Not Over Yet: A Different Education for the 21st Century: Saturday, March 8, was the 50th anniver... 
Auburn's quarterback job Johnson's to lose: Jeremy Johnson opens spring as Auburn Tigers' QB to beat - ESPN...... 
Why It's So Important That Women Empower Other Women: Women's empowerment starts with how women treat other wo... 
Watch The Real Michael Bolton Screen Test For 'Office Space,' Mmkay? Thanks: Michael ... BOLTON?...Read more ... 
Meyer not close to naming OSU starting QB: Urban Meyer not close to naming Ohio State Buckeyes starting QB as ... 
Finally, A Chart Which Shows You Exactly How To Say Hello To Women: WHAT DO I DO?...Read more ... 
Understand the Value of an Addendum for International Grad Students: International students who may not be fam... 
U.S. News Releases 2016 Best Graduate Schools Rankings: Fewer U.S. citizens are headed to graduate school, and... 
Rhoades Moves from Houston to Mizzou: March 2015...Read more ... 
FSU asks judge to toss Winston accuser suit: Florida State Seminoles ask judge to toss Jameis Winston accuser'... 
Obama To Announce Student Loan Reforms As Education Department Stalls: President Barack Obama on Tuesday will ... 
U.S. News Changes Methodology for Best Law Schools Rankings: For the 2016 edition of the  Best Law Schools  ra... 
MSU's Prescott, teammates assaulted at concert: Mississippi State's Dak Prescott, Damian Williams, Torrey Dale... 
University Of Oklahoma President Verbally Tears Racist Fraternity Chapter To Shreds: University of Oklahoma pr... 
Republicans Enraged By University's American Flag Ban Vow Legislation: Pictured on Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2012. (AP ... 
Oklahoma Football Recruit Jean Delance Decommits One Day After Racist Frat Video Surfaces: An offensive tackle... 
Former Okla. St. player Hill bound over for trial: Tyreek Hill, former Oklahoma State Cowboys player, bound ov... 
Source: CFP committee interested in O'Brien: Ex-coach Tom O'Brien approached about being future member of CFP ... 
QB Garman to transfer, Okla. St. coach says: Daxx Garman, Oklahoma State Cowboys quarterback, to transfer - ES... 
Celebrating 19th-Century American Female Composers:    Six Songs by Clara Kathleen Rogers (1882) Courtesy of C... 
Stoops joins OU protest over racist frat video: Bob Stoops, Oklahoma Sooners football players join on-campus p... 
5 Things You Didn't Know You Could Do During College Visits: College visits are an extremely important part of... 
Pay to stay? Site lets fans donate to athletes: Crowdfunding site called FanAngel allows fans to donate to col... 
Oklahoma Athletes And Coaches Condemn Racist Frat Video, Hold Rally: University of Oklahoma athletes, coaches ... 
MenEngage Video Shows How Old-School Gender Norms Hold Everyone Back:  In an interview with Buzzfeed Brews in ... 
Missouri hires Houston's Rhoades as new AD: Houston athletic director Mack Rhoades - ESPN...Read more ... 
How We Can Overcome the Unacceptable Gaps in Gender Equality: Over the past 20 years, we've seen tremendous pr... 
7 Myths About Online Education: Online education is becoming commonplace. About 5.3 million U.S. students took... 
Sweet Briar: The Crack in the Faberge Egg: The decision by the Board of Trustees of Sweet Briar College to clo... 
3 Questions Parents Should Ask When Vetting Teen Summer Programs: Even though most high schoolers have yet to ... 
Syracuse Sanctioned: The NCAA took aim at Syracuse and in particular the operation of its basketball program i... 
If Wes Anderson Directed An X-Men Movie, It Might Look Like This: Freelance videographer...Read more ... 
For Orange, Plenty of Blame to Go Around: March 2015...Read more ... 
Sources: Houston's Rhoades to be Mizzou AD: Mack Rhoades to become Missouri Tigers athletic director - ESPN...... 
Rationalizing Lunacy: The Intellectual as Servant of the State: Cross-posted with  
Oklahoma Frat Boys Caught Singing 'There Will Never Be A Ni**** In SAE': Video posted online Sunday purports t... 
2 Coast Guard Academy Cadets Killed In Spring Break Crash: NEW LONDON, Conn. (AP) -- Officials at the Coast Gu... 
Maybe When We're Alive: How Life Is Changing For This Gay Man In Alabama:  Last March  , I spent time in Alaba... 
The 'Harry Potter' Cast Had The Most Magical Reunion Ever:  Since appearing as the movies' title character, Da... 
Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Pack On The PDA During Paris Fashion Week: These two are anything but heartless.... 
College Students On 50th Anniversary Pilgrimage To Selma: 'The Story Isn't Dead -- Their Story Is Alive': As t... 
Britney Spears' 'Oops! ... I Did It Again' With No Music Is Even Better Than The Original:  Britney Spears pos... 
Michigan's Harbaugh cameos as A's 1B coach: Jim Harbaugh becomes Oakland A's coach for day in Arizona - ESPN..... 
Dear Men, Stop Telling Me 'Real Women Have Curves': The content of this post may be sensitive to some readers.... 
Hey College Students, Being Smart Is Okay: As I sit here a mere three months away from graduation I have been ... 
U.C. Irvine Student Government Bans National Flags From Campus Areas: March 6 (Reuters) - The student council ... 
Confronting Obstacles to Self-love as a Black Woman: Up until I came to college, I was the token black friend.... 
UCLA's Student Council Tries To Hide Video Of Its Members Questioning A Jewish Student: The Undergraduate Stud... 
Coroner: OSU's Karageorge had concussions: Coroner says Ohio State Buckeye Kosta Karageorge who killed self ha... 
This 2-Minute Test Helps Parents Easily Figure Out If A Child Has A Concussion: A quick and simple test can id... 
Citizens Flock Across America To Selma For Iconic March Anniversary: Saturday marks the 50th anniversary of Bl... 
Lindzen Cites Debunked Science to Defend Denier-for-Hire Soon in 'Wall Street Journal': Richard Lindzen, an MI... 
Proposed illegal man downfield change tabled: Proposed change in Illegal man downfield rule tabled - ESPN...Re... 
Using Body Language to Your Advantage During an Interview: This blog post was written by Intern Queen...Read more ... 
39 Stunning Images Of Women At Work All Over The World:  Yearling | $6.99 | 

"It tackle... 
'The Bachelor With Dogs' Helps One Man Find His Man's Best Friend: Who's a good date?...Read more ... 
Southern Conference Missing Davidson's Fan Base: Davidson's move to the Atlantic 10 has left a gap in the fan ... 
Why It's Time for a Woman to Host a Late Night Talk Show: It would be the understatement of the year to say th... 
Brown University Shuts Down Date Rape Investigation After Botched Lab Results: Brown University in February dr... 
Pop Star Ryan Beatty Shows Off His Moves In An 'Uptown Funk' Jam Sesh:  Bruno Mars performs during the halftim... 
#LeanInTogether And Getty Images Team Up To Show What Fatherhood Actually Looks Like: Stock photos used to ill... 
Teen Dating and the Absence of Communication: Dating in high school can seem like walking through a corn maze ... 
The Starbucks Struggle Is Real For Ariana Grande In Spot-On Parody: Starbucks has no problem...Read more ... 
23 Crazy/Awesome Thrift Store Finds You'd Pretty Much Have To Buy: The thrift store is truly a place where you... 
Student Protestors Block Entrances To UC Santa Cruz: SANTA CRUZ, Calif. (AP) -- Student protesters are blockin... 
#LeanInTogether Wants Men To Support Women In The Fight For Gender Equality:  In an interview with Buzzfeed Br... 
5 Questions First-Time Tax Filers Need to Answer: If you recently entered the "real world," you may soon encou... 
Anthony Davis 'Guarantees' Kentucky's National Title, Talks Kevin Hart And Jameis Winston: When New Orleans dr... 
Instagram Ads Get Cool Interactive Feature, But Regular Users Don't: When Instagram brought advertisements to ... 
It Finally Happened: Maureen Dowd Discovered 'Raunch' Comedy: Middlebrow is a recap of the week in entertainme... 
2016 Best Graduate Schools Preview: Top 10 Engineering Schools: ​Thinking about...Read more ... 
New Baseball is a Homerun: The new flat-seam baseball has resulted in increased offensive production and a jum... 
Impact of Loss of Tax Deduction Explained: March 2015...Read more ... 
Why Going Online Could Cause Girl Scouts' Values to Crumble: It's that time of year again. No, not awards seas... 
Social Media and the Ability to Be: The definition of "social" has changed. You no longer have to be physicall... 
Sagging Pants Does Not Equate to Sagging Values: By Vanessa Lopez-Littleton UCF Forum columnist For years I've... 
Beyond the Classroom, an Education in Making a Difference:    My daughter  Alexandra "Alex" Scott  , the creat... 
Michigan St. WR Kings Jr. arrested again: Michigan State Spartans WR Macgarrett Kings Jr. arrested again for a... 
Does Sweet Briar's Closing Signal the Fate of Other Small Colleges?: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLi... 
Fifty Shades of Destruction to Women and Girls: Recently I watched the premier showing of the highly anticipat... 
Some Recommendations About Recommendation Letters: You scored 5's on all but one of the six AP exams you took ... 
Neil Patrick Harris Doesn't Know If His 'Family Or Soul' Could Take Another Oscars: Though the  87th annual Ac... 
The Problem with Princeton University Bathrooms: A Case of Institutionalized Sexism: Princeton University  fir... 
Advocating for HBCUs: Several blog postings ago, I promised to share my thoughts about what I believe HBCU alu... 
Understand the Consequences of Student Loan Default: ​Recently, the New York Federal Reserve released some  al... 
Streamlining the Community College Transfer Process: As leaders in higher education, our goal is to provide an... 
Decide Between Online, Blended Courses: If you’re thinking of continuing your education, a program combining f... 
College Owner: Greed Is Good:    In an article this week, New York Times reporter Patricia Cohen  described  h... 
The 20 Most Popular Beers Indicate That, Deep Down, Americans Are Frat Boys: Adults...Read more ... 
Limits on Coaching Salaries Could Fund Benefits for Athletes: The extraordinarily high coaching salaries could... 
Cost of Attendance Analyzed Outside the Power 5: Schools and conferences outside the Power 5 are attempting to... 
Zombie Apocalypse Simulator Proves That You Should Leave The City When The Dead Walk: Thanks to Cornell Univer... 
An Interrogation of Our Own Motives: The Terror of Torture: Two years into his thirty-month sentence, former C... 
A Futile Letter from a University of Minnesota Student to Academia: As the volume of students walking through ... 
'Corinthian 15' Student Debt Strike Picks Up Congressional Endorsement: Former for-profit college students who... 
10 Things I Wish I'd Asked During College Visits: This post was written by Alexis Zimmer, a freshman in colleg... 
Why Even Small, Progressive Grinnell College Has Trouble Dealing With Sexual Assault On Campus: O n April 10, ... 
Harbaugh helps two women in car accident: Jim Harbaugh of Michigan Wolverines helps two women in I-94 car acci... 
Non-Resident Enrollment Will Be Capped At UC-Berkeley, UCLA: SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Non-resident enrollment wil... 
Olive Garden's New 'Buy One, Take One' Deal Sends Diners Home With A Free Meal: Research underscores the impor... 
14 Love Notes That Show The Quirkier Side Of Romance: Oh, modern love....Read more ... 
NCAA lifts postseason ban on Idaho football: NCAA lifts ban on postseason play for Idaho Vandals football team... 
Could Lesley Be the First School in Boston to Divest?: Posted on behalf of the student leaders of Fossil Fuel ... 
Pays to be loyal: Texas introduces ticket edge: Texas Longhorns announce loyalty points system for football ti... 
New Cannes Award Called 'The Glass Lion' Created To Honor Work That Challenges Gender Bias: With the support o... 
NCAA preps new academic misconduct rules: New NCAA legislation on academic misconduct in works - ESPN...Read more ... 
Average Penis Size Study Shows 'Normal' Isn't Necessarily What You Thought: What's the...Read more ... 
Campus Debit Cards: Good for You or Your University?: Every year the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFP... 
IHOP Dishes Out Free Pancakes Today, March 3, 2015: Hotcakes, flapjacks, fluffies or...Read more ... 
Elementary Schools Partner With Hospital for 'Mini Med School' Program: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSit... 
Is Hand-Held Literacy Enough?: One of the hot topics in higher education today is having students to BYOD (wha... 
Follow This Playbook for International Student Athletes: ​Sports are a passion for many international students... 
Is Duke Failing Damage Control 101: "It might be a good idea if Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski gives FS... 
Kansas Player Has Own Attorney for Eligibility Issue: March 2015...Read more ... 
Kelly Clarkson And Jimmy Fallon Sing All Your Favorite Duets: "The Tonight Show" just went all "From...Read more ... 
Here Are The Top 10 Part-Time Jobs For 2015: As the country has slowly recovered from the Great Recession in r... 
Lying on the Beach Is Harder Than It Looks: Spring break is upon us and students are migrating south to a gold... 
CUNY Will Refund Thousands Of Tuition Dollars To Immigrants: NEW YORK (AP) -- City University of New York is r... 
SEC commish leery of freshman ineligibility: SEC commissioner Mike Slive leery of making freshman athletes ine... 
Long-Lost Fortress Of Genghis Khan Discovered In Mongolia:  A Catholic priest blesses a grave during a burial ... 
Low-Income Students Choose Closest mdash;But Not Always Best mdash;Colleges: One barrier keeping low-income st... 
Why George W. Bush Should Not March in Selma: On March 7, many in the United States will commemorate the 50th ... 
#VisorToss: Gamecocks' Spurrier on Twitter: Steve Spurrier of South Carolina Gamecocks joins Twitter - ESPN...... 
Rules for spring recruiting: The recruiting rules that rule spring - ESPN...Read more ... 
Taste Test: The Best (And Worst) Brandy To Use In A Sidecar: Few cocktails are as versatile as the Sidecar. It... 
Sanford Jr. among Notre Dame's new hires: Notre Dame Fighting Irish announce four hires to coaching staff - ES... 
Two Years Into My Eating Disorder Recovery, I Still Struggle to Believe People Really Like Me: By Claire Train... 
3 Ways to Boost the Chances of a Late Law School Application: ​As spring approaches, many of the application d... 
'How To Snog Without Getting Hogwarts': Boston University Offers 'Harry Potter'-Themed Sex-Ed Class: Boston Un... 
Substance-Free Housing: Health, Safety, and Respect: My first week at the University of Michigan, I dabbled in... 
Interview: The Vaselines at the Cedar Cultural Center: Recently, I sat down to interview The Vaselines, a Scot... 
Duquesne player Johnson commits suicide: Chris Johnson, Duquesne University football player, commits suicide -... 
UNC starting QB Williams (hip) out for spring: Starting QB Marquise Williams of North Carolina Tar Heels to mi... 
Banning Yik Yak from College Campuses Is Counterproductive:    Efforts to ban Yik Yak from college campuses vi... 
Why Smartphone Use Helps Develop 21st Century Skills in Higher Education: As I lay by the pool, contemplating ... 
Flipping the Way Students (and Professors) Do College: It hit me one day as I sat in my 8 a.m. financial accou... 
A Deadly Assault on Academic Freedom: Recent events in the state of North Carolina pose a serious threat to ac... 
'Adventure Time' Is Being Turned Into A Movie! Oh My Glob!: Mathematical!...Read more ... 
7 'Game Of Thrones' Theories So Crazy They Have To Be True: Warning! This post is dark and full of spoilers! Y... 
Why You Should Leave Home and Experience an Internship in a New Country: This is blog post was written by a fr... 
Anti-Semitism Is A Big Problem At American College Campuses, According To New Report: WASHINGTON (RNS) A stude... 
Tomboy Recalls Being Taken to Gap to 'Fix' Their Gender (VIDEO): I'm From Driftwood...Read more ... 
Education Department Terminates Contracts With Debt Collectors Accused Of Wrongdoing: The U.S. Department of E... 
A&amp;M coordinator Chavis sues LSU over buyout: Texas A&amp;M defensive coordinator John Chavis sues LSU over buyout ... 
Will Forte's Wedding Toast To Seth Meyers Is Wonderfully Inappropriate: Oh, what we would give to have been a ... 
Catching a Catfish on Tinder: The last thing he said before he unmatched me was "You sound like a stalker." He... 
7 Tips for Networking Your Way to Success: This is blog post was written by a friend of the Intern Queen Netwo... 
College Snapchat Accounts Raise Legal Concerns: You take a selfie of your night and send it to your best frien... 
Jimmy Fallon's #EmailFail Tweets Prove Technology Is Hilarious: A recent Gmail glitch caused users to send ema... 
The Tracks of Men's Tears: A few years ago, my family and I went to Yankee Stadium to take in a ball game. Bef... 
Hesburgh, ex-Notre Dame president, dies at 97: Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, former Notre Dame Fighting Irish presid... 
Scott Walker Budget Deletes College Rape Reporting Requirements: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's (R) nearly...Re... 
Financial Aid Guide for Families: By Paula Pant, 
Tummy Pride: By Ellie Herman What caused your eating disorder? It's a question that others ask but also one th... 
Selina Kyle Is Bisexual Says 'Catwoman' Writer Genevieve Valentine: The world of comics has long been known as... 
4 Questions to Ask Before Enrolling in a For-Profit Online Program: Prospective students can be forgiven for w... 
Activist Pens 'A Letter To Young Muslim Girls' Considering Joining ISIS: The Islamic State has run a slick med... 
Rev. Theodore Hesburgh Dead At 97, Former Notre Dame President For 35 Years: SOUTH BEND, Ind. (AP) — The Rev. ... 
Mississippi St.'s Mullen gets extension, raise: Mississippi State coach Dan Mullen receives contract extension... 
What the Keystone Pipeline Means to Millennials:    A Presidential Veto is a momentous event, and President Ob... 
SEC hits LSU with minor recruiting sanctions: LSU Tigers hit with minor recruiting sanctions from SEC - ESPN..... 
From Selma to Ferguson: Keep Hope Alive!: On Sunday John Legend and Common, the writers and performers of the ... 

Big Ten Considers Year of Readiness: The Big Ten continues to review the issue of freshman inelibility which i... 
The Foreign Language Requirement: I was talking to one of my friends at UCLA a few weeks ago over the phone, a... 
The Soul of the Christian University: As nations require a constitution to establish jurisdiction, so religion... 
This Adorable Kate Moss And Cara Delevingne Mini-Me Duo Will Steal Your Heart:  LONDON, ENGLAND - APRIL 09:  C... 
Put This Flowchart On Your Office Fridge And Your Food Will Never Be Stolen Again: Now you have no excuses, of... 
21 Quotes On Womanhood By Female Authors That Totally Nailed It:  Yearling | $6.99 | 

"... 
Catholic School President On A Mission To Designate First 'Compassionate University': (RNS) Since she was inst... 
With Enough Support, Graduation Rates at CUNY Double: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false Us... 
Ineligible Baylor RB sorry, 'I broke the rules': Ineligible Baylor Bears RB Silas Nacita apologizes - ESPN...R... 
Finally, A Lawyer Who Will Stand Up For Victims Of '90s Gushers Fruit Snacks Commercials: If only kids' commer... 
Report: 49ers to bid to host CFP title game: San Francisco 49ers to bid to host college football title game - ... 
How to Rock Your Virtual Internship: This blog post was written by Intern Queen  Campus Ambassador   Cheyenne ... 
Adjunct Professors Protest 'Unstable' Work Conditions With A National Walk-Out Day: As more institutions look ... 
Obama Calls Out America's Dismal Voter Turnout: 'Why Are You Staying Home?': President Barack Obama urged Amer... 
Land of Equal Opportunity? The Power of a Costly Myth: Americans are becoming increasingly aware that our soci... 
UMass Student Sues Police After 'Blarney Blowout' Arrest: BOSTON (AP) -- A University of Massachusetts student... 
NEDAwareness Week: 3 Reasons Why You Should Choose Recovery: The content of this post may be sensitive to some... 
How Coconut Oil Changed My LIfe: We all know how fantastic coconut oil can be for  cooking purposes  . However... 
The Challenges of Transfer Application Essays: College counselors often refer to September-December as the "ap... 
TCU promotes Glasgow, Cross to co-DCs: TCU Horned Frogs promote Chad Glasgow, DeMontie Cross to co-defensive c... 
UC Berkeley Built A Parking Garage Right Where Its Students Play Field Hockey: Athletes on the women's field h... 
My Taxi Driver Reads Chomsky: Reclaiming the Liberal Arts in South Africa: If you have to get lost, I recommen... 
Which are college football's best jobs?: Texas Longhorns, Alabama Crimson Tide lead list of college football's... 
LeBron James Wants College Coaches To Stop Recruiting His 10-Year-Old Son: LeBron James said Tuesday that his ... 
Once-homeless Baylor RB Nacita ruled ineligible: Silas Nacita, Baylor Bears walk-on RB, says NCAA declared him... 
Chris Farley As Matt Foley Will Make You Want To Become A Wisconsin Badger: The University of Wisconsin has on... 
The UnSlut Project's 'Slut: A Documentary' Shows The Devastating Power Of Sexual Bullying: Twelve million peop... 
U-M has 1st spring practice under Harbaugh: Michigan Wolverines have 1st spring practice under Jim Harbaugh - ... 
4 Wesleyan Students Arrested In Molly Overdose: MIDDLETOWN, Conn. (AP) — Four Wesleyan University students wer... 
Ex-Wisconsin player to plead guilty in case: Former Wisconsin Badger Jack Ikegwuonu to plead guilty to charges... 
George Wallace, Rosa Parks, Stokely Carmichael, and the LGBTQ Movement Beyond Marriage: I can't stop thinking ... 
Waitlisted at Your Colleges? Here's What to Do!: Here are some tips that can help if you have been waitlisted ... 
InHerSight Allows Women To Anonymously Rate Past And Present Employers: "We're improving the workplace by meas... 
Don't Ask 'What Can I Do With This Major?': A really smart student of mine who has been getting stellar grades... 
The Visible and the Invisible at the 87th Annual Oscars: On Sunday night, like many of you, I watched the Acad... 
50 Thoughts on 50 Shades: The room was dimly lit and packed full of moviegoers. People had lined up for hours ... 
No. 19 recruit Smith commits to LSU for '16: Saivion Smith commits to LSU Tigers for 2016 - ESPN...Read more ... 
This Record Label Is Completely Dedicated To Fighting Hunger, Homelessness, More:   When Texas native  Jonatha... 
Work Experience Is Overrated: At a recent party, I found myself in a casual conversation with an acquaintance ... 
When It Comes to Affording College, Everyone Deserves a Shot: As I've launched my campaign to represent Ohio i... 
Jimmy Kimmel's Question Prank Confirms No One Watches Oscar-Nominated Movies:  At the 87th annual Academy Awar... 
10 Top Online Graduate Engineering Programs: Boost Your Career With an Online Graduate Degree in Engineering..... 
The Job Description of Today's Athletic Directors: February 2015...Read more ... 
Losses Lead to Ban from Comfortable Locker Room and Lounge: February 2015...Read more ... 
Florida Avoids Penalties for Recruting Violation: The NCAA infractions panel rewarded Florida's action in susp... 
Christina Aguilera's Britney Spears Impression Will Drive You Crazy: Sing it, Christina, one more time....Read... 
21-year-old Eastern Ky. University coed loses 175 pounds in 14 months:    "You're the meaning of my life You'r... 
Former Penn coach Bagnoli hired at Columbia: Columbia Lions hire Al Bagnoli, former Penn Quakers coach - ESPN.... 
Prejudice: A Reflection on Incident of Sureshbhai Patel: Why did being "skinny," "black" or walking in a neigh... 
U-M student tickets to have need-based prices: Michigan Wolverines' student tickets for football, basketball, ... 
Why These Teens Are (Rightfully) Freaking Out About Pentatonix: Pentatonix had the...Read more ... 
Bradley joins UCLA as new DC, source says: UCLA Bruins hire Tom Bradley as defensive coordinator - ESPN Los An... 
Homeless Man's Kind Gesture Inspired Viral Campaign That's Getting People Off The Streets: A woman from the U.... 
An Open Letter to JNCO Jeans: Hello Old Friends, At Last We Meet Again:    photo:  charmar  on flickr. Oh JNCO... 
University Of Oregon Says Sexual Assault Survivor's Lawsuit Will Deter Victims From Reporting: The University ... 
Cracked's Honest Jewelry Commercial Is What Every Jewelry Buyer Needs To See: Spending too much money on somet... 
Time to Divest Harvard From Fossil Fuels: For a week this April, a number of Harvard alumni will return to cam... 
Online Degrees Let Students Tap Their Intellectual, Creative Side: After graduating with a bachelor's degree f... 
Get Answers for Waiting, Wait-Listed Law School Applicants: ​Welcome to the latest installment of Law Admissio... 
5 Perfect Quotes From HBO's 'Girls' Season 4, Episode 6: Here at HuffPost Women, one of the things we love mos... 
11 Wesleyan Students Hospitalized With Symptoms Of Overdosing On Molly: MIDDLETOWN, Conn. (AP) — Wesleyan Univ... 
Harris Wittels Wasn't Scared to Laugh: Harris Wittels died this week. He was a writer and co-producer on NBC's... 
Meet The 12 Youngest Legislators In America (That We Could Find): The  average age of a state legislator  nati... 
$.58 Lombardi sweater auctioned for $43K: Sweater once owned by Vince Lombardi and was bought at Goodwill sell... 
$.58 Lombardi sweater auctioned for $43K: Sweater once owned by Vince Lombardi and was bought at Goodwill sell... 
Prioritizing: Make Your Next Move Your Best Move: This blog post was written by Intern Queen  Campus Ambassado... 
Kevin Bacon Watched 'Footloose' On Netflix To Learn The Dance For 'The Tonight Show': Let's hear it for the bo... 
Winston, Mariota impress with combine throws: Jameis Winston, Marcus Mariota throw passes at NFL scouring comb... 
'True Detective' Season 2 Photos Show Intense Situations And Even More Intense Mustaches: It's sun's out, guns... 
Meningitis Bacteria To Blame For Oregon Student's Death: By Courtney Sherwood...Read more ... 
Second Professor Resigns Due To UMKC Ranking Scandal: KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) -- A second professor has resigned... 
20 Photos Of Pets At Weddings That Are Almost Too Cute For Words: February 20 marks an unofficial and little-k... 
Princeton's Tiger Inn Elects First Female President Following Controversies: Princeton University's Tiger Inn,... 
8 Love Letters That Remind Sexual Assault Survivors They Are Not Alone: "You are not what they took from you."... 
Human Rights Alarmingly Absent in Think Tank Immigration Proposals: The voices in the immigration debate are m... 
Teens Break Down Nick Jonas' 'Jealous' Lyrics In Case You Were Confused:  Nick Jonas arrives at the iHeartRadi... 
What You Don't Know About Concussions: If you think you understand concussions well enough, you are probably w... 
NCAA won't penalize Gators for infraction: NCAA won't penalize Florida Gators for impermissible contact with r... 
McDonald's Shamrock Shake Is Back!: Just as the return of Starbucks'...Read more ... 
Why You Should Really Go To College, In 2 Charts: Some people...Read more ... 
Northern Colleges Recruiting High School Students in Cold and Snow: 44821...Read more ... 
15 Things I'm Embarrassed To Admit I Need From My Future Husband: By Lindsay Tigar for YourTango When it comes... 
Source: NC State extends Doeren into 2019: Dave Doeren, NC State Wolfpack coach, gets contract extension - ESP... 
Here's What Happened After 6 Couples Were Asked To Look Into Each Other's Eyes For 4 Minutes: Six couples....R... 
Face the Challenge of Round 3 Business School Applications: ​Round three is the most competitive one at most  ... 
Could Player Pay Lead to Fewer Teams?: The reallocation of available revenue to compensation for the players m... 
House Democrat Demands Details On Secretive For-Profit Student Debt Forgiveness Scheme: The public is financin... 
Looking for a Conference, N.J.I.T. to Build $100 Million Athletic Facility: N.J.I.T. announced Thursday that i... 
25 Whimsical Wedding Ideas For Disney-Obsessed Couples: There's something undeniably enchanting about Disney, ... 
Big Ten considering ineligibility for freshmen: Big Ten considering ineligibility for freshmen - ESPN...Read more ... 
Maryland promotes LB coach Dudzinski to DC: Maryland Terrapins promote Keith Dudzinski to defensive coordinato... 
Dove And Twitter Launch #SpeakBeautiful To Change The Way We Talk About Beauty Online: Dove is working with Tw... 
A Stunning, Glittery Look At The Impossible Beauty Standards Women Face: In the past, women have defied conven... 
Auburn players accused of harassing veteran: Veteran accuses two Auburn Tigers football players of harassment ... 
Faculty Governance: Review of Locus of Authority: The Evolution of Faculty Roles in the Governance of Higher E... 
Jimmy Kimmel's Latest Fashion Week Test Is The Most Difficult One Yet: New York Fashion Week had it all this s... 
Think Tank Proposes 'College for All' Plan: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false UserType: an... 
DGB: I've matured since Mizzou mistakes: Dorial Green-Beckham regrets mistakes with Missouri Tigers - ESPN...R... 
Students Fight to Keep Affordable College From Becoming Extinct: My family's mantra is as  American as apple p... 
Andrew Lincoln Reveals He Cried Over That Epic 'Walking Dead' Speech: Warning: "Walking Dead" spoilers!...Read... 
Find Scholarships Across the U.S. to Support Low-Income Students: ​Financing a  college  education and keeping... 
Be a Standout U.S. Applicant for European MBA Programs: Prospective  MBA  students who want to get their degre... 
Big 12 Takes the Lead On Stricter Concussion Policy: February 2015...Read more ... 
Different Perspectives on Funding the Cost of Attendance: Schools are taking different approaches to how they ... 
University Of California Postponing Tuition Hike: LOS ANGELES (AP) -- University of California President Janet... 
Alstory Simon Lawsuit Says Northwestern Journalism Professor Coerced False Murder Confession: A man wrongly im... 
Fraternities Might Be 'Scared' Enough To Address Sexual Assault: At San Diego State University,  hundreds of m... 
Nevada Lawmaker Defends 'Young, Hot Little Girls' Comment About Allowing Guns At Colleges: A Nevada state legi... 
3 Tips to Help You Dress for Success: This blog post was written by Intern Queen  Campus Ambassador   Caitlin ... 
Young and Entrepreneurial: Googler and Every Vowel Writer Jon Youshaeif: Young and Entrepreneurial is a series... 
UMass Amherst Reverses Controversial Policy On Iranian Students: The University of Massachusetts Amherst is ba... 
Big 12 sets policy for dealing with concussions: Big 12 reveals league policy for dealing with concussions - E... 
Taylor Swift And Jimmy Fallon Attempt To Draw Each Other, Fail Adorably: As if...Read more ... 
WVU gets probation for recruiting violations: West Virginia Mountaineers athletic department gets 2 years' pro... 
Middle-Schooler Misses Game-Winning Shot Attempt In Brutal Fashion, Realizes Life Is One Long, Cruel Joke: Kid... 
How to Deal When You're Not Invited: Being invited by your friends to different events, whether it's a birthda... 
Find Financial Aid Funding for Apprenticeship Programs: ​As higher education and federal financial aid policy ... 
Some Athletes Underperform in Class to Fit In: February 2015...Read more ... 
Colorado Sues CollegeAmerica for Systematic Deception:  A state court in Denver has just unsealed the  complai... 
2016 Ambitions Seen In Walker's Push For University Cuts In Wisconsin: MADISON, Wis. — Atop a steep hill on th... 
Three Questions High School Juniors Should Ask Themselves: Traditionally, winter of junior year is when the co... 
The Great Scholarship Hunt: How to Save $40K on College: "There are tons of college scholarships out there. Yo... 
Iranian Students Feel 'Betrayed, Excluded, And Threatened' By UMass Policy: Two student groups are decrying an... 
Watch 'The Duff' Stars Bella Thorne And Mae Whitman Test Their Slang Knowledge: It's tough to keep up on all t... 
Ohio State's Elliott will get 2nd wrist surgery: Ezekiel Elliott of Ohio State Buckeyes to have wrist surgery ... 
4 Reasons to Rethink Entrepreneurship Education: The odds for new businesses aren't great. Entrepreneurs face ... 
3 Reasons Why Kentucky Might Not Win The National Championship: John Calipari's Kentucky Wildcats are trying t... 
Lower the Drinking Age Back to 18: We Don't Have Students Teach Each Other to Drive, Why Is Alcohol Different?... 
Ex-Vol Johnson turns self in on rape charge: A.J. Johnson, former Tennessee Volunteers linebacker, turns himse... 
QB Patterson commits to Ole Miss for 2016: QB Shea Patterson commits to Ole Miss Rebels for 2016 season - ESPN... 
Amari Cooper Shows Off His Strength With Clapping Pullups: Clapping pushups...Read more ... 
How to Wear Vintage Clothing Without Looking Like You're Wearing a Costume:    Me, wearing a mix of vintage an... 
The Youthful Mistake Elizabeth Gilbert Will Always Regret (VIDEO): Elizabeth Gilbert has shared her lessons in... 
2016 Best Graduate Schools Rankings Coming Soon: U.S. News will reveal new rankings of graduate schools for...... 
Why Reading On A Screen Is Bad For Critical Thinking: "Think fast!" As kids, that's what we used to say at sch... 
House of Cards: From a Student Journalist's Perspective: Warning: House of Cards spoilers below. A thumping be... 
FBS Games Equal Revenue for Many Schools: Maine's decision to schedule two games against FBS opponents will re... 
How America's Police Forces Are Solving The Crisis Of Mistrust:  The president, police experts, activists and ... 
College Advice from 10 Business Executives and Entrepreneurs: One of the quickest and surest ways to success ... 
Mariota says throwing shoulder feeling good: Marcus Mariota says throwing shoulder feels good ahead of NFL com... 
Let's Give Our Empty Pocket College Kids a Fighting Chance:    I am viscerally offended by the fact that today... 
Why Your Power Nap Is Definitely Worth It: As a college student, I can confidently say that napping is somethi... 
Ultimate ESPN 300: 2015 edition: 2015 Ultimate ESPN 300 Rankings - ESPN...Read more ... 
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Isn't A Movie About BDSM, And That's A Problem: Like its source material, the "Fifty Sh... 
The Clock Is Ticking: How Do You Manage Your Time?: College students live endlessly busy lives. From attending... 
This Is What Happens When You Prioritize Sleep in College: A college student who gets a full night's sleep may... 
Ultimate ESPN 300: The newcomers: Meet the newcomers to the 2015 Ultimate ESPN 300 - ESPN...Read more ... 
Set a 4-Month LSAT Study Plan for 3 Types of Test-Takers: ​Now that the February LSAT has come and gone, many ... 
Take 5 Steps to Find an Internship During High School: ​High
school students are increasingly finding that the... 
Is There a Future for Greek Life?: As American colleges and universities seek to refine, and in many cases reb... 
How High School Teachers, Parents Can Encourage Teens to Read for Fun: Teens aren't reading for fun like they ... 
Could Freshman Ineligiblity Return?: Concerns over the one and done rule have triggered a new and significant ... 
Big Donor is Thought to be Possible Hire at Rutgers: February 2015...Read more ... 
Jack White Writes Open Letter, Says Guacamole Recipe Was An 'Inside Joke':  Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner, and... 
Auburn restores Toomer's Corner oak trees: Auburn Tigers restore Toomer's Corner oak trees - ESPN...Read more ... 
3 Questions When Choosing a College: Are you stressed out over where to go to college? Congratulations! It pro... 
Denzel Valentine Hits A Game-Winning 3-Pointer On Valentine's Day: Sometimes the stories just write themselves... 
The Price Of Sex At USC: At the University of Southern California, sex has a price. In economic terms, it is m... 
5 TED Talks for Encouragement and Motivation: So, when I get stressed or worried, one of my favorite things to... 
Combine invite pulled for fomer Vols LB: NFL withdraws combine invitation for former Tennessee linebacker A.J.... 
Hazards of the 'Me' Culture: You have to feel just a bit of empathy for Brian Williams.  He lied, misrepresent... 
7 Valentine's Day Charts To Help You Break Down The Holiday: Whether you love it, hate it, or just find yourse... 
Hamburger for My Valentine: What do you want for Valentine's Day? Maybe you prefer romantic dinner for two, a ... 
Frequencies: Law of Attraction: So I recently watched a movie called Frequencies on Netflix. My step mom picke... 
Poetry from Princeton: Light...Read more ... 
Everyone Seems to Be Doin' Valentine's Day Wrong: What do you think of when you hear someone talk about Valent... 
UNC pays Duke over $27K for paint cleanup: North Carolina pays Duke more than $27,000 to clean up locker room ... 
How One Designer Is Using 'Role Models Not Runway Models' To Empower Women: While New York Fashion Week featur... 
50 Questions We Had While Watching 'Fifty Shades Of Grey': Watching  "Fifty Shades of Grey"  in a massive thea... 
Illinois tabs ex-Bucs, Bears assistant as DC: Illinois Fighting Illini hire Mike Phair as co-defensive coordin... 
9 Funny Someecards To Keep You Laughing Through Valentine's Day: You can run, but you can't hide. Valentine's ... 
'SNL' Emojis Mean You No Longer Need Words For 'Cowbell,' 'Conehead,' or 'Dick-In-A-Box': Live from your phone... 
Reports Give Snapshot of College- and Career-Readiness Standards Roll Out: Leaders in K-12 and higher educatio... 
Thoughts from Chapel Hill: Violence as a Way of Life: I live on the outskirts of Chapel Hill (across the track... 
Demi Lovato Gives Bae Wilmer Valderrama A Facial In Cheesy Skin Care Infomercial: Demi Lovato's newest gig wil... 
Hilarious 'Fifty Shades Of Bae' Parody Might Just Be Better Than 'Fifty Shades Of Grey': Your bae will see you... 
Roquan Smith picks Georgia instead of UCLA: Roquan Smith chooses Georgia Bulldogs over UCLA Bruins - ESPN...Re... 
Thousands Gather For Funeral Of Slain Muslim Students: RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The fathers of three young Muslims... 
How The Misogynistic Mess That Was 'Who Wants To Marry A Multi-Millionaire?' Inspired 'The Bachelor': Sunday, ... 
What Employers Think of Your Online Master's in Education: When Patricia Samuels finished her bachelor's degre... 
Sorting Is Boring: Computer Science Education Needs to Join the Real World: Every April, we at  Girls Teaching... 
Johnny Cash's Love Letter To June Carter Cash Is One For The Ages: Johnny Cash was one hell of a songwriter --... 
Suspended Tennessee DB Williams indicted: Suspended Tennessee defensive back Michael Williams indicted in rape... 
Activists Reflect On Deaths Of Muslim Students Near UNC, Trend Of Anti-Islamic Sentiment: Three Muslim student... 
Cyclones DL Meyers has Hodgkin's lymphoma: Mitchell Meyers of Iowa State Cyclones diagnosed with Hodgkin's lym... 
ShredYourEx Lets You Destroy Photos Of Your Ex Just In Time For Valentine's Day: Hey, newly single people: If ... 
17 Couples You'd Rather Not Be On Valentine's Day (Or Any Other Day): Is this really what you want?...Read more ... 
When Words Justify Sexism: "Are you a feminist, Jacob?" "Absolutely not." "Why?" "Because I don't believe that... 
What the Data Tells us About 'Free Community College':  A recent report  from the University of Pennsylvania's... 
The Very Real Struggles Of A First Date, Summed Up In One Video: Getting ready for a first date can be stressf... 
What Dudes Think Of Women's Names: Are you a trustworthy Sarah or an intimidating Alexandra?...Read more ... 
Penn State's bowl revenue share restored: Big Ten says Penn State Nittany Lions will receive full bowl revenue... 
45 Ways to Fall in Love Every Day: Falling in love is divine. It's boundless, bewildering, irrational, transce... 
Make a Match With These Valentine's Day-Inspired Scholarships: ​With Valentine’s Day right around the corner, ... 
Online Options to Complete a High School Diploma Limited for Adults:  Angie Velasquez dropped out of high scho... 
'Better Call Saul' Needs To Seriously Rethink How It Treats The Working Class: Middlebrow is a recap of the we... 
FCS coach: Can't be 'a farm system' for FBS: Rob Ash of Montana State Bobcats says FCS programs cannot be 'a f... 
Rebranding Strategy Successful at Syracuse: Syracuse's realization in 2004 that it had ten different logos and... 
Friend Of Slain Muslim Student Deah Barakat: 'He Was Safer In The Conflict Zones': Asid Khan still remembers t... 
Kentucky DE Tubman cleared of rape charge: Kentucky Wildcats DE Lloyd Tubman cleared of rape charge - ESPN...R... 
EWU coach: QB Adams can't prep with Eagles: Vernon Adams can't work out with Eastern Washington prior to Orego... 
5 Considerations For Developing a Millennial Debt Community: Every time I post about my student loan debt thro... 
An Educator Samples the PARCC: Today, I'm trying something new. I've gotten myself onto  the PARCC sample item... 
NCAA to try helmet cams, sideline computers: Helmet cams, sideline computers coming to college football - ESPN... 
9 Hilarious 'SNL' Auditions That You Need To Watch: "Saturday Night Live" celebrates 40 years on the air...Rea... 
Yeah, It's Winter in New England. Chill Out.:    I did it. I wished for this. When it started snowing -- a cou... 
These Are The 3 Young Victims Of The Chapel Hill Shooting: Three members of a Muslim family have died followin... 
Note Taking Apps: The 5 Best Apps For College Students: There are times in college where you don’t want to bri... 
#AlexFromTarget Ditches Target, Breaks Hearts Everywhere: Your chance to get your items scanned by...Read more ... 
Politician: Fire Emmert for Penn State sanctions: Pennsylvania state senator Jake Corman says NCAA should fire... 
Feeling Frantic About the College Admissions Process? Read This!: Although many decisions are made during the ... 
Florida Details New Facilities: Florida's AD describes the fast track building of an indoor practice facility,... 
New Flat Seam Baseball Making a Difference: The decision to change the baseball to a flat seamed design is alr... 
Documents and Testimony to Be Released by Senator Corman: Pennsylvania State Senator Corman has announced that... 
A Trojan Family Divided?: Perusing USC's Yik Yak, you'd see posts about the failing Wi-Fi, if Miley Cyrus (or ... 
What Causes Genocide? A Perspective on Anti-Semitism at UC Davis:    "What causes genocide?" Decades after the... 
Alabama RB Jones suspended indefinitely: Tyren Jones of Alabama Crimson Tide suspended indefinitely - ESPN...R... 
Sources: Packers hire Sooners' Montgomery: Jerry Montgomery leaving Oklahoma Sooners for Green Bay Packers - E... 
Positive Post-It Note Day Sheds Light on a Tragic Year at Appalachian State University: This past month marked... 
Teen With Cancer Missed Meeting His Favorite YouTuber -- Until This Happened:  My Talan. He's a leukemia warri... 
The Subtly Offensive Phrases We Need To Stop Saying: "Oh, you're so pretty for a black girl."...Read more ... 
The Subtly Offensive Phrases We Need To Stop Saying: "Oh, you're so pretty for a black girl."...Read more ... 
An Illustrative Identity of Fashion and Style Throughout African-American History and Movements: Fashion, thro... 
The Fat Shaming Scandal:    Sad, so sad It's a sad, sad situation And it's getting more and more absurd Oh it ... 
Friedgen steps down from Rutgers OC post: Ralph Friedgen steps down as Rutgers Scarlet Knights offensive coord... 
Insecure People Use Facebook More, Science Confirms: Is Facebook posting all shameless attention-seeking? Well... 
Beyoncé's Teen Mini-Me Recreates Impressive '7/11' Music Video: Allow us to introduce...Read more ... 
CM's Top 10 Schools for Cheerleading: By Paulina Jayne Isaac Sociology and Journalism Junior at Temple Univers... 
More Incoming College Freshmen Aspire to Graduate School, Survey Finds: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSit... 
Keys for International Students Considering U.S. Medical Schools: ​Over the past year, I have heard from many ... 
21 Things Every Person Who Loves A Woman Should Know: Knowing how to best show your love -- whether it's for a... 
NIT to Try 30 Second Shot Clock: The NCAA has decided to experiment with a 30 second shot clock for the NIT th... 
Online Comments Lead to Defamation Suit: A Western Michigan University ahtletics donor is suing three individu... 
Okla. St. wants to know who's Texas playcaller: Oklahoma State seeks sworn testimony from Texas Longhorns coac... 
Saint Louis University Students Object To Campus Speech By Ferguson Prosecutor: ST. LOUIS (AP) -- An upcoming ... 
Out of the 'Boat', And Into the Frying Pan: When I was young, friends would always excitedly tell me that I lo... 
UConn hires Verducci as offensive coordinator: Frank Verducci hired as UConn Huskies offensive coordinator - E... 
Ducks' Helfrich gets 5-year, $17.5M extension: Mark Helfrich of Oregon Ducks gets five-year, $17.5M contract e... 
Alumni's Open Letter To 'Princeton Mom': Rape Is Rape: Author and so-called "Princeton Mom" Susan Patton recei... 
Florida AD: Understand Muschamp 'angst': Florida Gators AD Jeremy Foley says he understands 'angst' caused by ... 
My Wishlist for Students: College Is About More Than Grades: I just peeked at a  study about college students ... 
15 Inspiring Stories About Dean Smith That Prove He Was So Much More Than Just 'Michael Jordan's Coach': This ... 
EWU star QB Adams to transfer to Oregon: FCS All-American Vernon Adams to transfer to Oregon Ducks - ESPN...Re... 
My First Duke Game At Cameron Indoor Stadium: DURHAM, N.C. -- The smell of Cameron Indoor Stadium, on the camp... 
Walker's Drafting Error and the Democratic Promise of Executive Function: I spoke on February 5th at a symposi... 
Recruit Jefferson finally faxes LOI to Florida: CeCe Jefferson finally faxes LOI to Florida Gators - ESPN...Re... 
Texas Tech AD to join CFP selection group: College Football Playoff names Texas Tech Red Raiders athletic dire... 
15 Real-Life Valentine's Day Disasters:  For every devoted Valentine's Day fan, there are probably 247 people ... 
17-Year-Old Slays With Revamped Version Of 'Girls Just Want To Have Fun': MTV named Jacquie Lee...Read more ... 
Law Admissions Trends 2015 Applicants Should Know About: ​As regular readers know, Law Admissions Lowdown usua... 
Boyfriend Charged After Freshman Found Dead In Dorm: MILLERSVILLE, Pa. (AP) -- The boyfriend of a student foun... 
Dorms Help Give 2-Year Colleges a 4-Year Feel: ​Dorm living is a rite of passage for students at most four-yea... 
Appeals Court Says NCAA Has to Disclose its Investigative File: February 2015...Read more ... 
How to Be a Virgin at 25: Somehow, you turn 25 and you're a virgin. You live on your own, buy groceries most o... 
5 Perfect Quotes From HBO's 'Girls' Season 4, Episode 4: Here at HuffPost Women, one of the things we love mos... 
Don't Just Go Abroad -- Volunteer Abroad: Ask anyone about their study abroad experience, and they will tell y... 
Central Michigan tabs Lions assistant as HC: Central Michigan Chippewas hire Detroit Lions assistant John Bona... 
UCLA DC Ulbrich leaving team after 1 year: UCLA Bruins defensive coordinator Jeff Ulbrich is leaving the progr... 
Maybe Coin Tosses Aren't Entirely Random After All: The results of a coin toss are random--or so we thought. B... 
These Amazing Instagram Photos Of Finland Will Make You Appreciate Winter:  Pedestrians walk near the canal St... 
Andrew Lincoln Reveals 'Walking Dead' Is About To Get 'Radically Different': Warning: "Walking Dead" spoilers ... 
SpongeBob SquarePants Answers 7 Big Questions And Debunks 1 Popular Theory: Are you ready, kids... for some an... 
Source: OSU nabs ND recruiting coordinator: Ohio State Buckeyes hire Tony Alford, Notre Dame Fighting Irish re... 
Arkansas extends Bielema's deal through '20: Arkansas Razorbacks extend Bret Bielema's contract through 2020 -... 
Joe Biden Stirs 2016 Speculation With Iowa Trip: WASHINGTON -- Vice President Joe Biden will visit the early c... 
10 Ways To Stop Obsessing About Our Bodies: We all tell ourselves in some way, probably every day, that we are... 
College Students Think America Is Almost As Racist As It Was 25 Years Ago: One-fourth of college students say ... 
Financial Sense 301: Making it in The Real World: People used to believe that a college education was the tick... 
Utah St.'s Keeton gets 5th year of eligibility: Utah State Aggies quarterback Chuckie Keeton granted fifth yea... 
Most Millennials Consider Online Flirting To Be Cheating, According To New Survey: Think those winky face emoj... 
Jack White's Agency Blacklists University Of Oklahoma For Publishing His Guacamole Recipe, Contract: Attendees... 
What's Working: All the News That's Fit to Print: There's an old saying in the news business, one that's guide... 
This Is What It Means To 'Lift Like A Girl': "I like to feel strong. I like showing that I...Read more ... 
Villanova Swimmer Ryan Murtha Honored With Chipotle By Teammates After Coming Out: Ryan Murtha grew up a Boy S... 
Tennessee hires DeBord as OC and QB coach: Tennessee Volunteers hire Mike DeBord as offensive coordinator - ES... 
'Neighbors' Sequel In The Works With Seth Rogen And Zac Efron: Seth Rogen and Zac Efron will team up again for... 
Fourth Columbia Student Accuses Paul Nungesser Of Sexual Assault: After months of widespread coverage of sexua... 
Obama Was Breaking Barriers 25 Years Ago Today: President Barack Obama became the first black president 25 yea... 
Beyoncé, Pharrell, Beck Ed Sheeran Best Album Mix Should Win Its Own Grammy: In honor of the upcoming Grammys ... 
Obama Hosts Student, Teacher From Million-Dollar Humans Of New York Campaign At The White House: President Bar... 
Hot Board: First Class of 2016 predictions: Top 50 2016 ESPN 300 Hot Board prospect predictions - ESPN...Read ... 
Evaluate 3 Factors When Comparing Business School Acceptances: ​Receiving an offer of admission from one of yo... 
Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About The 'Game Of Thrones' Dragons: "All that we do is try to make them as... 
Iowa Field Hockey Players File Title IX Complaint: Members of Iowa's field hockey team have filed a Title IX c... 
Business Offers Stand-In Mother For Stressed-Out Students: OK, do not judge....Read more ... 
Kale Used as Promotion: February 2015...Read more ... 
Rece Davis new host of ESPN's 'GameDay': Rece Davis taking over as host of 'College GameDay' - ESPN...Read more ... 
It's Our Turn to Be Generous:    Photo courtesy of 
Your Complete February 2015 Financial To-Do List: It's February! The month when hearts, kisses and huggable st... 
College Freshmen Are More Depressed And Alone Than Ever: College freshmen are spending less time with friends ... 
The Truth About Sluts: "Boys will be boys, and girls will be sluts.” That's how author  Leora Tanenbaum  sums ... 
17 Times Mom And Dad Couldn't Figure Out This Dang Computer: Did Dad just try to...Read more ... 
Illinois receivers coach suspended 1 game: Illinois Fighting Illini receivers coach suspended for 1 game - ESP... 
2 Dead At University Of South Carolina In Apparent Murder-Suicide: The University of South Carolina’s Arnold S... 
How Dearborn Schools Became a Model for America: I woke up this morning to find out I'm the...Read more ... 
Is The New Harper Lee Novel A Mistake?: Author Idolatry And 'Go Set a Watchman': If Twitter can be seen as rep... 
CFP won't budge on semifinal dates for 2015: College Football Playoff won't move semifinal game dates per ESPN... 
Michigan adds QB in Houston transfer O'Korn: John O'Korn transfers to Michigan Wolverines from Houston Cougars... 
Atmosphere of Accountability: There is a growing climate of accountability for colleges and universities all a... 
Savvier Jobs in College: I was invited to preview a new software program designed to help community college st... 
Your Campus on Drugs:  This piece originally appeared in the Yale Daily News .  I am about two-thirds of the w... 
Emotional Well-Being of College Freshmen at All-Time Low Levels, Survey Shows: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: fals... 
Score Big With Scholarships for Student Athletes: ​If you’re a student who plays a sport, you’ve probably imag... 
Global Universities' Reputations Vary Greatly Internationally, Regionally: ​U.S. News is publishing a first-ev... 
Mealworm Tofu Is Now A Reality: Guess we'll go eat worms, and it's not just because nobody likes us. "C-fu," a... 
Study Shows Sluggish Online Learning Growth for Second Year: The number of students taking   online courses   ... 
Jimmy Fallon's 'Saved By The Bell' Reunion Is The Greatest '90s Moment Ever: Mind. Blown....Read more ... 
UVA Student Newspaper Elects Its First Ever All-Female Board: The Cavalier Daily...Read more ... 
TCU defensive coordinator Bumpas retiring: TCU Horned Frogs defensive coordinator Dick Bumpas retiring - ESPN.... 
4 Tips For Building an Emergency Fund: By Jonathan Roisman, 
Vandy evidence seal 'too broad,' advocates say: Sealed Vanderbilt rape case evidence 'too broad,' open-records... 
FAFSA: The Starting Point for Financing College: There are many sources of financial aid available to college-... 
How To Tell If Your Experience Of Sexual Assault Is Valid In One Chart: A lot of time, energy and web space is... 
Freeze: Ole Miss QB Kelly can rewrite story: Hugh Freeze -- Ole Miss Rebels QB Chad Kelly can rewrite story - ... 
Why the President's 529 Proposal Just Didn't Add Up: Approximately two weeks ago, the president announced an e... 
Top recruit Cowart headed to Auburn after all: No. 1 recruit Byron Cowart signs letter of intent with Auburn T... 
If 'Friends' Were Made Today, It'd Be Just A Bunch Of People Looking At Their Phones: "I'll be there for you .... 
Noles withdraw Brian Bell's scholarship offer: Florida State Seminoles withdraw Brian Bell's scholarship offer... 
Rapper's delight: Snoop's son to join UCLA: National Signing Day -- Cordell Broaddus commits to UCLA Bruins - ... 
The Idea Of The 'Perfect Body' Hurts Men, Too: "I'm tired of hearing people analyse -- criticize -- appraise -... 
This Is Every '90s Kids Commercial You Remember, But With One Shocking Twist: The 1990s was a special time for... 
Statewide SAT Testing in Maine Linked to Boost in College Enrollment: A new study indicates that statewide adm... 
Why Relationships Deserve More Than a Cost-Benefit Analysis: "The one who cares the least has the most power,"... 
Online Degrees Can Help Adults Switch Careers: If you are considering pursuing a new career field,  online lea... 
A Girlfriend's Guide to Lasting Friendships: I know many of you out there doubt the meaning and value of girlf... 
Jimmy Fallon Sings With Neil Young As Another Neil Young: Forget searching for a heart of gold. Our lives are ... 
Columbia Gets New AD: February 2015...Read more ... 
Source: Indiana CB Hunter to Oklahoma State: Michael Hunter of Indiana Hoosiers will transfer to Oklahoma Stat... 
QB bond helps make the decision: QB bond through recruiting process helps in final decision - ESPN...Read more ... 
Ohio Program Aims to Expand Equal Access to Dual Enrollment: This fall, Ohio will roll out a new program aimed... 
Sun Belt czar: All conferences need title games: Sun Belt commissioner says all FBS conferences need champions... 
College Students: Start Branding Yourself Now: When you go to the supermarket and pick out your weekly groceri... 
Roll back: Auburn plants new Toomer's oaks: Auburn University announces Toomer's Corner to get new oaks plante... 
These Strangers Share A Lot More Than Just Their 'First Kiss' On Camera: Remember last year's viral "...Read more ... 
Veterans Group Wants Data On Military Service Academies Gender Admission Policies: HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) -- A l... 
OU's Thomas quits baseball, eyes top QB gig: Cody Thomas of Oklahoma Sooners quits baseball to focus on winnin... 
How Super Bowl Hero Malcolm Butler Went From Popeyes Employee To Patriots Star: Tom Brady may have secured the... 
I'm Privileged and I'm Proud: America's War Against the Advantaged: It was over 20 years when my parents migra... 
The Reaction To #LikeAGirl Is Exactly Why It's So Important: Out of all the  controversial ads  that  aired du... 
'To Kill A Mockingbird' Author Harper Lee Is Publishing A Second Novel: Harper Lee, the author of the beloved ... 
The Creators Of J.Lo's 'Boy Next Door' Might Not Know What 'The Iliad' Really Is: High school heart throb, or ... 
The Major Divide: Humanities vs. STEM Majors: "Oh the humanity!" The popularity of Humanities majors is declin... 
10 Top Online Graduate Criminal Justice Programs: Expand Your Horizons With an Online Criminal Justice Degree.... 
10 recruits who could flip in the final week: 10 recruits who could flip in the final week - ESPN...Read more ... 
Jimmy Fallon Recreates 'The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air' With Carlton And Jazzy Jeff: Late night TV just got flipp... 
Tips for International Students Looking to Transfer Schools: ​As an  international student  , school is your h... 
Northwestern AD to Lead DI Council: February 2015...Read more ... 
These Brilliant Tiny Homes Can Be Built In A Day: Anyone who has...Read more ... 
No. 24 in ESPN 300, DE Key, commits to LSU: Arden Key, No. 24 in ESPN 300, commits to LSU Tigers - ESPN...Read... 
Muslim Group Comes Out In Support Of Jewish Fraternity At UC Davis: DAVIS, Calif. (AP) -- While detectives inv... 
Teen Girls Reviewed Super Bowl Commercials And What They Discovered Will Surprise You: Super Bowl commercials ... 
Mentoring: The Missing Link for Many High Achieving Students -- and What to Do About It: Students, what's your... 
Democracy's Education: Stirrings of Change: It seems fitting that yesterday was the 113th birthday of the poet... 
Stacey Dash Still Just as 'Clueless': Former actress Stacey Dash -- or, as I like to call her, the ghost of '9... 
Bryn Mawr Sorry After 'Fat-Shaming' Weight Loss Emails Sent To Students With High BMIs: Bryn Mawr College has ... 
4 Women Wore Hijabs For A Day To See What Life's Like For Some Muslim Women: If you are a woman who chooses to... 
The New York Times They Are A-Changin' Featuring Snapchat and theSkimm: It's no secret that news is changing, ... 
Utah fills out staff; Dennis Erickson promoted: Utah Utes fill both of their vacant coordinator positions - ES... 
Address Academic, Criminal Mistakes With a Law Application Addendum: ​Many applicants find one of the scariest... 
These Valentine's Day Quotes Prove Your Bae Doesn't Have To Be A Person: February is rough -- between the bitt... 
Becoming Intentional About Student Life: If the residential learning experience continues to define a wide ran... 
4 Reasons High Schoolers Should Build Strong Teacher Relationships: ​The average  high school  teacher plays a... 
17 Awesome Valentine's Day Cards For Every BFF In Your Life: Valentine's Day can still be fun whether you're m... 
Here Is What It Was Like To Be A New England Patriots Fan During The Super Bowl: Well, after four crazy quarte... 
Michigan AD: More night football at Big House: Michigan Wolverines AD says there will be more night football a... 
Bryan Cranston Channels Heisenberg In Esurance Commerical: In case you've been wondering what Bryan Cranston's... 
A Seattle Seahawks Fan Apparently Recreated The Team's Logo Using Only Weed:  GLENDALE, AZ - FEBRUARY 01:  The... 
The 2015 Super Bowl Commercials You Need To See: For the not-so-sports-obsessed people out there, Super Bowl X... 
Teacher Regulations Worthy of George Orwell: Who will remain to teach the nation's schoolchildren when the U.S... 
Former TCU star Fields commits to Louisville: Devonte Fields, former TCU Horned Frogs DE, commits to Louisvill... 
We Asked 25 Psychics Across The Country To Predict Who Will Win The Super Bowl:  The award-winning star of sta... 
L'ville to make Grantham among richest DCs: Louisville Cardinals reward defensive coordinator Todd Grantham fo... 
How To Stream The Super Bowl For Free Online In 2015: It’s Super Bowl Sunday, and you are frantically searchin... 
Ohio State lowers ticket cost for two games: Ohio State Buckeyes lower ticket price for two nonconference game... 
Here's What 'Game Of Thrones' Star Maisie Williams' 'Most Difficult' Scene Could Be:  0  2  4 ... 
Here's Everything You Need to Know About What's Going on With Bruce Jenner in One Sentence: No matter how many... 
7 Things You Should Never Say To A Woman Who Loves Football: This post originally appeared on  Bustle  . By  R... 
Why Your Twenties Don't Immediately Make You an Adult: On the morning of my 13th birthday, I expected to wake ... 
Yes, an Unpaid Internship Is a Job: College is an interesting time in a young person's life. You're pretty muc... 
Financial Sense 201: Going Beyond the Classroom and Making Smart Financial Choices Now: Tom Hanks said, "While... 
7 Annoying People You Should Never Invite To Your Super Bowl Party: We all know people who no one seems to wan... 
McCain: Time to talk legalizing sports betting: Sen. John McCain says Congress needs to hold hearings to discu... 
Dartmouth and Women: What's Changed?: Janis Joplin, patron saint of every girl who ended up with a guy because... 
Missouri AD grateful, regretful in stepping down: Mike Alden, Missouri Tigers AD, discusses decision to retire... 
20 Banned Super Bowl Commercials That Never Made It To, Well, The Super Bowl: What’s the one thing people like... 
Inside a Top Fraternity: When I first entered college, I decided to go Greek. I did not do so because I though... 
Marshawn Lynch and Richard Sherman Are Black Heroes: There are few words more insidious to me than the word "t... 
College Board Shares PSAT Results With Scholarship Providers: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: ... 
5 Ways To Improve Your Odds Of Living Happily Ever After: By  Thomas G. Fiffer  Marriage has one of the highes... 
7 Biggest Problems of Reverse Culture Shock:    Reverse culture shock, re-entry shock, re-whatever-you-want-to... 
School Counselor of the Year to Be Honored at White House: Making good on first lady Michelle Obama's promise ... 
Map: Colleges That Award the Most Students Merit Aid: Cost is one of the most important factors for prospectiv... 
New Judge for Scholarship Case: The federal judge in Indiana overseeing an antitrust challenge to the NCAA's p... 
The Most Popular Places To Study Abroad By State:  A snow-covered fountain at the Place de la Concorde.

(MIGU... 
NCAA Sanctions Wichita State Baseball: January 2015...Read more ... 
No. 1 QB Murray stays with A&amp;M after UT visit: No. 1 QB Kyler Murray picks Texas A&amp;M Aggies after Austin visit... 
25 Financial Terms Everyone Should Know: Do you know your AGI from your ARM from your PMI? Or does the mere me... 
UVA Sororities Stick To Hated Ban On This Weekend's Frat Parties: National offices for 16 sororities on Thursd... 
Who Will Win Super Bowl XLIX: A Showdown In Energy Efficiency Between New England And Seattle: Who's to say wh... 
Inspiring a World of Good through Early Childhood Education in Singapore: This year, Singapore celebrates its ... 
Seahawks Sherman, Bennett rip 'scam' NCAA: Richard Sherman, Michael Bennett of Seattle Seahawks bash NCAA - ES... 
Watch YouTube Stars Read Mean Comments About Themselves For #MakeItHappy Campaign: Anyone who watches YouTube ... 
Former PSU player Taliaferro now lawmaker: Former Penn State player Adam Taliaferro now a New Jersey legislato... 
You Can't Unsee How Justin Bieber's Calvin Klein Ad Looked 'Before' Photoshop: Photoshop: taking celebrity bea... 
Drew Brees Accidentally Hitting The Lights On 'Conan' Pretty Much Proves Deflategate: Drew Brees...Read more ... 
Academic Misconduct Is On The Rise In College Athletics, NCAA Says: The head of NCAA enforcement says academic... 
How It Really Feels To Be An 'Unintentional Virgin' In Your 20s And 30s: K atherine, 25, grew up in a conserva... 
How To Be As Fierce As Olivia Pope In 5 Simple Steps: We could all learn a thing or two (or 12) from televisio... 
A Blueprint for Middle-Class Economics: America's resurgence is real. With a growing economy, shrinking defici... 
Scholarships to Help International Students Afford U.S. Colleges: ​American...Read more ... 
Penn State Task Force Calls For Disclosure Of Sexual Assault Punishments: Penn State University should reveal ... 
Donation for Softball Complex at Southern Arkansas: Murphy USA, a company with 60% female employees, has donat... 
Nickname Controversy Revisited: The NCAA's perceived lack of and changing standard on Native American related ... 
Academic Misconduct Investigations Discussed: The NCAA Enforcement Chief discussed the higher number of academ... 
Leadership Decision-Making: Lessons From a Blizzard: After a blizzard moved up the East Coast earlier this wee... 
Penn State president: Freeh report 'not useful': Penn State president says Freeh report on Sandusky scandal 'n... 
Grantham opts to stay at L'ville over Raiders: Todd Grantham to remain Louisville Cardinals defensive coordina... 
Snapchat As You Knew It Is Gone: One of the...Read more ... 
Fisher's deal with FSU has significant buyout: Florida State Seminoles coach Jimbo Fisher has significant buyo... 
J.R. Smith Just Said Some Stuff Every New Yorker Is Going To Really Relate To: New York City is fun as hell...... 
YouTuber Jack Harries Gets Serious About Mental Illness: 'We Sweep It Under The Rug': Thanks to trending topic... 
Now That Starbucks Delivers, You Don't Have To Leave The Office. EVER.: Soon it will all be intravenous....Rea... 
Report: EKU player hurt in fight with Wildcats: Colton Scurry of Eastern Kentucky Colonels injured after fight... 
CFP group to discuss Navy's bowl eligibility: Navy Midshipmen eligibility for bowl to be discussed by College ... 
Former UNC Athlete Says He's Suing School To Protect Athletes' Education: RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — One of two ex-U... 
Former UNC Athlete Says He's Suing School To Protect Athletes' Education: RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — One of two ex-U... 
Luginbill: 10 commits that will impact playoff: 10 commits that will impact 2015 College Football Playoff - ES... 
No Standard Basketball in NCAA Regular Season: For home games the host school selects its respective brand for... 
Title IX and Compensation: In an interview with Jared Anderson appearing in Swim Swam, Nancy Hogshead-Makar ex... 
Coming Home, Whatever That Means: "Ladies and gentlemen, please stow your tray tables. We are now arriving in ... 
Community Civility and a Response to the Controversy Over The Vagina Monologues at Mount Holyoke: I'd like to ... 
Two ex-Vanderbilt players convicted of rape: Jury finds ex-Vanderbilt football players Brandon Vandenburg, Cor... 
Teens Take To Twitter In Response To Underwhelming #Snowmageddon: After hunkering down for what became known a... 
West Virginia Fraternity Pledge Who Died Had A 0.49 Blood Alcohol Level: Nolan Burch, 18, died as a pledge dur... 
This Chilling PSA Will Be The First To Ever Address Domestic Violence During The Super Bowl: This Sunday, for ... 
My Advice to the Class of 2015: When I was asked to do a post on what my advice would be to college grads abou... 
Plus-Size Model Tess Holliday Wants To #EffYourBeautyStandards: Plus-size model and body-love activist...Read ... 
This App Identifies Your Most Toxic Friends: There are apps to track your sleep, your steps, and your pets, bu... 
Attorney: Ex-Vandy player only took photos: Attorney says Brandon Vandenburg, formerly of Vanderbilt Commodore... 
The In-Betweeners: It was different for our parents. My own parents' story is that of a generation -- after hi... 
High School Senior Asks Selena Gomez To Prom In Epic Lip Sync Video: Prom has long been known as a night to re... 
Keys to Academic Improvement as a U.S. College Student: ​It is not easy for  international students  to stay  ... 
Mississippi College to Offer Study Abroad Program to Cuba: The University of Southern Mississippi is now offer... 
Coaching Contracts Get Cut from Guarantee Games: An innovative approach to the financial inability to directly... 
Male Victims Of Campus Sexual Assault Speak Out‘We're Up Against A System That's Not Designed To Help Us': Not... 
Football Considers December Signing Day: A proposal is being considered that would allow schools to officially... 
Clinton Foundation To Help Make Anti-Overdose Drug Much More Affordable: INDIAN WELLS, Calif. -- Naloxone, a m... 
6 Michigan Fraternities, Sororities Suspended For Ski Resort Vandalism: Six University of Michigan Greek organ... 
Gay, Closeted, and Heartbroken in Morocco (VIDEO): I'm From Driftwood...Read more ... 
NDSU extends Klieman through 2021 season: North Dakota State coach Chris Klieman signs 2-year contract extensi... 
Fostering Entrepreneurism at a Young Age Through Education: Can you teach someone to be an entrepreneur, or ar... 
Univ. of Maryland Surprises a Few New Admits with In-Person Acceptance News: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false ... 
Arkansas' Long re-elected as CFP chairman: Arkansas Razorbacks athletic director Jeff Long re-elected as chair... 
Jerusalem: To Be No Longer Welcome: I am asked if I have ever been, and I must take a moment to remember. I ta... 
UCF builds beach club inside football stadium: UCF Knights build beach club inside football stadium - ESPN...R... 
Tom DeLonge Leaves Blink-182: As first reported by 
Update to Florida Tech's 2015 Best Online Programs Ranking: Robert Morse...Read more ... 
CFP officials won't budge on semis, title dates: College Football Playoff officials won't budge on semifinal, ... 
Ex-Vandy player: Drunk, don't recall assault: Vanderbilt Commodores rape case defendant Corey Batey testifies ... 
Here's One Reason Why You Shouldn't Keep Your Eyes Closed In Yoga Class: Open your eyes, people!...Read more ... 
How Will We Shape America?: News in America these past few months has been troubling at best. Men raping women... 
UNC, Wake Forest agree to non-ACC series: ACC rivals North Carolina Tar Heels, Wake Forest Demon Deacons agree... 
Show Law Schools Interest, Share LSAT Scores in Later Applications: ​Welcome to the latest installment of Law ... 
Foster Civil Discourse in High School Civics Classes: High school civics classes are making a comeback and alo... 
NCAA Rules on Football Inflation Reviewed: January 2015...Read more ... 
Assessment of Reasons for Andersen's Move from Wisconsin to Oregon State: The admissions standards at Wisconsi... 
I Am a Muslim and My First Trip Abroad Aas to Israel: I always expected to travel to the Indian sub-continent,... 
Legal Marijuana Is The Fastest-Growing Industry In The U.S.: Report: Legal marijuana is the fastest-growing in... 
Winston's accuser goes public in documentary: Jameis Winston accuser speaks publicly for first time since her ... 
States Want More Campus Rape Reports Sent To Police, But Survivors Feel Differently: Several states are consid... 
Robert Morris University Offers Sports Scholarships In Video Gaming: For students who love video games, life c... 
Jaime Castano's Lawyer: Prosecution Can't Prove Woman Didn't Want To Be Set On Fire: Jaime Castano is accused ... 
Fake Colleges Attract Attention From Federal Investigators: SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- From her hometown in India i... 
Lena Dunham Dings Woody Allen, Discusses Campus Rape At Sundance:  PARK CITY, UT - JANUARY 23: Actor Brad Pitt... 
CFES Looking to Help Five Low-Income Schools: A national nonprofit, College For Every Student (CFES), ­­is sea... 
CFES Looking to Help Five Low-Income Schools: A national nonprofit, College For Every Student (CFES), ­­is sea... 
Abdullah leads North by South in Senior Bowl: Ameer Abdullah of Nebraska Cornhuskers leads North over South in... 
Ohio St. celebrates title in front of 45K fans: Ohio State Buckeyes celebrate their title at Ohio Stadium - ES... 
Fox News Raises Alarm Over College Course About Race: Fox News is raising alarm bells over an  Arizona college... 
6 Reasons I'm Thankful You Fired Me: "Today will be your last day." These words randomly emerged from the rece... 
Kiffin to remain Alabama OC, turn down NFL: Lane Kiffin to remain offensive coordinator of Alabama Crimson Tid... 
This ‘Wheel Of Fortune' Contestant Forgot How The Game Works, Keeps Guessing Wrong Answer: "It's not 'The Poin... 
The Misery Of Facebook Stalking Distilled In Spot-On College Humor Music Video: Facebook stalking...Read more ... 
This Magnificent Snow Penis Was Just Too Edgy For Society, Man (VIDEO): This is the Alamo of Texas Tech....Rea... 
Best Tweets: What Women Said On Twitter This Week:  The "Orange Is The New Black" star was the first transgend... 
30 Different Ways To Tie A Tie That Every Man Should Know: The following blog is an excerpt from a feature ori... 
#CurlPower Hashtag Encourages Women To Put Down The Flat Iron Embrace Their Curly Hair: Earlier this week, Dov... 
Should Black Athletes Attend the University of Michigan?: No. In November 2006 the voters of Michigan passed a... 
Irish's Hardy to transfer after academic inquiry: Eilar Hardy transfer request granted by Notre Dame Fighting ... 
Officials ask judge to dismiss suit vs. Penn St.: Officials file to dismiss lawsuit against Penn State, NCAA -... 
Why Americans Struggle So Much With Overwork And Burnout: Americans are notorious for working long hours witho... 
On a Couch With a Dog: Lessons, Love, and Loss: It seems that despite the difficult year that 2014 turned out ... 
Adjuncts Are Underpaid, And This Group Wants To Help Cover Their Bills: Brianne Bolin received an unexpected p... 
Forget Tinder, 'Watchr' App Matches You Up Based On What TV Shows You Binge-Watch: Is your chance of finding l... 
Ex-Iowa St. WR charged with domestic assault: P.J. Harris, former Iowa State Cyclones wide receiver charged wi... 
Ramen Fried Chicken Is Here, And It's What We've Been Waiting For: Think you can't...Read more ... 
Why 'The Vagina Monologues' Isn't Exclusive To Women:  Why is this still such a dirty word for women? For men ... 
5 Reasons Why College Girlfriends Rock: I find it amazing that we spent four years together from (the ages of ... 
American Sniper and the Fetishization of Patriotism: Warning: the following article contains minor spoilers fo... 
6 Signs of a Bad Online Instructor:  Online students  have more choices
than ever. About 5.4 million students,... 
This Is What Masculinity Really Means To Men:  In an interview with Buzzfeed Brews in June 2014, Radcliffe dis... 
For Liberal Arts Colleges, Enrolling Minority Students Still a Challenge: At top-ranked  liberal arts colleges... 
A Third Generation Duke Alumnus' Response to Franklin Graham:  Last week Franklin Graham the evangelical heir ... 
The Is The Ultimate Routine For A Perfect Work Day: You might think the perfect workday includes a promotion o... 
This Powerful Slam Poem Will Turn You Into A 'Yes' Person: "How many times have you told yourself 'no'?"...Rea... 
Several Michigan Fraternities, Sororities Accused Of Totally Trashing Two Ski Resorts: Several fraternities an... 
The 9 Best Things That Happened When YouTube Stars Interviewed President Obama: Most reporters don't have mill... 
5 Financial Habits You Should Adopt When You're Young: How you handle your money early on in life -- from bein... 
Texas judge dismisses UT coach's suit vs. OSU: Texas judge rules against Texas Longhorns assistant coach Joe W... 
University Attempts To Woo Prospective Students With People Making Out In The Library: College is all about bo... 
America Is Ready For Gay Professional Athletes: Poll: Every time you witness homophobic bigotry on the Interne... 
Ole Miss players Elston, Stringfellow arrested: Mississippi Rebels players Trae Elston, Damore'ea Stringfellow... 
Sororities Don't See Their Alcohol Policies Changing As Colleges Try To Fix Greek Life: When Lindsey Bond was ... 
Comedy 'Should Never Be Cool' Says Colin Quinn In New Web Series 'This Is Stand Up': Comedy is becoming kind o... 
Sources: Bajakian leaves Vols, mulls options: Offensive coordinator Mike Bajakian leaving Tennessee Volunteers... 
Bill Gates Makes Bold Bet About Poverty, And Tech Plays A Big Role: Technological advances will drastically ch... 
Ron Brown joins Pelini at Youngstown State: Bo Pelini of Youngstown State hires longtime Nebraska Cornhuskers ... 
The United Nations of X Games:    Shred. Big air. Gnarly alley-oop backside rodeo nosegrab. Yeah, the Winter X... 
The Cuban and U.S. Revolutions: A New World Series?: As Raul Castro absorbs the effects of the December 17 th ... 
Explore Scholarships for Students With Unusual College Majors: ​When people ask about your major or what you w... 
Making the Most of Your Senior Year in College: In my Huffington Post articles on Higher Education, I have bee... 
11 Cities You Must Backpack At Least Once: There are almost too many  must-see cities  in the world -- and the... 
Former Iowa, Utah coach Nagel dies at 87: Former Iowa Hawkeyes, Utah Utes coach Ray Nagel dies at 87 - ESPN...... 
Rice University Student Turns His Dorm Room Into A Ball Pit (VIDEO): By now, you’ve probably heard every reaso... 
Instagram Admits They 'Don't Always Get It Right' When It Comes To Nudity: Instagram just got a little bit saf... 
Our Economy Is Growing '90s Fast, So The State Of The Union Set To A '90s Sitcom Audience Just Makes Sense: Ba... 
Gordon thanks Wisconsin fans before draft: Melvin Gordon thanks Wisconsin Badgers fans before turning to draft... 
19 Taylor Swift Fans Just Cracked Eggs On Their Heads Because Taylor Swift: In today's edition of "Taylor Swif... 
Briles: OSU barely beat Baylor in CFP vote: Art Briles says Ohio State Buckeyes barely edged Baylor Bears in C... 
The NCAA did WHAT?: Penn State! Again?! I thought we were making progress. I really thought that the culture h... 
Dawgs' Richt agrees to extension through '19: Mark Richt agrees to two-year extension, raise with Georgia Bull... 
Sleeping Bag That Turns Into Tent Could Help Homeless People This Winter: Homeless people are at risk of...Rea... 
Jerry Jones donates $10.6M to Razorbacks: Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones gives $10.65 million to Arkansas Ra... 
The First English Word I Learned Was 'Loser': We believe your college essay is more than just a Word document ... 
Carrying Their Weight: Giving Voice to Survivors of Campus Sexual Assault: Last night at the President's State... 
Cards' Campbell gives record $1.6M to Canes: Calais Campbell of Arizona Cardinals makes record donation to Mia... 
Florida to build $15M indoor practice facility: Florida Gators unveil plans for $15M indoor practice facility ... 
NCAA to Change its Ways on Pot Testing: After two players for the championship-losing University of Oregon foo... 
How Transferring Schools Can Affect Student Loans: ​If you’re planning on switching schools, there are likely ... 
The 8 Players of Cards of Humanity: You're hanging out with a group of friends or family when someone suggests... 
Choose the Right Online IT Training: When it comes
to choosing an online information technology program, there... 
Nicholas Dirks, Chancellor Of Berkeley: 'Education Is Not About Making People Feel Comfortable': Nicholas Dirk... 
National Universities Where the Most Accepted Students Enroll: School (state) Students accepted Students who e... 
Everything You Need To Know About Getting An IUD:  If you've considered birth control over the past few years,... 
Louisville Inks Extension with Adidas: Louisville's contract extension with Adidas contains significant benefi... 
Obama Omits College Sexual Assault From State Of The Union Address: President Barack Obama didn't mention coll... 
Note to Self: 4 Reminders as My Child Heads into College Auditions: My youngest daughter set off on her very f... 
Duke University Suspends Fraternity Over Rape Allegation: DURHAM, N.C. (AP) -- Duke University says it has sus... 
Guy Live Blogs His Wife's Affair On Reddit And It's Better Than A Soap Opera: A married man had Reddit captiva... 
Elders Around The World Share The One Piece Of Advice They'd Give Younger People: The best advice really is th... 
Kshama Sawant Set To Deliver Socialist Rebuttal To Obama's State Of The Union Address: For the second consecut... 
5 Alternatives to a Traditional College Education:    With the rising student loan debt burden many are beginn... 
Ex-Vandy player testifies against defendants: Ex-Vanderbilt football player testifies against former teammates... 
South Korean Girls Try American Snacks, Are Promptly Grossed Out: Goldfish crackers, Pop-Tarts and Cheez-Its a... 
Crabtree: 2015 recruiter power rankings -- Jan. 20 update: 2015 recruiter power rankings January edition - ESP... 
Is The Stereotype That 'Women Can't Be Geniuses' Causing Gender Gaps?: By: Bahar Gholipour Published: 01/16/20... 
ESPN's #CFBrank: Who just missed the cut: Derrick Henry, Darron Lee headline players who just missed #CFBrank ... 
Harbaugh hires son as Michigan assistant: Jim Harbaugh's son, Jay Harbaugh, joins Michigan Wolverines staff - ... 
Why You Shouldn't Set Your Heart On Your 'Dream' School: If you had asked me what my dream college was when I ... 
These Pin-Up Photos From 'Shameless Photography' Show That Every Body Is Gorgeous: Anyone can be a gorgeous, g... 
Glimpse at a Career as a Physician Consultant: ​Physician consultants improve the human condition at the macro... 
7 Secrets For Building Unstoppable Confidence: Building true confidence is a gradual process....Read more ... 
11 Reasons You Should Keep Feeding Your Cheese Obsession: Since January 20 is National Cheese Lover's Day, you... 
Kentucky Selects UBU Sports Synthetic Turf: The Wildcats have selected UBU Sports Synthetic Turf as its new su... 
Ex-Buckeyes DE Spence to Eastern Kentucky: Ex-Ohio State Buckeyes DE Noah Spence transferring to Eastern Kentu... 
Brown University Says 2 Fraternities 'Facilitated' Sexual Misconduct: PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — Brown University... 
Committee suggests December signing frame: NCAA committee recommends 72-hour early signing period in December ... 
Making Sense of Selma: This year the Oscar nominees were announced on January 15, which happens to be the actu... 
'SNL' Shows How Different 'The Wire' Would Be If Set In Brooklyn: On this weekend's...Read more ... 
Review of The Girl from Human Street by Roger Cohen: 'Jews learn selectively from the past," writes Roger Cohe... 
Are We Prepared for President Obama's Free Community Colleges?: Earlier this month, President Obama proposed r... 
Tony Verna, inventor of TV instant replay, dies: Tony Verna, inventor of TV instant replay, dies - ESPN...Read... 
Tar Heels bring Chizik aboard to fix defense: Gene Chizik hired as defensive coordinator of North Carolina Tar... 
How Plate Tectonics Works, In Two-And-A-Half Minutes. You're Welcome.: An illustration of an ocean plate bendi... 
Master LSAT Conclusion, Role Questions With Argument Strategies: Most  LSAT prep  programs focus on question t... 
Master The College Video Admissions Interview With These Tips: ​An increasing number of  colleges and universi... 
Utah College Returns Pro-Confederate Statue To Artist: ST. GEORGE, Utah (AP) -- A controversial bronze statue ... 
5 Perfect Quotes From HBO's 'Girls' Season 4, Episode 2: Here at HuffPost Women, one of the things we love mos... 
Univ. of Virginia Legal Costs Mount After Discredited Rape Story: RICHMOND, Va., (Reuters) - The costs to the ... 
NFL Hall Of Famer Mike Ditka: I Wouldn't Want My Child To Play Football: Former NFL player and coach Mike Ditk... 
QB Rivers gets release, to transfer from Vandy: Stephen Rivers to transfer from Vanderbilt Commodores - ESPN..... 
Sources: Kiffin front-runner to be 49ers' OC: Lane Kiffin front-runner to be San Francisco 49ers' OC - ESPN...... 
Cuomo Wants 'Yes Means Yes' Law For Private Colleges In New York: NEW YORK (AP) -- A "yes means yes" provision... 
University Of California Ties Coach Bonuses To Academic Performance: SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- The academic perfor... 
East's Kloss (4 FGs) leads Shrine Classic win: Taylor Kloss' four field goals propel East to win in East-West ... 
Azusa Pacific's Watson stars in Collegiate Bowl: Terrell Watson of Azusa Pacific stars in NFLPA Collegiate Bow... 
Power 5 OK NCAA attendance cost measure: Power 5 conferences pass cost-of-attendance measure as NCAA autonomy ... 
What Martin Luther King, Jr. Was Like In College (VIDEO): Martin Luther King, Jr. is one of the most important... 
Keith Olbermann Not Exactly Thrilled NCAA Giving Penn State Football Its Wins Back: Penn State and the NCAA ha... 
Duke Muslims And Non-Muslims Join For Call To Prayer: DURHAM, N.C. (RNS) In the end, the Muslim call to prayer... 
Teens Take Politicians To Court Over Climate Change: For politicians who fail to act on climate change, Kelsey... 
Bowden praises decision, happy to be No. 2: Bobby Bowden happy about NCAA's settlement with Penn State Nittany... 
Red River reversal: UT hires ex-OU assistant: Texas Longhorns hire former Oklahoma Sooners assistant Jay Norve... 
Utah, coach Whittingham agree to 4-yr deal: Utah Utes, head coach Kyle Whittingham agree on terms of 4-year de... 
Penn State Wins Restored: Penn State Wins Restored - ESPN Video - ESPN...Read more ... 
All UVA Fraternities Agree To New Party Rules After Rape Story: CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Two fraternities t... 
Being a Person Who Stutters Shouldn't Hold You Back When Pursuing a Career: I didn't know what to think when I... 
Student-athletes have seat at Power 5 table: 15 student-athlete representatives to sit on 80-member NCAA votin... 
Spurrier admits he considered calling it quits: Steve Spurrier of South Carolina Gamecocks says he's still got... 
This Sorority's Pre-Rush Week Beauty Standards Are Pure Madness: Spanx. Gel nail polish. Non-"emo" hair....Rea... 
Scholarship Program Urges 7th Graders to Take Massive Open Online Courses: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false Is... 
Mount Holyoke Cancels 'Vagina Monologues' For Not Being Inclusive Enough: Mount Holyoke College, an all-women'... 
Proposed NCAA Deal Would Restore Wins For Joe Paterno, Penn State: STATE COLLEGE, Pa. (AP) — The NCAA on Frida... 
Paterno's 111 vacated wins to be restored: Joe Paterno's 111 wins that were vacated will be restored - ESPN...... 
8 Celebrities On Dealing With Their 'Awkward Phase': It's a universally acknowledged truth that growing up is ... 
Social Media Might Actually Help Women Deal With Stress: By: Elizabeth Palermo, LiveScience Staff Writer Publi... 
We Ate and Ranked Every Hot Pocket: By:  Andy Kryza  Hot Pockets are a lot of things to a lot of people. They'... 
Marcus Mariota's 4th-Grade Teacher Tried To Talk Him Out Of His NFL Dreams: NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 13:  Orego... 
Giving Athletes a Voice: January 2015...Read more ... 
What to Expect Out of an Online Graduate Program in Criminal Justice: If shows like "Homeland" and "NCIS" make... 
Helicopter Parenting by the Govenor of California:  We are on the brink of a "Yes Means Yes" revolution. In th... 
TCU Talks Pay and Title IX: TCU was recently discussing the practical effect of the O'Bannon decision and the ... 
Emmert: Trying to ensure college sports endure: Mark Emmert addresses autonomy, challenges in opening NCAA con... 
Duke Cancels Muslim Call To Prayer From Chapel Tower: DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Days after announcing that a Muslim ... 
Your 12-Month Guide to Staying on the Right Financial Track in 2015: Ah, January -- the time when we reminisce... 
Fraternity Booted Off San Diego State Campus Denies Harassing Anti-Rape Activists: Members of a  fraternity ki... 
UCB's 'Catchy' Trailer Shows The Real Danger Of Songs That Get Stuck In Your Head: Friends don't let friends g... 
After 3 starts, QB Jones opts to stay at OSU: Cardale Jones of Ohio State Buckeyes says he's staying in school... 
Spurrier says underachieving team 'little cocky': Steve Spurrier reflects on South Carolina Gamecocks' 7-6 sea... 
The App That Could Be A 99 Percent Effective Form Of Birth Control: In many ways, family planning based on kee... 
Vague Professional Codes Threaten Student Speech Rights: As 2015 arrives, students nationwide should beware a ... 
Ohio St.'s Jones to decide on future at 4 ET: Cardale Jones of Ohio State Buckeyes to decide on future - ESPN.... 
Duke Muslim Scholar Shuts Down Franklin Graham's Call To Prayer Claims In 30 Seconds: The Muslim call to praye... 
21 Times Someone Was A Parking Master, Or A Parking Disaster: Great parking! ... Not you, you're terrible....R... 
UAB faculty votes no confidence in president: UAB faculty senate votes no confidence in president - ESPN...Rea... 
New Year's Resolutions for Higher Education: With the hope that Santa rewarded America's colleges and universi... 
Misdemeanor vs. Florida QB Harris dropped: Misdemeanor charge dropped against Florida Gators QB Treon Harris -... 
4 Answers About Medical School Letters of Intent: ​ ​Around this time of year,  medical school applicants  oft... 
The Coming College Decline - 
Data Show Which Top-Ranked Colleges Operate Most Efficiently: Ohio's Miami University—Oxford took top honors a... 
Changes in NCAA Rules Raise Title IX Concerns: January 2015...Read more ... 
TCU's Patterson wins Bryant coaching award: Gary Patterson of TCU Horned Frogs wins Bear Bryant coach of the y... 
Arizona QB Brewer gets release to transfer: Connor Brewer receives release to transfer from Arizona Wildcats -... 
3 Study Lessons That Can Benefit Students in Any College Major: In college, every class, every professor, and ... 
Hate Yik Yak And Anonymous Gossip Sites All You Want, But They Won't Go Away:  T hroughout 2014, students at C... 
Ecstasy Levels Spike In Rivers Near Major Music Festival: Ecstasy pills in hand (Photo by Universal Images Gro... 
Gundy: Rudolph is OK State's starting QB: Mike Gundy says Mason Rudolph is Oklahoma State's starting quarterba... 
Aranda remains Wisconsin DC under Chryst: Dave Aranda remains Wisconsin Badgers' defensive coordinator under P... 
Why Colleges Should Pay More Attention to the Quality of Self-Defense Training: When I was in college I took a... 
Sad But True: People Are Actually Going On MySpace In Search Of #TBT Pics: MySpace is back! Kind of....Read more ... 
Prescott makes it official, returns to Miss. St.: Dak Prescott returning to Mississippi State Bulldogs  - ESPN... 
Grinch hired to coach Wash. State defense: Washington State hires Alex Grinch as defensive coordinator - ESPN.... 
Ohio State's Victory Was Everything For This Teen With Muscular Dystrophy: Ohio State's national championship ... 
Video: How to Know if Your Online Program Is Legit: Devon Haynie is an education reporter at U.S. News, coveri... 
Oregon QB Mariota declares for NFL draft: Marcus Mariota of Oregon Ducks to declare for NFL draft - ESPN...Rea... 
Ex-Vandy player's lawyer fights urination claim: Lawyer for former Vanderbilt player fights to keep jurors fro... 
Sweet Dreams Are Made Of These 15 Amazing Pillows: A pillow is a very important thing in your life. Some peopl... 
Rise in Short-Term Certificates Linked to Accountability Changes for Colleges: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: fals... 
Infographic Explores The Careers Of The World's Most Successful Authors: LONDON, ENGLAND - JULY 07:  Author JK... 
Is There an Income Limit for Financial Aid?: Hailshadow via Getty Images You would be hard-pressed to find a p... 
Autonomy Faces First Test: January 2015...Read more ... 
Fans welcome back Buckeyes after winning title: Adoring fans welcome back Ohio State Buckeyes after winning ti... 
Ezekiel Elliott Cannot Be Contained By Opposing Defenses Or His Own Football Jersey:   Running back Ezekiel El... 
Source: Prescott to return to Mississippi St.: Dak Prescott returning to Mississippi State - ESPN...Read more ... 
LSU hires Bama's Steele as D-coordinator: LSU Tigers hire Kevin Steele as defensive coordinator - ESPN...Read ... 
Empowerment Within Engagement: Reconciling Dialogue and Action in Model United Nations: At the Global Forum on... 
President Obama Is Wrong: College Education is Not For All: President Obama says that every American should ge... 
Vegas installs Ohio St. as favorite to repeat: Ohio State Buckeyes installed as early favorite to repeat as na... 
Obama lauds CFP, congratulates Buckeyes: President Barack Obama lauds College Football Playoff, congratulates ... 
'American Higher Education in Crisis?' -- A Fact-Filled and Thought-Provoking Must-Read: "Whatever a universit... 
Meyer on his interest in NFL: 'Not right now': Ohio State Buckeyes' Urban Meyer: No desire to coach in the NFL... 
Ohio State Cheerleader Nearly Steamrolled By Football Team During Entrance Fail: The football players from The... 
ESPN Sets Cable Ratings Record With First College Football Playoff Championship Game: ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — ... 
Blame the Schools!: If you read enough books and articles, or watch enough news segments (or  this movie  ) ab... 
Leveraging Grades and Attendance to Improve High School Success: The...Read more ... 
Trustees: PSU proposes new settlement terms: Penn State proposes new settlement terms with NCAA in wake of Jer... 
Needle point: Meyer promised tattoo with win: Urban Meyer of Ohio State Buckeyes promises to get tattoo - ESPN... 
Mechanics of Changing Game Contracts Examined: The game contract between Missouri and BYU to play in Kansas Ci... 
Schools Use Social Media to Drive Fan Interest: Oregon and Ohio State primed the pump with different themes an... 
Low: Urban Meyer's chase for greatness: Urban Meyer's latest national championship elevates him to one of coll... 
Elliott, Jones lead Ohio State to emphatic finish: Ezekiel Elliott, Cardale Jones propel Ohio State Buckeyes t... 
Ohio State No. 1, TCU No. 3 in final AP poll: Ohio State Buckeyes No. 1, TCU Horned Frogs No. 3 in final AP po... 
Cops use pepper spray to subdue OSU scene: Police use pepper spray to subdue Ohio State scene - ESPN...Read more ... 
Mariota: Haven't made NFL draft decision yet: Marcus Mariota of Oregon Ducks says he is undecided about NFL dr... 
Introducing HuffPost's Spring 2015 Campus Editors-At-Large: Hundreds of applications and interviews later, we ... 
Arizona's Mexican-American Studies Ban Questioned By Appeals Judges: SAN FRANCISCO -- Dozens of ethnic studies... 
A&amp;M OT Ogbuehi has torn ACL, sources say: Cedric Ogbuehi of Texas A&amp;M Aggies has torn ACL - ESPN...Read more ... 
Tressel: 'No inkling to get back into coaching': Jim Tressel says he's 'had no inkling to get back into coachi... 
Jury selection begins in Vanderbilt rape case: Jury selection underway for 2 ex-Vandy players in rape case - E... 
How Did Applying For College Become Such A Nightmare?: You've FINALLY finished your college applications and n... 
22 Zayn Malik Selfies That Will Make You Grateful Zayn And His Cheekbones Were Born 22 Years Ago Today:  MELBO... 
Louisville's Ross suspended following arrest: Louisville Cardinals safety Terrence Ross suspended following ar... 
Defense: Auburn player killed at party shot first: Auburn Tigers player who was killed at party opened fire - ... 
An Open Letter to Millennials: franckreporter via Getty Images Dear Millenials, Your reputation precedes you. ... 
7 Ways To Stay Calm When Waiting For College Decisions: You do a ton of work applying to college— prepping for... 
Why Millennials Are Ungratefully Grateful: StockRocket via Getty Images Millennials. It seems that no matter w... 
'Clarissa Explains It All' -- Even White Supremacy: Clarissa Explains WS Facebook Page Clarissa Darling of '90... 
CFB title game point spread on the move: Sports books rooting for Oregon Ducks to win but not cover in title g... 
Untangle Analogy Arguments on the LSAT: Most  LSAT prep programs  focus on question types in their treatment o... 
5 Strategies to Strengthen College Applications With a MOOC: ​Massive open online courses have been changing h... 
7 Reading Hacks To Improve Your Literary Skills: When we think of “hacks,” many of us think of tricks to make ... 
The Most Feminist Moments Of The 2015 Golden Globes: If the  2015 Golden Globes  taught us anything, it's that... 
Report: Arkansas OC Chaney leaving for Pitt: Report -- Arkansas Razorbacks OC Jim Chaney leaving for same posi... 
White House Meeting on College Sports: The White House is supposedly convening a meeting on the future of coll... 
Oregon-Ohio St. on pace for most bets ever: College Football Playoff -- Oregon Ducks-Ohio State Buckeyes expec... 
5 Perfect Quotes From HBO's 'Girls' Season 4, Episode 1: Here at HuffPost Women, one of the things we love mos... 
Bowlsby: Big 12 weighs title game, sked adds: Bob Bowlsby says Big 12 will continue to discuss how it crowns c... 
Calhoun spurns NFL draft, returns to Spartans: Shilique Calhoun returning for senior season with Michigan Stat... 
Teens Read Gripping, Real Messages Sent To Peers After They Committed Suicide: A new campaign video is showing... 
Source: Ohio St. to hire ex-Huskers OC Beck: Ohio State Buckeyes will hire Tim Beck, former Nebraska Cornhuske... 
Free Community College: Gift Horse or Trojan Horse?: I'm all in favor of any plan to get more people to become... 
After Leelah Alcorn's Suicide, Ronan Farrow Examines The Challenges Faced By Transgender Youth:  The Oregon Bu... 
LeBron's Beats gift to Buckeyes not violation: LeBron James' Beats by Dre headphones gift to Ohio State Buckey... 
Just Not Feeling it -- Or When You Don't Love a Subject You Have to Take: I had a great email when I got back ... 
North Dakota State wins 4th straight FCS title: North Dakota State Bison vs. Illinois State Redbirds - Recap -... 
University Of South Dakota Athletes Ran Tax-Fraud Scheme, Made $400,000: SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) -- He wore a h... 
Worthy of Free Expression: I was in Washington, D.C. this week to give a talk on "why liberal education matter... 
Justin Bieber's Team Insist Calvin Klein Ads Weren't Photoshopped, Threaten Lawsuit:  Kanye West and Kim Karda... 
Helfrich says Oregon WR Carrington ineligible: Darren Carrington of Oregon Ducks ineligible for national champ... 
The New 'Walking Dead' Trailer For Season 5 Is All About Survival: It's almost back!...Read more ... 
Obama's Free Community College Plan Promises To Shake Up Higher Ed: Some 9 million Americans could attend comm... 
Ducks WR Carrington not with team in Texas: Darren Carrington of Oregon Ducks suspended for national title gam... 
Life After a Shooting: The Metamorphosis of a College Campus: It is June 5th, 2014, a Thursday night, 7 PM. My... 
Schottenheimer expects 'easy fit' at Georgia: Brian Schottenheimer expects 'easy fit' as Georgia Bulldogs offe... 
FAMU Hazing Ringleader Sentenced To 6 Years In Prison: ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A former Florida A&amp;M University b... 
UAB prez: Firm to review football financials: UAB Blazers president says firm to review data behind cutting fo... 
Gillette #UseYourAnd Ad Tells Women To Move Beyond Labels (But Still Shave Their Legs): "You are warmth and wi... 
Duke Student-Athletes Speak Out on the Power of Language: Frank Boellmann via Getty Images When I meet someone... 
Hancock: Few if any changes coming to CFB: Executive director Bill Hancock says to expect few changes to Colle... 
Ringleader sentenced in FAMU hazing death: Ringleader sentenced in FAMU hazing death of Robert Champion - ESPN... 
25 Artists You Need To Start Listening To In 2015: 2015 should be an amazing year for music. Between expected ... 
Ex-Vandy players to testify against each other: Two ex-Vanderbilt players to testify against former teammates ... 
Mississippi State LB McKinney to enter draft: Mississippi State Bulldogs linebacker Bernardrick McKinney to en... 
Obama's Community College Plan To Cost $60 Billion Over 10 Years:    ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE, Jan 9 (Reuters) - P... 
Tressel, Snyder make College Football Hall: Jim Tressel, Bill Snyder selected to College Football Hall of Fame... 
Enthusiasm and Caution Follow Obama's Free Community College Proposal: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSite... 
Here's Why You Should Never Agree To A Blindfolded Game Of Limbo: YouTube has seen its fair share of...Read more ... 
Decide Between Live, Self-Paced Online Classes: When Gary
Rosche shows up to class twice a week, he's expected... 
Build an Effective MBA Application as a Female Candidate: ​It’s tempting to dismiss the idea that female  MBA ... 
Community Colleges Expand Online as Overall Enrollment Declines: ​Enrollment is falling at  community colleges... 
Promotions and Marketing Are Cornerstone for Success of Big Games: January 2015...Read more ... 
Sources: QB Hill asks for release from A&amp;M: Kenny Hill asks for release from Texas A&amp;M; TCU possible transfer ... 
Jury doest't indict ex-LSU player in shooting: Grand jury declines to indict Brandon Winey, former LSU Tigers ... 
Oregon Basketball Coach Sued By Alleged Rape Victim For Ignoring Player's Sexual Assault Record: Head coach Da... 
No Pain, No Gain: Losing the Weight of One-Sided Friendships In 2015: Fabrice LEROUGE via Getty Images With th... 
Houston hires Applewhite to coach offense: Houston hires Major Applewhite as offensive coordinator - ESPN...Re... 
University Of Oregon Sued For Recruiting Player Accused Of Sexual Assault: PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A woman who s... 
64 Dartmouth Students Charged With Cheating In Ethics Class: HANOVER, N.H. (AP) -- Dartmouth College has charg... 
Texas DT Brown chooses to enter NFL draft: 2015 NFL draft -- Malcom Brown of Texas Longhorns to skip senior se... 
Larry David Says 'Odds Are Against' A New Season Of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm': Another season would be pretty, pr... 
7 Charts That Sum Up The Difference Between Single Guys And Taken Guys: There are two distinct types of men in... 
Here's What The Coachella Lineup Would Look Like If We Were Being Honest:  We all know that Beyonce seems like... 
Singer Zara Larsson Put A Condom On Her Leg To Prove No Man Is 'Too Big': Attention all men who make up crappy... 
Duke safety Cash to return for senior season: Duke Blue Devils safety Jeremy Cash will return for senior seaso... 
PK Aguayo to return to FSU for junior season: Roberto Aguayo of Florida State Seminoles to return for junior s... 
Durkin reunites with Harbaugh at Michigan: Michigan confirmed former Florida interim coach D.J. Durkin is new ... 
Sources: Snyder, Alberts into Hall of Fame: Bill Snyder, Trev Alberts - ESPN...Read more ... 
Top Universities Allow Students To Buy Cigarettes With Campus Debit Cards: A new study shows that just over on... 
Digital Playbook of P-TECH High School Model Offered Online: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: f... 
Alabama's Collins planning to enter NFL draft: Alabama Crimson Tide safety Landon Collins to leave early for N... 
'Nontraditional' But Increasingly Common Barriers to Higher Education: At the heart of this country's vast inc... 
Plug Into These Online Education Scholarships: ​Earning a  college degree  has never been more essential to a ... 
MIT Gets $118 Million Gift From Alumnus Samuel Tak Lee: CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) -- The Massachusetts Institute o... 
Analysis: Global Universities That Outperform Their Reputations: For the first time, U.S. News is publishing a... 
The Web Poet's Society: It’s 3 a.m. and the emails are coming in fast and furious. My iPhone is pinging like a... 
Knight Commission Study Released: Andy Thompson of the Chronicle briefly highlights the key points from the Kn... 
Miami, Adidas strike 12-year merchandise deal: Miami Hurricanes, Adidas strike 12-year merchandise and marketi... 
Barnard College Joins List Of 94 Colleges Under Title IX Investigations:  NEW YORK -- Barnard College, the wom... 
What If The Earth Treated Us The Way We Treat The Earth? Spoiler Alert: It's Not Pretty: Pick that bottle up o... 
Blindly Empathize in 2015:    It is incredibly easy, if not natural, to view the world in the perspective of o... 
Michigan to Switch from ACT to SAT for Statewide High School Testing: 43923...Read more ... 
These Dogs Utterly Fail At Fetching, But Are Still Loving Life: Why don't...Read more ... 
Rams OC Schottenheimer hired by Georgia: Georgia Bulldogs hire Brian Schottenheimer as offensive coordinator -... 
Dismissed Georgia DL Taylor lands at Bama: Jonathan Taylor, formerly of Georgia Bulldogs, enrolls at Universit... 
24 Powerful Reactions to Leelah Alcorn's Death: Co-authored by Jillian Kinder...Read more ... 
Ratings up, attendance down in CFP Year 1: Bowl ratings up, attendance down in first year of College Football ... 
Winston accuser files civil suit against FSU: Attorneys for Jameis Winston sexual assault accuser file civil s... 
Is It Really A Big Deal When A Woman Asks A Man Out On A Date? Both Genders Weigh In.: Tons of...Read more ... 
Oregon Trail And All Your Other Favorite Childhood Games Put Online For Free: The video games that defined you... 
Father: Winston leaving Noles for NFL draft: Jameis Winston of Florida State Seminoles off to NFL draft, fathe... 
Tips for Using Student Loans for Online Education: ​You’ve seen the ads on television encouraging students to ... 
This Professor Uses Great Literature, Including Slave Narratives, To Teach Empathy To Future Public Servants: ... 
7 Stunning iOS Apps For Fiction Lovers: The best novels are immersive -- either their plots compel readers to ... 
Land a Spot in a Top Online Master's in Criminal Justice Program: Whether it's decisions about law enforcement... 
U.S. News Releases Expanded 2015 Best Online Programs Rankings: The number of online students climbs yearly as... 
Lyons Applauded as New AD at West Virginia: As a native of the state and a graduate of West Virginia, and with... 
Heisman Trophy Won By O.J. Simpson Found 20 Years After USC Burglary:   LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 10:  The He... 
O.J. Heisman found 20 years after USC theft: O.J. Simpson Heisman Trophy found 20 years after USC burglary - E... 
Princeton Police Investigated Allegations Against Tiger Inn Bouncers: Exterior view of the Tiger Inn on the Pr... 
Best Bachelor’s Degree Programs for Online Students: 2015 Best Online Bachelor's Programs...Read more ... 
University of Virginia Rules On Fraternity Parties Aim To Curb Sexual Assault: The Phi Kappa Psi fraternity ho... 
Stanford left tackle Peat declares for draft: Stanford's Andrus Peat declares for draft - ESPN...Read more ... 
Viral Italian PSA About Domestic Violence Makes A Good Point, But Not Without Flaws: "What happens when you pu... 
This Is What Your Cat Is Thinking When It's Doing All That Cat Stuff: Nothing crazy cat people didn't already ... 
Source: Michigan hires UF's Durkin as DC: Michigan Wolverines hire Florida's D.J. Durkin as DC - ESPN...Read more ... 
CFP to help pay athletes' families' travel costs: College Football Playoff to assist families with travel cost... 
The Ingredients of a Great Education: This piece is part of a series of posts from the Founding Class at the M... 
Phony Friends: The Darker Side of Smartphones: About halfway through lunch with my cousin, burger in one hand,... 
CFP to help pay players' families' travel costs: College Football Playoff to assist families with travel costs... 
Seminoles CB Williams declares for NFL draft: Florida State Seminoles CB P.J. Williams declares for NFL draft ... 
This Is What Happens When A Woman 'Manspreads' On The Subway: Apparently, taking up too much space on the subw... 
10 Quotes to Start Off the New Year: Confession: I am one of those people that really enjoy New Year's and the... 
College Business Classes: Rethinking Traditional Methods: In many college classes, the process used to teach s... 
O'Brien hangs up whistle after 40-year career: Longtime college coach Tom O'Brien retires after 40-year career... 
Heupel out as Sooners' offensive coordinator: Josh Heupel out as Oklahoma Sooners' offensive coordinator - ESP... 
Peek into the Evolution of Medical School Education: ​Changes in medical school haven't just been a result of ... 
I Lost My Job, But Might Find Myself: Barry Rosenthal via Getty Images When I was much younger, I was in a rel... 
Follow These Steps to Obtain a U.S. Driver's License: As an...Read more ... 
UNC Asheville AD Janet Cone on Selection Committee for March Madness: Janet Cone, the Athletics Director at UN... 
UNC Firing Professor Involved in Scandal: North Carolina is moving forward to fire a long time philosophy and ... 
Mizzou's Ray to hold Tuesday news conference: Shane Ray of Missouri Tigers expected to declare for NFL draft a... 
Mizzou's Ray to hold Tuesday news conference: Shane Ray of Missouri Tigers expected to declare for NFL draft a... 
Source: Cal assistant Likens hired as KU OC: Kansas Jayhawks hire Rob Likens from California Golden Bears - ES... 
Source: Texas Tech hires Houston DC Gibbs: Texas Tech Red Raiders hire David Gibbs of Houston Cougars - ESPN..... 
Does the University of Michigan's New Football Coach Need Food Stamps?: Don Feria via Getty Images One of the ... 
Why Fat Is A Feminist Issue:  What do bodies and nationalism have in common and what is the link between beaut... 
Bielema: Arkansas DC Smith signs new deal: Arkansas defensive coordinator Robb Smith signs new contract - ESPN... 
The President of Harvard Is Named 'Faust': The current president of Harvard University, Drew Gilpin Faust, hap... 
'The Bachelor' Guide To Dating, Love (And A Bit Of Implied Sex): THE BACHELOR - Chris Soules, the stylish farm... 
Diaz hired for 2nd stint as Mississippi State DC: Mississippi State hires Manny Diaz as defensive coordinator ... 
New Year's Resolution -- Let Colleges Lead the Way to a New Normal in Cuba: President Barack Obama's unexpecte... 
Duck Hunters: Ohio city adopts new name: City of Oregon, Ohio temporarily changes name to 'Oregon, Ohio Buckey... 
Auburn fires co-defensive coordinator Harbison: Auburn fires co-defensive coordinator Charlie Harbison - ESPN.... 
Big Push Gets Underway for Free Application for Federal Student Aid: As families begin filling on Free Applica... 
3 Points of Advice for Your College Bound Child: Wow, that was fast.  It seems just days ago our children were... 
Learn to Tackle Correlation, Causation Arguments on the LSAT: ​As most of you are aware, the LSAT is designed ... 
25 Generalizations, Wisdoms and Semi-Factual Truths I've Come to Realize During My Quarter-Life Crisis: mattje... 
I Never Expected My Mother to Be Diagnosed With Alzheimer's When I Was 26: September 2012 "Oh look," said my m... 
3 Holistic College Admissions Trends to Watch: ​As admissions committees focus on reviewing applications for n... 
Tips for High School Teachers to Keep Second-Term Seniors Motivated: Teachers should set high expectations and... 
Michigan's Contract with Harbaugh Viewed As Sound Investment: With so much money to be made in and from a succ... 
USC recruit Payton wins MVP in All-American: USC Trojans recruit Tristan Payton wins MVP in All-American Bowl ... 
USC recruit Payton wins MVP in All-American: USC Trojans recruit Tristan Payton wins MVP in All-American Bowl ... 
Toledo rumbles by Ark. State in barn burner: Toledo Rockets vs. Arkansas State Red Wolves - Recap - January 04... 
Student Tuition Now Officially Pays More Than States For Public College Funding: Students march under Sather G... 
Student Tuition Now Officially Pays More Than States For Public College Funding: Students march under Sather G... 
ESPN Anchor, Stuart Scott, Dies at 49: Longtime ESPN anchor Stuart Scott has died after a battle with cancer, ... 
Ohio city Oregon to change name for finale: College Football Playoff National Championship -- City of Oregon t... 
Stress-Eating Doesn't Actually Taste That Great, Study Suggests: Stress-eating may not be that rewarding, acco... 
Michael Irvin's nephew commits to Longhorns: Michael Irvin's nephew commits to Texas Longhorns - ESPN...Read more ... 
4 Ways to Prepare for Next Semester Now: Hero Images via Getty Images This post was originally published on  F... 
Florida gets by ECU with late end zone pick: East Carolina Pirates vs. Florida Gators - Recap - January 03, 20... 
WR Agholor leaving USC to enter NFL draft: Nelson Agholor leaving USC to enter NFL draft - ESPN Los Angeles...... 
School Your School With These 8 Digital Tools: Is your New Year's resolution to get better grades?  Make study... 
Looking to Governor Cuomo: A Legacy on Religion and Public Life: Recent Supreme Court  decisions  and ongoing ... 
Va. Tech shows support for coach Beamer: Virginia Tech shows support for Frank Beamer - ESPN...Read more ... 
Okla. State pulls off Cactus win over Huskies: Washington Huskies vs. Oklahoma State Cowboys - Recap - January... 
10 Colleges Where The Most Alumni Donate: The U.S. News Short List, separate from our overall rankings, is a r... 
Hundley, UCLA roar to lead, hold off K-State: Kansas State Wildcats vs. UCLA Bruins - Recap - January 02, 2015... 
Hundley Rushes For A TD: Hundley Rushes For A TD - ESPN Video - ESPN...Read more ... 
Jameis Winston May Have Lost The Rose Bowl, But His Memes Won The Internet:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014 file... 
Vols rout Iowa for 1st bowl win since 2008: Iowa Hawkeyes vs. Tennessee Volunteers - Recap - January 02, 2015 ... 
This TGIT Withdrawal PSA Won't Cure You, But You Can Always Dance It Out:  Tom Cruise's best movie in nearly a... 
RB recruit Jones chooses USC over Irish: Top recruits make commitments at Under Armour All-America Game - ESPN... 
Houston defeats Pitt with 3 TDs in final 3:41: Houston Cougars vs. Pittsburgh Panthers - Recap - January 02, 2... 
Minnesota TE Williams declares for NFL draft: Maxx Williams of Minnesota Golden Gophers declares for NFL draft... 
Ohio State Proved 42 Of 43 ESPN Experts Wrong With Sugar Bowl Upset:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014 file photo,... 
Don't Worry, The Baylor Kick Is Alive After Getting Destroyed During Cotton Bowl:  FILE - In this June 13, 201... 
Buckeyes, Ducks end dynasties, as they head to title game: Oregon Ducks, Ohio State Buckeyes change everything... 
Florida State Players Slammed Over 'Disappointing' Lack Of Sportsmanship After Rose Bowl:  FILE - In this June... 
11 New Year's Resolutions Your Cat Is Making For 2015: With 2015 now underway, humans have been touting their ... 
10 Public Schools With the Lowest In-State Tuition: Cheapest Public Schools for In-State Students...Read more ... 
Oregon, Ohio State Reach National Championship Game In College Football Playoff:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014... 
Academic Fraud Consultant Tells Story: An individual who "helped" numerous aspiring student-athletes with thei... 
Oregon favored by TD in CFP championship: College Football Playoff National Championship -- Oregon Ducks 7-poi... 
Maisel: Oregon dominates FSU: Oregon Ducks roll past Florida State Seminoles thanks to turnovers - ESPN...Read... 
Buckeyes upset No. 1 Bama in Sugar Bowl: Alabama Crimson Tide vs. Ohio State Buckeyes - Recap - January 01, 20... 
Ducks face discipline for 'No means no' chant: Rose Bowl -- Oregon Ducks players face discipline for 'No means... 
Oregon Players Mock Jameis Winston With 'No Means No!' Chant After Rose Bowl Blowout: PASADENA, Calif. (AP) --... 
Winston: Focus on 'next season, baseball': Jameis Winston of Florida State Seminoles won't speculate on future... 
Mariota, Ducks demolish FSU, into CFP final: Oregon Ducks vs. Florida State Seminoles - Recap - January 01, 20... 
Ducks' win gives Helfrich shot at $250K bonus: Oregon Ducks head coach Mark Helfrich gets $25,000 bonus for Ro... 
Manning uncertain on CFP committee return: Archie Manning still uncertain on CFP committee return - ESPN...Rea... 
Ducks' Allen exits with apparent knee injury: Oregon Ducks WR Devon Allen leaves game with apparent knee injur... 
LSU cornerback Collins says he'll enter draft: LSU Tigers CB Jalen Collins to forgo senior season - ESPN...Rea... 
2Q ORE J. Winston run for 0 yds: 2Q ORE J. Winston run for 0 yds - ESPN Video - ESPN...Read more ... 
Mizzou runs past Minnesota, wins Citrus Bowl: Missouri Tigers vs. Minnesota Golden Gophers - Recap - January 0... 
Gordon rushes Wisconsin past Auburn in OT: Auburn Tigers vs. Wisconsin Badgers - Recap - January 01, 2015 - ES... 
Source: Vandy hires Badgers' Ludwig as OC: Andy Ludwig leaves Wisconsin Badgers to become Vanderbilt Commodore... 
Former UAB RB Howard commits to Indiana: Former UAB RB Jordan Howard commits to Indiana - ESPN...Read more ... 
These Were The 10 Biggest Gifts To Charity In 2014: Sometimes the 1 percent can come up big....Read more ... 
Bettors backing OSU, Noles in CFB semifinals: Bettors backing Ohio State Buckeyes, Florida State Seminoles in ... 
21 Things To Stop Giving A Shit About In 2015: As we enter a new year, there are many things to keep in mind: ... 
Georgia Tech routs Miss. St in Orange Bowl: Mississippi State Bulldogs vs. Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets - Recap... 
2Q MSST D. Prescott pass,to F. Ross for 42 yds for a TD, (E. Sobiesk KICK): 2Q MSST D. Prescott pass,to F. Ros... 
Boise State holds off Arizona for Fiesta win: Boise State Broncos vs. Arizona Wildcats - Recap - December 31, ... 
The New Year's Resolution Every Millennial Should Make In 2015: Over the past few days, publications around th... 
Life Is Beautiful: How My First Semester of College Life Taught Me More Than Any Class Ever Could: After high ... 
3 'Myths' About Acne That Are Actually True (VIDEO): For some, the word "...Read more ... 
Georgia coach Richt says he plans to return: Mark Richt plans to be back to coach Georgia Bulldogs - ESPN...Re... 
Baldwin's Harbaugh sendoff: 'Go Buckeyes': Doug Baldwin of Seattle Seahawks wishes Jim Harbaugh 'best of luck'... 
Source: DC Chavis exits LSU for Texas A&amp;M: Defensive coordinator John Chavis heading to Texas A&amp;M Aggies from ... 
End the NYPD Hissy-Fit: You would think grown men and women -- especially those considered so mentally and phy... 
Oklahoma DT Phillips plans to enter NFL draft: Oklahoma Sooners defensive tackle Jordan Phillips announces pla... 
Playoff System is Worth Billions: December 2015...Read more ... 
Escalating Salaries for Coaches: Jim Harbaugh's contract is the most recent example of schools being willing t... 
Losing Weight Won't Make 2015 a Better Year: As 2014 comes to a close, we are forced to reflect upon who we ar... 
A Look at 2014's Most-Viewed Posts in College Bound: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false Use... 
Hogan, Wright help Stanford rout Maryland: Maryland Terrapins vs. Stanford Cardinal - Recap - December 30, 201... 
Florida State fan walks with, inspires Noles: Florida State fan Payton Poulin walks with, inspires Seminoles -... 
Chubb (266 yards), Georgia run over L'ville: Georgia Bulldogs vs. Louisville Cardinals - Recap - December 30, ... 
The 2014 Best and Worst Sex List:  The Story: President Barack Obama issued a memorandum announcing the White ... 
CFP to send out bids for 2018-20 host cities: College Football Playoff to send out bids for 2018, '19, '20 hos... 
Brindza's late FG sends Notre Dame by LSU: Notre Dame Fighting Irish vs. LSU Tigers - Recap - December 30, 201... 
The Exclamatory Cycle of Teaching: I now understand the fundamental difference between academic administration... 
The Jane Effect: A New Book Celebrating Jane Goodall: Jane Goodall has had a significant impact on the lives o... 
Aggies staffer fired for striking WVU players: Michael Richardson, Texas A&amp;M Aggies student assistant, fired a... 
Making Sense in the Noise: I am not teaching this year (new baby, my first unit-plan-less September in recent ... 
Saban 'not really interested' in return to NFL: Nick Saban of Alabama Crimson Tide says he's not interested in... 
11 Nuggets Of Wisdom From Teens To Inspire You In 2015: This year on HuffPost Teen, bloggers shared their pers... 
Go green: Michigan to sell Harbaugh jerseys: Michigan Wolverines to sell No. 4 Jim Harbaugh jerseys - ESPN...R... 
Harbaugh: Michigan return a 'homecoming': Jim Harbaugh introduced as Michigan Wolverines' football coach - ESP... 
Jim Harbaugh's Michigan 'Homecoming' Comes With Pledge Of Excellence:  FILE - In this June 13, 2014 file photo... 
Source: Huskers hire Giants' Langsdorf as OC: Nebraska Cornhuskers hire Danny Langsdorf, New York Giants QB co... 
What One Encounter at the Laundromat Taught Me About Life: Joseph Devenney via Getty Images It was almost clos... 
The 5 Best Fictional Sports Teams: The Patriots, Giants, and Spurs have won many championships this century. H... 
Neil deGrasse Tyson Shares His (Non) New Year's Resolutions: Neil deGrasse Tyson and wife, Alice Young, at a g... 
Prepare for Both TOEFL, SAT as an International Student: ​Any student who's ever thought about  studying in th... 
Speculation on New Rules: John Infante writing for The Sporting News speculates on several new rules that the ... 
TV Audiences Love Bowl Games: TV audiences are continuing to increase even for lower tier bowl games at the sa... 
Allen tosses 2 TDs as Arkansas routs Texas: Arkansas Razorbacks vs. Texas Longhorns - Recap - December 29, 201... 
Clemson stifles OU in Russell Athletic rout: Oklahoma Sooners vs. Clemson Tigers - Recap - December 29, 2014 -... 
How to Keep Your 2015 New Year's Resolution: It's easy to say "a new year, a new me" every January 1st. We all... 
'Undercover Boss' CEO Fires Employee For Not Wearing Bikini On Camera, Offers Another A Boob Job: "Undercover ... 
Baylor DE Oakman to return for senior year: Shawn Oakman of Baylor Bears to return for senior year - ESPN...Re... 
Bowlsby: Big 12 fine staying at 10 members: Big 12 commissioner Bob Bowlsby says conference staying at 10 scho... 
A&amp;M assistant hits WVU players during bowl: Texas A&amp;M Aggies student assistant coach Michael Richardson banned... 
7 Ways To Secure Your Financial Future: Your financial future is incredibly important. If there is anything we... 
USC DE Williams says he's entering NFL draft: Leonard Williams of USC Trojans entering NFL draft - ESPN Los An... 
Kiffin 'definitely' plans on returning to Tide: Lane Kiffin says he's 'definitely' staying with Alabama Crimso... 
Coleman leaving Indiana: Draft is 'my dream': Tevin Coleman leaving Indiana to enter NFL draft - ESPN...Read more ... 
Auburn's Williams to return but banned for bowl: Auburn's Duke Williams to return but banned for bowl - ESPN..... 
What I Learned From My First Semester in College: My first semester at the University of Pennsylvania has just... 
As College Deadlines Loom, Seniors Urged to Keep Perspective on Fit Over Selectivity: UserID: iCustID: IsLogge... 
Apply Entrepreneurship Skills to Complement a Law School Degree: This week I will discuss the ways in which en... 
Apply Entrepreneurship Skills to Complement a Law School Degree: This week I will discuss the ways in which en... 
Reflect on Your Academic Strengths, Weaknesses to Improve in 2015: ​In September, new classes begin, with new ... 
Independence Bowl Still Needs Contract With Sponsor: The just completed Independence Bowl -- which experienced... 
Look for These Subjects to Spread at High Schools in 2015: Across the country, interest in mindfulness, ethnic... 
Colleges Recruit Mentors as Well as Blue Chips: December 2015...Read more ... 
Much of Society's Unrest Caused By Barrage of Negative Stereotypes in Films: By Anthony Major UCF Forum column... 
FSU's Winston says perception of him wrong: Jameis Winston of Florida State Seminoles says he's a good guy - E... 
The Most Beautiful College Campuses In 2015, Ranked By Princeton Review: Beautiful campuses inspire a real sen... 
How Not to Reinvent the Wheel in College Accountability: At a well-publicized speech in Buffalo, New York on A... 
Gophers dismiss WR Jones for rules violation: Minnesota Golden Gophers dismiss wide receiver Donovahn Jones - ... 
RB Johnson leaving Miami, will enter draft: Duke Johnson leaving Miami, will enter NFL draft - ESPN...Read more ... 
15 Phrases That Will Change Your Life In 2015: As the new year approaches, many of us will resolve to transfor... 
Sources: UM execs in town to meet Harbaugh: Michigan officials in town to meet with Jim Harbaugh - ESPN...Read... 
USC holds on in wild Holiday win over Huskers: Nebraska Cornhuskers vs. USC Trojans - Recap - December 27, 201... 
College Football Top Plays: Bowl Season: College Football Top Plays: Bowl Season - ESPN Video - ESPN...Read more ... 
NC State top receiver transferring to an Ivy: Bo Hines of North Carolina State transferring to Ivy League scho... 
UNC's Davis (leg) to miss spring practice: Quinshad Davis of UNC Tar Heels to miss spring practice after break... 
PSU edges BC in OT to claim Pinstripe Bowl: Boston College Eagles vs. Penn State Nittany Lions - Recap - Decem... 
S. Carolina claims Independence over Miami: Miami (FL) Hurricanes vs. South Carolina Gamecocks - Recap - Decem... 
No. 15 Arizona St. beats Duke in Sun Bowl: Arizona State Sun Devils vs. Duke Blue Devils - Recap - December 27... 
Hokies beat Cincy in Military Bowl; Kiel hurt: Cincinnati Bearcats vs. Virginia Tech Hokies - Recap - December... 
Your 20s Matter: Ingram Publishing via Getty Images    I graduated high school at 17, graduated college at 20,... 
Briles' son promoted to Baylor off. coordinator: Kendal Briles, son of Art Briles, promoted to Baylor Bears of... 
Gay, Bi, Transgender: The 85 Most Powerful Comings Out Of 2014: In 2014 thousands, perhaps millions of people ... 
NC State caps turnaround, has way with UCF: North Carolina State Wolfpack vs. UCF Knights - Recap - December 2... 
Lessons Learned From a Not-so-Merry Christmas: When you think of Christmas, you think of joy. You think of gla... 
Rutgers runs past UNC in Quick Lane Bowl: Rutgers Scarlet Knights vs. North Carolina Tar Heels - Recap - Decem... 
It's official: Narduzzi takes reigns at Pitt: Pat Narduzzi officially takes over as Pittsburgh Panthers' head ... 
Harbaugh stays tight-lipped on 49ers future: Jim Harbaugh remains tight-lipped on his San Francisco 49ers coac... 
WVU QB Trickett (concussions) quits football: Clint Trickett of West Virginia Mountaineers to stop playing foo... 
6 New Year's Resolutions That Don't Take All Damn Year To Accomplish: The new year is fast approaching, so it'... 
English Is Seldom at a Loss for Words: In vocabulary, English is the richest modern language. It is constantly... 
Q&amp;A: How Arab Region Universities Are Changing: ​By: 
A Look Into The 'Double Lives' Of America's Homeless College Students: Sean McLean's first day of college at t... 
Howard RB killed in robbery called 'good kid': Terrence Neal Tusan of Howard Bison, killed in robbery, called ... 
S. Carolina RB Davis draft-bound after bowl: 2015 NFL draft -- Mike Davis of South Carolina Gamecocks to skip ... 
Colleges With The Best Campus Food, According To Niche: Sure, college is primarily a place for learning, but n... 
Celebrate The Season With These Religious Scholarship Awards:  Christmas is an important religious holiday for... 
Jackson helms Rice to win in Hawaii Bowl: Fresno State Bulldogs vs. Rice Owls - Recap - December 24, 2014 - ES... 
Razorbacks' leading RB Williams to return: Jonathan Williams of Arkansas Razorbacks to return for senior seaso... 
Harbaugh's brother: Family staying out of it: John Harbaugh says family is not pushing brother Jim Harbaugh to... 
Chippewas' rally, lateral heroics not enough: Central Michigan Chippewas vs. Western Kentucky Hilltoppers - Re... 
A Brand New World In Which Men Ruled: In the history of American higher education, it is hard to top the luck ... 
Source: Narduzzi agrees to take Pitt job: Pat Narduzzi, Pittsburgh Panthers finalize coaching agreement - ESPN... 
Patterson AP's coach of year for 2nd time: Gary Patterson of TCU Horned Frogs wins AP coach of year - ESPN Dal... 
How to Survive the Holidays at Home: Joan Vicent Canto Roig via Getty Images Bah humbug! Who needs holiday spi... 
Eight Things to Do After Graduation: So you've graduated from college or are about to? Awesome. After all of t... 
FAQ: Best Colleges Rankings vs. Obama's College Rating Framework: The U.S. Department of Education has release... 
Find Solutions for Older Americans With Student Loan Debt: Much has been written of late about the dramatic  r... 
4th Grader Asks Santa For Equality, Writes About Transgender Sister: As much as we love the holidays, with all... 
L'ville RB Dyer ruled ineligible for Belk Bowl: Michael Dyer of Louisville Cardinals ruled academically inelig... 
SDSU missed FG gives Navy Poinsettia win: Navy Midshipmen vs. San Diego State Aztecs - Recap - December 23, 20... 
Marshall's Cato ties TD mark in Boca Bowl: Marshall Thundering Herd vs. Northern Illinois Huskies - Recap - De... 
Clarity About Disparity in Education: I'm not an economist, I'm not a politician. I'm not a demographer. I'm a... 
Why 'All Lives Matter' Is Not Interchangeable With 'Black Lives Matter': As per request by Fox News, which rec... 
5 Ways to Spend Your Winter Break: Sam Edwards via Getty Images You know that whole "every summer has a story"... 
Soon Alcoholic Drinks Will Have Calorie Counts On Them. Here's What You're Really Drinking.: Pretty soon, it's... 
Beamer to coach Hokies after throat surgery: Frank Beamer cleared to coach Virginia Tech Hokies' bowl game aft... 
Title IX Administrators Discuss Emotional Demands Of Job: Richard Baker’s first case as an administrator of Ti... 
On Tuesdays We're Thankful For Taylor Swift's Handsome Brother: Happy Tuesday. Here's a photo of Taylor Swift ... 
FSU's Fisher getting new eight-year contract: Coach Jimbo Fisher agrees to eight-year contract with Florida St... 
8 Reasons to Choose Travel Over Going to College:    Remember what our generation was told growing up? "Go to ... 
This College Student Claims She Was The 'Teletubbies' Sun Baby: At least now I know who to direct my sun rage ... 
Making Education Our Cause: In conjunction with the publication of...Read more ... 
Wolverines say 'Happy Birthday' to Harbaugh: Michigan Wolverines wish happy birthday to San Francisco 49ers co... 
Memphis, BYU to probe Beach Bowl brawl: Memphis Tigers, BYU Cougars athletic directors express regrets over Mi... 
True Life: I'm a Recovering Whattifer: Holidays have made their annual return back into our lives and allow fo... 
Football Being Credited with Transformation at Boise State: December 2015...Read more ... 
A Call for Compromise in U.S.-Russian Relations: On December 4, the House passed  Resolution 758  , a document... 
Educate Your Classmates at a U.S. College: ​As an international student at  Drury University  , I've been aske... 
Effective College Advising in High School Tied to Time and Attitude: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLi... 
Determine If You Need Psychology, Sociology Classes for MCAT Prep: The  2015 MCAT  includes two new subject ar... 
Jimmy Fallon And One Direction Sing 'Santa Claus Is Coming To Town' On Classroom Instruments: For one of his l... 
ASU Coach's Contract Will be Automatically Extended Based on Performance: December 2015...Read more ... 
Lawyer Claims Jameis Winston's Football Career Influenced Misconduct Hearing: TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) -- The la... 
Source: Pitt eyes Narduzzi to replace Chryst: Pat Narduzzi focus of Pittsburgh Panthers' search for head coach... 
Average Joes among Badgers' 46 applicants: Paul Chryst, Wisconsin Badgers coach, beat out an eclectic mix of 4... 
Winston defined 'consent', transcript shows: Jameis Winston of Florida State Seminoles explains why he thought... 
4 Financial Issues Millennials Need to Discuss Before Marriage: Many think of millennials as the carefree gene... 
5 Essential Provisions for the Higher Education Act to Alleviate Student Debt Today: Ericka Davis of the Feder... 
Sources: Georgia OC to coach Colorado St.: Mike Bobo hired as Colorado State Rams head coach - ESPN...Read more ... 
Memphis Wins Miami Beach Bowl: Memphis Wins Miami Beach Bowl - ESPN Video - ESPN...Read more ... 
Marissa Mayer 'Balked' At Hiring Gwyneth Paltrow Reportedly Because She's Not A College Grad: Gwyneth Paltrow ... 
Report: Hokies, DC Foster agree to 5-year deal: Defensive coordinator Bud Foster agrees to 5-year deal with Vi... 
This Woman Took The 'Sh*t Her Ex Left Behind' And Turned It Into Art: There's nothing quite as soul-crushing a... 
Top 10 Sexist Media Moments of 2014: Co-authored with Scott Richardson, Ph.D., Millersville University, author... 
Teen's Solution To Avoiding Awkward Questions During The Holidays Is Genius: "So... do you have a boyfriend?".... 
This 'Drinking Jacket' Will Open, Hold And Chill Your Beer: Need a last minute gift this holiday season? Self-... 
Lawyer: Video shows QB Kelly not aggressor: Video shows Chad Kelly not aggressor, lawyer says - ESPN...Read more ... 
Accusers And The Accused, Crossing Paths At Columbia University - 
Source: Campbell, Toledo agree to new deal: Matt Campbell agrees to new contract with Toledo Rockets through 2... 
The Year In Graphics: Our Favorite HuffPost Visuals Of 2014:  The Year In Graphics: Our Favorite HuffPost Visu... 
4 Final Steps Before Submitting Law School Applications: ​As the year winds to a close, many  law school  appl... 
Type These Words Into Gchat And Instantly Delight Your Friends: You may have noticed some new little animation... 
Get Gaming Over Winter Break to Improve SAT, ACT Prep: ​For students in the midst of their  ACT or SAT prep  ,... 
Holiday Survival: Life Recipes for Office Parties, Winter Shoes, and Seasonal Drinks: Seasonal Recipe Medley R... 
Fans Rally in Support of Fired Coach: December 2015...Read more ... 
Teens Help Teens Through Targeted Volunteer Work: Teens who want to help other teens through volunteer work ca... 
Report: Former Clemson QB Kelly arrested: Ex-Clemson Tigers QB Chad Kelly arrested - ESPN...Read more ... 
Jameis Winston Cleared In Campus Sexual Assault Hearing: TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) -- Florida State quarterback J... 
What Does Ruling Mean For Winston?: What Does Ruling Mean For Winston? - ESPN Video - ESPN...Read more ... 
FSU's Winston did not violate conduct code: Jameis Winston of Florida State Seminoles did not violate school c... 
Boise State's top rusher Ajayi to enter draft: Boise State Broncos RB Jay Ajayi to enter draft - ESPN...Read more ... 
Teaching, Learning and the College Ratings Framework: In a tale worthy of  O.Henry's  combs and watch fob, jus... 
Sources: Stanford's Shaw plans to shun NFL: David Shaw plans to stay as Stanford Cardinal coach, shun NFL coac... 
Side of A&amp;M's Kyle Field imploded for upgrades: West side of Texas A&amp;M Aggies' Kyle Field imploded as part of ... 
Your Mom And Aunt Chatting About Totally Random S**t, Lip-Synced By Two Young Dudes: If you’ve never experienc... 
BGSU edges S. Alabama on late 78-yard TD: South Alabama Jaguars vs. Bowling Green Falcons - Recap - December 2... 
CSU-Pueblo drops Minnesota St. for D-II title: Colorado State-Pueblo beats Minnesota State for Division II nat... 
Davern helps Air Force to Potato Bowl win: Western Michigan Broncos vs. Air Force Falcons - Recap - December 2... 
Wilson's 4 TDs guide Utah to Las Vegas win: Utah Utes vs. Colorado State Rams - Recap - December 20, 2014 - ES... 
Utah St. leans on D, claims New Mexico Bowl: Utah State Aggies vs. UTEP Miners - Recap - December 20, 2014 - E... 
Accepted, Rejected, Deferred: Holiday Recommendations for High School Seniors: Robert Daly via Getty Images Du... 
Vick: Florida St.'s Winston 'future of the NFL': Michael Vick of New York Jets says Jameis Winston of Florida ... 
How To Watch The Ursid Meteor Shower, The Last Shooting Star Bonanza Of 2014: Skywatchers will have another sh... 
Wisconsin-Whitewater captures D-III crown: Wisconsin-Whitewater defeats Mount Union for D-III title - ESPN...R... 
Ex-Bucs OC, Cal coach Tedford back to CFL: Jeff Tedford to coach BC Lions of CFL  - ESPN...Read more ... 
Wisconsin assistants need to reapply for jobs: Wisconsin Badgers assistant coaches need to reapply for jobs - ... 
Mizzou senior Hunt (shoulder) to miss Citrus: Jimmie Hunt of Missouri Tigers to miss Citrus Bowl after shoulde... 
Dodge leads Southern Oregon to NAIA title: Southern Oregon wins first NAIA football championship over Marian C... 
11 Perfect Gifts For The Instagram Addict In Your Life: These necklaces sell for $25 at Photojojo, a site that... 
It's All About That Rate: Navigating Your Student Loan Refinancing Options: If you are a recent graduate, you'... 
What To Watch On Netflix With The Whole Family Over The Holidays:  "Arrow" star Katie Cassidy soaked up the su... 
Gators QB Harris cited for driving without license: Florida's Treon Harris cited for driving without license -... 
Kentucky hires Dawson to run the offense: Kentucky hires Shannon Dawson to run Wildcats' offense - ESPN...Read... 
Five-star DT Mack decommits from Texas A&amp;M: Daylon Mack decommits from Texas A&amp;M - ESPN...Read more ... 
Jimmy Fallon Presents His Favorite #ChristmasFails Of The Holiday Season: Frankincense and myrrh? Even the thr... 
This Man Orchestrated His Own 'Amazing Race' To Propose To His Girlfriend: We've seen quite a few...Read more ... 
The Faults of the American Criminal Justice System Run Deeper Than Race: For those continually exasperated by ... 
Effective Ways to Address Academic Strengths On MBA Applications: Hard data points such as test scores and GPA... 
Miami's Long Term Contract with Nike May Be Ending: Miami's 26 year relationship with Nike could come to an en... 
Reasons to Watch All 39 Bowl Games: Associated Press writer Ralph Russo digs deep to come up with one good rea... 
The Traditions That Got College Students Through Finals This Semester: Finals bring out the frenzied college s... 
The Importance of Building Relationships With Professors: This blog post was written by Intern Queen...Read more ... 
This Year, Don't Make Resolutions -- Create Habits: This article, written by Sarah Kaufman, originally appeare... 
49ers' Harbaugh: 'Only talk about job I have': Jim Harbaugh of San Francisco 49ers says he only talks about th... 
13 Totes Adorbs Gifts For Your Internet-Obsessed Frenz: Grumpy Cat arrives at the MTV Movie Awards on Sunday, ... 
10 Christmas Expectations vs. The Reality That We've Come To Accept: If "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation... 
Stephen Colbert Has A Yard Sale With Nine Years Of 'Colbert Report' Props And Nonsense: Freedom isn't free. It... 
2014: The Year of the Heckler: It's somehow fitting that 2014 should end with one of the most spectacular exer... 
The Putty Fighters From 'Power Rangers' May Be Putty, But They Also Have Feelings:  Matter-Eater Lad is from t... 
High School Graduates Feel Unprepared For College and Work, Survey Finds: UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsS... 
Two Women Hilariously Remind Us What Feminists Really Want For Christmas: We just found the song of the holida... 
Brown's Interim Task Force Report Calls For Changes In Sexual Assault Cases: PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- A Brown ... 
Kentucky hires WVU's Dawson, source says: Kentucky Wildcats hire Shannon Dawson of West Virginia Mountaineers ... 
