You don't want anyone dictating your schedule today because yo... More for Scorpio 
@JakeDontOwn do you know what time it should be finalized or is it just generally tomorrow afternoon..
Today was literally a waste of life, but I'm optimistic about the rest of the week. hopeful the dust will soon settle &amp; I'll see clearly now
You might inadvertently test the boundaries of loyalty or love... More for Scorpio 
seriously pisses me off so much when a routy commercial plays in between my Meditative playlist. What I gotta do to get free relaxing music
Bumpin some gangsta music on my way to church :-)
Your reluctance to reveal your secrets might create unnecessar... More for Scorpio 
I was singing jhene aiko's part in Post To Be and my mom says I have a beautiful voice... He gotta eat the booty like groceries <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MICROPHONE><INFORMATION DESK PERSON>🏻
was gonna give my mom some handmade soap I bought from Haleiwa like it has herbs and stuff inside it's pretty cool &amp; my mom found it already
love talking to babe bout stuff I'm worried about. instantly feel more calm.
@_MiinMin you get a new contact pic, it's the one you was grabbing the sand. sex appeal!
@sophiyaaaaaa miss my girl <KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES><HEART WITH ARROW>
Although your perceptions are instinctively on point, you're l... More for Scorpio 
trips me out how gorg my friends are <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
may I share with you my attempt to act sexy 
Kennedy said she'd take pics of us all today thru our adventures but it literally ended up being 3/4 of my own photoshoot oops hahah sns
how are you a telemarketer you can't even speak clearly. irraz
Around the islands with the girls today. 
You're ready to enjoy a busy day, especially if you already ha... More for Scorpio 
@_MiinMin I was just about to tweet that you's the big sis I never had/ wish I had. For tell me what to do hahah. Love you!!
I can clearly see why we all made it to CUH nursing by reading the way my friends post IG pics &amp; write/express such sentimental thoughts<TWO WOMEN HOLDING HANDS><TWO MEN HOLDING HANDS><TWO WOMEN HOLDING HANDS><MAN AND WOMAN HOLDING HANDS>
Never had so much anxiety over something before
I won't be able to sleep easy until Tuesday
Is there a way thru kam shopping center with a dropped car..
Never brought anything to school but a pen <VICTORY HAND>🏼
You may grow agitated as you strive for perfection, especially... More for Scorpio 
i used to think crocker was just like the crocker from fairly odd parents and like he was gonna fail me, now were fun &amp; always crack jokes
what is the Met gala anyways
nts: open notes on college exams aint shiiiii bc so many things go wrong before you actually get a chance to look for the answer
haha shoot i dunno how to follow directions
Kennedy is gonna make me beauts with her magic camera
I wish my handivan could go around the island.
ask me if I'm actually studying for logic..
I get so proud bout the emails I create I go back and read them again just because
I'm overthinking so hard, I pulled out my wallet when I got to the bathroom.
Lofty career goals are not enough to inspire you today; what y... More for Scorpio 
No point I keep studying I'm just yawning can't even see the page bc my eyes stay tearing. Better I sleep byee
Thankful Mel let me borrow earphones today. I really can't function unless I'm in my own world, also grateful she provides me all the time<HEART WITH ARROW>
I still have a problem with Dane.. Well obviously I do, but he's my cousin I'm supposed to just be whatever, but I still feel betrayed
I can't wait to smack you around for being stupid while you were away
When you hear a song you like &amp; then come back to it not as fire as you thought because you was tricked by the bass..
@brantyboiii I know right. Made me kinda mad idk why
I want to cut my nails but it's night time and my grandma is gonna yell at me because it's bad luck or idk
Happy boys day. @_cyyyyy @ASAP_Bryce  We don't even chill no more but they have my heart. 
Trying so hard not to fall asleep right now because I need to learn math
We worked so hard on that study guide but the test was a different story
It's just easier not to be mad about it anymore
thank you for another beautiful day
A secret doorway to hidden treasures within your subconscious ... More for Scorpio 
I don't miss anything but taking naps under you arm &amp; smelling your hairy red zone Fiji scented armpit &amp; you flinching in your sleep with me
I wish my boyfriend was home already so I can borrow his earphones
In summer break mode already but still got 4 exams till I'm freeeeee
@jazr0n @amandaa_basto omg yall had to wait on my late born ass b4 so funny. Fake IDs bruhh for 21 now jkjk. Let's go camping!!! lol random<SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
@jazr0n Who we gotta scrap. vhaat is the hot gossip.
missed it this month but I ain't even trippinnnn #ThugLife hashtag Angel's lifestyle.
@jazr0n let's go pa'shal (*spelt Filipino word for cruise) @amandaa_basto
You really did earn this. Who am I to rain on your parade
Is it too late to loose belly fat before this Friday. Going beach since like last summer tbh
I wanna go to the Filipino store and buy a jar of coconut jelly
@shaaaunkotani no shame deez fakas
Play me like a fool
Weird couples exist in college too <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
Your passion for your work overcomes any reservations you may ... More for Scorpio 
I'm excited to sleep in tomorrow and then cram for Tuesday's finals
I take my dreams too seriously. Idk it can't be just random if your subconscious mind creates it so wild. Must be a hidden message or sum10
Once a month my mom &amp; I set a Sunday night to have a coffee date &amp; share hot gossip. Jk talk story. Our topic tonight was probiotic vitamins
My caked face looks messy idk bc I'm also growing out my eyebrows so my eyeshadow is like dugyot
true real 
Idk the whole world doesn't want to hurt you.it's in your head..
you're killing my vibe.
You could inadvertently undermine your position or lessen your... More for Scorpio 
I'm trippin I'm so lazy to do werk this exam week. Like I don't even need to score high bc I was doing good all sem but I'm lazy to do okay
@taylortrugillo its the one we was scrappin' each other yaa <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> Hahah
my cousin 
Hahah never thought Manny would respond lidat. He get balls to speak up now. Or just he speaks better English now. Still proud tho.
ughh my phone was sitting in a puddle of beer for I guess the whole time the fight was on. irraz. still g tho TY Jah
no fireworks in Waipahu tonight lol..
Trilll 
Jah always provides 
I rarely ever watch vids without earphone and the time I do some inappropriate porno sound happens on a video of pacquiao in front of my fam
So embarrassing I said I was crying that i didn't turn it in on time.
I need to be more like this dude and just chill and trust things work out on its own. But there's a pole up my ass idk how to.
All I wanna do right now is learn math like the back of my hand
You know it's an emergency when you track down ppl from your class on snapchat just to ask what to do bout an assignment.
@xxchaaar bruh I'm trippin balls like I'm crying writing an email to apologize OMGG English is supposed to be easy and then. Jk I'm calm now
@xxchaaar yea I didn't get those I had to ask courteney what it said I never am able to see his messages on ecollege
I could punch the girl who told me the wrong due date for the assignment. I wanna cryyyyyy
@xxchaaar WHAAAT I THOUGHT IT WAS DUE NEXT WEDNESDAY I SWEAR I ASKED SOMEONE BEHIND ME &amp; OMGG U THINK HE WILL STILL TAKE IT IF I APOLOGIZE
@xxchaaar was Hill's paper due this Wednesday?
You are in touch with emotional dynamics that are just lurking... More for Scorpio 
Nothing ever is resolved, just swept under the rug
Bae isn't even back yet but I'm bossing him around already telling him where I wanna go &amp; what I want him to do with his time.
It was my neighbor's puppy..The one my boyfriend accidentally ran over his storage box picking me up one time. That dude probably hates me<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
dad calls to tell Aedan he better finish his homework tonight because tomorrow is the fight &amp; we gon be too busy for anything else lol
a puppy followed me home, and of course I took it in. I thought my mom was gonna be mad tho. I accidentally called it fluffy too
When you thought bae said something that came from the heart, but you found the exact same quote on Twitter later <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
I really want passion tea with coconut jelly rn where is bae
Your emotions are highly volatile today, even if you keep them... More for Scorpio 
Meditation is strongly supported in my house like it's not even something to joke about. it's like medicine/healing
When you're boyfriends lets you win arguments and you take it too far calling him lucky to have you. Impressed he takes it like a champ tho<SPARKLING HEART>
Little bit scared no ones showing up to class on time bc of the traffic &amp; how awkward it'll be to be alone with Crocker.
You're not happy about having to maintain such a high level of... More for Scorpio 
It's so weird the different lives all us cousins live tho we are related
lost without you 
So weird how your mood changes everything in motion. Angry thought has you blocking all the energies &amp; positive vibes welcome luck into life
@itsxjerica I miss u
@mmellaa_ who dat
My boyfriend is appreciating me <LOUDLY CRYING FACE> and it's such an odd feeling that I'm actually happy with him for once. I flinch to say anything mean now
"Mom, pay attention to your son, if you neglect him he might end up like me... successful". HAAHHAAHHAAHHAAH
I wonder what my dream means. Today turned out to be fantastic so it must be good luck to dream a tiger is chasing you in a river
Hahah someone screenshotted my tweet bout Christian &amp; showed em. Hopefully he didn't cry. Joke lang
I'm so happy I can't stop smiling even my mom tried to criticize how I look rn &amp; it didn't even phase me that's how happy I really am
Can't remember when my cousins &amp; I started chillin without it having to be a family get together/party
Open book exams in college so cherry
Shucks this was a good month to create a dream board but it's already the 29th
so luckyyy<WHITE SMILING FACE>️<LOUDLY CRYING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>, but more importantly Jesus loves me
poof &amp; up-do rn got me feelin sum typa way
That just reminded me how much I miss cheer &amp; prolly I'm super jittery since then bc I have no outlet to channel my stress &amp; anger anymore
Whenever I'm really nervous for something, I always think "it can't be worse that feeling nervous before doing a back tuck &amp; not confident"
finally did it after like idk how long. I wanna do a back flip right now to celebrate lol
One thing less I'm stressing about, now to study for lab <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
Jah provides
I didn't know it was weird to have a selfie as my wallpaper. How ppl gonna know it's my phone if its lost. They be distracted by my cute dog
Slept early but I'm still tired
Get mad she's a hoe, not because her eyes are far apart.
People who tease physical features are  ultimately scums of the earth. It's NOT his fault he's short or like whatever. U get what I mean.
Kennedy &amp; I talking about selling our eggs but then we started evaluating the aftermath like menopause symptoms and brittle bones. wtf us<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
dude can you like stop that. It's irritating af you're not even handsome, no one is watching you.
Weird ass dream that a 10 foot tall purple tiger was chasing me through the river bank
You have the potential to feel passionate about a new project ... More for Scorpio 
To sit at the ring side of the Pacquiao/mayweather fight costs $132,000 tf
Every time I drop by my mom's working I'm wearing the same top so embarrassing
Craving cheesecake and also curly fries idk
You're cleaning the bench but there's gangrene on your feet and a dried oily piss spot on your ass
How do u allow yourself to get that filthy? this lady has maggots  in her dreadlocks and she took off her jacket &amp; i whiff of piss happened
when will I learn to keep to myseld
As much as I'm mean and say whatever I want, I don't like breaking the rules. I color in the lines.
I'm 18 and I still say mommy
byeee
Your friends and associates place a lot of confidence in you n... More for Scorpio 
April is always the fastest month.
I ran out of print credits that's bull
You're not in the mood to step through a variety of mechanical... More for Scorpio 
always on a quest to create the perfect heartbreak playlist that I hope to never use. Though clearly is a bad omen to anticipate.
told Shannon to hug me so I could balance out all that negative energy Andre illuminated onto me in a conversation. Willingly she did.
you always piss me off nighttime
kept having falling dreams while I was camping this weekend
*turning down the music in order for me to read street signs
"why's yall smiling like a nutcracker now, is that the new trend. Before it used to be the one eyebrow raised when taking selfie"Uncle dame<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Having a conversation about some aspect of intimacy and actual... More for Scorpio 
Your nerves may be on edge today because people seem so fixed ... More for Scorpio 
Spent too much on food at 7/11 again damn
I'm so luckyyyy thank you God
I tweet a lot &amp; always angry bc I'm lonely lmao straight up. prolly won't hear from me this summer tho.
Gotta stop embarrassing myself. why am I such an open book.
@Nicoleekaitlin I love this pic of you
I hate when ppl drop their hydro flask. I know it's not intentional but it seriously is the scariest gun shot sound
#GreysAnatomy  
Can Bryce come home already so he can pick me up from school and buy me food. Tired of basically the single lifestyle. I wanna be pampered
Couldn't concentrate this morning knowing my mom was mad at me. But now we straight <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
It's time to make a concerted effort to pull in your energy an... More for Scorpio 
It's been 225 days since I've held my boy. He's not a man yet.
most, not all  
even tho he know that i love em
@_MiinMin you're my bae. (Before Anyone Else)
he's so ugly but why am I obsessed 
life will love you back
proven time and time again  
Just when you think everything is going well, you could run in... More for Scorpio 
@kelseyishikawaa naw girl. On Friday. I just went to her office for my paper
Wish I could do ceramics again.
"You can be in love and you can be in a relationship. But they're not always the same thing." trill
cant imagine losing my child before I die. Im not a mother but I'm crying about it as if I was one. so emotional how Ima be a nurse like dis
Mari's words are like stuck in my head bout if I did, there's ppl out there for me
I have to finish an essay in one sitting or else it's never gonna get done till the very last min
I wish I had the courage to let go &amp; start new. It's the only way to find better. Can't expect it if I'm settling for mediocre here
I get sad when I think I heard your voice
I really wanna just leave class for a second to go across the street and buy myself a draank
You may be uncharacteristically quick to share  your thoughts ... More for Scorpio 
Haven't messed up my eyebrows in years im so mad at myself
It is socially acceptable not to reply back to IG comments. But on Twitter it's shade.
eff'd up plucking my eyebrows, so I helped myself feel better by going full out. 
@taylortrugillo 3 pages
first thing Ima do with my paycheck is treat myself to a facial
I need a lifetime lover
raggae songs never get old
You may be in a very positive state of mind today, especially ... More for Scorpio 
snooping bc your life is so interesting compared to my 9 to 5 life
mustard on da beat
@ohittslara just follow this. Says the timesheet is but idk for the paper. Ppl doing em already for turn in tomorrow 
@ohittslara it's due tomorrow the paper &amp; time sheet. I wrote BS bout we played ball with the kids and counted how many times we caught it<LOUDLY CRYING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
I'm scared to do the challenge how long is it gonna take for my lips to go back to normal
I have no idea how I'm going to write about how I used math at the homeless shelter
Best investment ever
Bryce would have graduated today<PENSIVE FACE> but on the bright side it marks two weeks &amp; a day or two till he comes home<RELIEVED FACE>
there's always that time of year.<UNAMUSED FACE><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> (Vine by @jasonmendezhoe) 
shoot I have actually a lot of stuff to do today meaning no time for a nap
I forgot janah had a sprained ankle and I just made her run with me.
You want quick answers to the most basic questions before you ... More for Scorpio 
Bryce ain't even good looking but I'm in love with em like he is
Can u stfu I can't hear myself think
I think my phone broken
One thing bout the program being fairly new is they're still trying to perfect it
don't ever forget being treated like shit.
You are cautious today and might find yourself tiptoeing aroun... More for Scorpio 
debating where to go tonight everyone's having somethin &amp; I'm not tryna stay home bc my face is caked already
@xo_krissiem14 js caught dwelling on the past. nothin new. Life is good. Thx bu <FACE THROWING A KISS>
@Alfreedo_sauuce *first time trying on Chaminade's scrubs haha. we only start clinicals second year. &amp; am I seeing yu tonight ?
I'm having a really hard time forgiving you and this is a first... does that mean I'm actually not in love with you ?
There's no time like the present moment to make a serious dent... More for Scorpio 
I want to keep it cool, calm and collected
I don't want to be crazy about you anymore
life update: first time trying on scrubs<T-SHIRT><SYRINGE><PILL> #ChaminadeNursingStudent 
Career opportunities loom large and your anticipation of the p... More for Scorpio 
I'm so competitive it's kinda bad lol
I wanna try the new fries at McDonald's
“I look better than you"

Confidence
"I look good"
“I love myself"
“I’m beautiful"

Conceited vs confident: Get th…
Exciting diversions to your daily routine are like guests bein... More for Scorpio 
Anatomy exam tomorrow.. but I had time to make brownies
did you just say i should be glad ________ ? why i gotta be glad for, i expect that. Should I be glad to stoplight turns red then green too?
Bryce posted a wcw of me &amp; cut off my eyebrow. How will his ppl know if I'm fleek
Can you like not be a bitch today
Bummer we're actually having our exam on exam week and not the week before
Im always so clueless whyyy <LOUDLY CRYING FACE> I have no idea what the options are for this nursing vote can someone just tell me what to do
My butt noticeably shrunk after I stopped doing cheer
I really want some fun dip rn but no more time to go buy
Damnnn so mean
Thank you Lord!!!!
@maaaaur1ce woow congrats Mau !!!
Although it seems like a serious lack of resources is at the h... More for Scorpio 
@ryssaloha lmaoo we made a dance to:  "ladies &amp; gentlemen, the princess is here, Ciaraaa.. this beat is automatic supersonic funky freshh"
@ryssaloha ouu shaat look at dis 
Relationship Goals: the fame didn't change his loyalty aww soo cute them 
@Alfreedo_sauuce yea I did. Was weak. jkjk
You prefer to keep the wheels of progress turning today becaus... More for Scorpio 
People are aloud to have phases &amp; act dumb. Just matters how u end up getting out the hole you dug yourself. Might not be that deep tho
I think after BT dudes feel invincible
Bruh what's life when you can't share all you wanna say.
finally go thru his skull &amp; seeing he's dumb 
My little ham is gonna come home and were gonna hug it out
I'm thinking about this morning bryce tried telling me good morning &amp; I reminded him we broke up. That was so irritating
I wonder how my phone quality got so shitty.
@stclx3_ ouu shaat take care honeey
@barbarajeaaan bruuh so many ppl missing. Half the class never show lmaoo
It's unfortunate I'm so willing to express myself. My tweets in general &amp; how I am with strangers &amp; friends.
duuuude ppl still recovering from digital &amp; seeing ppl's mouths chewed up today at school. Trippyy. I no like do drugs. This is a PSA
I'll go where Im appreciated &amp;follow where the wind takes me.Who knows who'll show up in my life next,But for now ppl deserve second chances
I'm not staying with you because you're good looking or something. You're usually really nice to me so I stick around.
My friends always smash each other. nasty. Can we like not make us awkward.
She can be 18 with an attitude
Wasted time is worse than wasted money
I call Merlene mom since ever &amp; she texts me like my mom too with emojis it's so cute
My nose feels broken today
Ya man ain't me <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
wanna cuss this Brazilian out bc wtff now I come early &amp; you're never on time. It used to be I come right on time &amp; u get mad I not early

watch ur words; they become actions.
I get so scared I never know when my professor is gonna snap. sometimes she jokes with us other times she scolds the good ppl
kinda hurt when he said he treats me like shit cause he thought there's no way I'd ever leave em, but Im a "star"
But it had to happen so he could finally realize how I feel &amp; come to terms with improving
Finally had the balls to break up with Bryce. But it didn't go as I planned. I was only single for 11 hours.
Why won't you chase me
You speak with the power of your convictions behind everything... More for Scorpio 
I needa grow balls &amp; do exactly what I preach.
why is everyone's usernames end with steeezy, eeezy, breezy, wheeezy
"Don't fall in love with potential. It's the difference between if he says he wants be a doctor, or if he's actually already a doctor"-momma
smize 
You may find it nearly impossible to get others to understand ... More for Scorpio 
so many chronics
Kids these days dunno their address or is it just kids I know.Telling me turn at the yellow flashing light but can't tell me the street name
Lol it makes it so hard to get ready when I got a full body mirror in my room w/playing music. Can't pass by it without having a dance party
That moment when you're lazy to pack for a sleepover.. I just wanna show up empty handed &amp; borrow all my friend's stuff to have a sleepover
old fashioned faka

Me: *waits like 4 minutes to respond bc I’m ignoring them back*
I'm here counting on my fingers trying to figure out this schedule bc someone wrote it in military time hahah who does that
Instead of impulsively overreacting to a changing environment,... More for Scorpio 
new record of longest anatomy study guide i made, 11 pages front and back. handwriting is atrocious.
and the universe has balance.
bruh the universe understands i hurt
I think it was a lesson enough I found out u know how to lie bc there's never a day I forget. &amp; will continue 2 remind u 2 b grateful I stay
I get so nervous texting or making phone calls to people I have no choice but to.It could just be to confirm something &amp; I gotta prep myself
Money talks omgg I had no idea that was an option to have help with.
I'm not strong enough to handle dis bc cake is on the menu
If I'm not happy about something, I'm used to doing something about it.
Long distance is the worst experience.
How was I able to get full off a lunchable before.
Was taking a nap &amp; woke up frantic thinking I had to go English class but then I realized I just had it &amp; it's already Friday. April so fast
u don't even know these girls, why do you follow them &amp; then I unfollow em &amp; u do it again. Why you gotta defend them. Are they significant
Your special gift today is your ability to talk about an awkwa... More for Scorpio 
Hate long instrumental intros to songs &amp; when the beat takes forever to drop. My high is gonna fade by the time it hypes
I'm discouraged with my choices to hold onto what's no longer serving me
Had to double take on my own hair. It got so light how <FLUSHED FACE>
texting kendra math problems while she's on the toilet. but she cannot multi task lmaoo
Went gym, ate a salad for lunch.. Was feeling good. Ended up having gelato after lab &amp;&amp; now mom made fried chicken for dinner. dammit
wtf it's so expensive to eat healthy.
A coworker's erratic behavior today may be enough to drive you... More for Scorpio 
White people look good in everything. They be dressing homeless lookin fly &amp; I be at goodwill trying to mekk
laughed so much today with &amp; at Mel omggg don't even gotta say anything to each other, just a look &amp; we just know <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Friend: "No we're good"
Me: 
Didn't realize there's so many complainers in the world. You can't get every teacher/worker you have a problem with fired. Just suck it up
My jaw still hurts from like chewing, u know cause I ate so much good food on Easter &amp; candy &amp; leftovers too. Does that make sense haha
I took the liberty of tagging myself on your selfies you're welcome
I just unfollowed a bunch of girls for you you're welcome
I really don't have nothing to complain about I just make problems for myself by overreacting
Homewreckers
Nearly everyone you meet has something fascinating to share, d... More for Scorpio 
I would finish the rest of my study guides tonight but I'm human &amp; I need sleep if I wanna go gym &amp; still be able to function tomorrow
decided not to do anything anymore. I'm just in it for the ride.
Actually hoping my hair takes long to dry so I can finish my study guides in the mean time
Translating to Kennedy is my favorite thing in the world. It's finally something I can teach her, bc she's so smart at everything else
aye soo much sweets today I feel sick
I only need a boyfriend to pluck my armpits so don't get cross eyed doing it myself.
I had a dream about urgently walking across a river in a storm &amp; discovering striped pajamas hung on a hanger made out of rib cage bones.
You're gonna change. Just don't be too late.
hate when you learn last minute we bouta go to the club so you have no clothes.
I'm not happy and I'm forcing it and you know it too.
I'm being nice for once. Let's not push it.
Wish that idiot never delete it irraz
One day I'll grow the balls to leave you
I feel stupid for forgiving you
You are not afraid of tough introspection, but you can get so ... More for Scorpio 
making excuses to not go out (Vine by @twaimz) 
I hope I have a dream tonight that can tell me if I'm doing the right thing now
just swerved my own bf when trying to holler on IG like he was some thirsty boy
Yoo even if you's the baddest looking flower to ever walk the earth. What if you was just boring.
always the most inappropriate advertisements pop up. Man I swear all im trying to do is learn about metabolism. Leave me alone prostitutes.
I'm having crab legs for dinner on a Monday and for no reason. #blessed
@_MiinMin bruuh my bf better take notes hahah
@_MiinMin Nina??? Nina Dobrev??? As in Elena aka main character?

JULY 2015. 
@taylortrugillo let your hair down more often <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
Aaron's snaps of Amanda are goals when bryce comes home &amp; stops being stupid
@gezellahh no, in May. I haven't literally seen him since September. So my anxiety takes over a lot lately. Tbh proud of you for doing Army<TWO HEARTS>
@gezellahh this makes me happy
You don't needa ask other girls what they are doing. If she says she's busy to hangout, stop already. Logic right.
I don't chase em I replace em
Seriously everytime I get new slippers I always skid the tips cause Idk how to walk right
You may experiment with a totally radical approach at work tod... More for Scorpio 
Undeserving faka
I have no patience or interest in being loving anymore.
Do you ever think of me when you lie, lie down in your bed, your bed of lies?
Once a liar always a liar
Navigating the unfriendly and possibly turbulent emotional cur... More for Scorpio 
explaining to myself what I'm worth atm
hardest part will be deleting pictures up from 2013
"Let yourself be open, and life will be easier" -Buddah
I have no idea what I want
how do I say goodbye after two years. Heck I could be the same if it was two days. so hard to detach from situations not serving anymore
Not everyone deserves second chances
how do u stop your phone from updating automatically. I actually don't like when it does that. I wanna read bout the pros and cons first
Commercials are so pointless
why do u always act busier than me.
whenever I witness strict parents all I wanna tell em is to stop before they become rebels.
I paid twenty for that Rolly, I just want my time back
Ordering light because Merlene is treating &amp; she knows it's not my usual.
I get so angry when ppl mention dat I'm working on it chill
It doesn't cost money to post a pic on IG. why don't you do that for us.
Concealing your feelings today seems like your smartest course... More for Scorpio 
not gonna lie my muscles are hurting still
Didn't realize how often Bryce reads my tweets. I should really stop hurting his feelings retweeting bout cheaters. he kinda never cheated..
I was so rude to Dane last night. Idc bout that, just the part it was my first impression to Chan's boo so I hope he don't think I'm a bitch
@taylortrugillo awh shoot we was gonna photoshop you in it!!! hahah U didnt miss any10, just the boys being lost without ju hehe
<MICROSCOPE><SYRINGE><PILL> genuinely smiling in lab. 
but I guess that's not necessarily a good thing.
Don't volunteer yourself into situations next time
@vaaanx3 hahahah
I pictured Christian Grey as McSteamy or Dr. Sloan when I read the book
How often is it we say things we don't mean
still amazed North West's hair didn't come out nappy.
You could morph into Don Quixote today in search of enemies to... More for Scorpio 
You know how you're supposed to love your cousins no matter what. there's just one I don't like.
Dane is like the definition of an old person still stuck with a toddler mind. No common sense or value of family.
you're a grown ass man yo. Why you be making drama with high schoolers. I'm gonna call the cops
I think I was subconsciously crying in my sleep again last night. woke up with flushed eyes
Bruh what's with Crocker always showcasing his Facebook pics in class
New opportunities seem to come your way at work now, but they ... More for Scorpio 
Omgg b4 the nights ends, shall I say, i made Aedan cry this morning telling him that he was adopted &amp; my parents got in on the joke too. <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
@shamamae  so true
Me and bae's initials make bs+af = bullshit as fuck. Also explaining our relationship lmaoo burnnn.. on myself
Once I get my hands on Bryce first thing ima do I practice contouring on his nose.
@_MiinMin there's so much power that lies within your inner self. You are the creator and master of all your mind desires. Embrace w/ love<SUN WITH FACE>
I'm getting psycho rn bc I heard a girl laughing in the background please explain
Always smiling when I see fluffy on snapchat. So many ppl love him so he just travels around loving life and playing.
Fluffy is the happiest and most loved dog on the world. He's so lucky
Healing can't be rushed. If it's forced, it won't be fixed properly.
my song is playing and I'm crying out of nowhere.
@_MiinMin hahah Mar has jokes ah <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
mad at myself bc I actually put in work x10 at the gym then ate a salad but obvi that wasn't enough, had snack to go with it. No discipline
Dohm is my fav I dunno bout yall
@sophiyaaaaaa <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> this is so picture perfect!! You look like Scarlette Johansson but more beauts obvi
You can achieve a high level of personal satisfaction now, eve... More for Scorpio 
some thoughts are just more graceful in your head. Like U shouldn't have to explain yourself. The only one who cares is you anyways.
@_jnahh at the mall?? At this time! dayumm. Get home safe. Actually just should sleepover my place hahah. Gotta go back school 2mrw n e way
Talking about how I'm going gym tomorrow as I'm eating tostitos &amp; 5 layer dip
@mbersamira <CRYING CAT FACE><HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️are you sure you're not my guardian angel Mar? <KISSING CAT FACE WITH CLOSED EYES>
in my head I know exactly how I feel bout the situation then I wanna explain myself but dunno the words to put together. H8 no 1 understands
idgi am I asking for too much. Am I delusional to what I believe I deserve. Bc I swear they're simple af.
idgi you can't do anything by yourself
I know what I have is good. I don't wanna mess up.
so happy i delivered on that test. was a little worried I was wasted my energy on unnecessary problems last night.
Someone's agenda crosses paths with yours today and you're not... More for Scorpio 
Life is good. I should be more grateful for what is working in it.
lol
I'm pretty sure if it was for life or death you could find atleast one. all u needed was one. no one died trying. effort doesn't cost money.
if you want to, make it happen. if it was that quick for u to give up, it couldn't have been something u cared about enough. nvm
bruh it's not even hard lmao, one.
bruuh a week not using any make up bc spring break &amp; I wanna keep it like this everyday it's just that I don't have too many eyebrow hairs
When you're not looking for it, that's when it comes. If you're thinking about it too much, it's not gonna happen anytime soon.Mind is power
Your unexpressed anger can cool into ice and morph into resent... More for Scorpio 
Anatomy problems tho hahah wtf I said that the palm tree looked like a left lung today lmao
I wish technology had the ability to heal itself. Like human skin regenerates when you scrape it, what if your laptop could do that too
We're working on it.
Today marks TWO YEARS with my fat head boyfriend, but I don't wanna post no pictures b4 I get re-pissed off bout how I'm stupid in love
respect me
@amandaa_basto So many members <RAISED FIST><BEATING HEART>
@taylortrugillo Oh no nothing for us. This for my English class hehe
surprised I wrote my paper tonight &amp; not tomorrow night lol. but bummed I gotta wake up hella early for go hiking now
Although your behavior often reveals how you feel, people can ... More for Scorpio 
reminiscing bout our after party senior prom last year<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
My heart is in a good place, but my mind is hostile
rekindled flame
super hoping I spelt her name correctly
@_MiinMin omgg<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> you always know the good places for eat <SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL>
why
the fuck
did nobody punch me in the face
took two naps today &amp; still wanna sleep already bc I'm happy for the first time
haha dude I feel bad I only text you to ask for favors. I should seriously check up on u once in a while tho we're close enough to do that
Although your creative muse is hanging around these days, it's... More for Scorpio 
tbh my cousins don't judge my stupidity i love em
how do u stay in business when you ignored all my calls this week literally twice everyday I tried. lmao
shoot I remember our first anni.. I was sick that night, we never even had pineapples. Sunset was my favorite part.
I don't know why I want to hurt you so bad. We made peace too. dunno
hold you down hold you down
time and time again I catch myself at night wishing I did shit different
I feel like God inspired this artist to make this song for me to come across listening to and touch my heart.
my hair feels like a wig
tbh only wanna go tonight cause it's bbq food. Don't even know half the ppl idc
shit i just realized im getting second thoughts bout how it would be sorta beneficial I take summer school, but I already applied for jobs
boo wish blazin steaks by my house never closed down
Lazy to make pancakes &amp; wishin someone was home to do it
man I'm Asian af
There's just so many qualities to take into consideration before profiling someone
tripping out bc I was right. rlly growing intuitively, an epiphany sparked tonight
You can't get away with any selfish behavior today because the... More for Scorpio 
Nobody likes "starting over" <TIRED FACE><ANTICLOCKWISE DOWNWARDS AND UPWARDS OPEN><KISS><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> (Vine by @WiLLGotTheJuice) 
Also had a dream I was at Home Depot designing my own pot and I couldn't get a bunch of mini cactuses to stand up straight and fit in my pot
had the most aggravating afternoon nap consisting of a dream where I couldnt figure out our bill shared at Olive Garden I kept recalculating
I'm much too full of resentment
I think ppl forget that snapchat shows if you screenshot my story cause yall dunno I know or sum10
I'm so mad I rescheduled like I reminded myself too wtf is wrong with me
When I get caught subtweeting (Vine by @LaurenGiraldo) 
You have been plucked from your natural habitat today, yet are... More for Scorpio 
dammit always end up spending almost $20 every time I stop by the gas station for chips/snacks. Note to self: stop going there hungry
Although your current feelings may be rather fickle, you can s... More for Scorpio 
Sometimes it doesn't even matter if you sound stupid &amp; u know u sound stupid. Yourself is telling you to fight it.
I feel really bad for what I did. But I'm fighting my own battles daily, don't got time for extra feelings.
hook a sista upp WHERE can I buy some Takis in Kalihi
stopped watching PLL seasons ago. had trust issues
notice how i didnt say goodbye
its because i hate u
The angel in her eyes became the devil in me
@ohittslara omg Lara hahah scandal
I had a dream Bryce actually put me as his wcw but of course that would never happen in real life cause he's embarrassed of me
Cranky ass people today. Leave it at the door.
Kylie Jenner to me always looks like she just got up
wtf hahahah she asked for IDs
bull
You're being challenged to relinquish your need for intensity ... More for Scorpio 
When you won't let her break up with you .... (Vine by @tharealversace) 
@effnaaron hahaha good one!!
Jell always autocorrects to Hell. Explains a lot. I am actually satan nah nah
It's so hard to get motivated when it's so hot out
Bryce just told me "I'll fucking kill you" if I leave him
me: ya 
I did that! why are you taking credit for it?
Your favorite angle on personal satisfaction doesn't require a... More for Scorpio 
I'm embarrassed now. I was in a moment I let that spark up this fire in me I should just keep my mouth shut b4 ppl think I'm weak af bc I am
God gave me a good day tho. Was surrounded by people who love me &amp; I'm so grateful to be able to be in love with my friends who love me back
I feel like karrueche
Melissa tbh is also my mom, BFF lol my psychiatrist
I want to switch all this energy I have rn to fixing my relationship into focusing on school bc at least hard works pays off in that ja feel
Spraaang break got me doing nothin better than up in my feelings thinking hard
I can't believe I agreed on waiting 8 months for my boyfriend.
Six more weeks until Bryce finally comes home &amp; till first year of nursing school is pau
Dre bought me pandas for dinner &amp; had cheese balls and pizza a little before &amp; I'm still hungry
am I really fighting with dis nugget. You ain't even my boyfriend CHILL FAM
It's as if you're a team player in a relay race now, trying to... More for Scorpio 
@vaaanx3 when they have on fake lashes too thooo omg haha
Ever went to your friend's room &amp; think "oh no idk if her &amp; her boothang did somethin on this bed I'm about to sit on"
down about that grade tho &amp; I can't enjoy myself this week till I can do something about it ughhhh

me: 
Bm drama <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
You're ready to take the bull by the horns and kick some butt ... More for Scorpio 
Tbh I just needed one night idc for a break I'd rather we keep going &amp; finish the semester a week earlier ja feel
Determined 2 b like Krissie in math like shoot when's the next opportunity to score points? Bummer we stay on break cannot get on that grind
I wish my boyfriend was around to tell stories to after my day is over &amp; scrap scrubs
waiting for our table to be called estimating 60 minutes irraz 
Mel's not ready for the drip drip 
It's really hard being fat :(
Almost peed on Kendra's seat laughing at Mel screaming while rolling down the window omggg <ONCOMING AUTOMOBILE>
planning to do as many crunches as I can rn to slim out enough for tonight
You could be feeling quite satisfied with your life today, but... More for Scorpio 
my spanish friends always speaking thinking i know what that means but ayye it sounds good
My body isn't ready for tomorrow
Tf Chaminade let me log in so irraz
Taking an emotional risk and revealing what's in your heart ca... More for Scorpio 
content now that I found something on tumblr that explained exactly what's up with me and now I feel no need to be understood.
A passionate woman is worth the chaos
Unintended
"night" vs "goodnight" 
"bye" vs "goodbye" 
"love you" vs "i love you" 

all have two different mean…
i learned my lesson not to get my hopes up u know what i mean
Mel did a good job with my armpits today lol #truefriends
five more hours
Happy I thought the current issue was due Tuesday because I'm chillin tonight. #blessingindisguise
This is bad

Iwamato's psychology lecture yesterday really really really eff'd up my mind &amp; I'm programmed to definitely have trust issues
"The happiest/loudest people in class should be checked for drug possessions" *whole class looks at me
unni is the nicest professor &amp; a kind little man but dude tf are you teaching? Logic or history or the weather today
You could be setting yourself up for disappointment today by i... More for Scorpio 
but i'm all about trying new things ayye bring it
no one human really gets over everything completely. I don't believe that, u can try to forgive forget, but how u feel is like so powerful
does anyone believe God places events and people in life to happen in perfect order. Like just when you lose hope you know it's amazing.
I shouldn't have started my first impression with a caked face. Bc now when I wanna stay simple ppl expect u to still look good.
Giving Jess x10 Starbucks orders before class bless her soul
You can rely on your closest friends to come through with flyi... More for Scorpio 
the part when Cinderella told the step mother, "I forgive you" lol my mom's like "shit I woulda stuck middle finger" hahah
All your friends are bums and drop out but I'm still scared of em
Took for granted the time we had together
Resentment -Beyoncé <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> #preach
Riri understood
I think I unconsciously punched myself in my sleep. I woke up to a bruised cheekbone &amp; I think I remember doing it prolly hallucinating tho
sometimes it's good to just not know anything, it's less headache but when it's in your face how do u ignore it. Can't deny it is my problem
I didn't know giving af meant I was being dumb. Yooo that's cool. Caring for people makes you dumb I understand
kinda care even less rn
@ASAP_Bryce *stay home with Angel
hate when ppl stare at my legs walking or somethin fff' outta here
Although it seems as if your choices are limited today, you ca... More for Scorpio 
Done roasting Bryce for now. Its gettin embarrassing we break &amp; make up but just the other day i put him on blast to the public. shame on me
Talents: chewing up people, they start feeling suicidal
You have set your heart on a much bigger prize today -- an emo... More for Scorpio 
Let's get flexible
ask me what I think
didn't think I'd see you today <HEAVY MULTIPLICATION X>️
Hypocrisy not welcome <NO ENTRY SIGN>
Hoping this gut feeling dies out soon
Wish I could volunteer today
A heated debate with an acquaintance can rattle your nerves to... More for Scorpio 
am I being punked right now ?
all my hunnies look so beauts tonight <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SPARKLES>
I just spent three hours writing a single page letter has got to be the most effort I've put in months
Yo it's so weird that we all have that sense to know when someone is staring at us so we instinctively make eye contact back
You are usually up for a good challenge when you know that you... More for Scorpio 
@vaaanx3 hahaha so true!!! Missing you and fluffy btw<HEART WITH ARROW>
Separating anxiety makes you this different person. Insecure and psycho it's so ugly but your heart is heavy it's the only way to cope idk
lol the parish scholarship meeting today was about meditating and imagining your personal garden. was trippy.
@_MiinMin yayy !!
I have to start saving numbers shoot!! all the time always answering like who dis so shame we boyz doe
@_MiinMin are you gonna post this on IG
Gloomy, to match my thoughts/sanity/heart
I dunno bout yall but I luv dis weather <CLOUD>️<CYCLONE><SNOWFLAKE>️
some stuff u just don't wanna acknowledge happened.
and I'd never did this before no
every time I hear hold you down it's like I'm assuring I'll take care of myself
We were just talking bout how we wishes the POD delivered breakfast to classes &amp; then Mel delivered breakfast to us hahahah MVP
You may be feeling restless, eager to act out on the aggressiv... More for Scorpio 
they say your friends gon act blind when u fuck around lmao it's true
They say that your darkest hour come before your dawn
wth who literally steals outta your hand.
so please babe don't judge me, if you love me, let it be beautiful
appreciate what's here for you now, not what's coming, not what has been.
My dream last night was hope
Sam smith to start my morning <PURPLE HEART>
There is no stopping you today because of the powerful stress ... More for Scorpio 
that was a mistake next time don't get black tea milked
How it feels when people use ALL CAPS<SPEAKER WITH THREE SOUND WAVES> w/Pagekennedy #WhyAreYouYellingAtMe (Vine by @McPhonz) 
I always feel bad when ppl start packing up minutes before class ends cause it's like disrespectful to the teacher
I had so much planned for this month I was so excited but now I just wanna put it to the side it's not worth it
You might be inexplicably fearful of what you don't know today... More for Scorpio 
Go away = Come back. 
I hate you = I love you. 
I'm fine = I'm not okay.
Whenever people snap their plate lunch I get all mouth watery idkk only because I want their sides like the Mac salad and kimchi or corn lol
lost a few pounds tho these past months cause my baby don't surprise me with no hot Cheetos and Heath bars anymore
meditated for almost an hour &amp; 15 min <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> feeling recharged <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
books are kinda expensive still on iBooks I'd rather just get a hard copy<FLUSHED FACE>
one of those days where I'm just like "well this sucks" oh wellll
genotypes tho kms
You don't need to tone down your intensity today; your powerfu... More for Scorpio 
"don't relive old war stories"
lmaoo it's only mean cause it came from me. chill fam if it was someone else guarantee would ya'll think it was harmless.
Expect my agitation to be heightened af this next month. Hurry up and come home you irraz. <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> my heart hurts
secretly you've passed my test in flyin colors
@amandaa_basto cuute af <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Happy Birthday @amandaa_basto Jah will provide all day err'day <KISSING CAT FACE WITH CLOSED EYES><HEART WITH ARROW><WOMAN WITH BUNNY EARS><TWO HEARTS><PARTY POPPER><CONFETTI BALL><BALLOON> 
avi. tryin act edgy or sum10 
our denim party was off da hook fyi 
You may be a harsh judge of yourself or others, and could inad... More for Scorpio 
front camera suxx prolly cause I donut take care
unable to include emojis while texting idk how
me and my baby had a good day, just not with each other 
A window of opportunity appears to be shutting today, yet you ... More for Scorpio 
I purposely stay off snapchat Friday nights so I don't get jealous of other's fun
my mom got her new office today and the first thing we talk about is the feng shui of it
ty 
not only is sephora's lip liners the cheapest, but the best. $5 deals
Reminds me of conditioning where it's mentally possible to push thru in the beginning till you're thirty seconds till dropping &amp; can't go on
it's actually getting harder to be patient now that we're inches away
they changed block 4 schedule &amp; now I have nursing classes everyday, instead of my previous plan where u could have Mon &amp; Tues off next sem

me: he dies during sex and leaves me 150 million dollars
"Jell how do u attract meat heads" <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
I don't have anything for the club in red or green or yellow wth hahah
You are tempted to sweeten a bitter pill with a spoonful of su... More for Scorpio 
hurry up and call me already so I can be ok duh
back to sleep bye
I wanna talk about me to no one but you but always u think that I'm okay and that life's breezy how I wanna just be a baby bout small stuff
finna sleep right about now b4 I piss someone else off
we do stupid shit all the time don't apologize for being u
time for chill
THIS HEADACHE IS SO BAD RN I'M TRIPPING .
drake
Your friends may question your actions today if you close your... More for Scorpio 
@alika_moon happy birthday bu<FACE THROWING A KISS>
I wish you showed me off like i do you
kinda proud I did nothin to my eyebrows today like yu know really embracing simplicity. A quality very important to practice time to time
brah ok good vibes for now please gotta set the mood right for a good night &amp; great tomorrow
If you are actually proud that people hate you.. that alone speaks for itself.
I don't need to explain myself excuse you
it's so embarrassing you instigate bout it
Didn't feel like 4 hours I was studying at the library. We were being productive the whole time too &amp; still didn't get through everything<LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
you are my version
The vending machine just stole $3.25 from me but I ain't even mad bc I feel like I owe the universe for all the good things happening today
my life feels so complete at this very moment in time
Your confidence is the ultimate key to your happiness today, e... More for Scorpio 
seeing my counselor always makes me feel like I'm in trouble &amp; smart at the same time
@glennycq @promxdresses
@glennycq put it on my btq!
this too shall pass
What a rush
It doesn't matter how ingenious your thoughts are now; they ar... More for Scorpio 
shit he got moneyyy
damn that hit home. the feelss
Mel da real mvp
It seems as if everyone is depending on you today, making you ... More for Scorpio 
Idgi u can stay so calm and unmoved by good news. Do you need help defrosting your heart?
Lol I'm deleting all this in ten min.
I'm contradicting myself bc it's late &amp; I'm up thinkin &amp; half of me hates ur existence &amp; the other half wants to chill with u &amp; be straight
Also prolly not gonna have my reoccurring dream bout you cheating on me n e more cause it already happened, therefore not in my mind worryin
Bruh I'm still hella mad at you. You ungrateful ass boy of 23 months but it's a new week shall I forget bout da bullshizz or naw. Prolly naw
I want to snuggle wit my honey but I js put em on blast I can't admit to missing him nor can I physically is the dilemma
I can't believe ppl would drop this opportunity. like yea it's hard but anything in life is hard just suck it up bc we r lucky 2 b here fam.
undivided attention
I can hold a grudge for pretty long sorry
#swerve 
I still hate yu
Your future seems so bright when you think about all the possi... More for Scorpio 
spent two hours on the phone repeating how much I hate you basically
missing my cousins I just wanna chill tonight 
you look good when you beggin'
does Lexy Grey even speak English.
I still hate you
Ironically I just watched the episode of Owen cheating on Cristina &amp; he was in the military b4 like damn u never know behind closed doors
I hate you!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate long distance &amp; trust issues when I shouldn't be, I'm young but I feel like I'm having chest pain all the time
You hang out with girls and I let you but when I ask you if you're keeping your distance from em YOU SEND ME PICS OF THEM UNDER YOUR CHIN!!!
I wonder how different my life would have been..
You can look off into the future and see your distant goals qu... More for Scorpio 
dammit i broke it
why would you get it and not use it stupid
Everyone's inviting me to different plans tonight &amp; I'm not trying to choose what to do, tbh I'm trying to stay home and watch Netflix
ayye shoutout to all us Scorpios 
Is it a crime that I like things to go my way
It may appear as if relief is on the way now, but there are no... More for Scorpio 
This dress made me go cross eyed and color blind. (Vine by @lizzzako) 
That's trippy
Sharing romantic fantasies with someone you love isn't all tha... More for Scorpio 
I think I deserve a break before bed aka privileges to watch another episode, then off to rest for a serious new day ahead
Gratitude is the seed to happiness
you have friends crossing mountains for you and never once do u return the favor, but if it's for a guy you're all for going all out with it
why is it that you think you don't owe anything to anyone?
Give it to God and go to sleep
Mixed my green apple shampoo with tresemme conditioner &amp;&amp; it smells like heaven
my virtual daughter, Arizona needs attention
she too into me I'm more into money
if I'm wearing a full face to school, it means I have a test. it's good luck to start your day right.
work smart, not hard kunana
Branson's snaps always funnyy af
wish bryce was available to tell me im right bout everything rn. Just needa good picker upper. any applicants
God's blessings rn
there's a fine line between being comfortable and just taking advantage
I just forgot my bag of shoes hahahah
I wish u tried
Your creativity knows no bounds today, yet, paradoxically, you... More for Scorpio 
I have things in my head I can't say to nobody cause it'll make me sounds crazy
what did I do doe
fuuq I'm jealous
1 look says it all... <EYES> #DidYouSmashTheHomie   
I'm pumped
hey ladies, check out the Prom btq<DRESS><DRESS><DRESS> Just added new dresses 
You have significant goals that grow more refined day by day, ... More for Scorpio 
embrace your potential 
and prepare for success.
You're entitled to feel
never do skip August in car rides.
Word of the day: Afakasi
Warm and fuzzy feelings quickly evaporate as you encounter the... More for Scorpio 
@zachyyyboyyy me too
hurt people, hurt people
if you're about to bring up the past that you know well is too soon to mention bout, bye.
plus i think i have a concussion
sensitive af &amp; not about to apologize for it
you'll get over it some day soon
Throw away the recipes and forget the rules; follow your gut i... More for Scorpio 
can't stay mad for too long<KISS> #bks 
i have nothing but good intentions, how am i always getting in trouble.
i listened to the whole song just to hear him say lifestyle a few times
I prepare all these notes and stuff for Merlene but I just suck at teaching kids.
feeling really lazy
it sucks being more into something
Rolex's don't tick-tock
But damn it baby, my time costs
So I need payback for all the time lost
damn this better be the last time I reschedule
I keep dragging out this date but I'll get it done
You are exploring new territory close to an unfamiliar emotion... More for Scorpio 
this is such a big decision, I don't know what to name my virtual son.
we ain't spoke in so long, prolly put me in the past
everyone's trying
our song is playing :(
A combative atmosphere may reveal a difference of opinions at ... More for Scorpio 
the stars are warning I listen to my heart
every time I go through this all I do is sleep <SLEEPY FACE>
planning to spend my Friday night raising my virtual child on Pearson
I want to live where it rains everyday
summer come faster
OMG IM SO MAD THIS LADY DECIDED TO FEED THE BIRDS NOW SHES ATTRACTING EVERY BIRD IN DOWNTOWN <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>
Your natural sense of timing gives you the ability to efficien... More for Scorpio 
Chinese New Year starts tomorrow &amp; lent starts too. I gotta think bout what to give up
@amandaa_basto miss you more. Yo my fault I should be texting yu more often I keep complaining bout being obamaself.  <GRINNING CAT FACE WITH SMILING EYES><TWO HEARTS>
@amandaa_basto tell that to Bryce. hahaha when you and your boo thang make a year or two Ima ask u dis question &amp; you'll tell me the same <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><HEART WITH ARROW>
when you're with someone for so long, arguments can be so lame, like i fall asleep in the middle of a fight then the next day were all good
crab legs for dindin
just realized I changed an answer &amp; it was my first choice. always like that yo
There is an ongoing stress between your desire to connect and ... More for Scorpio 
just tell me what I wanna hear tho
U shouldn't hug me I'll just make you brown
Complex issues could slow you down at home today, but only if ... More for Scorpio 
32 questions u gave and we gotta answer 3
Omgg the heart is so complicated. &amp; I'm talking about the anatomy &amp; physiology of it.
36 25 24
you gave me Chingy to think bout it when I'm missin u
When's the next time you gonna mention me cause I'm waiting on it. How's love ?
Lmaoo don't try Muva
broke(n)
Cy's tough love makes me laugh always
You could be worried about one-too-many loose ends unraveling ... More for Scorpio 
My mom was bout to criticize my smile &amp;&amp; I ran away screaming help
People don't act until the last minute &amp; it becomes my problem
Wtf
I'm so excited my mom is coming home with fried chicken.
idk I don't think bout it too much but I always end up wishin i did something different
YOU CANT TAKE A HINT
shooot i forgot to do friday's thread for the past two weeks. omggg hybrid classes are scary i cant be doin dis
You can sense the energy rising, as if the internal pressure i... More for Scorpio 
I'm still pissed but life is good
Everyone's dolled up today I love it <SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
on a date
in an argument with myself basically.
I messed up &amp; now my conscience is regulating more than my reality.
Playing a specific role in your family dynamics could help you... More for Scorpio 
How can someone make me so sad, but still I only want them to stay?
12:19 and I already want to smother you in your sleep
I'm so grateful to have ppl in my life that show me so much love everyday <TWO HEARTS><SPEECH BALLOON>
Woke up from a nap to a long, motivation text complete with emojis and hearts aww I feel the l-o-v-e<WHITE SMILING FACE>️
It's not polite to stare
aww ppl have roses today
You may be considering acquiring something you have wanted for... More for Scorpio 
wish I had a better habit of saving numbers. Can't find nobody on snap
Maricar helped me get a SNA shirt &amp; now my life will be complete hehe
my skin is getting better yaaay
@Alfreedo_sauuce <SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
Started off my morning with Neyo &amp; it's got me up in my feelings all day.
I got foundation on my shirt again
You thought you could finish everything that's expected of you... More for Scorpio 
I'm not strong enough to delete everything hahah
trying to avoid gettin messy
I'm gonna save my money for laser hair removal on my next birthday
earned my break today
You might slip into a temporary funk as the tumultuous Scorpio... More for Scorpio 
I'd rather have someone "clingy", at least it means they give af.Sometimes guys'll say they trust u as an excuse not 2 check up all the time
Omalie joined the army aww warms my heart
will my face shrink with my body if I lose more weight. Or are there specific chin/cheek exercises I could try to help out
aw man Kevin telling me I'm too old got me thinking I'm not doing enough with my life
A excellent kid doesn't just happen bc parents tell you to be one. It depends on the kid, if they wanna make it happen.
choked up rn
There's no reason to add more stress to an already delicate si... More for Scorpio 
Bryce has become a really good listener &amp; I think it's thanks to the distance
@_MiinMin we gotta designate once a week at least!!!
This is soo me hahaha 
Releasing unrealistic expectations can lead to a new lease on ... More for Scorpio 
my bf's tatt is so sexy I can't wait to get my hands on it for the first time. #2moremonths
@_MiinMin is my boyfriend #2 tbh hahah
SOJA at the Grammy's <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<YELLOW HEART><GREEN HEART>
going through this box of mints like they're chips oops
You often have more going on behind the scenes than others kno... More for Scorpio 
I really want to ask if you're okay, but that would require us to communicate and tho I love you, it's not my place to show I care anymore
the highlight of my day was interpreting Bryce's dream
I'll hold you down
@_MiinMin HAHAHA <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
@_MiinMin yasss!!<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD><OK HAND SIGN>
Your energy reserve may be on empty today, making you feel rat... More for Scorpio 
Perfect Friday, two classes canceled
People at work keep you on your toes today, for their ideas se... More for Scorpio 
@jazr0n @amandaa_basto my sisters aww <KISSING CAT FACE WITH CLOSED EYES> my heart is incomplete rn
Friend-zoning this dude AF rn but he's not catching my drift
You need to decide whether or not you can keep up social appea... More for Scorpio 
H8 when they come out grainy
throwback aw <HONEY POT> 
There's something irritating w/ people who have no shame. Usually I admire it but idk you take it too far. It's too strong of a personality.
You can't escape from your powerful feelings, even if it's not... More for Scorpio 
Earning
@mariajizzica trill lolol
I ain't even judging if you smoke a lot. I'm just thinking damn, you got moneeeyyy cause weed ain't cheap. Stoner? ..More like big ballaahh
I'm so excited to eat marukame
I wear your winter coat, the one you love to wear
Ball is life
miss him 
<SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><WEARY FACE><SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><KISSING CAT FACE WITH CLOSED EYES> amor
You watch my snaps but don't text me okaaaay
I miss my cousins
Omg throwbacks to oct/nov last year are so embarrassing. Pua's snap make me shame af
The difference between what you want and what you must do is g... More for Scorpio 
i gotta stop deleting my messages
it's not in my nature to fight about it
when most of my tweet are cavil about school and less bout boys, u know I'm doing good mommy
i just complained on email to my teacher over a squeaking desk. hopefully she doesn't hate me for this unnecessary request.
#salty
come thru
"it doesn't matter how you start, it's how you finish" :)
new-age music while i do my homework tonight because there's no time to meditate unfortunately.
how do I feel bout dat
You might feel as if there's no way out of your previous commi... More for Scorpio 
I swear, I'm best of friends with the people everyone else seems to hate.
I'm a hypocrite &amp; I'm working on it
portrait style is my fav
donut even give af
that was beautiful
feelin myself rn
when your leg is itchy while wearing jeans is the worst
You may tumble down the rabbit hole today, a victim of sweet i... More for Scorpio 
I just want to deliver whatever I promised
The awkward first movie date move. 
Surprise surprise<BOUQUET> 
Swervin' <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> 
So fetch #Itsgonnahappen 
<FACE THROWING A KISS> in love 
someone else got me
triceps are still hurting, it's been a week
k1speed for his day 
handshake so firm lol <GREEN HEART>
Everything remind me of you
Although you might have a case of the blues today, you can cha... More for Scorpio 
always obsessed catching up with aldrin. I think I mention it every time it happens, bc it's never as often as I'd wish, but my fav thing
change happens so quickly
Grateful doe
Brown Eyes -Destiny's Child
yayy goals. Got on the explore page cause my vape videos hahah
Your emotions seem raw today but you're still capable of movin... More for Scorpio 
Idgaaaffff
Satan takes a human form in Regina George
okay done hating, now back to loving this imperfect life i live and love love love
i hate when you're bored, you end up instigating all this shit your nose ain't supposed to be. mind youuu
i hate when ppl expect life to encompass misery, like every time u see them they're expecting updated concern.Jesus died for us to love life
You may have to confront issues of low self-esteem today, maki... More for Scorpio 
I can't remember if I did it or if you did
I own my mistakes
getting butterflies thinking about how much fun we have
*the way they are with their dogs say a lot bout how they'll treat bae
Chris brown songs are like drugs
I love me enough for the both of us
my snap is just all deez military ppl doing werk in the field
Your willingness to make a commitment means a lot today becaus... More for Scorpio 
@shyvnnexnvc_ heheh I got no closet space af rn <HOCHO><HOCHO>
@sophiyaaaaaa on dis<GROWING HEART><GROWING HEART> 
dug out all these oldies for sell my dresses but no Juan bit my bait 
Soo scandalous
saw you at your worst and i still followed
my back is so messed
idk who to follow with my prom btq cause majority of peeps graduated
making a spotify was the best decision
I just called Apple Store to tell them I dropped my laptop and that's it... I didn't need help, I just wanted to tell someone who cared
main thing is it works
Thank you God
today will be a great day
You may have an encounter with a friend or a lover today that ... More for Scorpio 
Can't help but flinch sometimes when ppl hit/tap their front camera on something as they snapchat. I'm lame
another night missing Fluffy
I'm blaming the asteroid for these moody feels, imbalance in the cosmos &amp; energies, I dont even have a problem I'm just caught up in thought
Pandora rn <DIRECT HIT><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
distance really does unfold the kinks hidden in even the most compatible relationships &amp; it's something to appreciate aside from fearing<THOUGHT BALLOON>
I'm in trouble I already scratched my screen
my advice will sound more like a lecture. Prepare yourself.
profiling ju with trust issues
proud of myself
don't judge by potential, they either can deliver or not
idgaf
when I'm ready
Where y'at
I didn't mean to let you go
Karmic forces are at play behind the scenes, making or breakin... More for Scorpio 
idc I'm still gonna do it
i don't want to see it
It might feel as if unforeseen situations at work are running ... More for Scorpio 
Don't like it? Don't allow it.
You don't always get what you give.
You get what you a…
no one held a gun to your head and said sell him out. You did it willingly. #Ruthless
fed up so much
this  
Why would you send me that? are you stupid or do you just like making me mad

Not with gifts. 

Or your stupid money. 

Spoil me with your time.
@jazr0n I'm a scrappah in my dreams<FLEXED BICEPS><HAMMER><HAMMER>no mess wit me cuzz
after all the things I've done, I will love you better now <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
The last time u asked me nicely..
had a dream I was beating up Bryce in class and I swung a hydroflask across his face and dented his skull
Ever woke up so happy because you're grateful it was just a dream since the dream was so awful
words have wings, so speak good things
I was out doing my dirt
the only thing I can do right now is wait and I'm okay with that
I feel like I'm talking to a wall
you're gonna feel bad for treating me like shit later
Losing your temper over something that may ultimately be unimp... More for Scorpio 
Admiration for autumn leaves music vid bc it was filmed in Hawaii. My fav its ironic
@RobbieSilan you're a ray of sunshine<SUN WITH FACE>
I miss holding fluffy like a baby
Fluffy is forevaa my screensaver
I got a handful of friends but they're real af
Talents: overthinking
That was really simple and convenient, not to mention how nice everyone was. I'm so happy today was just my day.
YAY MEE FOR BEING PRODUCTIVE TODAY
OMGGGG<FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 
You may feel as if you're witnessing a changing of the guards;... More for Scorpio 
I'm annoyed Bryce had to get so mad at me this one time that he deleted all our pics. Now there's no evidence of our abundant escapades.
When your supermodel/IG famous friend posts a pic in class &amp; all you hear the whole time is her phone vibrate non stop, like a heart beat
let me sample Juan fast Juan
@_jaythecreator berry berry much
@_MiinMin sooo stoked!!!<WATER WAVE><VOLCANO>
how did i finish that fast
i forgot my phone again wtf
Physical expression is critical today while the evocative Moon... More for Scorpio 
@_MiinMin Always booboo<FACE THROWING A KISS><FACE THROWING A KISS><BEATING HEART>
always getting foundation on my test before i turn it in
"When you get a new phone you're so careful with it. But as weeks wear on you become more reckless with it. We're like that with people too"
h8 smiling with teeth now, my double chin gets emphasized. Ja feel
is it just me or does it feel like when you untie your hair after a workout, it looks fleeek 
Ala moana's renovations got me confused af
sex is sacred SMH
How many times I gotta tell you I don't like that
There's blood on my shirt. how
It might not matter how many times you go over the details on ... More for Scorpio 
@sophiyaaaaaa happy birthday super star!! <WHITE MEDIUM STAR>️<PRINCESS><BALLOON><CONFETTI BALL><PARTY POPPER><PINEAPPLE>xoxoxo
cheesy but trill 
i can be your honeycomb
haven't wrote a current issue paper in forevs. Rustyy
all through our friendship, Court thought I was part Chinese!! lolzz
did you get married and not tell me?
I'm having fun
@xomellaa I luv dis
Valentine's is on a Saturday whuut.
Although you are interested in getting ahead on the job, you a... More for Scorpio 
Old habits die hard
It's true when they say your thoughts become your reality
job hunting nayyy
thinking about your laugh makes me smile

Proactive language: I will, I choose, and I can cont…
You can tell that your inner landscape is undergoing dramatic ... More for Scorpio 
Seriously some will do anything to prove dtf eww
the worst
my shirt is always wrinkled idgaf
Ever like made peace w/ someone, then out of nowhere u randomly think about why u were mad in the first place &amp; then start hating them again
Hypocrisy
idc
Oddly enough, you're chattier than usual, but you glean more m... More for Scorpio 
yayy she's 20 <PARTY POPPER><CONFETTI BALL> 
"getting no message, is also a message"
a monumental moment where I overcame listening to your bull
when a good thing goes bad it's not the end of the world,
this is a test from God. How bad do I deserve this second chance.
<CRYING FACE><AIRPLANE>️
missing fluffy <PAW PRINTS>
@glennycq auu shieeet jah feel u <DIRECT HIT><DIRECT HIT>
Asia cruise made like two BAB songs &amp; then disappeared &amp; I'll never get over dat
throwback playlists make me so happy 07 jams
I'm embarrassed I ever called my eyebrows fleek back in HS when they looked like half a loop, no arch, so atrocious, I apologize
a little love is better than none
thang's 
what do I do
you kind of forget how life was ever like with them, once they're not in your life anymore
that's degrading and no one should be talked to like that
You do not want to accept no as the final answer, so you might... More for Scorpio 
Puta
I miss you
@shamamae omg whut badass
You're ask for me just when I stopped checking up on you
Your relationship to your material possessions is undergoing a... More for Scorpio 
JAJA TOLD ME IN CERTIFIED TO WIPE ASS lmao dickss
If you date me, we will meditate together
When the ahi and rice ratio isn't even &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; smh
where can I get some hot wings for lunch
why does my teacher fly back every week to teach at Cham, but lives in Maui. that sounds expensive.
You have too much happening in your life now to let your anger... More for Scorpio 
@_MiinMin correction, WE have a big &amp; bright a future ahead of us XOXOX yass
@_MiinMin bwahah my patience is being tested <REVOLVING HEARTS><FACE MASSAGE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> TY bby
why you so busy 4 what doing. are you cheating.
I couldn't do without you
stranger danger
Your own thoughts might overwhelm you today until you stop res... More for Scorpio 
@ASAP_Bryce  
"When your ex is all in their feelings trying to get your attention ...#ibelike"HAHAH 
Luxury is not having to give af bout it
How does it feel like to live life as if all things and people are replaceable.
you really are the definition of an asshole. Makes me wanna be you just to understand you.
i keep having the same dream that bryce is cheating and i watch myself cry in a reflection, then i wake up
that sounded really stupid. but it had a deeper meaning
how do I say bro without feeling dumb
good luck &amp; be safe at BT <REGIONAL INDICATOR SYMBOL LETTER U + REG><AIRPLANE>️so proud of you alreadyy<CRYING CAT FACE>fam loves you<PURPLE HEART><BLUE HEART> 
love when friends come over js 2 chill. like that's true friendship rite
hope no one thinks I'm a douche after telling them what their zodiac sign said they're like
PUA IS THE BEST SECRET SANTA EVERRRRRR &lt;33333
@zachyyyboyyy aww!!
branden does not look 30..
i keep forgetting my phone everywhere
You may seek solace within the confines of your own inner worl... More for Scorpio 
always so shocked how fast I get home when mel takes me I wuvv her
Taking 19 credits this semester aandd have no idea what my schedule is, as in what my first class time/place is even today
I can't believe how productive I was during winter break
Me during clinicals <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>  
You are usually quite comfortable knowing more than you share,... More for Scorpio 
That's so embarrassing hahaha. I hate when people make so much noise dead lifting or whatever at the gym. Sounds painful. Pretty soon hernia
That is none of your business STOP
Gently floating downstream in the flow of your feelings sounds... More for Scorpio 
people are some malicious mutha heffazz I suggest don't share none of your dreams till they actually come true or you will be robbed of it<SPEECH BALLOON><THOUGHT BALLOON>
yayy finally getting to enjoy my break, which will last for a day... :)
haw man i already have my first homework assignment for a class i didnt even attend yet.. like vhaat is dis really college life
Life is so precious. Makes me wonder if the problem we call problems today even justify living life to the absolute fullest.
@courtxoxox_ Thanks youu bby g<FACE THROWING A KISS><FACE THROWING A KISS>
I look 14 yo w/o make up
@whatwouldkamido Yasss<WOMAN WITH BUNNY EARS><HEART WITH ARROW> TY baby girl <FACE THROWING A KISS>
@jaycelynbrah oh that's good!! take it asap so you don't forget the material. Just memorize the supplies &amp; the steps kinda just flow natural
@jaycelynbrah &amp; u know how the CNA class already costs money like $800+ I was scared to mess up with that kine of money. u know what I mean
@jaycelynbrah the class will prepare you very well! The only thing is I felt lots of pressure b/c its $225 just to take the prometrics exam.
bruuh me &amp; my boy finna gettin certified for sum10 liiike power couple or naw
scariest morning of my life tbh felt like a manini NCLEX
Certified!!!!! Cheehooo. CNA status babyyyy<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><BLUE HEART><SYRINGE><PILL>
sarcasm brahh
Thanks for wishing me luck you're be best evaaa
You are socially astute today and intuitively know exactly how... More for Scorpio 
@OnlyBrezzyRR_ send mee sum<SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
over studying isn't good either right
do I even
At least I'm trying u know
The familiar pattern of your daily routine is often reassuring... More for Scorpio 
you wanna talk about finding happiness but well.. trick is, don't fuck with other's. Karma plays a game. Get with it.
always feel like me and chan share a mom. sistazz
this shake was soo good jizzin 
my other half is so busy atm
"@_MiinMin: Omg. Why you gta be so damn cuuuuuute!? <SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> #navy"
my man full, he just ate.
curve<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>curve<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>curve<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>curve<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>
Every Filipino girl: nursing
proud of my mommy. she provides &amp; blessed for it.
You might have to take severe criticism from someone today, ye... More for Scorpio 
<SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO>
when you have something that's good, it'll always work no matter the distance<CLOSED LOCK WITH KEY>
My friendz r awesome
keep busy
You are less focused on your personal issues today than you ar... More for Scorpio 
always thinking so logical I forget that shit just happens sometimes. there probably is no hidden meaning to behavior.
I want to understand this, but first myself
I value everything my parents ever have to comment upon my life choices, but the trickiest is doubting &amp; confirming what's worth and wants.
I want God to tell me how bad did I fuck up this time &amp; if it's salvageable
i'm determined to make this right
been studying all day, then wanting a break to talk to Bryce but can't cause now he's gotta study. Time difference sucksssss
You often prefer working behind the scenes, but the proud Leo ... More for Scorpio 
exhaling guilt is the first step to redemption
hot topic is weird af. but where else do u buy cheap rings.
written in the stars perhaps but I differ
Sometimes taking a vacation sounds like a better idea than it ... More for Scorpio 
wtf is wrong with me I'm so ungrateful. I want to show my gratitude but am I too late. U know what I mean
I'm convinced half of the best bloggers in the world are scorpios
i hate when ppl make fun of me for trying 2 be positive and spread good vibes
full moon tonight caution
its been the longest winter without you
we can do this!!!!
that's pretty sickin twisted
and I keep texting you

that clearly means I give
a shit and care about you
the only way to approach it is in confidence
it's wayyyyy too much work to even try and cheat. no thx
always insecure how my bedroom smells like when i have company
she still loves me
It really could be a lovely day in the neighborhood if you're ... More for Scorpio 
Time is not on our side
Cause she's waving goodbye goodbye
Smart phones, dumb shit
don't you feel bad?
Y.A.S.
every Ciara song reminds me of that time you tried singing to me <CAT FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
There's so much on your plate that you may be secretly tempted... More for Scorpio 
the cosmos are trying to tell me something
anxious to break into song, but in consideration of factors such as i live with people who'd mind my whiny voice.
missin my cheer bod
Cassie is so beauts aw
burnt my macaroni saad
you dont owe anyone anything
people are so sensitive sheezz. or am i just a bitch.
Dear God, make these 4 months go by quickly. I'll be a good girl.
moments like these i kind of forget why I let you go
@_MiinMin me everyday!! lolol
a genuine apology would subdue
if there's no time, someone else has
Pick and choose your battles. What's important now should be handled, now. The rest of the shit you want to do can understand that too. kkkk
I really like it, I love you're smile
You may already have your schedule set in stone but you might ... More for Scorpio 
currently analyzing my horoscope for the new year.
really proud of myself. don't mind the rest.
no thanks
benefit of the doubt
you're boring
Maintaining stability in your relationships keeps you on your ... More for Scorpio 
will you take me to Nirvana?
"take care yourself before you can take care others"
sharing a kiss with myself this January 1st with a New Years resolution to start loving me more. 
can i just turn back the clock so I could redo a few things before we start this new year
4s quality <PILE OF POO> 
@_MiinMin love youuuu girl<KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES><TWO HEARTS> happy New Year's Eve
Setting a steady pace while doing chores today offers you the ... More for Scorpio 
2015 sounds like the future still doe..like there should be flying cars already &amp; wearing foil outfits, or is that ignorant of me to comment
watch everyone start saying "last" this &amp; that starting midnight
these bath bomb memes are grossing me out, it's not even that funny
I remember myself attempting to apply for a "left-handed scholarship" around this time last year
bryce knows how many times I'll watch the music video to Hold you down, just so i can hear DJ Khaled call his chick smart &amp; to say his name
"don't compare me to anyone"
self-loathing is me
spent big money on food this break im sad
why does the quality of High School Musical 1 still look good considering it was made in 2006
Today:
*trying to grasp material at the last minute 
Kendra: damn are you ready for this exam?
Me: naww wishing i was Karrueche rn
my boyfriend is psycho. I luv it #ThatsMeRightThere 
My feet smell like saimin
How did I get away with not knowing how to do perineal care until today
Kat just told me my teeth look so straight that they look like dentures <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
lolz cham being balls to the walls &amp; taking the exam next week even doe no need
Blocked
ayo
It's irritating if someone quickly agrees with you in word, ye... More for Scorpio 
tf am i doing sometimes i stay the most stupidest shi
@_cyyyyy Happy Birthday!! <ROSE>
all in week's time frame, exchanged the Kate Spade bag from the color nude, to green, then settling with black. Nbd
fam 
tomorrow will be a new
Resting bitch face is on strong today. Tired &amp; too much thinking going on in my head
Note to self: make notes
If I'm not being over dramatic about it, it's probably because you're not important
I always pass by like a point <CHERRIES>
Approaching your work from a new angle today also alters the r... More for Scorpio 
happiest on FT
i really want lindsey to make a comeback
how i feel bout changing linens is I'm bound to smudge foundation all over this whiteness soo its a head up if yall see browness on there
perks bout you is saying exactly what im thinking haha
in a better mood
sometimes I get mad over the order of my pics on IG.
need boo to make French toast rn. Idk how
done with the scene for awhile. School first.
You want to show your competence and loyalty today by shining ... More for Scorpio 
RIP to my New Year's, Valentine's, and March 29 that I will be spending bummed
dis 
a nurse today just told me there was a CNA there the other week who looked just like me annndd her name was Angelica too
I don't have much to give, but I don't care for gold
been standing all day.
Sharing laughter brings healing with the Moon traveling throug... More for Scorpio 
truthfully i wanted a wallet &amp; Lindor truffles for christmas... but i think the real problem is that i smell junk, cause I got choke perfume
what we deserve is all up to what we think we do
have faith
///none of my business -honey cocaine
why you always tripping, you a side .
what am i going to do next. I'm not happy here.
lol i forgot everyone else is on break still.
about that gwola
so let me restart
downing
Not feeling confident today, but my teacher likes me heheh
"show me off like a star"
I just want you to look at me the same
Your  joie de vivre is contagious today as you demonstrate you... More for Scorpio 
If i had a dollar for every person who told me "be a good girl okay" when saying goodbye tonight. obvi ya I am alwayzz
@courtxoxox_ yass haha. In Iwamoto's!! <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><KISSING FACE>
understand I'm really really sorry for what I did
&amp; Juicy Couture will never die <GROWING HEART>
a selfie stick? Awww my fam knows me too well I luvvv<HEART WITH ARROW> hashtag narcissistic probs
first one to get home, home alone. Soo opening my presents obamaself <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
My nose keeps bleeding. been happening for 2 weeks now
Come home <PENSIVE FACE>
disappointed in myself
There are some really pretty girls out here, but so dang ratchet
sick to my stomach every time I think about if my efforts will go to waste. I want this to work out so badly.

please don't change your mind about me
When you get fam involved with it, you're asking for trouble obvi
As always, our fam is notorious for being late AF
fuq yo feelings doe
my boyfriend is so shy and quiet in person, but on social media he swears like one sailor
Family is forevaazz. Happy birthday Jesus!! 
U think liliha bakery is busy right now hmm
You are usually at home with emotional intensity, but this doe... More for Scorpio 
I ain't even mad this dude is checking out Bryce. he can touch if he likes too. i dont blame him .
@amandaa_basto haha amanda be niiice !! lolol
We a little too young
Little too dumb
Maybe just a little too sprung
no one gives you enough credit for your 360 change in attitude. you're such a awesome person to be around.
that was so fast what
no, you can't watch music videos with me.
You are possessed with self-confidence today, especially if so... More for Scorpio 
how is it that some people are still fixated w/ a presentiment that having a boyfriend at a young age probably means you're stupid in school
Your resolute nature sees you through some sticky situations t... More for Scorpio 
do you
<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><HEART WITH ARROW>
Your ideas can be so outrageous now that it's impossible to te... More for Scorpio 
i thought there was like a bug swarming me, but it was just a blonder strand of hair sticking out of my bun by the corner of my eye
feeling bad b/c Chanel doesn't get much time outdoors tho
Saint Laurent is my dreaaam pls.
"Don't <PILE OF POO> where you eat" <FROG FACE><HOT BEVERAGE>️
Sucks 2 suck bruh
I mean I understand too..If I was a bum rn I'd make myself sound better than actually my reality is to people who ask what I'm doing in life
Can't choose fam &amp; it's unfortunate
I <GROWING HEART> introducing coffee ice creams to lil kids <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Containing your emotions is no small feat now that the Caprico... More for Scorpio 
Breehh I'm trippin
you's the very one wishing for them to fail &amp; still expecting good fortunes. U mirror ur luck, that includes intentionally negative thoughts
psycho habits
You don't mind spending a little extra cash on something that ... More for Scorpio 
h8 i always forget to save my snaps
keep the snaps coming ya'll i wanna feel like im at Kid Ink too
God knows i tried
follower or naw
Your fiscal condition may be on the upswing, but don't let thi... More for Scorpio 
When's the last time someone texted me a paragraph.
selfies only happen when you're playing the wait game or naw 
having that emotional break down before Mother Nature's gift &amp; I just wanna get mad at absolutely nothing, also, questioning my existence rn
You are sometimes attracted to the shady side of Love Street w... More for Scorpio 
sam smith is speaaking 2 me ton.
although you made my heart sing, to stay with you would be wrong. watch where i walk before i faaaallll
Planning our future together gives me white hairs
i miss fluffy :((((((( cryinn to bryce bout how much i love him and how sad i am and all i want for xmas is a kiss from Fluffy and love hugs
I'm no better
I'm so intrigued by your lifestyle, I wanna know your dynamics, I want to be you!
Bryce gets so bitchy on the phone, till I don't talk anymore &amp; it's quiet, then you hear "I love you" <HEART WITH ARROW>
Aww I got a free drink yass TYlove
Jollibee for lunch &amp; in scrubs. Embracing dat Pinoy pride or naw.
Realizing how environmentally unfriendly  the medical field is
You may have your heart set on an impossible partnership, yet ... More for Scorpio 
if Bryce was coming home for xmas or new years, my countdown would be making me cray af. Nbd doe i can wait 4 more months, its been 4 auredy
loyalty gets me all hyped to pull through on this long distance deal, but then trust starts playing games with your mind the longer u go
twitter poisons my conscious, but i stay dependant. jah feel
God is good all the time
in my mind im hoping you show no care for me anymore, but instead you do and it's so twisted, I thought it'd be the opposite u know
Honey needs new new
Your mind is a frequency both positive or negative, what you think, you become. To live, is to love<SUN WITH FACE> 
Everything Chris brown reminds me of you
Some days I wanna just delete everything
Sometimes you are so disappointed by other people's responses ... More for Scorpio 
Ever had a friend you keep it real with &amp; let them know what's up with you always. But they're a big mouth &amp; you're aware of the danger tho.
I don't trust you anymore. But I'm still gonna do what I want.
Why did I do that
i sometimes our time difference makes me cry because the holidays ain't shi without u, &amp; it makes me do crazy things
im a city angel, but it doesn't pay well
too much of a good thing won't be good for long
sha-sha-shine like the moon
<PENSIVE FACE>I'm so confused
Seatbelt swag in all my selfies
Squad 
Your psychic radar is picking up a subterranean current of fee... More for Scorpio 
My eyebrows are fleek right now, I just wanna save them for tomorrow already.
I want to be happy
my friends make me feel so connected. i just wish my family was that way
ya'll don't have my back. Trill
Another reason being haole would be of advantage
the outrage of having to wear the same color scrubs for the next month straight.
can't help
Stay-cation 
comb your hair angelica
i just realized i didnt bring any sweaters. I mean its hawaii, but still.
Baby girl Carmella as a snowman <SNOWMAN WITHOUT SNOW>️ 
