Marriage lesson #19:  Be positive and have an optimistic, hopeful view of each other and life.
Need help with your stepkids?  Smart stepmom Laura Petherbridge to the rescue! 
Marriage lesson #18:  Be involved in church and ministry together.
Marriage lesson #17:  Serve one another.
@sarahmae Would love to share possible book for Sisterhood. Can you email me your email :) Arlene@arlenepellicane.com
Marriage lesson #16:  Enjoy being together.  Don't endure it.  Enjoy it.
Marriage lesson #15:  Don't let things simmer.  Forgive one another.
Marriage lesson #14:  Always consult the other before bringing home an extra guest, buying something big, making Sunday plans, etc.
Marriage lesson #13:  Grow in Christ together.
Marriage lesson #12:  Call each other names like honey, sweetheart and babe.
Marriage lesson #11:  Respect your spouse as a unique person and your favorite person.
Marriage lesson #10:  Get a good night sleep on a regular basis.
Marriage lesson #9:  Be your spouse's number one fan!
Marriage lesson #8:  Keep being attractive to your spouse.
Speaking at MamaCon 2015 in Seatte.  Use code "Speak 10" for discount. 
Marriage lesson #7:  Talk, talk, talk!
Marriage lesson #6: Let the wife do the shopping,
Marriage lesson#5: The family that prays together really stays together.
Not too late to register for parenting conference with @DrGaryChapman and me in Winston Salem NC #growingupsocial 
Marriage Lesson #4 - Greet one another with a holy kiss.  :)
@Sean_McDowell Enjoyed hearing you on @FamilyLifeToday !  And yay @biolau I'm class of 92
Marriage Lesson #3 - Compliment one another daily, hourly, constantly.
First look: Cover for 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Mom! (coming in Aug) Would it catch your eye?
Marriage Lesson #2 - Let your spouse tell as many jokes as he or she wants.  Laugh with them, not at them.
In 1995, I made my parents a card to celebrate their anniversary titled "All I Needed to Know About Marriage, I... 
Listening to Heather Rice's new, self-titled gospel album...yes, we are filled with so much grace!... 
Well, my page has been sleeping for quite some time and now it will be waking up!  Thanks so much for coming by.... 
Be inspired to pray for your kids (and to really do it).  Get joy as a mom, hear Fern Nichols on prayer 
Love you @kathilipp  Thanks for having me on the podcast this week about Growing Up Social!
Unleash your superpowers mom - you have a mighty God to enable you!  See you at @hearts_at_home this weekend! 
Notice your kids are anything but patient?  Teens, screens, effects on the brain  @DrKathyKoch on @FocusFamily 
Eek!  Getting excited about this weekend at @hearts_at_home!  See you in IL 
@johnrosemond on the Happy Home podcast this month! Great parenting advice in just 15 minutes! 
@amygroeschel Will you email me your email?  :)  Mine is Arlene@arlenepellicane.com  Thanks!
@amygroeschel Would love to share my new book w/u 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Mom. We met years ago at PW conf in San Diego.
@timhawkinscomic My kids in heaven..listening to Fire Ants and building Legos
@JMRaneyWriter Great to meet at CATE awards! Thx for inspiring young authors. My latest book Growing Up Social 
Need to find your inner superhero? Who are we kidding? You're a mom! Join us! #HAH2015 #UnleashYourSuperpower 
WOW MOM! Ready to be charged up, filled up and empowered as a mom? Join me Mar 13-14 #HAH2015 #UnleashYourSuperpower 
I'm speaking at Hearts at Home Mar 13-14. Grab your cape and join me and @DrGaryChapman @DrKathyKoch 
She Speaks Conference 2015.  I'll be there, would love to see you in July! 
Make #everydaylikevalentinesday @PamFarrel's Red Hot Romance Tips for Women, join 26 day Red Hot Wife Challenge: 
 
 
@Pam Farrel, is inviting wives to join the 26 day Red Hot Wives Challenge and fan the flame in your marriage! 
Say NO to Mr Grey. and Say YES! to loving YOUR OWN HUSBAND: Join the Red Hot Wife 26 Day Romance Challenge: 
Want the BEST for your marriage? Join The Red Hot Wives Challenge a 26 day journey to becoming a more loving wife 
Marriage advice right now in live webinar Wife SOS and instant replay available too!  Loved being a part of this! 
Red Hot Monogamy - learn more about it from author Pam Farrel on this month's Happy Home podcast 
Woot, woot, free marriage ebook from @ashslater "5 Simple Marriage Rules You Should Know" 
I'm attending Secret Keeper Girl - El Cajon, CA Sunday, Feb 22, 6:30 PM 
Love that a 7th grader asked me after hearing me speak, how much time is too much screen time?  #growingupsocial 
@KathyCMiller has a great book "Never Ever Be the Same" - I'm giving away a copy, come on by!  
Hop over to my blog and enter to win the book "Never Be the Same"  New year still...new you!  
@MaryDeMuth Just listened @MichaelHyatt archived podcast. Way 2B example of someone who affirms people on social media!
Book giveaway time!  "Never Ever Be the Same" - what a great title and promise!  
Build up, don't tear down your marriage. Be proactive- listen to Wife SOS free online Valentine's how to event Feb 10 
How to be a happier wife in 3 days. I'll tell at Wife SOS, free online event, register 
Chance to get The Making of a Mom ebook for ONLY $1.99!! 
@darleneschacht @hisloveextended featured guests with me at Wife SOS free online event. Register today 
I'm speaking at Wife SOS, free online expo, Feb 10, register today to improve your marriage 
Get your home organized, easy tips from @OrganizingPro 
Don’t say something permanently painful just because you’re temporarily ticked off. #keepitshutbook 
We will not text, tweet, or play video games at mealtime + other digital resolutions #growingupsocial 
Instead of joining the mad rush to the stores, do something chill with your family: books, Legos, puzzles, games  
Gift the gift of less screen time - why not put coupons in stockings "1 hour date with daddy" or "Read book together" 
Slow down, before you turn on the TV, read something about Jesus' coming at Christmas to your kids #growingupsocial 
#GrowingUpSocial has helped to set rules and restrictions. I appreciated common sense approach" Thankful for reviews 
Not too late to get #GrowingUpSocial for the tech overloaded family in your life (even if it's you) 
Love Amazon reviews #GrowingUpSocial "I like solutions they offer instead of telling me what a bad parent I am" 
Are screens creating more stress for your kids?  #growingupsocial 
A happy you has to exist before there can be a happy wife.
Christmas cookies + Green smoothie = Balanced breakfast?
Crutches &amp; Christmastime - there is a link between the two!  
Have yourself a merry blended family Christmas - Laura Petherbridge the Smart Stepmom is here to help 
Find out what the 12 names of Christmas are, and get printables for your kids. From FamilyLife #TNOC  
Help your kids be grateful everyday 
12 names of Christmas on sale today 40% off, can't wait to trim tree with these ornaments about Jesus 
Giving away a copy of "Seeking Christmas" - a wonderful Christmas family devotional by Renee Robinson 
Help your child manage anger and become more appreciative (everyday isn't Disneyland!) 
Great to be on @UpgradeWithDawn about #growingupsocial TV in your home? How much is too much? 
$40 for Treats and Tea for girls 
Get encouragement to be a happier wife on the Reality at Home podcast this week, I'm a guest. Free to listen anytime 
Remember to tell your kids: saying "thank you" is prerequisite of getting candy from friendly strangers and friends!  
Real scary: when a child grows up into an adult who doesn't know how to talk to others or look someone in the eye. 
Encourage your child not to mumble his thank you, but to say it clearly and enthusiastically #growingupsocial 
People first.  Phones, tablets, or video games second (or third or fourth...) #growingupsocial 
Learn how to pass on common courtesies to kids in this screen driven world #growingupsocial 
Stack your phones in the middle of table at restaurants. First one to pick up during meal pays tab #growingupsocial 
The next generation is at risk of losing the art of personal conversation. #growingupsocial 
Talking with @DrJuliSlattery on Java w Julie about impact of tech on families. Listen anytime #growingupsocial 
@sarahorn Thank you Sara!  Glad you enjoyed Growing Up Social!  
Listen to my interview on @FocusFamily anytime online or podcast about screens and kids #growingupsocial 
New podcast about using screens wisely with preschoolers 
Start to establish healthy boundaries w/screen time &amp; kids. Listen @FocusFamily today &amp; tommorrow w @DrGaryChapman 
Tune into Focus on the Family @FocusFamily Thurs &amp; Fri to hear @drgarychapman and me about #growingupsocial 
Heading to Boston to speak at Iron Sharpens Iron conference.  My first time in New England!  Can't wait to see the beauty!...
What can't screens do for your kids that only you can do?  #growingupsocial on @sheilagregoire 
  
On Better TV today about #GrowingUpSocial. What can we do to make kids responsible w/screens? 
I love to the moon and back necklace $11 
Beyond thankful to speak at Capital Christian Center in Sacramento tonite, church where I met Christ @CapitalOnline
Win an iPad mini, @Logos 5 Bronze, and three ebooks from @FaithlifeWomen and @TweetWithGiG! 
The new Catalyst App is here. If you haven't checked it out yet, join the conversation: 
Last day to get bonus gifts when you buy #GrowingUpSocial  Free is fun!  Get your free books before midnight 
Bought #GrowingUpSocial this month?  Get your bonus gifts, available to anyone who buys the book by Sept 30! 
Who doesn't love free gifts?  Buy #GrowingUpSocial by Sept 30 and get yours! 
Red eye...Just arrived in New York City to talk about #GrowingUpSocial @BetterTVShow @foxandfriends Excited! 
Great new podcast Reality at Home - talking about #growingupsocial 
Have you ever read "How Am I Smart?" by @DrKathyKoch ? It's a bonus when you buy #GrowingUpSocial by Sept 30 
"Besides living in a wireless bunker, what's a parent to do?" Kathi Lipp on #growingupsocial 
Bonus books from @DrGaryChapman when you buy #GrowingUpSocial before Sept 30! 
"In this age of technology, I cannot think of a more needed resource for parents." Kristen Welch #growingupsocial 
Take a look at #messybeautifullove @darleneschacht for a great uplifting marriage read 
"A timely and practical book that tackles one of parenting's biggest dilemmas" Ted Cunningham on #growingupsocial 
@Anna_Duggar I think you will enjoy #growingupsocial by @DrGaryChapman and me 
How did I get the chance to write with Dr. Gary Chapman? 
At the Forrest Gump bench at the Blaze with great company @BenhamBrothers #growingupsocial 
"How do you raise children thoughtfully in a screen-centric world?" William Powell #growingupsocial 
My friend Darlene from @timewarpwife has new marriage book today! Messy Beautiful Love: 
Are You Giving Your Kids Too Much Screen Time? 
"It's not too late!  You can rescue your children from their technology." Dr. Kathy Koch on #growingupsocial 
"This book is a reality pill many modern day parents need to swallow." Dr. Kevin Leman on #growingupsocial 
Looking forward to being on about #growingupsocial with @PointofViewRTS with host @KerbyAnderson at 11:00 am PT 
On my way to Phoenix and Prescott Pines Camp to speak at a women's retreat!  Hope is in the house! 
Even In Steve Jobs' Home, Apple Devices Were Never Present At The Dinner Table 
What if you and your spouse don't agree about screen time &amp; the kids? Yup, we talk about that  #growingupsocial 
Find help for homework wars in #growingupsocial 
Even with the pitfalls of the Internet, technology has its upsides.  Learn upsides and downsides #growingupsocial 
Not too late to enter the giveaway for #growingupsocial at @gwensmithmusic 
Not sure how to deal with screens &amp; your family?  Giveaway for my book #growingupsocial @gwensmithmusic 
Will be talking about #growingupsocial soon - around 8:40 am PT on San Diego 6 news with Susana Franco 
Chance to win #growingupsocial at the Mom Initiative today! 
Treasure, Don’t Click Away, the Days 
@RhondaRhea Thank you for sharing my dear!
Thank you dear @KaseyVanNorman for sharing #growingupsocial
Grateful to my friends, @ArlenePellicane &amp; @DrGaryChapman for this! 
Bring back reading and playtime, how to take your home back from a dependence on screens #growingupsocial 
First day out - get your copy of Growing Up Social on Amazon for yourself, a friend, or child #growingupsocial 
Today's the big day - get your copy of Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a Screen Driven world, available now!...
Being outdoors is rejuvenating for adults and kids.  Get outside today without any devices #growingupsocial 
Who decides what happens with the remote?  Let's hear a shout out to parents!  #growingupsocial 
@sheilawalsh Hope you got my book w@DrGaryChapman #growingupsocial Thx for sharing.  Hugs to you 

Get ideas for a screen safe family pledge in the book Growing Up Social, available Sept 1 # growingupsocial 
"Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others." Cicero  # growingupsocial 
Your children need to know you are always there for them. 
Heading to Colorado Springs to tape at Focus on the Family for #growingupsocial
With school starting soon, back to school tips. @ArlenePellicane 
Dr. Marjorie Blanchard on becoming a happier wife.  Great tips that you can start using today 
Need a boost to be a happier wife?  Listen to my podcast interview with Danna Demetre 
"Without the assistance of the Divine Being, I cannot succeed. With that assistance, I cannot fail." Abraham Lincoln
Does this video about screens and kids describe your home?  (video less than 3 min, worth the time) #growingupsocial 
The Laundry Moms are giving away an advance copy of "Growing Up Social" - enter to win!  (Book comes out in Sept) 
Coming in September 2014 
"You hold in your hand a golden opportunity to teach your child to master their screen time - by mastering your own." #growingupsocial...
"If the average family is glued to screens, texts instead of talks, uses phones while eating, who wants to be average?" #growingupsocial...
"What type of brain cells and connections will be shaping your child's future?" #growingupsocial 
"Screens are not the problem; the problem lies in the way we constantly use them." #growingupsocial 
"Young children learn language best when it's presented by a live person and not a screen."  #growingupsocial 
Did you know the average American child age 8-18 watches screens for more than 7 hours per day?  That's one full year of 24 days for a 7...
"Children need unplugged time to unwind, read, play outside, and talk with parents and siblings." #growingupsocial 
On KLOVEs homepage today - get the myKLOVE app and read my Back to School tips. It's a great app!  
Preorder Growing Up Social - 33% off on Amazon now 
Look at my youngest daughter's big HAIR in Thriving Family mag this month - last page in print mag and on homepage now.  I'm laughing...
How to be a happier wife?  Listen to my interview with @susielarson Live the Promise 
@SusieLarson Saver - I love the @themoneycouple - they are great!
"Confession and forgiveness are the concrete forms in which we sinful people love one another." Henri Nouwen
@timhawkinscomic Looking forward to laughing at you at the Rock San Diego!
@sarahorn @karen_ehman @thebettermom Can't wait to meet you Sara!
@tshakaarmstrong Thank you!  :)
@karen_ehman @thebettermom Yes I will be there!  So excited!  And to get to see you and Ruth - bonus!!!
@thebettermom @karen_ehman Yay!  How exciting!  A great team - moms will be blessed!
@SheilaWalsh That is a good feeling!  Way to go Lord!  Way to go mom!
"A sage seeks opportunities in difficulties, and a fool finds difficulties in opportunities." Turning Point devo
@DaveStone920 So great to meet you at Shadow Mountain!  Thankful to know your family!
Your marriage is not a mistake. 
Feel more like a maid than a wife and a mom? To Love, Honor and Vacuum (the book) is just $2.99 in ebook this week: 
Thanks for sharing!  @4wordwomen @KLOVERadio
Christian author Lynn Donovan shares how to thrive even when you and your spouse have different beliefs about God 
Day 31: Month-long devos from 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife end today but you can find it here 
Need parenting help ASAP?  Enter to win Kathi Lipp's book "I Need Some Help Here" and help will be on the way! 
What kind of fruit is your marriage yielding?  Sweet or bitter?  A great harvest or barrenness?  There is hope. 
At Moody Publishers today talking about our upcoming release with Dr. Gary Chapman, Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a...
"I Need Some Help Here" by Kathi Lipp. Win it this week on my blog 
You need a hero.  Find him in your husband.  Let him step up and lead. 
Who's in control in your marriage?  You?  Your husband?  God?  
Your prayers mean the world to your marriage.  You don't need talent.  Just tenacity. 
Having a Bad Mom week? Check out I Need Some Help Here @kathilipp A "guilt-freeing" read for every mom 
Even without a role model growing up, you can become a happy wife.  Change life within YOUR walls 
Don't be bored in your marriage.  It's up to you to take the first step. 
Day 22: Are you experiencing a slow death by neglect in your marriage? 
Coming in September 2014 
Day 21: How can you jazz up your next coffee date with your spouse? 
Day 20: How can you create more intimacy by design with your spouse? 
Day 19: What career plans have you made in your profession as a wife? 
Day 18:  When you're upset at your spouse, ask "will this matter tomorrow?" 
Day 17: Why is it easy to be married to your spouse? 
Day 16: Smile not only for the camera, but throughout the day 

How can enjoy your role as a wife instead of being overwhelmed? 
Day 15: How can you change the bothers of marriage into blessings? 
Day 14: Do you use words to bring life to your marriage?  Or are they weapons?  
Are you speaking more positive or negative words about your marriage?  
Day 12: Are you getting enough sleep? Are you rested as a wife? Get help #happywife 
Day 11: Sex yes, dishes no.  Do you leave your chores for intimacy? #happywife 
Day 10: Maybe it's time to let go of unrealistic expectations of what the perfect wife looks like. #happywife 
Day 9: Money and marriage? How to handle money problems? #happywife 
Can't wait!  Steven Curtis Chapman (Sunday, Jun 8, 2014 7:00 PM PDT) 
Day 8: How can experience lasting satisfaction in your marriage? #happywife 
Speaking for Mother's Day services at Church of Rancho Bernardo, Sat 5 pm, Sun 9 &amp; 11.  Would love to see you! 
Day 7: Have you said I will not budge. I will not cooperate.  I will not adapt. #happywife 
Day 6: Is there a wife that you envy? #happywife 
Day 5: When you turn off your electronics more, you'll turn on other things in your marriage like creativity and connection #happywife...
Day 4: All my striving could not produce happiness, but in a moment God filled me with joy. #happywife  
Day 3: Lord, cure me of my unbelief and negativity in my marriage. #happywife 
Don't wait until tomorrow to make things right with your husband.  #happywife 
In May, you can listen to a daily devo from happy wife from me on KTIS!  
Say yes right where you are and be amazed at how your life will shine. #yesinmymess #rhinestonejesus 
@shanehipps Just emailed your website for possible endorsement for Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a Screen Driven World. Thx
@lmtankersley Thank you my dear!  Your website looks beautiful
Here's Arlene's Segment on Today Show  #constantcontact 
‘Happy Wife’ author advises: Listen to each other 
Great to be on Living Inspired with @triciagoyer about being a happy wife 
Amazing counselor Leslie Vernick about expectations, reality, and how to be happier in your marriage 
@robeagar happy belated bday and congrats on catching that big fish!  thanks for all your insight and expertise for authors!
@NBCphotog My son is in 4th grade now and remembers going out to your truck before sunrise for NBC! All is well with books &amp; speaking. Thx!
@NBCphotog I'm going to be Today Show guest w/Kathie Lee/Hoda on April 22 for new book about happy wife!  Wanted to let you know!
@HamletsBB New book Growing Up Social coming out in fall - quote Hamlet's BB in it.  Will email more about it!  Grateful 4 your expertise
God isn’t waiting for us to clean up our mess. He’s just waiting on us to yes in our mess. @wearethatfamily 
@AnnVoskamp I'd love to send 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife.  @LizCurtisHiggs featured. Email me your address?  Arlene@arlenepellicane.com
@pauljoiner You are so welcome!  Lucy and I want to do lunch with you and will email some dates!
On Crosswalk today with a video about how we can be happier wives this week.  #31dayshappywife 
Honored to have my testimony air on Turning Point with David Jeremiah about my miscarriage.  God is faithful.  
Are you missing opportunities to be more romantic with your husband? 
@SusieLarson @MyFaithRadio What a fun show to do today!  Thanks for doing such a great job!
@GenerousWife Keep training for gold :)  Thanks Lori!
Tune into Live the Promise with Susie Larson radio today 1-1:45 pm PT.  I'll talk about becoming a happier wife!  
Speaking in Mission Viejo tonite ladies in case you can join!  
Cindi McMenamin on the podcast this month on beating stress and unrealistic expectations to be a happier wife 
Do you wish you were a happier wife?  My first resource on myKLOVE app - get the myKLOVE free app 
How would your husband describe you if he were talking to a new male friend about you?  
Kathi Lipp on the podcast this week!  Inspiring and sure to make you smile! 
We must first believe we are able to become happier than we are right now. 
Happiness is more of a choice than a feeling, and that's good news!  
@carolkentspeaks @pamfarrel @lizcurtishiggs @lynndonovan A few amazing women in 31 Days to Becoming Happy Wife 
@LizCurtisHiggs Thank you so much Liz! Your readers can find out about the car you drive in the book, ha ha!
@themoneycouple Love having you in 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife! 
When he drives me nuts, I ask myself 5 questions from the book based on the letters H-A-P-P-Y 
Your heart and words are connected.  Psalm 19:14.  
Kindle version of 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife available today! 
Don't hoard happiness...God has no shortage of joy.  It's a multiplication thing!  
Spend less time on your phone and more time face to face with the people you love. 
Interviewed with KLOVE today about Valentine's Day ideas...will air the week of Valentines #31dayshappywife 
You didn't have to grow up in a happy home to have one now. 
What's Liz Curtis Higgs advice on a happy marriage, find it here 
Thrilled to have Dr. Gary Chapman's endorsement on the front cover of my book 
Jan Happy Home podcast: Only God can bring joy amidst grief, hear Carol Kent's inspiring story 
@carolkentspeaks  My joy to share our interview about being a happy wife on my monthly podcast! #31dayshappywife 
How you experience supernatural joy in marriage even when the world's crashing down?  Learn from @carolkentspeaks 
Before you yell or burst out in anger, pray.  Stop.  Breathe.  Calm down. 
Husbands love.  Wives respect.  Kids obey.  Recipe for joy! 
Do you believe you can be a happier wife?  Happiness starts here...
Many men are hesitant to lead out of fear of failure. Only you can give him the assurance he needs. 
Your husband wants to rise up and be the hero in your life. 
Wishing your marriage was like someone else's marriage can create envy and blur your vision. 
Yippee!  31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife is in stock on Amazon early!  Check it out!  
@SheilaWalsh Just got my new book in the mail, 31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife, will send to you &amp; hope u enjoy!
There are financial seasons of plenty and want.  Work as a team in reaching financial goals.  #31dayshappywife 
Does your husband still make you laugh?  Do you make him laugh? #31dayshappywife
Time for renaissance! 
Happiness is saying thank you; it isn't saying I deserve better.  #31dayshappywife
When you place hope in your marriage to make you happy, you will be disappointed. But when you put your hope in God, you will find enough...
"Happiness in marriage can be found in some counterintuitive places." 
"It's not up to your husband, address, or circumstances to make you happy.  You are the one who ultimately makes the decision....
How do you become a happier wife? My @TCWomancom article 
31 Days to Becoming a Happy Wife is coming soon!  
You don't have to have a picture perfect childhood to have a great and happy marriage. 
At Family Life Today taping interviews about becoming a happier wife!
Join the Reflect Community, a new app for Christian women to be challenged and encouraged in faith!  
Put down your cell phone when you're talking to your kids, parents, spouse...eye contact!  #thesocialme
Are you a Christian parent but your spouse doesn't share your beliefs?  Perfect book giveaway for you, "Not Alone" 
Love your family more than your phone #thesocialme
Excited to share about your family and the social me at youth convention #thesocialme
@sherrylcarver @AndyTraub Thank you so much for the encouragement!
Liz Curtis Higgs on what it takes to become a happier wife 
Bored of the routine peck on the cheek w/your spouse?  Love this book on sale til Nov 12 for $1.99 Kiss Me Like You Mean It...
"Take root downward.  Bear fruit upward." From the Flourish conf this weekend @PamFarrel
Dare to Be event giveaway to win free tix; post a video/photo of the mask you want to take off to be authentic @DaretoBeEvent
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.  - Henry Ford
Way to go @RealJamesWoods 'I Don't Expect to Work Again' in Hollywood 
I just backed "The Adventures of Pearley Monroe" ~ Historical Fiction on @Kickstarter 
Learn how to become a happier wife from @pamfarrel and @arlenepellicane 
"The expression one wears on one's face is more important than the clothes one wears on one's back." Dale Carnegie
Kindle "I Don't Want a Divorce" book only $2.99 until Oct 15. 
@BobWidner Writing how 2 raise relational kids in digital world w/Dr. Gary Chapman - fall 2014. Love to be on program in future
DREAM Marriage Key #5:  Mutual Activities 
Win $25 Amazon Giftcard from Arlene #constantcontact 
Getting ready to speak Central Church of Nazarene Kansas City. You are welcome Jesus! 
Want to hear the words "you are so beautiful" from your spouse? 
Getting ready to speak with James at the New Seasons Church marriage retreat!  Expecting great things for couples there and us!
@MichaelHyatt thx for blessing us big time in San Diego. Hope Gail likes 31 days to happy husband n u too!
We r back to school. After school to do list helpin my 2 grader
@HamletsBB Wonderful!  Thank you...
@HamletsBB Working on book about parenting in screen driven world. Writing w Dr. Gary Chapman (Five Love Languages). Thankful 4 yor work.
@devotionaldiva Will miss you!
@SheilaWalsh My youngest Lucy head butted my lip, made it purple.  So much for cuddling time!  Feel better ballerina!
Looking forward to hearing @michaelhyatt at point loma tomorrow night! 
@HamletsBB Just watched int w/Katie C.  Love what u r sharin.  Thx! My kids 3, 6, 8 hve digitally sparse life. Lots of benefits!
New Book with Dr. Gary Chapman #constantcontact 
Love your man on purpose.  Easy ways to keep romance alive and keep dreaming together. 
@SheilaWalsh forgot to give you your necklace!  I will send!  Hope u had gr8 flight.  Such a blessing to spend time w/u.
How to keep romance alive in your marriage
Father's Day Ideas and More! 
No ties necessary, five Father's Day ideas and more! #constantcontact 
DREAM Marriage Key #2:  Respect 
@JonPlatt93 Great to meet you on Twitter and to see a 19 year old with your drive and passion - way to go!
Free Summer Fun Ideas for You! 
Free Summer Fun Ideas for You! #constantcontact 
Fun movie if you have kids and grandparents in your life:  Parental Guidance
Infertility awareness week.  Giving away book "Waiting for God to Fill the Cradle" 
Book giveaway "Waiting for God to Fill the Cradle" - encouraging read for those waiting for a baby 
Is your home a mess?  Make it a haven and peaceful home for you and hubby 
Six Ways to Energize Your Marriage #constantcontact 
Six Ways to Energize Your Marriage 
@TimElmore Just blogged about your three mistakes post.  Great advice that is a pleasure to share, thank you!  
Three Huge Mistakes We Make Leading Kids…and How to Correct Them 
@LisaWhelchel Let me know if you might have time for coffee when in San Diego. I'd love to meet arlene@arlenepellicane.com
Andy Freeman and the Motorcycle Ride 
@toriandjacksmom Hi Tammy!  Did you send me link to a picture? Just wanted to make sure before I clicked!   Thanks!
Looking forward to Sonshine Club afterschool today!
Our $25 date night 
Great way to keep Valentine's love going strong - 31 Days to a Happy Husband 
Valentine Must-Haves and Giveaway for YOU! 
Valentine Must-Haves and Giveaway for YOU! #constantcontact 
Join me in the 14-day Romancing Your Husband Challenge: 
31 Days to a Younger You book only $5 through Jan 31 
Sam Keckler Set Free from Porn 
FamilyLife has 1/2 price offer on weekend to remember getaway.  Enter ROMANCE at chkout. 
Guns in America | Facts and statistics about firearms in the USA 
@SheilaWalsh I see u will be in my hometown San Diego for CPC in Feb! I would love to take you to coffee or meal if u have time!
How to Feel Younger 50% off books #constantcontact 
How to Feel Younger 50% off books 
How can chocolate covered popcorn help you lose weight?  My real story... 
Does My Weight Really Matter to Him?  What do you think?  
Get rid of that muffin top, here are some ways how 
The Wrong Question to Ask in Marriage 
Ideas for Your Creative &amp; Meaningful Christmas 
Easy ways to make Christmas meaningful for your kids. #constantcontact 
Thank you Patrick Brown for sharing how we wives can make you feel like heroes...listen in to this month's podcast. 
Home Made Simple's Patrick Brown shares what makes a happy home 
Book signing &amp; free food at Berean from 3-4 pm. Pam Farrel, myself and more authors! 8807 Clairmont Mesa Blvd
Free Christmas Party at Berean this Saturday 
Free Christmas Party at Berean this Saturday #constantcontact 
@NBCphotog He comes close enough for me - ha!  Thanks for the tweet!
Not married to James Bond? 
Are you the fun one or the killjoy in the relationship? 
Fun TV Interview on talk show Better in New York City with tips on loving your man 
Top Ten Ways to Make Your Husband Happy 
Thanksgiving Giveaway and Craft 
Thanksgiving Giveaway and Craft #constantcontact 
Need to relax?  Enter to win Karen Ehman's new book Let. It. Go. and start living that peaceful life...
@tshakaarmstrong Great excerpt from your interview for 31 Days to a Happy Husband now podcast.  Happy listening &amp; thx 
@KPowellFYI  Just saw you in 50 women to watch.  Way to go, way to use your talents for Him! 
@LisaWhelchel You are one tough lady!  I wouldn't have even made it off the boat on Day #1!  Go Lisa!
Free holiday planning class with @organizingpro Thursday, Nov 8 at 5 pm PT 
The Wrong Question to Ask in Marriage 
Is there hope for couples who are separated? 
Will remember Lisa Chan's challenging message about denying yourself from #dfg12 #definedbygod
God is moving at Cityview Imperial Beach - over 600 people came for candy from the community!
Lucy is going to use our free train ride coupon at Pumpkin Station &amp; visit great grandma in her princess dress.  Good times!
You're Invited to a One Day Women's Conference Nov. 10! 
You're Invited to a One Day Women's Conference Nov. 10! #constantcontact 
@devotionaldiva Klout?  No kidding!  Great to be in good company!
The grass withers and the flowers fall, but the word of our God endures forever.  (Isa 40:8).  Keep priorities straight!
Watch Arlene's segment on The Better Show 
Watch Arlene's segment on The Better Show #constantcontact 
My book has been called "provocative!"  I love this... 
@FullerJohn Had the chance to talk bout 31 Days to a Happy Husband today on natl TV show Better!  God bless you!  
Watch Arlene's segment on The Better Show about having a happier husband 
Watch Arlene on TV tomorrow! 
Watch Arlene on TV tomorrow! #constantcontact 
Interview about your DREAM marriage on Family Health Matters with Bess Blanco 
Your name (God) and renown are the desire of our hearts.  Isa. 26:8
Kevin Sorbo and True Strength 
What's the best marriage advice you've heard?  #forumfor5000 
Going to NYC this month to appear on TV show Better about happy husband!  Here's what I did last yr on Better 
Back from family road trip to Big Sur, Carmel, Hearst Castle, Solvang and Getty Museum.  Had fun!
Back from a road trip with the #happyhusband and family to Big Sur - we had a blast!
Don't be discouraged.  God is watching your every step 
@pamfarrel blogged about your driveway today!  #happyhusband 
Comparing your marriage to a drive, have you ever felt like you were on a very steep hill? 
Tuesday is a great day to kiss your husband!  #happyhusband
Support women in Kenya by shopping at the Mercy House. I got some great coasters! 
R u a diligent wife?  Does that even sound like something you want to be? #happyhusband 
Can you believe we're deep in Sept already? Each season has its treasures! Looking forward to my Lucy's bday in Oct!
James' parents are in town - looking forward to havin thm at school Sonshine club (afterschool Bible club!)
Enter to win 31 Days to a Happy Husband. Just leave comment about cheap fun date! 
@NBCphotog That's truth! Done! Was on Family Life radio show bout happy husbands. U will like it. Listen 
@devotionaldiva @OldNavy Go Renee!
Cleaning house for wonderful in-laws visit - this can strike terror into a domestically challenged heart!
Love the famous line from Jerry Macguire - you complete me 
Today's show on Family Life Today still makes me laugh.  Dennis Rainey and Bob Lepine were very funny today! 
Find out what respect means to your man on Family Life Today #happyhusband 
@tshakaarmstrong Thanks for sharing it Tshaka!
@anitarundell Thank you Anita!
@janellrardon Thank you Janell!
Sex is the currency of appreciation for #happyhusband Listen to interview on Family Life Today radio 
Can't believe I'm talking about sex on nat'l radio Family Life today #happyhusband 
@lisajcopen Awww, Lucy says thanks!  Honored to be part of #iiwk12!
Our funny marriage story on Family Life radio broadcast today #happyhusband 
How can you give the gift of domestic tranquility if you're no Martha Stewart? (I'm not!) 
@devotionaldiva Thank you friend!
@hayleydimarco I'm on Family Life Today radio this week. Funny stories about me and happy husband :) 
@marygraham Met you briefly at Logos Dallas last summer. I love speaking to women. On Family Life this week. God bless 
Article on crosswalk - find out if you have #happyhusband 
@tshakaarmstrong 31 Days to a Happy Husband on radio today, Tues &amp; Wed on Family Life today 
@FamilyLifeToday Thrilled to be on today talking about domestic support.  Picking up toys shortly!
On Family Life radio show today, Tues and Wed #happyhusband 
@FullerJohn 31 Days to a Happy Husband on FamilyLife today, Tues &amp; Wed.  Thx for your contribution!  Would love to be on mic w/you someday!
Make Your Marriage Soar Next Week! 
Make Your Marriage Soar Next Week! #constantcontact 
Love the blog We are THAT family - today giving away my book! #happyhusband 
Woot!  390 comments to win my book 31 Days to a Happy Husband #happyhusband 
What to say to a friend who's ill #iiwk12 #invisibleillness 
Giving away a copy of my book here today 
When u r chronically ill, what can you do to show your spouse u care? #iiwk12 #invisibleillnessweek 
@JoanneKraft  Thanks for the retweet!  Have a great day! :)
Giving seminar for #iiwk12 about your marriage and health when chronically ill 
Still encouraged by #FLW12  As one attendee said well, "I didn't even know how hungry I was for God's Word until I got here!"
Love Dr. Leman's new book What a Difference a Mom Makes 
I'm flying home on a jet plane...thank you #faithlifewomen
Coming next week @invisibleillwk My seminar will be up on Tuesday
Thank you God for the person who invented AC (in Dallas at @faithlifewomen)
Rejoice in the Lord always...not an option, but a command.  Yes?  Learning at #faithlifewomen
Blessed to hear @gwensmithmusic lead worship today at #faithlifewomen
Just pressed the wrong button and lost my blog post!  Ug!
@TaylerBeede @FaithlifeWomen See you tomorrow! :)
Heading to Dallas @FaithlifeWomen conference!  
So happy to be guest blogging on Happy Wives Club today!  #happyhusband 
When you and hubby have different expectations about sex #happyhusband 
Obama movie didn't make us happy, but greatly sobered.  It's a must see for Americans.
Date to see Obama 2016 with my #happyhusband
Interested in afterschool Bible clubs in San Diego for elem &amp; jr high? We luv our Sonshine Club @ Hedenkamp! 
Take the Quiz: Do you have a happy husband? 
Just added my #inlinkz link: 
Process not perfection.  Just get closer as a couple.  It doesn't have to be picture perfect. #happyhusband 
Our help is in the name of the Lord, the Maker of heaven and earth. Ps 124:8
Going to eye exam - reminds me to check on what we r seeing in our hubbies.  Good or bad? Choose the good! #happyhusband
Loved brainstorming with @devotionaldiva @PamFarrel @lisajcopen @dawnmariewilson @OrganizingPro You all inspire me!
Listen to comedian Tim Hawkins about his marriage in real life 
Taping radio interviews for 31 Days to a Happy Husband- if u have radio connections, I'd love to be on! #happyhusband 
What's the M in the DREAM marriage?  #happyhusband 
Great videos by comedian Tim Hawkins (he's in my book!) #happyhusband 
Take a day of rest.  Nap in the afternoon highly recommended!
Next week my oldest will turn 8. Remember him as a 7 pound lump still!
Took 5 hours off this week and went on a kayak date with James #happyhusband 
Love being with Bill and Pam Farrel today - Peak Living Conference about maximizing midlife 
Choose to be happy.  If not for you, for your family. #happyhusband 
What does Scott Palmer of the Money Couple say about the greatest thing his wife can do for him? #happyhusband 
Working on podcast with comedian Tim Hawkins for my book - will post next wk!  Great stuff! 
@MariaKeckler Looking forward to seeing you at the Peak Living conference with @pamfarrel too!  I'll be there Sat.
Happy wife, happy life!  So why bother with the husband's happiness? Why we must... #happyhusband 
See you at the Peak...Peak Living Conference to manage midlife better with Bill and Pam Farrel, Aug 24 &amp; 25 in Oceanside...
What was wrong with the comfy t-shirt I was wearing to bed? p. 129 in 31 Days to a Happy Husband #happyhusband 
Read about "When Lou Met Sally" in 31 Days to a Happy Husband p. 127 #happyhusband 
In humility, value others (including husbands) above yourselves.  #happyhusband 
God help me as a wife to be a sweetness to my husband's day...sweet not sour! #happyhusband 
What's your husband's favorite perfume on you? #happyhusband 
‘Survivor: Philippines’: ‘Facts of Life’ star Lisa Whelchel and baseball MVP Jeff Kent highlight new cast 
Back to School...Yes You! 
Back to School...Yes You! #constantcontact 
Scent of a wife #happyhusband 
Dallas area - Faithlife Women Conference coming, free registration!  It's going to be amazing, Sept 6-8  
Your husband is hooked on you! Do your best to be as attractive as possible to him. #happyhusband 
"Getting older provides no excuse for letting weight creep up and up" - Willard Harley #happyhusband 
Grew my hair 10 years ago bc my husband likes long hair. Did u ever change your hair 4 your man? #happyhusband 
@SarahForgrave Love the fun format of your interview and giveaways.  Thanks so much for hosting me! 
Win a copy of 31 Days to a Happy Husband #happyhusband 
Going to speak to the awesome moms at Shadow Mountain Community Church today!
Focus on your husband's strengths today. #happyhusband  
Getting ready to teach about armor of God for kids at church.
Too tired for sex with hubby?  You are not alone so let's look for solutions #happyhusband 
What's killing your lovelife?  For me it was garlic... #happyhusband 
David Jeremiah, John Fuller, Tim Hawkins, Kevin Sorbo interviewed for one book?   #happyhusband 
What does your husband need more:  great sex or great food? #happyhusband 
Goals are dreams with deadlines.  What goals do you have for your marriage this yr? #happyhusband 
@MonicaNBCSD The retreat was great! Thank u for that divine connection!
Dr. Cliff and Joyce Penner, sex therapists for 35 yrs, advice re:becoming a turned on wife #happyhusband 
Need a practical roadmap to your husband's heart? #happyhusband 
We know about a woman's cycle, but what about a man's? #happyhusband 
Number one need for a husband? #happyhusband 
@Levine_Alison You are picture of drive, determination &amp; discipline!  Thanks for coming! #Mastermind
Get help so you &amp; hubby can be on the same page spiritually #happyhusband
This is the day God has made - give hubby a big hug and kiss and head for church together! #happyhusband 
$.99 eBook 31 Days to a Younger You through Monday #constantcontact 
What fun thing will you do with your hubby this weekend? Coffee? Night in? Sports? Shopping? #happyhusband 
Excited to be speaking at women's conference at First United Methodist SD today frm 31 Days to a Younger You 
@PamFarrel thank you for the shout out for my kindle sale of 31 days younger you!
Your husband: hard worker or lazy man? #happyhusband 
Actor Kevin Sorbo on negative stereotypes of men on TV #happyhusband 
@TaylerBeede Looking forward to seeing you and hearing your great stories of married life! :)
Kiss your husband tenderly today for at least 5 seconds.  #happyhusband 
"I deal with negative energy all day." If that's your husband, be the ONE to show him affection!  #happyhusband 
What kind of affair is good for marriage? Set up a secret meeting with just you &amp; your spouse! #happyhusband 
"They stop having fun when they start having kids." Don't let that be true!  #happyhusband 
Happy husband, happy life?  Listen to the interviews on KLOVE radio today and tomorrow... 
Going to be on KLOVE Thurs &amp; Fri, news feature during drivetime! Woot!  Will tweet link tomorrow! #happyhusband
Part of showing respect to your man is listening to what he says and following his lead.  Agree? #happyhusband 
What can you do to make your hubby feel special... 
Faithlife Women's Conference in Dallas Sept 6-8 FREE. I will be there!  
eBook sale - 31 Days to a Younger You only 99 cents on Kindle, Nook until Aug 13 
I don't like vegetables. Cereal and yogurt make ME feel strong and healthy. - Lucy age 2 @devotionaldiva
Read about the first diaper @tshakaarmstrong ever changed in 31 Days to a Happy Husband #happyhusband 
Want to have a great week of marriage instead of just a good one? 
Cliff and Joyce Penner on Being Sexually Free Part 2  
Missed interview about having a happy husband? Listen to Arlene's interview w Debbie Chavez #happyhusband 
How can you create a peaceful home for hubby to come home to? (and for you to enjoy too!)... 
Listen live to find out how you can have a happier husband (9 am PT on the Debbie Chavez Show) 
Speaking at CItyview Imperial Beach on happy husbands + free dessert, Sunday Aug 5, 6 pm, 588 9th St, U R invited! #happyhusband
Need a happier husband?  Listen to my interview on Debbie Chavez Show live online 9 am PT Monday morning #happyhusband 
@devotionaldiva Thank u for my twitter lesson professor!  You rock - thanks for coming over, loved catching up w/you both!
Love having dinner w @devotionaldiva and fellow author - she is a whiz!  
Bonus Gift When You Buy Arlene's Book this Week 
Bonus Gift When You Buy Arlene's Book this Week #constantcontact 
@quinncy Enjoyed article in the WSJ!  Great point that US mand education is less than150 yrs old.  Parents have been teaching far longer .
@andytraub Happy reading! Just talked to a husband who was highlightin his wife's copy. She didn't like that, so he bought his own!  HA!
It's Go Time! #constantcontact 
It's Go Time! 
@SharonJahr Thanks for tweeting about my book party!  Looking forward to seeing you Wed night!
John Fuller and a Focus on His Family 
San Diegans - you're invited to Arlene's book party this Wednesday night! 
Visit my friend Renee's blog for chance to win 31 Days to a Happy Husband. 
What if your spouse doesn't love you? Listen to Dr. David Clarke on Focus on the Family (thrilled to have him in... 
Book Party Time: 31 Days to a Happy Husband 
Book Party Time: 31 Days to a Happy Husband #constantcontact 
@FullerJohn So sorry bout Paige's stitches. My son Ethan got hit by car this yr on his bike. Ambulance took him &amp; he only had bruises! :)
Enter to win 31 Days to a Happy Husband.  Just leave your marriage question here 
@tshakaarmstrong San Diego...
@tshakaarmstrong Good I'm so glad!  Would love to provide resources for dads talking if you want, maybe a Q&amp;A or book giveaway.
@tshakaarmstrong Hope u got copy of my book 31 Days to a Happy Husband! You are on p 25, 55, 65. So glad to feature u. 
Get set free from past mistakes...enter to win book "Named by God" by Kasey Van Norman.  
Bob Lepine on Family Life and Happy Husbands 
I just reviewed: 'Sell Your Book Like Wildfire: The Writer's Guide to Marketing and Publicity' by Rob Eagar via @amazon 
@raynipeavy Great to meet you thru twitter!  God bless your ministry, I stopped by your blog today!
New Happy Husband Website for You and Your Friends! #constantcontact 
@devotionaldiva Thank you my dear for your kind words on the website!!!
My Blog is Moving! 
Book Review: Choose Joy: Because Happiness Isn't Enough 
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way Home from the Airport 
Radio Interviews with FamilyLife Today 
Lost Glasses &amp; Lessons at the DFW Airport 
How cool you are at Moms in Prayer!  I love my MIP group! @Esthatrouw
Get a FREE copy of @JoelManby's new book, LOVE WORKS, on @MichaelHyatt ?s blog: 
Free best gifts to give your hubby on Father's Day... 
Cure for Worry  
Easy reading + small changes = big results!  Learn how to make your hubby happy (and you too) in Arl 
Bye Bye Kindergarten and 2nd grade! 
New &amp;amp; Improved Website Coming! 
Welcome to Boot Camp! 
How to Avoid Common Marriage Problems #constantcontact 
God Opens the Doors 
Talking about looking and feeling younger, tune in from 6-7 pm PT to Living for Wellness... 
Mother's Day Craft Favorites 
Happy Mother's Day! 
Get ideas on living with a NEW attitude &amp; enter to win 31 Days to a Younger You... 
Book Review:  Mom Connection 
Set a minimun amt of exercise per wk &amp; make sure you never dip below that minimum.... 
How to Create a Birthday Milestone 
The Day After the Daniel Fast 
Day 9 Daniel Fast - One More Day of Green! 
Daniel Fast - Day 6 
Introducing Happy Husband University #constantcontact 
Jack La Lanne Juicer - We Love It! 
Spa Day for Cents! 
Daniel Fast, Juicing - Day 3 
Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead 
Learn a New Skill this Spring 
What to Do with Leftover Easter Candy 
Want to improve your Bible study?  Get 15% off any base package for Logos software which is excellent!  
Non-Fattening Easter Eggs! 
Hawaiian Vacation: Our Top Ten Family Things to Do 
Fave Weight Loss Sweetener for Coffee 
What to Do When Birthday Parties = Overeating 
The Easiest Grilled Chicken Ever 
Congrats Mary Kay Winner! 
Tips for making love with hubby even when you're a tired mom: 
Guest Post on CWIVES:  Making Time for Love 
Book Review:  88 Great Daddy-Daughter Dates 
@SarahForgrave Thanks so much for the muffin top shout out! Would love to do a Meet &amp; Greet Monday giveway w/my new book this summer w/you
Free Makeup, the Eiffel Tower and more! #constantcontact 
Win a Set of Mary Kay Mini-Lip Glosses! 
Muffin Top Has to Go! 
A Tribute to Pastor Glen D. Cole (1933-2012) 
Act of Random Kindness...For Hubby! 
My guest post with Jill Savage & Hearts at Home will help you get your kids dressed without a fight!... 
How to Get Your Kids Dressed Without a Fight 
@NBCphotog Thank you for the mention today with the Ask Arlene column!  My son says hi!
New "Ask Arlene" Column 
Free Book on Kindle and Nook:  When You Can't Find God 
My Most Recent Great Date 
Just was on a teleseminar with Kathi Lipp, a very funny and smart lady!  Love her free resources about marriage... 
Great Advice from My Husband 
Enjoy THIS Part of Life 
Fresh Ideas to Love Your Husband - Coffee Event This Saturday #constantcontact 
Special Gift for a Romantic Valentine 
Quitting Your Day Job for Your Dream Job 
Tips for busy single moms about looking and feeling younger 
5 Free Date Ideas #constantcontact 
Need some peace with your cup of coffee?  Try book Peaceful Moments to Begin Your Day: Devotions for Busy Women 
5 Free Date Ideas 
Starting an Afterschool Bible Club 
Lessons Learned from Tight Pants 
@LisaWhelchel would u consider giving endorsement 4 my new book 31 Days to a Happy Husband? (July) I can email MS arlene@arlenepellicane.com
Love or Hate New Years Resolutions #constantcontact 
Losing Weight Gained from Christmas 
Books to Read in 2012 
Happy New Year! 
Buy 31 Days to a Younger You for just $1.99 until Jan 3 on Kindle, Nook... 
Super Sale on 31 Days to a Younger You! 
@stephaniefast Happy New Year and all God's blessings to you and your family!  You have an amazing story and life that many must know about!
31 Days to a Younger You only $1.99 on Kindle - get the Christmas special! 
Moved In the New House! 
@kpowellfyi I'm writing marriage book including Mark Matlock, realized the connection between YS and you, and am thrilled to connect again!
Exciting NEW book releases today: Trusting God, A Girlfriends in God Faith Adventure. 
Merry Moving Christmas! 
And the Winner Is... 
Enter to Win "My Favorite Bible" for Kids! 
Book Review:  The Names of God Bible 
The Most Amazing Turkey 
Simplify your holidays with @organizingpro #simplesavings
Authors, check out this new resource called “Bestseller Website Template for Non-Fiction Authors.” 
Legoland Fun! 
@melodiefgriffin Yum, candy corn.  Thinking of how I dress my kinder & 2nd grader in layers each day to keep them comfy
It's Candyland Around Here! 
Once a Month Cooking 
Feeling Unattractive? 
Kathi Lipp's Military Book Club - Check it Out! 
Tips to get your kids to stop nagging - check out my guest post with fellow Speaker Chick Cheri Gregory! 
40s...Here I Come! 
Turning Forty 
Lucy's Birthday 
Join Arlene for "Desire" One-Day Women's Conference, Nov 5 in San Marcos, Only $25 w/lunch 
Yellowstone Vacation Highlights 
Women of Faith - What Has Stayed with Me 
Sky Diving Senior! 
Podcast:  Cancer, Quilts and the Fountain of Youth 
New Addition to the Family 
Military wives - check out this book club in October to love on your spouse and win lots of prizes! 
NBC News Segment:  Back to School Blues 
@LisaWhelchel Great to see you at WOF! Thx for encouragement! Hope u got bag of treats and my book backstage.  arlene@arlenepellicane.com
Insanity - Doing the Same Things, Expecting Different Results 
@lmtankersley NBC news segment cancelled, going to apartment fire instead, I'm dressed w/makeup and clean kitchen at 4:30 am.  Oh well!
@mommakristi Yes the podcasts are up and running again twice a month!  Enjoy and thank you!  
Back to school woes?  I'll be on NBC news San Diego around 5:15 & 6:15 am about getting your kids back to school with a smile!
Get Organized with Marcia Ramsland this September! 
@LisaWhelchel Looking forward to WOF Anaheim. Would luv to bring you high fiber snack! We met at LOGOS. arlene@arlenepellicane.com
Book Review:  A Confident Heart 
Book Review:  Amish Values for Your Family 
Get Pam Farrel's new book 52 Ways to Wow Your Husband and hear her speak in San Diego, Sept 29, all just $11 now! 
@rkruys You are very welcome!  Would love to get together if you are ever in San Diego!
Understanding the Bestseller of All Time 
Blown Away by Logos &amp; Meeting Authors and Speakers! 
Back to the Classics 
Mastermind Highlights with Tim Hawkins and Dave Ramsey 
Stay Young with VBS! 
Back to School 
5 Cheap Summer Date Ideas 
This Month's Mary Kay Giveaway:  New Tweezers for You! 
Listen to today's interview on Dove radio & TV about losing weight, looking younger & dealing with miscarriage 
Summer Vacation Photo Album 
Silly Hat Day : 
New Fave BBQ Ribs Recipe : 
On NBC San Diego News This Morning 
Lucy's Haircut 
Time for a Haircut? 
Father's Day Festivities 
@YourFamilyLive My hubby says Dad's Day should last all year!  Looking forward to cooking something new 4him as surprise - I'm not a cook!
Learning Something New 
Tips on looking and feeling younger - listen to Arlene on Faith Radio out of Minn/St Paul from this morning's... 
Tips on looking and feeling younger - listen to Arlene on Faith Radio out of Minn/St Paul from this morning's... 
Tips on looking and feeling younger - listen to Arlene on Faith Radio out of Minn/St Paul from this morning's... 
What's In Your Costco Shopping Cart? 
How to Feel Great This Summer 
Book Review:  When You Can't Find God 
What to Do With Leftovers 
And the Winner of "Project Dad" is... 
Win a free book for Fathers Day, "Project Dad" - it's funny and practical - comment on my blog to win! 
Father's Day Giveaway:  Project Dad by Todd Cartmell 
Free Mary Kay makeup for you - enter to win on my blog now - winner chosen on Monday! 
Improve Your Memory with these tips from Better TV  
Want to improve memory?  Watch my TV segment on talk show Better - click link and look for video thumbnail... 
Need creative Mothers Day gift ideas?  A poem for mom to make her cry?  Found a great website: 
Getting ready for NYC and appearing on TV talk show "Better" on Thursday.  Will post video when it's up!
Your chance to win my book for a Mother's Day gift - go to Renee Johnson's Devotional Diva blog and leave a... 
Win Mary Kay's After Sun Replenishing Gel on my blog today.  Just leave a comment! 
Perfect Mother's Day Gift 
Go to speaker and author Kathi Lipp's blog for your chance to win my book!  Kathi is hilarious, fun, insightful,... 
Listen to my radio interview on WNPQ FM Ohio today at 10 am PT, 1 pm ET 
Video is up online from my TV interview today on San Diego Living - best part was Lucy's big hair picture! 
Going to be on San Diego Living this morning talking about the book, Ch 6, 9-10 am- hope you can catch it! 
March 12 Fun, Food, Fitness, Fashion Show 
Having a  yummy snack combo: tiger bar + banana, eat at the same time, delicious!
Update Your Look with Glasses and Makeup 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Makeup Tips from TV Makeup Artist 
Great information - very sweet music!  Well done Bianca and thanks for all yo... (YouTube 
Quick - go to Harvest House Publishers FB page to win a free copy of my book 31 Days to a Younger You! 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Behind the Scenes of Home Made Simple 
Behind the scenes - what's it like to have a TV crew in your house?  Here's video of our 4 days with Home Made Simple 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- 3 Beauty Tips from Baby Lucy 
Here are the projects done on our home, as seen on TLC today! 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Arlene Pellicane Speaks at Maranatha Chapel 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Book Party 31 Days to a Younger You 
My family will be on TV tomorrow, Home Made Simple on TLC, 9 am. See our nursery turned into a cars themed boys room!
Watch Arlene on TLC's Home Made Simple 
Listen to today's radio interview on the Debbie Chavez Show about looking & feeling younger 
Thanks 160 Acre Woods for reviewing my book.  Blog tour starts this month! 
Only $22 for Your Day to Glow: Pam Farrel & I will speak, fitness classes, roller skating, lunch, snack and... 
2 chances to win my book on 2 blogs today - links on my blog page 
Daily Tips to Look Younger in 2011 
Every day in January, I'll blog a tip from the corresponding chapter in my book.  Get ready to look and feel younger! 
One way to get 31 Days to a Younger You b4 Christmas. Order from me for $13 incl shipping, email me at arlene@arlenepellicane.com
Become a Younger You in 2011 
Listen to my new podcast - you'll love the latest interview with TV news anchor Carol LeBeau 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Arlene's Book Arrives 
My book "31 Days to a Younger You" came in the mail today!  See blog for pics! 
It's a wrap! 
Done with an amazing and exhausting 4 day TV shoot with Home Made Simple, will air sometime in early 2011
How did I become a published author? 
See pics from Day 1 of Home Made Simple shoot - the crew was fantastic, so nice! 
TLC show Home Made Simple will be taping at our house starting Mon - turning our nursery into a big boys rm - will keep u posted!
Don't Make This Mistake at a Fast Food Place: 
Don't get your husband sometimes?  Tune in for Bill and Pam Farrel's ideas on James Dobson radio today 
What's Your Thanks in Thanksgiving? 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- The Sisters Funny Skit from Faith Chapel Retreat 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- The Sisters Share Their Beauty Tips 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Arlene Pellicane Women's Church Event Speaker 
Pictures on my blog from my visit w/President Bob Hawkins Jr and the great staff of Harvest House Publishers! 
Absolutely loved the people at Harvest House Publishers - they know how to work hard AND laugh hard! 
Going to Harvest House Publishers in OR on Monday - can't wait to meet my publishing family! 
Just bought 2 hours of housecleaning for $29, you can too today - Best Daily Deals in San Diego: 
No More Eye Wrinkles: 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Book Promo for "31 Days to a Younger You" 
Just did a new video from Disneyland - a book promo for "31 Days to a Younger You" 
Trunk Treasures resale event tomorrow in Chula Vista - I'm going!   
Visit my blog this weekend to win free makeup! 
Oct Tips & Treats from Arlene Pellicane 
10 Little Things to Make You Smile: 
Had a blast camping with the family at Kings Canyon Natl Park - Grant Grove cabins were nice! 
Check out Tricia Goyer's blog today to find out how I met my husband 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- MOPS talk Mama's Gonna Win 
Going to the SD Christian Writers conf this weekend - so touched by God's goodness to see all He's done!
Did you miss my sex after baby talk at MOPS?  You can order it today   
Be my publicist:  how would you reach readers for "31 Days to a Younger You"?  What mags?  Online where?  What shows?
Young marrieds 20&30 somethings, we're teaching a fun class Sundays at 9 am at San Diego First Assembly, www.sdfa.org
5 Diet Traps and How to Avoid Them: 
How Time Flies, My Baby is a Giant Now 
3 Easy Ways to Improve Your Memory and Feel Younger: 
Visit my blog to win my first monthly giveaway - a eye shadow quad from Mary Kay! 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Kids Sing This is the Day 
I uploaded a YouTube video -- Lucy's First Sign Language 
Here's my baby Lucy doing her first sign language at breakfast - caught on video! 
The book is available on Amazon, B&N, Borders, etc for pre-order!  Want the inside scoop of what the cover first... 
Celebrating my son's 6th birthday - he's growing up!  And baby Lucy made her first sign today for "More" using... 
Working on talks for the fall and the spring - here are my titles so 
far, "You GLOW Girl," "Lose a Dress Size,"... 
Is amazed at Trader Joe's - their grocery flyer doesn't even have any pictures of the food (who does that?  No... 
My oldest child Ethan is turning 6 this week - he's been thinking of his birthday for months and it's finally... 
Making "Look Younger with Lucy" videos - first video is up of my baby shopping 
How perfect that the first person to like my page was my husband James.  He's no dummy!
I posted 19 photos on Facebook in the album "My family" 
Today i watched an interview amazing motivational speaker Zig Ziglar - what an inspiration to see his attitude at 83!
Vote 4 baby Lucy- San Diego UT Cutest Kids Contest 2010: 
What R U looking forward to?  I'm excited about Ethan getting a shorter cast for his leg tomorrow and 6 more days of kindergarten
working on a new website - will launch in about a month!
Publisher has suggested this title for my book:  "31 Days to a Younger You: No surgery.  No diets.  No kidding."  What do u think?
On day 4 of P90X workout program!
Watch my TV interview on Turning Point with Dr. David Jeremiah about miscarriage 
Happy birthday to my dear husband today!
Just finished reading "Publicize Your Book!" by Jacqueline Deval, lots of great ideas for book promotion
My baby Lucy is on p 16 of March issue of San Diego Family Magazine, so cute 
#pwfsomedia Thanks Maria for a challenging talk at PWF luncheon today!  Sat in my car afterwards to write my why, who, what, and how!
#iheartmy arms because they let me hold my sweet and growing baby - 15 pounds and gaining at 4 months
win free progresso soup, mug and jumprope, visit my blog 
my husband got a Total Gym on craigslist, a bargain, now it's time to use it!
listen to my interview on radio show Christian Work @ Home Moms, 12-17 show, last 30 min 

See pictures of baby Lucy (and her crazy head of hair) at my blog 
Enjoying life with a newborn, baby Lucy is a dreamy, happy baby - wahoo!
Just hit the send button to Harvest House publishers with my manuscript, Look Younger, Feel Younger!  I'm both nervous and thrilled! #fb
Writing the conclusion to my book "Look Younger, Feel Younger" - deadline Oct 1st - I'm going to make it, thank you God!
I think the baby is causing writers block, is that medically possible?#fb
is 31 weeks pregnant, 9 to go!
had a great week with kindergarteners at VBS, still recovering...headed for naptime
is doing research for her book, Look Younger, Feel Younger: 31 Days to Rejuvenate Your Body and Soul
is about to blog for 
had a wonderful time speaking at the Crystal Cathedral today - what a top notch staff and wonderful congregation!

My kids are learning Spanish from Boca Beth - check out her free giveaway of eco-friendly packaged DVD & CDs at 
got back from baby's 13 week checkup - good heartbeat, good labs, all systems go!
is so happy to have found problogger.net - what a great resource for bloggers!
is thankful for today's ultrasound which showed a healthy baby at 9 weeks along, we're having another!
preparing the first talk for a women's retreat I'm speaking at May 15-17 in San Diego
Getting ready to wake the kids from sleeping. Can you believe they're still having afternoon nap at 5:52 pm?
