@vinnycrack
and now you're just a stranger with all my secrets.
I hate that feeling when you feel like you've done everything in your life wrong and that your life is a stressful failure
Had great night at  mini golf with my buddy Chey,Keith and dawn #GoodTimes #GoodVibes 
Just when I think I'm getting my life together, something else drags me right back down<PENSIVE FACE>
Just think if people were as dedicated to trying to understand a situation as they are to just passing judgement on it..
Life is not always perfect. Like a road, it has many bends, ups and down, but that’s its beauty
I don’t wanna steal your freedom, I don’t wanna change your mind, I don’t have to make you love me, I just wanna take your time.
Look, I can't change the way I think, and I can't change the way I am. But if I offended you? Good, cause I still don't give a fuck.
So sore and tired asf form playing basketball buddy tonight
Me and my ride or dir. It carzy how we started out as best freind now we live together 
officially don't have wheels. while driving today my truck wouldn't go over 30 and smell like it was buring...fml 
Before I met you, I never knew what it was like to look at someone and smile for no reason
I love my new hair cut. 
i can go from sweetheart to cold hearted asshole in 0.7 seconds
faded blue jeans, justin boots, ball cap, &amp; these blue eyes. just ur typical country girl.
The only reason that you’re good at goodbye is, every girl you ever met, was too easy to forget, well, I ain’t going out like that.
Counting my blessings because anyone who knows my past knows it's a miracle for me to be here today <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
It's a good thing I have my library card because I'm totally checking you out.
I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself. When did we turn so judgmental?
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like no one is watching.
If you smoke, cool. If you drink, have at it. If you're not a virgin, it's not my business. That doesn't make you any less of a person.
Never lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
Sometimes, I really hate being an adult. Can I go back to being a kid!?
Staying up late &amp; talking to the person you like &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
You got niggas and I got bitches, but I want you.
Your games? Dont play that. Your bullshit? Wont take that. Your sorrys? Ive heard that. Your mistake? You made that. Your excuses? Save that
Loyalty means I am down with you whether you're RIGHT<THUMBS UP SIGN><WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX> or WRONG<CROSS MARK>, but I will tell you when you are wrong and help you get it right! <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>

I wonder whose arms I would run into if I were drunk in a room with everyone I ever loved.
I need to get back on a regular sleep cycle, no more of this Insomnia Bs.
I keep finding myself somewhere between raisin hell and amazing grace
It's sad to look back and think that the people you were close with growing up you barely speak with once you graduate high school
Everyone makes mistakes but I can honestly say I've learned from all of mine
if you hear someone from my past talking about me, just know they're speaking of a person they don't even know anymore
That Fireball Whiskey whispers temptation in my ear
Damn pretty girl you went done it again, You've gone and turned your sexy all the way up to 10
Every lesson I’ve learned, I learned the hard way
Forgiveness is unlocking the door to set someone free and realizing you were the prisoner.
After all, the only people who can hurt you deeply are the ones you allow to get deep inside your soul. That's what makes love so dangerous.
Drinking beer and playing pool with my buddies
Shawty IDFWU
Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies. I'll tell you my sins so you can sharpen your knife
Cant never fall asleep but once Im asleep good luck waking me up.
My sleep schedule is shot. Just waking up
Work.,Get rowdy,Sleep and repeat. That how i roll
When you're drunk and it's late and you're missing me like hell, keep it to yourself
The devil wears black and he goes by Jack and he's really good at helping me forget.
No changin' who I am
That's the way I've always been
No matter what state I'm in
I'm in a southern state of mind
So many people have hooked up with you, you are literally a local tourist attraction. "Oh you havent banged her? You should try it, its fun"
Be a boss.
Date a boss. 
Build an empire.
Here Yall Go With The "New Year New Me" Post, Bitch Please You Was A Hoe Last Year &amp;Still Gonna Be Backing That Ass Up Being A Hoe Next Year
I'm tired of acting like everything is okay when it's not and hasn't been in a long time...
Slow as the Mississippi, strong as a fifth of whiskey, steady as a Tom Petty track. I wanna love, wanna love you like that.
LETS GO BUFFALO BILLS
I'll tell you my sins, and you can sharpen your knife. <HOCHO>
She ain't a new bitch, she's a used bitch, cause she ain't got nothin on me ️
We'll either work it out or we won't, but I got a dozen roses if she comes back home and a six pack if she don't
You say I'm crazy but you don't know what you've done and when you call me baby I know I'm not the only one <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️️
We stick to our guns
We love who we love and we wanna have fun
What this world needs is a little more respect for the police officer. Who put tnere lives on the line every day for people they don't know
Blastin' out to Johnny Cash, headin' for the highway, baby we ain't ever comin' back. #JasonAldean
3 months intill I turn 19 years old. dam it seem like the years are just keep flying by so fast.
Girl I know Mistakes were made between us two and we show Ourselves that night, even said some things weren't true. Why'd you go?
Talk to me please, don’t have much to believe in. I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Baby let me put your panties to the side. I'mma make you feel alright Cause I'mma give you what you need
this my ride or die.I love her so much.im blessed to have her in my life.im happy I got to spend the weekend with her 
having good ass weekend with my buddies. dam I haven't laugh this much in a long ass time 
I might not be the same, but that's not important; No freedom 'til we're equal, damn right I support it
Drinking beer and working on buddies trucks
i'm drunk and i miss you......
I srsly want to register my dog to be one of those emotional support dogs. She hasn't left my side all day. She'd make a lot of people happy
For me failure is not an option.  I strive to be the best I can and take nothing less
On my highway, I've broken down, cried when no one else was around, &amp; prayed that God would save my soul.
At night I take something to numb the pain and forget your name by the morning I feel like shit with memories of you running through my head

Rt for y'all 

Fav for you all
Slowly giving less fucks as the days go on
Be careful who you trust, the devil was once an angel.
I honestly hate having insomnia disorders because i can't ever get a good night sleep. No matter how hard i try ......... :/
@JellyAndDay1 i love your video. Jelly and day you are so inspirational. I can tell ur not in it for the fame &lt;3 :) #JellyandDayFamily
Had great time tonight at my work Christmas party #drunkAsf 
Take it easy baby I'm still broken, memories enough to tear me wide open
I can't explain it so I keep it all inside. Wear my pain but it's masked by my pride. It's a beautiful kind of pain
I just wanna hold you 'til the heartbreak's gone, when the sun comes up we can both move on, but we don't have to be lonely tonight
I don't go to church enough, I curse out loud I drink too much, I'm more of a sinner than a saint
Screw love, give me alcohol.
I've got my strengths and lord knows I've got my weaknesses. I'm lost somewhere between Jack Daniels and Jesus
I hate night like these because I'm tortured by my own mind.....FML...i wish i could fall asleep and turn off my mind
Happy thanksgiving y'all
I stand for my right and speak out against all this unconstitutional law in USA. just like people did 1776. It time we stand up
So burning down every building except the police department and courtroom makes Yall happy Huh? The fuck did the car store do to Yall?
So, if you attack a cop and you get shot....HOW CAN YOU BE SURPRISED IT HAPPENED?
stop pulling the race card. It was in a predominately African American neighborhood. If the officer was black it would have passed calmly
Not all cops are bad. Not all black people are criminals. And not all white people are racist. Stop labeling. It's 2014 let's get equal.
Now I'm rollin and I'm sippin lean, sometimes I catch a buzz just to help me picture love, drinking liquor and I'm smokin weed
I don't kiss ass <MOUTH> and i dont beg for people to stay in my life <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS> you wanna leave? BITCH LEAVE <DOOR> and DONT come back <PUBLIC ADDRESS LOUDSPEAKER><CHEERING MEGAPHONE><WAVING HAND SIGN>
Emotionally- I'm done. Mentally- I'm drained. Spiritually- I'm dead. Physically- I smile.
Shoutout to the NUWBB team for staying strong on that bus! You'll be out soon we praying for you guys! #NUWBBstrandedonbus
Thank you to all the firefighter, snow plowing people,police and nation guard and nurse and ems service that help out with this winter storm
I have such a beautiful girl in my life right now. and the word beautiful goes way beyond her looks.
I've already wasted over half of my life, I would've laid down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, No more pain
@juliawhit17 your welcome

1) Phone
2) Keys 
3) Wallet
4) Dip
Happy birthday @juliawhit17
Every day I pray I thank God I got her She's the moon in my shine, the whiskey in my water
Your such a fucking loser. Get the fuck away form me. I dont like you. I have a girlfriend and she all i need. She isnt a whore like you.
I fell in love with your personality, your looks are just a bonus.
Sometimes you just gotta accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.
happy birthday dayyyy !! <TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS> @JellyAndDay1
Country girls do it best<OK HAND SIGN>
Why do you let this hoes tear apart what we got . Baby girl your the only 1 i want. Your my ride or die girl. I really care about you
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia and for get about this stupid little things!
I got a lonely, broken heart full of love, and I can't even give a away........
Bring your love baby,i could bring my shame.Bring the drugs baby, i could bring my pain.I got my heart right here. I got my scars right here
#ChicagoFire time!
I just realized i haven't had dinner yet.I dont know if that a good or bad thing or im really tried for work. So it time to eat I guess.....
I just wanted to cuddle
Happy Veteran's Day to all those who have served our great nation #merica #VeteransDay
R.I.P to everyone who fucked me over, played me, tried me or lied to me, because you're are all dead to me
Smile, because you’re beautiful. Laugh, because you’re living life to the fullest. Stand strong, because haters can’t bring you down.
Going for drive to clear my head 
Fuck drug and alcohol addiction and cancer. I wish it would stop ruining my family......FML..............
I never thought she would get down with somebody I know, I guess that's just how it goes when you breakup in a small town.
Tomorrow I'll be stronger, I'm not gonna break down and call you up, when my heart cries out for you.

Someone help me.
i dont have to work this weekend. Havent the weekend off in 4 week. Time to drank beer and relax and hangout with my buddies. Im so happy
I might dance in the fire and flames,
And I've shared a drink with the devil. 
I ain't perfect, never claimed to be no saint.
@BradPaisley @carrieunderwood the perfect hosts for the cma awards show  #cmaawards2014
Congrats @FLAGALine on duo of the year!  #CMAwards
@JellyAndDay1 happy birthday, Jelly!!
Where I grew up we drove trucks
#HickLife #SmallTownUSA
Who am I trying to kid.. I'm fucking broken. But dammit I do my best to smile everyday and keep pushing forward
Wtf Cuomo won.well official now NY a  economy is going to go down the drain and now we have to put with unconstitutional gun laws
I hate being a good person, I always get fucked over.
When I talk with you, I can't stop smiling.
Fuck the distance, you should be here.
'Cause the devil wears black and he goes by Jack And he's really good at helpin' me forget.
I love waking up early, &amp; being productive. But every once in awhile, I also like sleeping in &amp; laying in my bed appreciating my life.<RELIEVED FACE><TWO HEARTS>
heart wants love.
mind wants both.
Lets go Pittsburgh steelrs
I've changed? No, I just grew up. I stopped letting people push me around, I learned that I can't always be happy, I accepted reality
I kinda love/hate begin single
even though im hunger over i had great time last night at my buddies Halloween party
@hayleylis  a coupple school in my area do that during home comming week because it one of the spirt day things. I live in NY
Alcohol might not be able to solve all of my problems, but it sure as hell helps me forget them for the night &amp; that works just as well!
Just kiss me, we can straight up blame it on the whiskey
Money is my girl, failure is my ex, married to the game and fucking the shit outtta success
Blowin' that smoke on Saturday night, A little messed up, but we're all alright
Happy 4th anniversary @JellyAndDay1! Hope you two have an amazing day. Love you guys
I'm one person. Do your own job, fix your own mistakes, and take your frustration out on someone else.
Kinda want sex. Kinda want someone to kiss and cuddle. Kinda want you.
•Copenhagen
•Grizzly
•Stokers
•Skoal
•Kodiak
I just want to be cuddled up in bed with babe <WEARY FACE> that'd be heaven <BROKEN HEART>
I need a beer but i got work 4-10pm tonight .....it kinda suck ass working night on the weekend
You don't even realize how much I love talking to you..
They're not "gay rights", they're human rights. We're asking to be treated like people, to be treated equally. Why is that so offensive?
Im so ready for the weekend bonfires and beer don't get any better
I need someone in my life who's gonna motivate me and not stress me.
@lucyliz @kaeepet  you guys helped me so much with your YouTube videos. You guys are so inspirational. I love your video
A bonfire and a cold beer would be perfect right about now. <OK HAND SIGN><FIRE><CLINKING BEER MUGS>
Going to bed then work 10:30am-4pm
Hold my beer while i kissing your girlfriend because she need a really women like me not a asshole/scumbag girl like you
I'm in one of those moods where I just kinda feel numb/empty.......FML
Sometimes i feel like nobody get me. I feel like I'm trying to fit in a world where every body hate. There so much I'm going through....FML
I'm not feeling this whole getting out of bed thing today. Thank God today is my day off ............
I guess ill never be good enough for my family.....FML
I'm past my breaking point. Things will never be the same and I just trying  to accept that but it so hard to move on....FML.....i give up
Im single cuz Im sick of liars and fake girls
I Want Years <TWO HEARTS><RING> Not Weeks<PEDESTRIAN><VICTORY HAND>I Want Real <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> Not Fake<RAISED HAND>I Want Arguments <IMP><THOUGHT BALLOON> Not Secrets <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY> I Wanna Be Held Down <CLOSED LOCK WITH KEY> Not Let Down <PERSON FROWNING>
I don't know why I do this to myself, I know you're with someone else. I wish i could move on and forget about you......
Sometimes the person you'd take a bullet for is the person behind the trigger.
Spending my Sunday whacting football and drinking beer
@buffalobills sanborn NY #BillsRollCall.
Let go Buffalo Bills
having too much on my mind&lt;&lt;&lt;
Im So tired of Having my heart broken. I wish i could find a faithful girl. I feel like giving up on love. Ugh....Fml
Hey bartender pour 'em hot tonight, 'til the party and the music and the truth collide, bring it 'til her memory fades away
Taking a dip break a work 
Work 4-10 then going to bonfire
Official have 1 job now. Official a  dishwasher/food prep at apple granny. The pay and hours are so much better then my janitor job.
Im glad I have my dog, hse never lets me down and shes always at the front door waiting for me to get home
Backroads and bonfires. <FIRE><OK HAND SIGN>
I've been judged by people I care about, ignored by those who said they'd never leave and hurt by the ones I love the most, that's life...
There's nothing like the first dip of the day
Where I grew up, we rode in trucks.
Okay so maybe I don't have the best reputation , but I'm getting better at getting better. im really trying to turn my life around
I have today off form both my jobs. so Im just going to relaxing and hang out with my dog
Sometimes creating a little distance will help people recognize how much you actually mean to them.
LET GO BUFFALO BILLS 
#BillsMafia #BUFvsNE #Billieve
I official got a job at Apple granny in lewstion as a dishwasher. I official have 2 job now
Struggling to get out of bed............
Just doing some late night country road cruisin <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
@JellyAndDay  I think that would be great.  yes please ???? I would love one
@ballin4lyfe24 so ture. That what i look for in a girlfriend too
I got a promotion today at work. Iv only been working there for 1 month. Dam i love my new job
-Pro God
-Pro Gun
-Pro Life
-Pro Dip

Anti Obama
@JellyAndDay1 haha. Ya i grew up going fishing. Thanks you too &lt;3 :D
@JellyAndDay1 i love your fishing video. I love going fishing. Its so relaxing and fun.I also love your video,You guys are so inspirational
Don't judge me for my choices when you don't understand my reasons.
Half the shit you think I don't know, I found out a long time ago.
I pass my road test on the frist try. I'm official new york state license driver
Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean yall happy, having a title dont make it real
just got home. Had a great time tonight at the bonfire with my buddies now going to bed
Round 2 tonight. Good weekend with my buddies so far but I miss my grandma cat wait in till she comes home tomorrow 
@9kaylaelizabeth happy birthday. thanks for begin such a great friend to me. hope you have a good birthday and we need to hangout soon
just got out of work now showering and eating diner then going my buddies bonfire at 9:30 #IceColdBeer #PartyTime  #HickLife
I'm happy with who I am. If you don't like it then don't fucking talk to me. I'm gonna be me so u can go fuck urself if u don't like it.
it’s about who you miss at 2 in the afternoon when you’re busy, not 2 in the morning when you’re lonely
I wanna lay in bed and discover new music with you
6 days intill opening day of deer ad coyote hunting season. im so excited im going deer hunting in the am and coyote at night
Farewell one of the greatest to ever play the game. #Re2pect
Forming the habit of smelling every bottled beverage before taking a drink to ensure you haven't spit in it #DipProbs
listing to music and packing a lip then going to bed
this is the first time iv been home alone for a whole week and so far it going good. im enjoying the peace and quite
Enjoy life today because yesterday is gone and tomorrow is never promised 
so true 
@Evelynmwe I got a really good paying job and Iv been working 2 week and already got an promotion. im starting paying grandma rent
@Evelynmwe not this week she out of town. im home alone all week
I belong to no one, I am owned by no one, I answer to no one. If I give you my time, it's a privilege, not an obligation
im pretty good at drinking beer 
@meganandhayley I live in Ransomville New York about 20 minutes form Niagara falls
I don't fuck with negative people anymore because life to short to be anything but happy
I want a girlfriend....begin single is getting old/lonely. I wish someone wanted to talk to me or had a crush on me......
begin single kinda of suck.........
@Sthrn_Lesbian ya same. next week another character might be killed too
I love Linkin Park
@Sthrn_Lesbian  I like Chicago fire but I am pissed/upset that they killed her off too. she was also my favorite character
@meganandhayley  I'm so glad you guys are continuing to make videos on YouTube. I love your guys videos
Chicago Fire was amazing tonight. Tonight show how the fire house work together and stick together during rough times
People get fake when shit gets real..........
LIFE IS GOOD 
#LovingLife
official made up my mind on 2 tattoo I want to get . Now Im going to save up some money an get them done
I miss seeing your name show up on my phone......
@lucyliz @JellyAndDay1 I struggle with my anxiety/bipolar everyday. Thank you for making me feel like I'm not alone...
Buffalo bills kicked Miami ass today. Good job buffalo. This our year. The cruse is over :D :D :D
Playing the wii with my buddies 
Chilling around the bonfire with my buddies 
In Albany intill tomorrow night for a dog show 
Chillin my bff...thanks for trying to cheer me up 
Single.....wtf....i wish i could a find a faithful girl....dam I'm done
She had beautiful eyes. The kind you get lost in and I guess I did. <TWO HEARTS>
You are one shady motherfucker. How about you just get the fuck out of my life
I need a beer, or 2......
Stop caring and start living.
Our newest member of the family. We official have 5 dogs now 
Baby, if I had to choose, my best day ever, my finest hour, my wildest dream come true, mine would be you #BlakeShelton
Sometimes you've gotta drop whatever the hell you're worried about, pack a lip, sit back, and be grateful for what you've been blessed with.
@Evelynmwe its a rap song by the weekend called nah.
we can just fuck or nah
People say family is always gonna be there, I say thats a lie because half my family left and haven't heard from them in years.......
Watching @JellyAndDay1 YouTube videos and eating lunch :D
After whact the who better girlfriend video. I think u guy are both good girlfriend. You two are so cute together
@JellyAndDay1
Pack a lip then going to bed it been an long ass day
Beer. Cheaper than therapy.
Had a fun time today with sandy,kim and grandma training our dog for duck hunting season 
Jellys take a chance video inspire me to ask out a girl that i really like. So i did and she yes. Thank u for inspire me :)  @JellyAndDay1
Ready for the weekend! Fishing, Beer and Country Music!
What a beautiful mess I'm in, spendin' all my time with you, there's nothin' else I'd rather do.
I'm wide awake, thinking bout' you baby. #JakeOwen
R.I.P connor you will be missed. My prayers and thought go out the family and friends

It is a problem.

Stop being too afraid to admit it.
When we first met, I had no idea you'd become this important to me.
Ready set let's roll, ready set let's ride, get your little fine ass on the step, shimmy up inside #ChaseRice
She ain't perfect, but she's worth it....
Even though I walked away. Even though you hurt me. I still can't let you go. You'll always be in my heart.....
We all get addicted to something that takes away the pain.
S.L.I.F. = Sorry Liver It's Friday
relaxing around the bonfire drinking beer and listening to country music with my buddies
Relationships are like drugs, they either kill you, or give you the best feeling of your life.
I just need to clock outta life for a bit.i need to get away form all this bullshit with my family.
Can't keep putting up with this same shit everyday.....i need out of this house asap
I'm not a perfect person, I make a lot of mistakes... but still, I love those people who stay with me after knowing how I really am....
I'm awake but I don't want to get out of bed...
Doubt me. I dare you. I will prove you wrong.
Packing a lip then going to bed.
If you can't live it down, might as well live it up. #BG
Going jet skiing
Sore, in pain, can't get comfortable, miserable, and restless. Yay, for such a fantastic night
I like your video on instgram.you guys are so inspirational. Love u guys :) @JellyAndDay1 
I love the bullying vedio. It was amazing. I got beat up a lot in highschool and bully my family because I'm a lesbian  
@JellyAndDay1
Had an amazing night at the ransomville races
Spending my firday night at the races 
Good morning lip to get the day started off right
i love your guys video. there so funny and cool. i hope one day i can have an amazing relationship like you guy have. @JellyAndDay1
my summer consist of Fishing, Beer, Bonfires, Swimming and Country Music
Everything is right and we rule the world
Our generation is fucked up when it comes to trust, loyalty, and relationships.
Liquor always has a way of convincing me I'm a great dancer
You know your best-friend loves you when you going down the rode and your best-friend is in the back seat trying to find you spit bottle.
Had a few beers. Feelin gewdddd
Had a amazing day at the dog show. Were 2 point from his chapmionship. Now relaxing and celebrating our win today. Dam Pennsylvania so nice
Going to Pennsylvania this weekend again for another dogshow with my grandma. Hopefully we can finsh my dog or get some more point
TODAY I GRADUATE FROM HIGH SCHOOL

TODAY I GRADUATE FROM HIGH SCHOOL 
Summer.
Drinks get colder.
Water gets warmer.
Music gets louder. 
Nights get longer. 
Life gets better.
YeeYee!
Drinking jack Daniels and chilling around the bonfire with my buddies
I need to clear my mind<LEAF FLUTTERING IN WIND>
All you really need this time of year, is a pair of shades, and ice cold beer.
I've spoke to God and have walked with the devil, I'm not perfect.
Last day in PA. So don't want to go home. I'm having an amazing time down here.....
I could go for a tipsy tailgate kiss, baby taste the moon-shinin' off of your lips.  -Cole Swindell
I wanna be there when you wake up, be more than just your friend, baby there's no mistaken', you're the love I wanna be in.

DD       I     PPP
D  D     I     P    P
D  D     I     PPP
D  D     I     P
DD       I     P
If I told you I loved you, would it make you want to stay.......
You're the only one I want to be with.
I don't even get mad anymore, I expect bullshit from people.
Good morning form the dog show. I'm whacting breed while my grandma judge obedience 
Clockwork by Easton Corbin is probably my favorite song right now.
Somebody ready for bed
#BestDogInTheWorld 
Road trip with my grandma to new castle pa for a dog show 
Brantley Gilbert is my favorite artist hands down, such a badass! He knows what country music is!
Summer is here. Bring on the bonfires, fishin' and cold ones.
What you learn from them does.
Packing a morning chew to get myself through Monday morning. <PISTOL>
Regrets are for pussies. Shit happens, deal with it.
had a great time last night at my buddy luke b-day party/bonfire.
#HungOver#FieldParty#HickLife#BeerPong
fracture my wrist while punching the wall while i was mad....it hurt so bad...possibly broken ill fine out more when i go to the doctor

Talking to tht special someone tht just makes u happy #thelife
Pretty good weekend I'd say. Beer, fire, fishing and freinds.. What's better? 
@Evelynmwe sis she really cute
I am a Christian. That does not mean I am perfect. Just forgiven.
"@ItsTheWeeeknd: There's always those songs I like but can't listen to because it makes me cry."
- He will be there for you.
- He will make a way for you.
- He will wipe away your tears.
- He will be you…
Sometimes, I just sit back and realize how blessed I am. God is great. I have amazing people in my life. I shouldn't complain. Praise Him
"@God_Loved: If you are always talking about your problems, don't be surprised if you live in perpetual defeat."
7 days without prayer makes one "weak"
Grizzly Mint is blue.
If you don't like guys who dip,
Fuck you
An early morning lip to get the day started off right <OK HAND SIGN>
Dipping is the ultimate stress reliever
