Road closed after cyclist accident: A ROAD into a Hampshire village is shut this evening after an accident inv... 
Community: "Basic RV Repair and Palmistry" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follows...
Hey, it's... 
Southampton council leader welcomes cabinet reshuffle after Eric Pickles axed: ERIC Pickles has lost his job a... 
Woman sentenced after causing death of Hampshire pensioner cyclist: A WOMAN, who caused the death of a pension... 
Invisible Inc. Review: Even though every mission boils down to basically the same “get in, get your objective,... 
Piers Morgan aims dig at Radio Solent journalist over ex-Hampshire star Kevin Pietersen: TELEVISION presenter ... 
Piers Morgan aims dig at Radio Solent journalist over ex-Hampshire star Kevin Pietersen: TELEVISION presenter ... 
Overturned lorry spills load and blocks major road: A OVERTURNED lorry is causing traffic chaos on a major roa... 
Hants launch rewards scheme: Hampshire Cricket have launched an exciting new loyalty rewards programme. 
Final Fantasy X / X-2 HD Remaster PS4 Review: Last year I called Final Fantasy X/X-2 HD Remaster for PlayStati... 
Unions gather in Hampshire to for special memorial: PEOPLE who have died in their workplaces were remembered a... 
Brothers jailed for attacking student in Southampton: TWO brothers were jailed for eight months after attackin... 
Boat Jumble Sale attracts hundreds of people: BOATS of all sizes, shapes and colours were on show at a jumble ... 
Nepal hit by new 7.4 magnitude earthquake: Nepal has been hit by another major earthquake. 
Swansea close gap on Southampton with win at Arsenal: SAINTS have a brand new rival in the race for European f... 
Labour shortage sparks record pay rises - report: AN increasing labour shortage is ramping pay increases in th... 
Girl Meets World: Season Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode follow.
Kicking off the firs... 
British legion branch back in business: A GROUP that unites ex-service men and women has reformed one of its H... 
Caring nurse recognised for helping family through difficult time: A CHILDREN'S nurse in Southampton has won a... 
Carer fleeces thousands of pounds from vulnerable pensioner to bankroll daughter's emigration bid: A CARER sto... 
The Last Man on Earth: Season 1 Review: Full spoilers follow.
Fox’s Last Man on Earth had a roller coaster of ... 
Popular cruise ship refreshed and enhanced: RETURNING to Southampton for its sixth consecutive year, cruise sh... 
Mad Max: Fury Road Review: In the wasteland of Hollywood action movies -- where over-the-top CGI slugfests, lo... 
Cyanide attack 'was planned because accused felt belittled for being ginger': A man plotted a cyanide attack f... 
Southampton drugs gang sentenced to more than 18 years in prison: A DRUGS gang have been sentenced to more tha... 
Tomlinson takes four-for at Headingley: James Tomlinson finished with 4-86 as Hampshire bowled out Yorkshire f... 
Hampshire naval base to open doors to public: ONE of Hampshire’s largest military bases is opening its doors t... 
Armed robbers burst into family home in middle of the night: A FAMILY was left terrified after three armed rob... 
Revenge: Series Finale Review: Note: Full spoilers for the Revenge series finale follow.
The final instalment ... 
'UFO spotted over city' claims enthusiast - what do you think?: A UFO enthusiast claims he has proof that an a... 
Scientist hits out at new Jurassic World film over dinosaurs with no feathers: A SOUTHAMPTON scientist has hit... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton: The verdict: It’s time for everybody to draw in a deep breath and focus on what lit... 
Arsonist hunted after fire in Southampton block of flats: POLICE are hunting an arsonist who put residents’ li... 
PHOTOS: Kids in egg and flour fight to mark end of school: It's a key landmark in any teenager's life - and ho... 
Fire in kitchen: FIREFIGHTERS in Hampshire were called to a small oven fire. 
Drivers facing rush hour delays after crash shuts motorway: Motorists are facing major rush hour delays after ... 
Hero sailor speaks about dramatic rescue: A HEROIC sailor has told of the dramatic moment he risked his life t... 
Mad Men: "The Milk and Honey Route" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
The penultimate episo... 
Silicon Valley: "Server Space" Review: Spoilers for "Server Space" within.
After a long string of bad luck and... 
Hampshire share first day honours with Bairstow at Headingley: Jonny Bairstow hit a gloriously uninhibited 102... 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: "Meet Mondo Gecko" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode follow.
This ... 
Marathon effort from Gemma: A SOUTHAMPTON veterinary nurse pounded the pavements to show just how much she lov... 
Outlander: "The Search" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
"The Search" for Jamie Fraser trul... 
Crash on main road leads to delays: THERE are long delays on a Hampshire dual carriageway this afternoon follo... 
Man held over alleged attempted parachute murder is victim's husband: A man arrested on suspicion of attempted... 
Inspired to give women a helping hand in Ethiopia: IT is the plight of Ethiopian women that has inspired a Chr... 
PHOTOS: Hundreds turn out for VE Day celebrations: WAR veterans came together across Hampshire to celebrate th... 
Fonte: Treat next week like the FA Cup final: Jose Fonte has urged Saints to approach the next week as if they... 
NEPAL QUAKE: Explorer's journey to a village in need: ADRIAN HAYES, a professional adventurer, speaker and bus... 
Orphan Black: "Newer Elements of Our Defense" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode follow.
Oh, dang... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton: Koeman left to rue another slow start: Ronald Koeman was left to rue another slow s... 
Gotham: Season 1 Review: Warning: Full spoilers for FOX's first season of Gotham follow...
For the sake of suc... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton - in pictures: Saints had a battle on their hands after Leicester scored two goals i... 
Attempted murder arrest after woman's parachute fails to open: MAN has been arrested on suspicion of attempted... 
Pair in hospital after road crash: TWO people were cut from their car and taken to hospital after a crash in H... 
PHOTOS: Saints star helps school's fundraising drive: SAINTS star James Ward-Prowse has set his sights on Euro... 
Leicester City v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Leicester City in this afternoon's Premier Le... 
Hundreds of bikers ride in memory of Southampton teenager: Hundreds of bikers have set off though the streets ... 
Residents to have say on future of Hampshire hospital: RESIDENTS can have their say about what services they w... 
Project aims to make neighbours know each other better: AN INITIATIVE aimed at getting neighbours to know each... 
Saints go Dutch for pre-season: Saints are planning trips to Austria and Holland as part of their pre-season p... 
Man hunted after child punched near supermarket: A MAN has punched a 12-year-old boy in the face close to a Ha... 
Two appear on drugs charges: TWO men appeared at Southampton Crown Court in relation to hard drugs. 
Thousands due at traditional event previously marred by violence: THOUSANDS of people are expected to descend ... 
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood Review: Wolfenstein: The Old Blood is a strange beast. As a six-hour, stand-alone p... 
Louie: "Untitled" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Louie found its sweet spot of routi... 
Pitch Perfect 2 Review: Released in 2012, Universal's Pitch Perfect was a sleeper hit, earning over $113 milli... 
Motorists face seven-mile delays after crash on motorway: MOTORISTS are facing miles of traffic chaos this eve... 
Pearson pleased by Southampton progress: Leicester manager Nigel Pearson is pleased to see his former club Sou... 
Hampshire expert to chair probe into accuracy of opinion polls: A SOUTHAMPTON academic is to chair the indepen... 
PREVIEW: The Prodigy: ONE of the world’s biggest dance acts perform on the south coast next week. 
Police close probe into death of pensioner at Hampshire care home: A POLICE probe into the death of a pensione... 
'I am so sorry'  - Labour leader Ed Miliband quits as leader: LABOUR leader Ed Miliband has reigned following ... 
ELECTION 2015: Who won where in Hampshire?: AFTER a long night the results have come in for Hampshire - and th... 
ELECTION 2015: Cameron set to meet Queen to form Government as Tories approach majority: David Cameron is set ... 
ELECTION 2015: Conservatives romp home in Winchester and Chandler's Ford: STEVE Brine romped to victory in Win... 
Koeman fears Southampton FC stars may have been distracted by transfer speculation: Ronald Koeman fears that s... 
VE DAY: How Hampshire will be commemorating the 70th anniversary: HAMPSHIRE will remember the end of the Secon... 
The Big Bang Theory: Season 8 Finale Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
There are many adjectives ... 
VIDEO: Warnings issued as Hampshire's disease-ridden tick population set to 'explode': WALKERS and outdoor wor... 
Missing 14-year-old girl not seen for five days as fears grow: FEARS are growing for a Hampshire schoolgirl wh... 
The D Train Review: Upfront, you should know The D Train isn't the buddy comedy you might expect from stars Ja... 
Apple Watch Review: With the launch of the Apple Watch, iPhone users who’ve yearned for more than the Pebble’s... 
Royal Navy sailor found guilty of sexually assaulting colleague with beer bottle by Hampshire court martial: A... 
McAllister and Howard head for Eastleigh exit door: RICHARD Hill’s player/assistant manager Craig McAllister a... 
Funeral date set for popular Hampshire biker: A DATE has been set for the funeral of a popular Hampshire biker... 
Koeman hopeful on J-Rod's Southampton future: Saints are optimistic that Jay Rodriguez will sign a new contrac... 
Grand Designs presenter sets sights on 50-home plan for Hampshire village: A DEVELOPER is one step closer to s... 
Ex-Hants star to play for county champions: GLENN Maxwell will be available to play for Yorkshire in the LV Co... 
Southampton Chamber of Arts goes from strength to strength: THE newly formed Southampton Chamber of Arts conti... 
ELECTION 2015: Polling day begins: The polls have opened in what is expected to be the tightest general electi... 
Arcadia #1 Review: In The Matrix, a select group of people discovered the true nature of their computer-genera... 
The £6m Ferrari left to the RNLI by owner who was "nervous of the sea": THE RNLI is set for an £8 million wind... 
Saints legend Kelvin Davis to join the 300 club: Kelvin Davis is set to become only the second goalkeeper in S... 
Council chiefs back new £2m Hampshire museum plans: CIVIC chiefs are backing a multi-million-pound plan to tra... 
Spy Review: Melissa McCarthy continues to prove she’s a force to be reckoned with in the latest comedy from wr... 
Former Hampshire youth theatre director downloaded child porn: A FORMER youth theatre director has been spared... 
Arrow: "This Is Your Sword" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
It would be nice if Arrow didn’t fe... 
Powers: Season 1 Review: Warning: Full spoilers for Powers' first season follow...
Sony's adaptation of Brian ... 
Walker braced for a nail-biting finish to sixth leg of Volvo Ocean Race: HAMPSHIRE skipper Ian Walker was last... 
Cruise ship delayed coming into UK due to electrics problems: A SOUTHAMPTON-based cruise ship will be delayed ... 
Graphic Novel Review: Batman - Earth One Vol. 2: Of the three series to debut in DC's slowly growing Earth One... 
Police investigating Hampshire UKIP candidate who 'threatened to shoot' his opponent: AN INVESTIGATION into co... 
Thanks go out to Danny as new Follands boss is unveiled: JAY Keating is the new manager of Sydenhams Premier D... 
Hampshire club 'devastated' after burglars steal equipment worth £5,000: A HAMPSHIRE club has been dealt a dev... 
City main road to shut tonight for emergency works: MOTORISTS face chaos tonight when a Southampton road is cl... 
Southampton open contract talks with Jay Rodriguez: Saints are understood to have begun fresh contract negotia... 
ELECTION 2015: Confusing leaflet to be amended by Conservatives: A ROW has erupted over a Conservative leaflet... 
Secret Wars #1 Review: There's ample reason to be wary of event comics these days. They crop up with alarming ... 
PICTURES: Regulars help good cause as they wait to learn fate of their beloved pub: THEY may be waiting with b... 
Two charged and three arrested after police drugs raids in Southampton: POLICE have charged two people and arr... 
ELECTION 2015: Where the parties stand on the NHS: FROM waiting times to GP numbers and much-needed funding, a... 
Southampton CEO Rogers named Director of the Year: SAINTS are collecting trophies off the pitch as well as on ... 
Spooks: The Greater Good Review: “MI-5 – not 9-to-5” was the nifty tagline appended to BBC spy series Spooks w... 
Prisioner sets fire to cell: EMERGENCY services were called into action last night after a prisoner set fire t... 
REVIEW: Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein's Oklahoma!, Mayflower, Southampton: Review of Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein's Oklahoma!... 
UPDATED: Murder suspect remains in custody after man found dead in flat: A MAN was continuing to be questioned... 
Off-duty solider and fireman hailed a hero after man's heart restarted after cardiac arrest: A GRANDAD’S life ... 
Person of Interest: Season 4 Finale Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the Person of Interest season finale fo... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: Now that Doctor Wells stands revealed as the Reverse-Flash, the final ... 
Community: "Grifting 101" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
This episode took quite awhile ... 
Southampton barber is a cut above as Gosport defeat Sholing in Hampshire Senior Cup final: Southampton barber ... 
Shadowrun Chronicles: Boston Lockdown Review: Sure, there may be shotgun-toting orcs and dwarves on the mean s... 
Hampshire UKIP candidate suspended after threatening 'to shoot' rival if he ever became prime minister: A HAMP... 
'Madness' of cars parked along storm hit shore: DESPITE gusts of up to 60mph some people in Hampshire were sti... 
BoxBoy Review: BoxBoy builds a devilishly smart puzzle platformer out of a simple premise. Like any good puzzl... 
UPDATED: Duo arrested following death of pensioner released without charge: TWO people arrested in connection ... 
£25,000 theft suspect found by police: A MAN wanted in connection with an alleged theft in the New Forest has ... 
Hundreds of exhibitors and thousands of visitors expected at Seawork spectacular: EUROPE’S largest marine and ... 
Hill named best boss for April: EASTLEIGH’S magnificent run of five straight wins at the end of the regular Va... 
Millbrook Towers celebrates 50 years - in pictures: “IT’S our village in the sky.” These are the words of Sout... 
Bird rescued after fire breaks out in house: A PET bird had to be rescued when a fire broke out at a Hampshire home. 
Fire rips through school: A FIRE ripped through part of a Hampshire school yesterday morning. 
ELECTION 2015: Ed Miliband promises fair funding and new homes for Southampton should Labour win: ED MILIBAND ... 
Clyne: I'm happy to stay at Southampton: Nathaniel Clyne has given Saints fresh hope that he could yet sign a ... 
Parents of Hampshire sailor lost at sea launch fundraising drive: THE parents of a Hampshire man lost at sea h... 
Tributes paid to Southampton man killed in freak accident: AN ELDERLY man from Hampshire was killed in what is... 
Sailor Moon: Crystal Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Since Prince Demande has kidnapped ev... 
Adams stars on Hampshire's Dean Park return: Hampshire’s return to Dean Park was overshadowed by AFC Bournemou... 
Mad Men: "Lost Horizon" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
Another great episode of Mad Men ... 
Fire crews tackle blaze at Hampshire home: FIRE crews are currently tackling a blaze at a house in Chandler's ... 
Arrests made after 'serious incident' in Southampton: POLICE have cordoned off a Southampton street as they in... 
Royal Princess named: THE Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have called their new baby daughter Charlotte Elizabet... 
Bournemouth celebrate Championship title with open-top bus parade: Bournemouth have celebrated their Champions... 
Owner of 18th century cottage destroyed by fire tells of dramatic moments the blaze took hold: THE OWNER of an... 
ELECTION 2015: Spotlight on Eastleigh: WHEN residents in Eastleigh last voted for a new MP it was in the glare... 
GALLERY: Three Queens cap a celebration to remember in Southampton: THE ships left one by one, each on a cours... 
GALLERY: Eastleigh's dreams of back-to-back promotions crushed - but still plenty to celebrate for fans: A TRI... 
Referee not to blame for defeat – Koeman: Ronald Koeman refused to blame referee Mike Jones for Saints’ defeat... 
Hampshire woman given 'no chance of survival' at birth defies the odds to reach 100 years old: BORN two months... 
GALLERY: Right Royal celebration for Hampshire parents: IT WAS a right royal day for celebrations. 
Daily Echo to back Marwell's new city-wide Zany Zebras extravaganza: READ ALL about it! 
Game of Thrones: "Sons of the Harpy" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Before I get int... 
Saints looking forward after Stadium of Fright defeat: Steven Davis insists Saints are not looking over their ... 
Play-off heartbreak for Eastleigh: Eastleigh’s Vanarama Conference promotion dreams were crushed with a 3-0 de... 
The Americans: Season 3 Review: Like my Season 2 review, I’m going to open up this review with a quick note fo... 
GALLERY: Another Middleton gives birth to daughter at Hampshire hospital: THE Duchess of Cambridge was not the... 
GOSSIP: Southampton line-up new keeper: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appearing in the med... 
Two hour search to find injured cyclist: A CYCLIST crashing off his bike sparked a major ambulance response in... 
Alderweireld says Southampton deserved more: Toby Alderweireld felt that Saints should have got at least a poi... 
GALLERY: Family touched by 'overwhelming' tribute by hundreds of people to Hampshire biker killed in crash: A ... 
Hampshire play park to close ahead of £70,000 revamp: A PLAY area will be ready for the summer holidays after ... 
Cricketers get ready for King Alfred Trophy: THE King Alfred Trophy will again be fought for by local crickete... 
Under-threat city pub going all out for possible last hurrah: A HISTORIC Southampton pub is going all out for ... 
Hampshire's 'good neighbours' honoured at ceremony: PEOPLE who make a difference to their communities were rec... 
Pair jailed after 'terrifying' robberies: TWO men have been jailed after robbing a man driving back from work ... 
Community in shock as murder probe launched after man found dead in Southampton: A COMMUNITY is in shock as de... 
Outlander: "The Watch" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Last week's Outlander ended on a cl... 
Hundreds of bikers hit Hampshire roads in tribute to teen who died in smash: HUNDREDS of bikers took to Hampsh... 
VOTE: Who was Southampton's MoM against Sunderland?: Have your say and vote for your Saints Man of the Match f... 
Car overturnson on Hampshire main road: DELAYS are building after a car overturned on a main road in Hampshire. 
Three Queens set for cruise line's spectacular 175th anniversary celebrations tomorrow - find out where to see... 
Baby attacked outside city McDonald's: POLICE were called after claims a baby was attacked outside a Hampshire... 
Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck Review: Those tuning into HBO this Monday night expecting a "Behind the Music"-st... 
Murder probe after man found dead in Southampton: DETECTIVES have launched a murder probe after a man was foun... 
Sunderland v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Sunderland in this afternoon's Premier League mat... 
ELECTION 2015: Spotlight on New Forest East: TORY Julian Lewis is hoping to win New Forest East for the fifth ... 
Hampshire police launch child car safety crackdown: HAMPSHIRE police will be on a mission next week to help pa... 
Still time to join mass choir rehearsals in Southampton: THERE'S still a chance to be part of a large new comm... 
Davis: Saints determined not to let season fizzle out: Kelvin Davis insists that Saints are determined not to ... 
Hundreds of bikers in mass ride-out to pay tribute to Hampshire teen: HUNDREDS of bikers will take to Hampshir... 
Coldplay donate £10,000 to help Hampshire dad walk again after his story 'restored faith in life': HE is one o... 
ELECTION 2015: Chancellor pledges £2.4bn transport improvements for the south: CHANCELLOR George Osborne will ... 
Story of Seasons Review: Despite the difference in its name, Story of Seasons is very much a Harvest Moon game... 
Party night in Southampton for 80s pop group fans: Fans of Depeche Mode invited to party night in Southampton 
ELECTION 2015: Southampton candidate hits out at rival over health centre claims: A SOUTHAMPTON election candi... 
Welcome to Me Review: There are certainly moments within Welcome to Me, Shira Piven's quirky account of a ment... 
GALLERY: Hampshire village explodes with colour to raise thousands of pounds for charity: HUNDREDS of people h... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Maternal Combustion" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
With Mother's Da... 
Ronald Koeman desperate to make his former Holland boss' job harder at Sunderland: Saints boss Ronald Koeman b... 
Stand By Me singer Ben E. King dies: Stand By Me singer Ben E King has died aged 76, his agent said. 
Students fight to save college from losing courses: Angry students are gathering outside a Hampshire college i... 
NEPAL QUAKE: Hampshire explorer brings aid to victims: A HAMPSHIRE adventurer has abandoned his latest expedit... 
Mystery surrounds death of Hampshire man found at bottom of electricity pylon: Mystery surrounds how a young H... 
Bare-bones Town bid to spoil party: Romsey Town were very close to ruining Cowes Sports’ promotion party as th... 
Eastleigh 1 Grimsby 2: Uphill struggle for Spitfires after top-class goals: If it wasn’t for two world-class N... 
Cunard's Three Queens to arrive in Southampton this weekend: Cunard’s celebrations for its 175th anniversary w... 
Hampshire man to battle forty foot waves, freezing waters and floating icebergs when rowing across the Atlanti... 
Louie: "Bobby's House" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
The conversation that began ba... 
Hill reflects on tough night for Eastleigh: RICHARD Hill admitted Eastleigh had not been at their best last ni... 
Koeman admits it will be harder to keep Schneiderlin this summer: Fears are growing that Morgan Schneiderlin m... 
Student wins Easter wardrobe at Southampton shopping centre: A Southampton student took home a whole heap of c... 
Vikings: Season 3 Review: Warning: Full spoilers for Vikings: Season 3 follows...
While it may not have worked... 
LIVE: Eastleigh trail in play-off clash: Nathan Arnold’s incredible strike is the difference at half-time betw... 
ELECTION 2015 VIEWPOINT: Things get nasty: IT’S well-known that divorces can get nastier in the final days, as... 
Eastleigh play-off semi-final kick-off delayed: Eastleigh's Vanarama Conference play-off first leg semi-final ... 
105-year-old marvels at reaching such a remarkable age:  Phyllis is still ‘snooker loopy’ at 105ONE of Hampshi... 
Dani King heading back to track for Rio Olympics: Hampshire’s Olympic cycling champion Dani King plans to retu... 
Crash blocks three lanes on motorway: A BUSY Hampshire motorway has ground to a halt after three lanes were bl... 
Southampton midfielder Schneiderlin out for rest of season: Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rem... 
Firm wins award for dockside warehouse expansion: THE £3.7m expansion of ABP Southampton's dockside warehouse ... 
Where in Hampshire is a national hot spot for sleeping in the buff?: SOUTHAMPTON is one of the most free spiri... 
GOSSIP: Southampton to target Danish defender if Clyne leaves: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumou... 
Ex-Saints boss Nigel Pearson in 'ostrich' rant after loss: FORMER SAINTS boss Nigel Pearson launched into a bi... 
Take That to headline festival in Hampshire: TAKE That have been announced as Sunday night headliners for a Ha... 
Invincible #119 Review: Invincible #119 continues to be a transition into the new lives of Mark, Eve, and thei... 
Eastleigh owner: All the talk about money is unfair on boss Richard Hill: CHAIRMAN Stewart Donald says all the... 
POLL: How are you voting in the General Election?: WITH  a week to go, we are running a snapshot poll of our w... 
Spurned boyfriend jailed for knocking over ex-girlfriend before attacking her mum and brother: A DUMPED boyfri... 
Fantastic Four #645 Review: Whether the real culprit is low sales, Marvel's ongoing feud with Fox or simply th... 
Supernatural: "Angel Heart" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Claire Novak hasn't had an eas... 
Infinite Crisis Review: Growing up with Batman: The Animated Series, Kevin Conroy's voice was an indicator of ... 
Hill insists the play-off pressure is all on Grimsby: RICHARD Hill says the pressure is all on Grimsby to emer... 
FOUND: Missing Gizmo the Chihuahua reunited with owner: A BELOVED pet dog has been reunited with her teenage S... 
Ex-Tottenham youngster plays key role as Team Solent are crowned Southampton Senior Cup winners: Jesse Waller-... 
Urgent action urged to cut air pollution in hot spots like Southampton: IMMEDIATE action must be taken to tack... 
Eastleigh issue play-off ticket update: AFTER discussions with local police and safety advisors, Eastleigh are... 
Hail helps Hants secure draw: HAIL helped Hampshire drew their LV County Championship match at The Ageas Bowl. 
Missing dog sparks desperate search from young owner: Emily Ford A TEENAGER from Southampton is desperately se... 
Parish council annual meeting: THE annual general meeting of Martyr Worthy Parish Hall will be held on May 5. 
Follands won't be rushed into naming new manager: FOLLAND Sports will not be rushed into appointing a new manager. 
Batman #40 Review: Part of Joker's appeal as a villain is his almost total mystique. We know very little about... 
Battle is on to preserve our historic heathlands: Our heathlands have sustained life for thousands of years, i... 
PHOTOS: Saints stars keep kids smiling with hospital visit: THEY have been putting smiles on the faces of thei... 
Paul Young on bill of charity fundraising music festival Lowde Fest 2015: A MUSIC festival which raises money ... 
Former Saint looking forward to 90th birthday: Bryn Elliott, the second-oldest surviving Saint, celebrates his... 
Accident blocks road in rush hour: RUSH HOUR traffic was delayed this morning after a crash in Southampton. 
Legend Le Tissier honoured by Athletic Bilbao: Former Southampton and England forward Matt Le Tissier has been... 
Theatre lauds Hampshire star Keith Harris after death aged 67: TRIBUTES have been paid to a Hampshire-born sta... 
Rock legend launches Southampton cruise giant's 175th anniversary: ROCK superstar Sting launched Cunard’s 175t... 
Appeals launched across Hampshire to help Nepal earthquake relief efforts: HUGE fundraising appeals have sprun... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: Big things are brewing in Central City now that Barry, Caitlin and Cis... 
Totton deny Salisbury victory in historic first friendly: AFC TOTTON fought back from 2-0 down to force a 2-2 ... 
Atlantic disaster that claimed four lives blamed on yacht's structural weaknesses: A YACHT disaster that claim... 
Cup joy for Blackfield &amp; Langley: BLACKFIELD &amp; Langley are back in the silverware. 
Community: "Intro to Recycled Cinema" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
This week's Communi... 
Labour reiterate calls to keep Southampton walk-in centre open: THE future of health services in Southampton –... 
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past Graphic Novel Review: The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past holds up... 
Teenage girl found after going missing for three days: A HAMPSHIRE schoolgirl who had been missing for three d... 
Cherries boast Boruc and Surman – but is their squad good enough for the Premier League?: Bournemouth may have... 
Hampshire v Nottinghamshire (day three): Welcome to live coverage of the third day of Hampshire's LV County Ch... 
BREAKING: Orville ventriloquist Keith Harris dies aged 67: The ventriloquist Keith Harris famed for working wi... 
Former Saints star celebrates promotion with Bournemouth: FORMER Saints star Andrew Surman celebrates with his... 
Last ditch attempt to save shop: PENSIONERS are fighting to save the last shop in their Hampshire village as t... 
DUMPED DOGS: Can you help seal a happy ending for family of dogs dumped in appalling conditions?: WHAT a trans... 
Disappointed Davis vows to get on to Saints scoresheet: Steven Davis has revealed his determination to get on ... 
GALLERY: IS THIS YOURS? Police reveal haul of items stolen from Hampshire homes and gardens: POLICE have disco... 
Half marathon bosses promise 'bigger and better' event in Southampton next year: IT was the spectacular sporti... 
No inquest into death of sporty Hampshire schoolgirl: THERE will not be an inquest into the death of a sporty ... 
Gotham: "The Anvil or the Hammer" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Gotham prepared for... 
ELECTION 2015: Farm workers to benefit in Labour's 'rural manifesto': LOWLY-paid farm workers are today promis... 
Cherries are up for Saints derbies: SOUTH coast derbies will return to the Premier League next season as AFC B... 
The Last Man on Earth: "The Tandyman Can" Review: Full spoilers follow.
Phil Miller… uh, I mean Tandy Miller’s... 
Hoegh Osaka to return to Southampton for first time since being stranded: THE Hoegh Osaka will return to South... 
Andre relishing Notts battle: HAMPSHIRE new boy Andre Adams took the big wicket of his former teammate Alex Ha... 
Mad Men: "Time &amp; Life" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
This was the episode this final ru... 
Southampton to subsidise Manchester City tickets: Saints are set to subsidise tickets for the final game of th... 
Motorway blocked after vehicle fire: MOTORISTS face rush hour delays on a busy motorway after a vehicle fire. 
Overturned lorry causing delays on Hampshire road: AN overturned lorry is causing lengthy delays on a busy Ham... 
Hampshire sailors on Volvo Ocean Race have a need for speed: Hampshire sailors on the all-female Team SCA Volv... 
Police thank public for help in hunt for dangerous sex offender: POLICE involved in the manhunt for a missing ... 
NEPAL QUAKE: Hampshire adventurer describes 'mother of avalanches' on Nepalese mountain: A NEW FOREST adventur... 
Ex-Saints pay their respects to Bill Ellerington: There was standing-room only at the Southampton Crematorium ... 
No pain no gain for Alderweireld: TOBY Alderweireld insisted he had no hesitation in putting himself through e... 
New “Back to Beales” campaign hoped to tempt back shoppers to flagship store: THE new team in charge of Beales... 
Rescue team on way to help in Nepal after huge earthquake: A TEAM of firefighters from Hampshire will today fl... 
Hampshire's Rose blossoms in New Orleans: Hampshire's Justin Rose keeps finding ways to win each year on the P... 
Delays on main road for rush hour travellers: COMUTERS are facing delays this morning on a key Hampshire route. 
Once Upon a Time: "Lily" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
When times get tough, the best th... 
Take an exclusive glimpse inside controversial 171-bed Hilton Hotel at the Ageas Bowl: Work at the controversi... 
Tributes paid to teenager killed in motorcycle crash: TRIBUTES have been paid to a teenager who died in a moto... 
Game of Thrones: "High Sparrow" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Despite not quite kno... 
Honest Yoshida: Blame me for two dropped points: Maya Yoshida did not hesitate in shouldering the blame for To... 
Totton to face Claridge's new-look Salisbury: AFC TOTTON are ready to play a part in history on Tuesday as the... 
PICTURES: St George's Day parades take place across Hampshire: Towns and cities across Hampshire became a sea ... 
Hants set to replace Bird with Fidel Edwards: HAMPSHIRE are intending to sign Fidel Edwards earlier than plann... 
Hussey delighted as Sholing end league campaign with point at high-fliers: STUART Hussey had only positive fee... 
Ninja Turtles: "The Noxious Avenger" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode follow.
After another hia... 
Thousands of runners pound the streets in ABP Southampton Half Marathon and 10k: MORE than 6,000 running heroe... 
City choir introduces the Caveman Chorus to attract male singers:  A SOUTHAMPTON community choir is set to roc... 
Podium finish for Stoneman: DEAN Stoneman secured an impressive podium in his first race in the opening round ... 
Councillors approve plans for 30 new homes: A SCHEME to build up to 30 homes in a tiny Hampshire community has... 
Gary Hunt begins world title defence with a victory: DEFENDING champion Gary Hunt made the perfect start to hi... 
Children's TV favourite Basil Brush to present show on BBC Radio Solent: CHILDREN'S television legend Basil Br... 
Missing sex offender Stephen Munden hands himself in to police: A convicted sex offender who went on the run a... 
Man suffers serious facial injuries after city centre attack: A MAN suffered serious facial injuries when he w... 
Gosport based race organisers announce London again as start and finish point for round-the-world race: THE Ha... 
Gosport based race organisers announce London again as start and finish point for round-the-world race: THE Ha... 
Hampshire runners also taking to streets of capital for London Marathon: SCORES of people across Hampshire are... 
Reigning Miss Hampshire Larissa Hirst gearing up for Hampshire's hottest race: REIGNING Miss Hampshire, Lariss... 
Outlander: "Lallybroch" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
After traveling around Scotland an... 
Meet the man who'll be running the ABP Southampton Half Marathon blindfolded: FOR some it is the perfect oppor... 
Thousands of runners poised to pound the streets in ABP Southampton Half Marathon today: Thousands of people w... 
Orphan Black: "Transitory Sacrifices of Crisis" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from this episode follow.
Seaso... 
Eastleigh make the Vanarama Conference play-offs with comeback victory: Eastleigh overcame an early scare to c... 
Happyish: Series Premiere Review: Note: The series premiere of Happyish debuts Sunday on Showtime and is now a... 
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: Poch still loves Saints: Mauricio Pochettino said he still loves Southampton despit... 
12 Monkeys: Season 1 Review: Note: Full spoilers for 12 Monkeys: Season 1 follow.
It seems like a long time ag... 
How many holidays do Hampshire people take each year ?: NEW research by online travel agency sunshine.c... 
ELECTION 2015: Spotlight on Meon Valley: WITH just one general election under its belt, this year could be exc... 
Woman died after falling: A WOMAN died in her Southampton home after falling and injuring herself, an inquest heard. 
Southampton v Tottenham: Updates: Updates as Mauricio Pochettino returns to St Mary's for this afternoon's big... 
Superfan legally changes name to Saints legend Matt Le Tissier: A SAINTS fan has taken his love of the club to... 
Man took life after rowing with partner: A SOUTHAMPTON man killed himself after going to a funeral and having ... 
Pacy Saints star Mane has always been hard to catch: Ever since he was a kid, Sadio Mane has been hard to catch. 
World famous marine research based in Southampton docks opens its doors today: The National Oceanography Centr... 
Household Cavalry to be star attraction at New Forest County Show: A DAZZLING display of military horsemanship... 
Spitfires won't be setting up for a draw: EASTLEIGH head into today’s (5.15pm) showdown against Kidderminster ... 
Tributes paid to student found dead in room with helium gas beside his body: Tributes have been paid to 19-yea... 
Astro A40 for Xbox One Review: The Xbox One-specific edition of the Astro A40 + MixAmp M80 gaming headset is a... 
Pragmatic Poch looking forward to 'special' return to Saints: Mauricio Pochettino is pragmatic ahead of a "spe... 
UPDATE - Teenage motorcyclist dies in road smash: A TEENAGER has tonight died after a road smash in Southampton. 
Steven Davis hoping Saints can use 'Poch factor' to their advantage: Steven Davis believes the fact so many Sa... 
HyperX Cloud 2 Review: Based on looks, you’d be hard-pressed to immediately tell the Kingston HyperX Cloud II ... 
ELECTION VIEW POINT: Would devolving more powers to Hampshire from Westminister be good for democracy?: Daily ... 
LONDON MARATHON: Shopping centre manager to go full distance for cause close to heart: A SHOPPING centre manag... 
Jury urges action at Hampshire road after finding woman guilty of causing death of elderly cyclist: A JURY tod... 
Bird still unavailable for Hants: Hampshire overseas signing Jackson Bird is still not ready for his debut. 
Stars team up with festival organisers to raise £50,000 for charity: POP stars joined organisers of one of the... 
WATCH: Ronald Koeman's Tottenham press conference: Watch as Ronald Koeman speaks to the media about the return... 
Grandmother four times the drink-drive limit died after choking on birthday meal, inquest heard: A WOMAN who w... 
Teenager found dead in Southampton: THE body of a teenager has been found in Southampton. 
Saints star Schneiderlin fined for speeding - AGAIN: STAR Saints player Morgan Schneiderlin has been caught sp... 
WIN: VIP Isle of Wight Festival tickets up for grabs with the Daily Echo: THE sun is shining, the mercury is r... 
Saints star Schneiderlin fined for speeding - AGAIN: STAR Saints player Morgan Schneiderlin has been caught sp... 
'I didn’t see the cyclist’ - woman accused of causing death crash tells jurors: A WOMAN accused of causing the... 
UPDATE: Probe launched amid major manhunt for Hampshire sex offender who escaped from psychiatric unit: AN inv... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Graduation Transmission" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
Last week's ... 
Koeman urges stars to focus on football after Wanyama saga: Ronald Koeman has told his Saints stars to avoid t... 
The Forger Review: John Travolta's latest, The Forger, is a Boston crime drama that isn't particularly dramati... 
Hill: I'm in football for days like these: WITH such a huge prize at stake Richard Hill says it’s only natural... 
Southampton shop worker caught selling illegal goods: A SOUTHAMPTON shop worker has been fined after selling i... 
Pochettino uncertain what reception awaits him at St Mary's this weekend: MAURICIO Pochettino does not know wh... 
Justified: Season 6 Review: Note: Full spoilers for Justified: Season 6 follow. 
Justified's final season was ... 
Budding chefs show their skill in cookathon: BUDDING chefs from across Hampshire have been cooking up a storm ... 
Hunt for two smash and grab cigarette raiders after village newsagent broken into: POLICE are hunting two men ... 
Man cleared of attacking pensioners on cruise ship: A MAN has been cleared of attacking two pensioners on a cr... 
Tom challenges Poole to pass Corby test: BOSS Tom Killick believes Poole Town have a “better” side than title ... 
Pedestrian hurt in city centre bus crash: EMERGENCY services are dealing with a bus crash in the city centre. 
GOSSIP: Chelsea to offer part exchange for Schneiderlin: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours app... 
CAUGHT: Police catch thousands of Hampshire drivers speeding over just ONE week - find out where the cameras a... 
Convergence: Justice League of America #1 Review: Is there any incarnation of the Justice League more mocked a... 
Firefighters tackle dishwasher blaze in Hampshire home: FIRE crews were called to a Fareham home last night af... 
Koeman and Poch go head to head: There is more than one way to success as a football manager. 
Hampshire benefits cheats ordered to pay up: A PAIR of Gosport residents have been ordered to pay back £8,000 ... 
Supernatural: "The Werther Project" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
The Winchesters are be... 
Trial surrounding the death of a Hampshire cyclist set to resume today: THE trial surrounding the death of a H... 
Bumper crops in Hampshire as summer comes early: SUMMER has come early - and so have our strawberries. 
Pupil hospitalized after drink spiked with corrosive acid: A SCHOOL prank left a girl needing medical treatmen... 
The Americans: Season Finale Review: Note: Full spoilers for The Americans: Season 3 finale follow. 
Compared ... 
Football coming back to the Mac: FOOTBALL is set to return to the Raymond McEnhill Stadium next week. 
Penny Dreadful: Season 2 Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
While Penny Dreadfu... 
Health watchdogs urge hospital bosses to take immediate action after poor inspection report: SOUTHAMPTON hospi... 
Firefighters tackle burning skip at secondary school: FIREFIGHTERS tonight tackled a burning skip at a Hampshi... 
Koeman praises Pochettino ahead of St Mary's clash: Ronald Koeman has praised Mauricio Pochettino’s work at Sa... 
Gridlock as rush commuters hit motorway road works: Motorists are being urged to stay clear of junction 3 of t... 
REVEALED: The size of Southampton's support around the world: Ever wondered how well supported Saints are arou... 
Police investigate after woman spotted walking on motorway hard shoulder late at night: Police have launched a... 
Powers: "Level 13" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Penned by Powers creator Brian Mic... 
Woman returns home to find burglar in her lounge: A WOMAN returned home to find a burglar in her lounge.  
LUNCH: Hants struggle to make final-day breakthroughs: by Brian Halford 
State of Decay: Year One Survival Edition Review: When I reviewed State of Decay on Xbox 360 on June 5, 2013, ... 
Satire artist’s solo showcase: A SOUTHAMPTON-based satire artist is set to showcase his work at a Winchester venue. 
Cyclist death trial adjourned: The trial surrounding the death of a Hampshire cyclist has been adjourned until... 
PENNIE: Killer's girlfriend sentenced for helping him cover up murder: THE GIRLFRIEND of a cold-blooded killer... 
Former UKIP MEP 'fraudently claimed 500k in expenses': A former Ukip MEP fraudulently claimed almost £500,000 ... 
Hampshire rugby ace Mike Brown may not play again this season: England and Harlequins full back Mike Brown may... 
Tesco posts huge loss of £6.38bn: Supermarket giant Tesco has reported a bottom-line loss of £6.38 billion for... 
Saints striker Sam can be the next Harry Kane: THE man who discovered Sam Gallagher is backing the Saints stri... 
Relief after Southampton's half-marathon found to be meet distance rules: ABP Southampton Half Marathon organi... 
Agents of SHIELD: "The Frenemy of My Enemy" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
This week’s SH... 
How did this photograph help bring Pennie Davis' killer to justice?: Little did Beaulieu river warden Anthony ... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: The Flash continued exploring the potential of a shared superhero univ... 
REVEALED: Hampshire among worst places in UK for animal cruelty: HAMPSHIRE has been named among the worst plac... 
Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron Review: Warning: This review contains some spoilers.
It was simply impossible... 
Ervine ton puts Hant on scent of victory: An accomplished century by Sean Ervine has given Hampshire a scent o... 
Community: "Advanced Safety Features" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
Have to keep my rev... 
Motorcyclist in hospital after serious accident: A MOTORCYCLIST is in hospital tonight after they suffered “se... 
Young Southampton duo sign first pro contracts: Saints academy graduates Will Wood and Armani Little have sign... 
Woman accused of killing elderly cyclist 'didn't see him': A WOMAN got out of her car after a fatal collision ... 
ELECTION 2015: Chancellor George Osborne visits Hampshire to announce jobs bonanza: CHANCELLOR George Osborne ... 
Crypt of the NecroDancer Review: Crypt of the NecroDancer has one of the most ingenious game design twists I’v... 
PENNIE: Family fury at killers' portrayal of devoted mum-of-five Pennie Davis: IT HAS been a harrowing few wee... 
LIVE: Sentencing after two men found guilty in Pennie Davis murder trial: Justin Robertson and Ben Carr are du... 
Hunt for youth who snatched pensioner's bag outside supermaket: A teenager is being hunted after a 66-year-old... 
Southampton landlord fined after turning family home into flats: A HAMPSHIRE landlord has been fined more than... 
Hundreds of people join Hampshire beach clean-up campaign: HUNDREDS of people will don rubber gloves and litte... 
Campaign hots up to turn St Mary's orange and help Saints march on to Europe: LET'S turn St Mary's orange. 
Assassin's Creed Chronicles: China Review: Assassin's Creed Chronicles: China is a decent attempt at convertin... 
Gotham: "Under the Knife" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
While Gotham may still have... 
Southampton under-21 boss Hunter delighted at his side's Premier League Cup glory night: Saints under-21 coach... 
StarDrive 2 Review: Where StarDrive 1 is a giant, rambling mess of a 4X game, StarDrive 2 is divided into disc... 
Southampton 2-1 Blackburn Rovers - in pictures: Saints took on Blackburn Rovers in the second leg of the Under... 
Ambrose's century leads Warwickshire fightback against Hampshire at Edgbaston: TIM Ambrose's bullish century u... 
Mad Men: "The Forecast" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
Hey, Sally, welcome back, in your... 
Hampshire skipper Sam Davies and co in confident mood in Volvo Ocean Race: HAMPSHIRE sailor Sam Davies and her... 
Hampshire window cleaners celebrate after making splash at awards do: HAMPSHIRE window cleaners were gleaming ... 
Jury sent out again in Pennie Davis murder trial: THE jury in the murder trial of a mother of five who was sta... 
Once Upon a Time: "Sympathy for the De Vil" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
It's that tim... 
GOSSIP: Southampton plan double Newcastle raid: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appearing in... 
Dad's charity fundraiser in memory of son Dean Paling's life: IT’S a celebration of the life of a powerboat ra... 
COMPETITON: Win the chance to follow Cunard's Three Queen's into Southampton: TEN lucky readers and their gues... 
Ex-Southampton trio named in 'Team of the Decade': Three former Saints players have been included in the Footb... 
ELECTION 2015: Last chance to register to vote: People are being urged to register to vote in the general elec... 
Southampton U21s boss urges fans to cheer team onto glory: Martin Hunter has urged Saints fans to get to St Ma... 
Teenager 'lucky to be alive' after flat fire: A TEENAGER told how she feels lucky to be alive after a blaze at... 
Nurse rushed to save man after serious road crash: A SOUTHAMPTON nurse rushed to save a man left fighting for ... 
Southampton FC striker Ryan Seager targets Under-21 silverware and 20 goals for the season: Saints goal machin... 
The Last Man on Earth: "Moved to Tampa" Review: Full spoilers follow.
Oh Phil, you were finally supposed to ha... 
Unlikely twist in Saints' hopes of playing European football next season: SAINTS’ hopes of playing European fo... 
Jose Fonte: Now the focus is all on Poch's return: Jose Fonte insists Saints’ focus has already switched to th... 
Outlander: "The Devil's Mark" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Outlander has many strengths... 
Neighbour saves elderly couple as fire guts home: A NEIGHBOUR saved the lives of an elderly couple as a blaze ... 
Police say sorry to family not told of son's death for two weeks: POLICE have said sorry to a hampshire family... 
Titanic deckchair sells for £100,000: A deckchair from the Titanic has sold at auction for just over £100,000. 
Schneiderlin: Southampton not giving up on Champions League: Morgan Schneiderlin insists Saints are not giving... 
TV naturist puts kids in the frame with wildlife photos: NATURAL history expert and TV presenter Chris Packham... 
Orphan Black: Season 3 Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the Orphan Black: Season 3 premiere follow... 
UPDATE: Driver fights for life after serious crash: A MAN is fighting for his life tonight after a serious cra... 
AFC Totton win for first time in 13 attempts: Steve Hollick celebrated his appointment as AFC Totton’s permane... 
Road closed after serious crash: A SERIOUS ACCIDENT has closed off a major Hampshire road this afternoon. 
Can you help find owner of this lost dress?: A GOOD SAMARITAN is looking to return this dress to its owner aft... 
Stoke 2-1 Southampton - in pictures: Despite Morgan Scneiderlin drawing first blood at Britannia Stadium, two ... 
PHOTOS: Vote for your Frozen princess!: WE HAVE seen scores of youngsters, adults and pets dressed up to the n... 
Hollick confirmed a new AFC Totton manager: AFC TOTTON have confirmed Steve Hollick as their new manager. 
Rolls Royce destroyed in fire: A ROLLS ROYCE and Lotus were completely destroyed when a fire ripped through a ... 
Teen in court over mugging: A WINCHESTER teenager has been sent to crown court on allegation of a street mugging. 
Charity's bid to beat world record for most people in one spot wearing wedding dresses: Hundreds of women, men... 
Hill won't be afraid to shuffle Eastleigh pack at Lincoln: RICHARD Hill won’t be afraid to shuffle his Eastlei... 
Jimmy Carr heading to Mayflower this Sunday: HE’S been described as the hardest working man in comedy. 
Roccat Tyon Review: This peripheral is ergonomic and efficient—and also has too much going on. 
WATCH: Koeman previews Southampton's trip to Stoke: Watch what Saints manager Ronald Koeman had to say in his ... 
UPDATE: Bank robber was 'wrapped in bandages': A witness appeal has been launched as detectives step up their ... 
The Messengers: Series Premiere Review: For the past couple of seasons, The CW seems to be really trying to fi... 
Major traffic delays in New Forest after lorry hits bridge: Motorists are being warned to expect delays after ... 
Former Eastleigh star jailed for assault and robbery: A former Eastleigh star has been jailed for assault and ... 
Lorry stuck on Southampton bridge causing delays: A LORRY has become stuck on a bridge in Southampton, causing... 
Koeman: Southampton need to win last six for Champions League: Ronald Koeman insists Saints’ Champions League ... 
Lawrie McMenemy supporting Daily Echo's St George's Day campaign: Saints legend Lawrie McMenemy is supporting ... 
1,500 kids fail to secure first choice primary school place: HUNDREDS of children won’t be going to their pare... 
Pennie murder trial jury to resume considering their verdict today: JURORS in the murder trial of mum-of-five ... 
Multi-million pound plans for drive-thru fast food restaurant and coffee shop in doubt: A controversial Hampsh... 
Diaper: We won’t have any momentum: UNDER normal circumstances, Sholing would use their last two games of the ... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Communication Deterioration" Review: New drama arose this week as Penny considered r... 
True Story Review: There are degrees of truth. We all hold back certain details of the stories we tell. Maybe ... 
Former Saints boss Redknapp: I’ve still got plenty to offer: Former Saints manager Harry Redknapp feels he sti... 
Armed robber flees with cash after raiding Hampshire bank: A ROBBER burst into a town bank this afternoon and ... 
Claridge pins colours to Salisbury mast: STEVE Claridge has reassured fans of Salisbury FC that he is relishin... 
Woman found dead in home is named: A WOMAN who died in her Hampshire flat can now be named as 53-year-old Chri... 
Hampshire set to feature in Avengers: Age of Ultron blockbuster: HAMPSHIRE is set to feature in what is expect... 
The Americans: "I Am Abassin Zadran" Review: Martha's troubles continue while the Jennings continue to be unsu... 
Police 'increasingly concerned' for safety of missing Hampshire man: POLICE are growing ‘increasingly concerne... 
Bus services diverted after crash in Southampton: BUS services are being diverted in Southampton after a crash. 
ELECTION 2015: UKIP urges voters to Believe in Britain: UKIP chiefs urged voters to “believe in Britain” as th... 
GOSSIP: Southampton monitoring QPR star: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours making headlines in... 
Convergence: Green Lantern/Parallax #1 Review: This Convergence tie-in flashes back to a formative time in the... 
WATCH: Hampshire winter sports ace performs amazing world first in Italy: SOUTHAMPTON snowboarder Billy Morgan... 
Is the balmy weather we've been having here to stay ?: DIG out your swimming costumes and stock up on sun crea... 
Supernatural: "Book of the Damned" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
The Mark of Cain has be... 
Gang member spared prison - because his family would suffer:  A TOTTON man who was part of a gang who broke in... 
Mum of boy pulled from burning car charged with murder: THE mother of a boy who died after he was pulled from ... 
Arrow: "Broken Arrow" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
We’ve finally reached the point where Arr... 
Convergence #2 Review: The latest chapter of DC's crossover epic focuses on the Batman family as multiple citi... 
Motorway closed after a lorry fire in Hampshire: A LORRY fire has brought a busy Hampshire motorway to a standstill. 
Three rushed to hospital after city crash: AMBULANCE crews rushed three people to hospital after a city centre crash. 
Speed trap causes chaos on a busy Hampshire Road: A POLICE crackdown on speeding motorists on a busy Hampshire... 
Hampshire pensioner has £3,000 stolen in city centre distraction crime: POLICE are on the hunt for these men a... 
Time running out for special experience at Saints game: TIME is running out for Saints fans to take advantage ... 
Looking back: City store that went through many transformations can trace its roots back to the 1870s: HALF a ... 
Locals urged to give blood in Southampton: PEOPLE are being urged to save a life by giving blood in Southampto... 
Hants lose first game of the season: Hampshire have lost their opening LV County Championship match, despite a... 
Protest held outside Southampton based cruise giant: A PROTEST was held outside the headquarters of a Southamp... 
Koeman urges Saints to stay focused on Stoke game: Ronald Koeman has urged Saints to stay focused on this week... 
Hampshire jobs could be at risk after firm enters administration: HAMPSHIRE jobs could be at risk after a majo... 
Teen arrested after member of public finds 12-INCH KNIFE in Hampshire play park: THIS is the 12-inch knife han... 
Salver field strongest in event’s history: The fortieth staging of the Selborne Salver will bring to Blackmoor... 
iZombie: "Flight of the Living Dead" Review: Liv's latest case takes her into the world of extreme sports and ... 
'Ill-conceived' plan by 'ill-equipped' people was meant to scare Pennie - not kill her, court told: THE former... 
Justified: Series Finale Review: Justified ends just as it began: strong and compelling. Now it's complete. 
Driver sentenced after crashing coach into Southampton school gates while FOUR times the drink-drive limit: A ... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: It's that time again. The Flash crossed paths with Arrow tonight as Ra... 
Cherries move closer to a top-two finish: Championship leaders Bournemouth took another step towards a top-two... 
GTA 5 PC Review in Progress: 
This is exciting: So far, the PC version of GTA 5 is almost everything I could p... 
Two people rushed to hospital after bike crash in Southampton: A MAN and a woman have been rushed to hospital ... 
Batman vs. Robin Review: The followup to last year’s Son of Batman has come, and from the looks of the title -... 
GOSSIP: Manchester United plan swap deal for Southampton's Clyne: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer ru... 
ELECTION 2015: Tory heavyweight in Hampshire to back candidate: CONSERVATIVE heavyweight Iain Duncan-Smith dro... 
Hampshire UKIP candidate will not face action over alleged sausage roll 'bribe': A UKIP parliamentary candidat... 
Hampshire v Sussex (day 3): Updates from The Ageas Bowl, where Hampshire are playing Sussex their first LV Cou... 
Hampshire woman's stress-relief techniques 'help people with severe illnesses': A HAMPSHIRE woman has discover... 
Tributes paid to Spitfire pilot who died after hit-and-run crash: “HE was a modest hero who was an inspiration... 
We March On! Saints hits the ocean floor to show depth of support: One man who is backing them to cross the Ch... 
ELECTION 2015: Labour bid to get tough on legal highs: LABOUR’S manifesto pledged to get tough with so–called ... 
Bertrand desperate for more international action: RYAN Bertrand is desperate for more international action aft... 
VIDEO: See Southampton as never before as part of ambitious new Titanic video game: A NEW game about the voyag... 
Man drowned after waders filled with water when he fell in water on holiday in Florida: A HAMPSHIRE man died i... 
Turn: Washington's Spies - Season 2 Premiere Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
TURN is back ... 
Title form comes too late for City: WINCHESTER City’s 3-0 win over Totton &amp; Eling made it 11 games unbeaten fo... 
Gotham:  “Beasts of Prey” Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Gotham's back from its mont... 
Petersfield crowned Sydenhams champions: PETERSFIELD Town have been crowned 2014/15 Sydenhams Premier Division... 
Pothas back at The Ageas Bowl - with Sussex: AS if to run salt into Hampshire’s wounds, Sussex centurion Ben B... 
ELECTION 2015: Can Reds trump blues two days in a row?: The Daily Echo's parliamentary correspondent Rob Merri... 
Mad Men: "New Business" Review: Megan and her family took the spotlight, while Don's interest in Diana continued. 
Rush hour delays due to broken down vehicle: DRIVERS are facing rush hour chaos tonight after a vehicle broke ... 
Champions Gulf Western on hunt for new manager: Drew Smith Southampton Senior 1’s newly crowned champions AFC ... 
Police release image of flasher who exposed himself to Hampshire teen: POLICE have released an e-fit image of ... 
Hamble Club edge closer to county top-flight title: Hamble Club have edged closer to the Hampshire Premier Lea... 
Hatred and fear drove accused's 'evil' plot to kill Pennie - court told: HATRED, fear and a cocktail of emotio... 
Titan Souls Review: With no more than a bow and a single arrow, Titan Souls’ nameless child protagonist is a p... 
Hampshire pensioner died after fall from bed, inquest told: A HAMPSHIRE pensioner died after fracturing her pe... 
Portsmouth sack manager Andy Awford: Portsmouth have this morning sacked manager Andy Awford. 
Former Hampshire Spitfire pilot loses battle for life after hit-and-run incident: FORMER Spitfire pilot Doug G... 
Man rescued from house blaze in Southampton: A MAN was rescued from a burning house in Southampton. 
Rose hails 'awesome' Spieth but rues front-nine errors: JUSTIN Rose was left to rue two mistakes on the front ... 
New row at Southampton hospital after patient on drip left sleeping on chairs for five hours due to bed shorta... 
Once Upon a Time: "Heart of Gold" Review: Emma and the Charmings search for the Author while a flashback shows... 
UKIP candidate potential victim of £200m jewel heist in London: A PARLIAMENTARY candidate who is being investi... 
Veep: Season 4 Premiere Review: Julia Louis-Dreyfus returns as POTUS in the Season 4 premiere of HBO's Veep. 
Killer flees to Southampton after being freed from prison after manslaughter of Bond-girl wife: HE served five... 
Review: Part 2 of This Week’s Last Man on Earth: Full spoilers follow.
This is the second episode of The Last ... 
Dani King makes winning return to road racing: DANI King’s cycling comeback ended in victory with a stage win ... 
Controversial development could 'destory historic Hampshire gateway': RESIDENTS have warned planning chiefs th... 
Alderweireld focused on last six games: Toby Alderweireld is ignoring the background noise about his future, s... 
Hampshire beauty spot to hold countryside day: MOTTISFONT Abbey is hosting a Countryside Day next month. 
'Pretty crude' plans to improve Hampshire home thrown out by council: A HOME improvement scheme was thrown out... 
Man remanded in custody after admitting assaults on ex-girlfriend: A SOUTHAMPTON man was further remanded in c... 
Rose surges into masters contention: Hampshire's Justin Rose produced the piece of Masters magic he had been l... 
Pride and prizes for Hampshire children who won Daily Echo Draw Your Mum competition: IT was a surprise pictur... 
New book sheds light on Southampton's history: SO far 2015 has been a vintage year for local people interested... 
Campaigners urge youngsters to take up fight against air pollution in Southampton after biomass plans collapse... 
Speed limit for lorries raised - but will it be a disaster for Hampshire motorists?: IT is the sight no motori... 
Spitfires close on play-off positions after delayed win: EASTLEIGH will travel to Halifax on Tuesday knowing a... 
Two Britannias together as newcoin launched on Southampton ship: SHE has been the iconic figure that represent... 
Southampton 2-0 Hull: Koeman 'didn't recognise' Saints side: Ronald Koeman was relieved to see Saints get a wi... 
Top Government minister in Southampton to support Conservative candidate: RESIDENTS in Southampton got the opp... 
Eastleigh match delayed: KICK-off at today's match between Eastleigh and Alfreton Town has been delayed by 30 ... 
ELECTION 2015: Candidates lay out pledges at Southampton hustings: CANDIDATES in Hampshire spelled out their p... 
Ex-postman sentenced after flashing charity worker in Southampton: A FORMER postman exposed himself to a chari... 
Wheal could make Hants debut as pair are ruled out: HAMPSHIRE are without Jackson Bird AND Andre Adams for the... 
Plans for giant power plant at Hampshire beauty spot rejected: PLANS to build a 40,000 sq ft power plant at a ... 
Tributes paid to ex-Saint and local football legend dies aged 85: FOR 60 years he was one of Southampton’s bes... 
Campaigners trying to save Southampton pub from becoming a McDonald's face anxious wait: CAMPAIGNERS are waiti... 
Southampton barman assaulted by drunken thug hails attacker's jail sentence as 'justice': A BARMAN whose hand ... 
Woman's body 'eaten by her own dogs': A HAMPSHIRE woman was eaten by her own dogs after her dead body lay undi... 
Razer Blade (2015) Review: PC gamers are a demanding bunch. We want our platform to be quiet, powerful, and go... 
Lost River Review: Eva Mendes, Matt Smith, Christina Hendricks, and Saoirse Ronan star in Ryan Gosling's medio... 
Kill Me Three Times Review: Straight up, the idea of Simon Pegg as a ruthless mercenary who gets caught in the... 
New signings injured for Hants opener: Hampshire are without Jackson Bird AND Andre Adams for their opening LV... 
Titanic tales: YOUNGSTERS can learn about life on board the Titanic at a Southampton museum tomorrow. 
Daredevil: Episode 6 Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
See All of IGN's Daredevil: Seas... 
Hunt for source of pong goes on: ENVIRONMENT bosses have categorically ruled out a landfill site as the source... 
Hampshire drivers warned ahead of motorway closures: MOTORISTS have been warned ahead of overnight closures on... 
Campaigners protesting adoption laws in Southampton: ANGRY families are staging a demonstration in Southampton... 
Koeman hopes Southampton will hold on to Schneiderlin and Clyne: RONALD Koeman admits it will be difficult for... 
Daredevil: Episode 5 Review: In Daredevil's fifth episode, Foggy and Karen take on a new client while Fisk dev... 
Sausage roll row involving Southampton UKIP candidate sparks police probe: A UKIP parliamentary candidate stan... 
Funeral directors await their fate for conning grieving loved ones out of £23,000: A COUPLE will today discove... 
Spitfires boss looking for improved results: RICHARD Hill is not necessarily asking for a better home performa... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Fortification Implementation" Review: The show welcomed two celebrity guest stars th... 
SMOG ALERT: Potentially deadly Saraha dust cloud swarms across Hampshire: A POTENTIALLY deadly combination of ... 
More than Texas or Saudi Arabia? Hampshire is sitting on a goldmine as 100 billion barrels of oil lies beneath... 
UKIP candidate apologises after HIV tweet: UKIP’s candidate in Eastleigh has apologised after mistakenly sayin... 
PHOTO GALLERY: Junior wardens take part in mass litter pick up across Southampton: SOUTHAMPTON'S junior warden... 
Justin Rose makes flying Masters start: All eyes were on Rory McIlroy as he began his bid to complete the care... 
ELECTION 2015: Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg visits Hampshire: LIBERAL Democrat leader Nick Clegg said hi... 
JAILED: Benefits cheat sobs as judge hands jail term - for fleecing taxpayer of £100,000: A BENEFITS cheat who... 
Koeman expects difficult Hull test: SAINTS boss Ronald Koeman has challenged his players to improve their Euro... 
The Comedians: Series Premiere Review: Over the years FX has become known for quirky, off-beat comedies with a... 
Plans for 230 homes on Hampshire hospital site set for green light: SENIOR councillors look set to give the gr... 
Southampton Under-21s final date confirmed: Saints Under-21s will face Blackburn Rovers in the second leg of t... 
Southampton couple raise thousands of pounds for charity in memory of son: A SOUTHAMPTON couple have raised th... 
Health warning issued as Hampshire braces itself for toxic smog: HAMPSHIRE is bracing itself as a cloud of tox... 
GALLERY &amp; WIN: Frozen Idol - even pets are entering the competition: THEY have fast become some of the most fa... 
Billions of barrels of oil 'could be buried beneath the south': BILLIONS of barrels of oil could be buried ben... 
Matt Le Tiss a big hit down under after Saints megafan's birthday surprise: HE IS the Saints footballing legen... 
Police step up hunt for raiders of Ebb and Flow bar in Southampton: POLICE are stepping up the hunt for burgla... 
Distraught pensioner "lucky to be alive" after car ploughs into his home: A SHOCKED pensioner who narrowly mis... 
REVEALED: Inquest unearths secret history that lies beneath our feet: THE DEPTH of hidden history that lies be... 
Tributes pour in for missing man Kieran Smith, known as "Jibba", after his body is found: TRIBUTES have poured... 
Neverwinter Xbox One Review: Console MMORPGs are apparently tricky affairs: regardless of how much effort deve... 
Deadpool #250 Review: Marvel's final issue of Deadpool promises to kill off the Merc With a Mouth. Does this c... 
Hants to decide on Adams and Bird fitness: Hampshire will decide on the fitness of Andre Adams and Jackson Bir... 
RBI Baseball 15 Review: Every Major League Baseball team starts the season with the same record, but it doesn'... 
Southampton Airport passengers face a second day of disruption as French air traffic strikes continue: PASSENG... 
Healthy walk set for Southampton: ANYONE looking to get healthy can take part in a two-mile walk in Southampto... 
Eastleigh rivals lose former Saints boss Paul Sturrock after just four days: Eastleigh's Vanarama Conference r... 
Grants of £4,000 secured for Hampshire youngsters: YOUNGSTERS have ensured more than £4,000 of funding for com... 
Schools given £10,000 for 'Magna Carta Mardi Gras' celebration: SCHOOLS have been awarded nearly £10,000 towar... 
Hampshire highway chiefs to debate lowering 40mph speed limit: HIGHWAY chiefs are deciding whether to lower th... 
Road closed as police swoop on Hampshire street: POLICE have descended on a Hampshire street this morning to d... 
Delays after crash on major Southampton road: MOTORISTS face rush hour delays this morning after a crash on a ... 
Man arrested after 10-mile high-speed chase through Hampshire: A MAN has been arrested after being chased by p... 
Father took out loan to pay for his severely-disabled daughter's welfare bills - despite not receiving care fo... 
Southampton Solent University score netball one-two at festival: Solent score a festival one-two Southampton S... 
Person of Interest: "Search and Destroy" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Despite the ... 
Probe launched over claims staff performed sex act in council offices: A SEX probe has been launched by a Hamp... 
Marvel's Agents of SHIELD: "Afterlife" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
A lot continues to ... 
Team Solent wrap up Sydenhams One title: TRIUMPHANT Team Solent wrapped up the Sydenhams Division One title wi... 
Coles grabs wicket on Ageas Bowl return: Former Hampshire star Matt Coles took a wicket on his Ageas Bowl retu... 
Powers: "You Are Not It" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
PSN's Powers continues to su... 
Air traffic strike cancels Southampton Airport flights to and from France: SOUTHAMPTON airport passengers flyi... 
Salisbury back in business: SALISBURY Football Club have returned to their Raymond McEnhill Stadium home. 
Hampshire's Sam Davies finally leads her team to the finish-line of the latest Volvo Ocean Race stage: It was ... 
1,000 enjoy festival of rugby and ale to raise money: HUNDREDS of fun-loving rugby fans flocked to a jam-packe... 
Council leader told off for litter picking: WHAT was meant to be a way of helping to clear up the verges of a ... 
GOSSIP: Euro giants' interest in Southampton star: TWO European giants are said to be chasing one of the shini... 
Flasher targets teenager in Hampshire: POLICE are hunting a man who indecently exposed himself to a teenager. 
Ex-Saint Puncheon 'hit by sweet' thrown from crowd: FORMER Southampton winger Jason Puncheon was hit by a swee... 
£40m student flats plan for key site in Southampton: TODAY is decision day for £40m plans to create hundreds o... 
Totton &amp; Eling off the bottom: TOTTON &amp; Eling have done it at last! 
Hospital cleaning 'to be done by private company': HAMPSHIRE health bosses have revealed plans to outsource cl... 
Better Call Saul: 'Marco' Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follows...
As the volume on Deep Purp... 
‘Disgusted’ clubs ban fans after post-match trouble: AROUND a dozen fans have been banned from a Hampshire foo... 
Baptism of fire for England skipper Weatherley: Hampshire prospect Joe Weatherley faced an uncomfortable spell... 
Southampton's legendary Bill Ellerington dies aged 91: A FORMER Saints and England footballer - long considere... 
Fire at popular Southampton bar: FIREFIGHTERS were called to a Southampton bar after reports of a fire in an u... 
Mum set to take on North Pole Marathon: IT IS the coldest marathon in the world. 
Rodgers denies Liverpool are mental weak: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists his side are not mentally ... 
Hampshire star dreams of role on The Archers: BRITAIN'S Got Talent judge Amanda Holden has revealed her ultima... 
UPDATE: Manhunt under way after betting shop robbed twice in a month: A MANHUNT is under way after a betting s... 
Everton 1-0 Southampton: The Verdict: Consistency. 
Easter sunshine brings holiday cheer to Hampshire: Hampshire residents can end their Easter break on a high as... 
Grandmother abseils down Hampshire's tallest building for charity: MARY Tampion is not your average grandmothe... 
Fire crews called to city skip fire: FIREFIGHTERS were called after a skip was set alight in a city centre road. 
Missing Hampshire pensioner found safe and well: AN ELDERLY man who vanished from his Hampshire home has been ... 
Horse lovers angry over 'dangerous race track': HUNDREDS of horse lovers have charged into battle with nationa... 
Mad Men: Final Season Premiere Review: Note Full spoilers for the Mad Men midseason premiere follow. 
Mad Men’... 
School funding cuts 'damage pupils' eduction': Severe funding cuts to schools and colleges would damage pupils... 
The Walking Dead: Season 5 Review: Cannibals, cowards, and cookie-cutter homes helped The Walking Dead deliver... 
Superior Saints did not create enough - Fonte: Jose Fonte insisted Saints were far better than Everton – but a... 
'Lifeline' jobs lost due to council cuts: TWENTY lifeline jobs for the elderly have been lost because of cuts ... 
Teen flown to hospital after 'medical episode': A TEENAGER was today flown to hospital by air ambulance after ... 
Saints youngster's England call-up likely: James Ward-Prowse is likely to be called up to the full England squ... 
Councillors to debate homes plan: PLANS to build 40 homes on the site of a former school building will go befo... 
Mystery Easter bunny leaves eggs outside every home in village: DELIGHTED villagers awoke to find the Easter B... 
Otterbourne up to third with 6-0 win: OTTERBOURNE were the biggest winners in the Puma Engineering Hampshire P... 
Late night assault leaves man in hospital: A MAN is in hospital with a serious head injury after being assault... 
Southampton piercing parlours hit out at new mutilation laws: KAT Sikorsa thought she had seen most things, th... 
Workers make amazing discovery while improving Hampshire town marketplace: WORKERS have unwittingly discovered... 
Hampshire council to play waiting game over £165m development: WINCHESTER civic chiefs have shown that they wi... 
Outlander: Midseason Premiere Review: Jamie rescues Claire from Black Jack Randall, and the fallout causes dra... 
Health chiefs press ahead with plans for £150m Hampshire hospital: HEALTH chiefs are preparing to submit plans... 
Play-off setback for Eastleigh: EASTLEIGH were left to rue one costly error as their play-off bid faltered wit... 
Netley blow county second tier title race wide open: Netley Central Sports blew the Hampshire Premier League D... 
Masked robber escapes with £1,500 from betting shop raid: A MASKED robber escaped with more than £1,500 cash a... 
VIDEO: Election trail hits Hampshire as former Lib Dem leader comes to town: FORMER Liberal Democrat leader Pa... 
Clubbers furious after rap star late for Southampton gig: FURIOUS fans of Tinie Tempah say they were left wait... 
Hampshire shop shut after early morning 'ram-raid' drama: A CONVENIENCE store is shut this morning after an ap... 
Saints star shows off matching Ferraris for dad and daughter: SAINTS star Ryan Bertrand has taken to social me... 
Developers angry after plans for Hampshire solar farm stall: A SCHEME for a solar farm in the Test Valley coun... 
Martinez hails Saints as 'revelation of the season': Everton manager Roberto Martinez has hailed Saints as “th... 
No further action against Hampshire church rector at centre of sex inquiry: NO further action is to be taken b... 
Israel conference organiser hits out at Southampton university after cancellation: AN organiser of a controver... 
12 Monkeys: "Paradox" Review: With Cole's life hanging in the balance, Cassie seeks help from an unexpected source. 
GOSSIP: Pelle linked with move out of Southampton, Kante with move in: The Daily Echo brings you a round-up of... 
Tributes paid to Hampshire councillors standing down in May: TRIBUTES have been paid to four Winchester city c... 
Tributes paid to Southampton dad killed in M27 crash: TRIBUTES have been paid to a Southampton dad who was kil... 
Spamalot set to take Southampton by storm: MONTY PYTHON’S Spamalot will be unleashed on Southampton next week! 
Hampshire business founded by ex-Saints chairman in £46m takeover: ONE of Hampshire’s major businesses has bee... 
Hampshire theatre warns against bogus calls scam: A WINCHESTER theatre is warning people of a scam after a bog... 
Firefighters rescue pig from swimming pool: FIREFIGHTERS were called to rescue a pig from a swimming pool. 
Totton &amp; Eling desperate for ex-Saint Jo to feature in Easter derby clash: SYDENHAMS Premier basement boys Tot... 
ELECTION 2015: Officials deem Beer, Baccy and Crumpet party too "offensive": IT WAS a name that stood out on t... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Skywalker Incursion" Review: This week's episode managed to spoof Star Wars, Game of... 
Disabled woman left unconscious by burglar - and then fire breaks out in her own home: A DISABLED woman was at... 
Xenoblade Chronicles 3D Review: Xenoblade Chronicles 3D shrinks an epic RPG into a nifty portable form. 
Rodriguez set to step up Southampton training next week: Jay Rodriguez could start some work with the first-te... 
Last Knights Review: Prior to Game of Thrones, medieval action-adventure movies didn't get much play on the bi... 
Police hunt driver after hit and run crash with motorbike: POLICE are hunting a road rage driver after a motor... 
Centuries for Vince and Carberry: THERE were centuries for Michael Carberry and James Vince on the opening day... 
Atletico 'counting on' Alderweireld for next season: Atletico Madrid's sporting director has said the club are... 
Council's £12.8m on consultants - while cutting staff numbers: HAMPSHIRE County Council is spending millions o... 
Visitor's centre protected for another three years: THE future of a popular visitor centre has been protected ... 
PHOTOS: Wild and extravant designs on show at hair and beauty competition: STUDENTS at a Hampshire college sho... 
Eastleigh manager Richard Hill slapped with two match ban: Eastleigh manager Richard Hill will be watching the... 
Convergence #0 Review: DC kicks off its latest event with a look at what Brainiac has in store for the multive... 
Mugger knocked 87-year-old to the ground as he took her bag: A MUGGER wrenched a handbag from an elderly woman... 
Festival for those living with dementia: A NEW festival is being launched in Chichester to encourage people li... 
'No rush' over new plans for £165m city centre development: WINCHESTER civic chiefs united last night to show ... 
Uncanny Avengers #3 Review: For all its strengths, this series doesn't read like much of an Avengers comic. Th... 
Teachers don posh frocks for Strictly Come Dancing-style dance-off: TEACHERS swapped marking for moving as the... 
Saints keeper Kelvin chases post-war record: Kelvin Davis is on course to join an exclusive Saints club this s... 
Major trade boost for flagging market thanks to £40,000 revamp: A £40,000 revamp of a market is under way in a... 
Golf club to make way for 1,400 new homes - just short of its 25th anniversary: A HAMPSHIRE golf course looks ... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Arrow?: What did you think of tonight's episode, as the entire city turned aga... 
Final Fantasy: Record Keeper Review: It’s been over 20 years since I first encountered Final Fantasy IV’s Mist... 
Firefighters tackle a blaze at a city home: FIREFIGHTERS were tonight tackling a blaze in a Southampton home. 
Avengers: Rage of Ultron Review: The latest original graphic novel from Marvel Comics -- Avengers: Rage of Ult... 
Fire crews tackle major house blaze: FIRE crews from across Hampshire are dealing with a major thatch blaze. 
Koeman nominated for manager of the month - again!: Ronald Koeman could be set for a hat-trick of Premier Leag... 
Red Funnel ferry left stranded in the Solent: A FERRY was left stranded in the Solent when one of its pipes wa... 
Brothers admit attacking Southampton student: TWO brothers, who have admitted attacking a student outside Itch... 
Staff deliver on 1,000 Easter eggs pledge: MORE than 1,000 youngsters in Hampshire are in for a treat this Eas... 
Veteran politician hits the campaign trail in Hampshire to back Lib Dem candidate: VETERAN politician Shirley... 
Women dare to bare to boost confidence: WINCHESTER women are daring to bare as part of a new range of workshop... 
Charity shop accidentally sells £1,500 bracelet for just £1.99: A PIECE of jewellery worth £1,500 was accident... 
300 firms expected for Ocean Business in Southampton: MORE than 300 firms are expected at one of the south’s l... 
Saints legend Benali hits out at Hodgson's use of Ryan Bertrand: SAINTS legend Francis Benali hit out at Roy H... 
Global water shortages come into focus: A MULTI-MILLION-pound Southampton University research project is aimin... 
Lorry stuck on residential street: HAMPSHIRE residents are struggling to leave their homes this morning after ... 
Southampton striker Graziano Pelle continues great start to international career: SAINTS striker Graziano Pell... 
Overrunning roadworks cause delays on motorways: COMMUTERS face lengthy delays on a Hampshire motorway this morning. 
Drivers waste 80 HOURS stuck in traffic on Southampton's roads: FED up drivers are spending an extra 80 hours ... 
Justified: "Fugitive Number One" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode below.
Of all the friggin' things... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: Tonight the Flash featured one of its most memorable guest stars yet a... 
Veteran ex-Saints striker, 43, hits stunning first half hat-trick: JO Tessem rolled back the years to plunder ... 
Townsend leveller denies Saints striker Pelle international friendly winner: ANDROS Townsend equalised late on... 
Bates Motel: "Unbreak-Able" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
A bit of a muddled chapte... 
Hunt for road rage motorist who repeatedly slammed door on BMW driver's wrist: DETECTIVES are hunting a motori... 
Title chasing Hamble Club have the opportunity to atone for Otterbourne defeat: Hampshire Premier League Senio... 
ELECTION 2015: Parties begin to battle for Number 10: PUBLIC spending and business took centre stage yesterday... 
Shakespearian Henry V walk through Old Southampton: MOMENTS from one of Shakespeare’s classic plays will be re... 
The Returned: "Victor" Review: The fourth episode took us 29 years into the past to Victor's death. 
Hants put Isle of Wight return on hold: Hampshire Cricket have decided not to play a one-day game on the Isle ... 
Police hunt jewel thieves: POLICE are hunting burglars who got away with jewellery after breaking into a house... 
Walker leading charge on Volvo Ocean Race: The leaders in the Volvo Ocean Race have now rounded the Cape Horn ... 
Extra post office hours: A REFURBISHED post office is now open for an extra 65 hours a week. 
Baby saved from choking thanks to advert: A TV advert featuring the voices of David Walliams, David Mitchell a... 
It's Supergran! Meet the 80-year-old who is taking on the London Marathon: WHILE some grandmas spend their ret... 
Bland confident a win will come: Richard Bland might have been disappointed to see a chance to secure a first ... 
HIT AND RUN: Spitfire pilot and war hero seriously ill after being struck by a car that failed to stop: A 92-y... 
Better Call Saul: "Pimento" Review: Warning: full spoilers for the episode follow...
I can’t say I’m surprised... 
Weird Loners: Series Premiere Review: FOX's new comedy series Weird Loners delivers mild entertainment and not... 
Two in hospital after tug boat drama: EMERGENCY services searched the Solent for two men after a tugboat capsized. 
Saints midfielder James Ward-Prowse is England hero: Saints midfielder James Ward-Prowse ruined Philipp Hofman... 
Brok ace Liz Young scores best result of season: Brokenhurst Manor’s Liz Young recorded her best result of the... 
Michael Bates signs for Wiltshire: Former Hampshire star Michael Bates will be playing in the Minor Counties C... 
Assistant stole £8,300 from safe at campsite: AN assistant at a New Forest campsite looted the safe of his emp... 
Long: Ireland can reach Euro 2016: Saints striker Shane Long is convinced qualification for the Euro 2016 fina... 
Have you got what it takes to be the next X Factor star?: DO YOU have what it takes to conquer the globe like ... 
Review: Part 2 of This Week’s Last Man on Earth: Full spoilers follow.
This is the second episode of The Last ... 
Hunt to find thugs who broke a man's jaw, threw bottles and threatened the public in city nightlife spot: A MA... 
Ward-Prowse set for England U21 action: James Ward-Prowse is set to be in action for the England Under-21 team... 
CCTV image issued in hunt for gun gesture attacker who assaulted disabled woman: POLICE have released this CCT... 
Do you have what it takes to be Elsa or Anna in our Frozen Idol?: IT IS the highest-grossing animated film of ... 
The Walking Dead: Season 5 Finale Review: In Walking Dead's Season 5 finale, the town meets to decide Rick's f... 
£3.7m overhaul of tatty Southampton council homes unveiled: A MULTI-MILLION-pound project to overhaul tatty co... 
GOSSIP: Southampton set sights on new keeper: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appearing in t... 
Police probe launched after man fights for life having been run over in driveway: POLICE are today investigati... 
REVEALED: The worst places for yobbish behaviour: THE WORST places to live and work when it comes to antisocia... 
Southampton skipper Jose Fonte earns Euro 2016 qualifying bragging rights over two club colleagues: Jose Fonte... 
Young Saints trio all complete 90 minutes as England U20s beat America: THE three Saints players in the Englan... 
Barn completely destroyed by blaze: A BARN was completely gutted by flames when a blaze tore through it today.... 
Michael Clarke dedicates World Cup win to ex-Hampshire star Philip Hughes: Australia captain Michael Clarke de... 
‘Port line-up’ for Bestival Summer of Love: BESTIVAL has unveiled its “Port line-up” – a standout attraction t... 
'Heavy blow' as likely £4m cost scuppers building plans for St Joseph's: A project to extend a Hampshire churc... 
Celebrity backing for our historic assets: AWARD-winning broadcaster Dan Snow is championing a new campaign by... 
Meet deaf dog Pinkie who can only communicate with people by holding their hand.: Crossbreed Pinkie is looking... 
'Defence cuts won't put British security at risk' - says David Cameron as he rejects Hampshie MP protest over ... 
A tale of two cities – how Winchester ‘escaped’ becoming England’s capital: THERE was once a time when Winches... 
Ex-church minister dies after battling ill health for years: A FORMER minister of a Southampton city centre ch... 
Black Sails: Season 2 Finale Review: In Black Sails' explosive Season 2 finale, Flint faces judgement at the h... 
Southampton's experts are defended after criticism from parents of brain tumour survivor Ashya King: Two mums ... 
Southampton to reveal first profit since administration: Saints are set to report a profit for the first time ... 
Bentley nets hat-trick as Winchester City hit six again: Warren Bentley notched a hat-trick as title outsiders... 
Police probe ends after baby abuse claims in Asda store: POLICE have closed an investigation into a baby being... 
The festival Ram Navami celebrated in Southampton: Hampshire's Hindu community united for one of the faith's m... 
Crackdown on crime in rural beauty spots: POLICE are cracking down on crime in Hampshire’s beauty spots after ... 
TOWIE stars in Hampshire shopping centre with pop-up shop: TWO stars from TV show The Only Way Is Essex will b... 
Girl Meets World: Season Finale Review: Girl Meets World's season finale was good but somewhat anticlimactic. 
Grieving girlfriend offers reward in bid to trace dead police officer boyfriend’s stolen gift: A GRIEVING woma... 
Hundreds defend Hampshire university over controversial Israel conference: HUNDREDS of academics have defended... 
Southampton to host big bash for veterans to mark VE Day anniversary: We want you! 
Community rallies around paralysed girl, 11, after charity money stolen: A HAMPSHIRE community is rallying rou... 
World number one Simon Roberts wins touchtennis event in Southampton: World number one Simon Roberts triumphed... 
Murder plot accused's family 'destroyed' over killing of Pennie, court told: THE man accused of plotting to ki... 
Hampshire sailor fights back after 'death roll' drama: Hampshire sailor Sam Davies admits the last few days on... 
12 Monkeys: "Shonin" Review: The story of what happened in 1987 was revealed. 
While We're Young Review: After exposing the oasis of middle age benchmarks such as marriage and measures of s... 
Saints ace Targett wins on England debut: Matt Targett made his England under-21 debut as Gareth Southgate’s t... 
Hants name strong squad for Surrey friendly: Hampshire are set to hand a home ‘debut’ to Gareth Berg in the tw... 
Yoshida helps Japan to victory: Saints defender Maya Yoshida played the full game as Japan beat Tunisia 2-0 in... 
Accused denies making up child abuse claims in Pennie murder trial: THE MAN accused of conspiring to kill his ... 
Hundreds helped out by Daily Echo Jobs Fair: HUNDREDS of hopeful job seekers made their way to a Southampton h... 
Final farewells to D-Day veteran Reg: DOZENS of people said a final farewell to a Hampshire D-Day veteran. 
Eleven-hour round trip for Spitfires: In the time it will take Eastleigh to make the longest away trip in thei... 
Blur to headline Isle of Wight Festival 2015: BLUR have been announced for the Isle of Wight Festival. 
Snoop Dogg WILL be coming to Southampton: HIP-hop legend Snoop Dogg will be appearing in Southampton - a month... 
M27 CRASH: 'Disaster response plans needed' in wake of major crash: MOTORISTS and business chiefs are being ur... 
Caretaker boss Hollick set to take charge for first game: CARETAKER boss Steve Hollick admits it will be a str... 
Pillars of Eternity Review: Obsidian (and its Kickstarter backers) have done it: this is one of the best RPGs ... 
Hampshire cities among 'most unaffordable' in the UK: TWO Hampshire cities are among the most unaffordable in ... 
Nine rowers rescued after capsizing in Southampton river: A RESCUE operation was launched to help nine rowers ... 
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia: Season 10 Review: Warning: Spoilers for Season 10 of Always Sunny follow...... 
Could Hampshire drivers hold vital clues in hunt for killer?: HAMPSHIRE drivers could hold vital clues in the ... 
Body found in Southampton street: A BODY has been discovered on an industrial estate in Southampton today. 
Sims stars in England U18 win: Saints winger Josh Sims played the first 81 minutes of England Under-18s 1-0 wi... 
Government hands out millions of pounds to Hampshire schools and cathedral: MILLIONS of pounds were handed out... 
Twenty-four-hour recital of holy scripture marks Hindu festival Epic message for followers: CELEBRATIONS for a... 
WATCH: Seven of the funniest Ronald Koeman press conference moments: Ronald Koeman doesn't have a press confer... 
Conspiracy to murder accused Ben Carr tells jurors a plan to scare Pennie Davis had 'gone wrong': THE man accu... 
Cash boost for vulnerable young job seekers: VULNERABLE young people will gain extra support to gain employmen... 
Huge lorry fire closes major Hampshire motorway: A HUGE lorry fire has closed a major Hampshire motorway. 
Graphic Novel Review: Avengers &amp; X-Men - AXIS: By all rights, Avengers &amp; X-Men: AXIS should have been a home r... 
City chefs among those bidding for sandwich stardom by making UK's best sarnie: A head-to-head battle will pit... 
REVEALED: Probe into rape claim school trustees could be reopened: AN investigation into the conduct of truste... 
Mystery surrounds the death of a badly injured baby with 'blunt force' injuries: EXACTLY how a six-week-old ba... 
Arrow: "Suicidal Tendencies" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
Despite the fact that I’ve tended ... 
Get Hard Review: Get Hard might be the stupidest, most immature movie to come out in 2015 thus far, but that d... 
Winners celebrate at Hampshire and Isle of Wight Sports Awards: Southampton rowing star James Foad took Senior... 
Blu Studio Energy Review: The Blu Studio Energy boasts incredible battery life, but sluggish performance tanks... 
Fraser Forster ruled out for the season: Fraser Forster is out for the season – and possibly as long as a year... 
Fraser Forster ruled out for the season: Fraser Forster is out for the season – and possibly as long as a year... 
Dead Rising: Watchtower Review: Turning a video game into a live-action movie remains one of Hollywood’s most ... 
Drink and drug driver who killed 10-year-old girl loses sentence appeal: A DRIVER jailed for killing a ten-yea... 
Overturned lorry causing traffic chaos on busy Hampshire motorway: A LORRY has overturned on a major Hampshire... 
Men 'should take paternity leave' to reduce sexual discrimination against women: MORE men in Hampshire are urg... 
KP signs for Surrey: Surrey have announced the signing of Kevin Pietersen on a contract that will see the play... 
Pennie Davis murder trial: defence begins - live: The defence case for Ben Carr has started, with Carr taking ... 
Golf course sold: A POPULAR Hampshire golf course has been sold. 
Drink driver crashes his car into fuel tanker: A DRINK driver was caught after crashing into a petrol tanker, ... 
Hampshire MPs warn benefit sanctions cause ‘financial hardship’: BENEFIT sanctions are causing “severe financi... 
Justified: "Trust" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode below.
Wow. I'm gonna have to eat some crow on ... 
Millers rekindle hopes with five-goal victory: TOTTON &amp; Eling will have fellow strugglers Christchurch and Far... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: After last week's hugely eventful episode, The Flash returned to explo... 
Lottery funding for world's first iron battleship berthed in Hampshire port: The world's first iron-hulled, ar... 
Firefighters free Hampshire woman locked in bathroom for two hours: HAMPSHIRE firefighters rescued a woman tra... 
Powers: "Paint it Black" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Powers unleashed its most ac... 
Southampton graduate drowned in Great Barrier Reef scuba tragedy: A SOUTHAMPTON graduate has died after drowni... 
Life is Strange: Episode 2 Review: The ending of Life is Strange: Episode 2 - Out of Time took the wind out of... 
Murder accused appears in court: A MAN has appeared before a Southampton court charged with murder. 
The Late Late Show with James Corden: Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the James Corden premiere f... 
WATCH: Elia takes on Koeman at 'football table tennis': Saints winger Eljero Elia has been taking on manager R... 
Pennie Davis trial adjourned for the day again: THE murder trial of Pennie Davis has been adjourned for another day. 
Driver cut free after four car crash on motorway: EMERGENCY services are on the scene of a four vehicle crash ... 
Man charged with murder after body found in Southampton: Officers investigating the death of 32-year-old Nick ... 
Community: "Basic Crisis Room Decorum" Review: Greendale's feud with City College leads Annie to have new doubts. 
PHOTOS: Eastleigh 10k 2015 - full results: The 2015 Eastleigh 10k road race took place over the weekend - here... 
Serious crash shuts road: A serious crash has shut a busy Southampton road this morning. 
Community 'living in fear' after man stabbed to death in street - just weeks after another knife attack: A COM... 
Borderlands: The Handsome Collection Review: Sitting down to tear into Borderlands: The Handsome Collection, I... 
Bloodborne Review in Progress: 
As the crumpled corpse of one of Bloodborne’s hulking boss monstrosities disin... 
Vet experts call for urgent research into disease that's been killing Hampshire dogs: Further research is need... 
Teenage hospital patient rescued from roof in Southampton: A TEENAGE hospital patient had to be rescued after ... 
Eastleigh 10k 2015 - full results: The 2015 Eastleigh 10k road race took place over the weekend - here is a fu... 
VIDEO: Former Saints star Gareth Bale's car attacked after Real Madrid's loss to Barcelona: IT was supposed to... 
Royal seal for services at Southampton’s docks: PORT terminal operators Southampton Cargo Handling (SCH) have ... 
USS Theodore Roosevelt  - the facts and figures behind huge aircraft carrier: The US aircraft carrier USS Theo... 
Police launch hunt for gang after woman indecently assaulted in Southampton: POLICE are appealing for witnesse... 
Astronomy groups call for big switch-off: HAMPSHIRE astronomy groups are calling for residents to turn off the... 
Community quiz: BRAIN boxes can show off their knowledge at a quiz night at a Hampshire community centre. 
Southampton 2-0 Burnley: The verdict: RONALD Koeman appeared to be playing down Saints’ chances for the remain... 
New tour programme of Southampton’s historic monuments: SOME of Southampton’s most famous monuments will be on... 
90-year-old pulled from mud in river: FIREFIGHTERS, police and paramedics staged a dramatic rescue last night ... 
Council decision to spend £99,000 on heating system on library threatened with closure is branded 'shambolic':... 
Prison volunteer, 72, accused of relationship with jailed convicted rapist: A HAMPSHIRE pensioner who worked a... 
Review: Part 2 of Tonight's Last Man on Earth: Full spoilers follow.
This is the second episode of The Last Ma... 
Banshee: Season 3 Review: A vengeful, hulking warrior and a mad Colonel made sure the streets of Banshee ran r... 
It's here! Huge USS Roosevelt aircraft carrier arrives in Hampshire: AN ENORMOUS aircraft carrier nearly 1,100... 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: "Casey Jones vs. the Underworld" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode... 
Rail disruption for train passengers - due to staff shortages: STAFF shortages on a major line running through... 
Southampton's Cropper named in USA squad: Saints keeper Cody Cropper has been named in the senior United State... 
Road closed after serious crash between two motorcyclists: A SERIOUS crash involving two motorcyclists has clo... 
Man found dead in Southampton street named: A MAN found dead in broad daylight in a Southampton street has bee... 
GALLERY: Were you at St Mary's for Southampton's win over Burnley? See our action-packed pictures: SAINTS main... 
Saints keeper Forster forced to withdraw from England squad: SAINTS keeper Fraser Forster has been forced to w... 
Hampshire pub stars in Three In A Bed TV show - and wins: A Hampshire pub starred in the new series of Three i... 
PHOTOS AND VIDEO: Southampton's Matt wins Eastleigh 10k race: More than 2,600 runners pounded the streets of E... 
PHOTOS AND VIDEO: Southampton's Matt wins Eastleigh 10k race: More than 2,600 runners pounded the streets of E... 
Petrol station wins controversial fight to sell booze 24/7: CONTROVERSIAL plans to sell booze 24 hours a day f... 
Kelvin Davis: Southampton fans inspired me: Kelvin Davis said the reception he received from the Saints fans h... 
How you can help clean up Hampshire: HAMPSHIRE is hosting a day of action today against litter as people from ... 
Black Sails: "XVII" Review: In Black Sails' penultimate Season 2 episode, Flint and Miranda make a bold propos... 
Bertrand overlooked by England - again!: Ryan Bertrand has again been overlooked for the latest England squad,... 
Interview: Common People headliner Fatboy Slim: With his headlining appearance at Southampton’s Common People ... 
Southampton striker Pelle gets Italy call: Saints striker Graziano Pelle has kept his place in the Italy squad... 
AFC Totton 0 Mangotsfield 2: Riley bows out as Stags boss: STEVE RILEY is bowing out as manager of AFC Totton ... 
Kite-boarder sets land speed record in Hampshire: A KITE-BOARDER believes he has set a record for the fastest ... 
Warning for dog owners as killer disease claims another life: DOG owners have been warned to be on their guard... 
Southampton v Burnley: Updates: Updates as Southampton host Burnley in this afternoon's Premier League match a... 
Woops! Council apologises for spelling error on road sign directing visitors to famous author's former home: R... 
Community rallies around fire tragedy family: WELL-wishers have come to the aid of a Hampshire grieving family... 
Police launch hunt for two men in mystery body probe: A HUNT has been launched to find two men after a body wa... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 21.: Saints on this day, March 21. 
Meet the man who was told he'll never walk again - who's now trekking miles for charity: A HAMPSHIRE man will ... 
Spitfires need 15 more points for play-off spot: Eastleigh need 15 points from their remaining eight games if ... 
'We just want to know he is safe' - mum’s emotional plea as dozens bid to help find missing 24-year-old: UP TO... 
Gigantic 1,100ft long US aircraft to be anchored off Hampshire coast for next week from tomorrow: From tomorro... 
12 Monkeys: "Divine Move" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
This week, most of the action to... 
Witnesses appeal after motorcyclist dies following collision with tree: A motorcyclist has been killed on a Ha... 
Urgent appeal for vulnerable missing man: Police are making an urgent appeal for information about the whereab... 
Two arrested after alleged stabbing: A MAN has been arrested after an alleged stabbing. 
Southampton forward Mane picked for Senegal: Sadio Mane is in the Senegal squad for their friendly against Gha... 
Police probe five deaths at care home: HAMPSHIRE police are probing five deaths at a care home in the wake of ... 
PM David Cameron rejects claim ‘Right-to-Buy’ has seen homes lost in Southampton: DAVID Cameron has vowed to k... 
Saints youngsters pen new deals: Saints have moved to extend the contracts of two more promising youngsters. 
'I'm not bothered if you convict me' - Pennie Davis murder accused tells jurors: THE man accused of killing mu... 
Borderlands The Pre-Sequel: Claptastic Voyage Review: Learn to love Claptrap from the inside. 
Adams in the runs in Barbados: JIMMY Adams top scored with an unbeaten 97 on the second and final day of Hamps... 
INTERVIEW: Lee Memphis King: AT the age of five Lee Memphis King watched Elvis Presley on TV and a life-long “... 
Boy, 10, hit by car near Southampton school: POLICE have launched an investigation after a child was hit by a ... 
MP bats for Broughton:  Romsey MP Caroline Nokes opened the batting for Broughton on Sunday. 
Ex-Saints star arrested after dressing room bust up: A former Saints star has been arrested after a dressing r... 
Koeman: Saints face 'Mission Impossible': Ronald Koeman has branded the 2015 fixture schedule as “impossible” ... 
Vikings: "The Usurper" Review: Ragnar and Rollo return home to Kattegat and discover that tragedy stuck while ... 
“Look! Houses flooding in this area” - the desperate resident's signs telling the world of flooding ordeal: A ... 
Resident Evil Revelations 2 Final Review: After reviewing Capcom's horror episodically, we take a look at the ... 
Bus advert campaign launched warning of 'crippling' cuts: Buses across Hampshire are carrying adverts warning ... 
Sunsail on board as race’s sailing partner: ONE of Hampshire’s top sailing companies has come on board to back... 
The Gunman Review: The Gunman, starring Sean Penn, has some good action in it but lacks a compelling story or ... 
Tickets available for Jimmy Adams benefit event: Tickets are available for the first event of Jimmy Adams’ ben... 
Anti-arms trade protest at Southampton as BAE boss gives lecture: Demonstrators gathered at a Southampton univ... 
Massive aircract carrier to anchor off Hampshire coast - because it's too big to fit into the port: A MASSIVE ... 
PHOTOS: Portswood through the ages: Take a look at how the Portswood area of Southampton has changed over the years 
Private school slashes fees in a bid to attract more students: AN INDEPENDENT school in Ringwood is slashing i... 
Raiders! Review: Raiders! premiered at SXSW but has no release date at present.
When Steven Spielberg and Geor... 
Sign up to first aid lesson with TV's Claudia Winkleman: SCHOOLS across Hampshire are being urged to take part... 
Get Active: Why Winchester Fives is better than squash: IT IS like squash, but the ball is hit with the hands ... 
Batwoman #40 Review: Batwoman's haphazard pacing and focus as the series prepares for its finale. 
Protestors take to Southampton's streets over 'cruel' benefit changes: PROTESTORS have staged a mock arrest an... 
Twenty four charged with conspiring to traffic drugs to Hampshire: TWENTY four people have been charged follow... 
GOSSIP: Southampton chase Real Madrid wonderkid: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours making headlines in... 
Cat 'kicked in the head' by man in the street: PET owners have been urged to remain alert after reports emerge... 
Toxic smog cloud puts the south on health alert: The south has been placed on health alert today as a potentia... 
PHOTOS: Saints fans through the years: The Daily Echo has compiled a gallery of Saints fans in years gone by -... 
Koeman preparing to wave goodbye to Saints stars: Ronald Koeman will again be waving goodbye to a host of his ... 
Arrow: "The Offer" Review: Arrow returned with a dramatic episode as Ollie wrestled with a fateful decision. 
Saints considering living wage for employees: SOUTHAMPTON Football Club is considering adopting the living wag... 
'I am coming for you" - Pennie Davis murder accused threatens co-defendant from witness box: THE MAN accused o... 
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Season Finale Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Alway... 
Cup success for Barton Peveril: Barton Peveril students enjoyed double Hampshire Sixth Form College success in... 
Chancellor George Osborne delivers major boost for defibrillators campaign: THE Daily Echo has received a majo... 
Halo: Nightfall Blu-ray Review: Microsoft's second live-action Halo series makes its way to Blu-ray. Is it wor... 
Can you help identify this suspected burglar who sneaked in back of shopping centre and stole from staff?: POL... 
Isgrove joins Sheffield Wednesday on loan: Saints winger Lloyd Isgrove has joined Sheffield Wednesday on loan. 
INTERVIEW: The Bootleg Beatles: FROM their beginnings in 1980, The Bootleg Beatles have become a star attracti... 
LIVE: Major operation underway to rescue Gonzo the baby parrot stranded 40ft up tree: A MAJOR rescue operation... 
Cowes Week seeks new sailing director: A new sailing director is being sought for the Aberdeen Asset Managemen... 
Major rescue operation underway to save Gonzo the parrot stranded 40ft up a tree: A RESCUE operation has been ... 
Murder accused 'laughs and jokes' in witness box as he denies killing Pennie: A MAN accused of being hired to ... 
KP set for Surrey return: Kevin Pietersen could return to the Ageas Bowl this season – with Surrey. 
Major operation to repair Hampshire cathedral roof finally underway today: A UNIQUE operation to secure 27 ton... 
Wanyama walking yellow card tightrope for Saints: Victor Wanyama is walking a disciplinary tightrope as he att... 
Community hero helps kick-start Southampton's new £80m leisure complex: A COMMUNITY hero from Southampton help... 
Hampshire midwife struck off after rooting through patient's records before starting relationship with him: A ... 
The Flash: "Out of Time" Review: The Flash returned tonight as the new Weather Wizard debuted and big revelati... 
Marvel's Agents of SHIELD: "One of Us" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Hey, people. I... 
Eastleigh 2 Wrexham 2: Constable salvages point for Spitfires: JAMES Constable salvaged a point for Eastleigh ... 
Woman rescued after sinking thigh-deep into mud: A WOMAN was today rescued from sinking mud by firefighters in... 
Powers: "Devil in a Garbage Bag" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Wolfe and his extrao... 
Brockway red card is a game changer: CALUM Brockway’s third-minute dismissal left Folland Sports with a mounta... 
Community: "Lawnmower Maintenance and Postnatal Care" Review: Britta's parents show up and she thinks they're ... 
Polls give Labour hope of retaining key Southampton seat in election: LABOUR has been given hope over retainin... 
Hants captain to trial new helmet design: Hampshire captain Jimmy Adams is the first county player to agree to... 
'I wouldn't get involved in murder because of CSI show' - Pennie's alleged killer tells police: THE MAN accuse... 
PHOTOS: Irish Southampton players through the years: To mark St Patrick's Day, the Daily Echo has compiled a g... 
Southampton woman tells of nightmare Turkish holiday: A HAMPSHIRE holidaymaker who ended up in hospital after ... 
AFC Totton fans want club's Voice to be heard: AFC TOTTON’S newly-formed supporters’ group, The Stags Voice, w... 
Charity runners get ready for take-off: IT won’t be just planes taking to the runway at a Hampshire airport th... 
Family's plea to help find missing man: THE family of a missing man have made an emotional appeal for information. 
Win a Saints shirt!: The Daily Echo is giving one fan the chance to win a Saints shirt! 
Resident Evil Revelations 2: Episode 4 Review: Considering the sheer amount of plot threads dangling at the en... 
Battlefield Hardline Review in Progress: We're reserving our final score until we're sure servers work, but he... 
ECLIPSE: How to view the Solar Eclipse in Southampton: PARTS of the UK will be plunged into darkness during a ... 
The Returned: Episode 2 Review: Warning: This review contains full spoilers from the "Simon" episode of The Re... 
Saints defeat Liverpool: James Ward-Prowse and Florin Gardos played the full 90 minutes as Saints defeated Liv... 
Southampton explodes with colour as festival hits town: THERE was an explosion of colour and music when hundre... 
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD Review: The gritty tone and fast action is a welcome change from Final Fantasy's usual pace. 
Plea to find missing man in Hampshire: Police have issued an appeal to help find a missing man in Hampshire. 
Two charged after drug raids across Hampshire: TWO people have been charged following drug raids in Hampshire. 
Former Southampton defender joins New York Red Bulls: Former Saints defender Wayne Thomas has joined New York ... 
Teenager arrested over racist tweet at England footballer: A 15-year-old boy has been arrested by police inves... 
Police launch investigation after assaults before Saints game: POLICE are investigating violent incidents whic... 
GOSSIP: Clyne to reject Southampton deal: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours making the headlines acros... 
Burglars steal keys from Hampshire home before driving off in Ranger Rover worth £35,000: POLICE are appealing... 
Easter eggs-citement!: RESIDENTS can get in the Easter spirit with a day of eggs-citement at a Locks Heath Sho... 
Police release more details after car ploughs into clubbers outside nightspot: Police have today released more... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: The verdict: A point against Chelsea was important for Saints - but perhaps not as cr... 
‘Block docks view with hundreds of trees’ -  city opposition deputy leader's bid to boost city image: VIEWS of... 
'We're sorry' - South West Train's apology after fat people told they “should not sit down” due to lack of spa... 
Forster hailed by Southampton teammates: Saints keeper Fraser Forster was hailed by his teammates after he pro... 
Tributes paid to Hampshire D-Day veteran who lost battle with illness: TRIBUTES have been paid to a Hampshire ... 
Southampton's draw at Chelsea a victory for Koeman choices: Saints’ draw at Chelsea was a victory for Ronald Koeman. 
Once Upon a Time: "Enter the Dragon" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
The possibility of Em... 
Hampshire prepares for 'unmissable' eclipse this week: STAR-gazers are preparing for an ‘unmissable’ event in ... 
Hants lose Barbados Cup semi-final: Hampshire lost to Northants in the semi-finals of the Barbados Cup. 
It's Benali's big bash!: SAINTS legend Francis Benali swapped his running gear for a smart black suit as he ho... 
Hill praises Spitfires despite Barnet defeat: Eastleigh manager Richard Hill confessed his side weren’t at the... 
WIN: Trip to Marwell with Hampshire Fare: THERE’S still time to enter a new competition for children across th... 
The 100: Season 2 Review: Note: Full spoilers for The 100: Season 2 follow.
Overcoming most of its early growi... 
LAST NIGHT'S REVIEW: Morrissey at the BIC: ‘BOURNEMOUTH strikes again’ quipped Morrissey as he took to the sta... 
Cadnam dent Broughton's promotion hopes: Cadnam dented Broughton’s Hampshire Premier League second tier promot... 
REVEALED: The winners of Miss and Mr Hampshire 2015: THE votes are in and the winners of the Miss and Mr Hamps... 
Chelsea v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Chelsea in this afternoon's Premier League match at ... 
Police tape off busy city centre night spot: POLICE taped off a busy city centre nightspot in the early hours ... 
REVEALED: The Hampshire beauty spots to net millions of pounds as part of tourism drive: COUNCIL bosses have u... 
Great British Bake Off star in Hampshire charity cash bost: Southampton Hospital Charity added a taste of cele... 
PICTURES: Vote your favourite in the Daily Echo's Draw Your Mum competition: THE entries are in for the Daily ... 
History comes to life as Hampshire schools visit WW1 battlefields: IT was a personal journey for each and ever... 
Southampton snap up Huddersfield's Wilson: Ross Wilson has been appointed as Southampton’s new director of sco... 
Mourinho promises changes for Saints clash: Jose Mourinho has vowed Chelsea will respond from their Champions ... 
Bear hunt launched in Hampshire: PEOPLE in Hampshire are being urged to go on a bear hunt and find a family's ... 
Pelle and Costa both in midst of goal droughts: GRAZIANO Pelle won’t be the only striker desperate to end a go... 
Commuters shocked as fat people told 'not to sit down' on Hampshire train: HAMPSHIRE rail passengers were left... 
Fresh hope over return of Southampton balloon festival: CAMPAIGNERS trying to restore a popular balloon festiv... 
Happy birthday to golf's great pioneer: As he turns 90 today, John Jacobs will no doubt be receiving his fair ... 
Britannia to set sail on maiden voyage today: THE world’s newest cruise ship, the 143,000-ton Britannia sets s... 
Cancer test day as referrals soar: DOCTORS are staging a pioneering cancer-testing event in Southampton today ... 
“It was the biggest mistake of my life and I hate myself for it" - fraudster funeral director apologies for sc... 
Banshee: Season 3 Finale Review: In Banshee's action-packed Season 3 finale, Hood gets some unexpected help in... 
12 Monkeys: "Tomorrow" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
"For where your treasure is, there ... 
Elderly man in hospital after fire in home: A MAN was rushed to hospital today after a blaze broke out in his ... 
Helldivers Review: Helldivers is the rare game that knows exactly what it wants to do, and does it with comple... 
Alderweireld: Southampton don't need Champions League to keep me: Toby Alderweireld would be happy to stay at ... 
Powers: "Mickey Rooney Cries No More" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Powers' third e... 
Former Smiths frontman Morrissey appearing at rare gig in Bournemouth: BEQUIFFED former Smiths frontman Morris... 
Alderweireld: I would like to stay at Southampton: Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld has said he would li... 
Hants set for Jayawardene test: Hampshire will be up against Mahela Jayawardene when they play Sussex at Hove ... 
Murder plot accused 'repeatedly denied involvement' in police interview, court heard: A HAMPSHIRE man accused ... 
COMIC RELIEF 2015: Get ready for the big push: A TEAM of car salesmen from Southampton are pushing a one-ton c... 
COMIC RELIEF 2015: Southampton's pyjama boot camp: FITNESS fanatics from across Hampshire have been working up... 
WATCH: The Southampton buskers taking the internet by storm: A VIDEO of buskers singing a protest song in Sout... 
Final countdown for Sholing: HAVING been rooted in 17th spot since November 22, Sholing’s Southern One South &amp;... 
Investigation launched after two arson attacks in Southampton: FIREFIGHTERS have launched an investigation aft... 
Scam siphoned off £23,000 from elderly people planning their funerals: A COUPLE are facing prison after fleeci... 
Run All Night Review: Run All Night has all the usual makings of a Liam Neeson crime thriller, but it's still ... 
STARVED: The dog rescued just days from death in Hampshire: A MAJOR hunt is underway tonight to find the owner... 
Mario vs. Donkey Kong: Tipping Stars Review: Throughout the years, Mario games have often been synonymous with... 
iZombie: Series Premiere Review: Liv Moore had grand ambitions, but events at a fateful party leave her as a b... 
Prince of Wales commends ex-offender who turned life around: A YOUNG woman who beat the odds and turned her li... 
Severe weather delay Hampshire sailors on Volvo Ocean Race: Hampshire sailors will have to remain patient afte... 
Funeral set for young mum found dead in woodlands: THE funeral of a young Southampton mum found dead in dense ... 
Race for the Champions League: Who has the nicest fixtures?: Saints face one of the simplest run-ins – on pape... 
Cruise liners meet in Sydney Harbour: TWO iconic Southampton cruise liners met outside one of the world's most... 
Singing legend Tom Jones returning to Larmer Tree Festival: YOU can leave your hat on at this year’s Larmer Tr... 
Fab four beat 30,000 in stock exchange challenge: FOUR Kings School pupils have beaten 30,000 competitors and ... 
BATTERED: Bloodied police vest after attack on officer: THIS IS the aftermath of an assault on a Hampshire pol... 
New Avengers #31 Review: The identity of Rabum Alal is finally revealed. 
Ron's Saints can grab historic opportunity: As this season enters the final furlong, Saints are moving increas... 
Woman who died in house fire in Hampshire named: A woman who died in a house fire in Hampshire has been named. 
120 beach huts destroyed in storm to be replaced: PLANS to replace almost 120 storm-ravaged beach huts have be... 
Southern Cross #1 Review: Southern Cross proves intriguing at the onset, but lead Alex is a bit too closed off. 
Defence cuts revolt spearheaded by Hampshire MP: HAMPSHIRE MP Julian Lewis will today join a Conservative revo... 
New investigation into foster carer who sexually abused young girls: POLICE have launched a fresh investigatio... 
The 100: Season 2 Finale Review: Note: Full spoilers for The 100: Season 2 finale follow. 
"How would you desc... 
Boatmen show cup pedigree: IT’S been a tough season in the Southern League for Sholing, but no one can knock t... 
Code Name STEAM Review: STEAM uses simple mechanics and deep tactics to build a competent turn-based action game. 
Mum and young child evacuated from flat fire: RESIDENTS had to be evacuated after a blaze in a block of flats. 
Stabbing victim Pennie 'did not die immediately' murder trial hears: THE STAB wounds suffered by mum-of-five P... 
IN PICTURES: Morgan Schneiderlin's Saints career so far: HE has been a mainstay of the Saints team for years b... 
New acts announced for Southampton's Common People festival: SOUTHAMPTON'S brand new Common People festival ha... 
Police hunt for thief who stole electrical goods from John Lewis: THIS is the man police want to speak to abou... 
Hants unveil 50-over kit: Hampshire Cricket have unveiled their new Royal London One-Day Cup kit. 
Teenager missing after death of her mother found safe and well: MISSING Winchester student Izzy Thomsen has be... 
MISSING: Police searching for teenage girl: POLICE have issued an urgent appeal to find a missing Hampshire teenager. 
BRITANNIA: Young dancers take centre stage with Strictly stars: IT was the biggest moment of their lives. Youn... 
Investigation launched after man plunges from Southampton tower block: POLICE are investigating the death of a... 
Take a glimpse inside a mansion that rose from the ashes of a manor house that burned down 15 years ago: A lux... 
Person of Interest: "Karma" Review: Team Machine disagrees over the way to handle a new number who takes the l... 
Saints star set for Fabregas showdown: Morgan Schneiderlin will get another chance to prove he is among Europe... 
Own goal sends City up to second: WINCHESTER City and Totton &amp; Eling were the big winners on a significant nig... 
Powers Series Premiere Review: It's been an interesting road getting Brian Michael Bendis and Michael Avon Oem... 
Clothing retailer set to open at former JJB site: AN EMPTY shop in Winchester High Street is set to reopen aft... 
Hampshire train delays after fault at station: RAILWAY users in Hampshire are facing delays after an electrica... 
Season-long loan for Sisi: David Sisi is to be loaned back to London Irish for the 2015-16 season. 
First flight from £1.5m runway hailed a success: THE first flight from a Hampshire runway following a £1.5m up... 
NHS back bid to transform GP care in Hampshire: A PIONEERING scheme has been launched that could transform GP ... 
Murder accused 'confessed to killing Pennie' court hears: The man accused of killing mum-of-five Pennie Davis ... 
Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number Review: Sprawling in both story and level design, Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number ... 
UKIP Party gets General Election campaign up and running with new base: A POLITICAL party has got its general ... 
Confetti rains down as Queen names Britannia in Southampton: A SHOWER of red, blue and white confetti rained d... 
GOSSIP: Man United and Real Madrid star linked with Southampton ahead of sales: Manchester United striker Javi... 
Resident Evil Revelations 2: Episode 3 Review: There's still a lot of momentum in Resident Evil: Revelations 2... 
Ramraiders smash into shop front: DETECTIVES are investigating a ram raid on a Hampshire shop this morning. 
Winchester barred from victory: Depleted Winchester came close to pulling off an injury-time victory against r... 
Southampton businesses leading the charge to back Marwell's Zany Zebras: A STAMPEDE has begun to sponsor Marwe... 
Hill urges Spitfires to take Kiddy care: Eastleigh manager Richard Hill insists that their victory at Vanarama... 
Murder accused was 'nervous and aggravated' on day woman was killed, court told: THE man accused of murdering ... 
More than two teaching staff 'assaulted every day' at schools in Southampton, figures reveal: MORE than two te... 
Better Call Saul: "5-0" Review: Better Call Saul delivered a harrowing episode that gave us a look at the even... 
Bates Motel: Season 3 Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Summer's over, school'... 
Police seeking whereabouts of 'missing' Hampshire sex offenders: FIVE convicted sex offenders have gone missin... 
On song Totts set up Cornish title decider: Tottonians put an uncharacteristic slow start behind them to take ... 
Star Wars Rebels: Season 1 Review: Note: Full spoilers for Star Wars Rebels: Season 1 follow.
There was a sens... 
Rogue traders con Hampshire pensioners out of thousands of pounds: ROGUE traders have targeted an elderly coup... 
Southampton's 'most wanted' man back behind bars: THE thug who once mocked police with his 'catch me if you ca... 
Hill hails biggest ever game: Eastleigh manager Richard Hill hailed his side’s 2-1 win over Vanarama Conferenc... 
Hampshire celebrates Commonwealth Day with special ceremony: HAMPSHIRE joined millions of people around the wo... 
Dog walker hospitalised after being attacked by Staffordshire Bull Terrier near children's play area: A woman ... 
Sadio Mane's winners could mean Saints recoup his transfer fee: Sadio Mane is set to repay his transfer fee in... 
City's 'most wanted' to appear in court:  A MAN who sparked a major police hunt was today due in court after h... 
Saints midfielder James Ward-Prowse helps boost cancer charity: SAINTS star James Ward-Prowse helped raise mor... 
Sailor Moon Crystal: "Act 17 - Secret, Jupiter" Review: Usagi and Chibiusa grow closer, while Jupiter shows of... 
'More attention needed' on brain conditions like dementia: A LEADING dementia expert from Southampton is calli... 
Bid to stage regular concerts at the Ageas Bowl: IT HAS played host to some of the biggest music acts in the w... 
The Last Man on Earth: "Raisinballs and Wedding Bells" Review: Full spoilers follow.
Phil Miller is now the pr... 
Hampshire pros in the money: RICHARD Bland reinforced his solid start to the European Tour season with a tie f... 
PHOTOS: Racer walks away from 142mph crash and fireball: THESE are the dramatic images that capture frame by f... 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: "The Pig and the Rhino" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode to follo... 
PHOTOS: 1,500 rock out for Takedown Festival in Southampton: HUNDREDS rocked out at the annual Takedown festiv... 
GOSSIP: Saints eye new striker and Clyne replacement: A round-up of today's transfer gossip, including a repor... 
Metal rocks at Southampton festival: Hundreds of heavt metal fans rocked it out at a heavy metal music festiva... 
Person killed in house blaze in Hampshire: ONE person died following a severe fire at a Hampshire house early today. 
Hanging tough with muscle mum Kathrine: SHE could put a man with the biggest muscles to shame. 
Southampton live music venue fears for future after new rules: THE owner of one of Southampton’s biggest music... 
Black Sails: "XV" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Black Sails' Chapter XV slowed thin... 
Reason is the prize guy for February: EASTLEIGH'S Jai Reason has scooped the Vanarama Conference player-of-the... 
Famous victory for Spitfires: Eastleigh recorded a famous victory as they beat Vanarama Conference leaders Bri... 
Legal battle looms over £165m city centre development: LEADERS have walked, hundreds have marched and a top ju... 
Matt Coles to leave Hampshire: HAMPSHIRE all-rounder Matt Coles is to leave the club, it has been announced. 
Road is closed for resurfacing: WORK has started on resurfacing a Hampshire road. 
Hampshire's first gay couple to have civil partnership get married: A SOUTHAMPTON couple have made history for... 
Man drove car into girlfriend outside her home in Southampton: A SOUTHAMPTON man has appeared in court followi... 
Saints on slippery slopes for team-building trip: The Saints players hit the slopes in Davos yesterday, as the... 
March against closure of city care home: DOZENS of people will march through Southampton today to protest at t... 
Teenager whose heart attack sparked defibrillator campaign returns to school where it happened: Hampshire stud... 
Southampton's most wanted man Michael Easy refuses to give himself up during phone calls with police: SOUTHAMP... 
Tributes to the young carer who 'touched people's hearts': TRIBUTES have been paid to an award winning young c... 
12 Monkeys: "Yesterday" Review: With the machine failing and Cole lost in time, Jones makes contact with a dan... 
Cherries storm back to top of table: Bournemouth marched back to the top of the Championship with a 5-1 demoli... 
Star Wars: Heir to the Jedi Review: With the establishment of the Lucasfilm Story Group and the abolition of t... 
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Season 1 Review: Here are our thoughts on the first season of Unbreakable Kimmy Sch... 
Major manhunt after knife wielding robber raids bookmaker: A MAJOR manhunt is underway this evening after a kn... 
Historic Hampshire abbey calls for more boys to join the historic choir amid recruitment drive: For more than ... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Colonization Application" Review: Sheldon faced new relationship drama this week as ... 
Bland falls back in South Africa: Richard Bland has slipped down the leaderboard after the second day of the A... 
Teenager jailed for trying to kill three women because he couldn't lose his virginity: A teenager who compared... 
Winchester RFC still playing for pride - and coach expects a 'brave' performance: Winchester’s hopes of promot... 
Young woman avoids jail after downloading animal porn and child abuse images: A YOUNG Hampshire woman has toda... 
PHOTOS: Meet the Hampshire dogs bidding to be best in show at Crufts: ALMOST 100 dogs from Hampshire are compe... 
Tributes paid to pensioner killed in high street crash in Southampton: TRIBUTES have been paid to a well-known... 
Lymington wheel out non league veteran Paul Gazzard in Sydenhams Wessex League: LYMINGTON Town wheeled out a s... 
Kidnapping Mr. Heineken Review: Kidnapping Mr. Heineken makes a good true story, but it doesn't work as well a... 
Lymington school Priestlands win Hampshire Under-16 rugby cup.: Lymington-based Priestlands won the Hampshire ... 
PHOTOS: Dancing on the tables as Southampton's Frog &amp; Frigate reopens: LAST night hordes of beer-drinking punt... 
Huge changes for city parking fees about to come into effect: A MAJOR shake-up of parking charges across South... 
The moment Grand Prix hero gets back the wheel of a Formula One car - 50 years after horrific crash: One of Br... 
EVICTED: Elderly lady turfed out of home of five decades with her life's possessions in cases: AN 84-year-old ... 
Vikings: "Warrior's Fate" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Prince Burgred's forces wer... 
Seager's 14 minute hat-trick seals Southampton Cup final spot: If a lack of goals in first team matches has pr... 
Southampton under-21s v Derby under-21s - Live: Updates as Southampton take on Derby in the semi-final of the ... 
Car broken into while minister conducts funeral:   
Hampshire political party banned from running in General Election - because of 'sexist' name: A HAMPSHIRE base... 
Dig: Series Premiere Review: From creators Tim Kring and Gideon Raff, USA's new series Dig tells the story of ... 
Cat lover’s appeal after pet is killed: A HEARTBROKEN cat owner in Ringwood is urging people to make sure they... 
Arrest after schoolboy dies after having heart attack: POLICE have arrested a woman in connection with the sud... 
Police hunt burglar who tried to enter home while parent on school run: A MUM returned home from the school ru... 
Pennie Davis murder trial adjourned for the day: THE murder trial of Pennie Davis has been adjourned for the day. 
PHOTOS: Southampton in Switzerland: Saints have begun their team-building trip to Switzerland, in the spectacu... 
Pensioner rescued from flat fire: FIREFIGHTERS rescued an elderly women from a Winchester flat after a discard... 
Sponsorship boost for rising star Matson: RISING sailing star Sam Matson has received a welcome boost to his 2... 
Missing teenager found: A Southampton teenager who went missing from his home for five days has been found. 
Green Lantern #40 Review: Green Lantern #40 goes in an unexpected direction as Hal does some unspeakable thing... 
Angry drivers say they are being walloped with £100 fines – just to park outside their homes: Fed up residents... 
Shop stripped of alcohol licence after selling booze to kids: A CONVENIENCE store is set to be stripped of its... 
First glimpse at plan to end parking misery at Southampton General Hospital: MULTI-million pound plans to ease... 
It's Always Sunny: "The Gang Goes on Family Fight" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
It... 
Dragon Ball XenoVerse Review: Dragon Ball XenoVerse takes most of what I like about the anime and role-playing... 
Saints slip back to sixth after tonight's Premier League matches: SAINTS have slipped to sixth in the Premier ... 
Hampshire II to play at May's Bounty: HAMPSHIRE Second XI will be in action at Basingstoke and North Hants’ Ma... 
More tests to be carried out on body of pensioner found dead after inconclusive post mortem: FURTHER tests wil... 
Eastleigh announce £5 a game season tickets for next season: Eastleigh have released the prices for their seas... 
Alcohol may have played a part in fatal fall, inquest is told: A MAN said to have an alcohol problem died afte... 
Teen suspects hunted after bike stolen in New Forest burglary: TWO teenage suspects are being hunted today aft... 
White victim was racially abused: A JUDGE has given a Southampton man, who yelled racist abuse at a woman smok... 
Hampshire Cricket captain Jimmy Adams can't wait for inaugural Bournemouth Festival of Cricket: THE first matc... 
Students take to the catwalk to show off desings: STUDENTS' innovative designs inspired by everything from the... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 4.: Saints on this day, March 4. 
Is net closing in on woman who neglected baby in McDonalds in Asda?: Police are analysing CCTV footage in thei... 
PHOTOS: Hospital Heroes recognised at awards do in Southampton: SHE is known as ‘the Queen’ by her friends and... 
Sadio Mane the hero as Southampton FC end goal drought with massive victory over Crystal Palace: Sadio Mane sp... 
Community calls for consultation over proposed development at ex-military facility: CAMPAIGNERS are urging the... 
Patient hits nursing officer over the head with iron after claiming he was Jesus: A RESIDENT at a home for peo... 
Koeman delighted that Southampton are off for a team bonding trip in the snow: Saints jet off to Switzerland t... 
'He messed with the wrong guy' - says martial arts student who dodged the blows of controversial car dealer: A... 
Justified: "The Hunt" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode below.
"The Hunt" took a step back from the ... 
Former Southampton boss Pardew furious Palace weren't awarded a penalty: FORMER Saints boss Alan Pardew insist... 
Money promised to man accused of murdering mum-of-five was counterfeit cash, court hears: A MUM was allegedly ... 
Wilde fires Gosport to Fratton final: GOSPORT Borough have booked their ticket to the Hampshire FA Senior Cup ... 
CSI: Cyber: Series Premiere Review: Shortly after Patricia Arquette's Oscar win for Best Supporting Actress, I... 
Le Tiss says numbers add up to be on Countdown: SAINTS legend Matt Le Tissier is considering number crunching ... 
Leaders Andover send Sandown packing: Andover’s domination from the start against Sandown &amp; Shanklin netted th... 
Soul heir Otis Redding III to play Eastleigh's Concorde Club: HE was the King of Soul, considered one of the g... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 3.: Saints on this day, March 3. 
OlliOlli 2: Welcome to Olliwood Review: OlliOlli 2 is everything a sequel should be, with vital new mechanics,... 
Police granted more time to quiz suspect after body found: POLICE officers have been given more time to quiz a... 
Multi-million pound cash boost to safeguard Hampshire's vulnerable children from abuse: SOCIAL workers in Hamp... 
Palace lose captain for Southampton clash: Crystal Palace captain Mile Jedinak will miss the Saints Premier Le... 
Fiance going to great lengths for charity helping bride-to-be: A FIANCÉ is cycling 1,000 miles this year to ra... 
Mum-of-five 'killed for cheap price of £1,500': A HAMPSHIRE mum of five was killed for the "cheap price" of £1... 
New £140m centre is shaping the future of shipping: IT’S the new £140m centre that could lead to ground-breaki... 
Support Saints with poster in today's Daily Echo: It was meant as a bit of fun as part of the Daily Echo’s sup... 
Resident Evil Revelations 2: Episode 2 Review: The second episode of Resident Evil Revelations 2 ups the ante ... 
Just days left for campaign to save Southampton libraries: THERE are just days left for residents to have thei... 
Why could this Hampshire pub have a red and white makeover?: A HAMPSHIRE pub could be painted red and white – ... 
Boy 9, called 'Incredible Hulk' plotted to kill mum: PARENTS are living in fear in their homes because they ar... 
Bridge works due to start despite residents' traffic fears: RECONSTRUCTION to a railway bridge in a Hampshire ... 
Koeman unsure if Rodriguez will return this season: Ronald Koeman is unsure whether Jay Rodriguez will play fo... 
Tributes paid as teenager dies suddenly after being struck down by meningitis: TRIBUTES have been paid to a 19... 
Screamride Review: Using the thumbstick to tilt the wrong way as my roller coaster approached a tight turn, I ... 
Aaru's Awakening Review: Over the course of my adventure through Aaru’s Awakening, I encountered boiling lava ... 
Southampton to seek answer on Clyne's future: Saints will attempt to ascertain the future of Nathaniel Clyne o... 
England footballer arrested on suspicion of having sex with underage girl: AN ENGLAND international footballer... 
TOP 10: Successful university drop-outs: After Hampshire-born Craig Fletcher sold his family-run computer game... 
Winchester step up push for ground redevelopment: WINCHESTER City are getting closer to their neighbours in a ... 
Road reopened after roadworks completed early: A BUSY Hampshire road opened in time for this morning's rush ho... 
WIN! The Daily Echo launches it's Paint Your Mum competition: YOUNG Daily Echo readers are being given the cha... 
West Brom 1-0 Southampton: The verdict: Read chief sports writer Adam Leitch's final verdict on Saints' 1-0 de... 
Minister calls for action over college threatened with closure: PLANS to save a cashstrapped Hampshire college... 
Balloons released during memorial walk for sudden-death mum: RELATIVES and friends of a Hampshire mum-of-two w... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 2.: Saints on this day, March 2. 
Rush hour delays on railways: PASSENGERS face rush hour delays on the railways this morning. 
Multi-million pound cuts prompt fears over 1,000 police beat officers: BOBBIES on the beat could be no more an... 
Owner of car submerged in sea apologises to emergency services: A DRIVER certainly felt that sinking feeling a... 
Controversial car dealer missed two upper cuts on martial arts expert who tried to break up row between him an... 
Spitfires stand and deliver: Jai Reason was the star of the show for Eastleigh as they demonstrated to the nat... 
Once Upon a Time: Midseason Premiere Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Once Upon a Time hasn... 
Brown shines but Sholing lose again: SHOLING’S losing streak stretched to four straight league and cup games w... 
Riley: Young Stags will learn from defeat: STEVE Riley found it hard to criticise his AFC Totton troops in the... 
Hampshire life-saver rubs shoulders with stars as she is named Tesco Mum of the Year: A HAMPSHIRE woman rubbed... 
Trains to London blocked: A BROKEN down train has blocked train routes to London this afternoon. 
Saints goalkeeper Fraser Forster sends jokey text to 'time waster' Ben Foster: SAINTS shot stopper Fraser Fors... 
Dog fights off man who grabbed owner in random attack: A DOG fought off a man acting suspiciously after he gra... 
Hampshire skipper returns to top of Volvo Ocean Race leaderboard: Ian Walker lost out in a ‘drag race’ for leg... 
Driver gives a new meaning to 'off road parking': A DRIVER defied basic parking laws by lodging their car acro... 
Former Pompey defender wants a career in politics: EX-Pompey footballer Sol Campbell has indicated he is still... 
Motorway chaos after lorry breaks down: A BROKEN down lorry is causing traffic chaos on a major Hampshire motorway. 
Ant &amp; Dec's Supercomputer in Southampton: Pictures and video as it happens: HUNDREDS of people have turned out... 
Hundreds of youngsters shine in final night of Rock Challenge: Hundreds of youngsters took to the stage for th... 
Russia vows to continue flying its bombers along South Coast off Southampton: RUSSIA has vowed to continue fly... 
Community rallies to help tobacconist targeted by armed robber: A SOUTHAMPTON community has rallied around a p... 
Slow coaches: South to wait YEARS for high speed rail travel: WE could be waiting a long time for a fast train... 
Black Sails: "XIV" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
With last week's excellent reveal ... 
West Brom 1-0 Southampton: Fonte urges players to keep faith: Jose Fonte has urged the Saints players to keep ... 
Crash partially closes major road: DRIVERS are facing delays after a crash partially closed a major Hampshire road.  
Battle Creek: Series Premiere Review: Despite its paint-by-numbers crime formula, CBS's Battle Creek is plenty... 
Super sub Robinson keeps Winchester City in promotion race: SUPER sub Liam Robinson scored with his first touc... 
Hundreds of campaigners stage protest against energy plant development: HUNDREDS of campaigners have turned ou... 
Hampshire UKIP candidate suddenly drops her bid to become an MP: A high profile UKIP Hampshire parliamentary c... 
Eastleigh 4 Macclesfield 0: Eastleigh rebooted their home form and continued to show their Vanarama Conference... 
Your chance to shine on Ant &amp; Dec's Supercomputer: SOUTHAMPTON shoppers will be bidding to become TV stars tom... 
VIDEO: Saints linked with move for French star: SOUTHAMPTON are reported to be preparing a bid for a French st... 
IMMIGRATION STREET: Has controversial TV documentary tarnished Southampton's reputation?: IT WAS supposed to b... 
SOLD OUT: 6,000 runners sign up to Southampton's half marathon: IT is the new landmark sporting event which ha... 
Saints star Mane is most-frequently-fouled player in Premier League: SADIO Mane can expect one thing if he is ... 
WATCH: Hampshire man winds-up his pregnant wife to breaking point in hilarious video: A YOUTUBE video of a Ham... 
Air ambulances to fly at night in Hampshire - thanks to £5million global bank fines: HAMPSHIRE’S vital emergen... 
PHOTOS: Rock Challenge 2015 - winners on night five: MAGICAL toys, woodland creatures and giants took centre s... 
Ryan's agonising wait over at last: Saints defender Ryan Bertrand is ready to put the most agonising period of... 
Angry villagers to protest multi-million pound development today: SCORES of placard-waving demonstrators are p... 
City chef offers unique support to help Saints march into Europe: NO ARMY can march on an empty stomach – and ... 
VIDEO: Police step up road-rage brawl investigation: POLICE have confirmed they are investigating the shocking... 
Violent thugs jailed after threatening to 'slit man's throat from ear-to-ear': VIOLENT thugs burst into a home... 
12 Monkeys: "The Keys" Review: Note: Fullspoilers for the episode follow.
As a 12 Monkeys viewer, I feel like ... 
Car swamped by the tide in Southampton Water: A DRIVER had to be rescued after getting his car stuck in the mu... 
Saints' opponents 'in a dogfight' to stay up: West Brom head coach Tony Pulis says his team is still in a 'dog... 
The Americans: "Salang Pass" Review: Philip's mission to turn Kimmy into an asset continues, whether Philip li... 
Like our new Facebook page dedicated to Saints: If you want all the very latest Saints news direct in your new... 
Motorist rushed to hospital after crash closes major road: A MOTORIST has been rushed to hospital after a four... 
Close finish in prospect for Volvo Ocean Race leg 4: Everything is set for a thrilling finish in the latest st... 
Pup hopes to be smiles better than the rest and win award: THIS smiley Hampshire pup could be given a special ... 
The Last Man on Earth: Series Premiere Review: The first two episodes of The Last Man on Earth premiere on FOX... 
VIDEO: Jaw-dropping footage as Aldridge unveils 'hardest dive in the world': Southampton diver Blake Aldridge ... 
Motorbike owners urged to be vigilant after string of thefts across Southampton: POLICE are urging motorcycle ... 
The world's most controversial dress - what colour do you think it is?: THIS dress has been the most hotly tal... 
Down memory lane - do you remember these great Southampton wins at West Brom?: SAINTS visit West Bromwich Albi... 
House of Cards: Season 3 Review in Progress: House of Cards: Season 3 is here and IGN's got a "Review in Progr... 
The Queen to name new cruise ship Britannia in Southampton: THE Queen will visit Southampton to name P&amp;O Cruis... 
GOSSIP: Now Chelsea linked with summer move for Southampton star Clyne: SAINTS star Nathaniel Clyne is again b... 
Why is Only Fools and Horses' Boycie demanding an apology from a Hampshire developer?: HIS cigar-smoking chara... 
A third of officers to be replaced by PCSOs in cost-cuttting measure: A THIRD of the local police officers in ... 
Ron backs Pelle to overcome goal drought: Ronald Koeman has emphasised top scorer Graziano Pelle’s importance ... 
Hampshire's train network 'the most underfunded' despite expensive tickets: HAMPSHIRE'S train network is one o... 
Vikings: "The Wanderer" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
I'm still waiting for somethi... 
Frozen Cortex Review: Frozen Cortex is a success on the most important level: developer Mode 7 Games created a... 
Top Bollywood star to perform one off gig: A MAJOR Bollywood star is coming to Southampton to perform a one-of... 
The Lazarus Effect Review: From Blumhouse Productions -- the micro-budget movie company that brought you Paran... 
Scientists have discovered ancient wheat DNA in the Solent that could change the way we understand Britain’s h... 
Harbour explosion scare after contractors find wartime shell: A HARBOUR was brought to a standstill today afte... 
43 Peter Symonds students get offers from Oxbridge: THIS bunch of bright sparks have already secured offers fr... 
Press conference digest: Koeman previews Southampton v West Brom: Ronald Koeman talks West Brom, lack of goals... 
School team triumphs in smallpox challenge: STUDENTS from Woodlands School in Southampton have triumphed in a ... 
Sholing crash out of Russell Cotes Cup: FAVOURITES Sholing are out of the Russell Cotes Cup. 
New beauty school opens doors: TRAINEE beauticians will get a kickstart in their careers as a new beauty schoo... 
Drugs led to fatal lapse of memory: A DIABETIC woman was found dead after drug use made her forget to take her... 
GOSSIP: Manchester United set for swift Clyne bid: Manchester United will make a bid for Saints defender Natha... 
VIDEO: Road-rage brawl caught on camera in Southampton: SHOCKING footage captures a road-rage brawl breaking o... 
PHOTOS: Rock Challenge 2015 - winners on night three: YOUNGSTERS danced the night away as they took part in th... 
Thor Annual #1 Review: All the Thor's get their time in this solid and entertaining annual. 
Southampton star in race against time to be fit for "must-win" clash with West Brom: Saints winger Eljero Elia... 
PICTURES: New Forest pancake race better late than never: DOZENS of spectactors lined Beaulieu High Street yes... 
Time running out to make history in Southampton: HAMPSHIRE’S newest mass running event is on the verge of sell... 
Southampton community delighted as Immigration Street beaten by the news in ratings: MORE people tuned in to w... 
Drag race for Walker's crew: IAN Walker’s quest for a second win in four legs was looking more and more likely... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Arrow?: Tonight's episode of Arrow wasn't just notable for giving us our first... 
Tributes have been paid to a teenager who died after being hit by a train: The parents of a young soldier who ... 
Marwell reveals new animal for this year's art trail: ZEBRAS will be spotted across Southampton next summer af... 
Southampton star Elia helps children give racism the boot: Saints star Eljero Elia has helped schoolchildren i... 
Kemp lands Bemerton job: FORMER Christchurch and Winchester City boss Graham Kemp will be the new manager of B... 
Tea party in aid of Dementia charity: A CHARITY supporting people with dementia will host a tea party in South... 
Mike Brown to miss Ireland clash: England full-back Mike Brown has been ruled out of Sunday's RBS 6 Nations ma... 
Students evacuated after fire at Southampton flats: FIREFIGHTERS are tackling a blaze that has broken out in s... 
More of line-up revealed for island festival: THE Isle of Arts festival has added comedy and drama acts to the... 
COMMENT: Goal drought threat to Southampton's Euro hopes: IT is a worrying statistic. 
Community coffee morning: A COMMUNITY coffee morning is being held in Shirley, Southampton, today. 
Pair charged after stabbing in Southampton: TWO people have been charged by police after a man was stabbed in ... 
Arsonists start blaze at children's playground: ARSONISTS started a blaze in a Southampton playground in the e... 
Hampshire mum set for TV Strictly showcase: A HAMPSHIRE mum will perform live on Strictly Come Dancing tonight... 
Dell favourites to visit city schoolchildren to crackdown on football racism: THREE Saints legends will be mee... 
Hampshire police commissioner calls for legal high ban: HAMPSHIRE'S police and crime commissioner will encoura... 
Justified: "Alive Day" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode below.
"Alive Day" jumped back into the mea... 
New council leader vows to find answers over £165m development chaos: The new leader of a Hampshire council ha... 
Hampshire have signed "perfect county player": HAMPSHIRE have signed two South African-born England-qualified ... 
Parks and Recreation: Series Finale Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
"That's all I wan... 
Town reach Red Insure Cup final: POOLE Town twice came back from behind to reach the Red Insure Cup final. 
REACTION: Immigration Street takes nation by storm: THE fallout is just beginning after life in a Southampton ... 
England hopeful that Southampton-born star will be fit to face Ireland: England retain hope that Southampton-b... 
Chelsea star Matic available for Southampton game: Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic's will be available to fac... 
Hampshire MPs defeated over bid to toughen abortion laws: HAMPSHIRE Conservative MPs were defeated in their bi... 
Five arrested after drugs raid in Southampton: FIVE men have today been arrested in connection with a conspira... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 24: Hands up who remembers Marek Saganowski, one of... 
Stolen phone snaps photo of man police want to speak to: POLICE want to speak to this man after he was caught ... 
UPDATE: Police raid on home in Southampton: SPECIALIST police officers have swooped on a house in Southampton. 
Police raid on home in Southampton: SPECIALIST police officers have swooped on a house in Southampton. 
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - The Bright Lord Review: When I play an expansion like Middle-earth: Shadow of... 
Hampshire Cricket sign former Middlesex all-rounder Gareth Berg.: Hampshire Cricket have signed experienced al... 
VIDEO: Stand-off causes delays as bus and car drivers argue in Southampton: COMMUTERS were caught in a traffic... 
Resident Evil Revelations 2: Episode 1 Review: The first episode in Revelations 2 does a bunch of things right... 
England won't take any risks over Hampshire rugby star Mike Brown: England head coach Stuart Lancaster will ta... 
Rock Challenge 2015 - winners on night one: FROM Greek Gods to the animals of Noah’s ark – youngsters took to ... 
LIVE: Saints latest news and comment: All the latest news, views and comment on Southampton FC 
Could this be the future of a 21st century Above Bar street - with a glass roof!: THESE images show a bold new... 
Concern over content of controversial TV programme Immigration Street to be screened today: ALL eyes will be o... 
Better Call Saul: "Hero" Review: Better Call Saul gets its con on, as we learn more about the origin of Jimmy McGill. 
Gotham: "Red Hood" Review: A face from Alfred's past pays a visit while Gordon and Bullock track down bank rob... 
Southampton captain Fonte joins video ref calls: Jose Fonte has supported the introduction of a video referee ... 
Southampton doctors in new anti-allergy breakthrough: DOCTORS in Southampton have revealed eating peanuts at a... 
VIDEO: Koeman - Saints 'outdone' by early decisions in Liverpool loss: SAINTS boss Ronald Koeman has blamed "u... 
Mystery plane circling Southampton for hours: MYSTERY surrounds why a plane with just one set of landing gear ... 
Eastleigh's trip to Halifax postponed for a second time: Eastleigh's trip to FC Halifax Town in the Vanarama C... 
Go-karting to return to Hampshire town this summer: GO kart racing will be back on Romsey's streets by popular... 
Cash, jewels and camera stolen in raid on Hampshire home: POLICE are appealing for witnesses after cash, jewel... 
Koeman calls for increased use of fourth official: Ronald Koeman believes English football should allow the fo... 
Plans to build home thrown out: PLANS to build a new three-bedroom house on land in Southampton have been thrown out. 
PICTURES: Oscars 2015 - Who was hot and who was not?: IT was a night of glitz and glamour in Hollywood at. the... 
LIVE: Saints latest news and comment: The Daily Echo brings you a new and interactive format to enjoy all the ... 
COMMENT: Referee Friend rivals ex-Southampton pair Lallana and Lovren for most unpopular man at St Mary's awar... 
Care home pensioner neglect revealed following death of former resident: THE shocking extent of the neglect su... 
Motorway set for two weeks of closures starting today: MOTORISTS are being warned to plan their journeys ahead... 
Southampton FC boss Ronald Koeman hopes extra options will mean end of the goal drought: Ronald Koeman is hopi... 
GAGGED: Children's service boss silenced over failings when three young boys died: THE MAN at the helm of chil... 
The Walking Dead: "The Distance" Review: Tensions rise as Michonne and Rick are confronted with an offer that ... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 23: Saints on this day, February 23. 
Marv's miss proves costly for Sholing: HE was the darling of the Sholing faithful at Wembley last May when he ... 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 LIVERPOOL: Mane dropped for being late: Ronald Koeman revealed Sadio Mane was dropped for the ... 
Snooker ace Jimmy in Southampton to back credit union: SNOOKER icon Jimmy White dropped into Southampton to gi... 
Sailor Moon Crystal: "Abduction, Sailor Mercury" Review: Sailor Mercury takes on the Dark Kingdom in the lates... 
Saints 0  Liverpool 2 - in pictures: After Philippe Coutinho scored for Liverpool in the opening moments, Sain... 
Look back: Bon voyage to G.I. brides: SIXTY-NINE years ago women and children laden with bags arrived in South... 
Eco-friendly community hall opens at church: VILLAGERS are celebrating the completion of an eco-friendly commu... 
AFC Totton boss Steve Riley takes positives from narrow loss at high flying Taunton: AFC TOTTON didn’t quite p... 
Elderly woman in hospital after fire in her home: AN ELDERLY woman was treated for smoke inhalation following ... 
Super-ship Britannia officially welcomed into P&amp;O fleet: TODAY saw the start of what is being billed as a new ... 
Investigation underway after woman killed by train: A WOMAN died last night after being struck by a train in H... 
GPS system is being piloted in Hampshire which helps  families track loved ones with dementia: Families in Sou... 
Antarctica research station manager gives insight into life in the South Pole: Hampshire man Tom Welsh is now ... 
VIDEO: Will Hampshire animator take home an Oscar tonight?: IT WILL be a case of David taking on the Goliaths ... 
Brian celebrates as NHS centre's milestone patient: THE 100,000th patient at a Hampshire medical centre has be... 
Massive solar farm bid back on after original plans thwarted by amphibians: A SOLAR farm is one step closer to... 
Black Sails: "XIII" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
No, we didn't get a massive ship ... 
Rodgers backs Balotelli ahead of Saints clash: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has given his full backing to... 
Immigration Street: Last ditch attempt to scrap documentary launched by unions: LAST ditch demands to scrap a ... 
Mainland will take day-to-day charge of Isle of Wight services: A FIRE boss has hailed a move that will see a ... 
Loud and live at Festival of International Music: UNCONVENTIONAL sounds of all descriptions came from an array... 
Djuricic: Liverpool game is special: Saints new boy Filip Djuricic believes the club’s style of play is made f... 
City cinema celebrating two decades with nostalgia weekend: IT HAS courted controversy, roused anger over its ... 
Saints coach Lee is part of Liverpool history: THERE will be a man in the Saints dug-out tomorrow forever syno... 
Popstar Ed Sheeran backs Hampshire teen's tribute to fallen soldiers: POP superstar Ed Sheeran is backing a fl... 
Even when goals dry up, Pelle still works hard for Saints: When it comes to goals, Graziano Pelle’s recent rec... 
PHOTOS: The shots that scooped to award for Hampshire snapper: IT is a breathtaking glimpse of sea birds as yo... 
One of the big clubs...: Tomorrow’s visitors Liverpool have always been one of the big clubs. 
VIDEO: Saints win a new army of fans - The Papua New Guinea Defence Force: SAINTS’ successes on the pitch have... 
12 Monkeys: "The Red Forest" Review: Cole must navigate an alternate reality in 2043 in order to get back to t... 
VIDEO: The frightening moments that left a police officer fearing for her life: IT was a “sickening” and “brut... 
The Americans: "Dimebag" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
Hey guys, first off, sorry this r... 
City cruise to 4-0 victory in crunch match: Winchester City gained the upper-hand in the race for second in th... 
The Jack and Triumph Show: Series Premiere Review: How is Adult Swim's new sitcom starring Jack McBrayer and T... 
Bosch: Season 1 Review: Titus Welliver stars as a hardened LAPD homicide detective in this new Amazon Original... 
Snooker ace Jimmy at Southampton leisure centre: SNOOKER legend Jimmy White will be playing pool with people i... 
Koeman defiant ahead of Liverpool clash: Ronald Koeman is expecting a very different test from Liverpool this ... 
Jailed after 'brutal attack' on female police officer caught on video: A HAMPSHIRE man has been jailed for a "... 
Prince's letter to wife of Southampton MP sells for £1,320: A LOVE letter from the future King Edward VIII to ... 
Eastleigh ready for record attendnace: Eastleigh are expecting a record attendance for their next home game. 
Decision not to charge anyone over death of neglected boy defended: THE Crown Prosecution Service has today de... 
Champions save their best to last: Romsey Town Panthers U14s 5 
Fire at sea! Airport helps seafarers stay safe: Fighting ferocious fires, rescuing injured casualties from smo... 
PHOTOS: Shirley through the ages: It's one of the busiest roads in Southampton these days - but the hustle and... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 20: Saints on this day, February 20 
New council chief vows to restore faith after £165 million shopping centre saga: A new man has been elected to... 
Sholing boss against drop back to Wessex League: DAVE Diaper will be recommending to the Sholing committee tha... 
Two and a Half Men Series Finale Review: After 12 years and over 250 episodes, Two and a Half Men came to a cl... 
Illegal immigrant forced to work as a slave in Southampton cannabis factory: AN ILLEGAL immigrant forced to wo... 
Happy birthday to you  - February 20: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
IN HIDING: Mother and step-father of boy who suffered years of abuse and neglect flee home: THE MOTHER and ste... 
Vikings: Season 3 Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Even though Vikings' Seaso... 
Sunless Sea Review: A wonderful world to explore that's packed with memorable written vignettes and danger. 
Hampshire trio get England U19 call: Promising Hampshire teenage cricket trio Mason Crane, Joe Weatherley and ... 
Tense vote sees new leader elected in Hampshire: IT HAS been a night of high tension that has seen a new leade... 
Redknapp: Saints will miss out on Champions League: Harry Redknapp doesn’t believe Saints will achieve a top f... 
Hampshire woman who suffered horrific injuries in Caribbean car crash dies: A HAMPSHIRE woman who suffered hor... 
Councillors approve budget to inject hundreds of millions of pounds into Hampshire: COUNCILLORS have this afte... 
GOSSIP: Manchester City interested in Alderweireld: A round-up of today's Saints-related transfer gossip, feat... 
Police confirm body is that of missing mum Charlene McCluskey: POLICE have confirmed this evening that the bod... 
Northerners drink more tea than people in Southampton but where is country's tea drinking capital?: Northerner... 
The Order: 1886 Review: This stylish Victorian-era adventure pays a hefty toll in strictly guiding you through... 
Cat's purr-fect photo wins national selfie competition: THIS cat has paw-sed the purr-fect selfie! 
Jewellery stolen in distraction burglary: JEWELLERY was stolen in a distraction burglary after three men offer... 
Hants renew sponsorship deal: Hampshire Cricket has renewed its sponsorship deal with Marston’s Beer Company. 
Woman knocked to the ground in Southampton attack: A WOMAN was knocked to the floor after being attacked in So... 
Fast food restaurant gets green light prompting anger from residents: A DECISION to allow two new fast food ou... 
The Valiant #3 Review: The Valiant U falls and Bloodshot and Kay bond in a slightly rushed issue. 
Learn to play like Le Tiss: He was one of the most gifted players of his generation, and Matt Le Tissier is no... 
First wave of acts announced for Blissfields festival: THE Horrors, Simian Mobile Disco, Public Service Broadc... 
Saints v Liverpool clash is too close to call for legend Case: Saints and Liverpool legend Jimmy Case doesn’t ... 
BLAKE FOWLER: Family of neglected boy who died after years of abuse bid to have criminal case reviewed: THE FA... 
Police searching for missing mum find body: POLICE searching for a Hampshire mum-of-two who has been missing f... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Arrow?: We want to know what you thought of tonight's episode and the return o... 
Kirby and the Rainbow Curse Review: Kirby and the Rainbow Curse is a brisk, gorgeous platformer that has no qu... 
UPDATE: Police hunting for missing mum find body: Police officers searching for missing Southampton mum Charle... 
What are you giving up for Lent?: With today being Ash Wednesday, we asked readers what they are giving up for Lent: 
New ship named and blessed: A VESSEL has been blessed and officially named at a special ceremony today. 
Ex-teacher guilty after hundreds of indecent images found at his home: A FORMER teacher and scout leader is fa... 
Parks and Recreation: "Two Funerals" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
This is a review... 
Police search back gardens as they step up hunt for missing Southampton mum: POLICE are today searching homes ... 
Hampshire star backing Clarke Ryder Cup captaincy: Hampshire's Justin Rose congratulated Darren Clarke after i... 
£360,000 grant to improve walkways creates new jobs: EIGHT jobs will be created and walkways and paths improve... 
Spitfires set to travel more than 900 miles in four days: Eastleigh have set dates for the three postponed Van... 
Police searching for mobile phone in hunt for missing Southampton mum: MORE searches are being carried out tod... 
Brave Hampshire schoolboy is youngest in world to suffer testicular cancer: A BRAVE Hampshire boy is thought t... 
Ralph Krueger: The Big Interview part two: Saints chairman Ralph Krueger will hold talks with owner Katharina ... 
BETRAYED: The horrific errors and abuse that led to the death of Hampshire boy: THE true story behind the horr... 
Person of Interest: "Q&amp;A" Review: Finch must make a tough decision after a face from the past reaches out to h... 
Justified: "Sounding" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
Hmph.
Getting an entire crew togeth... 
Students go top of the Sydenhams One class: TEAM Solent are top of the class in the Sydenhams Wessex Division One. 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: This week's Flash built from the... err... fallout of last week's Fire... 
McEnery makes dream debut for Rams: FORMER Winchester City wideman Mike McEnery scored on his Petersfield Town... 
Cup semi-final date set for Southampton's U21s: Saints will face Derby County in the semi-finals of the Under-... 
Blueprint on how to tackle domestic abuse in Southampton gets go-ahead: COUNCILLORS have agreed their bluepri... 
Skates on to help keep children out of trouble: IT HAS been three years in the making but a community skate pa... 
Mayor of Winchester attends table tennis club competition: CHILDREN welcomed the Mayor of Winchester for a spo... 
Fifty Shades of Grey: What is all the fuss about?: STRAIGHT after a roast dinner with the parents, it wasn’t t... 
Brown running out of time to face Ireland: Mike Brown is still suffering concussion symptoms and faces a race ... 
Hampshire accountant's aim to raise £25,000 to mark 25th fundraising year: A HAMPSHIRE accountant has announce... 
Better Call Saul: "Nacho'" Review: Better Call Saul continues to settle into itself, as Jimmy McGill's will to... 
Ageas Bowl to welcome four more Australians this summer: The Elite International Cricket Academy's 2015 intake... 
New plan to fight domestic abuse in Southampton: CITY chiefs in Southampton are set to give the green light to... 
Warning over bogus tax calls: RESIDENTS are warned to be on their guard after a spate of bogus tax calls in Fareham. 
Serious crash causes severe motorway delays: Motorists were facing major motorway delays this morning after a ... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 17: Saints on this day - Feb 17 
New row over controversial fast-food plans in town: RESIDENTS are staging a public meeting following the contr... 
Southampton chairman Krueger - The big interview: Chairman Ralph Krueger describes the changes that have taken... 
VIDEO: Police take action against bus driver in level-crossing near miss: IT was the incredible footage of a “... 
Company to create 130 new jobs in Hampshire: A COMPANY that strives to help pensioners stay in their own homes... 
Gotham: "The Blind Fortune Teller" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Cutting right to t... 
Firefighters free woman after collision: A WOMAN was freed from a car after a collision on a Hampshire road th... 
Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page to be honoured at the NME Awards: THERE will be a Whole Lotta Love for Jimmy... 
Southampton striker Long returns to training: Saints striker Shane Long has returned to training, as he contin... 
Crash causes major delays on Hampshire motorway: AN accident near a busy Hampshire motorway junction is causin... 
Christchurch chairman offers resignation: CHAIRMAN Mark Duffy has offered his resignation to the committee of ... 
Start venue for New Forest Marathon revealed: The New Forest Marathon will begin in Brockenhurst on September 13. 
Chaos both ways on Hampshire main road after series of incidents: MOTORISTS face delays in both directions of ... 
Emergency plan to be drawn up for Hampshire village: MAJOR work will be undertaken to produce an emergency pla... 
Motorist denies causing death of pensioner cyclist: A WEST End woman has appeared in court in connection with ... 
Ferry firm Wightlink Ferries sold: WIGHTLINK Ferries has been sold to an infrastructure investment fund. 
Saints midfielder so close to Old Trafford move: HE was once linked with the two most famous clubs in England. 
Explosion of colour at Goa celebration: THERE was an explosion of colour in Southampton as a city church celeb... 
Claims against Hampshire MP Caroline Nokes thrown out by judge: A JUDGE has thrown out claims made against a H... 
Thieves steal vital recovery bike from Southampton teenager cancer sufferer: A TEENAGER battling cancer has ha... 
Family set to sue Hampshire school after teenager's death: THE family of a Southampton teenager who died after... 
The Walking Dead: "Them" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Not helping The Walking Dead... 
Hill issues Eastleigh rallying call: “WE’RE still sixth, we’re still in there and we’re still fighting.” 
Pensioner airlifted to hospital after crash: AN ELDERLY man has been airlifted to hospital this afternoon afte... 
Golden Ring outgun Navy: Golden Ring overcame the might of the Royal Navy in a blockbuster Southampton show. 
Museum turns to crowdfunding for First World War project: A HAMPSHIRE museum is turning to crowdfunding for th... 
Mum makes emotional appeal for missing woman to come home: THE mother of a missing Southampton woman has made ... 
Hampshire MPs fail to block smoking ban: TWO Hampshire MPs failed in a last-gasp bid to block a ban on smoking... 
Who will cash in on £5bn Premier League deal?: THE gauntlet has been thrown down to Saints and their Premier L... 
Southampton woman faces trial over £44,000 benefit fraud allegations: A SOUTHAMPTON woman will go on trial in ... 
Scheme to build new 30-plus new homes in Hampshire village under attack: A SCHEME to build 33 homes in a Hamps... 
Hampshire charity boss invited for breakfast with Barack Obama: IT IS not every day you get to have breakfast ... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 15: Saints on this day - Feb 15 
Black Sails: "XII" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
"Fire," Flint commanded at the ver... 
Spitfires made to suffer again on home soil: EASTLEIGH 1 TORQUAY UNITED 2 
Totton slump to defeat: AFC Totton slumped to their first loss at the Testwood Stadium since early November in... 
City shop owner wins bid to sell alcohol: THE owner of a shop on a Southampton high street has won permission ... 
Hampshire sailor wins world title for record-breaking fifth time: HAMPSHIRE sailor Ian Williams has secured hi... 
Heroes look back on the Valentine's Day storms that rocked Hampshire: IT was the moment a romantic Valentine’s... 
Is 50 Shades of Grey spicing up Southampton's love lives?: VALENTINE’S DAY – a time for romance, candlelight a... 
KP returns to Hampshire as England lose World Cup opener: Kevin Pietersen is at The Ageas Bowl as England cras... 
Community favourite lollipop man retires after 25 years: FOR 25 years he has been the friendly face who has ke... 
10 best restaurants in Southampton according to TripAdvisor: WITH tomorrow being Valentine's Day, thousands of... 
Keeping Up with the Kardashians star coming to Southampton: HE’S the partner of one of the most famous women i... 
Hampshire woman who lived with seven dogs in caravan accused of failing to meet their needs: A HAMPSHIRE woman... 
Love triangle councillor calls in police over abusive message claims: A POLICE investigation has been launched... 
Winchester prodigy scores England hat-trick: Joe Marchant scored a sensational hat-trick for England U20s agai... 
Constantine: Season Finale Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Constantine, risking overe... 
The Escapists Review: There’s a reason prison breaks happen far more often in fiction than reality: these plac... 
Benedict Cumberbatch set to marry on Isle of Wight tomorrow: SUPERSTAR actor Benedict Cumberbatch will marry h... 
Hampshire cricket and Saints building closer ties...: Hampshire are developing stronger links with Saints. 
Midnight Star Review: Midnight Star seems to really want to be Halo. It's a desire that comes through in its e... 
Youngster Bevis Mugabi signs new Saints deal: Bevis Mugabi has signed a new contract with Saints. 
Hoegh Osaka could be repaired by next week: THE Hoegh Osaka could be fully repaired by next week. 
New Southampton FC contract for centre half Jason McCarthy: SAINTS have handed defender Jason McCarthy a new t... 
Flasher jailed after groping hen party guest whilst high on drink and drugs: HIGH on drink and drugs, Oliver B... 
Carberry in IPL auction: Michael Carberry will enter the 2015 Indian Premier League auction on Monday. 
Southampton's historic Wool House almost ready to open as brewhouse and pub: IT has been nearly three years in... 
Tadic: We need to stay cool in front of goal: Dusan Tadic has urged Saints to keep calm in the final third aft... 
Multi-million boost set to transform colleges' education: COLLEGES are to receive a multi-million pound boost ... 
Hospital staff win Government approval during top level visit: A GOVERNMENT minister praised hard-working hosp... 
Clyne: Confidence key to claiming top four spot: Nathaniel Clyne believes Saints’ top-four bid remains firmly ... 
Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered Review: When it originally released in late 2005, Indigo Prophecy was b... 
Firefighters battling major thatched cottage fire: FIREFIGHTERS are battling a reported thatch cottage fire in... 
Osvaldo moves to Boca Juniors: Saints striker Dani Osvaldo has completed a move to Boca Juniors after his temp... 
Uriah Heep to play Southampton on UK tour: ROCK legends Uriah Heep have today announced a UK tour this Spring ... 
The Americans: "Open House" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
Helmed by acclaimed TV direct... 
Homeless Salisbury locked out of the Ray Mac: SALISBURY’S reinvigorated football club is facing the prospect o... 
Transport bosses delay road closure amid traffic chaos fears: COUNCIL bosses have delayed partially shutting a... 
The Slap: Series Premiere Review: Eight hours. One remake. Several high-profile actors. A title that slaps you... 
Turnbull signs new contract to 2018: Saints defender Jordan Turnbull has signed a new three-and-a-half-year de... 
Date for screening of Immigration Street confirmed: THE transmission date for the controversial Immigration St... 
Elia: We must do better: Eljero Elia insisted West Ham only came to St Mary’s looking for a point, and that Sa... 
Total War: Attila Review: In the sixth year of my nomadic campaign as the Visigoths, I realized Total War: Att... 
Controversial sports facility plans approved: CONTROVERSIAL plans for a Hampshire sports facility have been gi... 
Commonwealth Games star among winners at Eastleigh Sports Awards: COMMONWEALTH Games gold medal star Kelly Sim... 
Gridlock on the roads after lorry crash on motorway: DRIVERS are facing delays of up to two hours following a ... 
Warning after 'breeding frenzy' sees four mice become 133: A PET-owner is warning others to be vigilant after ... 
Sainst young guns set sights on semi-final spot: SAINTS tonight bid for a place in the semi finals of the Prem... 
Lorry crashes into central reservation on motorway: A LORRY has crashed into the central reservation of a Hamp... 
New supermarket to bring 50 jobs to Hampshire town: WORK looks set to start next month to bring one of the bes... 
Investigation launched into Hampshire schoolgirl's death: AN investigation is underway following the sudden my... 
The 100: "Rubicon" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
It was pretty impactful seeing how Eme... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Arrow?: Tonight's Arrow saw Laurel settle into her role as the new Canary of S... 
West Ham set to appeal St Mary's red card: WEST Ham boss Sam Allardyce has said his club will appeal Adrian’s ... 
Amazing Spider-Man #14 Review: As a whole, Spider-verse may be Marvel's best attempt at an event comic in year... 
PHOTO GALLERY: Saints v West Ham: Photographs from Saints 0-0 draw against West Ham at St Mary's Stadium 
Costa Concordia captain sentenced to over 16 years' jail: The captain of the capsized Costa Concordia luxury l... 
Southampton v West Ham - updates: Updates as Saints face West Ham in tonight's Premier League contest at St Mary's. 
SteelSeries Stratus XL Controller for iOS Review: If you want an example of how far iOS controllers have come ... 
Parks and Recreation: "Pie-mary" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
This is a review of ... 
Protests in Southampton over 200 job losses at council: PROTESTORS have gathered outside Southampton's Civic C... 
Robson upsets old club Gosport: BLACKFIELD &amp; Langley roared into the Russell Cotes Cup semi-finals after pulli... 
Police launch hunt for man who groped woman in a Hampshire bar: POLICE are appealing for witnesses after a you... 
£165m city centre development in chaos after council's unlawful actions: A HIGH Court judge today struck a stu... 
Old lifeboat station replaced: A 40-YEAR-OLD lifeboat station has come down. 
Welch gives Romsey's safety bid a shot in arm: Three goals in the first 15 minutes helped Romsey to a shock 5-... 
REVIEW: Kaiser Chiefs, BIC, Bournemouth: SOME seven years since the Kaiser Chiefs had their last top 30 hit, t... 
Former Pompey boss facing extradition: The Russian former owner of Portsmouth Football Club is challenging a d... 
Do you remember these Saints wins over West Ham?: Saints welcome West Ham on Wednesday with both sides perform... 
Southampton teen 'lucky to be alive' after being hit by seven-tonne lorry: THE PARENTS of a Southampton teenag... 
Justified: "The Trash and the Snake" Review: Note: Full spoilers ahead!
OK, so Justified couldn't keep up its ... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Flash?: After months of build-up, tonight's episode of Flash finally gave us t... 
Watersiders shock Gosport in cup: BLACKFIELD &amp; Langley roared into the Russell Cotes Cup semi-finals after pul... 
Esther Rantzen delays meeting new born grandchild to attend Royal do: Hampshire TV presenter and Childline fou... 
Saints stay third in Premier League: Spurs blew the chance to leapfrog Saints and move up to third in the Prem... 
Saints set for massive cash boost after £5bn Premier League tv deal: SAINTS have been given a massive financia... 
Ant and Dec's supercomputer comes to Southampton: ANT and Dec's 'supercomputer' is set to be out talent spotti... 
Saints set for massive cash boost after £5bn Premier League tv deal: SAINTS have been given a massive financia... 
School denies bird flu rumours about pupil: THE HEADTEACHER of an Hampshire infant school has "categorically" ... 
Care home provider to create 50 new jobs in Hampshire: A HOME care provider is opening a new office in Hampshi... 
Hampshire's police and crime commissioner calls for tougher laws on legal high shops: HAMPSHIRE’S Police and C... 
OS scales heights with new logo: A SOUTHAMPTON mapmaker has marked its rebrand in style. 
50 Shades of Grey prompts warnings over ropes and chains at B&amp;Q store: A HAMPSHIRE based DIY firm has told its... 
REVIEW: United We Stand, Lighthouse, Poole: Industrial relations is a subject difficult to stage. It takes rea... 
Delays after motorway crash: DRIVERS face delays on a Hampshire motorway this morning after a collsion between... 
Spurs sensation on course to join Saints legend Le Tissier in exclusive goals club: Tottenham sensation Harry ... 
CCTV released in search for missing man: POLICE have released images of a van they hope will help them find a ... 
Southampton Parliamentary candidates quizzed by pensioners: TWO parliamentary hopefuls in Southampton were qui... 
Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate Review: After sinking 118 hours into its great predecessor in 2013, I wasn’t sure if... 
JWP: Saints have all the qualities for top four space: JAMES Ward-Prowse believes Saints possess all the quali... 
VIDEO: Take a look around Hampshire's luxury cat hotel: A HAMPSHIRE barn has been converted into a luxury hote... 
Efforts underway to learn more about secret D-Day documents found at Hampshire hotel 70 years on: EFFORTS are ... 
Follands' assistant boss Lewis hails Town class: PETERSFIELD Town now hold a six-point lead at the Sydenhams P... 
Southampton woman jailed after conning brain-damaged man out of more than £10,000: A Southampton woman has bee... 
Better Call Saul: Episode 2 Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
"We can go that way...We ... 
Gotham: "The Scarecrow" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
In almost a total flip on las... 
Delays after person hit by train in Hampshire: A PERSON has been hit by a train on a main Hampshire railway li... 
Saints U21s lose at Everton: SAINTS Under-21s slumped to a 3-1 defeat against their Everton counterparts at th... 
Hoegh Osaka leaves city port for final repairs: THE Hoegh Osaka will tomorrow leave Southampton for final repairs. 
Hori Horipad for Xbox One Review: Microsoft's Xbox One controller is an impressive work of ergonomic tech, but... 
PICTURES: Secret D-Day documents found at Hampshire hotel 70 years after being left behind: SECRET documents r... 
PowerA Spectra Controller for Xbox One Review: On the spectrum of goofy gimmicks built into game controllers, ... 
Rough seas on Volvo Ocean Race: Southampton sailor Ian Walker is all too familiar with the dangers of the Sout... 
Warning for city motorists after traffic light failure: RUSH hour motorists are being urged to use caution in ... 
VIDEO: New Saints star Eljero Elia shows off his dream car: HE’S a class act on the pitch and new Saints super... 
Southampton man scoops £92,000 on just a £2 football bet: A SOUTHAMPTON man has scooped more than £92,000 afte... 
Southampton man scoops £92,000 on just a £2 football bet: A SOUTHAMPTON man has scooped more than £92,000 afte... 
Cadnam keep on Hampshire Cup hunt: Cadnam United pulled off an unexpected 1-0 victory over Stockbridge from a ... 
Devoted grandad died weeks short of his 66th wedding anniversary: The family of a devoted grandad have paid tr... 
Leicester deny sacking ex-Saints boss Pearson: Leicester manager Nigel Pearson will lead his team into Tuesday... 
Dominant Saints get their reward and stay on course for Europe: SOUTHAMPTON'S win over QPR was no fluke - it's... 
Hunt for missing man last seen in the New Forest: POLICE are becoming increasingly concerned for the welfare o... 
School grabs share of £2bn Government cash grant:  A SOUTHAMPTON school is set to get a dramatic overhaul afte... 
She’s coming home! Echo readers and family raise enough for air ambulance: IT was the moment their prayers wer... 
The Walking Dead: Midseason Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
”It’s better now... 
Fonte: Every win cranks up pressure on our rivals: Jose Fonte believes the teams chasing Saints face “all the ... 
Team begin nearly 40 days on gruelling six day climb in aid of air ambulance: THIRTY-SEVEN hardy souls will to... 
Football stars open charity’s Saints room: FOOTBALL stars of past and present did the honours and officially o... 
Koeman optimistic over Targett's head injury: Saints are optimistic that Matt Targett has escaped any serious ... 
Family hosting ‘pug party’ for daughter’s birthday want to make it a regular event: A Hampshire family are hop... 
The National Motor Museum in Beaulieu will offer people the chance to look at old motoring equipment: A MOTOR ... 
Free talk on the unconscious mind at uni: PHILOSOPHY and the unconscious is the subject of a series of five fr... 
Fifth man in court over an alleged blackmail over club lease: A FIFTH person has appeared at Southampton Crown... 
Star Wars Rebels: "Call to Action" Review: Note: Given this episode has been available on WATCHDisneyXD for th... 
Golf centre's £1K boost to help little James walk by himself: A Daily Echo backed fund-raising campaign to pay... 
Bland enjoys fine finish in Malaysia: Southampton’s Richard Bland produced an impressive finish in the Malaysi... 
Hampshire model Lucy Pinder lands lead role in movie thriller: HAMPSHIRE model Lucy Pinder has secured a leadi... 
Take a trip inside Hampshire's nucleur bunker: Russian bombers flying over the English Channel last week spark... 
Figures suggest Hampshire families 'find work' in wake of benefits capping: ONE quarter of the people hit by t... 
Residents welcome £7m plan for leisure centre on site of former hospital: RESIDENTS have welcomed plans to bui... 
Mane thrilled with winner at QPR: Sadio Mane hailed a great team performance from Saints after firing them to ... 
Motorists are bracing themselves for nearly a month of traffic chaos on a busy main road: MOTORISTS are bracin... 
Black Sails: "XI" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Though things generally tend to slo... 
Winchester City hit Bemerton Heath for six: WINCHESTER City put two nightmare Sydenhams Premier defeats behind... 
Colourful festival to return to city: THE date of a major Southampton festival featuring music, dance and a ri... 
Girl Meets World: "Girl Meets Farkle's Choice" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode to follow.
Desp... 
Spitfires battle back for draw: Eastleigh were almost punished by Vanarama Conference strugglers AFC Telford U... 
Targett taken to hospital with head injury: Saints defender Matt Targett has been taken to hospital after he w... 
Firefighters tackle chimney blaze: FIREFIGHTERS put out a chimney blaze at Shootash near Romsey on Wednesday evening. 
Huge response to petition to stop deportation of widowed mum: THOUSANDS of people have backed a widowed mother... 
QPR v Southampton - updates: Updates as Saints take on QPR in this afternoon's Premier League contest at Loftus Road. 
Town boss claims controversial new development will curb development elsewhere: THE leader of a Hampshire coun... 
City road closed after man found laying in street with serious injuries: A CITY road is closed and cordoned of... 
Look Who's here for sci-fi convention: DR WHO is in Southampton this weekend along with a star from the hit sh... 
Woman relives terrifying supermarket sex attack: A WOMAN has told of her fear after she was sexually assaulted... 
Businessmen arrested as part of trading standards fraud probe released on bail: TWO car dealers arrested and q... 
Saints aiming for record-setting result: Matt Targett insists Saints will head to QPR today full of confidence... 
County bosses set to splash out hundreds of millions of pounds on schools and roads: HAMPSHIRE civic chiefs ar... 
Family of woman fighting for life after Caribbean car crash launch £500,000 appeal to fly her home: THE desper... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 7: Saints on this day – February 7 
Grow Home Review: In a lot of ways, Grow Home is a delight. It’s beautiful, original, fluid, and completely ch... 
Koeman: Euro qualification will help keep stars at Saints: Ronald Koeman has extra motivation for steering Sai... 
Southampton-born star settles score with Wales: MIKE Brown avenged one of the darkest days of his career as En... 
Royal visit to Hampshire dry dock: Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal viewed a Royal Navy warship from the ... 
Outcast Review: “No one goes East,” says a 12th century buzz-coifed master archer named Jacob (Star Wars' Hayd... 
Wind turbines contract creates hundreds of jobs: A JOBS boost of 200 posts in the south has been welcomed by b... 
Game of Thrones, Doctor Who and Star Trek stars coming to Southampton: SCIENCE fiction fans in Southampton wil... 
Bestival reveals theme for 2015: Bestival have revealed the theme as it returns to its roots. 
Woman forced to move home after chilling phone calls: A WOMAN and her family had to move address after her pre... 
Lions coach praises captain Viince: ENGLAND Lions coach Mark Robinson praised James Vince’s captaincy after th... 
Doctor indecently assaulted young girls: A former New Forest children's doctor has been found guilty of indece... 
CCTV released after sex attack at supermarket in Southampton: THIS is a man police would like to speak to in c... 
Bland continues Malaysia charge: Richard Bland has maintained his position in the top ten of the Malaysian Ope... 
£3m scheme to reduce amount of motorway noise: WORK has started on a multi-million pound scheme that aims to s... 
Three people taken to hospital after dishwasher catches fire: THREE people have been taken to hospital as a pr... 
VIDEO: Saints boss Ronald Koeman previews trip to Queens Park Rangers: SAINTS boss Ronald Koeman previews tomo... 
Arsonist jailed for risking the lives of elderly and vulnerable neighbours: AN ALCOHOLIC who risked the lives ... 
Tipp counting on Millers' wise old heads: CO-BOSS Andy Tipp hopes Totton &amp; Eling can get their tired limbs mov... 
‘Stop locking mental health patients in police cells’ - damning Government report urges: MENTAL health patient... 
Hill jumps at the chance to go for a Burton: THE chance to bring Jamaican World Cup star Deon Burton to Eastle... 
ARRESTED: Hampshire car dealers at the centre of a storm of complaints arrested in fraud probe: TWO second-han... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Troll Manifestation" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
For all that The... 
Vince ends Lions tour as top scorer: JAMES Vince’s England Lions lost their unbeaten record in the last game o... 
SpongeBob: Sponge Out of Water Review: As a fan of both the SpongeBob series and the first SpongeBob movie fro... 
QPR players to get 'clean slate' ahead of Saints clash: Caretaker QPR manager Chris Ramsey will offer all of t... 
Polk Striker Zx Xbox One Gaming Headset Review: Polk's brand carries a lot of weight in the audio world, but i... 
Gravity Ghost Review: Gravity Ghost is one of the oddest and most relaxing space adventures I’ve ever embarked... 
Sex attack at Co-op store in Southampton: A WOMAN has told of her fear after she was sexually assaulted by a s... 
Voting on the agenda as Shadow Education Minister Tristram Hunt MP visits college students: A LECTURE theatre ... 
Culture Minister Ed Vaizey visits Southampton's new £40million art complex: CULTURE Minister Ed Vaizey paid a ... 
Hampshire couple still nuts about each other after 60 years of marriage: HE won her over on a date by giving a... 
Major delays on Hampshire motorway after two lorries and a car involved in a crash: A CRASH involving two lorr... 
Pochettino claims Koeman inherited 'a winning team' from him at Saints: MAURICIO Pochettino has claimed he lai... 
Delays after car breaks down on major road: THERE are delays for motorists on the A31 this morning due to a br... 
Victim had knife held to his throat in terrifying gang robbery: A ROBBERY victim feared he was going to die wh... 
Return of the Living Deadpool #1 Review: Night of the Living Deadpool proved popular enough for Marvel to comm... 
Rapid rise of Saints nemesis Charlie Austin: From the Wessex League to the Premier League – the tale of QPR st... 
Urgent appeal as nearly 1,000 families are needed to house vulnerable children: MORE than 900 new foster famil... 
Saga #25 Review: Loose your flaming arrows and light those signal flares, Saga is back! Their collective batte... 
"Why didn't they listen?": Former pupils of shamed teacher found with child abuse images claim complaints abou... 
Arrow: "Uprising" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
Arrow really could have tanked without Oliver... 
Apotheon Review: Apotheon’s thin but reverential ancient Greek setting sits atop a homage to classic action-ad... 
Chaos Heroes Online Review: Sexy school girls and maids are not what I think about when I read that a game’s s... 
Hillier is champion again: Jack Hillier has been crowned Southern Counties 52-56kg youth champion for a third ... 
Cyclist hurt in high street crash: A CYCLIST has been hurt in a crash involving a car on a busy Southampton street. 
Asus ZenWatch Review: The Asus ZenWatch is the cheapest of the current Android Wear smartwatch crop, coming in... 
Rush hour delays on major Hampshire road: THERE are rush hour delays following a crash on a major Hampshire ro... 
Eastleigh eyeing record attendance: Eastleigh's new South Stand, which has been unofficially open since Decemb... 
Secrets of Winchester Cathedral mortuary chests to be revealed: WINCHESTER Cathedral officials have announced ... 
The Legend of Zelda: Majora’s Mask 3D Review: Majora’s Mask is easily the strangest, most risk-taking adventur... 
Romsey appoint Phillips replacement: Romsey Town have parted company with head coach James Phillips and prompt... 
Huge £876 million jobs boost for Hampshire: AN £876 million investment - the biggest ever into the local econo... 
Benali's Big Run to conclude with gala dinner: Saints legend Francis Benali will host a gala dinner at St Mary... 
VIDEO: Pedestrian hurt in car crash outside school in Southampton: A WOMAN has been hit by a car close a Hamps... 
Disgraced former MP given pass to Commons: Disgraced former MP and Cabinet minister Chris Huhne has been hande... 
Sherwood favourite for QPR job: Saints’ opponents this weekend, QPR, have named Les Ferdinand as their directo... 
Five due in court after being charged over string of burglaries: FIVE men are due to appear in court today in ... 
Saints' worst winter transfer window signings of all time: The winter transfer window quite often results in s... 
Farmers fear further culls after 10,000 chicken slaughtered amid bird flu outbreak: FARMERS have told of their... 
Up to 200 new jobs up for grabs at new hotel: TWO hundred jobs are up for grabs as a controversial hotel at th... 
Hampshire MPs split over controversial gene therapy to stop incurable diseases being passed on to babies: HAMP... 
Person of Interest: "M.I.A." Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
A big, high-concept POI ... 
City teacher's child porn shame: A LONG-serving teacher has narrowly avoided prison after sickening images of ... 
Marvel's Agent Carter: "The Iron Ceiling" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow. 
The best Agent ... 
Fresh Off the Boat: Series Premiere Review: In ABC's new comedy Fresh Off the Boat, debuting Wednesday night, ... 
Totton &amp; Eling FC produce seismic Wessex League shock against Winchester: TOTTON &amp; Eling generated a Sydenhams... 
First Redknapp, now Hoddle quits Queens Park Rangers ahead of Saints' visit: A second former Saints manager ha... 
Jupiter Ascending Review: Jupiter Ascending marks an impressive, if clunky, entry in the Wachowski siblings' e... 
'Like a death sentence' - says woman demanding apology after catching hepatitis C from a blood transfusion: IT... 
TV presenter in snowball 'attack' live on air: A TV journalist has been described as being as ''cool as a cucu... 
Pike submits CV for Shots job: GOSPORT Borough boss Alex Pike has revealed an interest in the vacant manager’s... 
Drug user overdosed on heroin and strong beer: A SOUTHAMPTON drug user died after overdosing on a combination ... 
Harry Redknapp quits QPR ahead of Southampton match: Harry Redknapp has resigned as manager of QPR just days b... 
Residents protest against £10m plan for housing elderly: CRUNCH time is looming for a controversial £10 millio... 
Plan for homes in Fair Oak approved: PLANS for the first phase of a 330-home development in rural Hampshire ha... 
Man jailed over counterfeit cash: A SOUTHAMPTON man has been jailed for 12 months over counterfeit cash he pas... 
Tree fall blocks road: Motorists were delayed after a tree fell and blocked a road in Hampshire. 
Millbrook's 'Bridge of highs: Millbrook continued their chase for the Snows Group Hampshire 1 promotion pack w... 
Drivers given warning by police after spate of accidents: Police in the New Forest are urging drivers to avoid... 
Masters: We must learn to stay disciplined: PAUL Masters says Winchester City have got to “learn” from an ill-... 
First glimpse at one of Hampshire's most controversial developments: THIS is what the first phase of the contr... 
Man jailed for circulating fake bank notes: A SOUTHAMPTON man has been jailed for 12 months over counterfeit c... 
Game of Thrones Episode 2: The Lost Lords Review: Game of Thrones Episode 2: Lost Lords moves quickly through ... 
DUMPED DOGS: Cash appeal for poorly poodle-cross ‘Dave’: ONE of the nine dogs found dumped in the countryside ... 
Support for head teacher who gave kids nightmares by making them watch Michael Jackson's Thriller: PARENTS hav... 
Why Tadic is delighted that Saints have signed his Serbian colleague Djuricic: Dusan Tadic has welcomed the de... 
Gotham: "The Fearsome Dr. Crane" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
An improved Gotham t... 
Saints swoop for Bertrand deal: Saints have completed the permanent signing of left back Ryan Bertrand on a fo... 
Gallagher makes comeback: Sam Gallagher made his long awaited return from injury as Saints under-21s were beat... 
Life is Strange: Episode 1 Review: Aside from its poor dialogue, Life is Strange reminds me most of a Rob Thom... 
Bird flu outbreak at Hampshire farm: AN OUTBREAK of bird flu is being investigated at a farm in Hampshire. 
VIDEO: Koeman on Djuricic signing: Ronald Koeman has spoken to the official Saints YouTube channel after captu... 
Ex-Hants all-rounder in Ageas Bowl return: Former Hampshire all-rounder Alex Morris will be cycling to the Age... 
Hundreds of jobs at risk in latest round of council cutbacks: THREE hundred jobs could be lost at Southampton ... 
Pensioner punched in early morning attack: A WITNESS appeal has been launched after a Hampshire pensioner was ... 
Missing teen found: A TEENAGER who went missing over the festive period has been found. 
Dragons' Den reject lands Harrods deal: A YEAR after he was rejected by heavyweight investors, a Hampshire bus... 
The Blacklist: Midseason Premiere Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
The James Spader Show is... 
Alresford rugby club comes home with new £250,000 ground: IT was a day of tries, conversions, and the odd tap-tackle. 
COMMENT: Frustrating defeat means Koeman must bring in fresh blood today: A highly frustrating afternoon under... 
Second earthquake hits Hampshire in five days: Hampshire has been rocked by its second earthquake in just five days. 
Game of Thrones Episode 2: The Lost Lords Review: Game of Thrones Episode 2: Lost Lords moves quickly through ... 
Main road shut after coach hits poilce car: One of the south's major routes has been closed after a coach hit ... 
Michael Jackson's Thriller leaves school pupils with nightmares: IT was supposed to be part of their education... 
Former Eastleigh striker blows Conference South title race wide open: FORMER Eastleigh and Winchester City str... 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: "Serpent Hunt" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode to follow.
TMNT h... 
Koeman disputes Bertrand red card: Ronald Koeman was adamant that referee Michael Oliver made a mistake by sen... 
Southampton v Swansea - updates!: Updates as Saints take on Swansea in this afternoon's Premier League match a... 
Southampton Bangladeshis campaign against Sheikh Hasina: PRO-DEMOCRACY campaigners marched through Southampton... 
Driver caught playing games on phone as police launch crackdown: Hampshire police have launched a major crackd... 
Underdogs to face Stoneham in cup semis: Cadnam have been drawn against AFC Stoneham in the semi final of the ... 
£10k payout for cruise ship passenger after sickness bug: A WOMAN whose luxury cruise was ruined by a gastric ... 
Sleet, snow and ice warning issued by Met Office: A WEATHER warning of sleet, ice and snow has been issued for... 
Hants ace remains unbeaten as England captain: James Vince maintained his unbeaten record as captain of the En... 
Ron: Saints must defend better - or they won't win again this season: Ronald Koeman has told his side they won... 
Russian bomber intercepted by fighter jets off Southampton was carrying nuclear weapons: ONE of the Russian bo... 
Missing mum-of-four had been 'attacked round head and neck': A post-mortem on the body of a woman, believed to... 
Cash boost for councils to avert care crisis: HAMPSHIRE councils have been handed a near-£1m cash injection am... 
Radio 1 DJ Matt Edmondson hungry to help £1m appeal: HAMPSHIRE-born BBC Radio 1 presenter Matt Edmondson has s... 
Saints' remaining league games - part one: SWEET sixteen. 
Train death of footballer was a tragic accident: A POPULAR Southampton footballer died after he was hit by a t... 
Black Sails: "X" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Another wickedly satisfying Black Sa... 
Sholing 1 Cinderford 0: Miller the hero as Boatmen celebrate: DAN MILLER was the Sholing hero as they celebrat... 
Ladder fall man rushed to hospital by helicopter: A MAN has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a la... 
Traffic misery in Southampton as traffic lights fail: TRAFFIC was once again at a standstill in Southampton to... 
Mystery woman comes forward in football fan's search for love: A GIRL has come forward as the mystery lady fea... 
Full support from partner for Chris Evans in cancer battle: A BUSINESSMAN has vowed to support Chris Evans aft... 
Saints stars in Hollywood blockbusters - in pictures: IMAGINE a world where Saints players were not only celeb... 
Southampton protests on streets of London over Immigration Street: “THE people of Southampton are standing up ... 
Drive-in movies coming to Southampton's stadium: SAINTS’ rise from bankruptcy to the verge of Champions League... 
Further postponement frustration for Eastleigh's as Kidderminster match called off: Eastleigh's Vanarama Confe... 
International duo set to return for Saints: Saints will have Sadio Mane and Maya Yoshida available for tomorro... 
Mass Hampshire cycling event cancelled due to snow: A mass cycling event due to be held in Hampshire today has... 
Controversial reality show makers reveal series shorter than hoped: TV BOSSES who have refused to axe a contro... 
12 Monkeys: "Cassandra Complex" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
This week, Cole fought tim... 
Keeping pigeons slowly killed grandad: A HAMPSHIRE grandad has died after suffering from a pigeon allergy. 
Constantine: "A Whole World Out There" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
In the Hellbla... 
Supreme League of Patriots Review: Deconstructing superhero mythology can be a joyful way of both celebrating ... 
Busy Hampshire road closed after pedestrian hit by car: A BUSY Hampshire main road will be closed into the eve... 
Cork seals Swansea switch: Saints midfielder Jack Cork has completed his move to Swansea, the club have confirmed. 
Wild Card Review: As a remake of the 1987 Burt Reynolds action-thriller Heat (which itself was based on a nove... 
Chris Evans reveals Cancer tests: Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has told listeners he is ''in the middle of the tests... 
Saints expect Cork departure after contract rejection: Saints are resigned to losing Jack Cork in January afte... 
Lego plane lands at Southampton Airport: PASSENGERS flying out of Southampton got a glimpse of a plane with a ... 
Hit-and-run drivers slammed after leaving animals in agony: GUARDIANS of the New Forest have condemned hit-and... 
QPR boss Redknapp rules out signing Saints flop Dani Osvaldo on loan: HARRY Redknapp today ruled out the prosp... 
Give motorists a break: What is Southampton City Council planning department playing at? We already have long ... 
Bank card scam warning in Southampton: VULNERABLE residents have been warned to be vigilant after an 86-year-o... 
Irish mascot's 'spare ribs' social media message for Saints star Shane Long: THE Football Association of Irela... 
Chancellor unveil £100m investment in Portsmouth: Chancellor George Osborne has outlined his strategy to make ... 
Russian bombers flying near Southampton 'linked to Litvinenko inquiry': A former RAF pilot has suggested the p... 
Plan to turn closed pub into a house: A POPULAR watering hole could be turned in to homes after being left sta... 
Workman saved from 11,000 volt electrocution after being hit by a plank of wood: A workman saved a friend from... 
One Pell of a good signing for Eastleigh: RICHARD Hill is a long-time admirer of Eastleigh’s new 6ft 4in centr... 
Slippery otters scupper plans for new car wash: THEY are the slippery little creatures that got the owners of ... 
DUMPED DOGS: Finding owner could take months: “WE will be looking for months and months – we want to get to th... 
Brook aim to cross the Bridge: Millbrook want to widen the gap between themselves and fourth-placed Fordingbri... 
The Big Bang Theory: "The Anxiety Optimization" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
One of the runn... 
Priory to get Pericard let-off?: CHRISTCHURCH boss Adie Arnold insists Moneyfields will present formidable opp... 
Spilled luggage causes major traffic delays: MOTORISTS were caught in tailbacks on a busy dual carriageway ton... 
Project Almanac Review: Project Almanac, the Michael Bay-produced found footage time travel movie from directo... 
Confusion over Djuricic 'deal': Confusion surrounds a possible Saints move for attacking midfielder Filip Djuricic. 
James Bay announced to play this year's Isle of Wight Festival: THE Isle of Wight Festival today announces tha... 
Eastleigh sign Pell: Eastleigh have signed  Harry Pell from AFC Wimbledon on a permanent deal after the midfie... 
Chancellor George Osborne tours Southampton business to announce £27m funding boost for city: CHANCELLOR Georg... 
Gang of fraudsters targeting elderly for bank cards: A GANG of fraudsters are targeting vulnerable elderly peo... 
Swans eye Cork move: Saints are bracing themselves for an approach from Swansea for midfielder Jack Cork. 
Send in a selfie in aid of The Haven: “DRINK, dunk, donate and snap it!” 
Motorbike spotted engulfed in flames: FIREFIGHTERS were called into action after a motorbike was spotted engul... 
Saints Youth Cup date set: Saints’ FA Youth Cup fifth round tie with Leicester will take place on Thursday, Fe... 
Burglars flee with jewellery and a television in house raid: BURGLARS raided a home in Southampton, stealing j... 
Thugs beat dog walker and rob him of £200: A DOG-walker was kicked in the stomach and robbed by a gang of thugs. 
Saints fans might complain about MotD running orders - but Sunderland supporters have longest to wait!: SAINTS... 
Motorcyclist hurt at motorway sliproad: A MOTORCYCLIST is being treated after falling from their bike at the j... 
Hampshire escapes the worst of it - but forecasters say the threat of snow still remains: HAMPSHIRE escaped th... 
Airplane fire scare at Southampton Airport: AN aeroplane was forced to make an emergency landing at Southampto... 
Thor #4 Review: Ever since the new Thor first picked up Mjolnir, fans have wondered how the enchanted hammer's... 
Mum makes emotional plea for future of threatened pub: AN EMOTIONAL mum told a public inquiry into the future ... 
Suicidal multiple sclerosis sufferer threw herself into Hampshire river after begging to be admitted to hospit... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Arrow?: Things in Starling City continued to heat up in this week's Arrow. Eve... 
Chancellor George Osborne visiting county to unveil  £27million road boost: HAMPSHIRE is set for a £27m boost ... 
Aeroplane fire scare at Southampton Airport: AN aeroplane was forced to make an emergency landing at Southampt... 
Hampshire star maintains perfect record as England captain: James Vince made 99 in his second game as England ... 
Falling tree crushes cars in Hampshire park: SEVERAL cars were crushed when a tree dramatically crashed to the... 
The Witcher Battle Arena Review: It’s 25 minutes into a match of The Witcher Battle Arena when I realize it sh... 
Pushchair posted for sale on Ebay by demoralised Southampton dad is sold: A CHILDREN'S pushchair which shot Ha... 
Hants star is out for 99: James Vince made 99 in his second game as England Lions captain. 
American Horror Story: Freak Show Season Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the AHS: Freak Show season follow.... 
Road blocked by fallen tree: A FALLEN tree has blocked a Hampshire road. 
Koeman welcomes Figo's FIFA bid: Saints manager Ronald Koeman has welcomed Luis Figo’s bid to become president... 
Concerns grow for missing teenager: POLICE are appealing for help to find a missing teenager. 
Hunt after burglars target elderly couple: POLICE have launched an appeal after an elderly couple - in their 8... 
Countess of Wessex to open new young adult heart unit at Southampton General Hospital: SOUTHAMPTON General Hos... 
Saints playing their part as English clubs dominate international transfer market: England is dominating the i... 
Snow alert issued for Hampshire: A SNOW alert has been issued for Hampshire as temperatures will plunge later today. 
Why qualifying for Europe is a huge brain teaser for Saints boss Ronald Koeman: It’s a brain teaser. 
City centre shop worker robbed at knifepoint: A SOUTHAMPTON tobacco shop worker was threatened at knife point ... 
Two arrested after police drugs raid: TWO people have been arrested after police executed a drugs warrant in a... 
Justified: "Cash Game" Review: Note: Full spoilers below!
Was that it? Did the premiere just need to do away w... 
'Spare him jail' - a dying mum's plea after junkie son steals from her to buy drugs: A JUDGE extended the hand... 
Marvel's Agent Carter: "The Blitzkrieg Button" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
First off, ... 
Graphic Novel Review: Henshin: A few years ago, Ken Niimura co-created a lovely limited series called I Kill G... 
Blackfield denied at the death: A LAST-DITCH leveller denied Blackfield &amp; Langley the chance to leapfrog Winch... 
Samsung Galaxy Alpha Review: Released last fall, the Galaxy Alpha is Samsung's move away from its stubborn ins... 
Justice League: Throne of Atlantis Review: Justice League: War kicked off the New 52 version of the DC Animate... 
Did you feel the earth move? Hampshire residents report a tremour this evening: HAMPSHIRE villagers tonight re... 
Healthcare staff strike called off: PLANNED strikes by Hampshire health workers in a row over pay have been su... 
Anniversary year Great South Run launched: The Great South Run, the region's premier running event, launched i... 
CCTV images released in hunt for thugs who carried out Boxing Day assaults: POLICE hunting thugs who attacked ... 
VIDEO: Total Wipeout style aqua assault course to make waves in New Forest: A NEW aqua assault course similar ... 
Teens more like to smoke in Southampton and Hampshire than in other parts of the country: TEENAGERS are more l... 
Updates from the public inquiry over the future of a threatened Southampton pub: LIVE updates from a public in... 
Driver suffers head injury after car was shot at with a ball bearing gun: A MOTORIST was left with a head inju... 
RUMOUR MILL, January 27: Koeman chasing Feyenoord midfielder: A round-up of today's transfer gossip, including... 
Fire crews called to Southampton retail store: FIREFIGHTERS have been called to a Southampton store this morning. 
B&amp;Q to be torn down and replaced with 500 student flats:  A DIY RETAIL store in Southampton could be torn down... 
Decision time for Cork: Jack Cork is facing a career defining week as he decides whether to sign another contr... 
Hoegh Osaka: Preparations underway to unload luxury car cargo: EXPERTS are today (Tuesday) preparing to finall... 
Grim Fandango Remastered Review: Playing classic point-and-click adventure Grim Fandango again is like seeing ... 
Mum admitts child neglect after social services find baby in soiled nappy and urine soaked bed: A MUM was more... 
Dying Light Review in Progress: 
The first few seconds of Dying Light set the tone for the early hours of the ... 
Davis: Cup defeat can give us the 'kick up the backside' we need: Steven Davis believes Saints’ FA Cup exit co... 
Hunt for sex attacker after woman assaulted: POLICE are hunting a man who indecently assaulted a woman as she ... 
Candles to be lit in Hampshire to honour millions who died in concentration camps: HUNDREDS of people from acr... 
The end is nigh for Hampshire sailors: Hampshire sailors on the round the world Volvo Ocean Race are locked in... 
Boyhood Blu-ray Review: Boyhood is now available on Blu-ray and DVD.
One can’t deny the ambition of Richard Li... 
Hampshire teenager, 17, left letters for loved ones before he was found dead: A Hampshire teenager left letter... 
DUMPED DOGS: "She's got a twinkle in her eye again": “SHE has got a twinkle in her eye again” - One of the nin... 
Hooiveld completes Millwall switch: Saints defender Jos Hooiveld has joined Millwall on loan for the remainder... 
Charity concert for dad who lost limbs to flesh eating bug: A CHARITY concert in aid of a Stockbridge man who ... 
City MP bids to put a halt to fracking plans: A Hampshire MP will today launch a twin-pronged bid to slam the ... 
Ex-Hants star signs for Northants: Former Hampshire star Shahid Afridi has signed for Northamptonshire. 
Conman steals large amount of cash from elderly couple by pretending to be from a bank: A FRAUDSTER conned an ... 
A house divided...: CITY council planners have approved plans to divide a house in Portsmouth Road, Southampto... 
Prime Minister David Cameron in Hampshire: THE Prime Minister is in Hampshire today delivering a keynote speec... 
Hampshire beauty misses out on Miss Universe crown: HAMPSHIRE beauty queen Grace Levy has missed out on winnin... 
RUMOUR MILL, January 26 - Jos Hooiveld to be reunited with ex-Saints mate at Millwall: SAINTS defender Jos Hoo... 
Man high on heroin drove at high speeds in a car with only three wheels: A MAN who was high on heroin and drov... 
Hampshire rapper to realise dream by sharing a stage with Professor Green: CHART-smashing hip-hop star Profess... 
Hampshire woman fights for life are car crash in the Caribbean: A HAMPSHIRE woman is fighting for her life in ... 
£20m United target Clyne to decide future at end of season: Nathaniel Clyne says contract negotiations will co... 
Galavant: Season Finale Review: Looking for our review of the first of the two Galavant episodes that aired th... 
Hampshire star calls for t20 restructure: Michael Carberry has become the latest high-profile player to call f... 
Boro duo bash the Bishop: GOSPORT Borough’s dynamic duo of Justin Bennett and Matt Paterson were on target yet... 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: "Return to New York" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode to follow.
... 
Hampshire window cleaner kisses date on Take Me Out - but the romance is over already: MILLIONS of viewers wat... 
COMMENT: Why Saints fans are wrong if they say 'at least we can now concentrate on the league': NO Saints fan ... 
Love-struck football fan's Twitter plea to find girl on train goes viral: THEY say love moves in mysterious wa... 
Gosport MP Caroline Dinenage leads school democracy class: A HAMPSHIRE MP looked to inspire schoolchildren wit... 
DUMPED DOGS: Critical few hours of mum of abadoned dogs: THE mother of a litter of dogs abandoned in appalling... 
EDL holds protest at a meeting of Muslim groups over planned community centre: POLICE spent the night patrolli... 
Motorist killed after crash involving a car and a lorry: A MOTORIST was killed in a crash involving a car and ... 
Blaze destroys 10ft motorboat: A BLAZE completely destroyed a boat docked in Southampton. 
Daily Echo investigation: The taxing issue of testimonials: THE testimonial match or benefit season for footba... 
Black Sails: Season 2 Premiere Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Black Sails returned t... 
Totton beat Wantage to make it five wins in a row: AFC TOTTON continued to enjoy a happy New Year by beating S... 
Glitzy benefit night for Hampshire captain Jimmy Adams: THERE was a huge turnout as Hampshire captain Jimmy Ad... 
Get fit at a health walking club: PEOPLE in Southampton will have the chance to boost their health on a scenic... 
Fans flock from far and wide for Southampton's FA Cup clash with Crystal Palace: FANS have flocked from far an... 
Dramatic rescue in the Solent: LIFEBOAT crews have been involved in a dramatic rescue after a boat capsized in... 
Tributes after student falls to their death from high rise flats: TRIBUTES have been paid to a student who fel... 
BUSTED: Man jailed and another on the run as car smuggling plot out of Southampton Docks is foiled: THEY were ... 
Bark to life! Hero firefighter revives 'dead' dog rescued from burning house: A HAMPSHIRE firefighter is being... 
DUMPED DOGS: One of the nine neglected dogs is fighting for its life: ONE of the nine neglected dogs dumped in... 
FA Cup hasn't lost its magic: The FA Cup is upon us again and a full house today at St Mary’s says it all. 
Constantine: "Quid Pro Quo" Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
This week's Constantine e... 
Graphic Novel Review: Starlight: As far as creator owned books go, few can match the sheer volume and success ... 
Missing Hampshire dad is found: A MAN missing from his Hampshire home since this morning has been found, his w... 
Trio appear in court accused of using bogus Government websites in £30million fraud: THREE Hampshire residents... 
Mortdecai Review: Johnny Depp's new comedy Mortdecai isn't quite the utter disaster the promos suggest, but it... 
Armed police descend on Southampton street: ARMED police descended on a Southampton community in the hunt for ... 
COMMENT: Saints keen to avoid dated replays: Saints will be hoping to avoid another replay when they return to... 
Grey Goo Review: My first spoonfulls of Grey Goo were surprisingly tasty. I hadn’t realized how hungry I was f... 
'I hope you are left for dead after being raped' - the chilling message to Hampshire MP: ROMSEY MP Caroline No... 
NHS workers to strike over ongoing pay dispute: THOUSANDS of NHS workers are set to walk out as part of an ong... 
DOG APPEAL: Donations come flying in the hunt for culprit who dumped nine dogs: GENEROUS Daily Echo readers we... 
Yoshida suffers early Asian Cup exit: Saints defender Maya Yoshida could be back for next week’s Premier Leagu... 
DOGS APPEAL: How you can help in the hunt for owner of the nine dumped dogs: THE Daily Echo has launched a "re... 
Romsey starlet gets England U19 call-up: Hampshire cricketer Katie George has been named on the Under-19s Engl... 
Photographs capture winter scenes across Hampshire: THESE photographs have captured winter scenes across Hamps... 
Woman fights for life after Hampshire lorry crash: A WOMAN is today fighting for life following a serious cras... 
Ex-Saint Pardew determined to take the FA Cup seriously: Alan Pardew insists he did not dismiss the FA Cup dur... 
Passengers warned ahead of major timetable shakeup: A bus operator has announced timetable changes to its serv... 
Study shows Hampshire's workers do not feel up to the job: NEW research has revealed has nearly half of worker... 
Give blood and save a life: PEOPLE are urged to save a life by giving blood at Portchester Community Centre. 
The Boy Next Door Review: “If you had my love and I gave you all my trust, would you turn into a crazy stalker... 
Koeman gives Cork Saints contract deadline: Ronald Koeman is hoping to settle the futures of a raft of star pl... 
BREAKING: Government and bosses praise Hoegh Osaka recovery: The Government has tonight praised those who have... 
Mayuka scores for Zambia but goes off injured as they lose to Tunisia: Emmanuel Mayuka had an eventful afterno... 
Another ship is stranded in Southampton water: WHILST all eyes have been on the Hoegh Osaka another ship has b... 
Crackdown on drivers using mobiles while behind the wheel: HAMPSHIRE police are launching a major crackdown on... 
FIND THE OWNER: "Reward" to track down Britain's most wanted dog owner: THE Daily Echo has today launched a "r... 
Backstrom: Series Premiere Review: It's a damn shame Rainn Wilson chose Backstrom as his followup to The Offic... 
Koeman to field strong side for FA Cup tie against Pardew's Crystal Palace: Saints will field a strong team fo... 
VIDEO: Abandoned dogs were a mum and her eight puppies: THE dogs dumped in an appalling condition were a litte... 
Carberry in MCC squad with Alastair Cook: Hampshire captain Michael Carberry and England Test captain Alastair... 
Traffic chiefs approve charter to reduce impact of mass cycling events: CIVIC chiefs have today approved a new... 
Owners of dogs dumped in an appalling condition urged to come forward: “DO the decent thing" - Those are the w... 
Vince: "It's a huge honour to captain England Lions": James Vince admits it was a "huge honour" to be asked to... 
Police investigation after body found on Hampshire beach: POLICE have launched an investigation after a body w... 
Former Saints ace James Beattie desperate to get back into management after colourful spell at Accrington: For... 
Trade slump fears over road closure for New Forest bridge repairs: TRADERS have hit out at plans to close a ke... 
LIVE REVIEW: Gerard Way at the O2 Guildhall Southampton: MY Chemical Romance may be no more but their legacy l... 
Residents forced out by rat invasion: VULNERABLE youngsters were put up in a hotel for a month after being for... 
Parishioners return to the fold as vicar whose divorce sparked fall-out retires: HAMPSHIRE villagers are comin... 
American Horror Story: Freak Show Season Finale Review: Warning: Full spoilers for the episode follow...
Since... 
What Did You Think of Tonight's Arrow?: Arrow returned from its mid-season hiatus tonight, and big things are ... 
Young Saints beat Everton in FA Youth Cup: Saints U18s are through to the fifth round of the FA Youth Cup afte... 
Saints Row IV: Gat Out of Hell Review: Where some games portray Hell as a place of eternal torment, Saints Row... 
Government to review controversial windfarm plans: THE controversial Navitus Bay wind farm planned for the Ham... 
Ex-Spitfire Gray assists at Aldershot: MATT Gray, formerly Ian Baird's right-hand man at Eastleigh, has been i... 
Burning desire to resurrect New Forest customs: VOLUNTEERS in the New Forest are reviving ancient customs such... 
Sales soar with dream team at full speed: A HAMPSHIRE car dealership smashed its sales targets to top off a fa... 
Taxi driver attacked in his car at Hampshire supermarket: POLICE have released photographs of three men they w... 
Hants stars in cut battle: RICHARD Bland and Sam Hutsby have work to do if they want to make the cut at the Co... 
Hoegh Osaka: Vessel to be uprighted in the next few hours: Salvage crews expect to have eased the giant car tr... 
Carbs &amp; KP face one ball between them -  but are set for semi-final clash: HAMPSHIRE signing Yasir Arafat bowl... 
Project will help young disabled people to get active: DISABLED youngsters in Southampton can try out a range ... 
Saints match moved for live TV screening: Saints’ match away to Chelsea has been switched for live TV screening. 
Tickets go on sale for Southampton's Common People festival: TICKETS have gone on sale this morning for a new ... 
Delays after city pile-up: MOTORISTS in Southampton are facing delays this morning after a three-vehicle pile-... 
Could Saints be just nine wins away from Champions League football?: Saints could need as few as nine wins fro... 
New rules could see cheaper rail tickets minutes before boarding a train: RAIL passengers in Hampshire will be... 
Plans for new sewage network to cope with 1,400 new homes: PLANS for a new sewage network to cope with 1,400 n... 
Could letter to Southampton hold a dramatic clue in hit TV drama?: A LETTER posted to Southampton could be the... 
Justified: Season 6 Premiere Review: Note: Full spoilers for the Justified: Season 6 premiere follow. 
Here we... 
Follands fire title reminder: FOLLAND Sports threw their hat back into the Sydenhams Premier title ring with a... 
The Flash: "Revenge of the Rogues" Review: Warning: full episode spoilers follow.
The Flash wrapped up 2014 wi... 
Traffic lights plans given green light to end traffic misery: PLANS to install traffic lights on three of four... 
Stratford game off: AFC TOTTON have been frozen out of Southern One South &amp; West action tonight. 
VIDEO: The Vaccines announce Hampshire show: INDIE rockers The Vaccines have announced a show in Hampshire in April. 
Coach firm invests more than £2m into its frontline fleet: A COACH firm has got off to a great start in 2015 b... 
RUMOUR MILL, January 20 - Clyne linked to Liverpool: The Daily Echo brings you a round-up of the transfer stor... 
Fears for birds stolen in shed raid: THIEVES have stolen 28 birds from a back garden. 
Fake 'buyer' steals Audi RS4 after test drive: Residents have been warned to be on their guard after a driver ... 
I've finally set my demons free: Find out how a metal grinder and flamethrower helped one Hampshire mum deal w... 
Winch put Old Boys in their place: No quarter was given as the top three rugby teams battled on for London 2 S... 
Fuel theft at service station: POLICE are looking for a motorist involved in a drive-off theft at Rownhams Services. 
Sleepy Hollow: "Pittura Infamante" Review: Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
The creative powers beh... 
Birthday on board for Fisher: SOUTHAMPTON sailor Simon Fisher will be thinking of his family as he celebrates ... 
12 Monkeys: Episode 2 Review: Note: Since this episode is already available online to cable subscribers via On... 
Flybe passengers grounded for more than 11 hours: Passengers were grounded for more than 11 hours last night a... 
Actress Anne Kirkbride, who played Deirdre Barlow in Coronation Street since 1972, has died.: ACTRESS Anne Kir... 
Findlay is king of the Castle: WINCHESTER Castle’s Stuart Findlay has become the third Hampshire Premier Leagu... 
Star Wars Rebels: "Idiot's Array" Review: Note: Given this episode has been available on WATCHDisneyXD and iTu... 
Still sharp at 100 years old: HE is still one of the sharpest minds out there and beats his son at crunching n... 
Queues at St Mary's for FA Cup tickets: Saints’ FA Cup fourth-round tie against Crystal Palace is heading for ... 
Facebook campaign launched to save county council's Culture-all Passport scheme: A SUCCESSFUL and popular sche... 
Teenager fighting for life after road crash: A TEENAGER is fighting for his life after he was involved in a se... 
Mane a sub for Senegal's AFCON opener: Sadio Mane has been named among the substitutes for Senegal’s opening g... 
Resident Evil Review: As I creep though the familiar-yet-eerie corridors of Resident Evil, I can't help but fe... 
Hampshire hovercraft's biggest vessel in years to patrol Yellow Sea: A SOUTHAMPTON firm has manufactured the b... 
Join action club for Warren Crescent clean-up: A COMMUNITY gardening team next meets in Shirley, Southampton, ... 
Call to use recycling centre responsibly: Colden Common residents are being urged to use the village recycling... 
Six men charged with rape of young woman in Southampton: SIX MEN have been charged with rape of a young woman ... 
Southampton 'not bidding for Clipper race': SOUTHAMPTON council bosses will not be bidding to host one of the ... 
Search resumes for missing man: POLICE and volunteers are set to resume a full scale search for missing Poole ... 
Koeman: Discipline the key to getting the best out of Elia: Ronald Koeman believes Eljero Elia is already reap... 
Delays in cancer treatment slammed: DELAYS in starting life-saving treatment for cancer patients in Southampto... 
Galavant: "Dungeons and Dragons Lady" Review: Looking for our review of the first of the two Galavant episodes... 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: "Vision Quest" Review: Warning: Full spoilers from the episode to follow.
Now we... 
