Happy Mothers Day to me, because according to the guy I cut off today in traffic, I'm a "Mother Fucker"
Love ya, ma 
Kangaroos did 9/11
Kangaroos killed JFK
Sometimes I have no fucking idea what I'm doing, but I think that's a good thing
Homophobia (w/DAVID DOBRIK, Matt King, J.Cyrus, Carly Incontro &amp; erin gilfoy) 
Another "song" that I made. Give it a listen if you want, or if you got nothing better to do 
I'm not saying that little girls on the Internet are creepy, I'm saying that I really want to get restraining orders for most of them
A woman asked me to fix her car today and I was like "OMG that's sexist as fuck it's 2015 we have a black president now jeez"
"Mom, do we have any tampons"
"Just use the hot dogs in the cabinet"
"K cool"
"Wait, aren't you a boy?"
*grabs hot dogs and runs away
I used to work at a Subway, but got fired for not making sandwiches quick enough. I now make 6 second videos. The irony does not escape me
I low-key hate myself
Going for a walk 
@BJCalvillo it's *ur, you fuking idoit
The grass is always greener on the other side, unless you're fucking dog shit on my lawn again
Don't do the pot, kids. Do black-tar heroin like an adult, you'll be way cooler among your peers #roldemodel
I'm at the gym right now with a hangover. This is like trying to escape quicksand without arms
"What if we put pine cones and leaves in a vase and sold it for a ridiculous price?"

"People would never buy that" 
Why do Uber drivers have candy in their cars? Do they think someone will say "Wait, you don't have any Starbursts?! Fuck this, I'm walking!
There's hope for everyone out there.....except for you. You're hopeless and I hate you
Even my therapist is like "yeah dude, you're fucked up, you should get help"
When you're a teen, your brain is developing more than it ever will, so obviously you should destroy it with drugs/booze/Twitter #rolemodel
"Bro, can I borrow some money?"
"I just gave you money last week?"
"Yeah but this time it's important"
"Did you run outta weed?"
".....yeah"
.@chrisbrown is @MusicChoicePlay's icon. Tune in on May 5 at 8pm EST. Share your fav story #MCIcon #MCparter 
This is one of the greatest Vines of all time. Bravo, Mr. Gosling 
I just had that realization in the middle of getting a haircut that "I've made a colossal mistake and can't go back now"
Take these children away from us 
I feel like apologizing for every one of my tweets. To compensate for any offense taken, here's a pic of a squirrel 
Being a prostitute must really suck dick
Legit left my apartment this morning without pants on. I wish this was a joke, therapy is not working
Music Recommendation Monday 
I miss my dog. The way she would bark at Jehovah's witnesses and shit on the carpet (staring at me while she did it) Good times
*posts vine of me in an orgy with eight dudes 

Comments: "is he really gay???"
Fuck Yo Sunset, Muffucka 
Cop:"Do you know I pulled you over today?"
Me:"No officer"
Cop:"Well, you're driving a MINI Cooper"
Me:"Yeah...so?"
Cop:"HAHAHAHA carry on"
I guess I can't say I hate sports because men who are insecure about their masculinity will scream to me "MAYBE YOU'RE JUST A PUSSY"
.@jessecalvillo why the fuck did we not get tickets?
This was one of the first Vines I ever saw, still one of my favorites  
Ryan McHenry was one of the reasons I got on Vine in the first place. His hilarious vines and optimistic attitude inspired me. RIP, Ryan
Well that fight was like my sex life...disappointing
Hey Mayweather, tag ya boi J Biebs in
"I paid $400,000 dollars for THIS" - every celebrity watching Mayweather vs Pacquiao
"That's right you vagina. You are a vagina, sir." - my older brother talking about Mayweather
I feel like Floyd Mayweather didn't get hugged enough as a child and he's using this fight to compensate
Daily Routine:
1.Wake Up
2.Realize I'm a failure
3.Cry myself back to sleep
4.Wake up again
5.Go to Krispy-Kreme, cry while eating 
(Repeat)
"I like a woman with meat on her bones" - cannibal
"Son, have you been drinking tonight?"
"Yes, officer"
"Get outta the car, you're going to jail"
"I should of had a V8!"
(Banned V8 ad)
Here's a playlist I put together with songs I think are the bee's knees. 
"Hey grandma, do you know what Tinder is?"
"No, I don't even know who I am"
"One nation, under God"
"Actually I'm an atheist"
"....one nation, under no one fucking cares"
Stripper: You like what you see?
Blind Man: ..............I don't know
Secret Service: "Mr. President, can we launch the nukes?"
President: "Not now, Cameron Dallas is having a following spree on Twitter"
Elevator 
Cop: "do you know why I pulled you over?"
Me: "for being too sexy?"
Cop: "....I wasn't going to arrest you but now I fucking am"
"Please stop laughing" - me after sex
This tweet goes out to my old crush from high school who wouldn't give me the time of day. Maria, get fucked
I think in life, you either go for pessimism or optimism. I say fuck it to both, and just say "ya know what, shit just happens"
Am I the only one who CAN believe it's not butter?
Dora the Explorer always asks me questions like "what should we do?" I'm like "motherfucker I ain't writing the show for you"
Playing at ur local Costco 
I'm 20 years old 
Alright party people, done answering questions for now. That was fun, yet exhausting. Anyone got a cigarette and some apple juice?
I started making vines for a certain audience, mainly for teens. Now I don't fucking care, I love dark comedy 
Someone who isnt afraid to shit all over me and just be a real person who doesnt talk about shit that doesn't matter 
I love drama, actually. Comedy is fine but if a book/movie/any other art can make me truly FEEL, I fucking dig that 
My hair is actually just a dead raccoon that I found 4 years ago. Shocked no one has noticed yet 
I don't want to. I don't think I'm that important, also meet and greets are usually awkward as fuck 
Its sad that teenage girls wanna get married so young today. Hate to disappoint you all, but I'd make a shit husband 
When my testosterone kicks in 
Ben, you've got to come to terms with this already. It's been 8 years, he's not coming back  
BOPH 
George Carlin, Louis CK, Dave Chappelle and Bill Burr 
I have a few. .@logeydogey .@MattPostSaysHi and .@ChonchCrimin , they're all fucking hilarious 
I didn't like school and wasn't a good student. I just didn't really care about what they taught there 
Hit me up on ChristianMingle 
When I was in 1st grade I would make kids laugh at recess, it felt amazing. I knew that's what I wanted to do 
Half of my family is from Mexico, I don't hate it, but I don't go there often cause I wanna keep my head   
I love everything. Jazz, Punk-Rock, Alternative, Rap, Synth Pop, Nickelback, you name it  
Wake up, realize that life is meaningless, masturbate with own tears, go to Krispy Kreme, repeat 
No because when we would try having sex my dick would get cut off, not exactly ideal 
Hopefully dead, but if alive, then asking someone to kill me  
Anything by Stephen King, but "Of Mice and Men" is fucking outstanding, when you read it cause you want to 
Too many to count, really. 
It's the only car I ever wanted. I saw them in the Italian Job when I was 9, the first time I ever got an erection 
BLOCKED 
(Texting)
Girl: Hey :)
Guy: I want to annihilate ur vagina
Thanks buddy! 
Girl at Starbucks asked what I wanted. I said an African American coffee. She said "don't you mean black"? I said "OMG it's 2015 u racist"
I just stubbed my toe and yelled "God dammit" and a teenage girl across the street yelled back "Don't take Nash Grier's name in vain!"
"911 what is your emergency?"
"I'd like to report some stolen property"
"What was the stolen item?"
"A tweet I wrote a year ago"
(Hangs up)
My middle name is Javier. That's why my username is BJCalvillo. I'd like to thank my mom and dad for the years of ridicule this caused me
I'm half Irish and half Mexican, so unfortunately I'm doomed to be an alcoholic
Why do I feel like the first President from this generation will snapchat their inauguration
Question everything and trust no one
I think everyone is somewhat insane, but only a few of us have been diagnosed
Not giving a shit helps a lot in life, except when you're suffering from chronic constipation
Music Recommendation Monday 
I feel like the only reason people go out anymore is to Snapchat that they went out and did things
This tweet is for my old boss Fernando. Sorry I always showed up late and smoked pot in the storage freezer that one time, hope all is well

Whenever I'm alone I want to be around people. Whenever I'm around people I want to be alone.
I regret what I say exactly two seconds after it exits my mouth hole
Every time I scroll through my Twitter/Instagram feed I get reminded of how idiotic and egotistical people are. Also, follow me on Snapchat
@BJCalvillo never mind Kylie, that was someone else. Let me know if we're still on for Ultimate Frisbee on Tuesday
Hey Kylie Jenner, I think I saw you at a TGI Fridays the other night. You ordered the jalapeño poppers. That was you, right? Let me know
I realize I can be an angry asshole, but I'm 20 so give me a fucking break
I think they gave me the wrong order 
Do you know how hard it is being this flaccid?
@MarloMeekins that show gives me a thunderous erection
Hey .@jessecalvillo how about you stop asking me for shoutouts on Twitter, also can u ask ur brother to follow me thnx
Getting offended by entertainment is a choice. YOU choose to feel that way, so don't expect anyone to sympathize with your feelings or care
"Hey mom, just texting to say that I love you"
"New phone who dis?"
"Your son"
"Wait, which one?"
"Brandon"
"Oh....."
(Blocks number)
Praying 
"OMG SLAY ME DADDY" - Teenage Girl Dragon
My passcode is Bush did 9/11
The new Uber update allows you to control what kind of candies are in the car, along with how long your driver insists on talking to you
.@sorryimalex @Jason23Nash Lets settle down, kids. If you don't, we're not going to Cold Stone after the game. I will pull this car over
"MARRY ME"

Really? You kids are young, that's a wasted opportunity. Don't marry till your like 30 and fuck everything that moves
"One nation, under Harry Styles, with Liberty and Justice for all......except Bethany she's a bitch" - Teenage Girl President
Pier Pressure (I'm sorry) 
@samuel_hallways @chrismelberger wow Brandon rly I thot u were more creativ then that but ur a fake &amp; gay plajerist #unfollow
Being a Viner and calling yourself a comedian is like pouring a bowl of cereal and calling yourself a chef
Who the fuck do you think you are.........no for real, I have no idea, I have amnesia
People who discriminate should have to sit in the back of the bus
I don't know how to pose for pictures 
"Just fucking STOP"

Stop signs if they were made by teenage girls
Shit don't change after high school, I'm sorry to disappoint you
"I'm not sure if guys actually like me or if I just get all this attention because I'm hot"

OH I FEEL SOOOOO FUCKING SORRY FOR YOU
My dad always told me to follow my dreams, but I couldnt find them on Twitter
I'm just saying, I've been to eight Panda Express's, haven't found a single panda. I'll keep looking
Happy Earth Day. To celebrate I'm going to drive my Hummer down to the the beach and throw my recyclables into the ocean because AMERICA
(Church Confessional)
Me: "Forgive me father for I have sinned, it's been 3 years since my last confession"
Priest: "New phone who dis?"
Only 24 hours late.... 
I don't like people who say "keep your head up." What if I don't feel like it? I'd rather look down. What's wrong with looking at grass?
There's nothing wrong with becoming attached to someone, as long as you know the risk involved. Don't be surprised if it all goes to shit
Being happy is nice, but sometimes I'm not sure if it's enough
(Kindergarten) 
"Ok class, guess what movie we'll be watching today?!"
"Finding Nemo!?"
"Nope, American History X!"
"...but..."
"PLAY IT"
Social media killed any chance of me having a fully functional attention span woah a bird just flew bye you guys should see this bird
Going on a blocking and unfollowing spree. Fav this tweet for a chance to win my foot in ur ass
This tweet is for my grandma, who doesn't have a Twitter and is 87 years old. I facking love u grandma ur cookies are the tits
My daddy didn't die in Vietneeem for you to smoke ur reefer and listen to your hippity hoppity Drake music, u rapscallions #GetJesus
This has been in my drafts for 2 weeks I've been saving it for maximum comedic effect hahaha I'm a comedic genius 
Music Recommendation Monday 
I don't know what to do with my hands 
(Colorblind zebra who just got surgery to see color again)
"OMG, the world is so beautiful!"
(Looks at himself in mirror)
"Oh god dammit!"
Knowing that a "Meninist" is a thing that exists makes me wanna chop my dick off and throw it in a river
If you're one of those people who say "I hate people", then you probably haven't taken the time to search for the good ones
Despite the impression I give off here or in real life, I actually like people
Yo girl I hope you's a fan of the Olive Garden and unsatisfying sex
I legit thought a campus was on fire last night but it turned out just to be a school-wide vaping session
It feels good to laugh, it feels even better when it's at someone else's expense
Don't be afraid to be yourself........unless you just suck as a person, then you should conform to appease others #rolemodel
If Paul Blart 2 doesn't live up to the incredibly high standards I come to expect from the "Blart Saga" I'm gonna jump off a bridge
"So, you come here often?" - something you shouldn't ask someone else at a sperm bank
"Bro, cocaine is like a cup of coffee" - guy at a party

Yes, 30 cups of coffee that you snort up your nose
I don't wanna watch your 500 second Snapchat story. That's 500 seconds I could've used to make my own equally boring Snapchat story
Can you cry underwater?
Making a dude laugh is like scoring a touchdown, making a girl laugh is like winning the Super Bowl

Driving Teacher: "You hit 8 civilians and ran 20 red lights. You fai..."
(Turns on the radio and MattyB plays)
Driving Teacher: "You passed"
If God didn't want us to masturbate he wouldn't have made it feel so good
"I suffer from depression and anxiety"

So does everyone else, get fucked
I wish I was as funny as Brent Rivera
Stepfather and Stepson who hate each other 
I got matched with my grandma on Tinder
I blocked my grandma after she commented "Fake and gay" on one of my Vines
Sorry mom, I'm gonna skip college to focus on my Twitter career
(In court)
Judge: "Do you prepare to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you God?"

Me: "Fur sure broski"
I'm not saying your opinion is wrong, I'm saying it's horribly inaccurate and misguided.......also you smell like shit, peace
I just ran over a cat with my car and it was horribly tragic but I couldn't help but say "Damn, I just smashed that pussy"
I don't watch snapchat stories, my life is boring enough thank you
OMG guyz did you feel that earthquake!? (I'm posting this in advance so when there actually is an earthquake I don't have to tweet about it)
Homeless man: "Spare some change?"
(Gives sandwich)
Homeless: "Da fuck this?"
Me: "Food"
Homeless: "I want ur money not a fuckin lunchable"
*tweets suicide note 
Commenter: "could you follow me and give me a shoutout pls thnx"
Therapist: "Why are you here?"
Me: "I feel like I don't have any friends"
Therapist: "Hmmmm have you considered it's cuz ur a little bitch?"
This guy is wearing a fedora and a scarf at the gym. I want to walk up to him and simply ask "Why are you the way that you are?"
Your dad probably finds my jokes amusing
If you're a diabetic I bet that song "Candy Shop" isn't very enjoyable
When grown men try to relate to teenagers on Vine I die a little inside
Was walking in a record store and found this. I had no idea that Cameron Dallas was a 1980's glam rock star 
Life is crazy and stupid and dumb and mean and unrelenting and beautiful and doesn't make sense most of the time but that's kind of cool
"OMG dis is so ruuuuuuude" 
Why do people say "rude" now when they mean offensive". Like if I posted a picture of a cat that looks like Hitler, why is that "rude"?
Yo girl I hope you like your men with social anxiety and depression
@BJCalvillo posted that tweet guyz!!!!! Give it a REVINE and fav and comment ur social security number and blood type!!!!!
@BJCalvillo Tweet about food and ur crush not texting u back
Posting a new tweet in 30 seconds, guys! Go give it a retweet and favorite cause I said so!!!!
"I don't care about my haters"

Clearly, because people who don't care take time out their day to tweet about how they don't care
Deadbeat Dads 
Don't worry guys, I hate me too
Hey little girls if you could stop calling teenage boys hot on the Internet maybe they'd go out and get an actual job
I love food......and Satan.....mostly Satan
Everyone's telling me not to make a particular Vine cause they say it's too touchy, but I'm gonna do it anyway cause fuck bitches get money
(LA PEOPLE)
"I can't hang I have a meeting"
"Who with?"
"Dentist"
"So..you have a dentist appointment?"
"ITS A MEETING SHUT UP IM IMPORTANT"
.@carlyincontro no but the thought of a tornado ripping apart my house and destroying everything in my life did so THANKS ALOT CARLY
Oh, Coachella's over? I didn't even know it started because NO ONE TOOK PICTURES WHILE THEY WERE THERE TO SHOW HOW MUCH FUN THEY WERE HAVING
Music Recommendation Monday 
Headphones (w/@jessecalvillo &amp; Gregory Calvillo) 
I want my mom to run for President
I'm actually excited at the idea of a woman President. I'm sick of catastrophic decisions being made over which country has the biggest dick
Thank you all so much for your Coachella Snapchat's and pictures I'm glad you're all having such a FUN FUCKING TIME GOOOOOD FOR YOOOOOUUUU
(Whenever I do something responsible)
"Oh, you're very mature for your age"
(Whenever I fuck up)
"Oh it's ok, you're only 20"
I don't know what I'm doing 99.99% of the time
Sending out negative vibes to everyone today
Looking for a new apartment cuz I got evicted out of my last one for masturbating too loudly
LA is an amazing place that you should never move to
@jessecalvillo love the shit outta you, bitch
(Posts a picture of my wedding)
"R they actually dating?"
My new house I'm about to break into 
Hey .@RockstarGames , how much RAM does my gaming PC need to run GTA V at 60 FPS with 4K resolution? Also, what does a vagina look like?
*Snapchat's at a social event to let everyone know how much fun they're having/that they have friends/that they're better than you
Why do we still use horses to determine how fast a car goes? Why not goats? Like "yo dude, my new whip has 300 goatpower"
Sorry for all the bummer tweets, allow me to rectify them with a positive one. I.....um....you know....fuck it, I'm going back to bed
Depression 4 daaayyzzzz
Music Recommendation Monday 
Hey anxiety if you could just fuck off for one second I'd really appreciate it
Tomorrow 
The Easter Bunny and Santa Clause are just chilling in a bar somewhere laughing it up while they have Jesus tied up in the closet
Here's a tip: If you don't wanna get any hate on Vine, don't make Vines
.@jessecalvillo is that the asshole who makes Vines where he talks with a high pitched voice? Hate that bitch. I hear he can't even wrestle
To me, the word "awkward" means a bunch of people on their phones not talking to each other. I like to talk, so I guess I'm the awkward one
(Two snails in a relationship)
Girl Snail: We need to think about our relationship. I think it's time we take it slow.
Boy Snail: ..........
What makes me laugh is the unexpected, the incomprehensible. I shouldn't know why something's funny, all that matters is that I'm laughing
I wanted you to pimp my ride, not my dog. God dammit, Xzibit 
A guy in the gym bathroom stall was smoking weed like a chimney. So when he came out I told him "Bro, cocaine is a way better pre-workout"
Art 
"Sit on my face" - Toilet
"Hey I'm not going to shoot you with a shotgun"
"What?"
(Pulls out shotgun and shoots friend )
"April Fools! Dude? Hey, it was just a joke"
April Fools, I'm actually ur dad and ur mom and I are getting divorced because of u
.@RyDoon feline safety is something I'm very passionate about
I've always assumed that R4R meant Rimjob 4 Rimjob, which is why I got really excited when Brent Rivera asked to do it with me
I don't have side burns. I have side pubes
Music Recommendation Monday 
My brother Jesse and I do this thing where we scroll down the Vine comedy channel together. We've learned so much about comedy doing so
When you go to prison for faving your own tweet... 
(At therapist)
"My wife left me"
"Why is that?"
"She said I didn't satisfy her sexually"
"..what's her number?"
"Why do you.."
"WHAT IS IT!"
Hey guys I'm gonna be having a meet-up in an alleyway in Compton at midnight tonight. Be sure to wear lots of blue and red. Tell ur friends.
If you can dream it, you can do it.......except fly.....or have a pet T-Rex.....or succeed in any way in your life
"Don't smoke weed, son"
"Ok dad"
"Only if you wanna be cool"
"What?"
"You have any on you?"
"No"
"Fine I'll get some somewhere else, pussy"
Wow, 1D fans are fucking coo coo for cocoa puffs
I like eating Chipotle almost as much as I like spreading the blood of the innocent for The Dark Lord #relatable
(At pet store)
"Aw, its so cute! I'll take him!"
*Points to baby in stroller
"...sir that's my child"
*grabs stroller and runs
"I WANT IT!"
Me when I give you an STD...... 
Music Recommendation Monday 
I guess this is what taking a sandal to the face feels like...... 
(At Hospital)
"How are you, grandma?"
"Good, been watching vines to keep my spirits up"
"Cool! Whose vines?"
"Brent Rivera's"
(Pulls plug)
I swear, everyone on social media is such an attention whore...but fur realz if you could follow my snapchat I'd rly appreciate it
Life's about conquering your fears, so today I punched a married man in the face, cause I'm scared of commitment
You don't know. I don't know. Stop pretending that you know. No one knows.
Wanna hear a hilarious joke? My life
Please understand that 99.99% of the time, I'm being sarcastic
A drunk guy wearing a cowboy hat just got out of an Uber, and as he did so two vape pens fell out of his pocket. Yep, I'm in Texas alright.
I’m working on a super duper top secret project with @cocacola and @flama. More to come, here is a hint:
On a plane right now and I'm absolutely terrified of flying. But it's cool cause prescription drugs are a thing.
Music Recommendation Monday 
If there's one thing I've learned, it's that cereal is an acceptable meal at any time of the day (when you're between the age of 3 and 25)
(At Job Interview)
"So why should I hire you?"
"Well, I'm a hard worker and..."
*Phone rings and Baby by J Biebs plays
"...you got the job"
*Hears Uptown Funk for the first time
"I love this song!"
*Found 3 months later hanging in his closet with note that reads "Damn You, Bruno"
(At grocery store)
"Ok, that'll be $7.56"
"Will this cover it?"
*Puts naked picture of Chuck Norris on counter, cashier slowly takes it
If you don't like Genesis, get out.
Hope is Dead 
Another "song" that I made. Listen if you want, keep scrolling if you don't 
Yo Sunset Ain't Shit 
The only reason I'd ever quit Vine is because the majority of the audience have an IQ smaller than their shoe size, it's just tumor inducing
That moment when you burn ur waffles cause you were too preoccupied thinking of ur own mortality and how we all die alone #relatable
That awkward moment you start coughing and blood comes out, then a demon rips open your mouth and reigns hellfire on the Earth #relatable
Employee of the Month at PetSmart 
When the drugs kick in...... 
Dad: "Your baby sister just said her first words!"
Me: "Wow! What were they?"
Dad: "I showed her one of your vines and she said "fake &amp; gay"
Music Recommendation Monday 
Blocking someone is fine, just know that it makes you look like a colossal pussy 85% of the time
I just saw some dude driving in a red Porsche, smoking a joint and blasting Nickelback. So I followed him to his house and cut his brakes.
I don't know what I'm doing at 20 and I probably won't have any idea what I'm doing at 40. I will remain clueless till I'm 6 feet under
A Beautiful Moment (w/@Jason23Nash) 
Philosophical quote from someone way more intelligent than me that I copy and pasted here to show how wise I am #blessed
Unfollow Me 
You ever have nothing to tweet about, but you tweet anyway because you base your self-worth off the validation of total strangers?
Don't do drugs or alcohol, kids......unless you wanna have an abundance of fun and be the coolest kid on the block #rolemodel
If we meet in person and I give off the impression that I'm a nice guy, I sincerely apologize for any misdirection.....and ur ugly
Starting playlist. 36 songs now, will add a new one each week or whenever I feel like it 
"My job is making six second videos on the Internet and taking poorly lit selfies......you want me to call you a cab?" - me on a first date
#TBT 
"You never know till you try" - inspirational quote from a guy who died his first time skydiving
Fuck Yo Sunset 
Physical violence is one thing, but I believe calling someone a "fucking pussy" is not bullying. That's just like..that persons opinion, man
Kids today have no idea what true bullying is. If poking fun at someone is what you consider bullying, you're not gonna make it far in life
Happy BDay to my big bro @jessecalvillo. You're my hero and one of the strongest people I know. Also, can you ask Brandon to follow me? Thnx
"I really like you"
"I like you too"
"I think I love yo..."
(Pulls out phone)
"SELFIE!"
"........you know what this isn't gonna work out"
@wavves same
When you high AF and you look at yourself in the mirror...... 
@J_LoPriore no need to apologize dude, Jesse's funnier than I'll ever be, and his tattoos are sexy AF
It pains me to see people I once knew change for the worst. A lot of potential wasted, all because they either got too lazy or too greedy
Music Recommendation Monday 
Crack is Whack 
Planning when you wanna have kids is essentially just planning when you wanna put your life on hold for 18 years (longer if the kid sucks)
I get that complaining about being 20 makes me seem like a whiny little twat, but I live on my own and pay for my own bills so suck my DIECK
Being 20 is like...you know what, I can't think of a good enough analogy to properly describe how much being 20 FUCKING SUCKS DONKEY SCROTUM
"What you been up to since high school?"
"I actually got my masters degree in biomedical engineering, you?"
".......have you heard of Vine?"
I don't know what to tweet about, cause I don't wanna argue about the color of a fucking dress, so........uh.......lizards are dumb
"Don't fuck with me, I know karate"
"What, like Kung-Fu?"
"No........Kung-Jew"
(Breaks out throwing Stars of David)
I wish I could put my life on Airplane Mode
Really don't wanna be sober right now
I'm attracted to women, not girls, who shit all over me (figuratively, of course). I enjoy being made fun of/having my balls busted
(gets pulled over)
"What seems to be the problem, officer?"
"Well, you're driving a Prius...."
"Yeah, and?"
(Officer bursts out laughing)
"Eyebrows on flee..." 
Music Recommendation Monday 
"I'd like to thank my mom, dad and SATAN OUR DARK LORD WHO SHALL RISE AGAIN AND RAIN FIRE FROM THE SKY" - my acceptance speech at the Oscars
Car Lock (w/@Klarity_) 
I'm about to say something positive and be kinda racist at the same time: Asian babies are the cutest babies
Writing this tweet solely to test out the speech to text function wow this is really cool aw shit you have to say the punctuation this blows
If I had nickel for every time I've masturbated, I'd have enough money to pay for the surgery to fix my broken wrist
Brandon Calvillo, more like Jesse's funnier than you
I'm not saying it's dumb to be happy, I'm saying it's ok to be sad.
Some of the most revolutionary ideas come from long periods of isolation and depression. So in a way, happiness is a detriment to society.
Another ''song'' that I made. Listen if you want, or don't, whatever 
Shopping (w/@LoganPaul, @AmandaCerny &amp; @ImJakePaul) 
Guys, I think it's time I came out of the closet.....cause I've been in there for 3 hours hanging my shirts and organizing my socks
Music Recommendation Monday 
@jessecalvillo *Calls Life Alert
Accidentally Unplugging the Aux Cord (w/@Klarity_, @DeStorm &amp; @MelvinGregg) 
"AWMAGAWD, my Valentine this year is...."
"Netflix?"
"...Uh, yeah and...."
"Pizza?"
"Shut up! Let me finish this joke it's really funny!"
Whether you're optimistic or pessimistic on Valentine's Day, there is one thing I think we can all agree on: Candy Hearts taste like balls
This guy next to me just said "God damn, fuck Valentines Day". Yeah, you tell those 24 hours that can't feel pain (or any emotion) off, bud
Don't be a twat, and if you can't help it, at least be a self-aware twat
A ''song'' that I made. If you give it a listen, you'll have only wasted 1 minute and 36 seconds of your life 
The Foreign Waiter (w/@davidlopezvine &amp; @DeStorm) 
I believe you're entitled to your opinion and should voice it, but just know that zero people give a fuck about it
I was cutting an apple, and some juice came out and squirted in my eye. So, I'm pretty sure that means an apple just gave me a money shot
Music Recommendation Monday 
(At Subway)
"Yeah and I'll take a cookie"
"Ok that'll be $1.49, or you can get three for $1.50"
"................I fucking hate this place"
Showing my parents my new car 
Louie is the best show on TV, and if you have a different opinion than me, that's fine because comedy is subjective (but know you're wrong)
People are going to judge you no matter what you do. Once you get the mindset of "fuck it, who cares", life becomes way more fun
I never check social media while driving, only occasionally.......like right now, but it's completely safehsnxkpslwksjbxhsjsjdj didoj$$38:9"
You 
Yogurt (w/@ManonMathews &amp; @Vincent_Marcus) 
Art 
My followers care more about my facial hair than I do
Go fack urself
No joke, I think I just broke my wrist. And before you say "cut down on the masturbation" I already have, only doing it 3 times a day now
A teenage girl hates cigarettes (w/@Vincent_Marcus) 
If you get offended easily, people won't wanna be around you. I'm not trying to be condescending in saying that, it's a friendly reminder
Music Recommendation Monday 
I hope you're having a good day, and if you're not, consume as much drugs and alcohol as you can until it becomes a good day #rolemodel
Buying a car today. Trying to decide between a 2014 Lamborghini or a 1985 Honda, or just saying "fuck it" and buying a motorized scooter
Robbers on a Budget (w/@RyDoon &amp; @ItBoyMatt) 
"Hi welcome to McDonald's, what can I get you?"
"My self respect back, please"
It's taken me 20 years, but I finally passed my driving test today. Get ready LA, your hit &amp; run count is about to increase ten-fold
I'm at this point where hearing stupid people talk physically hurts my brain
I've gained 40 pounds in the past year. I blame Obama
If you have to snapchat about how much fun you're having at a party, you're probably not having that great of a time
Same 
How to Ruin an Intense Moment 
Vine Comment of the Year 
Twitter is great if you're bored or have no friends or both
Mondays........ 
Viner: "Just posted a new Vine, like and revine it!"
Me: "....No...."
(Viner pulls out gun)
Viner: "Sorry what did you say?"
Me: "NOTHING!"
"People who quote themselves are so fucking egotistical" -Brandon Calvillo
Alec, the Cracked Out Uncle (w/@Jason23Nash, @ItBoyMatt &amp; @kickducks) 
(Looks into mirror)
"Today is gonna be a great day"
(Mirror speaks back)
"Nah ur fat lulz"

"Hey man, what're you up to?"
"Aw, I'm balls deep in work, you?"
"I'm balls deep in balls"
"Yeah I know the feeling..wait, what?"
*hangs up
If you don't have anything nice to say, tweet it, you'll probably get a lot of favorites
Once you stop giving a shit about people's feelings/opinions, your comedic possibilities are endless
Alright guys, done answering questions. Back to jerking off and watching Murder, She Wrote. Bye bye
“@JustMeJaiCee: @BJCalvillo do you actually think of yourself as a funny person?” Not necessarily, but I like trying to make others laugh
“@edomin19: @BJCalvillo if you would ever consider changing your name what would it be?” Reginald Thundercunt the 3rd
“@YvetteRamirez32: @BJCalvillo What's your favorite band/ singer ?” Wavves, Yeasayer, Washed Out &amp; HEALTH just to name a few
“@Isa_Lou_Mac: @BJCalvillo whats your favorite genre of music?” Punk-Rock, Chillwave, Electronica, Classic Rock, Jazz, Pigs squealing
“@macaroniandkei: @BJCalvillo Ever consider stand up?” I have written about a 15 min set, but haven't gotten around to performing it
“@TheChickenWing_: @BJCalvillo What type of movie would you make?” Drama, Action, Crime Thrillers. Anything that gets me hard, really
“@sorryimgreta: @BJCalvillo do you think vine will be dead soon?” I hope not but if it does, I'll just go back to jerking off
“@olddirtypunk: if you ever have your own movie, what are some actors you'd want to be in your movie?” @Jason23Nash @ItBoyMatt @shmarielle
“@olddirtypunk: @BJCalvillo what's a band/artist you listened to as a kid and still continue to listen to” Genesis. Loved them since I was 9
“@chuckktaylorr: when did you decide that you weren't "famous"? because I respect it” I'm not famous and never will be. I just like creating
“@BlazeItObama: @BJCalvillo As a guy with side burns, what's up with the scruff on the side of your face? Lol” Pubic Hair or "Side Pubes"
“@Monitox2: Ever thought of making YouTube videos?” If I have a sketch idea that could ONLY work on YouTube, then yes. But fuck vlogging
“@ImOnCrystalSeth: @BJCalvillo you gonna be in any movies soon?” I hope to make them, not be in them.
“@RED6: @BJCalvillo yo what's your favorite color and can I get a revine?” Magenta and only if you sacrifice a baby goat to the dark lord
“@9so_homie: @BJCalvillo what's your favorite song atm?” Paracosm by Washed Out
“@hapshley: @BJCalvillo what is the funniest movie youve seen?” Shaun of the Dead
“@TheChickenWing_: @BJCalvillo do you have any talents?” No, but I play have a lot of videogames
“@fallingoutboy: @BJCalvillo everyone's saying you're dating Thomas Sanders is that true? ” I don't kiss and tell, but he's got a huge smile
“@BlazeItObama: @BJCalvillo How open are you to a meet n greet?” I'll never schedule one cause I don't think I'm that important
“@jazzyiah: @BJCalvillo Where is my father?” Try looking under the sink. If he's not there then I'm all out of ideas
“@WorldMartian: @BJCalvillo where would you be right now if Vine didn't exist?” Making your sandwich at Subway
“@Longlivemoose: why did you start vining originally” Cause I was bored and needed a release. Probably could've just jerked off instead
“@amazinghayess: @BJCalvillo are you pregnant and is Jason the father” it's actually Cameron Dallas's baby, I haven't told Jason yet
When you die and go to hell #relatable 
Life becomes easier once you realize that everyone on Earth is equally as clueless as you are. No one knows what the fuck they're doing
Remember kids, fry your brain on multiple drugs and copious amounts of alcohol till you become an immobile, unemployed vegetable #rolemodel
People who tweet "Fav if your hungry right now" just so they can get more favorites are the absolute worst. Fav if you agree
In the business world, big Viners are referred to as Influencers. Since my Vines are usually about drugs, I'm referred to as a Bad Influence
I'm telling dad jokes at age 20, which means at age 30 I'll be telling racist grandfather jokes
Nothing says nothing like
@not_moon_dad Fucking excellent
Having emotions will cost ya
"Would you like to hold my newborn baby?"
"Naw"
"Why?"
"Cause holding a baby is more terrifying than trying to tightrope over a volcano"
"I'm not a pessimist, I'm a realist"
"Really? You sure you're not just a huge asshole?"
I'm a self-loathing asshole who despises puppies and likes to collect stamps. Wuz yo number?
If you're under the age of 12, please unfollow me. Spongebob Squarepants sucks ass and One Direction are satanists. Made it easy for you.
"Babe, I love you"
"<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️"
"......I just admitted my love to you, could you maybe say something a bit more personal?"
"<FACE THROWING A KISS>"
"I wanna break up"
"Eat shit and die" -Girl Scout when I refused to buy her cookies
If you're having a bad day or a good day it doesn't matter because YOURE ALIVE. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW INSANE THAT IS?
"Remember to wipe, son"
"Dad, I'm 20" 
"Wait what's your name?"
"Brandon..."
"Ooooooh.....yeah your adopted"
(Silence)
"Forgot to tell ya"
"Son, have I ever talked to you about the birds and the bee's?"
"Yeah like the birds fuck the bee's, right?"
"Exactly, I'm so proud you"
I don't know what makes people more uncomfortable, the fact that I hug instead of handshake or that every time I do it I have an erection
I love @jessecalvillo follow revine subscribe 
Sorry guys, just got off the phone with Satan and he says he only follows members of 5SOS and Nash Grier. Apologies for any empty promises
Hey guys go favorite and RT my last tweet for a follow from Satan! Yep, the Dark Lord's on Twitter now! He mainly tweets about how hot it is
If I'm not completely deaf by age 45 because of how loud I listen to music, I'll be very surprised
I hate the Internet because ever since I saw 2 Girls, 1 Cup as a child, I can never eat chocolate soft serve ice cream again.
"Just wanna let everyone know.....abortion's an option" - my mom giving a speech at my wedding
I don't block people on any social media. Way I see it, if hating me gives you some sort of satisfaction, I'm not gonna deprive you of that
"Bro, I hate your Vines"
"Ha, well guess what pal......SO DO I!"
"Becky, you wanna get crazy tonight?"
"Huly fack, YES"
"What should we do?"
"Let's go on a dick chopping spree"
"I'll get the butcher knife"
Mother Nature is on her period..... 
If you comment a <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> emoji on a photo of me when I was 5 years old, you're either a toddler or a pedophile. Either way, what's your number?
Me on Twitter:
"Aw this is funny!"
(Types tweet and posts it)
35 seconds later "What the fuck was I thinking?"
(Deletes tweet)
When they put LSD in the Capri Sun.... 
If I do something and it offends you.......good
Caffeine is a drug. I know this cause I had none today and I have a splitting headache, body chills/fatigue and will suck a dick for some RN
This morning I woke up feeling like a bag of fecal matter, roadkill and severed limbs.....so better than usual.
Autocorrect can suck my duck
Happy people make me angry. Just be miserable like the rest of us, for gods sake.
"I want us to be more comfortable around each other"
"Of course, honey! (farts)
"I'm glad you understand (queefs)
"........I want a divorce"
Current obsession.... 
Doctor: "Weight?"
Me: "200 lb"
Doctor: "Hair color?"
Me: "Brown"
Doctor: "Penis size?"
Me: "....what?"
Doctor: "I'll just put disappointing"
I like my women like I like my coffee......I don't drink coffee
If I ever wanted to commit suicide, I'd just strap myself to a chair and watch "Jack &amp; Jill" on repeat until my brain literally shut off
"What do you mean you don't serve raccoon here?"
"Sir this is a Chili's, we don't serve racoo..."
"OH IM SORRY I THOUGHT THIS WAS AMERICA?!"
Jim can't handle his shit.... 
"Excuse me sir, why're you urinating here?"
"What? This isn't a bathroom?"
"No, it's a McDonald's"
"Oh......" (Continues peeing)
If I can't make dick/fart/abortion jokes around someone without them getting uncomfortable, typically our friendship won't last very long
I've written about 8 short films that I hope to direct someday, but it's difficult because masturbation takes up a lot of my time
Hot Pockets should have a warning label on the box that reads "IF YOURE OVER THE AGE OF 18 AND ARE STILL EATING THESE, REEVALUATE YOUR LIFE"
I have no photos to post on Instagram today, so to compensate, here are a bunch of words that you probably won't read cause reading is hard
2015 is like soooooooooooo this year
Starting out 2015 with class 
"Jenna, you drank enough booze and snorted enough blow to kill a rhinoceros last night"
"Yeah, but that was SOOOOOO 2014 Jenna"
My New Years resolution is 1080p
2014 has transformed me from an anxiety ridden, clinically depressed guy to an anxiety ridden, clinically depressed guy....with an apartment
Hey guys, use my Uber promo code, uberbjcalvillo, and get $20 off your first Uber ride. Redeem it at 
Yep.........2014 is definitely a number. Thanks for informing me, every social media site/app
"Alright man, I'm taking off"
"Ok......I'll see you Next Ye..."
(Gunshot, followed by numerous other gunshots)
"Hey grandma, what's your New Years resolution?"
"To live another yea......"
"........Grandma? GRANDMA!!!?!?"
Taken 3: This is The Last One, We Swear. Sorry, We Have To Feed Our Families Somehow. The Economy is Fucked. Thanks Obama
The New Year is an opportunity for a fresh start. So my New Years resolution is to stop smoking tons of crystal meth I mean to start jogging
"Hey hey hey, just shut your fucking mouth for one second, for the love of god" -my internal dialogue when talking to a self obsessed person
Me at ur funeral 
Kudos to all the Vegans out there for always being humble and never claiming superiority over others based solely on their dietary habits
If at first you don't succeed, just give up, cause failing twice is just fucking embarrassing
If you tell me to go fuck myself, don't be surprised if I pull down my pants and try doing just that
Sticks &amp; stones may break my bones, but if you say something mean to me I'm telling on you, cause you're a stupid meanie-head
"So you got a girlfriend?"
"I got a bae"
"So you're not seeing anyone?"
"Bae means girlfriend"
"Well why didn't ya just say that, dumbfuck?"
"Fuck me if I'm wrong, but is your name Stacy?"
"Yes, it is"
"Oh............dammit"
I hate people who tweet "If you don't like (blank) then we can't be friends". If you're one of those people then we can't be friends
Therapist: "So how's your sex life?"
Me: "Well, my girlfriend fucks me on a regular basis"
Therapist: "Physically?"
Me: "Financially"
Relationship Goals 
Mom: "Brandon, you don't smoke cigarettes, do you?"
Me: "No mother, I shoot up heroin like an adult."
Mom: "That's my boy! Dinner's ready!"
The day after Christmas, also known as the day you return all the shitty gifts that your family got you to get in-store credit at Best Buy
"Merry Christmas"
"Ugh, what you think everyone celebrates Christmas? You're so ignora........"
*Gunshot
There's nothing funny about abortion.......unless the person getting the abortion gets hit in the face with a pie, then it's hilarious
All I want for Christmas is you......to die in a fire that I'll attempt to put out with a can of gasoline.
Christmas time is best spent with family.......and a glass of eggnog that is 99% vodka so you can forget how much you hate your family
I want to open a fast-food chain called "Regret"
Potty Training 
It's Christmas time, so it's time to watch movies like Apocalypse Now, Scarface, and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre to really get in the spirit
I don't know what's more depressing, the fact that I don't have a Christmas tree in my apartment, or the fact that I don't fucking care
The Feminine Cowboy (w/@heyChristiano) 
When you put LSD in the Meow Mix...... 
Going on a following spree! Favorite this and I'll follow you......on your way home from school......and pleasure myself outside your window
That moment when you realize that happiness is a fleeting feeling and you cry yourself to sleep while watching episodes of Blues Clues
"Let he who is without sin, get really fucking stoned broski" - Jesus if he was in a fraternity
Nothing says "Christmas time" like cozying up next to the fireplace with a crack pipe I mean hot cup of cocoa
Major theaters won't show "The Interview" because of terrorist threats. This is like a scared nerd giving a bully his lunch money. Shameful
The End (w/@Cody &amp; @heyChristiano) 
The first step to recovery is admittance, so here we go; my name is Brandon Calvillo, and I am a basic bitch
If you get mad every time you go to chipotle because the server always tells you "guac is extra", then stop going to chipotle, ya fat fuck.
"Hey Dad, you wanna hang out?"
"Who is this?"
"It's your son"
"I have a son?"
"Yes"
"Oh, can I borrow some money?"
"I'm broke"
*Hangs up
Only Viner to make this genuinely funny 
Brought her home. Bout to smash..... 
Hey, if you make fun of a Vine trend, you're still contributing to it. Treat Vine trends like pimples, leave them alone and they'll go away
Holding in a fart is unhealthy, so rip ass in public. If someone looks at you in disgust, just say "I practice good health, try it sometime"
I just wasted an hour of my life creating a snapchat story. The therapy isn't working, doc. Snapchat username: bjcalvillo
I'd urge those with huge followings who complain about haters to calm their tits. If you get any praise, criticism will follow. Deal with it
You learn a lot about yourself by taking long walks. Like today, I learned that I fucking hate taking long walks.
"Alright, I'm gonna need you to take off your pants"
"But......you're a dentist"
"GET THEM OFF!!!!"
"Jesus is like the Nash Grier of religion" - 13 year old girl
I've thought about adopting a highway, but I'm not sure I'm ready to be a parent
If it's abundantly clear that I'm not in a talking mood, know that if you try talking to me there's an 88% chance I'll slap you in the mouth
What part of "eat a bag of throbbing elephant dicks" did you not understand?
Just asked this barista at Starbucks for a "Sesame Street Bagel". She paused, then gave me the bagel for free. Guess she felt sorry for me.
I have this condition where I'm completely honest with people and don't play any stupid mind games. I apologize for this ludicrous behavior.
Is there one 7-11 that doesn't look like it was built in 1982?
People who say that you should never be sad are either incredibly naive or complete psychopaths. Happiness cannot exist without misery.
Tis the season to buy a bunch of shit you don't need
Family Dinner 
I don't understand the point in criticizing someone's work. Art is subjective. Instead of focusing on someone else's work, create your own.
I asked my mom what she wanted for Christmas and she said "The last 20 years of my life back"
@chrismelberger @codyk @not_moon_dad @JCyrusMusic @Zachpiona @WahlidM Thanks for that dudes, but remember comedy is subjective. Love you all
I don't believe I'm ignorant, I'm just very selective about the reality I accept
If action movies were realistic (w/@Klarity_) 
Fav for puppies. RT for clinical depression
Black Friday shoppers are insane (w/@Klarity_ &amp; @KingBach) 
Waiting in line for a Black Friday sale. Got my machete and tear gas ready to do some shopping. Nothing more American than consumerism!
The Rich Friend (w/@LoveLianeV) 
Happy Turkey Genocide Day, everyone!
Trying to find "the one" is a delusional fantasy. Be realistic and try finding "the one that I can stand to be around for more than 3 hours"
The newly gay man who's trying way too hard to be gay (w/@ManonMathews) 
Your teenage years are the most exciting and carefree of your life, so don't waste it watching Netflix all day. Go break a few laws, kids
Currently at the gym, and this is not a lead in to a joke that's like "JK I'm actually watching Netflix and eating pizza." Stay active, kids
This isn't Applebee's....... 
The Ferguson riots are reminiscent of the LA riots back in 1992, except now we can watch it on our iPads. Technology advances, humans don't
Every time I interact with another human, it confirms the fact that I have no idea how to function in a normal society.
Tampons (w/@jessecalvillo) 
Nothing says "I'm in serious need of a psychiatric evaluation" like waiting in an hour long line for a Pumpkin Spice Latte
The Feminine Hitman (w/@Cody) 
I vote to eliminate all people who say the word "like" more than three times in a sentence. It's for the betterment of mankind.
Duffel Bag (w/@heyChristiano) 
My cousin Chester's a little too excited for the #PartyDownSouth 2 premiere… Watch tonight at 9/8c on @CMT 
Remember when big Viners cursed the term "REVINE 4 REVINE" and swore they'd never do it? Ah.......those were the days........
"Bro, you play videogames? Get a life"
*Spends 17 hours a day glued to phone on social media
People really like sleeping, and sleeping is the closest you'll come to being dead. So, in a way, everyone is suicidal
I get high on LIFE........and copious amounts of black tar heroin
HAPPY CATURDAY 
If you're a strange/weird person, please embrace that and don't succumb to conformity. "Normal" people are so fucking boring
When the drugs finally kick in...... 
I don't mind when you state your opinion, but when you state your opinion AS FACT, then we got a prolem
Just ate 70 grams of fiber in one sitting. Keep my toilet in your prayers
I just came...... 
Dog Park 
Life is just a series of uncomfortable/awkward events, like a prostate exam that lasts forever.
Kids, have fun dressing up and eating candy. Adults, have fun dressing up and eating a different kind of candy. Happy Halloween.
One of the greatest Vines of all time  
For this Halloween party, I'm going as a clinically depressed alcoholic who spends far too much time on social media. No need to dress up.
You ever just wanna punch someone in the face? For just like........you know.......existing?
I rather like stories, so I'm gonna try telling one everyday starting today on SnatchClap I mean Snapchat. Username is bjcalvillo
Livin la Vida Loca all day erryday.......jk I read romance novels and go to bed before 10 most nights
To the people asking why my Vines have gotten so dark recently, I'm simply doing what I THINK is funny. If you don't like it, tough titties.
For those who keep asking, yes; I do only have one shirt. I'm actually a 20 year old homeless person who just happens to have an iPhone
Twitter is like your mom, I'm on it too much
*Tweets about how much he loves eating junk food and watching Netflix all day, has 6 pack abs
The friend everyone hates 
Just realized that me declaring that other people don't have talent is the douchiest thing I've ever done. Who am I to declare that?
It's almost Halloween, which means a plethora of slut-shaming Vines that'll all get over 100k likes because mysogyny is funny I guess
Remember kids, murder is only acceptable if you really really really want to do it or if you never get caught #rolemodel
I feel like I'm being watched..... 
The guy in the car next to me has his hat backwards, is wearing sunglasses and is blasting drake. He probably gets so many bitches
When bae doesn't text you back.... #relatable 
The Oblivious Father (w/@Jason23Nash &amp; @RyDoon) 
I wanna create an app called "Socialize". When you open it a gun pops out of the screen, aimed at your head, and a voice says "Go outside"
"Son, what do you wanna be when you grow up?"
"A Viner!"
Father pauses. Slowly takes off belt
TLIF (Thank Lucifer It's Friday)
Hey Bill Nye, you're a science guy, solve this Ebola thing why don'tcha?
Stranger: "You have very feminine features"
Me: "Ha, you should see my vines....."
When someone comments on how big my iPhone 6 Plus is, I compare it to the size of an elephants penis. Usually ends the conversation
The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
The Feminine Robber (w/@snazzyallegra &amp; @Vincent_Marcus) 
(At family gathering) "So Brandon, what do you do for a living?" Me: "Well, I make a complete and utter ass out of myself on the Internet.."
Remember, you're worth it...kinda. I mean, if I bought you I wouldn't have buyers remorse, but I'd probably wish I spent the money on a taco
Be the best person you can be today......unless you don't feel like it, in which case don't worry about it, no biggie
When someone texts "be there in 10", it really means "Be there in 10 maybe, not really, fuck you, you're dead to me, jk be there in 2 hours"
If the movie adaptation of 50 Shades of Grey doesn't have full penetration I'm going to be severely disappointed and only partly aroused
Since the majority of my followers are off Twitter right now, I feel compelled to say something truly offensive: Toy Story 3 is overrated
LA Hipster Douchebag 
Don't do drugs, get high on life.......jk drugs are the solution to every problem you have  #rolemodel
There's nothing like a long line of cocaine I mean a warm cup of coffee to start out the day
I hate goodbyes, but I hate hello's even more
If you're not getting drunk on Saturday night, you're most likely a well-adjusted human being who doesn't drown their sorrows in liquor
The Hypocritical Father (w/@Jason23Nash) 
If you can't learn to laugh at yourself, then someone else is gonna do it for you
All these jokes about Ebola are really making me sick
McDonald's french fries are the number one worst thing you can put inside your body, the second is the Ebola Virus
When someone texts me "Bahaha", I assume what I just sent you was so hilarious you either spit out your food or you're just an idiot.
The grass is always greener on the other side.....unless the guy on the other side has a dog, then the grass is probably covered in shit
The Immature Sex Ed Teacher 
The best part about Twitter is that anyone can use it. The worst part about Twitter is that ANYONE can use it.
Intoxicated 
To me, bisexuals are the omnivores of genitalia
Saying "I love you" to someone you've never met and the only way you know of them is through a social media app on your phone is kinda weird
I have really loud neighbors 
The greatest photo of all time 
#relatable 
I'd smack a bitch if I knew animal control wouldn't take Ms. Butterscotch away from me
They say the iPhone 6 bends if you have really tight jeans. Looks like hipsters are finally getting what they deserve.
Alright, Q&amp;A is over. My fingers are literally turning purple &amp; inflating. Actually, that's probably the LSD talking. Later broski's
“@kstandridge08: Just for fun: What is the meaning of life?” Getting Brent Rivera to follow you on various social media apps
“@sierrafairytale: when's the last time you cried?” Two minutes ago when I burnt my pizza rolls and learned we're all gonna die alone
“@sierrafairytale: thoughts on Nash Grier?” He hasn't called me since we met a couple months back. Guess he's a "hit it &amp; quit it" kinda guy
“@lovelydallas_: why don't you do meet ups?” Cause I don't think I'm that special
“@Marinaxox_:  does it freak you out that there's girl out there that obsessed over you?” It only weirds me out when they mail me their hair
“@SteBro9: why do you wear that red and light blue shirt so much in your vines?” Cause I'm really just a glorified hobo with an iPhone
“@imnotclassic: why are you still a virgin” I lost my Virginity to a girl in a dark storage closet, but it turned out to be @heyChristiano
“@AlessaMinerva: What's your creative process?” I come up with most ideas while cooking myself food. I've been eating burnt toast for years
“@kaylameyerr123: what do you look for in a girl?” Well I check to make sure she has usable organs that I can sell on the black market
“@TheKennyLane: You're a Vine celebrity. What's that like?” I get to cut in line at most fast food restaurants, but then I get thrown out
“@EthanCowgill: @BJCalvillo What is your ancestry like?” My father is full blown Mexican and my mom is whiter than a ghost, which made me
“@trashrey: @BJCalvillo what is your favourite band?” Wavves but a close second is Fleetwood Mac
“@Cinthia20314254: @BJCalvillo what is the first thing you do in the morning???” Cry myself back to sleep
“@_lovelyangiee_: @BJCalvillo would you date one of your fans?<WINKING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>” If they were a 45 year old Sicilian plumber named Frank, then yes
“@OlddirrtyHarry: @BJCalvillo What's the weirdest thing that's happened to you??” The day I was born. I came out all like "Waaaaaaahhh?"
“@SofiaObando22: @BJCalvillo favorite tv show at the moment?” I don't have cable so I watch the crackhead who lives outside my apartment.
If I had a nickel for how many times I forgot to pay my rent, I'd be able to pay my rent.
Family 
Just saw a woman walk out of a 24 Hour Fitness while eating a cupcake. The amount of fucks not given in this situation are truly inspiring.
"Eat shit and die" - my mom when playing online video games with me
My doctor says that going on Twitter for extended periods of time leads to seizures, but what does he kno'xvowjfh?$&amp;/l%}!]¥¥¥):!?/&amp;nan192$3?
"Take a shot, don't be a twat" - my motto for life
I've been sitting in the waiting room at Urgent Care for so long that I don't feel sick anymore. So I guess going to the doctor does help
Music Recommendation Monday 
After every first date..... 
Two guys with amnesia in an argument (w/Jason Nash &amp; Ry Doon) 
I'm the kind of guy who prefers Bruce Hornsby's "The Way it Is" to Tupac's "Changes".
Weed Chocolate (w/Ry Doon) 
I hate people who take screenshots of their tweets and put them on Instagram. Like, get over yourself.
"Fuck me if I'm wrong, but are you a llama?" - how I pick up girls
I sometimes look in the mirror and tell myself "It's gonna be a great day!" Then my reflection says back to me "Don't get your hopes up"
If there's one thing I've learned from my father, it's "I should have used a condom"
I buy new technology to compensate for how empty my life is, so I'll be buying the iPhone 6 after I stop by the pharmacy to get my Prozac.
It takes balls to be a hermaphrodite.
I may not have a college degree, but I do know all the words to Don McLeans "American Pie". So suck on that, graduates.
Guy who doesn't know what a fist bump is (w/ Robby Ayala &amp; Ry Doon) 
I was gonna get laid tonight but I had to go home and organize my stamp collection
If weight scales could talk 
Hey guys, a "follow" from a "social media celebrity" is literally just them pressing a button. It's not the cure for cancer.
Douchebags don't know they're douchebags, because they're douchebags.
Hey NASA, it's "African-American" holes.
RIP Joan Rivers. Your comedy was fearless and pushed the boundaries, you will be missed.
I get so much pussy 
Fav if you like puppies. RT if you experience eternal sadness.
While you kids have to go to bed early to wake up for school tomorrow, I get to stay up as long as I want crying alone in the shower.
I've stopped deleting my internet history because it makes finding all my previously viewed interracial amputee porno so much easier.
After you (w/Jason Nash) 
The Feminine Magician 
Twitter asks me "What's happening?" Nothing is happening, that's why I'm on Twitter.
Twitter is like graffiti on a bathroom stall, it's just a random collection of thoughts and opinions made public, usually read when shitting
I just ate Chipotle and it didn't give me explosive diarrhea. In the words of Ice Cube, "Today was a good day".
I'd live tweet The Emmys, but I don't have cable. Instead, I'll be live tweeting these pizza rolls cooking in my microwave. They're done.
In the elevator with this guy and he said "Mondays, right?" I jokingly said "If only we had some weed" He replied "I do, meet me in Apt.607"
The Feminine Cop w/Christiano Covino 
I bought store brand Captain Crunch instead of the actual stuff. It's called "Seaman Munch". Excuse me while I run into oncoming traffic.
I like my women how I like my coffee......ground up and in the freezer.
There's officially a TV show called "Selfie". We failed as a society, folks. It's over.
Works every time (w/ Marcus Johns &amp; Ry Doon) 
Socially awkward at 16 is considered cute. Socially awkward at 25 is considered probable serial killer.
I saw a bumper sticker on a car yesterday that read, "I Miss Detroit." So I smashed the window and stole the radio.
I never say "Good Morning" or "Good Afternoon" because I'm not a liar.
Bro, I'm like totes not funny. Unfollow myself, yo.
I have the attention span of a squirrel on speed.
Hey @twitter , why isn't my account @verified ? I base my self-worth off of how many favorites &amp; RT's I get, I feel like I'm qualified.
I don't really like blind prostitutes, they just rub me off the wrong way.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks today.
I once had a hamster named Avrum. I told him we were gonna be BFF's 4 life. Next day I found him dead next to an electrical wire. He bit it.
My mom just called, she says she wants the last twenty years of her life back.
Living in Los Angeles is like getting a rectal exam, I like it a lot.
If your fridge could talk 
If you wear beanies in 90 degree weather, don't.
It feels like there are twenty atomic bombs made of cheese just exploding inside my stomach right now. This is why I don't eat Del Taco.
I joke a lot about depression, but suicide ain't no joke. It's a permanent solution to a temporary problem. Just know that you're not alone.
I'll keep this simple, we lost a comedic genius today and it blows. Rest in peace, Mr. Williams
Quality time with my parents (and my baby sister) 
If at first you don't succeed, you should probably just give up because failing twice in a row is just downright embarrassing you loser.
I have a negative six pack
Driving through the ghetto (w/Jason Nash ) 
Walking is just a series of controlled falls. So you're always falling. Free falling. Damn you, Tom Petty.
I will destroy your soul #tbt 
Alright guys Q&amp;A is over. If I didnt answer your question, I apologize and will send you a puppy. Might not be alive when it arrives, though
“@77Emilee: do you often ponder over the meaning of life?" The meaning of life is to go to MAGCON. But now that's over so life's meaningless
“@dominique_711:  what would do you without vine?” I'd be a sandwich artist
“@PewdsWasTakenn:  what do you do when you're not vining???” I'm the kingpin of a meth empire and I also enjoy frisbee golf
“@_LaurenRay_:  what are the benefits of having so many followers on vine?” I mean.........you get contacted by Badoo a lot......
“@xoxoCherryTop: who's a writer/director who's work you really enjoy?” Quentin Tarantino. His stuff is just bananas
“@naomijen:  do you have a favorite spot in LA yet?” West Hollywood cause everyone's super nice and really homosexual. I feel at home
“@ShapiroRose: what's ur favourite word?” Kumquat for obvious reasons
“@ItsAngeloooo: Why are some of your vines feel like you're about to commit suicide?” Cause science
“@MJ_Booker: would you rather write, direct, or act?” I'd like to do all three, but writing is my main focus right now. Writing is bae
“@cliffxrdmeth: most annoying viner?” Viners do nothing but attempt to entertain. Some are better than others but comedy is subjective
“@ffreckled_:  are you a female” I actually don't have any genitalia. It's like a Ken doll down there
“@carterscashtag:  wheres walter?” Watching me type this
“@CL_music32: favorite vine you've ever made?” The recent "Post Apocalyptic Couple" Vine because it involved murder and that's always fun
“@jessecalvillo: .can I get a shout out?” Tell Cameron Dallas to follow me pls he is bae
“@Lindsey_Mank:  what's your favorite thing about LA?” The homeless fellow who masturbates outside my apartment on the weekdays
“@howareyou2dae: favorite movie?” Taxi Driver
“@M1KayKay: what do you hate the most?” Not being Cameron Dallas' bae
“@Erik5SOS: favorite video game?” Grand Theft Auto V. When that comes out on PC, I'm going to play until my eyes bleed
“@EyePadzilla:  how often do you use narcotics recreationally?” I'm a drug dealer, and I don't get high on my own supply.....so never
“@jademicheIIe: @BJCalvillo fave comedian?” George Carlin &amp; Louie CK. They are/were modern day philosophers
“@FlyingToPluto: did you have a good experience in high school?” High school was like a rectal exam, I liked it a lot
“@connorgooch: @BJCalvillo Will this get answered” Who knows
“@hayridehoran: @BJCalvillo who is your favorite viner to work with?” Jason Nash definitely. Christiano Covino is my bae so that's different
“@LemurLikesLemon: @BJCalvillo Favorite show?” Breaking Bad &amp; Louie
“@hannah__lois: where do you think you'll be in ten years??” In Swedan with my wife Helga, where we will run a chinchilla farm.
“@LalaizSoRandom: what alley way is that that you're always shooting vines?” Its not just any alleyway......ITS THE ALLEYWAY
“@KittykatTravis: @BJCalvillo favorite song?” At the moment? "Lunge Foward" by Wavves
“@naomijen: have you been auditioning for many parts?” Not actively. Currently writing two movies and hopefully acting in those. Who knows
“@KittykatTravis: @BJCalvillo favorite band?” Wavves
“@brennlz:  why do you hate most of the popular viners?” They actually all hate me because I gave them all herpes
“@LalaizSoRandom: how you adjusting to fame?” What is this "fame" that you speak of? I'm popular on a phone app, so that's cool I guess
“@kyleoman: how long does it take you to produce a vine from start to finish?” Four score and seven years
“@mayraIucero:  would you ever kiss @heyChristiano?” He'd have to buy me a nice dinner first. I'm no whore
“@sarahcleaver316: how tall are you. I've always wanted to know.” 6 foot 1. I'm actually just three midgets in a 20 year old bodysuit.
“@jxzmineidc: why don't you ever smile in your selfies” ever since I was a child, I made a commitment to never express happiness on camera
I got 30 mins to kill. Q&amp;A time. Ask whatever
I just drank three Monster Energy drinks in 5 mins. Now my eyes are bleeding and I'm urinating hydrofluoric acid. #relatable
If bees could talk 
I just became friends with a shirtless Jamaican man who was walking his Pomeranian. His name was Adrian. Slowly starting to love Los Angeles
Awkward Goodbyes w/Jason Nash 
I just ate a fried Twinkie that was dipped in chocolate and had bacon wrapped around it. Cardiac arrest never tasted so good.
Life is a series of ups and downs, like a roller coaster ride that you were forced to get on by your douchebag friends.
Favorite this Instagram for a Revine
Some people ask "Why?". I ask "Why are you pooping in my bed, grandma?"
Alec, the Cracked Out Uncle w/Jason Nash 
"Don't be a twat, Brandon" - what I say to myself while I'm on a date
I just had a protein shake with two scoops of ice cream in it because logic
Currently giving birth to a full grown man. I probably should have taken the Epidural. 
The Feminine Cop w/Vincent Marcus &amp; Kayla L Chaikin 
I just came..... 
Woke up this morning feeling extremely lethargic with a splitting headache and a dash of regret.......YAY ADULTHOOD!
I turn 20 today. So I got 365 days to go till I can drink a brown liquid that makes people feel good and make terrible decisions. Can't wait
Celebrating my birthday with my mother at Disneyland 
A couple after The Apocalypse w/ Allegra Masters 
I've contemplated suicide, but I've also contemplated opening a Caramel Apple stand in Utah. I'll NEVER do either, but I've thought about it
People who ask questions while watching a movie (w/Jason Nash ) 
"Vhen life hands you lemons, kill ze Jews" - Hitler if he was a motivational speaker
I'm an exceptionally unexceptional human being.
I'm going to be an uncle. Can't wait to show my niece videos of boys lip syncing on Vine/YouTube to show her who it's ok to beat with a bat.
Clouds are like farts in the sky. Sorry, I'm delusional at the moment.
If your phone could talk 
How to ruin an intense moment 
I'm guessing the grilled cheese was invented by a man who forgot to get meat at the store that day and just said "fuck it we'll do it live!"
What's black and doesn't work? Decaffeinated coffee, you racist bastard.
The Feminine Hitman w/ Courtney Miller 
Some people think Viners are Illuminati. If Viners are a part of the Illuminati, then they must have an extremely easy initiation to get in.
I once took 20 laxatives and smoked a ton of weed, just for shits and giggles.
I'm easily distracted. w/Brendon McNerney &amp; Christiano Covino 
When someone says "Come on!" I usually respond with "On what?"
If humans acted like cats (Inspired by Sara Hopkins ) 
Making assumptions w/Klarity 
Respect your elders, because one day you'll be one.
(Made using Oldify, download at 
Social media has made it easier than ever to become an obsessed stalker that ends up with a restraining order.
Hey everyone, stop twerking. You look like a dog trying to wiggle out a loose shit.
Brain Freeze w/Alphonso McAuley &amp; Christiano Covino 
My penis was in the Guinness book of World Records, but then the librarian told me to pull it out.
I wonder if I can construct a functioning hot air balloon that uses a giant pufferfish instead of a balloon.
It's hotter than Satan's asshole today.
Serious question: should I ask this man at the gym if he's Jamie Foxx, or should I just avoid the unintentional racism?
If self-confidence is attractive, then I fell off the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
If your smoke detector could talk 
The best part about being single is everything.
Guns don't kill people, funny cat videos do.
Responsibilities 
America, Land of the Free Wi-Fi
I can't wait for Taken 3. Then when they make the porno version "Taken from Behind". Then after that, the kids movie "Taken to the Zoo"
The Horrible Doctor w/Christiano Covino 
Brent Rivera has my brother @jessecalvillo blocked on Vine. It's tearing him apart. Let's fix this problem together
#GetBrentToUnblockJesse
The Horrible Friend 
My Vines have been viewed over 285 million times. In other news, my mom still has zero fucks to give.
Doctor's Visit w/Brendon McNerney 
I got an extra bagel from Starbucks, so I gave it to a homeless man. In return, he gave me a 30 min lecture on how to make it in Hollywood.
Jinx w/Jason Nash 
My Saturday night consists of a donkey, a Guatemalan prostitute and a copy of "Frozen" on Blu-ray
Everytime I scroll through the "Comedy" page on Vine, it makes me reconsider entering society again for the rest of my existence.
Summer 
"My word! That female is so physically attractive I want to be deceased! I would intercourse with her so hardcore!" - me at the club
Walked by a rabbi on the street with the bushiest beard I'd ever seen. I said "Dude, nice beard". He responded "Dude, nice vines". Day made.
If your microwave could talk 
Music Recommendation Monday @wavves 
I'd watch the game right now but this is much more entertaining 
How therapists make money w/Brendon McNerney 
I went into a Banana Republic and did not spot a single potassium filled fruit........STOP FEEDING ME LIES OBAMA
The First Date Director w/Jake Moreno &amp; Courtney Miller 
"It's Friday night, I should be staying out late, but I'd rather stay home and masturbate" - from my new single "Clinically Depressed BJ"
My inner thoughts are like the ingredients in bologna, if you were to know what they were you'd be disturbed and probably vomit.
Alec, the Cracked Out Uncle w/Jason Nash 
Allow me to clarify any ambiguity about my sexual orientation........I like to bang turtles.
"We give a shit" - political slogan for the National Constipation Association
I like feeling emotions. I should do it more often.
No Wi-Fi 
Happy I'm Never Going To Be One Of These Because The World Is Only Getting Worse And Bringing A Child Into It Is Horribly Unethical Day
The Horrible Kidnapper w/Olivia Sui 
Listening to Nickelback is like masturbation; I don't tell people that I do it and after I'm finished I feel empty inside.
How to ruin a dramatic scene. w/Allegra Masters 
It's 11 on a Friday night and you're on Twitter. Get your shit together, Brandon.
Hey all men, punching a wall will do absolutely nothing to resolve the shitty situation you're in, nor will it make you feel better about it
Wow, the trailer for "Dumb and Dumber To" is just.........terrible.
What's happening? 
For those of you assuming I don't like living in LA because I said it's horrible, you're wrong. I love it here. Then again, I'm a masochist
Apologies for my overwhelming cynicism, but I just found out my beanie baby collection got lost in my move out to LA. Why even go on living?
Los Angeles: where the food is ludicrously overpriced, the traffic is abysmal and the people are about as fake as their $20,000 nose jobs.
Follow your dreams. Follow them straight into a busy freeway.
Had the craziest time last night! Not just saying that to fool you into believing that I have a great social life! Totally not dead inside!
Life's like a box of chocolates, you'll probably end up getting diabetes.
Vine comments in real life. w/Jake Moreno 
I lived in social isolation before it was cool.
If you took out all the sex in a porno, left  only the dialogue and said it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan, no one would ask questions
The Secret Stoner w/Chris Pimentel 
If you honk at me because I'm walking too slow across the crosswalk, I will get into your car and smack your face off of your face.
Burger King makes me want to puke up blood and punch a baby panda in the face (this tweet brought to you by McDonalds)
Roommates w/Klarity 
I went all out shopping at a Bed Bath &amp; Beyond yesterday for my new place. Typing that just now made my testosterone levels drop by 30%
Out on my own 
Finally got my own place in LA 
You should take everything you see/hear on the internet super serial and for sure voice your opinion because everyone needs to know/cares
I don't need drugs cause I'm already so high on life. JK I'm on antidepressants lul
All the drugs that I do are gluten free.
The Feminine Hobo w/Ry Doon 
They say that chronic masturbation causes blindness. That couldn't be farther from the trutajajqhamdncmdlclwkqkxjdndnwkalxmndsnHjkkgffgjvv
"Follow your nose, wherever it goes, especially if it leads you to a giant mountain of cocaine" -Toucan Sam in the 80's
Why? w/Nash Grier #RIPMAGCON 
My cab driver just got pulled over for speeding. In other news, I'm gonna be late for my meeting and the meter's still running. LIFES GOOD
Self deprication is the best form of humor, I'm just no good at it because I suck.
The Horrible Therapist 
"Is it walking distance?" Yes it is, because literally every place on earth is walking distance, just depends on how long you wanna walk.
Moving out 
Tampon jokes aren't funny, period.
Only true pimps sit down criss-cross applesauce, ya dig?
Back at the gym, ready to kick-start my self-loathing #motivationaltweet
Hey guys, looking for a blind, 80-year old Vietnamese prostitute for the filming of a.....uh......VINE! That's right, just a Vine.
The Feminine Paramedic w/Jesse Calvillo 
Mobsters talk about cats vs dogs w/Vincent Marcus &amp; Christiano Covino 
The Ex-Stripper w/Amanda Cerny &amp; Liane V 
My dog chases more pussy than I do.
I'm a fan of this new anti-social media app called GETOFFYOURPHONEANDGOOUTSIDEYOUFUCK
The Horrible Health Coach w/Amanda Cerny 
Nothing says "today's gonna be a great day" like waking up to a homeless man smoking crack outside your place.
I got into a cab, and my driver had a huge picture of Taylor Swift on his dashboard. He turned on the radio and "22" came on. It was magical
The Real Life Narrator w/Jake Foushee 
I never order Fish &amp; Chips when I go to restaurants. I order Filet O Fish &amp; Freedom Fries cause IM AN AMERICAN YA COMMIE!
When you forget someone's name w/Jason Nash 
"I laughed harder than I should have!" I don't get it, do you have a condition that allows you to only laugh a certain volume? I'm confused.
The Feminine Cowboy w/Christiano Covino 
If at first you don't succeed, dont try skydiving.
Douchenozzle - someone who shops at whole foods and brags about it
Taco Time w/ Christiano Covino &amp; Klarity 
They all laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well, they're not laughing now.
Alec, the Cracked Out Uncle w/Jason Nash 
I wonder if E.T. would've been able to phone home if he had AT&amp;T as his service provider.
Sorry for all the terrible Twitter jokes, everyone. I hired Nash Grier to be my Twitter ghost writer in exchange for a trip to Disneyland.
This is a funny joke, but the one about the kleptomaniac baker takes the cake.
Mobsters talk about One Direction w/Vincent Marcus &amp; Christiano Covino 
The Horrible Negotiator w/Vincent Marcus 
It's 9am and you're on Twitter, what're you doing with your life Brandon?
I told my mom that eating Tofurky for lunch was bad juju, and now our car is broken down in the middle of LA. Happy Muddas Day!
"My name is Brandon Calvillo and I'm a chocoholic" - me if I ever end up in an AA meeting
So a blind man walks into a bar....and then a table.....and a chair.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
How to ruin an intense moment 
I don't give a gosh darn what you haters think of me, because WeeklyChris thinks I'm beautiful AND THATS ALL THAT MATTERS!
So I was walking down the street, and this guy with premature ejaculation comes out of nowhere.....
The Horrible Realtor w/Rudy Mancuso 
I'm good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.
I want to make a poop pun, but I guess I'm shit out of luck.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
The Feminine Cop w/Allegra Masters 
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
House Hunting w/Klarity &amp; Jake Moreno 
A couple after The Apocalypse. w/Allegra Masters 
You guys know where I can find a manic-depressive girl who will punch me in the face upon request? I'm asking for a friend, obviously.
Wanna see me murder a pizza man? Go watch the first episode of @SHFTYshow at 
Caught my father off guard. 
"What Did You Do Last Night?" w/Chad Alligood &amp; Allegra Masters 
A couple after The Apocalypse. w/Allegra Masters 
Farm life 
Still Thuggin' 
Hi guyz new Vine up on my Vine account plz like and revine my Vine becuz I base my self worth on the amount of likes I get on a phone app!
Things you should never call your black friend. w/Klarity 
Dads vs Stepdads w/Christiano Covino 
@vinehelp @ckb hey so my brother @jessecalvillo vine account got deleted. Could you help him out, please?
The Honest High School Teacher 
@carlyincontro Jes. I've dishonored my family.
The Feminine Monster 
Pigeons w/Allegra Masters &amp; Jake Moreno 
A gay man hit on me today at the gym. I was genuinely flattered, but then he looked closer and said "Oh sorry I thought you were Nash Grier"
my #MCM THE BAE @jessecalvillo. hide your small children cuz his sexual explosions dont discriminate! 
I know this is an overused joke, but I just wanna savor this moment..... 
Hope everyone had a safe and happy Kwanzaa!
Straight Thuggin' 
If I go to my 10 year high school reunion I'm bringing a katana sword, wearing a jetpack and stuffing my pants with cotton to show I made it
An innocent white kid walks through an alley. w/Jay Walker 
Don't favorite this tweet.
Batman &amp; Robin: Roomates w/ Christiano Covino 
Accident 
The Horrible Lawyer (Inspired by JCyrus) 
A white trash father trying to get his son to eat dinner. 
Butterpersonality - when a female is exceptionally attractive physically, but she has the personality of a month old chicken nugget
@WahlidM and @jessecalvillo are the hottest guys on social media but srsly Im getting off your computer now brandon wont happen again
Everyone follow @jessecalvillo because we are best friends and we love eachother and miss eachother and he takes care of my dog and swag
An innocent white kid goes for a walk. 
Hotels 
How to ruin an intense moment. 
The Feminine Robber. w/STEPH BARKLEY 
My trailer for @SHFTYshow is live on YouTube. Check it out if ya know, you want to. Or don't. But you should..PLEASE 
Twitter asks "what's happening"? Nothing, that's why I'm on Twitter.
You're only as healthy as you feel, and I feel like a Triple Whopper with cheese, so I feel like horseshit.
Taking off your glasses makes everything more dramatic. 
The guy who is terrible at parties and goes into the bathroom to calm his anxiety. 
When your friend eats the last Cheeto. w/Christiano Covino 
CONSPIRACY THEORY: White people have no rhythm, and Guitar Hero was created to make them feel better about themselves
When I'm at a Taco Bell drive thru at 4 in the morning, I assume the person giving me my food knows that I'm clinically depressed.
A teenage girl goes on a date. w/Christiano Covino 
Quality time with my big brother. 
#LateNightVine 
"Whole Foods? More like Whole Farts!" -hipster vegetarian that grows their own vegetables
Turning on the air conditioner 
God I love America. The 1970's folk band, I mean. The country is kinda meh.
The first #SHFTY sketch "Juice Cleanse" is coming soon. Here is a preview of what's to come. Be sure to subscribe 
Who the hell do I think I am? Got no clue, buddy.
The Horrible Therapist 
They were all like "how many licks does it take to make it to the center of a Tootsie Pop, the world may never know" CHALLENGE ACCEPTED MOFO
WeeklyChris is going to make a great phone sex operator when he grows up.
The friend who asks you to text for them while they drive. 
I asked this ditch digger if he was a fan of jazz music and he replied "I can dig it". This is the most idiotic tweet I have ever twatted.
Red lights that take forever to change. 
A 6 inch sub from Subway is only 5.5 inches STOP FEEDING ME LIES OBAMA!
Quality time with my mother. 
Vine of the week goes to @tony_tomahawk 
Morning pep talk 
Currently sitting in bumper to bumper traffic. Times like this make me wish Xzibit had pimped my ride.
"If you like it then ya shoulda put a ring on it" - Frodo in the inevitable Lord of the Rings remake in 2026
Going to the doctor 
To learn why I am firing this gun, Subscribe to 
A teenage girl falls in love. 
Just woke up from my hardcore TUMS and Kool Aid binge from last night. #TurnUp #blessed
I may not have a college degree, but I do know all the lyrics to Sir Mix-A-Lots "Baby Got Back" , so I feel accomplished in life.
"Looking back, maybe getting a vasectomy was something I should have done." - my father
Got clothes? Upload a pic of the item you want to TheHunt app, and others will tell you where to find it. #... 
#BrandonWastes5SecondsOfYourLifeByHavingYouReadThisPointlessTweetThatIsGoingNoWhere
Knock First. w/Eric Artell 
Going outside w/Jesse Calvillo 
I couldnt get into MAGCON and meet my baes so i gained 30 pounds eatin pizza rollz and cryin myself to sleep WATS THE POINT OF LIVING?!?!
That awkward moment when your doctor asks how your love life is going as he's got his hands on your genitals.
"So then I said 'Well I would call an ambulance grandma, but I found out you don't follow me on Twitter." - my eulogy at my grandmas funeral
Just had two cans of Vienna sausages for lunch/dinner. #VineFamous
But dat bad grammar, doe.......
I don't know how to use emojis so I just take pictures of my different expressions and send them to people. Even the poop emoji.....
Asking Joe Pesci if he wants to do  Revine 4 Revine. 
A teenage girl meets a guy online. w/Christiano Covino 
If Aquaman ever got fat, he could just blame it on water-weight (Ba Dum Tssssss!)
I've watched Taxi Driver three times this week and regret nothing. That movie is the definition of a masterpiece. #BrandonSaysObviousShit
I haven't tweeted today and am feeling creatively drained, but I still want to make you laugh. So.....uh...........dick biscuit?
Friday nights 
I just got back from the doctor and he told me I've got a bad case of I'mNotADoctorGetOutOfMyHouseOrI'mCallingThePoliceitus.
It doesn't matter if I went to a supermarket in the middle of Alaska, an old lady with coupons would still be in front of me in line.
No food. 
I walked by a homeless man today. He held a sign that said "Lost everything. Will clean windows for a revine." Tough times for Josh Kwondike
I love my dog but sometimes our relationship is ruff (slowly puts shotgun in mouth)
Remember Viners, a ''like'' or a ''follow'' is just somebody pressing a button. Don't let something so small consume you.
I just owned my dad at Ultimate Frisbee and he responded by disowning me.
Brent Rivera is Daniel Day-Lewis's acting coach.
When teenage girls leave comments asking boys to marry them, I'm just like....HAVE YOU SEEN MY PARENTS?!?
I'm watching "There Will Be Blood" on Netflix and have yet to see any product placement by Tampax. A wasted opportunity if you ask me.
If Tweens were Nazis then Vine is like Poland.
Gum 
Earthquake joke #127: That wasn't an earthquake, I just came.
That wasn't an earthquake, that was Michael Moore after eating Chipotle. Sorry for the confusion, LA.
I like to think that I'm a mature adult, but whenever I hear someone use the word "come" or "came", I can't help but giggle like an idiot.
I may not have abdominal's, but I've got Bionicles..........SO I WIN 
"Good job. What do you want, a cookie?" Uh, what kind of question is that? YOU BET YOUR TIGHT LITTLE ASS I WANT A COOKIE!!!!!
Two teenage girls order lunch. w/Klarity 
My To-Do List 
If you brag about how big your social media following is you are the equivalent of a 3rd grader bragging about how many Pokémon cards he has
Every single man with carpal tunnel syndrome will be asked at least once in their lifetime if they got it from chronic masturbation. FACT.
I want to delete every selfie I've ever taken on Instagram because I just realized that selfies are fucking boring.
So I guess my Vine was on Tosh.0 last night. So you know.......that's a thing that happened..... 
If I was Stevie Nicks drug dealer, I'd sell her some Streethood Crack.
(In Brooklyn Accent) So then I says to my wife I says "YOU MAKE SOME VALID POINTS! MAYBE I SHOULD DO THE DISHES!" And then I dids them I did
You ever wake up in the morning, look yourself in the mirror and think "Huh, wonder why there's a dead clown in my bathtub?"
Because the first thing I think of when I buy a new game is "Boy I can't wait to trade this in!" THANKS GAMESTOP! 
The guy who gave me my Quarter Pounder at McDonald's today dropped it as he was putting it in the bag and I was like "BRO DO U EVEN LIFT?!"
When people call me immature I just repeatedly shout "I KNOW YOU ARE BUT WHAT AM I!?"
Baby crying next to me on a plane&lt;Opening emergency door and jumping out of the plane
"Yeah but we should name the band after me, because.....well, I'm the fucking greatest." - Dave Matthews
I really need a gym buddy. Scratch that, I need a buddy named Jim. Come to think of it, I just need friends in general.
Booking a hotel for Pharrell. 
I'd really like it if this prostitute in my trunk would stop screaming, I'm trying to talk on the phone with my grandma.
I will haunt your nightmares for eternity. 
THURSDAYS. w/ @iamkcjames @klarity_ @heychristiano and a bear 
You ever look at someone you despise and just think, ''Huh, I wonder what they would look like with my foot up their ass?''
Just hanging out with my new girlfriend! w/ theonlygiz 
Asking my mom to "Do it for the Vine". 
This gay bar has great Wi-Fi.
"Did the singer from My Chemical Romance win for Best Supporting Actor?" - quote from actual human being at the Oscar party I attended
Hey @ParamountPics, if you're still casting for the next Friday the 13th film, I'd be honored to play the nerd that gets killed 30 mins in.
Dead Rising 3 is like Dynasty Warriors meets Left 4 Dead combined with Grand Theft Auto, and that's a REALLY good thing.
Being Beyonce's doctor. 
Let's play a game called "See how long you will continue to read this tweet before you realize that it's going no where". Winner gets laid.
Two teenage girls watch teenage boys on Vine. 
Gay jokes are getting old lesbehonest.
When someone's says "I'm literally dead" I'm just like "I literally want to murder you and put your body in a wood chipper".
Literally dead. 
Rain. 
Someone told me "If you're feeling down, keep your head up" today, so I did just that. It was beautiful, until a bird took a shit in my eye.
THURSDAYS. 
Tried making an "Or Na?" Vine with my mother. 
"You should tweet more, ya twat!" - voice in my head that sounds exactly like Willem Dafoe
Hey little boys on Popular Now, stop teasing your 13 year old fangirls and just show them your wieners already.
What really happens when the killer disappears in horror movies. 
Forever in love. w/ @iamkcjames 
Brent Rivera's older brother, Tanner. (This Vine took an hour to film because we couldn't stop laughing) 
Puppy love. 
So apparently a 6 foot tall 19 year old playing in a bounce house isn't socially acceptable. Oh I'm sorry I THOUGHT THIS WAS MERICA?!
A teenage girl in therapy. w/David Lopez 
Rest in peace @nickspears . I never got to meet you, but you were a truly hilarious Viner who made me smile often. You will be missed.
If you're bummed that your creative endeavor doesnt get mainstream success, remember; Arrested Development was canceled after only 3 seasons
The creepy guy who works at the pet store. 
A crime against humanity. w/Daniel Carlson 
Kudos to The LEGO Movie for making me cry. It reminded me that I actually do have....uh...."emotions"? That's what they're called, right?
The Human Torch at 19. 
I really want an Xbox One but already have a PS4, Wii U, PS3, 3DS, and gaming PC. Typing all that made me realize how financially savvy I am
So me and @Klarity_ 's Vine was featured on The Ellen Show. So.......that's a thing....... 
I've gained 20 pounds in 2 months. #VineFamous
Not a picture. 
Everyone is so anti-social nowadays. 
Starting off my Tuesday with a little..... 
How to not get killed in a horror movie. 
Since I assume most of you have Netflix, I highly recommend Red State. @ThatKevinSmith is the bomb behind the camera, yo.
I wouldn't call my room a "Pigsty", because I'm pretty sure even pigs have a higher standard of living than my abomination of a room.
A teenage girl gets betrayed by her best friend. w/Jesse Calvillo 
Just finished The Last of Us "Left Behind". Such an emotionally impactful experience. @TheVulcanSalute gave such an incredible performance.
Who needs a Valentine anyway? 
If you wait for a holiday that was created to sell Hallmark cards to be romantic to your partner, than you're doing it wrong. Happy Feb 14th
Walter wants me to be his Valentine. 
I remember when I was a kidthese things scaring me so bad that I'd soil myself. Ah who am I kidding, I still do. 
Gonna light a few candles, spread roses around the room, and put on some Barry White while I take a big ol dump on Valentines Day.
There's always money in the banana stand....
Someone's getting fired.... 
The "Dog Whisperer" 
Vine is down. Meanwhile, a child in Africa just had an apple core for lunch/dinner after watching his family get murdered.
When you see a commercial for Vagisil that is immediately followed by a commercial for Taco Bell, your giggling is justified.
The Illuminati are always watching, even when your taking a poo. #nowhereissafe 
Coffins can cost as much as $30,000. So you're telling me I'm paying 30 G's for something I'm going to bury in the ground? WHERE DO I SIGN?!
A teenage girl gets a Valentine. 
Hey young girls who keep referring to their crush as "perfect", what's going to happen in 10 years when he might...I dunno....commit murder?
SACKED. 
Sharing is caring.....unless you want me to share my seedless grapes.....if that's the case you can fuck right off.
Honesty is the best policy, but if the truth will hurt my feelings, then by all means tell me lies.
That awkward moment when you're taking a selfie in your car and you notice a cop behind you. Yay,… 
The Pianist is the one of few films that makes me question the morality of man while simultaneously making me hungry for bread and soup.
MONDAYS. 
I told this guy to have a nice day today, and he responded "I've been told that about 90 times today, my day is worse because of that fact."
The Conjuring: The Early Years 
How to ruin an intense moment. 
My friend asked me if tomorrow was my last day alive, how would I spend it? I then began punching him and asking who he was working for.
Flappy Bird is being taken down. Creator says it's causing him stress. Must be really stressful choosing which small island you want to buy.
The Omen: Damien's Puppy 
A teenage girl calls a boy creepy. 
“@bladesofhalo95: you blocked me on vine dude what the fuck not my fault you cant handle a joke" I only block those who insult my family.
Friday vibes. 
#tbt to when I was a sperm. 
I've come to the realization that men above the age of 12 typically don't sit with their legs criss-cross apple sauced. My life is a lie.
No. 
#wcw 
"Come on Eileen" #SongNamesThatSoundLikePornos
When you run into someone you haven't seen since high school. 
Funniest Vine of the day. Thank you @tony_tomahawk for this masterpiece. 
Pure bliss.. 
I made my girlfriend dinner once and she said "don't quit your dayjob". I replied "Jokes on you, I already did!" She dumped me shortly after
I'm genuinely excited to see The LEGO Movie and if you think that's immature then shut up boogerface or I'll give you a wedgie!
Resisting my inner child. 
Grocery shopping for my mom. 
I haven't done a teenage girl Vine in a while because Vine has been full of them lately. I'll NEVER put on a wig and dress. Quote me on that
Dick pic. 
I haven't showered yet and it's almost 6pm. #VineFamous
Creep. 
MONDAYS. 
When someone does a following spree, it's essentially that person wanting thousands of complete strangers knowing that they eat at Taco Bell
Guy who thinks he's a werewolf so he tries eating his brothers face. 
The worlds greatest unsolved mystery lies in a locker at my gym. 
Philip Seymour Hoffman has apparently died from a drug overdose. Another brilliant actor gone long before his time. Rest in peace, sir.
Philip Seymour Hoffman. OH MY GOD NO.
Fugg boots. 
Flappy Bird sounds like what a pornstar would nickname their genitalia.
Vine math: Overly exaggerated relatable scenario + iTunes Top 20 pop song with lyrics describing situation + slow-motion = PROFIT(likes)
I had a bear claw for breakfast this morning. Now I'm on the run from police and forest rangers for animal cruelty. SMH.
One of the greatest unsolved mysteries lies within a locker at my gym. 
I once asked a girl if she wanted to play Flappy Bird, but this was back in 2011, so I was put into custody.
Sometimes I get lost. 
So it's probably not a good sign that I can relate to the film "American Psycho", huh?
@curtislepore your a stewpid face meanie head with a smelly dawg.
Idiots. 
"OMGZ THIS CINNABON IS LIKE TOTES DELISH!" -girl who I hope chokes on her Cinnabon
Taking the bus. 
Ok guys, that's all the time I have for questions. Will do another Q&amp;A sometime in the future when I've got the time. Peace, ducklings.
“@RyDoon: @BJCalvillo I'm thinking about sending a dick pic to my crush. Are dick pics romantic? Or just sexy” they are shakespearean.
“@blurp88: are you supportive of the LGBT community" Humans should be allowed to love other humans, no matter what's between their legs.
“@AmandaSonoras: what's your favorite thing about living in Cali?” The people. The weather. The earthquakes. The horrible economy
“@ournarryfeels: @BJCalvillo do you play flappy bird?” Yes but in real life. I throw dead birds down rusty pipes. Helps me relax.
“@Jennifuuuh: @BJCalvillo what made you want to start on vine ?” I wanted to make videos about my dog Charlie. But I only had an iPhone.
“@NJonca: @BJCalvillo Do you have a good relationship with your Mom?” She is actually one of my best friends. No sarcasm there.
“@MonicaRenee7292: @BJCalvillo How is your brother doing? :)” he's doing great. Making a steady recovery to sobriety. Proud of that sexy SOB
“@fabulouslybased:  what do you think about social media drama between viners?” Better than porn.
“@ElyWiener: @BJCalvillo what do you want to be when you grow up?” Actor, director, writer if possible. I like to think and pretend.
“@jenna_rayo:  is it weird when people come up to you and ask to take a picture?” Not anymore. What is weird is when a 40 year old does....
“@NJonca: @BJCalvillo how do you come up with your vine ideas?” They come to me. I ask them to be at my house everyday at 5pm.
“@ashleynicole237: if you had to be locked in a room for 24 hours with any viner of your choice who would you choose?” NASH GRIER AWMAWGAWD
“@kayygee562: @BJCalvillo do you plan on ever having a YouTube channel?” Hopefully. I want to start making short films like I used to in HS.
“@WlLDHEART: @BJCalvillo why is your dog so angry” because he has less followers than me.
“@ournarryfeels: @BJCalvillo favorite song atm?” The Mother We Share by CHVRCHES
“@dirlingheeriopp: did you ever have a "followers goal" or do you now?” Never have, never will. I just make stuff, if people like it, cool.
“@brittini_r0s3: @BJCalvillo favorite viner??” I have 2. Rudy Mancuso and RED 6. Those two make me happy and smile and stuff.
“@mackinyall: @BJCalvillo are you a sarcastic asshole or are you just sarcastic and think it's funny?” Both.
“@janeemarie97: @BJCalvillo what is your life like outside of Vine?” Pretty boring. I have a puppy that I take care of, and a meth empire.
“@CaraEileenx3: @BJCalvillo why does your mom drive you everywhere?” Because I am irresponsible and lazy. No license, no car.
“@salehali03: @BJCalvillo How do you feel about Brent Rivera?” We're besties.
“@MarioAZarate: any advice for new viners?” Don't try to be something you are not. Make yourself laugh. Never pander to an audience.
“@naomijen: @BJCalvillo what's your favorite tv show?” I have 3. Louie, Breaking Bad and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Cheating I know.
“@yungeyezz: @BJCalvillo favorite thing to do when you're bored?” Play video games, listen to jazz, write, breath.
“@Drifta_Way: @BJCalvillo who is your biggest comedic influence?” Louis C.K.
“@himynameisraulh: @BJCalvillo can you speak Spanish ?” Nope. A shame, really. I am unable to understand what 75% of my family are saying
“@aurora1513: @BJCalvillo are you ever planning to have a meet and greet?” I have horrible anxiety brought on by mass crowds......so maybe.
Got 20 mins free, so might as well do a Q&amp;A, right? I mean it's only logical. Ask me anything.
@carlyincontro cut off your leg.
I don't understand the need for mirrors on every wall at the gym. It can make even the most humble individual look like a narcissist.
Hey top Viners, please continue to make Flappy Bird Vines. I like to watch them while having a Hispanic dwarf strangle me with a belt.
If you play Flappy Bird you encourage design plagiarism. Those green pipes look awfully familiar, wouldn't ya say? 
The teacher who thinks he's a comedian. (Inspired by Austin Burke) 
Selfie in an elevator, because why not? 
Having serious creative block today. Either I won't post a Vine or it's going to be something that makes absolutely no frickin sense.
The guy at the gyms front desk smells like a Llama. Matter of fact, he kind of looks like a Llama too. And he sounds like David Spade. Weird
Not a bong. 
Hey guys, I'm doing a following spree! Everyone who follows me onto a busy freeway gets a trip to the hospital or morgue!
Seeing some Viners complain about the death of revine 4 revine is hilarious. It's like seeing a child get his Xbox taken away. Funny stuff.
The sexiest dog alive. 
I'm waiting for the bus at a bus stop that has no bench, basically just standing immobile on the sidewalk like a crazy person. #VineFamous
People who can't "revine 4 revine" anymore so they have to force their fake apology be like... 
I'll haunt your nightmares. 
A teenage boy makes another relatable Vine. 
@ben_taylor89 then this reply is pointless. What is life? Where am I?
@nickmastodon @daz_black while I wait for the games, I'll probably just play through GTA V for the 5th time. Or.....you know....get a job.
People who do "Revine 4 Revine" in a nutshell. 
We're here to fuck shit up. 
And this is the comment that will get me blocked from Brent Rivera's page forever. I don't care, this had to be said 
Half-Mexican. w/David Lopez 
I'd watch The Grammys, but since recent pop music has made me want to shove a rusty fork in my ear, I decided to play The Last of Us instead
Big Viners stealing ideas from smaller Viners shot for shot is absolutely disgusting. You know who you are and should be ashamed of yourself
Guy who just realized his mom farted in the car. 
When there's only one soda left. w/Cody Johns 
How much do I charge for a Revine? I require your first born child, a unicorn who is fluent in Latin, and a coupon for half off at Bennigans
Drunk on life. 
@BrockBaker If this is what the new generation considers "comedy", then I'm throwing myself off a bridge into a volcano filled with snakes.
We used to only have one Dane Cook on Vine, now we've got about 20.
Moms be like.... 
Vine is home to some of the most creative minds I've ever met. It's also exposed some of the sleaziest scumbags on the planet. #1YearofVine
As the boy sat in the gym locker room, pondering existence itself, he couldn't help but be distracted by the old man's bare-naked ass.
Did you hear Miley Cyrus broke up with her boyfriend? Apparently they couldn't "twerk" it out. *Crickets followed by violent tomato throwing
A man from the 50's who has no idea what a selfie is and is confused by what exactly he is holding in… 
A teenage girl defends Justin Bieber's bad behavior. 
If you want to make the world a better place, it's simple: don't be a Cotton-Headed Ninnymuggins.
When Vine takes away revines (which it will) it's going to be awesome. We'll stop seeing the same tween douchebags over and over. Cant wait
Guy who has no idea how to take a picture in his bathroom. 
I honestly almost lost part of my face in my last Vine. My dog Charlie has NEVER shown his teeth before. That reaction was genuine.
SMILE. 
#BrandonsSuperHardcoreWorkoutPlaylist 
How women try getting out of tickets vs how men try getting out of tickets 
A horse trail with no horses. Needless to say I'm disappointed. 
Hey Boris Laursen, if you keep stealing kisses into your 40's, that's not cute anymore that's a sexual offender charge.
Dat awkward moment when you're eating a breakfast burrito and you bite into a human eyeball. And you're just like (YouTube clip) #relatable
Princess Peach invites Mario to have some of her "cake". Bowser kidnaps her because he longs for her "cake". Nintendo, you dirty bastards!
My mom got a new wrist tattoo. I guess she really likes my Vines. 
Listening to the Max Payne 3 soundtrack while I workout makes me feel like a severely depressed, middle aged alcoholic. Motivated!
Quality time with my father. 
#ThisTweetServesNoPurposeAndIfYouAReStillReadingThisOverlongHashtagThanYouAreADingus
@JakeBaldino 4 realz doe, PMI and BVG is da shiznit. Keep it up.
@JakeBaldino BECAUSE SPORTS AND FOOZBALL AND WINNING THE MATCH AND GETTING THE MOST POINTS!!!!AMERICA!!!!!
Being Eminem's therapist. 
Country music has devolved into something you would hear at a frat party in the 90's. "Cruise" would have to be the worst example of this.
Mi Padre. 
Just two dudes hanging out. W/ @jason23nash 
My goal is to grow a Zach Galifianakis beard by the end of 2014 so I will lose all my followers that are 12 years of age.
This waiter at Chili's just asked me if I wanted Pepsi instead of Coke. I said yes, but in my mind I told him to suck a big ol' bag of dicks
Atheist walks into Chik-fil-A. Atheist spontaneously combusts.
A teenage girl gets a reality check. 
The guy who goes to a TGI Fridays on a Friday and says "TGIF!" while inside probably doesn't have many friends.
Why am I taking a selfie in my gyms locker room? Because fuck you that's why. 
Spooning. 
I suffer the rare disease of HandForAMouthitus 
I think people would take me more serious if I wasn't a 20 year old with the hormones of a 13 year old.
Untitled. 
Vine is going to be odd for a little while. Hopefully, we can all mind our own damn business and not add any more fuel to this fire.
So the 2 liter bottle of soda I bought from the supermarket exploded after I opened it. I blame Obama.
Every time a teen celebrity tweets "I'm hungry" and it gets 200k retweets, I pop a blood vessel.
@BooKatiekayy12 nope, that would be a fraud account.
Sometimes I have pleasant thoughts of how truly beautiful life is, then I snap out of it when I remember I'm shopping at a Walmart.
If you name your child Cinnamon and you're surprised when she grows up to be a stripper/prostitute, you deserve a smack in the mouth.
Making an old person laugh. w/Jason Nash 
“@CalHeady: what games do you have on the PS4? I've noticed your exceptional taste in games in the past.” AC4 but waiting for Infamous: SS.
@meRyDoon oh dude, I'm gonna vine your brains out!
You guys remember when Vine was fun? When it wasn't just a bunch of kids trying to get famous by stealing ideas and jerkin each other off?
The saddest part of the Twilight movies is the end credits when you find out that someone with a functioning brain wrote this garbage.
Ke$ha during safety training. 
MONDAYS. 
This lady at the gym has had a smile on her face throughout her entire workout. Quite positive she is a robot. The apocalypse is nigh.
Driving to the gym, motivated, then "Adams Song" starts playing on the radio. Now all I want is to go home and cry in the shower.
Brotherly love with @socalsleep 
The irony of being popular on social media is that I generally hate most human beings and I find socializing with them boring.
Heaven is having a garage sale. 
This really attractive woman at my gym only recognizes me because I made her a sub at Subway back when I was employed there. #VineFame
Awkward conversations. w/Jason Nash 
@bottlerocket13 my Instagram got hacked but I was able to get back into it and change my password. All pics are gone though
I just spent 30 mins scrolling through Netflix and the only movie that seemed interesting was a movie about Nazi zombies. I miss Blockbuster
Things people never say when browsing the Internet. 
FRIDAY. 
I'm doing a following spree for the next millisecond. Thanks guys, that was great!
If you take all your pictures with a duckface, then you are a fuckface.
If you guys think I deserve an award for best ''Vineographer'', you can vote here: 
"Your acting is terrible in this Vine." Hey fuckface, I'm not an actor, I'm a 19 year old with an iPhone.
WEDNESDAY. 
It sucks when I have to unfollow someone because they were part of Team Circle-Jerk I mean Team Revine. Earn your following, stop cheating.
That moment you're walking your dog and he lets out a smelly fart and immediately 40 birds fall dead from the sky. #relatable #popularpage
If country singers were 911 operators. 
PlayStation Now sounds awesome! Now I can play The Last of Us on a tablet on my bus ride to work! Horrifically brutal murder on the go!
He's always watching..... 
Man from California complains about it being 80 degrees in December, man gets his legs broken by everyone who lives on the East Coast.
#TeenWolf starts TONIGHT at 10/9c on @MTV, and my family is…excited. 
A teenage boy makes his first relatable Vine. 
Just an FYI, no one gives a flying fuck that you have the same shirt/plates/phone case as the person on Instagram/Vine. Have a happy Monday!
When my dentist is cleaning my teeth, I like to stare deep into his eyes as Celine Dion plays in the background.
A mandatory power outage is happening in my neighborhood tomorrow for three hours. So for those three hours, I essentially won't exist.
We shit our pants at the same time! 
Man makes joke about 2013 being SOO last week, man wakes up in the middle of being waterboarded in North Korea.
This screenshot is wrong in so many ways. @curtislepore 
"OMGZ! EL POLLO LOCO TRANSLATED TO ENGLISH IS "THE CHICKEN CRAZY"! THAT DOESNT EVEN MAKE SENSE!" -lady sitting next to me at the bus stop
Vine comments in real life. (Inspired by Jay Walker) 
I was going to see the new Paranormal Activity tonight, but I decided to punch my stomach repeatedly until I vomited blood instead.
My Instagram mainly consists of selfies with my multiple dogs. Could someone explain to me why I have 90,000 followers on it?
#GetBrandonToGoOutside
"This protein shake tastes just like an ice cream sundae!" -lies I tell myself on a daily basis
You can now view and share my Vines from your desktop! So, it's essentially a 6 second YouTube. Here's my profile: 
For those who think my last vine has racist intentions, maybe my dog and I were fleeing the cops because she doesn't have her rabies shots?
Qué pasa, puppy? (What's up, puppy?) 
Lady Gaga's probably never even played poker. She sits on a throne of lies.
For those who write "though" as "tho", how much time does it take to write the additional three letters?
Taking my pup on a walk when I notice an old man stealing lemons from someone else's lemon tree. Don't worry guys, I called the police.
Whenever I make eye contact with a stranger, I never assume they know me from Vine. As such, I always make sure I have no food on my face.
Sometimes people take Mom jokes too far. w/Curtis Lepore 
THURSDAYS. 
When the dentist wants to talk. 
In case you haven't already read the 20 billion tweets stating this, just a reminder: It is in fact 2014.
The past 365 days have changed my life for the better. For the first time in my life, I'm excited for what the future holds. I love you all.
My New Year's resolution is to stop making New Year's resolutions that I know I will break within the first hour of the New Year.
I need a new pair of pants after seeing this. I LOVE YOU ALL. Thank you for making my 2013 not suck donkey balls. 
Making eye contact with someone who is attractive. 
#Brandon'sSuperHardcoreWorkoutPlaylist 
No one likes Cherry flavored Pop-Tarts.
@Joutsenlauluu my bro signed into my moms phone yesterday, and he didn't log out. My mom had no idea. So would you kindly shut your mouth?
Viners who are desperate for likes. 
A true loner. 
Just visited my brother @jessecalvillo in rehab. As soon as we were about to leave, a man started beating his ex. I hate my gender sometimes
Thor 3: The Early Years 
Twitter's direct messaging makes me want to punch a blind orphan in the face. I'd rather text you or just not talk at all.
Even though the actual Kevin Hart left Vine months ago, I still see him every day on Popular Now.
@AllieHelms I'm pretty sure Kevin Hart will sweep the nominees.
A teenage girl talks to her gardener, Juan. w/David Lopez 
Guy who is extremely paranoid that a ghost just opened his door. 
I'm eating a gorgeous looking salad right now. They might as well rename it "The Instagram salad".
Making sure you get everything you need before you sit down. 
Watching the theatrical version of "The Road" really just makes me want to play The Last of Us again for the 10th time.
Vine outtake. (I couldn't hold it when my father laughed) 
I was interviewed on the program ''Behind the Vine'' with @ericartell. Would you kindly give it a watch?

Hashtags are stupid. #Hypocrite
Goodbye, Blockbuster. 
Thanksgiving 2009. I was a bit heavier back in the day. 
Tip: DONT FOLLOW VINE MATH
Vine math: Relatable scenario that most hate + showing how you wish you could act in said scenerio via YouTube clip = PROFIT(likes/revines)
Lost Woods/Saria's Song (Remix) 
Hitler probably did so many following sprees.
My father is so thoughtful. 
Guy who just realized that he despises his brothers face. 
You've seen this same tweet 9 billion times today, so here's 9 billion and one. Merry Christmas, ya dinguses!
Guy who just realized he has to get all of his Christmas shopping done on Christmas Eve. 
Charlie the "Happy" Puppy! 
A Nightmare Before Christmas. 
Christmas shopping at the mall right now.... 
My gym smells like the inside of a Dominos pizza today. Why do you torment me, God?
(Honk) BETCH!
A teenage girls Christmas miracle. 
A Christmas tree without a star is like a comedic tweet with no punch line.
Just two brothers hanging out. Love this guy to death. @socalsleep 
Bioshock Infinite was one of my favorite games of 2013 but I've never played the original Bioshock. This changes today thanks to Steam sales
Wrapping gifts for Christmas. 
Holy tits on a bagel........Fargo is a great film.
I don't want to just acknowledge the horrid comments, so to those of you that have positive things to say, I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG, BABY
Vine comments are worse than YouTube comments. Oh yeah....I SAID IT.
Alicia Keys is a horrible babysitter. 
If you're an internet troll and your username has the word "hate" in it, you are DEFINITELY trying to hard.
Guy who just realized while drinking his coffee that he is taller than his Christmas tree. 
AWMAWGAWD GUIYZ! ITS FRIDAY NIGHT AND I AM TOTES GONNA TURN UP WITH MY BFFS! AND BY TURN UP I MEAN SIT AROUND AND TALK SHIT ON OTHER GIRLS!!
My Vine web profile is coming soon! 
When I have to wait in the car for someone. 
I know I may come off as a cynical ass, but I genuinely love all you guys. You are some cool cats. 
Well, my brother is in jail and I have to move out of my house into a tiny apartment. Its the most wonderful time of the year!
A teenage girl gets in trouble. 
So, when exactly did say "Merry Christmas" become the most politically incorrect phrase to say on the face of the planet?
Guy who just realized that his dog has her tongue out while taking a picture. 
When people give me advice that I didn't ask for. 
@WahlidM and I guess so do most teenagers.
So can we just rename Popular Now already? I was thinking "Kevin Harts: Popular Now".
When you are alone while listening to music. 
AWMAWGAWD GUIYZ! IM SOOO BUMMED THAT ITS SUNDAY LIKE FML I HAVE TO GO TO HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW AND GET A FREE EDUCATION LIKE WTF FML BETCH!
At the gym right now running on nothing but an apple and a dream. I'm pretty sure I'm about to pass out on this treadmilljahdmfkslzocndnsnal
Napoleon, don't be jealous because I've been chattin online with babes....ALL DAY.
Guy who just realized he drank all of his lemonade and is still thirsty. 
Hey every burger place, pickles are rotten cucumbers preserved in vinegar, so keep them the hell away from all my future burgers. Thank you.
Your mom goes to college.
@Vincent_Marcus @ckb @dhof @rus because Brent Rivera fans are insane.
"Oh, you're going to be in a car for 3 hours going across a barren landscape? Best not bring your headphones." -my irrational thinking
My little sister will haunt your dreams for always and eternity. 
I'm glad the reception of Walter's return was positive. Get ready to see much more of him in the future.
Walter doesn't like David Lopez. 
I've come to the conclusion that the infomercials that are on TV today were made in 1985. In 1985 they made 4 million of them for future use
Tomorrow. Stay tuned. 
Guy who just realized he forgot to put jelly on his PB&amp;J. 
@curtislepore I CAN TELL BY YOUR PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE CAPS LOCK.
My brother and BFF @jessecalvillo is going to jail for a little while. I'll be waiting for him on the outside. I love you dude, be strong.
Orange juice is yellow. What other lies are you feeding me, government?
When I try to do something productive on the Internet. 
This and "Gummy Money" will forever be remembered as THE songs of Vine. @nickmastodon @nicholasmegalis 
@OwlPumpYard if you don't revine me, you'll end up just like Megaton. MARK MY WORDS.
@RED6 and written by Adam Sandler.
Never share an iTunes library with your siblings, or your iPod becomes filled with an endless amount of Lil Wayne songs.
You know its time for a haircut when you wake up every morning looking like Edward Scissorhands.
@Murphingt0n they're worse.
Guy who just realized he loves listening to Opera in the car. 
Being Rihanna's therapist. 
Alright guys, that's all the Q&amp;A I can do at the moment. Let's do that again though, that was fun. :)
“@OurNarryFeels: @BJCalvillo how does it feel to know people from all around the world watch your vines and know about you?” Terrified haha
“@KingsHavTakenTW: @BJCalvillo If you could live anywhere in the world where would it be?” Ireland. But California is pretty awesome.
“@TheReal_JayBee: why did you start vining?” Because I'm poor and can't afford a camera and video editing software. I had an iPhone, though.
“@kalvinpatel: How can I branch out to more followers on Vine? Don't want to make those "relatable" ones.” Do what makes YOU laugh.
“@kim_fowler19: are you going to follow in your family members footsteps and get tattoos?” Probably not. I have commitment issues.
@StephLopez_05 yes, I actually visited Calvillo in Aguascalientes. It was wonderful.
“@dirlingheeriopp: what's your favorite thing about being a famous Viner?” The confused look from parents when their kid asks for a picture.
“@mcrisnavarro: @BJCalvillo are you latinoooooo ?????” Half Latino, half Irish. Thus my pale complexion.
“@MissMary215: @BJCalvillo what is the highest number of likes/revines you've gotten on a Vine?” Likes and revines are irrelevant to me now.
“@MendesMiracle: @BJCalvillo can you vine Ashley and Tiffany at Starbucks?” I'm pretty sure we'd get kicked out. Haha
“@WoodysPride_: @BJCalvillo fav video game?” The Last of Us at the moment. Only game ever to affect me emotionally.
“@jchandl2494: @BJCalvillo I feel like you're one of the few viners that still makes hilarious videos without editing them. Props.” :)
@mishayl you need your sleep!
@Haleyluv16 The Exorcist.
@kwalkup98 who lives on Drury lane?
“@YvetteBenitez08: @BJCalvillo what's your favorite vine that you have done?” The one where my father asks "WHOS THE LUCKY GUY?!?"
“@WilsonPass: @BJCalvillo why don't you grow a mustache?” Because I have the hormones of a 12 year old girl. If I could,  I'd grow a beard.
@kuniallkinte screenwriting.
“@aawkwaaaard: @bjcalvillo You prefer to say fuck or shit?” I don't fucking swear.
@1D_TW_Artist crushed three of my toes at once. Other than that, no.
@paigehardyyy_TW I like Halloween more.
@JennTeaLeaf yes. So much.
“@Ashley_Chavez18: @BJCalvillo What kind of movies do you like to make/watch?” I adore horror films, and I would LOVE to make one someday
“@feeltheburn22: @BJCalvillo favorite song at the moment?” Nine is God by Wavves
“@CarolineRossXO: @BJCalvillo what has been the weirdest comment you've ever gotten so far on your vines?” Can I eat your hair?
“@katirwinstyles: @BJCalvillo how tall are you?   lol” 6 foot.
“@macarenags96: @BJCalvillo what music do you like?:)” anything that is pleasing to my ears.
“@Audnimrod: @BJCalvillo do people ever go up to you or recognize you when you're out?” Yes. A lot more now. Still freaks me out.
“@marinadanielle_: @BJCalvillo do you ever laugh at your own vines” I like laughing at myself so yes.
“@AzzadRuiz: @BJCalvillo favorite show that got cancelled during or after the first season?” Clerks the animated series
“@hayridehoran: @BJCalvillo how many times a day does your mom tell you to get a job?” Zero, actually. But her character on vine does a lot.
“@laurrren: @BJCalvillo Favorite film director?” Quentin Tarantino
“@radicalrebeccax: @BJCalvillo what was something you were scared of when you were little?” I have a terrible phobia of possums to this day.
@adrwmiq yes
“@Jacob_Fergy: @BJCalvillo favorite band?” Genesis.
“@brennlz: @BJCalvillo are you friend of Nash Grier?” No I'm his creepy stalker.
“@bdawg52691: @BJCalvillo who is your favorite fellow viner to work with?” @Klarity_ and @Jason23Nash, those two are amazing to work with
@SelenerClique Wii U
“@peeta_four_jace: @BJCalvillo who are your favorite viners?” Rudy Mancuso and whoismaxwell.
“@1D_sweet123: @BJCalvillo what do u like to do besides vine? Any sports?” Play games, watch movies, read, exercise...boring stuff like that
@what_the_hel_29 only on weekends.
“@aliiicon: @BJCalvillo what do you want to do when you're older? Like as a career.” I like watching movies, I LOVE making them. So, that.
“@nattydek: @BJCalvillo do you and your family get along in real life?” Yes we do. My mother is a saint and my brothers are my BFFS.
“@MarinaAL: @BJCalvillo do you go to college?” Not currently. Hope to go at some point as I am heavily interested in film school.
“@quinn_chao: @BJCalvillo how's Walter doing I miss him” He'll be back don't you worry.
@CherySheri I was fired.
“@chauntalp_: @BJCalvillo how long does it take for you to come up with vine ideas?” Varies. Most of the time they just appear in my brain.
@janete95 yes, for the better. :)
“@megan_banke: @BJCalvillo favorite movie?!” PULP FICTION.
@ashleymorgan10 BREAKING BAD
@mikaelaenget broccoli
@jayylee1 19 years old
Doing a Q&amp;A for the next 30 mins. Ask me anything you wish to know.
#MCM 
Guy who is in heavy contemplation about whether to get Subway or Taco Bell for dinner. 
A teenage girl during finals week. 
#Brandon'sSuperHardcoreWorkoutPlaylist 
Drive.....DRIVE!!!!! 
@Klarity_ @ayyocourtt @TheZacMann Aww shucks, your making me blush!
"If your opinion is not my exact opinion, then your opinion is wrong." -The Internet
When I go to the gym I GET SWOLE, probably because I constantly throw rocks at the hornets nest outside.
I'm gonna go ahead and assume that they stopped putting "ask your parents permission" at the end of commercials about the internet for kids.
@meRyDoon when will 'N Sync get back together? :(
So I just finished playing "Gone Home". The game was just....beautiful. Made me feel....emotions. Tears....ran down my face. Play it....NOW.
Joel McHale, I don't know you and have nothing against you, but for the sake of all things holy: NEVER HOST ANOTHER AWARDS SHOW. #VGX
So Game of the Year was already announced, and we still have 2 hours to go? Ever heard of pacing, guys? #VGX
I've had prostate exams that were less awkward than this. #VGX
A teenage girl complains about the weather. 
This song is part of my gym playlist. Really gets you pumped up to workout! 
Dishes. 
The catsuit in Super Mario 3D World is the only pussy I'm getting tonight.
Feliz Friday, me amigos! 
Qué quieres, puppy? (What do you want, puppy?) 
What's crack-a-lacking my homeslices?
I guess the writers of Family Guy are bringing Brian back from the dead. First thing that popped in my head... 
We live in an age where it's inappropriate for Santa to say "I've got my big sack of goodies to give to the children across the world!"
Ladies..... 
Had to delete my last Vine because I fucked up my Spanish. Puta madre.
I go HARD at the gym. I make sure to mix four Viagra in my pre-workout before I leave.
DIS IS BEARY STYLES!!!!! 
When staring into fire, everything becomes clear. 
If you ever comment "I literally just died", I will come to your house with a double barrel shotgun to take you up on that statement.
@jessismiles__ So then everyone who watches Vines must be wasted 24/7. Only explanation.
Ebony and Ivory. 
I think White Chicks is a horrendous film. #confessyourunpopularopinion
My favorite song of 2013, bar none. 
Pimples on face= Acne
Pimples on back= Bacne
Pimples on testicles= Sacne
Water cups. 
@rudymancuso why aren't we married already like ILYSM OMG.
I just heard a kid shout "Hashtag LULZ" instead of actually laughing. If this is the future of language I'm throwing myself into a volcano.
You talkin to me? 
Brush your teeth. 
Aren't the people that vote for The Peoples Choice Awards the same people that made Grown Ups 2 the "#1 Movie in America"? #PeoplesChoice
I don't like when friends of mine who I haven't seen in a while ask how I got so many followers on Vine. Sucking the devils dick, obviously.
Well then, it sounds like I failed miserably.... 
Ladies, if you play games and are into gaming culture, that's great! My last Vine was about MY CHARACTER Ashley, who is a stupid teen girl.
A teenage girl plays a video game. w/Jesse Calvillo 
If You Leave Me Now. 
Paul Walker has now been confirmed as deceased. Goodbye, good sir. You will be missed by many, myself included.
So, TMZ is reporting that Paul Walker has died in a car accident. I hope this is a hoax because that is just too much irony for me to handle
For those wondering, my middle name is Javier, hence my Twitter and Instagram name being BJCalvillo. Not a reference to the act of fellatio.
People act irrationally when they are mad. Nickelback fans must be angriest people on the planet.
To the person who invented Churro's...know that you make parents just a little less miserable when they take their kids to Disneyland.
Hey every show that's a singing/dancing competition with three judges....stop trying to be American Idol.
My puppy has been drinking again. 
Have you ever wanted an AWMAWGAWD GUYZ or Walter T-shirt? No? Oh, well they're for sale at 
I should really make another Walter vine.....huh?
@Vincent_Marcus Smiley Face.
Black Friday shoppers are insane. 
Ate too much turkey, now I'm tripping on tryptophan while playing Super Mario 3D World. I think this is how The Beatles wrote their songs.
Thanksgiving? More like ThanksForGivingMeDiarrhea. #HappyThanksgiving
Spending Thanksgiving with my mother. 
How to deal with a Vine hater. 
It was only our first date. 
I'm pretty sure even Hitler would have cried at the end of Toy Story 3.
Yo yo but dat froyo, doe. 
Forever a Toys "R" Us kid. 
GTA San Andreas is getting released on iPhones. You know, those things with touch screens that have incredibly frustrating controls? Oh joy!
Watching "Captain America" on Netflix. And by "watch", I mean casually glancing at the screen while I concentrate on finishing this tweet.
Por Favor Puppy (Part 2) 
Brought to you by J.J. Abrams. 
Those were the days! 
Guys, I am not a cigarette. Please stop calling me that in the comment section.
Whoever came up with the word "Wit" probably wasn't very witty.
My favorite holidays are Gluttony and Unhealthy Psychotic Consumerist Day. Oh sorry, I mean Thanksgiving and Black Friday.
People who talk like they text. w/Jesse Calvillo 
"Holes" is probably the easiest novel to adapt into a porno.
If humans acted like dogs (strangers walking in the house). Inspired by Sara Hopkins 
''And not a single fuck was given that day.''    - Manager of whorehouse in the middle of nowhere
The guy who can shoot fire out of his hands but thinks it's no big deal. 
While you're out socializing and getting laid on Friday night, I'm at home playing the fuck out of Super Mario 3D World. So I win, obviously
I wonder if kids today even know who JFK is. To them, it might as well be text slang for "Just Freaking Kidding".
@agentbizzle The benefits of being a SuperMegaUltra PowerUp Rewards Premium Plus member!
Tosh.0 is essentially "America's Funniest Home Videos" for the new generation, and that frightens me.
Since the Xbox One comes out tomorrow, I predict at least 4 racial humor vines that have a stereotypical Latino saying "Xbox Juan". Yay.
Satanic puppy. 
I still have no idea how to use these things. 
I'm being watched.... 
Guns don't kill people, funny vines do.
Poorly timed arguments. w/Jesse Saunders 
I once ate a bunch of laxatives and smoked an ounce of reefer, just for shits and giggles.
That awkward moment when you find out the prostitute you just banged is a 40 year old Vietnamese transvestite. #relatable #poppage #swag
If you comment only one "Ha", just don't comment at all, please.
The uncle that doesn't know how to bond with his nephew. w/Jason Nash 
@curtislepore SEGA DREAMCAST ALL THE WAY.
Does Super Mario 3D World have guns, a gritty tone, dark color palette, and on-disc DLC? No? A catsuit, bright colors and fun? GETOUTTATOWN!
Great time for a stroll. 
Two teenage girls use Twitter. w/Jesse Calvillo 
Can't wait to see the hundreds of racial humor vines that will be posted on Black Friday. And each will get 200k likes. Yay.
So tell me guys, how many popular viners have accepted your marriage proposals?
@jessismiles__ the center has to be at least..........THREE TIMES BIGGER THAN THIS!
"I'm not like most guys -Most guys"       -Girl who thinks she's really original on Twitter
I'm not a cynic, I'm a realist."                  -Douchebag
But dat doe. 
Stuck in traffic so decided to take picture but realized that 57k people will see this, so I panicked. 
Hey Vine commenters, go back to the dark depths of Hell from which you came.
Dat thing in the background completely unrelated to the Vine, tho.
DIS IS BEARY STYLES! 
A whole new world.....#PS4 
If people spoke using AutoCorrect. 
Who wants to bet that my #CreepyLateNightAwkwardJam will get taken off the Pop Page because too many 12 year olds pissed themselves?
#CreepyLateNightAwkwardJam 
Be happy. 
@RyanWMcHenry SEGA Dreamcast.
If my #PS4 malfunctions after I pick it up tonight, I'll stay up all night typing super aggressively on message boards. Mark my words, Sony.
I want to meet the genius that came up with the name for the "Spork". I mean, it's a fork.... but also a spoon. A true mastermind indeed.
Amoreena. 
Doing a favor for my mother. 
@RED6 names please so I can block the plagiarist.
Bent. 
Hey, follow me on Vine. Oh wait, it's the other way around, isn't it?
Who needs to go to a circle-jerk anymore when you could just be a part of #TeamRevine?
Taking our online relationship to the next level. w/The Gabbie Show 
Hey @NintendoAmerica , would you kindly announce this during the Nintendo Direct tomorrow? Thanks a bundle. 
Tuesday mornings. 
@foster_dawg Likewise, good sir, likewise.
You know we made a smart Vine when we get comments like this @Klarity_ ....... 
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight. 
My predicament. 
How you wished your older siblings treated you as a kid VS how they actually treated you. 
Hey cinnamon rolls, I'll stop eating you once you stop being so motherfucking delicious. Sound like a deal? I have a contract ready for you.
Hey casting agents, would you kindly put me in the next Friday the 13th film? I can play the slutty girl who gets killed in the first 20 min
DIVORCE ME. IHY
Two teenage girls work out. w/Klarity 
"I don't know bout you, but I really have to poooo!" - Taylor Swift announcing she's going to the bathroom
@jessecalvillo @JamieKennedy well no one was here when I starting peeing.....
What's @JamieKennedy up to? Why isn't he in more shit?
"Why did you delete that Vine you just made?" A team of highly trained ninjas broke into my house and forced me to delete, obviously.
If you've never seen the film "In Bruges", you should probably get on that, ya dingus.
@EveryTweet_Ever Fifth favorite of those funny retweets, but reluctance to follow that person because my short attention span got in the way
"Somebody loves ya." 
STUPID BETCH
Hey Tess puppy...... 
Relatable vines suck because it's mostly teens doing them. And most teens wouldn't know what comedic timing was if it fucked their sister.
@jessismiles__ I'm at the gym as I type this. Expect to lose .79 pounds in the next hour, only to gain it back when I hit up Taco Bell after
Blockbuster is shutting down its remaining stores. Because driving to a store and interacting with other humans is SOOO inconvenient, right?
I'm not funny anymore. Unfollow myself, bro.
Icona Pop's driving test. 
I have no words. 
@jessismiles__ actually, the perfect orgy consists of three midgets, a donkey and Beyoncé. Too much?
@marcusjohns I want names......AND ADDRESSES!
Having Drake as a stalker. 
Getting lunch with my buddy Sunsu. 
Everything Is Alright. 
"Vine beef" sure looks tasty! 
@curtislepore I believe most still do. There are more bad apples in the bunch then there used to be, however.
A teenage girl hangs out with her best friend. w/Jesse Calvillo 
Gym distractions. 
@Vincent_Marcus @WahlidM for sure, but he would be nothing without @wahlidseyebrows and that's just a straight up fact.
Puppies and rainbows with marshmallow clouds! I'm delirious!
Brass in Pocket. 
The fox says nothing......because it's a fox.
Dressing up like Micheal Myers and trick-or-treating at age 19 is fun. Except for the guy who asked me "Aren't you like 22?" #HappyHalloween
A teenage girl goes Trick-or-Treating. 
Getting songs stuck in your head. 
WHAT......DID YOU JUST SAY.........BETCH?
Quality time with my buddy Sunsu. 
I'm quite certain this bumblebee has some sort of personal vendetta against me since it's been following me for 3 blocks.
@carlyincontro so we're both confused.
@carlyincontro it's ok I don't really know why I made it.
Ants Marching. 
Why am I here? 
I really want to write and direct my own horror movie. But I'm piss broke and don't have a camera. So.....there is that.
Religious Puppy. 
They had no idea. 
You're right. Most normal people keep it in the basement. 
No food. 
Halloween is the best Halloween movie to watch on Halloween.
A teenage girl gets betrayed by her best friend. 
I just bought an 8 core CPU for my gaming PC to replace my old quad core CPU. I'm bout to get sooo many bitches.
My pup is possessed. 
Wont go to a Halloween party because I don't like being around drunken idiots, cant go Trick-r-Treating because I'll get a restraining order
I don't approve of my puppy drinking alcohol. 
@iamkcjames Vine isn't YouTube. Gotta keep it pure.
I've haad 1 to many vodka tonics. Vine me on follow, guiz.
Bought myself a little treat..... 
I'm looking for an artist to come up with a good "Brandon &amp; Jason vs The Apocalypse" thumbnail for our new channel. Tweet me your drawings.
If horror movies were realistic. 
My father serenades me. 
The guy who just found out the Easter Bunny doesn't actually exist. 
I like turtles. #HonestyHour
BREAKING NEWS: Research shows that commenting "Marry Me" on someone's Vine will in fact not make them want to marry you. More at 11.
@meRyDoon I need Cathy in my life.......STAT.
I finally went outside. 
Never any horses on the horse trail. 
What's over there? 
People who are glued to their phone. w/Gregory Calvillo 
SpottieOttieDopaliscious. 
Charles and I. 
A teenage girl goes on a date. w/Jesse Saunders 
@MarloMeekins Jajajajajajajajajaja!
I give it three months before we see a mans flaccid dick at the top of Popular Now. That's where Vines headed, folks (no pun intended)
Getting a gift for Demi Lovato. 
In The Air Tonight. 
Okay Internet, I spend more time with you than anyone else. I think its about time we take our relationship to the next level.
Back when I was in high school. 
I spelt Eminems name wrong on my last Vine. Can't wait to read the 400 comments telling me that.
Eninem's nephew got food poisoning. 
A comedic tweet with no punch line be like
Contemplation. 
This man and I have a mutual love for meatballs. 
Two teenage girls go shopping. w/Jesse Calvillo 
I don't think little girls should be allowed to use the Internet. I'm going to write my congressman about this.
I'm enthusiastic about fitness. 
Watching It's Always Sunny on Netflix. By far my favorite TV comedy of all time.  A milk-steak with your finest JELLYBEANS......RAW!
Dat doe dough tho.
I'm on break at work right now, eating a PB sandwich and praying I'm deathly allergic to peanuts so I don't have to work here anymore.
More quality time with my mother. 
Piggyback. 
P.Y.T (Pretty Young Thing) 
Haha these kids asking me if my latest Walter Vine is inspired by The Conjuring. They do not realize how long he's been around.
The Return of Walter. 
The kids are fighting again. 
Almond milk, I have two questions. A: Why do you exist? And B: Why does your existence make me so angry?
Mondays, am I right guys? 
I swear, people on the Internet need to grow a pair and stop being so fucking sensitive to EVERYTHING.
My mom just ate sugar-free chocolate, and it smelt terrible. 
A teenage girl claims she has no friends. 
Don't Smoke. 
I just saw an advertisement for a TV on my TV. My TV immediately started bleeding. Happy Sunday, folks!
Brandon &amp; Jason vs The Apocalypse ("Cannibalism") w/Jason Nash, Marlo Meekins and Sunny Mabrey 
If you don't respond to a text immediately. 
"Getting skittles with Anthony Troli" Vine Outtake 
Only Girl (In The World). 
Making a Vine with my Mexican father. 
@rohmontgomery the American dream fully realized.
I want to say who my top 5 favorite Viners are, but I don't want to piss anyone off in the Vine community. So, uh......AWMAGAWD GUIYZ!
This is not a tweet.
Brandon Calvillo and me meeting for the first time <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><WHITE SMILING FACE><HEAVY BLACK HEART>  
In other news, I was mentioned in this weeks @TIME magazine along with @MeaganCignoli and @nicholasmegalis , so that's a thing......
Just finished watching Curse of Chucky. I'll just say this, if you're a fan of this series, this is the best entry by far. If not, stay away
Miley Cyrus is incredibly impatient. 
When apes take over. 
Drunk Puppy. 
Its monday...... 
A teenage girl takes a selfie. 
Sorry for the disturbing tweets, but I'm sitting in a gym lobby that smells like sweaty genitalia and unfulfilled dreams. It's getting to me
So yes, if I was born a woman I would've been a huge slut. I probably would have gotten a gig hosting SNL because of it.
I don't understand why girls who have a lot of sex are to be shamed. If I had a vagina, I'd want something in there 24/7.
@imfauxreal I don't remember a time when you were "not funny", but comedy is subjective. You've always been hilarious in my opinion.
Currently watching The Shining. I feel like if they remade this film in 2013, they would have Danny say "Turn Up" instead of "Redrum".
I'm a little too excited, I've never played this one before...... 
Two teenage girls talk about boys on Vine. w/Klarity 
Brandon and Jason vs The Apocalypse ("Hiding")  w/ Jason Nash, Cody Johns, Klarity, David Lopez 
My father got me a gift. 
@nickmastodon I'm deeply sorry for your loss, Nick. I'm not even that religious of a person, but I'm keeping you in my prayers. Stay strong.
@AnthonyTroli no, but I might ask for a rub-n-tug in the theater.....that cool?
Walter will return in my Vines. I've been saving him for October, Halloween time, SPOOKY TIME.
If humans acted like cats. (inspired by Sara Hopkins) 
Crosswalk logic. 
Shiny Happy People. 
@TheGabbieShow WHO ARE THESE KIDS MAKING FUN OF YOU?! SO HELP ME I WILL GET THERE PARENTS ON THE PHONE RIGHT NOW!
@TheGabbieShow DUDE.
People who text you their life story. 
Some men have told they would like nothing more than to punch me in the face. I don't blame them, my face is quite punchable.
An evil masterminds diabolical plan gets foiled. 
Sleepwalking. 
Duck you, autocorrect.
@foster_dawg you deserve a million more. You are incredibly clever, sir. Congrats.
A teenage girl sends a text to her crush. 
You get your tan at the beach, but I get my tan waiting at the bus stop because I've failed in life and have no car. LIVING THE DREAM!!!!
@Vincent_Marcus oh the irony. It's burning my retinas.
If you think of a creative and original idea for Vine, just know that there have probably been 30 other vines just like it.
How I feel about no more episodes of Breaking Bad. #goodbyebreakingbad 
It's all over. No more Breaking Bad. Ever. This is how I feel..... #GoodbyeBreakingBad 
Spoilers: #BreakingBad ends with Walt alive in the witness protection program, with a new name and with a new son.... 
The only escape from this song. 
My roommate likes to party all night. 
I've done a lot of horrible things in GTA V, but the one thing I have a hard time doing is killing women pedestrians. It's disturbing to me.
Brandon and Jason vs Apocalypse (Part 13: Finding Bach) w/Jason Nash and KingBach 
"Why are you always inside your house?" 
My puppy Tess is camera shy. 
Hey @BrittanyFurlan and @TasiaAlexisss , you guys wanna meet me at a Denny's? I hear a Grand Slam can heal the harshest of feelings.
As evident in my last Vine, a teenage girls name is Ashley. I will continue to title those Vines "A teenage girl", however.
A teenage girl runs away from home. 
I just came to the realization that I haven't had a McFlurry in about 2 years. I should probably get on that.
Just finished GTA V and can honestly say it's one of the greatest games I've ever played. It's worth all the hype. Better than sex.
Telling my mom about my breakup. 
Time moves forward, and nothing changes.
AWMAGAWD GUIYZ! SO I JUST WATCHED THE WRECKING BALL MUSIC VID FOR THE 80TH TIME! LIKE OMGZ MILEYS SUCH A WHORE AND IM BETTER THAN HER LOLOL
Theres always that one meathead at the gym who looks like he's about to shit a baby panda out of his mouth. Lower the weight, no shame in it
@iamkcjames @imfauxreal Congrats, you two. Your shenanigans are legendary to say the least.
I am not using my dog for likes on Vine. She is incredibly sick and she is with me all the time as a result.
Quality time with my mother. 
Where my priorities lie at the moment:
1) GTA V 2) My Puppy 3) Vine 4) Sleep
Por Favor, Puppy. 
They should have called the #iPhone5S the iPhone 5SOS (Same Old Shit). Ah who am I fooling, I'll probably still buy one.
I think you need a new therapist. 
@rudymancuso like 3 times dude.....HOLY SHIT LETS GET PLASTERED.
Not trying to be sassy, guys, but if you got asked the same question a million fucking times a day, I have a feeling you'd get a bit testy.
I am six feet tall. There you go, now stop asking please.
Quality time with my father. 
Why won't iOS 7 install on my T-Mobile Sidekick?
@meRyDoon say it again....WHISPER IT IN MY EAR.
I apologize if my Vines have been lacking in quality, folks. I've been dealing with quite the abundance of shit these past 3 weeks.
When I try to schedule a date with a girl. 
Quick, someone get me into witness protection ASAP. 
I've never known how to use these things. 
Playing as Franklin in #GTAV right now. I don't believe I have heard the N-word used this much in a game before.
Been playing #GTAV since 5 am this morning, and I realize I have no idea what to do for a Vine today. Aww hamburgers.
@MichaelLopriore it's fucking incredible so far, and I'm only 3 hours in. I have to a Vine about it as well sometime this week.
Goodnight, everyone. See you in 3 months. 
Its official: Vine has been taken over by sophomores and juniors in high school who have IQs lower than their shoe size.
@RyanWMcHenry S H I T MY P A N T S
I miss the old days when human beings didn't brutally murder other human beings. Oh wait, those days never existed. My mistake.
GTA V currently has more perfect 10's than a 50,000 dollar a night whorehouse.
@RobOnTheRun @efizzzle haha Rob I love ya man.
@RobOnTheRun @efizzzle but I don't.
I hate hypocrites folks, sorry.
@Lance210 @imfauxreal kind of hypocritical for you to say that Lance, wouldn't ya say?
That knife scene was probably my favorite scene in all of Breaking Bad thus far. So many emotions, so powerful, so masterfully executed.
Leave a hateful comment on my Vine, and your getting blocked faster than 2 jackrabbits fucking. I've had enough of this shit.
These Eyes. 
Unaired Commercials. 
Me and @Jason23Nash "Apocalypse" series is NOT sponsored by Cheez-it. It's used for comedic effect. It saddens me that this needs explaining
Brandon &amp; Jason vs The Apocalypse (Part 10) w/Jason Nash &amp; Curtis Lepore 
In unison. 
Jealous? 
Role model. 
I deleted my last Vine because the comments about my body from little teenage girls was making me genuinely uncomfortable. Sorry guys.
@foster_dawg @curtislepore indeed we will, Curtis, GET A PS3! Haha you could get one for like 150 now! What with the PS4 coming out and all.
@curtislepore @foster_dawg it's got multiplayer for sure. The multiplayer looks fun as hell, but I have a PS3.....fudge.
@foster_dawg I can't even begin to tell you how excited I am dude. My Vine usage is going to go down considerably for the next 3 weeks.
@foster_dawg your not going to play it as well, sir?
Turn up. 
Moms be like..... 
No shit just saw two homeless men banging in this alleyway in East LA. Precious memories!
I'm in East LA right now in an alleyway at 8 o clock at night. This is where "Vine Fame" gets ya, kids.
Vine is down again.......and so are my pants! To be honest, I don't even understand why I just typed that. This tweet is dumb.
Two teenage girls criticize Miley Cyrus. w/Jesse Calvillo 
(Outtake) Let me be frank about this..... 
Wow, two hate comments in a row? IM ON A ROLL TODAY! 
I wont be making a 9/11 Vine today, for those asking. My goal is to try and make you guys laugh everyday, not further bum you out.
Bruno Mars invited me to his backyard. 
Am I the only one that isn't into the idea of the Breaking Bad spinoff Better Call Saul? Spinoffs rarely work. Remember Joey? Me neither.
I have a feeling some asshole is going to make a really offensive #september11 Vine today. The Internet, ladies and gentlemen.
Uh.....I do? That's why I put it on...you know.....MY VINE ACCOUNT. 
@rudymancuso Butt Scratcha?
Ok guys, I get it, Miley Cyrus is apparently a bad/weird person or whatever. Do we really need 70,000 more Vines explaining that?
I'm loving the comments on my last Vine right now. So many high school kids telling me to go fuck myself. My dreams have finally come true.
A teenage girl complains about the difficulties of high school. 
Let me be frank about this.... 
I think I'll pass on both the iPhone 5C and the iPhone 5S. I'll just wait till the iPhone 9J and 12Y come out in 2098 to upgrade. #Apple
Hey guys, I can't wait to get my new VinePhone 5S later this month!
Roar. 
The Worlds End is the best film I've seen in a LONG time. The first time I literally laughed out loud in a movie theater in about 2 years.
Dammit Breaking Bad, how do you expect me to function in society with a giant erection for the next 7 days? Those last 15 mins....MASTERFUL.
People are fucking goofy.
@rohmontgomery @KSmooth016 then we need to tell these sports nuts to tread lightly.
@rohmontgomery because sports bro! like testosterone bro! like fur realziez bro!
A teenage girl talks about other social media apps. 
Brandon and Jason vs The Apocalypse (Part 8) "Explaining to Curtis" w/Jason Nash and Curtis Lepore 
Brandon and Jason vs The Apocalypse (Part 6) "Drinking Our Own Pee" w/Jason Nash 
Obviously I must have copied your Vine, because I have the time to look at EVERY SINGLE VINE EVER MADE, especially ones from 2 months ago.
When someone else needs to use the bathroom. 
I haven't checked Vines Pop Page in about 3 months, and I regret absolutely NOTHING.
If literally your entire Vine is dedicated to you demeaning your race through horrible stereotypes, then just...god dammit!
No it didn't, same voice actor :) 
The last Walter Vine I just made was inspired by true events. A fan got a hold of my number and wouldn't stop texting me for weeks.
Walter won't stop texting me. 
So, I did my first TV interview ever on @AXSLive yesterday. You wanna see it? Well then click on the link, ya dingus.

@nickconfalone But honestly, I am hesitant to pick up Rayman because GTA V comes out in 2 weeks. I don't know if my wallet can take it.
@nickconfalone I know bro like WHERE ARE ALL THE GUNS AND EXPLOSIONS WHATS WITH ALL THESE COLORS AND CREATIVE CHARACTER DESIGNS?!?
But dat ass doe. 
@meRyDoon Back to the way it used to be, where if you posted a Vine in the morning and it got 5,000 likes, you were #1 on the pop page.
AWMAGAWD GUIYS, PHEED CAME OUT LIKE BEFORE VINE AND I WAS USING IT BEFORE ALL OF YOU SO THAT MEANS IM BETTER THAN YOU FOR SOME REASON.
Agree to Disagree. 
Lauren, I told you to just keep that between us..... 
"Sex Addict Therapy" with my brother Jesse Calvillo.  
Outtake from my Vine "Two teenage girls watch Vines together".  
Yeah, so I am on Pheed now. I'll be posting Vine outtakes mostly. Heres one. 
Guys, there's this new social media app that's better than Pheed and Instagram combined! It's called "Into Traffic", be sure to follow me!
Attempting to understand modern song lyrics. 
Life through the eyes of a pessimist: Fast Food 
My favorite Vines that I've done have to be me and @Jason23Nash "Apocalypse" series. I can't wait to make more later this week.
My attitude when it comes to haters and hateful comments. 
#RapLikeLilWayne I will continuously rap about how much better my life is than yours and you'll pay to listen to it, because fuck logic.
Well....I've lost about 8 pounds, and I wasn't trying to. I'm no doctor, but that's probably not good, right?
Having Mariah Carey as an overly attached girlfriend. 
@curtislepore Gears of Halo: Modern Battlefield 4
Brandon and Jason vs The Apocalypse (Part 3) w/Jason Nash 
Brandon and Jason vs The Apocalypse. w/Jason Nash 
Zombie. 
Asking spammers to stop spamming in your comments is pointless, because they have the same rationale as Miley Cyrus; they can't stop.
You reading this on the toilet, just a reminder to wash your hands! Also, your sibling is probably waiting for you to finish so hurry up!
Learning. 
Lazy Thursday. 
To all my Vine followers, letting you know that I might Vine a bit less starting Sept. 17th. Why? Here's your answer: 
Oh bro I know right! I thought I was the only one! UNFOLLOWING FOR SURE BRO! 
A nervous teenage boy going through puberty sings "Sexy Back" 
@VinnyMoon oh stop it you're making me blush over here.
The puppy I've had in my recent Vines is new. Her name is Tess and she is a 6 week old Chihuahua. She pisses...ALOT. 
I hate restrooms that do this. 
A White vs Black Vine. (Inspired by Jordan Burt) 
@foster_dawg Last of Us is my GOTY so far, but GTA V comes out in less than a month, and Bioshock Infinite was incredible. 2013 games FTW.
@foster_dawg I respect your opinion, but I think nostalgia clouds our judgment without us realizing it. I love all games, new and old.
Gary the sociable assassin. w/Jesse Calvillo and Gregory Calvillo 
Huh...... well that's pretty cool. I'm gonna go make a sandwich now. #Vine 
AWMAGAWD GUIYZ!!! SO I TRIED TO GO ON VINE TO SEE ALL THE OFFENSIVE RACIAL HUMOR, AND IT'S LIKE NOT WORKING!!! OMGZ FML WHATAMIGONNADO!!!!!
My older Vines showed me working at Subway. I quit that place and ever since then, I became "Social Media Famous". God, that sounds so dumb.
People are under the assumption that I just sit at home all day and Vine. I have a job and when I get home, I make Vines. Mystery solved.
The things people will do for likes on Vine. 
"Follow your nose! Wherever it goes! ......especially if it leads to a giant mountain of coke!" - Toucan Sam in the 80's
Overcoming my fear of the outdoors. 
These ones are starting to scare the living fuck out of me. 
Two teenage girls go on Facebook. w/Jesse Calvillo 
Attempting to bond with my mother (Part 2) 
Pony. 
AWMAGAWGUIYZZ!!!!!!!
A teenage girl uses Twitter. 
When someone asks me for a favor. 
Fast Car. 
Why do the people at IKEA keep calling the cops whenever I take a nap on one of their beds? I mean, a mans got to sleep.
@Jessicamcook Oh sure......''PASTA''. I bet he cant wait for the Alfredo sauce, if you know what I'm sayin......
Been hearing a lot of good things about ''Gone Home''. 17 bucks on Steam right now. Is it worth it?
Asking my mom for money. 
You know what's fun? Video games. You know what's not? Pretending to be interested in sports to appease my male friends.
@VinnyMoon Blocked.
@VinnyMoon Sassy response and plea for you to follow and marry me ily so much.
@MaxScoville I got a Murasaki Baby after my massage in Chinatown last week. Haven't walked right for a week.
Hey, did you know that people who insult other people on Vine have grotesquely disfigured genitalia? I guess we know why they're so angry!
Advice for Vine newcomers. 
Taking away Justin Timberlake's TV privileges. 
Catching up with my father. 
There is no happy medium when it comes to Vine comments anymore. They are either extremely encouraging or straight from the depths of hell.
Spontaneous Staring Contest. 
My Saturday night consists of playing LoZ: Skyward Sword and eating a multitude of sunflower seeds. Ladies PLEASE, NOT ALL AT ONCE!!!!
Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go. 
You know my mother always told me, if you have nothing nice to comment on Vine, then take a flaming cactus and shove it up your ass.
The "Out of Ideas" Song (Super Special Edition) 
That one time I took candy from a stranger. w/Jason Nash 
Its sad how an industry that is meant to evoke joy in people can bring such sadness to others solely because of gender. #womenaresaints
Playing video games with Beyoncé. 
Playing a prank on my mom. 
Uh..........ok? What am I supposed to do with this information? 
@AnthonyTroli happy birthday you devilishly handsome fella!!!
A teenage girl Vines in her bathroom after getting a haircut. 
Radio Ga Ga. 
I will never say that someone is "beautiful on the inside and out", because that is a lie. Your intestines aren't even remotely attractive.
Hiding food in the house for yourself. 
For some reason, these notifications just creep me the fuck out. 
SO MANY SOCIAL NETWORKS. 
But It's Better If You Do. 
Teen Choice Awards is still trending on Twitter, but Breaking Bad is not? Excuse me while I drown myself in a bucket of hydrofluoric acid
Public restrooms freak me out. 
Ugh Mondays, amiright guys?!? 
Every fiber of my being tells me that this series is going to end on the most tragic note imaginable. Can't wait. #BreakingBad
Back in the USSR. 
I picked up a souvenir for Jesse Pinkman. Breaking Bad #breakingbad 
If you have ever used your phone to text or tweet while watching a movie in theaters, please unfollow me, because people like you are scum.
The couple that doesn't care where they fight. 
@marcusjohns WHY WON'T YOU JUST MARRY ME ALREADY?!? LIKE ILY HAVE MY BABIES K BYE
@marcusjohns what the best recipe for some killer Swedish meatballs?
You know, acne is temporary. Unfortunately, your shitty personality is permanent, buddy boy. 
@jessismiles__ I just tell them they are mistaking me for someone else, someone who looks exactly like me.
Lets Stay Together. 
Vine haters just need a hug. #hugahater 
The truth about "Vine Fame". 
With my brother on a Saturday morning. 
My favorite comments! 
FRIDAY NIGHT RAGER!!!! YOLO!!! 
Hey guys, in case you didn't know, it is possible to make a relatable Vine without even mentioning the words ''be'' or ''like''.
Two teenage girls watch Vines together. w/Jesse Calvillo 
Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Babe. 
A big congrats to @jessismiles__ for her recent verification on Vine. Oh, and 1 million followers ain't to shabby neither. Totally deserved.
When Vine temporarily stops working. 
Vine is down, but here's my mom! 
Vine being down today may be a blessing in disguise. I finally have the time to go to the DMV. I should vine while I'm there, wait....FUCK!
God I just love seeing this, don't you? 
Attempting to bond with my mother. 
To clarify my last tweet, I meant any film that Adam Sandler helped write or produce, so most of them. I quite enjoyed Funny People.
#confessyourunpopularopinion I truly hate every single one of Adam Sandlers movies. Yes, even Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore.
Shout. 
AWMAGAWDGUIYZ so I went on Twitter and stalked Justin Biebers feed for an hour. Like AWMAGAWD just marry me now Justin ily K bye!
For those thinking that I was holding back a laugh in my last Vine, I wasn't. I find it sad that I need to explain that.
Robin Thicke wants me to take the cookie. 
I'm in the men's locker room at the gym, trying to process what I just saw. 
What in the name of living fuck? 
@MarloMeekins THEN WHERE THE FUCK IS DADDY DAY CARE 3?!?!?!?!?
The Cranberries decided to put me in their music video. 
@MarloMeekins Have you spotted Eddie Murphy yet?
An emotional teenage girl does a Tori Kelly #remake. 
@katbateman oh my lord, this is greatest thing in existence.
Walter wants me alone. 
If hateful comments ever get you down, just remember...... 
A sensual #CreepyLateNightAwkwardJam 
@nickmastodon @nicholasmegalis I agree, he is just so awesome. But what's a Vine superstar? Is that like one of them MySpace celebs?
Vine is not working at the moment. I've called the police station 5 times now, but they keep hanging up on me.
@MarloMeekins call a fireman.
#ManCrushMonday 
@SmithViviana so you want to do it like they do on the Discovery channel?
@robbyjayala but Robby, didn't you hear? Kim Kardashian is allegedly allergic to chocolate, THIS WILL CHANGE EVERYONE'S LIVES FOREVER.
My first ever Instagram video. 
I'll be here all week. 
@SmithViviana AWMAGAWDGUIYZ!!!!!!
@AnthonyTroli soon, sir, soon.
Everyone on Vine is finding love, yet I just sit here. 
Leaving a doo doo in the toilet for all to see is not one of your rights as an American citizen. Flush that shit, you commie.
A word of advice for those watching. 
When you drink something after brushing your teeth. 
I'm super serious, guys. 
@meRyDoon I have considered a lot of things. However, what I truly want to get into is acting. That is where my passion lies.
@meRyDoon if your goal was to make my day with this tweet, you have succeeded. Thank you, Mr. Doon!
@veerapatraa feel better!
@veerapatraa existence noted.
A teenage girl complains about there being no food in the house. 
I'm a grumpy old man at heart. 
700,000 FOLLOWERS. I don't know what to say, guy's. Thank you. 
My brothers talk about me behind my back. w/Jesse Calvillo 
What up doe. 
Social Media Websites: Ironically making everyone as anti-social as possible, one day at a time.
Walter doesn't like my friends. 
CHAD AND TYLER: THE $WAG BROS. w/Jesse Calvillo 
@AnthonyTroli OH I'M SORRY! THOUGHT THIS WAS 'MERICA!
Some people do nothing but Vine, while others do nothing but Revine. See the difference?
I can't get this song out of my head, its just so fucking awesome. Thank you @AnthonyTroli, 


@jessismiles__ Oh dear god, I fear for your toilet later on tonight.
When someone spoils the ending to a movie you're watching. 
@MarloMeekins Directed by James Cameron, Martin Scorsese, and the ghost of Orson Wells. Catering done by Philip Seymour Hoffman.
@AllieHelms I don't know how to use emoticons on a computer, so....uhhh.....Smiley Face with mouth wide open to signify joy.
@AllieHelms Because......um.......she makes funny faces and stuff? WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED!?!?!?!?!
@AllieHelms Shots fired. But on a serious note, is she some type of celebrity outside of Vine? That's the only rational explanation for me.
Back when I was still in high school. Look at that face, there is so much optimism, yet so much naïveté. 
A Werewolf in Orange County. w/Jesse Calvillo 
A teenage girl Vines after a meal. 
To all the ladies out there, my 13 year old self says "How you doin?" 
Rejected Vine Ideas: 
I return a Big Mac to McDonald's while the song ''Return of the Mack'' by Mark Morrison plays in the background.
When someone talks on their phone when you're watching a movie. 
A fan of mine made me this for my birthday. I don't know who you are, but I thank you dearly. 
A teenage girl Vines at Disneyland. 
Today is my birthday. 
A teenage girl complains about a Vine not being funny. 
The gym is right across the street. 
You should knock first before you enter. 
Guys, I think I have nailed down "Vine Comedy". LAUGH. 
I READ YOUR COMMENTS, GUYS. 
Tried to make a Vine with Jesse Calvillo, but I couldn't contain myself. 
My imaginary friend wants to play with me. 
The friend who is incredibly impatient. W/ Jason Nash 
@KaylenLigon true.
You guys cant see my short film on mobile because I used a copy written song. If you want to see it, you might have to use a PC.
Alright guys, here it is. The short film that I wrote, directed and starred in. Let me know what you think. 

How would you guys feel about seeing a short film that I wrote, directed and shot when I was a high school senior? Yay or Nay?
My imaginary friend. 
Babysitting is not for me. 
This Vine has yet to be titled. 
The only review for Grown Ups 2 you need to watch. WATCH THE ENTIRE VIDEO.

Having Katy Perry as a roommate. 
Attempting to make a Vine with my father, but I failed. 
Walter is making me uncomfortable. 
Bonding with my little sister Alicia. 
For Marlo Meekins. 
