About to go MIA for a while. Don't feel like being bothered with social media right now.
Leaving tomorrow? To go where?
real talk though. In shaa Allah. 
I wonder who went to that bike festival today.
Heard somebody got shot on springfield ave today. That's mad close to home.
Chinese food on deck. It's feeding time. #FeedMeMore
As long as I work on myself and she work on herself, things should work itself out. In shaa Allah. I'm not worried. Allah is gonna handle it
In shaa Allah. My mother really want for us to get married. She always bring her up and ask about her. I tell her dont worry everything's ok
Females know the right words to say to make a man smile.
Gave my mother a hug and she said I was comfortable. What does that even mean and why does people keep saying that? I'm not a teddy bear lol
A thug just ordered some Chinese food. Waiting for that to come then me and my mother gonna eat. In shaa Allah.
I know she's on her phone. She just don't wanna read what I tagged her in...
She gonna wanna paint rooms...I'm not beat for all that though
Can't wait till we can get our own place though. Imma just be chillin lol.
Might go to Sonics later. But I got plans on getting Chinese food tomorrow. In shaa Allah.
SubhanAllah 
Idk why but I feel so free in my thobe. It be blowing in the wind while I'm walking and it looks so epic like I got a cape on lol. #Superman
If it's that important then I guess
Tell me.
Did she read my last two posts? And I hope it ain't bad news.
Like I don't trust people so I hope she stays to herself and don't talk to nobody like that. Especially not no dudes.
Off-topic, but Wallahi I be worried about her safety. I don't want anything to ever happen to her. I be so paranoid when shes by herself smh
I was worried she couldn't read my handwriting. I wrote it like minutes before I gave it to her. But I wonder if shes gonna write more often
Out. It draws the wrong type of attention...I was actually mad.
She shouldn't wear that while she's it anymore. I couldn't even help but notice smh.
I don't want her wearing over garments that show her figure. And she wonder why people was staring...
I wonder what she thought about what I said in the poem though. I was getting kinda corny but the point got through
Never noticed it before. Guess her...nevermind, let me lower my gaze next time. But I wonder what she was thinking when she read it.
But had a tiring day. She gotta admit, the way I pulled that off was smooth though lol. I wonder what she thought after I left though.
Okay so today I moved back home. Off campus for a while. Saw her today...didn't like her over garment, was too revealing (of her shape).
I hope she saw my last video I posted on Facebook though.
I was gonna smile at her but I was too nervous and my eyes was bloodshot red from my allergies. I felt ugly so I just looked down.
I was seconds away from deleting my tweet. I felt vulnerable. Ugh
My heart raced when I saw her today. I wonder if she knows how I feel about her. And I wonder if she feels the same about me.
I wish somebody would write me a song or a poem. That'd be nice
I feel like writing a love song or poem. But I'm too lazy to do it. I just need some love in my life. I could go for a hug right now.
Idk what class lmao
This true? Lol 
Sorry for the wait. 
People be stealing my followers/following on ig...Smh. Like the last 10 people was people I was following and/or following me
I wonder if she appreciates the things I've given her and done for her.
And that letter I wrote her. When was the last time she read it?
I wonder if she still has/wears that bracelet I gave her.
@YasminRahman03  اِ نْ شَآ ءَ اللّهُ
I never sung in front of a crowd so I said nah. But it's a two verse song with a rap verse in it as well. It's tough though lol.
At that performance night that we had like last week I was gonna perform this song that wrote about loneliness. I was too nervous though.
But I want her to shed so much love on me that I can't question her love for me. I want the type of love I give out. Feel me?
Because if she can't keep up she'll find herself drowning in my love.
I'm just full of love and I need it in return. Like I'm the type that goes to extreme lengths to prove/show my love. I hope my wife keeps up
Like I'm the type to always to be romantic on the down low and just show so much love. Like I'd be so loving caring and compassionate.
My wife gonna have her work cut out for her because I demand love and I give an abundance of it. So she needs to be ready for this lol.
Yo I might be too needy/clingy lmao. I'm the type that needs a lot of reassurance. I'm the type that needs to hear "I love you" all the time
It's not like I post pictures of myself...they'll be for me and family to see.
"What's causing it", "how long is gonna last", "where is it going", "why is it doing this". They asking me like I'm supposed to know. Smh
Lmao, next time I get a cold imma get some cough syrup and make some lean. Ctfu...jk. (or am I?)
I hope whoever took it passed.
Wonder how that math final went.
So...Whatchu got now
What's those grades looking like though?
I'm glad I don't have to take that math final. I would not have been prepared for that lol. Does anyone have to take it?
I wonder if people still make dua for me everyday. I hope I'm not the only one who cares about this and wants this to work.
I guess people don't pray anymore huh...
And how did that make you feel? And why am I just now hearing about this. And when was this? How were you with me.
Who was it...he go here?
Were you covered and what was said to you? That's the question.
What? What girl? What guy? When? Where?
If push comes to shove I'm across the hall and willing to help.
Anyway, Imma use the roof to pray when it's nice out. And if it's cold I'll go to the multipurpose room. Other than that I'll pray n my room
Have I seen them
Thine roommates
I wonder if I know any of them.
I hope they don't mix the suites like 225. But imma be passing on the roof top thing. Or the multi purpose room. I'll pray fajr rooftop tho
I was gonna be upset if there were men living in the same suite as her...I wonder how she know for sure. She know who she got as suitemates?
I wonder if the suitemates are all female for the girls and all males for the guys.
Some say that people are born corny...I think it's a developed trait.
Boy I walked in there, destroyed that final and walked out like keep the pencil. That was my way of… 
I walked passed people on my way to class and they talking to themselves. Smh
I ain't play peekaboo in a while. I guess these stalkers are getting their game up lol.  I guess I was suppose to act like I ain't see them.
Alhamdulilah. I finished reading the Qur'an, I started maybe 3 months ago. Imma start again in shaa Allah. Maybe a different copy.
Ignore the first part of my tweet...This is why I don't tweet that much.
People delete tweets that actually mean something to me. Okay. But what am I supposed to do with this refrigerator?
And you will not. Simple as that. Can't talk to me, can't talk to him.
Swear to God I'm starting to hate life more and more. It's getting worse everyday. Just take me from this life. I'm done with it.
Fight party was crowded. Fight was over hyped and overrated. Too many people was smoking/drinking. Random girls flirted with me. Crazy night
Just witnessed someone taking their shahada. Alhamdulilah, May Allah make it easy for him.
I guess I'll just shut up now. Maybe I won't wake up tomorrow. Maybe I will. Either way, Alhamdulilah. Lol...not funny.
I barely even have myself to count on Lol. Again, not funny. I put lol just to show you how ridiculous this is. Idk why I even bother though
This type of alone is crazy. I'm on a while different level when ur comes to this. Family not even here for me. Y'all got somebody at least.
I put lol but I'm not laughing. There is nothing funny about being alone. People may know how it feels to be alone...But not like this.
Especially my peers, I should say. But Idk anymore. I give up. It's pointless. Nobody is here for me so I resort to telling strangers. Lol
That's probably why I'm alone. So now I'm stuck here by myself. I'm too strange and different from everyone else. Even my peers.
And I'm sure that love is something I'm incapable of receiving. Maybe that's why things never work out for me. I'm unlovable.
Love don't exist to me. I just live. If I ever say I love someone then I can't be telling the full truth. Idk what it means to love.
I live alone on a planet full of billions of people. I honestly wonder why I was put here. What good can come of this life?
Imma just go to sleep and live this lonely life I live. Tomorrow I will wake up and be alone again. Estranged in this place I live in.
I don't even know why I'm tweeting. Like literally no one can really relate to me. And I mean this. I feel like an alien on a strange planet
My life is not the way I expected it to be. Idk if it's a good thing or a bad thing. I guess I'm still waiting to find out. Idk anymore.
I feel like I'm working towards a goal that's unachievable. So what's the point anymore. I'm just frustrated because nothing goes how I plan
In all honesty, I really hate this life. I do not want to do this anymore but I have to. Nothing is easy. And I'm tired of working so hard.
Wrote a poem, prayed, made dua, read some Qur'an earlier. Today was a good day.
Food for thought, so excuse me while I eat these words

Actions speak louder; you can't hear me so… 
When I look around, that's when I realize I literally have no one. 

It's like I'm lost, abandoned,… 
Just tried to write a poem...It was garbage smh.
The tough part is when I said "I see you here, and I see you there" and then that kept happening. I would be everywhere lol.
Then when she picked it up?
What did she expect when she first saw the letter?
How what happened? And why did she read it so many times?
How many times did she read it though?
Wrote that last week and was tryna come up with ideas on how to give it to her. I just improvised today lol. Had an opportunity and took it.
This is just the beginning. Just wait until time progresses and we're married.
Once I'm married my whole romance attribute will enhance to the next level lol.
Didn't think something like that would happen to her? That was small in comparison to what I would do in the future in shaa Allah.
Went to my dorm a while ago.
What makes it a big deal? What did she even like about it
And I didn't run through a bush at all. I was across the street. It's impossible to appear behind someone when I went the other way.
But like I think she exaggerated the whole thing. It was okay. She only smiled to be polite. Probably still ain't smell the oil on it though
A ran a few times but other times can't be explained. Like by the highway and on the way back by the fire station. Teleportation at its best
Used instant transmission (teleported) a few times today. Had fun lol.
Like what
There was nothing to think about
Why did she walk around then
My poem was probably corny. She only walked around because it was nice outside.
Knew she was going to the cafe before she even went in there. Lol
No one else can read that poem. Is for her eyes only. I wonder how she really feel though.
I wonder why she is walking around. Must not have liked it that much.
Probably ain't even peep the smell
Threw some oil up there lol.
The bugs must like the way the envelope smell
That park across the street from your dorm. By the bus stop. as if you're going to 7/11. I'll be sitting on the bench in front of admissions
come on then
I have no way to contact my family...I hit my brother up on Facebook but he ain't respond. My phone is off. Smh.
About to make maghrib then eat...May Allah accept my fast for today. Ameen. 
Photography skill on the money. But SubhanAllah, these trees are beautiful. Tryna mess up my allergies but beautiful. 
Wow 
*rotates my hand at you like my mother does it*
Smh
My volume is up and I just keep hearing notification after notification after notification. Im playing the game and that junk is distracting
That was just completely unacceptable. Like seriously. After you said you were done you continued...
Made me lose my game.
You made me so mad...Like tweet after tweet after tweet. Wallahi if you ever do that again in any circumstance I will unfollow you.
I'm about to unfollow you! So stop now!
What do you need it for. That's the question. What did you say specifically?
Didn't answer the full question but I'll just go to sleep now.
Whatchu tell her and what she say
When did you even get it? And does she know what you're doing it for?
Made what for Bloomfield? And only one doing what?
Obviously not
Maybe need to make your intentions clear...or not. Whatever
Need to apply for it.
Still worth a shot here. Both should try it, see what happens.
May 23rd 2014. Today is the 25th of April.
Not true. Two days too late.
Ugh my life is so frustrating. The only comfort I get is knowing that after hardship comes ease. I just wish I knew when that ease will come
About to drive home. My wheel game is up
I can't just chill and walk past certain people without getting major eye contact...gosh. Like what are you looking at lol.
Finished reading surah al-kahf. Alhamdulilah.
Made a mistake and spilled oil on my thobe, now I got a few oil stains on it...
This headache is killing me. I'm halfway dead.
Inspiration comes to those who feel. Speak from the heart and keep it real.
Writing is something that has to be worked on. I'm my biggest critic. I never think I write good poems. I nitpick at them. I still post them
I don't think my last 3 poems were that good. But people say otherwise. However, practice makes perfect. All poems don't have to be shared.
I feel as though it should be something done more often. There is talent there.
Night=made. Amazing. I'm done. And people thought they couldn't do it. Beautiful, heartfelt. I smiled through it all.
Okay...I'll just go to bed confused then lol.
I like when people give feedback on my poetry and go in depth about it.
I wish I had a better camera to show you the picture

Because this deserves much more than just a… 
The way the moon is curved part shadow, part light. The white pearlescent glow. Gloomy, yet bright. These are indeed the signs of this life.
Idk why but I feel drained. I'm tired. Plus, I'm...frustrated. I need some a release.
Idk why I even bother writing my poetry...no one cares anyway.
It's times like these when I'm sitting in the dark
Where it really sinks in that we have to be… 
This isn't true, I don't love you to the moon and back. That's an understatement, because of the… 
Imma make an 11th one, being my poetry. So comment and let me know. 
Tryna get back in shape, that's why I be balling. I'm starting to lose weight and get my physique back. But I'm still ugly though lol
It's messed up how they canceled that trip to the indoor trampoline place. I wanted to go...*sigh* guess I should go play basketball instead
I'm tired of loving people who don't know how to love me back...or maybe I'm unable to be loved. Either way, I'm done.
I guess when I put my hopes and trust in people I get let down because I believe in them too much. So now I got to distance myself from them
People can forget about me and show me that I mean nothing to them but when I stop trying then I'm wrong. When I stop caring I'm a bad guy.
So nobody came to support me at the live reading of my poem...whatever. It's cool though. I'm used to having nobody.
ROAR: Issue One 
There are so many fruits I've never seen or even heard of...wow 
I'm afraid to trust and to love again because I am afraid that I may end up getting hurt and betrayed. So I won't allow myself to. It hurts.
They say that although admitting and facing your fears is the hard part, it is the start of how to overcome them. So with that being said...
They even treat me well...I wonder why that is. I guess real recognize real lol
I feel like I get a lot of respect from people when I show that I'm a proud muslim. They ask questions and make conversation with me.
Omg...make dua for my mother. She really needs it. She's gotta become better because the state that she's in right now isn't ideal.
Apparently aloe vera juice works as a laxative...#themoreyouknow #experience 
Got a performance this Monday coming up and on the 29th of this month. Idk where the shelby art room is at though. 
Tomorrow is going to be busy. I gotta register for classes and apply for housing. Imma register for classes tonight at 12 though.
Why this ignorant girl commenting on my status...talking that bs
Girls was staring at me today while I was at the mall. Smh.
I guess my pressure is up right now...Idk how though. Smh
I really hate coming to the mall. People be in the way, they walk too slow. I gotta pee, I have a headache and I'm aggravated.
Furious 7 was a good movie though.
Imma put that junk on ig later on so I can see what others say.
She said she'd hit me with a bus lol. But she said I'm cute though so I guess that's something.
"@ForTheMen: When she jokes about you vs when you joke about her 
I guess I'm datable but marryable (those aren't words but you get the point). So now I'm curious to see what others gotta say.
Me and my bro for sibling day. 
Imma tell her when it happens. I'm looking forward to it now lol jk
She told me to tell her when it happens to me because I said I doubt it will.
Random girls
My aunt said that if I keep smelling good, one of these days some girl is gonna come up to me and kiss me for smelling and looking good. Smh
I really was sitting here talking to my roommate for like two hours straight. Giving him advice and everything. We talked about life.
I think the girls at my job are getting to comfortable talking to me. I'm not sure but I felt like they were flirting with me heavy.
My wife is gonna have to get used to wrestling with me and play fighting lol. I be having too much energy. Plus it's fun.
That's why it was deleted
There is no reason. Just didn't mean it...
This is why I barely tweet these days. People get corny and feel proud of themselves. I'm done for today lol.
I hate how greasy chicken is...It gets on my hands under my nails. I despise it. With a passion. A burning passion. I hate grease.
Why must they put pork in the meatballs? Messing up life smh lol
Okay...so I'm glad I ain't get the meat balls at the cafe. They got pork in it.
Just went shopping. That new little supermarket they got is nice. Got all this fruit for $13. I'm satisfied lol. 
Duh...
I'm done with this though.
Not true. That was just made up. It's only of wide eyes. Looked it up and everything. People just making stuff up these days.
I guess they changed the meaning to their name from wide to wise but okay...They can have their cake and eat it too.
People's proofreading skills are on 0. They not even trying no more lol.
People don't proofread. Not even their bios Lmao
A thug just got a haircut. A young akhi just cut it for me. He did a good job...MashaAllah.
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again...when I see you again.
We've come a long way, from where we began...
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again...
It's been a long day without you my friend...
Chicken so fresh that jawn still had feathers Lmao smh. 
Nothing is being done about anything. I guess I'll just go back to sleep now and dream of a better situation...
There are no preparations to make that happen though. We're stagnant
I hate the vulnerability of loving someone while not being able to have them. What am I supposed to do now? Go back to being lonely?
@ameena_belle1 I love you
"@YasminRahman03: @BLESSED_BY_GOD7 سُبْحَانَ اللهِ your work is genuine, unique. May Allah bless it in abundance for you! <THUMBS UP SIGN>" Ameen
@YasminRahman03 thank you for reading my poetry. You always give me feedback on my work and I appreciate that.
Every now and then I get kinda lonely
I don't have friends, just people that know me

No one to talk… 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: Xbox live was the first place I ever experienced true racism <WEARY FACE><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>  
We've come a long way from where we began, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again.
It's been a long day, without you my friend and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again.
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: "Esmeralda, calm down... we'll get some tacos soon." <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
My mother had this book for a while...Might as well give it a read. 
#BlackPoetsSpeakOut: Bloomfield, NJ- Mubarak Muhammad: 
People like and share my other videos I post on Facebook but not the stuff that post regarding my poetry...okay.
I hate being up this late...I start feeling some type of way. Smh
The way these clouds look right now though. It's as if they're painted in the sky. 
The rules are simple...schedule a sit down then we'll talk. If not then I guess we will never talk. The ball is in your court.
Want to talk then schedule a sit down. End of discussion.
Wanna talk to me so badly why don't you schedule a sit down? Otherwise why are you trying to talk? Oh okay.
@BLESSED_BY_GOD7 check out my poem. It's not the best but it's something.
It kinda hurts my feelings that nobody is watching my poem...I guess that's just way life goes.
On my way to work
It's nice outside. Still kinda chilly though but nice nonetheless.
I guess I'm losing supporters. It is what it is though.
If we take a look at verse 47, you can see that Allah says that he created the heavens and it's… 
If we look here at verse 47, it seems that Allah says that he created the heavens and it expands. Science proves that 
#BlackPoetsSpeakOut: Bloomfield, NJ- Mubarak Muhammad: 
Going to sleep. Night ain't go so well...but hopefully tomorrow will be a better day. In the mean time, I ain't worried about nothing.
Or in other words an all expense paid vacation to say since words at an internationally known university Alhamdulilah 
Aye...looks like I'm going to England in shaa Allah. We got a presentation at Oxford university! 
Where
So what am I going to do?
I need to use somebody's phone...
I think my phone is off...I can't make calls nor can I text.
My face hurts. It's like sensitive to the touch...
That rko though. That video I posted was crazy
"@incredibleviews: I'M CRYING <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
"@LearnSomethlng: This is what a male red kangaroo looks like. 
#RAW is good tonight. Brock lesnar was wildin earlier. #RAWAfterMania
Wore a thobe today because I felt like it. People annoy me with their staring, however.
Nope, I've done too much. It's over now. I lose.
I forgot I was fasting today...made a mistake and broke my fast smh.
You sure?
My tweet with the picture where I asked a question.
Regarding my other tweet.
Huh?
"@RELATlONSHlP: Remember that 
That shrek video was an abomination Lmao. I showed my cousin. He was mad.
Either I have a headache or my pressure is up. Either way, I'm in pain.
What's wrong with my followers. They keep calling themselves crazy. I'm starting to agree.
Overall #WrestleMania  was good this year. Out of 5 stars it will get like 4.7 stars from me.
What happened?
?
???
My mother can sew.
Huh?
Whatever gets people through their day. If it works for them then go for it. I guess some people can't accept reality.
Why. When is it supposed to come
You on it yet?
Gotta check out the video I posted with the caption "aww"
This white girl in this scary movie is pissing me off. She doing the stupidest stuff. Like dang, what are you doing?
Yay I finally completed this nonsense survey lol 

"...Out of all the ways through which My servant can get closer to Me, Salāh is the dearest to Me..."

Ha…
The word slut is funny to me. But a female being one is not funny at all.
I'm funny
Imma give aziz to one of my followers. I hope they enjoy letting him crawl over them. He like to cuddle while you're sleep He's affectionate
Imagine him crawling on your arm and like up to your shoulder and just sitting there perched like a good pet would. Then he get on your head
Aziz is like a cat. He be running around, he's playful like a kitten. Just as cute as one too, especially when he's crawling in your hand.
I should catch him and give him to one of my followers as a pet. He's like a small cat with eight legs. I think she would like him. Lol
I don't really kill spiders. They be the lil bruhs sometimes. It depends on where they at lol. But aziz just be chillin. He cool. Feel me?
What should I name lil bruh? Maybe al-aziz, that's fitting for him. Yeah that's his name now. Lol
He about to read the magazine. 
Let me see if this spider wanna take a picture
This spider over here chilling again. That's his spot. I should take another picture of him. Lol
At least we got next Thursday and Friday off.
I finally get to rest. I only have to work one day next week and that's Thursday. We gonna be on break though so I gotta travel.
She's Catholic, Imma spread as much dawah as possible. In shaa Allah.
My boss wants to have a talk about Islam. We gonna have a discussion sometime soon in shaa Allah. We were just chatting about it now though.
Idk if I can trust anyone. I'm afraid.
Are there any good people who don't lie? Cheat? Steal? Betray? Hurt? Use? Because it seems all to common these day. Idk who to trust...
This world is a messed up place. Lies, betrayal, hypocrisy you name it. I see it everyday. I can't take it anymore. Is there any good left?
I have no trust for anyone. I can't make this stop. I can't...I just wish my mind would shut up. It's so much going on right now. I can't...
I have severe trust issues. It's so hard to stay positive. I don't believe that anyone would ever be good to me. I've been traumatized.
I can't stop it...these negative thoughts. They haunt me. Feelings of distrust. Trust issues. Making up scenarios in my head...playing them.
Just bought new book. I got it after jummah. 
@YasminRahman03 thank you, you read both part one and two?
It's crazy how he chillin lol 
PART 2

I'm here to deliver part two like I promised, sorry for the wait but at least I was honest.… 
PART 1

Wise words from a decent man, I kinda got that from drake but I'm not fan. 

But let me get… 
To focus is not to forget about everything and only do what's important. Rather it is to remember what's important and do those things first
The biggest obstacle we face is our own minds in collaboration with our souls. We must fight to keep both pure. Otherwise we may go astray.
Everyday you should wake up determined to be better than you were yesterday. Understand that you are blessed with the opportunity to live.
It's better to let go and then gain than to have everything taken away. Trust in Allah's plan.
Come outside
Change yourself. Your ways. Your focus. Etc. Are you ready? And willing? And are you ready to go?
It's strictly business and about something beneficial. Only come along if you're willing to understand and try. Be ready to change.
Wanna go for a walk after maghrib?
I don't have a reason to trust anyone completely. It doesn't make sense why I should. I don't know what their intentions are.
I'm skeptical of the things people tell me. I'll probably never trust someone completely. I just can't.
What they got in the cafe? Is it worth going there after work?
I'm bored.
...time to pray
People with shopping problems should not come through at all lol.
Lmao ole girl was mesmerized when I called her by her name. She looked like that made her day. I was just telling her what the manager said.
I'm not wasting my money there anymore. They lost a customer.
Plus, they aren't muslim. They have a small statue of an Indian deity next to their cash register.
Hmm, I'm pretty sure that Kennedy fried chicken isn't halal like they say they are. They might be lying. They have no halal certificate.
At work...I wonder what time I get off today. Lol
Lol aww
People live some corny lives these days.
Mhmm. Sure
So you were in your dorm looking out the window? I hope you're proud.
They be in their dorms waiting for me to come through probably
People be looking out their Windows for me.
Where.
"@HerPsychology: 
The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "Du'a (supplication) is worship."
…
Imma go to sleep. So please no more tweets
Somebody owe me a snack or two
Ctfu, I had peanut butter on my fingers for like 15 minutes and didn't even know it
We cry; Allah listens.
We sin; Allah forgives
We repent; Allah accepts
We knock; Allah opens
We a…
without communication.
Talk to Allah, tell Him what you feel like, what you want, thank Him for…
I be posting some funny videos on Facebook though
Sipping on this water. It's ice cold...So refreshing. SubhanAllah
"@AccurateText: Ever since I met you, nobody else is worth thinking about." But you don't feel the same...
My wife gonna have to get used to giving/getting massages. They're important to me lol.
My back has been feeling better since that massage though. But I need another one.
Why 6? I hate that number...
I guess prayers don't come first to some people.
Going to the cafe wasn't the plan...
I forgot we ain't have class on Friday. I was wildin lol
Lmao I just realize the reason I didn't understand the homework. I was on the wrong chapter. I was on 9.4 but we just did 9.3 I was confused
I'm not gonna go to tutoring...
What was the quiz and test grade?
I don't have time to go there though.
Yo I don't understand the math homework...I might not do it.
I'm hungry...but anyway, time for prayer.
A-L-L-A-H
Fasting today.
Anyway...fasting tomorrow in shaa Allah. I have a lot to make up for.
I wish they had some halal food spots around here...
Idk why I'm tired. I feel drained, despite taking that long nap earlier. I might go to sleep soon.

me: “no, but it’s okay.”.
like
you expect rain.
both,
cleanse you.”
mother. Love her,respect
her, listen to her and most importantly pray for her.
Our Life is in Allah’s Hands
╚═════════════════╝
"@BEAUTIFULPlCS: Explosion of color in the Japanese Gardens in #Portland. Photo by Michael Matti. 
"@MicroscopicPicz: golden fish scales ~&amp;gt; 
"@Derpey: Spider dog prank 
"@Derpey: High Five Prank 
"@Derpey: Watch out! 
"@Derpey: Damn got his ass <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> 
"@Derpey: How to prank your cat 
"@Derpey: Most Evil Prank EVER <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
"@Alhamdhulillaah: Allah has purpose for your pain, a reason for your struggles and a reward for your faithfulness. Don't give up." Strive.
"@ameena_belle1: It feels like this sometimes 
I can retweet retweets, but not regular tweets that they wrote themselves.
People got their profiles on private so I can't retweet their tweets but whatever.
Why can't I retweet tweets...
So...what is that then
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: "I'm your son" <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
So...? Now what
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: When you finally fed up 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: omg the cat thought his owner drowned 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: when i drop my mixtape 
Right? So haram?
That's transportation. Not the same thing.
Proof
Well then, there you go. Which is why I'm always alone.
Is it halal or haram to sit together while eating?

F…
1) Do not speak about your sins
2) Nor about your pain
3) And do not praise yourself
@SteelKingpin lol, iight.
@SteelKingpin lol word. We gotta hang out sometime though.
@SteelKingpin I was thinking about it the other day and was like I wonder if he remember that junk. People used to be hating lol
Wanna go get some later? Or combine ours?
I gotta wash clothes too
More than likely
You don't have to.
Lonely lol
And if you don't?
Want to?
Going home today?
I gotta go to work today. At like 5:30. I get off at 9:30.
Can't get there in time
Right.
Mhmm...
You have no two o'clock class today.
No...That's not true
I only had one class today. And that was at 4. So, yeah...no class for me today.
Thought everybody got the email 
No class today.
A thug wanna cuddle right now...too bad I have no one here with me to cuddle with.
A thug is kinda tired. Perhaps I should go to sleep now
Thug life lol
Watching avatar the last air bender, this is a show for thugs. Such as myself.
Iight, now a thug gonna lay back eat some snacks and just chill. Feel me
A thug was hungry. That food hit the spot!
I hope everyone is INSIDE safe, away from the shayatin.
This why I don't like being outside party night. People be drinking smh. Being mischievous and what not. It's better to be inside
They be stingy with their duck sauce smh. Tried to front and only give a thug two.
Getting Chinese food.
@SteelKingpin yo, you remember our handshake from high school?
And yet she says "I post everywhere I go on Twitter"...lies
Alrighty, let me get ready to go to work.
Am I the only one fasting today?
I'm hungry...but I'm fasting so, yeah. No food lol
Might do a double major. Philosophy and education. The requirements are the same so why not? Probably can obtain both with the same classes.
I might not be able to go to jummah tomorrow...I have a lot of work to do between now and tomorrow. I want to go tomorrow though. Ugh...
I'm so annoyed right now. I'm frustrated with myself. I'm tired of this.
"@NotebookMsgs: Boys take notes 

Astaghfirullah. استغفر الله
Astaghfirullah. استغفر الله 
Astaghfirullah. استغفر الله 
Astaghfirul…
Do it again...
Being on Facebook won't help. the closing of the eyes and laying there in the dark will.
I guess Facebook means sleep.
Imma fast tomorrow, in shaa Allah.
La ilaha ila Allah
There is no God but Allah
Allahu Akbar
Allah is the Greatest
You must realize that Allah has created us imperfect, so He does not expect perfection from us but He does expect us to try our best.
  <GEM STONE><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><SPARKLING HEART>استغفر الله<SPARKLING HEART><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><GEM STONE>
   <GEM STONE><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><SPARKLING HEART>استغفر الله<SPARKLING HEART><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><GEM STONE>
    <GEM STONE><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><SPARKLING HEART>استغفر الله<SPARKLING HEART><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><GEM STONE>
     <GEM STONE><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><SPARKLING HEART>استغفر الله<SPARKLING HEART><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><GEM STONE>

#اكثروا_من_الصلاة_عل…
I'm done with talking.
Sure...Whatever
Vice versa. You probably do
I mad she put "lol" like that was cute...
...
Mhmm like what/who
IG, FB, Twitter...etc..
Like you don't...honestly
I guess people just want me to lie to them. I'm not gonna do that though. If you ask a question then expect an honest answer. I expect it to
I keep cutting myself...May Allah remove some of my sins. Ameen. 
How it look? How much?
Bought something?
My stalker must have left
That's crazy...I got stalkers lol smh
Better do it while it's still day light
It was romantic though
Lol she deleted that tweet
Alrighty...I'm dressed, all I gotta do is use the bathroom and I'll be ready to go.
I already said what I'm going to say.
A thug is hungry...I really don't feel like spending money on food again but it is what it is. I gotta eat. So let me just get dressed smh.
"@AccurateText: Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down." I do this a lot.
"@AccurateText: Every night I sit at home alone, wondering whether you're thinking of me too." Do you?
"@ayeemaliyah: It's so cute when you've been texting someone for a while and they start using the same slang you do" people use my words lol
I have a huge split across my finger. Like it's deep too smh.
People should stop tweeting cats altogether
Do not test me. It will happen
Consider yourself unfollowed. Just one more cat tweet and it's curtains
I'm about to unfollow people that keeps tweeting cats...
The Wi-Fi been goofing off all day smh.
The Wi-Fi is trash smh
I literally haven't eaten today. I'm hungry. Idk what to do, I don't feel like spending money on food again.
"@SavageComedy: Holy shit. Saw this on twitter and i looked at my finger and I'm like damnnnnn <FLUSHED FACE> 
Even #Allah knows our…
#Alhamdulillah 
#AllahuAkbar 
#LAILAHEILLALLAH 
من غشنا فليس منا
#cheating #الغش
Of course...because you have nothing to say anyway. I'm right.
So I'm done with everyone. Including you.
Exactly my point. I'm wasting my time with half hearted people. They aren't committed to any cause and make me look foolish because of it.
I have to talk to people for months to do things that can benefit even themselves and they barely do it. Why am I wasting my time again?
I just don't like the people in my life anymore. They're not here for me. They never help me or reciprocate any support. They do nothing...
I'm tired of worrying about people that don't worry about me. I pray for people that don't care as much about me. I'm wasting my time.
Exactly.
You. You happened.
Sometimes I hate the fact that I'm alive. Nobody here cares for me or appreciates me. This is nothing to me. I'm done with everyone.
There is no such thing as hope...I'm tired of hoping. Nothing good ever happens for me anyway. It's a waste of time and energy.
I wish people would shut up. Acting as if any of this matters.
I'm about to turn off these notifications...idc where you going
Honestly I don't even like/trust people. I'm tired of people overall. Imma disconnect myself from everyone. Nobody's really worth it to me.
Why do they always walk in together...

Seek help with patience&amp;prayers &amp; He'll grant ur needs<OK HAND SIGN> 
"@Funny_Truth: This mountain of pancakes. 
People just be taking stuff and looking at things...They must have no lives smh.
People be looking at who I follow and follow them for themselves lol. People are something else these days. I bet they look at my favorites.
"@TheGoogleFactz: How To Jump From A Moving Car 
A beautiful girl shared a video of a beautiful bird on Facebook. Ma shaa Allah

Any which one we will follow we will reach our destination. Jannah.
IS NEVER
GUARANTEED. 
SO PRAISE
ALLAH ﷻ AND
CHERISH
TODAY.
Didn't say Ameen but okay...I guess
Alrighty so I'm all bandaged up. I lost some blood put some peroxide, alcohol and a bandaid on it and now I hope it stop bleeding completely
I lost so much blood...SO MUCH BLOOD.
I cut my finger...badly 
May Allah protect the women of the ummah. Ameen.
I hope everybody be careful out there. It's dark outside and nobody should be walking alone.
Time to pray
Now that I think about it, it may be my fault that these things happen to me. It's all self endured
It's crazy how many girls be flirting with me at work. My co-workers be trying their best lol. I need to stop wearing my signature oils smh.
Have fun.
I guess it's not okay to have feelings...Whatever.
"Someone she know" wow. I must be significant to have that title...
So I guess she ain't say nothing about me then. Just smiled
It'd be funny if I was spoken about. I wonder if they said anything about me
Who was she there with?
Who was she with?
I wonder how she felt about seeing me today. Surprised, happy...etc. Lol
"@Alhamdhulillaah: When you’ve done everything you can do, that’s when Allah will step in and do what you can’t do" gotta do your part 1st.
"@ou_natasha: #Tahajjud_Salah &lt;3 
I gotta go to work...I hope I have an easy day. I don't feel like doing much. In shaa Allah things go well for me.
Lmao that was strange...I never get butterflies when I see people. That's a very strange feeling to get. Now I feel all ridiculous lol.
The moon looks nice. It's a half moon but it's yellow and kinda big.

<BOUQUET> 🇦
<BOUQUET> 🇸
<BOUQUET> 🇹
<BOUQUET> 🇦
<BOUQUET> 🇬
<BOUQUET> 🇭
<BOUQUET> 🇫
<BOUQUET> 🇮
<BOUQUET> 🇷
<BOUQUET> 🇺
<BOUQUET> 🇱
<BOUQUET> 🇱
<BOUQUET> 🇦
<BOUQUET> 🇭
<BOUQUET> 🇦
<BOUQUET> 🇱
<BOUQUET> 🇦
<BOUQUET> 🇿
<BOUQUET> 🇮
<BOUQUET> 🇲

Astaghfirullah. استغفر الله
Astaghfirullah. استغفر الله 
Astaghfirullah. استغفر الله 
Astaghfirul…
"@FIirtationship: If I lived with bae i would never use my phone" real talk though.
La ilaha ila Allah
There is no God but Allah

"Treat your wife the way you want your daughter to be treated."

• [Ash-Sharh a…
Allahu Akbar
Allah is the Greatest
"@drvgvisual: this is very important. 
I just now updated my Twitter. Went to her profile and was surprised to see the different format lol

• [2…
The epitome of name Superman. 

#superman 
I'm an air bender. Just call me the avatar lol. What type of hand do you have? #earth #water #air… 
Lmao she said "I don't wanna play this game anymore" with a sad face. Lol
@SteelKingpin @WeLoveRobDyrdek word. And y'all got me into it.
@SteelKingpin @WeLoveRobDyrdek Lmao yeah right. You and qawi were the main ones. Kev did too though. At the time I didn't even know how to
@SteelKingpin @WeLoveRobDyrdek Lmao that was y'all...always screen watching lol
@WeLoveRobDyrdek remember this @SteelKingpin we used to always play here lol. This and high rise.
I really wish I had a grip on my life
But with God in control everything will be alright

I trust… 
Whatever...I guess I just won't tweet anymore at all. I might as well delete Twitter now because it's useless. I'm out
When I speak about my feelings all I want is someone to understand me. But I guess that's too much to ask. I'm done. And this is why...
This is why I don't tweet much. I get shut down so I'm going ghost...again.

1- Pray to Allah
2- Pray to Allah
3- Pray to Allah

And finally...

4…
Whatever...
I rarely believe them.
I barely trust people already as it is so words don't mean much anymore.
I don't believe the hype. Like they can say what they want but it's not the same. They just don't measure up to how I feel.
I doubt anyone feels as much as I feel. My feelings hit me like a train all the time. No one cares about me the same way I do for them.
Sure...
Outta sight outta mind I guess
She probably wasn't even worried about me though
Missed her today...
Why are people calling me?
Somebody called me?
Hope she feels better. Made dua for her.
This family will be the death of me. I hate it. I wish I'd die, perhaps the they'd appreciate me. Nobody cares...smh. she just left me alone
Mommy gave me water mixed with vinegar...It's supposed to be good for high blood pressure. "It's an old remedy" she says.
It must've been those wings I had earlier at Bloomfield. They even looked salty...smh. I knew what I was getting myself into.
Feel like my pressure is up...I'm in pain.
The moon looks nice tonight. It has a star right next to it. And it's a baby moon.
I mean, the prophet (SAW) used to fast on his birthday too so..
Haven't eaten all day, might as well say I'm fasting lol. Maghrib comes in soon so I'll just stick it out. May Allah accept my birthday fast
Waste*
Truth hurts...But it's true.
Living in such a cold cold world...Living in solitude, feels like I'm in jail.

 Who do I turn to? Who… 
The silence of this room is deafening to my ears...the coldness of this world is deafening to my heart. I'm slowly dying on the inside.
Look at the flick of that wrist! #PS4share

Ya rabb, please forgive us for the sins and transgressions we've committed. Have mercy on us Ameen.
Astaghfirullah
I got spot number 14...But so far only like 7 people are here.
Program might start a little late. Everybody not here yet.
Gotta write a poem by 6pm tomorrow. I'll get it done. 
I just need somebody to love. And for somebody to love me. But I'm alone...of course.
I'm frustrated...I'm at one of my lowest points. I'm at the point where I'm feeling so much but I can't express it. Not even in a poem...
I just wish I had help during these hard times...But I don't. And it hurts.
Why don't I have anyone? Not even someone to talk to. Not even someone to hold. Not even someone to listen. Where is my support? Where are u
I'm just tired of stressing. My focus is too much on this world; that's my problem. So I'm detaching myself from everything/everyone.
I don't have people to look forward to talking to. Nobody is really worth my time nor worth fighting for. Nobody fights for me anyway...
My feelings, emotions, faith, and life overall has been on a rollercoaster. I'm tired of it. I don't care about any of this anymore. Im done
Life's been a drag. I don't see anything taking me out of this slump anytime soon. It's like I don't even care anymore about anything.
Been in an unbelievably bad mood as of late. Nothing has been going my way. Seeing that "special someone" don't even feel special no more.
@SteelKingpin yeah you do.
@SteelKingpin oh iight cool. You got ps4 right?
@SteelKingpin depressed? Aww man, that's not good. But I know how that could be. I hope all is well with you though. You live at home?
@SteelKingpin I'm just in school tryna get my life together. Whatever happened with you and school?
@SteelKingpin thanks bruh. I'm iight now. But like how you been?
At least someone cares...I think.
Whatever.
Nobody loves me...No one in this world does. And that hurts. So why does God make me feel this way? Does he not love me or something?
So what's the point of me being here? I have nothing, no one. It's not fair. I'm tired of it all. I just wish this was over.
Nothing good ever befall upon me. I'm always losing out on everything. I'm always getting hurt. No one cares. God barely answers my prayers.
I hate this world why was I put here? No one loves me in this sorry world. I'm tired of living. I have no one. God even turns his back on me
Truly we are in some very testing times. A time where trials and calamities are abundant. But surely the reward is to 
Every plan I made for today has been eliminated. But...we plan and Allah plan. But Allah is the best of planners. And Allah knows best.
My chances of making it back to Bloomfield today is very slim. I have no way of getting back...Idk what I'm gonna do.
I'm hungry, I'm aggravated and stressed. Someone please save me
I hate when people salaam me but don't pronounce it correctly.
It's freezing outside...But the moon looks nice. It's big, full and kinda yellow. Looks like it was hiding though lol.
I hate having to go to the library all the time just to do homework. I always end up being behind, now I gotta go again to get more done.
So, how does this sound to you? 
I'm tryna please my creator so I plan on doing that the best way I can. Besides, I'm fasting with purpose. I want Allah to allow us to marry
Iight I'm about to go to sleep...Imma try to fast tomorrow and pray fajr on time in shaa Allah. My roommate not gonna like it but Allah will
"@LawsOfSex: Kiss her <FACE THROWING A KISS> 
Not sure if they deliver for under $15 though 
The aftermath of such an event. Alhamdulilah I didn't get hurt though. I almost fell on my face but I caught myself. 
Was walking to get food, almost went down. I caught myself with my hands before I hurt myself but I ripped a hole in my pants. Glad I'm okay
Food run...
Tired of spending money on food but I'm hungry...So hungry. Smh
"@RealTouchingPic: "STOP GLOBAL WARMING" &amp; save our Planet Earth! 
أنا أحبك نجلاء
May Allah keep us all safe and guide us in all of our endeavours. Ameen.
There was one message throughout all time. The message that God is One. Each and every prophet came to… 
I need a righteous wife 
It says all freshman so I'm not the only one going though
I guess that thing tomorrow at 8:30 is mandatory now...So I gotta go smh 
It doesn't but okay
Only like huh?
أحبك نجلاء
About to take this shower, read a surah and then die off for the night.
I hate when small people be out at night by themselves. I hope they get inside
Why am I just now hearing about this? 
Go back to the dorm
Omg...Likes outta nowhere!!!
Now I'm going to the cafe. I'm hungry
They said "I like the way you talk" so they want me to be a part of some student union thing.
“…
Might go to that program tonight at 8
I swear this mattress is so hard...I hate laying on it. It hurts my back and my sides.

“Any matter of importance which is not begun with Alhamdulillah (praise be to Allah) remains defective.”

• …
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: Don't mess with westbrook 
Based on my pics and posts...What can you say or conclude about me? 
More pics of these snow covered trees. 
These trees look beautiful covered in snow. My fingers almost got frostbite tryna get these pics but it was worth it. 
Got snacks on deck 
Woke up with my ankle hurting due to the precipitation.

"Whenever the sincerity of the slave of Allāh strengthens, his worship becomes more complete."

• [al-…

(HasbunAllah wa ni'mal-wakeel)

Allah is Sufficient for us, and He is the Best Disposer of af…
Don't leave the one who loves you..
Don't hide anything from the one who trusts you..
"@hadithday: O اللّـه, guide us and keep us on Siraatul Mustaqeem and accept all our duas 
"@JustAGirIThing: I have to visit Lake Moraine one day <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SUNRISE OVER MOUNTAINS><ROWBOAT> 
No 10 am class...let's go. Alhamdulilah 
Need I say more? Pure brilliance. 
Made some of this bacon...unfair. it tastes ridiculous. I gotta make some more because of how good I made them. Smh 
Send me that video of my performance again.
Doubt that's true. At least not realistic in this situation.
Activia! Got yogurt on deck waiting for the pudding to get cold so I can have some if that too 
I never really messed with smoked turkey necks until now...let me find out I was missing out all these years.
Got that green drink. These junks are beyond amazing. 
"@whykidscried: "She couldn't dunk her cookie." - Angie, New York 
"@whykidscried: "We told him that he had to share the huge plate of pancakes." - Amy 
"@whykidscried: "Chick-fil-A was closed on Sunday." -Ana 
About to make sunnah rakats
Prepare yourself.
...
So what happened with that...
Had to decorate our door tags so I made mines a superman shirt lol. #superman #collegelife 
I hope I didn't mess it up...is it ugly now? Smh
How much you make me smile,
How much I love talking to you,
Or how much I wish yo…
Should it be one stripe or two? Hmm
Drew a belt with the emblem on it at the bottom and added a stripe to the sleeve. I hope I ain't mess it up. Lol 
Colored my door tag lol. Looks tough but I might add more to it. 
I'm bored...and lonely. Wish I had someone here with me.
So...nobody is going home today?

~Ibn Al-Jawzee
If you read the Quran, believe it.
If you believe the Quran, live it.
Masha'Allah. 

ALLAH

HAVE

MERCY

ON

OUR

MOTHERS

AND

FATHERS

AND 

ENTER

THEM

INTO

JANNAH

Ameeeeen

 Remember nothin…
If you have people in your life who appreciates you and supports you and what you do then hang on to them the best way you can.
"@islamicfreedom: O Allah, help me to remember You, to thank you, and to worship You in the best of manner." Ameen
About to pray then reluctantly walk to the store...
Might go to cvs. I need some soap
Alright I'm done...That's enough for me now. I'm full Lol
Fruit game crazy today. They got kiwi and everything is basically fresh. 
Phase four, get more food!! Lol. These wings good.
Phase two complete. Now to go get food
Iight, phase one complete. Now to put the clothes in the machine and I'm off to the cafe.
Great, just came up with the plan. First, pray maghrib, then put clothes in the washer, go eat, then dry the clothes and read Qur'an.
I wonder why some people walk all the way towards my dorm then go to theirs...Like you walked right past your building.
I hope people will finally take me seriously for a change.
Shower time
"@FactSoup: To be honest, you're the only one I've ever spent this much time and effort on." Honestly
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: Me after a math test 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: best believe Microsoft will be making billions 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: nemo don't do it <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: TWITTER TOO MUCH RIGHT NOW <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
 
Finished my homework
"@googIeposts: We met for a reason, either you're a blessing or a lesson." I really hope you're the blessing...
Not going to the library right now...Maybe not until 10.
This my teacher
@ameena_belle1 move closer...is it gonna be able to see me well?
I want someone to record me and send it to me...lol
@ameena_belle1 west minister hall. The church thing across the street from mandee
Getting ready to do this poem. I hope I do well. In the place waiting for everything to start...should… 
It's too many people in my life that don't care about my feelings...I'm tired of it. I truly am. No one values me.
Gotta performance today. In shaa Allah I do well. 
@ameena_belle1 I'm not sure yet...I'm kinda scared
Only two students can go and she picked me...Interesting.
I've been given a proposition to travel to England with a teacher to do poetry this summer at Oxford university for a conference.
I can only pray that things work out from this point. I'm tired of feeling unwanted and unloved. Maybe now something changes. In shaa Allah.
In the computer lab
Alhamdulilah, I made isha. I feel like relaxing for a few, probably read the Qur'an for a lil while. I'll go to the library around 7:45.
Gotta go to the library in a few...I got homework to do and plus I have no laptop to do it on. But first, I must pray.
1. Trust Allah 
2. Make a plan 
3. Trust Allah again 
4. Carry out the plan 
5. Keep Trusting All…

- Abdullah 

(Bukhari)
I bit the inside of my cheek with my wisdom tooth...now I'm bleeding.
About to pray maghrib. It came in a few minutes ago...
. 
أحبك جدا
No one deserves to be out there without any heat...It's crazy outside. I was out there for maybe 10… 
It is brutally cold outside. No one should ever have to be homeless especially not in this weather. SubhanAllah. I almost froze my face off.
Asr is in 
So they got ONLY pork sausage in the cafe...Like seriously though? Smh
Reading the glorious words of my Lord. 
Tell me, what would you do if your life is in despair? 

And nothing going on seems to be fair.

You… 
I'm tired of people. Nobody treats me right. I'm done giving my all to people. THEY ALL take me for granted. I'm done.
I'm wasting my time tryna keep people in my life who don't make an effort to even stay here. I'm tryna progress but I guess nobody wants to.
I can ask them to do the simplest of tasks...talk to someone, or do something for me or help me in a situation. But it never happens.
I'm really starting to hate the people in my life. Like literally NO ONE ever does anything I ask of them. Even if they have days to do it.
"@Shamus_Z: "There comes a time when you have to stop crossing oceans for people who wouldn't even jump puddles for you.""
No more poetry reading for me today...That got cancelled too. Smh
Mad I gotta go to this class. But at least class from 12 all the way through tomorrow are cancelled
Days like these makes death seem way easier. I have no love in my life at all. From anywhere. May Allah alleviate me from this pain. Ameen.
Finally back at campus...I've had a long day. I'm mentally, emotionally and physically tired. I'm starting to dislike life.
"@Maestrouzy: Ya Allah fulfill my dreams. 
Ya Allah give me success. 
Ya Allah give me a bright future. 
Ya Allah bless my parents." Ameen
Okay, so now I'm going back to sleep...made fajr so in shaa Allah I'll have a nice day.
caring for you,
watching over you,
protecting you.
GUESS who???
Say: "He is #ALLAH, the One." ( #Qu…
#Quran
#ALLAH will heal you.

People humiliate you.
#ALLAH will magnify you.

People will judge you.
#ALLAH will …
From Fate, like death it will always find us...<PERFORMING ARTS>
"@YourLifeFeed: I want you. All of you. Your flaws. Your mistakes. Your imperfections. I want you, and only you." I wish she felt the same..

Ib…
Love you Mom Love you Dad. <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
"@YourLifeFeed: I’d love to meet someone who’s literally head over heels for me and would actually put effort in a relationship with me"
Pray for me if indeed your love for me is true. 
Hand written by whom?
"@topislamictwit: <TWO HEARTS>
May

<TWO HEARTS>
Allah

<TWO HEARTS>
Forgive

<TWO HEARTS>
Us

<TWO HEARTS>
For

<TWO HEARTS>
The

<TWO HEARTS>
Times

<TWO HEARTS>
We

<TWO HEARTS>
Have

<TWO HEARTS>
Disrespected

<TWO HEARTS>
Our

<TWO HEARTS>
Parents" 

Ameen
I learned that any time I say a dua, afterwords I should always say Ameen. No matter how small the dua is. Even in my head. Say Ameen
Ask him to keep me.
May Allah allow this situation to bring us closer to each other by becoming closer to him...in his own timing. Ameen 
@ameena_belle1 where are you?
Where is that?
I love you
I really do love when it snows. It looks beautiful to me.
That whole situation was a disaster...I'm upset. Still
"Hungry"
Nobody ever eats with me lol. But they love staring.
Hot wings and fries...not the best thing to eat with a white thobe on lol
About to make maghrib...I'm hungry.
I'm done for tonight. I don't know why I even bother sometimes. Perhaps it's not meant to be...or maybe it is. Idk...idc.
For them are Gardens of perpetual residence,
beneath which Rivers flo…
"@IslamicTongue: To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person." I do both..study me and them.
"@googIeposts: The best way to avoid disappointment is to not expect anything from anyone." That's why I've started to detach myself.
"@GreatTextMsgs: I want a long-lasting relationship." is forever to much to ask for?
"@islamicfreedom: Sometimes the best way to help someone is to just understand them." Maybe I'm not making myself clear enough
"@pisceshcp: #Pisces are over emotional and cant control it." I have my reasons.
Don't forget Read Sureh Al-kahf,
And Remember me in Your [Dua'a] JazakAllahu Khairn!
without communication.
Talk to Allah, tell Him what you feel like, what you want, thank Him for…

- All hopes are lost, except in Allāh

<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX>
"@PoemHeaven: “Everyone cares when it's too late.”" don't be this type
"@QASIFx: Alhamdulillah its Jummah.. Remember me in your Duas...."
Perhaps my absence means nothing. Perhaps this isn't a sign to try harder. Perhaps I'm more insignificant than I thought. Or do I not matter
It's kinda cold out but Imma go to the park in a few.
Imma just leave off of this one 
Also worth reading and applying 
Love for the sake of Allah...It's worth a read but more importantly consider. 
"@PoemPorns: 
This gonna be my last tweet today. This is how it's gonna be until I see you make a change. Until then im gone. Tired of tryna do this alone

Those who put you in hardship
Those who helped you in hardship
Those who ignore…
Going to my dorm now.
Going back to my dorm after I finish these fruits. The fish I had was okay though.
nice heart gets commitment .
"@WhlteAndBIack: PULL OUT GAME ATROCIOUS 
"@WhlteAndBIack: this nigga catching everything but feelings 
"@Alhamdhulillaah: Allah’s plan is better than your dreams" in shaa Allah
About to pray then perhaps I might go to the cafe later...maybe around 4:30ish
This teacher just used the word squabble Lmao. She's British
I'm tired of having to keep repeating myself and not ever getting anywhere. I'm frustrated and I see no effort. Don't take me for granted.
I've been saying the same thing for months and nothing changed yet. Well I'm not going to keep waiting. Moving on is an option.
Some people won't be satisfied until I'm gone. Imma have to leave before they understand I guess. I hate being taken for granted.
One month until my birthday. If nothing changes by then, I'm taking people out of my life. I'm not gonna be the only one trying.
If marriage is the goal then both the man and the woman should put in effort to make it happen. So far that's not the case. Tired of trying.
"@XSTROLOGY: #Pisces need to feel your love not just hear it." Yes
"@TheLifeDiaries: You'd never cheat if you were in love. 
"@TheVineNation: When your girl won't stop bitchin.. 
"@EarthBeauties: Kyoto, Japan 
I hate the way this mattress smells...

“The sunnah is like the ark of Noah. Whoever embarks upon it reaches salvation and whoever refuses…

“You will not find the sweetness of worship until you place a barrier between yourself and you…
 (Qur’aan: 7:126)

“It used to be said, ‘From the major sins is for a man to do a sin and then look down upon it.‘ “ [A…
"@WrestlinGifs: "DAMN" #RawReunion 
What else
Mhmm.
He said something?
Words?
What happened...
What happened
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: When the squad is roasting the fuck out of you and you've had enough 

I've unfollowed so many people on
IG over the weekend.
"@FunnySayings: The most difficult girls, are usually the keepers. <MAN AND WOMAN HOLDING HANDS><RING><RAISED FIST><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>" she is difficult though
She don't listen though lol
<ANGRY FACE>She gets jealous 
<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>Loves you 
<FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>Is goofy 
<UNAMUSED FACE> Puts up with your shit 
<LOCK>Trust you 
<DRESS>Dresses well 
<EAR>Listens to …
“Every deed of the Son of Adam is multiplied from ten to seven hundred times.”
[Sah…
Doubt it.
"@EarthAddicts: Bigar Waterfall, Romania 
"@XSTROLOGY: Just when you think you have an #Aquarius figured out, they have really only showed you a fraction of who they are." Mhmmm.

“Remember Allâh in times of ease and He will remember you in times of hardship.”

• [al-Hilyah (1/2…
"@AkhOnTheBlock: Loool he's not chillen 
Who all was it?
I forgot wrestling comes in tonight...About to watch that for the next few hours. I'm just chillin feel me.
everything will work out In shaa Allah.
About to pray
I'm hungry...about to go to the cafe
- Qur'an (23:1-2)

Allāh Knows, while you know …

May the peace, mercy, and blessings of Allah be with you all <WHITE SMILING FACE><TWO HEARTS>

[Musli…

 Ameen
Allah will never hurt you.
Allah will never lie to you.
Allah is always faithful.

This is real love!
As far as possible, always train your mind to think positive.
#isl…
"@TheseDamnQuote: Find someone who wants you as much as you want them." I hope this is the case...Because I can't tell.
"@ThePiscesMindd: #Pisces is always at war with themselves." I couldn't have said it better myself.
do not stop RETWEETING it. 
Lets see how many people we will get to recite Sub…
"@LoveQuotes: True love is only seen when you grow old with one lover." Grow old with me
"@Sylvieamx: #Pisces are conflicted by their own emotions and thoughts." Sometimes I hate myself...For how much I overthink
"@TheseDamnQuote: Sometimes the best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while." True
"@TheseDamnQuote: When you have someone special in your life, dont ruin it by making stupid decisions." Seriously though
"@PiscesZodiacc: #Pisces usually don't think of themselves. They try to please every one else before themselves." Too true
???
"@Maestrouzy: It’s good to ask Allah for your needs, but today I challenge you to ask Allah for your dreams." Challenge accepted.
"@CHlLDHOODRUINER: WHEN YOU GET IN THE SHOWER AND THE HOT WATER HITS YOUR BACK 
"@CHlLDHOODRUINER: when a hoe says she's not a hoe 
I'm going back to sleep now so no more tweets...It's snowing so today gonna be a chill day for me.

 Ask yourself 

"Am I prepared"?
"@pulchra21: Alhamdulillah<WHITE SMILING FACE>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️ 
"@_NurAlHuda: Ya Allāh <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><TWO HEARTS> 
I'm about to watch some old wrestling matches. I wanna see @TheRock hit people with the rock bottom and the people's elbow.
It takes a real man/woman to do what it takes to keep the one that, love so if they aren't doing that for you then they don't deserve you.
"@tbhjuststop: grab her waist
pull her close
pick her up
batista bomb her
pin her
you are now the wwe champion" I prefer the rock bottom lol
The best things in life aren't things, one of those things is love. If you are blessed with love then cherish it. Work for it. Appreciate it
"@islamicstrength: Time waits for no man, neither does a good woman. #Marriage #Nikah #NikahIfYouKnowItsReal" and vice versa
I want that "in love" feeling again.
"@UnusualFactPage: 
Islam isn't about just favorites and retweets on Twitter...It's about applying these quotes and phrases to our lives.
"@Alhamdhulillaah: Allah is never late, He’s just testing your Faith and patience" sabr
"@Muslimjabi: Do you feel alone and want to be loved? Read this. 

“You will not enter paradise until you have faith; and you will not complete your faith till you love …
"@BestOldtimers: Black Beauty <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES> 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: When she says she only dates avatars       
He will bring you through
it.
Qur'an 22:18

Yet mankind sleeps…

[Ali RA] <TWO HEARTS>
"@BoyFacts: Don't say you love her. Show that you love her."And vice versa
@ameena_belle1 @AquariusUnite ya think...

Guide us to the straight path and do not let us go astray

Ameen
Omw.
Omw to my dorm from the bookstore.
Why?
I hope when I get there the door is open for me.
Should I just pray in my dorm? I didn't really want to pray alone though
About to go pray...should I pray in my dorm or in the mediation room?
"@XSTROLOGY: An #Aquarius doesn't think too deeply of their feelings or a situation. Thats why they seem emotionless to other people." True?
God alway listens, he know what you're gonna say even before you finish. And before you start, he even know the small whispers of your heart
@BLESSED_BY_GOD7 @ameena_belle1
It's time for maghrib so I'm about to go pray. When I have no one to talk to I go to the creator and communicate...He always listens.
It's for the best that things go the way they go. It's a blessing in disguise but little do ye know.
Let's do the right thing. No matter how hard it may seem. 
should be to clarify the Haq (truth)
when debating,
NOT to defeat his opponent....<PERFORMING ARTS> 
"@XSTROLOGY: #Pisces are usually put second to those who they put first." Unfortunately...
"@pisceshcp: #Pisces is always reaching out to care for someone or something." But little do we get reached out to...
— Prophet #Muhammad (pbuh)
Love my parents as they loved me when I was a child, and protect my parents as they protected me when I w…

- Prophet Muhammad s.a.w.
Made at Tahajjaud <SUNRISE OVER MOUNTAINS>
Is like an arrow<BLACK RIGHTWARDS ARROW>️
Which never misses its target<DIRECT HIT>

[Imam al-Shafi'i]
And this is exactly why I trust no one or nothing...It's hard to believe what people say. I barely trust actions. 
Never even checked IG...

People fail to realise that. 
The wisdom one can gain is unbelievable.
What was said
Seek assistance through Patience &amp; Prayer
Surely Allah is with the patient
- Quran 2:45 
May the Peace and Blessings Of Allah be upon the best of Mankind <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><TWO HEARTS> 
"@QueensOfJannah1: Athazagoraphobia - fear of being forgotten or ignored by someone you care strongly about...<BROKEN HEART>" I have this

" Charity given in secret extinguishes the wrath of the Lord. "
#Hadith al-Albaani in Saheeh al-Ja…
BUT DON'T JUDGE ISLAM
Hmm, my hair is cool lol. On my head I got at least two strands of gray hair and in my beard I have two noticeably brown hairs. I wonder why
Marry me only if your love for me is true. It may be a struggle but it's worth it for me and you 
If indeed you love me then pray for me. 
Oh Allah, I am in need of whatever good you have stored for me. Ameen ya rabb.
If you not gonna do it don't promise that you will because if you break that promise just imagine how that would feel 
Trust in HIM!
I'm not wealthy, but I have everything I need. 
I may not be liked but I know th…
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: WTF <FLUSHED FACE> 
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: a ghost kicked her <WEARY FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> 
He will bring you through
it.
@PureXtasy__ no, you just gotta understand where you stand with people and don't expect too much from them. Having pride causes more pain.
@PureXtasy__ probably, probably not. I've stopped being prideful a while ago. It only got in the way so I let go of it.
@PureXtasy__ not me.
@ameena_belle1 @GirlsBooklet those the worst ones.
Count how many times you have disobeyed Allah, yet ... He sti…
without communication.
Talk to Allah, tell Him what you feel like, what you want, thank Him for…
"@AwesomityFun: I love when people say "don't leave" it's so possessive yet adorably needy I love it"
family and friends in Jannah.
?
I don't even have an appetite...Idk what's wrong with me. I feel lonely in a house full of people.
I'm bored or something...I literally have nothing to do right now.And I feel kinda tired but Idk why smh.
@ameena_belle1 tbh Idk you, you're a stranger but you seem cool
#like this for a #tbh 
People are really testing my patience...
@ameena_belle1 denial
@ameena_belle1 you were though
@ameena_belle1 so you not fat anymore? Lol
"@lNVENTlONS: The Most Ridiculous Game Of Snake 
"@VideosOfScience: Spider trap 
It's not about opinion...It's about the #facts and the fact of the matter is, you got trashed. End of story and goodnight.
People be lying smh. How can you do better than someone at tic tac toe if you lost like 10 games opposed to one...that I lost on purpose?
can't be good if you kept getting trashed...I'm just saying you can do better.
Every time I opened up the tic tac toe game she would exit out and say I'm a cheater. I was just trashing her though.
I let her win one game so she could feel better about her life Lmao
What's funny is that she tried to convince me to let her win a game of tic tac toe. If I wouldn't then she wasn't gonna play. Sore Loser lol
I remember we was on tango playing tic tac toe and I trashed her so she quit because she was being a sore loser lmao. She couldn't win lol.
I will Stay as a Muslim
I will Die as a #Muslim.
@ameena_belle1 @TheFactsBook love intelligence, youth
"@Sylvieamx: Pisces will touch your heart like no other :)" only if you open up your heart and let me.
for his brother what he likes for himself."

Hadhrat Anas (r)

Sahih al-B…
Hmm, something's shady about the police. It's like 6 in the morning and about 15 cop cars and other police vehicles are driving around.
"@WeLoveRobDyrdek: How much do Russian police get payed? these niggas wildin<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> 
Even in sadness, I smile.
Even in confusion, I understand.
Even in betrayal, I trust.
Even in …
True. 
Or is that too much to ask for? Because I'm waiting for her to come along...
I'm just saying...all I want is a woman who I can make my wife that will love me for the sake of Allah.
Retweet if you feel the same. 
Imma just wait. I'm tired of worrying...I'm not even beat anymore. I'll just be patient and see what happens. 
The fact that you're talking shows you don't care...
I don't recall you starting...
Now you care...worry about yourself. not me
Ask me anything and I'll answer it straightforward. 
Tired of giving my all to people who won't do the same for me.
As stated in my poem...in a relationship you have to be consistent and diligent.
Love me and I'll love you, show me that you care and I'll show you too. Be with me through it all, the… 
If it were true then my happiness would mean more...But instead, I'm unhappy. People don't wanna do everything they need to do.
If it was towards me then they would be true to life but all they are is words on the screen.
If only those tweets were really directed towards me...
Alhamdulilah, my mother woke me up for fajr. That's the type of woman I need in my life, one who wakes me up to pray no matter what.

One copy. Unchanged. No contradictions. Error free. Scientifically Accurate. Historically correct. Poeticall…
Eating this mango...It's overrated though.
1. Be generous when you have little.
2. Fear Allah when you are alone.
3. Speak the truth to the one you …

<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Protect her 
<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Be there for her
<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Pray with her
<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Love her
<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Listen to her
<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Be mindful of her 
<BLACK SQUARE BUTTON>Treat…
What's the matter
And they are done 
Almost done 
Just came back from the supermarket. Got me some raw shrimp that I'm about to cook. It's been a while since I've cooked these.
That morning sky...when I'm up I like to watch the sunrise. It's beautiful 
are blessings in disguise
for were it not for
the struggles in our life
how many of us
would have …
Me and my ummi prayed fajr together. We should pray together more often.
Ameen ya rabb. Grant to me what I love in the way that you would love in shaa Allah. 
Over thinking? Pray
Giving up? Pray
Hurting? Pray
Depressed? Pray
Struggling? Pray
Worried? Pray
Allah is alw…
"@Brodiesmith21: There is a sunrise every single day and it's absolutely free. Don't miss so many of them. 
"@Hilarious_Idiot: Rocking bed. 
"@Hilarious_Idiot: I'd love to just chill here with my friend a 
Fresh air to breathe!
Feet to walk with!
You sleep safely in your bed!
Why be sad?
Say: …
Transferred all my poems and songs over to my new phone...thinking about printing them out when I go back to school.
"@SweetLoveMsg: Fall in love with someone that deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it." Take my heart but please don't break it.
This is where your heart gets put to the test. My advise to you is give it to God and try your best.
As far as possible, always train your mind to think positive.
#isl…
And...

- Muhammad ﷺ 

(Ibn Majāh)
before it brings light. 
It shows us what's wrong,
before how to make it right. <TWO HEARTS>
My schedule. 
"@BoysQuotations: The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone." You gotta show me
"@BoysQuotations: Everything will get better." In shaa Allah
"@FactSoup: Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." Make that change before I make it for you.
"@FactSoup: What you do today can improve all of your tomorrows." Stop procrastinating and get this done. For us...
"@GreatTextMsgs: I really want you to really want me."But you don't act like you do
"@FactSoup: Always remember who was there for you when no one else was." I'm always there but you leave me hanging
"@JAMZz33: ''A good looking woman works out to keep her body in shape. But a pretty woman kneels down in prayer to keep her heart in shape."
"@inspiredlabour: Muhammed Al-Ghāzali on spending time in refection, and its merits. 
#philosophy 
[Muslim].
"@SweetLoveMsg: All I want is for you to listen to me and to show me you care." @ameena_belle1
. 
"@BoyFacts: It's crazy how much you'll tolerate for someone you love" maybe too much smh
"@FactsGalaxy: 

'...It is the Decree of Allaah and He does whatever He wills...' <TWO HEARTS>

Are we currently in a state where we're ready to meet #Allah?
I'm done

By acting upon your faith&amp; Allah's word, you're earning eve…
"@LoveQuotes: Love is Real when You Prove it, Not when you Say it." But people barely ever prove it.
Lmao when a girl is feeling some type of way, they always find a post pertaining to their situation. It never fails.
That's the way the cookie crumbles.
Got this new phone set up
Golden galaxy?
Not really an iPhone guy.
Galaxy s5 it is then
Galaxy s5 or iPhone 6?

- Sh Saalih Al-Fawzaan
By the time,  verily man is in loss, except such as have faith and do righteous deeds, and join together in truth patience and constancy.
Annoyed.... But it is what it is.
@Sassy_Kissez yes
@Sassy_Kissez Yup. Well good morning/night.
@Sassy_Kissez I'm just up.
@Sassy_Kissez yeah.
@Sassy_Kissez school, and tryna better myself.
@Sassy_Kissez what about me what?
@Sassy_Kissez oh okay. That's nice
@Sassy_Kissez oh that's cool. Visiting family?
@Sassy_Kissez aww lol. Whatchu been up to?
@Sassy_Kissez I'm good... And you?
@Sassy_Kissez what's up?
wasnt answered immediately,
doesn't mean that it's not in your qadr.
Maybe Allaah is delaying it…
may not be a smooth one.
Our faith at times will rise &amp; dip
but no path has more pot holes 
than the o…
How did you think I felt? And I want you to actually say things instead of retweeting what other people say.
Hope she liked it.

~Imam Nawaw…
Wrote a poem on IG
It's hard for me to try to find love, but right now I think I found right the one. Goofy, silly,… 
I hate being misunderstood, but nobody understands me; I barely could. I have a mind frame that's hard to grasp...it's even harder to match
The little things people do for me is so scarce that I can barely even appreciate them the way I want. But I always remember. But do more...
"@FactSoup: Sometimes the little things mean the most." I swear I love the little things when you do small acts to show you care and love me
"@eternalquote_: Trust me when I say I love you, because I will always mean it." But will you?
May peace and blessings be upon prophet Muhammad and his family and upon prophet Abraham and his family. 
"@JustDarron: #ahhhhhhh<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>

Talked to my ummi for an hour. Got a lot off my chest. I'm feeling a lil bit better. I was gonna cry earlier until she came.
I'm #Grateful :') <YELLOW HEART> 
"@IntThings: 
"@pissccces: #Pisces will remember all the little things you do for them" I remember basically everything
"@pissccces: #Pisces can be everything you ever dreamed of." I'll be your dream man
I think my blood pressure is up...<CONFOUNDED FACE>
Imagine tryna write rhymes with only 140 characters. Very frustrating.
Being alone gets corny iscell at night sometimes.
I was able to see the fireworks in new York from my house's top floor window.
I give the best massages
Or does it even matter? Do she even notice? How does she feel? I really wish I knew.
I wonder if she misses me. Because to miss someone is to love someone. I want to know if her days feel the same without me in them.
I wanna know if she thinks about me the way I think about her.
