I'm fucking tired of people being rude and inconsiderate esp to the point where it means I spend money out of pocket because of it

Flirting topics: man eats hot dogs whole, waterbeds,  haunted houses

I am inconsolable 

I came over h…
Yeah I know you are looking for a while back and forth between the two of the most Insanely milquetoast people ever.  #predictivetext
I am a beautiful person who is the best way to get a chance to win the game.  #predictivetext
I woke super anxious and disappointed,  too real man...
I had a dream last night that there was a Creed and Aquabats concert at my school and I came late and only caught Creeds set
Peep em 
Coconut chai is the beeeeest
Prob not gonna get any but im feelin' strong
I am really energized tonight cause I've been applying to a bunch of jobs in the past couple hours.
that Spanish GP track rules wow. It's almost as cool as the one in Bahrain imo
I'd take the spider infested balcony I had last year over this lame hallway thing we got now
Or at least a porch instead of this lame ass overhang at my apt I'm hanging out on
It's gorgeous out tonight and I kinda wanna go lay down on the beach somewhere dark n look at the sky, but its Daytona <DISAPPOINTED FACE><DISAPPOINTED FACE>
Want 2 touch Ryan goslings face
Also got another date for Friday with her <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Had a date tonight and it went super well and I'm pretty happy and optimistic about it :)
Do u think Drake has a neopet
@Cadam02 hhey
I really love Garnet's song in the season 1 finale 

"PINOOOOOT NOIIIIIRRRRR" 
Love that the cats name is Spaz in this tbh
I'm watching a long play of Phantasmagoria because that's how I'm choosing to spend the next 4 hrs of my life
Fire Jeremy renner into the sun tbh
what a bummer :/ i didnt have the money for a ticket back when presale started
i was pretty sad at how fast it sold out when i checked in January, and i wrongfully got my hopes up :(
It hits 1 am, I refresh, and the fuckin link goes dead wtf guys. Sigh....
fuck ticketfly. their site said NMH tickets for tmrw night would go on sale again at 1 am and i waited since it sold out back in December
*archer voice* I can do both!! 
Mood: eating pickled asparagus with chopsticks and watch Hannibal 
I have like a mandoline but idk if ill be able to slice the zucchini into noodles with it
Gonna make this soon I think 
Did u know they make this??? 
This is wonderful 
Dirty Ol' Horny McWhackWhack
I can't believe I'm still playing this 
Man do I hate the dentist.  It's so bad.
As someone who spent a while as a pretty big (I read a lot if extended universe) Star Wars fan,  here's a fact: Star Wars sucks
I am depressed so I decided to make cool brownies I hope they come out good <CHOCOLATE BAR>
I missed that but WOW that is a reference. I love Steven Universe
Yeah still feel like dirt today tbh
i cant do this
i am currently super overwhelmed by self loathing and having an anxiety attack oh god
Saw a pic of myself and now I want to die :)
Coulda sworn I had some...
Where the baking powder at
I wanted to make brownies tonight but while we have a fuckton of baking soda, got zero baking powder. What the hell
Which one you speakerboxxxes hit me in the love below??
Man Roses is a pretty perfect song.  Outkast rules
More zaniness from this song, it's the best. 
Those weird symbols apparently mean move the slide around however you want
LOOK AT THESE 3 MEASURES WHAT THE HECK 
Enrique Crespo's Improvisation No. 1 is an insane piece of trombone music (video played by Mary Tyler) 
Man I hate having tinnitus sometimes. Usually pretty rare and manageable but WOW its like a power drill going off in my ear RN
It's so unfair how catchy and great the theme of Steven Universe is.
Hey I passed all my classes and am graduating with my undergrad <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
Man paypal is shitty. All I want to do is buy a mixtape off bandcamp UGH

@gspels this is so cool
Just had a good Lost run with soy milk and libra but guess what!!!  I ran into a fire.
I need approximately 500 cigarettes for tonight
Everyone who has ever been a good friend to me has moved away and goddamn it sucks :(
They don't actually care about people unless it directly affects them. Literally zero of them have Ever had my back
There are people who'd claim to be my friend here probably but they arent
You know what's really cool? Having zero friends where u live and have to live for the next two months.
Sad and stressed tonight :( ugh
every breakfast item that is not eggs or avocado toast is bad
depression: i can dig it
I would touch the heck outta José Gonzalez's face.
There is a Junji ito reference in this ep of Steven Universe wtfffffff
I'm into Riff Raff becoming a wrestler and also the joker tbh
con teeeeeeee partirrrrooooooo
Holy Shit guys that mixtape is fuckin great
Steven and the Stevens is actually a really good band name lol

Just kidding, that's like 90% …
Sour Cream is voiced by Brian Posen and it was makes me wanna watch Mission Hill cause dang that show was good
I identify HARD with Stevens dad
Steven Universe is way more endearing than it has any right to be. It's like if ponyo was a TV series

What kind of cops are t…
I should delete my facebook since like 90% of the people on there are white bread assholes
Casual racism and classism literally surrounds me
"Oh man I sure hate the Dirty D" "Dirtona" "Daytona is a ghetto". Fuck like everyone who talks like that. Go home to fuckin Boca Raton u pos
Keep coming back to Coffee - Sylvan Esso. God what a perfect song
Econ textbook chapter 9: it's ok when pe…
Maybe it's because Quantum mechanics is way harder and intensive than Materials hm...
is it weird I feel super confident and prepared for the final in the class I have a borderline D/F in over the one I have a B in?
I should not watch people play Harvester when I'm eating wow lol
sorry, I have two super important finals tomorrow and I am pretty overcome with stress and it has made me easily fed up tonight
@Cadam02 You don't even need a binder unless you're actually making a whole burger anyway
and it ALWAYS tastes better than some store bought, flavoried, high salt veggie burger
I feel so cheap doing that. You can make an awesome sub for ground beef with like beans or a minced mushroom with some spice and binder
I REALLY hate when vegetarian recipes list "Veggie Burger" as an ingredient. usually as a substitute for ground beef.
Fuck any pressure people put on you to support the military/respect people who enlist.  It is insane that people vilify others for this
Gimme the French stuff
Night listenin': 
fuck the Lost. I can't even make it out of the Basement let alone the Cellar
reference: 
my whole live is potato
<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>Daaaaytonaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa let's go away <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
Why is jack mcbrayer in the video for touch my body.
This still triggers my social anxiety when I think of it lol
S/o to the bad sister hazel karaoke duet I sang with my HS girlfriend at like an elks Lodge thing.  That was weird tbh
Literally no one gives a fuck about Greek life go awayyyyyy
There's a cute snail on the outside veranda roof of my apartment.  Idk if I'm using veranda right.
I am in the hellscape of watching rap and anime mashups heLp
Current mood: 
Ofc i find that song right as the season ends tho :|
I found an old copy "It Wasn't Me" in our band room today and now I'm on a quest to fidn the rest of it cause... goddamn I want to play that
What u doin in the club on a thursday
I haven't shaved I'm a while and need a haircut 

Even if you aren't in a state to directly help those in need, educate yourselves on it. Sitting and being ignorant of genocide is not good
Genocide is something we should be passed in 2015, but there are still many places in the world where it is currently happening.
(Sorry for the mobile link.)
Take this day to educate yourselves about it: 
Today marks the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide where up to 1.5 million people were slaughtered.
this is so good 
hi having an anxiety attack
Altho people keep recommending I watch Steven Universe...  So maybe I'll do that first
I think I'm gonna watch Hannibal again cause damn that show is great.
Ok. 3 finals + 1 paper and I am done with school. Like... for the foreseeable future. I am unbelievably excited
my quantum professor wrote this to look like an email sent to her. she is adorable 
Lunch bee;r
deeper than you think 
Also, Happy Earth Day! I've been successfully 100% vegetarian in the past four months and I feel great!
Also, relevant to depression awareness week! There r a lot of people out there that need help and cannot afford to get it! Therapy included.
Universal Healthcare is a human right. This extends to birth control and anything else people need to to survive and live the way they want.
This is amazing. David Hasselhoff - True Survivor 
@gspels 
fuckin love Dougal Dixon art
I have a lot to do for tmrw and instead of doing I took a nap from like 5-7:30 and I feel BAD
I want to smooch Vincent D'onofrio
@cgothner thanks!!!!!!  <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Also having a panic attack in my car rn
I'm sad on this, the day of my birthday.
Hello friends 
This torrential downpour on my bday is a good metaphor tbh
Fuck Fisk's back story is fuckin dark
I love this dressing scene with Fisk,  also it's pretty fucked up
I just had a very heartfelt text convo with my aunt and it made me cry but it was super sweet tbh also she ends everything with xoxo
@sbellum I actually would rather it be coconut water.  I got some w/ pulp the other day and good lord <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
@sbellum thanks for making me thing about coconut.  Now I'm super thirsty
@sbellum praise be to oat bran
My favorite part of my bday is how a lot of the old forums I used to go on send me happy bday notifications
hi it's my birthday now what did u all get me :)
oh yeah, im so good at flirting. I will tell u the last time i cried during a movie
I am the antichriiiiist in you
Thank you for making this apartment smell like a Catholic Church @jfitz6

He has no manner of luck at all.
#safetyfirst htt…
Headless body sponge bath
I have no way to play them either lol <SKULL><SKULL><SKULL>
Man I wish I had money.  So many good artists made cool ass vinyls for record store day and ugh.
MAN: it's called SCROTAL RECALL
EX…
Thinking about this is making head hurt :(
Why the fuck is every dentist private practice?  There's literally nothing to stop them from literally charging whatever they want
I hate having teeth.  I just chipped a molar and it went like almost to the gum line :(

@rachelmillman they recently played at my university and my entire fb feed was people going "Reliving my childhood!" Or some other iteration
Comeback - Ella Eyre is an incredible song fyi 
mother fucker get some agency
<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MUSICAL NOTE>I personally will stab you in the eye with a foreign object <MUSICAL NOTE><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
Come on Kimi you can do it!!!!!
@CurlyQueues I watched the first 1.5 episodes last night before I passed out and it's not bad!!
im bored and cant find anything on netflix someone come here and slay me
The mola mola game has the same alert on my phone as okc does I always get excited cause I think I got a message and it just full adventures
I am in a bad mood and also sad tonight
Imo, burn the Internet the down :)
Tbh all of SA sucks. You cant go into a thread w/o seeing someone throw around the word 'retarded' or using autistic as an insult.
For a forum that prides itself on keeping shitheads out by making people pay to join it sure is full of shitheads.
Cool sure am loving the title to Fyad, a subforum literally run by angry 30 y/o white dudes
I'm watching Collateral Damage and I wish Arnold was my dad and also not an actual bad person :(
Macklemore ain't a rapper don't @ me
Also just so we're clear, that double acts as a statement that eminem and atmosphere are trash <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
*puts on tank top* "Hold on a sec, bro, I'm gonna go smash and listen to atmosphere and eminem"
I wonder if a white dude could ever wear a tank top without looking like a frat guy at the gym or a guy exclusively into white rappers
Is daredevil any good
Rhythm of the Night is playing in publix and I'm gyrating and can't stop
Sapiosexual it seems like a way, like that article says, to establish ur superiority over those you deem 'dumb' or stupid.
That article is really good. I keep seeing sapiosexual pop up in straight people's OKC profiles with extensive favorite book sections

CATS BEING INSTRUCTED IN THE ART OF MOUSE CATCHING BY AN OWL
33 by 43 1/2 in 

#BlartRidesAgain 
@Cadam02 thinkin out loud
you knoow
Got pretty jaded and I left practice mad half of the time at the end, but I think I'll miss it.
Band was like the source of the closest friends I've ever had, my best college experiences, and like 70% of my time.
Feelin pretty melancholic right now. Last band practice was tonight...
Senior design presentation went super well <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
What I'm looking for in a partner: 

-Must be able to crucify me
Diet today: 2 cans of PBR,  4 coffees,  lentil crisps,  a breath mint @WeightWatchers @southbeachdiet
.@tedcruz 
Really craving death rn in this lab
I took a 3.5 hour nap oOps
@Cadam02 i am always ready for phish tweets tbh
hoooooo boy 
@ClickHole wonderful and blessed thank u how are u?
Song was Kishi Bashi's Manchester btw
I know I'm overly exhausted and really stressed out because I just cried omw to classes cause a love song came on
Crank would be such a good movie of all the 'cool guy'  dialogue was gone
My love for you,,,  is like a truck
NEIL TYSON: [pops out of a filing cabinet like Hong Kong Phooey] One actually cannot possess to pee
Literally the people I plan to keep in contact with once I graduate are people who have already graduated and left.
It makes me super sad to listen to :/
Theyre undoubtedly going to give this one  guy a mental breakdown in the next week or so with how shitty they constantly are
Wow I hate all my classmates.  What a cruel and terrible group of people. They act like high-school bullies and are straight up 22 at least.
date idea: take me to a woodworking class at the local community center
get. at. me.
Instead of working on draft of this paper due at 2:15 today, I just intently watched a 30 minute video on the history of woodcutting axes

[rearranges letters]

"BIRAC UBOMA"

[audience gasps]
@Cadam02 some aren't growing super well tho #getwellsoon #babies
My tomato plants so cute <TOMATO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><TOMATO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><TOMATO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO>? 
And then at the end it just fucking drops off in an awesome way. I love that song.
The swell at the end of that song is incredible tbh. It almost drowns out the singing, but not tooooooo much and it gives me goosebumps.
I don't usually listen to Sigur Rós but Ára Bátur is a goddamn gorgeous song.
fuck it, Im just gonna listen to all the Dan Deacon albums while I do this paper
Good night work listening: Dan Deacon - Feel The Lightning 
ok gonna start this paper now
im looking at pictures of ripped kangaroos HElkp
@cgothner personally I think they just robbed a Frozen Yogurt store
@cgothner uhhhh confirm/deny???? 
LRT: Same for all those stories
"I wear a hat and I have 5 children."
"I served on the Enterprise."
"I bake sourdough bread."
#Jeopardy 
"Technology isn't reliable at hospitals."
"I snapped piano strings."
"I have an empty koi pond."
#Jeopardy htt…
"I rode the top of an elevator to get un-trapped."
"I'm a Freemason."
"I've lived at 38 addresses."
#Jeopardy h…
"I've spent 30 weekends with my sister."
"I was an artillery officer."
"I made an 8-year-old cry."
#Jeopardy h…
I want!!!! to die!!!!!!!!!
i gave into the shit and am eating fried mushrooms and drinking beer. These are good 'get into paper writing mode' tactics right?
I have to write a paper tonight but I'm way too mad about people in my organization
I'm tired of dealing with these assholes I just want to be permanently away from like 90% I have to be around these days :(
Drunk In Love is still like top ten songs 2014 for me. That song straight up never gets old
I'm different, yeah....
Some band names I been thinking up: 

Soup Princess
Leonard and the Borscht 
Wet Stew
Minestrone Jazz
   Wow
Wow
      Wow 
@mermaidbot lmao
@mermaidbot ok what do u like?
Kitty by POTUS is such a perfect song. I always can't not laugh at it
Coconuts are tree potatoes imo
I want to touch and maybe kiss Mads Mikellsens face
how do all you mother fuckers pay for hbo cause jesus guys
I have like a million things to get done today and zero will to get out of bed and it's freaking me out a lot
I bought cheese cubes
Anyway, I think I'm gonna go to Walmart at 10:30 pm on a Saturday because I'm hungry and don't want to cook/eat fast food
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
@Cadam02 #moistman <SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL>
Hey everyone I asked a girl out to a Smash Mouth concert.  That's one mark off my bucket list.
I've rekindled my love for basketball shorts because damn they're impossibly comfortable
I'm a moist person 
Baseball is so much more relaxed than any other sport. I just watched a fan in the background take off his wedding ring and drop it in beer
80-90% of rock is bad music tbh
bet you didn’t expect to hear from me again
did you, fucko

<SMOKING SYMBOL><SMOKING SYMBOL>i need a cigarette <SMOKING SYMBOL><SMOKING SYMBOL>
Sad 2nite. Also every night
takis are good imo

#WalterScott 
I like that song a lot
Yeeeeeeah!!!  Whoa-oh-whoa-oh-whoa-oh-whoa-oh-whoa-oh-oh
damn, Britton has an arm on him
@gracie_books thank you!!! U are the nicest bot I've ever met
@gracie_books Sounds cute imo
@gracie_books uh who is billy??
I love the Mii Channel music. It is my favorite song.
I meant TWEET. Promoted tweet. I do NOT promote teeth, teeth are shit. Fuck teeth. They just sharp mouth bones
who will be my 400th follow I wonder it'll prob be me accidentally following an ad acct from a promoted teeth.
Its lutz hi lutz
I am a curmudgeon tonight and I am sorry. It's a good thing I have no personal relationships so I don't have a medium to be a dick
So is Seth Myers whole shtick just him reading the weird news section off a new site?
Every minute of shitty late night talk shows I've seen is 100% due to bands I want to see play at the end. How do people watch this crap?
The band im in now is fun, but like, maybe 2-3 others out of 30 people even attempt to have fun with music like I do.
I hope one day I get to be in a band that has as much fun with music as Mucca Pazza does.
Help I can't stop watching videos of Mucca Pazza performing. They're so good 

<JACK-O-LANTERN>!
<T-SHIRT>
<JEANS>

<WOMAN>um, that's not me
<BOY>or me
<OLDER MAN>I guess maybe it's one of those files, those ones…

  <WOMAN> i don't
<ATHLETIC SHOE><ATHLETIC SHOE>

<BASKETBALL AND HOOP><WOMAN>I believe that some wide headed fools wanna get dunked on
<BOY>haha smoking man has been camping under the mistletoe all night
<BOY>ANY LUCK SMOKEY?!

<ROSE>
<SMOKING SYMBOL><BUST IN SILHOUETTE>f…
<EXTRATERRESTRIAL ALIEN>no, just …
<BOY>what is this, friggin' amateur hour
<LEFT-POINTING MAGNIFYING GLASS><BOY><RIGHT-POINTING MAGNIFYING GLASS>
<POLICE OFFICER>[damn he's good]
<WOMAN>that will never happen
<BOY>2016 or us gettin…
Damn do I love watching the As tho
But damn I love watching both those teams + they got cooler fans. I want to like the Sox but the fans and management are sooooooo bad
There is like zero reason for me to be a fan of the Giants and Oakland since I was born in New England and raised in Southwest Florida
@satellitehigh how dare u slight Coco Crisp like this
Oh man Scully is swooning real hard over this Texan sheriff played by Luke Wilson lol
She's a busy person so its understandable ! But i would like to hang out w/ her at some point soon lol
But she hasnt replied much lately and its a predicament cause I'm not gonna harass here by sending two messages in a row
I want to ask a girl I've been talking to on OKC lately on a date cause its been going well and I'm optimistic
Fave this tweet if u wanna join me in a blood cult 
EXCUSE ME 
I love Peggy :)

I've been playing this too much 
Sally Draper is the best character in this whole show imo. Ginsberg rules too and I hope he comes back tonight
Gonna pull up on ya 
Who wants to see Song of the Sea with me and hold me while inevitably bawl my eyes out 
man its super impressive to me when anyone has confidence (and I'm super happy for them too!) but damn do I have like, none of that lol

Sphinxes are amazing <SKULL><SKULL><SKULL>
U r tearing me apart Lisa
Actually I take it back. Danger V was novel for about 1.5 episodes and now it's just tiring
Danger 5 is amazing lmao. Why haven't I heard much about this!!!!
Bill Maher continues to be the actual fuckin worst
ravenclaw: good sexter
slytherin: overly serious BDSM
hufflepuff: down for anything
&lt;5 minutes into the Room and I'm already exhausted from seeing Tommy Wiseasu's butt
Pick me up some gabbagool except don't cause I'm a vegetarian but at least repeat it back to me in a Jersey accent #foreplay
For Hufflepuff you cast your lot, since you are really hoarse
Hoooooo boy Only If is a bad game wow
The only American inFormula E is named Scott Speed. This is the best imo
Formula E is on!! Everyone go watch this race, it's a great sport imo. All electric and crazy advanced cars!!! So much fun to watch

"My God," I said to myself, "I am in love."
<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> we built this city <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> we built this city <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> we built this city on <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> A N C I E N T  G R A V…
Hell yea brother 
I can't fuckin wait to click this 
Kitten 
No one wants to see Fast 7 w/ me :((
Friday nap time imo
I cried on the drive home from classes today because a really sad song came on. This is my life tbh
I spent 15 min in a drive thru listening to gospel music just so I could get a slushie
still super bummed no one got my brodyquest costume last halloween &gt;:(
Mola, u are all I have left now 
I live near a casket store and tbh I want to move there and live there forever
Breaking: screenshots released of my sent messages on OKC 
Haha oops I am abysmal at flirting and small talk 100%
The end of this ep made me cry
Dang, "The Post-Modern Prometheus" is a goddamn awesome Xfiles episode
I turned my bad grade around and went to class/turned my hw in! April fools! My alarm didn't go off and I'm borderline failing this class!
Top 5 jazz solos of all time prob
Can't stop thinking about the Bari solo from Coconut Champagne....
—Waluigi
i want to dye
Will I graduate?? Who knows!!!!
Yay for being nowhere near finished!!!
Oh cool we were just told we have to present our senior design project in 2 weeks awesome
Just as depressed today as I was yesterday  <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>

No more free ride, assholes! 
oooooooh my goooooood fuck off dude
Man no one better be rude or mean to me today cause I'm like on the verge of breaking down lol Im dreading my class starting in a few min :/
I want to become a mess of roots and slowly grow into a huge tree and stay there rooted for all eternity.
One month away from graduating and I want to give all of it up completely. I want to be a tree person
I will take a low D if I have to :/ I just need to get my degree and leave. I'm going crazy at this school
I'm low today and that test made me even lower :( fuck I really hope I don't fail, I can't afford to. I need to graduate this semester :(
@CurlyQueues wait idk nvm, all the ones i googled dont look like that but that totally looks like a bottle of soap
@CurlyQueues omfg i just realized those are bottles of bubbles on that hat
I have a test tmrw I should be studying for and im just sitting here like death
hello i drank a can of mountain dew high voltage after not having a soda for months and I feel like TRASH wow.
what the 
I've done a lot of cooking the past few days and even tho I have some leftovers I.... I'm gonna get chinese tonight yes
PERSONAL TRAINER: you're just making like one sweeping gesture around your entire body
ME…
please, step into my office 
PARLAY
"excuse me w-"
I INVOKE THE RIGHT OF PARLAY YOU MUST TAKE ME TO YOUR KING
ME: *muffled by my jousting helmet*  you are a small and weak man
OMG that last retweet
Mom: How was school?
Son: ok
Mom: Had a real trill l…
Take me out and I'll dance like the guy in the Red Room <SKULL><FIRE><SKULL><FIRE>
Happy Friday I overslept both my classes!!!!
I take it back, today is actually alright :)
Drown me in chai tea
In this episode SCULLY HAS A FUCKIN BRAIN TUMOR wtf :(
Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny are both single and there's an xfiles reunion coming and..................
#6WordLifeGoal rip off my skin and die
wow everything sucks today!!!!!!!!!
ive been looping con te partiro on spotify for the last 15 minutes.
@Cadam02 I was wrong <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
Wth this is insane 
Maybe today won't be so bad :) 
OMG

fffffuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkkkkk youuuuuuuuuuuuu 
I took care of some fish over spring break and one of them died :(( I fed them to the dudes instructions exactly but I still feel guilty :(
Weird morning

DVSWATCH: 
@haha_what food poisoning from a VA taco bell on a HS band trip and puked in a colonial house in Williamsburg. Got some on an old chair

The difference between being adult and a kid is whether or not you frame your posters
Also the hummus has kalamata olives in it
My new favorite meal is hummus and kalamata olives on a pita with red pepper flakes <SKULL><SKULL><SKULL><SKULL>

This is literally the beginning of Space Jam. 
The way people drive in Studio Ghibli movies give me a panic attack wow
How do I filter out names like Gavin or Luke or Zach from OKC
PONYO MAKING ME CRY SOMETHIN FIERCE RIGHT NOW
MULDER: [mouth full of crime scene] no
USAJOBS is not a great tool imo. I keep getting job notifications for jobs I already applied for and even some that are CLOSED
white ivy league dudes on my FB timeline gushing over the new Death Grips album......
sigh
I legit feel like literal dirt right now tho :/ and I feel incredibly helpless about iy
I am in physical pain as well as a deep depression!
@DazzlingAddarSA good luck!!!
Literal crimes against fashion on my FB feed tonight
I'm watching Hardboiled aka the best action movie of all time
How do people like... 'Be happy'. How do u not hate yourself at every turn

IF YOU ARE TRANS, PLEASE TAKE THIS SURVEY.



EVEN IF YOU AREN'T, PLEASE …
yooooooo 
I!!!!! Like!!!!!! Birds!!!! They're cool.
Today I watched Rocky IV, Hellraiser, and Evil Dead 2. Spring break wooooooo
One of my HS friends back home is at munchies RN and I'm still suuuuuper hungover and ugh that sounds so goooood
I found *my bar* in Daytona for sure
Surrounded by too many people who think it's ok to say 'retard' or 'fag' or 'cunt'
I decided gonna finally distance myself and cut off ties with all the bigots and assholes in my life
I'm going to a bar at the end of Bike Week at the central biker location please pray for me <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
Happy Friday 
im still sad (also still in love w/ these guys) 
hello saeme 
The best thing about making a party playlist for a party where almost everyone plays an instrument is I get to throw in a BUNCH of ska

Genie: "you get three wishes"

Me: "I wish I wasn't so alone"

Genie: "k wow I'm like right here"
Woke up with a lot of anxiety today and I'm currently freaking out a whole lot!!!!
starbucks cappucinos suck but i saw a promoted tweet and i want one but its 5 am UGH
late night thought tweet: beyonce looks like she had so much fun filimg the video for 7/`11 im so happy for her :)
im too depressed to sleep and dont wanna annoy people with depression tweets and my cigarettes are all the way in my car help
I hope frank underwood dies in this show and Claire becomes prez
Claire Underwood is the goddamn best character in this show and should be the main character imo
I'm a little drunk so I'm already tearing up over them
There is a 100% chance I'd cry a whole lot if I saw the northern lights
I'm gonna drink (more) Alone tonight :)
Someone come be nice to me tonight please
I can't even relate to half of them tbh, it just makes me happy/sad and tonight its sad and lonely a bit.
I actually kinda like those lame tumblr romance quotes and stuff but they make me very sad :(
Who would've expected that sparkling a coconut Water is literally the best drink in the world!!
I'm sad!!!!
Thirst following is good if you don't ever @ the people u follow imo (at least as a guy)
The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is like more 30 Rock and I am 100% ok with it
Dancing is about butts now!!!!
Is there anywhere that delivers cheese fries
star wars SUCKS
i keep seeing NMH stuff every day and its super bumming me out their show in May in orlando is sold out already :(
Literally be nice to everyone always is a good and not actually hard outlook to have
If ur in a pissy mood don't be pissy other either  cause it brings everyone around you down to your shitty piss level
Some people act like dicks but its ur responsibly to also not act like a dick to others when someone is a dick to you.
Its 80, humid, and I'm pretty sure I have an ear infection. Murder me please
This is a problem specific to my school but: fuck airplane nerds
Made a nice dinner with some edamame and red quinoa 


why can't the fallout boy guy pronounce Thurman correctly. He adds a whole extra syllable

I want live inside it... 
Oh man, Dead Snow 2 is a perfect movie
That's so fucked up
Why would you take a picture with dead deer :( and then put it in your dating profile :(
Omg coconut lacroix is sooooooooo good
I wish for death
Hell yeah I cant wait 2 spend tonight trying to find something 2 do, getting depressed when I cant, and then eating 2 much and chain smoking
No one will go to a bar with me tonight :(

DOUG: What’s Updog?

FRANK UNDERWOOD: [turns to camera] He doesn’t …
Also that's like my fourth shitty coffee lol
Spending today at the car dealership getting my car fixed, but hey I finally have the time to read more of this book! 
h/t @ryanmerkley 
person: *low chuckle* oh, you'll change your mind.
me: *grabs them by collar* tell me more about…
fuck OFF mulder
the world is great and full of love, beauty, im lonely, friendliness, caring
me: *suspicious* thank you...???
boy: *leans in slowly*
me: NO!!!! You cant have them…
I made a Tom Collins but now I have a headache and am staring at a non refreshing Twitter feed
Reminder: life is balls
okay and that's why you've got to kill hitler
FBI: wait so you can just look at naked lady videos an…
*waves vaguely at shelves of confused squirrels in partially sealed Tupperware containe…
happy #funnywomanRTday everyone! follow @gspels for more! She and all the women she's retweeting rule so unfollow me and follow them!
5) Tabs 
4) ***flawless 
3) Flappy
2) Satoshi 
1) Shingy
YES alex I print business cards on slices of [leans in causing severe fee…
Kids: Hi, Koko!
*Koko signs ‘Bush did 9-11’*
*Matthew McConaughey and Andre 3000 touch hands reaching for it at the same ti…
-nerd doesn't know sex
-guy is sexist but joking
-monkey has a bow tie 
-grandma loves dick
Yep, Sleater-Kinney still fuckin rocks
#youtube 
If I (hopefully) get a job after graduation and if I get my own place, the first thing I'm gonna buy is a bathrobe
There are so many awesome and seemingly amazing girls on OKC and they're all 100% too good for me!!
get ur shit together netflix (id totally watch this) 
Oh man Gillian Anderson's dialogue in the interview scene with Phil Spector in The Fall is incredible.
Hmmm 
I made a Dark and Stormy with great ginger beer (fever tree) and shitty spiced rum and it's still magical proving ginger beer is the best
It is a goddamn travesty that John Woo's other movies like Hardboiled aren't on Netflix. Face/off is really good tho
“Dance All Night” by @FreeEnergy is my new jam. Listen: 
Smoking outside with this gecko apparently made for this apartment building 
Looking back on my insomnia tweets last night and yiiiiiikes
Only got class until 1ish today so I can prob take a nice nap
I didn't sleep and now I 100% regret it :)
I also wanna light a gasoline trail by flicking my cigarette at it
How cool would it be to burn a car!! Like not in a way that harms anyone, but like a junked up car. It'd be cool.
The 'homemade loszonda' pic still fucks me up
Sleep is for not me people
I just watched the first series of The Fall (prob didn't help with me sleeping) in one sitting and its good!!!!!
Its cute and endearing imo
I used to be really into the band Blue October and now the singer just posts about his cute kid and hosting Texan mayors for lasagna dinners
Listen up: im not done tweetin tonight ya hear
Should I commit to the insomnia and just make a pot of coffee rn? I don't wanna fall asleep and still have to get up at 7
More so, I miss these babies cc: @sbellum 
I miss 4Lokos
Like they went thru the plot excruciatingly slow and must've covered each video probably. That was a weird time in my life imo
Today I was doing some hw at a coffee shop I like and this person was loudly narrating the plot behind the dumb candy mountain Charlie thing
I've lost 10 lbs in the past month :)
my power levels are v low right now even post coffee
me: good. i want to be a small fucking rat person. pour me another cup
Said drink (its actually kinda tasty) 
I bought these shitty tallboy drinks that were bogo at the store and they're 8% and I'm think I'm gonna drink more than one and watch xfiles
Praise drugs and do satan
That rules, good for them!!
Oh hey :) 
in cool space news tho, nasa is making a submarine that'll survive the methane seas on Titan <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
fuck Mars it SUCKS do go there
I'm spending tonight catching up on some music I missed out on and wow some good stuff. The Father John Mister album is suuuuuuuper good man
“Coffee” by Sylvan Esso is my new jam. Listen: 
Sylvan Esso is sooooo good.
S/o to the guy openly reading manga in this class in the front row
Ok so heres my plan for my own happiness. Drink lots of coffee, eat nothing, and smoke a lot. (No one else do this please)
Hate this dumb planet (its actually ok and I suck)
And maybe twice as many beers?
I need several+ cigarettes RN
I am v sad tonight and also cannot sleep.
I.... Actually kinda wanna see Focus
Gonna drink [more] gin and watch the new EP of better call Saul
Been meat free for about a month and I feel/been eating way better :) not even getting as depressed as I used to anymore
I didn't even leave my bed today and it feels GREAT
I want to believe
@VoidBurger like this mostly :/ (still at like 80-85% completion) 
lol at scully holding this bucket of chicken the whole scene. 
so now im super low and sad
i went to a concert alone and it was super fun but there were a lot of love songs and every1 there other than me was a couple
@Kishi_bashi puts on a great show as usual!!!!!    Appreciated his special Valentine's beat!
I live my life by these tenants: 
LRT: I did that!!!! But it was totally with wrestling Vday cards!!!!
This week was super duper trash wow
#poetweet I'm into it 
I like migos a lot but it might be because he subscribes to the whole 'say a word enough times and it stops sounding like a word' rap style
applying to jobs is stressful... I feel like I don't know anything even though I'm about to graduate.
yeah Murda by Kid Ink n Pusha is still my fave hype song of 2014
I'm eating three whole garlic dill pickles who wants to kiss me
I've always wanted to see neutral milk hotel in concert, but it's always not near me so its a good graduation gift to myself!!!!
my final semester in school is pretty lame so far but its punctuated by a kishi bashi/guster show next saturday and a NMH concert in may so
I should study quantum for my test tmrw but I'm super tired and just wanna watch x files and fall asleep
I made too much espresso and black bean chili. Like over a liter, and it's really good, but that's so much....
Omg "Only" by Nicki Minaj is fucking amazing
<POLICE OFFICER>heh, you'd think they woulda seen it coming!
<BOY>hahahaha
<WOMAN>hahaha
<BOY>haha oh…
<SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><BOY>there's been an accident<SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES>…
I feel better now cause I just chain smoked 3 cigs but it's ok cause I'm eating an apple now and it balances out
Hello I'm super depressed at the moment and feeling super crummy. Life is wonderful!
Hey same :) 
@tortoiseontour Sign me up please :)
I thought sports fans topped out at their worst as die hard Yankees and Red Sox fans
One of the largest reasons I don't like football are because the NFL are shit heels and the fans are insane and awful
I'm not a football guy but watching Seattle fans react with two opposite extremes was really funny lol
Lmao
Mulder made a diarrhea joke and Scully gave him the stink eye for it and I love this show
"That's guacamole. It's extra, is that ok?"
"How much extra? $500?" 
90% of people i know being super rude and shitty to me these past couple weeks havent really helped my mental state
good thing i have to go to bed early tonight so i can get up early tmrw, cause tonight probably wouldve been super super rough.
I hate physics professors 

Every tweet/retweet will see 5¢ donated to Canadian mental health initiatives…
Don't even talk to me if u got bad kitchen hygiene habits. Clean your shit before it cakes and rots people
Oh man
Just accidentally blasted a vine I thought wass a gif in a crowded bathroom oops
Obv not everyone esp my closer friends, but a lot of people I know here are bummers
I feel sad because I feel like I hung out with the wrong people my last four years
Ok so tonight has taught me one thing: hanging out with people not from my school is insanely more fun
@CurlyQueues I'd rock this tbh
@cgothner I'm sure he does since he was also wearing  a craft beer brewery shirt
@cgothner He ordered white rice, steak, and cheese for a burrito bowl and that's it lol
He keeps dwelling on it too like it saves so much money more than any the other stuff on the menu lol
Dude behind me in line at chipotle is on a tinder date and he keeps telling his date to get a burrito bowl because they "have more food"
Things I've done today: drank 4 cups of coffee, ate vegetarian chicken nuggets, and listened to a wrestling podcast
Frends 
Idk what it is but physics professors are nasty people a lot of the time
This episode about the face of mars is extremely my shit wow
and its about wrestling, something i also think is super rad!!!!!!
OMG new mountain goats album yessss
This episode of Xfiles is straight up the plot from The Thing but with Mulder and Scully and I'm 100% ok with this
@shegeekshow So good.
Idk why my depression is food/weight related but it's just gotten worse
My depression seems to have two different results. One is not eating (I wish this was more common) and the other is to consume everything
Today was a bad day compounded by increasing depression, I've also not eaten at all today

You really are a chump and a dumb one at that
Life is a suckfest imo
I wonder if Jupiter Ascending will be any good
I thought I liked Rob Lowe but hoooooboy he's in some questionable movies
Boyhood is good so far but some of this childhood stuff is waaay too familiar and Idk if I can finish it
im a theater nerd. I like watching professional wrestling.
If only we still played at hockey games cause I wanna throw drinking into the mix too
im gonna go play trombone and yell at people today for a few hours and im excited because this has been a dumb week
@TxtYoutube 
MC Bat Commander is my fave person
See the shame 
I ripped my jeans from crotch to knee today yay!!

I opened a brittle can last night and literally flayed a section of my finger off
'blacks,' 'females' 'queers,' 'the homeless' vs.
'black people,' 'women,' 'queer people,' 'homeless peopl…
I'm super sad again tonight :(
LRT: wowza
Someone asked him why he was dressed up and he said with a smirk "I dress to impress." Clearly.
Guy named Tucker in my class wearing a button down and a sweater around his waist like he playing tennis at a country club
it's early and I hate the day
naming ur kid Kyle or Biff is a good way to typecast them their entire life. Kyle will always be a skater, and Biff a meathead
i cant sleep so im intently wondering if people are still named stuff like kyle. I met a kyle once and he longboarded everywhere w/o shoes
I don't like James Hurley
@CurlyQueues yeah it's good!
I poured more wine
Passed out while reading 60+ pages about engineering sustainability and holistic farming. I asked for it by drinking wine with a dry subject
i bought wine for the first time and its a Shiraz and I think I like it
Free advice: dont buy a bathroom scale hoo boy goodbye being happy for the rest of your life
should I get a tumblr, I think I'm gonna get a tumblr again
I wish there was something more I could do than just donate to charities that help victims and signal boosting people it directly affects
im lucky enough to be born in a way that I wont ever have to deal with this kind of thing, but I'm so sorry to the people who this affects
you should prob wait until you see a gun before you shoot, especially if you already have a gun trained on him. Christ.
cool another cop got off for shooting an unarmed POC. Cop says the guy was reaching into his waistband, and he thought he was armed but hey:

But I'm not talking about Islam. 
@lil_mermaid the cops on my campus recently underwent 'training' and now carry guns which is kinda terrifying :(
Fuck Marco rubio
Saying homosexuality is evolutions answer to overpopulation is super awful to say and complete pseudoscience bullshit
i made myself sad. AGAIN
@CurlyQChaela "kids these days!" *drives 10 miles with left turn signal on going 25 *
there is a guy in my class this semester named Tucker fucking White lol
It's cold, here, in the tropics
Getting up for my 9:15 class tmrw is gonna be rough
hi 
@CurlyQueues So many
@CurlyQueues 
this song is my spirit animal: 
KIDS THERE ARE RAPTOR COMING IN GET OFF THE SIM CITY
for closer's, reminder of a great song: 
I bring this up now because I just saw a bunch of screenshots from that movie
Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure is prob one of the great movies ever made, and nobody I know appreciates it
also i need new friends. back when we went to Halloscream, they all refused to do the Bill and Ted's house and what is wrong w/ them
Alan from Jurassic Park is a crazy person. Who thinks its funny to scare someone already in mortal danger. This movie is fucked
@CurlyQueues sure!!!
"your password must contain at least one number and one upper case letter" the screen said
"murd3R" she wr…
I made tikka masala and it's ok
I cannot abide bad texters
I can't think of a person I'd least like to Hang out with than this guy in a "America fuck yeah" shirt tagged in a friends fb photo
I'd be so much more into wresting than I am if riff raff joined the WWE holy shit
@CurlyQueues instead of bad plain steak try a steak pizzaoila or a homemade Mongolian beef it is much better!!!!!!
@CurlyQueues I have it on good authority steak is dumb and also tastes bad unless masked by a ton of spices
steak is possibly the worst meal, maybe after something like a mayonnaise sandwich or something equally as gross
Clotted cream is probably good, but what an awful and repelling name it has
spörts
idk why im surprised how transphobic and homophobic family guy is because holy shit this episode is fuckin disgusting
Violets are Blue
I want Shantae to poop on my chest" (via @ThunderGigas) 
That's how I know this will be a good year
Happy new year I'm having a panic attack
Happy new year I finally finished all my goddamn pumpkin beer
I'm drinking alone and watching the travel channel could you ask for a better NYE
sick, sad, and tired but who cares cause it's #dudetime !!!!!!!! @lil_mermaid 
Also the phrase "Large Chef" kinda scares me
Lol he got chopped. Score one more for tge big chef industry
There's a guy on Chopped rn complaining about being an indie chef in a city of big shadow chefs (las Vegas apparently)
@sbellum Think very hardly what the letter C could stand for w/r/t me
@sbellum What c??
2014 was largely dumb and awful, hopefully 2015 won't be so bad
Today I looked at fish and cried in a movie theater #goals
@CurlyQueues NEVEr.  Toy story 3 dehydrated me
Like 70% of the movie
I cried a lot during annie
welk today is 100% ruined so that's cool
I have fantasies about spending Christmas alone sometimes, idk why
Omg family conversations go awayyyyyyy this is the worst
Omg @beatonna's holiday comics about her family are amazing and super adorable
No joke the best part of Xmas eve is Feast of the 7 Fishes tho
Idris Elba as james bond sounds great since I'm basically in love with him. (Also he's a super good actor.)
trophies is a good song imo
@sbellum NO
That's pretty fucking disgusting. I am surrounded by gross ass people, and I don't mean they smell bad.
Idk if I can do this whole "being home" thing anymore.....
literally want to disapear

Black shooter = entire race guilty 

White shooter = mentally troubled lone wolf
@TheQuinnspiracy POWERFUL
I am horrendously bored and as a result very very low right now, so this is turning out to be a great winter break
Rest in peace ultimate warrior :(
Smoking is bad except when it's good
Ok 
im sad tonight again :/
sigh
People getting all uppity about a racist bullshit movie being pulled. Nice.
@CurlyQueues literally the only solace :P crazy how close it is now
@CurlyQueues I have to wait until the 11th...... :(
Been to two graduations at my school now and each time the anticipation gets worse. 4 more months............
@hentaiphd Congrats!!!! That's awesome
the end justifies the means
the end of the internet
the end of history. beer.

#GooglePoems 
I am watching the old Bob Ross show and writing my space physics paper, and wow its strangely motivating and relaxing
@SLAwrites I'm crying

Place a Santa hat on the corner of your TV and every time someone wears it... DRINK 
Don't walk down the street and maybe they won't kill you. Maybe.
Don't ask for help after a car accident and maybe they …
Waka flocktopus
Brick squiiiiiiiiiiid
God people are so incredibly rude to others. It's not easy to be nice, but at least put a little effort in?
is codeine and egg nog a thing yet
merry twee christmas (Los Campesinos put out an xmas song!) 
reminder: DMX is my hero 
i love this episode of bizarre foods because all it is is older ladies yelling and threatening andrew zimmern
oh shit new Bizarre Foods in 10 min
Seemed to go to be true imo anyway
Nvm I can take a hint
engineering is a load of poop and i dont recommend it
maybe its just making me sad cause im super stressed w/ end of the semester shit. got like 3 projects and a bunch of stuff due soon
its none of my business AT ALL but i kinda consider myself lucky to not have seriously cataclysmic heart breaks in my life
i just read a bunch of this tinder girl's tumblr because she had it posted and it made me super sad :(
@rare_basement Same but w/ pickles in trees???
That game rules fyi get it
11/29 puke out of car windows every day
Please don't ever refer to yourself as a gypsy, especially if you're a white american :/
Ok nvm shit still rules
I'm so mad Netflix only has legend of the drunken master in English dubs..........
12/2 PC/Mac; PS4 SCEA
12/3 Xbox One &amp; 360; PS4 SCEE
12/4 iOS ht…
Dude I am unbelievably excited to see the new Annie movie
fuckin LMAO i just found a dude on tinder who's profile pic is him shaking hands with Rick Scott. The dude is wearing a blazer + shorts
being back in my hometown on tinder is weird. im always super wary to swipe right because they have friends in common
im not shaming it, ust really confused how someone under 21 is a wine fanatic???
how is a 20 y/o a wine fanatic. how does that define you as a 20 y/o enough to put on a tinder profile. you cant even buy it yet!!!
ok The Raid 2: Berandal fuckin rules. Such a good movie.
unlocking all the characters in BoI: Rebirth seemed a lot easier this time around tho i think it may be because i beat the old one so much


*girl is raped* she was asking for it

*white boy shoots up a school* he's dis…
Thoughts to a Mike Brown's family and friends and of course #Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter
It is insane how ok everyone in this country is with straight up murder

My hands are cracking because they're so dry, my body is slowly going dying
Where can I buy a 40 of pbr
@pududeer 
im gerudo baby
so why wont you kill me

Please RT
@SamyMata21 Thanks Sam :) that does mean a lot to me.
Usually sleeping helps but wow it just made everything worse and now I just really wanna disappear
Oh man I'm not in a good way rn
i just really wanna die tbh. no one really actually gives a shit about me so you know, why not. at least 4 people proved that this week
It's cool how more and more people in my life think it's ok to be consistently rude and mean to me
Drake is legit the cutest rapper alive
Don't use uber or lyft for real they are bad companies.
.mound.
I just cracked open the eggnog I've been aging and hot damn its good.
apparently sometimes you have to make 3-4 people hate you when something needs to get done. So that's fun, I guess.
I'm super stressed and feeling really overwhelmed and literally no one is willing to talk to me about it :(
12. Never mention how haunted I am by fear &amp; insecurity 
I'm impressed honestly
There are 3 guys in this class in the same backwards hat, school shirt, and sweatpants combo.
Lmao who you foolin budd
Hell yeah I want to hear billy "scare people on the streets" eichner's thought about on Kim kardashian. Why wouldn't i
Me: four years ago I killed someone with Stapler and I didn't feel a…
Spending at least $6 on laundry today because the machines are 30 y/o pieces of shit
@TheQuinnspiracy m-m-making it?? how?!
I need a cigarette rn
@jfitz6 you have sullied the greatness that is Tombstone with this and I'm mad
Going hog wild on some pickle juice RN hell yeah!!!!!
@TylerBoeh hahhahhhhahahah hell yea
1. It's funded by Koch money.
2.  More right-wing money.
3. Clickbait trash.
4. #3 again.…
@TylerBoeh "here's how I know my neighborhood is hood..." Try to guess if what followed was racist or not..... (It was).
• tree/couch forts
• flexing
• any basketball rim white guys…
@scalzi Our options in FL were: libertarian, repub crazy person, and former repub crazy person :/
It's unanimous, Taylor swifts new album owns owns owns
Pineapple cider is good
.@Oreo if you don't make eggnog Oreos I will kill myself
Dramatic gross jeans #F1
Sorry to everyone I follow or fave by accident
Way too depressed to sleep rn so I'm plotting out a recipe for eggnog I'm gonna age for a month
Sad 
Gonna go swallow a whole cigarette and pass out cya
Wanna jump off a cliff~
I wouldn't recommend it tbh
One thing they don't tell you about when you get fat: the crippling depression and loneliness that comes from everyone avoiding you
Feelin super alone right now in almost every way :/
Jesus: MY BLOOD IS MADE OUT OF WINE
Don't buy costumes. It's way more fun to make them and also it looks better, or at least try to assemble them yourselves
Oh my god a guy in a Bacon costume ugh
Yo friendship goes both ways dude cmon. I've made some of the greatest friends here and some super awful ones too
@femfreq amazing!!!! Break a leg!
Also tinder is really fun to use lol
Wanna post a selfie I look good in but I'm smoking in it and people I know are weird about that
Lotta beer snobs pissed about the existence of snakebites (beer + cider)
Fuck acapella
New Taylor swift album so good #1989
Was in a good mood the last few days so hello crippling depression!!!!!
@AWoodenPalisade I made doro wat tonight so I can attest to this fact
also makin' some good ethiopian food RN
Wait that was the lead singer of Staind lmaoooooo
lmao dude fucked up the anthem at the World Series
Omg I can't believe I've hung out with him and everything
Then he said one of them would be "his first target" if The Purge was a real thing fuck fuck fuck I'm not talking to this guy anymore
Holy shit this guy I've been talking to just called a whole group of girls "cunts"
My alarm is set for 4:45 and I can't sleeeeeeeep
"Ah I love that book. The way he just [clenches fist] catches all that frickin rye…
Crist: My dad was beaten by Hessians
Scott: My dad abandoned me
Crist: My dad was made of knives and mad…
kill all Tuesdays
All the people on the walking dead are 100% incompetent there's no reason they've survived this long
.@sbellum  art appreciation
People who flake out on things they've committed to are the absolute worst
@garf02 @MomsAgainstGam sry but death threats def you make you the bad guys
People who use "ghetto" as an adjective are the worst type of people
@KenJennings no way
is there a button that let's me reset my entire life because that would be cool
I'm in Deland rn and FUCK did I pick the wrong school to go to
Today was awful and I'm really not in a good way, especially for taking the GRE tomorrow :/

1. No pants
2. No periods
3. Perfect hair
4. You get to lure men to their deaths

Bonus: free clam …
People are fuckin rude wow
Omg these are the worst Starbucks customers in the world
Ok
Gamer 1: I prefer Features
Gamer 2: I like insanely sick graphics.
Gamer 1: well, at least we bot…

hi reme…
Oh man, this is gonna be a bad week

hold on... 
literally everyone fuck off please
aw hell ya keeping the trend of following good days with crippling depression is still going strong
no respect or love for people who like deep dish pizza
@sbellum it's gross!!!!!!
Literally no one else talk to me today
Also s/o to the military douchebag who loudly used the words "fuckin retard" in a crowded hallway
Today is a real shitty day and people around seem like they're actively trying to make it worse.
If your ringtone is that stupid  fucking klaxon noise you're the worst and everyone hates you
Hatsune miku.........
The people you keep as your friends say a lot about you, especially when those friends are awful people and treat you like shit
gonna be a long couple of days, but hopefully not too bad?
wake up at 7 am on wednesday, get all dressed up for career fair and go hand out a bunch of resumes to different companies w/ slim chances
ok so plan over next few days: do class tmrw, leave immediately to go to orlando for concert get back prolly after midnight and do homework
I'm pretty close to having a breakdown yay
Super psyched to see @CHVRCHES  tmrw night in Orlando!!!!
Holy shit twin peaks is coming baaaackyes!!
Oh my goood its gorgeous outside
.......nope. 
New smash so good
by being so rude and judgemental, he pretty much makes a clique of people like him and it sucks the fun out of everything
theres a guy in the club im in that is the most negative and rude person on the planet, and he's a literal cancer on a lot of people
I did not plan lunch very well..... Oops
Shit I prob could've asked my friend who lives nearby to go w/ me. She probably would've!! Ugh! Theyre only on sale for 5 more minutes :(
I just bought a ticket to go to a CHVRCHES concert Tuesday night by myself... This might be weird but I really wanna see them
Time zones are hard to remember. I keep texting @RebecaCascio at like 10-11 a.m. not realizing its like 7-8 a.m. where she is lol oops
I feel super out of touch w/ everyone all the time and it makes me wanna go away forever. Esp when I'm at low moments like this
People who say stuff like "merica" are best avoided. Its such a tell that that dude is the worst
@sbellum This is betrayal
@sbellum I'll...... Pass lol
i cant sleep for the third night in a roooooow
Get to see a cool friend on Friday!! I'm pretty excited :)
"we have cars. people drive them"
"are the people immisserated husks used as a backdoor to crush unions?"
…
I haven't been beer drunk in years. Next party I'm at, so prob like 2 weeks, I'm gonna get v. beer drunk
Haha what the hell
Keytars are expensive and I'm very sad at this
I just need an100% change in my life. Not move across the state, but more of move across the country. Now let's hope I can make it 10 months
That sounds super melodramatic, but it's one of my only up days today when every other day is laced w/ depression.
Idk what it says about my life right now, but it was super freeing and just kinda makes me want to get in my car and leave everything
I decided to grab a coffee at a place I like and drive around Holly Hill/North Daytona for a bit today and it was.... really nice.
Fuck today
how can people honestly support military actions anymore. Like do people just like the idea of murdering people?
8 Chainz frowned. "14 Chainz doe…
It's the same thing w/ those Anon Confessions fb pages. All it is is dude's bragging about (made up) sex and being super gross to women
All Yik Yak is is an outlet for people to insult others and say creepy things about people from the comfort of anonymity.
are you fucking kidding me. Yikyak is the worst fucking idea ever, it needs to go away fast.
Kill meeeee
yes my subconscious plan of making people close to me hate me is coming together nicely
By this guy I hope :) 
So im pretty sure im gonna get a watercolor tarantula tattoo :)
I like that my life is a lot better now, but it just makes me sad to look back at when i was younger.
feeling a lot of regret about 80% of my life atm :( i just feel like i missed out on so much
I spent my two first years being in an abusive relationship for 1 and the other was spent doing nothing :( I have like ~3 friends
man i wish my first two years of college werent so bad :/ Everyone has these great stories when they were freshmen and anda bunch of friends
@sbellum #blessed #pulp
Minaj for president 2016
I am legit a huge Nicki Minaj fan btw
DONT READ THE COMMENTS ON A NICKI MINAJ VIDEO
Do people not know that youre supposed to say thank you? I dont want a reward but a thank you would be nice when I do a favor for someone
I wish I could hold an actual human conversation, cause I'm real bad at those. I'm really good at being a dick to friends tho!
drive car: 16
army: 17
adult, cigarette: 18
drink: 21
weed: 22
run for president: 35
super-weed: 42.0
old: 60
…
Bloodsport is an amazing movie
Being sick and depressed at the same time sucks :( I feel God awful rn
1) humiliation
2) can barely see/play video game
3) gross 
kanye is so good
Does someone wanna come over w/ coffee, give it to me, and leave? Please
.@sbellum because pool is a game for shit people
I just ate at paneras and it was..... Not good. More reasons to not go back there I guess
I wonder what's it's like to live ones life in such a masturbatory and boring way that wil Wheaton does
I'm reminded on a daily basis why I'm so happy I muted wil Wheaton on Twitter :)
My department head just sent all of us an xkcd comic ugh
i just bought an Apron that says "Mr. Good Lookin' is Cookin!" If you wanna currently know how carefully I plan my budget each day.
these quality tweets brought to by today's diet of a gatorade, a burger, and 5 cups of coffee
i want to braid skrillex's hair lol
i get to help teach a physics lab tmrw to people who have never had any physics before yay (also lasts from 11:15 - 2)
when i cant sleep, i tweet very angrily but im actually in a good mood
"i hate women" - 24 y/o guy in cargo shorts
by popular i mean boring people used to watch there shit ass videos back in 2008 and then people got smart and remembered it was 100% trash
surprise surprise popular internet people have garbage opinions about stuff
@astro_cast its super rad that you guys support piece of shit people i guess!
Netflix marathon game so strong rn
"@bloerwald: SUCCESS: 26/26 (100%) Tests passed 
@sbellum #justgoilthings
@CurlyQueues I think it's partly cause I'm pretty new to this and not 100% sure about myself?
A guy said I was cute on grindr today and I got scared so I haven't replied to him in hours
Is it weird that I literally regret 95% of my life so far and I'm only 21
I'm sad :(
awful opinions about stuff making me real mad rn
Idk how I feel about this pumpkin cider
@dudehugs 
I ate a whole dragonfruit. Coincidentally I'm apparently allergic to those :)
I am trash
There's a guy in my class legit yelling at a girl for drinking coffee because he deems it unhealthy I guess. Christ
Honors people at my school, like almost wholly the dudes in the program, are awful holy hell.
IMO the worst thing here is that tuna sub with ketchup guy cause it smells just like you'd imagine
I'm glad I came here today haha
Lol someone just walked thru it puffing on an ecig
A dude who's asleep with what sounds like a straight up medically serious case of sleep apnea
A guy eating a tuna sub with ketchup
Two dudes playing pool calling each other fags
College lounges attract the worst kinds of people. Two air force ROTC guys loudly talking about how all girls are sluts.
@starkidfan2010 ok! I can help you then!
@starkidfan2010 I'm available 12:30 to a little before 1:30! Are you gonna be there then?


Same with kids, all the people I knew in HS with kids have insanely adorable ones
Like even tho I want nothing to do w/ marriage, it's super cute seeing people be happy that they are :)
a lot of people I know are getting engaged and it's super cute :)
@NintendoAmerica kirby! (XLarge) #Smashbash #SweepsEntry
The comment threads on VICE tweets are fuckin awful wow
Tbh picking up smoking again was a good idea.
cool
The Sam Adams Rebel IPA is so good
I swallowed a whole cigarette
I somehow just pocket tweeted to a texans senator. The future is now.
Dude must've hit middle age in high school, he even talks and has opinions like a god damn dad it's insane
Lol just saw a dude I've known for 4 years now still rocking solely jorts, a red polo, and a backpack roughly the same size as him
My school now sells strawberry quinoa kale wraps and they're so bomb
It's awful that such scummy people inhabit a culture surrounding something i do to relax. I can't even imagine being part of that industry
@TheQuinnspiracy you are seriously amazing
@ollymoss Omg this is amazing
Idc how bad your sense of humor is, pumpkin spice lattes are pretty good
I mean tbh its kinda cool that I'm alienating everyone I like because then they don't have to be around me so you know, I'm actually helping
Sure do hate myself right now! I love being reminded about how awful I am. I mean, I deserve it for being awful, but still it hurts a lot
@breakingmoney @AP @starkidfan2010
Every time someone makes a hipster joke about Starbucks or something I get a headache from rolling my eyes too hard
Ugggggh classes start today. Last year tho, get hype!
Adam's last words: "Slow down! You're driving too-"; 
«RT if you don't want Adam to ever quit twitter.» 
The underside of my bed is a bunny magnet
I'm watching the Belgian Grand Prix at 8 am on the Spanish channel because its the only one we get w/ this live race. we out here!!!!
I want to die :)
Hearing other peoples GPAs kills me makes me feel more pathetic and inferior that normal :/
I got that feeling that I 100% fucked up college and prob won't get a job :/ my GPA will go up this semester but not enough. Ugh :/

Society was always bad but people are getting better at t…
I'm actually super excited for the new Annie movie.......
Omg grand Budapest hotel is such a good movie

Moving a shit ton tmrw uggggh not excited
Fuck the news, it's repulsive. That was a human life that's now gone you assholes
The situation doesnt change even if he did steal. You dont gun down an unarmed thief, is this mesopotamia? We gonna start removing hands?
People are saying how much progress was made in Ferguson meanwhile the news on right now is talking about Michael brown robbing a store
The guy from labrynth turned into a bird!!!!
Why must you be the screen door to my submarine
semper fidelis tyrannosaurus!!!!!!
my mom asked me to solve a problem on her laptop and hooooly hell ive never seen so much adware and viruses on a pc wow
it's over.
move on. 

Reminder: No cops have been harmed in the demonstrations 
@cgothner totally, a lot of cops have their heart in the right place
@cgothner agree. My dad was a cop who was/is part of the problem and he was against even dash cams :/
today is a super low day
omg 
Rip Robin Williams, I loved a ton of his movies. Depression seriously is awful and a super dangerous illness :(
Hating ur self is one of the word things because it makes you sabotage all your personal relationships. Trust me, I currently am living that
I mean I was p good looking in hs when I wasn't as big as I am now, gotta get back to that
Getting out of breath from climbing stairs/exercise and the constant self loathing I get from seeing my reflection is getting oooooooold
Like I feel like I'd be 200% happier with myself if I can lose the weight I gained back in highschool. So that's my biggest goal.
The hardest obstacle tho that I still have a hard time doing is actually getting out and exercising. I have the means, but its hard to go
Trying really hard to avoid junk food/extra eating, added variety to my wardrobe, smiling a lot more in public, waking up early
Trying to make some lifestyle changes recently that'll make me more happy about myself
I have a blackhead on my nose and it makes my whole face hurt &gt;:(
