Me and The White Tea of Kings by @AdagioTeas sitting in a tree. S-I-P-P-I-N-G! 
Love tea? Here's $5 to save at Adagio, my favorite vendor. GC, good for 24 hours: 7084056514. 
#corgi #havanese 
@melgillman sweet! I'll be finishing those up here in the next week.

Bullied Bisexual Teen Dies by Suicide; Mom Says School's Attitude Was 'Toughen Up' 
@melgillman hey, gotta ask, is it okay to send a few pages of the comic I'm looking to submit as a part of my work?
Also, it's looking like after five years of near continuous use I may need to retire my @newrock boots. I'm a little depressed about that.
I dunno if I'll be able to get back to ACE today. Being mothers day and all.

Thanks for all your hard work during those really early years.

Love,

Science Fiction 
Was trying to test more inking, this time on some new printed pages of an upcoming piece. #zombieart… 
"Warden, I need you to-" NOPE, GOTTA GO BEAT LOGAIN'S HEAD IN. #dragonageorigins
I feel like my penchant for side quests in a game goes down dramatically as I near the end of it.
Oh dear god the dwarf is hitting on me. Why is the dwarf hitting on me. #DragonAgeOrigin
Working on Comic Pages for a little bit! Come drop by!  
@majawi duuuude my dad own a comic shop just as Civil War started, I know Iron Spidey.
@majawi I was lurking around the artist alley a lot, and I know I wasn't the only one with a Cap Backpack that weekend.
@majawi dude man don't start I will be geeking out on this for the rest of the day. :P And yeah, I agree. Just makes me nervous, as usual.
@majawi Also dingus I totally missed you at C2E2.
@majawi - but we really don't have the same kind of impact that Civil War had. There's not a lot of an established friendship between the 2.
@majawi If they're doing the comic storyline verbatim. It's already been stated that's not the case. You still want at least Stark involved-
Alright, alright, breaktime's over. Back to comics.
@dauntdraws Thanks for worrying gosh. and HI IT'S OKAY TOTALLY. &lt;3 I kinda lost a week thanks to post-con exhaustion.
Also, don't know if I mentioned it to @dauntdraws, but I got a relatively clean bill of health after C2E2. No surgeries, at least.
@majawi You can pull off Civil War without stuffing it to the gills, I think. I'm cautiously optimistic since I loved Winter Soldier.
Weh weh movies don't specifically cater to me weh weh.
Look, I'm not the only one that thinks so. Tbqh I just want Bucky, Cap, Sam and Nat. That's it. 
@dauntdraws I feel like every movie set on earth from here on out is more like Avengers: actual movie title.
My neck hurts like hell and I have a blistering headache. Buuuh.
@ohcararara  oh DAMN that freaking sucks. The wait would kiiiiiiiiill me.
Hollywood = Silence

White, male director leaves Twitter = WE NEED TO BECOME…
@ohcararara bouncing in my chair waiting for actual confirmation. :P
It's funny how much of my artistic life I've been trying to run away from the so-called "anime eyes" and now, I'm drawing it willingly.
@MatthewForcum I suppose that's a little less of a time sink than making a 3D set of a character's house, right? 
@MatthewForcum ...that's what I did in my first comic oh CRAP.
@MatthewForcum Want to trade? Hellhound at an angle here with a dripping maw. Think I'd be used to dog-jaws by now. NOPE.
Guns at angles. Why do I do this.
@neogeen, this was suggested to me.  
@NeoGeen honestly turning down the stabilization on the brush was helped me fix it. I was suggested a few things - lemme RT them.
@sour_apple don't really see it as pornographic. But that might just be me.
@FRENDEN @mangastudio it worked. Thanks so much!
@FRENDEN @mangastudio I know, and I've been using your brushes faithfully since I got the program itself. Thanks for the tip, I'm gonna try.
...well, after a little experimentation, it looks like @mangastudio is only lagging when I use my @FRENDEN brushes. Anyone else having this?
I lost my serial number for @mangastudio ....shit.
I went outside today. I know, shocking.
Something a little different tonight. Sketching out my d&amp;d character. #zombieart #sketch 
I'm not making matching charms shit up. #sketch #zombieart #captainamerica 
@SteveOgdenArt @MatthewForcum About time this came back! Must put this on the linklist for my own site.
My neck is terribly sore. Thanks, panic attack.
@mikemearls what's a good way(email?) to contact you and the rest of your team privately? Have a thing I wanna ask about.
Would people be interested if I turned that into a charm? I dunno. Totally keeping the greyscale stuff and turning it into a sketchbook.
Finished! #zombieart #wintersoldier #buckybarnes 
....Yeah, I'm not really sure either. Other than I needed to doodle. #zombieart #wintersoldier… 
.....AU Sitcom Filler? #AgeOfUltron
Best way I could sum that movie up: sitcom filler episode.
Well, here's nothing. Literally. #AgeOfUltron
I'm almost hesitant to go see AoU tonight. I haven't heard anything good.
@korybing @FaithErinHicks honestly I do but I still do both from time to time.
I regret nothing. Well, some things. @thinkgeek #selfie #wintersoldier 
Must be sick.I've slept so much.
Changing my portfolio site! It'll be back up again in a bit!
Artist and Comic Expo! 
Hey cool, clean bill of health. So.....why does my side hurt all the damn time?
There are good things on the horizon. I promise.
Doing copic maker tests for Bailey and Sam. Think Bailey's outfit needs brighter things. #zombieart… 
Working on something in particular. Hate the way my monitor does that thing. 
I set a timer for a can of red bull that I never put in the freezer. It's gonna be that kind of a day.
My two queer demon hunters. Coming soon to a comic or two. #zombieart #sketch 
This is probably about the cleanest it's been in awhile. 
I did a morning sketch of two characters from an upcoming minicomic project before my scan. Should scan it in before the end of the day.
I'm terribly tired this morning. Nervous as hell too.
My goal with my first mini comic is to not duplicate the same layout twice. I know I will have a lot to adjust for, can already say that.
@ChrisEvans I am more than certain that everyone would LOVE Cap with a beard, especially given the title of the movie and everything else.
Oh my god I just wolfed down scalloped potatoes like they were the best fucking thing in the world. Con food be damned.
@zdarsky aw man, a buddy of mine was hoping to convince you to draw Howard the duck as Weird Al. Hope you get better soon!
Thirty minutes and I can get in my car and just go home. I feel so bone weary....probably should not have worn the killer boots to the con.
@gogomonimon I really wanna get up on the train right now and grab a water but they're 1) too far away and 2) probably pricy. Ha.
@gogomonimon think Tony mentioned this earlier. 
I got to hug @zdarsky last night, and I consider this con a success. (Psst. The site I mentioned was @cgcookie.)
I was going to be super panicked if I couldn't make it in time. Could have gone bad.
Crossing fingers that I can get to my train.
FINALLY. Bus from route two is taking us.
So long #C2E2. That is, if my shuttle ever fucking comes.
There are so many little hero caps in tutus. It's great.
@ohcararara Alistair looks adorkable. 
Focus on the story, not on "queerness."
Love that they encourage people to expand their writing base. Try what you can. #queerators
Over at the queerators panel. #C2E2 
I feel like I woke up into another year. Even if it was an hour ago.
I am wandering the con floor in the middle of peak hours. Not a smart person.
@sfemonster occasionally. Maybe a little bit with my comics. Okay a lot.
Skinny Steve cap? Skinny Steve cap. #c2e2 
@cypheroftyr GET ON WITH IT!
@mattryanreal I would love to see the actual incident.
@cypheroftyr fiiine I'm omw.
@cypheroftyr considering how near the front I am, I think my stealth roll would be a one.
@cypheroftyr I know. Was going to go to that one but kind of wandered into a different one. Oh well.
@cypheroftyr I think I should have wiggled into your panel. I think this one is informative, but oh guh, I'm a little past this.
I will say that they're mentioning very useful info about Twitter. And hey! They just mentioned talking and making it personal.
I guess I'm just in a funk about that site. It's just....way too dry for me.
I can spell, I swear. Still kind of cringing at LinkedIn. Also if anyone actually had found a group that's not wholly spam?
Oh my god linked in. (Cringe) has any comic creator actually used this top any proper effect?
You need the right mix of chatter and the right mix of updates on your setup.
Here's the problem with a strictly professional profile: there's too much of a pressure even as a creative type to not write personal.
Hey @MarketingBuddy, you should have suggested a hashtag for live tweeting.
Ooh, Ted talks.
Sitting in on @MarketingBuddy's social media for beginners. Curious to see if I can learn anything new.
I think Peggy Carter just sat in the shuttle behind me. #c2e2
I see you @ShaunGreiner. I..probably should have grabbed at least a link between worlds from you. Oh well.
...that was a horrible idea.
Should I even try to ink this? ...I'm gonna try to ink this. #traindoodles 
I probably should've grabbed snacks for this trip.
Obligatory train selfie. I finished my script! Now on to trying to draw for the rest of the ride. 
Should I even think about trying to format my script while I'm on the train...?
Shit you not. Not since I was nine at the most.
I'm forty minutes away from boarding the train. I haven't taken one since I was a kid.
All I wanna do at @c2e2 is have sushi with a bunch of awesome comic people.
My corgi is snoring behind me on the couch. I'm gonna miss the little bugger.
Working on blocking out something past due for @gogomonimon. Should be done in time for me to leave… 
Character designing. #sketch #zombieart 
Three faces and a back sketch to test my inking skills. Or lack thereof. #sketch 
Been working with new brushpens today because I feel like crud. 
Going to try to sketch a little self portrait before bed. I'm really hoping the doctors Give me good news tomorrow.
@korybing the guy who plays Azog in the hobbit and deathstroke in Arrow is in there too.
@korybing I can't remember, honestly. But Xena totally.
@korybing trust me, it won't be for very long.
I'm upset because if this is super serious, I'm not gonna make c2e2. Health problems suck, y'all.
I'm so damn tired. Pain in my side kept me up half the night.
Men: WHAT DO YOU MEEEEAN THERE SHOULD NEVER BE ANOTHER MALE CHARACTER EVE…
...
twitter: ok now anybody can dm u 

I'm just a liittle creeped out my new phone remembers wifi I've been around with my other phone. I shouldn't be, but I am.
(Just kidding @CarvedLLC take your time, I'm just really happy with this once I edit it and clean it up.)
Okay, my hands hurt. Can @CarvedLLC post their specs so I can order my galaxy s6 case pretty please? 
About halfway done with this. Hopefully my brush pen lasts through the initial drawing. #zombieart 
Picturesque pooch! #corgi 
Played with the dog on a lazy Saturday. 
Corgi noises drive me nuts. 
Try number two. Taking my sweet time with this one. 
Lawnmower + headache = oh god, my freaking head...
@sporkbot yep. Found it on Amazon. Can probably find it cheaper elsewhere but I'm gonna dig into reviews too.
@sporkbot cool cool, I'll have to keep an eye out for it!
@sporkbot Ah cool - how long does it last? I've been using Special Effects fishbowl but I have to re-up it every three weeks or so.
@sporkbot Your hair is so brilliantly green, I love it.
I think I'll probably take some time tomorrow and stream again. It's actually been pretty helpful top staying focused.
@elielcruz Yep! I draw queer comics in general, so it's a special spot for me. :D
@elielcruz TOTALLY. Friend of mine suggested the tagline last night and I just HAD to do it.
@elielcruz Considering I followed you over the Constantine BI Erasure mess, I thought you might like this: 
@MatthewForcum thanks! It's my comic's logo, trying to do a woodprint-esque design. NGL, would love to have that as a tatt someday.
Been working on a piece to use for a @carvedllc custom case. Think the cross hatching is the best… 
Less Queerbaiting - Impala Version 
Less Queerbaiting - More Queer Dating!  
Inking today! 
Gonna outline my design I did last night sometime today. Probably on steam.
Someone didn't want me getting up this morning. 
Argh. Now I have to angst over either exercising or working more. Almost laughing at the thought.
@melgillman @korimichele omg omg YES I've had an idea I've been kicking around the last couple of months that would be PERFECT for this!
@melgillman @korimichele wait, queer paranormal romance anthology? Assuming it's far too late to get in on this creative-wise.
Figures that I already sent a design off and now have one much more streamlined. bah.
@society6 When are you going to have Samsung Galaxy s6 cases available?
Beginning to think that I'm gonna need to load a few comic pages on my phone for c2e2. For reasons.
Finished the initial case design. Now to other things!
I think I'm actually making headway with this logo. Scary as that sounds.
@korimichele I know the feeling.
Buh. That's about accurate to how I feel right now. Really hoping that the LNA indiegogo makes its stretch goals.
Ready to Fight 
One of these days I'll be able to go to Geek @geekbarchicago. Have fun LNA group!
Well, that took long enough. Patreons can get the full res file for their own phone! 
@CarvedLLC Not a problem at all. I recently upgraded my phone to the new Galaxy s6 and I've been eager to try out a new design.
@CarvedLLC Ah thanks! I think I got re-directed to an old page that only had iPhone/Apple skins. Thanks so much!
@CarvedLLC Hey, would you folks start doing custom inlays on Samsung devices?
Working on a phone screen. 
Seriously, this is the year of customizing EVERYTHING.
Taking suggestions for what the hell I should put on my home and lock screen on my phone. I'm drawing Lukas, but I'm open to other ideas.
The Wicked + The Not-So-Divine 
oh wow @iankennethburns, thanks for the follow!
@ShaunGreiner Aww, Love you. &lt;3 Wish we found a better movie to watch.
The back is a little dark, but I like it. New cards for the COMIC! 
I'm an adult. 
At least I saved like a paranoid maniac this time.
Okay, getting real tired of chrome causing my pc to blue screen.
So many hiccups working on my pc today.
Well @TheCodeCrimson I finally submitted it. Not a moment too soon. I'll be over here screaming for the rest of the week.
TIME TO DO THE TEXT AND SFX! #ALLCAPSEXCITED
@NechamaFrier @tenny_boo just have one panel left! Been fretting over it all day, editing is about it. &lt;3 Also thanks! My writer's awesome!
Finishing up the last of my team's sample pages for @NechamaFrier and @tenny_boo 's VERTOSCOPE. Down to the wire, hahaha.
Looking like I'm really ill while I let my hair color set. Everyone have a good day today! 
To be perfectly honest, there's no other way I'd rather spend today than working on pages and drunk egg hunts.
Happy zombie awareness day y'all.
Heyo, 
Oh hey, might need to update pages. ye gods.
...even so, I managed to figure out how to fix something fairly simple in php. Small victories.
@Meyer78759 Winter Soldier!
There are days where I sit and yell at the computer "I LEARNED THIS IN COLLEGE," and then realize it's my own fault I don't do it often.
Low, frustrated growls abound for today.
And....crash number two. Hrn. I seem to remember thinking I had this problem awhile ago. Argh.
Well...crash number one today. Might just keep a running tally.

Mondays: 
..then again, it could just be that Razr Synapse is just bugging with EVERYTHING.
For as little that I've used my desktop rig for anything other than gaming, I feel like at times I'm learning Windows OS all over again.
Learning how to render fabric today. MAKING A BED WITH SO MANY PILLOWS.
Then again, I realize the plating is not for people like me. I still can't wrap my head around it.
"If I'm buying a computer, goddamnit, I'm going to get the best parts possible." Screw gold plating. (2/2)
I have a random rant about the Apple golden watches and laptops that boils down to (1/2)
I'm dying HE BLOODY SHIPS IT when you say stuff like that.
I'm like, really, stupidly happy for this year. I'm learning so many things, working on stuff I've wanted to for ages.
Watching movies with the pup and the fella. #corgi 
"Dragon Age: Origins has stopped-" arrrrgh.
[small screaming noises because computer decided to restart in the middle of playing dragon age origins]
dual monitooors aw yisss. Even if I'm probably going to crack open a video game first. Whoops.
"@CBR: The #Avengers Reimagined as Earth’s Mightiest Punks 
@ShaunGreiner oops. :)
Second monitor came in for my gaming/modeling rig! Now...I just gotta clean my room to fit it in.
Info-
FB: 

TUMBLR: 


Gen Con Responds to Indiana Passing “Religious Freedom” Bill BRAVO, GEN CON: 
The Merc With a Mouth to Feed 
Couldn't go back to sleep, instead staring bleakly at my computer screen trying to figure out what to do for the day. Blaaaaagh.
I know I'm just on this side of invisible (bi in a het relationship) but this kind of stuff just...no. no. It makes me angry and afraid.
I haven't been in quite a few years, but I definitely can't go now. The entire state is not hospitable to people like me. #gencon2015
Also as far as GenCon/IN goes, I wouldn't be surprised if they actually cancelled the event. One could hope, honestly.
Even not knowing/assuming who is in the iron man suit, white characters are the minority in this team. Holy shit.
Ooh hey, looks like my speculation in yesterday's article was right on the money. Miles Morales in the Avengers!
@ShaunGreiner watching oj do slapstick is...kinda creepy.
Waiting for you know who to come home. #corgi 
(Except for a substory that involves Very Poor Choices that happened in High School.)
I vaguely remember having this discussion before, but while my characters are queer, the story does not expressively revolve around that.
Ah, here comes the difficult part: Do I put on my comic card that it's a queer comic or not?
Also I realized right after writing that the Avengers image is totally amping up for Miles Morales PLEASE LET IT BE TRUE.

Retcons and Reboots for Everyone! 
TL;DR, I'm not pulling these claims out of my ass. Well, aside from the speculative comments I make personally.
But I'd rather go back in and link people to where they can read more on these things than not link at all.
I found that if I cover a broad range of things happening In Comics I tend to write more. Drawback: going and sourcing articles on topics.
@zdarsky @kevinwada Jesus christ you work fast.
Hey @ShaunGreiner we're getting a dog park on our street(ish) this summer.
Who's soul do I have to sell to go to a friend's wedding in Oregon? ...and potentially apply for jobs.
In a completely random sidetrack, I'm going to research working prosthetics for dogs and humans today. Designing a werewolf.
I think I need to start keeping the coffee pot going during the day.
I'm hitting that tired slump after eating. Bloody hell, what is up with that?
(Well, just one in particular reached out to bash a bible thumper on the head, but yeah, it made me happy.)
@BugMartini Dude, try picarto. No ads on the channel or anything.
I follow a lot of their fellow lpers and I was INSANELY happy to see them jumping to their defense when the usual idiots came in.
I spent a little bit of time looking up a LP'ers twitter because I heard they had come out.

If you're afraid of that, I can't help you.
Also, NEW COMIC ARTICLE TOMORROW. Taking votes for a new title for the column too, after so long I can't keep that name. Bah.
I have just enough time tonight to work on my business card before I pass out. Or I could tempt the fates with another redbull...
Also if people would cosplay my characters - and maybe see a little of themselves in a few - that would just be awesome.
Fyi, not that people are askin', but my "goal" is to support myself with my work.
@ryanestrada I realized this when I joined a website about "breaking in." I'm doing what I want to do, I just haven't gotten to my goal yet.
Trying to keep distractions to a bloody minimum. Just because I (temporarily) don't have a weekly schedule doesn't mean space out all over.
Feel like I've been having kind of a weird week so far. BF is working earlier hours than me, been having an absolute awful time with focus.
.Super Troopers 2" could actually happen! Broken Lizard announce they'll crowdfund the sequel  
@cypheroftyr Sending digital hugs!
@GailSimone I know we're all joking but I would seriously love to see a book where one of the female bat-family took over instead of Dick.
@GailSimone We gotta keep guys around.To be fridged and stuff.And Billy and Teddy are a great couple. #thisiswhatguysfear #amidoingthisright
@markiplier good lord, your mom is amazing. Hope you recover quickly!
I want to do an article for #INeedDiverseGames but I'm not sure what to do it on. Also need to update the columnblog.
Greek yogurt + peanut butter does not equal cookie dough. Goddamnit Pinterest.
Monday morning! Chapter END! 
Also got some quick ideas down for another piece. Lots of punk stuff with that one.
SUPER jazzed about some pages I'm working on to submit to @NechamaFrier 's VERTOSCOPE. This is awesome!



You will crumble before the Browncoats! Oh, and f…
@sfemonster Oh no no no, Page! Page would probably work better.
@sfemonster Henchman?
Now I'm gonna go hide and draw thumbnails for the rest of the day. If I can get the dog to move so I can have my sketchbook.
Been working on a little somethin' somethin' for a few weeks from now:  
I am so tired today. I think it's mostly a lack of vitamin D, I'm actually sleeping well lately.
I missed a good smackdown from @crosberg this morning on twitter. Sadface.
My three day pass for C2E2 came in finally! Now I can feel like it's actually happening.
Hey @markiplier, you ever watch Steven Universe?
I just had a weird thought.
 Show starts at 6
but if you you must be availble at 5.
No pay. (posted at 12:41pm)
@MatthewForcum All good! thanks for responding.
@MatthewForcum Also if she's in second grade, it'd work. I think that's the earliest they can accept. 
@MatthewForcum It's run by the "founder" of this omega con and the guy they're throwing under the bus.
@MatthewForcum Also completely off said topic but I'm helping with a lego robotics course for kids, would your daughter be interested?
@MatthewForcum I saw earlier! It keeps getting better though. Their claim of not knowing Scott's background - 
I think people are lucky that this didn't turn into dashcon 2.0.
@choochoobear I saw a list for the dudes from Supernatural, and Tom Hiddleston and Ryan Renolds.
What the hell did I miss in the comics world this morning?
@ghostbun if you think it fits, then it fits. &lt;3
@ghostbun have you thought about demigender? Specifically, demigirl?
@hrtbrokentweets @filthyfigments how big are these  thumbs? I have so much trouble when I try to cram them in tight.
Crappy Paneling in the bathroom hides SO many holes. The joys of owning a house.
Monday! Stacked Hand Update! 
Help, I've gotten sucked into DA:O and it's all the blogs I follow's fault.
Oh hi Allister. You're amusing.
...And I feel like the last person in the world to get an origin account.

GAIL SIMONE IS GOING TO BE AT @C2E2 

YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA…
Also, letting myself take a day to rest for once.
I am playing da origins today because I wanna see if the rest of the series is worth it.
I marathoned Steven Universe in three days NOW WHAT DO I DO.
@KalelData imaging coming across that phase as a kid. I found that buried in my dad's comic collection. It's so...buuuh.
Only Puck is crazy enough to leap out of a moving cart &amp; act like nothing 
Kickstarter Roundup – March 
I've seen the first season and a half of Jojo but WHAT IS THIS?
Watching Stardust Crusaders and WHAT THE HOLY HELL IS THIS STUFF.
And dudes, don't start. I had the glow in the dark ghostbusters bedspread as a kid. Was my freakin' favorite.
Is it bad that I'm more upset the Russo Brothers are tagged to this all-male ghostbusters wank?These 2 gave me hope for Marvel Movie future.
Somehow, not terribly surprised that Vinny from VineSauce has an otamatone.
There will be a brief hiatus with updates after the end of chapter one, just for some touch ups that need to happen before chapter two.
I'm spacing out like it's a Monday. Can't believe I'm so close to the end of my first chapter.
So does this mean I get one of those new Apple laptops? 
Monday! Time for a new Stacked Hand update! 
Only when working on paperwork do ALL of my pens not want to cooperate. Five minutes away from breaking out the brush pen to finish this.
I just saw a photo of my teenage cousin wearing clothes almost identical to the ones I interviewed in. Unsure of wether to laugh or cry.
Teaaaaacher training. Good way to start the day.
I will still use manga studio for a lot of things, but the web tools really helped with getting pages just right.
It took awhile (and @Shaungreiner 's help) but I'm downloading Photoshop yet again.
CALLED IT. #FNAF3
Things like the phone call that I just had make me /very/ happy that there are other people out there who are involved in similar passions.
Emily Carroll's "Through the Woods" is super creepy. I love it a LOT.
@BrittneySabo Used to be every day.
SpringTrap is a good name for a psychotic animatronic. Er, maybe I should put "animatronic" in quotation marks.
I am insanely happy that a bunch of female creators are getting hired on at Marvel.
@LCSValkyries Bucky!Cap costume hoodie. Failing that, MCU Falcon Hoodie.
Oooh it sounds like @C2E2 passes are arriving this week.

*cuts to religious text from ancient Mesopotamia dated to the 3/2nd millennium BCE* 
@HannahCarbons All the punks! All of them!
And I just got an Amex card too for the specific reason of costo. [sad laughter]
New Stacked Hand Comic! 
In related news, Lukas's home is looking soooo good.
Translation: "why are my hands shaking OH YEAH I'm supposed to eat right now, aren't I?"
Welcome to today's edition of "getting so caught up in 3D modeling that you forget to do things." I'm your host, Jes.
Back to trying to touch up this hair. Really, really really hope that this round goes alright.
Oh wow. 
Con-Hopping 2015! 
Nooooo Mister Spock. This blows. This blows. 
Alright, alright, I'm trying hootsuite finally. I missed my tweetdeck with FB integration.
I should do something, but at the same time, it's late and I've been working all day. Weeeeeeeeeh.
Mrf. I hate that strange exhaustion after everything. Part of me thinks it's cutting back on caffeine. Suck.
Random Mouse dead in the middle of the basement. Well, that's lovely.
@saint_giga can't sleep, just draw. And draw, and draw....
@saint_giga it's a form of acid reflux. Hence the caffeine cutback.and it's worse when I'm sleeping.
@saint_giga until the cough I've had for the last six months goes away, at least. Still cradling energy drinks.
I hate trying to cut back on caffeine. For the time being, at least. Bluuuh.
@mradamjack Hey, you folks'll be at C2E2! That's awesome!
7 Ways to Lovingly Support Your Gender Non-Binary Partner 
Still need to touch up tomorrow. Feeling pretty good. #self 
Slightly new hair. 
"@ZackSnyder: There is only one true King. #unitetheseven 
<VIDEO GAME><PURPLE HEART>
help young girls realize the industry is not scary &amp; not actually full of men shouting "go home g…
Things I think about while driving: few people can go by the first name Spider without sounding trailer park trash. Spider Zombie, maybe.
So terribly cold. This weather can stop now.
I have an arm for my tablet now. It gives me space for my keyboard but I'm still in the air about the height.
Finding it hard to keep focus today.  Wonder if it's me getting used to my newer setup.
The 2015 Webcomicker's Market - 
Stupid anxiety makes me think that chest pains are another blood clot. Yippee.
Today, I reeeeeeally need to get back into pages. It's always a bummer right after conventions.
Gender is performative.
Mass-market romance,
Is heteronormative. ~Stefanie Gray aka @sfgnyc
I need a haircut.
@GailSimone pleeeease say something. That's just....ugh. awful.
....Damn Zuulda, you scary.
I don't think we're really celebrating the holiday, merely using it as an excuse to eat sweets and ignore our collective responsibilities.
Spending the day training new amiibos. So far Zuulda and Green Mario are evenly matched.
at a con yesterday with @gccladiesnight. Felt appropriate to draw a Carol. #captainmarvel #carolcorps… 
"@Borderlands: You are the UNCE UNCE to my WUB WUB WUB Fan-made #WUBAGRAMS 
It was really awesome to get to meet a lot of the @GCCLadiesNight crew in a more personal way today. Great seeing everyone!!!
I fangirled at Margaret Weiss a little harder than I meant to. Oops.
@JillPantozzi @Guardians @DaveBautista he falls under the "I didn't know I wanted to see this until now."
@JillPantozzi @Guardians @DaveBautista I am suddenly very happy about a highlander reboot now.
Everyone go follow @gogomonimon, she finally got a Twitter.
Lukas has conquered the mighty Corgbeast! #corgi 
I swear, license plate stickers have the WORST adhesive ever.
Can't sleep [maniacal laughter] 
I have to keep reminding myself that I'm up this side of a sunrise because I went to bed at nine last night.
Render render render. #zombieart #wip 
Howling commandos wing. Full pics to Come! 
If my laptop ever dies again, screw it, I'll get a cintiq companion. Traveling, sick and main tablet? I can get behind it.
Sketching practice. Thinking of turning it into a print. #zombieart #sketch 
I'm going to turn most of the sketches into full pieces at a later date. That spade design is, most likely, going to be business card 2015.
@emcguirestudio I see a lot of comic artists actually using tumblr as their main portfolio site.
I've been doing a lot of traditional sketching this week. Mostly because I couldn't sit up at my desk for very long.
Doodling an uncommon dragon hoard for myself: tea! #zombieart #dragon #adagio 
Having a serious bout of asthma for several months sucks. Energy has been low no matter how well I eat or sleep.
Snowed in. Working on cards, con prep and all other sorts of OH GOD WHY DIDN'T I DO THIS EARLIER.
@sporkbot @Lintufriikki oh no! Not you too! I marathoned the first one in less than a week.
Working on a new card design. For multiple things. #stackedhand #webcomic #zombieart 
Not one of my better looks. #sick 
@babsdraws mine would mostly be knife stabbing.
Going to promptcare in the morning. Running bets on whether it's chronic bronchitis, or walking pneumonia.
Streaming some comic work! Come join if you want~ 
Through a week of weird sleep, this buddy has been by my side constantly. #corgi 
EVERYTHING IS BLURRY damnit.
Hate hate hate the eye dilation stuff. Just makes me wanna sleep.
Also, doesnt matter what kind of day I'm having, you compliment my hair and I'll beam through the rest of the day.
There's a gmod map that's the 1988 Clue map.
Baking in the kitchen with @adagiostate and @ohcararara! Chai muffins based around her "stars and… 
Once more for the evening crew, Stacked Hand Update! 
Stacked Hand had an update! 
Doing some late night character Streams - stop on by!  
Still streaming later.
Came to the realization tonight that the last time I worked on solid rough draft scripting was about a year ago.
#WhyIReadComics I learned to read by reading the Infinity Wars, Green Arrow and Adam Warlock among many others. Now, I make comics.
@Tiyuri I was going to ask if this is in junction with the previous tweet. I do comics: 
The Lady In Red 
Still streaming! 
Figured Everything Out. Come watch! 
Oh wow. Spidey's gonna be in the Infinity War.
Just thinking. Open musing, mostly.
I wonder if marvels subscription service in their 9/month all the comics deal is patented...
If you like what you see, check out my patreon! Maybe throw a few dollars my way. &lt;3 
Hey gang, another page posted today! 
Woohoo! Submitted to @GCCLadiesNight anthology! Now to play the waiting game #panic
If you like the comic, I'd really appreciate it if you checked out my @Patreon: 
Monday morning! Get your Stacked Hand fix! 
Freezing my collective bits running errands before getting back to working this weekend.
@red_stylo Oh you all are SUPER awesome! Thanks!
argh, I forgot to add what types of art I'm cool with doing as a part of my query for @red_stylo's new anthology. Crap crap crap.
Heated blanket, mitts, mini heater...yeah, 's winter. Curled up working on pages.
Having a frustrating time with work. Calling it quits for tonight.
I may or may not be working on my @gccladiesnight art submission right now. Shiny! 
New day, new post! Doing weekly comics now! 
Really digging how the side turned out. Love the stitched up look! #knitting 
Oh! Addendum to the resolution tweet: DRAW MORE FREAKING HANDS. Jesus christ draw more.
I can stop putting off sketching long enough to finish this page, right? ....right?
@elielcruz Sounds like they missed the point entirely.
Also pimp the hell out of some webcomics.
This year: drop Fat Percent by 10%, get mini comic published, get first chapter published of my comic.
Time Skip 
Caffeinated Zombie 
Happy New years! I'll be spending my last night working on my schedule for next month. Self employment, Woohoo!
Spending the day cleaning and setting up tech. Then back to work!
@EiffelArt niiice.
Translation: I'm exhausted and I can't. Friggin. Sleep.
Since I've been coughing so badly the last couple of weeks, my neck feels almost as bad as it did after the accident.

gabe newell takes stage

Half Life logo

*crowd explodes*

"Valve is pleased to announce"

"Telltale Games: Tal…
Gee, 's awful nice that Ameren let us know when they were coming out to replace things.
Yes, welcome to my winter: where there's a five percent chance I'm not in the middle of getting over something.
Sorry I wasn't at 1 mil this morning, been trying to catch up on work since I've been so sick.

Great interview w @Iron_Spike on indie comics.

@AbbyGettys You are very welcome!

Thanks all for coming out to the stream! I'll be doing another one tonight at 6pm CST!
Streaming now! 
Also @AbbyGettys the site I mentioned is 
Hello all! Starting at 1pm CST today I'm gonna be streaming arts! Bookmark the page and join in! 
@AbbyGettys 
@BugMartini @MatthewForcum it's from cards against humanity, isn't it?
Researching Alphonse Mucha's painting style for a stream tomorrow. I am so excited that I finally get to color this piece. Sooooo Excited.
Hey peeps. Gonna stream not once, but TWICE tomorrow! deets to follow.
@elielcruz Not always a bad thing as long as that's not the only thing. Whatever helps to reiterate that you have a background on your talk!
@elielcruz the problem of quite a few creatives, I think. I'm not great at it either.
This must be the week of being perpetually tired and cold. I could very much do without that.
@typhlotictiger I usually am, if they're interested send 'em my way.
New comic update! 
Corg and the bean sprout. #corgi 
It should not take me an hour to go under ten miles to get home. I do not live in Chicago, this kind of traffic is worthless.
Fuck Fillippe's.
@TiredFairy 's tweets about creators in the comic industry are on point.
@korybing ate you looking for wtf horror? Watched one on Netflix a little while ago, Zonbi Asu, more WTF than anything.
@Iron_Spike it happens. I'm just glad I checked. Was getting nervous.
Hey folks, I just reviewed @kateleth's podcast @LTLCast! 
As a comic artist and a comic fan.....why. Benedict Cumberbatch, while a good actor, has reached market oversaturation.
Hey folks! starting work on wrapping up page 20 in ten!  
Chapter two, I think, is going to have a hell of a lot more in the way of style. I'm getting used to things very slowly.
Catching up on comics podcasts and listening to @kateleth's episode with @babsdraws. Always makes me psyched to work on my own stuff.
Streaming at four thirty pm CST on Thursday! Spread it around, tell your friends.
Morning coffee and @1MillionCupsPIA.
If I do end up streaming, it's gonna end up being late. Just incredibly tired today.
Another attempt at a stream sometime tonight. This time, hopefully, with music!
Felt like I was going pretty strong yesterday, now I feel sluggish today. Still, I'm getting a hell of a lot faster, productivity wise.
First Stream!: 

I'm following so many comic peoples now that I might actually have to try to list people again just to keep them all sorted.
@mattfraction Woah wait 's your birthday? Hope you've been having a good one.
Learn to make comics, I said. It'll teach you perspective, I said. #GluttonForPunishment
Hey freaks and weirdos, I'm going to be livestreaming some art goodness tonight around 5pm CST. Links to Come.
Hey tweeps! I'm looking into Livestreaming my #art . What's a good platform for it? What d'you folks prefer? #comics, #webcomics
@tancursi @ShaunGreiner Don't lie, you awww'd at it.
@ShaunGreiner You dork. &lt;3 I'mma miss you too. (she tweets from the next room)
@ryanestrada I will probably make a slight change anyway come sunrise. Driving the bf to airport bright and early. Thanks for being cool!
@ryanestrada You are too awesome, my good sir.
@ryanestrada Oops. Could've sworn I saw it on the site. Want me to change it?
@kendrawcandraw digging the pink.
@Iron_Spike &lt;3! Love to help out!
hey! I wrote an article about @Iron_Spike 's latest kickstarter project! Go check it out 
Yup, still purple. 
@gunnerkrigg I just woke up, but do you usually do music with your streams? Trying to start doing streams myself but not sure what to use.
Mmmmh, coffee.
New comic this week! 
One year obligatory photo comparison! I love our corgi.@ShaunGreiner 
Well, holiday. I't probably the purple hair. Gotta be.
Oh man, it's been a few years since I got caught by the "MUST MAKE CHRISTMAS TWITTER ICON."

Please RT
I just realized, one year ago today my boyfriend and I drove three hours each way to pick up our corgi, Puck. A year. Wow.
My right hand feels like it's ready to snap off. That's what happens when I decide to do knitting for my gifts this year.
All of my main characters in my comic are queer and I couldn't be happier.
Purple hair. #purple 
I should probably go back and start on my habit rpg again to see if that'll help with productivity.
Hey! Artistic Streaming Peoples! I'm having a hard time with my audio setup. Can anyone help? #art #LiveStreaming #Audio
This week's sketch is Dominic from Stacked Hand in honor of #Transweek. Better late than never! 
I seriously, seriously hate sickness. Climb out a little, backside a ton. Just call me Pre-Serum Steve.
I've gotten healthier, but going out and doing things quickly exhausts me. Guess I'm still sick.
Figures. I come out to a meeting for the first time in a month, it's an old professor.
But god, not both at the same time.
I think I can say this after a year: I really, really love my dog and could consider myself both a dog and cat person...
Just updated for the $5 tier backers! 
@korybing I'm very very happy for you! Going to therapy was actually what encouraged me to finally push and do comics.
My dog now has a perfect perch next to my desk that he can get attention from. My god, what have I done.
alright, here's the actual review: 
@WasntThereAgain @FindChaos You are more than welcome!
I wrote a small review of Chaos Life, and I swear I was following both of their creators. Go Follow @FindChaos and @WasntThereAgain!
Hey! Hey! Everyone! Remember Poorcraft? They're doing one on traveling now! Go back it! 
Urgh. Not feeling as healthy as I'd like to right now. Thinking it's time for a small break then back to penciling.
So, I'm keeping the purple hair. That's apparently a thing.
....or rather, that I caught my twitter feed mentioning it. Yeah. No shame.
I still have time to do a sketch in honor of #transweek! I'm actually pysched I remembered this year.
Hey folks! A friend has a #LGBTQIA / #MOGAI pattern on ravelry and they want ideas on a charity to donate the pattern funds to. Thoughts?
Had a nightmare that I did next week's page traditionally and was screwing up all of the inks and it was barely legible. Brush and all.
Interested in seeing weekly sketches, concept art from Stacked Hand? Check out my Patreon!   
Stacked Hand just updated! 
I'm...gonna try working on my comic proposals. I really want to submit to a couple anthologies within the next year.
Hey gang, I'd really love it if you guys spread the word about my Patreon page! 
Three days. I should probably stop for a little bit. 
@GassyMexican without a beard looks like Markaplier. And I am so so sorry.
I think I just made my grandma's life telling her I picked up knitting so damn quick.
Lesson learned. Styrofoam gravestones are not the best for a windy Halloween.
Doing freehanded backgrounds for the first time on Stacked Hand. This is why I do 3D backgrounds.
Y'know, I thought the dog would be the worst thing to happen to our Halloween decorations. Turns out it's wind. Whelp.
In a separate storyline, what's everyone's opinion on hand lettering?
Last tweet on the Doctor Strange thing: Final Talks. Final Talks. That means nothing's been signed yet. At. All. And hopefully won't be.
Plus, Oded Fehr is still the Doctor Strange in my head.
I'm sure he's a damn fine actor, but his pervasive presence in every freaking facet of nerd culture right now has made me sick of him.
I just saw yet another article claiming that Benedict Cumberbatch is still in talks with Marvel on Doc Strange. Just...no. No.
I made a hat. Woo. 
Ah I just wanted to see the wings. I would've loved it. Instead, more sexy marvel costumes than I could shake a stick at.
Hey, Halloween shops, the point of having a falcon costume this year is to actually stock the goddamn thing.
Artwork day today. Been doing a mini vacation with the boyfriend. So far, a lot of gaming.
Spending some quality time with my family and trying not to think about ridding our house of fleas tonight.

Which apparently means that I need to tweet the word “FOCUSING”.

And now feels sort of contradictory and dirty.
…
@gccomics time traveling third print from the future! (Spooky finger waving)
Thinking about doing @StartupPeoria 's Startup Weekend next month. Need to do a little more research first on my idea.
Angry Nerd Rants. Angry Nerd Rants everywhere.
New Comic Update! I'm sorry if it takes awhile to load, getting the kinks out of software again. 
Page Done Page Done I LOVE when I get pages done!
@dadbee123 is my favorite Mindcracker.
Whoops I got sidetracked because I found @dadbee123 's twitter account.
One more energy drink wouldn't hurt. #FamousLastWords
I should be finishing artwork but instead I'm being an adult today. Kind of. Wish this office had Wi-Fi.
All tired after walking the dog. Dinner and coffee?(maybe) in that order.

Every $1 &amp; Retweet Helps! 


In the meantime, folks, check out my comic and support it on @Patreon! 
I'd be at @1MillionCupsPIA , but I'm trying not to be a plague monkey.
Hey gang! In the process of relaunching my @Patreon, check it out! 

Pie for breakfast. Sorry not sorry.
@YouTubeAnderZEL Hey, a suggestion for the Autumn Depression - Can you get a daylight lamp? Know it's weird, friend in Oregon swears by 'em!
The thing about changing display names for Halloween is I'M ALWAYS ACTING LIKE IT'S HALLOWEEN.
Someone's not terribly happy about the vet visit right now. 
Ah wow my stuff actually looks...Pretty Damn awesome in print! 
TGIFF. Midnight Moon Apple pie and ginger ale. @ Kellehers On Water 
@TheMarySue Wait, going to cons WASN'T about the social experience to begin with? Silly me! It's not about the panels, it's about the SWAG.

Remember that I do actually have an audience for my work, and that they make awesome things in return. #BGSD @kellysue
Nap time. 
Eh, Cold Coffee is just as good as regular coffee.
Which is what this fresh pot of coffee is doing sitting next to me, I suppose.
I love going to the Wednesday morning meetings but I always feel like I crash by this time every time.
The creator of Facet and Nerds on Call speaking at @1millioncupsPIA! 
@colleenkimball you mean this one? 

@GCCLadiesNight hey thanks!
Anyone got photos from @GCCLadiesNight release party?
Someone was happy for Shaun to get home! 
New page update over at Stacked Hand! 
I love when an effect that I've been working on for several hours suddenly looks right after five minutes of screwing with it. No, Really.
Cheers to good taste with stars and stripes by @AdagioTeas ! 
@CantTalkMedia I use PocketCast for mobile. Still trying to settle on a desktop player.
Also I...really need to make a card with my tumblr on it.
It was great meeting everyone at @GCCLadiesNight's release party this weekend! So many nice people! Awesome to see!
I feel like I'm one bottle of holy water away from looking like a Supernatural hunter today.
@sfemonster You are very welcome! Love reading your stuff, can't wait for the Beyond Anthology to come out! I wanna review it too!
Either that or I just look like I know what I'm doing.
I have come to the conclusion that for femme geeks Cardigan sweaters are what business jackets are to screen printed shirts.
@theisb I had a Phil Coulson account that got somewhere around thirty different Lokis a Day after Avengers.
Let me try this again and tag the creator properly: I review Eth's Skin by @sfemonster : 
I'll be at @GCcomics this weekend for @GCCLadiesNight's release party! Hope to see you there!
New Review Out Today! 
I am planning on attempting to caffeinate myself for the rest of the day. Not sure if this is a good thing but I am missing so much sleep.
This is why your Internet is slow. And it’ll get worse. Unless you take 1 min to do this, now. 
New(er) color. 
Bbq explosion on my shirt. Adventures in cooking.
Problem I don't have a problem I can quit anytime. #marvel #captainamerica 
I kind of want to get another grid moleskine for thumbnailing projects out. Since I already seem to redo my thumbs with each page.
I should probably make a twitter account for the comic, shouldn't I.
@KateDrawsComics @korybing Ah. Okay! Figured I'd ask the dumb questions anyway.
@korybing @katedrawscomics I'd message the guy who designed it, if it's something wrong with the plugin (or his themes) he'd wanna know.
@BrittneySabo @korybing I would suggest @mgsisk's webcomic plugin along with his compatible themes if you've got the time for it.
@korybing @BrittneySabo What do you guys actually use? I've been using Archimedes/Webcomic and it's going fine with everything updated.
Wait I was looking up things how the hell did I get on here.
- swap meet and while they're ate a few titles I'd outright keep, I'd read a hell of a lot more comics if there was a viable model.
But you pay a monthly sub and get maybe x amount of titles you can keep in your library. We're moving away from the collector item -
I just had the weirdest idea. Why don't we have a Spotify like program for the big publisher comics? Not like the digital comics currently.
Morning tea. What do you mean, it's noon? Sssh.
Whoops. I'm falling on my face due to a sudden wave of tiredness. Really thinking about getting more deathwish coffee again.
@korybing Little Column A, Little Column B.
Feeshy feeshy feesh.
I'm thinkin sushi today for lunch. Provided I don't feel terrible about the hair.
@syobonaction Now this, this sounds like an interesting story.
I think I went for an undercut overkill yesterday. Related news, I think I've seen my original color for the first time in nearly 10 years.
Good day? Good day. #marvel 
I am planning on putting together an article about WizWorld Chicago when i get done with this weekend. Super Excited!
Oh good lord, I didn't even see that someone wrote this. It didn't show up til December of that year. Pics were May.  
Did you miss it? Stacked Hand is back with all new updates! 
I love my Yiynova tablet monitor like mad, but it's not exactly conducive to travel very much. That's why I have my Intuos4 still.
So, in a random attempt last night I installed Intuos drivers again. Both that and my Yiynova tablet work just fine right now. Imagine that.
@korybing You are very welcome! Keep up the awesome stuff!
I want my undercut back badly and the weather is doing it's best to convince me that's a good thing.
This week I review @korybing 's comic Skin Deep on Thought Bubble! 
Passion and willingness to try = crucial to success.As long as you have conviction you can follow through.Networking too.  @1MillionCupsPIA
That last photo was really blurry.
Listening to @CleaningAccra at @1MillionCupsPIA 's new location! 
@korybing that's what I thought! I was going to add it, but I wanted to make sure. Thanks! I'll send you a link!
Hey @korybing, I'm writing a webcomic review and wanted to know, when was it that you were a part of the Kickstarter booth at a con?
Hey! Long time no see! Have a comic update: 
New businesses cards. Aww yiss. 

@ShaunGreiner just returns an access denied page. Thinking about just switching to a static hey, you can find me here page.
@ShaunGreiner Buzzword overkill today?
@ToddRinker you are very welcome!
@ToddRinker That is downright amazing sir, and a wonderful inspiration.
I also apologize for anyone that's tried to contact me through my portfolio site. Apparently the form I made is broken. Whoops.
@ToddRinker Holy crud this is amazing what is this.
Nope, looks like I slept wrong on my neck. Hello headache, was nice of you to wait til lunch.
I'm not sure if the headache is from not enough caffeine and sugar or too much, but it's too early in to tell. Better flip a coin.
Planning on doing some thumbnails for some prints this evening. Attempting to do what I can, woohoo.
Robin Williams and Why Funny People Kill Themselves 
Small news post over at 
New Thought Bubble update! 
Got another Thought Bubble article coming at you soon! Stay tuned for it to drop today, peoples.
I wish this cup of TeaFriendsForever by @AdagioTeas would never end 
Stacked hand will resume updating next week. Sorry for the sudden delay, things just kind of blew up.
Morning people. I think it's time to get back on track for projects.
@ECHOcasts @sheanam made those!
@KilotheMonster @korybing I'd file this article under "how the hell did you get past the editor."
@korybing I...uh...what the hell did I just read?
Aaaand slap a bow on it, I am done. Will be offering it as a print when the zine comes out!
So close to having this thing done. So. Damn. Close. 
Best of luck to my friends running the @StartupPeoria booth today at #ignitepeoria! I'd come join but deadline's loomin over my head today.
I gotta say, this piece is probably the most complicated thing I've done in awhile. That being said, I'm glad I'm nearly finished with it.
@korybing Just...on your comic site? why? /why?/
I feel really bad for my dog right now, though. Been so hell bent on working on this that I haven't been able to take him out very much.
Alright. Home Stretch. Let's Do this.
@MarshallJulius Aha, figures. Looked neat n'shiny enough - promo for Agents of SHIELD, right? Thanks!
@MarshallJulius I have a mighty need for such a thing. I've seen cards like that before - where'd you get the wallet from?
INKING IS DONE oh god color oh god what do.
Didn't have that a few years ago when I was weightlifting. Not that I remember, anyway. Oh well, back to trying not to procrastinate.
The one thing I've noticed since working out regularly again is appetite's cranked way the hell down for portion but up for frequency. WTF?


@korybing @brittneysabo Here lies Kory Bing. Cause of Death: ...oh wait, you just did this joke.
... perfect. RT @korybing: 
Enough monitors? 
And Puck is afraid of umbrellas. Great. My fierce little attack Corg, y'all.
Need to eat, should eat healthy but rushing to get this damn thing done. Hell, I feel like I'm in college all over again.
It's the kind of morning where I know I should be working already but I'm debating on getting all of my errands out of the way first.
Pot of coffee, lots of creamer, c'mon, let's get this damn thing inked!
Crap. My dog knows what the phrase "Going to see your friends," means. He started whining and sulking already.
(I'm inking. My train of thought is still in the same place.)
Portable illustration scanner for tutoring and commissions at cons. Portable CC scanner because I probably need one anyway.
@ShaunGreiner Honestly, will probably need the one for credit cards before I need the one for illustrations. Need to talk to people.
I...really kind of want a portable scanner right now. No particular reason other than travel/future con things.
@bigbigtruck She got shortchanged, I think, her story was massively truncated in the movie.
@Iron_Spike maybe because he's not being portrayed as blindly believing in the folks in power? That's my theory. Also the actor eye candy.
A smartphone repair store, especially today, needs to have a quick turnaround time on repairs. So many people telecommute using that tech.
I would still say there's a need for entertainment in Peoria, but hell, that's just the introvert in me talking.
Hey @WizardWorld , when are the photo op schedules for WizWorldChicago going to be posted? Some of us really need to know! Thanks!
@Veitstanz Awesome! Figured you did, but there are SO MANY MORE and they are just. So wonderful.
Latest birthday present to myself ever. #wintersoldier #funkopop #marvel 
@Veitstanz I know it sounds completely weird, but I absolutely love the "Close and fill" paint tool. Check out @FRENDEN and his brushes.
@Veitstanz which one did you get, MS5? It takes some getting used to but I've been using it as my primary ever since.
Though Supernatural and Constantine do have something in common aside from character design. #BiBlazer
@EvaMcBain2009 No harm done, hon. No harm done.
@EvaMcBain2009 Well gee, I figured. Gosh.
@jarpad @TheOrlandoJones Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought Cas's look was based on Constantine?
Front of my business card is my new avatar. I'm cool with that.
I need to start working in my print, self. It's not gonna get done if I just stare at it.
Found old footage of a certain professor yelling "I am the devil" at the camera. College flashbacks.
supposed to be working on a print. Working on new business cards instead. At least it's the weekend?
Damn, Guardians of the Galaxy, why you so awesome. #YoureWelcome
Currently drinking Steve Rogers Blend tea from @AdagioTeas 
#wip of a print for the #brooklynfanzine! Damn Bucky, your outfit is...really complicated. 
Metal arms and tactical gear are the names of the drawing game today. Appropriate stormy wastewater outside, too!
Someone's happy after their walk! #corgi #puppy 
Currently drinking TeaFriendsForever tea from @AdagioTeas  
caffeine boost from this morning is starting to fail. Probably because I haven't eaten yet. Bad Zombie, bad.
@1MillionCupsPIA not my fault that FB links in Twitter on mobile won't launch the Twitter app! #diditanyway
@1MillionCupsPIA just did. You caught me!
Plus, getting to look into some more local ish comic creators in the state. Definitely  worth getting up early.
Met and talked to a bunch of wonderful women at @StartupPeoria's Women in Technology breakfast. Worth getting up the extra hour early.
Hey gang, @TheNestCowork is having an open house on First Friday this week! Stop by and check an awesome space out!

Flat tire will teach me for going out to the real world.
@skottieyoung I'm less than two blocks from where it's built in around my town. They're waiting to build into my area; it's been 1 year.
I've got another idea for a comic. Bloody hell I need to start writing these things down.
Puck At The Dog Park!: 
Took the dog to the dog park for the first time. Holy crap that dog can run.
That moment when you realize you really need to go looking up WW2-era handguns on the Allied side. INTERNET HO!
And NOW they finally mention that Sebastian and Anthony are going to be at wizworld Chicago. Fie and damn and such.
No comic this week. Partially because of illness, partially because it takes my host's pages ten minutes to load anything.
Been sick this weekend. Comic will be late.
The winter soldier goggleless funko is back in stock, but I already preordered it cheap...instant gratification y'all.

A professional can be DEPENDED on to deliver professio…
I'm honestly flattered. Thank you!
I'm getting a decidedly large amount of new followers, several who have worked for favorite publishers. So. Uhm. Hi!
I just feel frayed today. Ugh.
Finally had that moment as a dog owner where trying to bathe the dog ended with me more drenched than him. At least he's clean now.
Don't be afraid to barter as a small business! @1MillionCupsPIA @StartupPeoria
So Thor changes in October...Cap is passing his mantle in the same month. Stark gonna give the keys to Pepper? Please?
The glue on the back of my patch started to wear off. Crappy sewing job to the rescue! 
...okay, I can get behind this: 
@dauntdraws wait. There's a SHARKNADO?
@dauntdraws Which ones? I was the same til I saw the goggle-less Winter Soldier.
Another copics practice. Slowly getting the hang of this. 
I wrote a comic review on The Muse Mentor! Check it out: 
It feels great to be home after such a long weekend. I had a lot of fun, though.
My charms from @ohcararara  found a home on my laptop bag. They're so cute! 
Might have gotten a little overzealous with the cake! Congrats you two! #jordanandjessica 
So. Much. Pink. #jordanandjessica
Riding towards @derschwigg 's wedding. This isn't the longest car trip I've been on but it's the shortest my attention has been. Potato.
When you go through school you just (hopefully) improve it.
I need a new icon. And background. And a lot of other things.
Oh Stan, No: Stan Lee's latest rant goes against giving comic creators credit appearances in films - 
@TimOfLegend do you think that you're going to be doing another run of those when the remake is finished?

I love getting back into buying comics again. Brings back some found childhood memories.
Ta....da? 
Hey all! Got a comic update right here! 
Inking and, later, copic practice. #wintersoldier 
Hey all, comic update! 
Just finally got the start of @brubaker's Capitan America run. Excited to re-read through the series and get the issues I missed.
One of my favorite places to eat, and a perfect day for it too. #kellehers 
@Venikins not sure I'd recommend the seasonings for the salmon, but the other I cooked in a little butter.
Siracha and cilantro salmon with rosemary and sea salt asparagus. 
Oh American system of governmental checks and balances, you so broken.
I...May be doing a #Hawkeye theme to my #sca garb. Sorry not sorry. 
Awesome workout shirt came in the mail today! #marvel #onyourleft 
Got out of bed to my knees wanting to buckle. Yup, fun morning.
Also good lord I forgot how weak you feel after weightlifting. Tomorrow's going to be fun. Ahaha. Ha.
I tried @ohcararara 's Bucky Barnes and Steve Rogers teas together. Still undecided, but I love both of them separately from @AdagioTeas .

Need more caffeine. So much more caffeine.
New Tattoo 
Dog is out getting groomed. Hopefully the next three hours will be productive and sushi filled.
@1millioncupsPIA and @cashlessclass's Randon Gettys talking about @thenestcowork! 
Love the variety of people here at @1MillionCupsPIA !
@NechamaFrier but of course. The smiling face carries the poisoned dagger and all that. :)
@NechamaFrier The shy hand clasped behind their back has the knife, right?
I am not quite ready to try faking being a morning person just yet. Maybe soon. Not tomorrow, that's for certain.
Savoring some vanilla oolong tea from @AdagioTeas  
New tshirt! #winterschildren #winter soldier 
@syobonaction judging you anyway.
Lazy, slightly ill Sunday. #corgi 
After finally starting up The Wolf Among Us, I can finally say that there is a resemblance between Bigby and Lukas. And that's kinda cool.
Days like today make me wish that Peoria had a Seattle weather climate. Yeesh.
Good lord, this tastes like a warm cookie -  Bucky Barnes tea from @AdagioTeas  
After next week's update this is the longest running comic I've done since high school. Small victories, yeah?
I may or may not be spending my lunch hour messing with my new drawing supplies.
@PlanetofFinks did they give an actual reason for it?
You'll never see my face in group photos. Bwahahaha!
@petpantrypeoria I'd add your Twitter account to the website as well as Facebook. I think it would help with visibility.
Trying my hand at making cast iron skillet burgers. Too hot to grill outside.
I still like Odin, he's not a perfect dad (who is) but man, could've timed that odinsleep a little better.
Then again I'm having a hard time thinking of a Marvel pop at least in the MCU that's still, well, breathing.
@Marvel Stellar choice of parenting figure there. Tell the stepson he's adopted then conveniently pass out in order to avoid the fallout.
The East Peoria Fine Art Festival was awesome. It's a great weekend to be outside.
...still not enough to see that one on Opening Night. Captain America 3 will get that honor. Always.
Holy mother of all, Jason Momoa is playing Aquaman. Suddenly I actually care about DC movies.
Oh sweet, sweet coffee. Help me power through finishing this page of flats.
I think I'm getting the hang of this sort hair thing. 
This week in @pjstar's Thought Bubble, I review Poorcraft by @Iron_Spike! 
I think I had one too many red bulls today. Good news, I'm awake. And I can taste color.
I have been scriptwriting all weekend. I feel very sorry for my characters.
Must steep more TeaFriendsForever by @AdagioTeas ! 

stilll not sure I like it completely, but it's okay for now. Need to probably just make a better view of his head.
At the new Thai place. Know they're swamped. Still hungry.
It'll....probably look better when I'm back at my computer.
Thinking about switching my avatar to one of my comic characters. Been doing a lot of design sketches lately.
Corgi and the Quad Copter: 
This week, I wrote a small review for @gunnerkrigg and @pjstar! 
Currently drinking TeaFriendsForever tea from @AdagioTeas  
@gunnerkrigg Sweet, thanks! I'll send you a link when it's up!
@gunnerkrigg hey, I wanted to do a review of the comic but wanted to use an image. Do you have any press images I can use? (s'for a blog.)
Woke up way too late for @1MillionCupsPIA. Glad they put it online!
My birthday is a week and a half from today. I'm not quite sure how to feel about that.
My dog is one more course away from being a certified therapy dog.
I'm getting one too many ideas for convention prints. So many sketches, only so much time.
Selling 2011 MacBook Pro 15.3'' for Parts on eBay Classifieds Central Illinois 
Puck's First Pool, Fin.: 
Puck's First Pool, Part 3: 
Puck's First Pool, Part 2: 
Puck and the Puppy Pool: 
I done gone and chopped it off! 
And finally, have a Radick the Wycked for @FantasyFicPod 's Fan Art Collab! @danny_saya 
Also I will have @FantasyFicPod 's Radick done tomorrow, my eyes are feeling a bit bleedy.
I have so many issues with video games based on movies, you guys have no idea.
@danny_saya Ah, sorry, life kind of flattened me over the last couple weeks. Will finish Radick tonight!
Hey, I wrote an intro article for @PJstar about getting into reading comics! 
My editor liked my first article. I feel slightly less terrified about writing now.
So I'm thinking about trying to submit Stacked Hand to Comic Chameleon's app. Any thoughts?
@Lp reminds me of when @ShaunGreiner and I went to GDC a few years ago. Scrunched seating even for short people.
We have a functioning weightbench now! I am actually excited to use it. Is that dumb?
Happy Birthday to @IanMcKellen, damn fine actor.
Cheers to good taste with vanilla green by @AdagioTeas ! 
HELL YES THERE IS A LEBANESE RESTAURANT IN CAMPUSTOWN.
....yeah, changing my comic schedule. More on that on Monday. #fail
I may have to change my comic schedule and I'm feeling really crappy about this.
My dog has weird sleeping habits. 
Wow @AdagioTeas the random generated tweet phrases are stepped up a notch, I like.
Is it legal to marry TeaFriendsForever by @AdagioTeas ? 
That was the worst night of sleep I've had in a long time. Everything hurts.
The compositional style Mucha has goes against my instincts and I'm okay with that. Working out of my comfort zone is good.
It's the first time in a long time that I'm editing photos of myself. Feels strange, man.
I think my brain just broke from dc's Twitter handle. I know you can't do just 2 letters, but it still reads "Detective Comics Comics."
Monday Morning! Here's a Stacked Hand update: 
@eighmmie I'll be down there in a few minutes, it's okay, really.
@eighmmie I'll be there for the meeting after. Haven't felt great this week.
walking fast 
faces pass and i -- 
wait where the fuck am i
1) take eye shadow
2) RUB IT OVER YOUR EYES LIKE IT'S THE BLOOD OF YOUR ENEMIES
3) blend
I need some winter soldier shirts. If I can't find anything...well.. I might have an idea for teefury, finally.
..mostly that comics have been my thing since I was, like, six or so.
Man, getting back into comics makes me super nostalgic and everything. I guess that flash animation I did back in college  was accurate.
I'm rather partial to the Saturday Whovian #9 -  @teefury 
It's monday! Time for another Stacked Hand update! 
I really need to just do some traditional work when I have time. It seems to help a lot. 
Screw this: this graph shows how a lack of Net Neutrality screws Netflix loading/streaming times - 
I should've gone and tried to find out if my store does anything, but I was kind of busy with replacing a washing machine today.
Happy Free Comic Book Day! Belatedly, anyway. Outside of a singular comic store here in town, I can't think of anything locally.
Gonna miss @Mr_Sark on NerdPoker! Though God Help the crew with Blaine running.
That's okay, I didn't need my heart anyway: 
Trying Son of Coul as a coffee replacement this morning. Blugh.
Just ordered again from @AdagioTeas for the first time in ages. One of these days I'll make it into the store. One day.
...apparently all I needed to do was pass out for an hour or two and I'm feeling significantly better. Hm.
@LetsTalkComics I was having audio 
 Sticking on chrome on the first podcast.
Going to listen to @LetsTalkComics on podbay because their site kept crashing on me for some reason.
Running a fever is a great way to start the morning. No? Okay, just me.
Retweeting for the evening crowd: the comic updated! 
After that weekend, it's hard to focus back on comics and such. 
I know the comic site looks kind of weird. (Mostly the logo) Working on fixing that this week.
It's monday! Time for a #StackedHand update: 
@ZachWeiner The context in which I just pictured someone yelling "Shoryuken!" is just priceless.
Also, question to all the #comic folk I follow: Anyone tried @IngramSpark yet? How's the customer rep/etc?
Working on my comic site, probably need a new logo...again. Having a hard time finding a feel for it.
Thanks again @MarkBrooksArt for being such an awesome person! It was nice to meet you today!
Finally got here! My legs, my feet.
@C2E2 Sound off! Who's going? I'll be there tomorrow!
Gonna miss this guy tomorrow. 
#FF for Comics: @korybing @korimichele @BrittneySabo @kateleth @KateDrawsComics aaand @sfemonster
Also #FF the Peoria Startup Crew: @MisterRandon @eighmmie @JkHmn @StartupPeoria and @1MillionCupsPIA!
@StartupPeoria Thanks for the #FF!
I am suddenly very very very excited for tomorrow. So many people to see and finally meet!
Looks like I need to have a minimum of 30 posts before I can get ads on the site. Understandable. (darnit.)
YAY PAGE DONE PAGE DONE time to celebrate with cheddar popcorn.
Oh man, check THIS out 
Beat my head against the wall on magic spells. Literally resort back to the style I drew when I was ten. Go fig. -headdesk-
Uh oh. Dark souls 2 is out today @ShaunGreiner...
Going back and using my Spotify playlist for the comic to get extra energy for working. I may have to make representative lists of chapters.
Didn't realize that @ColtonLHaynes is doing Roy Harper now. Dang. Might try to get back into watching Arrow again.
I have only listened here and there to the Peoria meeting tonight. Too much passing the buck makes my brain wander.
Am I weird that I'm excited about pageviews on my comic?
@dresdencodak Can we make a convoy?
@KateDrawsComics almost can taste it, holy shit.
@KateDrawsComics oh my god I can smell the worthlessness of this guy. Smells like too much Axe body spray.
@c2e2 @ReedPOPSupplyCo Also are we talking about the floor or online?
Having a very anxiety-fueled morning: It's either the panel that's being difficult, or my laundry machines. Either way, blargh.
LESSON LEARNED: When making plans and prep for conventions, doing it MULTIPLE WEEKS IN ADVANCE is a good thing. Even if you're going 1 day.
Ahoy @Dommoschitti , I drew Radacast as a part of the #FantasyFicCollab! 
@danny_saya I still gotta draw Radick the Wyld, hoping to get to that either before or after #C2E2.
@danny_saya Hey, here's 1/2 of my #FantasyFicCollab : Radacast The Wild Wizard! 
@amandasanbeck Lyft is even cheaper: 
@kateleth @jephjacques There's also yiynovas and monoprices that are still kinda awesome. (maybe I'm biased, I have one/can't afford wacom.)
...yup, definitely looks like we're going Trains. First time for me since I was what, twelve? Yea, 12. Dang.
..and immediately I come to realize that I can barely read train schedules. Blargh.
@MatthewForcum That part's assured, but getting to McCormick from there without a long hike is the other thing.
Planning how the hell we're going to get to @C2E2 at the end of the week. Cheaply and safely, preferably.
It's Monday! You know what that means, right? New Comic! 
There we go. A little better.
Argh, new Icon still too busy...and dark. Shows what I know. Need to brighten it up.
@korybing This is one of the few times I wouldn't want to be living in that situation, I feel for you.
There we go. Pages should load just a smidge faster. now to eat something.
Images may be a little wonky for an hour on the comic. Resizing so the pages load better!
@NewMutant @HeatherAntos Well yeah, I've watched a lot of his v/o and whatnot. I have a half finished doodle of @GerryDuggan 's Ser Richard.
@HeatherAntos @cracksh0t @NewMutant I know @GerryDuggan and @thebrianposehn from listening to their D&amp;D podcast whilst working.
nrrh family dinners for some freaking reason make me feel sick.
@cracksh0t @NewMutant @HeatherAntos I THOUGHT that was Brian up top! I recognized Gerry almost immediately.
Going to fix the site a bit this week and at least get images loading faster. When I'm feeling a little better, anyway.
My head feels like its breaking in half. Joy. Probably going to curl up someplace cold.
@kateleth let's do it shit I play bass this works.
I know I'm not super big, but at the same time when I worked in retail it made me super depressed.
@BrittneySabo I hate being on the "cusp": half of the stores consider me fat, plus sized stores consider me too skinny.
And my dog has graduated to cable chewing. Hooray.
Also does it count that #EastPeoria is a parody of Peoria? @NotPeoriaMayor
This city. Oh lord, this city.
Its okay to take a break.
There are days when you hit a wall. There are also days where you bullet train into one.
I'm hooked up to a machine and tweeting. It's sending small pulses into my neck and back. If it wasn't therapy, I'd call it cyberpunk...ish.
@kierongillen  working on pages and business cards.
Both happy and sad that I'm finally caught up on @thebrianposehn's Nerd Poker. Miss @GerryDuggan and Ser Richard!
Did I miss a Junji Ito style collab book at some point? Is that what Sleep of Reason was @BrittneySabo?
I took a nap and I feel surprisingly awesome. Is this what it's like to admit I'm getting old(er)?
I swear, after the 500th tutorial I saw mentioning laying out text first you think I would've done it right off the bat. Nope.
Drawing out panels is much easier when you LAY THE TEXT OUT FIRST. Idiot.
With the way Puck barks after birds, I seriously think he wouldn't know what he'd do if he caught one.
I am up because I crashed at 8pm last night. This should be fun.
I have been drinking a metric ton of caffeine. This does not bode well for this evening.
1) MAKE A COMIC 
2) SHOW IT TO PEOPLE 

CONGRATS YOU HAVE BROKEN IN TO COMICS
Physical therapy for a neck injury takes 4x longer than a sprained anything else. Sunday marks a year since and still getting treated.
@eighmmie @1MillionCupsPIA wish I could've gone! Physical therapy again today.
@syobonaction @ShaunGreiner Just making sure which one/budget we're shooting for.
@syobonaction @ShaunGreiner for the record, which one are we talking about, East or the new South?
The dog has now usurped me, and is asleep in my side of the bed. I don't know how to feel about this.
@dexbonus I sucked it up and and I'm currently making them the main star of my webcomic.
I am eating a container of rum chata infused whipped cream. Because I am an adult.
@KateDrawsComics I was out of ideas for paintings so I used this photo that I had taken of him.
@KateDrawsComics I'm bad, he made it into a background of one panel of this week's comic.
@KateDrawsComics ahh. Gotcha! I got a corgi last November.
@KateDrawsComics Aw cute! Do have  to say that's the first time I've heard of the breed before.
@KateDrawsComics sorry to be late on the game, but what kind of puppy are you getting?
Did you miss that Stacked Hand updated yesterday? 
It makes me really giddy whenever I check google analytics for my comic's progress.
Learning how to make comics, by stumbling a lot, a book by me.
Hey! Comic update! 
Translation: My dad snores loud enough to wake the dead and...man, that's just embarrassing.
Somehow (considering how my parents sound when they sleep) I had always figured/dreaded realizing I might have sleep apnea.
I am having a lot of random stupid ideas about China's Forbidden City. Most of them about how I'd like to visit.
Awww Puck is scared of the storm.
I really freaking hate these theatre seats. Claustrophobia is kicking in something fierce.
Occasionally I still break into my looseleaf tea stash for a day. Today is a mix of Samurai Chai Matte + Maharaj Chai Oolong from @TEAVANA
@mgsisk oh woah, thanks Michael!
So PAXsouth hasbeen announced. Color me conflicted.
Damnit I knew there was something I was forgetting today. Shit.
The body does not like this sitting upright thing I'm doing right now. Nosir.
@korybing oh nooooo feel better soon!
Really really really wish there were more hours in a day.
Just got my Saturday passes to @c2e2. Awwww yiss.
Here's the new setup. I really don't get as much glare as the reflection suggests. 
@ShaunGreiner You're making me incredibly hungry. &lt;3
@NeapolitanBnprt I will do my very best! Whenever you get to this point, let me know. I can help you find a good Cintiq alternative!
Also the bf for getting it for me. I'm really happy about it.
Going to do a LOT of practice work on the yiynova tomorrow. Want to thank @FRENDEN 4 showing that there's more than wacom out there.
Also after almost a decade doing digital art, looking at my hand while drawing is weeeeiiird.
Finally got the Yiynova set up and an art station temporarily started. Will probably improve on it tomorrow.
Best late anniversary gift ever. Love you @ShaunGreiner &lt;3 
Sign me up for the bronze foundry in the future! @1MillionCupsPIA
@1MillionCupsPIA I see what you did there...
Wednesday morning announcement: My comic has launched! Check it out here: 
@brettnoe 's alright man, just frustrated and stressed, probably took it a little too seriously. No harm no foul.
@korybing Aw man if I had the money Puck would soooo be awesome. Corgi felt dog yes yes.
@brettnoe In context I see the smiley as a condescending "boo hoo, cry over your smartphone" smiley than anything else, tbqh.
@korybing works for me I'm playing minecraft instead of shading durrhurr.
@brettnoe what crawled up your arse?
Grrr. Stepping out for a few hours and missing a package sucks so badly.
Grah Synergy Grah.
Why I waited so long to try @Two25Peoria I have no idea. Ahmazing.
Celebrating four wonderful years with @shaungreiner at #Two25!

I know the URL seems arse backwards but I'm working on fixin' it. #DidntIGoToCollegeForThis
Hey! Stacked Hand finally launched! RT and Share! 
Welp, now or never.
I just set up reservations for my anniversary online. I love technology.
Holy crap, a Comic Sans-inspired font that I'd actually consider using: Comic Neue. 
Oh hai snow.
Hey gang! I know that the webcomic isn't 100% Live yet, but I've gone on ahead and set up a @Patreon account. 
@BryanFuller @AXN_Espana @HannibalSerieTV Yellow was considered color of madness at one point, wasn't it? Damn English Lit made me think so.
Think I've been completely converted to liking dogs. Haven't had the greatest of health days, and my dog is being super protective of me.
Need to throw together a @Patreon Video for my account and put some shine on that thing and I'm ready to go. ehhh.
workin on business cards that reflect the comic. Anyone else have multiple cards for different occasions?
@thebrianposehn (and yep, still in Peoria working on comics.)
@thebrianposehn OH YEAH geez. Graduated from the uni across the street, you think I'd remember it. Love the show.
@MattBors @korybing This screams creeper cam and just. No.
@thewhiskeycity small panel preview of the comic! You can sign up for updates over at 
@thebrianposehn keeps mentioning my town in Nerd Poker. Though, I don't remember the mural he's talking about in ep #53.
My comic drops in exactly a week. Commence the freaking.
Spent the entire day working on a phone model. It's back to comic tomorrow!
@BrittneySabo holy CRAP that's some insane detail I hope it doesn't fade/bleed too bad over time.
Coffee, tea, and redbull. Precious, precious lifeblood.
Just bought my tickets for #C2E2 Next Month. I wanna know who else is going!
No stream tonight. Not doing too well.
@NeoGeen Oh no, I figured what you meant was that. I'm still trying to piece together how to pixelate/design an arrow I want.
@NeoGeen Oh hell, I like that. Maybe some shading to the skull, but I think that'd look awesome.
The internet has ruined my brain in that way, I guess.
@BryanFuller @ORIGINALFUNKO I'm still not-yet-in-this-fandom and I think the Stag should be named "Swiggity Swag" and just make it official.
@danny_saya Sweet! Thanks!
@danny_saya Oh hell sure, I'll do both.
@BruceTutcher @Medievalists The article said at the time it "could possibly be." I got a little overexcited at the idea.
@danny_saya Also, I used to use Photoshop for lineart, I ended up switching to @MangaStudio. Either way, I suggest @Frenden's brushes.
@danny_saya Could I get Buffcat or Radacast?
@ConnorGSims That's actually the name of my webcomic I'm launching on the Seventh. :D
@ConnorGSims It may not happen this year, but sometime after Stacked Hand has been going for a bit, I want to make it there.
@ConnorGSims Ahhhh! Yeah, I'm near C2E2, and that's...really it. #SmackDabONowhere
@ConnorGSims If you're at where I'm thinking where you're at, maybe C2E2? It's right smack dab in the middle. (I'm going. No table tho.)
So many awesome comic creators going to ECCC and I wanna goooooo. #weh
I almost need to order more business cards soon. Does anyone do business cards for their webcomic?
Maaaybe thinking about doing a livestream tomorrow in the afternoon. Anyone interested?
WTG supreme court! 
@mangastudio 
Crap. Our dog has found the boundless energy of spring. Hour of play and walks not enough to satisfy. Send help.
Holy mother of mayhem they found Attila the Hun: 
@ShaunGreiner Art mostly, I think. I really don't think he'd stand still, would he?
Oh hey, I created an actual youtube channel for my art and..well, maybe more of my dog. Livestreams in the future? You betcha.
So, ah, how bout that oculus rift purchase. *rimshot*
Hey @generikb! My dog was rootin' for you in the moon boss fight! 
There's a Disney haunted mansion map in gmod hide and seek yes yes this is good.
Well, that's a family history revelation, joy. "What do you mean it runs in the family?"
Don't get me wrong, love The Killers, but that song just got played to deaaaath.
The sudden thought that one of my comic characters would listen to Mr. Brightside in a non-ironic manner just has me in stitches.
Speaking of! @CashlessClass have you heard of Poorcraft: the Funnybook Fundamentals of Living Well on Less? I think you would like it.
@Iron_Spike Awesome! Figured it was but I wanted to make sure. Loved Poorcraft, thanks!
Hey @Iron_Spike, the Kickstart a comic-comic, is that going to be available online? I would much love to have a copy!
Not gonna lie, feel well and truly nervous for two weeks out.
If you're interested in signing up for updates on the comic, check out 
Hey gang, did a small post over on my blog - 
But I learned today my corgi is apparently famous in the neighborhood. So there's that, I guess.
On one hand, I feel like I got a good amount done. On the other hand, man that dog can be stubborn.
I have a feeling this dog is going to drive me nuts today. He reminds me of my family: too stubborn to know when to rest and heal.
Guh no stomach stop turning not today.
@amandasanbeck @ShaunGreiner he's of that age for a certain surgery.
@ShaunGreiner I know. Can't help but worry bout him.
Also got a tentative date for the release of 
Listening to @earwolf 's Nerd Poker and @Coffitivity, trying to very hard not to think about my puppy in surgery right now.
I have a tentative release date for my comic. Scared out of my mind about finally putting my work up, tbh.
That'll teach me to sleep in!
It's so packed here at @1MillionCupsPIA that I'm sitting next to the coffee machines.
May be hearing less and less of me for a few weeks. Gotta finish everything for the comic launch.
Check out this @SMSIGraphics giveaway for a pair of 3-day passes to #c2e2 - 
Not that I didn't put him away properly, but he can be a Houdini when he wants to be.
The misadventures of physical therapy continue. I just hope my dog hasn't destroyed anything in my absence.
Stop SOPA 2014. 
Changing up the hair color today. Just a tad nervous.
Next: coffee.
Then: coffee.
Sooner or later, I'll get the freaking hang of drawing shiny glowing sigils. Til then, I guess you guys will see what I've got...
Just entered this @anime_studio competition to win a free @wacom tablet!
 
@sfemonster Eldritch has the nice ring of pretentiousness as far as names go.
Neck is not cooperating with me today. Will be posting some WIP work later on. (Where the unholy hell did today go?)
Annnnd nope. waited too long, now your furniture's gone. Damn.
Possibly going home with a kitchen table today. We will see.
Fall asleep normal, wake up unable to move my head for fear of nausea and dizziness. Thanks, car accident from last year!
My ankle feels like crap and I'm laughing at AC3 lip sync. Can't work for propping up my leg.
I just rolled over my ankle while trying to take out the trash. I am not a smart person.
Re: Dog's new toy from @thinkgeek. Warning: It's a corgi. 
Oh dear lord, we got our dog a laser toy from @thinkgeek. Best. Dog toy. Ever. (video currently uploading.)
I love how even if you're not trying to breathe really hard, my phone picks it up better than the noise elsewhere. urgh.
I'm thinking about going lighter with my hair. Back to my ol' red days. (and by red, I mean Goddamn, that's bright red.)
@anglicanmemes @JoesBar12 that's from @ZachWeiner 's comic....
Somedays when I put him up there while I get ready, he stays like this. 
@amandasanbeck  it's kind of inbetween. Since he's 5mos and all. That and corgis can be just plain vocal.
@amandasanbeck same with us and Puck.
Oh shi- Russia is going to invade Ukraine. 
@syobonaction Can't wait either for next weekend. Very excited to dive back into it again!
Today is 3D modeling day. Working on comic backgrounds then diving into other projects.
Spending more time researching potential local tattoo shops. I got ideas (even if today's been devoid of focus.)
Lookin' for stock, looking for stock. Hey, you want your photo in my comic? DM me now!
Cold cold cold cold cold. But at least I'm getting -some- exercise in?
Time to freeze my arse off! I wish I were joking. #dogwalking
@dauntdraws It's why whenever I go to my local coffee joint I tend to hide in a corner where it's impossible w/out being REALLY obvious.
I mean, I just can't. I know it sounds silly but this song was such a big thing for me when I was a kid.
Is it bad that the first thing I think of when I see Chris DeBurgh circa 1983 is Sylvester McCoy's Doctor?
@blisstreedotcom @NakedCondoms a guy from my alma mater is responsible for the audio on #4.
@pocketcasts hey, any plans on doing a desktop app that syncs with your phone?
BAHAHAHAHA RT @Random_Factor: BOKU NO METH IS REAL RT @JaponTotal: Hey Mr. White! you are so #kawaii 
@Danny_2462 My dog loves watching your KSP vids: 
I...Will probably able to at least fire off at least one.
I need to do more with emails and everything tomorrow. Today was a long day.
Hoping to wrap up my physical therapy soon so i can fly to be in time for my pups first obedience class.
@StartupPeoria hibernate, learn that programming script, and set up a robot to plough your drive for you...
I think I might just be going too hard lately. Need to take a little break.
If so, then....crap.
Despite doing a decent amount today, my drawing (mouse hand, primary hand) is not terribly happy with me. I wonder if it's carpal tunnel.
Tea is still one of my favorite things ever. (Especially @AdagioTeas Masala Chai)
My left hand feels sore as hell. joy, sleeping on it wrong.
Sorry, that wasn't enthusiastic enough. "Holy crap, we're getting the BAND back together!" #106milestoChicago
I feel like the theme of this weekend is "we're getting the band back together."
Need all the coffee. It's that kind of day.
Coffee. Ah. Precious live blood. Too bad I'll be vibrating through walls shortly after this.
Hi all. I'm groggy and there's a corgi on my lap.
@korybing I've been bouncing ideas off folks, but they don't do comics so it's a weird situation.
@amandasanbeck joining the club, here.
And why, after the @StartupPeoria event do I want to design a Rocket Science Corgi, complete with jetpack... Because reasons, that's why.
Plus, he has no tie.
Kind of wish I could bring Puck with us to the @StartupPeoria event tonight, but I think his cuteness would be so derailing.
Anxiety attack, made better by puppy suddenly curling up in my lap. His snores are easy to focus breathing on.
@sfemonster @hrtbrokentweets wait. You have a podcast???
Over at @1MillionCupsPIA. Already fell on the ice twice. Eek.
@derschwigg we actually do in the shower on a (semi) regular basis. Because of mud, mostly.
I foresee a load of baths in the future for a certain puppy.
Also, while I was stuck in my house the entire day, I have at least gotten another page completely finished!
Using Podbay.fm to do desktop podcast listening. So far I like the experience.
...woop, nevermind. I figured it out. kinda.
@korybing I think I spy Faramir's pyre.
Trufax, the way @BrittneySabo draws her comic has inspired me like crazy.
@AdagioTeas  Oh hey, thanks! I didn't think that you actually sold those tins anymore. I was a little freaked.
okay, so the photo didn't show up. Here's the broken @AdagioTeas cannister. 
Damnit, I really liked that tea canister from @AdagioTeas and they don't carry it online anymore.
I feel like they're wrongly representing the rest of the people they work with, but I don't know enough specifics to present a case.
Today I was severely disappointed by a comic "professional" and I really don't know who to talk to about it.
Suddenly wondering whatever happened to #PACT. I was looking forward to a new artist space centered around comic &amp; fantasy illustrators.
I spent my night waking up every few hours. Letting my bf sleep in a little because I woke him up at least twice.
Please be with the same writers from Avengers, she was written beautifully in that flick.
It looks like Marvel might actually be listening, there's plans for a Black Widow flick. #ungodlyscreaming
Need to sit down and write some blog posts today, but first, comic.
I is ready for eats now! #corgi #puckthecorgi 
Teaching tonight! Then I'm gonna sit down and crack open manga studio for comic work. Yay to being back on track!
The only reason I haven't bought @FRENDEN 's brushes for MS5 yet is the chores I gotta do before I can dig deep into that work.
So far, I'm really digging manga studio 5. Amazing update to the program.
@dresdencodak Please to want Adam. I feel really weird that they're doing Thanos, but no Warlock.
@sheanam It's a....tv show, apparently.
The silver lining to today is that my copy of Manga Studio 5 came in early. Have to work SOME time in today to messing with it.
It might be time to finally start going to a salon.
Lineart to go then I've got ONE MORE to go yesss.
I am really, REALLY debating watercolor as shading for the comic. argh style decisions.
@Totalbiscuit The only MMO I've seen that actually allows bouncing about servers to hang with friends is The Secret World.
Specifically, this one: 
With that post by Gingerhaze going around tumblr, it makes me miss working in a comic shop really badly.
Took a bunch of photos of my setup for my friend. This is what happens when I let light in. #itburrrns 
@skottieyoung dA points. They assume popularity=investment in dA's point system.
@BrittneySabo my corgi is a continual shadow.
Am I healthy yet?
I made the mistake of running outside with the dog. Now my legs are freezing and my torso is overheated.
@sfemonster Will you have a link up when you set up your Patreon stuff?
I could go on about how sleepy cute things are at my house, but I think I've done that enough.
Need Red Bull, or I'm never waking up this morning.
Adventures in Mead Making: First Mead turned too dry, added apple juice to it. Much better. Need to do more research before batch #2.
Spending the rest of the night reading Scott McCloud's Making Comics and plotting my schedule for the next week.
@BrittneySabo if that's the case, my comic's main character is mine.
I'm gonna finish that freaking character turnaround today so help me.
@sour_apple I have an Intuos 4, med size that I use on my desk in front of me. If I had a tablet with a visual display, probably mounted.
Feeling a bit sick now but we expanded my desk and I hung up some things, so yay cleaning adventure?
@forexposure_txt this made me die a little inside.
@amandasanbeck puppy managed to follow me out, patiently waited thru yoga, then crashed on my lap again.
Managed to worm my way out of the sleep pile and grab a cup of tea. Vanilla oolong/Masala Chai mix from @AdagioTeas 
Bf is asleep; puppy is sprawled out on my lap. I think I'm the only one awake here.
Also I finally got a tracking number for my @Mangastudio 5 upgrade. I waaant it heere already.
I know! Maybe one, THEN the other! Aha, I'm a genius.
Debating on spending the rest of the night working on comic work, or trying to rest my neck n'shoulder and play Pokemon X.
Annnd waiting room tv is an episode of Doctor Phil about a girl who "lied about sexual assault". Kill me now.
I can not wait to walk my dog in warmer weather, I can not wait to walk my dog in warmer weather...
To give a random guy your stereotypical D!bag tattoos or not. #decisionsdecisions
The problem with ordering physical software is that the wait can be aaaaaagonizing.
@TheJohnDuffy @mangastudio Yes, I realize that, thanks!
Fyii, I ended up upgrading to @mangastudio 5 anyway.
@DNHills yep! Originally that's what was keeping me from giving in and purchasing MS 5, ended up doing it anyway.
Blog post about my tool list. 
I love the internet. Almost had a problem with downloading a physical copy of a program, but found a workaround in under a minute.
@BBC_TopGear @twhiddleston @BBCTwo @typhlotictiger Crap. Makes me wish Hulu actually updated Top Gear episodes.
I use MS 4EX for my comic, I've heard @mangastudio 5 is amazing for color but it doesn't have the story editor. Hence my hesitancy.
if anyone can give me thoughts about upgrading to Manga Studio 5 from 4EX that'd be cool. I can't do the 5EX upgrade now so I'm worried.
Today is wait for the plumber day.
The inside of our door is lightly frosted. Crap.
IT SEEMS AWFUL AND AWESOME AT THE SAME TIME I DON'T KNOW.
I feel like this is a truly awful thing to ask, but: Comic is set @ New Orleans: 
Yay! Lineart down lineart down.
@BrittneySabo those are some big totinos rolls.
@Coffitivity Solution: coffitivity on speakers.
@Coffitivity seems pretty good so far. Though downside is worth headphones I can't hear my dog.
If I high-tail it, I can finish the linework on this sheet tonight. Need to work quicker. 
@Lintufriikki I haven't mentioned this lately, but I always love your linework.
....you mean I've had this tablet for nearly two years and NOW I realize there's a protective cover on the two mini usb slots????
Hoping to at least ink this character sheet then start on the next one. Positivity, I suppose.
Lemme try that again: Trying @Coffitivity and @thebrianposehn 's Nerd Poker. Seems good so far.
So, sewer is clogged. Spending probably the rest of the night draining it. Home ownership, oh yeah.
Annd yesterday repeated itself. Fml
back to the comic grind today. Doing some character sheets because I haven't drawn these guys in a bit.
Setting up characters for Eclipse Phase. Once again my Norse leanings rear their head: Raven Uplift named Muninn with a muse named Hugninn.
Downloading a free, new @Frenden Manga Studio brush! 
While it sucks that @StartupPeoria 's event is cancelled, I'm glad because it means no one's insane enough to go out in this mess.
On the schedule for today: 3D work, figure sketches. If I'm going to be snowed in I'll make the most of it.
Fixed my witchsona drawing so that I don't 100% dislike it. Looking out at the snow and realizing it...might be awhile before I leave here.
Curled up with the dog on my lap because I had a hard time sleeping last night. Bleech.
I really need to redo my own witchsona, too. Derp, bed though.
@sporkbot technomancer? Look at a game called Shadowrun Returns, you'll see what I mean.
Port still hasn't come in for the laptop, so I suppose I'm wrapping up the banner art for a tea set, too.
I need to finish some coloring then it's a bunch of 3D work. Woooooo.
Physical therapy again. Listening to Nerd Poker to pass the time.
It's still snowing just a little bit. 
My dog keeps barking at the borrowed Wii as I'm setting it up.
Darkside of the Sploot 
One of the downsides of new laptop: I either have to install CS4, or try something else til I can afford Cloud membership.
...so now I don't have either computer. Great.
First my desktop's PSU quit. Now my laptop's graphic card is unhappy with me. Which techno god did I piss off so fast?
Turned my back for five minutes and my puppy trashed my wallet. 
This is where Puck likes to sleep when I'm in my office. 
I have one of the most laid back corgis. How the hell did I manage that.
Thankful that all of the comic-related stuff on that computer is backed up on @dropbox. I still feel like a blithering idiot.
And the winner for inadvertently frying my power supply to my desktop computer because I wanted to get it up and away from the puppy is moi.
Curled up watching anamaniacs in a heated blanket with the puppy. It's not warm enough to do anything.
I think my dog is terrified now that we opened just a little more of the house up to him. But he's been good with housetraining so far...
That being said, stay tuned for an official launch date for Stacked Hand!
After spending over a week sicker than hell I'm happy today to be relatively clear-headed.
Today's a day where it feels like the light at the end of the tunnel is an oncoming train.
@victorclarke after taking a few programming courses all the cinematic ''hacker'' scenes make me kinda cringe.
We did some rearranging in the kitchen. (Not pictured: my @adagiostate Mad Scientist kit.) Expect… 
Still sick. But at least I have cuddles. 
Winter illness means drinking all the tea with honey. I'm glad I got my dad hooked on @AdagioTeas with a big Xmas gift.
I feel like I may have screwed up this recovery bit from holiday sickness by walking our puppy.
to those I owe communication: I'm still stuck in holiday mode. Should be able to return to normal sometime Friday.
Long story short; snoring puppies are so cute.
Christmas hall at bf's parents house. There's @loishh 's master fashion class book! 
To clarify, I came this close to a child's archery gift.
@victorclarke ...it was.
Annnd it got stolen from me. Sob.
somehow, in a white elephant gift exchange I would run into a child's bow.
My pens are bone dry it seems. @neilhimself 's Sandman. 
Work in progress: neilhimself 's Dream. 
@AnUrbanNomad @neilhimself i was actually thinking the same thing, myself. My hair is definitely fluffy enough.
Managed to nearly finish a set of interview questions. I think I might have gotten a bit too wordy. Eheh.
I might have chronic health issues, but at least I have a laptop, damnit.
Happy to be working on something finally today. I hate these types of sick days with a burning passion.
Puck and Lil Parker, both of them have grown so fast. 
I need to not weigh in on the duck dynasty crap. I really hate that people still think that kind of mentality is okay.
You can always tell when it's Monday because leaving the puppy alone for five minutes really freaks him out.
@RaeBeta @sfemonster really wish I would've had enough in me to submit to it, health and other obligations. Maybe next year!
I'm having this seasonal ''slingshot'' health issues. No big thing. Except it sucks.
I feel incredibly bad for the fine folks who run snow plows, but still, I didn't see one til six pm. Yeesh.
@reverendanthony I actually did a drawing of my bf's costume for his birthday last year: 
Never a dull moment here. Go to take garbage out and screen door flies off.
@reverendanthony @ashly_burch @kentisawesome Sibling fight! Sibling fight!
Feeling like crap tonight otherwise I was going to try out some makeup tests. (instead, trudging through finishing flat colors.)
@AH_AdamHughes It's all on a technicality. If you include the War Doctor (Hurt) and Tennant's human regeneration, then yeah, technically.
But in all seriousness don't freak if I scale back for the next few weeks in my online presence. I'll still be here. Just...hi-working.
What do you mean I said I'd launch my comic in three weeks haha nice joke. #gulp.
4 Unconventional Ways the Internet Can Help You Land Job 
I don't think my corgi likes NIN much.
Merry Christmas! 
Sleepy Puck is sleepy. 
Boo Crappy Health. I wanted to do more this winter, damnit!
Laughing because little kid liked my ''hospital sweater.'' I'm wearing a L4D hoodie.
Crap. I need to dig through random magical items to fill a room. Funny how I remember it now.
Anyone else kind of feel like November squeaked by?
Oh Ninth Doctor, I missed you.
My puppy is transfixed by the noise the Tardis makes. This is bloody hilarious to me.
New Blog Post! 
Took him outside with a tether cable attached to a belt loop. He was so happy. 
Rewatching Doctor Who from the start of the 2005 series. I forgot how filled of sass Christopher E. Is.
Playtime with the corg. 
oh holy hell I am drained like you wouldn't believe. #NewPuppy
It's a small victory when the puppy sleeps through the night. At least we know what it takes now.
I'm still not touching my Tumblr because I haven't seen the 50th special yet.
Sleepy corg is sleepy. And so am I. 
Ahh this corgi is awesome. Also wearing me the hell out.
My boyfriend takes the best photos. Look who we just spent six hours getting! 
Hey folks! Go follow @AeolianMode - Her comic is awesome!
One more day til we do the trek to get our puppy. The waiting is driving me nuts.
I need to mess with my google analytics. It's been years and I'm not sure if it's on the right URLs at this point.
Also my meadmaking supplies are almost here yaaaay.
I am saving episodes of @AgentsofSHIELD and @SleepyHollowFOX for watching with the new puppy.
New Blog Update! 

I find it surprising (and a lil sad) that there are no sonic screwdriver chew toys.
Fyi guys, @AdagioTeas Vanilla Green tea with a cinnamon stick stirrer is freaking AWESOME.
I am really glad that #comfycon was online because I missed the majority of it thanks to family obligations and sudden tornado.
Home without power, otherwise fine. This day just keeps gettin better.
Well, there goes the idea of going to wrap up buying toys for the puppy.
Was taken out to see Thor: The Dark World with my folks.
Starting on a belated project: designing cards for a SCA group. Been tanking bad on health lately. Guess it's the season! Guh.
Comfycon this weekend, Cecil Baldwin doing an interview with the Geek and Sundry folks, I feel like even with health this is a great time.
@choochoobear @AdamTheAlien I understand - thanks a ton for letting us know!
@AdamTheAlien @choochoobear I second this notion. Especially tomorrow's 7pm est panel. #ComfyCon
#FF the @StartupPeoria Crew: @eighmmie @JkHmn @thewhiskeycity. If you can, check out the Startup Peoria Weekend! 
Reform ECPA: Tell the Government to Get a Warrant 
....that being said, little pissed at myself that *the* panel I want to see I probably will be in-transit (so I can't watch.)
I really love the concept of a webcomics online con. #ComfyCon
Yay my brew stuff is shipping yes yes yes.
@Venikins talk to me in a few months when I have the first batch of spiced mead.
@Venikins made my Eir's tea and some chai too!
Tea is one of the best ways to relax.
apparently they did a scheduling error at my physical therapist. Aha. ha. ha. At least I got in to see them this time.
Neck feels borked and waiting for my therapist, who is a half hour late. Is this Monday?
I know it's not completely art related but there are a few things nestled in there that I really want to write about. Like tea.
I still feel like it's the weekend. Saturday utterly wrecked me, but my brain is buzzing with projects I can do when I'm supposed to be up.
Really, really hoping there's an xkit for mobile. Otherwise I'll see tumblr on Monday. No Thor 2 spoilers or I'll give you such a hexing!
I fixed a hole in my SCA gear. I'm not the greatest at sewing, but at least it doesn't look as bad now.

Over at @ImpactHUBPeoria for stories and beer night!
If I feel up to it after dinner I'm gonna try drawing him. It's been a long arse day though and I feel mildly jetlagged.
Got to visit my puppy Puck today - 3 weeks until he comes home with us! 
Unnecessary heart attack #1: time zones. Our destination is in the same time zone, thankfully.
Going on the trek to see our corgi. Keep getting the nagging feeling that we should have left even earlier.
Who's exhausted? This person. Taking a dog to the vet is woof.
New tea from @adagiostate ! 
No no no I feel like the bf did afew days ago no I can't get sick.
Or maybe I'm weird. I always wanted an Eevee and Squirtle on my team and I just caught my first Eevee. Nostalgia's a weird thing, kids.
I feel like Pokemon X is awesome because I'm getting to do all the things I wished I could when it was just R/B AND do the new game.
Trying to use @mangastudio again for coloring and such. Had a big crisis on how to present the comic so far.
Man, those other comic artists were right. Drawing glowing things *is* addictive.
Why, good lord, why am I craving ramen.
Tea ordered, time to finish up this page! #diiiiistractioooons
Currently drinking masala chai tea from @AdagioTeas 

Say something about this... 
Almost done with that tea label. Just took some time to stretch because of injuries. Also food. I need to eat occasionally.
Hoodie weather. I love hoodie weather.
@Syncrasis I'd suggest starting with a Minecraft blanket then working up to the motorcycle perhaps?

BF's mom is going to pick up their puppy tomorrow. Our puppy comes in less than a month. Wow.
BTW folks @AdagioTeas is the best. I know I say it a lot but I *mean* it.
Aha, I see how Adagio is doing their stuff now. Yaaay notifications!
Just made a cup of TARDIS Blend tea from @AdagioTeas 
@derschwigg It turns out my former Apple id got slaughtered, so IT suggested I make a new one.
finally downloading OSX Mavericks. Still been kind of sick lately but trying to take it easy.
If I color these flowers today maybe pokemon yes please.
@derschwigg lemme know how it is. Apple is still claiming that all of my passwords/accounts are crud. :(
Blugh. Apple never seems to really like sending account information to my gmail account. Grr.
Time to finish that charity Fennekin. Then maybe defeat the second gym leader?
New blog post! 
Five injections in my neck total. Well see in a few days if it worked.
Injections in my neck. Woo! #terrified
I has a corgi on the way. 
@The_Meek 's actually my boyfriend's birthday today. So cools.
What is it with Mountain Lion making everything lag like mad? I used to be able to draw +listen to streaming music on my laptop. Not So.
Drawing a last minute super-geeky birthday gift for my boyfriend, because I get smacked by the inspiration stick like that.
I keep forgetting if I've mentioned this, but my site relaunched. 
Guys, I really don't try to do this very much but my cousin's in great need of help. Please pass it on. 
(which trust me, spending ten-twenty minutes figuring out the ideal key setup is annoying but worth it.)
Re: Controller v Keyboard debate. For most games, I prefer controller, but TF2/BL2/etc I default to keyboard. Even though I play left-hand.
@sfemonster And that's exactly why I want to do it! Both that and my comic I'm working on now are how I learn. Thank you so much, gosh. &lt;3
@korybing Even then I still may revisit the story down the line, the character is one I love a lot. Thanks for the encouragement! I Will!
I still need to whip up sample pages for it but I'll take my time, the deadline for proposals is a long way off yet.
I am still going to try to pitch to @sfemonster 's Beyond comic I just don't know if I should because I'm still new to making comics.
Oh No Pokemon X is wholly addicting. I am way too happy to finally have a Pokemon game around its launch date.
Trying some more scriptwriting today.
@HiWaffles ...not that it's a bad reason. Just sayin.
@HiWaffles I would say with good reason, but I'm guessing she's hooked on tall, dark and British.
@HiWaffles tried Sleepy Hollow yet? It's a little on the goofy side but it's been great so far.
@HiWaffles its a ''if I run out of things to watch'' show. Which sucks since I had so much fun with @shieldnanny
Also, DUST ALLERGIES SUCK. Incentive for keeping the house clean post-dog.
After the laptop updated, the pc died. Turns out there's a LOT more dust in there than I thought. Also power button busted, wtf.
Waiting for my computer to update to mountain lion finally.
Tea calms my rage. Rrgh.
Nix that, two guys.
WOW there is such a dudebro at this campfire. I want to sucker punch his self righteous face so bad.
Finally upgrading my laptop to Mountain Lion. Hopefully nothing goes wrong.
I really, really need to update my Behance now that I've linked to it on my real site.
@BrittneySabo I haven't seen that many good social groups, agreed. I suppose if you're up for it you could always make one.
@BrittneySabo I've been using it with a local start up group and it's been fine so far.
My portfolio site has officially been re-done! 
To do today: finish rough draft of proposal for Beyond anthology, update my site's blog. Maybe even launch my real site. Who knows.
I freaking love @jonesinforjason  in his interviews about the ACA. Yesterday's interview is my same frustrations.
@simonpegg please say you're ant man.pretty please
I made a corgi clock countdown still maybe I'll stop looking at corgi videos.
Savoring some masala chai tea from @AdagioTeas 
Let it be known that, even though I've gone completely Corg-crazy, I am looking at useful material: 
Well, that was the quickest wedding I've been to.
@derschwigg oh hey, I remember that look.
Why do I keep refusing offers of coffee from the hairstylist. I'm a bloody idiot.
@clarkgregg @joy_keh7 I thought so, but the older one has a top and a slightly different body. Tech's the same, though.
I knew there was a reason I liked the sheriff in @SleepyHollowFOX! He was the Kurgan! (among many, many other roles.)
It's gonna be a long night when Espresso makes me sleepy.
This rant brought to you by my Main PC tired up with a render and my Laptop rebooting.thank you for your time.
Friend of a friend on Facebook posting something with proper syntax and grammar does not count for a source.
I think one of my new mantras is that unless you've researched the topic enough to know what's going on, then don't make a fuss about it.
Somedays I want to cross the streams on FB and tell people how ignorant they're being. Most of the time how ineffectual it'd be stops me.
The traditional Hallowe'en changing of the names is upon us. Though, TBH, I can just put my name as is.
Need to finish my advert for a friend's magazine today. Tomorrow is setting up the mailing list for the advert. So excited about this comic.
This weekend has been insane. I still can't stop grinning. So many great things coming to fruition.
@sfemonster oh yesssss I am so PUMPED!
This Weekend. Wow. That's just...wow. It's amazing what's happened.
I am seriously excited for the future, you have NO idea. Giiiiddy!!!
@sfemonster so excited you have NO idea
I need it for a pose in my comic, I swear.
I kind of feel like at some point I'll have a small collection of very niche stock photography and that sounds really, really creepy.
Blog update! News on the Website, I start into the process of comic making and generally try not to lose my mind. 
I DO have a facebook page too! 
Penciling, penciling, penciling new pages. Gotta love @Frenden 's brushes, even the pencils make my sketches pop.
Based on the interview last night, I really would ADORE seeing @robinwilliams and Jon from @TheDailyShow do an act together.
My hand is way too shaky to do hand lettering my hand writing sucks too.
I just now got to the point where I need to decide on my fonts for the comic. Oh god, the decisions are making my brain break.
@kellysue always thought they were called lectures.
No one told me this test involves needles. Brrrr.
I am almost done with this page. If I want seeing double, I'd continue. O tomorrow.
Fresh pot of coffee and my music playlist. Let's do some comic work.
Sneezing like it's going out of style. Blech, stars.
Need more coffee. I mean braiiins.
Gotta do some fine tune touch ups on my website but it's really close to launching. Just need a decent looking photo of myself...
@reverendanthony I'd love to hear about how much a hand @dameonclarke had in Jack, and how the designers settled on his look.
oh chai tea. nurse me back to feeling better.
Today was amazing. Longest time I was away from the computer! I am tired as hell, though.
Sequel to the bike pic:Oh my God I am so out of shape.
Gonna try this bike riding thing out again. Haven't done this since junior high. 
Spending tonight attempting to get some writing done. Also trying to brainstorm ideas for an upcoming anthology piece.
-does the "my chai tea came in" dance-
@HeatherDoerksen @Robert_Maillet @ShadDistrict11 That picture was done by Makani! 
@pauljholden comic art is not clip art for things blargh.

@pauljholden thanks for the webinar!

Coffee Coffee Coffee I missed doing morning coffee.
Oh sweet Gallifreian Gods Doctor Who is on Hulu. Does this mean I'll be able to see the 50th ann. episode before every inch of it's gif'd?
Chromecast is addictive. Damnit.
@ohcararara tea label?
Oh no Sleepy Hollow is awesome oh no.
@cferrill Wheras I need to go back and play II because I started at III and ran like mad. It's hi-lar-ious.
@cferrill You do realize that #GATV is actually a thing, right?

@reverendanthony Rise to Power, Origin, the style choices in the outfit and gosh, EVERYTHING really.He's one of my favorite villains of all.
Then I remembered that I like SR4 and haven't touched a GTA game since Vice City. So, y'know, whatever.
I'm a little frustrated that the devs behind GTAV basically reasoned that a female lead wouldn't give "the same amount of nuance" as male.
Goal outside of work this week: Launch my portfolio site by week's end. Finally.
I broke down and got my masala chai back. -sob-
@reverendanthony I actually had the same thought when I saw LOST for the first time too. Or "we want to update it, but don't want the ip."
@sashmorky we've never talked before, but I wanted to say I love your art and think you're awesome. &lt;3
@korybing I have the problem where my hair on it's own is really heavy. So I understand the sentiment.
@sporkbot alrighty. Thanks for the help. I appreciate it a lot. &lt;3
@sporkbot the pomade?
@sporkbot @korybing do you two use any products to spike your hair? I have yet to be able to successfully recreate my hawk again. sob.
Finally feeling better. I hope I didn't just jinx myself. Meep.
@sfemonster here to helpif you need me!
The only thing that frustrates me so far with this new haircut is that it's been difficult as hell to recreate my hawk. :(
Woof, physical therapy.
If I had JARVIS I'd install it on my phone. If they'd make it for Android already! 
I suddenly feel incredibly old trying to relearn code. You can make rounded buttons! With CSS! When was this a thing?
I've said it before, I'll say it again. I love @TheDailyShow.
@korybing I hope y'all have a great time at Disneyland I've never gone I hope it's awesome.
@korybing hello Kory!
Enjoying a cup of Son of Coul tea from @AdagioTeas 
I hate feeling crummy but I've gotten through almost all of the first course on code academy in one day. that makes me happy.
Been ploughing through code academy lessons in an attempt to re familiarize myself with coding. I want to make a site for myself again.
I'm looking at more hair care products with short hair than I used to with my long hair. Help.
@davebroughton89 I just want to see equal opportunity jiggle bones. And armor that actually covers things.
@davebroughton89 Not in comics. Or Video Games. (except for the insane amount of hours put into boob physics. apparently.)
Also my first character with damn near impossible hair. 
bargh I really want to do that anthology I just need an older setting story for Askr. Hir current story is a little modern.
@sfemonster I've got a story about a non-binary race of protective tree spirits based off Norse mythos, I'd love to join.
Repeat after me; ''At least it's not my drawing hand.''
Learning about the latest medical issue for me is always a new adventure.
@MarvelHeaven when's it coming out for android? C'mon man, I needs it!
New Avatar. Need to fix colors but I like it.
sorry. Was just testing out @AdagioTeas share to twitter button. apparently still not going through for me. weird. (NBD but still, strange.)
Currently drinking TARDIS Blend tea from @AdagioTeas 
Tomorrow's joy is attempting to replicate this hair of mine. And comic pages.
Now I need to draw NEW ZOMBIE AVATAR yes yes this must happen.
Ahhh so many lovely compliments I'm so happy. Thanks everyone!
@korybing @sporkbot i was really nervous but I LOVE IT.
and now you don't!  @korybing and @sporkbot are the inspiration for getting off my butt and getting it cut. 
now you see it.... 
Er....and I just realized I posted that to facebook. Maybe I should sleep.
Sorry for the weird spam tweet. Realized that trying to plug it in via my phone was not working on the Adagio site. At least for points.
It doesn't help that I had a talk with others about the ''un hireability'' of a shorter haircut arrgh.
I will be doing a before and after shot with the new haircut. I'm very nervous.
@sporkbot not gonna lie, I know it's belated but you and @korybing's hair is what convinced me to finally cut mine super short on Monday.
@sfemonster I think the comic I'm looking to start qualifies. Hee.
No Kiddin. RT @jenn_woodall: feelin corpsey today
time to clean and schedule getting all my hair cut off instead.
Spent thirty minutes trying to model a cable in blender. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong, but my focus is so far out of left field rn.
I got back into doing guild wars 2 for a little bit. Don't know how long it'll last, but hopefully it'll get me to finish those tea labels.
To Do Today: Finish 3rd environment, and START ON MY COMIC PAGES WOO YEAH!
Suddenly I am reminded of all of my cousins' bro-tastic tattoos and realize how lucky I am I live no where near them.
@BrittneySabo ooh lord you were right that is awful.
@BrittneySabo that awful, huh?
whoop hello chai tea latte it's been awhile.
Okay, mild state of panic over. In the meantime, working on some new profile art....again. heh.
@gaybabyranger what is it you're looking for?
Hello momentary moment of sheer panic.
@Emualynk @CousinDangereux @q0rt @BenKuchera I really shouldn't be surprised at this point but I am. WTF is going on?
btw, @ohcararara 's Son of Coul tea goes rather well with caramel macchiato creamer.
Steeping some Son of Coul tea from @AdagioTeas 
Sent in another application for a corgi pup. Keeping fingers crossed. In the meantime, need to fix my printer so I can mail app to a rescue.
I was going petty good with productivity, then I started getting sick. Blech.
@victorclarke Buh, retail.
@victorclarke probably know someone working though. There's that.
Oh my God ihop does tea well ahhhh good morning.
I've been thinking. Lord, I need to do some more creature designs in the later chapters.
I have been craving Masala Chai for the last week like no one's business. I need to finish off some of my current tea before I order new.
Working on some character portraits tonight for the comic.Still thinking about that group idea, I'd love some feedback.
in other news, my dA gallery is moving to 
Oh no I keep thinking about making a dA group to allow people to share/advertise their favorite comics, oh man.
@Venikins I finished off Saints Row IV, an incredibly ridiculous game. So yes, good. (and bad because my hand is still messed up.)
@Venikins I may or...may not have just played games with the BF anyway. whups.
Finished @SaintsRow IV last night. I am really hoping that ending hints at the next game. Or a nice, big, fat DLC adventure.
Kinda torn on trying to work the rest of the night or just try to unwind. I feel like I haven't done much today.
@korybing you mean something that's not a card table? Whoops, guilty over here.
That being said, I may have to dive into SR to catch some of the history here.
Almost completely finished with Saints Row IV. Been a great game but I'm hoping DLC won't be just a ton of little minigames.
My favorite foods are either asian or cajun in origin and that's just fine with me. (Sometimes, even both.)
Finished commission of Handsome Sorcerer from #Borderlands2 : 
Monday: wasps. Tuesday: flat tire. Pardon me if I'm not looking forward to the rest of the week.
Wasps suck. Holy hell, do they suck.
@BugMartini @MatthewForcum B-but...Commie Cookies!
@MatthewForcum  EXPLORATION. ack. Phone.
@MatthewForcum as far as I know, damn near anthesis of boy scouts. LGBT friendly and science/exploitation friendly.
I am getting much better at inks with every new piece I do. Really happy about that.
Don't make a character for a game into a scarred ball of flesh. He turns up into a scarred ball of flesh within the first hour. Hokayday.
Guys, Google is not a proper art source. Those images come from a site, y'know, if you'd click just one more time.
@Venikins I'm doing a little better today though.
Fever aches and sushi cravings. Damnit.
@iSpannerss hey, could you credit art? the Handsome Sorcerer image from this vid 
I keep forgetting to make a post on my @SaintsRow version of game grumps.
Spent some time at a local coffee shop trying to write comic script. Then remembered my brave makes writing a pain.oh well, coffee.
@ohcararara It must've been because I actually sent an ask to someone. Oh geez I'm sorry.
Made Boba tea with the TARDIS blend from @AdagioTeas 
So, uh, my bf and I decided to do a couples' costume set for SRIV. @egoraptor @JonTronShow @SaintsRow 
Hey I'm grump. 
I'm not so grump.. 
Going to go try to set up some boba tea w/ @AdagioTeas and @ohcararara 's TARDIS blend. First time making Boba at home!
@dauntdraws Best of luck hon! Both you and your mom are in my thoughts - I hope she gets better soon.
Currently drinking TARDIS Blend tea from @AdagioTeas 
I have finally had Zapps.
@charfox64 I screwed up my Roman numerals again didn't I?
Bf got me Saints Row VI. Suppose that's encouragement to go get my arm checked out again.
Crap..now I just realized I've got two characters in the first chapter that don't have names. Whoops.
@BrittneySabo @sfemonster better than mine. I mangled an old co-worker's name because it sounded like the perfect comic character name
I just clicked on the HotTopic Website for the first time in YEARS and it...the clothing looks like it did back in high school. Wh...what.
I'm pretty sure the phrase "I need to clean my office" is something I say at least once every week, if not more often.
Still feel like death warned over slightly. At least I've gotten some backgrounds done!
I kind of want to draw night vale fan art but I already have so much stuff to do.
I haven't really been able to do much aside from correspondence today, but hell, that's something too.

@korybing whoop me all the time.
Watching the last season of Teen Wolf while I work and Jesus this freaking show.
Steeping some TARDIS Blend tea from @AdagioTeas 
It's kind of weird to notice that, without trying too much, a lot of my districting of populations matches up with VtM's Old N'awleans.
@wilw Have you seen this?? RT @KonasKorner: Will Wheaton Vault Hunter. #BorderLands2 art at Wizard Chicago 
@Veitstanz I'm here for hugs and a sympathetic ear if you need one. &lt;3
@Veitstanz everything okay?
@korybing At first when I saw it I thought "Holy crap, Citadel became Sniper" then I realized I hadn't had my coffee yet...
Misadventures in deep frying: blooming onion edition 
Making deep fried chicken wings, without a deep fryer. Next up, Bdubs sauce.
...so it's because of file type. Well, that seems to be a bit....yeah.
...what the hell, deviantart. No other site screws with the colors but you. Now a piece that was kind of dark looks pitch black.
Ever have one of those moments where the irony of a certain person making a statement is just overwhelming? Yeah, that happened.
Hey All! Been working on my comic site. I may be pesterin' some folks about if I can add links to their comics on my site in a little bit.
there's a reason why I'm not hand-lettering my comics. mostly because my handwriting is atrocious and takes forever to write.
trying my hardest to work on my website while my attention span allows it. This medication for my wrist makes me incredibly tired.
@NightValeRadio Hey, I'm getting an error trying to open the site. Steve Carlsburg didn't screw it up and blame it on the gov't, did he?
If I get a few character sketches together before I pass out, I'll...oh who the hell am I kidding, I'll just sleep.
@mangastudio @animangasign please oh please oh please, I'd love to show my students a good piece of software they can afford.
Well put: A Creator's Note to "Gatekeepers" 
@ConnorGSims Oh awesome! Thanks for the link.
bloody hell, my right hand keeps feeling like it's falling asleep while typing.
Oh man, just found out about another native New Orleans fantasy critter. Wheeeyesss Grunches!
@sparklinglife34 Miss you too. Hopefully  during the next round of conventions we can see each other. &lt;3
@sparklinglife34 I was nervous for a minute, but good to hear everything is going okay!
Peter Capaldi, I am looking forward to your work. That is all.
Makiiiiing teeea.
@Waffles_FDC @misplacedyank  wish I could see him, he looks adorable as all hell.
@Waffles_FDC Awwwwwwwwwwwwww so cute!
Argh, I forgot how much headphones and glasses suck. Was giving myself a headache.
Anyone have any good Comic/webcomic related podcasts?
Oh bloody hell, just realized that Saints Row IV comes out this month. I need to go back and finish up some games....-logs onto BL2 instead-
@korybing @sfemonster The sass, it is contagious.
bloody hell, order 2lbs of tea, get 16 2-oz packages like you're trying to peddle the stuff.
This guy is awesome. Assassin's Creed 4 Meets Parkour in Real Life - Comic-Con - 4K: 
@derschwigg Revolutionary....riiiiight. (I will be honest, I kind of want to try a pair just because they don't really look comfortable.)
@derschwigg It kind of reminds me of overly Pink Longfall boots. Just...a little overkill with the springs. (okay, a lot overkill.)
True story: the reason why my comic's main character has a trenchcoat is I used to have one in high school - I liked it like I had a cape.
Entering for Agent Coulson Hot Toys action figure @MichaelJFoxOrg's fb page: 
@korybing Why, that's silly. -twitch- no one could come back as a zombie fueled by caffeine. -twitch- That's absurd! Whoops, lost a finger.
Post a bunch of tea suggestions for a friend, the site that I recommend favorites my blog post.
I'm making a list for myself because I've just been jumping from one thing to another and, if left off, will continue to doodle H. Jack.
-put together the site, put together the tumblr, put together the main character's tumblr/concept blog...
I finished all my thumbnails for the comic. Now to....finalize designs, Chapter Title, Environments, Character Pages, Objects of Importance-
Seriously seeing Jill's cosplay of Handsome Jack tweeted by Burch and on the BL2 FB page is kinda neat. She put lots of work in + it shows.
@reverendanthony suppose it's a little late to mention I'm trying to put together this one? 
@JonTronShow A tasty problem?
craaap never had the steam on the glasses problem before forgot about that bloody eff.
Man, kitchens can get...kinda nasty. Better suck it up.
@EricBlackmon: @ShekinahEden @NathanFillion @twhiddleston 
Today has been draining mentally, I would really like to drown in a pile of kittens.
@MagnoliaPearl Hope everything goes smoothly!
Savoring some TARDIS Blend tea this morning from @AdagioTeas 
Goddamnit I can't stop watching Deadpool vs the Universe videos. 
I need to learn how to draw super-muscled guys again. For Creature Design. Mmhmm.
trying to surf dA for references and the new ad system is grating on my nerves p.bad.
Me, very often: 
@korybing @sfemonster @BrittneySabo all the more power to you. Thumbs just help me with camera angles a LOT. Fight scenes ahoy!
@sfemonster @BrittneySabo what they said. Lots and lots of stick figures.
I just ordered two pounds of @TEAVANA 's Berry Almond Amaretto tea. Because I am apparently part british.
@AH_AdamHughes totally a kaiju.
whoops, still trying to finish Assassin's Creed 3. And....doing all the side missions first because this is the one game I'll do it in.
Also, sushi.
I keep focusing on designs for characters that won't happen for ages yet, I need to work on the rest of these folks firssst.
-flails- I never know what to do with my haaaands.
@Veitstanz Drawing out of the comfort zone is always good, but you have a thing for body language even in the head/shoulders/hands you draw.
@Veitstanz Awww he looks so horrified. I love it.
I just caught a glimpse of a drawing I tried to do last night while I was half asleep. Holy crud, it scares me. (it wasn't supposed to.)
@ConnorGSims Sounds like what I plan on doing. It's good to spread the word out too - people rebloggin' all over the place to new folks!
@sfemonster you are wonderful, thank you!!!!
@korybing try blender and the starting tutorial from 
@sfemonster They are awesome tattoos. Now I really want the concept book/wishing I saved the scan that floated 'round tumblr awhile back.
I really need to finish these thumbnail sketches but my body is not happy. or willing. Ugh ugh no stoppit.
Seriously, I loved the movie. And for the most part we had the theatre to ourselves. Kinda sucks, but it was the late showing.
Hooray for Pacific rim not going for the cliche romance between co pilots!
#geekgirls
After nearly 15 years of working in just PS, Sketchbook Express is...different. 
I have come to remember that I remember very little about websites. Argh.
Psst. Night Vale fans. 
@sfemonster @korybing oh gosh Don Cheadle I think I've seen similar pictures for that too. I just like darker skinned Cecil.
@sfemonster @korybing I dig the albinism that I've seen a few times, but someone casted Danny Pudi as him and I can't get it out of my head.
@RayDillon oh man, thanks for the favorite!
Was great to see videos of @twhiddleston in full swing at Marvel's #SDCC panel last night. There is an actor whose enthusiasm I admire.
....as soon as I stop looking at videos from #SDCC. eheh.
In other news, it was really great to meet with @eighmmie and @unapologeticjob last night. Looking forward to what the future holds!
@pcdigital I might give it a shot if I can grab a good screenshot of one! Those things were annoying as hell to fight.
@derschwigg @FRENDEN I love them- the Borderlands 2 piece I posted on FB was done with the pencil and ink brushes.
@derschwigg are they the @frenden brushes? I have them and I love them.
@sfemonster I like the red a lot. Compliments their top.
@shotright thank you!
@plasmawine aw man, thanks so much!
@MrTheBigBadMe12 need moar coffee?
I drew a Borderlands 2 thing. Really diggin the pirate faces from Scarlett's DLC. 
@korybing That's....surprisingly accurate. My other thought was like an Eldritch Eureka. If that makes any sense.
@pvponline @tabletitans  Skull and Catbug. Maybe Scratch too? But definitely Skull and Catbug.
Okay, last thing I'll tweet about the censorship for now. Even though I'm not effected by it, it just seems like poor business practice.

And....starting on my first full comic project. What the hell size do I make these pages, ahaha. Leaning towards 7x10.5 - thoughts all?
