Blacklist update 
Bikini photos update 
I'm an active, curious, smart and extraordinary girl. I'm also a very romantic one. I have... 
I am a gentle, cheerful, lively, witty, active, balanced lady with a good sense of humor. ... 
Passing through the life with a smile - it's constantly about me! I am a very positive, jo... 
I am a balanced, reliable, optimistic, very sociable, curious, genuine, active and hard-wo... 
Im a young girl with lots of interests who finds tons of things to enjoy. I also dedicate ... 
Romantic, kind, intelligent, communicative, interesting person. I can be happy without som... 
The slender, fragile girl who would like to have a man with whom I can feel like "both beh... 
Optimism, patience and reliability- are my main qualities. This is acording to my closest ... 
I am sociable, kind hearted and cheerful dreamer. I am always help people, who need my att... 
I am cheerful, kind, nice, tender Ukrainian lady. To date, I am a student of the universit... 
New photos update 
I can say that I'm very positive, optimistic and friendly. Sometimes I want to be weaker a... 
My personality is open, easy going and full of surprises. I am positive person and always ... 
I am always honest with people, my friends tell me that I am pretty funny and that I have ... 
Warning! The lady is very beautiful and nice Warning! The lady is looking for real love th... 
As I am a chef, I like to cook. I like national dishes, and also l like Japanese, Korean a... 
I am emotional and romantic. Also I am a responsible and kind person, who always wants to ... 
I am a very cheerful and optimistic girl and I love the work I have. Im very sympathetic a... 
I am very big hearted, witty, caring, intuitive, passionate, creative, extreme tenderness,... 
I am romantic, sociable, I am also kind, gentle and caring. I like active type of life: go... 
I am active, honest,caring and a little bit crazy person from time to time. If I like/love... 
New profiles update 
My friends think that I am sociable, sweet-tempered, non-conflict, generous and cheerful. ... 
I have a calm, balanced, tender personality. My friends and my close people can always rel... 
I am active, with a sense of humor, I always like to move. Sometimes I can be very vulnera... 
I'm a calm, well-balanced woman. I prefer to find compromise peacefully than arguing. And ... 
I have a warm and compassionate heart, I am a responsible person and ask for the same in r... 
I am a woman, who I looking for her happiness. I am tired to be alone and all what I want ... 
I am tender and have a very kind heart. I am optimist and have a sense of humor. I am roma... 
I have a great sense of humor and I adore smiling and laughing. I never get moody and most... 
I have lots of love in my heart. And I want to share this love with a real seriouse Man. M... 
I am a person with a heart and soul, I treat people in a way I would like to be treated. M... 
Describing me, my close ones say that I am a lady with a charm, with a sense of responsibi... 
I must admit that I have a charming personality, I think I can show you if I get the chanc... 
I am attractive brunette with good and appetite body forms. I am optimistic woman with goo... 
I am very romantic, joyful and communicative girl. I like going out with friends, watching... 
I'm an imposing girl, with refined tastes. I also very honest person and I do not like to ... 
I am very kind and patient, intelligent, sincere, thoughtful and lively. I always know wha... 
Open minded, mature inside, willing to create family, serious but with sense of humor lady... 
I am cheerful, full of energy, positive emotions and lively! I can also say that I am a pe... 
I am a very positive person, in spite of nothing. I am from a small but charming town of C... 
I am tender and sensitive. I have a big heart and kind soul. I'm pretty emotional, shy but... 
I am kind and sociable Ukrainian lady) I am very open and friendly to people and can alway... 
I am romantic, affectionate, kind and easy-going. I like smiling and you will never see me... 
I am a sociable and happy woman. I work in juridical company as a translator. I like my wo... 
I'm kind, tender and responsive. I Love nature and active rest. I like to be closer to nat... 
I am an optimist, always and everywhere good, tune into good .I hate envy, lies and hypocr... 
I consider myself to be an interesting lady because I am curious and communicative. I like... 
I am very active young lady, aim oriented. Have a perfect sense of humor, like to make jok... 
I am very positive, I have a good sense of humor, laughter is an important part of me and ... 
Lady-battery, nobody knows where i take so much energy, i am inmterested in arts, sports, ... 
Person's eyes can tell a lot, sometimes we even don't need words, I hope that looking into... 
Sociable, I can listen to and love to listen! Kind, slightly harmful, quickly find common ... 
I consider myself to be a funny and friendly young woman. I have finished my education at ... 
I am the best god's creature. I was made for love but love can't find me or i can't fine l... 
I like the beauty of nature, sea, mountains, sun, sand, sunrises and sunsets lie on the gr... 
I am a charming lady, always find a way how to impress people, well mannered, intelling, h... 
I consider myself a happy woman who has a good life. I try to be optimistic all the time. ... 
I am kind hearted and very romantic gir. I am sociable, feminine, honest, loyal, easy goin... 
By my nature I am a very balanced person, kind, gentle, faithful and caring. I am very ser... 
Usually people describe me as an optimistic, open and cheerful person. Well, I guess this ... 
I'm very fun loving person, but with my special man I'm serious. I want to feel love and t... 
I am many-sided person and one can see it in my purposefulness and self-development. I lik... 
I am very loving and devoted woman and for me it is very important to have my beloved besi... 
I could say that I am cheerful, kind, caring and romantic. I want to surround my man with ... 
I am very positive, bright, sociable and cheerful. You are welcome to meet a happy lady, w... 
People say I'm charming, I think it's just a question of being sensitive to those around y... 
I'm a very communicative person. I can easily find the contact with anyone I meet in the f... 
You are nobody until somebody loves you. Im trying to find somebody to love! I am a well-r... 
I immensely love my life and I know how to infect this trait) Adventurous, gentle, sensual... 
I am a very caring lady, I love children. I think anyone who knows me can tell you I'm kin... 
I am a kind person and I like to help people. I am quite emotional and I am always sorry f... 
My name is Julia. I am very feminine lady. I'm kind, cheerful and loving. I do not smoke, ... 
I'm a woman that won't lie you about some boom of chemistry between us, when we'll meet ea... 
I am an open book for those, who can read attentively! I work as an actress in the theater... 
Cute girl from Mariupol who wants to live a happy life. Doing charity work, I love classic... 
. I am a woman with great aims in my life! My dream is to have happy family and loving man... 
I am an intelligent type of woman, calm, open minded and with a sense of humor. I like ver... 
I consider myself a successful young woman. Despite my studying on Cultural Studies depart... 
I'm very open-minded person, artist and have passion for art. I'm kind and caring for my d... 
I can not tell that I am easy going person the same time I am not shy at all. I would say ... 
always friendly and polite. I like to help people in difficult moments of their lives. I h... 
I wish I would manage a large hotel complex. I will have a happy family with healthy child... 
I am an interesting young lady. I have a joyful smile and good sense of humor. I am a frie... 
Blacklist update 
I am very active lady with good sense of humor and can cook like goddess. I am open to peo... 
I am intelligent woman who has strong life values and did not lose hope in love and honest... 
I am cheerful and purposeful girl! I like to surround me comfort and beauty! I am a painte... 
I am passionate and sensual lady who needs to feel love. My friends say that I am very soc... 
It is hard always to describe myself. I try to live active life. People say my main featur... 
An interesting lady looks here for the prince from her fairy tale. I am loyal, funny, seri... 
I am an active girl and I have a wide range of interests. I like swimming, tennis and runn... 
I am very cheerful, kind and friendly girl. I have a dream to find a wonderful man, and I ... 
I am caring, kind and communicative. I am active and cheerful. I like life and I am always... 
I am a very ambitious lady with many goals. I'm hardworking and sensative the same time. I... 
I am strong-willed, resolute, reliable and can do reckless actions. I am creative and posi... 
I can describe myself as an easygoing, cheerful person with a big heart. I am active and s... 
I am very kind and easy going person. I am sociable and interesting. You will never feel b... 
I am simple lady with some life experience and love in the past made me person I am now. I... 
I am very creative and talented, I love nature, music, especially instrumental. I am very ... 
How can I describe myself? My friends think that I am kind, fair and optimistic girl. And ... 
Bikini photos update 
I am a cheerful, affectionate and gentle woman, very sexy and passionate. I try to be opti... 
I dream To belong to unique man.My aim is - to find my Man with light in his eyes. And to ... 
You know, I don't want to tell how i am good or beautiful, you can see my photos and decid... 
I can say that I am very positive person. I love to laugh and to make people laugh. I am a... 
I am a tender young woman who is so much sincere in her natural beauty. I am a little ange... 
I can tell you that I am friendly, i love people, animals, life and everything that is ali... 
I am not a shy person: I will never belittle my merits, but I always take in any critics a... 
I am positive and optimistic girl and always strive for better.I'm purposeful and strong m... 
I`m kind and honest person, who looks for a real feelings with clever, romantic man. I lov... 
I am caring, affectionate and still believe in fairy tale. In my life theres been a lot of... 
New photos update 
If you need a fresh gentle breeze in your life - this is me. It is hard to describe yourse... 
I am kind and sympathetic girl, my friends say that I am happy and with me is never boring... 
I am a pretty, kind and smart lady with big heart and creative soul. I have blue eyes whic... 
I am a family-orientated and serious girl with a tender soul and kind heart. I am kind and... 
I am a honest, kind and good humoured woman searching for a good man, career minded, but I... 
I have bright green eyes, that can tell you how much love and passion inside of me) Becaus... 
I am a many-sided personality with bright temperament and full of love to life heart. I am... 
I'm Choleric with a mysterious character. This means I'm sensible, hard-working, have huge... 
I'm a sort of happy people, I think I'm a really cheerful and funny person, because our li... 
I am honest, punctual, caring, open-hearted. I don't like to argue, I can't stand conflict... 
I can say that I am a girl that love myself. I am an open person, I like to communicate wi... 
New profiles update 
I am a light-hearted and kind woman, communicative. I like an active way of life, energeti... 
I can describe myself as very open and easy-going person. I like to make new friends and I... 
I am positive and communicative lady. I love nature very much. I have two children. My son... 
I am kind, honesty and cheerful person. I have a daughter, who I love most of all, and who... 
I am modest and sincere girl. I think that it is very important nowadays to save such qual... 
I am very self-confident on the outside, but very romantic and vulnerable inside. I grow u... 
Sometimes I think that I have everything, friendly family, real friends, interesting job, ... 
I am sincere, loving, tender, thoughtful, and sensitive. My friends tell me that I'm very ... 
I'm attractive, caring and kind girl, who wants to create a family. I like life and try to... 
I am a smart, beautiful, positive, purposeful girl with big hazel eyes. My life is extraor... 
I'm lucky in life, and now I want to find luck in love. I am confident in myself, artistry... 
I'm an ordinary girl. Cheerful, active. my character is not as difficult. I can compromise... 
I am a woman who already knows what she needs, the liberal, independent woman who's not af... 
I am refined mature lady who wants to find her man at last. I am very cheerful and calm pe... 
I am looking for serious relationships. I am interested in friendship which can lead to so... 
I am here because one of my friends recommended this site to me. A little about me. I am a... 
Hello, I'm a wild tigress but very intelligent at the same time.I have a great mix of qual... 
I am a cheerful and positive woman.I like to get acquainted with new people.Also I am very... 
I am honest, sincere, open-minded, cheerful lady with great sense of humor. I am a student... 
I'm a very shy girl. I am a honest person, that believes in true love, and real feelings. ... 
I am very emotional, sensual, intense, very creative person. I have lots of different inte... 
I'm a very optimistic and independent lady. I'm a good student and I know how to keep the ... 
I am an open-hearted, sincere and kind lady. My heart is filled with lots of honesty, kind... 
I can say about myself that I am kind, faithful, loyal and romantic by nature! My friends ... 
Thanks for taking a look at my profile (smile) I understand that there are thousands of la... 
I am joyful, charming, energetic, caring and very tender person by nature. I like sports a... 
I am sympathetic and sociable lady who likes active rest and travelling, plus I know how t... 
I have a serious stance and big goals in life, but in spite of that I possess a cheerful c... 
I am a creative person. I am a pretty, honest and bright girl. I am very sensitive, talent... 
Hi) I'm an active young girl, who is seeking for responsive feelings somewhere in the worl... 
I'm very positive woman with an optimistic view on life. I'm always in a good mood and it'... 
I am a very active, cheerful, kind and sympathetic girl. I appreciate a true friendship an... 
I am strong and sensitive, loyal, family-oriented woman, looking for my partner in another... 
My soul is full of love, devotion and tenderness and I want to share my feelings with you.... 
I can say that I am open minded and intelligent lady, I am a person who will always suppor... 
I am cheerful and positive girl. On the positive character. I am very romantic personality... 
I have a balanced and calm personality with big eagerness for learning and self-developmen... 
I am a beautiful, intelligent, sensitive, loyal and dynamic girl who can give a man the un... 
I bet, you noticed me, because of my a little bit unique appearance, didn't you? I am sure... 
I am calm, attentive to people and very cutious. I am good and reliable friend, and just a... 
I am communicative and cheerful, positive and I wait from life only good things. I believe... 
Hello! What catches your eyes, when you see at my pictures? Do you see your reflection in ... 
I am so different. I can be gentle and affectionate, when with me someone to whom is not a... 
How better to understand the woman? I guess to look into her eyes.My eyes will tell you ev... 
I am easygoing and friendly person. I always treat to another people like I want they trea... 
I am active, outgoing, creative woman with whom you will never get bored. I am loving, ver... 
I'm an open-hearted and caring girl. I am very kind and a quite serious girl, who try to f... 
I think it's always better to meet person in reality and look into the eyes to know person... 
I am family oriented, friendly and very communicative person by nature, warm hearted, fait... 
Smile and positive attitude to life means a lot for me. I like being active, enthusiastic ... 
My story is very simple and very common. I'm a single mother of a wonderful girl. I don't ... 
I am not that woman who promises good days, I am not that woman who promises easy life. I ... 
I was born in a big and friendly family and that is the reason I want to create my own fam... 
I am a kind, polite, caring and loving woman. I am very positive. I try to smile although ... 
Even being still young but I'm tired to be alone, that's why I look for a man abroad. I ha... 
I am woman who can give you a dream! I always try to get what I want. I am fair and kind. ... 
My friends say that I am the soul of the company. I like to have fun and memorable spendin... 
I live by the principle: Treat people as you want them to treat you. I think that the most... 
I am modest and intelligent, attentive and accurate, damn attractive and charming, passion... 
I am affectionate and charming. I like sharing my smile with other people. I believe even ... 
I have a very gentle and docile nature, like a cat. I love the people around me who love m... 
Have you already finished with my photos and ready to dive into my world? It's going to be... 
I am cheerful and very outgoing person, always optimistic and fun to be with! I love life ... 
I'm a very funny, cheerful, sociable and well-natured person. I'm a romantic, faithful and... 
I am an openhearted girl, who is eager to built a family with the right man. And I am sure... 
My friends say I am an exclusive, original and individual person. I am interesting in comm... 
I am who I am, don't like pretend being someone else. Simple and open girl with kind heart... 
I am very purposeful woman, who knows what she wants. I am down-to-earth and ready for ser... 
I am a girl who has a very kind heart, who will never betray and will always support. I am... 
I am very open and merry person! I am full of energy and love! I share with my love with e... 
Sociable, communicative, on the positive. Photograph - this is my main occupation, video e... 
Blacklist update 
Hi! My name is Lidiya. Ukrainian woman I live in Kirovograd, Ukraine. Our city is small bu... 
I am easy-going and kind person. Friends characterize me as honest, faithful and caring. M... 
I have already been living in Sevastopol for 5 years, I love the sea, the nature and trave... 
Sociable, sympathetic, kindhearted, cheerful blond. I do not argue, listen to somebody's o... 
I am sensitive and caring, loyal and responsible. My friends and close ones can always rel... 
I am a well-balanced lady who enjoys an active and healthy lifestyle. I am a hard-working,... 
I want a family - a typical family with a Sunday stroll in the park, with a delicious dinn... 
I am active,kind,responsive,sober-minded, brave,sensitive.Sometimes I can be stubborn and ... 
I am active, optimistic and purposeful lady. I do not like staying on one place, I have lo... 
Kind lady, who is very lonely at the moment but very positive! I am a good housewife and c... 
I have a calm and balanced personality with positive and kind attitude to world around. I ... 
I think my main qualities are my kind heart and cheerfulness. I smile so much that at the ... 
Cheerful, responsive, sociable and adventurous lady. It is all about me. I can be a good f... 
I could be like a best friend for you,and your best lover or great wife.I am easy going an... 
Hello! I am here to find my half. I think now I'm at that age when I need to enter the sce... 
I am sociable and easy-going person. I am an optimist and see life in bright colors. I can... 
It is always been difficult for me to describe myself because I have so many characteristi... 
I am an open-hearted, kind, loyal, cheerful and caring person. Everybody tells me that I h... 
I am a very open and positive lady who enjoys life as it is. I am here with serious and ho... 
I am a good looking woman from South of Ukraine who believes that international communicat... 
I am very communicative girl,I have a lot of friends. Friends are important for me, I can`... 
young and open girl who wants to create a strong family, in that there is harmony and idyl... 
I am single lady ,who want to find her man ,I like cook ,i dream to be good wife for my ma... 
I am very kind and talented girl! Every day I find new reasons to celebrate. I'm a dreamer... 
I am beautiful, wise girl that believes in fairy-tales and searches a man who can gift it ... 
I am very open and friendly girl. I love to help people. Maybe that's why I chose this pro... 
I am a simple and cheerful girl. I conduct an active way of life. I love socializing with ... 
I am very sociable person.I think that it's really important to be sincere because in that... 
I am a student, study psychology. I like to help people, to talk with them. I believe that... 
Thanks for taking time and for reading my profile. For me age is just a number, so I hope ... 
Bikini photos update 
New photos update 
I am a woman with an easy-going character, I guess life always gives us reasons to be happ... 
I am happy and sweet woman, I have nice personality and I am very kind. I like to do sport... 
I am sweet and sensitive, caring and family oriented. I am cheerful and optimistic. I am a... 
I have fun and nice character. I am talkative, sociable, and easy going person. I like to ... 
I am a romantic woman, loyal, sincere woman. I need to belong to one man in the deep blue ... 
It is difficult for me to charaterize myself. But they say, I am an energetic, brave and k... 
I am positive and positive person. I love laughing and have a great sense of humor. I am v... 
I am very cheerful, optimistic, with sense of humor, active, very positive person and alwa... 
I am cheerful and purposeful.I am a girl who is not afraid to be funny.My main traits-easy... 
I have a sense of humor, sense of tact and sense of taste. I am no ordinary girl. I know w... 
New profiles update 
I prefer to be natural I don't like affected emotions and eyes without any expression. Nat... 
Describing myself I can say I am a tender, cheerful and loving person. I am an optimistic ... 
I'm sympathetic, kind, cheerful, peaceful sometimes shy girl.I very much like to study, I ... 
I'm smart and energetic girl! With me is always fun! Love the cheerful company and interes... 
I consider myself a caring, romantic and loving woman. My friends say that I can be a good... 
I am charming, kind, tender, reliable, fun, light, confident woman. Should I continue? I a... 
I am cheerful and open-minded person who knows what she wants and I am here to find my sou... 
I am a very romantic and sincere woman with strong family values.Sometimes I am naive,but ... 
I am a person who enjoys life, who sees everything in the positive way, I don't understand... 
I am a smiling and positive person with a tender and loving personality. I like feeling a ... 
I am loyal, communicative, easy-going woman. My heart is open for love and I know how to m... 
I consider myself a caring and giving person with a kind heart and golden hands. I never m... 
I'm optimistic, passionate, life loving person! I love humor, I love fun and active rest, ... 
I am a smart, pretty woman, who has a desire to be loved. Since I am rather busy with my w... 
I have a kind and gentle character, I'm very positive and active girl. I love to get pleas... 
I am a person that enjoys life,I am cheerful and charming.I like walks in fresh air, obser... 
If you ever meet me in reality I hope my smile will give you a hint about my personality, ... 
I can describe myself as a soft, balanced and social person. I don`t like arguing and acce... 
I am a tender and warm hearted lady who knows well what she wants in life, who can dream a... 
I am calm, witty, communicative, purposeful, have a kind heart, interesting, delicate. I a... 
In my soul I am a romantic girl who wants to love and to be loved. I am very faithful, dec... 
I am kind and sympathetic! Faithfulness is my motto! I would say I am like a cat - sweet b... 
I am the lady with tenderness and passion in my heart, wisdom and principals in my head, k... 
You can not change the direction of the wind, but you can raise the sail to reach your goa... 
I am considered to be cheerful, honest and reliable with optimistic views. I can also add ... 
Well, I am intelligent, creative, curious and well-educated. I try get maximum from life. ... 
For me, love is very important in life. Whatever I do, I do with love. I think that life h... 
Sincere, modest, poetical, romantic. Open to a new experience, down-to-earth, but still a ... 
I am very self determined, and goal oriented person. I am trustworthy, faithful, kind and ... 
I'm very demanding to myself but very kind and sincere to my close people. I'm hard-workin... 
I am a nice lady with a sweet heart. I am a simple lady, of course, dreaming of becoming a... 
I am a person of strong moral values and principles.I appreciate the inner beauty in peopl... 
I am an attractive, strong, good-looking woman. I have a good taste in clothes and food. I... 
I am bright and cheerful woman with a big heart and little ego. I am person, who enjoys li... 
Hello!I'm a woman with a special character and an amazing life views without bad habits;ve... 
I'm a strong self-confident and romantic lady. I'm tender, caring, while I am not offended... 
I am a real woman who wants to create a wonderful family and be happy! I am so kind to eve... 
I am charming lady who has kind soul and plenty of interests. I am appreciate beauty, and ... 
I can describe myself as cheerful and open lady. I like to have fun, meet new people. I ha... 
I am very positive and bright person .I'm always in a good mood .I have a lot of friends b... 
I am an open and cheerful person, who loves life and tries to see only its positive sides.... 
I am active and easy-going person. I can't sit on one place and do routine work. That is w... 
I am a tender, loving and caring lady. I love nature. I am very devoted to my family and f... 
In general I can describe myself as quiet and easy-going person, friendly and open to new ... 
I am a very gentle,refined, charming, affectionate, loving, benevolent,patient, sincere wo... 
I am a positive, fun loving, kind, optimistic and active lady. I have a very good sense of... 
I don't want to write something not real or banal about myself, like every girl, who wants... 
My name is Yana. I don't have children. I have never been married. I have a university deg... 
I am a romantic and sensual lady. I like the elegance, sophistication. I like the feminine... 
I am responsible, cheerful, sociable and intelligent girl. Always active and hardworking. ... 
I can be described as a 100% woman. That's it. Tender, devoted, caring, charming; always i... 
I am active, communicative, purposeful, assertive person.like most kind of sports and I lo... 
What is love? Love is the sound of two hearts beating in rhythm. I can describe myself as ... 
I am cheerful and joyful woman and I always infect others with happy mood and positive att... 
I am cheerful, sociable, sympathetic woman. I am a strong person to act as a support formy... 
I'm a very merry, joyous and active girl. I prefer healthy life style. I try to take from ... 
I am talkative and communicative young girl, with a lot of friends and devoted family. But... 
I'm a normal girl, with a female character, i don't want to lie and say that I'm the best ... 
As close people say I am active, creative and cheerful lady who loves this life in all of ... 
I am a blooming rose in the fairy garden and I want to bloom for that man who will take ca... 
I am friendly, affectionate, have a good sense of humour and I love life. Having pretty ac... 
Behind every great man there's a great woman? But who really cares about those women? Ever... 
I'm an interesting person, polite, kind-hearted, reliable and loyal , well educated and, I... 
I am reliable, cheerful, optimistic, organized, honest, broad-minded, energetic, patient, ... 
There is so many things I can tell you about me and my life. But I will try to be short no... 
I am romantic, sensual and passionate lady who needs to be protected and to be loved, a li... 
I can say that I'm comletely easy-going person. My character is soft and compliant. I try ... 
I'm a girl with a spark in my eyes and charisma. I love life, family and friends. I am kin... 
I am a very sweet girl who wants a lot of travel. I want to see the whole world with my fa... 
I take care of myself and take care of my inner beauty as well. It is easy to make me happ... 
I am a very optimistic and cheerful lady. I always believe in the better future. I try to ... 
I am a woman who loves life. I am a good looking woman. I am cheerful and sociable person.... 
I am looking for ONE man, MY man. I am clean, beautiful and sensual flower for my special ... 
I can describe myself as a girl who knows how to love, can be accurate and reliable. I lik... 
This year I graduate from my Medical school ( college level) and will take my path as Nurs... 
I'm a very merry, joyous and active girl. I prefer healthy life style. I try to take from ... 
I am very energetic person. My friends say that I am always cheerful and sociable. I am ve... 
I am sincere lady that likes to share positive with people. I am looking for bright emotio... 
Sociable girl with good manners and education. With a sense of humor and kindness in his h... 
I am a lady of my word. I am curious person who is constantly looking for ways to develop ... 
I'm not just a pretty face and I'm really intelligent and well educated, so I have a good ... 
My name is Svetlana which means "light" and many people say I am light inside. Our life is... 
I am fun and unpredictable. I do not like monotony. Very much I like dogs.Studying to be a... 
I am a person who is obsessed with art. I always try to find new ways of self-realization ... 
Blacklist update 
Bikini photos update 
Well, one of my best qualities is my ability to get on with people well. I work in a sales... 
I am a very passionate and active person. My friends often compare me with fire, because I... 
I am sociable, sincere, kind, delicate, sentimental, romantic, intelligent, with a great s... 
Hello. I want to say that i am very interested in search good couple to create stong famil... 
I can show a strong woman, but I need a real man, with whom I will feel fragile girl. I'm ... 
New photos update 
I am strong and confident woman. I know how to be patient and faithful wife, caring and lo... 
Cheerful, responsive, sociable and adventurous lady. It is all about me. I can be a good f... 
I graduated from Poltava Pedagogical University of Korolenko in 2012 as a Bachelor of The ... 
I find myself to be a simple person. I respect people who could enjoy life as it is. I res... 
I am a creative and versatile person. Since childhood I doing ballroom dancing. Also I lov... 
I`m a pretty humble lady, in most cases I try to get to know a person before I start trust... 
I am active and cheerful, live a healthy lifestyle, kind-hearted and secure with myself. I... 
And now about myself. I will tell what I can. I?m relaxed but modest. I?m confident in mys... 
I'm what you can feel as a breath of fresh air. I'm just what you need to feel yourself al... 
I am kind, communicative person. I like reading (classics and psychology and self-developm... 
I am a soft, positive and harmonious personality. I am curious, self-developed, humorous a... 
I am a very reliable and good friend. I care about my mind and develop my intelligence. I ... 
And now about myself. I will tell what I can. I am relaxed but modest. I am confident in m... 
I am lady who always keeps her word. I have strong principles and they help me to make dec... 
I am easy going, sociable, cheerful person. I am optimistic. I enjoy Life. I try to reach ... 
I am the woman who loves communication. No wonder, because I am a teacher and I want peopl... 
I am very glad that you paid your attention to me. Darling, I hope you want to look into m... 
My name is Nadezhda. I graduated from Agrotechnological University with a grade in mechani... 
I will tell you who I am. I romantic, gentle and always cheerful and positive woman. I thi... 
ATTENTION!! I AM FOR REAL HERE AND hope to settle down soon. you?? If you are have serious... 
I am a sociable and cheerful person. I like to walk outdoors and travelling. New places an... 
I am a sociable and open person. I love meeting new people. I like sea, evening walk along... 
My friends would say that I am funny, open, sociable and charming girl. My parents think t... 
If you want to know about me, just ask me, or look in my eyes. You can sink in my green ey... 
I am kind, calm and well-mannered. I was taught that a real woman doesn't need to be treme... 
I am a positive-minded and easy-going person. A lady with a good taste, good manners, righ... 
I am serious but easy to be with, I have many interests and several hobbies that I devote ... 
I am very kind and open person, I am calm and friendly. I want to give my affection belove... 
I am a beautiful young lady with greeen eyes, red hair and full of vital energy. I don't t... 
I am ready to risk, to risk with a serious man. I am an active person and I know what I wa... 
I am as sweet as sugar. as delicious as a piece of ice cream on the strawberries. and I am... 
New profiles update 
You know,throughout my life, I realized that everybody is looking for someone they belong ... 
Are you looking for a goal-oriented, sociable, mature woman who knows what she wants from ... 
I am a go-getter and don't let anything come in my way. If I set my mind toward achieving ... 
The fair, loyal,sympathetic, cheerful, temperamental, sincere, conscientious, thrifty, soc... 
As close people say I am active, creative and cheerful lady who loves this life in all of ... 
I am a mature, intelligent and confident woman. I have been dreaming about love and strong... 
What can I tell about myself.. I'm found of life! I like sleeping, dancing and laughing)) ... 
I'm a person who all interesting, I like to learn something new. I love self-development, ... 
To say about my character i would say that I am very calm person. I am caring loving kind ... 
I am a strong person and at the same time kind, gentle and affectionate woman, I am purpos... 
I`m a creative person with a light crazy notes and a huge sense of humor. I`m sure that lo... 
I am cheerful and sociable. I love going to the movies, to the beach and to the theater. I... 
I'm kind, cheerful, sociable, romantic, ambitious and full of energy lady. I'm looking for... 
What can i say about myself...I think you should ask my friends first about my character.B... 
I think I'm person full of energy! And I want to find man with whom I can share it! I went... 
I'm romantic girl, tender and caring. Sometimes I think that I'm too modest, sometimes not... 
What I strongly believe in is that if you want to make your dreams come true, the first th... 
I am tender lady, who was raised in love and care. I like to help people. I like to meet n... 
I live in Sevastopol since 1993. Before this I live in St. Petersburg. I love animals (exc... 
I am a kind, responsive and sociable woman. I am an optimist and I easily make decisions. ... 
I am here to meet you in real life and make you believe in love. I am always open for ever... 
I am a light cloud of love, passion, energy, and I am ready to give it to someone special!... 
Passionate, strong, ready for changes - these are my main qualities. I am very active and ... 
I am a lady who has calm character. I am patient and loyal. I think that compromises is th... 
I have a very active and passionate character. I am realy woman:can be capricios and brave... 
I'm pretty outgoing and enthusiastic girl. My best friends say that I am very reliable, so... 
Blacklist update 
I consider myself a lady with a soul, with morals and decency. I am a responsible and tact... 
I am romantic nature, and I like to communicate with people. Very easy I can find common l... 
I am honest and sincere, kind, also compassionate and generous with my time.I have a great... 
I am easy going person, I am not complicated at all, if you know me better, you will see i... 
Confident, faithful, romantic, easy-going, with the sense of humor. Very devoting to my cl... 
I think my eyes and hair color tell all! I am a a fire - kind, honest and a sensual person... 
Who am I?I am a woman with a sense of humor,who is able to make somebody laughing,I am of ... 
Responsible, kind, loving, caring, sensitive. I am non-confrontational person who is tryin... 
I am a woman who wants to be loved. I believe that it is possible to find some plus points... 
I am a woman, who is in love with a healthy life style! You can obviously see it from my p... 
Thanks for paying attention to my profile. I am a cheerful, kind, passionate girl who is l... 
I am honest, sincere, interesting, cheerful, sometimes crazy, serious, sexy, and very curi... 
I am an honest, kind and sensitive girl who wants to find love with a good and kind man. W... 
I love life and all the wonderful things it brings to my existence. I am very positive, ve... 
I am a unique person, trust me you will not find someone like me! sincere, open-minded and... 
Bikini photos update 
I'm just a simple girl, honest, and hardworking. I am very understanding and patient. I am... 
I am pretty well-balanced and soft personality who is able to compromise and always ready ... 
I am in a great age for a woman. I am 29! I am still young but I am also very experienced ... 
Gentle, affectionate and lonely girl looking for a man dreams.I am very curious and impati... 
Each woman has to have a zest. I think I am not an exception! I am interesting and curious... 
First of all I want to tell that I am positive person. I always try to find something good... 
I am simple and pleasant girl, who looks for love and happieness. I am sinsere and open pe... 
I am kind, tender, loving, caring, attentive girl that would like to meet my love. I am a ... 
I am smart and well-educated girl and I have a great sense of humour, wonderful smile and ... 
I am very nice and sensitive, kind and cheerful woman, I will give you all of me, like nob... 
New photos update 
I am often said that I look like a girl. It is a gift of nature, but inside I am a grown u... 
I am a down-to-earth and tolerant person. I can easily adjust to different life situations... 
I am active and full of energy , independent lady . I am romantic and passionate . I am ki... 
I'm fun loving, sociable but somehow still alone. Not quite alone, I got good friends but ... 
I am very happy to start my search! If i were asked how i can describe myself I would say ... 
I`m pretty, purposeful, active and responsible. Kindness, honesty, sincerity and mutual ai... 
Are the eyes the mirror of the soul? I saw lots of the mirrors. Some of the mirrors show e... 
My friends say that I am very kind, honest and have a good sense of humour. I am very affe... 
I am romantic, sincere, and very sociable. I have always a good mood and try to smile all ... 
I am 20 years old. I am responsible, gentle, smiling, beautiful, single-minded, loyal, but... 
Simpatic woman , divorced, rather attractive and romantic; and at the same time I am a ten... 
I can say that I am effect, attractive, compulsory, with tender soul. I am looking for ser... 
I do not want to be a mystery until you contact me, but you can know me what person I am o... 
I am a charming lady who loves life and has a good sense of humor!My friends say that I am... 
I temperamentally calm and balanced person. I'm fun, I like to spend time with friends.I a... 
It is hard to tell about myself. I am honest, kind, sociable, communicative, positive and ... 
I am very open girl, Cheerful and very communicative when I know a person quite enough. Yo... 
Hello my dear. Here i want to find the man with whom i will have special relations. I am o... 
I am very passionate woman. It is shown in every aspect of my life. I always stay positive... 
I am a dreamer and convinced that dreams have to be courageous and desperate, because they... 
If I had to describe myself just with few words, I would tell that I am most optimistic an... 
I can say that I am intellectual, witty; I can easily support any interesting discussion. ... 
I am a very tender and gentle girl. I have a soft character. I will always pay attention t... 
New profiles update 
I am easy-going and sunny person. I am always smiling and give the sunny and warm smiles t... 
I am calm, well-balanced, accurate, easygoing, not scandalous, caring one-man woman who va... 
I work in a healthcare. I like my job very much. I lead active lifestyle. I like running w... 
I am calm,romantic,sociable,decent,reliable, honest,patient,modest,tolerant,serious,realis... 
I am here for searching my the only one. I am an active, sincere and smart girl. I am real... 
It is difficult to assess and characterize myself. So I will try to do this. I'm very kind... 
I am an optimist and a very open person. I am honest and calm. I am serious at my work and... 
I know that if man is really interested in some woman - he'll always find an opportunity a... 
I am quite serious girl and try to find my man. Im very romantic person and I do believe i... 
I am kind, sincere, reliable, cheerful. I valuewonderful moments and my friends. I never g... 
I live in Lugansk live in this city since birth, proud of it, and love him very much. inte... 
I am very cheerful and charming. So about me tell my friends. I do not love myself enough,... 
I'm like a waterfall of positive emotions and joy. Wherever I go I bring happiness and lau... 
I know what I want from life. I try to do all my best to get it. And still I am a romantic... 
I am very kind, nice and sympathetic girl who wants to find happiness. I am very communica... 
I am very kind, open and active person ..mmm.. just look in my eyes and you will see all m... 
I am a classy woman, I am interesting in communication, well-educated and good-mannered. A... 
I am an easy-going, kind, loving and passionate person, leading active style of life, comm... 
I am very cheerful and sociable, always help you in difficult times. I am a humble and ded... 
I think I am a good humoured, very responsible, hard working and emotional person. I like ... 
Sweet like a candy, who wants to melt in hands of beloved man! I am romantic person, adore... 
I am a kind, nice, honest and warm woman. I love to do things I never done before.Also I a... 
My character is like two sides of a medal. I could be reasonable and calm person on the on... 
I am very active, nice, always support in difficult minute, I like communication with new ... 
I am very glamorous lady and I do like when people around me are having fun! Despite the f... 
I am a tender and gentle lady with strong character; I easily achieve my goals and never g... 
I am very sincere, kind and tender woman, who can always understand and support her man in... 
I am very loyal person, who loves life and who wants to be happy. I care about my health a... 
Honest, cheerful, always positive - I try to take from life everything I can, go through l... 
I enjoy romantic evenings, intercourse with interesting clever people.I like exploring the... 
I believe that people's dreams always come true, when someone really has a strong will.My ... 
If anyone has a lack of energy or power it is not about me! I can even share it. Kindness ... 
If life throws you a lemon, hurl a melon back.This expression describes my optimism in lif... 
I am kind, cheerful, communicative, romantic and goal-oriented person!I am a very happy an... 
I have huge hope you will love me from first sight and first word! I have a warm character... 
in my age I do know what I want and why am I here. I took the courage to make the rest of ... 
I'm a single mom, raising a little gentleman - hope to give him best i have and know. Lovi... 
I have only one life, that is why I try to make it interesting, bright and colorful .This ... 
I am a very sweet, sociable and easy-going lady. In any situation I remain positive and op... 
I consider myself a girl with a good sense of humor. I am a good friend, always support in... 
I love life. I try to look at everything positively and Im ready to accept challenges as p... 
my name is Aleksandra and I live in Ukraine. I am looking for only serious relations and h... 
I am open, sociable, cheery, responsive and kind. I find myself balanced person, but not t... 
I think that people should take as much positive emotions from life as it possible. I am a... 
I am an open-minded, tender and sweet lady. I am really positive and energetic and always ... 
What can I say about me . creative nature. I am bright and friendly. I'm kind and communic... 
I am cheerful and active girl, who can't live without adventures! My biggest dream is to v... 
I am sociable, friendly and optimistic young lady.I can be a strong person but inside I am... 
I can assure you that I am here and now seriously looking for a man to share my life with.... 
I'm soft and tender person but have strong character and my values in life. I consider mys... 
I love to dance .This is my favorite thing to do. Dancing I give myself completely. I real... 
I am a lady with sweet, tender and romantic personality. I am not a material girl and for ... 
I am sensual, fun to be with, charming, kind and loyal person. I am very romantic and sens... 
Blacklist update 
I am romantic kind of lady and always have been. I believe its something we need to keep a... 
I'm sentimental, tender and sensual person. I like to spend time with their children.I am ... 
I am generous, honest, kind and romantic person. I hope that the qualities you look for in... 
I'm a very kind-hearted, romantic and sincere woman and I really believe that I'll find th... 
I am sociable and ambitious person. I'm kind-hearted, traditional, well-educated, honest, ... 
I am very calm,intelligent, tender and easy-going.I am very romantic. It is not trendy now... 
I am an easy going and kindhearted person. I always try to help people. I like discovering... 
I have open and loving heart, and a lot of care for others. I believe that we are all the ... 
I consider myself as a kind, calm, and demure personality. My balance helps me overcome al... 
I am positive, calm, peaceful, and friendly girl. I am hard working and responsible at the... 
I am sociable, kindhearted and cheerful dreamer. I am a devoted friend! I always improve m... 
I am active, energetic, sincere and loving lady. I am here, because, I have a great wish t... 
It is hard to describe myself in a few words, but I'll try. I am sociable, responsible, se... 
I am a young mother, I love children, especially my daughter, I am cheerful, friendly, act... 
I am like a stream of energy. I respect other people and always try to consider their opin... 
I'm responsible, hard-working and I also get along with people. I'm also easy-going and op... 
I am very positive and bright.I am always in a good mood)I have a lot of friends but want ... 
First of all, I think I am a very kind and caring person. I always do my best to help peop... 
I am cheerful, I love and care about animals, I prefer evening walks, with friends, in my ... 
Bikini photos update 
If not to mention my modesty , I can say that I am a good person, a true friend and a cari... 
I am honest, sincere, interesting,kind, loving, good, polite and gentle,cheerful, sexy, an... 
I am a simple girl from Ukraine. I want to find my woman hapiness, real and sincere love. ... 
I can tell you that I am confident woman. What am I mean? Confident woman for me, like a r... 
I can be emotional. I am a woman that can be as comfortable in either jeans, or a formal d... 
What can I tell about myself! I am very active, always open to something new and interesti... 
I am a very sociable and reliable person. I like to communicate with interesting people. A... 
I am simple lady with some life experience and love in the past made me person I am now. I... 
My friends say that I am a pretty calm person.I don't like noisy parties,and I prefer to s... 
Intellectual developed lady, with deep sense of humor and positive attitude to life, loyal... 
New photos update 
About myself I can say that I am balanced, loyal, kind , generous and open! I have a good ... 
Speaking about my character I want to say that I am very assertive, I try to do my best to... 
My close people say that I am the heart of the family, my friends think that I am cheerful... 
I am an easy-going and kind-hearted personality, thoughtful and goal-oriented as well as e... 
I am extremely easy-going, sweet, sociable, tender, caring and madly loving the life lady!... 
I would love to say that I am a honest and serious person. I like to be open with everyone... 
I love to watch my appearance and self-development. I love meeting new interesting people,... 
I can write all about me, but I do not want this information to be for anyone man. On this... 
To tell about myself, I would like to say, that I have everything in my life, but the only... 
I am family -oriented woman. My family is all for me, I am ready to create comfort in the ... 
I am clever,beautiful trustful,playful,purposeful, sympathetic. I am a romantic, tender, k... 
I love my family. I am a good natured, caring, conscientious and strong-willed girl. I am ... 
I am very cheerful and positive person, I love to smile and laugh a lot. I am a technologi... 
I like to smile and see the smiles of others. My element combine opposites: drive and tran... 
I am young and not stupid. Have my own vital interests and positions. sometimes I am angry... 
I am the man of moods. The soul of the company. Always smile, I can lift your mood. I am a... 
I am cheerful and very outgoing person, always optimistic and fun to be with! I love life ... 
I see myself as a leader. I'm mostly confident, positive, smart, responsible and cheerful.... 
I am communicative, open minded, cheerful person. Family and friendship are very important... 
Certainly,It's better to ask my friends or parents about my character,but I can tell you t... 
New profiles update 
I am a cheerful and friendly person, I am open and communicative. I have a good sense of h... 
I am a creative person. I am a pretty, honest and bright girl. I am very sensitive, talent... 
I am quite an open, interesting and sincere lady. What can I say about myself?I am a uniqu... 
I am nice, reliable girl who dreams of building a strong, united family. I want to take ca... 
I am very communicative girl,I have a lot of friends. Friends are important for me, I can`... 
I am serious, responsible, kind, smart, honest, elegant, sociable, confident, romantic wit... 
I am a very cheerful and sociable person. I am easy to make friends. I am always open for ... 
I am emotional, tender, cheerful, active, like active sports, responsible, I am very sympa... 
It is hard to tell about myself but still I have something to say. I am a good hearted wom... 
Somebody will say I am calm person, somebody will consider me active and goal-oriented lad... 
I am young, educated, well-groomed girl, easy-going, cheerful I am smiling and creative la... 
I am a friendly and sweet girl. I lead active and healthy life style. Not looking at my ex... 
I can be described with the following lines: "I love the cozy fireplace, Soft blanket and ... 
I am looking for my soul mate here, because I do not know where else to search for Him, bu... 
I am very active and positive girl. You will never be sick and tired with me. I take from ... 
I am kind and tender, I can love and be loved. I am resoinsible and caring, but nebertherl... 
I love to walk on the fresh air, spend time with family and friends, going to the movies, ... 
I am cheerful, sweet, sympathetic and goal-minded lady. I have a kind heart and I can love... 
kind, sociable, cheerful, sympathetic, caring, humorous, attentive, affectionate, gentle, ... 
I am very calm and goal oriented girl and very self confident, open minded and active! I a... 
I am cheerful, optimistic and easy-going person. I believe that communication between peop... 
A am sensitive,modest, but demanding, I am caring of myself either my appearance or my inn... 
I am a girl of 21. I am a student. I am very emotional, sensual, intense, very creative pe... 
I can say that I am a purposeful lady who is full of energy and always cheerful. I am very... 
Passionate, strong, ready for changes - these are my main qualities. I am very active and ... 
Look at me.I don't like to boast, but I can be a good match for you) I am positive person,... 
I am a goal-oriented person, I like to set goals and achieve them. I love everything new a... 
I am a very active and purposeful, but in the same time my friends call me the brightest e... 
I am sociable and funny, purposeful and reliable. I am that person who will be always with... 
Call myself an active person. I have quite a quiet character, I'm neat and carefully monit... 
I am cheerful, sympathetic, positive, kind, cheerful, sympathetic, hardworking, quiet. I l... 
I consider myself a caring, romantic and loving woman. My friends say that I can be a good... 
I am cheerful and optimistic woman. I enjoy every minute of the day on this planet. I love... 
I am a communicative, active and energetic woman, I am full of life and have this unique z... 
I have a very loyal and patient personality. At least I was told so by many of the people ... 
I am very cheerful and positive. I like to get out of life positivity, inspiration and lov... 
My friends would say I am a sincere, kind and cheerful lady with a good sense of humor. I ... 
My friends say that I am very kind, honest and have a good sense of humor.I am very affect... 
I am kind and simple person. I am active in life and I prefer to do something but not just... 
I studied at the University of trade and economy and work at our home business cafe as a s... 
I have decided to be on this site and search for my special man, I will devote myself comp... 
I`m very energetic, active and cheerful person. But sometimes I can be a little sad. Maybe... 
I am emotional, intellectual, artistic and sincere lady. I am an attractive person both in... 
I am reliable and honest that's why people can easily trust me. I am never bored being wit... 
I am a young spirited person, but mature enough to have values and morals in my life and t... 
I am cheerful and ambitious person. I like Sunbeam like to give people the warmth and joy.... 
If you are searching for very positive lady, I can congratulate you because you found it! ... 
In a few words I can say that I am a many-sided person. Today I am sweet and nice, and tom... 
I'm charming and nice lady looking for my beloved and for my second half! I'm very active ... 
I am an optimistic and kind girl. I adore communication with other people, it brings me a ... 
I am a person who values sincerity and responsibility because I am also of that kind. Also... 
I am merry,sweet,charming,cheerful girl. Always with all polite and sociable. I am not afr... 
I am very curious type of person. I can make you sure that I am pedantic lady who likes to... 
I am an easy-going and calm person who prefers a good company of close friends to noisy pa... 
I am a very romantic woman with a good heart and soul. I am a very simple and laid-back pe... 
I am a kind, open-minded person with a big heart. I smile a lot and I like to give people ... 
By nature, I am romantic, sensitive, emotional, feminine, kind and sociable. I like comfor... 
I am amiable and patient, sanguine, punctual, modest, neat, hard-working and active. I fee... 
I am kind, modest lady, but at the same time stubborn and resolute. I love home coziness a... 
I am a curious,communicative, kind, romantic,responsive, tender, caring, with a sense of h... 
I`m a good woman with a positive thoughts in life, who always enjoy having new friends in ... 
So here I am trying to present myself in the best way! I will do my best! I am communicati... 
I always create positive aura and that's why I have many friends and appreciate any "gift"... 
I'm as I am. My main feature is individuality. Each must be individual even when he is sam... 
I am honest and kind person, always help my friends, support them and ready not only to be... 
I am very honest person. I believe that it is better to hear the bitter truth then a sweet... 
Can you look into my eyes and guess what I am thinking about now, is it difficult for you.... 
True woman is like a diamond or a flower. She has many different petals or facets, which s... 
I am very communicative, nice person. I can listen to and give a good advice. I know what ... 
I can tell you about myself that I am a very nice interesting girl. I love my life. I'm a ... 
I am sociable, friendly and optimistic young lady. I know what I want and i am very purpos... 
I am an active girl! I want to live interesting and colorful life. I pride myself in being... 
I am an extraordinary and creative woman. I try to stay positive always and like to give s... 
A lady with a mystery looking for her beloved one. I am sure it is better for you to disco... 
I am a lady, who has lots of energy. I'm a fun, smart, spontaneous,kind, generous, confide... 
I am very nice, kind and friendly woman. I am a person who is really caring, understanding... 
I'm a very curious and active person, who just opening something new for myself. I love tr... 
Do you want to meet a woman of creative temperament and charming personality? Then my prof... 
I used to be strong person; I used to take decisions rather quickly when it is necessary. ... 
I believe that woman is like a flower, beautiful and unique) I am like an orchid, I like t... 
Blacklist update 
I'm looking for stability and love on this site. I got a Mature vision of the relationship... 
I'm very active and goal oriented person.I'm an honest person, so I appreciate honesty in ... 
I love it when stroking the palm . I like when they look in your eyes . I love scalding co... 
I'm tender, sensitive, kind and caring woman. My character is open. I am easy-going and co... 
I am cheerful and friendly, with a lot of positive emotions and impressions from life! You... 
I am lady with a hot temperament and the soul of rebel. My friends are telling me that I a... 
I am very open, friendly and sincere person. Always believe in something better and bright... 
Bikini photos update 
I have a soft and tender heart, a compassionate and kind soul. I am responsible and tactfu... 
Sadness is not a feeling that has to be in a heart of any person. I do not belong to peopl... 
Living life with passion is what defines my personality. I am an open, sincere, positive l... 
I'm kind, loving and romantic. I adore cooking, also like romantic evenings, reading books... 
Im gentle, feminine girl, a bit shy. But I can be very passionate with the right man. Can ... 
I am a well-educated person, and also I do my best to improve myself. I am a sociable, sel... 
People say that those who has blue eyes are the most sensual persons in the world. I belie... 
I am a very cheerful person, and I like to enjoy life. I'm well educated and they say I'm ... 
I am a happy, positive girl. I try to be interesting and nice for my partner. I go for com... 
I am communicative, cheerful and calm girl. It is easy to find a common language with all ... 
New photos update 
I know how to laugh at myself. By nature I am "owl". My dream is to jump with a parachute.... 
I have a good heart, I am a romantic woman, loyal, sincere woman. My personality is quiet,... 
If you will ask how I can describe myself with three words then I would tell that I am che... 
I am a creative person, and I see two realities: the one reality is all my photo projects ... 
I am a gentle, kind, sensitive, sincere, open, shy, nice, beautiful and good. Im creative ... 
Air and live, wanderer, in whose eyes sparkle sparks dying sun . A slight smile and though... 
I am very polite and tactful, I enjoy communication and I have a great sense of humor and ... 
I am a very charming and tender lady. My smile can make the world a better place for your ... 
I am a gentle, easy-going, sexual and family-oriented lady. I like to bring home comfort a... 
I am very positive girl with lots of energy. I like to consider myself as a very good cook... 
I am cheerful, kind, honest. I like an active lifestyle.I am kind hearted, serious and hon... 
I am cheerful, kind, sociable, curious. I like to meet new people, share thoughts and idea... 
New profiles update 
I am very calm. I do not like conflicts and yelling. I respect other people and their way ... 
I am active, energetic, communicative, attentive and careful woman. Like every woman I am ... 
Im very clever and positiv person. I like traveling and nature. i also like to listen to m... 
I am very sociable person. I like to spend time with my friends and family, the same time ... 
I am kind, sincere and purposeful woman.I believe in true love and I hope I will find it h... 
I am very joyful and open person. The most important thing for me is my family. I am very ... 
I am very positive. I enjoy life, and try to find a pleasure and excitement in everything ... 
Life is like a dance for me. I try to live my life like a beautiful interesting wonderful ... 
I'm a calm girl, I know what I represent myself and what I'm worth in life. And I'm not sa... 
I consider myself to be a positive person, smiling and kind. I am self-confident, purposef... 
I am a mystery, I am explosion of emotions, I am impish and some times shy. My soul is ver... 
I am an active, open-minded girl, I am independent and have a great sense of humor)Mostly ... 
I hope that this site will help me meet my love. I can say about myself that I am a cheerf... 
I am honest and reliable person.When I set a goal I do my best in order to get what my hea... 
I am a lady who values honesty, romance, understanding and tenderness in relations. I'm te... 
I'm very open, fun and cheerful person. I love to explore the world and meet new people, i... 
I am an unusual lady. I like to communicate with interesting people and to bring bright em... 
My name is victoriya. I live in Ukraine in the city of Nikolaev. I am cheerful, communicat... 
I would describe myself as a creative and extraordinary woman. I constantly try to fill my... 
I consider myself an honest, responsible and punctual person. I believe in the saying "tre... 
It is not an easy thing to speak about myself. But let me try. I believe I am a nice and q... 
I would like you to know that I am a life loving person and that is why I am trying to enj... 
I can be shy at first but once you get to know me you'll see I'm just a nice person with l... 
I do not hesitate, I never blush, I do not worry before trials.. I do not bustle about tri... 
What can I say about myself? I can say that I am a positive and open person. When people a... 
I wish to find a real man whom I could feel myself loving and happy with. In relationship ... 
Once I heard the phrase of Bil Keane: "Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but to... 
I can consider myself a creative personality, I am hard-working, active and tidy. My chara... 
I am a nice attractive lady, classy and intelligent. I am here because I am ready for seri... 
I'm an open-minded, passionate, enthusiastic, optimistic, cheerful and active girl. Want t... 
I am a kind, caring and tender woman. I think that I am gifted in my profession, I am a go... 
I am a young, active, sexy, optimistic and cheerful lady. I am responsible and punctual. I... 
I'm a fairy-tale needing someone to fulfill it with the help of magic. I'm a book needing ... 
I am kind, open-minded and caring lady. Despite of my age I am mature inside for create a ... 
I am a shy, modest and kind woman. I enjoy traveling and discover new places and learn new... 
I am a student. I am very emotional, sensual, intense, very creative person. I have very e... 
I am an ordinary girl from a lovely city. I can talk on any subject! You will never feel y... 
I dream to love and to be loved! I am caring and tender but passionate and cheerful at the... 
I am a lady who needs affection, love, understanding and romance. I have an open and kind ... 
I am a sweet, clever and tender Ukrainian lady. I am economist and I like my job very much... 
I am easygoing and kindhearted person! I like to live my life like each day is the last on... 
I won't make illusion of a perfect woman. I'm REAL, what it means to be a REAL will be abl... 
I am a very tender and gentle girl. I have a soft character. Im always pay attention to my... 
What I can say about myself. I am rather active girl. I like beauty in all it s way. I lik... 
I am very open woman ! And as all here i am looking for real love ! BUT i do not want to p... 
Cheerful, kind, sociable, active, persistent, addictive, sincere, affectionate, conflict-f... 
By character I am very calm, even-tempered and rather quiet. My friends say that I am a go... 
I am kind and warm hearted. It is difficult to stay indifferent when I see somebody in nee... 
I am an outgoing person with a lot of energy. I like to go out and have fun with my friend... 
I am communicative and easy going. My best feature is creativeness - I like to try new way... 
A woman is a special creation. It is the best gift that this life can offer a man. I am a ... 
The main thing that you need to know about me is the fact that I want to love and be loved... 
I always try to be optimistic, communicative, cheerful and well-balanced! I can be fearles... 
I like dancing, singing, listening to music. I enjoy the sea very much. I like open wild w... 
I'm easy-going and optimistic young lady, who likes making romantic things and different s... 
I am very easy-going, sweet, caring and happy lady! I like finding joy in every day and in... 
I am tender and gentle, sincere and honest, very feminine and sensual, sexy and passionate... 
I consider myself as a kind, calm, and demure personality. My balance helps me overcome al... 
Hello everyone as all you I would love to find my soulmate, my beloved ,to become loved an... 
I am a very joyfull and active person. I love life and try to move on not looking back to ... 
I am not like many other girls on the site. You can see it from my eyes. I have the pure i... 
Hello, Dear! I am easy-going person...I like spend time with my friend my I dream about a ... 
I am very calm, honest, open girl. By its nature, I am an emotional, fun to use. I like to... 
Well, I'm cheerful, positive person, romantic and with goals in my life. I possess friendl... 
It is complicated to speak about myself as I am a little shy girl, I think the real man ca... 
I am joyful, charming, energetic, caring and very tender person by nature. I like sports a... 
I think I am warm hearted and romantic woman. One of my sides is arts and I like to travel... 
Blacklist update 
I can describe myself as calm and balanced, but I am capable of spontaneous action. I am a... 
I am very sincere and cheerful girl and always speak from the heart and with an open mind.... 
Catch me! Never let me go, and I will bring happiness to your life. I am a bright and warm... 
I have strong family values and a very clear idea of true, faithful, honest, firm relation... 
I am quite emotinal, happy, with great sense of humor. I like to meet new people and make ... 
I am an artist and like everything that is connected to design and artwork. This is my pas... 
I am a merry, nice, kind, active, romantic, caring, gentle woman. I am single and would li... 
I am calm, tolerant, kind, romantic, creative, energetic, with a good sense of humor. I al... 
I believe that genius lies in simplicity. I am neat and organized. I always try to be kind... 
I`m caring and responsible. I`m a woman who appreciates love, loyalty, emotions and suppor... 
If you would like to meet a good-hearted man. I am tender, feminine, caring, reliable, swe... 
I am a cheerful, kind, affectionate, sociable and hardworking woman. I love my family and ... 
I am active and easy-going person. I like to spend time with friends and have fun. I am al... 
In reality I am a very creative person. I have this creative approach to all things, almos... 
I am interesting, sociable girl, studying at the university, I dream to become an ideal te... 
I am very cheerful and sociable. My friends say that I have innate kindness and politeness... 
Bikini photos update 
I can describe myself according to the rule of 4B! Do you know what that means? I am the B... 
I am romantic and tender, gentle and kind, but sometimes can be a wild cat too. I like to ... 
I am a very emotional, sensual, intense, very creative person. I have very extra-ordinary ... 
I have an ocean of love inside and I will give it to one person only because I'm one man w... 
I want to say that I like to laugh and almost always smile. I know from my life that when ... 
sociable, learning to be a programmer, I read books, I love to cook,I like to relax in the... 
I am friendly girl, open mind, clever, purposeful, reliable, faithful, serious,responsible... 
Adequate, like communication, meet new people, I love to discover new things, will update ... 
romantic girl who loves life and sun, energetic, do not like to sit still, like active res... 
New photos update 
I'm very active, easy-going and open-minded person! I'm sure we should look at our life po... 
Many different qualities are combined in me. I am supportive, honest, faithful, kind, roma... 
I am active, reliable, sociable and understanding. People also say, that I am charming, ro... 
My age prevents me to play games here, so as you can guess I have only serious intentions.... 
I am honest and family oriented woman. I believe in a good fortune, miracles and love. My ... 
I am a pretty girl with a pleasant character. By my nature I am a romantic and creative pe... 
I am beautiful, kind, fragile, gentle, open, honest, energetic, sincere, emotional. I love... 
I am a very cheerful,kind,communicative, understanding,loving and tender woman. I consider... 
I am friendly person with good sense of humour. I don`t smoke. I am ready to give you a he... 
I am very sympathetic good girl with a good sense of scream, sociable, I like to learn som... 
I hope you will find in me the lady of your dream. The lady from all your night dreams. Th... 
I'm a feminine and loving woman. I prefer to accept each situation in my life with a smile... 
I am your shock to your system!I am your rebellious love baby! Only i can turn your life u... 
I am a kind, responsible, intelligent, honest, pretty, and well-educated person. I am very... 
I have a sense of humor and I am an optimist. I am very creative person and I like art a l... 
I think I am confident and I know exactly what I am doing in this world. I like to be femi... 
New profiles update 
I'm good, very sociable. I love to have fun with friends. I am very devoted to life and al... 
And now about myself. I will tell what I can. I?m relaxed but modest. I?m confident in mys... 
I am kind, cheerful, sociable and active. I adore spending time outdoors with my family an... 
Life is simple and so great. I enjoy each moment of my life and accept everything it bring... 
I'm responsible, honest and kind lady. My character is calm and balanced. More likely I'm ... 
I am a very ambitious and purposeful person. I always reach my goals and believe that ever... 
People say that I'm a beautiful, intelligent and easy-going person. It's not very good to ... 
Currently working as a designer interior, and previously worked in the trade and studied a... 
I am a calm, kind, caring and loving lady. I enjoy spending time outdoors and I am fond of... 
I am kind , polite and smart girl. I am very serious about finding someone to share and en... 
First of all I would like to notice that I am absolutely real, young, family-oriented, sup... 
I am temperamental woman. I am cheerful, convivial and sociable. My sense of humor always ... 
I think that the impression of me you would have after personal communication, but I will ... 
I am kind, feminine, with good sense of humor sensual, affectionate and passionate person.... 
I'm what you can feel as a breath of fresh air. I'm just what you need to feel yourself al... 
I'm easy-going, I'm tender and passionate woman. I'm responsible and I don't like to leave... 
Life is a gift, that is why there is no reason to see it in dark colors. I am positive and... 
I think world gives you what you are asking for and I always ask more true friends in my l... 
There is some facts about me! I'm very attractive, cheerful and kindhearted person. I'm ro... 
Are you looking for a cheerful, enthusiastic and easy-going young lady? The one who you wo... 
I like learning, I get a great pleasure from going to cinemas, exhibitions, and various ot... 
I'm a very responsible person, I inherited this quality from my parents. I don't like to b... 
I am cheerful, happy, kind, humorous person. I have developed a sense of beauty, I love ch... 
I am a calm and balanced person. I do not like when people shout arround me. I like family... 
I am cheerful and active girl. My dream is to travel and get a lot of vivid impressions! I... 
I am very cheerful and easy going. Laughter and smiles are always with me. I love giving p... 
I am happy in spirit. I present my smile and good mood to everybody I meet. I love life an... 
I am kind, positive, reliable, caring, loving and passionate woman with a sense of humor. ... 
I cheerful and sociable lady, I trust people and I think that there are no bad people. I l... 
Attractive, kind, purposeful, communicative and with a sense of humor)independent, friendl... 
am a tender, loving and caring lady. I love nature. I am very devoted to my family and fri... 
I am very easy-going person , open , sincere , friendly and cheerful girl. Communication i... 
I am a soft, kind and responsible. I am active, like nature and discovering the world. I a... 
I can assure you that I am here and now seriously looking for a man to share my life with.... 
I am humorous and adventurous, open minded and kind, passionate and very down to Earth. I ... 
I am an active and a little shy girl. I love children and enjoy spending time with them of... 
I was born and grew up in ukraine. In 2003 I graduated from the European University of fin... 
I am romantic and sensual, can be sometimes passionate and emotional, but usually i am kin... 
I am very kind, intelligent and kind woman. Also I am very communicative, purposeful and s... 
I'm the one who is always in crazy search for real, sincere feelings. I'm not person of th... 
I am a kind, sincere and honest woman with strong family values. My parents taught me how ... 
I am a good humored, very responsible, hard working and emotional person. I like creativit... 
I am quite active lady with good sense of humor, I like moving, dancing but at home I am s... 
I honestly think I can be insomnia for any man, but a very pleasant kind of it! The best w... 
I am sociable, cheerful and easy-going person. I think I'm happy, because I live, have goo... 
You may ask me what such a young and pretty lady like me is doing on a dating site? Well m... 
Blacklist update 
I am kind, cheerful, dreaming, loving. I love to take care about my close people, I love m... 
I am real, true and different. On thing that is non-changeable in me is my good mood alway... 
I am kind and trusting but if someone uses me I will not keep this person in my life any l... 
I'm an orderly person;I like tidiness and cleanliness.I'm an optimistic person,I find some... 
Stylish and classy woman, who believes in true love and friendship between man and woman. ... 
I am a calm and positive person, I do not like shouting and quarrels. I enjoy laughing and... 
I am a bright, kind and optimistic person, full of positive energy! I love life and I want... 
I am easy going person. I love my family and friends. What about sports, so I enjoy of all... 
My soul is open and has the thirst for new feelings. It's the best time in your life when ... 
I'm a classy, but being an upbeat lady looking for a well-mannered, caring, smart, loving ... 
I am a feminine, passionate, mature, optimistic, extremely cheerful, self-efficient, wise,... 
I'm cheerful, kind and loyal friend. At work I'm purposeful, self-confident, independent p... 
I'm open and optimist, easy going, I love life and I have a lot of love in my heart and i ... 
I am an active, cheerful, optimistic, open-minded, well-bred and confident woman. In my op... 
What can I say about myself? I am an easygoing and cheerful young lady. You can easily tal... 
Cheerful, positive, lively girl with a strong life position! At the same time I'm kind, te... 
I am punctual, responsive, friendly, clever with good sense of humor. My friends consider ... 
I am a woman with beauty inside and out. I am sensual and simple. I enjoy simple things in... 
I am a soft, positive and harmonious personality. I am curious, self-developed, humorous a... 
I am a very positive and friendly girl with a good sense of humour, very sociable, tender,... 
I think I am a good person and helpful. Can not refuse the help of my friends or relatives... 
I am a tender, loving and caring lady. I love nature. I am very devoted to my family and f... 
I'm a nice girl with a gentle nature. I am serious and kind, cheerful, sociable, creative ... 
What does make you happy? I'm sure, that happiness consist of a small moments in our life.... 
What person am I? Who can say? Probably only those people who are close to me . But in sho... 
I am here for real feelings, for serious relationship between two loving soul. And I am re... 
We are living in a world of stereotypes and I hope to meet someone here who is really open... 
I am a very optimistic woman. I always think positive. Life is very short to be sad. I lik... 
Kind, funny, creative, energetic, people like to make fun with me, I have a lot of interes... 
I am kind, honest, positive. I always try to understand people in any situation. I value c... 
My soul is open and has the thirst for new feelings. It's the best time in your life when ... 
My main quality is my kindness i think, I consider myself as a very kind person who is alw... 
I am open and sincere. I really know what i want from my life. I like to communicate with ... 
I could say I am a very joyful, sociable and smart woman.Soft heart, loving soul, optimist... 
I'm a simple romantic girl, waiting for her real love. I try to live my life, but I feel t... 
I am a tender and romantic person. Sincere, open minded and kind. I like to give people jo... 
I'm a romantic woman, but at the same time I'm a realistic person. My character is very st... 
I am very shy yet outgoing person. I am a hopeless romantic that believes in existence of ... 
I am a tender and romantic, truthful and an open person. I have a delicate soul, can't sta... 
Hi! My name is Lilia! Do you know the meaning of this name? Yes, i am tender like a flower... 
I am a simple girl that seeks relationship with a man from abroad, want to build a family ... 
I am sociable and interesting personality. I like to meet with new people. I have a calm n... 
I am optimist by nature, I try to take only best from life. My credo: "Smile to the world ... 
The main thing that you need to know about me is the fact that I want to love and be loved... 
Don't look at my age, look in my eyes and see that it wants love and care. I'm here to fin... 
I am very sociable and open person !I prefer to have healthy way of life.I am very active ... 
I am a very funny and cheerful girl with a great sense of humor.I love my family and relat... 
I am always happy to go towards new adventures and friendships! I dream to travel and see ... 
I'm an ordinary girl lead a normal life. Climb the mountains is my favorite thing. When I ... 
Bikini photos update 
I have a very big heart, full of love to give for my beloved man and make him happy. I lov... 
I'm very communicative and joyful person. I am a very tender and good woman. I can be a go... 
I have a kind and gentle character! I am a cheerful and active lady. I am responsible, pun... 
I'm willing to give caress, tenderness and my care to a kind and responsive man. I'm cheer... 
The man I dream about is a man who never despairs and who knows that the life is a wonderf... 
I'maverymany-sidedandactiveperson. Ialwaysfindformyselfthingstodo. I enjoy joking, laughin... 
I'm cheerful, kind, open-minded, educated, talented and well-mannered lady. I raised in lo... 
Exclamation I'm strongly convinced that there are people that should be with me all my lif... 
I'masociableandjoyousperson. I like to make people comfortable with me at once. i love tak... 
New photos update 
I am punctual and responsible. I never give empty promises. perhaps you decide that it is ... 
I am calm, balanced, educated, with a good sense of humor. sometimes I like to criticize. ... 
I am a tender woman, with a pure kind heart, my life priorities consist of emotional equil... 
I am reliable person for sure. I think I am kind and attentive, down to earth. I like comm... 
Passing through the life with a smile. It's constantly about me! I am a very positive, joy... 
If you ever see me in real you would imagine me as tender, passionate, very polite, full o... 
I am energetic and purposeful woman, but at the same time gentle and mild. People say I am... 
I am sure everyone wants to sound original and interesting here and I am not the exception... 
I`m a very social and communicable person and usually go easy with new people. I have a lo... 
I am lady who can imagine myself easily as a housewife as well as business lady (own beaut... 
I cannot say that I have simple character because I'm jealous and hot-tempered. I love to ... 
I am a woman, who knows what she wants in this life. And right now I have my desire.I want... 
I need to write about myself, but I don't know where to start. Does this sound like you? I... 
I consider myself to be a positive person, smiling and kind. I am self-confident, purposef... 
My family and my friends say that I have many advantages, I am responsible, kind, sincere,... 
The woman who is hungry for LOVE - yes, this is me! Strong inside enough and not scared to... 
With me is very easy to communicate. I dreamy, but a sober look look at life. An optimist ... 
I am very romantic girl.. I am very feminine and I love creating the atmosphere of cozines... 
I am very gentle, kind, caring. I want to meet my soul mate, to build a serious relationsh... 
Attractive, easy going person. Optimistic in life and always with smile in my face. I like... 
Don`t be afraid to read this information, I promise not to put you asleep witch what I wil... 
New profiles update 
I have optimistic way of thinking. I look positive at the life! I'm a romantic soul, who a... 
I am a decent, kind and optimistic person. I am helpful and always ready to listen. I am a... 
I am a loving, affectionate, sincere, kind, cheerful, smart, positive and optimistic lady.... 
Kind, sympathetic and always ready to help, being also extremely cheerful and optimistic. ... 
Though it seems a little contradictory but in spite of my fast rhythm of life and activiti... 
I combine two energies: the sparkle of a cat woman and the tenderness of an angel. At the ... 
I have a very easy-going character, I do not like to argue. My values are loyalty, honesty... 
I am a gentle, feminine, calm, humorous girl. I am very loyal and conflict-free. I'm a gir... 
I am a person who is positive about every aspect of life. There are many things I like to ... 
I am sweet and not silly, kind and tender. I work as a seller. I have no children. I have ... 
I am many sided, confident, communicative and loving lady, who lives vibrantly happy life.... 
First of all I am mother of my little daughter. At the moment I don't work, because my dau... 
My name Irina,live in very comfortable and beautiful town,where great number of beautiful ... 
I'm a loving, kind, romantic, goal-minded lady, who wants to be happy, to love and be belo... 
I am a very sociable, easy-going and open person. I have a vulnerable heart-you can easily... 
I want to find a real love and create a family. I am romantic and sensual, I fall in love ... 
I am a girl insanely gentle and kind. I am very cheerful, bright girl. By the life, I'm al... 
I am a decent, beautiful, charismatic, kind, humorous woman.I am flexible in relations, lo... 
My name is Vika. Im 23 year. I am a make-up artist.can not imagine myself in another field... 
I can be any torn stomach from laughing, I'm loyal in friendship and love, I have a good h... 
Sweet like a candy..who wants to melt in hands of beloved man! I am romantic and passionat... 
I have a very kind and gentle character, like a cat. I need to get me caressed and loved. ... 
sweet, honest, not punctual:) funny, clever. I believe in love at first sight.I study at t... 
I am smiling and creative woman.I try to stay positive always and like to give smiles to p... 
I am a young, sunny, good, fluffy, shopping, smart, sincere, genuine, modest girl. I have ... 
I'm a perfect mixer, a wonderful life of the party and simply that one who makes people ha... 
My strong point is performance. I always do more than I say, produce more than I promise. ... 
I can describe myself as a creative, spontaneous, sociable and easy-going person. I can fi... 
Very positive, social, optimistic, open-minded, kind, charming, happy. The most important ... 
I am very romantic, open mind, honest, life-loving lady. I sincerely cheerful , purposeful... 
I am easy-going girl but a bit shy. Sometimes for me it's very difficult to be open up wit... 
I am humble, I don't need much , I am a woman who is content with what is , I do not need ... 
I am a sociable, friendly and sympathetic lady. I like to joke, laugh and enjoy life. I th... 
Do you believe in magic?&amp;#128521; I can easily bring it to your life. How? To make it I wi... 
Hi there!i am very very sexy and loving woman ! i like smiling and i like giving love to p... 
I am very kind-hearted and caring person, I like to listen to people and help them, so I c... 
I am stubborn, but not selfish, but I like that everything was on my way! I hate hypocrisy... 
I am lady with a strong character but at the same time, I'm like a tender flower who is wa... 
I am a nice, tender and affectionate lady. I am bright and always see life from its positi... 
I am a young lady who knows what she wants from life. I always have my own opinion on ever... 
I am tender, caring and kind. I am used to take care of my close people and I always try t... 
People describe me as kind, social, positive lady with nice smile and calm character) but ... 
Blacklist update 
I am a sociable person. I love meeting new people, socializing in a good company. By natur... 
Bikini photos update 
I am smiling and creative woman.I try to stay positive always and like to give smiles to p... 
I am a king , responsive , interesting and optimiatic women. I can be tender and weak, but... 
I am a kind, responsive and active woman. I am fond of sports, and I am a fitness-yoga coa... 
By nature I am very active and fun loving woman. I am always in a good mood with a smile o... 
Smart, risky, confident, communicative, kind and easy-going person. I know for sure that m... 
I am charming woman. I am romantic. I like to make people around me happy. I am hoping to ... 
I am understanding, patient and considerate. I work in a hotel in Odessa as an administrat... 
I am a woman who is full of Live - I am positive, energetic, optimistic and passionate. I ... 
I am a real woman - passionate, tender and caring. I came to this site as I want to find a... 
I am kind, sincere, full of energy, active, goal-orientated, persistent, charismatic, and ... 
I am a sensitive, gentle and romantic girl. I know the value of life and I consider that w... 
I have a very lively personality, I like to make everybody around me happy. I love to laug... 
I am romantic, sensitive and passionate. I'm a kind person, and always ready to help and t... 
New photos update 
I am a lively, pretty, inquisitive, tender, funny, optimistic, very sociable and friendly ... 
I am active girl, fond of sports, gymnastics, like making me life interesting and bright! ... 
I am kind, charming, loyal and attracting woman. I am romantic. I like long walks in the n... 
I consider myself to be attractive, sexy and feminine. I think that we all have our own dr... 
I am cheerful and find humor in just about everything. I am very talkative and think out l... 
.People say that I'm optimist. Purposeful is my strongest character trait. I have good peo... 
I am an easygoing and very communicative person and so it is really easy to find a common ... 
Hello!Thanks for reading my profile)I'm modern and active girl with a deep inner world and... 
I am open and positive person. I will never leave somebody in troubles especially if I can... 
I am a many-sided personality, I have many hobbies and I'm interested in many things. I lo... 
I am friendly and communicative, I like to make new friends, my mood is good almost always... 
I'm Choleric with a mysterious character. This means I'm sensible, hard-working, have huge... 
honest girl with a good sense of humor, loving children and animals children. I love life ... 
New profiles update 
I am easy-going, optimistic, smart, caring person who likes to smile and take everything g... 
I am a woman who wants to be loved. I believe that it is possible to find some plus points... 
I am kind, frugal, I like to travel, walking around the city.I like spend my time with ben... 
People describe me as a nice pretty mature and purposeful young woman. I got used to try a... 
It's not important what I think about myself, but how people perceive me. And they say I a... 
I have been told that I have a big heart and am a good person. I have a great of humor and... 
I am cheerful, charming young lady. I am mature inside than you think. I am kind-hearted, ... 
Dear mysterious stranger! Welcome to my page. I bet you noticed me, because of my a little... 
I am always ready to listen, help.I am positive and sincere, I know how to find a way to m... 
I am an interesting and creative woman. I like to learn and create something new. I am soc... 
I think that the real treasures in life are love we can perpetuate, devotion we can give t... 
I am very creative, very positive and optimistic. I adore warmness and positive moments. I... 
I am usually outgoing, cheerful and curious. If I like some-one I start communication with... 
I consider myself as an honest and kind person who is also friendly and sympathetic. I hav... 
I`m open-minded and kind woman. I love life and having fun. I have a lot of friends, I`m v... 
I am not an ordinary woman. I try to treat other people so as I want them to treat me. I h... 
I am here for real feelings, for serious relationship between two loving souls. I love lif... 
I am a charming and easy-going young lady. I have a good sense of humor and I think it is ... 
I dreamy, passionate and faithful. I am ready for a loved one on a lot in his life. I am a... 
I think, I am a calm, well-tempered person and rather modest. I am not sure but my friends... 
I am a friendly, gregarious, cheerful, kind and well-bred woman. The life is a wonderful t... 
I'm simple Ukrainian girl who wants simple happiness. I like active style of life, sport a... 
It's not easy to describe own character. But I could match that I'm responsible and reliab... 
First of all, I am easy to be with. I have a sense of humor. I am always positive and prac... 
Well read in literature, intellectual developed lady, with deep sense of humor and positiv... 
I am a cheerful and hardworking person.People say that I am a sincere and undestading girl... 
I'm little woman who need care and love. I wish to find serious relation which lead to mee... 
I am very active woman and I like to do many things. I like photographing very much. I lik... 
I am a simple lady but at the same time - delicious, marvellous and special. I am very pas... 
I am a very open minded an optimistic woman but the most inportant quality I have is reali... 
I am kind, friendly, funny, gentle, sporty, caring. I can find compromise in any life situ... 
Blacklist update 
As I am very sociable, communicative person, I have a lot of friends and I am always open ... 
I am a thoughtful and motivated woman, ready for serious actions. I do not like haste, but... 
I`m a family-oriented, kind and intelligent woman, very out-going and responsible. At leas... 
I am cheerful girl who believes in fairy tales in life. I like to joke and in such way avo... 
I consider myself as a sensitive, kind, soft and tender woman. I am easy going, affectiona... 
I am very cheerful, kind, ambitious, sincere, friendly and loyal. I value friends and frie... 
If you ask my friends they will tell you that I am always responsible, trustful, faithful,... 
I am sincere, friendly, sociable. I love to visit the gym. In my childhood I involved in d... 
What drives me through life? First of all it is my faith and persistence. I like to give s... 
Magic Fairy: gentle, affectionate and caring that can be turned into a paradise on earth t... 
I am very emotional, sensual, intense person. I have an extra-ordinary interests. I want t... 
I am kind, honest, friendly. I always help my dear friends and people. I am social and ver... 
I am an easy going person, who likes to communicate a lot, to make people feel happy. I am... 
First you noticed my photos among lots of others and now you are reading these lines to un... 
Bikini photos update 
I can say that I am optimistic, ambitious, enterprising and sociable person. But at the sa... 
I am very communicative, romantic, optimistic woman with kind heart. I can be very helpful... 
Look at me and tell what you think! If you are an attentive man you will see who I really ... 
I have a very kind and sympathetic character.I am calm and balanced, I have a very calm an... 
All people who know me say I am expressive, social, friendly and good listener. I am very ... 
I'm kind, responsive, trusting, affectionate, loving, caring, hardworking. To say the trut... 
I am a simple Ukrainian woman who wants to find the man of her dreams. I am kind and I hav... 
I am calm, reliable and discreet woman, who appreciates family values and loves her son. I... 
They say I am very pleasant and easy to be around, very kind-hearted, sociable, interestin... 
I am optimistic, reliable, honest, tolerant, kind-hearted woman. Being a child I used to d... 
I am cheerful, energetic, optimistic and friendly. My friends say I am a very kind and res... 
I am a very sociable and easy-going person. I am kind, compassionate and unselfish. I try ... 
I am cheerful and energetic woman. I like to meet new people and learn new cultures. I ope... 
Well, speak about myself is always difficult, but I'll try. I think my main trait is hones... 
I am simply a lady of your dream! It is a joke of course, everybody of us has his advantag... 
So speaking about myself. It's always so difficult. But I'll try. I have usual character a... 
I am looking for a man who knows what love is it and who is ready for new relation without... 
I am intelligent and charming lady. I have fire of love inside, and I am ready to give it ... 
I'm a good person, cheerful and polite girl. I adore kids and animals. I like to meet new ... 
I am sincere, loving, caring and faithful woman looking for serious relations. I love chil... 
Now I'm studying on the 5th course of university. But working since 15 years old. In the b... 
I am a lonely girl looking for my love. You can never be bored next to me because I am act... 
I am the kind woman with good sense of humor. I am open minded person and I like to try ne... 
I am rather quiet and shy in the beginning because of being concerned what other people wi... 
I love meeting new people, I love to travel, I love animals and children, especially love ... 
I`m an intelligent and positive young woman, I`m full of energy for our amazing life and b... 
I am sociable and friendly person that is why I have many friends. My profession will be p... 
I believe that stars influence our fate and character, though I don't trust daily horoscop... 
I am a smart, kind, gorgeous woman with big desire to find someone good for living togethe... 
New photos update 
I am a kind and honest person. I am very interested in my job and people think I am hardwo... 
I am cheerful, kind, purposeful, little dreamer and a dreamer. I love my family and friend... 
I can be funny and laugh . I was born to make her man happy and give him everything he wan... 
Hello. I am Ukrainian girl from the southern city of Kherson. I came to this site looking ... 
I consider myself a caring, romantic and loving woman. My friends say that I can be a good... 
As a person I'm active,cheerful, with sense of humor, sensual, well-tempered. My philosofy... 
I'm a very open and optimistic lady. I like meeting people, exchanging the experience and ... 
Intelligent, charismatic, charming, intellectual, sportive, feminine - it's all about me. ... 
I lead healthy life style I like sports. My priorities in life are creating friendly famil... 
I am an active, attentive, kind and sympathetic! I have many friends, but I am still singl... 
I am a charming and attractive lady with a very cheerful and sociable nature! They say I a... 
How can i start...I am very romantic and open-minded woman with a soft personality. I am t... 
People say that I'm a beautiful, intelligent and easy-going person. It's not very good to ... 
I am sweet, serious, attractive, faithful, family-oriented, kind, open-minded lady with a ... 
I think that the worst thing that people can face in this life is to live it without love ... 
I am a Lady with fondness in my heart, love in my soul and aspiration! I am very optimisti... 
New profiles update 
I have a creative and romantic personality, with a piece of adventuress and curious mind. ... 
I am an attractive, feminine, cheerful and active lady, with a good sense of humour. I lik... 
I am the lady who knows life and despite all difficulties I don't lose my courage and just... 
A young woman who knows what she wants out of life! Cheerful, confident, bright and open p... 
I am an optimist. I believe that everything will change to the better. I am very sociable,... 
I am loving and generous.I am smiling, happy and life loving. I have good busy life with m... 
I am educated, nice, romantic and good person. I very positive and think it always could b... 
am a creative and kind girl. I have my own business and two higher education. I love to tr... 
I am a girl who may be called a real lady and I love to see new places and meet new people... 
Everything about me is very simple. I am a woman with character and principles. I do not h... 
My dream is to find my happiness. And in this I am not alone here. Perhaps to each person ... 
I am a very sociable and sincere person. I would like to share my smile with someone. Peop... 
I draw magic inspiration from every moment of my life and realize that even invisible and ... 
I see myself as kind and calm person. However, I'm optimistic and very humorous. I'm not t... 
What can I tell about myself? I am a beautiful lady with blue eyes and full of vital energ... 
I am a creative and cheerful woman. I like being the center of attention. I like a smart a... 
I am a cheerful and purposeful girl. I like to conquer new heights, and self-development h... 
I am a girl of twenty . When I look at myself in the mirror I see a dark girl with long ha... 
I am cheerful and easy-going person, I don't like argues, or lies, I am looking for relati... 
I am a cheerful and outgoing person. I like to work very hard, listen to music in my free ... 
I am a very lively and cheerful lady with still many dreams and goals ahead. I am a good f... 
The main traits that people notice in me are my sense of humour, openness, optimism and wa... 
I am a reserved, organized and well-balanced person. I trust people and possess an optimis... 
I can not tell that I am easy going person the same time I am not shy at all. I would say ... 
I am sentimental, sensual lady, who all his life waiting for a prince on a white horse. Bu... 
So fabulous - you won't believe your happiness! I have a well balanced character, my natur... 
I am a woman of positive mood, and you will never be bored with me. I am active, friendly,... 
I am serious, flexible, balanced, open, romantic, caring and feminine (sometimes shy) inte... 
Hello, I am Aselya. I live in the city of Almaty. I am an attractive lady. I am kind by na... 
I am a woman that is a good hostess and that wants to have a loving man with her - a loyal... 
I am sociable person. I love to meet new people, socialize in a large company. At first gl... 
I am very active lady, who always keeps her word. If I could describe myself with three wo... 
Blacklist update 
I am a kind-hearted, friendly, positive, reliable person. Outside I am a small and slim la... 
I believe I am a soft, romantic, positive, open to new experiences, unselfish, responsible... 
I am open, sincere lady with a good sense of humor and positive outlook on life. I am easy... 
I am a fun loving and interesting lady. I like joking. I am a very active lady. I hope I a... 
Honest, cheerful, always positive not with standing on what happened with me in the past- ... 
I have very calm and well-balanced character. I don't recognize quarreling and raising voi... 
I am calm, balanced, kind, sympathetic, responsible, hardworking lady. I always achieve my... 
I am a simple russian lady. My main features of character are femininity, optimism, elegan... 
I know that I can love and give my care and support to those who are my dearest person. Bu... 
I think people can't live without love! We come into this world alone and leave alone. So ... 
I always try to be myself. In person the most important is individuality. Everyone should ... 
I work as a manicurist in Odessa having qualified at beautician school. That is the boring... 
I love life the way it is with all its unpredictable and real sides. I love to enjoy it to... 
I am very sensual woman who likes to be adored.I always try to look good for my man.I take... 
Like a wild orchid in a neglected garden I am waiting for my Gardener! Where are you? I ne... 
I am kind, honest, sociable and gentle woman, that wants to find her true love with a gent... 
I fond of sport. I think it is very important to keep body and mind fit. I prefer healthy ... 
I am energetic, cheerful girl. I can be versatile in any direction in life. I is changeabl... 
I love kids! Also I am soft, emotional. I can be overly self-effacing and self-sacrificing... 
I am a romantic girl, lives in me soul of a poet. I am different, today I am kind and obed... 
I am joyful, atractive, sweet lady. I have many hobbies and interests. I am very honest pe... 
As a person, I`m an easy-tempered, loving and kind, little bit shy and sympathetic person,... 
I am a very open and positive person! I love to smile and give my smile to others! I like ... 
I am an ordinary girl,who wants to find a true love.In my opinion relationship between rel... 
Kind, tender, carrying, polite. I believe everyone comes into this world for some purpose.... 
Bikini photos update 
Being a woman I can call myself the whole world in a tender covering, the whole world that... 
I am kind-hearted and open. I have a very good sense of humor, I am fun loving, I think it... 
I am strong willed and I know what I want in life! Its always interesting for me to meet n... 
"Each person has three characters: one that he is credited; one that he himself attributes... 
Its very difficult to say about myself. I am very easy going, kind, sociable person. I am ... 
I'm very open to everything new, new people and new places.I am calm and confident.I have ... 
I am smiling and creative woman. I try to stay positive always and like to give smiles to ... 
It is difficult to talk about myself, because only people from outside can see me objectiv... 
It's hard to talk about myself. My friends consider me kind and sympathetic girl, because ... 
New photos update 
I'm a kind and gentle lady. I always try to help people. I like to spend time with my frie... 
I have many friends. We spend a lot of time together. I like computer games, I like to sur... 
I am very sweet and charming person. I am strong willed and I know what I want in life! I ... 
What would you like to know about me? Just ask me and I will reply, I work as pharmacist, ... 
What to say about me! Thats so difficult to say something! I am calm and communicative gir... 
Hi dear man!I'm glad you are reading my profile now,so let me tell you a little bit about ... 
Let me introduce myself, my name is Veronika. I am funny, kind, nice,resposible, optimist.... 
I do not like to talk about me, but to describe in few words I can say that I like honesty... 
Speaking about my character I'd like first of all to define what character is.These are so... 
: I am a person with bonfire in my eyes. My soul is ready for adventures which will make m... 
I am Ludmila and I am here to find my true love. My friends say I am not an ordinary woman... 
Being a journalist makes me have a creative soul and good thoughts about life! Sometimes I... 
) I am a creative, dreamy, purposeful, friendly person! I love nature, animals, justice, g... 
I am very bright and I have a great sense of humour.I am a big dreamer.I am sure that all ... 
In spite of my young age, the things I mostly appreciate are homeliness and calmness. Nice... 
I will describe myself as a good, honest, friendly girl.I am very much devoted person, eve... 
I am very responsible and punctual person. I always keep my promises and I am always ready... 
My character is what real Aries means! I am a very flexible, impressionable, emotional, li... 
I consider myself honest, full of energy, caring, loving and positive person. I spite all ... 
I am a woman. Just a woman who wants to love and be loved by her man. I am open-minded, ac... 
All my friends always tell me that I'm a very kind, sensitive, well-bread and easy-going p... 
I'm intelligent, witty, ambitious and sparkling, but at the same time I'm romantic, kind-h... 
I'm an interesting person to communicate with. I'm an understanding woman. I know how to a... 
I am very tender and kind woman. I can not live without smile, laught and jokes. I have ju... 
I enjoy the quietness of the mountains, the ocean, sunrises and sunsets. Always look at th... 
I always try to be friendly, positive, easy-going, and can find a common things with every... 
New profiles update 
Speaking about myself I can say that I am a kind, easy-going, sincere, open and cheerful l... 
I am a cute and passionate lady simultaneously. All people say that I'm sunny. I know how ... 
Speaking about myself I can say that I am a honest, positive, active, open and creative la... 
Let me introduce myself - Wonderful Elena, awful name which I don't like since my childhoo... 
I am also very purposeful, optimistic and communicative.I like to smile and have open hear... 
I am very optimistic, love smiling and laughing! You would not be bored with me for sure, ... 
I kind and friendly woman . I love life and my grandchildren . I have good life but it is ... 
Being a blond in modern times has specific stereotypes. But for me it is my state of mind ... 
I am kind, sincere and purposeful woman.I believe in true love and I hope I will find it h... 
I am a very interesting and attractive woman. I have an open soul and passionate heart. I ... 
It`s not easy to tell people about oneself, but I will try:) I guess the first thing you s... 
I am well educated, have Master's degree in International economy and accomplished all my ... 
It is difficult to describe myself. I think I am tender, reliable, honest even if the true... 
I love not to ask someone for help. I love to travel, and explore new places, meet new peo... 
For me there are no impossible things . There are always ways out, you just should look at... 
I am cheerful and active girl. I always serious look at life, but try never to lose the se... 
I am a sociable, talkative, active, kind, trustful and sincere woman. I do not have bad ha... 
The walls of your house can become colorful and bright, in both senses of these words . My... 
I am very optimistic girl.I would like to find a nice man for life ,and for relations. WHa... 
Talk about yourself is very difficult. I multiple personality. I tend to try everything in... 
I am kind and simple, open and easy going. I am very much positive and love this life neve... 
Once I saw the show program with participation of famous models. I will always remember th... 
About myself I can say that I am very cheerful and thirsty girl.I love people with positiv... 
I am told to be reliable, social and sympathetic person. I have many friends, and I am a g... 
When people look at my pictures they say I have perfect facial features and perfect postur... 
I am an easy-going, smart and communicative lady. I love to keep warmth and comfort in my ... 
I am calm, steady, very patient, but stubborn person: if I was up to something, I do not s... 
I love people and I enjoy everything I do in my life. I am honest, caring and loving, very... 
I am a dreamy, quiet and romantic man. I try to enjoy every day of your life. I appreciate... 
In addition, active in sports, I always go to the gym. In my university, I teach as an aer... 
I am a very kind, caring, open and sincere girl. My best qualities are friendliness and th... 
I characterized by sensitive, romantic, sentimental. At the same time, I try to remain dif... 
People say that I am a very cheerful, communictive and open minded person. I will always h... 
I am cheerful, gentle, caring and kind girl. My friends say that I'm an optimist and I agr... 
My dream is to become a famous actress, often participate in beauty contests and lead an a... 
I'm energetic girl. I like life and I like to live. I lead a healthy lifestyle, look after... 
I am a well-mannered, honest, friendly and positive woman. I am able to get pleasure of li... 
I know that I'm m rather clever, purposeful, serious, kind, loyal, honest and tender. I th... 
I'd been raised in a good and decent family. My parents told me to fight for a happiness a... 
I am a cheerful, optimistic, positive person who likes to smile and to make my close peopl... 
Marilyn Monroe once said "I like to feel blonde all over". So do I. That does not mean tha... 
I am an active ,sincere, affectionnate woman. I am also an open-minded, sincere, full of l... 
I am a kind and honest person; my friends say that I am a good friend and interesting inte... 
I am optimistic woman with great sence of humor. My motto in this life dreams come true, b... 
I am an optimistic, positive and communicative person. I am a many sided person who likes ... 
I am cheerful, kind, active and cheerful person. I know exactly what I want from life. I'm... 
I am kind, sympathetic girl without bad habits. I am confident, artistry and love being in... 
I am smiling, tender, romantic lady with warm heart and lots of love to give. I am tired o... 
Its very difficult to describe my character. My friends say that I am the soul of the comp... 
I am honest and reliable young woman. I like communicating with people. I am a life loving... 
Perfectionist. That says everything about me) Always strive to bring to the ideal of all t... 
I detest conflict between people, so I do my best to cooperate and compromise with everyon... 
Let me introduce myself! In front of you stands a young and charming girl, fun and cheerfu... 
I am cheerful lady, with rich inner wolrd, high morality and values, i have been taught fr... 
Now I study and spend a lot of time studying, so I have not so much free time on hobbies. ... 
I am cheerful and jolly person.I try to take life easy and don't be upset because of littl... 
Blacklist update 
Bikini photos update 
I am cheerful personality. Friends often say that I have a charming soul and wonderful hea... 
Do you want to know me better? My name is Victoria. I am an easy-going, loving and honest ... 
I am an attractive girl from Ukraine who is mature enough to realize that for any woman li... 
I am gentle woman. My soul is deep. I radiate femininity and charm. I like to feel that I ... 
I am kind, gentle, romantic. My friends tell that is easy to communicate with me and that ... 
I am a gentle-hearted girl full of positive emotions, and I want to love so much, and be l... 
Maybe sometimes I am too na&amp;#239;ve, but I believe that kindness will always be rewarded. ... 
For me it is important to always stay true to who I am. Everybody has their own believes a... 
As for me I am a positive and a calm person. I try to go to my goals every time and I wish... 
Sensitiveness is the word which describes my character. If someone needs help and I have a... 
New photos update 
I am kind and cheerful person, and like to get a joy from the life. I can light up like a ... 
Do you like cars as I like them? Let me explain you! I am an example of a luxurious sports... 
I am goal-orientated, cheerful, confident, and responsible. I am strong personality with h... 
My friends say that I'm an elegant, caring, well-educated, joyful, easy-going, honest, opt... 
I am a communicative,cheerful, optimist,cheerly, faithful,with a good sense of humour, int... 
I am sociable, so I have got a lot of friends among my schoolmates. I appreciate people's ... 
I can say about myself that I am self-confident woman, who knows what she wants from her l... 
I'm cheerful, kind, sweet and romantic girl! I love my life, I'm full of love and happines... 
I am a modest girl, half of my life I have lived in the village. This is the main reason w... 
I like do sports and be in progress in different ways.(improve my character and skills of ... 
I`m incorrigible optimist.I am active, sensitive, reliable, communicative. According to th... 
I am romantic, kind, honest, life- loving lady. I do not have bad habits, I do not smoke a... 
New profiles update 
To describe yourselves is always difficult because you usually tend to hide sometimes. I a... 
I am an open-minded, friendly and goal-orientated woman. I know what I want in life, I set... 
I don't want to sound pathetic but I think that our life is like a book and we are writers... 
I am friendly and communicative, I have many friends. I am demanding to myself and to peop... 
I am very sociable and curious. I like to lead an active lifestyle, travel and discover so... 
Feminine, delicate and true - this is all about me. High heels, elegant dresses and shinin... 
To my mind, the most bright traits of my character are decency and willing to help my frie... 
I have a kind heart, I am romantic woman. People get used to saying about me as about the ... 
I am not an ordinary girl. I am naughty , passionate and open-minded. I always say what I ... 
I am sweet and tender girl. I adore to be surrounded with beauty and love. I have tender s... 
I consider myself to be a smart and intelligent lady. I am a family oriented and family de... 
I am warm and soft person and have positive outlook in life. I like to be surrounded by pe... 
I have a soft and easy-going nature. I am stress-resistant, sociable, flexible, curious, c... 
I am a very sociable and easy-going person. I love meeting with new people, making new fri... 
Intellegent woman with strong life and family values.I am calm,romantic nature,communicati... 
I am an active, cheerful, positive, attentive, caring and loving lady. I adore life and I ... 
I think that I am a positive, cheerful and purposeful woman. I feel easy meeting and commu... 
I think that I am an energetic, active, purposeful, responsible and honest woman. My close... 
I am very tender and sensual lady. I am honest and sincere. I know how to love and care ab... 
I am kind, caring, sincere, tender and understanding. I know what I want and I am ready to... 
I like to be natural . I am the easy-going person, intelligent, sensitive and kind girl. S... 
I always try to be cheerful and optimistic, in every life situation. We live in a society,... 
Friends say I am genuine, honest, kind, faithful, caring to my loved ones. I can't believe... 
Surely it is not very modest to praise myself too much (smile) But how otherwise(smile)I a... 
I consider myself to be a cheerful, modest, sympathetic, kind, loving, caring and sincere ... 
I am cheerful, with a great sense of humor. Sometimes I am very active but I also like to ... 
I am a gregarious, friendly, sociable, positive, open-minded, forthright,rightful person. ... 
I want to be the best friend in daily life for my husband and to be a great sexy volcano i... 
Scarlett Johansson once said that "one of the best things a woman can hear, is that she is... 
I believe that I am trustworthy person with high level of respect for others. At times I a... 
I am calm and intelligent woman, I have a passion temper, and I love romance. I think that... 
My friends say that I am a grown-up child (smile). I accept the world objectively but at t... 
I am a kind, sincere and intelligent woman who is using the website only for genuine reaso... 
I have everything the real woman should have. I have my natural beauty and I can be a grea... 
I am kind, caring, honest and faithful woman. I have a lot of love and passion inside and ... 
I am passionate and tender woman. I am ready to give and to take and I am a person who pre... 
I think love doesn't have any ages. I would like to give a lot of love, happiness to my fu... 
I won't make illusion of a perfect woman. I'm REAL, what it means to be a REAL will be abl... 
I am very active, positive and easy-going woman. My friends also characterize me as kind a... 
I am very kind and polite woman. I like children very much. I spend a lot of time with my ... 
My name is Olga I am 23 years old. I am a model. I finish the University of teaching and f... 
I am kind, sympathetic, sociable and cheerful girl. I love life and enjoy every minute of ... 
I am cheerfull and sociable girl. Every day I am very happy person, because I have only on... 
I am Elvira and my hearts wants a lot of love! I work as a shop assistant in boutique. It'... 
I am diligent, responsible approach the task and any request. I love myself and my daughte... 
I am not afraid to show my feelings towards my beloved man. I am a person with the positiv... 
I am charismatic lady, I am shining, i am very intelligent and can keep conversation on hi... 
Many say I have hard character. But I am definitely a true-hearted and honest person, funn... 
I am at the same time optimist and realist! I am very loyal person and I try to accept sur... 
I'm kind, calm, honest reliable woman. I'm merry but not lightheaded. I'm patient, and wel... 
I am a kind of woman who can make man feel the happiest ever in the world. I like romantic... 
I have an adventuresome and positive personality, I can be a lady and at the same time I c... 
I am a military retiree, now I work as a civil servant.I live in ,y own house with my fath... 
I am very cheerful, sociable and easy-going. I love music and movies, read books, so I alw... 
I consider myself a positive and easy going person, I am responsive to the needs of others... 
I am good-looking and active woman. I am well-tended and proud of this. I am active and tr... 
People say that I am patient, kind, rather clever, honest, decisive and shy. When I am in ... 
What kind of a person am I? It`s hard to tell.I guess the best words to describe me would ... 
I am very open person. I am emotional and I cannot hide my feelings. I love summer rain, e... 
I could say that I am tender lady with a romantic soul. I am feminine and old-fashion. I h... 
If you like my photo and want to know more about me I'll try to do my best explaining what... 
I am open and friendly person that is why I feel easy to make new acquaintance with people... 
I'm a really optimistic and open-minded girl. I am communicative, merry and energetic. I d... 
I am a soft, kind and responsible. I am romantic and passionate. For my man I like to be d... 
I am tender, sweet, feminine and very sensitive.I am a girl that has a sparkle. I love to ... 
I love reading books, knitting, painting, doing sports, I love sports, love to do in your ... 
I want to create a family comfort for my future husband very much. I love my parents and m... 
I am real and tender woman:) I think I have a good and kind character. I am someone, who i... 
I am a positive person, I like communication very much. I like a lot of people being near ... 
I am balanced, positive, nice, friendly and quiet. In any situation I can remain calm. Not... 
It is hard for me to describe myself in few words) But I can say for sure that I am emotio... 
My name is Sasha. I am not very tall, I am slim brunette with long hair and green eyes.I l... 
By the character I am a nice, tender and romantic lady. I am a very postive person and alw... 
I am very emotional, but at the same time, kind and understanding. I always come to the ai... 
I like to think about myself as about a girl who knows what it means to take care of a man... 
I am very gentle, sensual and emotional girl. I have very romantic character, very much li... 
Being a person of strong character I always do my best to achieve my goals. Of course some... 
I find myself as open-minded, nice person with soft and hot heart, but cold and sharp mind... 
I am a serious and optimistic person. My friends say that I am kind and honest. I am calm ... 
I am very sympathetic and kind person. I constantly changing, aspire to something new. I a... 
My friends say that I am very gentle and I have a very kind and compromise character. I li... 
Kind, positive, energetic - it is all about me. I am really active lady and it is impossib... 
I am an active, cheerful, energetic girl. I think it is very important to be able to compr... 
My world is made of love, passion, smiles, wonders, brightness, impressions, butterflies, ... 
I am very romantic, fun and vital lady. My character is like all people is fickle, explosi... 
I am a student and studying is all my life now. But, you know, I have already tired of stu... 
I am a nice lady with good manners and good education. They say that I am beautiful, but I... 
I am goal-oriented, intelligent, practical, easy-going, devoted, and steady when I am in r... 
I am sincere lady who appreciates traditional values. I was raised in harmony with nature ... 
Some details about myself. I am decent, goal-oriented, loyal and modest. I feel that I hav... 
I am sociable, friendly and kind, very open hearted and believe that goodness and beauty w... 
I am caring,kind,warm-hearted and easy going person.I value sincerity and warm heart, beca... 
I am a girl who lived in Lugansk, and now fleeing from military operations moved to Kiev. ... 
Each woman should be a little mysterious. So, trying to know me better you will have to gu... 
I am kind, sincere, full of energy, active, goal-orientated, persistent, charismatic, and ... 
I am calm, tender and affectionate woman. I believe that what goes around comes aroud, so ... 
Probably the most important thing in my character is that I trust people too . Always look... 
I'm a very romantic and passionate woman. I like to discover this world and try any new in... 
Blacklist update 
Bikini photos update 
New photos update 
I'm a sociable and charming lady. I have a good sense of humor and good manners. I like be... 
I am very many - sided woman. My life is very interesting and eventful. I am very sociable... 
I love very much to be on nature (forest or sea). My favorite holiday is New Year, I adore... 
I am a kind of lady who knows what she wants from life. My heart is opened for love and my... 
I am very positive person, trying to take everything what I can from this life. I have man... 
I am a beautiful and intelligent woman who can give a man unforgettable moments of life! I... 
I am loving, caring, family orientated, i would love to meet a good hearted man and create... 
Dear stranger, I want to tell you a little about myself. My name is Alina. I am a natural ... 
I am very creative and a girl of many parts. I am very funny, without any bad habbits with... 
I am optimistic lady with positive outlook on life. I have positive outlook on life and th... 
New profiles update 
What can I tell you about myself? I am sociable, cheerful and kind person. Sincerity and s... 
I am very tempting and romantic. I'm looking for love. I'm the owner of castles in the air... 
Hey darling! You are now looking into the most beautiful eyes you've ever seen. Try not to... 
I am lady who has her own principles and specific outlook on things. I always try to look ... 
Speaking about myself I can say that I can be different and unpredictable. Nobody knows wh... 
I am very easy-going and cheerful girl. I enjoy every moment of my life. I appreciate huma... 
I am cheerful, funny and positive girl, I like to smile and be happy without reasons. I en... 
People say that i am tremendously selfless person by nature, it is manifested in my outloo... 
I can say with confidence that I am a cheerful, kind, humble and determined person. I like... 
I am an active person and prefer going out than sitting at home. Caring, loving, sincere,t... 
I am a tender, sensitive, graceful woman. My character is calm and loyal. I am a passion a... 
I am cheerful, honest, kind, sociable, responsible, some modest. I like to spend my time w... 
I'm positive attitute person . My friends saying that I'm kind and love my life . I love t... 
I am nice lady who will make you happy every day of your life Smile I am walking in life w... 
I never liked to pretend something and use to be straightforward in description of who I a... 
I am a beautiful woman and proud of it!I am a creative person. Being a very kind, tender, ... 
I am sincere lady, who is not afraid of new relationship and love. I am easy-going and pos... 
I am romantic, tender, kind, easy-going and passionate Ukrainian woman. I adore cooking, r... 
I am kind, caring and faithful woman. I am gentle in heart, strong and positive in spirits... 
I am hospitable, friendly sociable person. I enjoy cooking different dishes, including swe... 
I am kind, energetic, cheerful and always positive woman. I am sincere, understanding woma... 
I am even-tempered, communicative woman with a good sense of humour. I am not conflictive,... 
Im naturally simple and easy-going person. you will feel easy with me and I like to give a... 
Nothing can make woman so pretty as sincere smile. Do you agree? So I always start my day ... 
Hi there, my possible beloved! My name is Helen and I am looking for a serious relationshi... 
I am interested in every person and that's why I've got a lot of reliable and trusted frie... 
I am communicative and positive person. I try to see only good in people. I enjoy travelin... 
In some point of view I could refer myself to a woman who can marry the night and will nev... 
I am a very sweet woman as my friends say. I can not judge by myself but if you are intere... 
About myself: I am a very brave lady who loves the speed and action.I am looking for my ha... 
I am a simple girl with a temperamental character. I like to meet new people and travel. I... 
I'm a person who is very positive with optimistic views on life. I'm always in a good mood... 
I am positive, merry and open-minded girl with wide interests. I am kind, honest, sincere,... 
I think I have these features that will characterize me as an educated, well-mannered, kin... 
I'm loveful, kind, sincere, modest girl and I like socializing. I always try to get someth... 
I think I am too down to earth to write you here how wonderful I am. I am a simple girl wh... 
I am kind and positive girl with serious intentions, always try to be happy and smile, bec... 
I am a very caring and loving girl. I am very loyal and faithfulness is very important to ... 
I am a communicative and easy going person. I have positive attitude to the life and I alw... 
If to speak about my character, I can say that I am a kind, romantic and loving person. My... 
I am kind, supportive and positive woman with serious intentions and goals in life. I am t... 
Appearance is not main feature of a person. I am more interested in the inner beauty. Some... 
I am friendly and generous, love animals and children a lot, like to get up very early to ... 
I am a young and nice lady, who is interested in everything that happens around me. News, ... 
Friends say that I am very gentle and sweet girl. I am very shy and do not like to engage ... 
I am very energetic girl who dreams of finding the man of her dreams. I have in my life is... 
I am a very positive and cheerful person and I am always in a good mood! I enjoy smiling a... 
I am a very positive and nice lady. I am attentive and caring. My close people say that I ... 
I love the morning for something that is a great start to the day and I love the night bec... 
I am kind tender woman with serious intentions. I am supportive and attentive, funny and c... 
As my friends say: I am sweet, kind and naive. I consider myself to be an interesting, fun... 
I am sociable lady, purposeful and self-assured. Try to be open for communication with peo... 
I am broadminded, cheerful, easygoing, energetic, friendly, good looking, honest, original... 
I am caring, sweet, sympathetic and modest person. I work in the advertising company, so I... 
I can make your dreams come true. It is because my character and attitude to life. I have ... 
I'm kind, sincere, honest, fair, confident, able to love, understanding, sentimental. I am... 
Nice girl with a nice figure, kind eyes and cheerful smile. I have a good heart and seriou... 
I am interesting girl with brave character. I think you can find in me that girl what you ... 
I am a very optimistic person and I like to make a good mood everywhere around me. I want ... 
Blacklist update 
I am very much responsible worker and partner in relations. I try to be reasonable and fai... 
People who know me say that I am a cheerful, jolly, kind, tender, loving, caring and commu... 
May be my appearance is not so attractive, but I am open and outspoken woman. I am sociabl... 
I would describe myself as kind, honest, supportive, sensitive and considerate. I am able ... 
I am pretty lady with good manners, who know what I need in life I am positive, kind and r... 
I'm a romantic girl. I am kind, gentle and caring woman. As for me I think people are not ... 
My parents raised me as a good person and to have high moral values. I am hard working and... 
I am very romantic girl . I am tender and kind. I am very cheerful. My friends say I have ... 
I am a mysterious lady, I want you to discover who I am, I am sure you will like what you ... 
I am active girl. I like to communicate with my friends. I love my family and I believe th... 
I am the versatile and attractive girl. The girl who loves communication with interesting ... 
Hi there!)I am open-minded, communicative and easy-going girl who loves life and everythin... 
As I am an unusual girl, then I will start telling you about my disadvantages first . Then... 
I am sociable, kind, beautiful, tender and straight. There are things in my life which hap... 
I am not a great narrator, but a great listener. You can learn about me a lot from my acti... 
) I am an educated, fair, sympathetic and generous woman and I am a model. I know what I w... 
To be honest - I am just a real lady, with all good manners. But if you will know me bette... 
Looking at me you can think that I am just a pretty girl, but if you look into the depth o... 
I am very kind and cheerful, in spite of my profession, for which I will work a little lat... 
I have a big smile on my face, bright and sparkling eyes and lots of dreams! I am energeti... 
Bikini photos update 
Like to live life to it's fullest, sometimes funny, can be serious, love people, making fr... 
New photos update 
I am sensual and tender girl that has lots of love in her heart to present to someone spec... 
I am told to be kind and responsive, compassionate and warm-hearted. I like to help people... 
I am cheerful and open person, very romantic and easy going. I am artistic and creative. I... 
I like to live in comfort, like and know how to cook, but never did the cult of food, clea... 
I am kind and positive girl with a good sense of humor. I like to laugh and enjoy life eve... 
I am a simple girl, who likes to smile and lives an active life. You will never find me in... 
I am sincere, very feminine, sensual. I am a very sensitive woman. I can be responsive, su... 
I am an unpredictable, easy-going and kind-hearted person! I can laugh and cry, I can be p... 
I consider myself as a romantic, kind and devoted person. I think people should be honest ... 
) I am a sympathetic, cheerful, intelligent lady with many dreams and ambitions. I like tr... 
I am a young lady who loves the life and make people happy. When i see how people smile or... 
I am a psychologist by profession, but is now fully engaged in the house, I am a housewife... 
I am a gentle, delicate and passionate young lady. My friends say I'm nice, modest and int... 
I am very cheerful and kind girl. I will never leave you bored. Every day is so different ... 
New profiles update 
I am cheerful, active, optimistic, honest, loving and caring woman. I never stop, I am har... 
I like life and try to enjoy and appreciate every minute of it. I am an energetic, easy-go... 
I am active, friendly, honest, merry, sociable lady. I am also sympathetic, kind, sensitiv... 
I am an active, purposeful and cheerful person. I know exactly what I want from life. I ha... 
I am glad to be finally here and start my new phase of life! Such a phase, where there wil... 
About me?hmmm what would you like to hear...I am very active I spend a lot of time in Chin... 
I have an open soul and passionate heart. I have many friends and my friends say that I am... 
I am true woman.You can not express character of woman with few words as it is like weathe... 
I am self-sufficient girl, so do not try to bribe me with money or gifts!I am a tender, in... 
I am a pretty woman. My mother tells that I will be very good wife, because I am very cari... 
Do you know, that women with red hair are extremle hot,full of sex love and passion?Yah da... 
I know you may think I am not real and why such a girl is on this website? Don't worry I a... 
I always thought it is a bad style to advertise yourself but need to give you a vision of ... 
I am very kind, positive and easy-going person. All is very simple: I love my family, frie... 
Learning more about me you will see that we are meant to be together Ahha, it is a joke. O... 
I am communicative, cheerful, charming and charismatic. With a good sense of humor. I like... 
Are you looking for an ideal woman here? Then it is not me As everyone I have good and bad... 
Hi! Looking for a dedicated, kind and friendly woman? It's me! I am passionate and open mi... 
I have open heart and sincere wish to create my owm family where I can relax from the othe... 
Kind, sincere and caring. I'm chirful and with a good sence oh humor. I'm serous in my sea... 
I am kind, friendly and educated woman! I am very cheerful and positive and I often smile!... 
It is not easy thing to speak about myself as it is hard to have a look at yourself from o... 
My friends and acquaintances say that I am kind and sociable, I really appreciate their op... 
Life is a theater and all of us actors in it. So, there is no nice partner in my performan... 
An elegant lady, sensual, open, creative, sincere, open-minded and well-educated. I teach ... 
I am ready for love and new emotions in my life...I am opened to world, easy-going and I a... 
Goal-oriented and fun loving, serious and possessing a good sense of humor, down to earth ... 
I am optimistic woman with positive views on life. I have many friends because I am very s... 
I am a decent, wise, hard-working, lively and caring woman. I believe I perceive people ri... 
I am a communicative and friendly person, I am cheerful and I have a good sense of humor a... 
I'm definitely a woman who is confident, strong and independent because my profession requ... 
I am very tolerant person. I try to find common language with everyone. That's why I decid... 
I do not like conflicts and sorting out the relationship, I believe and I am always ready ... 
I am a very cheerful lady, I am young but mature. I do not care of the age difference and ... 
I am open, sincere, honest and kind person - that is how my friends say about me and how I... 
I am kind, sincere and sympathetic person. I have a good sense of humor. I love to speak f... 
I am beautiful young and intreting lady, I am very hot and I like to be loved - in this wa... 
I can say about myself that I am open almost for everything. I like this life and try to u... 
It is very difficult to describe myself, but my friends say that I am very kind and outgoi... 
I am one man woman, cheerful, sociable and active. I like to gain my aims and think every ... 
I am a very kind, caring, responsible and gentle lady. I like traveling around the world, ... 
I really enjoy my life, I am very optimistic woman: I trust people, try to help them in ev... 
I am a good person and a professional chef)) I am an honest and decent. I love to read, to... 
About myself: responsible, kind and faithful, but sometimes I am quick-tempered and stubbo... 
Hi dear)I am very active and open)I am linquisticaly gifted)I like to meet new people and ... 
I am an active energetic girl leading healthy way of life , spending a lot of time in the ... 
Always in a good mood and can cheer you up any time. Would you like that? A woman who is a... 
I'm a tender, loyal, and devoted person, full of love and energy. I am fond of travelling,... 
I am a strong, purposeful and cheerful lady. I'm very sensual, I am ready to share that em... 
For me it is important always feel love the world around us and get back the same feelings... 
What do you think about love from a first sight? Frankly speaking, I do not believe in it.... 
I believe that the world is not without good people and do not believe in the end of the w... 
) I am a pretty and confident lady with a dream to become a beloved woman for a good man. ... 
Blacklist update 
I am an intelligent, purposeful, curious, open-minded, very romantic, kind-hearted, cheerf... 
I am kind, faithful and caring lady. By my education I am an economist, but I found myself... 
I can describe myself as faithful, loving, caring and tender woman. My close friends and m... 
Sometimes it is almost impossible to give real description of yourself not taking risk to ... 
For me the most inportant things are family,development, new interests. I want to start a ... 
I am well-balanced, even- tempered but self-confident and very cheerful person, I am easy ... 
I am sociable and kind woman. I like to help people. I know how to make home full of laugh... 
I'm a woman who knows what she wants from her life and her future! So I want to find here ... 
I am a nice young woman Natalya. I am here to find my future husband and I hope to meet hi... 
I'm an emotional person and I am living with dreams of a charming prince I have flexible n... 
I am sweet lady who wants to find the real love! I need the person to whom I will give all... 
I am an attractive young woman who wants to find the man of my dreams and share my love wi... 
Bikini photos update 
If I could compare my temper with music I would say that it would be Latin American rhythm... 
My main traits are sincerity, openness, curiosity, openness to new. I'm loving girl that i... 
I think I am funny, positive, faithful, honest, goal oriented, attractive, kind, soft, sen... 
In my life I am seeking for a kind, romantic and strong man. The age is not so important f... 
If I had to describe myself just with few words, I would tell that I am most optimistic an... 
I am very effective and unusual woman. Like to look always elegant and luxary. I am wise a... 
I am active and ambitious girl who likes to make new friends. People usually dream to have... 
I will be your dream-Sweet, kind, honest, feminine, tender, sensitive, passionate, and rom... 
Like to open this life and try something new. At the same time I am well-balanced, interes... 
I am the lady with serious intentions. I am tactful, confident, kind and I have a good sen... 
I will try to describe myself. I am loving and open-hearted girl. I like to laugh and I ha... 
I am open-minded, humorous and active . Also I am an optimistic person. I could say that I... 
I am two in one, big dreamer and hard worker, I am a realist with optimistic views, I do n... 
New photos update 
I am a sympathetic, kind, hardworking, family-oriented, caring and honest person. I have a... 
I like to explore the world, because it has plenty of interesting things. I am able to sol... 
My name is Natalia I am 36 years old and I live in the city of Nikolayev. I love my city v... 
It is very difficult to tell about myself because it is very philosophical question. Becau... 
Intelligent and responsive, predisposed to people and is always open soul. I love watching... 
Cheerful and active girl, I have a good heart and a pure soul. I spend my free time outdoo... 
I am positive and open girl, with a warm heart and a tender soul. My nature is passionate ... 
I'd like to tell you some words about myself. I'm young, but wise an mature mind lady. I a... 
I love the rest on the nature with the good company; I love life communicate and walks in ... 
I am very curious and opened. Sincere and kind. I enjoy life and I am happy every day! I l... 
I am easy-going and open-minded person who enjoy life every day. I have a lot of interests... 
My name is Marina, from Spanish it translates like sea-lady. And it is true- I am like fre... 
I'm very sensitive and tender girl with a burning heart and crazy passion to live and take... 
I am cheerful and sociable person. I like to enjoy life and meet new people. In people I v... 
I am kind, happy, honest, loving, successful, outgoing, positive person and classically hu... 
Talking about myself I would like to say that I am friendly and gregarious person, I like ... 
I'm sociable.I Would like to find new friends. And I'm kind, polite girl. Sometimes I'm la... 
To tell you the truth I'm cheerful, open-hearted, kind. I am an easy going person who like... 
I always listen to my inner voice and it never deceived me. I am a modern lady and I try t... 
New profiles update 
I am kind, caring and tender lady who joined this site with the great desire to find a man... 
I'm a bit philosophic in some life situations. But at the same time I always find the way ... 
I am a bombshell in real life! I am emotional and very easy-going woman! I am always posit... 
I am very enchanting woman, I am a good cook, I am able to create the comfort of home, I d... 
I am a girl and I have a difficult character! My positive traits are: I am too kind and tr... 
I am the woman who can know what my man wants and desires not after he told me but because... 
My charming smile, mesmerizing and charming eyes will never give you a chance to cross ove... 
I am a kind, positive, natural, serious, very sensitive and open-minded person who loves a... 
I am a very nice and cute girl! Very cheerful and easy-going, communicative and conscienti... 
I am lady with good understanding of life and of my needs. I have a lot of warm feelings a... 
I am a cheerful and full of energy girl with an excellent disposition and the same sense o... 
I am a pleasant and intelligent lady with many aims and dreams. I believe that if you desi... 
I am cheerful and a good mixer, energetic and kind, reliable and sincere. I have been rais... 
I am a very creative lady and I am in a model business. I adore Latin dances and dream to ... 
I am very kind person. I always try to be desired. I have a lot of friends and meetings or... 
I am a very energetic person, also I am responsible, cheerful and faithful. My best qualit... 
I am an active lady who is studying law in university and working as a waitress. I love mo... 
I have a friendly and open face which shows something like goodwill. Actually I am an ordi... 
I am a kind, cheerful, sociable lady! Being energetic, doing sports and other activities i... 
I am a cheerful, sociable and kind. In the future I will work as a lawyer, now I am gettin... 
Im honest, merry, faithfull, kind, loving and caring lady. I'm very active and loyal perso... 
Hey darling! You are now looking into the most beautiful eyes you've ever seen. Try not to... 
I am very active and loyal person who likes to get pleasure from life. My friends think th... 
I am beautiful, strong-willed, passionate and tender at the same time. If you look at my p... 
Well dear friend, I will try to describe myself? All my friends think that I am cheerful a... 
There is not much to tell you about myself - it is much easier to tell you everything that... 
Im kind, cheerful and loving woman. I like to travel very much! Also I like active lifesty... 
I am lady who believes in love! I do not want to play games, I am serious woman! I want to... 
I am generous and kind person, the one with whom easy to deal with because I do not mind t... 
Hello, stranger! Thank you for your attention! What kind of woman you are looking for? I a... 
I am a mature woman and I love my life with its various quirks. I am very cheerful person.... 
I have different sides as two sides of a coin! I can be romantic and sentimental, but at t... 
I love my daughter very much and it takes almost all my free time to raise her in a right ... 
I dont like to tell people how amazing person I am. I am not so modest, but I am very open... 
Hello, I'm Yulia. I'm at the stage of my life when I wish to find one great man and make e... 
I am cheerful girl with a sense of humor. Friendly and I believe that good always triumphs... 
I can say that I am an optimist, I definitely know what I want and I always try to reach m... 
I am very optimistic person. I always try to find the best in everything. I am a great nar... 
I am very gentle, sensitive, responsive and creative person. I like to meet and discover s... 
I am sociable, family oriented , kind lady. I like to spend my free time with my family an... 
I`m studying to be a doctor. I chose this profession because I want to help people, I thin... 
I follow the rule: do not criticize others and you won't be criticized by others. So I am ... 
I am communicative and I believe that open and sincere communication is the most important... 
I am very cheerful and kind person. My character is very versatile and sometimes it is lik... 
Generally I'm attractive and cute. I'm purposeful and persistent; I achieved everything I ... 
I'm very stubborn and always hold the ground. Everything I begin doing usually gets its lo... 
I am younng, honest and very hot and kind lady. I am looking for a full of love and passio... 
I am very open and outgoing person. I care for others and find great joy in discovering pe... 
I am an ordinary young woman without pernicious habits . I rent a room with my sister and ... 
I am an easy-going and kind person. I believe that we should be always open-minded and hon... 
I am very positive person and I think that everything what happens in life is for good rea... 
Blacklist update 
Initially, I make a confession- it is rather hard to describe own character! But Anyway I ... 
I think to start my journey here I need to tell more about my character. Usually it is not... 
I am honest, kind, intelligent, romantic, and communicative lady that openly shares my tho... 
I was born in a good family and I am a well-bred lady. I am a decent, well-balanced and se... 
Let me tell you a bit more about myself. I am a jolly and kind-hearted woman. I am an acti... 
I am a real woman, who believes in fate and true love. I can be capricious and bold, serio... 
I am a cheerful, communicative and easy-going person. I believe that there are more light ... 
Let me introduce myself. My name is Evgenia. I am twenty-five and I work as waiter in rest... 
First of all I want to write that I am a very serious lady and I am here not for games. I ... 
I have tried to reveal as much as possible about myself above to give you a better idea if... 
I am a nice young woman who wants to love and be loved. I am honest,faithful,open for new.... 
I am tender and passionate lady, who is readty to move into another country and to live be... 
I am very friendly and sincere. I'm kind and romantic. I like to communicate with people a... 
I am smiling, mild, kind and very romantic. I have a good sense of humor and love animals ... 
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion... 
Bikini photos update 
Very witty and outgoing. I love people, nature, I am caring and loving. Since my divorce I... 
I'm a sensible and emotional person. I am able to enjoy the little things and be grateful ... 
I am a very open and honest person, I do not like people who wear masks. To my mind if two... 
I am very positive, cheerful and bright woman, who loves life and ready to change it for b... 
I am tender, very feminine and sensuous, sexy and passionate, optimistic woman with desire... 
I am a very good host since I live in a private house and always keep it in order. Althoug... 
I am just a woman who is tired be alone. Im not here to play games, Im ready to meet only ... 
Let me know you about me for you can see in me your future wife. I am feminine, sincere an... 
Have you ever met a person who puts family on the first place, not only in words, but in a... 
I am a very active and energetic woman. I can not imagine myself doing nothing. I love lif... 
Very outgoing, caring, giving person. Love nature, people and life. I love to make people ... 
I concider myself to be a commucable, joyfull, tender and optimistic person. I'm very kind... 
New photos update 
I am a real woman, active, graceful, passionate and opened for discovering something new! ... 
I am just one of the thousands women who wants to find a real love here. I want to say tha... 
I have a good heart, I am a romantic woman, loyal, sincere woman. My personality is quiet,... 
Nice kitten with a nice figure, kind eyes and cheerful smile. I have a good heart and seri... 
All my friends say that I always smile and very happy, they say that I like a sun shine, I... 
I'm an optimistic and buoyant woman. I'm steadfast and confident and I always have my pers... 
I have a good heart, I am a romantic lady, loyal, sincere woman. My personality is quiet, ... 
Seller and consultant. I like to relax in nature. I love people and cats! Very shy but I t... 
I am honest and sincere person,sometimes very direct.I like to have fun but at the same ti... 
I am a very open and sincere person, who can be soft as the first spring grass and unpredi... 
To be short, I'm cheerful, outgoing and having a wide range of interests. I'm far from bei... 
It is difficult to tell about myself, because I think different people can say differently... 
I am a cheerful, responsive and sociable lady. I am rather mature and serious, but I know ... 
I am a student of Medical University. My future specialty is pharmacist. I can be active a... 
I`m a skeptic and a realist. I think that I am charismatic, cheerful, sympathetic, I am re... 
Is this our chance? I hope so! We are deserve to love and be loved. I am person that enjoy... 
I am kind, tender, joyful, and funny. Also, I am a very forgiving person. I like people wi... 
I am a creative person. I like to make people and the space around me beautiful! I believe... 
First what I want to tell about myself that I'm very cheerful and sociable person. I have ... 
I am sensual, energetic, positive, sincere, romantic woman with good character. My friends... 
I am family oriented, loyal and forgiving woman) I am also a good cook but unfortunately h... 
I am a very tender, feminine, romantic and optimistic lady with an interesting inner world... 
I am a cheerful, responsive and sociable lady. I am rather mature and serious, but I know ... 
I am comfortable in jeans or in an evening gown. You find me easy going and loving to laug... 
I am easy-going and morally strong person who likes non-ordinary people that could bring s... 
I am real Ukrainian woman, lovely and with great sense of humor. Little bit shy, little bi... 
I am a tender lady, with the positive outlook on world. I think that every person should h... 
New profiles update 
I wish to be happy and to give happiness to my man. I am a true example of a classic lady.... 
I am lady who had an experience in family life - so, I'll be ideal wife. I am family orien... 
I am a positive person, and I try to see something positive in every aspect of life. I try... 
I am a girl who has the perfect sense of humor. I love life and I try to enjoy it every da... 
Hello. My name is Marina. I am 28 years.I am a beautiful girl with a good sense of humor. ... 
I'm easy going and active lady, I don't like just sitting and doing nothing that is why I ... 
I am friendly and optimistic person, I enjoy communicating with interesting people. I love... 
I am very cheerful, communicative, easy-going lady. I get on well with people. I am always... 
I'm an open-minded, straight forward person. I love to spend time actively, like communica... 
I am a communicative, funny woman. I am self-confident and I can stand for myself. I belei... 
I am tall, kind, devoted, responsible, easy going and mature girl. I love to live my life,... 
I'm an active person with lots of interests and likes. I'm open-minded, creative and purpo... 
I like to go to different cultural events with my sister usually ) I care when someone is ... 
I'm a self-reliant, and I achieve everything in my life by myself. But sometimes I really ... 
I am an open-minded, faithful, kind-hearted, very sympathetic, responsible, lively, energe... 
I am a very open and sincere person, full of energy and optimism. I like to be involved in... 
I am a well-balanced, cheerful and easy-going lady. I am extremely positively-thinking, op... 
I am feminine and smart, optimistic and tender, loving and attractive, attentive and respo... 
I am calm and purposeful person. Interested in what is happening in the world, I love to r... 
I am a young charming Ukrainian girl who still believes that dreams can come true. I am ro... 
I am a soft, positive and harmonious personality. I am curious, self-developed, humorous a... 
Maybe I am still pretty young and not well-experienced. But I'm serious enough: I can't im... 
I can describe myself as merry and attentive girl. I like children and animals. I like to ... 
I am modest, kind, goal-oriented and responsible. I like to dream, and I believe dreams co... 
I may be different but not unpredictable)) My pluses include optimistic attitude to life, ... 
I can speak about myself from morning till evening, I'll try to keep my story short but to... 
I am not only a brown-eyed slim girl , i am an intelligent and sophisticated woman who lik... 
I am an interesting and active lady! I have a wonderful sense of humour and try to look at... 
I am open, easy-going,kind, womanly, funny lady, who likes to try new things in life, beca... 
To be honest I do not like to praise myself. But I think that I am cheerful and kind perso... 
14. I'm calm and cheerful person. I'm always kind and responsive to others. I have many fr... 
I am so tender and romantic girl. I like long walks, talking about everything until late a... 
Blacklist update 
My friends call me "ray of sunshine" Probably because I always smile and friendly attitude... 
I am kind and very affectionate, sexy, open and sincere, creative with good fantasy. I am ... 
I live with my son in Donetsk in my own flat. Now I am on maternity leave. I have a little... 
I'd like to say that I'm that type of woman, who loves like noone! who loves till the end,... 
I am a beautiful self-confident lady, I have many hobbies and my life is full of different... 
You find me discipled and purposeful lady, I know exactly what I want and need from the li... 
Easy going lady, who loves life and try to live it full. Self development is my motto. I l... 
I am kind, charming and caring. I like jokes and I try to enjoy my life. I think that the ... 
I`m active young girl, very communicative and easy on rise, kind and loyal to people. I`m ... 
Hi! My name is Olga! I'm 24 years old and I live in a beautiful city Kharkov)) I graduated... 
I am funny, outgoing, and positive. I am respected among friends for being wise, honest an... 
I'm merry, I like to cook. In his free time I like to read. I do not like to swear and arg... 
I enjoy everything that brings me smile and what makes people who surround me happy. I lik... 
Given the relationship, I think that the main task of women to create peace in the home an... 
I am very easy-going girl with my outlook on life. I try to combine positive and realistic... 
I have a beautiful name Margarita. This name in ancient times was one of the epithets of t... 
I am friendly and communicative; I have lots of friends and lots of hobbies. I don't like ... 
I impetuous girl who gets everything what I want in this life! I love to achieve goals, to... 
I am easy-going, cheerfull and good looking girl. I love to do things I never done before,... 
Bikini photos update 
I came to this site with one aim - to find lover man! I am looking for true and honest lov... 
I have a gentle nature, I am sociable and cheerful.I truly believe that I can find my soul... 
I am a communicative, cheerful and a little adventurous woman. I am also very tender and c... 
am an optimistic and kind girl. I adore communication with other people, it brings me a lo... 
My motto - always be positive in any situation. I often smile and lifts all the mood. I do... 
I am open and optimistic girl, always ready for a new way. I think every day life can pres... 
I am so kind, honest, responsible. Of corse I like outdoor activities. I enjoy getting new... 
About my character, I can tell that I am kind, caring for the people dear to me, sympathet... 
As for me, I am student. I m future English teacher that s why I improve my English skills... 
I am very cheerful and kind girl. I will never leave you bored. Every day is so different ... 
New photos update 
I know I will do everything for people who are in my heart - I am sincere and I appreciate... 
I love to talk and joke, so I can tell you a lot about yourself. But most importantly, you... 
I'm very open nature, I love to travel, learn something new. I have a good education and I... 
I will try to be very short. I like to be with my friend and family, because I think that ... 
I am full of optimism. I am very communicative, like to help people. I am emotional; I lik... 
I am kind and tender woman. Sometimes can be emotional and passionate. I have ambitions an... 
I am a lady, and I like to be a real woman. I am responsible,family- oriented, romantic pe... 
I am a sociable person. I have many friends and I value friendship very much. I am very op... 
I am cheerful, kind, purposeful, little dreamer and a dreamer. I love my family and friend... 
I am very purposeful, sociable, friendly girl. I appreciate in people sincerity and dedica... 
I am passionate by nature, hot blooded woman, with charisma, brilliance and impulsive. Pas... 
Hello)Thanks for reading my profile)I am a simple, down to Earth Ukrainian lady but at the... 
I do not really like talking about myself, because I think that people who communicate wit... 
New profiles update 
Hello there! Among hundreds of profiles on this site you came across this one, so it can b... 
I am a romantic lady who accumulated a lot of tenderness and warm feeling to share with my... 
It is always hard to be objective about yourself. Let me try! Definitely I am not a sleepi... 
I am self-sufficient. I love my children and grandchildren, but, unfortunately, rarely mee... 
I am a mature woman with certain life exprience but I still believe in love that can last ... 
Well, guys, don't think I am a typical blond woman who hurts her brain when thinks, hahah.... 
I am tender woman but life taught me how to be strong. But I want to feel myself a weak wo... 
I am a simple family woman that is ready to start serious relationship with a nice man tha... 
I am kind with sense of humor, steady, obliging, caring, soft, purposeful, cheerful, roman... 
I'm a woman-holiday, whom is impossible to see in the bad mood and who wants only to make ... 
I am alive, romantic, cheerful, kind and open minded.I am tender woman, I am a trustworthy... 
I am a real woman: beautiful and sexy, caring and loving, romantic and passionate, kind an... 
I am a woman who seeks for love. Real, breathtaking love when the two people cannot live w... 
I am honest and faithful, life loving, happy and positive, hardworking. I hate lies and fa... 
Well, guys, I hope that looking at my pictures and my video you will see a cheerful and po... 
People always tell me that I am beautiful sweet lady and they often ask how it is possible... 
I'm a charming and smart girl. I'm quite an artistic person. I'm cheerful and have a good ... 
I am a classic Slavic woman: caring, loving, passionate, affectionate and very kind and ho... 
They say that a book should never be judged by its cover. As a librarian I can says that i... 
smile! I am adventurous and I like to explore new things. I am 100% optimistic person and ... 
I am here because I believe in real love, I believe in destiny but I still think that we a... 
I am very calm and gentle lady. I avoid conflicts and try to see life only in bright color... 
I am Well-educated, self-confident, classy and pretty lady. I am very kind, honest, sentim... 
I am very communicative and sociable person. I have many friends! People say I am like sun... 
I would say that I am nice kind tender, attentive, calm, communicative, friendly. I have a... 
I am very purposeful, sociable, friendly girl. I appreciate in people sincerity and dedica... 
I am tender and sincere woman looking for a real woman happiness. I am loving, tender and ... 
I'm clever, honest, decent, and communicative. I respect older people. I love children and... 
Blacklist update 
Bikini photos update 
Its always not so easy to describe my character. I am very calm and balanced person. I am ... 
I am a real, passionate and purposeful woman. I understand that if you want to reach somet... 
New photos update 
I am romantic but down to earth woman, energetic, positive always and everywhere, well man... 
I am a devoted, tender, caring and family-oriented woman. I know the importance of family ... 
I am a cheerful and sociable lady. I am an optimist with a good sense of humour. I have a ... 
My life heroes are my immediate family: my mother and granny. I like everything positive a... 
I am nice, tender, loving,caring and I will be a good wife for a man that makes me feel lo... 
I am honest person and I respect honesty in people and relationship .I like to be in move ... 
I am active cheerful girl. My main character trait - I love to bring all things to the end... 
I was always an unusual girl. My mother told me that I had a chameleon soul. No compass po... 
New profiles update 
I consider myself to be an active, healthy and life loving woman. I have a good sense of h... 
I am cheerful, kind, flexible, curious and romantic woman. I am active and good woman! You... 
I am a sociable woman with the deep and romantic soul. I am looking for my second half, be... 
I am a modest lady, but it does not mean that I'm shy. I know what to do in any situation.... 
Beautiful and sensual, feminine and charming, confident. I want to love and be loved. Ther... 
By nature I am soft, kind, easy-going, well-balanced, romantic, sensual, affectionate and ... 
I am very positive, active, cheerful and full of love! I think that right now is the perfe... 
I'm calm, faithful, open-handed, friendly, patient, gregarious, thoughtful and value home ... 
I am a single lady which is now playing a role of a mother-housewife for my little daughte... 
I'm a cheerful lady with a serious view of life and a good sense of humor. I love to upgra... 
I am a creative person! I love romance and beautiful things! I always try to look good! I ... 
As for me I am a very sincere, punctual lady with a good sense of humor. I believe that ho... 
This is difficult tell to talk about yourself)) Better, ask my friends and spend a day wit... 
I am open and honest person ,like being in move and like to be in good companies .I think ... 
I am used to take care of my closest people and share all good things with them. I am very... 
I believe that a woman is - a puzzle that you need to solve. I don't like to be sad. We li... 
I am sociable, always open to new communication and experience. I am goal-oriented person.... 
I am easy-going, so it is always easy to find a common language with me, and it is not nec... 
I am a woman who loves only once, I am a woman who dreams to find this love. I am a woman ... 
If you are looking for someone energetic, active, passionate, lively, sociable, cheerful, ... 
I am alive, active, and adventurous. I know what I want and I will value when have it. The... 
I'm a charming lady with a good sense of humor.I'm realistic enough to understand that lif... 
I am very calm and very kind -hearted person. I like to be friendly with people. When my f... 
I am a very active person. I like to try new things, discover new places and meet new inte... 
I look like independent woman but in my heart I`m very loving and carring. I can be your b... 
My beauty is captivating, appealing, seductive, alluring and adorable. It means that I hav... 
I am a peaceful, reliable, honest, sincere, empathetic, positive, reliable and loyal lady.... 
I am well-balanced, even- tempered but self-confident and very cheerful person, I am easy ... 
As for my character I think I am calm, reliable, kind, with a good sense of humor. I don't... 
My most positive attributes are honesty, integrity and reliability. I take pride in all th... 
I do have some qualities and some flaws. I am persistent, goal oriented but along with thi... 
I have been told that I am fun, generous, confident, and have a good sense of humour. I ma... 
So let me tell you few words about my character:im open person and broad-minded.With me yo... 
Imagine a picture of a sweet, nice, cute and cheerful girl that loves life, likes people a... 
Hi! My name is Margarita. I am 22 years old. I live with my parents and brother. I`m study... 
I can fill your life with sunlight and warmth. I can change every day of your life! I know... 
What can I tell about myself? First of all, I am brave woman, which get used to achieve mu... 
I'm friendly, optimistic, caring lady. I like give my smile for people and take the best t... 
I'm sure, you have never met such a woman like me! I'm funny, sweet and charming! I am lik... 
I am very delicate, fragile girl, I need male attention, affection and care! I love life, ... 
I am optimistic and funny person ,my friends are always in a good mood if I am near .I alw... 
I am a happy, loving and caring woman who just wants to love and to be loved. I'm a positi... 
I'm a very positive and optimistic girl with romantic outlook on life! I have a very big a... 
I want to say that I like to laugh and almost always smile. I know from my life that when ... 
I am real woman! You will see it. I am a woman who dream to love and be loved. Very tender... 
I am not a young crazy student any more, but a lady mature and serious enough to find her ... 
I am a lawyer. I can say that is the realization of a childhood dream) I wanted to become ... 
I'm a charming and smart girl. I'm quite an artistic person. I'm cheerful and have a good ... 
Blacklist update 
I am a very livable person. I enjoy every minute of amazing and wonderful life I have. I'm... 
I am very energetic person. I am optimistic and always believe in happy end. I always smil... 
I am a very active and curious person. I want to know everything about everything. Every d... 
It is always hard to be objective about yourself. Let me try! Definitely I am not a sleepi... 
I am short-tempered, passionate and sometimes discreet woman, sometimes too straightforwar... 
I am a very kind, caring, responsible and gentle lady. I like traveling around the world, ... 
I am very romantic, woman one man. Very responsive, supportive and caring. I consider myse... 
Bikini photos update 
Hi dear)I am very tender and passionate girl.I dream about my love.I hate to be alone.I ca... 
You won`t find a person similar to me! I am light and tender. I am strong, but kind and lo... 
I am active lady! You will understand completely what it means only after spending some ti... 
I'm a mature woman, with a baby, searching for serious and reliable man. I am very romanti... 
I'm tender, smart, sexy, hot girl from Ukraine. I have very strong character. I can give y... 
I am very interesting and attractive woman . I have an opened soul and passionate heart . ... 
I am very responsible and self-confident woman. By nature, I can say that I am a workaholi... 
I am cheerful, energetic and optimistic woman. I love my life and happy to have all my goo... 
I am extremely romantic, loving and passionate woman. I am hard working and stubborn when ... 
I am an easy-going, cheerful girl with a great sense of humor. I am very kind, open-minded... 
New photos update 
I am very emotional and romantic girl, dreaming to meet the love of my life. My close peop... 
Sometimes it is almost impossible to give real description of yourself not taking risk to ... 
I am mature, intelligent, purposeful and optimistic lady. I used to take life as it is wit... 
New profiles update 
About myself I can say a lot. I am a reliable and optimistic person with a great sense of ... 
I am easy going and open minded, I like to laugh and communicate with people. I am very ki... 
I am kind, caring and attentive, gentle, confident, faithful, responsible and romantic. I ... 
As far as I can see my character is cheerful and kind in general. I'm normally a happy and... 
That's difficult to describe my personality but I will try. I am balanced person. Sometime... 
My name is Marina. My friends call me Marinka. This year I graduated from the University. ... 
I have a changeable character and mood. I am the friendly person. I love and I am able to ... 
I am cheerful, energetic, sociable, serious, responsible, honest, kind, loyal, flexible, s... 
I consider myself to be an active, energetic, open and honest woman. In relationships I ca... 
I am not usual woman, and I am sure you are not looking for usual one. First of all, I'm s... 
I am a very positive person, I am optimist and with a good sense of humor! I am always wit... 
I am feminine, confident, attractive, kind, sociable and persistent. I have fixed goals an... 
I am calm, humorous, reliable, self-sufficient and loving. I love my family, I am proud of... 
A few words about me: I can say that I am a kind, gentle, loving, attractive and joyful wo... 
I am the lady from your dreams, the one you need, why am I so sure? Because I am a kind sw... 
It's great to be a blonde. With low expectations it's very easy to surprise people. Althou... 
I would like to describe myself as active and passionate person. I am also very romantic p... 
I think that I am very interesting person. I am sure that when you are with me you will ne... 
I'm energetic, active and creative people! Every day I used to meet with a smile on my fac... 
I'm cheerful person, for me life is a gift and I appreciate it, like I appreciate human re... 
I fully dedicate myself to the things that are interesting to me. I am crazy about innovat... 
I am stable, confident person. My life experience taught me to keep calm even situation is... 
Family and home comes first for me. It is my preference and my consolation. I am a support... 
I am a trustworthy, intelligent, well-bred, optimistic, decent, purposeful, cheerful, kind... 
I am an intelligent and optimistic lady. I have a good sense of humour and I am really ver... 
I am very cheerful, positive and attractive woman. Life is so wonderful and I love it so m... 
I`m an emotional and romantic lady. I`m gentle and resolute. I`m serious and responsible. ... 
I am not a simple woman, but I possess a very kind and easy-going nature. I am very respon... 
I am on this site because I want to be happy. I want to find a person I can truly fall in ... 
I am very patient, kind and sociable person. I am real woman, smart and very caring and ha... 
My personality is many-sided. Longer you know me - more you learn about me. I think that a... 
Everyone has a good chances in life, people should make and use maximum of chances and als... 
I am a simple Ukrainian girl with open mind and heart, who adores family, close friends an... 
I am very hot woman with a hot body - did you see my photos? But I am really serious about... 
I am very kind and cheerful person. You will never see me angry or upset. I think that a h... 
I am a serious girl at the same time with a big aims in my life I mean to find a great lov... 
Would you like to have a faithful, kind, bright and energetic lady by your side who knows ... 
I'm cheerful, active, spirited, kind, resilient, optimistic, romantic and faithful lady. I... 
An Angel in public and a Devil in the bedroom Wink But you should know that before getting... 
I am very easy going and optimistic girl. I take everything from this life and try to be b... 
I would like to tell you about me.I am good-natured, open to people and always look forwar... 
I am very creative and romantic person. I am optimistic and cheerful! I believe that our d... 
I am an active, cheerful, goal-oriented person. Sometimes I can be naive and childish, I b... 
I am cheerful, easy-going, sociable, but sometimes I need to be on my own for a while. I a... 
I am a well-educated, interesting and genuine lady for a good family. I am honest, reliabl... 
I am a sociable woman! My dream is to be a teacher of mathematics and pass my knowledge to... 
I am a tender, energetic and positive woman. I have a kind heart and a good sense of humou... 
I am a very funny and cheerful girl with a great sence of humor. I love my family and rela... 
I am cheerful, cheerful girl. I love an active lifestyle, nature, animals, children. It is... 
I am an optimistic girl and I try live smiling! I guess, women should always be in a good ... 
I am really optimistic, energetic and positive woman. I am sweet, tender and caring and al... 
Hi! My name is Zhenya, I`m Ukrainian and i`m 18 years old. I live in Kyiv and study in Nat... 
Blacklist update 
I am very cheerful woman and I can appreciate every thing that was given to me. I am quite... 
If you are looking for an honest, serious and joyful woman, you have already found HER! I ... 
It is always hard to tell about myself as I think that I can't judge who I am. But I can t... 
I truly believe that life is beautiful and I know how to make it even better. I have a lot... 
I enjoy to wake up with the first beams of the sun ,with pure thoughts, touch of the warm ... 
I would describe myself as kind, honest, supportive, sensitive and considerate. I am able ... 
I love my life .Other such I will not have. I love the people close to me, with all their ... 
I am very cheerful and optimistic person. I know how to enjoy every day, go forward and no... 
I want to find not just family, but to be happy, to raise children together, enjoy life to... 
I am very interesting and intelligent lady for to build strong relationships with me. I am... 
Do you think that you are going to get to know the young and hot lady in one exemplar? Ah,... 
I am an explosive mixture! (SMILE) I am romantic and soft, but have peppered tongue and li... 
I am a young pretty sociable girl. I like to spend time with my friends and I like to get ... 
I am very sensitive and caring but I am also very passionate and wild. Do you like this co... 
I am not ideal, but very close to it) You will agree, it is not an easy task to describe y... 
I am sociable and merry. I can be serious and playful. I am friendly and hospitable and I ... 
I love sports. 10 years of my life I gave gymnastics and will manifest myself master of sp... 
I am an easy-going girl, who likes to have fun, I enjoy each second of my life, I always t... 
In my opinion each person is unic and it's no ability to tell everything about it's charac... 
True woman is like a diamond or a flower. She has many different petals or facets, which s... 
Bikini photos update 
New photos update 
I am a well-balanced, down-to-earth, easy-going, sensual and kind-hearted woman with a ver... 
Thomas Paine once said "The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, an... 
I know how to be modest and fit my man's hand and heart in public. I also know how to be s... 
I love my life ,other such I will not have.I love the people close to me, with all their p... 
I am cheerful, creative, but at the same time responsible, caring and compassionate person... 
I have a tender and soft heart, I was told that I am feminine, attractive and positive. I ... 
Albert Einstein once said the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over again an... 
I am a very positive person. I am even-tempered and balanced, do not like squabbles and ar... 
I know that to start it is always little difficult. Especially that I know many people wil... 
I am very sociable, friendly, kind, with the good sense of humor. I am interested in many ... 
New profiles update 
I am very gentle, romantic and emotional girl who believes in true love and sincere feelin... 
It is difficult to tell about myself, because I think different people can say differently... 
I am an energetic and optimistic person, I cannot imagine my life without smile and laugh.... 
I have a tender and sensitive soul, but when there is a need, I can be purposeful and deci... 
I can say about myself that I am a modest woman, honest and loyal. I can be very gentle an... 
I am a woman with high family values. I conduct an active way of life, gentle, caring, hum... 
I am purposeful and self-sufficient person. I have no bad habits, I am leading a healthy l... 
I am so unforced and easy-going, so tender and romantic! I love spending my time in the co... 
I am funny and outgoing lady, my name is Lena. Every morning I am doing some sport- it giv... 
I like bright colors in clothes and in my life also) I don't like drab existence and alway... 
If you've read my story, so I hope you will enjoy.. I want the real thing and a real man .... 
I am multiple personality. I have my own principles, concepts. I am ambitious, confident, ... 
My friends describe me as positive, energetic, sociable, strong and industrious woman. On ... 
I have a very easygoing personality and my friends say I have a good sense of humor. I am ... 
nice girl with a good body without bad habits and a good lifestyle, love romantic dates, l... 
One of Japanese philosophy says "appreciate these moments of life, as if they were the las... 
Never tired to smile!I believe that smile WILL save the world! I accept and respect people... 
I am a very active girl, I love to be the center of attention. I do not like boring compan... 
I think I am a good humoured, very responsible, hard working and emotional person. I like ... 
I am kind and open person. I like to give all my love and affection to my loving people. I... 
I`m curios and vivid girl, I love life and love my work, I`m devoted to family. People say... 
I am an active and positive person who likes to enjoy life and to be happy. I am a cheerfu... 
) I am a confident person, who knows how to get the best result. I like to get my aim and ... 
I am a kind and cute lady from Ukraine! I live together with my mom and sister, but I have... 
In my opinion, every girl should have a rich inner world besides outer beauty, so I'm inte... 
. I like to look fashionable. My friends always say to me that I am very stylish and I hav... 
I am an ateractive, kind and sincere lady who is looking for her destiny here. I am very t... 
Some people say that there are only types of women,but I can?t refer myself to one of them... 
I am a modest person. I like communication, meeting with new people. I am always ready to ... 
I have a very open and sincere heart. My soul has care, love, passion and I really need a ... 
I am an attractive, kind and sensitive girl who dreams of a long-term outlook, the serious... 
Positive features in me are kindness, decency and honesty. I like to be creative in everyt... 
Hello! Don't fall in Love with the hair - It turns white. Don't fall in Love with the eyes... 
I am an honest and sincere person, I don't accept double-minded and false people, honesty ... 
They say I am a classy woman! Well yes i absolutely agree and like it! I like to look grea... 
I am open and cheerful, smart and emotional, active and communicative. In fact, I am a wom... 
My name is Elena. My name means beauty. But we know that the beauty of women, not only in ... 
I am very bright and easy-going personality. I always feel myself comfortable with people,... 
How could I describe myself in some words?Well, I am active, broadminded, cheerful, compet... 
I am educated person, I like to communicate with sincere good people. Often I want to spen... 
I am interesting, young woman, full of life, energy and love! And I am ready to share all ... 
I often ask myself: what kind of person am I? I am a stormy wave, smashing everything on m... 
Cheerful, optimistic, purposeful. I like to communicate with new people and to understand ... 
I'm Open-minded and ready to help ! I am incredibly energetic optimist and positive and ki... 
Happy and cheerful girl) I like an active lifestyle and chocolates. Obstinate and very har... 
I am kind, sympathetic, well educated lady who wants to find happiness, to love and be lov... 
!I am calm, well-balanced, not hysterical and do not suffer from depressions. I can talk a... 
I have a soft and tender heart, a compassionate and kind soul. I am responsible and tactfu... 
I am beautiful and feminine. I don't have my beloved man yet, but I have people who really... 
I'm very reputable girl, nice, cute and clever) Of course, I have a lot of plans and dream... 
Tender, caring, attentive and romantic lady. I was brought up with strong family values an... 
I love life and I know how precious it is. I am a very simple girl, I am open and talkativ... 
I am very calm and affectionate lady. I am not the one who argues or quarrels because of s... 
