Gallery: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2: Michael Matthews is not unfamiliar with the post-pink protocol. Photo: T... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2: Michael Matthews takes the maglia rosa as Elia Viviani finishes fastest ... 
Giro’15 St.2: Viva Viviani!: Race Report: A big sprint was expected in Genova, but who would take the honors? ... 
Tina Pic marks 49th birthday with (what else?) a bike race: Tina Pic (Pepper Palace) showed the strain of the ... 
Can Aru go the distance? Expectations growing for Italy’s next big thing: Italian Fabio Aru (Astana) saluted t... 
Video: Luka Mezgec targets sprint finishes for Giant-Alpecin at Giro d'Italia: Luka Mezgec (Team Giant-Alpecin... 
Giro d'Itaila video: Team time trial on-board footage: Orica-GreenEdge rode to victory on stage 1 of the Giro ... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Fastest bike-path ride ever: The Giro d'Italia's stage 1 team time trial featured seve... 
Kirchmann wins California stage 2, Komanski takes race lead: Leah Kirchmann wins stage 2 of the 2015 ATOC wome... 
Gallery: Phil Gaimon’s ‘Cookie Bike’: To promote its new version of the Podium, Diamondback commissioned this ... 
California press conference confirms: No clear favorite, except in the sprints: A few of the big names on the ... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 1: Results from the opening stage of the 2015 Giro d'Italia
The post Result... 
In which I am reduced to ranting about race hashtags….: So, here comes a rant-ette.
I love twitter.  I have ma... 
Gerrans parties in Giro pink jersey after difficult days: Simon Gerrans crossed the line first for the TTT-win... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 2 preview: 

Voxwomen previews a climber-friendly stage 2 of th... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 1 report: 

Highlights from the opening stage of the women's To... 
Anti-doping stakeholders join forces at Tour of California: 

For the first time, the UCI, CADF, and USADA wil... 
Orica-GreenEdge wins Giro stage 1 TTT, Gerrans takes pink jersey: Orica-GreenEdge opened the 2014 Giro d'Itali... 
Giro’15 St.1: Orica-Kings Of The TTT!: Race Report: The Orica-GreenEDGE team kept their Giro team time trial c... 
Petacchi: ‘The Giro still drives me’: Alessandro Petacchi has raced in Langkawi and Turkey this year, but the ... 
Shirt week!  Support the Bristol Grand Prix and get this awesome t-shirt!: 
I live in Bristol, in the UK, and ... 
Hansen begins epic ride in bid to write name in record books: With a top 10 GC result in the Tour of Turkey, A... 
WIN: RUDY PROJECT GEAR Every Giro Stage!: Celebrate Il Giro d'Italia with Rudy Project and PEZ, and look belli... 
After strong early season, time is now for Porte in Giro: Richie Porte has already prevailed over top GIro riv... 
Cavendish: We have a team that can win stages in Tour of California: Mark Cavendish is back in California this... 
Sagan: I want to speak with Tinkov eye to eye: Looking relaxed and rested, with his sunglasses pushed back on ... 
British nobility in the Amgen Tour of California women’s peloton: Decorated para-athlete Sarah Storey (Pearl I... 
Hall wins first stage of Amgen Women’s Tour of California: UnitedHealthcare's Katie Hall sprinted to win stage... 
Bennett out of Giro due to low cortisol levels: To comply with MPCC rules, LottoNL-Jumbo has pulled George Ben... 
UCI to test extreme weather protocol at Giro d’Italia: The final week of the 2014 Giro started with stage 16, ... 
Alberto Contador: “The Tour alone doesn’t motivate me 100 percent”: Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) is about t... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Ready to rip: Photo: Chad Haga
American Chad Haga is excited for his first Giro d'Ital... 
Video: GCN previews the Giro’s stage 1 TTT: Take a look at the Giro's stage 1 TTT with Global Cycling Network.... 
GIRO ’15: PEZ Rides the TTT Corsa!: Trek Factory Racing’s Calvin Watson calls it “a tight, technical course an... 
Giro’s team time trial leaves little room for error: The Tinkoff-Saxo team previewed the Giro's technical stag... 
Five key Giro d’Italia stages: 

If you can only watch the Giro a few days during May, these are the five stag... 
Tinkoff-Saxo: Contador’s Giro the winning ticket?: If Alberto Contador can deliver at the Giro d'Italia, the m... 
Stephens ready to contend at women’s Tour of California: After a strong early season, Lauren Stephens will mak... 
Inside the Pro Peloton: Where Power Isn’t Everything: The article Inside the Pro Peloton: Where Power Isn’t Ev... 
Analysis: Hard to read tea leaves ahead of grand tour season: GC stars like Chris Froome (Sky) and Alberto Con... 
SA MTB Team touches base ahead of Continental Champs (RWA): SA MTB Team touches base ahead of Continental Cham... 
Kevin Evans announces retirement from professional cycling: Kevin Evans announces retirement from professional... 
Video: Top 5 sprinters for the Giro d'Italia: With some of the most mountainous terrain of the year, the Giro ... 
Rabobank Marianne Vos Classic 2015: The article Rabobank Marianne Vos Classic 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
SRS Provides “Real” Racing for Regions Top Talent: The Southeast Regional Series presented by BikeReg showcase... 
inCycle video: Contador, Porte and Uran talk ahead of the Giro d'Italia: With the Giro d’Italia start just day... 
ORICA-AIS’ Martin Barras on UCI races and the women’s road calendar: Earlier in the week I interviewed Matrix ... 
Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

Who will carry the pink jersey to Milan? Contador is a five-star favorite, but ... 
Carmen Small wins Pan Am TT championships: Carmen Small won the 2015 Pan American time trial championships in ... 
How to follow the 2015 women’s Amgen Tour of California, LIVE!: 
8th-10th May 2015
So this year women’s cyclin... 
Video: GCN’s top 10 riders to watch at the Giro d’Italia: 

Global Cycling Network takes a look at 10 favorite... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 1 preview: Voxwomen provides a preview of the first stage of th... 
2015 Giro d’Italia start list: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the Giro d'Italia... 
Van Avermaet acquitted in Belgian doping investigation: Greg Van Avermaet (BMC) finished third in the 2015 Ron... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Col de la Croix de Fer: 

The Col Collective ascends this 27km climb that ave... 
Hesjedal leads Cannondale-Garmin squad for Giro: Ryder Hesjedal takes the reins at another Giro for Cannondale... 
Women’s Amgen Tour of California 2015: The article Women’s Amgen Tour of California 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
EuroTrash Pre-Giro Thursday!: May 07, 2015 - The Giro d'Italia is here and we have lots of team news from Ital... 
Video: Tales of Bradley Wiggins: Bradley Wiggins made his first appearance with his new WIGGINS team at the To... 
InCycle Video: Adam Hansen and his epic rides: Lotto-Soudal rider Adam Hansen's start in the Giro d'Italia thi... 
Cycling innovator and author Jobst Brandt dies at 80: Brandt, known for his engineering brilliance and his aut... 
Video: Global Cycling Network’s Giro d’Italia preview: 

Who will win the Giro? Global Cycling Network takes a... 
The world championships: An opportunity to change U.S. cycling: Each year, world championships bring together ... 
Italy celebrates Giro start without much hope for home win: Astana's Fabio Aru stood on the final Giro podium ... 
Preview: Decisive racing packed into Giro’s final week: The climb up the Colle delle Finestre will feature dir... 
Outback and beyond: Lachlan Morton returns to pro racing: 

When talented young Morton became disenchanted wit... 
Sea Otter ’15: Gear Round 2: SRAM 1X11 road, Xentis New wide Wheels, Nuun Plus, Scott Bicycles CX and Pro Tec,... 
Astana to keep licence.: Astana to keep licence.Astana to keep licence. UCI reasoned decision. The link to the... 
Giro’15: The PEZ Preview: Saturday is the big day in Italy for cycling fans, the Giro d'Italia launches its se... 
Pozzovivo confirmed as Ag2r-La Mondiale's Giro d'Italia leader: Domenico Pozzovivo has been confirmed as Ag2r-... 
Lampre-Merida announces Giro d'Italia team: Lampre-Merida have announced its nine-rider Giro d'Italia team con... 
Urán set to lead Etixx-QuickStep to success at the Giro d'Italia: Twice second overall at the Giro d'Italia in... 
BMC aims for pink jersey in Giro team time trial: One of the highlights of BMC Racing's 2014 season was a surp... 
Video: Hincapie Racing looks back at its TTT nationals win: The Hincapie Racing Team won the 2015 men's team t... 
On UCI races and the calendar – an interview with Stefan Wyman: There’s been a lot of talk this week about the... 
Why Astana kept its WorldTour license: It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco | Brake... 
WADA and UCI respond to French biological passport report: The World Anti-Doping Agency and the UCI have respo... 
Cavendish, Kittel, Sagan to light up sprints at 10th Amgen Tour of California: Mark Cavendish won the final st... 
Lee’s Giro 2015 Lowdown: The Giro d’Italia is my favorite GT by some distance. I love the Italianness, the sli... 
Graduation can wait as Rivera aims for worlds: Coryn Rivera (UnitedHealthcare) had some bad luck at criterium ... 
Reviewed: Bolle 6th Sense prescription sunglasses: If you prefer more protection from the wind, the 6th Sense ... 
Surprise Romandie winner Zakarin to race in Giro: Ilnur Zakarin won the Tour de Romandie last weekend and will... 
News shorts: Jeannesson out of the Giro d'Italia: FDJ has lost its general classification rider Arnold Jeannes... 
Velocio-SRAM have strong showing at Gracia Orlova: Velocio-SRAM have strong showing at Gracia OrlovaVelocio-SR... 
Toolbox: Metabolic Fatigue and Carbohydrates: Every cyclist loves to eat, and half of the fun of cycling is in... 
Flakemore: The WorldTour is a different level: As Campbell Flakemore (BMC) finished his first World Tour race ... 
Giro news shorts: Romandie winner Zakarin to race Italian Grand Tour for experience: Zakarin heads to the Giro... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Simon Andreassen’s XC race bike: 

Andreassen rides a custom-painted Specialized S-Works Epi... 
Ilnur Zakarin’s Swiss surprise: Katusha's Ilnur Zakarin raised eyebrows with a win at Tour de Romandie that fe... 
WADA criticizes French TV doping report: A report recently aired on Stade 2, a French television station, whic... 
Video: How to fix a broken chain: Global Mountain Bike Network explains how to fix a broken chain.
Global Moun... 
Van Winden leaves Synergy Baku for LottoNL-Jumbo: Synergy Baku rider Dennis van Winden has made the jump back ... 
Alaphilippe signs two-year extension with Etixx-Quick-Step: 

Ardennes revelation Julian Alaphilippe has exten... 
Meier relishes chance to ride for GC at Tour of Turkey: Christian Meier, seen here during last summer's Tour d... 
Orica’s Giro d’Italia goals: Win stages, wear pink: Orica-GreenEdge won the stage 1 team time trial at the Gir... 
Rough riders: Sitting shotgun in the Mavic neutral service car at Roubaix: 

Caley Fretz takes a ride in the f... 
Gear Break: Mini Reviews You Can Use: The PEZ "Test Bench" is getting crowded - but the testing is on and here... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 11 – Around the World in 9 Races: It’s a huge show this week with racing from four contin... 
Pinot's Tour de Romandie results a success for FDJ: In the three WorldTour stage races Thibaut Pinot (FDJ) has... 
EuroTrash Katusha Monday!: May 04, 2015 - The Katusha team are having a great season so far and now they have ... 
Valverde remains top of WorldTour standings: There were no changes to the individual, team and nation WorldTou... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 5: The break heads toward the Gila Cliff Dwellings. Photo: Casey B. Gibs... 
Rob Britton, Mara Abbott conquer Silver City Tour of the Gila: Michael Woods wins the Gila Monster stage of th... 
Week-end Luxembourgeois réussi !: Ce week-end, se déroulait le Festival Luxembourgeois du cyclisme féminin « E... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6: Ilnur Zakarin en route to third on the stage and the overall title. P... 
Fantastic cycle races finish in Margate: Fantastic cycle races finish in MargateFantastic cycle races finish i... 
Elsy Jacobs Stage Two Photo Gallery 2015: Floortje Mackaij won the final stage of Elsy Jacobs 2015 from a brea... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6: Results from the final stage of the 2015 Tour de Romandie
The post Re... 
Video: Highlights of Tour de Romandie stage 6: Ilnur Zakarin (Katuhsa) claimed his first WorldTour victory wit... 
Ilnur Zakarin finishes 3rd in ITT to clinch Tour de Romandie title: Ilnur Zakarin rides to third in the final ... 
Kristijan Durasek hangs on to win 2015 Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Lluis Mas Bonet steals a march on ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 4: Guillaume Boivin leads Eric Young and Chris Horner through the last c... 
Pez Bookshelf: Maglia Rosa – Triumph &amp; Tragedy At The Giro d’Italia: Book Review: Sometimes a party is so good... 
InCycle video: Julián Arredondo talks up ‘the greatest-ever generation for Colombian cycling’: Julián Arredond... 
Lucas Sebastian Haedo, Hannah Barnes win Silver City Crit: Sebastian Haedo unleashed a blistering sprint from ... 
Daniele Ratto vows to fight to finish for Tour of Turkey’s green jersey: Daniele Ratto takes the green points ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 5: The peloton comes to Fribourg. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspor... 
Elsy Jacobs Stage One Photo Gallery 2015: The article Elsy Jacobs Stage One Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first ... 
Ilnur Zakarin leads Tour de Romandie as Thibault Pinot wins stage 5: Thibault Pinot ends his victory drought i... 
Defending champs conquer joBerg2c again: Defending champs conquer joBerg2c againDefending champs conquer joBer... 
Jay McCarthy: Hard work starting to pay off for Tinkoff Saxo rider: You sense this is becoming an important ye... 
Mark Cavendish takes 3rd victory at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish took the hat trick the... 
Tom Boonen wants another crack at the classics on his terms: Tom Boonen would like another crack at the classi... 
Alex Dowsett cracks hour record at Manchester Velodrome: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) took on "the longest hour" Sa... 
Kruger, Dlamini joint first at May Day Classic: Kruger, Dlamini joint first at May Day Classic Kruger, Dlamini... 
PEZ Talk: The Veloroos!: Who are The Veloroos? Well they are the first Australian, all female team, to take pa... 
Kerby scores Drapac's first US podium: Jordan Kerby claimed Drapac Pro Cyclng's first podium of the team's cur... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 3: 

The men's and women's UCI races take on the race of truth in New Me... 
Elsy Jacobs Prologue Photo Gallery 2015: Anna van der Breggen retained the yellow jersey she won at last year’... 
Amgen Tour of California announces television schedule: 

A complete listing of the Tour of California's broad... 
Stephens and Zirbel win Tour of the Gila TT: Tom Zirbel and Lauren Stephens prove fastest on a calm day in New... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 4: The peloton suffers through a rainy day in stage 4 and a young Swiss ... 
Following the weekend’s live racing – the 2015 Gracia-Orlová, Tour of the Gila and Festival Elsy Jacobs: So it... 
Stefan Kung solos to Romandie win in rainy stage 4: BMC's Küng rides alone through cold and rainy conditions, ... 
Childhood ambition fires Dowsett’s hour record bid: England's Alex Dowsett claimed TT gold at the 2014 Commonw... 
Marcel Kittel abandons Tour de Yorkshire on stage 1: Marcel Kittel’s dismal season continues as the Giant-Alpe... 
Bilbao wins Turkey stage 6, Durasek snatches GC lead: Caja Rural's Pello Bilbao climbs to a stage win, while K... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 2: 

The second stage of the Tour of the Gila took the men's and women's... 
As the Vuelta turns 80, has it lost its mojo?: The Vuelta takes place in front of a dramatic backdrop at the e... 
Readers’ Rigs: Felt AR FRD: It's time for Readers' Rigs again, the column where everyday Pez fans send in phot... 
Gallery: Wiggins trains with new team before Tour de Yorkshire: Bradley Wiggins will debut for his new team WI... 
Double day for Optum in Tour of the Gila: The Optum p/b Kelly Benefit Strategies team scored dual victories in... 
Overlooked Aussie Jay McCarthy quietly contending for Turkey GC: Jay McCarthy (Tinkoff-Saxo) is proving himsel... 
Optum sweeps Tour of the Gila stage 2 with Young and Ewart: Eric Young sprints to victory, and Annie Ewart's l... 
Wiggins happy again after leaving Sky: Bradley Wiggins says he's optimistic about his upcoming hour record att... 
Amgen Tour of California announces women’s TT roster: World champion Lisa Brennauer will be the odds-on favori... 
Cookson: ‘People willing to invest in our sport again’: Although the CIRC report contains many unsettling reve... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 3: Albasini again proves fastest in Romandie as another hilly stage, mar... 
Pro’s Closet vintage pro bike video: Moninger’s 1991 Serotta: The Pro's Closet takes a look back at the bike t... 
Women’s Ronde van Overijssel 2015: The article Women’s Ronde van Overijssel 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Wiggle exec and former pro Derek Bouchard-Hall appointed CEO of USA Cycling: Derek Bouchard-Hall, former natio... 
Take two: Albasini wins second Romandie stage, wearing yellow: Race leader Michael Albasini sprints to a secon... 
Dowsett spotlights hour record ahead of Wiggins ride: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) will take on 'the longest hour' ... 
Rebellin extends lead, Modolo notches first win of year in Turkey: Lampre-Merida's Sacha Modolo sprinted to vi... 
PEZ Talk: BMC’s Joey Rosskopf: Joey Rosskopf has had a hard baptism of fire in the European Spring Classics an... 
EuroTrash Romandie Thursday!: Apr 30, 2015 - Geraint Thomas took the lead and lost it in the Tour de Romandie;... 
Giant-Alpecin confirm Giro d'Italia team: Giant-Alpecin have announced its nine-rider 2015 Giro d'Italia line ... 
Horner battles lung ailment at Tour of the Gila: Chris Horner's transition from the WorldTour to the Continent... 
Rafael Montiel wins Tour of the Gila opener: Rafael Montiel attacked from the break to drop riders and go on t... 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the ... 
Abbott delivers stage 1 Gila win riding for Amy D. Foundation: Representing the Amy D. Foundation on a composi... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Alex Dowsett’s Canyon hour record setup: 

Briton Alex Dowsett will have a crack at the long... 
Elsy Jacobs 2015: The article Elsy Jacobs 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Orica, Giant, Katusha, Cannondale confirmed for Tour of Alberta: Daryl Impey won the Tour of Alberta on the fi... 
Commentary: Road rage: Illustration by Dave Brinton.
Dan Wuori decides to start yelling at cyclists — but not ... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 2: Orica-GreenEdge gets its revenge as Albasini sprints to stage win and... 
Albasini sprints into yellow jersey in Romandie: Michael Albasini now holds the overall lead at Tour de Romand... 
Extra credit: Ben King broadens his horizons off the bike: After five years as an international pro, Ben King ... 
Video: GCN’s tips on braking better to ride faster: 

Global Cycling Network demonstrates some braking techniq... 
Chad Haga Journal: Heading home to celebrate: Shane and I aren’t confused for twins so often anymore. Photo: C... 
Lee’s Liège Lowdown: Valverde Dominance!: It's been a busy week for Alejandro Valverde, the Astana team and Le... 
Gracia Orlová 2015: The article Gracia Orlová 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Giro d’Italia 2015 Corsa: The PEZ First Look!: When the route of the 2015 Giro d'Italia was announced last Oct... 
Rebellin will not race the Giro d’Italia: Although Davide Rebellin showed off his impressive form with a win a... 
Eric Marcotte: The power of the U.S. pro criterium champion: Eric Marcotte (Team SmartStop) became the first m... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 1: 

Team Sky wins a nail-biter, dispatching Orica-GreenEdge by less tha... 
2 new videos from the 2015 Flèche Wallonne: I’ve got a collection of videos and photos from the 2015 Flèche Wa... 
Technical FAQ: Chainring and cog compatibility: Photo: Logan VonBokel | 
Lennard Zinn hel... 
Spotted: Merida road prototype: The new Merida frame, spotted in Liège, has a large, square downtube. Photo: S... 
Froome’s Team Sky edges Romandie time trial: Two-time defending Tour de Romandie champ Chris Froome and his Sk... 
Ted King will retire from pro cycling after 2015: American Ted King will wrap up his seven-year stint in the E... 
Rebellin wins stage 3 in Turkey, takes over GC lead: Davide Rebellin (CCC Sprandi-Polkowice) won stage 3 at th... 
Alaphilippe: I’ve found the races that suit me: After finishing a clearly disappointed runner-up in Liège-Bast... 
Giro d’Italia: Aru rides into the unknown: Fabio Aru enters the Giro d'Italia with a question mark on his back... 
In the News: MPCC president Legeay defends organization’s mission: The Movement Pour Cyclisme Crédible is lobb... 
Toolbox: Cardiovascular Fatigue: The heart is a muscle, and can be trained just like any other muscle in your ... 
Pactimo expands reflective line, refines aero cuts: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  For spring ... 
Cycling South Africa Freedom Day Classic, Stander and Butler take the victories: Cycling South Africa Freedom ... 
Greipel struggles to crack podium in Tour of Turkey: Andre Greipel (far right) finished eighth in Sunday's Tou... 
New sponsors keep North Star Grand Prix alive for 2015: The North Star Grand Prix closes out with a challengin... 
Leadville adds three-day stage race: 

The three-day stage race will cover the same course as the single-day e... 
Wiggins to race against Sky at upcoming Tour de Yorkshire: Bradley Wiggins ended his career in a Sky kit at Pa... 
Kittel to make racing return at Tour de Yorkshire: Marcel Kittel's only win this year came in January's People... 
Prochaine destination : le Festival Luxembourgeois « ELSY JACOBS »: Comme les années précédentes, Pauline et s... 
Shorts: Valverde takes over WorldTour lead: The victories in Liege-Bastogne-Liege and the Fleche Wallonne have... 
Sea Otter Gear ’15: Round 1: Here's Round 1 of our gear coverage from the 2015 Sea Otter Classic:  W Cup Nutri... 
Dwars door de Westhoek Photo Gallery 2015: The article Dwars door de Westhoek Photo Gallery 2015 appeared firs... 
EuroTrash Valverde Monday!: Apr 27, 2015 - After the week Alejandro Valverde has had, he has to be the Top Sto... 
Sutherland relishing life with Movistar: Rory Sutherland is standing alone dressed in a matador's costume and ... 
Tour of Turkey: Confidence boosting second place for Ewan behind Cavendish: Caleb Ewan (Orica-GreenEdge) admit... 
Gallery: Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Across the line first for the third time. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Cherise Stander takes the crown at Tour of Durban: Cherise Stander takes the crown at Tour of DurbanCherise St... 
Simon Yates rides through ups and downs at Liege, aims for Tour: Simon Yates, shown in stage 14 of the 2014 To... 
Mark Cavendish takes opener at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish wins the opener to the Pres... 
Liège’15: The Bullet Hits!: Race Report: Ed Hood told us last week, even before Flèche Wallonne, that Alejandr... 
Results: 2015 Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Results from the 101st Liège-Bastogne-Liège
The post Results: 2015 Liege-B... 
Alejandro Valverde takes Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Alejandro Valverde celebrates after winning the 101st Liege-Bas... 
Podcast 2015 Episode – Murder We: Hi team, this week we discuss the extreme weather in Australia, whether it’s... 
Gallery: On the start line of Liège-Bastogne-Liège: After a week’s build-up with Amstel Gold and Flèche Wallon... 
Gerrans recognises lack of form ahead of Liège-Bastogne-Liège: After an exceptionally difficult first part of ... 
Omloop van Borsele Photo Gallery 2015: The article Omloop van Borsele Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course: 

On-bike video from Cannondale-Garmin's Liege-Bastogne-Liege re... 
Martin hoping to recover from effects of Fleche Wallonne crash to contend in Liege: Dan Martin won the 2013 ed... 
Craddock set to soak in experience at Liege: Lawson Craddock suffered several broken bones in a crash in Janua... 
Gallery: Lotto-Soudal service course: 

Take a look inside the Lotto-Soudal team's Belgian service course, as ... 
Drapac commemorates Anzac Day, Gallipoli centenary on Tour of Turkey trip: Drapac Pro Cycling commemorates Gal... 
Gallery: Vincenzo Nibali's Specialized Tarmac for Liège-Bastogne-Liège: Vincenzo Nibali’s Specialized Tarmac h... 
Retro Liege: Sean Kelly Talks: His stats for Liege read like this: 1979, 20th: 1981, 11th: 1982, 10th: 1984, 1... 
Borsele Time Trial Photo Gallery 2015: The article Borsele Time Trial Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
InCycle Video: Vaughters on Velon and growth of pro cycling: Jonathan Vaughters, the CEO of the Cannondale-Gar... 
Exclusive gallery: Bradley Wiggins' new Pinarello race bike: With his Team Sky days firmly behind him, Bradley... 
Photo Essay: Women’s Fleche Wallonne: 

Anna van der Breggen's 2015 victory was another entry in the history b... 
Aru to pursue legal action over Henderson Tweets: Fabio Aru won stage 15 at the Giro d'Italia this year. Photo... 
Paolo Tiralongo takes final Trentino stage, Richie Porte wins overall: Paolo Tiralongo won the fourth stage of... 
Kristoff signs new contract with Katusha: Alexander Kristoff has a lot to celebrate after signing a new deal w... 
Shelley Olds returns to racing after rib injury: Shelley Olds is motivated for the 2015 season with her new te... 
Start List: Omloop van Borsele 2015: The article Start List: Omloop van Borsele 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Dwars door de Westhoek 2015: The article Dwars door de Westhoek 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Pez Rides L’Eroica California!: PEZ's Nate King has raced professionally around the world but he'd never ridde... 
inCycle video: The evolution of disc brakes in professional cycling: Earlier this month the UCI and the World ... 
DT Swiss debuts ultralight sub-1,500g OPM O.D.L. Race suspension fork: This article originally appeared on Bik... 
Organizers unveil 2015 Tour of Utah route: The 2015 Tour of Utah will roll through the rural Heber Valley. Pho... 
Report: Astana to keep its WorldTour license: It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco ... 
Video: Highlights from women’s Fleche Wallonne: Anna van der Breggen attacked on the Mur de Huy and left the r... 
Domenico Pozzovivo wins Trentino stage 3, Richie Porte retains overall lead: After falling behind on GC in Wed... 
Tour contenders have mixed results at Fleche: A late-race crash cost Chris Froome more than 10 minutes in La F... 
Team AXEON Gets Pez’d: Matt McNamara has been lucky enough to see the workings of Team Axeon at their recent C... 
La Flèche Wallonne Photo Gallery 2015: The article La Flèche Wallonne Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Cycling South Africa – Women’s Commission Introduces Invitational Teams for Autumn Series UCI Road Races: Cycl... 
EuroTrash Wallonne Thursday!: Apr 23, 2015 - Alejandro Valverde did it again on the Mur de Huy and we have the... 
Videos from the 2015 women’s Flèche Wallonne: Oh Flèche, how I wish I could watch you live on tv because this ... 
LIMITS: World's most universally compatible power meter?: This article first appeared on BikeRadar  The power ... 
Velo Magazine — May 2015: The May 2015 issue of Velo magazine is the Destinations issue and the Giro d'Italia ... 
8 ème place pour Pauline lors de la Flèche Wallonne 2015: Aujourd’hui, avait lieu la 18ème édition de la Flèch... 
Results: 2015 La Fleche Wallonne: Results from the midweek Ardennes classic, which finishes on the infamous Mu... 
Richie Porte wins Giro del Trentino stage 2, takes overall race lead: Richie Porte took a convincing stage win... 
Froome’s Fleche Wallonne another one-day outing to forget: Sporting ripped shorts and a few cuts, Team Sky's C... 
Anna van der Breggen wins women’s Fleche Wallonne: Anna van der Breggen delivers Rabo-Liv's seventh La Fleche ... 
Team Abantu to be showcased by Cycling Direct: Team Abantu to be showcased by Cycling DirectTeam Abantu to be ... 
Alejandro Valverde takes third Fleche Wallonne victory: Defending champion Valverde beats Alaphilippe and Alba... 
Wallonne’15: The New Kid And The Champ!: Race Report: It's like going back to school after the holidays to fin... 
In the News: Tiernan-Locke plans comeback to racing: Jonathan Tiernan-Locke was handed a two-year ban in 2014 ... 
Cookson: Armstrong risks angry welcome on Tour charity ride: Lance Armstrong is slated to ride the Tour de Fra... 
PEZ Preview: Liège ’15: This Sunday brings us the last Monument of this year's spring campaign: Liège-Bastogne... 
Norco teases new Revolver 7 and Revolver 9 full-suspension XC race bikes: This article originally appeared on ... 
Sea Otter tech: New fatties from Trek and Specialized, vintage MTBs, and more: 

Trek and Specialized roll out... 
PCC, WADA partner to create $6 million anti-doping research funds: Partnership for Clean Competition and the W... 
Flèche Wallonne édition 2015 … c’est parti !:  Aujourd’hui avait lieu la traditionnelle présentation des équip... 
Video: LottoNL ready for Fleche’s Mur de Huy: 

The riders of LottoNL-Jumbo talk about the challenge presented... 
The Protagonists of the Giro d’Italia: Photo: BrakeThrough Media | 
With the Giro's start... 
How to follow the 2015 women’s Flèche Wallonne, live–ish: Round 4 of the 2015 Road World Cup, and we’re back i... 
Q&amp;A: Evelyn Stevens ready for La Fleche Wallonne: Evelyn Stevens won the 2012 women's Flèche Wallonne. She's a... 
Bora-Argon 18 wins Trentino stage 1 TTT: Bora-Argon 18 was the surprise winner of Giro del Trentino's stage 1 ... 
The perfect Boulder tour with VeloNews and Cognoscenti: Riding in the Rockies. Photo: Kevin Batchelor
We’ve pu... 
Gallery: Sea Otter Classic men’s short track XC: 

Swiss powerhouse Nino Schurter wins the Sea Otter short tra... 
Fleche Wallonne: New climb adds twist to Mur finale: The peloton will climb the Mur de Huy three times in Wedn... 
Omloop van Borsele 2015: The article Omloop van Borsele 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Lee’s Lowdown: Amstel Angst!: Sunday's Amstel Gold Race: good race or bad race, it had a deeper meaning for Le... 
Toolbox: The Power of External Motivation: Often at the end of a Grand Tour, we see a GC contender or leader y... 
Johansson to lead Orica-AIS at La Flèche Wallonne Féminine: Emma Johansson will lead Orica-AIS at the fourth w... 
Peloton thinks of Criquielion ahead of Fleche Wallonne: As always, the race is anticipated to come down to the... 
Video: Pro peloton goes off-roading at Tro-Bro Leon: The peloton hits the dirt at Tro-Bo Leon.
It may not have... 
Photo Essay: Amstel Gold Race: 

The Netherlands' Limburg province is alive with spirited fans, racing action,... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Bikes of the year: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
The Trek Emonda is our Edi... 
Astana license decision expected in days: Vincenzo Nibali's defense of his 2014 Tour de France win could end b... 
Wilco Kelderman’s Amstel Gold Race power data: Wilco Kelderman (LottoNL-Jumbo) made it into a promising late-r... 
Video: How to change Shimano lever hoods: Global Cycling Network explains how to replace the rubber hoods on S... 
Start List: La Flèche Wallonne Femmes 2015: The article Start List: La Flèche Wallonne Femmes 2015 appeared fi... 
Blindingly Bright :  Proviz Reflect 360 Jacket &amp; Nightrider Pack: The Proviz Reflect 360 jacket uses a fabric ... 
Gallery: USA Cycling USPRO team time trial championships: 

Casey B. Gibson documents the racing during Sunday... 
Matthee takes honours in Polokwane Mayoral race: Matthee takes honours in Polokwane Mayoral raceMatthee takes ... 
Sea Otter Tech: Mountain bike gear: 

Check out some of the latest offerings in the mountain bike world, from ... 
With second at Amstel Gold, Valverde confident for remaining Ardennes races: Alejandro Valverde rode to second... 
Team Europcar's Ryan Gibbons wins the Mayoral Cycle race, Polokwane: Team Europcar's Ryan Gibbons wins the May... 
La Flèche Wallonne Femmes 2015: The article La Flèche Wallonne Femmes 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Ronde van Gelderland Photo Gallery 2015: The article Ronde van Gelderland Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on... 
Hard fought success at Clarens for Sahm and Kleinhans: Hard fought success at Clarens for Sahm and KleinhansHa... 
Kwiatkowski wins in the stripes at Amstel Gold: Kwiatkowski wins in the stripes at Amstel GoldKwiatkowski wins... 
EuroTrash Michal Monday!: Apr 20, 2015 - Michal Kwiatkowski! Top ride from the World champion. Race report fro... 
Wild makes it a triple at Ronde van Gelderland: Wild makes it a triple at Ronde van GelderlandWild makes it a ... 
Jacques-Maynes looking ahead to tenth and final Tour of California appearance: Ben Jacques-Maynes is pedaling ... 
Coupe de France VTT… Pauline décroche le « ponpon » !: Pauline était au départ, ce dimanche, de la deuxième ma... 
Sea Otter tech, day three: Open gravel bike, Birzman, and more: 

Open Cycles releases a versatile new drop-ba... 
Gallery: Amstel Gold Race: 

As expected, Amstel Gold's hilly parcours through the Netherlands delivered a stu... 
Sarah interviews…. Sharon Laws: Sharon Laws is a fascinating rider, one of those who gave up a good career to ... 
Hincapie Racing Team, Optum-Kelly Benefits Strategies win USA TTT nationals: Hincapie Racing notches victory i... 
Schurter, Pendrel win Sea Otter Classic cross-country: Nino Schurter (Scott-ODLO) outsprints Howard Grotts (Sp... 
Amstel’15: Drinks On World Champ!: Race Report: Limburg; the sun beaming down, the tree blossom gleaming white... 
Results: Amstel Gold Race: The rainbow curse is broken. Kwiatkowski out-sprints a select group after blasting ... 
Kwiatkowski sprints to first victory in rainbow jersey in Amstel Gold Race: The reigning world champion takes ... 
Matthews ready for action on the Cauberg: With last year’s third-place finisher Simon Gerrans not in full form... 
Sea Otter Tech: Tifosi, Pactimo, Mash and more: 

Logan VonBokel grabs some pix of goodies from Tifosi, Pactim... 
Eric Marcotte adds U.S. pro crit championship to his road title: Eric Marcotte bides his time, then rockets aw... 
Kendall Ryan dodges crash to win U.S. women’s pro crit championship: Kendall Ryan collects the U.S. women's na... 
Retro Amstel Gold: Gianetti Remembers: The Amstel Gold Race signals the start of the Ardennes Classics, and th... 
Kristin Armstrong off U.S. Pan Am roster as USAC revises team selection: Tayler Wiles will take Armstrong's pl... 
PEZ Rides The Amstel Gold CycloSportif: This Saturday in Valkenburg Holland runs maybe the largest cyclo-sport... 
Gerrans not 100 per cent for Ardennes Classics: Simon Gerrans (Orica-GreenEdge) admits that he will not be on ... 
In the News: Taxi driver guilty in Burry Stander case: Olympic mountain biker Burry Stander died in 2013 after... 
Gallery: Sea Otter day one: Raleigh, 3T, Yeti, and more: 

Logan VonBokel finds a prototype gravel bike from R... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling women in Europe: 

Many of the top American pro women test their early season form at... 
Casino in the Limburg: Amstel Gold Race: The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Gold ... 
Sea Otter Tech Day 1: Helmets, sunglasses, and more: 

Logan VonBokel checks out some of the new offerings on ... 
A Case for Suffering: The Heroic: Eroica California is a celebration of the golden age of cycling, an event in... 
Start List: Ronde van Gelderland 2015: The article Start List: Ronde van Gelderland 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Meet Hotel Lungomare: Bike Hotel in Cesenatico: As part of my self-appointed mission to discover and share wit... 
inCycle video: Trek Factory Racing bike fitting with Mollema and Arredondo: Trek Factory Racing works with som... 
UnitedHealthcare heads to crit nationals with two defending champs: John Murphy won the 2014 U.S. criterium na... 
Videos and more from the 2015 Lourdes Downhill MTB World Cup: Oh my goodness, MTB is BACK!  You know how much ... 
Video: GCN’s tips to perfect your climbing: Global Cycling Network's tips to improve your climbing.
Looking to... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Custom road: 

If you need (or want) something special, these two custom bike builders mig... 
Gerrans to race Giro d’Italia after injury-filled start to 2015: Simon Gerrans hopes to get his season back on... 
Toolbox: Cycling and Fatigue: Cycling, while generally pleasurable, is ultimately all about pain and suffering... 
Two men race to beat 76-year-old mileage record: In 1939, Tommy Godwin set the world record for highest annual... 
Gallery: Sea Otter tech: 

New offerings from Rotor, Scott, DT Swiss, Shimano, and Garmin are highlighted in M... 
EuroTrash Amstel Thursday!: Apr 16, 2015 - The cobbles are gone and the hills are on the horizon. We preview A... 
SRAM brings 1x to the road with new Force 1 and Rival 1 groupsets: This article originally appeared on BikeRad... 
Video: Michelle Khare races against Ferrari through L.A. traffic: BMW-The Happy Tooth's Michelle Khare goes he... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s mountain bikes: 

Three great bikes for ladies who want to hit the trails
The post... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo primed for ‘home’ race at Amstel Gold: The Amstel Gold Race is special for the Dutch Lott... 
Carl Decker Journal: Sea Otter: It’s not about us: The diverse array of cycling enthusiasts who flock to the S... 
changement de machine pour ce week-end…: #NikeWomen  #justdoit Après avoir passé une excellente journée, la se... 
Legally Speaking: The door zone: Bob Mionske recommends that, whenever possible, avoid riding in the 'door zon... 
Results: 2015 Brabantse Pijl: BMC Racing does it again at the hilly midweek semi-classic, but this time it is ... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling’s U-23 &amp; junior men in Europe: 

Young Americans take on some of Europe's hardest rac... 
Technical FAQ: A drivetrain hack, tire pressure, and road discs: And with the longer rear derailleur cage, it ... 
Wiggins schedules hour record attempt for June 7: Bradley Wiggins won the time trial two weeks ago at Three Da... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 9 – Technically Germany: Hey team, it’s only fair that we warn you straight up this week ... 
PEZ Preview: Amstel Gold: The cobbles are behind us and now we move onto the hilly Classics and first up is th... 
Edmondson relishes in under-23 Tour of Flanders victory: As Alex Edmondson prepared to watch Paris-Roubaix on ... 
26 minute video from the 2015 women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen: I know you can’t get enough of the Tour of Flander... 
Kristin Armstrong returns to U.S. team for Pan Am TT: Armstrong rode to her second career Olympic gold in Lond... 
Video: Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia: The Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia in the Italian Dolomites.
Co... 
Photo Essay: Dramatic sights from Paris-Roubaix: 

BrakeThrough Media showcases the dramatic scenes at Paris-R... 
UCI to lift ban on disc brakes in August: Disc brakes are coming to the road in a big way. Photo: Eric Wynn | ... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Roubaix Ruminations: There can only be one subject for today's Lowdown: The Hell that is Paris-... 
Time Freight e rider takes on European Competition: Time Freight e rider takes on European CompetitionTime Fre... 
Roubaix Roadside: Riders and Cobbles!: Our man Mark was introduced to the cobbles of Flanders last week by Vel... 
Porte remains top of WorldTour standings: After the first ten WorldTour races of 2015, Richie Porte remains on... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Workhorse mountain bikes: 

Don't break the bank to hit the trails this year. We've got th... 
Gallery: Technical preparation for Paris-Roubaix: 

Teams break out the best equipment for the most demanding ... 
Cycling world sounds off on Roubaix train controversy: Sunday's Paris-Roubaix was interrupted by a high-speed ... 
Schurter dominates, Batty sprints to claim wins at Bonelli US Cup: Emily Batty (Trek Factory Racing) outsprint... 
Video: GCN asks the pros, ‘Who’s the best classics rider of all-time?’: Global Cycling Network asks current pr... 
Late problems deflate Roubaix hopes for Sagan, Vanmarcke: Peter Sagan suffered some bad luck late in Sunday's ... 
Degenkolb, Kristoff lead peloton’s changing of the guard: John Degenkolb (right) and Alexander Kristoff finish... 
Rudy Project Wing57 Helmet Review: Billed as the world's fastest and most aerodynamic Aero-Tri helmet the Rudy... 
Degenkolb continues his Monument winning ways of 2015: Degenkolb continues his Monument winning ways of 2015De... 
EuroTrash Degenkolb Monday!: Apr 13, 2015 - John Degenkolb rode a perfect Roubaix; he saved his energies for t... 
Ragot and Gwin first UCI Mountain Bike World Cup DH winners of 2015: Ragot and Gwin first UCI Mountain Bike Wo... 
Mara Abbott, Phil Gaimon win overall at Redlands Bicycle Classic: Coryn Rivera and Sebastian Haedo win the fin... 
Tech gallery: Weird and wonderful gear at Paris-Roubaix: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Althou... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix: 

On a fast, dusty, warm day in northern France, a group of seven emerges from th... 
Energiewacht Tour Stage 4 – Photo Gallery 2015:  
The article Energiewacht Tour Stage 4 – Photo Gallery 2015 a... 
Pro Bike: Greg Van Avermaet’s podium BMC Granfondo RBX: 

Greg Van Avermaet rode BMC's Granfondo RBX to third ... 
Degenkolb wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-rider sprint: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) earned his second monument wi... 
Roubaix’15: Dynamite Degenkolb!: Race Report: There is never a surprise winner in Roubaix and today's 'Hell of... 
Bora-Argon 18 with special edition Gallium's for Paris-Roubaix: German Pro-Continental team Bora-Argon 18 will... 
Brendan Rhim takes Redlands Crit as race leader Phil Gaimon crashes: Brendan Rhim wins out of a break as a cra... 
Gallery: Mechanics prepare for Paris-Roubaix: 

Mechanics keep the pro peloton moving, and the preparation for... 
Coryn Rivera wins stage-4 criterium at Redlands Bicycle Classic: Coryn Rivera takes the flowers as UnitedHealt... 
Energiewacht Tour Stage 3 – Photo Gallery 2015: The article Energiewacht Tour Stage 3 – Photo Gallery 2015 app... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta a Pais Vasco, stage 6: Results from the sixth and final stage of the 2015 Vuelta a Pais V... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Kristoff stays aero for Roubaix: 

Alexander Kristoff is sticking with his aero bike for the... 
Paris-Roubaix: By the numbers: 

 Any race is a tale of the tape. Here is Paris-Roubaix, by the numbers
The po... 
RBX Roadside: Pez Rides Roubaix!: Top Ride: The culmination of my visit to Holy Week was the long anticipated,... 
Grande cuvée pour une grande championne !: Nous connaissions la cuvée spéciale « Pauline Ferrand-Prévôt », sor... 
SA Track Championships 2015: SA Track Championships 2015Cycling Direct was at the SA Track Championships 2015 ... 
InCycle video: Behind the scenes at the 2015 Tour of Flanders with Lotto-Soudal: The Tour of Flanders is the b... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix course recon: 

Tension mounts as riders, teams, and mechanics prepare all the fin... 
Gaimon and Abbott snatch Redlands lead on stage 3: Phil Gaimon and Mara Abbott catapulted to the front of thei... 
Energiewacht Tour – Stages 2a &amp; 2b – Photo Gallery: Energiewacht Tour Stage 2a Energiewacht Tour Stage 2b  
Th... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin Roubaix recon with telemetry: Ride along with Cannondale-Garmin as the team previews ... 
How to watch the 2015 Lourdes Downhill MTB World Cup LIVE!: 
Oh MTB!  I won’t be able to watch the first DH Wo... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5: 

Henao and Rodriguez again go head-to-head on the climbs, but re... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5: The peloton faces brutally steep climbs in the penultimate day of... 
The PEZ Belgian Road Trip!: As part of his continued Spring Classics trip with Velo Classic Tours our man Mark... 
Kristoff downplays chances of winning on the Paris-Roubaix pave: Alexander Kristoff and his teammates previewe... 
Gallery: Looking back on Wiggins’ diverse road career: 

Bradley Wiggins is closing out his professional road ... 
Castelli Free Aero Race Bibs Review: Castelli's new Free Aero Race Bibshort has been redesigned from the botto... 
Strava and Competitive Cyclist will pay you to ride your bike: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  ... 
Shaw and Zirbel win Redlands Big Bear TT: Ryan Roth (Silber) took over the GC lead on Thursday in the Redlands... 
Video: Roubaix Recon with BMC’s Daniel Oss: POV footage of Daniel Oss and Team BMC's Paris-Roubaix recon ride.... 
Energiewacht Tour – Stage 1 – Photo Gallery 2015: The article Energiewacht Tour – Stage 1 – Photo Gallery 2015... 
Lars Boom aims to go supersonic at Roubaix: Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de France last summe... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 4: 

More action in Spain's Basque mountains, as a small group of GC... 
Matt Brammeier wins his weight in beer at Ronde: Matt Brammeier got into the break at Ronde van Vlaanderen for... 
Two in a row for Rodriguez at Pais Vasco: Joaquim Rodriguez doubles up, winning his second day in a row at Vue... 
Ask a Mechanic: Mixing brake levers and calipers: 

Art's Cyclery explains the compatibility of new and old Sh... 
Gorges Roubaix: Hell of the Northwest: Gorge Roubaix returned for its third running at the end of March, 2015,... 
Energiewacht Tour Prologue Photo Gallery 2015: The article Energiewacht Tour Prologue Photo Gallery 2015 appea... 
EuroTrash Katusha Thursday!: Apr 09, 2015 - Katusha are having a great period of success at the moment; Kristo... 
Jackson and Haedo win stage 1 of Redlands Bicycle Classic: Sebastian Haedo (Jamis-Hagens Berman) won the first... 
Horner happy with Redlands return: After a few early season setbacks for his team, Chris Horner made his debut... 
Erica Greif killed in car crash on way to Redlands Bicycle Classic: Promising young rider dead on Tuesday afte... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3: 

An explosive finale in Vuelta al Pais Vasco leads to an excitin... 
Kittel’s ‘slow’ recovery and road to Tour: Marcel Kittel (Giant-Alpecin) has had a tough run in the first few ... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3: The general classification picture begins to come into focus as R... 
Tanner Putt rides breakaway into first Paris-Roubaix start: Tanner Putt jumped into the breakaway at Scheldepr... 
PEZ Roadside: Flemish Fun!: After the craziness of chasing De Ronde, Mark McGhee goes for a ride to find a dif... 
Van den Broeck confirmed for Giro d'Italia: For the first since 2008 when he recorded his first top-ten finish... 
Roubaix’15: The PEZ Preview: The 'Hell of the North' hits the cobbles of Northern France on Sunday, our L'enfe... 
How to watch the Energeiwacht Tour LIVE!!: 
This is a very, very special week for women’s cycling – the first ... 
Bigla withdraws from Energiewacht Tour: The Bigla Pro Cycling Team has announced on the morning of the Energie... 
Video: Tiffany Cromwell video diary - part four: Tiffany Cromwell and her Velocio-SRAM teammates lined up at t... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Road jackets: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Stay warm and dry on the road w... 
Reviewed: WattBike Pro: The WattBike comes at a steep price, but it offers a wealth of data measurements to th... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road gear: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
All of the best gear femal... 
Riders angry after high-speed Basque Country crash: As the full list of riders injured in the crash at the Tou... 
Degenkolb confirmed to lead Giant-Alpecin at Paris-Roubaix: John Degenkolb has been confirmed as the Giant-Alp... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2: 

Stage 2 offered six categorized climbs and a surprise winner fr... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen / GP Dottignies Wrap Up: There was to be no rest for the women’s peloton this Easter with... 
Video: Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies gears up for TTT: The Optum women's team is confident its team chemistry... 
Felline is fabulous in Pais Vasco stage 2 sprint: Fabio Felline freelances his way to a stage win in Spain, as... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo looks ahead to Roubaix: What makes the cobblestones of Roubaix so special? Bell helmets t... 
Start List: Energiewacht Tour 2015: The article Start List: Energiewacht Tour 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Kristoff headlines Scheldeprijs without Cavendish, Kittel: Alexander Kristoff enters Wednesday's Scheldeprijs ... 
Energiewacht Tour 2015: The article Energiewacht Tour 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Lee’s Lowdown: Classic Chaos!: This week Lee's has been getting excited by the action on the Belgian cobbles i... 
From zero to hero - what drove Songo Fipiza to do the Ironman?: From zero to hero - what drove Songo Fipiza to... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 8 – Cobbles (and the cobbly cobblers who cobble them): Hi team, it’s been a big week of c... 
Toolbox: Remodelling Muscle to Burn Fat: Fasted and ‘controlled carbohydrate’ training is getting increasing a... 
Orica-GreenEdge continuing winning streak at Tour of the Basque Country: Michael Matthews made it two wins in ... 
Analysis: The Winners and Losers of the 99th Ronde van Vlaanderen: Without question, Niki Terpstra (Etixx-Quic... 
GP Dottignies Photo Gallery 2015: The article GP Dottignies Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
VeloNews partners with Cognoscenti for USA Pro Challenge tour: Cognoscenti will show riders the best roads in ... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1: 

Michael Matthews ends the day in the yellow jersey after sprint... 
Etixx-Quick-Step with little to celebrate in cobbled classics: The pressure has been on Etixx-Quick-Step's Zde... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1: Aussie Michael Matthews sprints his way into the first leader's j... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Workhorse/race road: 

These bikes are made to be ridden hard and put away wet, whether yo... 
Tour des Flandres… de très bonnes sensations: Un parcours difficile avec 10 monts à franchir, 5 secteurs pavés... 
Roadside Flanders!: Sunday's Tour of Flanders was a great race but the best way to really experience the Class... 
Haimy and Degn master tricky conditions: Haimy and Degn master tricky conditionsHaimy and Degn master tricky c... 
Videos from the 2015 women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen: Round 3 of the 2015 women’s Road World Cup is one of the mo... 
EuroTrash Kristoff Monday!: Apr 06, 2015 - A Flanders filled EuroTrash Monday and the star has to be Kristoff.... 
Sagan falls short again in Tour of Flanders finale: Another week, another Classic and another Peter Sagan conu... 
Gallery: 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen: 

Canny Alexander Kristoff rides to the front with Niki Terpstra and deliv... 
Elisa Longo Borghini finds redemption in Flanders win: Elisa Longo Borghini smiled as she phoned her family to... 
Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen Photo Gallery 2015:    
The article Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen Photo Gallery 20... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen - A one-two for Wiggle Honda: Ronde van Vlaanderen - A one-two for Wiggle HondaRonde van ... 
Neutral service cars take out two riders at Tour of Flanders: Shimano neutral service after an incident-filled... 
Pro Bike Gallery: John Degenkolb’s Giant TCR Advanced SL: Degenkolb's father, Frank, surprised his son with th... 
Flanders’15: Krusher Kristoff!: Race Report: Norway’s Alex Kristoff took his second Monument, to go with his 2... 
Kristoff out foxes Terpstra to win the Ronde: Kristoff out foxes Terpstra to win the RondeKristoff out foxes T... 
Alexander Kristoff takes the flowers in a sunny Tour of Flanders: Alexander Kristoff wins the 2015 Tour of Fla... 
Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders: Results from the 2015 Tour of Flanders
The post Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders... 
Elisa Longo Borghini wins women’s Tour of Flanders: Elisa Longo Borghini celebrates after winning the 12th wom... 
WIN: Bellwether Optime Kit!: WIN Bellwether's best kit - just in time to make your Spring faster than ever. Th... 
Bennett to lead LottoNL-Jumbo at Tour of the Basque Country: LottoNL-Jumbo will line up at the Vuelta Ciclista... 
Stefan Kung solos to victory in Volta Limburg Classic: Stefan Küng said he was thinking about his runner-up fi... 
Angel Vicioso wins 3rd GP Miguel Indurain: Katusha's Angel Vicioso won a third GP Miguel Indurain on Saturday.... 
Nairo Quintana tops list of favorites for Vuelta a Pais Vasco: Nairo Quintana had a solid spring season in 201... 
Bradley Wiggins hopes Geraint Thomas works magic at Flanders: Bradley Wiggins is prouder than ever to sport th... 
Pro Bike: Alexander Kristoff’s Canyon Aeroad CF SLX: 

The sleek aero road bike that Alexander Kristoff (Katus... 
How to follow the 2015 women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen: Round 3 of the 2015 Road World Cup is one of the most ico... 
PEZ Rides The Flanders Sportif!: The Tour of Flanders is a legendary event. The steep nasty bergs, the cobbles... 
Velocio-SRAM ready for Tour of Flanders: Velocio-SRAM will line up at the Women's Tour of Flanders on Easter S... 
‘Super G’ Thomas leads Sky into Ronde full of confidence: Geraint Thomas rode to victory in E3 Harelbeke on Ma... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Mountain bike hardtails: 

Kick it old school with these three modern versions of the trus... 
Flanders preview: Generational shift in wide-open Ronde: Without its two perennial favorites, Sunday's Tour of... 
‘Sphinx’ Sagan under pressure to deliver big win at Flanders: Peter Sagan hopes to be in the winning move at F... 
Nibali: ‘Astana is a symbol of clean and honest sport’: Vincenzo Nibali wrote to the UCI, asking the governing... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 7 – Binda Wevelgem: This week we’re talking Trofeo Binda, Gent-Wevelgem, Para-cycling and... 
Steven de Jongh promoted after Tinkoff sacks Riis: Steven de Jongh will manage the group of sport directors at... 
Start List: GP Dottignies 2015: The article Start List: GP Dottignies 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Readers’ Rigs: Fuso: It's time for another Readers' Rigs now, the column where everyday readers send in photos... 
More Binda videos – so great!: Two videos today – first you HAVE to watch Valentina Scandolara‘s training from... 
Tinkoff-Saxo confident in Sagan for Flanders: Tinkoff-Saxo are heading into Sunday's Tour of Flanders all-in b... 
Sky to ride Pinarello with suspension for cobblestones: The rear shock is said to offer 10mm of compliance for... 
Astana meets UCI License Commission in effort to keep WorldTour spot: The fate of Astana's WorldTour license i... 
Grand Prix Dottignies 2015: The article Grand Prix Dottignies 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
2015 Criterium du Dauphine route announced: Andrew Talansky (Cannondale-Garmin) rode to overall victory in the... 
Results: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3b: Wiggins takes home first TT win wearing rainbow jersey a... 
Video: GCN’s 10 riders to watch in Flanders: Global Cycling Network names the 10 riders to watch at Ronde van ... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3a: Results from stage 3a at the Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde in ... 
Route for 2015 Criterium du Dauphine unveiled: Route for 2015 Criterium du Dauphine unveiledRoute for 2015 Cri... 
Astana betting on Boom to deliver big bang in the classics: Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de F... 
Flanders: PEZ Rides the Best Bergs: Fancy yourself a hard man in the truest sense - the 'Belgian' sense?  Then... 
Team announcement for MTB African Champs (RWA): Team announcement for MTB African Champs (RWA)Cycling South Af... 
EuroTrash Flanders Thursday!: Apr 02, 2015 - The pre-Flanders excitement is building as Kristoff dominates the... 
SRAM Guide Ultimate - first look:  This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  SRAM has just released detai... 
Video: How to improve your efficiency: GCN has four tips to improve your efficiency while on the bike.
Global ... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen to feature onboard camera footage: Onboard cameras provided a new dimension to the finish... 
Gallery: Boonen, Etixx-Quick-Step preview Flanders course: 

Tom Boonen joins his Etixx teammates to train on ... 
Start List: Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen 2015: The article Start List: Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen 2015 appea... 
CIRC report to become major motion picture: Dreamworks has already begun work on an as-of-yet unnamed account ... 
Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen 2015: The article Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Women’s Cycling: The path to parity: The Tour de France held its first ever La Course last summer. Photo: Tim ... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Wonderful Wevelgem!: Last Sunday Gent-Wevelgem was a sufferfest of the highest order; wind, rai... 
PennyPinchers Junior Tour. Main, Le Roux and Oosthuizen dominate: PennyPinchers Junior Tour. Main, Le Roux and... 
Q &amp; A: Jayco-AIS-World Tour Academy sport director James Victor: Many of Australia’s top road racers are enter... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Peyresourde (Luchon): The Col Collective climbs the Col de Peyresourde from t... 
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1: 

Kristoff rules the first day in De Panne, riding his wa... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1: Katusha's Alexander Kristoff takes the first day of racing in ... 
Contador to confront Giro-Tour double without Riis as Tinkov blasts Dane: Alberto Contador and Bjarne Riis' fo... 
USA Pro Challenge announces Elite Women's race with equal prize money: USA Pro Challenge announces Elite Women... 
Technical FAQ: Shifting problems and cog spacing: Good shifting is only as good as how a drivetrain is set up,... 
USA Pro Challenge announces women’s race for 2015: The USA Pro Challenge returns to Colorado this summer with ... 
PEZ Preview: De Ronde ’15: The early season Belgian cobbled Classics have been building up to this Sunday and ... 
Toolbox: Paolini’s Sport Psych Clinic: We have spent a lot of bandwidth over the past 13 years honing your phy... 
Beukes and Strauss claim XCO spoils in round 2, Gauteng: Beukes and Strauss claim XCO spoils in round 2, Gaute... 
Gallery: Gent-Wevelgem mayhem: The 77th edition of Gent-Wevelgem was one of the wildest in recent years with w... 
Videos and more from the 2015 Para-cycling Track World Championships: We were so lucky this year, we had the e... 
UnitedHealthcare enjoys success at home and abroad: The UnitedHealthcare women's criterium squad delivered a d... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Lust: 

Looking for the most striking bike on the road? You'll lust after these four bikes... 
Video: What’s faster? Hardtail? Full-suspension?: Global Mountain Bike Network compares three different bikes ... 
Wind like never before in Belgium’s Gent-Wevelgem classic: Sunday's Gent-Wevelgem saw scenes of incredible car... 
Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda: The post Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda appeared first on ... 
Geraint Thomas takes the reins ahead of Flanders, Roubaix: Geraint Thomas hopes to master the cobbles the next... 
Reprise de la saison routière et déjà un podium…: Pauline effectuait hier sa rentrée sur le circuit mondial ro... 
Inside The Taipei Bike Show: High tech carbon beauties, old fashioned steel master pieces plus all the latest,... 
Gent Wevelgem Photo Gallery 2015: The article Gent Wevelgem Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Gent Wevelgem – In Flanders Fields, Paolini mugs the break to win.: Gent Wevelgem – In Flanders Fields, Paolin... 
Volta Catalunya – Valverde attacks to the end but Porte takes the overall victory: Volta Catalunya – Valverde ... 
EuroTrash Paolini Monday!: Mar 30, 2015 - The racing has been great the last few days... for some, others, may... 
Lizzie Armitstead wins Trofeo Binda to move into World Cup lead: As part of the Ella-CyclingTips/Velofocus rac... 
Lizzie takes Italy and the World Cup Lead: Lizzie takes Italy and the World Cup LeadLizzie takes Italy and the... 
Fractured clavicule for Boasson Hagen: MTN-Qhubeka's spring classics campaign has taken a hit with confirmatio... 
Gallery: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: 

Paolini's brilliant attack in the final kilometers of rainy racing wins the day... 
Floortje Mackaij wins a wet and windy Gent-Wevelgem: Floortje Mackaij escaped in the final three kilometres to... 
Videos from the 2015 Trofeo Binda, Trofeo da Moreno and Gent-Wevelgem: So much racing this weekend!  I’m putti... 
Coppi e Bartali - Louis Meintjes wins solo and takes overall: Coppi e Bartali - Louis Meintjes wins solo and t... 
Tinkoff-Saxo, Bjarne Riis part ways: The party's over: Oleg Tinkov (left) and Bjarne Riis have parted ways. Ph... 
Wevelgem’15: Paolini’s Perfect Performance!: Race report: All but dead in the water on the final haul up the K... 
Luca Paolini overpowers his rivals and the weather to win Gent-Wevelgem: Luca Paolini kicked with 6km to go an... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 7: Results from the final stage of the 2015 Volta a Catalunya
The post ... 
Richie Porte seals victory as Alejandro Valverde takes Catalunya finale: Richie Porte rode to victory on Sunda... 
Cannondale-Garmin picking up pieces after Langeveld exit: Dylan Van Baarle racing to the podium at E3 Harelbek... 
inCycle video: Degenkolb poised to defend Gent-Wevelgem title: After his recent win at Milan-San Remo, John De... 
Sky’s classics campaign, already rolling, picks up speed with Bradley Wiggins: Bradley Wiggins was part of a s... 
Trek, Fabian Cancellara see their plans broken on the cobbles of E3 Harelbeke: Fabian Cancellara's crash knock... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 2: Results from stage 2 of the 2015 Criterium International
The p... 
Fabio Felline wins ITT at Criterium International; Ben King holds lead: Ben King remained in yellow after stag... 
Sergei Chernetski wins stage 6 at Volta a Catalunya: Sergei Chernetski won stage 6 at the Volta a Catalunya on... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 1a: Results from the first stage of the 2015 Criterium Internatio... 
Start List: Trofeo Binda World Cup 2015: The article Start List: Trofeo Binda World Cup 2015 appeared first on... 
Daniel Patten – Team WIGGINS: Pro Interview: One of the big changes coming soon in the season will be that of ... 
Gerrans hopes to return for La Rioja, Basque Country: Simon Gerrans doesn’t even attempt to hide his disappoin... 
The Sagan star flickering: Aside from one victory at Tirreno-Adriatico, Tinkoff-Saxo's Peter Sagan has yet to ... 
Gallery: 2015 E3 Harelbeke: 

A wild and dangerous day in Flanders saw favorites Cancellara and Van Avermaet c... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 5: Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) attacked his way to win number two at ... 
E3 Harelbeke a triumph for Thomas, a nightmare for Cancellara: E3 Harelbeke a triumph for Thomas, a nightmare ... 
Thomas emerges victorious from crash-marred E3 Harelbeke: Geraint Thomas jumps Stybar and Sagan in the final f... 
Valverde wins again in Catalunya: Alejandro Valverde takes his second stage win in Volta a Catalunya, moving u... 
Racing without Boonen: Etixx-Quick-Step refits classics tactics without star: Zdenek Stybar is on great form c... 
Inside the mind of a champion: A chat with Georgia Gould: Georgia Gould, warming up before the 2012 Olympic cr... 
Start List: Women’s Gent Wevelgem 2015: The article Start List: Women’s Gent Wevelgem 2015 appeared first on V... 
The Action Of Gent Wevelgem: With the Gent Wevelgem running on Sunday, today is a good day to look back at the... 
Praxis Cycles' new wide-range 10-speed cassette - full details released: This article originally appeared on B... 
Vuelta a Catalunya shorts: Contador fades in final attack: Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) moved himself to wi... 
Stress Test: Specialized S-Works Road shoes: Tech reporter Logan VonBokel evaluates over a year's worth of rid... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 4: 

With lots of climbing on the menu, the Catalunya GC gets shaken up... 
Problems still brewing in team Tinkoff-Saxo: Bjarne Riis (left) and team owner Oleg Tinkov (right) seem to be ... 
Women's news shorts: D'Hoore rides Gent-Wevelgem, Johansson out with broken collarbone: Wiggle-Honda’s D’Hoore... 
Van Garderen bounces back with stage 4 win in Catalunya: One day after a harrowing crash in Volta a Catalunya,... 
Abu Dhabi Tour announces four-stage race route: 

The inaugural Abu Dhabi Tour will feature four stages, one o... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Bib shorts: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Take a seat with four comfortable... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 6 – Potential!: Hello everyone! This week Sarah and Dan tackle the most intense deconstru... 
PEZ Talk: Novo Nordisk’s Thomas Raeymaekers: Thomas Raeymaekers was on his way to a promising career, in the b... 
Ask a Mechanic: Straight pull vs. J-bend spokes: 

Art’s Cyclery breaks down the differences between these two... 
Trofeo Binda World Cup 2015: The article Trofeo Binda World Cup 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
C’est reparti pour notre championne du monde…: Avant de retrouver la compétition sur route, Pauline est actuel... 
EuroTrash Catalunya Thursday!: Mar 26, 2015 - The Volta a Catalunya takes center stage this morning, but we al... 
Local boys took the top steps of the podium at the 70th Dwars door Vlaanderen: Local boys took the top steps o... 
News shorts: Boonen on the (slow) road to recovery: Boonen on the (slow) road to recovery  Tom Boonen continue... 
How to watch and follow the 2015 Para-cycling Track World Championships LIVE!: It’s been a long time coming, b... 
Q&amp;A: Pinot building form into Criterium International: Thibault Pinot (FDJ) heads into Critérium International... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3: 

Volta a Catalunya gets shaken up on a hard, hilly stage around Gir... 
Women’s Dwars door Vlaanderen Photo Gallery 2015:  
The article Women’s Dwars door Vlaanderen Photo Gallery 20... 
Philadelphia International Cycling Classic announces women’s teams: Evelyn Stevens (Boels Dolmans) has won two... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3: Domenico Pozzovivo wins ahead of strong GC group, as Pierre Rolland ... 
Pozzovivo wins Catalunya stage 3 with solo attack: Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r La Mondiale) attacked late in stag... 
Wallays and Theuns go one-two at Dwars door Vlaanderen: Jelle Wallays makes a clever attack with one kilometer... 
Video: How to boost your power on the bike: Global Cycling Network explains some basic training techniques tha... 
PEZ Preview: Gent-Wevelgem: The cobble season is upon us, this is the time of year to be in Belgium or better;... 
Women’s Gent Wevelgem 2015: The article Women’s Gent Wevelgem 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Lee’s Lowdown: Milan Musing!: Now that 'La classicissima' has been fought over for 2015, Lee Rodgers gives us ... 
Pieper hands Burghardt and Drucker leadership roles for Dwars Door Vlaanderen: With Philippe Gilbert and Greg ... 
Andreu celebrates victory despite life being ‘destroyed’: Betsy and Frankie Andreu found themselves in Lance A... 
Video: Behind the scenes at Milano-Sanremo with John Degenkolb: 

Find out what it took for John Degenkolb to ... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 2: CCC Sprandi Polkowice worked to maintain its grasp on the overall le... 
Mario Zorzoli reinstated as UCI doctor and scientific advisor: Mario Zorzoli was implicated in the latest test... 
Beauty to bring the Beast at XCO National Cup #2, Gauteng: Beauty to bring the Beast at XCO National Cup #2, G... 
Waregem and Harelbeke: A time to test for classics teams: Wednesday's Dwars door Vlaanderen and Friday's E3 Ha... 
Buyer’s Guide: High roller: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
If you want to make an impression, th... 
Liberty rolls with Cape Winelands mountain bike race: Liberty rolls with Cape Winelands mountain bike raceLibe... 
NAHBS 2015:  North American Hand Made Bicycle Show: 2015 NAHBS brings great stuff from Sarto, Silca, Abbey too... 
Technical FAQ: Wide gear ranges, mixing drivetrains, and more: Despite not being rated to do so, the Ultegra R... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: 

BrakeThrough Media rode with the peloton and documented the dramatic, 293k... 
Pre-race nerves – They’re not just for riders: Omloop het Nieuwsblad, or for those of us that grew up a while ... 
Jeep Team's Kyle Dodd podiums at USA BMX Nationals: Jeep Team's Kyle Dodd podiums at USA BMX NationalsJeep Tea... 
Toolbox: Body Mass and Anaerobic Power: Watching the final crush of Milan San Remo is to view the crescendo of... 
5 conclusions from Milan-San Remo: A man of the match showing from Paolini  John Degenkolb carried off the spo... 
Riis out at Tinkoff? Silence is deafening: Rumors are spreading that Tinkoff-Saxo team owner Oleg Tinkov (righ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road bikes: 

Whether you're just starting out or hoping to climb the ranks in you... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Izoard (Briancon): The Col Collective tackles the Col d'Izoard from the Brian... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 1: 

The breakaway gives the peloton the slip on day one of Volta a Cat... 
No more Meaux: Mo Bruno Roy retires from pro cyclocross: Mo Bruno Roy and Matt Roy were all smiles after Mo lo... 
Paterski wins as breakaway succeeds in Catalunya: A three-man breakaway stays away on the opening day of Volta... 
Video: GCN’s guide to selecting gearing for your bike: Global Cycling Network explains how to choose the right... 
Porte moves on from stormy 2014, targets Giro d’Italia: Richie Porte rode to victory in Paris-Nice earlier thi... 
Kreuziger blasts delays in his doping case: Roman Kreuziger is still awaiting a hearing regarding his biologic... 
Cholet Pays de Loire Dames Photo Gallery 2015:  
The article Cholet Pays de Loire Dames Photo Gallery 2015 app... 
Milan Sanremo 2015 – Roadside!: Milan Sanremo is the longest classic of the year but the kilometers can simply... 
EuroTrash Sanremo Monday!: Mar 23, 2015 - Milan-Sanremo might be long, but it was no 'snoozefest' and we have ... 
BMC fireworks go for naught in Milan-San Remo: Despite animating much of the finale at Milan-San Remo, BMC cam... 
Nash and Cooper win U.S. Cup round two at Fontana: The Luna team took control of round two of the U.S. Cup, an... 
For John Degenkolb to shine in Sanremo, other stars had to fade: Luca Paolini worked incessantly in hopes of b... 
Volta a Catalunya short of big climbs, but not big names: Wary of cancellations forced by bad weather, organiz... 
Degenkolb takes the Via Roma: Degenkolb takes the Via RomaDegenkolb takes the Via Roma Team Giant Alpecin's Jo... 
Sanremo’15: Capo Degenkolb!: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) joined the greats on Sunday on the Via Roma taking... 
Results: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: Results from the 106th running of “La Classicissima," Milano-Sanremo, the first ... 
Defending champion Rodriguez out of Volta  Ciclista a Catalunya: Defending Volta Ciclista a Catalunya champion... 
inCycle: Kristoff on how he won Milan-San Remo in 2014: On Sunday morning Alexander Kristoff will line up for ... 
Iljo Keisse leads Etixx-Quick-Step sweep at Ronde van Zeeland Seaports: Iljo Keisse led an Etixx-Quick-Step sw... 
Alexis Gougeard wins Classic Loire Atlantique: Alexis Gougeard won the Classic Loire Atlantique with a late es... 
Pauline au musée Grévin ?…:  Si vous souhaitez voir Pauline entrer au musée Grévin, votez en cliquant sur le l... 
Milan-San Remo, the first  2015 Monument: Milan-San Remo, the first  2015 MonumentMilan-San Remo, the first 20... 
Sanremo Reload: A Classic Beauty: In 2015 the Milan-San Remo Classic will go back to its traditions to set up ... 
News shorts: New bike for Sagan before Milan-San Remo, Broken arm for Dehaes: Peter Sagan unveiled a newly pai... 
Video: Full recap of U.S. Cup round one in Bonelli Park: Watch racing action from last weekend's first round o... 
Video: Fat bike carnage in Felt’s ‘Double Dare’: Felt tests the limits of its fat bike in "Double Dare."
Felt ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Full-suspension XC mountain bikes: 

Ready to tie on a number plate this summer? Here are ... 
Van Garderen, BMC disappointed after Paris-Nice blunder: Tejay van Garderen said he didn't dress properly for ... 
Eat To Compete: Risotto Milanese-San Remo: Though Milan may be known primarily for its fashion, its cathedral ... 
Seeking San Remo: The Duel To Via Roma: PEZ's Nick O’Brien was live and in-color at the 96th la Primavera in 2... 
Giant's upcoming aero road helmet looks promising: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Giant isn't ... 
Gallery: 10 years of Milan-San Remo on the Via Roma: For the first time since 2007, Milan-San Remo will return... 
Rapha's new drag-reducing Pro Team Aero Jersey launched: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Joinin... 
Velo Magazine — April 2015: The April 2015 issue of Velo magazine is now available.
This issue of Velo takes a... 
26 mins video from the Ronde van Drenthe: I posted a lot of videos, photos and links from the first round of t... 
Chad Haga Journal: Welcome to the WorldTour: The highlight of Chad Haga's Tirreno-Adriatico was his stage 3 br... 
Start List: Cholet Pays de Loire Dames 2015: The article Start List: Cholet Pays de Loire Dames 2015 appeared ... 
Nizzolo claims sprint win at GP Nobili: Giacomo Nizzolo (Trek Factory Racing) celebrated his first win of 2015... 
Bardiani-CSF leads Italian cycling into a new era: Bardiani-CSF is a departure from the Italian super-teams of... 
In the News: SRAM single-ring road drivetrain coming soon?: The Specialized Venge Lunch Race is designed aroun... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Milano-Sanremo: 

Global Cycling Network breaks down the list of favorites at thi... 
Cholet Pays de Loire Dames 2015: The article Cholet Pays de Loire Dames 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Giro Rosa 2015 Route Unveiled: Snippets of details about the route for the Giro Rosa 2015 have been released i... 
PEZ Roadside At Tirreno-Adriatico: Our man in Italy, Alessandro Federico, is addicted to chasing bike races, h... 
EuroTrash Nairo Thursday!: Mar 19, 2015 - Nairo Quintana is the 1st Colombian to win Tirreno and he's put hims... 
Route for 2015 Giro Rosa unveiled: Route for 2015 Giro Rosa unveiledRoute for 2015 Giro Rosa unveiled The 26th... 
Lezyne launches GPS cycling computers: This article originally on BikeRadar  Lezyne is expanding its bicycle a... 
Gesink out of Volta Ciclista a Catalunya: Robert Gesink's interrupted start to 2015 continues with the Dutchma... 
Lobato and Valverde to lead Movistar at Milan-San Remo: Movistar will line up at Milan-San Remo with last year... 
SRAM brings 1x tech to the road - SRAM R1?: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  SRAM's three 1x11 m... 
USA Cycling announces 2015 professional road nationals courses: Like in the past two editions of pro road nati... 
MTB Wednesday – videos for your perusal: I’m down a rabbit-hole of MTB videos, and loving every moment!
First,... 
In the News: Nys says all TUEs should be banned: Former world cyclocross champion Sven Nys spoke out against t... 
Gallery: Titanium creations from Moonmen Bikes: 

A new, small titanium builder on the handbuilt scene, Moonme... 
Cavendish uncertain ahead of Sanremo: Mark Cavendish is hoping to win a second Milano-Sanremo this weekend, bu... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, organic bikes: 

Wood you like to see some different kinds of bikes? These builders showe... 
Video: How to build endurance with limited training time: 

If you're short on time, but need to prepare for a... 
Colombian climber Quintana is king at Tirreno-Adriatico: The Colombian showcases his fighting spirit by winnin... 
Lee’s Lowdown: The Beauty Of Spring!: With all the action in Tirreno and Nice, Lee is full of the joys of spri... 
Cancellara wins ITT but Quintana takes the Trident: Cancellara wins ITT but Quintana takes the TridentCancella... 
2015 Friends Life Tour of Britain route launched: 2015 Friends Life Tour of Britain route launched2015 Friends... 
LottoNL-Jumbo backing Hofland at Milan-San Remo: LottoNL-Jumbo have announced its team for Milan-San Remo cont... 
Porte leads WorldTour standings: After the first three WorldTour events of 2015, Richie Porte occupies top spo... 
Tour of Britain 2015 route unveiled: The 2015 Tour of Britain was unveiled at Wembley Stadium in London on Tue... 
Tour of Britain announces 2015 route: Dylan van Baarle (Cannondale-Garmin) won the 2014 edition of the Tour of... 
Technical FAQ: Shimano 11-speed front derailleur cable setup: Cross-chaining big-to-big with a FD-5800 (11-spe... 
Cancellara’s spiritual moment key with Sanremo and classics looming: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) h... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo on Milano-Sanremo: LottoNL-Jumbo talks about what makes Milano-Sanremo so difficult.
Lott... 
Cancellara gets revenge in final Tirreno TT, Quintana confirms GC: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) won... 
Powertap launches pedal- and chainring-based power measurement: The P1 pedals measure power using vector force... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, display stands: 

Companies and shops used a variety of methods to showcase their bikes a... 
Milan-Sanremo Preview: La Primavera!: Spring must be here in Europe, at last, as the first big Classic of the ... 
Toolbox: Oatmeal – the Endurance Weapon: A popular food among cyclists and athletes, oatmeal is likely to be f... 
PowerTap P1 pedal and C1 chainring power meters launched: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  After... 
Ciolek close to win in Tirreno-Adriatico: Former Milan-San Remo winner Gerald Ciolek came tantilisingly close ... 
Uran realistic about Tirreno TT, enthusiastic about Giro’s: Rigoberto Uran (Etixx-Quick-Step) lost some time o... 
After Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 victory, is Sagan under pressure to win more?: Peter Sagan (left) charged to t... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 6: 

Scenes from the rain-soaked Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 from Rieti t... 
Peter Sagan sprints to his first win of 2015 in Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6: With Milano-Sanremo around the corn... 
Reijnen is king of the mountain at Tour de Langkawi: Kiel Reijnen won the king of the mountains classification... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Passo Gavia: 

The Col Collective takes us up the Passo Gavia from Bornio, wh... 
Novilon Eurocup Photo Gallery 2015: The article Novilon Eurocup Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Top Ride: The Dirty Devil!: On an early March day this year Robert Panzera headed out into the spectacular cou... 
EuroTrash Porte Monday!: Mar 16, 2015 - Nice win for Richie Porte in Nice and Nairo Quintana leads in a snowy ... 
Porte dashes French hopes in wind and rain on Col d'Eze: Porte dashes French hopes in wind and rain on Col d'E... 
Audi Sport Racing Bike launched: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Launched at the 85th Geneva Mo... 
Mollema and Uran set to fight for Tirreno-Adriatico podium spots: Bauke Mollema (Trek Factory Racing) and Rigo... 
With poor form and a troubled team, Vincenzo Nibali is neither saying nor doing much: Vincenzo Nibali doesn't ... 
Porte confirms early season form with Paris-Nice victory: Richie Porte repeated his 2013 heroics on the Col d'... 
In the News: Guess who’s coming back to the Tour (kind of)?: Lance Armstrong reportedly has agreed to join por... 
Podcast 2015, Episode 5 – We love it when a plan comes together: So much racing! We talk all about the Omloop ... 
Videos from the 2015 Ronde van Drenthe World Cup: So many videos from the Ronde van Drenthe!  Read my race rep... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 5: Nairo Quintana didn't beat the snow home, but he beat everyone else.... 
Coupe de Wallonie à Dinant: Tout comme l’an dernier, Pauline était présente, ce dimanche, sur la manche de la ... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 7: Richie Porte was on a mission to retake lost time, and he succeeded. Photo:... 
Nairo Quintana climbs through snow to lead Tirreno-Adriatico: Nairo Quintana is the new leader of Tirreno-Adri... 
Richie Porte wins final ITT to take Paris-Nice title: Richie Porte en route to winning the final stage and the... 
MTN's Youcef Reguigui wins Tour de Langkawi overall: MTN's Youcef Reguigui wins Tour de Langkawi overallMTN's ... 
Team RECM Specialized throw the gauntlet down in ABSA Cape Epic prologue.: Team RECM Specialized throw the gau... 
Birthday Girl D’hoore takes 1st 2015 World Cup Victory: Birthday Girl D’hoore takes 1st 2015 World Cup Victory... 
Pez Bookshelf: Book du Tour: The Official 2015 Richmond World Championship artist in residence, Greig Leach, r... 
Crashes nearly spell disaster for Sky in Paris-Nice: Crashes nearly wreaked havoc on Team Sky's general classi... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6: 

Photo: Tim De Waele | 
The post Gallery: 2015 Paris-... 
Video: Tirreno-Adriatico Stage 4 highlights: Team Sky's Wouter Poels shocked the favourites at Tirreno-Adriati... 
Ronde van Drenthe World Cup Photo Gallery:  
The article Ronde van Drenthe World Cup Photo Gallery appeared fi... 
Battle of the grand-tour stars slated Sunday on Terminillo: Alberto Contador may be the man to watch as Tirren... 
Wout Poels’ win confirms Sky no longer a one-trick pony: Wouter Poels is only the latest Sky rider to be spray... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6: Results from stage 6 of the 2015 Paris-Nice
The post Results: 2015 Paris-Ni... 
Gallery: 2014 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 4: Wouter Poels heads for the finish line. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Tony Gallopin leads Paris-Nice after stage-6 victory: Tony Gallopin takes stage 6 and the overall lead with on... 
Wouter Poels takes stage 4, overall lead at 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico: Wouter Poels took stage 4 and the overall ... 
Youcef Reguigui takes lead at 2015 Tour de Langkawi: Youcef Reguigui roars to the stage win and the overall le... 
MTN's Youcef Reguigui wins Tour Langkawi Queen Stage and takes Yellow!: MTN's Youcef Reguigui wins Tour Langka... 
PEZ Talk: Mads Pedersen: Rider Interview: Always one with an eye on young talent, Ed Hood has hit the ranks of... 
Tour de Langkawi: Fraser’s Hill preview: Saturday’s penultimate stage of the Tour de Langkawi was meant to be ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 3: There was some bumping and jostling for position coming into the fin... 
Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 5: Thomas De Gendt kept the pace high. shedding the other riders in the break one b... 
Natnael Berhane in driver’s seat for GC result at Tour de Langkawi: With only sprinter Caleb Ewan ahead of him... 
Cancellara fights his way to fifth in Tirreno-Adriatico sprint: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) stoppe... 
How to watch the 2015 Boels Rental Ronde van Drenthe World Cup LIVE!: The 2015 Road World Cup starts on Saturd... 
Van Avermaet’s Tirreno timing just right with classics ahead: Greg Van Avermaet outmatched other familiar clas... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 5: 1. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – MERIDA, in 4:12:09 2. Bryan COQUARD, TEAM EUROP... 
Cimolai takes Paris-Nice stage 5 after De Gendt caught inside final kilometer: Davide Cimolai narrowly wins ah... 
Start List: Novilon Eurocup 2015: The article Start List: Novilon Eurocup 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
UCI announces anti-doping measures in response to CIRC: UCI president Brian Cookson says the CIRC report makes... 
Novilon Eurocup 2015: The article Novilon Eurocup 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Ewan grabs Langkawi stage 6 win, extends GC lead: Caleb Ewan holds a 27-second lead in the GC standings at the... 
Drentse 8 Photo Gallery 2015: The article Drentse 8 Photo Gallery 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Tirreno Adriatico Stage 4 Preview: The best GC riders in the world will be hitting the picturesque and very hi... 

Spectator causes Rowney crash at Drentse 8: As Giorgia Bronzini  (Wiggle-Honda) was raising he arms in celebra... 
Stages Cycling indoor bike launched: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Power-meter company Stages... 
Van Garderen: 'I did what I could' against Sky: The first mountain finish of the 2015 Paris-Nice saw American ... 
Video: GCN’s top-10 beards in pro cycling: Global Cycling Network picks its 10 favorite beards in the pro pelo... 
Heal fast, Loren Rowney: So my plan for the day was to come home, eat supper, write a post about how to watch ... 
Sagan hopes to bring Tinkoff-Saxo success in Arezzo: Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) finished second behind Jens De... 
Rowney taken out by spectator in Drenthe finish: Velocio-SRAM's Loren Rowney suffers a crash at the finish aft... 
Giorgia Bronzini wins Drentse 8: Giorgia Bronzini won Molecaten Drentse 8 from a breakaway group of seven to e... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4: 

Sky goes one-two in Paris-Nice's first climbing stage, and Kwiatkowski re... 
Ask a Mechanic: Setting up Shimano direct mount brakes: 

Art's Cyclery demonstrates how to set up and adjust ... 
Top Ride: The Rik van Steenbergen Classic: Our literary editor, Leslie Reissner, doesn't just read books, he a... 
EuroTrash Tirreno Thursday!: Mar 12, 2015 - All the news from the start of Tirreno and the on-going Paris-Nice... 
Anger, frustration permeates peloton in wake of CIRC report: Riders in the pro peloton see the findings of UCI... 
Matthews opens 2015 account at Paris-Nice: It took Michael Matthews (Orica-GreenEdge) just four attempts to op... 
Video: Matthew Goss on MTN's sprint train: Matthew Goss is competing in his first European race of the season ... 
Sarah interviews… Chantal Blaak: The 2015 cycling season has hardly started, but wow, Boels Dolmans are alread... 
Malori not quite king, but wants to take the crown: Adriano Malori (Movistar)  wants to become the next king o... 
Malori against CIRC suggested night-time testing: Adriano Malori (Movistar) was the only rider to attend the p... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 1: 

Italian Adriano Malori wins the Tirreno-Adriatico opener, claiming... 
Revivez « l’intérieur sport » de Pauline…: Pour voir ou revoir le reportage « INTERIEUR SPORT » de canal plus,... 
Start List: Boels Rental Ronde van Drenthe 2015: The article Start List: Boels Rental Ronde van Drenthe 2015 a... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3: 

On a punchy sprint finish tailor-made for Michael Matthews, Orica-GreenEd... 
Kreuziger hoping CAS hearing to take place in April: Roman Kreuziger (Tinkoff-Saxo) is hoping to make his appe... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3: Michael Matthews snags the overall lead in Paris-Nice after winning a punch... 
Malori wins first individual test at Tirreno-Adriatico: Adriano Malori (Movistar) celebrated his second time t... 
Matthews sprints into overall lead at Paris-Nice: Michael Matthews claims his first win of the season in stage... 
Guardini seizes stage 4 win at Tour de Langkawi: Andrea Guardini claimed his 17th career stage win at the Tour... 
KZN Autumn Series delivers three UCI Cat1.2 road races in one week: KZN Autumn Series delivers three UCI Cat1.... 
Gallery: Knobby tires and gravel bikes at NAHBS 2015: 

Check out some of these two-wheeled workhorses on the ... 
Boels Rental Ronde van Drenthe 2015: The article Boels Rental Ronde van Drenthe 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Lee’s Lowdown: Strade Bianche Thoughts!: This week Lee Rodgers runs his eye over the week-end happenings on an... 
Greipel praises Lotto-Soudal teammates for Paris-Nice stage win: André Greipel won his first WorldTour race of... 
Video: Pro bikes in the women’s peloton: Global Cycling Network takes a look at the bikes of the women's pro p... 
Tirreno-Adriatico stage 1 change a blow to Orica-GreenEdge: Orica-GreenEdge put together a roster that was han... 
Pre-race favorites talk Tirreno: Tirreno-Adriatico favorites Sagan, Contador, Nibali, Uran, and Cancellara are... 
Riis says Cookson needs to show he can lead after CIRC report: Tinkoff-Saxo team manager Bjarne Riis has told ... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: 

Tuesday's Paris-Nice stage starts out with a bit of rain and ends with a ... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: Kwiatkowski keeps the yellow jersey as Degenkolb moves up in the overall wi... 
Cancellara and Sagan chasing stage victories at Tirreno-Adriatico: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) and... 
Cancellara: ‘Pity about Boonen’s crash’: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) and Tom Boonen (Etixx-Quick-S... 
Gustav Larsson will go for hour record on March 14: Gustav Larsson (Cult Energy) will take a run at the hour r... 
Technical FAQ: 10- and 11-speed drivetrain component compatibility: Can 11-speed upgrades work with other 10-s... 
Molecaten Drentse 8 2015: The article Molecaten Drentse 8 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Froome or no, star-studded Tirreno-Adriatico should be wild ride: Set to face off against a collection of othe... 
In the News: Patrick Gaudy killed by truck in training crash: 

The 38-year-old cyclocross racer was killed on... 
Rimini inquiry confirms that Pantani was not murdered: The Rimini-based inquiry into the death of Marco Pantan... 
PEZ Talk: Rudy Pevenage: Rudy Pevenage was the man behind Jan Ulrich and guided him to a Tour de France win an... 
Toolbox: Cycling Knee Pain: One of the most common overuse bicycling injuries involves the knee. Chondromalaci... 
Cookson remains cool on Armstrong ban reduction: Although Lance Armstrong provided extensive testimony to the ... 
ASO names wildcards for Ardennes classics: Simon Gerrans was triumphant at the 2014 edition of Liège–Bastogne–... 
Pound: Past UCI leaders only wanted to shoot the messenger: Dick Pound, the first president of the World Anti-... 
What did the CIRC report say about women’s cycling – and why is no one talking about it?: I don’t have the tim... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, best in show: 

The top framebuilders and fabricators in the bike world gather in Louisvi... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: 

A breakaway duo comes close, but the sprinters' teams pull the race back ... 
Verbruggen claims CIRC report "confirms his complete innocence": Former UCI President Hein Verbruggen has join... 
Strava launches Apple Watch application: The new Strava application will use a number of Apple Watch's feature... 
Tirreno-Adriatico TTT changed to ITT due to weather: Tirreno-Adriatico has scrapped its stage 1 team time tria... 
Kristoff crushes Paris-Nice stage 2 sprint: Norwegian sprinter Alexander Kristoff freelances his way to his fi... 
CIRC report: Statement from Hein Verbruggen: Hein Verbruggen, right, shown with former UCI president Pat McQua... 
Kleinhans and Koning take Boland crowns: Kleinhans and Koning take Boland crownsKleinhans and Koning take Bola... 
Kittel pulls out of Tirreno-Adriatico with virus: Marcel Kittel won't contest the sprints in Tirreno-Adriatico... 
PEZ Goes Roadside at Strade Bianche 2015: One of the most beautiful races of the year is without a doubt the S... 
Jaguar gives SA women’s cycling a lift: Jaguar gives SA women’s cycling a liftJaguar gives SA women’s cycling ... 
Omloop van het Hageland Photo Gallery 2015: The article Omloop van het Hageland Photo Gallery 2015 appeared fi... 
EuroTrash Stybar Monday!: Mar 09, 2015 - Double World cross champion, Zdenek Stybar, showed his class taking t... 
Newbie cyclists from Lavender  Hill invited to Provincial Trials: Newbie cyclists from Lavender  Hill invited ... 
CIRC report: The reactions: Travis Tygart made a name for himself by exposing the doping practices of Lance Ar... 
CIRC report: List of interviews: By vesting extensive power in the office of the presidency, the UCI "created ... 
Dimanche ensoleillé dans l’Oise…:   Comme l’an passé, Pauline avait décidé, ce dimanche, d’accompagner son ent... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, prologue: Michal Kwiatkowski en route to winning the prologue by a whisker over Roha... 
Yves Lampaert cleans up at 2015 Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen: Yves Lampaert cleaned up on the final day of t... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, prologue: Results from the prologue to the 2015 Paris-Nice
The post Results: 2015 Pa... 
Teams reconsider Tour de Langkawi strategy after course change: MTN-Qhubeka have reacted coldly to news of the... 
Andrea Guardini wins kickoff to 2015 Tour de Langkawi: Andrea Guardini adds to his victory tally, winning stag... 
Nolan Hoffman defends Cape Town Cycle Tour title in Solidary Ride: Nolan Hoffman defends Cape Town Cycle Tour ... 
Team Sky stand by Knaven after doping allegations resurface: Team Sky have leapt to the defence of Servais Kna... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 4 – International Women’s Day: It’s an amazing week of women’s cycling, and it’s also Int... 
Tour of Turkey announces 2015 route and stages: The Presidential Tour of Turkey has announced the course for i... 
Women’s Strade Bianche Photo Gallery 2015:    
The article Women’s Strade Bianche Photo Gallery 2015 appeared ... 
SRS Begins on Florida’s Emerald Coast: Organizers of the Southeast Regional Series (SRS) announced its lineup ... 
Van Avermaet happy with second at Strade Bianche: Greg Van Avermaet (BMC) produced another fine performance on... 
Gallery: 2015 Strade Bianche: It was a windy, dusty day at the Strade Bianche. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWsport.... 
Valverde runs out of steam in Strade Bianche finale: When Alejandro Valverde forced the winning breakaway afte... 
Yves Lampaert wins stage, takes lead in Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen: Yves Lampaert takes the victory in sta... 
Guarnier wins inaugeral Women's Strade Bianche: Guarnier wins inaugeral Women's Strade BiancheGuarnier wins in... 
Stybar Strikes at Strade Bianche!: Race Report: In a glorious race across the ‘white roads’ of Tuscany, Zdenek... 
Results: 2015 Strade Bianche: Results from the 2015 Strade Bianche
The post Results: 2015 Strade Bianche appea... 
Zdenek Stybar dusts them all at Strade Bianche: Zdenek Stybar overpowered Greg Van Avermaet and Alejandro Valv... 
Megan Guarnier takes 1st women’s Strade Bianche in solo breakaway: American Megan Guarnier attacks a lead grou... 
Bombshell or a dud? CIRC report due Monday: The UCI, under its President Brian Cookson, will release the Cycli... 
News shorts: Vorobyev wins Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen prologue: Vorobyev wins Driedaagse van West-Vlaander... 
Tour of the Gila in jeopardy of cancellation: A title sponsor has had to pull its investment from the 2015 Tou... 
MTN-Qhubeka has high hopes ahead of Tour de France debut: Norwegian Edvald Boasson Hagen bolstered the MTN squ... 
Will the women’s Strade Bianche be shown on tv? My answers…: I am so excited about this race!  It’s the first ... 
Strade Bianche Preview: PEZ Sez!: The Strade Bianche has in just a handful of editions done what no other youn... 
Tour of the Gila facing cancellation: New Mexico's Tour of the Gila could face cancellation this year if the r... 
Anton Vorobyev wins Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen prologue: Russian time trial specialist Anton Vorobyev ride... 
ASO adds partner to improve Tour de France viewing experience: Dimension Data will be used to improve the view... 
Omloop van het Hageland – Tielt Winge 2015: The article Omloop van het Hageland – Tielt Winge 2015 appeared fi... 
Dimension Data signs five year deal with ASO: Dimension Data signs five year deal with ASODimension Data signs... 
Video: 10 riders to watch in Paris-Nice: Paris-Nice has long held its place in the cycling calendar as the fir... 
Contador, Sagan link up for first time at Tirreno-Adriatico: Alberto Contador and Peter Sagan now wear the sam... 
Preview: Women’s Strade Bianche rides into the unknown: The Strade Bianche's scenery is stunning, and its hill... 
Uran says he ‘loves’ Giro’s stage 14 TT course: Rigoberto Uran won the Giro's stage 12 individual time trial i... 
Gallery: Jamis-Hagens Berman in Costa Rica training camp: The Jamis-Hagens Berman p/b Sutter Home team chose a... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Tirreno-Adriatico: Global Cycling Network names 10 top riders to watch at Tirreno... 
Video: Col Collective rides the Col du Tourmalet: 

Mike Cotty takes us up the Col du Tourmalet, the climb use... 
Ask a Mechanic: Routing cable through handlebars: 

This week, Art's Cyclery shows us how to properly feed cab... 
Book Excerpt: Ned Overend on high-intensity training for masters: Ned Overend has more championship titles to ... 
Photog’s View: Omloop &amp; Kuurne ’15: The first two big races in northern Europe were at the week-end and PEZ ha... 
EuroTrash Le Samyn Thursday!: Mar 05, 2015 - The cobbles are still with us in Le Samyn and we have the report ... 
News Shorts: Betancur wants to ride the Tour de France: Having announced in December that that his long awaite... 
Le Samyn des Dames Photo Gallery 2015: Discover out how the race unfolded in the race report.   Next race up i... 
Péraud: Sky will be tough to beat in Paris-Nice: Jean-Christophe Péraud is starting to find his form after a s... 
Kreuziger faces difficult defense based on WADA and CAS history: If history is any guide, Roman Kreuziger face... 
Cycle Tour to run shortened 47 kilometer route: Cycle Tour to run shortened 47 kilometer routeCycle Tour to ru... 
Chantal Blaak wins Le Samyn des Dames: Boels Dolmans continued their impressive early season form with another... 
News shorts: Boonen tax trial delayed, Fontana switches to the road for Strade Bianche: Boonen and Lefevere ha... 
Boeckmans beats the odds to win Le Samyn: Lotto-Soudal's Kris Boeckmans spoils Etixx-Quick-Step's party, jumpi... 
Merckx’s Axeon team feeds top talent to WorldTour: Axel Merckx met up with his father Eddy at the recent Tour ... 
Stress Test: Shimano Dura-Ace 9000 long-term review: The chainrings may be expensive, but they last quite long... 
Top Ride: Strade Bianche: This Saturday the 9th Strade Bianche heads off from San Gimignano to cross the 'Whit... 
News Shorts: Gerrans and Orica-GreenEdge for Strade Bianche: Orica-GreenEdge Strade Bianche team  Simon Gerran... 
Lee’s Lowdown: How To Lose A Classic!: This week Lee Rodgers runs his eye over the debacle of Saturday's Omloo... 
Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies starts season with wins on two continents: Mike Woods (Optum-Kelly Benefit Stra... 
News shorts: Andy Schleck to open bike shop: Dumoulin under the weather  Tom Dumoulin (Giant Alpecin) was to b... 
Gerrans returns at Strade Bianche: Simon Gerrans (Orica-GreenEdge) is ready to return to the peloton after mis... 
In the News: Woman dies after feedzone crash in Belgium: A 54-year-old woman is hit in a feedzone at a Sunday ... 
In the News: Wellens retires from professional cyclocross racing: Bart Wellens announced his retirement from p... 
Demare: I can win Paris-Roubaix in the future: The past two seasons have seen Arnaud Démare (FDJ) make huge le... 
Kevin de Weert says he’s not under investigation in ozone doping case: Kevin de Weert (LottoNL-Jumbo) is free ... 
Technical FAQ: Di2 options, hot brakes, and more: Disc brakes may not be the answer to solving hot brake issue... 
Specialized adds to saddle lineup with Power model: The Specialized Power saddle is designed for road racers a... 
Kuurne From The Bar/Roadside!: Day two of Ed Hood's Belgian jaunt took him to the roadside of Kuurne-Brussel-K... 
Start List – Strade Bianche 2015: The article Start List – Strade Bianche 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Women’s Strade Bianche 2015: The article Women’s Strade Bianche 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Podcast 2015 – Dutch Style Racing: Hi team, this week Sarah and Dan round up all that’s fit to know about Omlo... 
Toolbox: Muscle Fatigue: If cycling is a sport of suffering, most of the time that suffering comes down to our... 
News shorts: A Welsh team in the Tour de France?: New Welsh team aiming for 2019 Tour de France  We Are Wales ... 
Study: 103.7 million Americans ride bikes: Photo: Logan VonBokel | 
A new study indicates... 
News shorts: Schleck out of Paris-Nice: Schleck out of Paris-Nice  Trek Factory Racing will start Paris-Nice w... 
Roche understands Contador’s motivation to take on Giro-Tour double: Nicholas Roche admires former teammate Al... 
Fairly ‘fitting in nicely’ at Giant-Alpecin: Caleb Fairly is looking forward to working for Giant-Alpecin's im... 
Contador, Froome, Nibali, and Quintana primed for Tirreno: Alberto Contador returns to Tirreno-Adriatico as th... 
Bonifazio hoping for Milan-San Remo success after Lugano victory: Niccolo’ Bonifazio (Lampre-Merida) used his ... 
Out of Africa: MTN-Qhubeka’s model may change pro cycling: MTN-Qhubeka has ridden its way into the European pe... 
Etixx’s hard lesson at Omloop pays dividends in Kuurne: Mark Cavendish sprinted to victory in Sunday's Kuurne-... 
Statement from Cycle Tour re  Peninsula Fires: Statement from Cycle Tour re  Peninsula FiresStatement from Cyc... 
PEZ Roadside: Het Nieuwsblad ’15: Two races in Belgium at the week-end, so we put Ed Hood roadside in Flanders... 
EuroTrash Flemish Monday!: Mar 02, 2015 - It has been a very good week-end for British riders with Ian Stannar... 
Kleinhans duo wins gold at 2015 Cape Town Cycle Tour MTB Challenge: Kleinhans duo wins gold at 2015 Cape Town ... 
Champion System gets first taste of the Classics: For top guns like Tom Boonen, Mark Cavendish (Etixx-Quick St... 
Viviani makes smooth transition to cobbles at Kuurne-Brussel-Kuurne: From the smooth boards of the velodrome i... 
Gallery: 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: The sprint unfolds. Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Tim De W... 
Samuel Dumoulin wins 2015 Drome Classic: Samuel Dumoulin won the Drome Classic on Sunday. Photo: Tim De Waele ... 
Guesdon backs Démare for Paris-Roubaix victory: The record 30-year drought since France’s last Tour de France ... 
Kuurne’15: Cav Rescues The Weekend!: Race report: After yesterday's lemming-like ride into self-destruction, E... 
Cyprus Sunshine Cup: Avant la reprise de la saison routière, Pauline était, cette semaine, au départ de la « C... 
Results: 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: Results from the 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne
The post Results: 2015 Kuur... 
Buys, Neethling take top honours at XCO opening round in PE: Buys, Neethling take top honours at XCO opening r... 
Van der Breggen returns in winning form: Van der Breggen returns in winning formVan der Breggen returns in win... 
News Shorts: Vuelta Mexico cancelled: 2015 Vuelta Mexico cancelled   Organisers of the 2015 Vuelta Mexico, whi... 
Omloop het Nieuwslad Photo Gallery 2015: Photos from an action packed day at Omloop het Nieuwsblad 2015. Anna ... 
Ian Stannard climbs out of that ditch and onto the podium: Ian Stannard was overjoyed to be winning again afte... 
Gallery: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Ian Stannard attacks in the finale of the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: T... 
Boonen: We should have waited for the sprint: Amid the comedy of errors that was Etixx-QuickStep’s unravelling... 
Anna van der Breggen Wins Omloop het Nieuwsblad: Anna van der Breggen won the tenth edition of the women’s Oml... 
Results: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Results from the 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad
The post Results: 2015 Omloop... 
Stannard Slays Etixx for Omloop Double: Race Report: Up against three Etixx-Quickstep riders, and three of the... 
Ian Stannard wins 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Ian Stannard does it again at the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: ... 
Van Avermaet: I didn’t do anything wrong: At the sunny start of Omloop Het Nieuwsblad on Sint-Pietersplein in ... 
Greg Van Avermaet under scrutiny in Mertens inquiry: Greg Van Avermaet, second at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad in 201... 
How to watch Sarah Storey’s Hour Record LIVE! and follow the 2015 Omloop het Nieuwsblad live-ish: Wow, what a ... 
Winning all five Monuments remains a goal for Gilbert: Regardless of what he achieves on the 200-kilometre loo... 
Rediffusions d’Intérieur Sport…: Pour voir ou revoir le superbe reportage « intérieur sport »….   A noter qu’i... 
Chad Haga, Giant-Alpecin’s resident pianist: Chad Haga (Giant-Alpecin) is taking on his second season at the W... 
Video: What’s in a pro cyclist’s suitcase?: Global Cycling Network looks at the mountains of kit that Matti Br... 
Grand Prix of Portland pushed to 2016: 

After failing to lock in a sponsor to support the proposed UCI one-da... 
In the News: Vaminolact infusions discovered in Meeusen’s camper: In addition to his suspicious links to Dr. C... 
Astana willing to work with Licence Commission: Just under three months after they were popping champagne cork... 
Kessiakoff says Astana mistreatment cut career short: Fredrik Kessiakoff's tenure at Astana was marked by grea... 
Van Avermaet targets classics for ‘big win’: Greg Van Avermaet hopes to land on the top step of the podium thi... 
Report: CAS reduce Ballan suspension by five months: Alessandro Ballan has had his two-year ban, for the use o... 
Top Ride: Ghisallo-Sormano on Lake Como: One of my favorite rides in recent memory, and possibly ever – was a ... 
UCI requests withdrawal of Astana Pro Team license: The gloss of a Tour de France victory has worn off the Ast... 
Preview: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad favors opportunists: Ian Stannard outsprinted Greg Van Avermaet to take the vic... 
Gallery: Riders recon Omloop Het Nieuwsblad route: The first cobbled classic of the 2015 season is almost here... 
Where to watch pro cycling in the U.S. this year: 

A listing of the variety of television stations that will ... 
Lawson Craddock on how to ride 100 miles inside: Lawson Craddock has used a new multi-player training game tec... 
Deignan hoping to hone form at Tour de Langkawi: After completing the Tour of Oman, Philip Deignan will contin... 
Video: Riders to watch at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: Ten riders to watch this year at O... 
Week in Tech: Enve, Bontrager wheels, and gravel bikes: The Enve SES 4.5 wheels are available now, and they fi... 
Van Houweling sets Pan-American hour record in Mexico: Molly Shaffer Van Houweling rode into the record books ... 
Bouhanni and Cofidis sprint train reaching top speed: Sprinter Nacer Bouhanni is putting all his faith in his ... 
Stetina &amp; Bookwalter Get PEZ’d: Rider interview: Two interviews for the price of one as Alastair Hamilton has ... 
Adrien Costa striving to be part of American elite: At 17, Adrien Costa is the American junior time trial cham... 
Farrar hoping to deliver classics success for MTN-Qhubeka: Tyler Farrar will start the classics season this we... 
EuroTrash Cobbles Thursday!: Feb 26, 2015 - The Belgian cobbles week-end starts here in EuroTrash. All the inf... 
Women's news shorts: 25 teams confirmed for Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: 25 teams confirmed for Omloop Het Nieuwsbla... 
Synergy Baku suspends Pliuschin over Salbutamol test: Alexandr Pliuschin was riding for Skydive Dubai last fal... 
Paris-Nice 2015 set to be a climber’s showcase: Paris-Nice will be an opportunity for the climbers to stretch ... 
Eight wildcard invitations announced for Paris-Roubaix: ASO has announced the eight wildcard teams for this ye... 
Paris-Roubaix announces 2015 wildcard invites: American team UnitedHealthcare returns to Paris-Roubaix after d... 
In the News: Sweeck may face two-year suspension: Laurens Sweeck won the under-23 World Cup in Zolder. He went... 
Preview: Le Samyn des Dames 2015: The article Preview: Le Samyn des Dames 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Technical FAQ: Hot tires and rims in Oman: Several flat tires during a neutralized descent in Tour of Oman's p... 
Merckx pushes to renew Tour of Oman contract despite rider protest: Eddy Merckx talked with riders after they ... 
Cookson calls for collective responsibility in anti-doping: As cycling braces itself for the findings of the C... 
Strong women’s field for Tour de Boland: Strong women’s field for Tour de Boland Strong women’s field for Tour... 
SA pro teams face stiff opposition at Tour de Boland: SA pro teams face stiff opposition at Tour de BolandSA p... 
Lee’s Lowndown: Cobbles &amp; Coppi: This week Lee Rodgers casts his eye over the opening classics of the season a... 
LottoNL-Jumbo ready for first Classics test: The Dutch LottoNL-Jumbo squad has checked all the boxes in its pr... 
Track cycling star Gaviria joins Cavendish on Etixx-Quick-Step: Fernando Gaviria won two stages at the Tour de... 
2015 roads lead to Richmond for Ben King: A sense of life beyond cycling brought him off the beaten track to M... 
Phil Gaimon Journal: Good legs and bad omens: This is where the time trial finished. Way to ruin a good view. ... 
Start List – Le Samyn des Dames 2015: The article Start List – Le Samyn des Dames 2015 appeared first on Velofocus. 
Video: Col Collective rides the Col de la Bonette: 

Mike Cotty rides the Col de la Bonette, an imposing climb... 
New dedicated start group for elite ladies at Cape Town Cycle Tour 2015: New dedicated start group for elite l... 
Rodriguez playing catch up to find form for Ardennes, grand tours: Joaquim Rodriguez said he's still searching... 
Sasol promotes women participation in the Absa Cape Epic: Sasol promotes women participation in the Absa Cape ... 
Contador explains motivation for Giro-Tour double: Alberto Contador is motivated to take on the Giro-Tour doub... 
Bradley Wiggins to ride Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Bradley Wiggins will ride Omloop Het Nieuwsblad on Saturday to ... 
Kuurne &amp; Nieuwsblad: The PEZ Preview: The cobble season starts on Saturday with the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and ... 
Caffeine – the kick when you need it most: Caffeine – the kick when you need it mostThere is a lot of mis-unde... 
Toolbox: High Intensity Intervals: With the eventual approach of (hopefully) late winter in the northern hemis... 
Schleck lowers Paris-Nice ambitions after crash in Andalucia: After falling victim to a massive crash in the o... 
Final Amstel Gold race wildcards announced: The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Go... 
News shorts: Cult Energy bikes stolen, Hutarovich scores hat trick: Cult Energy a no show at Haut Var stage 2 ... 
Pauline fait son « INTERIEUR SPORT »…: Avant de retrouver Pauline sur les routes, ne manquez pas « L’INTERIEUR... 
Former Giro race director Acquarone: “race organizers have too much power”: Former Giro d'Italia race director... 
Kreuziger on biological passport case: ‘Very few believe in the UCI’: Roman Kreuziger protested his innocence ... 
Video: Servicing Look and Shimano pedals: GCN
Global Cycling Network demonstrates how to remove and service Sh... 
Brent Bookwalter Q&amp;A: Pro Cyclists ‘need a voice’: Brent Bookwalter is on the board of the new ANAPRC, which i... 
PPA/CSA come to an agreement: PPA/CSA come to an agreementPedal Power Association Press Release It is with gre... 
Thomas delivers on stage racing ambition with Algarve win: One of Geraint Thomas’ aims coming into the season ... 
PEZ Talk: Brian Vandborg: Interview: Brian Vandborg retired at the end of 2013 after a career that saw him com... 
Start List – Women’s Omloop het Nieuwsblad 2015: The article Start List – Women’s Omloop het Nieuwsblad 2015 a... 
EuroTrash Froome Monday!: Feb 23, 2015 - Wall-to-wall racing over the week-end from Oman, Spain, France, Portu... 
10th Edition Tropicale Amissa Bongo: 10th Edition Tropicale Amissa Bongo10th Edition Tropicale Amissa Bongo Ra... 
USA National Team take the podium in New Zealand: USA National Team take the podium in New ZealandUSA National... 
Anna Meares takes 11th title at track worlds: Anna Meares celebrates after winning the keirin. Photo: AFP
Anna... 
Geraint Thomas seals Algarve win and looks to Paris-Nice and Classics: Geraint Thomas heads into the spring ca... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 6: Tejay van Garderen congratulates Rafael Valls at the conclusion of the 20... 
Tejay van Garderen rues lost opportunity in Oman: Tejay van Garderen dueled with eventual winner Rafael Valls ... 
Le Court crowned at Carnival City classic: Le Court crowned at Carnival City classicLe Court crowned at Carniv... 
Chris Froome wraps up title at 2015 Ruta del Sol: The final podium. Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Bonitas's Nel shows his steel at Carnival City Classic: Bonitas's Nel shows his steel at Carnival City Classic... 
Rafael Valls jubilant after winning 2015 Tour of Oman: Runner-up Tejay van Garderen congratulates Rafael Valls... 
Podcast 2015 – Welcome to Women’s Cycling 101!: So you’ve heard a lot about the amazing and incredible sport o... 
CIRC report will make for uncomfortable reading, says Cookson: UCI president Brian Cookson has warned that the... 
USA Podium Lock Out at Women’s Tour of New Zealand: The final stage of the 2015 edition of the Women’s Tour of... 
Pez Bookshelf: “Fast After 50”: The aging process is something none of us can avoid, but with the help of Joe ... 
Fernando Gaviria wins men’s omnium at 2015 track worlds: Colombia's Fernando Gaviria celebrates his victory in... 
Gallery: 2015 Ruta del Sol, stage 4: Chris Froome giving it all en route to a stage win and a two-second overa... 
Counter-punch: Chris Froome swarms Alberto Contador in Ruta double: Chris Froome drops the hammer on Alberto C... 
Unexpected triumph for Froome at Vuelta a Andalucia: Chris Froome (Sky) dug deep on stage four of the Vuelta a... 
In the News: Expect surprises in doping report, says UCI chief: UCI president Brian Cookson has hung his hat o... 
Chris Froome drops Alberto Contador, takes lead at Ruta del Sol: Chris Froome attacked Alberto Contador to win... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 5: A rider protest over severe weather forced a halt to stage 5 of the Tour ... 
Sandstorm, rider strike snuff stage 5 at 2015 Tour of Oman: Extreme heat and a sandstorm forced a halt to stag... 
California’s Queen Stage: A PEZ Top Ride: The queen stage of the 2015 Tour of California will be a ball buster... 
Tour of Oman stage 5 cancelled due to extreme weather conditions: Stage 5 of the Tour of Oman has been cancell... 
Tayler Wiles Wins Queen Stage at Women’s Tour of New Zealand: The queen stage of this year’s Women’s Tour of N... 
Hat-trick for Pervis and silver for Valente at track worlds: Jennifer Valente wins the silver medal for the wo... 
Nibali brushes off struggles at Tour of Oman: Vincenzo Nibali chatted with Tour de France director Christian P... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 4: Rafael Valls was successful on stage 4 by following the right wheels, and... 
Video: Viviani talks about sprinting with Team Sky: Elia Viviani (Team Sky) kicked off his 2015 season and his... 
Contador extends overall Ruta del Sol lead with stage 3 mountaintop win: Tinkoff-Saxo's Alberto Contador tight... 
Van Garderen underestimates Valls at Tour of Oman: For the second consecutive year, Tejay van Garderen (BMC) f... 
LottoNL-Jumbo sails into calmer waters: LottoNL-Jumbo's Wilco Kelderman finished just two seconds behind stage... 
Valls wins Tour of Oman stage 4, takes race lead: Rafael Valls climbed into the Tour of Oman lead on Friday. P... 
Pendleton: Worlds defeat can help GB pursuit women move forward: Victoria Pendleton believes that defeat at th... 
Katrin Garfoot Wins Stage Three of Tour of New Zealand: The article Katrin Garfoot Wins Stage Three of Tour of... 
RIP Claude Criquielion: Former World road champion Claude Criquielion lost his last battle and passed away on ... 
Gallery: 2015 Ruta del Sol, stage 2: 

Photos from the second stage of the race in southern Spain
The post Gal... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 3: 

Scenes from the third stage of racing in Oman, which covered 158 kilome... 
Contador on the attack in Vuelta a Andalucia: Vuelta a Andalucia leader Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) explai... 
British upset and bronze for Bobby Lea at track worlds’ second day: Bobby Lea got into an early break and rode... 
Q&amp;A: Prudhomme talks onboard cameras, Armstrong, and more: Tour de France race director Christian Prudhomme wa... 
2015 Tour of California route announced: The men's peloton will ride to the familiar Mount Baldy this year in ... 
Konrad ready to fight for Tour of Oman white jersey: Since making it into the break on the opening stage of th... 
Loes Gunnewijk’s Last Year: The article Loes Gunnewijk’s Last Year appeared first on Velofocus. 
Juan Jose Lobato sprints to Ruta del Sol stage 2 victory: Movistar's Juan Jose Lobato outsprints John Degenkol... 
Ask a Mechanic: Mixing SRAM MTB 1×11 parts: 

Art's Cyclery offers advice on where to spend your money when ou... 
Tom Boonen Gets PEZ’d: Rider Interview: Tom Boonen is a hero in Belgium, a great champion and also a nice guy ... 
Dominant performance from Team Activate / Demacon: Dominant performance from Team Activate / Demacon Dominant ... 
Majka: I still have a lot to learn from Contador: Rafal Majka is one of the contenders to assume Alberto Conta... 
EuroTrash Alberto Thursday!: Feb 19, 2015 - There are three races on at the moment: Oman, Ruta del Sol and Alg... 
Legally Speaking with Bob Mionske returns: 

Olympic cyclist and lawyer Bob Mionske is reviving his VeloNews c... 
Gallery: 2015 Ruta del Sol, stage 1 road race and time trial: 

Day one in Andalucia offered a split stage wit... 
Froome ‘blows out cobwebs’ in Ruta del Sol TT: Chris Froome (Team Sky) started his 2015 season in the Ruta del... 
In the News: Lance Armstrong pleads guilty to careless driving: Lance Armstrong pleads guilty to careless driv... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 2: 

After a hilly finale in Oman, Cancellara out-sprints a select group to ... 
Van Garderen fine-tuning for 2015 after ‘bittersweet’ Tour de France: BMC Racing's Tejay van Garderen is start... 
Brailsford keeps one eye on Track Worlds at Vuelta a Andalucia: Dave Brailsford may no longer be part of the B... 
Belgian cycling great Criquielion dies at 58: Claude Criquielion, Nico Verhoeven, Teun Van Vliet, and Steve Ba... 
Cancellara takes ‘small step’ toward 2015 classics success with Oman stage win: Fabian Cancellara rode to vict... 
USA dominant in Stage 1 of Women’s Tour of New Zealand: The article USA dominant in Stage 1 of Women’s Tour of... 
UCI Rule 1.2.019 - Forbidden Races explained: UCI Rule 1.2.019 - Forbidden Races explainedUCI Rule 1.2.019 - F... 
Degenkolb: Vuelta a Andalucia’s tough format suits me: Following his strong win in the uphill finish at the To... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Ego, a necessary evil?: This week Lee Rodgers turns his attention to something that we all have... 
How to watch the 2015 Track Cycling World Championships – LIVE!: 
The 2015 Track World Championships are very ... 
Contador downplays form ahead of season opener: For the first time since the 2014 Vuelta a España, Contador wi... 
Warren Barguil’s Tour year begins in Oman: Warren Barguil is one of several young French hopefuls who will tak... 
Technical FAQ: Shifting setup, Di2 troubleshooting, and more: Will reprograming a Di2 rear derailleur lead to ... 
Optum opens European swing in Algarve: Optum's time trial ace, Tom Zirbel, will aim for a strong showing in Fr... 
American Carter Jones makes WorldTour debut at Tour of Oman: Carter Jones, a talented climber, makes his World... 
Guardini: Tour of Oman win means more than the others: After knocking on the door throughout the Dubai Tour an... 
Contador, Froome ready to clash at Ruta del Sol: Chris Froome and Alberto Contador will kick off their 2015 se... 
Guardini strikes first in Oman, wins opening stage: Andrea Guardini (left) won the opening stage at the Tour o... 
PEZ Talk: David Mckenzie: David McKenzie put the McCartney team firmly on the map with a stage win in the Giro... 
Merckx: Hour Record and Paris-Roubaix success would make Wiggins a complete champion: Eddy Merckx believes tha... 
Toolbox: Faster Race Finishes: How many times have you finished a race and not had that last extra effort need... 
Gallery: Santa Cruz Stigmata CC cyclocross bike: 

The Stigmata CC is a new, carbon fiber, disc brake-equipped... 
Gallery: 24 Hours of Old Pueblo: 

The mountain bike race season kicks off in the Arizona desert with costumes... 
With Ardennes classics and Tour de France defense on the horizon, Nibali continues early-season build-up at To... 
Belgian world champion Claude Criquielion suffers stroke: Claude Criquielion, Nico Verhoeven, Teun Van Vliet, ... 
Armstrong loses SCA case, ordered to pay $10 million: A Texas court has ordered Lance Armstrong to pay $10 mil... 
Scott recalls select Vanish EVO helmets: Scott has recalled select Vanish EVO helmet models. Photo: Scott
Scot... 
Q&amp;A: Chris Horner on swapping the WorldTour for Airgas-Safeway: Chris Horner dropped a bomb on US domestic cyc... 
Racing for WorldTour points creates chaos where there should be order: How do WorldTour points actually affect... 
Lynskey’s Viale’:  “Light” Touring…: Loaded with SRAM’s Hydro S series (and Red 10), Zipp’s 30 wheels and Cock... 
Second New Zealand national cross country title for Anton Cooper: Just as did in Glasgow at the 2014 Commonwea... 
EuroTrash ‘Cav’ Monday!: Feb 16, 2015 - As always we have a lot to get through in EuroTrash Monday. We round-u... 
Ascendis duo enjoy the fruits of their labour at Du Toit Tankwa Trek: Ascendis duo enjoy the fruits of their l... 
Mark Cavendish out-kicks Juan Jose Lobato to win Clasica de Almeria: Mark Cavendish added to his 2015 victory ... 
Dominique Rollin’s back on the job, this time with Cofidis: Dominique Rollin has joined Cofidis to give Nacer ... 
Cancellara says he is still learning how to be a leader: Fabian Cancellara was not satisfied with his 2014 sea... 
Coming soon: A new look for Cyclingnews: 
PEZ Talk: Bobby Lea: US trackman Bobby Lea will soon be on the boards of Paris fighting for the World pursuit ... 
Gallery: 2015 Superprestige-Middelkerke: Kevin Pauwels drives through the sand en route to winning the Superpr... 
When the going gets tough, the team to watch is Etixx-Quick-Step: Etixx Quick-Step won the best team competiti... 
Rein Taaramae solos to victory in 2015 Vuelta Ciclista a Murcia: Rein Taaramae started 2015 off on the right f... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin share their Valentine messages: The Cannondale-Garmin team has shared their Valentine... 
Green and gold podium on final day of African Champs:  Green and gold podium on final day of African ChampsGre... 
Alberto Contador confirms Giro-Tour double … again: Alberto Contador wants to go out on top, as a Tour de Fran... 
UCI to stream live images from onboard cameras at track world championships: The UCI has announced that it wil... 
Chris Horner Talks to PEZ at the Airgas-Safeway Team Launch: After the official launch ceremonies were complet... 
Shooting photo chez « NIKE », nouveau partenaire de Pauline…: Avant son départ en Guadeloupe, Pauline est allé... 
Cancellara ‘lost motivation’ for hour record: Fabian Cancellara says the hour record has lost its allure for h... 
Fifth Gold Medal For In Two Weeks For Moolman-Pasio: Fifth Gold Medal For In Two Weeks For Moolman-PasioFifth ... 
UCI to stream live footage from onboard cameras at track worlds: The 2015 UCI world track championships will o... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Qatar, stage 6: 

Terpstra holds on to win overall in Doha under heavy pressure from Kat... 
SRAM recalls Zipp 88 hubs: SRAM has recalled the Zipp 88 hub due to risk of flange failure. Photo: CPSC
SRAM h... 
Terpstra defends Tour of Qatar title: The Dutch rider wins by 6 seconds as Sam Bennett claims victory in the f... 
Quintana to skip planned 2015 European debut race at Vuelta a Andalucía: Nairo Quintana has been withdrawn fro... 
Top Ride: Climbing Il Mortirolo: Over a lifetime of cycling the roads of our sport, a few stand out: the fun o... 
Video: What’s it like to race in Dubai?: GCN talks to pros at the Dubai Tour to get their take on what it's li... 
In the News: Vuelta gets green light for women’s race: La Course by the Tour de France was one of the biggest ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Qatar, stage 5: 

Two wins in a row for Kristoff in Qatar, as Terpstra holds the overall... 
Standoff between MPCC and Lampre over Ulissi: Diego Ulissi's return to racing is causing more headaches for hi... 
Kristoff takes win number three at Tour of Qatar: Niki Terpstra brings a six-second overall lead into Friday's... 
Cancellara: Race the classics first, talk retirement later: Fabian Cancellara won the Tour of Flanders last ye... 
Lampre: Not re-signing Horner ‘came down to his age’: Chris Horner eventually found a job for 2015, signing wi... 
News shorts: Lopez doubts Contador's Giro-Tour double: David Lopez questions whether Contador's Giro d'Italia ... 
Michal Kwiatkowski Gets PEZ’d!: Rider Interview: World professional road champion at 24 isn’t too shabby, but ... 
EuroTrash Kristoff Thursday!: Feb 12, 2015 - Alexander Kristoff must like sand and strong winds as he has chal... 
Lampre GM: ‘We have full confidence in Ulissi’: After nearly eight months of controversy following a positive ... 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 4: 

The peloton fights headwinds on Wednesday, and Kristoff doubles-up with the... 
In the News: Burglars caught after robbing Specialized HQ: Two bikes worth a combined value of $44,000 have be... 
Kittel without sprint kick: Marcel Kittel (Giant-Alpecin) is suffering through a patch of bad form during the ... 
Carmen Small: The article Carmen Small appeared first on Velofocus. 
Kristoff grabs another Qatar stage win, Terpstra stays in front: Niki Terpstra remains in the overall lead wit... 
Preview – Women’s Tour of New Zealand 2015: The article Preview – Women’s Tour of New Zealand 2015 appeared fi... 
Geraint Thomas: ‘Strength in numbers is key’ for classics: Geraint Thomas is vital to Sky, from the spring cla... 
PEZ Talk: Ian Field: As the 2014/15 cyclo-cross season is about to wind up, Ed Hood quizzes the British Nation... 
Kittel to skip Milan-San Remo: Marcel Kittel has revealed that he will not ride Milan-San Remo but will get a ... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Desert Dreams: Lee Rodgers takes us into his desert dreams as 'The World’s Oldest Neo-Pro on hi... 
Merci à tous !: « Un grand merci à toutes et tous pour vos nombreux messages à l’occasion de mon anniversaire.... 
Five tips to prevent knee pain: Don't let a knee injury hold you back as the early season miles ramp up this s... 
Velo Magazine — March 2015: The March 2015 issue of Velo magazine is the WorldTour preview issue.
The March is... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Andrea Guardini’s 49cm Specialized Venge: Andrea Guardini, Astana's top sprinter, has alread... 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 3: 

GC standings get shaken up in Qatar as a short individual time trial challe... 
Technical FAQ: Wet riding, shock pressure, gear compatibility: One reader found a creative way to seal his sea... 
Wiggins: ‘No rainbow curse’: Bradley Wiggins (Team Sky) bristled at the notion of a rainbow jersey curse after... 
Peraud admits to poor form ahead of season debut: Jean-Christophe Péraud (Ag2r La Mondiale) helped return Fren... 
Video: GCN investigates the effectiveness of winter base miles: Global Cycling Network investigates the effect... 
Gallery: On the start line at the Tour of Qatar: The Tour of Qatar was hit by another sand storm on Tuesday as... 
2015: Neo-Pros You Need To Know: A new season brings some new faces to the Pro peloton, so Gordan Cameron has ... 
Movistar bets on its youth movement to fill void at top of Spanish peloton: JJ Lobato celebrated his stage 2 w... 
Ulissi to ride the Tour of the Basque Country after Salbutamol ban: The Lampre-Merida team has announced that ... 
Toolbox: Outdoor Workouts Indoors: It is now several months into indoor trainer season for many northern cycli... 
WIN: VIP Grandstand Seats at Le Tour in Paris!: Here's your chance to win two Grandstand seats on the Champs E... 
Final Stage Details of Women’s Tour 2015: The article Final Stage Details of Women’s Tour 2015 appeared first ... 
Wearing white jersey, Sagan poised to challenge Qatar GC: Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) kept his wits about him t... 
Shirt week! How to buy 2015 women’s team kits: I do love my traditions, and one of them is running an early se... 
Wiggins looks forward to life after the road: After a bumpy ride in stage 2 of the Tour of Qatar, Bradley Wigg... 
Direction le soleil ! ……: Après un passage, dimanche, en Haute-Marne où son compagnon, Vincent Luis, a remport... 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 2: 

A sandstorm tears apart the field at Tour of Qatar, and a select group spri... 
Video: Scoping out new tech at Dubai Tour: Walk the Dubai Tour pits with GCN and Caley Fretz to see what new g... 
Photo Essay: bpost Bank Trofee — Lille: 

The bpost Bank Trofee series comes to a close in Lille over the week... 
Kristoff rides into Tour of Qatar lead with stage 2 win: The Katusha rider claims victory and now leads the ov... 
Power2Max Type S Power Meter Review: With more and more power monitors appearing on the market each year, the ... 
News shorts: Cobbles 'not another world,' says Quintana: Quintana: The cobbles aren’t another world  
Nairo Qu... 
EuroTrash Rohan Monday!: Feb 09, 2015 - Rohan Dennis has set a new Hour Record adding over half a kilometer, w... 
Bradley Wiggins wants plenty of preparation before tackling hour record: Bradley Wiggins wants to have plenty ... 
Jose Joaquin Rojas wins opener at 2015 Tour of Qatar:  Joaquin Rojas wins stage 1 to take the first leader's j... 
Rohan Dennis sets world hour record of 52.491km: Rohan Dennis en route to a new hour record. Photo: AFP
Rohan ... 
Matthias Brandle says hour record made a name for him, brought respect: 

Matthias Brändle says setting the ho... 
Podcast 2015 Episode 1 – Happy Birthday Pauline: Hi everybody and welcome to 2015! It’s kind of the season but... 
National Road team announced for 2015 African Continental Championships (RSA): National Road team announced fo... 
Pez Bookshelf: Kittel’s Vittles Revealed in Tour de Cuisine!: It is said that Tour de France cyclists consume ... 
Videos &amp; more from the 2015 Ladies Tour of Qatar: That was a weird edition of the Ladies Tour of Qatar…  no Ki... 
Gallery: 2015 Dubai Tour, stage 4: Mark Cavendish wins the final stage and takes the overall at the Dubai Tour... 
Bradley Wiggins is in it to win it as Tour of Qatar gears up: Stage 3 in the Tour of Qatar will give Bradley W... 
Shelley Olds motivated for 2015 as Bigla pushes her to new level: Shelley Olds is motivated for the 2015 seaso... 
2016 world roads course to take in windy countryside, cobbled city streets: The world road championships are c... 
Moolman-Pasio Wins National Title: Moolman-Pasio Wins National TitleMoolman-Pasio Wins National Title Ashleigh... 
Mathieu van der Poel, Sanne Cant win Bpost Bank Trofee finale in Lille: Mathieu van der Poel wins one wearing ... 
Top Ride: Gran Fondo Damiano Cunego!: As part of our stay with Garda Bike Hotel for the Pez 10th Anniversary, ... 
Janse van Rensburg claims SA Road Champs gold: Janse van Rensburg claims SA Road Champs gold2015 SA Road Champ... 
Mark Cavendish bounces back in Dubai, wins finale, takes overall: Mark Cavendish wins the final stage in  Duba... 
Rohan Dennis Hour Record Attempt Live!: This could be the coolest Hour Record attempt ever, because it will su... 
Video: The pros give their take on the sock length debate: Global Cycling Network has the scoop on which pros ... 
Gallery: Specialized headquarters tour: 

Specialized headquarters houses decades worth of pro bikes, concept ... 
Commentary: A letter to the UCI president: UCI president Brian Cookson is under increasing scrutiny to take a ... 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 3: 

Atop the final climb to Hatta Dam, Degenkolb proves to be strongest and fastes... 
Armitstead clinches Ladies Tour of Qatar: Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) won the Ladies Tour of Qatar, a fi... 
Degenkolb jumps into Dubai Tour lead after winning stage 3: John Degenkolb out-climbed the peloton in the stee... 
Lizzie Armitstead seals Ladies Tour of Qatar Victory with Stage Win: The article Lizzie Armitstead seals Ladie... 
Dennis, Dekker up next in hour record race: Rohan Dennis will try to break the hour record Sunday in Switzerla... 
PEZ Talk: Derek Hunt: Derek Hunt was born a star bike rider: Top UK schoolboy and junior and then straight off... 
Europcar continues their invaluable support for South African Cycling: Europcar continues their invaluable sup... 
The race must go on: L’Etoile de Besseges continues despite protest: Roy Jans
(Wanty-Groupe Gobert) won stage ... 
Armitstead plots cycling domination: Flanders and worlds wins: Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) is on track f... 
Reviewed: The versatile Lazer Z1 helmet: The Lazer Z1 sports loads of vents. Low weight, a secure retention sy... 
Valentina Scandolara’s video diaries: I’ve always really loved riders’ social media, and how we get such inter... 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 2: 

Sky's Elia Vivani wins his first sprint of the season ahead of Mark Cavendish,... 
Video: 10 ways to stay healthy and avoid illness: Global Cycling Network has 10 tips to help you stay healthy ... 
Ask a Mechanic: Rear shifting issues after wheel swaps: 

Art’s Cyclery discusses what goes wrong when a rear ... 
Armitstead sprints into lead at Ladies Tour of Qatar: Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) won stage 3 of the Lad... 
Crosswinds and crashes – Stage Three at Ladies Tour of Qatar: The article Crosswinds and crashes – Stage Three... 
Sagan poised to start 2015 season under monumental pressure: Peter Sagan has been close, but he's yet to win a... 
PEZ Talk: Greg Van Avermaet: Rider Interview: Greg Van Avermaet has come so close to the big win in the cobble... 
Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio Earns First Victory Of The Season: Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio Earns First Victory Of The Se... 
EuroTrash Dubai Thursday!: The men are racing in Dubai and Bessèges and the women in Qatar this week, we have ... 
In the News: Van Aert defends bike choice after worlds: After the first lap of racing in Tabor at cyclocross w... 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 1: 

Cavendish claims the first day of Dubai Tour in a fast sprint finish, won by a... 
2015 Tour of the Mediterranean cancelled: Stephen Cummings won the 2014 edition of the Tour of the Mediterrane... 
‘Impressive’ racing in Ladies Tour of Qatar: Briton Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) enjoyed a day of action-... 
Van Dijk wins stage 2 in Qatar, grabs golden jersey: Ellen Van Dijk seizes the overall lead at Ladies Tour of ... 
Explosive Stage Two at Ladies Tour of Qatar: The article Explosive Stage Two at Ladies Tour of Qatar appeared ... 
Boswell wants a crack at the Tour of California: Ian Boswell (left) and Bernhard Eisel at work. Photo: Tim De ... 
Jan Bakelants hopes for fresh start with Ag2r: Jan Bakelants is hoping to parlay his versatility into more rac... 
2014’s Top Women … And What They’ll Do Next: After a very exciting World cyclo-cross championships battle at t... 
James Reid wins Trans Hajar Mountain Bike Race: James Reid wins Trans Hajar Mountain Bike RaceJames Reid wins ... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Motivation!: I’ve been sat here mulling over potential topics for this week’s Lowdown with my b... 
The 2015 cycling season according to Bronzini: Italian Giorgia Bronzini (Wiggle-Honda) is kicking off her seas... 
Un nouveau maillot « arc en ciel » pour Pauline !: « CHAMPIONNE DU MONDE DE CYCLO-CROSS »   Quelques mois aprè... 
North American group joins CPA Pro Riders Union: Lucas Euser (UnitedHealthcare) serves on the board of directo... 
Olds begins 2015 season with a bang in Qatar: Shelly Olds started off her 2015 season with a top-five finish a... 
Annalisa Cucinotta wins Ladies Tour of Qatar, stage 1: Alé-Cipollini's Cucinotta wins a bunch sprint on the fi... 
Paris-Nice 2015 to feature two time trials: Paris-Nice 2015 will offer a mountaintop finish midway through the... 
Great Day for Alé Cipollini at the Ladies Tour of Qatar: Sun… Check! Sand… Check! Wind… Ch…. Who forgot the wi... 
Technical FAQ: Brand compatibility and cracked carbon posts: Stages power meters are available on several cran... 
Froome takes motivation out of 2014 setbacks: Chris Froome is looking forward to starting his season later thi... 
Gallery: 2015 UCI cyclocross worlds, U-23 and elite men: 

BrakeThrough Media captures the elite men’s and und... 
2015 Paris-Nice route announced: 2015 Paris-Nice route announced2015 Paris-Nice route announced Running from S... 
Sarah interviews… Tiffany Cromwell and Loren Rowney in Qatar!  Podcast 2015, episode 4: It’s the first big roa... 
Toolbox: USA Cycling’s Beginning Racer Program: Chances are if you are reading this you race bikes. You may be... 
Ladies Tour of Qatar helps Doha’s 2024 Olympic bid: Sheikh Khalid Bin Ali Al Thani, the president of Qatar's c... 
Photo Essay: 2015 cyclocross worlds: juniors, recon, and elite women: 

The first day of 'cross worlds offered... 
How to watch the 2015 Ladies Tour of Qatar Live!  Or at least, we hope…: So the 2015 Ladies Tour of Qatar star... 
Ag2r presents 2015 team, hopes to bolster classics squad: Ag2r La Mondiale's Romain Bardet had a breakout seas... 
Videos from the 2015 Cyclocross World Championships: I think my heart-rate has just about slowed down after Sa... 
Julian Kyer Journal: Trust the struggle: Instead of mixing it up at team camp this winter, Kyer is home sick w... 
What happened when team age restrictions were lifted?: Rules can be abstract things, read in isolation, they c... 
Outlier: CrossVegas will be the first U.S. cyclocross World Cup: Over the years, CrossVegas has attracted larg... 
ALÉ BikeWear KLIMATIK Kit Review: Newcomer ALÉ BikeWear's Klimatik line of cold and wet weather riding gear im... 
Evans closes career at inaugural race that bears his name: Cadel Evans said farewell to the peloton on Sunday.... 
With youth movement at hand, cyclocross’ future looks bright: Mathieu van der Poel sliced through the mud to w... 
Smit solos to victory at Serengeti Classic Road race: Smit solos to victory at Serengeti Classic Road race Smi... 
Lakata, Suss claim hard fought Ashburton Investments series opener titles: Lakata, Suss claim hard fought Ashb... 
EuroTrash World Cross Monday!: Can't complain that there is no racing now! World cross champs, Mallorca, Cadel... 
Mathee and Hoffman take 30th Herald victories: Mathee and Hoffman take 30th Herald victoriesMathee and Hoffman... 
Matteo Pelucchi wins finale of 2015 Mallorca Challenge: Matteo Pelucchi takes his second victory of this year'... 
Gallery: 2015 UCI cyclocross worlds, elite men: The podium. Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Tim De... 
Results: 2015 UCI cyclocross worlds, elite men and U23: Results from the elite and U23 races at the 2015 UCI C... 
Mathieu Van der Poel solos to elite men’s world ‘cross crown: Mathieu Van der Poel soloed to victory on Sunday... 
Michael Vanthourenhout wins under-23 title at world CX championships: Michael Vanthourenhout on his way to win... 
PEZ Bookshelf: Major Taylor: Our Toolbox training expert, John Howard, has turned his hand to a bit of book re... 
Fourth is as good as gold for Gage Hecht at 2015 cyclocross worlds: Gage Hecht just missed the podium, but he ... 
Jack Bobridge falls just short of hour record in Australia: Jack Bobridge said attempting the hour record was ... 
Alejandro Valverde wins round 3 at Mallorca Challenge: Alejandro Valverde opens his victory account for 2015. ... 
Dethroning Vos: A student outshines her teacher: The student has become the master ... for now. Photo: Tim De ... 
Gallery: 2015 world CX championships, women: Pauline Ferrand-Prevot takes the title from Sanne Cant. Photo: Ti... 
Results: 2015 UCI Cyclocross World Championships, junior men and women: Elite women and juniors results from t... 
Simon Andreassen wins junior worlds title; American Gage Hecht misses podium: Simon Andreassen and Eli Iserbyt... 
PEZ Talk: Aaron Olson: He was a big winner in the US, rode two Giros for two different Division One teams and ... 
Week in Tech: Cyclocross worlds and new Shimano power meter: Belgian riders Wout van Aert and Rob Peeters rece... 
How to watch the 2015 Cyclocross World Championships – LIVE!: 
It’s Worlds time!  It’s so tempting to point to... 
Two North American cyclocross World Cup races slated for 2015: Sven Nys won CrossVegas 2014. With the 2015-201... 
Video: GCN’s Alberto Contador interview: Alberto Contador talks to Global Cycling Network about his favorite r... 
Jeep Team's top MTB athletes set for national MTB season opener: Jeep Team's top MTB athletes set for national... 
Cummings shocks Valverde on second day in Mallorca: Stephen Cummings (MTN-Qhubeka) won the second day of the M... 
Interview: Tom Meeusen hopes troubles are behind him: Tom Meeusen said his season didn't quite live up to his ... 
Video: Cyclocross, a Belgian experience: Each year, USA Cycling brings young cyclocross athletes overseas to g... 
Franzoi faces racing ban related to Ferrari links: Enrico Franzoi has one world title and several national tit... 
Meet Movistar’s latest weapon: Juanjo Lobato: Juanjo Lobato won the second stage of the Tour Down Under last w... 
3Mountains MTB Challenge an Epic alternative: 3Mountains MTB Challenge an Epic alternative3Mountains MTB Chall... 
Readers’ Rigs: Swift Ultravox TI: Today's Readers' Rig comes all the way from Australia and is a brand that ma... 
Beneke gets shown the UK roads: Beneke gets shown the UK roadsBeneke gets shown the UK roads Team Raleigh GAC'... 
Cycling on TV: U.S. viewers may see more, eventually: For many years, online streaming has been the only way f... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at 2015 cyclocross worlds: Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Global Cyclin... 
Gallery: A look inside pro mechanics’ toolboxes: 

Pro wrenches make the cyclocross world go 'round. Here's a ... 
Belgians will be tough to beat in U-23, junior ‘cross worlds: Belgian national champion Laurens Sweek will lik... 
Golden opportunity: Women’s ‘cross worlds there for the taking: This year's world cyclocross championships in ... 
Giro Rosa 2015 to include long, challenging time trial: The article Giro Rosa 2015 to include long, challengin... 
Matteo Pelucchi wins Mallorca opener: Matteo Pelucchi (IAM Cycling) won the first day of the Challenge Ciclist... 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: A taste of Tour cobbles: The 2015 Paris-Roubaix route is identical to the 2013 edition of ... 
Tour champion Nibali’s 2015 campaign starts in Dubai: The Dubai Tour's inaugural edition, held in 2014, was wo... 
Ask a Mechanic: Overhauling Shimano hubs: Art’s Cyclery explains the process for disassembling, adjusting, and... 
PEZ Talk: Katusha’s Marco Haller: Rider Interview: Marco Haller is starting his fourth professional season and... 
« SACRES DU SPORT »… Le prix du public pour Pauline:   La troisième édition des « sacres du sport » avait lieu... 
Welcome to the All New Velofocus: Women’s cycling is cool! The racing is thrilling, the setting often breathta... 
Mark Cavendish and Mark Renshaw To Race Cape Town Cycle Tour: Mark Cavendish and Mark Renshaw To Race Cape Tow... 
EuroTrash Lance Thursday!: Jan 29, 2015 - No racing to report on, but we have an incredibly full EuroTrash. La... 
Bestmed-ASG announces 2015 roster: Bestmed-ASG announces 2015 rosterBestmed-ASG announces 2015 roster With fou... 
Team Jeep announces formidable squad for 2015: Team Jeep announces formidable squad for 2015Team Jeep announce... 
UCI to host inaugural Women’s Teams Seminar: A day after the inaugural women's Strade Bianche race, the UCI wi... 
Video: Peter Sagan’s Specialized S-Works Venge: Global Cycling Network takes a close look at Peter Sagan's new... 
Un planning très chargé…: A peine a-t-elle eu le temps de savourer son podium lors de la coupe du monde d’Hoog... 
Find your approach: Eight ways to get in solid winter training: As a pro 'cross racer who also works for Strav... 
Changing the Business Model: Rethinking pro cycling’s governance: Often regarded as the true power broker in t... 
Valverde kicks off 2015 race season in Mallorca: Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) will kick off the 2015 race sea... 
Teams lining up to sign Colombian sprinter Fernando Gaviria: Fernando Gaviria (right) beat Mark Cavendish twic... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Cycling In The Smog: Today Lee Rodgers looks at a problem close to his heart, or more so his lu... 
Tech: Mark Cavendish's Specialized S-Works Venge: Tech: Mark Cavendish's Specialized S-Works Venge2015 race bi... 
VeloNews seeking an Editor in Chief, based in Boulder, Colorado: Like any job — but perhaps amplified — cyclin... 
Video: Tinkoff-Saxo present 2015 team issue Specialized Tarmac bike: Video: Tinkoff-Saxo present 2015 team iss... 
Craddock heading home after nasty TDU crash: Giant-Alpecin's Lawson Craddock crashed hard in stage 4 of the To... 
Andreu willing to cooperate with whistleblower suit against Armstrong: Andreu willing to cooperate with whistl... 
Gallery: Limited-edition Eddy Merckx Eddy70: To celebrate Merckx's 70th birthday, his bicycle brand is unveili... 
SRAM Red wireless electronic group details discovered: SRAM Red wireless electronic group details discoveredEl... 
In the News: Armstrong says ex-dopers should talk to CIRC: Lance Armstrong says he doesn't feel that UCI presi... 
UCI investigating allegations against Zorzoli: UCI investigating allegations against Zorzoli Scientific Adviso... 
Carmen Small Journal: My first track race: Carmen Small (third wheel) helped her U.S. team ride to third place... 
2015 Tour of Qatar to host star-studded field: Etixx-Quick-Step's Nikki Terpstra will return to the Tour of Qa... 
Wiggins set to debut rainbow jersey at Tour of Qatar: Wiggins set to debut rainbow jersey at Tour of Qatar18 t... 
Roman Kreuziger’s highs and lows: Although Kreuziger is cleared to race, a pending biological passport case ap... 
Armstrong critical of UCI president Brian Cookson: Armstrong critical of UCI president Brian Cookson Disgraced... 
Technical FAQ: Cracked carbon seatposts and more: Harry’s cracked carbon seatpost.Lennard Zinn addresses quest... 
The Quiet Man speaks: Kevin Pauwels (Sunweb-Napoleon Games) won his second cyclocross World Cup title in the 2... 
Meeusen and Sweeck named in Belgium squad for World Cyclo-cross Championships: Meeusen and Sweeck named in Bel... 
Niki Terpstra Gets PEZ’d: Rider Interview: Niki Terpstra is a man of many facets: twice World champion in the ... 
Paul Smith designs Dubai Tour jerseys: Paul Smith designs Dubai Tour jerseysNibali, Cavendish and Gilbert in a... 
Team Sky set for Tour de Langkawi debut: Team Sky set for Tour de Langkawi debutDeignan and Pate on provisiona... 
Toolbox: Cold Weather Cycling: Late January is typically the depths of winter in the northern hemisphere, so m... 
Ladies Tour of Qatar announces 2015 teams: Ladies Tour of Qatar announces 2015 teamsFour-time champion Kirsten... 
Video: Tiffany Cromwell video diary - part one: Video: Tiffany Cromwell video diary - part oneFirst of the sea... 
Gallery: Another custom bike for Evans: Gallery: Another custom bike for EvansBMC rider given special teammach... 
Fifteen teams set to contest Ladies Tour of Qatar: The Ladies Tour of Qatar will host four days of racing  in ... 
Clarke to lead Orica-GreenEdge at Herald Sun Tour: Clarke to lead Orica-GreenEdge at Herald Sun TourDefending ... 
Armstrong says he’d cheat again: Speaking to the BBC, Armstrong said, "If you take me back to 1995, when dopin... 
Gallery: Marianne Vos and Rabo Liv head into season with confidence: Gallery: Marianne Vos and Rabo Liv head i... 
Gallery: Edvald Boasson Hagen's MTN-Qhubeka Cervélo S5: Gallery: Edvald Boasson Hagen's MTN-Qhubeka Cervélo S5... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 7: The final day of Tour de San Luis offered a fast sprint finish that saw Ma... 
Limitless: Rohan Dennis’ 2013 Alberta win threw the doors wide open: Rohan Dennis' win in the 2013 Tour of Alb... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 6: Tour de San Luis' penultimate day challenges the peloton with a 4,167-foot... 
UCI delays new rankings system after catching heat: Rohan Dennis leads the UCI rankings after winning the Tour... 
See Me!  Sugoi’s Zap &amp; Limar’s Velov: Limar’s Velov Helmet &amp; Sugoi’s new Zap Reflective Jacket are a couple of... 
Aussies to UCI: Keep the Tour Down Under in January: Richie Porte is "humbled" by the number of fans at the To... 
Un nouveau podium pour Pauline lors de la dernière manche de la coupe du Monde: C’est à Hoogerheide (Pays Bas)... 
African Track Champs a resounding success: African Track Champs a resounding successAfrican Track Champs a res... 
Pauwels and Cant secure UCI Cyclo-cross World Cup elite titles: Pauwels and Cant secure UCI Cyclo-cross World ... 
EuroTrash Cav Monday!: Big catch-up time with four days of racing from the Tour Down Under and San Luis, plus ... 
Gibbons and Burger win the Value Logistics Fast One.: Gibbons and Burger win the Value Logistics Fast One. Rya... 
UCI Cyclo Cross World Cup - Final Round Hoogerheide: UCI Cyclo Cross World Cup - Final Round HoogerheideUCI Cy... 
Tour de San Luis victory not a sure ticket to higher level for Díaz: Tour de San Luis victory not a sure ticke... 
Diaz wins Tour de San Luis, Cavendish claims stage 7: Mark Cavendish (Etixx-Quick-Step) won the final stage of... 
Video: Jeremy Roy avoids the crashes at the Tour Down Under: Video: Jeremy Roy avoids the crashes at the Tour ... 
Results: 2014-15 UCI Cyclocross World Cup-Hoogerheide: Results from the final round of the UCI Cyclocross Worl... 
Gallery: Synergy Baku training in Spain: Gallery: Synergy Baku training in SpainAzerbaijan team looking for Ol... 
UCI back tracks on ranking and points system for 2015: UCI back tracks on ranking and points system for 2015Pr... 
Kevin Pauwels, Sanne Cant claim UCI World Cup titles: Kevin Pauwels and Sanne Cant claim their UCI World Cup c... 
Rohan Dennis confirms title at Santos Tour Down Under: Rohan Dennis celebrates the final victory. Photo: Tim D... 
Evans says goodbye to the Tour Down Under: Evans says goodbye to the Tour Down UnderAustralian prepares for an... 
PEZ Down Under: The Big Finalé: David Pearce has come to the end of his Tour Down Under adventure with the fin... 
Video: Tour Down Under stage six highlights: Video: Tour Down Under stage six highlightsDennis seals overall v... 
Pez Bookshelf: The Fast Times of Albert Champion: With the vast flood of books reaching the Pez library, it wa... 
Wippert claims biggest win of young career: Wippert claims biggest win of young careerFirst Tour Down Under st... 
Gallery: Bora-Argon 18 train in Spain: Gallery: Bora-Argon 18 train in SpainGerman Pro Continental team will c... 
Quintana satisfied with third overall in San Luis: Quintana satisfied with third overall in San LuisColombian ... 
Kleber Da Silva wins stage 6 at Tour de San Luis; Dani Diaz holds lead: Kleber Da Silva wins the queen stage o... 
Gerrans joins Orica-GreenEdge for training camp in Alicante: Gerrans joins Orica-GreenEdge for training camp i... 
Modolo builds for Milan-San Remo in Argentina: Modolo builds for Milan-San Remo in ArgentinaItalian welcomes V... 
Pauwels and Cant look to secure World Cup titles in Hoogerheide: Pauwels and Cant look to secure World Cup tit... 
Orica-GreenEdge aim to finish Tour Down Under with a stage win: Orica-GreenEdge aim to finish Tour Down Under ... 
Roman Kreuziger says polygraph supports claims of innocence: Roman Kreuziger wins the Amstel Gold Race. Photo:... 
Bouhanni: I want to win as much as possible: Bouhanni: I want to win as much as possibleCofidis hoping for 20 ... 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 5: Results from stage 5 of the 2015 Santos Tour Down UnderThe post... 
Voigt and Meares named as Tour Down Under ambassadors: Voigt and Meares named as Tour Down Under ambassadorsTw... 
Gallery: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 5: Richie Porte and Rohan Dennis went toe to toe on Willunga Hill.... 
Richie Porte wins on Willunga Hill, just misses lead at Tour Down Under: Richie Porte en route to victory for ... 
PEZ Down Under: Porte Pushes Hard!: A desperate attack by pre-race favorite Richie Porte saw him steal the que... 
Renshaw ready to team up with Cavendish for 2015 sprints: Renshaw ready to team up with Cavendish for 2015 spr... 
Kreuziger claims a lie detector test shows he did not dope: Kreuziger claims a lie detector test shows he did ... 
Video: Tour Down Under stage five highlights: Video: Tour Down Under stage five highlightsPorte conquers Willu... 
Dennis on cusp of Tour Down Under victory: Dennis on cusp of Tour Down Under victoryBMC rider holds two second... 
Porte repeats on Willunga Hill: Porte repeats on Willunga HillTeam Sky rider moves into second overall
By Zeb ... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 5: A familiar face took the win in the Tour de San Luis' fifth stage, a 17.4k... 
Kwiatkowski feels his way into new campaign at Tour de San Luis: Kwiatkowski feels his way into new campaign a... 
Deja vu: Malori wins Tour de San Luis time trial: Movistar's Adriano Malori succeeds again in Tour de San Luis... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Mark Cavendish’s Specialized Venge: Cavendish is aboard a special team bike for his first ra... 
Paolini goes the distance at the Tour de San Luis: Paolini goes the distance at the Tour de San Luis“My object... 
News shorts: Winston-Salem eyed as USOC cycling training site: News shorts: Winston-Salem eyed as USOC cycling... 
Gallery: Santos Tour Down Under, stage 4: Steele Von Hoff takes sprint favorites to the mat in a stage 4 final... 
18 teams announced for 2015 Tour of California: 18 teams announced for 2015 Tour of CaliforniaDrapac, MTN-Qhub... 
Amgen Tour of California announces 2015 teams: Peter Sagan will return to the Tour of California in 2015, hopi... 
Landis: LeMond’s anti-doping stance on Lance Armstrong lacks consistency: Landis: LeMond’s anti-doping stance ... 
PEZ Down Under: With The Fans: There are many things that make the Tour Down Under one of the best World Tour ... 
Video: GCN race report, Tour Down Under, stage 4: Steele Von Hoff (UniSa) won stage 4 of the Tour Down Under. ... 
Meeusen must be allowed in World Championship, court decides: Meeusen must be allowed in World Championship, c... 
MTN-Qhubeka receives first-time invite to Tour of California: MTN-Qhubeka receives first-time invite to Tour o... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 4: Daniel Diaz rides alone to victory on Alto el Amago in stage 4 of the Tour... 
BMC re-signs Samuel Sánchez: BMC re-signs Samuel SánchezSpaniard rescued from retirement
By Cycling News. Janu... 
Video: POV footage from Tour Down Under crash: Ride onboard with Jérémy Roy as he narrowly avoids a crash at t... 
Dennis shows off his Tour de France potential Down Under: Rohan Dennis (right) leads teammate Cadel Evans by 7... 
National road team announced for La Tropicale Amissa Bongo (GABON): National road team announced for La Tropic... 
Athlete Octane will return as Alto Velo-Seasucker in 2015: Athlete Octane will return as Alto Velo-Seasucker i... 
Movistar's Fernández ready to ensure continuity in Spanish cycling: Movistar's Fernández ready to ensure conti... 
Tour Down Under crash update: Craddock breaks sternum, Manzin, Porte and others down: Tour Down Under crash up... 
PEZ Talk: Jeremy Powers: Jeremy Powers (Rapha-FOCUS) recently retained his National Cross Champion’s jersey as... 
Porte survives late crash at Tour Down Under: Porte survives late crash at Tour Down UnderTeam Sky leader rema... 
Video: Highlights of von Hoff's victory on stage 4 of the Tour Down Under: Video: Highlights of von Hoff's vic... 
BMC hold onto overall lead ahead of Willunga Hill: BMC hold onto overall lead ahead of Willunga HillTeam avoid... 
UniSA continues to punch above its weight at the Tour Down Under: UniSA continues to punch above its weight at... 
Hoffman and Matthee shine at African Track Champs: Hoffman and Matthee shine at African Track ChampsCycling So... 
News Shorts: Final teams named for Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race: News Shorts: Final teams named for Cadel... 
Oss aiming for return to Italian team at World Championships: Oss aiming for return to Italian team at World C... 
Tour de San Luis: Quintana remaining calm: Tour de San Luis: Quintana remaining calmMovistar leader sits in fo... 
Bouet hopes bad luck is behind him: Bouet hopes bad luck is behind himEtixx-QuickStep's new recruit fourth on ... 
‘Cross nationals postponement cost over $250,000, according to survey: A recently-published survey attempts to... 
Week in Tech: Aero helmets, Ohlins shocks, and a titanium commuter: Enter to win this limited-edition Bunditz.... 
UCI suspends Zorzoli from anti-doping work: UCI suspends Zorzoli from anti-doping workLeinders considers himse... 
Evans and Dennis put BMC on the front foot in Tour Down Under: Evans and Dennis put BMC on the front foot in T... 
Postponement of US 'cross nationals cost riders over $250,000: Postponement of US 'cross nationals cost riders... 
News shorts: 16 teams for Critérium International, Horner shows off Airgas-Safeway wheels: News shorts: 16 tea... 
Bernaudeau confident Europcar team will survive: Bernaudeau confident Europcar team will surviveEuropcar boss ... 
Reviewed: Four long-sleeve jerseys: Bontrager's RXL long-sleeve jersey is our favorite piece from this round-u... 
Sky welcomes lifetime ban of Leinders: Sky welcomes lifetime ban of LeindersUCI makes no comment on Zorzoli al... 
Dowsett postpones hour-record attempt: Alex Dowsett's hour-record attempt has been postponed after a crash tha... 
Rasmussen testimony implicates Mario Zorzoli, UCI’s chief medical officer: Mario Zorzoli is implicated in the ... 
PEZ Talk: Tejay van Garderen: Rider Interview: Tejay van Garderen is entering his eighth year in the professio... 
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 3: Rohan Dennis snatches the overall race lead from Jack Bobridge in a furious... 
Dowsett's hour record attempt postponed: Dowsett's hour record attempt postponedAttempting record could compro... 
Video: GCN race report, Tour Down Under, stage 3: Cadel Evans (BMC Racing) and Richie Porte (Team Sky) initiat... 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 3: Full results from the third stage of racing at the Santos Tour ... 
Bobridge, Dennis gear up for hour record at Tour Down Under: Jack Bobridge lost the leader's jersey to Rohan D... 
Leinders handed life-time ban by USADA for doping offences: Leinders handed life-time ban by USADA for doping ... 
Dennis surges ahead of teammate Evans to win Tour Down Under stage 3: Rohan Dennis attacked in the closing met... 
PEZ Down Under: Team Car Action!: Stage three of the Santos Tour Down Under saw PEZ man in Australia, David Pe... 
Swift targets Milan-San Remo and Yorkshire success: Swift targets Milan-San Remo and Yorkshire successBriton b... 
Sabatini finally aboard the Cavendish train: Sabatini finally aboard the Cavendish trainItalian on life at Eti... 
Haig on target at Tour Down Under: Haig on target at Tour Down UnderUniSA-Australia rider fights to fifth over... 
Video: Highlights of Dennis' victory on stage 3 of the Tour Down Under: Video: Highlights of Dennis' victory o... 
Dombrowski enjoys early test at Tour de San Luis: Dombrowski enjoys early test at Tour de San LuisAmerican on ... 
EuroTrash Down Under Thursday!: The season is off and we have race reports, quotes and video from Australia an... 
Dennis takes first win of BMC career: Dennis takes first win of BMC careerAustralian takes overall race lead a... 
Cavendish pays tribute to Gaviria’s track speed: Cavendish pays tribute to Gaviria’s track speedLead-out hesit... 
LeMond on Armstrong: ‘If anybody deserves a lifetime ban, it’s this guy’: Greg LeMond and Lance Armstrong at t... 
Cannondale-Garmin with cards to play at the Tour Down Under, says Howes: Cannondale-Garmin with cards to play ... 
Tsgabu Grmay leading the African charge at Tour Down Under: Tsgabu Grmay leading the African charge at Tour Do... 
LeMond: Armstrong deserves lifetime doping ban: LeMond: Armstrong deserves lifetime doping banAmerican Tour wi... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 3: Fernando Gaviria wins another fast finish in Argentina, getting the best o... 
Carl Decker Journal: The Austin debacle: Another Fountain of Youth at #CXNots. Photo: Carl DeckerDecker looks ... 
Tour de Langkawi announce agressive route for 2015: Tour de Langkawi announce agressive route for 2015Race sho... 
Gaviria great again at Tour de San Luis: Colombia's Fernando Gaviria wins his second sprint stage in Argentina... 
Velo Magazine — Buyer’s Guide 2015: If you're gearing up for spring riding, pick up a copy of the 2015 Velo Bu... 
Video: Q&amp;A with Rolf Aldag: Video: Q&amp;A with Rolf AldagEtixx-QuickStep DS talks first bike, heroes, doping and ... 
Video: GCN race report, Tour Down Under, stage 2: Global Cycling Network recaps the second stage of the Tour D... 
Gallery: Nibali and Astana show off their 2015 colours: Gallery: Nibali and Astana show off their 2015 colours... 
Injured Pozzovivo still optimistic for TDU success: Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r-La Mondiale) is riding the Tour D... 
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 2: Movistar's Lobato comes correct on a hilly run to Stirling in the second da... 
De Gendt aims to bring Tour Down Under mountains jersey home: De Gendt aims to bring Tour Down Under mountains... 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 2: Results from the second stage of racing at the season-opening r... 
Meeusen to take legal action after Worlds exclusion: Meeusen to take legal action after Worlds exclusionBelgia... 
Leon Sanchez thankful for second chance with Astana: Doping questions have dogged Luis Leon Sanchez in recent ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 2: The first major day of climbing in Argentina sees 2013 race winner Da... 
Lobato snatches stage 2 win at Tour Down Under: Juan Jose Lobato sprinted to a victory in Australia on Wednesd... 
PEZ Down Under: The Day Of The Joey!: Day three of David Pearce's Australian adventure takes in stage 2 of the... 
Impey focused on overall success at the Tour Down Under: Impey focused on overall success at the Tour Down Und... 
DMA expands to second site in Muldersdrift: DMA expands to second site in Muldersdrift  Diepsloot Mountain Bik... 
Video: Dennis talks about his Hour Record attempt: Video: Dennis talks about his Hour Record attemptAustralian... 
Tour de Yorkshire route revealed: Tour de Yorkshire route revealedNew three-day race includes a women's criter... 
Hansen: Greipel's absence puts pressure on Lotto-Soudal at Tour Down Under: Hansen: Greipel's absence puts pre... 
Voeckler says finding new sponsor will not be a solo act: Voeckler says finding new sponsor will not be a solo... 
Video: Highlights from Lobato's win on stage two of the Tour Down Under: Video: Highlights from Lobato's win o... 
Lee’s Lowdown: War!: War drives technology, as evidenced by the device I’m using to write this article on and ... 
Ascendis Health to showcase brands in action with announcement of new sponsorship: Ascendis Health to showcase... 
Lobato continues Movistar's love affair with Australia: Lobato continues Movistar's love affair with Australia... 
Flakemore breaks collarbone in post-race crash: Flakemore breaks collarbone in post-race crashIncident occurre... 
Pantano ready to step up after joining IAM Cycling: Pantano ready to step up after joining IAM CyclingTour de ... 
Giant, Bontrager and Suomy reveal new helmets: Giant, Bontrager and Suomy reveal new helmetsTour Down Under sh... 
Quintana: I’m only at 50 percent of my condition: Quintana: I’m only at 50 percent of my conditionColombian un... 
Velo Magazine — February 2015: Take a look at the ever-changing sport of cycling: Morton's journey within, Phi... 
Argentine Diaz wins one for host country in San Luis stage 2: The 2013 winner of Tour de San Luis flexes his c... 
PEZ Down Under: The race Hits The Road!: After his lesurly start to the first WorldTour race of 2015, David Pe... 
Santos Women's Tour news shorts: Scandolara asks for more women's coverage: Santos Women's Tour news shorts: S... 
National Ultra Endurance Series announces 2015 calendar: National Ultra Endurance Series announces 2015 calend... 
News shorts: Dowsett training again, IAM Cycling change jerseys: News shorts: Dowsett training again, IAM Cycl... 
Valentina Scandolara wins Santos Women’s Tour: Orica-AIS dominates home race in first-ever running of the four... 
Video: GCN race report, Tour Down Under, stage 1: Global Cycling Network's recap of the first day of action in... 
Gallery: Santos Tour Down Under, stage 1: Bobridge is best in first day of Tour Down Under, gambling with a fo... 
Bora-Argon 18 aims to improve in second Milan-San Remo start: Bora-Argon 18 aims to improve in second Milan-Sa... 
Giro 2015: Colombia in the cold: Team Colombia netted two second places at the 2014 Giro d'Italia, but was not... 
Nathan Haas looking to take next steps at Tour Down Under: Nathan Haas (Cannondale-Garmin) came close to the T... 
Results: Tour Down Under, stage 1: Tour Down Under kicks off with a breakaway win for Jack BobridgeThe post Re... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 1: The Argentine stage race kicks off with a sprint finish that sees a young ... 
SRAM wireless group spotted at the Tour Down Under: SRAM wireless group spotted at the Tour Down UnderAg2r-La ... 
Bobridge leads breakaway to stage win at Tour Down Under: Jack Bobridge (Unisa) stunned the Tour Down Under fi... 
Betancur: I haven’t shown anything yet: Betancur: I haven’t shown anything yetColombian back in the saddle at ... 
Viviani: Sky is the perfect team for me: Viviani: Sky is the perfect team for meItalian sprinter to target vic... 
Guest Blog: Tour Down Under Stage 4: The 2015 Santos Women’s our Down Under wrapped up with a crit held in Vic... 
Fabian Cancellara on the rivals who would be king: Fabian Cancellara is facing threats young and old, but is c... 
Vuelta ’15: The PEZ First Look!: The 2015 Vuelta a España route was unvailed in it's fullness last week, so ou... 
Video: Tour Down Under stage one highlights: Video: Tour Down Under stage one highlightsBobridge strikes in Ca... 
Inaugural Santos Womens Tour a great success: Inaugural Santos Womens Tour a great successInaugural Santos Wom... 
Video: On-board with Jeremy Roy at the Tour Down Under: Video: On-board with Jeremy Roy at the Tour Down Under... 
Pozzovivo hopes for top five at the Tour Down Under despite minor wrist fracture: Pozzovivo hopes for top five... 
Tour and Vuelta on Thomas' 2015 wish list: Tour and Vuelta on Thomas' 2015 wish listWelshman buoyed by Porte's... 
Toolbox: Caffeine and Cycling: Nothing fits with cycling so much as the post-ride java stop, and that’s probab... 
Gaviria uses his track speed to win at Tour de San Luis: Gaviria uses his track speed to win at Tour de San Lu... 
SA to host African Road Champs for first time: SA to host African Road Champs for first timeSA to host African... 
Westra happy with Tour Down Under start: Westra happy with Tour Down Under startDutchman second on opening sta... 
Bobridge claims maiden Tour Down Under win: Bobridge claims maiden Tour Down Under winFirst stage and leaders'... 
Cavendish leaves it too late in Tour de San Luis opener: Cavendish leaves it too late in Tour de San Luis open... 
Roe excited for Tour Down Under return: Roe excited for Tour Down Under returnAustralian racing on home roads ... 
Video: Cadel Evans farewell Teammachine SLR01: Video: Cadel Evans farewell Teammachine SLR01Photo gallery of s... 
FSA to sponsor two teams with electronic drivetrain in 2015: FSA is in bed with Etixx-Quick-Step and Tinkoff-S... 
Gaviria stuns WorldTour favorites with stage 1 Tour de San Luis win: Fernando Gaviria, 20, stuns Mark Cavendis... 
CCC Sprandi celebrate Giro d'Italia wildcard invitation: CCC Sprandi celebrate Giro d'Italia wildcard invitati... 
SRAM wireless group tested at Tour Down Under: Samuel Dumoulin and Domenico Pozzovivo are two Ag2r-La Mondiale... 
McLay takes road less travelled to professional ranks: McLay takes road less travelled to professional ranksBr... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Gage Hecht’s Moots Psychlo X RSL: Junior worlds hopeful Gage Hecht rides a traditional titan... 
Sagan targetting Monuments and Tour de France in 2015: Sagan targetting Monuments and Tour de France in 2015Ti... 
BMW-Happy Tooth Dental Group women’s team announces roster: Former national champion Robin Farina will lead th... 
Favourites Meeusen, Sweeck excluded from 'cross Worlds: Favourites Meeusen, Sweeck excluded from 'cross Worlds... 
Analysis: Evans rides into sunset as Australia’s greatest cyclist ever: This week's Santos Tour Down Under wil... 
BMW USA will sponsor new UCI women's team: BMW USA will sponsor new UCI women's teamTeam SmartStop owners anno... 
Giro announces five wildcard teams; four Italian squads included: Androni Giocattoli is one of five squads tha... 
2015 Giro d'Italia teams announced: 2015 Giro d'Italia teams announced Colombia miss out as CCC Sprandi secure... 
1X Disc Cross Crush:  Cannondale, SRAM, American Classic and Ergon: Cannodale’s Super X, SRAM’s CX1 group, Ame... 
Ulissi given nine-month ban for Salbutamol positive: Ulissi given nine-month ban for Salbutamol positiveLampre... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis team presentation: Gallery: Tour de San Luis team presentationRiders introduced duri... 
Sous le soleil d’Espagne…:           Pauline est actuellement en stage à Calpé, en Espagne, avec sa formation ... 
Fränk Schleck: I'm still competitive and have no intention of winding down: Fränk Schleck: I'm still competiti... 
EuroTrash Kittel Monday!: Jan 19, 2015 - Marcel Kittel takes his first win of the year and we have all the act... 
Kleinhans Queen of the Attakwas: Kleinhans Queen of the AttakwasKleinhans Queen of the Attakwas Team RECM's Ar... 
Guest blog: Tour Down Under – Stage 3: Forza Italia!: It was a successful day for both Italian riders at Stage... 
Wippert looking for Tour Down Under stage wins: Wippert looking for Tour Down Under stage winsDrapac rider buo... 
Australia dominates team pursuits in Cali Track World Cup: Australia dominates team pursuits in Cali Track Wor... 
Orica-GreenEdge confirm signing of Rob Power from 2016: Orica-GreenEdge confirm signing of Rob Power from 2016... 
San Dimas Stage Race slated for March 27-29: The women tackle Bonelli Park in the 2014 San Dimas Stage Race.Re... 
Chad Haga Journal: The confidence game: We wanted to go on a safari, so this was a good 
PEZ Down Under: Into McLaren Vale by Bike: Photog David Pearce is on the ground for the Tour Down Under, and a... 
Tour Down Under news shorts: Tinkoff-Saxo to support Rogers at WorldTour kickoff: Tour Down Under news shorts:... 
On tone, and why I’m not ranting more right now: It’s a weird time right now, and I’m reminded of something th... 
Orica-AIS go two for two at Santos Women’s Tour: Orica-AIS go two for two at Santos Women’s TourItaly’s Scando... 
Gallery: Trek Factory Racing train in Mallorca: Gallery: Trek Factory Racing train in MallorcaCancellara, Schl... 
Quintana expects Contador to be chief rival at Tour de France: Quintana expects Contador to be chief rival at ... 
Lobato confident of Tour Down Under success: Lobato confident of Tour Down Under successMovistar rider buoyed ... 
Gallery: 2015 People’s Choice Classic: Marcel Kittel gets a little help celebrating his victory. Photo: Tim De... 
Marcel Kittel opens 2015 account with victory in the People’s Choice Classic: Marcel Kittel repeats as champio... 
Video: Race highlights from the People's Choice Classic: Video: Race highlights from the People's Choice Class... 
O'Grady: At the end of the day I know what I did and didn't do: O'Grady: At the end of the day I know what I d... 
Gallery: Riders out training at Tour de San Luis: Gallery: Riders out training at Tour de San LuisQuintana and... 
Tour Down Under: Aggressive racing by Hayman signals Orica-GreenEdge approach: Tour Down Under: Aggressive rac... 
Guest blog: Gethin and Nikki at the Tour Down Unfer – Stage 2: Our friends Nikki and Gethin are out in Adelaid... 
Robbie Squire Gets PEZ’d!: Robbie Squire is another young man who's successfully made the jump from single tra... 
Manzin is FDJ's new sprinting weapon at Santos Tour Down Under: Manzin is FDJ's new sprinting weapon at Santos... 
WorldTour kicks off this week with Santos Tour Down Under: Richie Porte, shown at the team presentation, appea... 
Fernandes claims Tour Femenino San Luis title: Fernandes claims Tour Femenino San Luis titleUHC's Hall wins mo... 
Gallery: Axeon Cycling Team unveil 2015 team kit: Gallery: Axeon Cycling Team unveil 2015 team kitAxel Merckx'... 
Van Aert and Van der Poel to race elites at cyclo-cross Worlds: Van Aert and Van der Poel to race elites at cy... 
Pepper Palace steps up to UCI level for 2015: Pepper Palace steps up to UCI level for 2015Six new riders added... 
Quintana enjoys rare chance to race in South America: Quintana enjoys rare chance to race in South AmericaColo... 
Paolo Bettini considers 2014 a year ‘wasted’ trying to jump-start Alonso team: F1 racer Fernando Alonso, Giro ... 
Cavendish, Kwiatkowski and Quintana ready for the Tour de San Luis: Cavendish, Kwiatkowski and Quintana ready ... 
Trimmed-down Richie Porte looking to ‘step up’ in 2015: A slimmed-down Richie Porte rolls out during the teams... 
Gallery: Mammals and marsupials unite at Tour Down Under presentation: Gallery: Mammals and marsupials unite a... 
Tour Down Under: De Gendt looks for ‘ultimate jump’ on Willunga Hill: Tour Down Under: De Gendt looks for ‘ult... 
Gallery: Trek Factory Racing range available for customisation: Gallery: Trek Factory Racing range available f... 
Hesjedal eyes Santos Tour Down Under as a support rider: Hesjedal eyes Santos Tour Down Under as a support rid... 
PEZ Talk: Mike Engleman: From top pro on the American and International scene to director sportif, coach, ment... 
Tour Femenino de San Luis roundup: Tour Femenino de San Luis roundupTour Femenino de San Luis roundup The firs... 
Guest blog:  Nikki and Gethin at Tour Down Under Stage 1: Huge thanks to our awesome friends Gethin and Nikki,... 
Evans focused for final Tour Down Under appearance: Evans focused for final Tour Down Under appearanceLast yea... 
Haussler targeting Tour Down Under stage wins in green and gold jersey: Haussler targeting Tour Down Under sta... 
Etixx-QuickStep announce six-rider San Luis roster: Etixx-QuickStep announce six-rider San Luis rosterBelgian ... 
Olympic road race route changed to finish along Copacabana: Olympic road race route changed to finish along Co... 
Austin Heritage Tree Foundation weighs in on ‘cross nationals controversy: Controversy surrounding the postpon... 
Fernandes wins Tour Femenino de San Luis: Optum's Alison Tetrick wins the race's sixth and final stage in a so... 
Kittel ready to open 2015 account in Australia: Kittel ready to open 2015 account in AustraliaSprinter's seaso... 
News shorts: Battaglin to lead Italian national team at Tour de San Luis: News shorts: Battaglin to lead Itali... 
Porte: I want to have a big Tour Down Under: Porte: I want to have a big Tour Down UnderTeam Sky rider relaxed... 
Cancellara hungry for more results this year: Cancellara hungry for more results this yearSwiss riders' intere... 
Skjerping replaces an injured Acevedo ahead of Tour de San Luis: Skjerping replaces an injured Acevedo ahead o... 
Gallery: Katusha train in Calpe: Gallery: Katusha train in CalpeRodriguez present at pre-season camp
By Cyclin... 
Meintjes hoping to build on 2014 success: Meintjes hoping to build on 2014 successSouth African champ targetin... 
How to watch the 2015 Cali Track World Cup: 
The 2014/5 Track World Cup season is only three rounds long, and ... 
Commentary: The march toward equality doesn’t have to be slow: Robin Farina (NOW-Novartis) is a former nationa... 
Garda Bike Hotel: The MOVIE!: Here's one of the best travel / cycling / travel for cyclists videos I've seen -... 
Cassani optimistic about Italian cycling new generation of riders: Cassani optimistic about Italian cycling ne... 
Rio 2016 road race route adapted to start and finish at Copacabana: Brazil's iconic Copacabana beach will host... 
VeloNews seeks a technical editor: VeloNews is seeking a technical editor based in Boulder, Colorado. We’re lo... 
Cyclo-cross career in question for Tim Johnson: Cyclo-cross career in question for Tim JohnsonThree-time champ... 
Women's Strade Bianchi race route unveiled: Women's Strade Bianchi race route unveiledWomen's Strade Bianchi r... 
Strade Bianche women’s race route revealed: Women's Strade Bianche course. Courtesy RCSThe new women's event w... 
Orica turns to Impey to lead Tour Down Under squad: Daryl Impey is Orica-GreenEdge's leader at the Tour Down U... 
Les jeunes cyclistes ont le sourire…:  En fin d’année, Pauline a offert une tenue à 25 jeunes cyclistes. En ef... 
Women's Strade Bianche race route revealed: Women's Strade Bianche race route revealedFirst edition to be held... 
Dowsett undergoes successful surgery: Dowsett undergoes successful surgeryMovistar rider says Hour Record stil... 
News Shorts: No Tour for Slagter, Majka to ride Tour and Vuelta: News Shorts: No Tour for Slagter, Majka to ri... 
US CX Nats’15: Photog’s View: The 2015 US Cyclocross Nationals served up some of the muddiest racing in recent... 
Von Hoff ready to take on the WorldTour sprinters at the Tour Down Under: Von Hoff ready to take on the WorldT... 
Edmondson to make Wiggle-Honda debut at Santos Women's Tour: Edmondson to make Wiggle-Honda debut at Santos Wo... 
Guest blog:  Gethin and Nikki’s Tour DownUnder Preview: It’s still road racing time in Australia, and we’re so... 
Goss, Farrar will lead MTN-Qhubeka at Herald Sun Tour: Goss, Farrar will lead MTN-Qhubeka at Herald Sun TourGo... 
TDU count down: Race director talks about TDU favourites: TDU count down: Race director talks about TDU favour... 
News shorts: BMC announce seven riders for Tour Down Under: News shorts: BMC announce seven riders for Tour Do... 
Katie Hall wins Tour Femenino de San Luis stage 5: Jamildes Fernandes of team Brasil leads the general classif... 
Hosking expects support role in Santos Women's Tour: Hosking expects support role in Santos Women's TourFormer... 
USA Cycling responds to mud-slinging over 'cross national debacle: USA Cycling responds to mud-slinging over '... 
Kitchen ready for Santos Women's Tour: Kitchen ready for Santos Women's TourWill compete as part of the Roxsol... 
Twenty16-Sho-Air bolsters UCI team roster for 2015: Lauren Hall, Andrea Dvorak, and Carmen Small will ride tog... 
News Shorts: Bouhanni debuts in Mallorca, Pozzato in San Luis: News Shorts: Bouhanni debuts in Mallorca, Pozza... 
Giro’s 2015 wildcard teams decided?: The Giro d'Italia is expected to stick to its home teams for wildcard sel... 
Tour of Alberta announces 2015 host cities: Tour of Alberta announces 2015 host citiesCanadian race will open ... 
First Ride: Updated, less-expensive Niner Jet 9 Carbon: The new Niner Jet 9 Carbon offers virtually the same p... 
In the News: Bishop charged with manslaughter, awaits trial in jail: Heather Cook, who allegedly killed bicycl... 
USA Cycling addresses concerns in wake of 2015 ‘cross nationals: Austin's Zilker Park played host to the 2015 ... 
Van Garderen, Nibali, Pinot and Rodriguez to clash at the Tour of Oman: Van Garderen, Nibali, Pinot and Rodrig... 
Ask a Mechanic: Bottom bracket adapters: Art’s Cyclery has some advice on using bottom bracket adapters when i... 
Carmen Small Q&amp;A: women’s racing, riding in bikinis, the hour record, and more: Carmen Small has a lot to say.... 
Brammeier signs with MTN-Qhubeka: Brammeier signs with MTN-QhubekaAfrican team plans to sign another African r... 
Tech: First look at Nicolas Roche's Team Sky Pinarello Dogma F8: Tech: First look at Nicolas Roche's Team Sky ... 
Zdenek Stybar Gets PEZ’d: The World cyclo-cross championships are this Sunday, but the reigning champion Zdene... 
Page focused on remainder of cyclo-cross season: Page focused on remainder of cyclo-cross season Despite his l... 
Team RECM announce 2015 lineup: Team RECM announce 2015 lineupTeam RECM announce 2015 lineup Following a stell... 
2016 Tour de France to visit Andorra: 2016 Tour de France to visit AndorraRace to spent three days in the Pyre... 
Machado the man to watch at Santos Tour Down Under: Machado the man to watch at Santos Tour Down UnderPortugue... 
Gallery: Etixx-QuickStep present team in Velodrome showcase: Gallery: Etixx-QuickStep present team in Velodrom... 
Olympian heads up new South African MTB Team: Olympian heads up new South African MTB TeamOlympian heads up ne... 
EuroTrash Tour Teams Thursday!: Jan 15, 2015 - The EuroTrash bag is straining with the latest cycling news. An... 
Luis Leon Sanchez back at Tour Down Under ten years after breakthrough: Luis Leon Sanchez back at Tour Down Un... 
Report: Tour of Alberta will visit mountains in 2015: Report: Tour of Alberta will visit mountains in 2015Jasp... 
TDU countdown: Phil Anderson talks racing: TDU countdown: Phil Anderson talks racingGerrans' absence more sign... 
Poels aiming to be Froome’s right-hand man at Tour de France: Poels aiming to be Froome’s right-hand man at To... 
Bos: Riding the Tour de France is once in a lifetime chance: Bos: Riding the Tour de France is once in a lifet... 
Sarah interviews… Vale Scandolara – Podcast 2015, episode 3: Valentina Scandolara is a huge fan favourite beca... 
Powers flies through turbulent times to land USA Cyclo-cross title: Powers flies through turbulent times to la... 
Tony Martin targets yellow jersey on Tour’s opening day: Time trial ace Tony Martin (Etixx-Quick-Step) is hopi... 
Fornel convicted in Richmond road rage incident, won’t face jail time: The 61-year-old who buzzed a group ride... 
2015 Tour of Qatar route confirmed: 2015 Tour of Qatar route confirmedTerpstra, Kittel and Kristoff headline
B... 
Judge grants Lance Armstrong access to witness interviews: Judge grants Lance Armstrong access to witness inte... 
Milton Keynes cyclocross World Cup will not return in 2015: The 2014 Milton Keynes World Cup races attracted l... 
In the News: Armstrong legal team granted access to witness interviews: In his ongoing case with the Federal g... 
Video: GCN’s five tips to help you ride faster: Global Cycling Network's five tips to help you go faster.Globa... 
Pinot confirms Tour de France build-up: Pinot confirms Tour de France build-upFrenchman will ride Oman, Tirren... 
Barnes remains Tour Femenino de San Luis leader after stage 3: Iraida Garcia Ocasio of Cuba wins the third sta... 
Prudhomme explains the Tour de France wild card selections: Prudhomme explains the Tour de France wild card se... 
Sport director: Cavendish has nothing to prove: Mark Cavendish said winning one Tour de France stage this summ... 
MTN-Qhubeka receives historic Tour de France invitation: MTN-Qhubeka will race the Tour de France this summer.... 
ASO announces five wildcard teams invited to Tour de France: Europcar on the front of the peloton at the 2011 ... 
Gallery: Riders train in Adelaide before Tour Down Under: Gallery: Riders train in Adelaide before Tour Down U... 
Smith emotional after MTN-Qhubeka gets Tour de France wildcard: Smith emotional after MTN-Qhubeka gets Tour de... 
Friendly city prepares to welcome 2015 XCO Cup Series opener: Friendly city prepares to welcome 2015 XCO Cup S... 
2015 Tour de France teams confirmed: 2015 Tour de France teams confirmedASO announce teams for Tour, Paris-Nic... 
Dowsett breaks collarbone in training crash: Dowsett breaks collarbone in training crashHour Record attempt wi... 
Giant-Alpecin riders suffer training crash in Australia: Giant-Alpecin riders suffer training crash in Austral... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Advertising &amp; The Early Days Of The Bicycle: It strikes me as peculiar how such a disarmingly s... 
News shorts: No route changes for Tour Down Under after bushfire in the Adelaide Hills: News shorts: No route ... 
USA Cycling announces 2015 world cyclocross championship squads: American Logan Owen at the 2014 world U23 cyc... 
Bobridge and von Hoff lead UniSA-Australian team at Tour Down Under: Bobridge and von Hoff lead UniSA-Australi... 
Five things that made me smile (including a podcast announcement): It’s been a hard week, but cycling is still... 
Video: Top 5 to watch for the 2015 Santos Tour Down Under: Video: Top 5 to watch for the 2015 Santos Tour Down... 
Technical FAQ: More on disc brakes in cold weather: How do extremely cold temperatures affect disc brake perfo... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Katie Compton’s nationals-winning Trek Boone: Compton opted for a disc brake bike in Austin,... 
Cataldo has no regrets after moving from Team Sky to Astana: Cataldo has no regrets after moving from Team Sky... 
Tirreno-Adriatico only race to attract top four Tour favorites: Alberto Contador started the 2014 season on a ... 
Gallery: U.S. cyclocross nationals, U23 men and juniors: Muddy action from Monday's junior and under-23 men's ... 
2015 Giro d'Italia jerseys presented: 2015 Giro d'Italia jerseys presentedOffical kit shown off in Florence
By... 
Commentary: A nationals disaster: USA Cycling is ultimately responsible for due diligence in venue selection, ... 
Barnes stays in Tour Femenino de San Luis lead after stage 2 win: Hannah Barnes' UnitedHealthcare team worked ... 
Mareczko ready to take on Cavendish in San Luis sprints: Mareczko ready to take on Cavendish in San Luis sprin... 
Gallery: 2015 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championships, elite races: Relive Monday’s muddy racing in Aust... 
PEZ On The Road: Etixx – Quick-Step: New jersey’s and new name, but the team is still much the same; one of th... 
Nuyens set to announce retirement: Nuyens set to announce retirementKroon discusses future after cycling
By Cy... 
Team Abantu prepare for 2015 season: Team Abantu prepare for 2015 seasonTeam Abantu prepare for 2015 season HB... 
Team Sky confirm Bradley Wiggins' race plan up to Paris-Roubaix: Team Sky confirm Bradley Wiggins' race plan u... 
Gallery: Team Sky training in Mallorca: Gallery: Team Sky training in MallorcaBritish team ready for a big yea... 
DMA makes history in women’s development: DMA makes history in women’s development DMA makes history in women... 
Toolbox: Do It Yourself Training Camps: Lots of miles in exotic locales and riding with your favourite cycling... 
News shorts: Broken collarbone for Burke: News shorts: Broken collarbone for BurkeOrica-AIS announce Santos Wo... 
Australian National and U23 teams announced for Jayco Herald Sun Tour: Australian National and U23 teams annou... 
Austin is Powers’, as he wins third ‘cross nationals: Jeremy Powers (Rapha-Focus) rode with authority at U.S. ... 
Compton defends U.S. ‘cross crown for 11th consecutive year: Katie Compton (Trek Factory Racing) rode to her 1... 
Owen wins his second under-23 U.S. ‘cross championship: Logan Owen (California Giant-Specialized) was peerless... 
Barnes wins Tour Femenino de San Luis stage 1: Hannah Barnes (UnitedHealthcare) sprinted to victory in the fir... 
Delayed USA Cycling Cyclo-cross Championships resumes on Monday in Austin: Delayed USA Cycling Cyclo-cross Cha... 
Videos from the 2015 National Cyclocross Championships: This weekend was all ‘cross all the time (well…  excep... 
Gallery: 2015 Nippo-Vini Fantini team presentation: Gallery: 2015 Nippo-Vini Fantini team presentationCunego l... 
Rachel Neylan credits McGee for comeback success, searches for new team: Rachel Neylan is starting 2015 withou... 
Gallery: Age group races at U.S. cyclocross nationals: Check out Dave McElwaine’s photos from the men’s 35-39 ... 
Video: Pauwels targets Tour de France start: Video: Pauwels targets Tour de France startBelgian discusses his ... 
Haussler returns to the top with Aussie road nats win: Heinrich Haussler celebrates his victory in Australia. ... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Belgian ’cross national championships: Thick, soupy mud greeted the competitors at the Belgi... 
Sarto Energia: Best of Pez 2014: Quick.  Name the family-owned Italian manufacturer producing pro-race winning... 
EuroTrash Vuelta’15 Monday!: Jan 12, 2015 - The EuroTrash bag is fit to burst! We take a quick look at the Vue... 
Pauline conserve son titre à Pontchateau: C’est sur le circuit de Pontchateau que Pauline à remis en jeu, aujo... 
Anger, confusion reign as cyclocross nationals reschedule for Monday: On Sunday, riders gathered on the finish... 
Gallery: 2015 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championships, collegiate and single-speed: The first lap of the... 
Cant, Vantornout win Belgian cyclocross nationals: Cant keeps the Belgian champion's jersey for another year, ... 
U.S. cyclocross nationals canceled, parks department announces: USA Cycling's Micah Rice and Austin officials ... 
Womens European CycloCross Championships Results Round-up: Womens European CycloCross Championships Results Ro... 
Pez Bookshelf: “Beyond the Finish Line”: Unlike other sports; bicycle road racing is open to the elements and ... 
Meredith Miller injures ankle, nationals start in question: Meredith Miller (Noosa Pro Cyclocross) injured her... 
JOUR J-1: Ce matin, Pauline est allée reconnaitre le parcours du championnat de France de Cyclo-cross à Pontch... 
2015 Vuelta a Espana features tough mountain stages, Madrid finale: Nairo Quintana should be among the favorit... 
PEZ Talk: Tomasz Marczynski: Twice Polish Road Champion and former Vacansoleil rider Tomasz Marczynski is head... 
Hartford, Reno selected to host 2017, 2018 U.S. cyclocross nationals: After one year in Boulder, Colorado, U.S... 
Rabo Liv Women Cycling Team 2015 !: Pauline nous présente ses coéquipières pour la prochaine saison…     
Pro Bike Gallery: Danny Summerhill’s Felt F1x: Summerhill is a favorite to challenge defending national champi... 
Cyclocross nationals 2015 preview: Can anyone beat Katie Compton?: Katie Compton will be going for her elevent... 
Cyclocross nationals 2015 preview: Jeremy Powers ‘has to win’: Jeremy Powers "has to win" cyclocross nationals... 
Tim Johnson will not start U.S. cyclocross nationals: Tim Johnson finished second to Jeremy Powers on day 1 of... 
RCS sport cancels Roma Maxima, names Strade Bianche teams: Roma Maxima had a two-year run before it was put on... 
Week in Tech: Strava training plans, Rapha, WTB saddles, Blackburn seeks Rangers: Rapha's To The Sun capsule i... 
Boonen, Cav, and co. looking to get back on track in 2015: Etixx-Quick-Step is aiming for another dominant sea... 
Movistar targets Tour win for Quintana: With a Giro d'Italia title under his belt, Nairo Quintana (Movistar) i... 
Evans content with career ahead of retirement: Cadel Evans has just three races left in his racing career. Pho... 
Women’s movement: The slow march toward equality: The Tour de France gave women's racing a platform in 2014 wi... 
Castelli Alpha Jacket: The PEZ Review: The Alpha jacket is Castelli's new take on an old problem - cold weathe... 
Sarah interviews…. Rochelle Gilmore – Podcast 2015, episode 2: It’s definitely all about Australia in the wome... 
SA to host inaugural African Track Cycling Champs: SA to host inaugural African Track Cycling ChampsCycling So... 
Behind the Barriers TV: Resolution Cross Cup, day two: Day two of the Resolution Cross Cup races in Dallas, Te... 
Green argyle: Cannondale-Garmin showcases new-look squad in Manhattan: A handful of notable Cannondale-Garmin ... 
Cavendish likely to miss Rio Olympics: Mark Cavendish is intent on fulfilling his professional duties with the... 
Australian TT nationals test hour record contenders’ form: Rohan Dennis (BMC) said he might have gone out too ... 
Boonen lauds Wiggins’ final ride across Roubaix: At a January team camp in Calpe, Spain, Tom Boonen said he wa... 
Gallery: BMC Racing 2015 team camp: The American team shows off new kits at its sunny Spanish training camp. G... 
Video: Top 10 ways to improve your fitness: Global Cycling Network has 10 tips to help you improve your fitnes... 
Behind the Barriers TV: Resolution Cross Cup, day one: A video recap of day one of the Resolution Cross Cup.Wa... 
Porte aims for big 2015 after winning national time trial title: Richie Porte celebrates his time trial win on... 
Wiggins to launch Sky-backed British team: Bradley Wiggins rode to the world time trial title in Spain last fa... 
Videos from the Australian #RoadNats: Right now it’s the 2015 Australian National Road Championships – the #Ro... 
PEZ Talk: Taylor Phinney: Rider Interview: Taylor Phinney has the DNA of a champion cyclist and had the World ... 
A German EuroTrash Thursday!: Jan 08, 2015 - All the teams and races are getting rev'd up for the coming seaso... 
Gallery: Cannondale-Garmin 2015: The new-look Cannondale-Garmin team unveils green argyle kits for the 2015 ra... 
Gallery: Cannondale-Garmin 2015 team bikes: A sneak peak at the Cannondale Slice, EVO, and Synapse bikes that ... 
USA Cycling hires six new staffers: Andy Sparks served as coach for team USA at the 2012 Olympics in London. P... 
Video: 2015 U.S. cyclocross nationals course preview: Preview the 2015 U.S. cyclocross nationals course.Ride a... 
Wells continues hot streak and reclaims women’s Australian criterium title: Kimberley Wells overcame illness a... 
New colors, same goals for Giant-Alpecin: Giant-Alpecin looks ahead to the 2015 season with many of the same g... 
Vuelta lives up to billing as climber’s battle with eight mountaintop finishes: The Vuelta always offers a hea... 
Gallery: Festka’s colorful, ornate, unique frames: The Czech company makes its frames by hand and often collab... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Adam Myerson’s KindHuman Kudu: A fixture on the New England 'cross scene, Myerson remains a ... 
Video: Increase endurance, ride further: Global Cycling Network outlines some tips for cyclists who want to be... 
Top riders skipping Tour Down Under for Tour de San Luis: Nairo Quintana headlines the Tour de San Luis this m... 
Lee’s Lowdown: A Glamorous Life?: The life of a pro cyclist is not all plain sailing, unless you're on the top... 
Inside USA Cycling’s new ‘cross development program: A conversation with Geoff Proctor: U.S. Cyclocross Develo... 
Carmen Small Journal: It was all a dream: Carmen Small is training to race the team pursuit track event at the... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Cody Kaiser’s Specialized Crux cyclocross rig: Kaiser will line up for his first run at the ... 
Young Gage Hecht confirms ‘cross potential with European success: American Gage Hecht rolled across the line i... 
Gilbert unconvinced that disc brakes belong in road racing: Philippe Gilbert said road racing is not ready to ... 
Technical FAQ: Weight distribution, compatibility, and more: Pushing your weight back while braking on a desce... 
In the News: Boonen, Lefevere, others accused of tax fraud: A Belgian newspaper claims the pair, along with ot... 
Sven Erik Bystrøm Gets PEZ’d!: Rider Interview: World champion is a good start to any professional career, eve... 
Toolbox: Cycling New Year Resolutions: Another New Year is upon us and what better way to start it here at the... 
Lights by Linea Pro Cycling Team raises bar for South African cycling: Lights by Linea Pro Cycling Team raises... 
Video: Wout Van Aert’s Colnago Prestige ‘cross bike: Wout Van Aert's Colnago Prestige cyclocross race bike.Tak... 
Chad Haga Journal: A busy off-season: Chad Haga, alongside Ben King, Alex Howes, Gavin Mannion, and Jesse Anth... 
Team Optum: A model for the future?: Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies at the front in the 2014 Stillwater criter... 
Sho-Air International to sponsor Twenty16 team: Team Twenty16 will be known as Twenty16-Sho-Air for 2015, with... 
Women’s cycling survey part 6 – what do people like best about women’s cycling? The mega-table: Yesterday I lo... 
Cannondale-Garmin to broadcast team launch live: Team CEO Jonathan Vaughters will unveil his new-look Cannonda... 
Analysis: Why Van Aert and van der Poel will race U23 at worlds: Mathieu van der Poel will race elite national... 
Video: POV footage from EKZ Cross Tour: Wild, slippery action from the EKZ Tour cyclocross race in Eschenbach.... 
Training camp and seminars organised by the UCI in Africa: Training camp and seminars organised by the UCI in ... 
Nibali’s road back to Tour will detour around Giro: Vincenzo Nibali's path to the Tour de France this year wil... 
Wiggins to end Sky career at Paris-Roubaix: Bradley Wiggins will return to Paris-Roubaix in April before switc... 
Shropshire Hills Sportive - Press release: Press release  5th Shropshire Hills Sportive  Bridgnorth, Shropshir... 
Best of Pez: Giro di PEZ’14 St.3: Thank You Ireland!: The 2014 Giro d'Italia's Irish sojourn came to a close a... 
EuroTrash New Season Monday!: Jan 05, 2015 - Ezequiel Mosquera is innocent? The Spanish courts seem to think s... 
Women’s cycling survey part 5 – the top 10 things people like best about women’s cycling: Back in September, D... 
Pauline remporte le cyclo-cross de Domont: Pour sa dernière sortie en tricolore avant la remise en jeu de son ... 
Report: German public TV to resume Tour broadcast: German TV will return to providing live coverage of the Tou... 
Spanish court overturns Ezequiel Mosquera’s disqualification, ban: Mosquera makes his move in stage 20. Photo:... 
2014 Domestic Sprinters of the Year: Rivera and Holloway: Coryn Rivera celebrated her second sprint win of the... 
2014 North American Mountain Bikers of the Year: Pendrel and Wells: Catharine Pendrel rode to victory in the e... 
Velo List: Top 10 tech innovations: The bicycle, and the sport that revolves around it, has changed considerab... 
PEZ Talk: John Deering: Over the years there have been a few teams run short of money during the season, but n... 
Podcast 2015 The Sarah Interviews Episode One – Sabrina Stultiens: In 2014, Sabrina Stultiens came back from a... 
Journal « Le Monde » du samedi 3 janvier 2015: Un très bel article dans le journal « Le Monde » d’aujourd’hui…... 
2014 Domestic Breakthrough Rider of the Year: Joey Rosskopf: Joey Rosskopf nearly won the sixth stage at the T... 
2014 International Cyclocross Man of the Year: Sven Nys: Sven Nys' consistency and technical prowess are unpar... 
Bay Crits 2015 – videos for Stages 1 &amp; 2: The New Year always starts with a bang in Australia, with fast &amp; fur... 
Velo List: Top 10 climbers of all time: Love them for their panache or hate them for their doping transgressio... 
PEZ Rewind: Jens Voigt The Last Attack: With Jens Voigt now retired it's interesting to look back at our inter... 
POLAR V800: The WINNER Is…!: Congratulations to long-time PEZ-Fan Clint Underwood of Kennesaw GA  - as WINNER ... 
Ask a Mechanic: Suspension pivot assembly tricks: Art's Cyclery breaks down the easiest way to assemble a susp... 
Video: Col Collective rides the Passo Giau: Watch Mike Cotty tackle this difficult climb nestled in northern I... 
2014 Domestic Teams of the Year: UnitedHealthcare and Team SmartStop: The UnitedHealthcare women's team (pictu... 
North American Cyclocross Man of the Year: Jeremy Powers: Jeremy Powers won the first day of the 2013 Providen... 
Photo Essay: Kerstperiode cyclocross in Belgium: Dan Seaton takes us through 12 days of cyclocross racing in B... 
Atapuma attacked during training ride, suffers knife wounds: The BMC rider says he was approached by two men w... 
Velo List: Top 10 descenders of all time: It's often difficult to compare champions from different eras. The d... 
Photo Special: Jens Voigt: 2014 was a sad year for many cycling fans as their favorite rider, Jens Voigt final... 
Excellente année et merci pour tout !: « A l’aube de ce nouveau millésime, je vous souhaite une bonne et heure... 
Gallery: 2015 Bpost Bank Trofee-Baal: On a cold, muddy new year's day, young Wout Van Aert rides to victory an... 
2014 Tech Innovation of the Year: Shimano XTR Di2: Shimano's XTR Di2 shifting system is truly revolutionary. I... 
New Year EuroTrash!: Jan 01, 2015 - Happy New Year everyone and as it's Thursday we can't miss out on our Euro... 
Hello 2015: Still Believing: The PEZ Welcomes 2015 with an inspired look ahead, and some helpful insight from ... 
The best new tool of 2014: Park Tool's IR-1 Internal Cable Routing Kit is Lennard Zinn's favorite new tool of ... 
Happy New Year!: New Year’s Eve is that traditional time to look back at the year, and make plots and plans fo... 
2014 Men’s Domestic Rider of the Year: Sergey Tsvetkov: Race leader Serghei Tsvetkov won the criterium at the ... 
Katusha ‘guaranteed’ despite growing troubles in Russia: Igor Makarov, Katusha team owner and president of the... 
Carmen Small aims at 2016 Olympic team pursuit: National time trial champion Carmen Small has more than the cl... 
Pauline fait la « une » de l’équipe !: Un grand merci au journal « l’équipe » ! 
2014 International Cyclist of the Year: Pauline Ferrand-Prevot: Ferrand-Prévot's worlds win was likely her swe... 
Gallery: BrakeThrough Media’s best of 2014 – after the finish: VeloNews' photographers capture the drama, angu... 
Podcast 2014 Special Feature – Episode 58 – Sarah interviews Guy Swarbrick: I’m a huge track fan, and since we... 
Lee’s Lowdown: The 2014 Look Back!: PEZ's resident pundit Lee Rodgers picks his 5 stand-out moments from the 2... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Eternal flame: The Giro di Lombardia passes by the Ghisallo church. Photo: Tim De Wael... 
PEZ Talk: Philippe Gilbert: Rider Interview: World and National champion, Classics winner, Grand Tour stage wi... 
Trophée Bpost Bank à Loenhout – un petit passage à vide:   Après deux magnifiques coupes du monde à Namur et H... 
Velo Magazine’s 2014 Covers: Before we run into 2015, let’s take a look back at the 2014 covers of Velo Magazi... 
Gallery: 2014 Azencross Loenhout: Gianni Vermeersch went down in the mud early, but would go on to finish four... 
Best Tactical Play of the Year: Talansky picks Contador’s pocket: Andrew Talansky was overcome with emotion wh... 
In the News: Look Keo Power pedals found wanting: Look KeO Power pedals being assembled and tested in France. ... 
Van Aert wins muddy Azencross in Belgium: A late-race error by Mathieu van der Poel on a heavy mud course open... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Stopping progress?: Are rim brakes' days numbered? The industry agrees that it's only ... 
Best of PEZ’14: Montefranco The Museum of the Lost Time: Looking back through the virtual library of 2014 adve... 
U.S. cycling community stricken by multiple tragedies over Christmas weekend: Joel Dyke was one of the co-crea... 
2014 North American Man on the Year: Tejay van Garderen: Tejay van Garderen (BMC Racing) delivered an emphatic... 
Gallery: BrakeThrough Media’s best of 2014 – on course: BrakeThrough Media picked their favorite action shots ... 
Gallery: 2014 Diegem Superpresige cyclocross: An icy, snowy, slippery track challenged riders at the night rac... 
Readers’ Rigs: Custom Bottecchia: Today's Readers' Rig may come from England but it's certainly not a standard... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Shades of gray: Why does public perception of different confessed dopers vary? Matthew... 
Retour sur le jeu concours…: Les derniers colis sont partis aujourd’hui. N’hésitez pas à nous transmettre, par... 
The Last 2014 EuroTrash!: Dec 29, 2014 - It should be quiet during the holiday period, but EuroTrash never sle... 
Tinkoff-Saxo CEO: ‘Team is fine for 2015’: Russian businessman Oleg Tinkov is concerned about the plummeting v... 
Superprestige de Diegem : un nouveau podium pour Pauline !: Après sa troisième place, il y a 2 jours à Zolder,... 
In the News: Tinkov suggests team in trouble over ruble crisis: Oleg Tinkov (left) and Bjarne Riis (right) cel... 
Mathieu Van der Poel wins Diegem Superprestige: Van der Poel rode at the front from start to finish, and benef... 
2014′s Most Versatile Rider: Bradley Wiggins: Bradley Wiggins rode to ninth at the 2014 Paris-Roubaix and said... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Metamorphosis: Bradley Wiggins added one more trophy to his mantle in the 2014 world t... 
Wanty-Groupe Gobert targeting grand tour invite in 2015: Frederik Veuchelen (Wanty-Groupe Gobert) rode alone, ... 
Best of PEZ’14: Tommasini-Made in Tuscany: As it's the end of the year we take our usual look back at our favo... 
In the News: Mountain biker sues race organizer after fallen tree causes crash: After breaking her spine in a ... 
Photo Essay: Casey B. Gibson’s best of 2014: VeloNews photographer Casey Gibson captures the best moments of t... 
2014 International Breakthrough Rider of the Year: Fabio Aru: Fabio Aru (Astana) rode his way into the hearts ... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Taking flight: Dan Wuori remembers Robin Williams, a passionate cyclist and cycling fa... 
Videos &amp; photos from the Heusden-Zolder Cyclocross World Cup: Round 5 of the 2014/15 CX World Cup, Heusden-Zol... 
Photo Essay: Heusden-Zolder cyclocross World Cup: The penultimate World Cup round delivers a thrilling finish ... 
Lifetime Achievement Award: Jens Voigt: Jens Voigt (Trek Factory Racing) closed out his career at the 2014 USA... 
Top Ride: South of France: The South of France's Languedoc region is a beautiful place to visit with its spect... 
Gallery: Cyclocross World Cup #5, Heusden-Zolder: Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWsport.comLars van der Haar throws d... 
Coupe du monde à Heusden-Zolder : Le podium pour Pauline !: Au sortir de la manche de coupe du monde de Namur,... 
2014 International Ride of the Year: Vincenzo Nibali, Stage 5, Tour de France: Vincenzo Nibali (Astana) was fe... 
Behind the Barriers TV: Cross Talk with Katie Compton: Katie Compton talks to Behind the Barriers TV.National ... 
Evans’ farewell highlights field Down Under: Cadel Evans wore the leader's jersey at the 2014 Tour Down Under,... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Giro’s Stelvio controversy: Rigoberto Uran took it easy on the Stelvio descent and eve... 
Emma Pooley on tv tonight: I know that tons of you, like me, are so sad Emma Pooley announced her retirement t... 
Top Shop: DMP Bikes Netherlands: 'Not Your Average Bike Shop' certainly sums up DMP Bikes in the Netherlands w... 
International Teams of the Year: Omega Pharma-Quick Step and Rabo-Liv: Omega Pharma-Quick Step was dominant in... 
Men’s Stage Racer of the Year: Alberto Contador: Alberto Contador won the 2014 Vuelta a España, after recoveri... 
Christmas Day EuroTrash!: Dec 25, 2014 - Happy Holidays everyone, I hope you were all happy with Santa when he... 
Gallery: BrakeThrough Media’s best of 2014 – off course: Even outside of the races, there is plenty of excitem... 
2014 Women’s Stage Racer of the Year: Marianne Vos: World champion Marianne Vos won the 2014 Sparkassen Giro. ... 
Bonnes fêtes de fin d’année !!: En attendant de vous retrouver sur les circuits, Pauline vous souhaite de très... 
2014 Time Trialists of the Year: Martin and Brennauer: Tony Martin (Omega Pharma-Quick Step) has ridden the wi... 
Tech FAQ: Mixing Shimano road, MTB Di2 derailleurs: Compatibility problems exist between Shimano's road and mo... 
Cancellara has big hopes for 2015: Fabian Cancellara won the Tour of Flanders this year for the third time. Ph... 
Seasons Greetings From The PEZ Crew!: Merry Christmas everyone - and happy holidays too.  With any luck you're... 
Podcast 2014 Episode 57 – Twas the Eve Before Christmas: There’s been heaps going on in the world of women’s c... 
PEZ On The Road With BMC: The pre-Christmas training camp/team presentation/media day in Spain is getting very... 
What do YOU do on Boxing Day?  Watch live women’s cyclocross, I hope!: Here in the UK, December 26th is “Boxin... 
Women’s cycling survey part 4 – what do people like about cycling in general?: In part 3 of the women’s cyclin... 
Classics Riders of the Year: Cancellara and Armitstead: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) claimed his th... 
Video: Jumps, flips and more on a road bike: Global Cycling Network presents Road Bike Party 3, featuring 2013... 
2014 International Sprinters of the Year: Kittel and Wild: Marcel Kittel (Giant-Shimano) won the 2014 Tour de ... 
Astana’s Andrei Grivko Gets PEZ’d!: Rider Interview: Our third and last exclusive Astana interview is with And... 
First Contador-Froome duel of 2015 to feature two summit finishes: Vuelta a Andalucia releases route with Haza... 
Kelderman breaks collarbone in training crash: Dutch rider expected to be out for three weeks 
Toolbox: Elite Detraining: Part of any good training program is a period of rest, recovery, and regeneration f... 
WIN: POLAR V800 GPS Watch with Smart Speed and Cadence Sensors: ENTER for a chance to win a Polar V800 Multisp... 
Durbridge chasing third national time trial title: Former U23 world champion hungry for green and gold jersey 
Rogers to lead Tinkoff-Saxo at Tour Down Under: 2002 winner aiming for top 5 finish 
News shorts: Sebastian Henao will target Giro's young rider jersey in 2015: New US Continental team announces ... 
Proctor leads USA Cycling Cyclo-cross Development Program to success in Europe: "I have never felt this confid... 
Video: Nibali voted best rider in Cyclingnews Reader Poll 2014: Italian beats Contador into second place 
USA Pro Challenge stage 6 returns to Loveland and Fort Collins in 2015: Host cities decided by event's fans 
Tour de Yorkshire will debut in 2015: Fans came out in force for the 2014 Tour de France's swing through Yorks... 
Gerrans injury leaves door wide open for rivals and teammates: After breaking his collarbone on Sunday, Simon ... 
Nys to return to cyclo-cross racing at Superprestige in Diegem: Belgian champion might skip World Cup in Heusd... 
World champ Kwiatkowski aims for 2015 Sanremo and Ardennes: Michal Kwiatkowski is ready to disprove the age-ol... 
Garate has regrets as he announces retirement: I wish my career had ended differently, says Spaniard 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Riding with Eddy: This spring, tech writer Logan VonBokel had the opportunity to ride ... 
Photo Essay: 2014 Cyclocross World Cup Namur: Dan Seaton photographed the fast, muddy racing action at the Bel... 
Gerrans breaks collarbone, will miss Tour Down Under: Simon Gerrans won't be able to defend his 2014 Tour Down... 
Abu Dhabi to host new big-budget stage race in October 2015: RCS Sport to organise four-day race in Middle East 
PEZ Holiday Gift Guide #6: Our last Gift Guide of 2014 is packed full of great last minute gift ideas for you ... 
Tour de Yorkshire stage towns unveiled: New race will head into areas that missed out on Tour de France’s Gran... 
Unzúe: Quintana is the best climber I've worked with: Movistar boss plans rider's season 
Kittel keeping Tour targets under wraps: Sprinter talks about building the Giant lead-out train and sharing ti... 
Pre-Xmas EuroTrash Monday!: Dec 22, 2014 - A busy weekend of cyclo-cross, video and results as always. Other c... 
Team Europcar SA is proud to announce their 2015 line up: Team Europcar SA is proud to announce their 2015 lin... 
African Wildlife Safaris announce 2015 roster: Massimo Graziato and Will Walker provide WorldTour experience f... 
Gerrans to miss Australian nationals and Tour Down Under with broken collarbone: Orica-GreenEdge rider to unde... 
News shorts: Greg LeMond for Tour Down Under: WorldTour teams for Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race, Australia... 
This week’s racing videos – Essen &amp; Namur cyclocross, and Aussie track: So much racing, so much fun – and the ... 
Gallery: Cyclocross World Cup #4, Namur: The fourth round of the 'cross World Cup delivers plenty of action on... 
Coupe du monde à Namur – 5ème mais frustrée: C’est à Namur que Pauline avait décidé de faire sa rentrée, aujou... 
Pauwels increases World Cup lead in Namur: Belgian says final two rounds are made for him 
Compton satisfied with podium finish after asthma issues at Namur: Katie Compton overcame allergies and asthma... 
North American Woman of the Year: Katie Compton: At the end of the 2014 cyclocross World Cup, Compton claimed ... 
Nash and Pauwels take World Cup Victories in Namur: Nash and Pauwels take World Cup Victories in NamurNash and... 
Kevin Pauwels wins cyclocross World Cup in Namur: Pauwels plays his cards perfectly, riding a patient race on ... 
2014 Cyclingnews Reader Poll: Voigt named best Twitter Personality: Retired German beats Tinkov and Phinney 
Katerina Nash wins Namur World Cup: Marianne Vos claims second, and Katie Compton is third in Namur at the fou... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: Will CIRC make a difference?: The UCI is taking a big step forward with its review com... 
News shorts: Betancur to ride Giro and Vuelta in 2015: Nibali reveals contents of Vinokourov email 
Dowsett hopes Hour Record attempt will inspire the haemophiliac community: Movistar on the background to his F... 
PEZ Talk: Caleb Fairly: Rider Interview: Caleb Fairly has had quite a diverse professional career so far and i... 
2014 Cyclingnews Reader Poll: Absalon wins Best Mountain Bike Rider: Frenchman wins over Swiss champ Nino Schurter 
Nys, on poor condition: “I don’t know what’s wrong”: Sven Nys' (Crelan-AA Drink) string of bad form and bad lu... 
Talks ongoing for 2016 Tour of Ireland return: Organiser hopeful following Giro d'Italia success 
Van Aert solos to victory in muddy Essen race: The 20-year-old phenom soloed to victory at a muddy edition of ... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: 10th anniversary of Pantani death: Prosecutors are reviewing new documents concerning ... 
Sylwester Szmyd joins CCC Polsat Polkowice: Orange team hopes to participate in 2015 Giro d'Italia 
Cookson 'still determined to act' on Astana WorldTour licence: UCI president awaiting evidence from Padova inv... 
Top Rides: Paris?: Paris, France - the city of love, the Eiffel Tower, le Louvre and... traffic jams. Could Pa... 
Andy Schleck: Yes I miss cycling: 2010 Tour de France winner adjusting to retirement 
Cooper aiming to impress at Jayco Herald Sun Tour: Kiwi chasing WorldTour contract 
Report: Armstrong associates settle with US government: Bill Stapleton and Bart Knaggs agree to pay at least $500,000 
In the News: Stapleton agrees to conditional settlement in Armstrong case: Lance Armstrong's longtime business... 
« Championne des Championnes l’Equipe –  France Dame 2014 ! »: Pauline à remporté ce soir le trophée « CHAMPIO... 
Matt White on Bobridge and Dennis world hour record attempts: Orica-GreenEdge sports director rules out Hepburn bid 
News Shorts: UCI denies sanction for La Course by La Vuelta: Volta ao Algarve announces 2015 route, Bardiani-C... 
2014 Cyclingnews Reader Poll: Inexpensive power meters the best tech innovation: Power to the people, say the people 
Women’s cycling audience survey part 3 – which cyclists do people like?: In part 1 of the women’s cycling surv... 
Top 14 stories of 2014: A tale of two breakaways: BMC Racing's Michael Schär (left) saw a more than four-minut... 
In the News: Minnesota’s only velodrome will close: In the face of a $75,000 bill for repairs, the National Sp... 
Inaugural Tour of Montana offers multi-day pro race in 2015: Organizers in search of title sponsor 
Scheduling conflict could torpedo Vuelta’s women’s ‘La Course’: Marianne Vos won the inaugural edition of La C... 
Milano-Sanremo brings back Via Roma finish, favoring attackers: Oscar Freire won on Via Roma in the 2007 Milan... 
News Shorts: MPCC says seven teams facing possible voluntary suspension: Seeldraeyers signs for 2015, Garate t... 
Pro Bike: Tim Johnson’s Cannondale SuperX Hi-Mod: Former national champ Tim Johnson's Cannondale SuperX Hi-Mod... 
Video: Retro bikes vs. modern bikes: Global Cycling Network does a side-by-side comparison of an old steel bik... 
In the News: Contador hints at retirement by 2017: Alberto Contador wants to go out on top, as a Tour de Franc... 
Contador: I want to quit at the top of my game: Spaniard says ideal career finish would be after winning the T... 
Caruso to fill GC gap at BMC Racing for 2015: Damiano Caruso will step into a GC role on BMC Racing next seaso... 
Dowsett confirms his Hour Record attempt: Movistar rider to attack the record in London on February 27 
Tinkoff-Saxo reveals its new jersey for 2015: Yellow colours shown at presentation in Moscow 
PEZ Holiday Gift Guide #5: The gift ideas just keep coming in from around the cycling world and today we've ro... 
Watch the 2014 Namur Cyclocross World Cup, Live!: 
In the deep midwinter….  Yes, the CX season ramps up, with ... 
Q &amp; A: Bobridge on setting Hour Record 'benchmark': Australian to target individual pursuit at Track Worlds 
2015 Tour Down Under stage previews: Matt White's guide to first WorldTour race of 2015 
Evans could take years to replace, says Peiper: BMC looking to youth in 2015 
Video: Top 10 weight loss tips for cyclists: Looking to lose weight? Global Cycling Network has 10 tips for cy... 
Rigoberto Uran confirms he’ll go for Giro-Tour double: Rigoberto Urán finished second at the 2014 Giro d'Itali... 
In the News: Onboard race footage successfully live-streamed: The view from inside the peloton is chaotic, imp... 
Santambrogio claims he took testosterone as infertility treatment: Italian tells Cyclingnews he has nothing to hide 
Gallery: Trek Factory Racing team camp: Trek Factory Racing team gathers in Spain to get geared up for 2015 wi... 
MPCC releases 2015 watch list of member teams: Maxim Iglinskiy and his brother Valentin tested positive for EP... 
Uran will target Tour de France, Giro d'Italia double in 2015: Colombian climber returns to Tour for first tim... 
Movistar’s Tour Down Under team announced: One of the peloton's elder statesmen, Pablo Lastras, will lead the ... 
Santambrogio tests positive for testosterone during EPO ban: Italian faces possible life ban with second case 
Tirreno-Adriatico’s 2015 route offers a little of everything: Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) won the 2014 edi... 
Reviewed: The Bell Star Pro, an aero, airy helmet: With the vents closed, the Bell Star Pro is just as quick a... 
Ask a Mechanic: Do I need to use pedal washers?: Art’s Cyclery breaks down the reasons why some pedals require... 
Astana’s Tanel Kangert Gets PEZ’d: Rider Interview: Our second exclusive Astana rider interviewee, Tanel Kange... 
2015 Vuelta a España to have uphill finish on second day: Spectacular Caminito del Rey will be setting for fir... 
Podcast 2014 Special Feature – Episode 56 – Sarah interviews Chloe Hosking: Aussie battler Chloe Hosking is a ... 
2015 Tirreno-Adriatico route features Monte Terminillo: 50th edition of race presented in Camaiore 
Gallery: On the road with Cancellara and Trek Factory Racing: Team holds pre-season training camp in Spain 
EuroTrash Hour Record Thursday!: Dec 18, 2014 - There is a queue of riders planning an atempt on the World hou... 
Gilbert targets first win at Milan-San Remo: Belgian hoping to return to victory at Tour de France 
Bobridge to attempt Hour Record in January: Australian hoping to race Tour Down Under in preparation 
Docker looking to continue improvement on the cobbles: Orica-GreenEdge rider buoyed by leadership role 
Gallery: Velocio-SRAM training camp: Velocio-SRAM headed to Lanzarote, Spain to get in some early-season miles... 
Van Garderen laments lack of Tour de France time trials: BMC leader responds to questions about motorpacing wi... 
BMC Racing aims for classics victory, announces 2015 roster: BMC Racing's Philippe Gilbert won the 2014 Amstel... 
Video: Col Collective rides Mont Ventoux (Bedoin): Ride Mont Ventoux with the Col Collective.At 21.8km long, w... 
A VOS VOTES !: Si vous pensez que je mérite d’être élue sportive de l’année par Eurosport votez pour moi ! htt... 
Phinney aims at Tour of California for comeback: Hour attempt delayed until year's end in 2015 
Etixx-Quick-Step set to kick off 2015 at Tour Down Under: Etixx-Quick-Step announced its roster for the 2015 T... 
Riccò describes the Cycling Reform Commission as a joke: Italian not allowed a cut in his ban despite speaking... 
No firm comeback date yet for Taylor Phinney: Young American talent Taylor Phinney won stage 4 of the Amgen To... 
2014 in review: Astana drama, fresh faces, hour records, and more⁰: Michal Kwiatkowski showed his class in 201... 
All roads lead to Tour de France debut for Wilco Kelderman: LottoNL-Jumbo rider happy to go Dutch in 2015 
Bobridge: Time is right for hour record attempt: Jack Bobridge's track pedigree will help him in his hour reco... 
Book excerpt: The first ‘MountainBike’: In chapter 13, from "Fat Tire Flyer," Charlie Kelly describes how he a... 
Rohan Dennis to attempt the Hour Record in 2015: BMC rider makes surprise announcement at team camp 
News Shorts: Contador says he could have died in Tour crash: Démare looking to improve in 2015, Etixx-QuickSte... 
Bobridge to attack Hour Record in 2015: Dowsett expected to announce his London attempt 
PEZ Reviews the Scott SOLACE 10: The Scott Solace 10 road bike offers in impressive mix of performance and com... 
Tour de France debut a season highlight for Dempster: Australian aiming to continue improvement at Tour of Fla... 
SRAM introduces direct-mount X-SYNC chainrings: New 1x11 rings increase gear range, reduce weight 
In the News: Contador says he could have died in Tour de France crash: Alberto Contador's Tour-ending stage 10... 
Women’s cycling audience survey part 2 – what do people follow, and why do they like it?: This is part 2 of a ... 
News Shorts: Quintana to start season in San Luis with eye toward France: Team SmartStop owners launch new wom... 
Gallery: BMC gather in Spain for training camp: US team working hard in Denia 
Molly Shaffer Van Houweling sets U.S. hour record: Van Houweling beat the U.S. elite women's record, which had... 
Cyclo-cross shorts: Vos returns to cyclo-cross at Namur World Cup: Pauwels reduces gap to Nys, USAC accepts pe... 
Technical FAQ: Tubular gluing and taping, cold-weather braking and tire changing: Lennard Zinn recommends one ... 
Quintana confirms San Luis defense: Nairo Quintana (Movistar) won the 2014 Tour de San Luis. Photo: Tim De Wae... 
Britain’s Sarah Storey to tackle women’s hour record: Britain's Sarah Storey will attempt the hour record on F... 
Book extract: Pantani. Debunking the Murder Myth: Amazon ebook explains why the Tour winner died of a self-inf... 
In the News: Mexican U23 rider caught with EPO, HGH: José Alfredo Aguirre claims he did not realize his team d... 
Without WorldTour license, Europcar faces uncertain race schedule: Europcar did not receive a WorldTour licens... 
2015 sponsor round-up: Who’s riding what: Movistar will stay with Campagnolo components for 2015. Photo: Luis ... 
Roche to form part of Team Sky's Grand Tour squad: Irish rider settles with new team 
Astana’s Rein Taaramäe Gets PEZ’d: Rider Interview: Rein Tamara is the first of three exclusive Astana team ri... 
FSA confirms electronic drivetrain development, denies team sponsorship rumor: FSA has produced drivetrain com... 
News shorts: Paris-Nice mountain finish revealed, fake Madiot Twitter account: 
Toolbox: Winter Rest, Reboot and Reset: As the 2014 event season is winding down (or has become a distant memo... 
London World Cup a confidence boost for Law: Avanti rider looking ahead to Rio 2016 
News Shorts: Androni Giocattoli implement fine for anti-doping infractions: Betancur to target Giro d'Italia, ... 
Win a Trek Project One Emonda: The post Win a Trek Project One Emonda appeared first on 
Gallery: Tinkoff-Saxo end successful training camp in Gran Canaria: Riders out training on the last day of camp 
New U.S.-based UCI women’s team in the works: Premier Sports Group will launch a new women's professional road... 
FIN DU JEU CONCOURS…. Qui l’emporte ?: Pauline avait décidé, il y a quelques jours, de lancer un jeu concours ... 
Trebon aims for US cyclo-cross title despite recent spinal injuries: American rebuilding strength after recove... 
Vinokourov sounds off on Italian media, Iglinskiy after securing Astana license: Alexandre Vinokourov spoke ou... 
Gallery: Velocio-SRAM trains in Lanzarote: Women's team prepares for 2015 
Gallery: Etixx-Quick-Step 2015 team camp: Team Etixx-Quick-Step, which boasts current world road champion Mich... 
2014 Cyclingnews Reader Poll: Omega Pharma-QuickStep voted best team: Kwiatkowski, Martin and Cavendish send v... 
20 Questions: Team Sky’s Geraint Thomas: Geraint Thomas won the men's road race at the 2014 Commonwealth Games... 
News shorts: Fuglsang considered leaving Astana, Giant-Alpecin for Tour Down Under: Caja to ride Fuji, Silber ... 
Behind the Barriers TV: Renaat Schotte interview: BTB TV talks to legendary cyclocross announcer Renaat Schott... 
UCI taking cautious approach with Astana’s license: Astana acquired a 2015 racing license last week despite a ... 
Haga, Craddock to make 2015 debuts alongside Kittel Down Under: Lawson Craddock finished third overall at the ... 
BMC commemorate Worlds team time trial win: Oss presents teammates with handmade rings 
PEZ Holiday Gift Guide #4: In today's Gift Guide we've got you covered with lots of great gift ideas for yours... 
Are discs a drag? Wind tunnel testing disc brake road bikes: How do disc brake-equipped road bikes compare wit... 
Vinokourov claims European press tried to destroy Astana team: I don't train any riders anymore, says Ferrari 
Hoy honoured with lifetime achievement award: Six-time Olympic champion feted at BBC Sports Personality Awards 
Pauline s’impose lors de La finale de la coupe de France à Lanarvily: Après son week-end Belge la semaine dern... 
Gallery: Team Sky in training in Mallorca: British team show off new Rapha kit as they prepare for 2015 
EuroTrash Cyclo-Cross Monday!: Dec 15, 2014 - Winter Monday's are made for watching cyclo-cross video and read... 
Ag2r-La Mondiale announce Tour Down Under team: Pozzovivo, Riblon and Kadri selected for Australian race 
Gallery: Etixx–QuickStep training hard in Spain: Cavendish, Boonen, Martin and Kwiatkowski prepare for the 201... 
Wout Van Aert, Sabrina Stultiens prevail under the lights at Zilvermeercross: Wout Van Aert overpowers a darin... 
The women’s cycling audience survey – what we did and who responded: In September, Dan and I ran a women’s cyc... 
Photo essay: 2014 Scheldecross Antwerp: His barrier-hopping skills definitely did not hurt Mathieu van der Poe... 
Coquard concerned about Europcar losing WorldTour status: French sprinter reveals he could change teams in 2016 
Report: Rabottini confirmed positive for EPO: Neri Sottoli rider facing a two-year ban 
Pez Bookshelf: Roads Were Not Built for Cars: The usual books stacked next to the comfortable wingback chair i... 
Results: 2014 Scheldecross Antwerp: Results from the 2014 Scheldecross AntwerpThe post Results: 2014 Scheldecr... 
Angus Morton makes a successful return to UCI racing in Malaysia: Australian follows younger brother Lachlan t... 
Tour of California women’s time trial secures UCI 1.1 status in 2015: Women to contest eight UCI events and on... 
Gallery: Ag2r-La Mondiale prepares for 2015 in Valencia: French squad confirms season debuts for Betancur, Per... 
Mathieu Van der Poel solos to Scheldecross victory: Mathieu Van der Poel (BKCP-Powerplus) dominated a sandy bu... 
French Army team to race at Continental level in 2015: l'Armée de Terre to race in camouflage kit 
Podcast 2014 Episode 55 – Lies, Damned Lies and Statistics: It’s time to talk cycling survey results! So that’... 
Sven Nys: I'm only human: Belgian cross champion angry about criticism after losing his cyclo-cross crown 
2014 Cyclingnews Reader Poll: Tour de France picked as stage race of the year: French Grand Tour wins big over... 
