Turn up is pending
Its me time! !!! All me er'day <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
One more to go!  Ugh i cd feel the sand on my skin already
Oh the accuracy <CRYING FACE><CRYING FACE><CRYING FACE> 
Yasss.. 
Me and my music yes. Cause if it's one thing when music hits,  you feel no pain
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Me: No!! We have Eve's pears!<GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Not setting myself up again tho
This i know and always knew.
Ahahaha. You're infected
These girls really irritate me.  Ugh
Listen. Julie plec and Nina dobrev. You cannot kill Elena.  I'm in shambles here<CRYING FACE><CRYING FACE><CRYING FACE> I cannot deal with this @cwtvd #TVD
Sooo many regrets
Sigh 
Dont believe what you see on the surface. The truth lies beneath, covered by many masks.
Internal wars
I'm hopeful. Optimistic.
Love yourself.  Be yourself. Take care of you.  Be patient and let God craft Mr Right who would adore &amp; love you more than u think u deserve
Its all an act.  An act to make a stronger
I'm still hopeful
I need dancing! !!! My outlet of release
Passenger on repeat <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
I'm about whatever
I setting up myself for more shit. stop it
..... couldn't be a more perfect description of me 
Literally lying sick in my bed<CONFUSED FACE>
I'm hungry.
you thought the grass was greener on the other side
Right now it’s killing me
'Cause now I have to find someone else
When all I wanted was you
I’m all cried out. I’m all tried out.I’m all fired out
I can take care of myself
I thought you'd always be there for me, yeah yeah
But if you ask me if I knew better now, hell yeah
My liddle tap dancers got their dance exam in the morning.  I am officially a teacher cause I'm so nervous.  I hope i did a good job <CONFUSED FACE>
I bet you start needing me, soon as you see me with someone else. Somebody other than you

Im always thinking about others.  For once im putting me first
Do not delay your happiness for those who don't want you truly happy
@Heil_Ceasar ahA good one but it makes sense. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
What i have you can't offer
So exhausted ugh*
Many many many masks  but who cares what lies beneath
Happy international dance day! !!!<SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
#DancingLawyer <WINKING FACE> - Has a nice ring to it!
19 years ago yes.... and till the day i die Ill continue to dance.  Can't imagine my life without it
Like i do with everything,  focus myself on things that i know definitely makes me happy. DANNCCCEEEE <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
This cycle of shit iz have to be dealing with.  #IfkingCant
Is always guys and older ppl i tend to get along with.  <CONFUSED FACE>
When the world turns its back on you,  you turn your back on the world   -Timon
Thinking of summer ahead!
Madness!  Catch bak myself
And that's life.
Sometimes you just have to let people go
Why waste energy on shit. Life goes on
Haha
This is killing me softly
I feel like watching Sound of Music :'(  ugh!
One day to learn an entire course.  Sigh i can do this. ...<HUSHED FACE>
Legendary night! !
I die every time with family guy.  Poor Meg. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Got myself on repeat. .. literally.
Time to get off bed<CONFUSED FACE>
Day one!
Nope! Don't want to trip. Not at all.  Have to be careful 
O gosh i overbullin the cow.  Exam is tomorrow . I feeling the study now. .
Popcorn for it yes.
And while I'm at it after 2hrs sleep, I'll just waste another n  catch up on shows #procrastination
Ok I'm legit dying in this house.  Only day I've ever been home home.  There's no food!!!!!
Cant change the things I've done but I'm looking ahead to better brighter days
Tracy Chapman - Crossroads - 
Still water runs deep
I bet
A song without words
And it's funny as hell cause i didn't even apply myself that much.  o well. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
On the plus side my midterm marks sexier than a muggg <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>  ahaha basically i getting on baddd this semester
I fine my brain works better day before exams lol
Need some bachata in my life right now! !!!
Haapppppppyyy birffddaayyy gorgeous! ! Miss ya n love ya so much<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> can't wait to see ya @sunkissedberry
No more Mr. NICE guy. Nice takes you nowhere
Change of plans...
a false hope which we convince ourselves exists when perhaps it may not be there.
3 weeks till i get to be with my best friend again : dance. Gym. <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
All the time lol 
One day.....
Im done
@GodBlessBase ahaha
Ok2 minutes and i starting back
Lol the only time i honestly feel i need ppl is for. ... <FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD> n i still don't need Em '.  But its still fun anyway<SMIRKING FACE>
"I want someone to treat me like a prize".... Plz eh. Forget ppl. Treat Yourself !
Never settle for less.
Improving me is the best decision I ever decided to make.  Finally for once i can be treated the way i deserve; I'm worth that much
I rel cool with just me out here, to be honest
Soon enough.... 
Until then ....
I keep saying 'after this ill start back work. .... Ok ok maybe after this. ... '
I eh start back yet<CONFUSED FACE>  #procrastinator
Changing my life today. Exams is Monday
In 2 weeks my degree dun!!!!!!!!! Boy o boy. Vybz cya done from then
I've been ready for summer!! Lawdd i can't wait!!
Baby steps
Not tonight...
Never have an appetite on a morning.  Then i die by 12 o clock
Exactly. 

I don't want to fall another moment into your gravity.
Set me free from this bondage
I'm way too chilled this semester
@Empress_Mandi ahahaha grl yuh so damn right eh. Lawddd fadda!
If Monday were shoes. I'd be crocs
Tracy Chapman - Crossroads - 
You worth more than these regular ass niggas
Value yourself more than anyone else ever will
Just doing me
"Skillful f*cker " lol well....
I'm all about me right now.  Relllll not on nobody and i definitely don't need anyone
Everything will fall into place at the right time.
Can't continue living like that
This weekend has been great!
Most situations 
 What you give off isn't reciprocal. .
Ugh these inner cravings.  Can't fight them off
How you treat yourself is how others will treat you
Ugh I'm done!  I'm wayyy worth it.
I shouldn't be forcing things. If it is to be,  it will be.
One must maintain a sexy at all times - #adviceforlife
Dance. Dance .Dance
Work of art and one of a kind. I'LL CHERISH IT
Appreciating the little things that are taken for granted
That's why i never ask for help
Don't deserve this. .
Throwing me off bad. ..
Maybe the answer is clear in the face. ..
These internal wars i fight each day.
Surrounded by negativity... or maybe it's the reality of a truth i can't see. ..
Should it be a who that validates or should passion and love be that drive
De motivation, depression tired sad mixed with a touch of fk up....
No one. ...
Stop!  Get away!
FML
Give me the fix right now!
Ugh so irritated
I feel for sushi and wine
Never think into anything.  These niggas out here for self gain
Bout run. ..
Don't run people down...
What i crave deep inside of me. ..
So accustomed being busy,  i have a free weekend and i like a fish out of water. .
Don't let everyone get the chance to know you
Baby steps
Feeling for junk food.
I'm so used to being used
Line from line landdddd
nous acceptons l'amour que nous pensons mériter
Trust is the root of destruction
Did what i had to.  I'm free now
I literally want to kill you.  The level of hate inside of me. ..
Chill day<SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
Pretty much 
Still up  :/
perks of being a wallflower
And we're standing here looking at each other baby eye to eye
I suck at explaining things inside of me. I have other outlets of letting stuff out
When I sit on the piano, I find myself and lose myself at the same time.
Dancing explains things the mouth can't. I'll keep dancing. Definitely keeps me sane
Love how music explains things that I cant
This song literally gets me!
I'm fourfive seconds from wildin'
I say whats on my mind
I think ive had enough
Im done being taken advantage of
See all of my kindness, is taken for weakness
Oh darling my heart's on fire  #songofmyheart
Well I don’t know where and I don’t know when, but I know we’ll be lovers again
You feel like laughing but you start to cry
What's wrong with me?
Yall are dumb. Literally if someone looks and dresses nice that's your definition of cool?
You all are irritating me  so much more than usual
One day i will get someone who will....
Niggas out here yes. Only self gain
Confidence &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  ☆☆☆
Is it that the people most attracted to you are the ones just like you?
Soon i will be free
Its the dream and the wind that carry me
I am only defined by what He thinks I am. No one else
I could love you with my hands tied
Keep your head up
Temporary forevers
Last early morning Saturday for the term  ! I could sleep <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
@Dre_22_ hahaha!!!
Hennessey gives me life
Getting shit together from today
Life is so much sweeter when u don't find a fk<THUMBS UP SIGN>
I'm out here just doing me.  Eh studying nobody but myself this rounds.
Know yourself know your worth
Just wait till i get my shit right
Abs night! !!!!!!
Still water runs deep
Credi en te
Not living for likes and favorites from people.  I just there doing me
I know I'm not a favorite to people and definitely not liked by many, even the ones closest to me.  But I'm happy with who i am
So many things to do to improve myself.  I want to do all now!!!
Yo, thinking out loud
Your whole style and approach i invented,  and i aint taking that back cause i meant it
Niggas see me rolling and they mood change
Definitely need a massage :(
I am exhausted
11:11
Dem cya test
.. dem nuh bad enough
These regular massages are giving me life.  Needed this is my life
Could never have enough bikinis
Workout complete<SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
Wonder why...
Is it that I'm different?  Definitely don't think anything is wrong with me
Live in a house with no home
Chill day
So i probably overdosed. Legit almost died <CRYING FACE>
No sickness will come upon me.  I fighting it<ANGUISHED FACE>
Grab har nuh.
Without money no gold cya buy yo company
Must say my choreography looks good.  So far <SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
I blink and its March 2nd already.  Jah!<CONFUSED FACE>
Its a matter of being confident in your work
Mixed emotions getting the best of me &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Ugh too much going on .. losing it
3rd song n still not satisfied.  Ugh. #imnotready
Up doing choreography for these kids.  Worst yet for their exams.  #freakingout
I rel not about digging na boi
I feel so much pressure doing choreography. It's hard to be confident in your own.  Digging deep into yourself to produce movement.
Tonight intense bai...
Nothing to lose but everything to gain
Years go by and time just seems to fly but the memories remain
Deep in the pit of me
I crave.  i hope.  One day I'd believe
Happiness starts from within yourself
Squats. Abs. Done! 
Now to do research!
I'm dying with suits! !! Ugh season finale. I'm not ready! !
Meditations
Is how my mother ball "This is weather for PORRIDGE!"  Well bai... i died
This weather tho
One man alone. A push. A hump inna ....
It's like a movie
Mi nuh beg friend #boutBeg
And if my life could a rewind
without money, no gold cyaa buy yo company. Noo
@Dre_22_ chunnnneeee!!!!<SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
This is the remix to ignition hot and fresh out the kitchen
You must be a football coach, the way you got me playin the field
dem cya test, dem na bad enoughh......
@greenbaby94 grlll ikrrrr!!!!
Backstreet boys kinda night
So I love when you call unexpected, Cause I hate when the moment's expected
now aint no way we can be friends
Have to mentally prepare myself for Saturdays
I'm just a loneeerrrr.....
Why can't my mind just shut up!  Urgh don't want to think about it
Thinking out loud
Now tell me why am i up at this hour and have class in a few hours
2 in love can make it.  Take my heart and please don't break it.  Love was made for me and you <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
L is for the way you look at me , O is for the only one i see. V is very very extraordinary , E is even more than anyone that you adore
How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others treat you
Stop looking at boys!
These music scores are giving me life!!
I'm gonna fly like a bird through the night, feel my tears as they dry
The sun is always shining even when it rains
But I sweep my troubles underneath my pride
If you don't know the story, don't judge the book
Dont watch the look on my face
The beauty of this life is beyond what is natural to the eye
Ima figure me out soon. In the mean time I'm living. Loving life and loving me
I'm so confused. .
What is it about you i dig so much?
Long day today <NEUTRAL FACE><NEUTRAL FACE><NEUTRAL FACE>
@anjewahh i love u too andrea <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
Still water runs deep
You got that effect on me.  I find you amazing.
Icing my legs !
Not about get injured :/
@RyneUsa na . I wanted to go beach.  Or simply a movie and with dad is always a scn for simple little things n im wayyyy tired of it.
I am sooooooooo angry right now
The worst bday weekend ever.  Eff my rents
You'd think that your parents legit care and have your back.  Yhhh not mine :/
Most annoying parents in the world!
@DarnellK_ thank yew luv!!
I'm tired of acting.  Tired of pretending
The best thing in life is to truly be loved ,cared for and appreciated by someone.
Reflections vs Reality
I know what and who truly matters to me. Wish i still had it -_-
You could mask things so much that it becomes an actual reality
The amount of outfits i need in my life!  #iCant
Pita pit gives me life!
Birthday weekend! !
You are the master of your life who paints the reality.  Paint a beautiful picture
Sometimes rejection is for your protection
One week till my birfdayyyyy :) :)
Welcoming February:) best month of the year! !!
Lawd im getting my ish together from next week.
Go subcribe to 
11:11
Sinus..stapp ett!
I dont know how I go feel in d morning! ...  ah overdoing ittt!!!  #chuneee
Like A Boss (Marcus Williams Brass  
Oohhh laaddooo!! Saraya 2.0 bash den my favorite weekend: myy burffdddaayyyy :)
I can't wait til I can pick up and buss out when I want.  Always a fkin raincheck
This one is called lovers choice ,never know yuh woulda really feel so nice (love sponge).I dont wanna let you go,with you im in no hurry
Bad Girls ain't no good and the good girls ain't no fun. Hood girls want a smart Nigga and college girls all want a thug
Is it bad that I never made love no I never did it
Rain♡♡♡
@ciitruspower yh man next week fuh sure!
Didn't make it to my 8am. Wasn't making it to 9am.
@ciitruspower ahaha it was early.  I went bk to  sleep
I relll need to be on school for once. Lol anyway is only the first week.
I missed my lecture.  Ugh... o well I'm free!!!
Tonight . I. Dance!!! :) :) ;)
Bout gt-ing lol
Is how I supposed to be on lockdown. Bout lockdown
No longer taking shit from any1
Gosh. I have to deal with Gloria twice this semester :/
Why am I alwayshungry late at night!??
And I'm not about to be pissed.
Mawnnnin Twiddah!
My life basically. 
Able to overcome
So much better without you b!tch
Count Down till my Birthday :);)
I rel tweeting bt wadeva its my TL. Im just so happy.
Be who you wanna be.  Be who you already know you are, be awesome.  Be You ;)
Is about time you Appreciate and know your worth cause you are awesome! #me #2015goals
So thank u but fk u still.  Hate your guts
Legit lost myself but I did great and I'm doing great. That tragic situation worked out to be the best thing that could ever happen to me
I don't give myself enough credit.
But despite any curveball life threw At me I am stronger than I think. I Passed every single course and passed great!!!
Last Semester was the worst semester of all. Had no way I was passin anything. I shut dwn completely. Gave up. Was going thru hell
Bout disappointment
Fantasy, it gets the best of me when I'm sailing...
Night Beach :) :)
Its only a matter of time...
I just wanna be where You are, dwelling daily in Your presence.  I don't want to worship from afar, draw me near to where You are ♡
I really can't help  the kind of person I am. ...Unfortunately. But I'll continue to fight against it anyway
Have to teach in the morning and can't sleep :/
BE WHO I WANNA BE  for  2015  :)  #themotto #mymotto
I miss being in Musicals. 
I Think 2015 Ill get back to that part of my life. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 love the arts and everything in it!
I know I Dream big Dreams. But I will achieve it! I will get there... #patience
Like a baby crying for the first time, like Anya with her first design. Bess ah did bring some bricks and a load ah sandddd
I bring music to make you dance, yes. Don't refuse, it's walking footsteps. It's natural
You not moving your waist by chance, no.  Is de riddim de riddim de riddimm
Badness is a state ah mind
Listen uwi. Ya overbulling d cow. Ah want ma gradesss!!!
Can't sleep
You not moving yuh waist by chance , no. Is de riddim De riddim De riddimmmm
I have a thing where I get what I want.  No matter what it takes. #verydetermined
I love my daddy :)  he gives me what I want.
I relll on this June bomb Riddim
If yuh too stush I doh like ya! #chune
Is how uz affect me tho. Daphuq jed
Still don't know what to do with my hair
I'm always putting others as priority and none on myself. This year its about ME! 
Actually going to do something for my bday :) woot woot!!
Body sore.  #Dancelife  in need of a massage. Mums not on me :|
I feel extremely uncomfortable when you talk about my"bumper" . Especially if I brother zone you.  Just stop ett right now!
Air drying. :) :)
I know I'm supposed to be enjoying free time cause I'm always legit busy but I'm losing my mind in this house!!!!!
STOP SENDING ME  300 MESSAGES.  TYPE IT IN ONE AND THEN SEND IT.  NOT EVERY WORD SEND INDIVIDUALLY!!! UGHHH
People are annoying me
@GodBlessBase that's when I put on weight.  :'(  but thanks luv!
@GodBlessBase *blocks face* not really eh
And even when youaccomplish that step, you find a new height to aspire to. #theloveofdance #passion #myLife
When u dance You feel all sorts of emotions as you constantly challenge yourself to accomplish the unattainable perfection.
When you dance you feel exhilarated. Your sweat is the passion bursting from inside you.
When you work out you feel good. You enjoy the sweat&amp; u feel accomplishedwhen you finally get an exercise As u see your body take new forms
Don't bend over backwards for people who would have your spine broken
Morning Twitter!  I'm feeling smoothie today;) me Love Me a smoothie
I want to go to the beach!!!
When you rly take in Spongebob u catch rel kix. They are idiots. How could there be fire underwater??
Sooo.... my body's still sore. I can't move. ... #dancelife #loveit
Lol my tweets Make me come Across bipolar. Lol  but its cause I think about so many things at the Same time
Simplicity is beautiful:)
My business is to create
Just wiped my phone.  Wow.  Too much things and faces I wish I didn't have to see again
This smoothie is giving me life right now
Made me a nice subway sandwich cher style.  And a delicious fruit smoothie.  #dinner
So I won't reply.  Simple.  I'm not having it
O Frick! Vibrating down my phone irrelevantly. Jah!
I can't take the hyper ones.  U msg me, I reply &amp;u reply in less than 3secs &amp; instead of sending one big msg,every word u send individually
Humans are annoying me right now
Is it bad that I don't reply to you.  I find you wayyy too annoying.  I just Can't
Need a massage asap :'(
Ma Back ma back ma back.
But ona real tho. First day back at rehearsal and I'm already sore. Jah!  #dancerlife
So I dance despite. ...  And with that love and deep passion , I'm good:)  #thinkpositive #happyplace
Not only to prove to those who believe I can never become but for myself because I believe you can achieve anything you put your mind to
I think despite the many challenges I have to inevitably face as a dancer I accept the challenge cs it helps me push even harder
What is the challenge in doing what you good at?  I'm a go getter.  Like a challenge
Gayness I cya handle.
..
Oh lord ah high. ...  celebrating life :)
The limit is the sky
Never heard a section of music that upset my stomach so bai. Tun up ma belly :/
Another woman's beauty is not the absence of your own
A positive mind will give u a positive life.  .... well so I've heard lol
Negativity attracts negativity
Is it bad that I hate remaking my bed.  Gawsh so much work. ..
Meen care much for your opinion tbh
Is how I lose weight tho.
O well.... kinda wanted to anyway
I honestly feel better.  Can I eat now????
You can know where your Heart truly lies.  When u miss rehearsal but all you could think about is the rehearsal.  #sick #missdancing
Woke up sick like a mofo :'(
Lemme cuddle in my bed.  I legit have a long long day tmrw
How can you msg me and every second another msg. N u talking hella shit n rel outerz. Dan! I'm dying
Dan your level of smalls is ridic!!!! Jahhhhh....
Officially in love with ed sheeran
Thinking out loud ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Love Kev and V :)
Training today.  Refreshing♡
Targeting every female species I meet
Bumpaaaa like rainn!!!
Ah roaming di street
Age is just a number ♡ #tanty #EA @TeamEA23 @Erphaan  chunneee. Bigup!!
Highest feeling ♡♡♡ #EA #chune
I want Ice cream
Can't wait for calypso competition.  Love meh calypso music ♡♡♡
If they don't know you personally don't take it personal
Got nothing to prove
Taking turns aint a sin
I'm up still! Love vacation:)
I am care less about anything Lately... I rel not on nothing.
Results cannot be out now! Nope
 . No way
Listen im most happy with my soca music. Best believe that
I need $$$ . I need another job.  Lol

Latin dancing :):)  just need a partner. #newyear
#salsabanton
This is my favorite time of year. Love meh Soca. The Vybz. And ofc My birthdayyyyyyyyyyyy :)

Is how I not bout that school life right now na boi
Weekend well pumped
Night was bessss!!!!
Tus besos ♡
Ed sheeran ♡♡♡
Kiss Me under the light of a thousand stars
Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love
There's definitely anger!
2014 Definitely taught me a lot.  2015 I definitely know my movements
Bout feels. Im about me this year.  All me e'rday :)
This year is going to be a great year.
2015 here we go!
Parents Cud be relll outtatiminngggg
A Special Thanks To.......: 
I rellll love ah Beach:):):)
Ughhh my life is complete:):):)
Ma boi say he will propose to me yes
 Pa Pa!
Today wasn't so bad after all
Raasttaaaaa
#dealwithit
Why am I still up.  Lol
Ah tell she gyal I Doh bizzness!!
Unpredictability is the key
Compartmentalize your life
Happiness comes from within. *Good vibrations*
Need the beach in my life right now. #beachbum
Credi en ti
Lol I ketch a fortune cookie vaps dey * ahaha lol *
Love yourself.  Love life. Never let any negative forces drive you away from your goal, your dreams.
Think positive.  Be positive.  Good vybz
Never compromise your standards for anyone.  Know your Worth
*Strictly business*
@Dre_22_ ahahah more like there's one car so I definitely can't.  Iz ah big man hoss ;) hehehe #bout
Y cant I just take the car and go
Chillday today.
I wonder what I could do tomorrow boi ;)
I think I want some ice cream.  :/ but I cant. I'm sick
I Want this.  "Get dressed I'll be there in 5 minutes"  :):)
Thank God for medication
@ShantelBethelmy it was but we're ok now.  I'm still sick but manageable
Thanks hun
What a way to end Christmas; at the hospital :/
Pigging it today.  Gyming it tomorrow
Is how I get sick jusso
This room is going to take me 3 years to finish
Eat something b4 ya go!
Could ppl stop asking Me about the "huzzy"?!? He was not my huzzy and we done so don't ask me unnecessary Questions.
@RyneUsa lol yh me too. Maybe in a lil while.  Lol cs is pure struggle n laZiness
Sunset was relll good.  Ugh♡ take me backkkk
I have that unconditional love for my bed.
I should probably start Cleaning  -_- bleehhhh
Is it weird in not feeling Christmas at all?
Or maybe not worth a thing
Crying out. Reaching out.  Craving. ... To matter. To be loved.  Appreciated. Not fighting down to be seen for what you're worth.
Rinse my woes
Well that's a first I'm hearing lol
Ok finally gonna study Christmas :):)
That sleep was most needed.
Still water runs deep
This weekend has been..... n its not over yet!!! #lovelife
Doh beat upppppp
I'm really liking this lipstick color.
Swear usher was up ina d Club last night.  Swearrr
Lord give me strength.  I can't give up now.  Just a few more hours. .
Almost at the finish line and is as tho I don't have the brain capacity to absorb anything. Focus
I need focus

When the beat drops out!
Bumper like rainnnn
During this season, i think about all those who just lost someone close to them, or have lost someone.
But this weekend........ I am soooo turnt. I deserve it! #finalyearstress #butImexcited
ugghhhh FINALS im soooooo over u right now!
Pressure to get these tickets. Bess I eh go again
So proud . Not even tired yet but I completed everything. #accomplished
Hans zimmer is giving me Life right now
So proud.  Still up.  Studying for real
Tus besos ♡
As soon as finals is over: necesito bailar
Need to kizomba!
@ayoo_reed or hor. Btr b a song.  Ah say ya fresh
 Lol.  Lol.
One chapter completed . Celebrating like it's all over! :). But it frikin isnt :(
@ayoo_reed but excuse me.  What is this reed.? Lol lol lol
Bumper is a blessing. Bumper is a blessing. Soca fi d night dem. Lol
Tove lo ♡
I don't waste time on shit.
love yourz  &lt;3 &lt;3  #Jcole #love #onrepeat
It's beauty in the struggle nigga, ugliness in the success
Dannn im literally overz it tho.
I'm literally dying here at how dumb this is.  Oh well. ... lol
Its 11:07...... #icant
Hahaha is dumb but true.  The main reason why I take a while to study.  Ahaha get yourself together! It's almost over.. lol
If d time isnt on d hr I can't start to study yet. So I kill time til is on d hr.If 1minpass d hr I hv to wait til its 1/4 past or 1/2 past.
#TeamNoSleep
Felt so right
Uhh...... I think I'm going back to sleep
When an exam is spread apart real far , it is creating room for limin. Which is what I've been doing.  I'll change my life tomorrow lol
All the time
High
Hbo showing Horrible bosses 1. I'm so Happy!
Horrible bosses 2 .. I died!!!!
Bored. ....
11:11
@ciitruspower lol vybzzz.
@ciitruspower ahaha creative much. Nice vybz
@ciitruspower lol at ya twitter name. Lol citrus power lol
@ciitruspower vybz. I'll let u know after my exam
@InstanttNoodles definitely! Can't wait :) #flexiblebantons
I need new bikinis.  And I need the beach. Like nowww. :'(
My splits were better last night @InstanttNoodles :) :) we flexible gyal :)  #titties #mylove
I love to stretch.  :) :)
Ugh so frustrated n fed up #finals
Big up EA . Mad!! #comefrom #bumperblessing #tanty #highestfeeling @TeamEA23 @Erphaan
Dan.....
@Empress_Mandi ahahaha that's like all mumz lol
What is the purpose of 3/4 of these watsapp emojis. Like daphuq. Ahaha
@Danielleee_J I'm very very sad . Don't leave I lovee youuuuuu :) :(
Good vibrations
I dream big dreams. Everything is possible once you make it possible
@Danielleee_J what is ur motive 4dancing? U have to want to do it for u. Despite your imperfections n nt geting attention, do it 4 u: dohGo!
I have that unconditional love for music that nothing and no one can come in Between
@Danielleee_J no! Behave plzz
Bumper like rainnn
@edsheeran ¤♡¤♡¤♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>¤<BLACK HEART SUIT>

No progress.  I'm exhausted :/ :(
Ah tell she gal I doh bizness!
Ok. Time to studyy, NOW!!!!!  Wasted 2hrs already.  Ughhh I just want to sleep.  :'( 
On the plus side, the coffee is working:)
Highest feeling . ♡♡♡
Set my midnight sorrow free
But if I can't have you I'll walk this life alone
I'm thinking out loud
@wittywhitz25 girls day out!! #pump
@wittywhitz25 can't wait.  !!!
@wittywhitz25 I knowwww #guilty
Study for 5-10 minutes, picks up phone and procrastinate.  Then do it all over again.  Cycle happens again.  #professionalprocrastinator
shoulda go my lecture for HRM. but da woman relllllll boring &amp; to top it off is a 3 hr lecture on a FRIDAY AFTERNOON #thatfail #ButIWillPass
Time to get your shiT together! #getoutofbed
Relllll glad shit doh bother me again. Like I used to rel beatup b4 jed. JAH!
1:11
@JosephMorgan excellent job with the originals.  Always blows my mind.  I need more!! Keep up the great work #inlovewithOriginals
Let's get carried away ;)
@MrKingDavid007 *blushes* I fit perfectly ;)  I love it lollol
@MrKingDavid007 I am lol:) *jk
High all the time
Stop making a big deal out of em lil things, let's get carried away
Drake. . Oh Drake
..
The originals really intense.  Wowww! Why do I have to wait till January?!?  :(
Iwanttt one :'( awww this child is beyond cute.  Omarion son :) ;) 
Coffee is a blessing *blessing* 
Lol definitely keeps me up
Really loving this healthy hair journey im on.  Curly hair &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Fk being on some chill shit
Dry cry even tears.  Even my heart cried but who cares
Welll bai. Lyrics fuh so tonight.
Poison. But it feels so good 
I'm a prisoner of hope
Bumper is a blessing (blessing) *holds head and wine*
le temps guérit
I'm definitely loving this benecaribe look :) I want everything
Last night was fun!! Needed that refreshing break.  Now finals again  #onlydidoneexam #ireallyoverdoingit #myGpaStillOnpoint lol
Love that after training feeling in the morning :) :)
But that was good.  Feel refreshed #fitlife #bodyfuhdays #tryingdasexylifething
I'm a gym banton. Lol #bout
If yuh see meh duckingggggggg
I wish
Big up @Erphaan this carnival season! #bumperblessing #highestfeeling :) :) soca making me happy!!
Ahahah when u at a party and remember what your gpa is. Ahahahaha I'm dying!!!!
One exam completed n I feel free! Get yourself together girl lol
Ah go drink maself to di highest feeling #chune #highestfeeling #socasweet
And ah go drink til ah 50! And ah go drink til ah 60!
1:11
I definitely Overthink too much lol
It's bad but it feels so right
Doh miss me when I'm goneeeee. #highestfeeling
Erphaan Alves - Highest Feeling [Official Music V…: 
Am I trippin' for having a vision
That's just how I feel.
It is possible to do this
 Don't give up. I repeat don't give up
Only your love can set me free
Boy ya better go dung go dung n jook!
Just because I don't react doesn't mean I didn't notice
Crunch time
Still waters run deep
I've been having too much fun.  And I'm still so chilled :/  #finalsweek
We are the victims of the choices we make
Rel games huh
Give.  But never the full picture
Place your head on my beating heart
Still waters run deep
El helado es la vida ♡♡♡♡
Only jah love can bless me through my days
I just Want to be a panda
Feeling to Watch the Phantom of the Opera
Wished it wasn't so weird
This AC overbullin d cow. Jah!!
Everytime parang season comes along *baron voice*
Still feel like I got enough time :/
"Ahahah badman doh toat. Bout toat" - my friends
Sometimes I never message firstbecause I hate to feel like I bother you
These people rel fass yes.  Jah know

why does shrek make me sad :/ wtf going on with me at this hour the night ahahahaha
haterz gon hate, niggaz gon nigg
Check yourself before you shrek yourself -_-
Music makes me an even happier person :) #musicislife
None but us can free our minds
Lock off that immediately. #dangerzone
What am I even going to wear?  Too many dresses to choose from and yet still it's never enough
Ill be sitting on my desk and  eventually end up on my bed.  How did I even reach here?!? #struggle
Waiting for the Good Lord to pass my way
No work done today. That's alright! I'm up all night.  #determined #examtomorrow
Effective much?
Love this life
Im still too chilled about finals.
Fighting sleep :'(
And it's even funnier when you actually start studying, you take a break soon after cs you 'hungry'. #blameitonthefood #procrastination
It's hilarious the amount of time wasted right before you actually study.
Heavy on my mind
No cher. No! Stop it.
Patience level on zero
Okay so I definitely Overthink <BLACK SMALL SQUARE>_<BLACK SMALL SQUARE>   *ugh*
Let that go. Definitely not worth it.
I Love me time :)
After my last last project I ain't trying to do NO work <BLACK SMALL SQUARE>_<BLACK SMALL SQUARE>
Soca makes me feel better. Always
I dont have time for this. I don't
@TopScolarBailey ikr. Right thru with this rain and making u sleepy sleepy :/ :(
One hour of studying. :/  And I'm drained.  Ima just blame the rain.
Happy happy birthday to ma boi @Erphaan . Blessings on this golden day and wishing you many more luv!
Okay I changing my life now.  Really have to get this work done. :/ liming is over :(
And I'm up.  Why??
My parents rellllll outta timing.  Like rel rel outta timing
When the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world.  -Timon [Lion King]
It's so real when uve procrastinated for 3 hours.  I'm gonna do this, NOW! #blehhh
Expect the lowest from everyone.  People you think you know, can turn out to be what you expected them not to be
@Heil_Ceasar * hugs* :-D
@Heil_Ceasar Thanks luv!!! :) u have an even better one tomorrow! :)
@Heil_Ceasar great! That's a good thing about today.  ;) :) ure alive ..  lol at the shrugs part.  Lol
@Heil_Ceasar I doh mean to but I rly did.  I want the world to know ! 
Did u have a good day?
I realize that my days keep getting brighter. That's weird but I like it! #studynowpumptonight
Well I had a good day :)
If yuh see meh duuuuuuuuckiinnnnnn.  Ah doh wah my boss tuh see so I duuuuuucckinnnn
Could that have been anymore awkz <BLACK SMALL SQUARE>_<BLACK SMALL SQUARE>
"You're a good soul" - Him
This is real Life.  Goddamn this is real.  I used to wonder what it feel like... #welcometoforever
Great day today :) :) :) ;)
Today I don't feel like doing anything. .. *whistles*
My tune dey fuh d carnival.  Swear I aint even studying xmas yet. #lovemasoca
If yuh see meh D.U.C.K.I.N.GGGGGG
Who does go to work on a Thursday, or even a Friday
You are my righteousness.  
You are royalty.  So I crown you King of Kings. Your majesty *bows down to my only King*
Literally addicted to sleep. Can't get enough.
R.I.P to the girl I used to be.  New and improved me.  Cher 3.0 (cuz I relll bad I cd skip 2 lol)
Most attractive thing about someone is their confidence.  ! Wear that confidence !
Love yourself.  Well I most definitely do
ma luva bday is tomorrow! :)
@wittywhitz25 gracias! Espero que me siento mejor al poco tiempo
@wittywhitz25 soy muy enferma. As soon as I get well ill let u know.
Need to breathe.  Lord be with me through this time
This is literally not the time #sick
@ShantelBethelmy ahaha yes u r hun ;) 
I'm doing ok for d hour. Hope u great bbz miss ya
Perfecta tu eres para mi
Tus besos se han quedado en mi cara
Ojala que llueva cafe
My sentiments exactly. 
11:11
I'm super exhausted.
i hate when I'm eating cereal and the last 3-5 pieces are like.. catch me if you can bitch
Accomplished what I wanted.  A turnt night :) :)
This rain relll not making this doing work thing any easier.  And I dont waste rain. Time to sleep.
This project needs to finish like. ... now! Is about that time.
So.... final year moving  dread. And I'm here procrastinating :/ and still calm.  What is happening.
Blue ticks on whats app tho.... &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Pump-a-tonz this weekend!
And just like that... *poof!* ..... sigh
But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise
Accept what you can't change.  Change what you can't accept
One of the hardest lessons in life is letting go.  Whether it be anger, love, loss or betrayal.  Change is Never Easy.
Display determination and resilience.  Be strong
Strength comes from overcoming challenges.  There is no single person has been successful who has not overcome obstacles.
Credo in te
Hold my peace.  I don't enjoy bringing pressure ina di camp
Or when you have to try to have a place.. 
At least there is one thing out of everything and everyone else ,when I love so dearly that will never hurt me. #Music ♡
Don't think it is wise to watch a horror home Alone
Fighting this war.  Don't give up the fight, even when you're fighting alone.  Never give up
This war. ... 
Yhh I guess 
Seems like there is happiness...
Well so much for hope
Walking on this road all alone

.
.
.

Literally :/
I've been settling scores, I've been fighting so long.  But I've lost your war and our Kingdom is gone
Take my heart and I'll lay down my weapons.  Break my shackles to set me free
@Heil_Ceasar I'll like that.  *blushes* :)
To study or to not study. That is the question. 
Instead I'll rockback till I ever feel to
@Heil_Ceasar boy hmm I reli duno. Lol *jk*
Another day huh
Be strong.  You could do this
" One day you'll look back and regret ever letting me go." : they usually always do
@jenn_janine I nowwwww saying that same thing
Rotiiiii :)
11:11.....
Think I'm losing it.  But I can't.  GOD give me the strength to keep that momentum and consistency in this process
This man trying relll hard.  Aha sigh
Put everything into God's hands and everything, EVERYTHING would fall into place.
Be patient
Khona
@johnny_hype this final year life too real yes :'( #pain
Find someone who is Willing and cares about you enough to Listen.
"stop trying so hard for people that don't care." Foo reallll eh. Hm
Lord I surrender All to You.  Everything I give to You , Withholding Nothing
Thank God for never leaving my side, even when I ignored Him. He is indeed faithful ♡
Strengthening my core being.
Pressing further for that all rounded beauty inside and out.
Spanish theater
Looks ain't everything.  Be looking good on the outside n messed up inside. Substance is important
 Something in the inside
Had a good day today.  :)... #progress
Nothing worth having comes easy
I am a strong believer of never giving up on something good in your life.
All night alone shouldn't be that bad.  I need this.
11:11
Tell me what you want or what you really really wanna do #okidone
@TaylorAkil chunnnnnneeeee ehhh *holds head gets on bad*
There's a million people underneath the sun, that can find a million more but never find the one
Jah know
I will be there when you need me
Till its beautiful.  Oh you beautiful.
I will be there when you need someone to tell you that youre beautiful baby
When you came walking through the pallllleeeee, pale moonlight
Beres Hammond tho. That piece of music. Gawsshh I love iiittt!
They gonna talk they gonna talk they gonna talk!
When they see me with youuu,....when they find us together. . When they know we're in love
Some things were meant to be, so why not let it be and stop worrying about it
We were just strangers in the night
I can't let you go. Oh no no , not my baby. I cant let you walk out my life. .. #chune
And this new love I would treasure, i'd be faithful and true til the day I die
I think I won prize from the very first time I looked in your eyes
Only your love can set me free
Never thought love would look me in the eyes,  I lift my head and what a big surprise
I serve an Almighty God.  Who knows and He hears and He is there.  With me♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
@mari_fred19 no eh . Just ya bumpa!
About a week ago. ..
I miss my big Brother at the moment :(  #astral  #bighead
New turn in my life: 
Loving myself
Believing in myself
Optimistic
Less over thinking
More positive outlook on life
Determined

New me :)
Stay consistent. Stay persistent. Don't give up.
No longer would I be so loving and caring.  That shit always gets you hurt. Messes you up for life
The journey is what makes the end product. Dont give up on your journey.  Process is good
Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard u are to handle, but still wants u in their life.
This journey is long. But I know God is with me. Everything always happens for a reason, a greater purpose for my life by God.
If it doesnt bring me genuine love and loyalty or bring me laughter, peace and any closer to God, and my goals,I have no time for it
I think it's possible, everybody thinks it's possible.  But the one who should, Doesn't
Benup...... BENUP!!!!
A walk remember feels :/  ..... #toats
One thing bout music, when it hits you feel no pain
@Heil_Ceasar a a. So y u hate me mr ceasar?
Im too loyal and too focused to be losing and be hopeless
Don't hate me cause I'm Beautiful
Whoa! Reverse it ... crash di bumpa pon me
Bendup. Bendup!
Total life turnover
God knows what He is doing.  In total control
Ain't sleep yet. .. sigh
How encouraging. .. Nothing else but to make me feel worst about myself
This life yes. Hm...
Literally this season just have me like whoa! I cant deal :'(
These feels on #tvd
I love enzo tho!!
Im losing it slowly............
Ah thiefin ah little tonight.....
Soca! Like i always said, always gets me happy when Im in the worst mood
ah feeling ah feeling!
hot sexy gyal show yourself!!

Stop the idiot cher. You are losing it
Normalize?more like torturize
I will get through this madness
I will be strong
More like a drug?
Life is overwhelming me Right now.  Can someone, anyone. ....
Have you ever wanted to cry but no tears came out ? so you just stare blankly into space while feeling your heart break into pieces. ...
I need to leave.  Leave where I don't belong... #thislife

Sometimes I do really stupid things.  Like have feelings. .... Such a silly thing to do ..
This life... Hope for the life you want.
Uggghhhh.. Mother nature!!!!
In some serious Deep thought
I wish you could see that the life you have is a blessing  and that I can make it beautiful
I really don't know. ..
I always the problem! I hate it when I'm absolutely genuine and normal and then some kinda shit to change my mood.
This weather frizzin my hair yo. Chill.  Where's the sun at?
I feel cold :(
And my body is sore once again
This weather tho.. geez
@JoJo_ramz steups. U r so dumb!taking over what!?? Lol babe... no eh
These feelssss tho...
Im just extremely emotional right now! #tvd season 6! I cannot wait a week, I need this in my life now!!!
Elena.  I definitely would of felt like dying:'(
I miss damon:'(
These tvd feels :'(
Diehard TVD fan!
TVD TODAY!!!!!!!!!! SEASON 6 LETS GO!
Everyday!!?! Creepy
11:11
@JoJo_ramz huh
This lecturer tho. I cannot understand his language. I want to leave :'(
11:11
I am extremely stressed right now! Ughhhhhhh
Every Saturday morning I am angry.  I love sleep and I have to work
Throw em back til I lose count
Really embarrassing moment.  Lol oh well.  That's life
Hashtag truth 
All I ever do is care and well... look at the product of this mess
Take a deep breath.
Back square one
One of the most scariest experiences I ever had to face . How do I be strong when I'm so weak !?
Freaking out!!!!
Without doing anything, always doing something.
Is right through inno. Steupz. I done.
Locking in.
U see this .... I rel done
Anddddddd I worry too much.
Still up
Worried :'(
I must say we're imperfect but we are perfectly crazy about each other
Lesson learnt.  Not bout that life
That moment when a normal conversation with my mother turns into a lecture about life -_-
I just want to be where you are, in your dwelling place forever
I won't show it. I will just do it.  D.E.A.L
Beauty for ashes.  Always soothing to listen to.
That time in your Life where you decide to deal with it, come face to face instead of locking off and ignoring.
Want a heart that forgives
Time to let go.  Lord help me. . Teach me Lord, to let go,. No longer will I be held back.
Up at 3 in the morning...  *lies in bed* *deep thought*
He gives beauty for ashes.  Strength for fear.  Gladness for mourning.  Peace for despair.
Opens eyes *checks phone*
You are my fortress, You are my strength and in You I know I can depend
Just a few more hours
Ugh! Rinse my woes
@wittywhitz25 ikr
@wittywhitz25 lol. Thank you!  N dont stress hun! Take a deep breath and keep going
@wittywhitz25 lol awww dont stress.  N  is the weather got Me all scared n stuffs
@wittywhitz25 why are you awake? Lol
This lightning and thunder is extremely scary. :'(
Deep in thought.
Shell out shell out
I'm literally angry, sad and fedup all at the same time
Wish I wasnt this awkward.  I hate myself for that
I'm extremely awkward.  Why? :/
But time to move on Lasko. I need AC in my life now
You've always been there for me,never gave up on me and when I'm hot you're always there.  always will be special to me - my dear Lasko Fan
Throw em' back till I lose count .
A good human &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; pure looks
This Sam Smith album though ♡♡
Falling in love is all bitter Sweet
Feeling way better
That water just gave me life
This is why I should b driving myself.  The lateness
1:11
Urghhhh hate this!!!!!
I'll hold my tongue.
Easy healthy or not? Mmm decisions decisions
So hot today.  Need air condition in my life now :(
What comes easy won't last and what lasts won't come easy
Down ina ya down ina ya throat..  chune fuh so
I literally stopped believing in anything
If you love, love wholeheartedly. If you call your woman your world, you better treat her like it
@TaylorAkil ahaha welllll wen u put it that way.  Ain't so bad at all.  Wootwoot! Ah reach
@TaylorAkil nooo its creepy.like wa da phuq hoss. Lol everyday ???? That's weird lol
@TaylorAkil ithaunts me everyday!! Literally evryday I look at the phone at this same time :/ creepedout
11:11
Yup. Pretty much. 
Lord help me figure out what to do yes cs hmmm
1:11
Phuq being on some chill shiz
We go 0 to 100 nigga real quick
And I dont feel that shit, not even a lil bit. Oh lord
Lord help me
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth nigga. My actions been louder than my words nigga
Oh yh yh yh yh. Ohhhh
Am I wrong? For thinking that we could be something for real
Sorta frightening.  :/
This rainy weather too real
Drove like a mofo boss today.
We doh really care what nobody say, we come tuh ramajay (Aaa A) we come tuh Break away
Very irritated
I can't deal with this na
So precious
I actually hate this course.
I remember you did ethics in business.  U have any text books or anything? @Dre_22_
This man too glad hoss.
I hate lectures. Ughhhh
Holy ,holy ,holy is the Lord
Overwhelmed. . Ughhhh love this
We got a good thing going.  Hoping for better
Everybody haffi know
Having to do a course inclusive of homework, mid terms and a final exam and for NOCREDITS!?! That is a problem.  Very unnecessary for life
I definitely do have interest in other languages.  But jahhh boi.
The higher you go, the harder the fall.
If you know what is wrong and right and you choose to still do wrong and go against the Word of God is a scary place to be in God. #dontdoit
Do not mess with the grace of God
I'll cross the seven seas.  Steal your heart
Roti :) :) know how long I want roti
@JoJo_ramz u r killing me eh.hahaha
@JoJo_ramz ahaha. Lol ill have to iron it.
@Ellis7X oh. I say u buss out.  Ok coolzz
@Ellis7X I was thinking the same thing.  :)btw sir I eh see u for the week
Long dress or short dress. . Decisions decisions. ..
Step by step things would start falling into place
Give thanks for Life
Itsssss soooooo hotttt ugh! I can't deal with this heat.  Has me all grumpyfied n shiz
This heat today tho... jahhhhhh
Put God at the Centre of everything.  He's your rock.
Thank God for life health and strength
I'm legit freaking out here
Now what else can go wrong? :( I don't think I could sleep
@JoJo_ramz no... I just sleep lol
Lol I'm laughing at the rate I just tweeted.  Lol I'm too much
Comfortable and confident in my skin :)
U ain't nice anyway
One day imma be rich and successful and all yall who be bitchin now gon wanna friend with me.  Good luck
You'll get it back.
Idgaf bout noone unless I know u for me too.  That one way shit I not about.
Back at it
Ugh this movie.  :'(
@Danielleee_J ikr. Beautiful.  And so touching all at the same time
Phantom of the Opera.  Very beautiful movie.  Music is wow. I can't describe how beautiful it is
Snapchat:  ch3ryb3ary
IG:  ch3rybeary
Like a cold summer afternoon.  Like the sun coming out in June.  Like a wedding without a groom, I'm missing you
This is why I have limited friends.  Yall bishes out here tho...
It annoys me that only if it affects either yourself or  specific people, then you actually find a fuk. This life yes
Some people are very insensitive. I'm Human too n Im going thru a hard time. Don't got to be so rude.  Shit! "Whose fault is that?" Really?
That one time, in band camp
Damn you uwi
Off my chest and I feel better.

Don't nobody kiss it like you
Ugghhh Chris Brown need to stop it. Lawd father jesus
These random emotional moments.  Damn you Disney
I doubt I watch lil mermaid and cry :/ it serious yes
Bess I marry a Disney movie man yes. Eric from Lil mermaid rel love he wife
Bout crazy. ..
Basically. .. 
As the days go By this will get easier.  I could be me and it  can't bother nobody.  :)
If im worth it.  Fight for me.  All pride aside
@Ellis7X boy if u only know. ..
11:11
Basically 
If you find a good one, keep them
We met for a reason.  Either you're a blessing it a lesson
Behind my smile is a story you will never understand
Sometimes when much is given, you love it, get in a trance and forget that she is worthy too
If she's worth it, you'll fight for it.  Is she worth that much to you?
You gotta earn me.  I ain't easy.
Don't just give up because things are hard
Orange is the new black
Amen jcole ..."@JColeDC: Some people will never appreciate what you do for them."
If it's not reciprocal its not happening
No longer
Another day.
Sigh 
I need to occupy my life
Shopping was beautiful. .. need more. . More and more
Forever21 #mylife
Needed that drink.  I absolutely don't know how I'm going to do this. .. And as usual. . On my own
Nothing in the planet right now can help me now
Never been this bad before. . -_-
Hopeful
And we have arrived.  #costarica
Keep wearing that mask cher.
When you at your endpoint about to drown..... Who do I turn to?!
Decisions decisions. ...
Today will be a good day.  Finally need one of those
Put ya mudda * hands up
Girl its forever
I am done.
Priority? Where do you stand? I know where I stand. ....... nowhere. Noone
Have to find myself and what I'm good at.  To be successful In what I do and actuallu be good at it
5days. Another reminder how my life changed
Ice not even helping
Bodyyyyyyyy :'(
Besides the fact I feel like something is wrong with me, I feel like I have no place in what I do
Probably time to close up shop. Probably the right time
I do what I love but im not good at it
Im usually always a target to get picked on
Body so sore top travel to pos :'(
@sincerelyzahzy yh gyal :/
@sincerelyzahzy moneyyyyy grl :/
Wanna go out this weekend :'( where to go
@JoJo_ramz welll..  u know what to do
Patrick J. Adam is engaged?????? Ugh :'(
Damn right.  Or just doh bizzness 
Human nature is so funny eh. Rockback vybz ftw
When they don't appreciate your presence, they definitely will appreciate your absence.  For sure
When you don't take people on, then they want you.
"@JoJo_ramz : You're the only one I want, nobody else."
Nice Lil workout.  Dance later :) #determined
Just wouldn't talk about it.  Just wouldn't think about it
Progress finally.  I could hear
At the Doctor for a 10am appointment. . It's 11am :/
Random Random I feeling dizzy:'(
Lately I've been feeling dizzy,  unstable and upset in the stomach. What is happening to me??
Feeling a bit better :)  all these meds tho got me real drowsy
@kinoXrated amen to tht hun
Not me na!  Never expect shit from nobody 
Back it and Brace Gyal!
But this excruciating pain I cant deal with so I'll deal wit it
On antibiotics yet again.  Ughhhh !! Hate it...
Necessary in my life? About to start cleansing yes..
Never gonna see a brighter day huh?
I have been through hell, without a thought there was any possibility of getting out. Deeper into the dark. No way out.
Don't have a heart.  Best way to go.  Trust me
Ima hold my peace
How much longer do I have to live like this
Raincheck? Story of my life
Have Noone to 
....
Who can I talk to
11:11
Ah doneeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Final year baiii.... I eh know if I could do this.     -_-
I could do this :/
Last stretch
Exam today
I rel fed up 
So nervous
#helpme
Finally some progress being made
11:11
One more episode to keep me up
I  always think I have time... But I do tho
Exam Thursday . me:sleeping, dancing, dozing off and today is Tuesday
Got a lot on my mind lately. .. alot alot
@romanymalco scene walking through water to propose take win! Definitely set the standard for any potentials. Best scene ever♡
Deep contemplation
Yall are to judgemental geez
11:11
Just saw think like a man too! Loved!!!!!!!  Too much kix
Usher tho ♡♡
Usher in this video tho. . The music and beat on point Also :) loveeee itt
Don't nobody kiss it like you
Good kisser!!!!!
Bout support. I done
My earrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Owwwww
Poor rachel. Right tru  she getting brace
I eh sleep yet. :/
Thats what I get for having expectations.  Always lead to disappointment
.. No expectations
These antibiotics suck. Need a cold one
Once Friday pass I good
6days after Friday is my next exam. Me eh know nun.  I just not on it.  6days is plenty.  I could do it
I have exams Friday n I jus rocking back normel normel #ihaveissues
Boob na answering his phone :(
African drum flavor in d background dey... I done
Dip.... take ah dip an go down now
Lean on meh.... go dung on meh.....  [fi di gyal dem]
I rell have a ting for bass. ... it is everything in music.. ladd fadda!
Devious maids, vampire diaries, originals NNEEEddddddd to start nowww
I need this in my life @cwtvd @DeviousMaids @cworiginals
@jenn_janine ikrrrr ... I can't wait
@jenn_janine I begging for it.  Idk when it is :'( I jus saw d finale
Zoila is pregnant
#ErnerstoFalta is alive
Someone gets shot
#DeviousMaids would…
SEASON 3 NOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!???? I CANT LIVE @DeviousMaids
who is ernesto falta?????????????? @DeviousMaids
waittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt who dead!!!!!?????????/ @DeviousMaids
This song is trouble yes... I done fi di night dey #ondwall
Dip! Take ah dip and go down now.... LAWDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD #ShellOutShellOut @Erphaan chunnneeeee
SHELL OUT! SHELL OUT! #ondwall
11:11
Sunrise .... Me: now going to bed
I have finals this Friday and all I do is sleep and say "na I have time" #procrastinationtuhdihighestheights
Dannn I am craving the beach, Tobago, nice lil vaca
All me for real
"Bring da bam bam here lemme tackle it! " #partyak #vybz Ladddooooii
now yuh know ah noisy fuh sooooooooooooo #partyak
Partyak is ma chune for d summer now. VYBZ PON VYBZ
Bumpa to fender! Traffic, woahh
Last minute of today I thank God once more for sending you in my life.  You're the best. I love you♡ @JoJo_ramz
13.11.13 ♡
I for you, you for me. I'll continue to love u endlessly Because you are worth that much &amp; more to me. ♡happybeginningOfForever♡ @JoJo_ramz
Father Lord. ... I could do this
On the home stretch. ...
I doh need permission to mash dis place up!
We doh have no discipline.... #partyak Ah noisy fuh so
Party People make some noise!
Tun it up loud! Tun it up Loud

1:11
And all dem hrs, I still lost
Still at it.  4:58am. This study life sucks
I really hate Gay but I am irrevocably in love with my boyfriend ♡ I cant help it. .. just for tonight @JoJo_ramz
Rachel and Mike!!!!!!!!!!!!
This whole week I've been feeling gay.
I cant deal with this shhowwwww
Suitsssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This ain't no ordinary love.  @JoJo_ramz
I am extremely frustrated about this course.  I know absolutely nothing, no understanding of anything.  I am about to freak out!!!
Weyyy germany boiii
And when I lock off, I totally lock off. I dont take anything from yall anymore.  I flickin independent! So Respect that im a biga★★ woman
I am so pissed right now! I ready to trip!
How many phuqin times do I have to emphasize that I am not a child anymore. Just speak to me! Dont yell!!!!!
Either you start speaking to me with stone respect or you don't speak to me at all
Still up. .. clearly I should read
I'm up. I could choose to study but damn I procrastinate too much
Awesome workout session today tho... Well yesterday
So tell me why am I always up at these random times?
I think I need that coffee now *yup!*
I sniff fake people from 10 miles away.  Get Away!!!! You reek!
I could give a flying fart anyway cause I am unique. Flick alya who wanna be normal
Sometimes I honestly think something is wrong with me.
#isthatweird that I harmonize to every song I hear with or without words?
Getting trouble focusing. .. so I curl up in my be instead thinking "in 30 mins I'll start work".  About 3 hrs past. .. still waiting. ..
Everything is nice. Aaaa o o
I'm feeling high
I miss you
When I met you in the summer, To my heart beats sound
When I met you in the summer
Ah woah
Mawninnnnn Twiddah
I'm just so fresh and Clean (so fresh and so clean clean)
These feels tonight tho...
I've actually been told I'm really Harsh and emotionless
Not an emotional Person at all
Oh my dear insecurities, i hate you so much
11:11
We accept the love we think we deserve
Cause you can bandage the damage, you never really can fix a heart
Straight sexing no handcuff or arresting..... well yes J Cole... lol
Gotta tell your old boyfriend skate girl cause a nigga don’t play them ex games
I must say quite strongly that JCole and his beats/music is epic! Definitely underrated
How you gonna Accctttt Likeee Thaatttt
I got that summertime, summertime sadness
Life now hit me yes.. sigh
What to do today? I home scratching whole week.  (Ok I suppose to be studying)
Listen Tyrese.....

@anjewahh :) ure growin beautifully . Cant wait til I see u. Jus msg me kay hun. ♡ you
@anjewahh I miss u so much. So happy ure graduating. Growing up so fast! ♡
@anjewahh il try to pass if I can just to see u
@anjewahh ook cool. Can't wait to see u in ur dress. Where is the grad?
@anjewahh only.  Hehe. Dont hav an outfit. N my hair ina mess or else I wud of.
@anjewahh u callin to arrange to see each other? Not specifically Saturday?
@anjewahh so im going? Lol
@anjewahh im free after5.
All I ever wanna be is somebody to you
@anjewahh yesss we do!!!!! I miss u. U redi for ur grad?

Ron Kenoly all the way!.
@theothermjames whenever you up in the easy let it be Your pit stop :)
@theothermjames I nw see this.  Im gd tho. Hw r u
Don't know why im up at4 in the morning :/
Is There anyone up?
Clearly im in need of some assistance. My problem is I'm not perfect
Okay so I definitely screwed up
I would like to be your only in your life, I want to be the only man Real quality time and affection #bujuvybz
@theothermjames oh lol sry but I love the show
@theothermjames maybe what?
I cannot wait till next Monday!
That new girl bess too. Stiles get tru! Lydia coasin so stiles hada move on finally !
Na boiii teen wolf season 4 looking rellllĺllll good already.  I do miss allison tho
I still think allison shouldn't remain dead
This teen wolf season tho
I will hold firm and be strong when I have no one around to support me in these times
We have all become desensitized to everything.  That should not be. But then again, I probably just weird
Everything in life all around me has become a norm that no one cares what's right anymore
I haven't eaten a proper meal in weeks but no more
Hard in the paint
@JoJo_ramz no. I love you ♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
@JoJo_ramz exercise love.
Wats app emoticons is sooo much shit .. A hahaha im dying
Incognito. ... Isolation
Yup! Basically 
Too much on my plate all at the same time :/
Nevaseecomsee ppl I cannnnnoootttttt handle! Frick! !!
This toxic environment where I live... need to permanently leave
Yall don't care about me. but you know what, I wont be here for much longer
When I write off someone, trust me, you don't exist, and never will exist.
This going on too long. .
Yall have no idea what yall doing to me. ...
Taking too much bullshit
When everything else makes no sense, I have you
My family is the most outta timing ... ever!!
Humans only care about themselves.
Can't get that third allegro in advanced1 song out my head.  It's too too beautiful :'(
At the end of everything, nothing else in this world matters but God. He is the beginning and end of all things
God I give you all the glory.  Be Glorified ♡
I want a cupcake
One of the many things I absolutely hate...
My feet kill me
Each time it gets better
Had a beautiful talk with my father today.  I will treasure it forever ♡
Love this rainy weather:) time to cover up! And sleep
This rain just making the process of studying so much harder than it already is
Ugh!! When dont you not have something to tell me?!? REALLY
Some parents can be dumb
A new future. Not looking back at the past with irrelevant memories an people that have no place in my bright future.
Unfair shit. Not me eh! Sorry but iz a big woman
It is very serious #GameOfThrones 
11:11
And that definitely confirmed it
Life is a funny thing.  Boi.. hmm...
Never say you don't want something cause you will get exactly what you don't want
The power of words
Getting things in order one day at a time
Day well spent
Enjoying life ♡
Martin had a dream
Goddamn I feel amazing.. damn I'm in the matrix
So many years. Still haven't learnt my lesson... -_-
@izegary a aaa
Rockback and watching means girls
An entire week home with thw struggle to eat.
sigh
Not today.  Not ever with me again yes.
My grades are on POINT this semester tho.............gooood job cher :)
Home yet again.  With no food. This life is not for me
Oh why can't my house have food
Still up.... :/
And yet again I'm up
Need a nice cold one
Im so glad they got rid of joffrey. Finallllly
I love arya!!!!
Need to stop waking at these demon hours of the morning.  Its vacation! :(
So clearly I can't sleep
@Cassanova_PNV old
.
 Im actually now catching up
"You know nothing John Snow"  and ma girl get put in she place . Ah love iitttt!!!!!!!
John Snoowwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!! Ah say to stop it!!! *fans self*
Always said to myself one day if I had to choose an artist I want to meet, it would be him. @NeYoCompound ♡
A composer, writer, singer, dancer.HE HAS IT ALL! Goodness! He adds a unique flavor to everything he is apart of! I love him @NeYoCompound
@NeYoCompound  will always and forever be my most favorite artist because of his talented abilities. He is de master &amp; everything I wanna be
Why Bonnie!? She sacrifices herself for everyone. Whyyyy???????? :'( #TVDFinale #tvd
Damon :'( #TVD Whyyyyyy damonnn??
Never me again na. Lun meh lesson
I never...
Need to get out of the house!!!!!!! Hate it home
Baiii..
. PHUQ everybody yes. Humans cant help demselves
So the gym is a must!!
Its always a wait wait wait wait with these parents of mine.  TOTALLY FED UP
Im free and frustrated:/
Last stretch cher  don't give up now. .
Wow. Did great in a course I never attended, read txt bk for or knew anything about.  Good job Cher! Definitely deserve to pump!!! :) :)
@JoJo_ramz hmmmm
@JoJo_ramz hmm
Its 4:44
This PK life.  You won't get it. Its not the same
After tomorrow. .. hmmm im sooo ready to PARRRDAA......STAY HOME
Craving candy and a nice cold beverage
Deep breaths..... *inhale.... exhale*

What a beautiful day... and to top off the awesome day I have to study
Dilemma
1 more to go!!!!
No longer will there be jokes. ..
2 minutes to go!!! :)
Don't give a rats ass bout human perception.
Im never at the shiny end of the stick but there are great things ahead for me
I am pleased with me. And I have the biggest fan there is who will never leave or give up on me. He made me&amp;Im perfect in his eyes -God
Great people go through the toughest times.
If you let what people think of you or whether or not you are well favored bother you, you'll never grow for yourself
I legit cant get out of bed :'( im so tired #danceteacherlife #earlymorningdemonhours
No one. ...
This never ending pain
Never rely on anyone or anything for my happiness. I'm in charge of that
So I'm putting my defenses UP ,cause I dont wanna fall in love. If I ever did that, I think I'd have a Heart Attack- @ddlovato Good job demi
I have changed. It has begun
Well bai...  hmmm
Real not on school though... kill me ded exams done
@JoJo_ramz ok
The hotter the battle, the sweeter the victory
Dance will never die! ..... do di bounce, willie bounce
Okay I'll study later. This clearly is not happening
Bring me down, Can't nothing, bring me down, My level's too high. Because Im HAPPY! :) #lovethissong
Most unproductive study ever

And I got another A for my midterm :) GO CHER :)
Right after exams im in heavy need for gym! All that eating :/
@anjewahh mostttt definitely:) :) :) can't wait! Imiss you
Oh summer, I smell you already :)
And on a greater note... idc :)
On another note I'd rather not speak anymore
2 more exams to go. I feel completed already.  Year 2 almost over
Well that was unproductive. ..
Starts to study.  Automatically need sleep.  Da hell going on!
Can't wait till next week Wednesday!!!!!!!
@iamvondutch good luck vaugn!!!!! :) hope it went well
Exam tomorrow and Wednesday and I now start to study. Sigh* #dancelife
Im so proud that I am legit up still studying.  Ok more like reading and idling around for no reason
Last night of the show! Ugh I just love what I do!
11:11
May the 4th be with you
lock off that life
Can't get any sleep! Or study! Hate this
Yuh damn if yuh flicking do. Yuh damn if yuh flicking dont
Iz ah man dun yes
I can't
Isolation
Yup it's showtime.
Well I'll just handle it.
:'( :'( :'( crumbling!
I think I damaged my hip :'( :'( this realllly hurts
It is not too late to ger tickets. Come join us in our show Perception.  1st-4th May. Tonight is opening night
Its showtime.  But
Metamorphosis Perception | CCN TV6 | 7PM News 
And I don't give
Happy 10th anniversary Mean Girls;) :)
@anjewahh check ya msges hun
Finals begin today! Ugh.  Oh the joy
Soo overwhelmed right now. Have no one...
So stressed an fed up right now!!!!! Don't speak to me
On this heavy grind.  Don't speak to me
Is it that I'm being provoked cause I'm absolutely fed up! Just shut up!!!!! Jeezzz
When a rich nigga want cha! (want you babe)
Depressed. ....
@johnny_hype u in uwi nw with a usb?
@johnny_hype I got all public sec hrm slides.  If u need it
Butterflies up inna di place! I could flyyyyy @JoJo_ramz
Viewing life from a different lense. Everything is more beautiful
Cureee againn! *jahcure voice*
Dey say if ah drink puncheon ah go deddddd ... look ah still here #chune
Dem spreading rumors (what!) Rumors!! (wa yuh say!?)
The thing I hate most about studying is the fact that I am hungry allllll the time. And the house has scarce resources :/
DONT HAVE SEX! Cause you WILL GET PREGNANT, AND DIE! - #MeanGirls  I DIE everytimmmeeee :'( :'( ahahaha
8 days till finals ... ugghh
@ch10k3 lol naaa I had to go...  but yh I was there!
@ch10k3 you did!! Thought u noticed me cs u waved lol
I am soooooooo fed up!!! Just leave me alone! My life!!!!!
Having a good heart , can put you in some f'ed up situations
I AM FED UP OF HUMAN BEINGS!!! #backinmyhole
@JoJo_ramz hmmmm
@JoJo_ramz hnmm
@JoJo_ramz hm
There has to be an explanation for all of this?!?! Or is something just completely wrong with me
I really DONT understand. ???! But I'm not letting it get to me
Jesus went through way more so who am I?
@Youniique lol ahaha exactly!! He ridiculous.  But still love the movie. I heard it's 10 yr anniversary today for mean girls

Don't have sex, because you will get pregnant. And die! - Coach Carr #meangirls
Aint a party without me!!!!!!!!!!!!! *fist pumps* *throw waist*
@flussyflus OMGGGG  weeyyy i doubtttt

Ay let me holla at you!
I got the sweetest love there ain't nothing sweeter
I legit had to cook.
Princess Diaries2 :) :) :)
Could this place be any ridiculous? No bread no food! how I living?
I need more sleep but every lil noise waking me
12 days till finals :'(
I cant get proper sleep in this house. All the noise:'(  ONLY 5 hrs sleep
Every now and then, it hits.. *sigh* BUT such is life
U BRING DI JOHNNY!  I BRING DI HENNY!
This haunted feelingggggggggggggg   ooOOOO
I love how yuh taking your time with me
Starts studying 12:45 .... *Feeling like this studying thing REAL &amp; I push a good 2 hours*  *Looks at the time*   Its ONLY 1:05  -_-
Too Real Music reallllll sweet... #ICantDeal Now i Dont wanna study anymore lol
Yuh was Born for Dis
@kerwindubois  voice though...... Just add to that beautiful soca-ness #TooReal
I've been drinking I've been drinking
I mean I do like Jake, but Team Fitz :) #ScandalFinale  #Scandal #ScandalThursday
Poor Fitz #Scandal
On another note, Huck... rellllllllllllllllll weird #scandal
Some soca to keep a girl up during torture of studying. #soca #vybz #takingamusicbreak
This procrastination ting on a heights
Love &amp; Basketball &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I think i want an iPhone .. big man ting
AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thurdaysssssssssssssssssssssss :) :) :)
@Doppz_25 ahahaahahahaha!!
i legit starting work at 12am! THURSDAYS is a kinda day
SCANDALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL FINALE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) :)
Robin Thicke NEEDDDSSS to stop it.... *jizz
I need a nice cold .....  DEFINITELY
Iz ah man sucking toffee whole day . Too many sweets and candy.  And just lying down.  I rell need to get it together
After #TVD ill focus.  Till then.  Im gonna relax and watch stuff
Motivationnnn!!!!???? Any Where? Anyone?
I don't know if I can with these finals :'( so much on my plate right now im overwhelmed:'(
Tonight definitely has to be an all nighter !
No progress

... im sleeping right through
Every time im home, I am automatically sleepy:'( #noprogress
11:11
When im home I get absolutely nothing done.  Sigh
I am so fed up right now and to top it off, youre so ignorant! Steups!
Sleep tonight study tomorrow ? Or study tonight study tomorrow?
To sleep or not to sleep. That is the question
Eclipse tonight. But iz ah man have to get up hella early. I aint gat time for dat!
In for another fight. Cause you're worth it
Thought I almost lost you
I cannot study home. All ive bern doing is sleeping
I'll do this. ... alone.
There is definitely good humans out there.  Especially the ones who least expect, has your back #encouraged #motivated #readytogo
Lord hmm.. for sure for sure ah done
Beating up much. .. :/
1:11
@JoJo_ramz hmmmmm
@JoJo_ramz hhmm
@JoJo_ramz hmm
Support? I think not.
Im extremely tired.  How am I to push studies if im always tired
Too much on my plate right now I cant deal. I just can't
I am completely overwhelmed.  #life #finals #dance #work #him
@JoJo_ramz hmmm
Life only comes around once, so do whatever makes you happy, and be with whoever makes you smile.
Nobody knows what you feel inside.
on a side note, I accept it...
Love Life! Its only one you got! 
No one inno..... not a soul
Body sore and still have to travel! Ughh
Im up.  Im gonna see if I can get an hour in before rehearsal
I legit sat to study and knock out soo cold. Whyy!!?? I need to study but im just soo tired! I cannot fail
I am extremely beat and tired. :/ can't get off the bed
Yeah so howw awkward was that...
You beat your book baby! You can do it! @JoJo_ramz
Yea so tonight il rock back.  Bout work...
11:11
All I really want is a massage.  And the beach.  Thats not alot to ask for
Soaked feet. Ice pack on both legs
, ankle, back.  #sorebody
Double di ground! Double di ground!
Soca usually does the trick!
Just when im to about bep, puts on soca 2014 playlist, ENERGY FUH SO!! Now I have energy to continue beating these books.
Always wrong
11:11
I serve a higher power. No reason to worry or stress. I got Him and He got my back!
God thinks im well capable and able to achieve greatness because I am Great! :)
Now that is coffee! I eh sleep and have energy fuh so!
Lord give me strength through this frustrating time. I can do all things through You and by Your grace.
21 days. ... GET YOUR ISH TOGETHER! YOU COULD DO THIS CHER!
I can achieve greatness. Because I am validated and defined by a higher power where I am well capable to do anything
Silence all your doubters and believe in yourself
Silence all your doubters
I could do this!
23 days till finals. :/
11:11
@Kendra1895 u in tablespoon
So I dont get depressed and upset, all the hard work pays off eventually and im gonna be successful
I like to think of my life in a long term sense. All the current situations give access to a big bright future.
Finally finished all my individual assignments!!!!!!! Celebration? Nope #foreveralone
Incognito
Greater things ahead Cher:) so embrace the Now
Everything happens for a reason. So don't coas on your current situation, there's something greater
@DarnellK_ happpppy birthday darling!! Enjoyy ♡ ya
@Kendra1895 lol yes I do. N wa drugs hada do with anything
@Kendra1895 ohkool
@Kendra1895 a haha haha u hv no skl today?
@Kendra1895 @JoJo_ramz he NEVERRR watch sound of Music
@Kendra1895 a hahaha!!! U clown
@Kendra1895 wa is this education thing u tlkin bout grl
@Kendra1895 @JoJo_ramz ahahaha wat is goin on. Lol.  N yh yh he phone vibrate so he feeling important
@Kendra1895 huh...
@Kendra1895 @JoJo_ramz welcome :) :) lol
@Kendra1895 a hahaha ahahahahahaha at di tablespoon part!!! U idiot hahaha haha
@Kendra1895 love you my sister.
@Kendra1895 oh frogggg. Stopppp lol
@Kendra1895 o geeedddddddd stop it. Lol I hearin ya voice in ma ears.
@Kendra1895 ewww!!!! Yuck!!! Lol hi sister sister:) :) ♡♡♡♡
@JoJo_ramz omg a hahaha. .. u r too muchhh
@JoJo_ramz ahaha u serious? Lol this is hilarious
This semester really has proven to be the make or break semester. ...
I sleepy. But wayyyy too much work to do:'(
I will not get a panic attack, I will not get a panic attack.  Please dont panic cher
28 days till finals.  Plus company show and assignments still due. No PRESSURE cher.... :/
I hate it here
Yup. Just as I expected :'/
Need the beach
I'll fight for my world
Now got the chance to see the Scandal episode! OMGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I CANT. I just CANT! This is too much!!! #ScandalThursday
Old me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Yeah so. I give up
Long day tomorrow. .. just like everyy Saturday
Surrounded
Only jah know
Lucky thing I got no class tomorrow
Why am I stil up!? :(
.......................
Just be phuqin real with me and we'll be cool
Thank the Lord I dont lime with plenty woman.  We just wont get along. Too much pettiness
Because I smile with you, laugh with you doesnt mean I consider you a friend, im just outgoing and you just exist
I hate fake people.
Maybe music instead? Or maybe there's nothing else out here for me
So yeah. . Definitely this is the last.. cant keep fooling myself and believing otherwise
My face tho... uuRrggghhhh!! :/
Didnt realize how terrible I look as a dancer.  Wow
It's finally over
My hair has finally made it! :) I love this natural hair life. So many different looks
Incognito
Excruciating back pain!!!!!
Body sore and I have an exam tomorrow:'(
As I said, immaturity!!!!!! Phuqqqq
@anjewahh answer your phone
Cuz im a friggin girl I can't do nothing.  So is a problem to do anything! Like wtf is da!? I NEEEEEEEED TO GET AWAY!!!
I love yall but I fed up!
I have NO ESCAPE! I just wanna get away. I trapped!!!!
Space..... .. okay
I did the best I can.. im done trying.
"Oh the effortless beauty... lovely" ... says a friend of mine. .. ah get tru den bai :) lol
@Ellis7X lol lol I know hun dbu :) ; )
@Ellis7X thats a song.  And it is about God
I give myself to You  ♡ I belong to you
You go to school: nothing happen. U miss one day:6 fights,Tupac cum bck 2 life, skl had a black out &amp; Beyonce performed in the cafeteria.
Make a collage na. Geez
You went to the zoo and all the animals you take pics of, YOU POST EVERY SINGLE ONE ON YOUR IG! You be scrolling an is di same shit.
People taking pics and filling up your IG with the same pic different angle.  Like wtf! Make a collage then!!!
I find it hilarious that there are people on your IG , liking ALLL your pics and when they see you in real, is like they don't know you.
I rel say I moving rel delinquent but like whatever I doing, it working:) Go ME!! :)
Another project: started the night before, got total. :)
So I legit started assignment night before it was due . I did an all nighter: results: an A :)
Is it bad that ive never heard this lemme take a selfie song?
He's amazeballs ♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
Anyone living arima and wanna drop me to school?
Happiness sneaks through a door you didn't know you left open

All I wanna do all day everyday is sleep
Ill hold you close
Maybe Some people are not cut out for greatness.
Stagnant
I have officially given up.
["You must believe for your dreams to come through" . "You determine your dream" "You are the pilot of your dreams" ]...Ah pack ah bullshit
Life is not like the movies... television has warped our mindset
All these projects, so much to do, so much on my mind... :/
@racks_on_racqs u in skl?
I honestly believe she will come back. She is one of the stars of the show #RIPALLISON #TeenWolf
Wait na.. they kill Allison ? #TeenWolf
One eye man is King in blind man country  (old people sayings)
Do not judge a book by its cover
So... Perception is a hell of a thing
I wanna rule my destiny
This buju banton vybz tho...
Over hills and valleys too
I hate jeans. It's too much clothes... I like clothes comfy, and not a task to put on or take off
I really love dresses ♡♡♡
A negative mind will never give you a positive life
We'll be all night
Im trying. . Even greater than usual
Can't keep your eyes off my ...... daddy I want you.  Na na
I absolutely hate things one way!
Is it just me? Maybe its just me...
Reciprocal?
But its how I feel
I find that immature.... like seriously
Imperfectly perfect
i am fuh-reaking out....
I think im quite relaxed about these assignments
I love how yuh taking your time with me
Tonight ah not hidinnng i out in di opennnnn For your man to seee  *bess beat plays*
So........ uhhhh Tequila tho
To my world, I love you♡ @JoJo_ramz
I officially hate Wednesdays.  All these classes...
I need a vacation.  Uwi killing me out!
Ugghhh. I can do this
This week real hectic :/
1:11
How much phuqin outta timin can u be bitch!
You cya tell me that I have to go home now now
DOH TELL MEH DAT
I neeeed a long day in paradise
Weyyy bai.. I doubt :/
My thoughts are like all over the place now. I think I know why
Why would i dream that?
I had a weird dream,I left my laptop in my locker in school&amp;when i opened it, "A.EDGE" hacked it &amp; put a setta porn &amp; viruses on it :'(  LOL
Today and from now on is going to be weird......
And to top it off. I have to get up to close it :(
I feel uneasy with my door open!
Why do mothers have this thing where they open your door and LEAVE IT OPEN!!!!!!
Early morning, EYES SWOLLEN :'(
I think I have a problem, I always think I HAVE time. :/ and then it all piles up on me
Im a junkie from next tomorrow. I changing my life... FO REAL FO REAL
On a positive note, Life is GOOD :)
ALL THESE ASSIGNMENTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! arrrggHHGh!!!!!!
I dont even have time to watch shows that  i NEED to catch up on #Scandal #GameofThrones and many moreeeee
The rate things looking now, I basically have no life until finals are over, the way my schedule looking :'(
I am getting tired of #TVD and waiting looong for the next episode!! Im tired waiting!!
Stu ....... stu ..... stu. ..... sleep!!! #needsleep #now
I really can't tonight. ...
Every time im about to start work
 I Automatically wanna sleep
!
@JoJo_ramz ?
@JoJo_ramz why
@Dre_22_ ok ok. Cool
@Dre_22_  ayyyy. We have to start marketing project.  3weeks away hun
sigh. for sure needs to go
I have an obsession. :/  It needs tuh go! pronto pronto
And yet still I procrastinate
N'sync and Backstreet Boys vybz....
If ever I believe my work is done, then ill start back at one
John Mayer ♡♡
I tried to run before but im not running anymore.
Empty fridge :/
This struggle is too real! It dangerous!!
Redbull gives you wings...
Idk why da hell I feelin emotional jusso jusso.
Only when im not angry I remember all the little things. That I sometimes take for granted
Yup. It serious
:'( :'(
Give we ah Ministry of road!
We have authority Now tuh, wuk, wuk, wuk, wuk!
WE WANT M.O.R!!!!!!!!!!!
I really did it this time.
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough
Only know you love her when you let her go
I wanna be in a Disney movie!
Strictly water!
And that goes two ways...
Who the Lord loves He chasens
All things work together for good
I did sleep but I was happy
On the plus side,I ended my day with the person I wanted to end up with :)
Never me again na
Too sexy. Man to have. #Sexy #ChocolateMan #LoveHim #ChocolateThunder #ThankYouJesus #ThisIsMan 
Scandallllll tonight!! Finally
Still up

You are killing me uwi!!!!
1:11
News flash!!!! Im not a kid anymore.
Dont mean to say it but I really dont care about you!! And I am absolutely fed up of you and your crap!
So.... I really hope I return to my books
The worst is when you sleep rel lonnngg and U wake up like a zombie as though you need more sleep.  You just lazy and drowsy, FOR NO REASON
Sleep is all I wanna do!
That moment when doing work and you think "I going and take a quick lie down and come back" and you never return #mylife #alldayeveryday
My buttocks hurt! I lock off this sitting on a hard stool to stay up and do work life :|
Time to stop making other people's opinions so damn important and start living our lives. We're meant to be individuals
Uwi killin me out jed!! Ugh
Although I definitely need to drink water.
We not drinking water!
I am just absolutely tired. these assignments killing me off!
This I CANNOT get over
If you let go a little bit :)
Incognito
Despite my outward exterior , I do pretty darn good of masking how I really feel.
Yup. Im accustomed. .. nothing new
Is about that time ..
Rolly polly is a biiggg chune. Makes me wanna get my polly on! Lol
And I love eettt! ♡
I probably sick. He's my disease.
Had rehearsal,comes home, have an assignment due tomorrow. .. and all I wanna do is hear your voice
Bam bam bee dam
Trying. .....
We were only strangers in the night
And this new love I will treasure. I'll faithful and true till the day I die
Its a blessing to be with someone like you
Only your love can set me free
I may have won the prize from the every first time I looked in your eyes
I never thought love would look me in the eyes. I lift my head and what a big surprise
11:11
Estoy deprimido
On the Plus side................   there's no plus side!
And the torture hasn't even started
This night definitely is going to be a very long night
And its only 9:51
In this life, NO ONE CARES.... Basically
@JoJo_ramz hmmm
Yeah so...my life sucks...
On the plus side, I've completed 1 out of 3 assignments :) In a night! I CAN DO THIS!
SIZE. SHAPE. WAY. WINE. JIGGLE. WAIST!!!!!!!!
Who want to pelt waist ?  Is no scene
Fete-in on ma mind!!!
Anger issues?
If I look good, I look good! Yall niggas be hatin'
"Failure is not falling down.. But refusing to get up."
"You cannot believe in your dreams if you don't believe in yourself first.."
"You don't get what you wish for.. You get what you work for..
"Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.."
11:11
A friend is genuine... and isn't only happy and supportive when it only involves them and what they want
In these times, I see the real in people. 'Bout friends'
No one has your best interest at heart unless they are included
I am happy for me. .
Ok i done... I doing work! NOW!
NOW
NOW
Procrastination is so real right now
gyal u sweeter dan.. kim kardashian, gabrielle union.. desha rambajan. #indiangyal
Olatunji - Wining Good  tho..... IT TOOOO BBBHHHAADDDD!!!!!!!!!!
I want to go BIG PPL PARTY!!!!!
I done by di DOOOOORRRRR.. realize ah had to pay MOOOOORRRREEEEE
All inclusive fete!
Soca always gives me energy when beppin studying
@JoJo_ramz ahahahahahah!! u idiot! frick u!
Father you bless meh,, nothing cya stress meh...
Today ah feeling niceee #chune
To not Change is to Sin
Back to Reality though....
I must say I Had a besssss birthday weekend
One more day.. woo hoo...
God be with me and Let Your Will Be Done
@racks_on_racqs u going modern?
All up in my nose jed... gimme ah ease up na
It was better when I didn't say anything. ..
Could parents be more outtatimin!!???!
I wait for the day you hold my hand and I hold your heart
Both of yall arre verrrrry annoying!!
@GetFittie_Kinky yes I am currently. :) u keep it up too fittie
@GetFittie_Kinky avi?     and thank yew... but im verrrry unfit right now. but thanks
@ShantelBethelmy tlk to me bbz. wats up?

Iz ah man... a beeg man!
6 days. ...
Welcome February!!!! Best month of the year
Best groovy soca ♡ #tooreal
Elena's gone? Damon is bad again! And Stephan.... well he remains humble and sexy as everrrrrr!!! #TVD
Katherine Katherine Katherine.  How could you do that to Caroline.? For once, be nice! #tvd
On the plus side, Bad Damon is back!!!! #tvd
Vampire diaries getting too evil. .. I dont like too much evil
Flappy bird in a 3hour lecture seems like di vybzey way to go
Wey boii....
This Flappy Bird tho!!!!! Ugghh
Yeah so im gonna die
I do what I love for me. Despite what people think
The old me. Seems like the way to go
Oops :/
This getting old ting is like woah!
You see me.... iz ah man
11:11
@JoJo_ramz well look ting. Hmm
Clearly I am not.
Like I said never good enough in no aspects of life
Im the least favorite.
Always have a set of changes to make
@Dre_22_ ikr.
. Lol
AY GYAL!  Ah wanna be di man ah di house!
Or maybe cause someone is still asleep :P
I so proud. I actually staying an entire lecture.  I really change ma life
Its beautiful hearing Klaus on #TVD again.
How Klaus chases her in the woods :) #TVD #TVD100
Watching #TVD 100th episode twice :) :) :)
I love how @julieplec  included all the cast of #TVD to be apart of the 100th episode!! :):)
#TVD Klaus need to come back! it isnt finished
#TVD FINALLLLLYY KLAROLINEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#TVD OMGG KATHERINE IS ELENA!!
@anjewahh  chek ur dm
Don't use me.
"You love who you love"
TODAYY IS 100th EPISODE OF #TVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) :)
Is a real good thing eh
*DUN DUN!!! *  "We have a truck on di road "
I wonder what drama they have in store for the 100th episode! GAWSSSHHHH THURSDAY HURRYY!!!
SO EXCITED for #TVD 100th Episode!!!! Forever a TVD fan!!!!! I love everyone!!!!!!!!!
This waking up for school is a scene
That now coming off of bed stretch ♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
My time ah year
The soca music sweeeetttt
@DarnellK_ ommgg how??
Your heart's where I lay my head
@iamvondutch lol. More like the truth in this life.
@DarnellK_ is that the 1 who went ngc?
Word of advice: nobody cares
More like filling in space.
Dancing as my dream + Me = NOT GONNA HAPPEN CAUSE I SUCK.  THEREFORE..  daz life :(
Sometimes what you love to do doesnt necessarily mean you good at it
Im never good enough
Ima superhero :) :) :)
Don't doubt how strong I am and how much I want you
But it really inna Hot HOT mess. Like ew
My eyebrows definitely need to be done. But im thinking I should wait for my birthday week
Even the nights are better, now that we're here together #chune #oldies
How yuh bad so, how yuh rude so.  Ah wanna take ah little piece ah dat
@JosiahMoorley ahaha hear u na. Lol
@JosiahMoorley next time wha?
Jam, ah wanna jam. Jam up under yuhh!!
I absolutely hate this ...
:(

When di liquor hit meh it  throwing all meh stress awayyy #chune
So if yuh see meh take off all ah meh clothes, D liquor conquer meh!
IS YUH MUDDA! YUH MUDDA.  SHE WA MEH BUY AH BREAD FUH SHE!!! #chune
Put up yuh hand if yuh doh trust yuh man! Lol
Doh hold back. ..
This.  Gyal. From africa!! *holds head &amp; bubbles*
Ah loveee meehhhh soca music!!♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
This is indeed MY TIME ah year... #soca #vybz
Di soca music so sweettt
Jam, ah wanna jam
Kerwin dubois take win so far this year.... ♡♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
Getting ma carnival bodaayyy
Ahh sorreee fuh days!! #bridgeybootcamp
Finally!!!
Contagious!!!!
The beach has been calling me :(  and no one to take me. .. I need this
This. Gyal. From Africa
That bumper is TOO REAL... it dangerous
And other times I feel Im not good enough
Sometimes in order to add to your life, you must subtract first
Ne-Yo will always be one of my favorite artists of all.
None but ourselves can free our minds
Sigh
A negative mind would never give you a positive life
Seems legit
Fo shizzle
Old years into new years with ♡Him♡
Last day of 2013.
Ive grown to accept things the way they are now
You cant escape yourself
Success isnt about winning, its about staying in the game, not quitting or making someone make you quit
Always have bad things to say. Never anything encouraging or good to say!!!!
I really dislike this woman inno. Goshhh
No one will never know how much that has changed my life.
The fact that you never found a reason to say sorry. And mean it
Definitely will never trust you. Ever.
Sometimes one simple apology does the trick
Anger issue? :/  im not quite sure
Phuqin pisses me off though.  Steups!!!!!!!!
Hope
What you see is only 1/10 of a person but no one knows the 9/10. Dont assume what you see is what it is
@Youniique grl I kno u kno d feeling too...
Surrounded yet still alone
Your attitude tho. ... gosh
The 3 rings of marriage: the engagement ring, the wedding ring and the suffering
Team matty!!
Actions speak louder than words.  Actions are temporary but words are forever
@ZahReeO I eh see u advertise it on twitter clown.  Lol n besides I limin tomrw bbz
@ZahReeO ahaha u dumb lol
I love me some ribs
So I cooked for Christmas, and didn't even eat it yet. ....
Spent time with tha boob ♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
Best Christmas ever ... ♡
And Merrrrrryyyyy Christmas to everyone and to all families:) :) :)
A week before Christmas who knew that would of been her last breath.   *Cherish life *
Hope you guys are doing well with your recent loss.  *rip aunty :'(*
Alot of people lost someone or may have died and Christmas they dont have them. today I cherish life, I cherish family &amp;the ppl around me
I got up doing alot of thinking .today is more than just food and vybz but more of appreciation.  For Life. For Health for family
@ShantelBethelmy Ohhhhhh yh. Right was waiting till we met for asia bday lime to tell u. I do hv a bf
@anjewahh ikr.. n it's almost 2014 we getting old
@anjewahh my exams r done!! Finally! So I jus finished cook n clean imchillaxin nw.
@anjewahh its exactly you im talking about! I miss u grl howa ur Christmas prep? Btw I hav a g8 cd for u to look at. From ms Herrera
Yeah so I miss my boo
@ShantelBethelmy my mums na. .. sigh
#1 priority I clean my room.  You vex? What u want me to clean!?? Idk what you want lady
Like wtf you want blood?
Grab somebody sexy tell em hey!!!
Truck on di roaddd!!!! Mmhaaddd chune
More and more reasons I need a car. No one wants to take me anywhere I need to go. Steups
Look I done dey for d night yes. GeeZZZZ
All this cleaning im gonna die. All this sinus-ness :'( cannot breathe, migraine and runny nose.
Ok finals over. And had a great weekend. Now to face this outer timin cleaning stress
Can't get enough
It's been only one day...
I cannot take the distance.  Its killing me
I am legit sleepy
Omggg ah freeeeeeee. Fine ah frickin lee!!!!
More reasons for me not to be guilty
Steups
I am so not prepared.  I am absolutely lost in this course.  And I dont understand anything.  No helppppp
My last course tomorrow is my worst course.  Sigh I reli can't do this
Cant wait for this to be over
3 more to go
Appreciate and love life cause you never know when the breath of life can leave you. R.I.P AUNTY :'(
All I could think about is how soon you left us
sigh.............. I really cant believe this
Push cher!
Whyy da phuq am I sooo sleepy.  Like omg I have exams! THIS IS NOT THE TIME
It is better to try and fail than fail to try
All you gotta do is try
Softness. .. DED!
Despite it. Its worth it
:/
back to de books dey! 1:45- till
yeaaaaaaa soooooooo. idone
It serious yes...
They know. They know they know they know
This rain outerZ
@_ThatGirlLeah_ Urrgghhhh I miss you grl Ahaha
Crappy day. ... anyway tomorrow's another day
11:11
All I do is eat eat eat no matter what! #hatetostudy
BOUND!  *falling in love*  "Uh huh honey"
UH HUH HONEY!
@vvesleon finals
Ok im locking off every device I own. Taking off wifi. Just to focus. Startin noww
Him &lt;3
ok starting, now!1:04am
Always remember in this life, you be happy for you, no one else. People nowadays are never happy for others unless it includes them
12:15 Friday 13th till 20th!... LETS GO
Going Ham from TUHHH..... NOW!
@briphwilson @iamvondutch @InstanttNoodles @ayoo_reed  yesss!!!! Thursday though. So il b there
I know youre tired of loving, of loving. With nobody to love. Nobody. Nobody 'Uh Huh Honey' ☆
Why my belly hadda be feeling so :/
Yeah so im happy! :)
Ayy today is 11.12.13 !!!!
These dreams :/ :'(
Hey when you get this let me know @izegary
Swear I eh know COLD STONE open in uwi. And I eh eat none yet! I looooovvvvveeeee ice cream. .
Its gonna be alright. . I can feel it...
How can A word so small have so much impact
Happiness sneaks through a door you didnt know you left open - John Barrymore  @JoJo_ramz ♡<BLACK HEART SUIT>
It is so simple, a feeling. .. but its everything
BAH!
I actually feeling Christmas. As soon as I went into the grocery
Here you go again cher
I going right back. ... :/
Yeah so I don't like you...
          DROP
                    THAT
                              GPA,
 
Ayyyyye! DON'T DROP THAT GPA. #Finals <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>
Ok. Procrastination break done. Back at it
