I cut down my animation quite a bit that it may not make sense but Pfth I don't care anymore. I just want to get this dam thing done -_-
Figured out loop hole on my deadline to my project. Teehee gonna take advantage of it.
Heat, rest, honey &amp; lemon and plenty of water is best remedy for a headcold. Time 2 flush out of system!
So run down I came down with a cold. What's worse is project due Monday and I've no clue if I'd get it done on time.
Ah great, I've a headcold! Need to get this animation done!
I hope I get home early coz gotta finish up scene 3 and start scene 1. Nearly finish but still got alot left to do.
Got an xray in my knees today and I'm super nervous.
Sat &amp; Sunday documentation catchup! Finishing line nearly at sight!
I'm so close to finishing another scene Woohoo! Now tomorrow onto large scene. Friday tweak up loose ends and recheck and then render out!
I mean seriously since when did dying people or ghosts have nuff energy to move!  Dey don't move alot hence little movement in my animation
Stress and more stress, I'm on verge of thinking I'd fail :(
2day a busy day. Decided to take chance and do tweening animation for body movements. Aim finish 2 scenes completely n start final scene.
Pushing myself to the limit for next 3 days coz I can't afford to fail. Nearly at burn out limit I'd sleep for weeks after this is done!
See how much it's worth at 
Did anyone ever get photos of cosplay back and say Omg I look so tired!
I've a fear that I may fail again :(
If it happens my entire soul would die after working my ass off d 2nd time!
Ugh... Why does my cousin's communion have to be on at a awkward time! I could do with like an extra 2 days 2 finish my project :'(
Didn't manage 2 gt complete on scene but close. So b4 bed id do parts plus setup on s2 &amp; s3 and 2morrow it's finishing up. Nearly dere.
Cutting down my script/scene somehow I hope this idea works
Starting to doubt I'd ever get this done on time :(
Starting to really hate animating. 
God help me to pass this time #Hopeless #Doubt #failure #upset #fears
Many tink dat d stress n strain of a final year is unbearable... Well it's nothing compared to enduring it all over again 4 d 2nd time!
Well seems like I'd hav 2 continue job hunting. Not so surprised in being turned down.
I tink I may have burnt myself out. Headaches and pain to knee. So sleepy and lost motivation. I hope I get thro this task!
Scene 2 body animation needs to be fully done today. I hope I can get that task fully completed.
The stress got to me again dat I nearly cried myself 2 sleep last nite. #college #stress #flashback #overworked
Well so far on progress my animation looks 100 times betta dan b4 but still not d best. Still not bad 4 a 4 year absence in using flash!
So much work for facial animation. Spent 9 hours working on this and hopefully I'd be done all scenes b4 bed!
Ever had a load for something and then ya enter college that love is lost?
Well that happened to me #sadface
Splitting headache &amp; exhausted! Dam boy racers I barely got sleep. Lost motivation to finish my task today :(
Ah good old "copy &amp; paste " where wuld I b without u?
Seriously! If I find those boy racers I'd kick deir asses! I barely got much sleep last night coz of their idiotic revving of cars!
Ever heard of tracking guess not!
Dunno why a seller wuld b stupid nuff 2 tell a lie when u ask if dey wuld ship an item!
Facial expression under way bit trickier than expected. Will do most and cleanup when I do up body animation.
Now who'd ring my phone and after I answer they hang up after I said I was d person when dey asked d question. Hope it ain't important!
Had to reschedule my app 2day due #busstrike I can c point of view but it's ridiculous 2 those who live in countryside n dependent on bus.
Funny how twitter works, ya get followers and min ya open ya mouth ya lose some.
@Independent_ie #IndoSubmit  tink d strike is a utter disgrace! As if time change woz bad nuff! People r stranded due 2 a stupid decision!
Only got body movements, facial movements and cleanup. It all seems like an impossible task for a week :(
I've a week left to finish project Eeep! And this week is my busiest yet! I hope I get things done on time!
@Buseireann so I can make other arrangements if needed!
@Buseireann I'm confused. Yes or no? As in no bus going on route I mentioned or it resumes as normal! I only wanna kno an answer
@Buseireann not the even the killorglin-killarney route?
@Buseireann there isn't many buses going in my area n im dependent on a given time!  If I don't attend appointment I'd be cut in my money!
@Buseireann yet again that doesn't help. I've an urgent appointment 2moro n it's important I kno if my route is effected.
Finishing up facial animation today and rest of time on body animation and final tweaks. The finish line I'd nearly close!
@Buseireann will the killorglin-killarney route be effected by strike Friday 1st may? There has been nothing on site n it's important I kno!
Everyone deserves a day to unwind and recover :)
Absolutely drained of energy due to working super hard these days that I took today to recover. Sleep time how I missed u so :)
All this hard work kinda made me run down health wise that I may have caught a cold *sneeze*
Finally! I can now fall asleep! So exhausted *collapse into deep sleep*
#dreams #exhausted #tired
It's super freaky how d more I read or hear script it resembles my past in more than one way.
Nearly finished. Now to tackle this one last looooooong line and I cam sleep. Won't be pulling many late nights after this!
@eternals OMG So sorry was stuck doing college work n forgot to remind ya about the SAO artwork up on storenvy. My bad. Ne ways reminder :)
@ThreeCare never mind it works again :)
@ThreeCare has the network for wifi gone down again?
Living in a county council house suckz. Dey ask 4 more rent dan asked. Diz country is expensive as hell!!!
Finally! I'd say I'd have all lip sync completed as best I can 4 good before 6pm! Then onto scene 2 body n facial animation. #positive
Who knew a simple line would take hours to bloody sync. Ya take things for granted these day. Simple always aint easy but tedious!
@TheAnimeNetwork a shame I can't see it coz of region lock :(
Just applied for a job in penny's and kinda nervous.
@ThreeCare thanks, it's working now. I was a lil worried coz I depend on it 4 my college project.
@ThreeCare why is the wifi Internet service down? When will it be back up?
Three broadband goes down and chaos for a student starts!
Fairy Tail/Excellent discipline/Konno Yuuki Cosplay Wig. 
Wow peeps are smart these days, they follow and then unfollow but never realize ya can know who unfollow quite easily!
This kinda made me giggle 
Need I say more 
This pic says it all. I can't get back to sleep when I wake up. 
Once I'm awake it's hard to get bad to sleep :( thanks alot idiot who called me at 9:20am! I can't wait for freedom! No more late nites!
For goodness sake don't dare ring me at bloody 9:20am when I'd be half awake. I'm gonna turn off my phone from now on b4 I sleep!
Carry 4ward last 3 lines to 2moro workload. Me thinks it's time to rest! Health more important. I've a bad headache :(
New goal, finish up lip sync 4 scene 3 in approx 1 hour and then bed. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED #determined #positivity #challenge
Finished scene 3 of sync, one part will be left till last to fix. Last scene 2moro :) #positive
Not feeling well so decided to do scene 3 sync today and 1 tomorrow. A tiny setback but sigh my health is more important.
It's getting close to due date and I'm freaking out to point I barely sleep at night #college #stress #tired #Paranoid
I haven't done animation in over like 3-4 years and here I am doing a 3 minute animation. No clue if it's any good however :(
On plus side quite tempted to make my sakura costume from scratch #cosplay #ideas #sewing #excited #confused
So close to completing scene 2 sync till I hit a fence. I really wanna sleep but brain wanna finish this tiny step!
Gonna go back to my old karate training routine to see if it helps relieve the pain I've been having with my knee.
Resync and I wish I figured this our sooner. A setback but made my animation better. Now get movements and it's done!
Hard time sleeping :( all I can think about is wanting to move abroad or the fact I don't have a bestie anymore. #scared #alone #Upset
Artist block why must you torment me at a time like this!
My hopes of finishing a scene was slowed down by conscious lately. Dunno how I can cope :(
Final animation starts today, I hope I get it done coz lip sync needs an improvement tweak b4 I render it!
Don't worry it will all be a-ok #positiveattitude
Onto final steps of completing project! Kinda weird n lately made me look back at past.

Code: spring40


Finally nearly up to date with journals. Phew that's one less thing to worry over. Now onto final step! Nearly there Woohoo!!!
Lost a follower eh, seems like I bore people to death. Well I neva said my life was exciting.
An amateur thief/conman got outsmarted by my grandmother. Lol an old lady! &lt;3 my grandmother gor being so clever!
Finally caught up on documentation 4 my project yaay!
I nearly 4got how awful journals can be, it's bad nuff I had to do project again -_-
Kinda sad coz I may have to give up karate due to my knees being in pain during my stances :(
KpopStarz 

This is amazing news! Dgrayman being continued n anime sequel &lt;3
Shocking! Waiting in doctors and someone came in after me was seen b4 me.
Well ok done as I'm ready to render. I've still got the journals and thesis to finish.
Woohoo, nearly 3am and I finally got lip sync finished for scene 3
Now onto body movements n facial movement n tidy up n im done!
Yes I know I'm scattered brained ya wanna card saying that?
Aim 4 2day is finish lip sync to all scenes.
New Free Shipping RWBY Red Trailer Ruby Anime Cosplay Costume Uniform Cloak

(from AliExpress Android)
This kim kardashian game has tendency to be kinda weird but addictive lol
Oh hello knee pain!  Now buzz off and let me bee. I wanna walk and now flinch each time I take a step!
Woohoo finished lip sync for scene 2. Noe to do scene 3 and backtrack and tweak out. Den next week is body and facial animation. :)
I swear lip sync is so dam tedious it's bloody evil!
Waited in hospital 4 over 5 hours n all mi mom got was meds 4 pain relief. Why didn't d doc do dat n d 1st place. Diz system is screwed!

Excuse me but I do have a life to manage! Not everything revolves around you!
Took it slightly easy today, still chipping at project but not as dire...
Woohoo I finished sync scene 1! It only needs a tweak when I double back and recheck. Now to move onto the shorter scenes.
@Buseireann I heard strike is may 1st, will this effect kerry region as well?
I've an important app I need to attend n I'm dependent on bus.
I can't believe I'm nearly done scene 1 lip sync! Hopefully scene 1 &amp; 2 hopefully won't take as long!
Wow wig no.2 has been shipped :)
Need to order 2 more wigs n 2 costumes but doing things bit by bit :) then make 3 costumes yaay!
Dunno why but woke up n tears rolled down my face. #depression #stress #fear #worry #fail #college #sad #Nightmare
Half way in lip sync scene 1. Longest 86 seconds in my entire life!
@Buseireann hi, I'm wonderin is there a strike meant to start 2moro coz I heard it on the radio. Wuld it effect all areas of country?
Yes I believe in karma, do you?
#KARMA #BelieveItOrNot
Wish I was @ExpJapan this weekend but I'm stuck doing a project due n 3 1/2 weeks. Hopefully I'd b there next year.
@eternals hey don't mean 2 b rude but by ne chance ya'd but that sao artwork up n storenvy. Ive noticed it isn't up yet.
Finish lip sync draft, fix cameras &amp; tiny fine tune. Den rest of day is relax. Shifted day off 4 me Mon/tues sigh dats my life boring I kno
I think I'm getting better at lip sync #AchievementUnlocked #proud #happy and it's taken me like 5 days to learn this skill :) Woohoo!
Hello new headphones, I had to get a new pair coz old ones broke n i need to listen to audio properly. 
Poor purple headphones, ya'd be missed :( 
R.I.P purple headphones you will be deeply missed #sad #Broken
Ya kinda question friendship when one says "I don't care..."
Oh no! I just slumped back into my anti-social, must get done phase #help #alone #scared #college #CollegeStudentStruggles,
I sometimes feel like I'm letting a friend down if I can't meet a friend these days :(
Project due in less than a week and ur time becomes so limited a break is not possible #torture, #notfair, #tired
Bragging is human nature. It's when you resist the urge to do so that makes you unique and wise :)
Bloody awesome!

(from AliExpress Android)
Cute 3ds cover &lt;3

(from AliExpress Android)
Good grief lip sync may take me 3 days to complete :-o #shock
It's 2am and I'm still awake! Dam fyp fecked up my sleeping pattern! #cantsleep #exhausted
Yup the sore throat is back. Seems like I'm starting to getting stressed #Panic, #stress, #failurefear, #upset
As deadline looms it makes meeting wit friends hard coz ya got to focus on something important :(
1st ep of re-kan is pretty good. An anime I'd definitely follow :)
#creepy, #random, #ghost
It's funny how everyone is enjoying easter and I'm working my ass off on a project that due next month. #crying #annoyed #notfair
"@Sailor_Moon_NA: It's Prince Demande! #moonpanel 
@CartoonSaloon hi, do u hav ne advice 2 lip sync a character 2 audio coz i'm finding it a little hard to understand. Thanks so much :)
Any animators out there! I need help n advice coz never did lip sync before n i wanna kno wot d best way to get shapes sync with audio!
Good Friday; wot if u got a condition dat it's essential 2 eat meat on daily basis. Can u risk a day without it if it means risk ur health?
Sometimes u wonder where peeps get all d spare time when ya work hard enough to get by.
I'm now a C-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
Need to give my room a quick clean n sell some of my games, dvds, books! #springcleaning, #money, #savemoney
Working on lip sync 1st coz it is the longest thing to manage. Challenge accepted!
I'm now a C-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
Who knew a dog could snore so loud. Well I found out lately mi doggie snores super loud haha
It's one of those lazy days.
Getting a hair cut today but trying to decide on a style lol
Sometimes English sounds like a complex language to understand ur brain goes "ah feck this I'm taking a holiday" -brain exits door-
I've got nothing interesting to say.... Please try again later!
Sometimes u ask a question in hopes of getting a straight answer and reply is often too simple it sounds too complex -_-
Share Cake for Coupons 
Aww great just great!  No pain all day and it kicks in when I wanna sleep. It's gonna be a long night -_-
Once I'm done and hit submit is when me go into recover mode for 3 months! (sleep, read, gaming) #freedom
Woohoo nearly complete prep work on animation, now to lip sync and movement and in done! Yaay!
When a deadbeat woman tweets a rant saying how depression is an excuses makes 1 question humanity when people are heartless 2 say dat!
Lip sync trial test today. 
Body movements tomorrow 
Camera tweaking to scene 3. Getting there yaay!
That's it! May need to change my phone number!
The new tayto ad is a tad perverted! No joke! It really is... Don't think I'd be eating taytos now due to it!
Back to square 1 on my knee cap problems, shoo... Go away pain!
Afraid I may need to go to physio again for my knee coz it's flaring up.again :'(

Phone stop running on wifi when I don't need it! Evil drunk phone -_-
More scattered brained these past few months it ain't funny! Diz project ruined my life!
Share Cake for Coupons 
Listening to aikatsu soundtrack. Need my j-pop &amp; k-pop fix :P
Scene 1: all cameras adjusted and it's looking well. Need to do that to other scenes and then body &amp; facial movements, lip sync n im done!
Share Cake for Coupons 
Stuck on a delimma of making a decision but it may have a setback.
Why book something when clearly you may not get money's worth? 
It's just foolish.
Arms and legs animation this week.
Free Shipping RWBY Ruby Rose Cosplay Costume-in Costumes &amp; Accessories from Novelty &amp; Special Use 
Lost hope &amp; lost motivation to get this all done :'(
I never expected writing journals would reduce me to tears :'(
Sometimes a friend may let u down but u have a choice when they need you.
Emotional scars are REAL!  Just coz ya don't see them doesn't mean they aren't there!
Ever felt like u bite off more than you can chew?
Sometimes when people are mean to you it's best to laugh it off coz they will get what is coming to them.
Just coz we don't speak on a daily basis doesn't mean we aren't friends or I forgotten we are friends :)
A certain someone ruined my chances in going for a masters in college :( I'll never be able to go for masters now if I wanted to.
Keep pushing on forward and never look back.
It's not always fault for failing! It's when u don't try is when u fail most of all.
Sometimes u often think ur dreams are crushed n beyond reach but get up n achieve the impossible.
*falls over laughing* I lost another follower, who knew I was so boring. *inserts sarcasm* Birdie want a cracker? Ya ain't getting one :P
You can never please everyone in what you say or do. It's the fact of life
Life is never easy but always teaches you valuable lessons #lifelessons

So many options but I've narrowed it down to 10! Haha 
I had the strangest dream,  kinda freaked me out a tiny but.
When someone uses my first name instead nickname I instantly think I'm in trouble!
Aww come on brain, let me sleep already! -_-
I often find it hard to accept a compliment when I get one coz I done get many.
The health and fitness expo was EPIC
It's early n off 2 d health n fitness expo :)
Everything all set for animation this coming week. Starting to get excited. Nearly there to finishing an impossible task!
When I pass I'm gonna post advice instead announcing it! Every1 needs a light at the end of a tunnel #PositiveTHOUGHTS #advice
Wish there was more Fri 13th coz seems like it's become my lucky moment. #lucky #FridayThe13th #luckyblackcat
these are super cute!! 

Don't ever change. If people find you boring then it shows how much they know.
Oh wow lost a few, ah well I didn't say my life was exciting now did I! Don't expect me to change coz I enjoy being me :P
I need to train more. Good training in karate :)
Such a beautiful day and birds singing but I can't go out to enjoy it coz stuck doing a project :'(
Mind wanna hit snooze button but body says No!
Those cosplay contests tend to make peeps go bonkers.
@eternals @ChibiD_Yuko yaay thank u. Your artwork is gorgeous. Hope to see you again at another con some day :)
Ya win some ya lose some. A bit of power/popularity can change people to the extreme. Not everyone but I've seen it happen.
I can seem distant to most bur excuser on that. I don't tend to be distant it's just my brain takes ages to register things.
Ahh... This fyp has turned me off from animation. *rocks back and forth in tiny corner*
@eternals hi just wondering if it's possible to put this up n ur storenvy coz I'd &lt;3 to purchase this. I miss out chance at kaizokucon.
Saving diz animation takes a good deal of time. God help me when I render out this dam thing. dey betta pass me! I put so much work in2 diz
It's amazing how music can help one focus better. Well it does for me :)
When choosing a unique username make sure it ain't already taken coz if it is then afraid to say it but it ain't unique!
All the prep work before animating. This nearly taking me over 2-3 days to finish for like a 3-4 min animation.
Conversation style animation it is.... Still more prep work to get done sigh...
Getting there with animation. Next challenge is movement!
@Rialisms hope you come back to a con in Ireland again. I've 2 friends dying to meet ya :) n sad dey couldn't meet u when ya were here.
Animation is alot harder than one think.
Sometimes people need to have alone time and not be bothered. No sign or post needed coz others need to instantly understand.
I'm just busy with life and a project due in a month n half! So yes im alive folks!  I pop online now n then but not on all the time!
It's not all about you! If ya are self centered than ya behaviour will kick u n d ass some day and left all alone.
Letting a friendship dissolve rather than hit d end button coz it's best!
Hate to say this but it's true! The irish folk are really superstitious, as for me nope I ain't!
I just need a friend not a child throwing a tantrum or someone who thinks I'm their maid!
@OhYeahCourtoon meant 2 say dis ages ago. A pleasure 2 hav met ya  eirtakon 2014. Wish I had chat more. Hope u enjoyed d stay n ireland :)



It's my very... 
So much happened in d last few weeks I'm still zoned out!
Why watermark? Simple dearie, I want credit for my work. I don't put it up 4 free use -_- nuff said.
Had a hiccup with using wifi dongle for the first time :'( now I'd have to topup again. Hope it works this time!
I need to exercise more and start to slowly amend my diet. Wanna lose some fat/weight :)
Choose ur words wisely because it can hit you hard!
Sometimes being 2 honest any saying what's on your mind can cause alot of damage than good.
Cosplay is not a competition, it's for everyone and 2 hav fun. Freedom to be whoever without limits! It's an art form to bring chars to life
Watermarking photos take dam right ages but will be worth it if it means credit is due!
Startin to freak coz gonna suffer when I go bck 2 training Friday after so long not training.
Sometimes 1 4gets how 2 use twitter after absence of using the birdie. Feed it birdseed or what! Oh wait wrong idea haha
Watching ghost in the Shell. #amazing #anime, #kickass
@ToddHaberkorn woz a pleasure 2 meet u @kaizokucon &amp; tnkz 4 signin my 1st handsewn plush(Timcampy). Hope u enjoyed ur stay n Ireland.
@BrinaPalencia it was a pleasure to meet you @kaizokucon last weekend. Hope u enjoyed ur stay in Ireland :)
Sometimes you have to put your foot down and say what's right on your mind.
I'd need to go back and relearn animation basics this week. By Fri I'd have bare bones of characters animated I hope.

Hand stitched Timcampy. If anyone is interested I am considering in making plushies. 
Magz here, decided to take back the account. Hope peeps keep following coz got more news to come :)
It's sad when friends act like total strangers after a shattered friendship
Sometimes it's clear who one is talking about even if no name is mentioned. Don't bother saying if it's plain as day. That's just rude!
Getting a new laptop Monday!
Wow down in followers compared to last time! Seems like I'm boring eh, nope I've a life to take care of! Try it some time people.
So people find me boring eh... Pfth their loss not mine. I ain't online 24/7 ya know. I do have a life to take care of!
Last tweet! Once upon a time S4 ep 10 was amazing!! Storyline is best yet. I can't w8 2 c wot happens next!
Not everyone tweets 24/7. People have a life 2 manage 2!
Eirtakon was fun, too much walking round tho... Late 2 say I know but meh :P
Everyone has a lucky day once in a while. Today was kinda mine.
Afraid to sleep because I'll have that shocking nightmare again.
@Eirtakon ya gonna be announcing 3rd guest sometime soon r b4 d end of the night?
How can you understand a person who work hard but fail unless you failed yourself.
konnichiwa minna, Magz kindly handed me over this account! She didn't need it anymore. So nice to meet everyone.
who knew that depression can take alot of energy out of one person. #exhausted #shattered #tired #depression
It's 1:25am and I'm here writing poetry to ease the nerves! Seems like it's helping. #poetry #soul #emotion #calm
the sooner i get out of this country the better. It's bloody depressing! Unfortunately I'm stuck here #upset #annoyed #alone
I don't trust therapists/councilors. They tell you what to do but never solve the main problems. #broken_trust
Is it morning yet? I really wanna go and train till my body aches! So frustrated and depressed. #sad
I'm considering in perhaps close my FB completely and shut myself off from some peeps! #depressed #alone #troublesome
@_Niamh_collins_ ok need to apologize. Sorry :( I think i mite cut myself off from everyone. So depressed and consider n closing my FB.
I often feel like I'm alone and friendless, that nobody cares and i should curl up and die. #depressed #tears #lonely #cry
What's wrong with me.. *cries in corner* I think I'm hugely depressed and this time it's like needles and 10 times worse!
@_Niamh_collins_ I'd never even get the chance to get any photos with anyone. I cry myself to sleep each night over it! No fair on me at all
@_Niamh_collins_  Not unfair at all, it's unfair that I don't get to graduate even when i did work my ass off!
Ok, fine with graduation pics but pic as avatar... now that's gone a tad too far as if "in your face"
I'd never get a photo with those I went 2 college n attended classes wit 4 3 years. Wait a sec dey didn't care I was missing yesterday!
@NiallHarty yaay best news yet :)
@Eirtakon any chance of maybe another tiny hint on next guest maybe tomorrow? It's just some assume it's Venus angelic.
So looking forward to a tough karate session this evening. Will take my mind off not graduating. Roll on 6pm #karate #happy #sports
My family and friends always know what to do or say to make me smile.
2 weak, just looked at Facebook and saw all the posts of graduation and it made me so depressed I'm crying :'(
time to avoid facebook for at least a fair few weeks due to feed flooded with dam graduation posts #depression #sad #cry #alone #lonely
Speaking to friends who care is the best therapy and 10 times better than seeing a councilor. #yourmentalhealth #beatdepression
Figuring out how to make a katana for upcoming cosplay. Not worried so much cept the handle has so much detailing O_O eeep...

Everyone has one of those days where they wanna be lazy.
Think you are not good at your talent? Well work hard is the key and do what you love most. That's all dat matters #livelife2dfullest


In every college there is always that honest student who works their ass off yet fail while others cheat and pass!
Repeat students incl Repeat exam only students should be treated better in college and not tossed aside!
Repeats in a college r treated like 2nd class, not important and should b ignored. Itz shocking how we treated these days if ya repeat.
Quite tempted to go ahead and attempt to make my first prop for a cosplay.
@Eirtakon kinda curious if dere is a 2nd guest n if so when will ya make d announcement. Btw I can't wait 2 c d timetable :)
Sometimes life isn't fair, other times it kicks u n d ass but it always teaches you valuable lessons to last a lifetime.
While everyone is at graduation next Friday I'm gonna be in training taking out my frustration!
so who saw the budget 2015? Not half bad and believe me we had dire budgets in previous years. #Budget15
Sometimes you are better off doing things on your own coz no1 else will offer the help or do it for you.
I'm not surprised but shocked at how bad repeat students are treated in the college I attend! It's like a slave or rag doll!
I'm stuck in a dilemma in making d tough decision of my life. When I asked for help it made things worse :'( I dunno if I want d degree now!
@CartoonSaloon thank u so much. May I ask if u have any tips on how to lip sync a char? I've tried everyting and still find it hard 2 master
I think I don;t like group cosplays as much when the general plan changes on short notice or ya left out of the loop.
not going to graduation unless i'm wanted there.
I don't think I'd ever go to a councillor for therapy after what happened today.
@dannypegbar thanks so much for the advice :) Would it be good to have a variation in a portfolio or should i stick to one area?
How to get a job at Pixar Studios @CreativeBloQ 
@dannypegbar I'm wondering if you may have any advice for those who want to get into the animation industry?
@CartoonSaloon I'm just wondering if you have any good advice for someone new that wishes to be an animator?
Any animators out there willing to gimme a tiny bit of advice? I'm kinda wondering what's d best way to get into d industry? :)
There's something relaxing about rain lashing against a window and thunders. I dunno why but it calms me down oddly enough.
It's nearly 2am and still can't sleep. I'm nearly afraid to sleep :( been living in a nightmare the last month :( I just want it 2 end!!!
when a good friend goes missing from your listing ya wonder "was it something i said"
I wanna curl up and give up :( I feel like I'm gonna cry 4 weeks on end due to this depression.
Sometimes I often think I'd never find Prince Charming coz I'm such a scardy cat.
Sometimes I often hate being single coz end up a magnet for weirdos, clingy, psycho, power mad idiots.
Anyone seen the trailer to the new Teenage mutant ninja turtles movie! OMG what happened! They look like overlarge toads that need a diet!
Sometimes it feels like time has stopped while you end up waiting watching everyone move on with their lives. Not always fair!
Just tried the skirt to my first cosplay and I think I lost a small bit of weight/fat. Not huge but something :)
I'm sorry but that 'Cromane Camper Van THE MOVIE' is NOT a Movie and it was thrown together amateurish! Dam text as watermark ruins it!
:'( so sad. D kitten I was nursing for d last week died :(
Yaay finally gonna get 2 watch once upon a time s4 ep1 :) now 2 get d 1st 3 seasons on boxset. Xmas prezzie :)
When ya want things done ya gotta do it yourself. No1 will do it for you or even bothers.
sick of broken promises, when someone says they will do something it shouldn't take so long to do.
96,95,94,93....seems like things are going backwards eh. Well I won't lose sleep over it any ways.
No wonder it's worth avoiding fb this month. Every1 n my year bragging about their projects being in film festival this month ugh....
ya win some ya lose some, that's what life has to teach ya.

What's a Facebook?
first time cosplayed at nom-con and must say really had fun with my friends. will cosplay more often :)
why follow to soon enough unfollow, I no longer follow back coz most assume to unfollow just to say they got more followers. Shameful tactic
@Fiona_McSweeney yup I know the feeling. I call it the rag doll effect XD
@Fiona_McSweeney ya ain't the only one on that misses
So glad to have such great friends to cheer me up when I'm down.
A emotional day that started off frustrating but as the hours go by the day got more cheerful.
again with the crying to sleep. so many painful memories rushing through my mind that walking into the college 2moro is gonna be a challenge
I think i've develop the odd fear of steppin foot back onto the college grounds. All the dreadful memories of the 6 years make me cry inside
gonna keep away from facebook for a few months... its making me depressed.
When something dramatic causes me to be at cross roads I cut myself off from everyone and the world and focus on what needs to be done.
Ya almost think that once a person has a degree in their pocket they would at least learn to use common sense and not state d obvious....
Just when I was about to exercise and weather says "Not today" and rains on my parade :(
Starting tomorrow I think I need to exercise more and perhaps ease into a healthy diet. Lose some fat and weight. I still prefer exercise :)
being mommy to an abandoned kitten :)
Must start a exercise routine tomorrow :)
Gotten back to watching anime, playing games and art again. Oh I missed those days.
I've decided to take a break from the PC and do other things.
This is the second night I have cried myself to sleep over what happened.
After 6 yrs n college I'm havn a relapse of barely trustin ne1 dere or believe wot dey say. It will take me a long time 2 trust ne1 again.
I often feel like the entire world is against me.
In all the 6 years I hav not been treated with such disrespect! This year has been d WORST!! treated like a rag doll or worthless!
The more I'm pushed around like a rag doll and screwed the less I trust people. College is a death sentence for eternal depression.
I cried myself to sleep last night. Being in ITT feels like each day is waking torture. So unhappy being there and the pain of it all.
Looks like I'd be cleaning out my room and selling some dear items coz i'm near to broke.
nobody understands that I work harder than anyone else regardless of circumstances yet barely get what I deserve.
So looking forward to karate training tomorrow night! Only place I'm happy despite the bruising and pain the next day.
It's a NIGHTMARE that I'll never wake up from. :(
Kinda decided to avoid fb like the plague, just for a while. Would appear like a ninja due to phone but refuse to log on via laptop r pc.
Working on my first ever official blog post. Yes I said it, I'm blogging now to get out those bottled emotions and thoughts.
This wait is slowly killing me! I just want it said over and done with WHATS THE VERDICT! The wait is torture for a patient person like me.
Note to self, do not check college emails! Ya know how annoying those group emails are when ya dont attend class.
Highly doubt I'd be missed at graduation next month and I doubt I'd ever get a graduation. :(
I can't believe that the past 2 wks has been torture. As if I was n never ending nightmare. Seriously need good news soon to save my sanity.
@Buseireann thanks so much :)
@Buseireann I wanna make a complaint! Bus late, was told my connect bus would b held and it neva was. Had to wait 4 2 hours 4 nxt bus.
Go to so much effort time and time again, let down and then ya left feeling useless while those that don't work live the dream.
An example for my last tweet is college results, I know you are happy burt it may make another who works hard unhappy if they failed.
Why do people brag over social media if it means another will feel bad if they see it Be careful what u say coz words r like sharp weapons.
Everyone talking how their dam degree and graduation makes me depressed. After hard work and I still have to fight for my degree.
Who knew a piece of paper could cause so much trouble.
I don't think I can cope anymore. :( What's the point in trying at all.
For some reason I actually can't care less about my college result now. Don't even wanna see it in a days time.
Sometimes life throws a curve ball and expect you to deal with it.
There are times when you have to fight for your dreams.
I hope the lecturer doesn't accuse me of copyright coz it'll be war! I tend to draw better with references.
I'd help my friends out no matter what and cheer them up when they are down.
If it's one thing I learnt from college it's stand your ground when you know it's a time to never give up and let your voice be heard.
For d love of god don't ever be on da phone looking at notes or texting when someone is talking to u. It's rude and shows u got no interest!
To come out of presentation and nearly cry and become hopeless saying "I'll fail, I'll fail" is nerve wrecking.
Finished presentation and I still can't stop worrying over it result wise. Beginning to become hopeless.
Funny how you ask a question even to someone that's famous and they don't bother replying.
I kinda wish my actor stop adding words to my script -_- and just follow the script when recording.
People assume I have to pay them all the time. I can't when I'd be busy and have something important to deal with.
It's shocking when a friend posts a status that sounds obvious it's about you -_-
Words are like weapons, they can pierce the very core of anyone's soul. So choose your words wisely otherwise it could mean your demise...
Dontcha hate when a friend is angry at you and u r busy with issues and last thing they say make you want to change mind on arrangements.
Don't ever state the obvious to a stressed out student... Unless you want them to go snapping turtle on you.
Really people just blurt out everything onto the net... Ya know somethings vest unsaid, nobody needs to know your business.
Seems like nearly all my friends are in relationships now. Feel so lonely that I think I'm just an oddball or weirdo magnet. :'(
Starts to wonder who will be second guest at eirta :)
@vicmignogna just wondering will ya ever come back to Ireland as a guest at one of the cons? I missed out meeting u the year you were there.
@marchimark it was a pleasure to meet you @Nom_con last weekend. I gave you the purple flower. Masane is my favourite character ya voiced.
@Chris24_Sabat it was an honor to meet you at @Nom_con last weekend! **SPARKLES**  :) EPIC moment ever.
Not good when u r stuck with an immature voice actor and he can't say some of his lines with profession.
Not a happy bunny. Thank god I took enough money to a con. Paying for taxi is pricy o_o
@Nom_con tomorrow! First time complying EVER! So excited and nervous I can't sleep. Looking forward to it already. It's my only break :3
It may be difficult to do but never hold a grudge on those that left you down but put on a brave face and smile to say its ok.
I never wanna deal with audio after I'm finish with diz project Recording is nothing but tedious and evil for those who are not experienced!
When someone let you down is when you realize who your true friends are.
I find it harder to trust some people these days. There are some people that are hard to depend on even when you think you know them.
If you are under pressure and made a person it's best to say you are under pressure and not lead them on or let them down in a time of need.
if you promise someone in need to do something it's best not go against your word.
The hardest thing is to smile at someone and say "Everything is alright, don't worry" even when they left you down and you shatter inside.
@PowersWithin Like to add I love your music! It's really amazing. Wish i could be that good with music.
@PowersWithin Of course I will, I'll them n ending credits and link in description. Thanks so much, hopefully I'll get it done on time.
Phew background work done, the extra bits added during animation. 2moro it's character design and animation.
@PowersWithin Hi I'm just wondering if it would be alright to perhaps once one of your songs for an animation I'm working on for college?
I'm nearly done Background work for animation ¬.¬ took longer than expected Now onto characters, lip synch, camera work n render out.
@EwiderbuyCosply I'm trying to order a wig from the site but it gives error on checkout. I'm from Ireland. Really need help immediately.
Getting excited coz I'm hoping to get stuck in animation a project for a few weeks.
Anyone out there who knows Flash! I got two problems I'd need advice or help. Anyone who is kind to help me a.s.a.p I'd be ever grateful :)
Why can't people understand that I'm not as free with time even to reply.
So happy I got my deferral on fyp :) now to get my ass in gear but I dunno where to start. That and I'm so easily distracted :(
Have to say this but the Olympics is 100 times more appealing to me than FIFA World Cup.
There are moments in which I have a time machine or the power to erase all negative moments of my life. I had too many of them.
So glad to get back to karate training (after 2 weeks break) last night but so dam stiff...
I never want to see a bloody form again. it's so nerve wrecking ¬.¬
@JMichaelTatum &amp; @johnnyyongbosch Meant to say this sooner but it was a pleasure to meet you @kaizokucon *hint=pikachu &amp; blink detection*
The wait is starting to kill me and I'm always a patient kind of person.
@BenSlimm you sir are a genius! Thanks so much for the advice yesterday. It cheered me up :)
If I ever have children I'd definitely teach them it's not nice to brag.
Today is the worst day ever :( a complete nightmare
Do employers ever ask what kind of degree ya get?  Guess not.
There is always that one thorn in the bush that won't go away.
Someone is seriously talking either bad or good about me coz my nose has been itchy for the last couple of days.
When will people realize I hate going out, clubbing, around drunkards, around large crowds, confined in clubs or loud noises...
Changed Username from RPGdubEmpress to AnimeGoddess900... Still the same person and Yup I still love RPG. Just needed a change :)
People forget that I don't drink hence having no ID. I barely go to night clubs either coz I hate large crowds...
I'm not keen in being in a room with strangers while my friends is in another room even if it's for one night.
Wish I had that special someone who loves me for me. All I attract lately is trouble, clingy idiots r those that make me uncomfortable.

Port... 
You learn more in taking part or losing than winning even in competition
Everyone has two sides to them. You don't see the real truth until the very last moment. It's then you realize who your REAL friends are.
Why are people so obsessed with a piece of paper with a number on it?
Many people have two sides to them. It's under extreme times that you see the real person.
I'm so lucky to have such great friends :)
Too many meltdowns makes one start your doubt their abilities or skills and become depressed. Don't let it happen talk to people who care.
@dannypegbar I don't mean to be impatient but could you perhaps email me the replies to the Q by this evening. Sorry about this.
@dannypegbar I've sent ya the questions. yet again thanks so much.
Magz Conway on Behance 
@dannypegbar thanks so much :)

@dannypegbar This might be a strange request but would it be possible to interview you. quite short. itz 4 one of my modules in college.
Seriously when will people stop thinking that 3D had to be so realistic!
@IrishRail that's a real shame though because it would be really handy.
@IrishRail hi kinda wondering if there would any possibility of ever branching a rail line to killorglin in the near future or soon?
Some people can be so dam fussy that it delays work :(
I won a GIANT Easter egg in college :)
Tales of Xillia 2 Coming Out August 22 in Europe, Collector's Edition Revealed: 
Excuse me but a test screen showing of FYP projects is NOT a great idea! It's just an addition to more pressure!
NO! I cried at the recent episode of Neighbours. The most touching episode ever! So sad :'(
Grades in Education are meaningless in reality. Don't let them determine your capabilities of achieving the impossible!
Has no-one ever heard of "punctuality". In other words being on time for something... Guess not!!
Counting down the days till summer. I'd have to work myself to the bone for the next few weeks and then it's freedom.
That 2.1 is near to impossible now :( I'm at point that I don't care anymore.
I can't talk for a few days so that might be a problem.
Strained my voice box means no talking for a few days.
Whoa I know I can be hard to work with but I ain't that bad.
Chibidragons is gonna be at kaizoku this weekend :) so excited :) *jumps up and down*
Chibidragons is the mini company name I go under for work I do &amp; its a nice to have a name to watermark my work without using my real name.
There's a point where a given fanbase becomes overused and sounds like an obsession . In other words ya become sick of seeing it every time.
Oh no a crack on my phone :( phone works but crack on screen is annoying
Once may comes I'm taking a long earned break. Yup that means no more working in groups for an entire year. Had enough to last a lifetime.
Ive often thought about dropping out of college but a voice says don't.
It's one of those days you want to get into a corner and cry your worries away.
Over sarcastic people can't make jokes! It's hard to know if they are serious or joking. Always easy to offend people.
1st time back on a Wednes 4 karate training in over a year and I realized I miss training more &amp; 4got how relaxing it is on a Wednesday.
Seriously some people don't realize others are dependent on public transport to get around and don't live in the town.
It feels like a dead zone in the college today.
There's a difference between "Reply" and "Reply to All" be careful which one you choose because everyone can see all if you hit Reply to All
check out @CEEDittralee and follow them if you have an interest in enterprise. They would appreciate the support :)

Its free... 
Hate to say it but college stress is making me depressed. Will be glad once it's all over and I graduate.
Facebook pages such as "Chick of the day", "Hunk of the day" or "Neknomination" are bloody stupid! Good grief get a life peeps...
Was at a networking event last night and got to meet slot of people.  Wish I had moved around but couldnt due to space.
Starting to miss the mallow crew :'( there are times I wish I was on work placement again.
On other news spent 6 hours doing 2 3D models for FYP. I worked hard today :)
52-49 followers wow just wow. Gonna look at emails to see who unfollow and return them the favor. Ya won't get away that easily folks.
Quite happy with 3D character design and someone says to make the character cartoon like.  No just no!  I'm not changing.
Ryan V Katie –  Last Night’s Late Late Show Had People Talking 
Never do physio exercises before a hard session of training because ya will suffer.
Dear ‘Daddy’ in Seat 16C – A Mother’s Touching Thank You To Kind Stranger On Airplane 
I've noticed these days life is like a competition. Most people I know are popular so getting noticed is easy but not for me.
Free from college work for 9 days... time to relax :-)
Wikipedia, Twitter, Facebook.
Happy new year peeps :-)  hope 2014  will bring ya great joy and happiness whilst surprising you at the same time ;-)
NOTICE: I'd never post links to sites on how to lose weight. Deleted those two tweets. I've no clue how those tweets appear on my account.
Hah!

Student denied a grant by SUSI, despite being €7,600 below income threshold (via @thejournal_ie) 
Hope this evening has better luck because I had a bad morning :-(  I really in need of a hug to cheer me up.
When ya feel like the world is against ya and everyone is down ya throat hold ya head up high, move on forward and smile.
@Minitheatre any idea when the site will be up? It says usual error no matter how many times I refresh it.
It would be nice to be appreciated :) To know what you do whether it's small or large makes a difference.
I hope everyone is keeping warm coz it's pretty chilly in Ireland
Ivory Typography Assignment Magz Conway [T00132453]: 
Wish I could get up to @Eirtakon  tomorrow but it sounds quite bleak that will happen. :( I'm kinda afraid I'd get lost.
I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile. 
Might stay away from facebook for a while. It's nothing but a dead zone to me now. No-one bothers to talk to me :(
All my life I've been misunderstood, ignored, not listened to but when someone understands me and listen it makes my effort worth it.
my FYP supervisor stresses me out as hell. Time for serious karate training to vent out my frustration.
Some people are too lazy to answer 8 simple questions :-(
Seriously if ya want to do a survey the most effective way is traditional by handing out sheets and ask peeps to fill them out.
A drop in the well but never gain, to follow or not to follow make up ya mind dammit!
Would mean alot if peeps can take the time to fill out this survey. It's for my Final Year Project.

Sick, gets up but collapse to bed.. *cough cough* work needs to be done. So stubborn .. the life of a final year student.
So stressed, the sooner may comes the better. I'm sick of college! I want out. It feels like jail or a never ending nightmare.
Everyone blows a whistle in anger and frustration every once and a while. Heck it happened to me today and I don't blame peeps avoid me now.
"Angels &amp; Demons" wow what an AMAZING movie.
Some people are like brick walls. Ya say something and they don't listen yet expect a lot out of ya.
*insert clever comment here* Oh I forgot, the "i forgot" excuse is outdated..
Its alright to make mistakes. That's how we learn in life.
"Simpsons" Star Marcia Wallace Dies At 70 
Cheeky kids need to be disciplined better, shame spanking is illegal. (That's what i hear)
That's it after that ruthless budget 2014 most of us young folk will be going abroad. Asia here I come :-)
Be careful what you wish for or say for that matter, heck be careful what you post coz you could be sued.
Everything happens for a good reason.
The little things are always taken for granted but always make a difference in life.
Don't worry about things you can't control and focus on what you can do in life to make a difference.
Treat every minute of time you have as your last breath.
If you over think too much it will cause more than one problem. Focus more on what you can do than what you can't control.
Some people can't take a clue that a friendship is over but instead stalk like hell. It ain't funny -_-

Congratulations to Interactive Multimedia Graduate Ray [Wingn... 
The joys of twitter, you win some you lose some.
"Shouldn't you be studying instead of playing games" is what one say when someone isn't studying. It's not gonna make ya pass college.
@Rialisms CAKE, SWEETS and a pure Blast of a day. Happy Birthday to the youngest of hearts. :)
Giving a presentation on a time limit is SCARY AS HELL!! Especially if ya have slow process of info. My brain doesn't work that fast dammit!
Susi ( grant in ireland) is a pure joke! stupid excuses, no replies, grant to those who spend silly while those who need it suffer. Shameful

Ya correct someone and ya suddenly be called spelling police. People can be so immature. Its important when ya look for work.
The girls give Daphne a new makeover and some dancing tips!... 
Seriously peeps ain't heard of dustbins(garbage cans). Come on!It ain't a chore to take ya trash wit ya. That and no reserve of seats,Stupid
I'm such a stupid softie. That's the downside of being an only child :(
R.I.P Super Mario creator dies at 86 
Looks like peeps hit follow and when ya follow back they unfollow and think ya won't notice. Every heard of linked email? Guess not!
~tweet tweet~ Haha I so wanted to do that ~tweet tweet~ Haha I'm so easily entertained ~tweet tweet~
@Rialisms I just heard. ok, ok i just noticed the lock on ya account. looks like goat needs a boot (Large bazooka at ready)
Congrats to Fodhla Cronin O’Reilly who won the Cartoon d’Or award in Toulouse for their production “Head Over Heels" Ya did Kerry proud :)
Such a buzz @ittralee. Dam I hate being so SHORT :( Didn't even get a pic @grahnort coz I'd nearly got trampled on by everyone.

IT Tralee Welcomes Graham Norton To Prese... 
If you hate someone throw a Pie at them. DAM I ran outta pies ¬.¬ *gets water gun*
Dontcha hate when someone lies to ya face and ya know the truth.
Not knowing how to drive kinda sucks  :(
I love #FridayThe13th Luckiest Date of the year!! Strange I know but haven't had bad luck yet. :)
Posting a facebook status is like talking to oneself. Ya get more entertainment shouting at a brick wall.
@Rialisms hehe he'd have to come over here to find that out but then again I won't tell ;). Hope ya come back to the Emerald Isle (Ireland)
@Nom_con Gotta say I had such a blast at the con I'm so coming back again next year!! First time at the con and LOVED IT!
Laughed so much especially at what @Rialisms said about Natsu, You misses are a LEGEND. A pleasure meeting you :)
@Nom_con . I'm having a blast of a first time at the con :)
Off to nom-con I go, I hope I'd make the train on time. I've got butterflies on my tummy I'm so nervous.
Words are a powerful tool in life. Choose them wisely... They can be both a curse or blessing... power to bring peace or disaster.
Some friendships don't last forever but the ones that do are for life!
Good luck to all the young folk who are getting their Leaving Cert today.
Got new laptop, fault in battery but getting a new one next week. Uncle wasn't too happy... was a tad depressed coz I was over thinking.
I don't want my brain to have slow processing speed of info :( Maybe I should stay silent because I'd appear less stupid.
EUROVISION IS ON! COME ON IRELAND! Get into Final. Austria is pretty good :)
Study for theory starts today!! I hope i pass first time, have to book a date to do exam...
Sailor Moon The Movie: 
I know exactly how Arata feels about friendship. 
Slow internet in evening argh... Must establish cut off time for downloading and get butt offline.
Read Manga Online 
Check out ANIME KICKSTARTER 8D Please read! (VAs announced!) by *Hinata-teh-Lefty on @deviantART 
Facebook Ninja. long earned facebook break, such a dangerous place.
Been bloody ages since i was on twitter. been busy with college *appears behind a huge stack of books*
@cartoonworldorg MysticPhoenix here, i was wondering what has happened to CW coz it's not working, 404 no found error is appearing
This place is dying out unless more members join 

If you like to have fun be sure to join here too.

Anyone love Anime, Games & Manga be sure to join this awesome site. Follow the link join ^_^

