I once cared about what you thought of me HAHA
Once you can do Pilates and look graceful doing it, you know you've made it.
Pilates is life.
Need to see the Poltergeist remake asap
Where the hell is Mason Neff/Holmes did they die
@OoTay11 you poor soul
I love being sweaty
Would you be my baby tonight
They think that I have it all
My ass is gonna be dynamite soon if I keep these new workouts up
Great day. I interacted with real people!
I just wanna be at the gym
The greatest invention was the installment of sewage systems. Praise Jesus for sidewalks free of pig entrails and shit
I stopped comparing myself to other girls a long time ago and man it feels awesome
Why do I agree to things
By closer she actually meant Walker. Which is even farther than her old place.
I agreed to go help Trinity and Cory move into their new place when she said she had moved closer to me
Again, you can't say Eff your beauty standards when you've got 5 layers of photoshop in your picture <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Never mind. My teacher gave me an A bc I actually cared about the class.
Waiting for the rain
Khaleesi starts to dance when I sing
Never knew George Washington's dentures were made of animal teeth damn
I'm going on so many trips this summer, I shouldn't even bother unpacking after the first. I'll just bring an ironing board
!!!!
I stay inside my own little world bc people are cruel in the real one.

Just realized I'm wearing a sweatshirt and now I know why it's so fkin hot
Currently higher than the moon 
I'm a "you've got one chance" kinda person these days. I don't have time to deal with people.
Don't care
Candlelight is sexy
We're just savages
@t0nymoore I feel like that would end VERY badly
I'm not as oblivious as you think
@t0nymoore I should've peed myself
Just caught a guy trying to take pictures while I was doing squats. Are you fucking kidding me dude.
Life's too short to not think you're a bad bitch
So happy I got to spend the day with Chris! I love catching up.
Just wanna sleep for days
Is it really necessary to roll your eyes when I say I won't eat something bc it lacks nutrition? I have my preferences like you do.
It would be lovely to live in a world where people can state their opinions without backlash.
I'll smile and nod my head but inside I'm saying "you poor idiot"
@KTHopkins you are my hero
I need to see a movie
I want to go see a movie
Why do people always assume I'm 17 Jesus <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
We're all just animals
I love you 
The human body is SO amazing. Why wouldn't you want to keep it strong and healthy?
Workouts are what keep me sane.
Sweatin up a storm
My mind is a mess
And then Ima stop right before it becomes cat lady hair
I just want my hair to keep growing and growing and growing
I miss some people though :/
The last two years ruined my life. So glad I got rid of all those negative people.
Time to lay down and read a good book.
I take too many baths
The Exorcist <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
I stay hungry
No game lives up to The Last Of Us.
What to watch what to watch...
My god I smell awful. Like, worse than this gym floor.
Hate that people see Christian Bale ONLY as Batman bc he's a great actor who has been in great movies since the 80's
Sometimes I hate my life but then I remember that people lived during a time in which throwing shit out your window was okay.
@LacieLovegood love it!!!
In all honesty, I think I'd cry more of my cat died than if any of my friends did
And Greek
Craving Mexican food
Shailene Woodley is so pretty
I just did the best stretch of my life and now I can't move
So I got over my lotion phobia and starting using it all over my body and someone has already complimented me on my soft skin damn
I haven't watched It's Always Sunny in so long.
@LacieLovegood I stay roaming with a hungry stomach.
Summertime is nice and hot,
And my life is sweet like vanilla is.
Cocteau Twins are my shit
Someone text me.
Just aced my last final hehehe
Cheat day I guess
Now I'm drinking butter and listening to See You Again and thinking bout Vin Diesel crying
She blended it so long it turned into butter omg
How do you mess up a smoothie king smoothie. It's the same recipe every time.
I just waited 20 minutes in line for a smoothie that tastes like a dead bird.
@CHlLDHOODRUINER @heykinley <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH>
Last final and I am done!! Until summer classes start <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW> remind me again by I chose to take three summer classes
Why does everyone want a dramatic relationship that they must struggle to keep? It's not all that poetic and romantic...
You have 13 hours in which to solve the labyrinth.....
So many people with pet cats who don't know a single thing about cats
Kardashians need to stop complaining. About everything. You have money.
I would totally (have to) sleep with my old, crusty professor if he promised me an A in stats but he didn't so thank god
"I should've gone to class" #collegein5words
Every time I get the Nutty Vegan smoothie they ask me if I've ever had it before. Like as a warning.
Smoothie King has ZAPPS potato chips under a sign that says "Snack right". Literally anything else in the world is better for you.
Some peoples prefrontal cortex never fkin develops I swear.
Basically, don't ask to hang out this summer bc I won't be able to <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Taking 3 summer classes because why not
The girl next to me studying has not stopped talking since I sat down. Why do I always pick the talkers. Why.
Pretty sure I just saw Jon Snow but with summer clothes on
The Horrors <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
Statistics. This is the end.
@lilbbasedboy oh my god eat some canned corn before you die
I just want my own house so everything can be in its right place
Statistics is the worst thing I have ever taken. Id rather take my chances with French.
The second he smashed that ecstasy gnome, I knew he would make it big.
Miles Teller is a FOX.
They play Whiplash and Caravan in "Whiplash" SO much that everyone should have them memorized by the end of the movie.
I know one person who manipulates her BONE STRUCTURE and thins out her arms. Like WHO ARE YOU REALLY
Cannot stand when ppl photoshop their selfies. Airbrushing your entire face and adding eyelashes makes you look like an asshole I'm sorry
Yes I have Edward Norton's face plastered across my shirt. Yes I fkin love it.
Lord thank you for this hair day 
Yeah you may be good lookin but you're not a piece of art
I need to stop these Twitter rambles but I don't care no mo
If you want someone who will text you all day, go out every night, and make plans the day of, don't come to me <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW> I don't like pressure
I love hanging with friends but at certain times only. I like to do my workouts, go to school, hobbies, etc. Then maybe have a sleepover
I'm so done with people I just can't. They invite themselves into your life and then hate you bc you're not available 24/7
Getting real tired of people, who I barely know, being ugly to me bc I don't feel like hanging out with them.
I know brands pay them to wear their stuff but they couldn't pay me enough for some of those outfits
These celebrities have millions of dollars but my god some wear the ugliest shit I've ever seen. Get that girl a Chanel original now
Dreaming of better days
This show, she says she stuck her arm out the front door yelling for help and the man saw her. Why would they change the story???
I remembered when they were found, Amanda said she ran across the street screaming for help and ran up to a man.
Watched the show on Amanda Berry and other girls captured by Ariel C. and the story def changed from the first story told
I'll see you in another life when we are both cats
I wish it were still cool to go braless.
The 90's were so hip, man.
Propaganda here propaganda there
@lilbbasedboy you need to watch it 1000000 times. Isn't it beautiful <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
@lilbbasedboy YAAAAAS <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
Well that's not true. I love Louis Garrel as well. 
Why did they take Water Lilies off of Netflix <WEARY FACE><WEARY FACE><WEARY FACE> it's the only French thing I like in this world
French, I hate you. I loathe you. You bastard.
They read "healthy black man brutally beaten by police" on some google news shit and start yacking away and preaching or whatever they do
Most of the people shaming the police and supporting Freddie Gray haven't even read reports or listened to interviews.
Made some sweet potato chips :) 
Remember to massage your pet's little necks and shoulder blades. They get tense too.
My entire development as a human being is based on films
I wish it was "cool" to be into movies like it is to be into music. No one ever asks "so what kinda movies do you like?"
Yes lemon water is good for your tummy but you ain't gonna lose weight by dieting on it. You'll just die
Everything is a popularity contest
All I'm concerned with these days is working out and sonic shakes. And cats. I've said this before.
Why is everything about hooking up? Stop thinking with your fkin dick okay
Oh so you're gonna be a dick to me bc I wouldn't help you cheat on your gf. How attractive!!!!
People disgust me
Then I'll just get on the floor and work on abs
As soon as I finish studying, I am going straight to the gym and run until I can't feel my legs.
Person: What's your major?
Me: Psych
Person: OO so can you like, read my mind? What kinda person am i?
Me: ....an idiot
The next day to cover up your shame :(
When you accidentally eat junk food the day before bc you are depressed about grades so you wear track pants and a large sweatshirt
Just slept for 15 hours.
Where did Ezra Miller go?
Have you learned how to take a shower yet?
To anyone who wears fedoras: don't
Really hate how all these people are like "omg RIP my grades" and they finishing the semester with As and Bs. Stop trying to sound cool
Love is not worth years of endless snoring next to my ear
I could be in love with you but if you snore, I'm sorry but it'll never work between us
"I'm not like most girls" - most girls
@Rikkibarbour that's why I stayed awake for the surgery lmao
@dylahn she was my fav <PENSIVE FACE> RIP
Can't wait to finish French so I can burn the book and send it back to Hell where it belongs
@dylahn YEAH! all we had was psych &amp; that teacher left bc everyone tortured her <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
@dylahn they have SOCL courses at STA?!
I feel kinda fierce this morning
I'm gettin hot and bothered just thinking about it
Then watch morning cartoons on all the gym tvs and get smoothie king delivered
I wanna have a private gym slumber party where we just blast our own music and just work out all night together.
Cause I'm Mr. Brightside
Got so much stress out at the gym tonight. Hope I start feeling like myself soon
I forgot Crista was coming over after work. But now I'm happy!
@chasetifers giiiiirl
Do I smell bad or something?
Nothing feels better than when your ex admits that you weren't crazy after all. Yeah, you missed your fucking chance bud <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Heading to the gym soon so I let this annoyance out
Hahahahaha
One more French class and I'll never have to look at that evil language again. Je suis très heureuse <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Just made chicken, broccoli, cheese and brown rice filled tortillas. <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
If you didn't want to spend thousands on your child's medical bills, you shouldn't have had a kid with your brother. I mean
There is a BIG difference between being sad and being depressed. People throw the word around waaaay too much.
Just kidding. I don't have four friends
I like MAYBE 4 of my friends
Buffy all day every day
Although if I were in one, I'd have someone to go get queso dip with
All people talk about on social networks are relationships. Wanting one, having one....there's more to life!!!!!!
Ayyyyyy I want queso dip
I wish make up didn't exist and people could just be stuck with their face and learn to love it
Vanilla Sky
Like chapter by chapter and the teacher was so shocked by how fast I was talking w/ so much detail, that she just stood there
I remember when my 4th grade teacher tried to give a summary to a book I had read but was incorrect so I retold the ENTIRE book to the class
Taco Time uh huh
Me currently 
DEAR GOD I AM UGLY TODAY. Not looking in the mirror again. Nope.
I haven't looked this ugly in a while. Damn
I hate compliments. I like them but I hate them.
Jimmy Fallon is the cutest creature I've ever seen.
I really need to get out more
Not sure if I even know how to hold a conversation with someone these days
Broccoli overdose
Broccoli <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
So glad I don't have a penis to worry about and protect
They also have to love cats and scifi movies.
I just want someone who will do yoga and go hiking with me. And cook exotic, healthy dinners.
When you bathe in Chanel and feel like you're wrapped in a soft, silk cloud
Blade Runner <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
You're not a feminist. you're not fighting for all women....only women who look like you.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore. I can't.
Being a feminist means wanting gender equality.....it has nothing to do with weight
There's no basement in the Alamo
This Baltimore shit is a joke. They aren't rioting for justice. They are rioting to destroy and break into stores to steal shit.
@falonator shit happens. You do you
And why are you whining over Protein World's ads? Because you're unhappy with YOURSELF.
@ttimberr we're talking about a face brush by the way. I realize how vague that tweet was
@ttimberr I blame you
I stopped using my brush bc it made me break out but I realized it was bc it brought all the nasties to the surface of my pores.
This clarisonic stuff is the shit
8 weeks of vigorous Pilates and my flexibility is not improving at the rate I would like <POUTING FACE>
Whatever happened to guys with short, clean hair? <PENSIVE FACE>
Love professors who realize what bullshit the education system is.
Well not all obv but I don't like all human beings either
I love cops
If I don't reply to your text, do not spam me. I obviously got the first one and do not want to talk.
Khaleesi is back home and I am extremely happy!
@lallylovesyou she decided to come back AFTER the apocalypse
I FOUND MY CAT 
Still can't find my cat
Yall. I really can't find my cat.
I CANT FIND MY CAT
Pretty sure I'm driving in the eye of a tornado right now
Can't stand people who constantly complain about themselves yet never try to improve in any way. That's what life is about!
Need to start having a life again
The only person who is allowed to ask for nudes from me is @heykinley
Pilates on a full stomach damn
Just bc you listen to rap and smoke weed does not mean you have any sort of entitlement <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Whoever stole my wallet + ID, LSU ID, Heath card, debit card....I will gouge your eyes out
They take classes for that shit. They know how to persuade you. Don't let them get a chance to!
Why do people even acknowledge the kiosk people at the mall? They just want to sell you knock off products for 300 dollars.
@tristyn17 omg I don't have it anymore. Remember I posted it on Instagram and everyone was like TRISTYN'S GRANDMA
@tristyn17 remember that woman's yearbook picture that looked like you?
@tristyn17 you would pull that off REALLY well
If you feel the need to be a bitch to me for no reason, I'm going to take it as a form of flattery. So thanks
You cannot say effurbeautystandards and then be a model who wears Prada and 5 gallons of make up.
Someone teach me how to put on make up
I can't be tamed
I keep buying extra strawberries so I can make my smoothies but I keep eating them all <PENSIVE FACE>
Weight is only a portion of beauty standards, Tess Munster. Now lose the make up and duck lips and then we'll talk.
I don't want a relationship w/ a person bc people are awful and I don't want one w/ pizza bc it gives me cellulite on my ass.
Just want it to be summer so I can leave this fkin country
Young Chevy Chase jesus
Love making people laugh
@LacieLovegood is the baddest bitch
@heykinley open my snapchat!!!!!!!
So should I flee to the gym for the rest of the day or
Met the love of my life in my dream last night and was woken up by the sound of thunder demons.
Apocalypse <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@CHlLDHOODRUINER @heykinley
@CHlLDHOODRUINER @heykinley
Yoga/Pilates is the best thing to ever happen in my life. My body literally craves it throughout the day.
You know, female loose fitted training pants aren't so loose. Everything is about showing off the outline of your vagina nowadays.
Ate greasy pizza tonight and already regretting it <CONFUSED FACE> <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>
Someone needs to come braid my hair in like 6 different styles bc I can't. I'll even straighten it 4 u first. Plz
You don't have to be gay in order to identify with another gender. It has NOTHING to do with sexuality people.
How do people eat fast food EVERY DAY?!
I think it messed up my face recognition <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
I miss making cupcakes and bringing them to school
There's nothing more soothing than beating heavy cream to soft peaks
Just made more chocolate mousse help
My aunt is my hero. She's worth 70 mil yet still refuses to buy shoes that are more than 30 dollars and is involved in so many charities.
So blessed to have such awesome relatives. Russia and England are going to be amazing.
So I'm going to be staying with the Duke  Somerset in England this summer and I plan to marry his son.
When I'm ready to go, I'm ready to go. Hate when people take forever.
I think I'll go grunge for a while.
@ashbayy I know it's SO RUDE
High school literally taught me nothing about the real world.
School doesn't measure your intelligence or potential. It measures how well you can take a test.
Everyone please remember that. Don't be hard on yourself.
"Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid".
Palm Beach, Disney, and the West Coast this summer <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
Only one more week of French and I'll never have to look at that shit again.
Everybody's trying too hard to be different
I'm okay with an alarm waking me up but if a person tries, so help me god
Really not okay for people to be spoiling Grey's like this. Especially the actors.
Gonna go hiking this weekend and pray to Mother Nature bc God alone can't help me with my exams.
Okay everyone who spoiled Grey's tonight has a spot waiting for them in Hell.
I certainly don't talk this much in person.
I'm beginning to realize that the reason I tweet so much is bc I'm trying to fill this void I have. And I get bored in the tub.
I've been in the tub for so long, my water has gone cold. Dammit.
@PaulPatty225 but pregnant teenagers are so much more artistic
And get rid of reality tv shows
Bring the 90's back
My heart belongs to my cat. Sorry.
@t0nymoore teamwork.
@t0nymoore I've had to do that more times than I'm willing to admit
@dylahn flippy hair
Beards are overrated
@chasetifers <DISAPPOINTED FACE>
Plus my phone has been dead for the past 6 hours
Sorry I don't text every second of the day. I'm busy enjoying life n shit.
@chasetifers but I kept you from focusing for 8 minutes
@dylahn and the way they walk around with their chests puffed out <UNAMUSED FACE>
@chasetifers sorry <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
These glutes workouts are def working
I basically have to teach myself an entire semester of statistics
Looking at my planner and I honestly do not know where to start my studying
Are we we are, are we we are the waaaiting unknown
@falonator fat/skinny shaming is taking over the Internet and it's getting REALLY old
Loving someone is nice but being able to be happy alone is key.
There's more to life than dwelling over stupid boys and stupid girls. Take control of ya life
My goal this summer is to make connections with important old people in Palm Beach
Can't wait to be in Palm Beach this summer.
@LacieLovegood I remember getting on top of him and choking him. I swear
Trying to do my yoga outside but Rusty is licking his bone really loudly and it's making me uncomfortable
Hate when I say I love Twin Peaks and people think I'm talking about the restaurant
Just slept for 5 hours. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><PISTOL>
I've literally been repeating the word "nap" in my head since 12pm.
@LacieLovegood mason neff left a smoothie in mine and then spilled it when getting back into the car
You can tell a lot about a person by the way they drive on the interstate
I wish my dad had created Walmart. Being worth 37 billion dollars sounds FUN.
Please marry each other bc no one else will be able to put up with that
I literally had to run away from them so I could hear my mom on the phone
To the guy and girl Behind me who are so excited about something that they feel the need to YELL, STOOOOP
@blxyke your tweet made my day better!
Girl in my class has earphones in and is SCREAMING at her screen, laughing about crawfish while teacher is speaking. You're 20 <CONFUSED FACE>
Stop beating yourself up bc you don't look like those girls. They don't look like that either LOL
Dude everything is photoshopped. Everything
Rock &gt; everything else
It's a gorgeous day <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
@heykinley don't rear end anyone
Judging by the tweets from my STA people, someone's having a very bad day
And then take me to get Mexican food or Greek idc I love both
Someone take me to the movies plz
I need to get away and listen to good music at night.
I cannot stress to you how much I do not care.
@heykinley I HAD ALL THE INGREDIENTS THIS TIME
Made it from scratch :) 
So many thick hair probz occurring right now
The body is SUCH a beautiful thing. You should feed it well and right.
Dad broke the blender and won't fess up to it
About to make some healthy chocolate mousse
Woke up to Karleigh beating on my window <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
I am NOT a plan b.
So glad Karleigh is my workout buddy.
So many things in life to appreciate.
Gym busy tonight
It's so hard to find intelligence these days LOL *cries*
I got frozen yogurt btw
Why do people like Starbucks so much
Craving frozen yogurt
Yall need to stop with these lip plumpers. They leave an awful bruise and people gon think you've been giving too many blowjobs.
One more class and then I'm freeeeee
So glad I know Danny. Never have to wait for a library computer <RELIEVED FACE>
With the exception of sonic shakes
I can't even imagine eating fast food nowadays
I'm so glad you disgust me to the point where I can delete all of our pictures without even caring. I've got so much free space now.
This girl just came charging into the building with her head down and nearly ran me over what
@heykinley I'm already making the playlist for Disney World
When you start eating your protein bar and realize you have no water <CONFOUNDED FACE>
French fml
Makin biscuits for my cat
I have 4 texts that I have yet to reply to since Friday. I am an awful friend and shouldn't have texting.
Some have this mindset where they believe if they like lots of your pics at once, you'll understand he wants the V and you'll beg for the D
@chloe_elise__ @heykinley cheese balls
@dylahn hiking is life
I'd be much better off if I had someone to study with but all of my friends just end up getting food and eating it on top their notes
Did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star?
@frenchhornfick too much candy eaten LOL
Room is spinning
Didn't know there was such a thing as eating too much broccoli. Now I do.
Definitely going hiking next weekend
Today was so pretty and I spent it at home. I hate having no life.
I could go for chocolate mousse right now
Bread soaked in gumbo juice to go along with my fruits and veggies <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Goo Goo Dolls// Name
@heykinley 
Can't wait to go meal prep shopping based on my B positive regimen
Couldn't believe how many people were at church today.
I like to be left alone
I can't go one day without someone waking me up <UNAMUSED FACE>
Haven't been sleeping at all and it's really taking a toll on my sanity
Really just want to be in Disney World right now, eating pizza and tracking down Brer Rabbit for an autograph
Distractions
@heykinley I'm going to project this above the alter at your wedding
Hahahahahaha what in the world is this @heykinley 
Wish Kinley were here <PENSIVE FACE>
Been in bed watching Netflix with my mom for like 5 hours and it's been magical
@LacieLovegood boobs are fucking great. I'm glad I have some.
@londonword BO BURNHAM IN GENERAL
Meow meow
Meow
If you're going to talk shit, please say it to my face so we can address the problem.
I spend too much time on Reddit
@watthehelhannah Jesus
We're just destroying this beautiful planet more and more
I've got Hermione Granger 1st year hair today
College Dr can go die
@chasetifers dear god
Omg 
It's so weird being downtown during the day.
Just noticed how lopsided my ears are And now I'm pretty fucking depressed.
I just cannot believe I'm up right now.
You bitch
Wanna get out of here
Lack of sleep leads to depression which leads to my craving of everything that's fattening and fried
College really is one big pile of bullshit
I need a machine gun.
I would give up my soul for a nap right now.
Can't put the blame on you
It amazes me how some people were able to get their license.
@heykinley LOLOL <FACE THROWING A KISS>
Found a potential roommate?! Maybe?!
I'm a psyc major, lady. I wasn't meant to speak French. I was meant to study social interaction and da mind.
Why on earth do girls WANT a thigh gap?
Haven't gotten to French yet but it sure has ruined my day already
Went to sleep with pants on. Woke up with pants off. Hm.
Titanic's music score has got to be the most beautiful soundtrack ever made.
Same shit, different day
My mom may be loud, order online too much, and have a pet roach named Ralph, but she's the most selfless person you'll ever meet.
My mind is somewhere else these days
If someone won't leave you alone, just hiss at them. I'm serious.
My heaven is lying in a bathtub that has forever hot water and a wine dispenser that never runs out. And my cat obv
Dear god I hate these night classes
Currently working on: Buns of steel
<GRIMACING FACE> 
I'm dressed in Nike and these people wearin Prada, damm
At a seminar with Wesley and we are the only people who aren't from Czech Republic
Why is the wine always gone
@voiceofreeseon oh I've had that mastered for years
I look like the worm lady who remembers chocolate on Spongebob, today
@LacieLovegood looks like the sky is too
Need you baby like I breathe you baby, fuckin need you baby
@LacieLovegood you poor little sunflower
I've come to the conclusion that Lana Del Rey is the meaning of life
@LacieLovegood LOLOLOL
You have no idea, do you? <CONFUSED FACE>
I'm a sad girl, I'm a bad girl
I fucking love my cat.
@heykinley I'm going to buy you a cabbage for your birthday you bitch
Not sure if I've forgotten how to feel or if I'm subconsciously protecting myself
About to break into Olive Garden and make myself a salad with 3 pounds of cheese.
Just did a Tae Bo workout for the first time in years. I still got it <SMIRKING FACE>
Late night jog and the fireflies are out
My hair at the gym vs other girls' hair at the gym <PENSIVE FACE><PENSIVE FACE><PENSIVE FACE> 
In serious need of a nap.
Flash flood alert made me pee myself just a little
@lilbbasedboy dammit I suck at Twitter
@lallylovesyou it's not bad. I had my surgery wide awake with numbing
@alex_templet then you'd be playing flappy bird
I'm the friend that will invade your personal space as a sign of my love.
The way to a girl's heart is NOT slithering around her like a sneaky snake and calling her "babe" dear god
My bullshitting in French is unbelievable
If they can't make you laugh, what's the point?
Same shit, different day
Why isn't my hair shiny like that nowadays? Wtf
I cannot fucking handle 12 year old Chloe 

People love to gossip about others as if they know the whole story when they really don't know shit
Don't want to go to French tomorrow but hey life is awful

me: officer ur pupils dilate by 45% wen u see someone u love

cop:

me: *leans in fo…
There's more to life
Psychological damage
HA
I'm not playing hard to get.
Gonna shoot for 2 hours tonight
Sorry if you wave and I don't respond. I'm never aware of my surroundings
Really need to make this summer count
Craving Olive Garden
@alec_ortego I ask bc imma have to stop in one day and say hey !
B positive <SMIRKING FACE>
I'm so excited to find out my blood type. The suspense has been killing me you have no idea.
@alec_ortego do you still work at the baby store LOL
Save your passive aggressiveness for someone who cares
Don't complain if you're not doing anything to make it better
Whatever I end up doing in life, I want to make sure I'm bringing others comfort
Green tea is good for you. So drink it.
Oh sure lights, feel free to go out while I'm in the tub.
@watthehelhannah scariest alert ever <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
When Vin Diesel is sad, I am sad.
When you at a level 8 and forget how to breathe...
Mom: What are you doing?
Me: about to play my PS4
Mom: okay well come visit me in my room b4 I start to miss you too much 
<WHITE SMILING FACE>️
I hate myself for tweeting so much
Just gonna watch Fight Club instead LOL
@falonator I'll never leave you bby
And wear a fkin dress
Just wanna go out so I can fix my hair all pretty and feisty
People watching is so much fun
Why is it so busy tonight <WEARY FACE>
@changirling once you actually become the cream cheese
Imma fall asleep on the leg press tonight
I've never seen so many signs in one restroom <CONFUSED FACE> 
@brydenise I've been singing this ALL week
Just watched a cow eat a chicken whole and I will never be able to repress it
Drove all the way home for 1 1/2 hours just to take a hot bath. #oneandonlybae
The '90s were everything man
People become friends with me just so they can see my mom I swear
I'm always laughing at hilarious shit and people just say "ur so retarded" <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
It's like I'm on crack
Health food store won't have my bars in for a while bc I've bought every single box they've had for the past two weeks <WEARY FACE> give me more

Dis guy 
As much as I love thunder, I do not like walking across campus in the rain. Neither do my Nikes
Listening to old Coldplay makes me think of my mom and I laying out in the sun when I was little
@tyroslolz @lilbbasedboy Tyros bby I wish I could have taken care of you <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Everyone's going through something. It doesn't matter who has it "harder".
I don't usually shame celebs but Justin Bieber really is a little shit and in no way desirable
@ashbayy I love it but I feel like I'm hiding from the world LOL
I've probably sent under 5 texts in the past two days because everyone hates me <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
My lack of social interaction is getting worse <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
I literally go to school, go to the gym, and then go home to take a bath and sleep. That's all I do. Every day.
@falonator keep ya head up
@t0nymoore The only thing I hate more than them is that fucking rabbit you had to catch
My favorite part of Mario 64 was dropping the baby penguin off the cliff
How can people just jump from one person to the next? Sounds emotionally exhausting.
Silent Hills is being put on hold? Are you kidding me?
@falonator you better have your own back <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW> #lifesucks
@ashbayy I still have sand in my car from last summer
This is SO cool 
I love holding the door open for people. They smile and I smile and we all smilin
A little less fake and a little more real
The guy on the treadmill next to me is singing SO loud and I just can't <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Walking into the gym wishing I had pepper spray
@JohnnyMelancon I'll just carry both. Just in case.
I need to get some pepper spray or, preferably, a machete
That could talk in a Russian accent
I would love to have a pet alligator
@heykinley 
Just made a complete stop at an intersection while the light was green. <NEUTRAL FACE>
@iceque3n yes indeed!!!!
Marilyn Manson kinda day
My French prof is already emailing about homework and an exam <GRIMACING FACE><PISTOL>
I'm not very good at waiting
@heykinley GO HOME YOURE DRUNK
Love laying in bed and watching movies until I can't keep my eyes open
@watthehelhannah this song is my life.
<FACE THROWING A KISS>
Why can't people just be themselves?
Currently dancing in candle light while romantic music plays.
But I'm a creep. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here?
@LacieLovegood I just like to treat my pizza good, you know?
I will soon devour you pizza, and for revenge, you will give me cellulite on my butt
I like to pet the warm pizza box in the passenger seat while I'm driving home
You have a girlfriend and you're pissed at me for ignoring your fuckboy text? <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Starting early tonight
And that's my motherfucking words too. 
Just let me motherfucking love you
Bring your love baby I could bring my shame. Bring the drugs baby I could bring my pain.
Hate seeing my friends get hurt by a boy. Gotta go beat someone up now.
Sitting in my car while mom walks around nursery bc I'm allergic to plants apparently according to the hives all over my body <ANGRY FACE><WEARY FACE>
I will have your head on a stick
These smoothie king bitches think they can half ass my smoothie without me noticing bc they want to get back to texting on their phone
Cows. Are. Awesome.
I am a dragon, you're a whore,
Don't even know what you're good for.
Mimickin' me's a fuckin' bore
To me, but babe.
Why am I awake
Confused confused
<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
From the morning to the evening, complaints from the tenants. Got the walls kicking like they six months pregnant.
I want a movie theater in my house with every movie ever made available instantly. And unlimited nachos.
Remember the days before you were broken and hardened?
Wine + Lana Del Rey
@watthehelhannah watch 7 seasons of BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER
Cher Horowitz is everything I aspire to be 
They're lovers, not fighters <WEARY FACE>
I feel so bad for all the horses that get shot down during battle scenes in movies.
I'm a saaad girl, I'm a baaad girl
I could live off of fortune cookies. I really could.
The Strokes will always be my niggas
Money. Power. Glory. Hallelujah.
I feel like the Gonzales Planet Fitness is the only one that's not run by assholes
I'm an only child <WEARY FACE>
"He does dress better than I do, what would I bring to the relationship?"
Really hate when people get their pets high. Fuck that.
@lilbbasedboy before Dan became the anti Christ
Just found an unopened bottle of tea in my fridge that @chasetifers bought me 5 months ago <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
<DECIDUOUS TREE><DECIDUOUS TREE><DECIDUOUS TREE><DECIDUOUS TREE><DECIDUOUS TREE><DECIDUOUS TREE><HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
@watthehelhannah <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
@watthehelhannah Sagittarius <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
@asapclaudz oh my god
Finally got bae 
@CodyMcmanus1 your feet remind me of the 600 pound life people <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@CodyMcmanus1 <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> God damn
Sonic shake time
Can't believe how far I've come since the past two years. I'm happier now than you ever made me. Than all of you.
Love me like you do 
Some slender man lookin creep creepin HARD
Greys anatomy AND SVU plays at the gym at 7pm?!?! How did I not know this sooner
Stop making excuses for assholes
Mmm
Glam rock 4ever
1408 is a very underrated movie
Ha...
Some people's captions on Instagram are SO cringe worthy <WEARY FACE>
I tried the whole "letting your guard down and being happy" thing before and its pretty shitty bc people are awful
We're just savages
@t0nymoore we love both those things. But it's just a coincidence obv
Best pic we've taken together 
How stupid do you think I am <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> oh man
Such a good day <SMIRKING FACE>
I love watching others succeed
Quit your bullshit
This guy just shaved his girlfriend's eyebrow "to be funny". <NEUTRAL FACE><EXPRESSIONLESS FACE> I think I would rather be sent to prison than let him get away with it
There's nothing worse than having to pee while you're still laying in bed trying to go back to sleep
I miss dressing up as a man with a uni brow and making videos with Karleigh
I remember the good ol days back when I could still feel or even just give a shit about something
Fuck it, I'm drinking this wine right now
My god I love cats
@ashbayy not sure how they got there but I must be doing something right
Getting friends to follow my healthy eating plan is so exciting
Friend: "No we're good"
Me: 
Some random number texted me a picture of a girl on a horse in the middle of some woods. I'm so confused
I need to watch all The Fast and the Furious movies
I once replied to a text a YEAR after it was sent to me. I'm that awful at texting.
Nothing feels better than stretching after a long workout. Nothing.
<FLEXED BICEPS><HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
Don't hold yourself back
Buy me tanks and I'll love ya forever
I have an unopened bottle of wine and no one to drink it with <WEARY FACE>
Green Tea Tango is my new favorite smoothie
This store is playing straight country music <CONFOUNDED FACE>
Just heard a Sesame Street character say "Drop it like its hot"
I can play The Last of Us over and over and never get sick of it
Oh my god 
Found my old Lion King underwear in storage. <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️ makes me happy 
I'm just a booty call to @Creeesta123 she always leaving
Dwelling just causes too much stress. Just go with the flow.
Sonic shake will be in my dreams tonight
<SMIRKING FACE>
I need to skydive out a plane while in my car asap
@chasetifers lucky
People who don't watch their children sicken me. I look after my cat better than you do your child.
"Me"- The 1975
I will not get nachos at the movies. I will not get nachos at t- I'm getting nachos.
Why do they even play Gates on the radio? The only words not bleeped out is "the" and "you"
I just want a sonic shake jesus that's all I want

This weather makes me want to eat lunch next to a waterfall and then go explore some caves for 6 hours.
@Creeesta123 
@ashbayy 9 is my favorite time. All the cool kids go :)
@Creeesta123 and by slumber party I mean you sleeping in my moms bed while I bitch
@Creeesta123 we havin a slumber partay tonight?
@ttimberr he's still a better person than Steve Harvey
Crista help
@ashbayy MY LIFE
I can spend hours in Walmart without realizing it
I don't answer my phone for a reason omg
My mom told my friend on the phone that I'd hang out with them tonight during my GYM time without asking me
Love when my mom answers my phone for me and has hour long convos with my friends
Yes, the danger must be growing
For the rowers keep on rowing
And they're certainly not showing
Any signs that they are slowing
Stocking up on goodies for this week 
@TroyMatchew I do too, it's okay lol
Take a look, it's in a book, reading rainbooooow
@Creeesta123 after I bring my mom to the library
Don't know what I'm gonna do today
If I had millions of dollars, I would buy an island and never deal with society ever again <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Like, all this hate she gets literally doesn't reach her bc she's out on some island with her 150 mil getting massages and shit
If I had as much money as Miley, I'd be doing crazy shit too. I wouldn't know what to do with myself and all that money everyday.
<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I miss @heykinley more than anything else :(
@watthehelhannah YOU ARE RAINBOWS AND SUNSHINE DUST
I need a joint asap.
I have been here for 3 hours. Jesus Christ I have a problem <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
@LacieLovegood actually ball sweat smells better
Why can't they let us bring our fucking mats so we don't have to do cardio on the floor that smells like ball sweat?
All that money, the money is the motive
Hate wearing my hair in a ponytail
Gotta let go of the little thangs
@falonator boys ew gross icky
Give me chocolate in any form and I'll be yours forever and ever
Molten Lava Cake TODAY
Frozen yogurt errday
Malcolm McDowell in a lunchables commercial <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Cows are awesome
I'm kinda diggin the gym at 1:30pm. Really interesting people..
An awesome sense of humor is so attractive
Lunch date with Criiiiista
Sometimes I call people by their Instagram name instead of their real name and that scares me
My mind says to sleep but my body says to take a midnight jog
You nag and nag me yet you get upset when I finally lash out. Hmmm
<RELIEVED FACE>
Trust no bitch
Feeling so energized!
My infatuation with young Chevy Chase is unhealthy
Meow
Gym time finally.
If I ever make a movie about my life, I want Edward Norton to write it
@lallylovesyou @tristyn17 boys don't know how good they've got it
I would very much like a chocolate shake from Sonic
What am I doing with my life <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Just wanna go jogging
If you harm my cat, I will harm you
Fuck yeah give it to me this is heaven what I truly want
Coming home in a few hours!
Still trying to accept the fact that selfie sticks are a thing
@tristyn17 after 3, you can literally start to feel your butt and stomach getting fatter
@OoTay11 hate when I tweet love lyrics and people think I'm subtweeting someone
I have learned to give zero fucks for anything that doesn't make me happy.
@dylahn I wish I were at the gym so I guess we can trade places <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Yeeep. Yoga on the beach was a success.
Broccoli warms my heart
Don't get mad at me bc YOU messed up
That one time I mistook my shoe laces for a snake in the woods and I literally saw my life flash before my eyes.
@ttimberr Reese's forever, Tim. Forever.
I love the beach but I would really love to be at the gym right now. <CONFUSED FACE>
Fuck memories
Rick Grimes is love
Do you ever over eat so much that your stomach is an inch from tearing? <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Wish I could go fishing
I'm ready to eat a fucking po boy now
Best thing to munch on. Over 14 healthy ingredients <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Help
Excuse me ma'am but you have a rather large shit stain on your ass and Its making me uncomfortable. #walmart
Cats make me happy
The noise Rusty makes when he gets jealous sounds like a dying donkey
Beach time!!!! Can't wait to get away for a few days with ma momma
"She held herself very straight, like Audrey Hepburn, whom all women idolize and men never think about"
I REALLY miss Robin Williams. Just his presence on screen was enough to make me laugh.
Me when someone thinks they can just take something off my plate without asking bc we are friends or something 
Pizza Hut worth it tho
I hardly eat unhealthy now so when I do, my body goes into shock and dies for a lil bit.
Boys just mean trouble
Pizza Hut *cries*
Hate people who talk over others
Can't believe I'm taking an exam right now and in 14 hours I'll be heading to the beach
Staring is the worst road. Ever.
Hate bitches in the Popeyes drive thru.
Crystal Castles <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
Everybody getting their heart broken lately damn
About to devour some Pizza Hut cheese filled crust laaaaaawd
@watthehelhannah some people just wear too much makeup
I'll stop being mushy now
Also, being able to be best friends with your mother is such an awesome thing. So many people are distant w/ their parents and its saddening
To raising me as a stay at home mom. I was brought up by good people and have become a well-mannered, insightful adult bc of it.
I've got two parents who love me above everything else, my dad has worked his whole life so I don't have to, and my mom dedicated her life
I wake up every morning knowing just how blessed I am and I don't take it for granted even for a moment. I am SO SO thankful for everything
I think I love the "It Follows" score bc it's like a mix between Cat People and The Neverending Story's score.
Not sure why there's a Halloweentown marathon on but I ain't mad at it
Late night jogs are the best
I love when people who never come to class finally do on a day when an essay they had no idea about is due <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
<FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND TIGHTLY-C>
But not all was bad. French made me realize that not everything is meant to be. Clearly. And you've got to keep your head high no matterwhat
Many mornings I woke up weeping, knowing I'd have to face it in just a few hours from then. Did we have homework? Who knows. I had given up.
French has made my self esteem drop so low. We were not meant to be together. Yet our relationship was put on display everyday in class.
I've also come to the realization that my head is very oddly shaped and my dreams of being an actress are ruined.
Not only do I have to listen to myself speak French while making this video, I have to WATCH myself fail miserably at it
Just stumbled across 2012 choir festival music. Holy shit memories
I tweet a lot because i spend 90% of my life in traffic or waiting in lines
The Killers can get it
The shake is the most important part
Dream date: see a movie, get shakes from Sonic, and then discuss the movie while walking along the train tracks in DT Baton Rouge
“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid"
I'm known to be one of the worst texters and I'm okay with that
Hate technology and what it's done to people <UNAMUSED FACE>
Professional bullshitter
Really dreading making this french movie skit. My partner has no idea just how useless I am going to be <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW> je ne sais pas
Miles Teller is the perfect male
I don't understand people who go out of their way to make fun of other people. What made you THAT bitter inside...
Just because I'm not good at something that you are doesn't mean I'm not good at anything
If you're ever feeling shitty, listen to Britney Spear's "Stronger" to feel like a bad bitch
Congratulations. You've joined the ranks of all the rest.
There's a big difference in knowing someone's real life self and knowing their social media self.
Why can't I just fall asleep instead of mindlessly staring at my phone <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
Saddest thing I've ever read 
But kind people find out that they are cruel. Confronted by their true selves, most men run away screaming!
but up until now he had not known that one and the same creature can be both, that beauty can be terrifying.
Listening to Project X soundtrack makes me think of @heykinley and I in 2012
Inside jokes with your best friends are the best thing ever. Nothing makes you laugh harder
@falonator you really can't
Oh you won't find love in a hole. It takes more than fucking someone to keep yourself warm.
Myyyyy life. You electrify myyyy life.
@heykinley the mask reminded me of you that night in my apartment LOL
I feel like some people come here just to text and play on their phones lol.
Things get really good for a while and then they get really bad for what seems like an eternity.
I walk into my moms room and see this thing 
I cannot wait to see the Mad Max remake <GRIMACING FACE><GRIMACING FACE><GRIMACING FACE><GRIMACING FACE><GRIMACING FACE>
I want to do yoga in a sauna
I can watch Law and Order SVU for 6 hours straight and not even realize it
I watched so many students get embarrassed because they weren't able to run or play kickball without falling over themselves
It's required for every kid to take PE, that's fine. But don't punish a kid if they don't want to run laps or play sports.
*hear loud noise and turn around* mom has managed to fall while standing still
*lowe's intercom comes on*
Mom: what was that noise coming from my purse?
Now we are making fun of the parents at tutti frutti who have 6 kids and hate their life
She slurps it like she has no teeth
My mom and I are in the parking lot arguing over how loud she's slurping her yogurt
Not caring what people say or think of you is THE most liberating feeling.
Let me sleep a thousand years
They look like strong hands.
My dad doesn't believe that I went to school today bc my book sack is in the same spot it was this morning. The man is crazy
Planet's massage chairs are always so fucked up and it breaks my heart
How do girls get their hair to look SO good in a ponytail at the gym? <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
I love laying in bed with my mom, watching mystery shows
I always feel bad when I scare snakes while I'm walking
Nice way to spend the afternoon 
Snowball time
@watthehelhannah things never change
@watthehelhannah is it the choir's alto section?
Is it nap time yet
Don't know where I would be without my mom
My nose is still slightly crooked from when I broke it and I softly weep sometimes bc I don't want to look like Owen Wilson
Craving Greek food
Dwelling gets you nowhere
I'm going to make it a goal to go to Piccadilly this week.
@voiceofreeseon I KNOW. When Jay freaked out in the house and they all woke up....except her mother.
@voiceofreeseon good ol plot holes
Just going with the flow, hoping I make good choices along the way
So uh can someone bring me a Sonic chocolate shake or
I can't play the Silent Hills playable teaser without having nightmares. I can't imagine what the actual game is gonna do to me
People have so much bitterness in them
She had cat eyes, nine lives
@heykinley those are my fav. I just put my face in the bag and open my mouth
Gotta make it back for the encore of TWD's season finale !!
When your ponytail loses its elastic and you have to work out with your hair down
Beware of the smiling faces
This guy is like the Maureen Ponderosa to my Dennis Reynolds
My stalker asked me out on another date so I shoved a tootsie roll in my mouth as a response
Hey guy behind me with his brights on, can you fucking not?
@voiceofreeseon I love how no one cares about the poor girl who just got shot in the leg and is losing blood in that scene.
@voiceofreeseon I hope it has talon-like feet because that shit always scares me.
@voiceofreeseon his character reminded me of frank from Donnie Darko. His outfit and hair. For some reason
@voiceofreeseon oh definitely. The subtle instances where they showed him checking out EVERY female in the film proves that.
@voiceofreeseon the only way to stay safe is to pray that the people after you are smart enough to survive. And THAT dependency is scary
@voiceofreeseon Not scary but the concept is psychologically terrifying. (Not being able to feel safe for the rest of your life)
@voiceofreeseon yeah I found it to be extremely refreshing compared to recent flicks but it shouldn't have been promoted as "scary"
@voiceofreeseon I really liked the score
I kinda want to be a female Marty Mcfly for Halloween this year since it's finally gonna be October 2015
I'm lactose intolerant but nesquick strawberry milk is just too good and worth the pain
American cheese is not real cheese <CONFOUNDED FACE> <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>
Let people know you appreciate them
Made some more drop biscuits and man that hit the spot
All I'm going to do during spring break is eat snowballs, lay in sand, look at the stars, drink wine, and be happy.
People who just continue to under estimate you <UNAMUSED FACE>
But in all seriousness, fuck the lady who stopped to see why we were lost on the road at 9;30pm but wouldn't give us a short ride to my car
The only downfall of being single is not having someone you can actually seduce enough to rub your feet for hours and hours
When someone starts bitching to me I literally just walk away
You are my summer
Cruisin at night listening to Midnight City fuck yeah
We ran out of water at around 5pm. We were 4 miles away from the actual trail. In deep woods with deer. Came across a scary village
Like, you people have no idea what I have been through
Started hiking at 3:30. Just got to my car. Only rested once. Boy have I got a story to tell
Wish I could just fall asleep without having to lay in bed for hours first
Making drop biscuits tonight was the best decision I've made in a while
My triceps are so worn I can't hold the steering wheel correctly. Goodbye cruel world. Goodbye @heykinley
I feel like Jessie Spano when she was addicted to caffeine pills
I want to dance with someone right now
If you se me right now, you'd assume I was high on cocaine. Don't know why I'm so pumped
They need to get rid of a few treadmills at Planet so people have somewhere to lay their mats down.
It just sounds so trashy
I cringe when people use the word "retarded". It does not mean stupid okay <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
LETS HEAR IT FOR THE BOOOOY LETS GIVE THE BOY A HAAAAAAND
So excited to go hiking in such awesome weather tomorrow!! Get to work out my new shoes on sum rockz
I wake from a dream to find my heart pounding, my hair tousled. 
Step out in front of the bed and see filthy shoes.
Sigur Rós <TWO HEARTS>
IT FOLLOWS
You do NOT stop when the light turns yellow and there are 100 cars behind you. Thanks for making me wait another hour.
And I swear there's a ghost on this island
@OoTay11 HAHAHAHAHA
Night classes blow.
Yoga is starting to work YES 
I'm not selling a 60 dollar game for 20. You people are INSANE.
How did they find out my name?
When a random person from your gym whom you've never actually spoken to finds you on FB <NEUTRAL FACE>
It takes me three hours of laying in total darkness to fall asleep. How do people do it in 20 minutes?
Just wanna lay down, order take out, and watch movies ALL DAY
@libbyfalcon thanks :') &lt;3
@libbyfalcon I woke up with it. Yawned and it felt like both ear drums just tore. I'm dying
Ear infection in both ears? K
Had so much fun with Karleigh. Can't wait to go hiking with her
Feeling PUMPED
Yay Karleigh is gonna work out with me!
Why do they even play Get Low on the radio if they have to censor all the good parts?
Baah I'm just going to make my own turkey beef tacos since I'm eating healthy now and shit
@ashbayy you literally took the words out of my mouth
I want Taco Bell but I also want Picadilly
@Creeesta123 seriously though. Now, destiel fan fic videos I can understand
Don't get mad at someone for simply reacting to the actions YOU committed in the first place.
Ideal beauty
The only reality TV I watch is Cops. Meth heads crying for their mother is much more entertaining than screaming, trashy old women.
I've given up on french. After next month, I will finally be free forever.
I can watch Jurassic Park over and over again and still be excited
Stop sweating the little things. They literally won't matter in the long run. At all.
I love Horn Of Plenty so much. The lady drops free protein bars in my purse as I'm walking down the isles.
I have an exam tomorrow but all I can think about is chicken tenders
My next mission: using the restroom at Walmart <FEARFUL FACE><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><CONFOUNDED FACE>
Need to take a break today
Having great dreams then waking up and realizing life is still shitty <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Just downed half a carton of orange juice. The thirst is getting scary
Does anyone else dance around their room singing and pretend to be famous?
Nine Inch Nails
I GET TO GO TO THE BEACH NEXT WEEK
Rick Grimes 4 prez

I'm just going to wear sweat pants to my wedding and spend dress money on more food and a chocolate fountain
Tears and pain but I feel celestial
I always scratch my nose with my thumb and it looks like I'm wiping cocaine off <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Really wish Shane were still around so he and Rick could be bad asses together
Real picky bout my chocolate chip cookies. I paid 2.50 for this piece of shit <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><COOKIE><THUMBS DOWN SIGN>
@londonword but daddy
No one would be my partner in French so I had to work with the teacher oh my god I hate all of my classmates
I wake up in this position every morning drenched in sweat 
*smells Pizza Hut 
*cant go look for it bc french class
*cries
I would love to be driving anywhere but French class
Some of these re tweeted pictures that come with cute/sad stories are such made up bullshit <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> totally saw that pic on reddit first
When I don't know what to text back, I send random funny Sesame Street pictures in hopes that it'll keep the convo going
This windows 8 update couldnt have come at a worse time. #ineedtodofrenchhomework
Singing makes all my troubles disappear
Solitaire. Something you consider rare. I don't wanna be compared to that cheap shimmer and glitter.
@OoTay11 YOU ARE IN DISNEY WORLD HUSH
Is anyone sincere anymore
@heykinley lol I have friends that I meet up with and I tweet whenever I'm omw so they know if I'm going
Gym
Most comfortable things ever 
@Creeesta123 how was Ralph last night
I just missed an entire green light because I was looking at the grass on the side of the road.
We really do live on a beautiful planet
I love going places alone
@TroyMatchew so....you like birds? <SMIRKING FACE>
So does that mean I walk like an ostrich?
Some lady at the Chanel counter stopped me to say that I walk as if I naturally have high heels on?
What I've gathered from Insurgent: Caleb is the most useless character I've ever known. And Miles Teller is perfect.
When your ex thinks you're still heartbroken yet meanwhile, you're cringing at the thought of ever having dated them
@LacieLovegood it's okay bby
When my friends sleep at my house, they sleep in my mom's bed because truthfully, they all use me for my mom. I actually have no friends.
Who buys sugar free chocolate pudding?! MY DAD THATS WHO. #sinful
Looking at all my summer dresses in my closet and smiling devilishly because I can now wear them
I LOVE mailing packages. Sometimes I sell shit on eBay just so I can buy packages.
I know Walmart has always been downhill but it's gone even more downhill lately
I totally forgot that I saw Kendrick Lamar live and almost front row.
I believe that the words that he told you are not your grave
@heykinley you're above best friend LOL
Woman grabs paper towels before me: "IM SO SORRY" 
It's quite all right <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@ashbayy i can't go more than 24 hours without it!
Gym time
@jhamilton_TDR is a bitch
My mom is my best friend
Laying in bed taking selfies, because people take too long to get ready <PISTOL><PISTOL><PISTOL><PISTOL> 
@Creeesta123 you should come over
I put too much banana in my smoothie <PENSIVE FACE>
Hahaha I'm in the tub listening to her talk to my mom and I can just feel my mom cringing LOL
FUCK ITS MY MOMS OLD PSYCHO FRIEND
I hate entertaining guests when all I wanna do is eat
Some woman just came to my house and my parents are so excited and I'm in the tub and I don't know who it is but I can hear them laughing

Me: 
<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
Bath tiiiiiiiime
I fucking love sci fi
@dylahn they're prob still waiting outside for you
Gonna try to do a 60 minute workout with out throwing up my hot pocket <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
@dylahn just passed some girls outside the gym as they were saying "Dylan Berthelot? Yeah he's the cute one" then they all giggled LOL
Success
Found Interstellar online in HD. Can't wait to show it to my mom :D
I also want to go to grand isle and blast 80's greatest hits all the way there
I wanna go swimming then go inside, eat pizza and watch Donnie Darko
Forget undershirts. Let ya breasts breathe.
Frankly, your opinion means nothing to me
He said to be cool but I'm already coolest
Going shop at Tanger so I can forget about French class
When people don't take others with clinical depression seriously because they've never dealt with it themselves. <POUTING FACE>
The games have always been on PS. This is blasphemy
The new Tomb Raider game is only on Xbox? Are you KIDDING ME?!
I love when people smile.
I think he has the entire thing memorized. That's impressive.
The crazy bible man always preaches on the days that we have campus tours.
I want to make this weekend good
I can't wait to watch my french book slowly burn after this semester. I want it to suffer like it made me suffer for 4 semesters.
Hahahahahahaha 
I've never had such chapped lips <CONFOUNDED FACE>
Fuck teachers who MAKE students read out loud in class even if they are scared to death
I want to be walking along the beach in a bikini with a drink in my hand. And then I want to go back to my hotel and eat steak.
I want to be on the beach. Right now.
Stuffed crust, ice cream, jeep rides AAAAAAAAAND then a night class #killmenow
@alex_templet my eyes gotta look at SOMETHING!
Everything eventually comes to an end, that's what is scary
I ride, you ride, bang
It takes a lot for me to be shy around someone
I love oatmeal
Sometimes I forget I'm in the tub and 2 hours go by oops
LOL at girls who stand in front of their boyfriend while he works out so no other girls looks at them
Short haired guys &gt; long haired guys
My dog smells like placenta dear god
Poboy time
Pretty sure there's a drug deal going down in the library. I know one when I see it
What part of PEDESTRIAN CROSSWALK don't you people understand?
The amount of food I used to store in Bertucci's fridge in the back room was unbelievable.
Yep 
Downward dog pose will be the end of me
Mmm :)
@watthehelhannah @falonator and @LacieLovegood are my fav tweeters
I need to get some nike tank tops this week
Worked my legs out a little too much today
Gymmmm
Just ate a king size Reese's cup pack and now I'm ready to die.
@falonator <OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN>
Fell asleep at 8 and just woke up. Jesus what am I doing with my life
@Creeesta123 my friend wants to be the DJ
Hey guy in front of me, can you go faster? Tryin to get a poboy before they close. Thanks.
Oversized t shirts are unflattering
Does anyone know who is doing the STA prom? I need an email of someone who is in charge
So nice outside but gotta keep a jacket on hand for those classrooms that stay below 60 degrees <NEUTRAL FACE><PISTOL>

Just took me an hour to warm up my voice. #outofpractice
Something you consider rare
I don't wanna be compared
With that cheap shimmer and glitter
I love The Terminator Series
The only downfall of it being warm is now I have to shave my legs
What part of Kylie Jenner is actually real
Gymmmmm
Bath time for Rusty <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
My face looked like a puffer fish when I woke up
I hate being allergic to Gain because I never know if people, whose house I sleep at, use it
Be classy, not trashy <OK HAND SIGN>
I try to make EVERYONE feel like they are important and awesome. Why try to hurt people?
Why can't people just be NICE with <RAINBOW><RAINBOW><RAINBOW><RAINBOW> and <RABBIT FACE><RABBIT FACE><RABBIT FACE>
I HATE people who make you look bad in front of others. What the fuck are you trying to prove other than that you feel inferior
Fucking hate cheaters
Man fuck everyone who has ever fucked me over
We someone picked up a male stripper on our way to the bar
Child slavery 
I'd rather be at the gym than Nola right now tbh
I am going to be obliterated by hand grenades tonight.
"I've never been to a female strip club. Well, except when I had to pick up my sister from work"
No expectations, no disappointment
In love with Marina's new album
Two chocolate truffles (obv injected with poison) showed up on my patio table outside. Where the hell did they come from
Better than all of it
Can't believe I went the entire day on one hour of sleep.
Bby Chloe :) 
So nice outside but no I've got to keep my snow jacket on because someone spilled red wine all over my shirt
@forlanthegrey subreddit /bertstrips there are THOUSANDS
Last one for today 
A few more then I'm done 
It's becoming an addiction 
Sometimes while scrolling on Instagram I have to ask myself "so drag queen or girl with too much contour and nose definition?"
@heykinley stop working and play with me
I can't handle these. 
Just discovered the best subreddit ever in existence


How am I up
Pulling some crazy shit
I can't believe I'm doing this
It's the voice that I'm reading this in <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
Pulling an all nighter. I can't do this lol
I do not answer phone calls. If you are dying, send two texts in a row so I know it's serious.
I want a pet alligator.
@ethanbabin21 I'm about to just get it tattooed on my arm at this point
#punkassbitchetsy
And they track IP addresses so you can't make another account. also can't use the credit card on someone else's account or it'll get band
The best part is, you can't ask them to open it back up for the sole purpose of being a buyer on the site rather than a seller
Etsy is the WORST god forsaken website I have ever encountered. They will suspend your account in a SECOND if someone merely flags it
You're gonna get fucked over no matter what
Fuck yeah give it to me, this is heaven what I truly want
Foreign Language classes are the devil

“@SexualGif: Where can I find a man that can do this to me <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>” 
Dying Light has one of the best post apocalypse soundtracks.
@ttimberr thank GAWD
Edamame makes the world go round
Dayne is one of the sweetest people I know!
It's the little things that count.
The gym is like school. I see the same people every day
Laid down for an hour nap and it turned into 4 hours <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
I swear to god if I go to the gym later and that guy is working the counter....
@TroyMatchew @ttimberr #lovefrustration
@TroyMatchew @ttimberr so no embracing? :(
@ttimberr @TroyMatchew you wanna "share" a room? <SMIRKING FACE>
@TroyMatchew @ttimberr get a room
The beginning of "UP" literally had no affect on me. Does that mean I'm heartless??
@asapclaudz love that man so much
Guys who send you crotch pics without warning and ACTUALLY think that you will "return the favor" <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Love fucking with assholes on the interstate. This means war.
Too hungry for sleep.
Need sleep.
O.G. Boobie Black
O.G. Boobie Black
O.G. Boobie Black
Saaaanctuary 
Almost hit a possum. Pretty sure we both almost shit our pants.
I'm texting you what's up, not because I care, but because I need to know if you're working at the gym tonight. So I don't go when you do.
Demi Lovato can't open her mouth without mentioning her goddamn eating disorder.
I NEED to go hiking soon.
How could someone take the word of a LIAR over someone who has always been there?
Sometimes a "sorry" isn't enough. It's not that I don't find it sincere, it's just not enough.
Cats want to be loved too you know
Just played Silent Hill for 3 hours straight. Can't stop hyperventilating in the tub
I want to make one of those dream boards where you cut and paste pictures of what you want most
Ponyboy Curtis is the most annoying character I've ever known.
And it's gonna be a long Taco Bell order too
Been a long day
@ttimberr total IMAX experience
White beans and rice
Ps4
Gym
Taco Bell
Ps4
This guy is spoon feeding his girlfriend. And I've got a front row seat.
Huge hole in leggings. Thank god my underwear is black.
People running in front of cars like a damn cat
No one should have to endure such pain
Taking four classes of French has made me loathe college
I guess Back To the Future was right about 2015. Saw a guy in Marty's red vest at an 80's arcade and Biff just now in a shitty car
It was only 10:30 5 minutes ago <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Rick Grimes is looking mighty fine
I'm the person who will beat on the door 5 minutes before closing and scream "YOURE STILL FKIN OPEN LET ME IN"
Leave me alone I just want to play video games and eat Swiss cheese <UNAMUSED FACE>
National Women's Day? Are you fucking kidding me?
Don't question my capabilities
Too many distractions
@alex_templet why would you take it out <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
One of the best sights 
Just woke up <FEARFUL FACE>
Sleep deprivation can be fun
I always find myself driving home at 4am
I respect guys who are upfront but pressuring me into hanging out with you is rude and disrespectful. If I'm into you, I'll give you DA EYEZ
I just wanna be in DT Baton Rouge, walking along the train tracks
M83
I need to stop leaving for the gym so late because now smoothie king won't be open once im done :/
Girls: I like boys with class 
Me: I like classes with a curve
Why watch Real Housewives reality tv when you can watch Cops and see meth heads cry for their moms with plastic baggies up their ass

Then they look at me as if I just ate a dead bird or something
I observe others in public so much sometimes i find myself smiling or laughing hysterically as if I were part of their conversation
Boobs

@LacieLovegood my face right meow 
@LacieLovegood girl I just say inappropriate things and hope people don't unfollow me. That's how I live my life
How do girls get their hair to look so good in a ponytail at the gym? I just bundle mine up and hope for the best.
I always take the route to my house that requires the least amount of actually looking at the road.
Not sharing my weed tho
My cats will have their own party room in my house. Along with divine tuna cuisine.
Fight club soundtrack on point tonight. Too bad my abs aren't.
I always fight for the wrong people. The undeserving.
Gonna go work off that quesadilla in a little bit <FLEXED BICEPS>
Getting my PS4 tonight <GRIMACING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD>
I need Kinley. So we can lay in bed on our phones while petting our cats and eating mashed potatoes.
@lilbbasedboy this is the best fan girling I've ever seen

@frenchhornfick I didn't even catch that spelling error oh wow.
Don't know why I skipped coffee this morning. Bad idea.
When I listen to Knee Socks by AM, I always hear @raeganramone singing in falsetto
Instead of break checking people, there should be an intercom voice that says "back the fuck up"
Where is my mind?
@falonator they're very self assured
And that's actually pretty depressing
It's the best thing that has ever happened to me.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is basically my brain in the form of a tv show.
St. Elmo's Fire is like, the worst 80's Brat Pack movie.
Wanna know what comes in between me and my Calvins? Nothing.
@lilbbasedboy but the new Kingdom Hearts game hasn't come out yet sweetheart
Weird Science.
I wanna forget you exist. Not because it hurts. Because you're a fucking asshole.
@lilbbasedboy no need to hurt yourself. It'll kill you itself
Why are people so loud in a LIBRARY <CONFOUNDED FACE>
"it hits you like a thousand knives stabbing you all over your body. You can't breathe. You can't think." Jack was talking about LSU campus
I am literally moaning while walking to class bc it's the only way to cope with the ice shards stabbing my body. How embarrassing
Wet hair in this weather. I can feel the icicles forming. 
So much for mailing my shit <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
I get the fuck out of there.
Guy blasts mediocre rap music. Pulls out, waits, pulls back in next to me. Sits in his car. I sit there to see how long he waits. 10min latr
Guy gets back in car next to me at post office. Honks at me until I roll my window down. "Are you going in?" I roll window up.
I hate when I wake up drenched in sweat.
Why did I have to have a nightmare the morning I get to sleep in?
“@heykinley: Just opened @chloe_elise__'s snapchats (179 seconds of selfies) <WAVING HAND SIGN>” just tryin to give you sumthin to dream bout bby
Sold my PS3 and haven't gotten my ps4 yet. This is not good for my health.
@t0nymoore you should get nervous you little cutie patootie! Your rectum is next!
You're always taking the risk of being raped when standing in line for redbox outside CVS
I just want someone who listens when I speak, appreciates what i do for them, and has a great perverted sense of humor
And it's going to catch up with all of you
You can only be a shitty person for so long until it catches up to you
So I've learned that when they say the gym is crowded at a certain time, they mean everyone and their mother is on the treadmills
Why are people so quick to judge?
@Creeesta123 I would reply with a Rusty pic but his face fell off finally
@Creeesta123 dear god
Gonna go to the gym for like 6 hours and forget about life
Current mood 
Don't let your heart fill up with hatred. It makes you ugly.
There is an evil in this world.
These niggz obv don't know how many times I've seen fight club <WAVING HAND SIGN>
@OoTay11 my mom and I call each other bitch/cunt on a daily basis
Don't you hate when the memory of someone ruins a certain sound or smell for you? RIP coconut Chapstick
@chasetifers without the risks of walking in grass and getting stabbed by stickers
I just wanna be at the gym <CONFOUNDED FACE>
I find it extremely rude when groups of people come and sit at your study table and start talking loudly. It's a fkin library <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE>
Driving while trying to find the nose ring that just flew off somewhere in the car takes a special skill.
@falonator amen.
Why would you ever assume it was okay to contact me again?
They mainly sit there on their phones too.
So tired of these fucking families coming to the gym and occupying an entire area for over an hour.
@JohnnyMelancon I will find you and I will kill you
Instead of creating my own world from words on a page, I like to see how others bring their worlds to LIFE. How they choose to express it.
You're passionate about your novels. I'm passionate about my films. Most of my inspiration comes from film characters. Reading = Watching
People make a face when I say I don't read books. It's not that I can't. I just enjoy film more.
Life goal: be Buffy Summers
Why do I find Mark Duplass so attractive
@frenchhornfick I hid from him as I left the library
Reddit is life.
@mishacollins let's all keep calm. Now, what would Castiel do?
Guy approached me in the library and tried to woo me by talking about his California weed and 6 figure future job.
Just made 40 dollars off some games. Sweeeeet
I always make sure to compliment every stranger I talk to in some way.
@JohnnyMelancon <SLEEPY FACE> thank you
My Fight Club soundtrack for the gym can get dangerous.
When you have to leave the gym to drop off your mom then have to drive back
All jokes aside, Leo really should have won an Oscar by now. He should have gotten 10 just for that one scene in The Basketball Diaries
Why can't The Last Of Us go on forever?
These people with SOs talking to catfishers is just pathetic. "I love you boo but imma go see if this girl is real or not brb"
I wanna be in the Upper East Side, wearing a fur coat, drinking wine, and surrounded by beautiful people. #onedaytho
My workout jam 
@OoTay11 Freds has cuter guys!
I HATE Windows 8
@OoTay11 where are you going?
Guy: Hey I'm a nice guy. Let's go out. I'll treat u right. 
Me: oh I'm sorry I'm not interested. Thanks though. 
Guy: you ugly bitch slut!
I wanna go out tonight :(
Fear and loathing
con of college: you can skip class
The film adaption of The Beach is just too perfect.
Too many stories on the Internet about people abusing kittens. I will find you and I will destroy you.
Survival of the fittest
White and gold.
And I don't want the world to see me
Really sad when someone feels SO inferior to you, they have to put you down relentlessly in front of people.
Was worried when I heard Khaleesi threw up. Turns out she just had an ENTIRE rat in her throat. Thank god
Don't you mind?
Don't complain about not having money if you spend what you have on drugs. That's how you ruin relationships.
@TroyMatchew the trailers don't do it justice in any way
@TroyMatchew GREAT MOVIE OK
I'm walking around the library desperately trying to find a computer to study on and these niggas playing bejeweled on half of them
@heykinley yours must be to the floor then
I don't want to live on this planet
Bc everyone knows that vaginas are connected to our pelvis.
So someone just claimed that the wider your thigh gap is, the looser your vagina is. LOL
I gotta sit by them so there's so escaping this one
Oh no I spoke to one of the ramblers
Hey Lolita hey
Gyyyyym
If Joan Rivers had said it, nothing would come of it. So get over it.
Zendaya overreacted. It's Fashion Police. They make jokes. Get over it.
Get all the way to the library and then I get nauseous. I'm still getting that po boy doe.
Hey yo ameeego I know you think I'm loco. So slow, I don't grow. Take me back to Mexico
Should be a sin to have an exam the day after the Oscars.
I just really really want to go smoke with Matthew McConaughey at an Oscar party.
Just saying, Miles Teller should have been nominated. Outstanding method acting. The dedication he brought to the drums.
My dad though Kiera Knightly was Emma Watson this whole time and kept calling her "lil hermione"
Poor Nightcrawler
I get goosebumps every time I hear Interstellar's score
All the singers are super flat tonight
JK Simmons didn't give any thanks to Miles Teller during his speech and you could see the sadness on Miles' face
Everyone at the Oscars needs to stop trying to be funny and just look pretty okay. That's your only job.
I'm just sayin, Interstellar better win best film score.
Wow that was really fucking awkward LOL. Dakota Johnson could give the interviewer SOMETHING
You've got your movie people and you've got your music people. Both VERY passionate
Edward Norton Edward Norton Edward Norton

Dad: "Anyone that creates a platypus has a sense of humor"
Pretty sure I'd be more aroused than scared if Gordon Ramsey yelled at me #hotdamn
In this world, anything goes
Oscar countdown
People on Instagram who photoshop their pictures before they post them always make their teeth 3 shades too white <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Managed to go all day without sugar. Then someone literally threw a bag of hot tamales at me
@libbyfalcon story of my life. Fuck em.
#venting
Gonna put on pjs, make a big sandwich, and watch Supernatural.
Then you're stuck talking to them while walking to your next class. Am I just a bitch or....??
Or the ones that wait for you to pack up and walk out the door while pretending to check their phone or something.
I'm always extremely afraid of being kind and saying hello to someone bc I always get the ones who don't stop once they start talking
Those people who sit in their desk, looking around just WAITING for someone to give them a reason to start talking. And then never stop.
Night class. Help. Send food.
Nothing fits me better than my favorite sweater.
I know I've got a big ego, I really don't know why it's such a big deal though <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
Trash
Pop the glock pop the glock
@Joshuaforlan you taste like hummus
I have never been nervous around someone as much as I am around you. Is that a good thing?
I started watching Supernatural when I was 14. Wow.
@asapclaudz a guy asked me for my number but his breath smelled like a dead bird so I said no. Glad you had a better experience
Woke up with a doubloon stuck to my boob. Went too hard, I guess
Grateful for the people I have in my life now though
Weirdest fucking night of my life
@frenchhornfick we will have to play
Bae gonna be mine
I see bae
Ain't got a care in the world but got plenty of beer
@londonword love him
I wanna go out tonight and wear red lipstick
It's supposed to rain all through Mardi Gras sooooo.....
You didn't deserve me. At any point. And I think everyone else saw that but me.
Don't run across the pedestrian cross walk. It's not necessary and you look like a duck.
Kesha's voice without auto tune is so beautiful
CocoRosie: Promises
@frenchhornfick LOL most doctors say not to take them while engaging in something. Especially driving
@frenchhornfick gives me restless legs! Why on earth did you take it before an audition
@alex_templet nah
I feel as though it would be great to sit back, listen to some good music and tell perverted jokes with @patrickwilson73
Life is good dodado
@frenchhornfick I hate Xanax. It's too rough. Kpins are just very relaxing!
@frenchhornfick it's an anti-anxiety thing. I only take them when I need to but many people use them to get a high
@frenchhornfick yes
What a great fucking day! And it's not just because I took a klonopin
I remember watching one of those drug tapes in PE in middle school where a girl got ADDICTED to weed and lost all her friends.
@jhamilton_TDR @JohnnyMelancon you gotta learn how to talk first Jim
I am so fucking tired of Beyoncé ooooh my gooood.
But I mean Beck's album is really great
You know, girls can be just as oblivious as guys. Help us out a little <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
I'm dying
One of them doesn't even have a weight on her machine. She's pulling air and almost hitting herself because it's pulling so fast
Their mom is dropping them off
High schoolers have invaded the gym. Talking about getting turnt at Reggie's <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
We get so silly when we start to like someone
I love Grand Wall but Jesus the people
Hate having to wait on people
Quesadillas are life
Khaleesi got stuck on the roof and I got her to jump in a blanket
I hate killing bugs. I just imagine their little voices saying "why Chloe why"
Are you kidding me
People gettin graphic on Instagram
Falling for someone is so scary <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
I love Kinley and miss her on a regular basis
But I do have clothes on.
I seem to be the only one drenched in sweat in this place and I barely have any clothes on.
Me- The 1975
When people vandalize historical objects/sculptures. What the fuck
If I Stay was just a bad movie that's all I can say
@heykinley I think you make that face better than Kanye does actually
Some guy brought bagpipes to the party last night.
Just getting home and all I wanna do is take a bath
Such a great fuvking night
@alex_templet you are THE most pessimistic person ever
Still can't believe Kinley met Miles Teller while I was on vacation. Cruelest thing The Lord ever did do.
Have the Whiplash soundtrack on repeat
You've got to be a bitch sometimes.
This is Hwy 22 people. The speed limit does not exist. Go faster.
It was in French so I really didn't know what the fuck I was saying anyway. It probably says "freedom is good. I think freedom is good yes"
I just realized I wrote a paragraph saying that freedom of expression is good but forget to include WHY. Which was the point of the para.
@libbyfalcon I went to reply to your reply but it'GONE LOL
I HATE songs that fade out at the end
Going to tiger land tonight oh man
And I'm being completely serious about the killing part.
I don't think I've ever wanted to kill someone as much as I do right now listening to this girl smack her gum next to me.
@CodyMcmanus1 I feel pressured to say happy birthday
Gonna try one more time to get my mom to see Birdman in theaters
@deeveeceebee oh I couldn't do that. I had to let the other lil chilren get some. I invested in a lot of kitten posters though.
The happiest day of my life was when my dad gave me 50 dollars for the book fair. Nothing has topped that day.
U r cute <SMIRKING FACE>
 
I don't even wanna sleep at this point bc it know I'll be too tired to get up.
@falonator oh god no
Aced that exam. I love my psyc majors.
Maddie didn't even know who Shia Labeouf was when they met to do the Sia video. I feel so old.
Do you really expect me to talk to you if the first thing you say to me is "aye text me sometime"
The old spongebob episodes were sooooooo much better. So many clever allusions.
My flu shot STILL hurts. I'd rather have the flu.
Rain all day. This means you assholes all better drive safely because I'm not waiting in wreck traffic on the interstate. Nooooooope
It's bagel time. Oh yes oh yes it is.
Getting brows waxed, hair deep conditioned/trimmed, and a massage Thursday. #pleasehurryplease
I don't know what I would do without reddit
@asapclaudz then they aren't good enough for you
Finally getting my BROKEN nose checked out after two weeks. My x rays were sent to them on the first day and they are just getting to it
HOLY SHIT how was Miles Teller not nominated for Whiplash? I knew he was good but Jesus Christ.  What a fucking method actor.
I don't have a deodorant preference. Gel, spray, powered. I love you all the same.
I've been going see midnight movies by myself for the past two months and I fucking love it. Sanctuary
I want to do some karaoke. In front of like, 10,000 people.
Been in love with Miles Teller since Project X
I wanna get a pez dispenser but put Tums in it for the raging nausea I get every day.
I just want to stumble upon someone who leaves an actual impression.
I felt like my server and I bonded enough to where I could bring up my menstrual cycle
I don't see any actual bears at Build A Bear
I will walk an extra 3 minutes just to avoid the kiosks at the mall
Mmmmm 
American Sniper doesn't need 10 time slots every day. Let the other movies have some fucking screen time.
One positive outcome of the measles outbreak is no lines at Disney! Going brb
@watthehelhannah my life. We goin hiking soon k? K
Touched the bridge of my nose and it cracked. Oops
Glad to see so many optimistic people on here. I remember when I was <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
FUCK WHOEVER CAUSED THIS WRECK
I hold my breath when someone walks past my deal just in case they smell awful
Apathy is bliss
Need coffee pronto
Popeyes got me feeling some type of way
Everything is overrated
I miss those Sesame Street bath paints that Walmart used to sell. Elmo red was my fav
People say they have a morbid sense of humor but then tell me I'm an awful person when I make one of my many morbid jokes.
How do people study in public places? I have to be in a soundproof room completely alone.
@heykinley the only reason you're friends with me is because you don't have time to make new ones
@willyboy823 *pointing gesture*
“@InspowerMinds: Friendship isn't about who you have known the longest. It's about who came and never left your side” @heykinley <FACE THROWING A KISS>
I just want people to pay me to wear their designer gowns. Is that too much to ask?
COMMUNITY COFFEE BITCH
Homework to do when I get home. Well this sucks.
Dis girl thinks she owns the gym. Don't roll your eyes at me. I'm listening to my fight club playlist. Don't fuck with me
Smoochy
All the girls on Dance Moms are going to have major psychological issues when they reach adulthood
I would love to go back to STA middle and give that faculty a piece of my mind.
Jay Z looks like Yoshi foreal
Muffin
I have nothing against them, but there are just too many
Instagram is pretty boring when everyone you follow only posts pregnant bellies, desperate single shoutouts, and redundant selfies
Feeling surreal
After eating over 9 candy bars this past weekend, you can bet I'll be busting my ass tonight at the gym. I feel like a slug.
Slowly losing my mind
Sending a big "fuck you" to everyone who has screwed me over
Michael Keaton and Ed Norton better win those oscars.
Holy shit that movie was an experience
Making friends with all the old people in the theater
I think someone shit themselves in this theater
Cannot wait to see Birdman. Fuuuuuck
Thankful that I can honestly say I'm not jealous of anyone
@willyboy823 omg your one night stand
Can someone teach me how to dance?
I have not found one LSU guy that I find attractive yet. Where all y'all be?
@asapclaudz I fucking LOVE that man. His classes are great
The people in my class always wait in the hall for me to open the door bc they are scared of going in first <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> jesus
@asapclaudz who is your prof?
Primal Fear is suuuuuch a great fucking movie. Wow.
I missed the new episode of Its Always Sunny. God damn.
Is anyone there? Buh boop
A little less Daryl and a little more Rick.
Gym time
Not really into T Swift but wow I love Out of the Woods. It's got such an 80's vibe.
Froot lalalalalala
Dennis Reynolds WILL admit to being a sociopath this season.
Gonna go drink tonight and look pretty and forget about errything
@MasturBeats just got out betch. I REFRAINED
You are in COLLEGE. Refrain from talking while the professor is lecturing.
Gotta think big
In Middleton eating sum potata soup. Feel free to join me.
I want to be rich, living in Greece with Edward Norton and have an unlimited supply of new It's Always Sunny episodes.
FUCK now I've got coffee breath
Wine &gt; facing problems
Wine &gt; coffee
CCs &gt; Starbucks
Every time I get involved with an older guy it ends miserably.
It upsets me how many people still don't believe in climate change.
Darling, your boyfriend is a cheating bastard
This whole repressing process is exhausting
I'm constantly trying to find a needle in a haystack when it comes to life.
Just spent 30 minutes searching for my favorite book and out of the 1500 books we have, it's nowhere to be found
You gave up too soon. What a shame..
@MasturBeats @TroyMatchew @colbyguitrau @JohnnyMelancon pillow case &lt;3
Not only is it annoying, it's very insulting. I am worthy of being respected you twat
Remember that one time when someone lied to me about their age for 3 years? I mean come on
I know it's a very cliché subject but really. I don't trust a god damn thing.
How am I supposed to trust anyone when all I've ever been is lied to?
@asapclaudz okay there is NO price when it comes to perfume. But maybe you shouldn't listen to me....
Bass Pro Shop is like Disney World
This guy standing at the check out desk is making sure that I hear that he works on movies so that I think he's super cool
People just assume you're on the same page as them.
'Cause all of the stars have faded away
Just try not to worry, you'll see them some day
It's super unhealthy to be THAT nice
"Certain realities in life, we only see through eyes that are cleansed by our tears." Tru dat Mr. Pope
I'm not usually attracted to pretty guys but god damn Bradley Cooper is handsome
Best part of seeing American Sniper by yourself is being able to get an awesome seat.
Well, she better not be herself when meeting me because I don't like judgmental assholes.
I just got told not to be myself when meeting my friend's friend because they don't like preppy people.
My Facebook keeps recommending me to follow people I simply despise
All social networks do is remind me of how unsatisfied i am with my life.
Sushi Masa tonight <FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD>
Get over yourself.
@frenchhornfick I love Grocholski so much
I will never, ever let myself feel inferior to another woman.
Eating Mexican Popsicles with Trinity. My stomach is gonna hate me.
Discussing Skins with UK friends is just so much fun
@tristyn17 COOL I JUST BROKE MINE 15 MINUTES AGO
I hit the wall so hard I chipped the paint off
I broke my nose by running into a fucking wall
We're stuck in this class. The least we could do is make it interesting. Gives the professor a reason for being there, too.
I respect people who volunteer to answer the professors questions in class even if it's totally wrong
Starbucks is overrated
Props to dad for bringing me my book sack at school<GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Sleep deprivation is mean.
The Oscars nominations are awful this year.
No school on Thursdays <RELIEVED FACE>
@hypokondriasis @JohnnyMelancon exactly
It is pronounced "cuh-tahn" not "cuh-tan". Jesus people
French class? Not so much.
I'd have no problem waking up early if I were waking up in Italy with a loaf of fresh homemade bread and cheese and the ocean outside
Don't fuck with my love
The air bubble in my screen looks like a penis
There's a certain type of traffic for every time of the day.
@brydenise HOLLA
So who else dislikes King Cake?
You are so confusing.
Hungry Howies does not deliver to my house <NEUTRAL FACE>
Don't ever assume that you know what goes on between two people
I wake up every morning thinking of you.
Dennis Reynolds really is my spirit animal. And I don't think that's a good thing.
Cause another day without you is another lifeless one
@watthehelhannah I want to be Naomi because she's perfect
My brothel pictures came out well
I've literally been in the tub for over an hour trying to slowly fill up with hot water bc my dad used it all
If you want something, you fucking go for it. And don't stop until you've got nothing left.
What to do in BR at midnight
You're cute but you're an asshole. So the cuteness means nothing.
I miss you :(
16, in my opinion, is a REALLY young age to start driving. 16 year olds are scary.
Today you were far away and I didn't ask you why. What could I say? I was far away.
@t0nymoore I've seen it so many times it's just shjvdbjjfdxbjgdsx. That's the only way I can describe it
I just wanna watch Interstellar over and over again
It's like sex but it's not
Getting people to go to the gym is tedious work. Don't you wanna feel the BURN
Yeah I'm gonna go get a massage like right now
@asapclaudz it's my biggest fear
I'm pretty sure I've repressed all of high school because I don't remember it. At all. Except choir.
@TroyMatchew stop playin
I really shouldn't have done my cardio outside tonight.
@jhamilton_TDR @TroyMatchew @JohnnyMelancon you kidz have fun and die
@jhamilton_TDR can't see a movie with me because @TroyMatchew and @JohnnyMelancon are more important blehh
@dedicated_RAY just spit in their drink
I do everything but look at the road when I'm driving
What I wouldn't give to be blasting Gates in your car right now
I think we're going to Mexico together
He burned my pizza because he was too busy trying to hit on me
"See you in a few days"- Villa Pizza manager. It's getting serious.
Since when is school next week
Man errbody bein bitter this week
Oh my god I just knocked my nose ring out and the PAIN the BLOOD JESUS
Who else is gonna put up with me this way?
Riding around blasting some Lana and I feel content
Nail pops halfway off Trinity's finger after getting them done and this bitch is trying to say its TRINITYS fault <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Taking a week long trip to Mexico because I feel like it
"I hate people"
"I don't even save numbers anymore"
"I cut people off with no hesitation" 
Girl looking at adoptive cats: "man cats are huge. I didn't even realize that."
<NEUTRAL FACE>
Sat in a Church's chicken parking lot throwing chicken to holocaust cats and a big fat one came by and took it all
Never stop fighting
@GlennHowerton Aaron Johnston?!
It's so easy not to lie. Don't let fear take over.
Why do people lie my god
I have to take Tums almost every night because of how much junk I eat
Warrior is SUCH a fucking fantastic movie. Everything about it. Not just Tom Hardy and Joel Edgerton's bodies
Today you were far away and I didn't ask you why
Wiiiiild Horses
@laneyalexa you could totally pass as 22!
@laneyalexa you do look older than me LOL
Matt Healy mmph
Lady I'm just sampling wine at Olive Garden. No need to stare at my id for an hour.
It's Ridley Scott's take on the story. Plus they had to fit it into 2 hours. He's amazing with his movies. Gtf critics
The only reason Exodus: Gods and Kings got bad reviews was because it didn't completely follow the actual Exodus. ITS A MOVIE
Don't let your imagination run wild
@montannabruh <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
I love having British guys that I can text when everyone else is asleep since it's day there
Love surprises me every day
Well he comes and he goes, so capricious
I was late but I arrived
Don't you mind don't you mind
@asapclaudz YAS
STA choir needs to play nice
Avoid contact with everyone
I am too high to be at the movies right now jesus
The 1975 are so good <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
The man is amazing
I want to become a director just so I can put Christian Bale in all of my movies.
I'm mainly going to the movies later for the funnel cake fries
My time hops are the fucking worst      <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><PISTOL>
The universe confuses the hell out of me
So many Reese's commercials. So many a day.
I'm not ashamed of how many times I've seen Interstellar.
I had too many fries and now I can't breathe.
Is there a school supplies porn Instagram? That really should be a thing.
@Creeesta123 I know <PISTOL>
Do not go gentle into that good night. RAGE.
I don't want to take the easy way out
I've been playing The Last of Us for about 5 hours and I'm totally okay with that. Killing the infected is what I do boo
@londonword the true meaning of feminism was lost a loooooong time ago
Instead of wasting your time trying to hurt my feelings, why don't you work on not being an unfortunate human being?
And you know, it's okay to be a bitch sometimes. Shit happens.
No matter how nice you try to be to people, someone is ALWAYS going to think you're a bitch. Just because they can.
@ChandlerDufour those ants sure weren't
My cat just pissed on top an ant pile
I feel like I've been sleeping forever. What year is it?
High dreams are the fucking best. I made myself sleep an extra 3 hours just to finish the story.
It's Back To the Future year. Where's the hover boards
It amazes me how much people take for granted.
I had no idea that Toyota had a cafe in it.
Gotta hit that gym
@blxyke <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
2015 is going to be the same as every other year. Just try not to fuck TOO much up this time, okay?
Oh my god. You are such an asshole <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@chrismbourgeois I thought it was visually stunning. And the perfect amount of dark.
@watthehelhannah it's a trap
It's so hard for me to act on crushes. I like being around you but then I like being alone with wine more.
A little less reality and a little more Bojack
Another year, another chance to fuck even more shit up.
These abused animal commercials have made me so apathetic. I don't even care anymore.
I just want to go hiking but everyone is lazy
@natuhleecarooso <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY> dear god
But never again will I mix wine and Waffle House
Great night. Got to see some people I really missed.
But he ma nigga
Daniel Bourgeois is a cunt
Wanna know what comes in between me and my Calvins? Nothing.
I could try and make friends with better people but I'm quite content with board games, candy, cats, and myself.
But real shit though. People are lousy.
You cannot rely on anyone but yourself...and sometimes your mom.
Fuck you Walmart restroom. I'm officially done living in this world. <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Palo Alto
I cannot remember the last time I ate non fast food.
For so long I believed the world to be on my side. LOL
@heykinley it's the sad truth bby
@jhamilton_TDR <HOCHO>
@jhamilton_TDR follow me bitch
Boy: hey
Me: hey
Boy: *she wants me*
I had twitter for 5 years and no one used it. Come back a year later and errbody here. Huh...
How can I relate to somebody who doesn't speak? I feel like I'm just treading water.
And you could have it all, my empire of dirt
Bought 24 nose rings. Too bad I only have one nose.
@watthehelhannah better to be scared than to be reckless
The villa pizza guy at the mall knows me way too well
Food court pizza <BOMB>
@blxyke <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I really made another account so @heykinley would talk to me more.
one
Judging by the tweets from my STA people, someone's having a very bad day
And then take me to get Mexican food or Greek idc I love both
Someone take me to the movies plz
I need to get away and listen to good music at night.
I cannot stress to you how much I do not care.
@heykinley I HAD ALL THE INGREDIENTS THIS TIME
Made it from scratch :) 
So many thick hair probz occurring right now
The body is SUCH a beautiful thing. You should feed it well and right.
Dad broke the blender and won't fess up to it
About to make some healthy chocolate mousse
Woke up to Karleigh beating on my window <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
I am NOT a plan b.
So glad Karleigh is my workout buddy.
So many things in life to appreciate.
Gym busy tonight
It's so hard to find intelligence these days LOL *cries*
I got frozen yogurt btw
Why do people like Starbucks so much
