I'd listened to it a few years ago and thought it pure noise. I was hearing it but I wasn't listening. I listened this morning.
listened to My Bloody Valentine's "Loveless" this morning, actually purchased it, &amp; it was only my second time having heard it. it clicked.
things are wavering
the past two months of my life have been harrowing &amp; scary. I wonder if I have touched down again. I wonder if I'm moving back toward light.
I want some gentleness back.
no one is awake. i cannot listen to music.
i need a human connection right now
there are no birds singing. one sang around 5:00 am. my left ear is ringing &amp; i am wondering what this morning means for future.
i watched Gaspar Noé's "Into The Void" and now i sit on my bed, the grey light of morning
i awoke at 3:00 this morning and could not return to sleep, so i masturbated, then ingested some marijuana and two Rochefort 10s
i don't even know what we are doing here as a species what are we fucking doing here what's going on
a girl just told me that she texts me while she's fucking other dudes because they aren't as good as me and like
sorry 
did pull-ups and pushups until my arms failed and now i am drinking two beers at once and i haven't eaten all day and probably not going to
it's nothing personal, you're an embarrassment
come listen to the first CIrca album with and fuck me
me: "uh, no thanks."
DO SOMETHING YOU FUCKING BABY FIGHT BACK DO SOMETHING STOP WHINING AND FUCKING ACT STOP THINKING ACT DO SOMETHING
reading my tweets makes me want to punch my own fucking teeth out
my life means nothing, i am trash, just like the shit lining the streets outside, just matter that's somehow realized it exists (or not)
and then in that moment, i will regret my whole life, i will feel acutely the pain of having been a fucking cowardly idiot who couldn't rise
my entire life will be wishing it all away until the moment i realize that death is imminent, if i am fortunate enough to have such a moment
but that feeling won't come, and i will wind up doing the same thing, and i will regret having wasted the day alone
i will sit around my house all day, like i did today, waiting for a bit of release, so that i may temporarily care enough to do something
which will be a lot of beer, and then tomorrow, after not having slept well, i will arise blearily, head in a fog, and make coffee
anyway, i am pathetic and ruined my mother's birthday dinner by backing out of it and now i'm going to go buy beer and drink until i'm okay
i hate not being unique, i hate being human. i've only ever wanted to be one thing, and that's The Exception.
i feel completely insane and unique, but i guess people look at me and think, "yeah, we're all conflicted." that feels awful.
i don't know which of these is me, or which is more me than the other, or if they are both me, or what it means if that were true
part of me wants to fix the world so everyone could be happy, part of me wants a comet to hit and wipe everyone out
i'm simultaneously one of the lovingest &amp; cruelest human beings i know &amp; those two aspects of me are what are continuously in conflict
i don't understand this. maybe it's masochism. maybe it's that they validate my doubts &amp; sadness. maybe it's bc it allows me to say: "See?"
yet, for whatever reason, i'm drawn to people who look at me &amp; see exactly what i see: a pathetic, cowardly, uninteresting, selfish asshole
the people i get along with are the ones that are impressed by me, who refute my self-loathing &amp; posit instead that i am very good
every white man who fancies himself a genius &amp; special, even if only fleetingly, or deeply-down, feels this way: they want to be fascinating
sometimes i do care about people's feelings and i resent them for it, it makes me angry that i am being drawn into the human drama again
this is why i am a piece of shit, and why i hate myself. i am incapable of caring about people in any committed, continual manner.
honestly, i just want everyone to care about always and chase me, while i care about them in the sporadic manner that i actually do
please God banish loneliness from my soul, please, just let me be okay with being alone
sometimes i see others feeling this way, and it makes me wish to make it stop for them (which i suppose is empathy) but i don't know how
my entire existence is literally a continuous conflict, there is not one second of peace or tranquility it's all pain and worthless longing
the permeation of pain throughout my entire reality renders me incapable of concern for others, it's impossible for me to care
what i deserve is derision, insult, abuse, scorn, injrury and hatred
i deserve not kindness, nor love, nor affection, nor understanding, nor sympathy, nor compassion, nor friendship, nor support
i am a pathetically narcissistic, vain, shallow, pretentious, ugly, arrogant, ignorant, stupid, lazy, apathetic, nihilistic asshole
also, i still perversely care what others think of me, which i wish with everything in me that i could rid myself of
the only thing that i care about at the moment is pressing away anyone and everyone who cares about me, because their affection is painful
i am addicted to the emotional outlet of tweeting and i would like to be rid of the constant suffering that i experience while conscious
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Elliott Smith (32), Bob Dylan (31) &amp; The Mountain Goats (21) 
@tristanreveur <SPARKLES><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>🏼<SPARKLES>
@tristanreveur hex appeal
@veryspooky_ silence allows plausible deniability always keep your mouth shut when in doubt
@nintendocashbox tell them to get a job Liz
people say "actions speak louder than words" as though speaking weren't an action.
@sadhugs you love when I talk to you about music, David<TONGUE>
it won't let go 
figuring out what to do with my life would be a lot easier if i weren't in a continual near-constant struggle to merely choose to stay alive
it's 1 pm, the sun is shining, i am home and have no idea what to do with myself
ON BRAND YOU SHAKY-HANDED MOTHERFUCKER
it's 76 degrees today in the City of Brotherly love oh boy how in brand for this place, huh?
good morning Eliana you're beautiful (autocorrect transformed the first pass to "you're brushfire" btw)
nail update 
fuck this coffee is massively caffeinated and my hands are shaking now i have to go drive to UPenn and get my face looked at for pimples
Emily appreciation tweet: Emily (are kelly escher) is good &amp; great &amp; an Artist she's under-appreciated on the web &amp; in the real realm Amen
something's snapped in me. enough is enough. today i fight back.
anyway, i am still alive &amp; trying, despite all of my debasement &amp; self-destructive urges. i keep trying somehow &amp; that has to count.
for me, that is. i don't like it &amp; i wish i could always be strong enough to deny that sexual urge to view something fleshy &amp; primal.
i've watched porn maybe ten times over the course of 2015 &amp; it always makes me sick, sad, &amp; ashamed afterward. for many reasons. it's bad.
for instance, i wish i hadn't disclosed the porn bit, but i woke up wanting to die so, doing something revolting felt like a rebellion.
other skills include: propensity to be uncomfortably honest / vulnerable, hugging, liking good music &amp; films, playing easy songs on guitar.
this is untrue i am skilled at being somewhat cute &amp; disappointing others. also i can draw okay &amp; cook okay, too. just made some coffee <HOT BEVERAGE>️
self-pity is my only skill
didn't go to work yesterday nor today
woke up despondent so i watched porn &amp; masturbated in bed &amp; now it's ten thousand times worse why the fuck do i anything
Jesus Christ I am crying so hard she's amaaaaaaazing &amp; I want to hug her
if you think women aren't making food in stratosphere &amp; can't cook as well as men well you've already lost
she is deeply beautiful &amp; i am stunned
watching the Netflix Chef's Table on Niki Nakayama &amp; sobbing. she's so strong &amp; amazing. she's a genius.
@st_christophr Chrissy you are a damb angel. trust your heart and what it tells you to say. <BLUE HEART> if it don't work out, it don't work out.
@patron_sailor the mirroring inversion of the pattern is <OK HAND SIGN>🏼. reminds me of a beautiful feather, &amp; the color scheme is prefect.
@st_christophr y're hard on yourself bb boy what did you say that so bad??
waited my entire life to find a sincere, gentle community of smart creative beautiful people
@patron_sailor it's lovely
*thinks about you* 
i don't care anymore
@Are_Kelly sorry, Emily, my swag is scared
i am so unbearably lonely
anyone else think depression feels like bench pressing? no matter how hard you push the shit off you it's always going to fall back down.
@ConorTripler Conor you sweet boy
turns out i am a bad nail painter and also don't ever have a crush on someone bc it makes you feel things
@st_christophr @ineveningair13 after all theses tacos, guacs and beers i'ma have a classic MIDSECTION
@st_christophr @ineveningair13 just playin' I did a selfie in my mirror 
@st_christophr @ineveningair13 called the cops on both of you for this
@hawksley scandalous!!! yes of guac I love guac pictures they make me happy.
@hawksley send pictures to me pls, ily
@hawksley you also made guac, Shea?
made guac hi i'm cute &amp; would make you v happy sporadically but am wildly unstable <BROKEN HEART> 
it taco time 
<SPARKLES>thank the Universe for Conor Tripler &amp; his beautiful lack of tolerance for bullshit <SPARKLES>
when things are bleak &amp; hopeless this all doesn't matter to me &amp; that's scary, but there must be some eternal part to whom it always matters
it feels really good to know that there are genuinely kind, caring, intelligent people in this world who want me to be okay &amp; stick around
it feels good to know that i can flail or be still &amp; a few of y'all love me regardless, even because of the flailing, &amp; damn it's just
i know better than to think that things are all better, they aren't, but sometimes life really does feel okay &amp; some of y'all have helped me
showered &amp; now dressing myself &amp; putting lotions &amp; fragrances on my beautiful, delicate skin &amp; threw on 'Sgt. Pepper's' &amp; i feel okay
@veryspooky_ i will bully you with lovely sweet gestures. i will tell you how cute your bangs are, how much i like your tattoos, how pretty
@veryspooky_ and i'd learn your favorite National song on guitar (prodivided it's no too difficult) and ruin it for you by playing it to you
@veryspooky_ i might consider taking you for a lovely ride in the country and picking fresh wild flowers with you and having a picnic.
@AtlasSmugged i've never listened to them, but i've heard positive things &amp; i love JB's / live 5 min from it, so maybe
took the day off from work bc fuck it who cares &amp; now I'm making some dope coffee &amp; my brother's coming over so we can chill &amp; get pho <STEAMING BOWL>
also took some v sexual selfies, because i am a beautiful monster
recap of last night: got v drunk, watched Royal Tenenbaums nude, smoked weed for first time in a month, cooked steak &amp; made tacos
well
I don't want to do that I needed to watch this film on this night
watching Richie attempt suicide really hurt me fuck
@lil_escher Emily you're beautiful &amp; brilliant &amp; this world belongs to you, fuck it up, destroy the whole thing with your mind
@st_christophr get it
@ConorTripler in all honesty please don't leave this shit website Con Man you are real and i love you
@ConorTripler Conor I love drama so much help
it me 
yeah, i want to die, but i mean. what's your asshole boyfriend or crush do? stuff? lol. what an aaaaaaasshole!
how is it that no one is in love with me? take a quick look at me. look at the beauty i see. look at my art, cooking, &amp; words. my sadness.
eating pear slices
want to be dead &amp; still make better food than your boy ever will <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>🏼 
i hate myself &amp; want to die &amp; i'm still sexier than any man you're fuckin with not even sorry bout it 
@st_christophr 
fuck off i'm too pretty for you 
i dislike you fuck off leave me alone
I though I would be but I am not so this is a lie. I am a fucking lying sociopath and you should unfollow me. I am at the edge &amp; don't care.
i'm crying
maybe we can pick out my suicide method like idiots pick out wedding details
someone please kill me i want out please
please unfollow me, i hate you
@stolenwater "We've need a bigger boat" please make sure it's on my tombstone
don't ever ever ever put yourself out for anyone don't try don't be vulnerable lie manipulate cheat steal do what helps yourself fuck people
i'm just going to stop eating and drink myself to death fuck it i don't fucking care anymore i am tired of trying and tired of people
like maybe i'll just derail my whole fucking life because i'm bored beyond what is tolerable for a human being with my intellect &amp; awareness
keep thinking about cutting my arm open with a knife because i don't have any interest in waking up in the morning
three beers in, going for another, things will get ugly because i am fucking ornery &amp; unhinged at this point fuck everything
WHAT IS THIS... THAT STAAAAAAAAAANDS BEFORE ME?? FIG-URE IN BLACK... WHICH POOOOOIIIIINTSSSSS AT MEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
just put on some Sabbath &amp; the roomies have no idea what's coming lol
@mattytalks thank you, Matty.
@mattytalks Prairie is absolutely dope. their beers are beautiful.
@mattytalks oh that Blue &amp; Black in the bomber? that's one of the few DFH ales I like. pls send taco pictures if it's not too much trouble.
@mattytalks Firestone Walker Easy Jack IPA and Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin, both of which are phenomenal. you eating tacos, pal?
no tacos, no nail polish, no food in my stomach for two days running, no hope, no love, few friends, fewer cares, fuck this shit i have beer
so now i have no tacos &amp; the remnants of nail polish from two weeks ago &amp; i bought black nail polish that i now can't use &amp; i am fucking sad
i bought rubbing alcohol at CVS instead of nail polish remover bc i couldn't find it &amp; was too embarrassed to ask &amp; it won't work
want a beautiful woman to hold me please
guess tacos ain't happening, so it looks like another night of drinking on an empty stomach bc i'm a 29 year old baby &amp; i'm pouting
jk i'm awful to me <SKULL><OK HAND SIGN>🏼
want to know a secret? i'm a great boyfriend... to myself <NAIL POLISH>🏼
tonight, i will do a tacos &amp; beers &amp; maybe make art bc a swell woman told me i'm artist &amp; it made me feel good <SPARKLES><BROKEN HEART><SPARKLES>
TONIGHT! we will explore... whether this bearded, sad, nihilistic wreck of a person is good... or is he bad??? 
am i bad? am i good? these are the True Mysteries of life.
like, "jesus, dude. we get it. you're sad."
sometimes i wonder if everyone who follows me has me muted or if they are just reading my self-obsessed tweets &amp; shaking their heads
*entire body begins shuddering as waves of nausea ripple through me like a dark inverse orgasm &amp; i wretch until my liver flies out my mouth*
*closes eyelids* "i'm not afraid of death &amp; i want to leave the world a better place"
eat a plate of dogshit &amp; get the fuck out of my reality, please, you awful little idiot.
you wield yr glaringly contrived, phony self-confidence as a badge of honor, belittling those suffering in ways you literally can't imagine.
you believe that "working toward something" somehow renders you a superior person, as if existing is not an achievement for some. fuck you.
here's the thing: don't care what you think. y're an obnoxious, narrow-minded human being &amp; you've not spent any time submerged in the void.
*thinks about tweeting* i should tweet
*wants tacos* ya, i'm a beautiful boy
insufferable <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼<OK HAND SIGN>🏼<FIRE>
see how i deleted a tweet &amp; then changed it &amp; reposted it but you probably see two v similar tweets in hot TL showing how pretentious i am?
my brand is insufferablehood &amp; execute it flawlessly each &amp; every day on this beautiful website, Twitter
Sad Bearded Confused Terrified Beautiful Idiot Asshole of 2015 Award Goes to Yours Truly, Your Boy
thinkin abt doing some karate in this bathroom stall probably will do karate why aren't you in love with me yet yr parents will totally <BROKEN HEART> me
@atragedyoflove a cool secret is that you are actually very good &amp; you apologize bc you care about people, even though it's unnecessary.
@nataliejmooney I'm sad, too, Natalie. y're good &amp; funny &amp; smart &amp; sweet to people &amp; dogs &amp; v beautiful. it's ok to be sad it's ok to be you
literally wear the same cords to work every day, except Friday bc that's casual day &amp; i wear Levis denims like a good American boy
lol i'm hiding in the bathroom bc i'm really fuckin' trippin' out on that coffee lol 
don't want to be nice anymore, show me how to be cold &amp; indifferent to suffering, my own &amp; others', show me Void
okay, good, i feel the self-loathing &amp; despair setting back in, the loneliness eternal
this is one of those false lulls in the darkness, some strange, stray ray of light, it's not fair
okay enough okay okay
the universe isn't speaking through me today, i feel contrived and false i'm sorry
*tweets silence* how did i do that
reminder that my trembling hands are bearing witness &amp; praying that's the whole thing, they are bringing tales from the blackness
@effIuences you, though. wow.
the ones in summer where you can smell the air &amp; the rocks stand up on end &amp; then the clouds burst forth &amp; usually a rainbow follows, u know
she one of those stupefying afternoon sunstorms, when the world all hot, humid, full to bursting, then shudders for a minute &amp; falls silent
reminder that Twitter user effluences is some sort of Dream Goddess whom stalks the edges of my consciousness, gracefully spinning secrets
@jakuman you know the way to mine heart (chakra)
@poniesandpizza oh my god though
reminder that I love Castine, she an angel goddess &amp; v cool, show her all the love, thanks
No Confidence Man, Crazy Fucker, Half Right. and he sounds so tight and beautiful. he's one of the best artists of all time, hands down.
any other Elliott geeks out there will love this setlist: Some Song, Alphabet Town, Whatever, No Name 4, Big Decision, Condor Ave, No Name 1
found a show from 1994 at Umbra Penumbra with the sickest set list, goddamn
I HAVE NOT EATEN A FOOD IN TWO DAYS AND HAVE HAD SOME V POWERFUL COFFEE THINGS ARE WEIRD RIGHT NOW
TRUST
WHAT ARE YOU GODDAMN SAYING
hard to focus right now, but i can't stop thinking about those birds this morning they had no chill but i was madly in love with their songs
want to hold you &amp; feel your confusion brush up against mine, bb
pretty scary &amp; rad how everything is real &amp; also not real
have had coffee &amp; am now unsure of my own existence &amp; typing this tweet makes me nervous &amp; i am downloading Elliott Smith live bootlegs
give me a hug
@marxistmariota @teddybIess this is true, except that not even my beard is a personality theres just a howling eternal void in my chest
awoke to an eerily calm sensation in my chest &amp; birds gently singing but i know better, the Universe playin'
when i find myself in time of trouble sometime i ask me: " What Would Weedy Do ? "
helpful to remember that Weedy exist &amp; is a living breathing goddess from Jupiter that part where the big storm is that her throne actually.
sometime i become addicted to the outlet afforded me by tweet &amp; spend an "unhealthy" "amount" of "time" "doing" "it"
sometime i see tweet with which i disagree &amp; instead of replying i uh you know scroll past it
one day i will learn your avian dialect &amp; then we'll see whom's laughing, pal 
the birds are telling secrets v rude 
no i don't who cares
i want you
@teddybIess holy shit
the people on this website who condescend &amp; dismiss me would fall in love with me against their will &amp; better judgment if they knew me irl
stop trying it's gross
all this is to say: i am confused and i am alone and i do not know how to proceed from these vertiginous thoughts, but somehow do so anyway
there are moments, very brilliant and beautiful moments, which feel literally like forever
and yet, there are vast stretches of it that pass sweetly by me
the sharpness of time, its constraint of the ego into the everpresent Moment, is sheerly and utterly horrifying
in other words, space is liberating, whilst time is binding, constricting
one may pace a room, crossing from the east side to the west, from the north side to the south, but one may not stride back into time
clearly, something about the irreversibility of time is troubling to me
there is no manner by which one may gain distance and perspective with which to view and contemplate time outside of the thing itself
it is like pressing one's face against a razor blade, like sitting lotus style at the very precipice of a silent, ceaseless waterfall
if one truly "lives in the present," as Buddhist philosophy espouses, then one sees clearly the meaninglessness of existence
time is intangible in the same way that space is intangible, but for whatever reason, time frightens me while space does not
part of me believes that we are all literally dead and are experiencing life as some sort of flashback, a hallucinatory recall
my entire adult life, from age 20 on, has been one prolonged grapple between time and my fragile sanity
something about heightened states of awareness lends itself to a scrupulous examination of the nature of Time
when I drink strong coffee, or smoke potent marijuana, I begin to question the physical reality of time, and this presses me to the brink
every bit of anxiety within me stems from an acute inability to understand time, which renders myself and my surroundings nonsensical
time makes zero sense to me in a very direct, immediate, disorienting, terrifying manner
(( <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>🏼 )) 
kindness only ever gets me hurt. people always always alway (but always) take advantage of me when i am kind. want to get colder.
look, i am kind in my heart but i am trying my best to subvert it. kindness is an illness. Nietzsche was right. just do what you want.
my hands are shaking really badly &amp; kids are playing tag or something outside my car. they seem like they are having fun. want a beer.
@ineveningair13 all my friends bail eventually except one or two it's probably better that we aren't
now i'm sitting in my parked car, tweeting, dreading going into my house. it's very hot &amp; i'm sweating &amp; sad &amp; don't know what to do.
she was sobbing &amp; so clearly exhausted too &amp; i just wanted to be able to do this one thing to help someone who means something to me. nope.
asked the Universe for a small break not for me but for her bc she's had a rough go of things lately &amp; it just smashes my face in the dirt
everything on me is trembling bc i fucked up changing a flat tire &amp; i haven't eaten anything except a piece of chocolate in over 24 hours
tried to change my ex's flat tire &amp; failed because that is who i am 
i'm disgusting 
just pissed and it's all dark golden and coffee scented
i have no dignity i am a worthless monster and my ugliness is my only companion
there are plenty of lovely twigs with which to construct your world, &amp; who knows! maybe even a strand of tinsel or a pretty length of yarn!
you don't care about me, I don't care about you. nice &amp; clean. just put me out of your mind, go about building your nest of meaning.
mostly, folks become extremely pissed by my existence &amp; outlook if they talk to me long enough. so I've stopped trying with people.
I've spent long stretches of time sitting with nothingness, with meaningless silence and darkness. That's all that I know.
look, people don't want me to be better because they want me to be better they want me to be better so they don't have to worry anymore.
my pain is a holy flame and I'll be goddamned if I'll let your oblivious ass snuff it out
moments of joy, connection, reprieve. all illusory. all distractions. my nature is emptiness. my nature is desolation &amp; anger. bitterness.
the meaninglessness of existence, coupled with the way that humankind has chosen to structure this life, is insurmountable for me.
but that doesn't really matter because I don't care enough to do so. nothing in me desires to exert, to aspire, to strive, to achieve.
look. maybe in an abstract, theoretical way, I have "something" (???) to offer people, to offer the world.
there's really nothing to say, there's no consolation, there's no solace, there's no comfort, there's no remedy, there's no hope.
talked with my father for an hour and we both arrived at a shrug. he understands (to an extent) why I feel this way but there's no solution.
I sit and spin the world on its flipside, and listen backwards for meaning 
i heard quite enough / you're on it all the time /  you're full of it all the time 
flush me pls 
my hands are shaking and I feel on the verge of mental collapse. I don't even know what that means. maybe it's already happened?
Life is completely absurd and nonsensical and yet I'm expected to live. I don't know how to do this. I don't know what I am doing.
My family is a solid support structure. They love me and look out for me. Otherwise, I would be dead or institutionalized at this point.
Feeling this way often leads me into dizzying panic attacks, during which I feel that I have lost my mind or will shortly die.
I am mentally and emotionally exhausted and I am unstable. I am afraid and sad nearly every waking moment of my life, except when drunk.
I want a steak and an ice cold beer and an eon to figure out what the living fuck is going on even.
I want to fuck and scream.
I want to fucking scream.
the Universe wants to ensure that even the good things contain a knife-sharp, tetanus-transmitting rusty lining.
all the fluids, potential stains, risk of injury, infection, disease, &amp; perhaps worst of all, possibility of pregnancy. nightmarish.
fucking is a nice distraction &amp; pleasurable means by which to attempt communion with another but it's also a hassle &amp; fraught with nonsense.
last night I fucked &amp; then ate half a bar of dark chocolate. I almost went to sleep without brushing my teeth, but I caved &amp; brushed them.
once I stopped feeling any &amp; all fear &amp; in that crystalline moment I felt utterly alone &amp; began to fear that I'd miss my fears
everything I've ever done has been a way of saying "please stop hurting me"
failing
@mattytalks @abeerfartloud I will try to hug the rage out your weary heart as you pummel my thin-wristed frame, then I'll cook a meal for us
recurring theme: I have did a coffee
life is a trick question there's no right answer
@abeerfartloud @mattytalks Abeer is typically right, sorry Matty
that was me and still is I wonder what the back of my head looked like maybe I'll do a time travel back to his moment and check
down down down
cool it
"you shouldn't hate yourself."
'you don't know me.'
"tell me!"
*whispers in yr ear*
"Oh. Well. I hope everything works out..."
'yeah. HaHa.'
it's fun loathing oneself in the knowledge that others would react extremely negatively should one reveal that self completely.
my entire existence is a balancing act. i have to expend a lot of effort to restrain myself from being honest with people &amp; scaring them.
i don't know how much longer i can pretend to be okay just to avoid being hospitalized, but i also know that hospitalization will be worse
maybe just read the tweets &amp; fav them &amp; wait until he's done tweeting if you think maybe he'd like to hear your feedback. just seems kind.
if you expand the thread, you'll see several people attacking his ideas, or relating them to their lives. they're missing the mark, imo.
double trips was just working out his thoughts on something deeply personal, &amp; he was cool enough to share it with us here.
I understand that tweeting is not quite "working it out alone," but I guess I'm saying use common sense &amp; social context clues.
sometimes discourse helps shape idea &amp; press one's thoughts into novel, unforeseen places, but often people like to work things out alone.
when you see someone chipping away at an idea on this site like a sculptor chiseling marble probably a thing to do is let them work.
@castinemachine yeah a comma after "morning" would've been closer to the though in my head but commas are disgusting like thoughts
@castinemachine everything is disgusting
Monday morning I made coffee and thought about how the Universe is a malevolent machine mercilessly tormenting the gentle of spirit.
Monday morning poetry is disgusting.
Monday morning I want to kill myself.
yo i'm disgustingly hot 
okay ¥ou can be nice to people just like don't put yourself out because that shit always backfires on ¥our a$$
get drunk &amp; do you, man. fuck people.
fuck being nice that shit gets eaten up &amp; ya end up getting pissed on &amp; condescended ya get a little tap on the head fuck that
"And now you see your first mistake
Was thinking that you could relate
For one or two minutes she liked you"
lol fuck it don't care
@PhillyPhannon yeah he's brilliant. gifted beyond belief. his work is suffused with soul &amp; empathy &amp; love. makes me feel a kinda way.
@PhillyPhannon man, Sam is the best. I have his "Live at the Copa." Right up your alley. Classic. He was so warm, funny, and witty.
the masculinity you've been sold is toxic to your soul &amp; it's ruining women's ability to enjoy the one life they get, so. cool it, guys.
if your friends talk about "bitches" or "seeing that ass on that one" or whatever gross shit, just be like: "hey, maybe don't? that hurts."
I hate soapbox male feminists because it's disgusting, so I'm trying to be chill about this, too. Just relax &amp; be good to them &amp; be kind.
they aren't your property, they aren't your playthings, they aren't there to be your sidekick. they are people. you are people. chill out.
this basic math, but you know, we still need to beg people to be even minimally decent I guess? women are people, who feel &amp; die: like you.
just try not to be a huge piece of shit &amp; recognize that women are your fellow humans &amp; are also scared &amp; struggling &amp; trying, maybe be cool
we sometimes say girls &amp; boys in terms of crushes &amp; that seem nice &amp; affectionate, but in other contexts can be demeaning &amp; condescending
also maybe don't call grown women girls I don't know it's trivial but I try to say women bc they are women not girls but you know
women having each other's backs instead of envying/hating one another per the shit patriarchy is thrilling to watch, especially in real time
anyway I am sorry for existing &amp; being bad
why do dudes bother going in on women anymore, especially the witches on this website they will fuck you up guy buddy man I seen it
check out these pups (I am very bad &amp; should be quarantined, or at the v least, banished) 
also David &amp; patron_sailor &amp; Brian Husband &amp; Jarek
pretty much only fav &amp; RT women on this thing anymore, except double trips zeros
I AM A POWERFUL IDIOT WITH A LOT OF SADNESS IN... IN ME, I GUESS... I DON'T KNOW WHERE FEELINGS OR THOUGHTS PHYSICALLY RESIDE... BUT, I AM P
down with boyfriends and monogamy just everyone love me and kiss me instead 2015
@effIuences ya, v v true
yeah I'm ugly but I don't care anymore I'm a cloud people in love with a doomed star giving life to plants &amp; bees &amp; birds &amp; whatever
this is all just me &amp; this 
here's the thing: even if you don't care, there are vestigial remnants of care in you, somewhere, &amp; they'll fuck you up just like real care.
warning not to engage people it's dangerous just keep to yourself and talk in loops internally that's way safer and cooler <VICTORY HAND>🏼️
beers count: I have had two beer
chilling status: chilling 
@tuttifknfruity @darth__mouth it's cranberry juice... cran-apple.
this jeans is fucked up why is the goddamn crotch so deep my dick is not a foot long Levis (sadly) 
2015 Don't Try
how has only one person unfollowed me after the past 24 hours
it won't do it, it's indifferent
oh wow, Hemingway would be proud.
also true, but again, I am a depressed, arrogant, self-loathing asshole.
basically
just deleted two tweets from last night that were a little tooooooo alienating and revealing of the awful rot that is my soul.
oh fuck, haha. I mean, I actually do believe this stuff but also am just such an insufferable asshole, too. really bad.
whoa! unverifiable &amp; arrogant! you, sir, are what the kids call "a hot fuckin mess"!
let, bless.
fuckin' taaaaaasteful look at all that taaaaaaaste
you are missing out on a world of kissing idiots with bad beards among the clouds you are missing out on all this
amen amen amen, shantih shantih shantih
see? I am fucking precious, really.
oh fuck, I was wrong everyone, I was wrong. I am actually v adorable and should receive attractions, yes.
ah yes, foot. Ha Ha!
my brand is actually this, I will give myself credit here.
lol
this is what Philip Jeck sounds like (the video beyond the link, not this tweet. this tweet sounds like nothing.) 
listening to Phillip Jeck because I want to listen to Phillip Jeck.
besides which, I am unattractive.
attraction to me is ill-advised. you will hate me, just like I hate me.
@sadhugs I saw this tour in 2005. I was a sophomore in college. It was at a place called The Chameleon Club, somewhere in PA.
As far back as I can remember, I have been alone. I have always felt alone. I don't want to get out of this bed because it is my anchor.
I remember feelings, not events, not chronologies nor settings. I recall the realities that I inhabited, not the "objective" ones.
I remember when I believed the world was infinite. I remember being genuinely hopeful, happy, and optimistic about the future.
I remember how the ocean made me feel.
it's 3:19 on Sunday, May 3, 2015. I am alive still. Or not. What is life?
can't wait to see whom or what disappoints me next. can't wait to see whom or what I disappoint next.
my favorite thing in life is giving up.
either I am under-appreciated or appreciated just enough. or I am appreciated just enough.
@angrymolar all I want to do is give you a massive hug and whisper in your ear a secret meant just for you. I love you, too. Y're wonderful.
@angrymolar thank you for sharing yourself with us, with me.
@angrymolar I fucking love your art. You are fucking beautiful.
please let me go home to oblivion. let me leave, my heart is already there.
pain means nothing, it's just hard to remember this. human beings are the continual fall from the face of nothing. all of this is wild. All.
Everything Is Nothing. Ephemera, All. Nothing Possesses. No Substance. Dull Echoes Of Nothing. Void Is The Only Truth.
Literally I'm just a happening, an unfurling. Human beings aren't anything, existence isn't anything. This is all a fucking dream.
I don't understand myself, which is to say I don't understand anything, which is to say I don't understand understanding.
If I don't change course, I am going to wind up destroyed. If I do change course, I will wind up destroyed, though.
I need to change everything about my life but barely have the energy to place my clothing in a machine that washes them for me.
life is the reverberation of death. life isn't real. we're already dead and always have been. you are literally not alive.
Acute confusion. The roiling of the and futile effort to gain coherence, to understand myself in a detached manner. Calm is impossible.
Today, as I was preparing eggs, I confronted anxiety internally. The intangible nature of my being seemed unbearable. Profound confusion.
death is happening back into reality, that's what's going on.
broken, the sound of my being broken, broken. being in the wake of vibrating pain ringing. turning over. broken beauty. no beauty here. Yes.
@ConorTripler @vinceness how we are to endure an existence void of meaning and hope.
Destruction is the only One I've ever loved, the only One I've ever respected.
You don't want anything, least of all me.
I don't want anything, least of all you.
my life is permutations on the expression of pain
people have ambitions and they are succeeded and they are beautiful and I'm just struggling to stay here. I make the world worse by living.
I hate the way that I am. I'm sorry for being me. I'm sorry that I can't just fucking beat this and be a positive force in this world.
i'm crying because I imagined what sort of person I might be if I weren't so full of doubt, fear, anxiety, and sadness. probably a good one.
reminder that I'm the best boyfriend you can never have <BROKEN HEART> 
anxiety, dread, &amp; pain intense as a pin point
fear will not let me be free, fear will not relent
@hawksley keep trying, Shae, I believe in you. somewhere on that glimmering horizon lies the perfect bowl of Raisin Bran on a sunny day.
existence is terrifying but remember birds &amp; flowers exist &amp; sometimes people make transcendentally beautiful sounds 
@teddybIess no you! (sorry for being the music rec idiot, but this album *really* helped me through a dark time: 
@teddybIess of course. i see you out here being real &amp; struggling &amp; scared &amp; the thing is: we all are. your honesty &amp; levity are inspiring.
@teddybIess it's okay to be sad. it'll pass. thanks for making my life brighter with your words. &amp; thoughts.  
@teddybIess hi. you are really smart, witty, funny, and cool. you are good &amp; make life better for a lot of people. be gentle with yourself.
let's all join up with broken bottles and knives and murder our anxieties ruthlessly and joyously hallelujah forever and ever amen
*squares up with anxiety* fuck you not today motherfucker
want to be this evening want you to see me the way I saw the sunset that night
on and on and on until not
get thee behind me
the only thing I want at this point in life is to shed fear permanently
*on knees, hands clasped, head thrown back, eyes affixed on the vacant night sky* Teach me your indifference. Rid me of fear.
@castinemachine still thinking about this
my how the mighty have fallen ((I was so hot three months ago what the hell am I doing))
be with me and hold me and kiss me and love me and then bail on me 
@castinemachine hot damn girl please give me all the kisses
@castinemachine jesus christ Castine ouch
it feels so big and bright it sounds like a bright meadow in autumn it me @ineveningair13
like original record Death Cab is what my heart sound honestly 
yo early death cab was so fucking brilliant
reminds me of when i was younger and had no hope as opposed to now when i am old and have none 
I'm not even close to kidding. Blur is dogshit and Oasis means a lot to me. Fuck your art rock bullshit you asshole get away from me.
if you like Blur at all, let alone more than Oasis, fuck off
cause no one's gonna tell you what I'm all about 
you ain't ever gonna burn my heart out 
jesus christ two brothers making music together &amp; trading vocals &amp; they hate each other but love one another deep down it's Shakespearean.
this is so beautiful I love Oasis more than you love your idiot trendy music you assshole
i'd fuck Liam 
let's fuck right this very second 
listening to Oasis songs and dreaming about the sweet release of death
@Horse_Crimes  boxing is now entirely a commercial it's insipid
boxing is awful anymore
@SarahLostinTX okay this is fair play I love Ryan and I am totally awful and he's good, so... shit
not caring is actually the coolest thing ever fuck off
your husband is definitely awful
your fiancé is probably awful
your boyfriend probably is awful just sayin
drunk and not giving shit about anything which is not much different than sober but it feel better
@sallyelegant @mattytalks 
*looks around* hell seems a lot like life was or is whatever lol
@mattytalks one day you'll realize that i'm cooler than you and it'll ruin your life
@mattytalks what if i wind up liking it and feeling less cool Matty what happens to my fuckin cred dude
@mattytalks no because its existence angers me because i am an angsty teen and hate anyone trying to cover Elliott
i am doing head bangs to this fuckin shit and i don't care if you like it or approve i will pummel your nerd ass 
I AM UNSTABLE AND BREAKING DOWN
this is called twitter because we're all fucking peacocks strutting and it's groooooooooossssssoooossossssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
blood bone death lonely sad self-hated death blood guts goth magic sky nature dogs cats death blood skin love horny sex kiss eyes bones love
I AM A HUGE NERD WHOM THINK I AM DOING POETRY WHILST ACTUALLY PROSTRATING MYSELF FOR FUCKING ATTENTION
i hope these two assholes kill each other and then someone kills me
someone kill me
GUTS FUCK
rip your own guys out and debase your ego or don't even speak in my vicinity.
I hate your idiot opinions and posturing and sycophancy and pretentiousness.
I hate so many of you idiot motherfuckers.

post pictures of your dumb animals so I can post jeers and mocks at them.
her: I have a cat. I love it.
me: fuck this loneliness is so good.
it's pathetic and i pity you, but then i'm pathetic and i drink all the fucking time so whatever who cares hug your dumb animal.
having a pet is fucking stupid and I hate the whole concept. i hate your cat and your dog and whatever other animal you possess.
you've chosen to purchase, feed, and love an idiot animal so that you feel less alone in life, but it will die soon &amp; you'll still be alone.
i'll make it really easy for you to unfollow me: your "connection" with your cat or dog is a psychotic delusion based upon deep loneliness.
eating a ripe pear whom taste like cum and damb
i haven't cum in like a week and a half and i am dying
if you're anti-abortion unfollow me full stop
everyone is bad except the people I like
bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pretty bad pret
there nothing left to say about me I will give you better dick than you ever had and I am also really bad <NAIL POLISH>🏼<NAIL POLISH>🏼<NAIL POLISH>🏼
fuckin kill me
let fuck 
@ineveningair13 i'm cry
@ineveningair13 
@teddybIess I'm crying right now
"Seriously, look at my awful idiot son. He's like McConaughey in Dazed &amp; Confused but dumber and creepier. I love him so much."
"We were super thrilled to have some Mexican ride our horse or whatever. We are staunchly anti-immigration, however. We hate terrorist's."
"My children are all awful, and we own horses. Please look at my old man bleach white hip surfer cut. I am chill as fuck, tbh."
"This is my son, Misogynist Idiot. We are so happy to be super white, bland, and disgustingly wealthy. The Kentucky Derby is a great thing."
these people at the Kentucky Derby are huge pieces of shit
@ineveningair13 stop being so sweet to me you jerk
lean game strong biiiiiiihhhh 
whom unfollowed me you coward rat
chilling with my friends <CLOUD>️<CLOUD>️<CLOUD>️ 
anyways God bless me and all women and banish the rest of the men to swamps and atolls
yeah I mean you have your mans but LOOK what you are missing out upon look whom you could smooch instead 
this is the most antithetical style of living to my brand and really chafes my bottom thanks for listening
periodic reminder I hate all romantic mans be they baes boos boyfrans honeys loves babes engag-ed ones fee-ahn-says or God forbid, hubbies
boy whom snake 
@mattytalks whom has a crush on me
@mattytalks my brother has been getting into smoking meats and it's been a godsend
hey @mattytalks 
@castinemachine YO goddamn
foot 
my brand is being cute &amp; a great sex haver &amp; liking cool things &amp; wanting to die i am so glad you are here to witness my unfurling
*is drunk at 5:00 pm* haha this is dope shit gonna get weird it already is it always is
*gets drunk* I am all ready to Tweet, baby. Prepare yourfuckinself.
goodbye 
i am def getting another beer don't scold me you fuck
my heart is full of hate and lust and now i will go watch Aliens and pass out with my breath all full of beer i don't care about you
i am a bad man and you should understand this before continuing to follow me read my tweets from the past couple hours
real tired of expending literally any energy on people who value me less than I do them
this might be the best song ever written 
please just get fucked up with me and let's listen to sad music and hold each other who cares
@castinemachine same
i don't think i can do this anymore
someone toss me overboard
i smiled at her all knowing like and said "i know" she ate it up haha
this girl i've been seeing scoffed when i put Sabbath on but after i'd fucked her she rolled over and said, "yeah, that was perfect"
like i can barely care about fitting in anymore i can barely fake being a human and i just do what feels good i love eating pussy
i think about dying all the fucking time and i literally fuck with reckless abandon it's just not important to me because nothing is
time fore another beer and thinking of tweets that will lose "followers" even though they've all muted me all 4 of them lol
ya I'm drunk but I promise you, promise, I will fuck you better than you've ever been fucked don't care don't care don't care don't care
Interests: 1. Alcohol 2. Rock and Roll 3. Sex 4. Being Dead 5. Fuuuuuck You
I Am An Awful Man and Your Hatred of Me Is Just
i want to fuck you but i don't want to want to fuck you 
i want to die but i don't want to want to die
i want to scream but i def want to
i'm so goddamn full of anger and disdain and i don't care i don't want to be better i want to keep drinking and be alone fuck it
the way folk likely tire of seeing my sad-sack horseshit, i tire of all the fake positive shit motherfucker i know you sob yourself to sleep
death gon take me all by myself and you gon let me down anyone you already have anyway so fuck you leave me alone let me die
feeling sad feels home and i'm real sorry about that but i'm not really i don't fucking care about you or your idiot thoughts
wait yes i can haha
can't even think of a music i want
there are helicopters outside my window and also as well in addition i am depressed and this one feels like it's not gon relent
my life is completely empty and devoid of anything worthwhile
I am redundant 
hating myself &amp; thinking about fucking you
@abeerfartloud oh.... I like you better than the drawing
@abeerfartloud did you draw that???
fuck everything
dude i am faking it through literally every fucking moment of my life i have no idea what i am ever doing ever please go easy
*listens to Bob Dylan* probably I'd like to be dead humankind is so brave but also so fuckin dumb
*exists* this fuckin hurts a lot
@abeerfartloud *turns to urinal* hear that, dummy? thank Abeer.
@abeerfartloud just a little inside joke with myself i'm not pretty the toilets are way better-looking
@abeerfartloud me too Abeer it's so pretty and resigned, like me
i'm tired of life, i'm tired of waiting for something 
extremely high-risk selfie of me with my only friends 
fear 
the world needs to keep Slint in its heart, listen to the gospel of "Spiderland" each day
@xcaseymitchell remember the clown keep the clown in yr heart
and now i'm crying at my desk at work and someone came to ask me a question and when I turned they said "Oh..." 
i'm not as cool or smart or morally advanced in all my perspectives &amp; opinions as most of the popular folk here but i promise i'm trying
want to be a better human being all the time want to be good want to be loving want people to remember me fondly after death's taken me
give when you can be kind as often as you are physically able be gentle be sweet be loving be supportive don't hurt people make them feel ok
@abeerfartloud I love you Abeer my friend you are honest and nice and sweet and brilliant I love you thank you for being my friend
@Are_Kelly thank you for the flower Emily it's beautiful like you. your life is a work of art, you are an Artist &amp; you will be huge someday.
@abeerfartloud I love so much art, but I obviously have favorites, &amp; they are the things that speak to something deep in me.
@abeerfartloud no way, it's just something that I relate to because it closely mirrors my experience. it's nostalgic &amp; sentimental &amp;: me too
@Are_Kelly everything about you is good all of it I'm so glad you exist
hold my hand &amp; let's run through walls together, baby
@abeerfartloud I love J.D. Salinger &amp; "The Royal Tenenbaums" but that's a problem because it's white affluent people &amp; that means I'm bad
@abeerfartloud just want to feel alright for existing &amp; liking what I like &amp; not having that be problematic for people it's exhausting
maybe it's not "romanticizing" it so much as FEELING NOT SO ALONE BECAUSE OTHERS HAVE EXPRESSED WHAT I FEEL BEAUTIFULLY &amp; IT HELPS ME STAY
i like Elliott Smith &amp; Nirvana &amp; Sparklehorse &amp; Nick Drake &amp; i don't give aaaannyy shits if my "romanticizing" depression bothers you !!
it's v helpful to be told I'm doing my depression wrong it makes me want to shape up and really be a good moral depressed piece of shit
my favorite thing is when people moralize about depression and sadness and tell people what's okay and what's not in that regard
Sparklehorse is so beautiful it's v ethereal and weird and sad and I like it (I am just barely *jussssst* barely holding on right now)
oh fuck now Sparklehorse I'm really fucking myself up with this playlist I'm such a gentle and sweet boy and also a malignant asshole oh boy
whenever this is happening, I feel like a satellite reentering Earth's atmosphere, or maybe a vessel escaping it how should I know
the void is screaming inside me right now &amp; I feel like I'm about to pass the fuck out
gonna quit my job &amp; give lessons on how to alienate anyone &amp; everyone who cares about you bc I am the fucking master don't even doubt
why do I do anything now Daniel Johnston is playing in my ears and I am feeling a lot of things like missing all the things that have gone
why do I do this to myself
drinking more coffee (my hands are already shaking Ha Ha)
*the universe and people stare blankly at me* "whatever motherfucker"
depression is really just my way of telling positivity and hope, "I know better. We can have our fling, our fun, but I know better."
they wander into my life unexpectedly, without explanation, and expect me to trust that they'll stick around for good *this time.*
people are so full of life, passion, ambition, warmth, even. those feelings are so foreign to me, and when I do feel them, I distrust them.
this is the worst feeling in the world, not caring about anything. everything around me is grey, dull, dead, lifeless. it's just me, though.
when they set in, hatred for the absurdity of existence fills me. typically minor irritation swell up. I don't even feel like dong this now.
I don't know how to escape the self-loathing and shame I typically feel in the wake of a major depressive episode, which is frequent.
this feeling feeds back into my depression, and I begin to feel guilty for existing and straining the energy of those who love me.
for so long as I live, my existence will for them, even if only subconsciously, remain a problem to be solved.
people will tell me that I'm  not a burden on them because I'm depressed, but you I am, and I drain their energy.
literally crouched in the corner of a stall in the men's room at work rocking back &amp; forth trying not to breakdown completely
nothing in this life will ever be "good enough" for me there's a strain of discontent wrapped about my heart like a wet tarp
I've spent so much time alone &amp; I don't think there's any way back down this mountain. I'm stranded. And stupid.
my life is an unescapable trap of dread
why can't I stop searching for people to let down?
life is basically all the people you don't want to talk to you talking to you and then the inverse
@tristanreveur I try so hard just to be here, man. it's all so scary.
everything is so bright &amp; I'm falling down it's all so bright &amp; vivid &amp; I'm exhausted &amp; trembling &amp; totally alone &amp; yet I'm not done I'm not
what isssssssss all of this Jesus Christ what are we how can we feel so infinite &amp; know that the darkness awaits i'm crying
how does loneliness &amp; desolation not rend our bodies &amp; roll about in our blood &amp; shards of flesh how are we able to just fucking keep going
how do our feelings not destroy &amp; kill us they are so big
here we all are together in existence wow think about that
when I'm frightened, I just want to lie down and be eternal
crying because love feels real sometimes &amp; i'm scared all the time &amp; it's the only feeling that ever makes that seem unimportant for a while
@sadhugs I listened to "Z" in college &amp; like it a lot still, but a lot their work is hit/miss. this song is nice: 
@darth__mouth good morning Lisa you're the most magical human thank you for existing and being you
have you never even heard of Rainbow Traingle ?? 
been listening to "Stoner Witch" &amp; it's really fucking good &amp; now I have some coffee in me &amp; Weedy listening to BTS &amp; this Friday feel right
just when I think there's no possible way that I could love you any more than I already do, you go &amp; do a thing like this ily @darth__mouth
okay 
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Melvins (60), Smog (31) &amp; Modest Mouse (25) 
@veryspooky_ apparently me too
handsomer than all these motherfuckers on this website got damn and funnier and sweeter and smarter too hello I am exhausted
lights are still flickering
listening to Melvins and really wondering about my earlier denial of the fuck impulse
y'alll boring as everything else &amp; you don't appreciate me fuck offfffffff
i am truly an awful human being
i don't want to fuck you and there are helicopters outside my bedroom window because the world is a scary place demanding protests
Rocky Raccoon he fell back in his room  I am drunk and listening to Beatles and hating everything especially fucking
*sees flattering text from girl* yeah yeah yeah you don't know the haaaaalf of it bb
@Are_Kelly I too also am idiot Emily Escher Ray Kelly
oh look, another trope tweet about goths or blood or dogs or cats or whatever the fuck *swigs beer until the glass is bone (!!!) dry*
oh nice a train is passing in the distance *swigs beer*
hate myself &amp; want to die all the time but know I'll fuck you better than he ever has or will &amp; that's that *swigs beer &amp; sings Martha Marth
controversial take : my dick game good
going to flip the Beatles record and get a little stoked about Rocky Raccoon's imminent approach
Castine The God in 2015
don't fuck with Castine she's my girl
@castinemachine whaaaaaat nothing could be further from the truth, bb, you realer than real and I love you
some of this shit on Twitter is so obnoxious and corny lol
nice when it doesn't matter and nothing matters who cares I'm listening to the Beatles alone tonight and drinking til I sleep
nice when girls text you telling you they want you to fuck them
the lights are fucking flickering here in Philadelphia and who cares what the fuck
i love you 
*is drunk* yeah fuckin chill
drinking
getting fucking drunk right now I'm a hot mess <CLINKING BEER MUGS><FIRE>
@ConorTripler Conor please this is hurtful I'm cyrein'g
where is Nate James I need a hug forever
fuck you Tennessee fuck youuuuuuuu
goddamnit
@marxistmariota I WANT MARCUS MAN THIS IS THE FUTURE!!
please God give Philadelphia Marcus
@marxistmariota Vinny Curry. Situational edge rusher. Really great motor, sack specialist. Lot of potential as a 4-3 DE. He's talented.
@marxistmariota this is intense, homie. rumors on this end that Chip's offering Kendricks, Cox, Curry, Boykin, + picks. no deal yet.
@marxistmariota MARK MUST BE WITH HIS DAD, CHIPPY!!!
@PoisonOke oh hi i love you okay?
it me 
existing 
here comes the empty again here comes that what the fuck is happening that what the fuck am I that wh--oh fuck someone is talking to me--hi!
nothing is my only friend
anyway, just listening to Melvins all day about it. music never lets me down. music is my version of y'all weird dog/cat thing.
I get so close to clarity sometimes, I sense the precipice, but I am too stupid to break through. Maybe clarity is illusory, too. Don't Know
"good" &amp; "bad" are relative, thus, &amp; struggling to be a "good" person becomes dizzying. the path is unclear. there is no path.
realizing that there's likely no Final Judgment is both liberating &amp; horrifying. we are totally adrift.
this scares me profoundly. I was raised Catholic &amp; my moral center came from the Jesus I built in my mind &amp; my heart.
in other words, kindness &amp; empathy are arbitrary choices for the truly liberated mind. cruelty, manipulation, torture, &amp; murder are valid.
nothing new. Nietzsche wrote extensively about it. folks mistakenly attributed "If there is no God, everything is permitted" to Dostoyevsky.
spending a prolonged amount of time staring into nothingness reveals unsettling shades of reality. one is that morality is illusory.
mostly I hate myself because many times it feels like curiosity outweighs morality for me. obviously that's not true, but it feels that way.
there are things about which I'm intensely interested but about which I don't feel comfortable speaking to anyone
so I'm essentially self-medicating with coffee, &amp; let's just say I'm not the best pharmacist. anti-depressants fucked me up, though.
lacking energy makes it impossible to think optimally &amp; this in turn makes me frustrated &amp; bored &amp; apathetic, which leads right to nihilism.
coming down from caffeine while at work is treacherous. feeling tired &amp; listless is the majority of what I hate about the depressed state.
seems like I need coffee just to be barely human &amp; that's really cool &amp; not at all scary or weird or fucked up
nothing to offer, everything to take, endless amounts of receptive capability
v important
want my nose in ye trouble, baby ((I'm breaking apart by the moment))
hasn't worked I'm still doing sex thoughts &amp; wants fuck goddamn this is painful
from us to you 
going to do a drawing I will sublimate this nonsense and keep my nose out of trouble ((!!!))
contrary to popular (my) opinion, I am in fact horny &amp; thinking about sex details ((i hate this please take away))
lol I basically drink extremely powerful coffee every morning &amp; trip for a few hours at my desk &amp; then wonder why I'm an alien star being
thinking about the enclosed nature of myself leads to vertiginous swooning // I am a spaceship, same as a rock // essence undualting
listen to Melvins, swerve &amp; dip into the surreal depths of the void, keep yr spaceship fleshmachine together, try to be kind about things
@PhillyPhannon it makes all the kids do drugs which is good
@PhillyPhannon I'll bet it was soooooo happy when that weird band did that triangle rainbow album about it!
@PhillyPhannon that's why it started doing the tides: bitterness, envy, revenge. fucked up, imo.
@petfurniture I'm so sorry, Danielle. I love you and my thoughts are with you and your family.
wonder what the moon was thinking when life emerged from the sludge on his friend Earth's blue-green belly, like oh whoa check this shit out
favin tweets like shootin ducks at the carnival except there's no prize just the joy of the knockin down the ducks &amp; seein beauty whoooo boy
@Horse_Crimes @ineptune_ @thomas_violence @crow_death I want all the friends but then who doesn't I'm just a shrimp &amp; a scamp
coffee shoves my mind into a strange place &amp; boy oh goddamn boy is it fun &amp; terrifying &amp; all sorts of other finely-gradiated emooooootions
there's no heart in my body cavity just a swarm of bronze bells clanging beneath my porous flesh &amp; a set of eyes riding above
don't look at me too long nor too closely bc I'm warning you you will not like what you sea sea sea
that teddy tweet is so fucking real, damn
[very quietly] except do it please
@ineveningair13 
@ineptune_ @castinemachine this is a terrifying prospect, Castine, be gentle about it, I don't know if the world is ready....
coffee &amp; now it feels like tree limbs are climbing out of my solar plexus fuuuuuck
i still think about you, baby 
if you don't have passionate, ephemeral love affairs with songs that make you cry I can never love you back
see?
@eatersdigestfm damn, they had a homecooked meal in Philly, too! next time they're in town I want to cook for them! hahaha.
@eatersdigestfm the dodos are one my favorite bands in the whole wide world !!! this is amazing!! thank you!
hello I'm an asshole who thinks near-incessantly about suicide but also takes pictures of sunsets &amp; flowers bc they're beautiful love me
I am the grump this website needs, but not the one it deserves.
@eatersdigestfm thanks for sharing it. very cool listen / read, &amp; the photos of Anacortes were beautiful. Love Phil &amp; his music.
This website is equal parts garbage and glory.
It's sort of a social contract. We pretend to care about each other's nonsense because it makes us both feel better.
As if I'm lucky to be graced by your response. As if I'm lucky to be reading your bullshit thoughts. Mine are, too, but so are yours.
Frankly, I expect no one to want to be my friend, but that's of little bearing. I still feel like shit when you condescend me.
I want to be your friend, not your follower. If it becomes clear to me after a certain amount of time that you are uninterested, I leave.
how I do unbecome me
geese
seagulls
@Horse_Crimes seems like we're the only brothers in the Mew loop. "Frengers" is dope as fuck.
@hawksley ah, that's the worst. do you have any water? the only thing that ever helped me w that was placing one foot on the ground.
@Horse_Crimes @ineptune_ @insuperlative listening now, homie.
@hawksley you okay, Shea. ILY. what are you up to?
@hawksley you okay, Shea?
it's okay for romance to be fucked up &amp; ugly
@Horse_Crimes @ineptune_ @insuperlative I like you v much, bud. I love you. You are courageous &amp; smart &amp; strong. &lt;3 Will listen to Mew.
@Horse_Crimes @ineptune_ @insuperlative i had no idea Mew released a new record. I hope you'll share the story with us when y're finished.
@veryspooky_ of course. take good care of yourself!
@veryspooky_ uh, yeah. also, feel better, Danielle.
@sveltenerve @ineveningair13 I mean this feel like beauty bullying me it's a lot
@ineptune_ @insuperlative @Horse_Crimes oh, another brother? a fellow Seeker? A Voyager? ah. this is the good stuff. hello brother.
@insuperlative @Horse_Crimes i enjoy soft things &amp; cry, but also have metal so what even is
@Horse_Crimes @insuperlative you're definitely the most metal of the brothers but metal is good this is a conundrum
@sveltenerve "NO ONE JUST GIVE IGUANA FREE SKETS WHAT GOING ON"
@sveltenerve his back foot is doing a thing &amp; his look says "I'm chill, but cautiously so. I know you fucks are up to something..."
@insuperlative @Horse_Crimes not sure but I am definitely the runt of the litter <DOG FACE>
@sveltenerve SO CLOSE. the first pic is what set me on this quest initially. I like the iguana guy, he seems chill.
@insuperlative wow. holy shit. "identity" autocorrected to "infinity." huh.
@insuperlative following you is fascinating because you are always Searching &amp; Pressing &amp; shaping your infinity &amp; ideas in real time. <OK HAND SIGN>🏼
@insuperlative you seem to use Twitter s lot how I do, &amp; @Horse_Crimes too. an interactive memory map. a way to work out yr thoughts.
@marxistmariota !!!!!
this was good I enjoyed being alive while this happened all about me
Pray for me that snakes have not gone gluten-free in this year of our lord 2015.
I will be able to die happy, knowing I've broken ground &amp; progressed experience &amp; history just a bit. Thanks.
if this has not happened, I will find a snake to borrow, I will cook pasta, &amp; will somehow coerce the snake into easting some.
I don't think this exists, but I am obsessed with this now. it was a joke earlier but now I really need to know if this has happened.
if anyone has ever seen a photo of a snake eating spaghetti in particular, but really any pasta variety, please point me in that direction.
@teddybIess look what I found 
@PoisonOke I want to hug you for the ever.
@PoisonOke oh sweet sweet sweet, why? how have you been?
@PoisonOke I've missed you
whom kiss
who kissin me in this Twilight of the April ?
okay flat out need to be fuckin kissed rn
want to do kisses now, but don't *want* to want to do kisses right now damn
@effIuences @ineveningair13 <CLOUD>️<HERB><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES>here is where I am now it's calm &amp; I am cooking on a grill &amp; having beer <SPARKLES><SPARKLES><SPARKLES><HERB><CLOUD>️ 
I like when @effIuences &amp; @ineveningair13 like my tweets. It's nice.
took a walk. it was nice. looking forward to drinking alone &amp; watching 'Eraserhead.' other thoughts are happening. feelings, those too.
yeah, I don't know 
void counters 
pretty 
you'll fall in love with me but then I'll have a nihilistic depressive episode &amp; ruin the whole thing you in ? ?
what's really weird is feeling inexplicably good I don't understand anything
@teddybIess of all the glorious content on the web there's not one picture of a snake eating spaghetti. massively fucked up.
@teddybIess @Horse_Crimes NSFW 
@teddybIess @Horse_Crimes it's basically like a bowl of spaghetti
the tweet is not strong today
don't feel quite like dying today and I feel so full of shit, tbh
@Horse_Crimes the buzzing hallucinatory state sounds mildly pleasant, if it's absent anxiety
@Horse_Crimes recently been waking up around 3:00 or 4:00 am &amp; just slogging through that liminal wakefulness/sleep state for a few hours
@Horse_Crimes what do you think about?
the difficult part for me is explaining how unstable I am to people, how strange and basically inhuman I am
conversation fragments, the way people connect &amp; disconnect, the ephemeral nature of courtship &amp; romance, the myriad diverse desires we have
deleted Tinder but I still think about things
anyway, I'm a fuck and I'm bad for you but I still love flowers and prettiness so
SOMEONE ENGAGE ME AND THROW SOME DAMN WATER ON THIS WEIRD FIRE IN ME WHAT IS IT WHAT IS IT WHAT IS IT WHAT IS IT WHAT IS IT WHAT IS IT WHAT
LETS ALTER OUR CONSCIOUSNESSES IN WHICHEVER WAY YOU'D LIKE AND ROLL AROUND IN THE DAMP SOIL IN A FOREST AND GET OUR NAKED BODIES ALL DIRTY
LOOK I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT I DON'T UNDERSTAND MYSELF BUT I CRAVE CONSTANT STIMULATION AND WHEN I AM NOT STIMULATED I BEGIN TO CRAVE OBLIVION
I WANT LIFE TO BE VITAL AND THRILLING AT ALL TIMES I DO NOT HAVE PATIENCE I WILL BE DEAD ONE DAY THIS IS WHY I AM IRONICALLY SUICIDAL
probably have had way too much coffee and should go for a walk to cool off, buddy boy
when the sex is right, that's the way I feel: astonishment before the altar of fecundity, of creation, communion, pleasure, transcendence
put happy and sad in the fucking trashcan and give me all the AWESTRUCK WONDER you've got, baby
basically I hate being happy and being sad, it's all still just that wild Being feeling
Spirituality Factories, Tomorrow's Promise, the Sky Cloud Path, the Four Petals of the Dying Sunflowers, the Mind Circled Back Upon Itself
thinking about flowers, pho, freedom, clouds, 'Eraserhead,' spirituality, factories, God, time, clarinets, cartoon, sound, effects, fucking
the nowness of now is too much now sometimes most times really (it's terrifying why do I do this)
earlier today, I thought to myself, "instead of 'having a panic attack' I'm going to start saying 'got a case of the stranges' instead."
*sees a tweet that's not mine* get outta here with that
i don't know, writing tweets meant to entertain or earn favs / rts bores the shit out of me and my own confusion fascinates me so
please don't kiss me try to avoid kissing me
my tweets are the truly good shit, they are real &amp; they are poignant, but this does not negate the fact that I am, at best, perhaps mediocre
think I am dying from this coffee but can't be sure
i am tweet
if you're not absolutely amazed by space why not
frozen water was found on the surface, which is incredible given Mercury's proximity to the sun. so cool.
hey, new Tallest Man album is streaming over on @NPR and it's really nice 
hey so @NASA has given humankind images of the surface of Mercury &amp; they are astonishingly beautiful &amp; awesome 
please do yourself a favor and Google the word "askew"
irises have blossomed 
I never wanted you
made steak &amp; now am drinking a Rochefort 6 &amp; watching the Phils
listening to Lady Lamb is giving me strength tonight 
bought myself some Rochefort &amp; groceries &amp; listened to Neil Young &amp; Pinback &amp; cleaned &amp; looked at flowers &amp; am about to cook a NY Strip
sunflowers &amp; iris (blooms soon) 
@teddybIess this one, too. hope peace finds you. thank you for sharing. it helps knowing I'm not alone. 
@teddybIess hi. I saw you have been struggling with anxiety, too, &amp; thought I'd share this song. makes me feel calm. 
I'll keep going if you do. 
please, mercy. 
struggling
this makes me see a pond in forest, sunbeams falling from the canopy &amp; illuminating the whole clearing 
David Bazan sees something in this life &amp; that makes me feel
can't even cry there's nothing left of me
this is not a human being, this is not a man, this is a broken nothing in a collapsing soft structure, this is a refraction of chaos singing
release me release me release me release me release me release me release me release me release me release me release me release me release
just repeating "baby I was fakin' the whole time" over &amp; over as my mantra
just listening to this over &amp; over until I fall asleep 
@insuperlative sorry, I missed this earlier. thank you for paying me heed, fellow alien monster.
someone hold me while I cry &amp; paint my nails, they've fallen into disrepair I'm afraid
the sound of people existing is bothering me, their movement. every moment feels like glass, every moment feels like shattering.
something feels like it's ending in me
the energy in the Universe has been extremely dark &amp; painful the past few days &amp; we need a break
@Horse_Crimes I know you do, bud, and I believe that you will get them. I believe in you.
@ineveningair13 I never feel it, really. never in a sincere way. sometimes I lie to myself &amp; pretend that I do, hoping they'll take root.
@ineveningair13 none of them feel as though they reside in me
@Horse_Crimes I'm with you wherever it goes, however long.
at least I think I do, at least right now that's how I feel, it'll be something else ten seconds from now ((my hands are shaking badly))
&amp; now I'm on the verge of sobbing at my desk &amp; I'm shaking &amp; don't want to feel so ashamed &amp; humiliated. I want to be strong &amp; good &amp; loving
it's incredibly scary &amp; lonely &amp; confusing &amp; painful &amp; I don't know how to do it &amp; the only true things I say are 'I'm sorry' &amp; 'I love you'
there are people in my life who seem to love me, though I can't fathom how or why, and I believe them when they say they'd miss me.
my existence now consists of trying desperately to pay the piper, to provide some sort of account, or manufacture a reason, to keep going.
that experience damaged me. that year. in a way I will always feel the way I did during those days. I will always be that alone &amp; scared.
at that time, I was chemically dependent on Xanax, which was prescribed by my psychiatrist. I'd been on it for close to five years, then.
most days felt literally exactly the same. rarely went outside. barely ate. my mind pressed well beyond the limits of daily consciousness.
I spent my 25th year living alone in an apartment my parents paid for, w/o a job or purpose, smoking marijuana all day, drinking all night.
the only thing that interests me is spiraling down. this is how I feel most of the time. even when I feel okay, I am interested in darkness.
speaking to people is painful. I don't have any interest in going to the grocery store. the beer i have in my fridge is older than I'd like.
everything in my life feels useless &amp; far away from whatever it is that I am.
books seem useless to me at this point. I begin reading one, then feel lost within five minutes, set it down, &amp; resuming sitting quietly.
@insuperlative same
want to cry and lie down
you know that part in 'Holland, 1945' when Jeff sings, "In empty rings around your heart, the world just screams and falls apart"? same.
feeling sick &amp; scared at all times, except when I've had alcohol &amp; am sitting alone in my bedroom, listening to records &amp; tweeting about it.
I'm in emotional pain nearly constantly. Solutions evade me.
birds envy our inability to fly
You will hurt my feelings if you unfollow me, but I won't resent you for it. I understand and I respect it. You needn't stick around.
I am bad for people and people are bad for me.
delete my idiot mind
why do I have thoughts or opinions on anything? my favorite philosopher is the sky and clouds.
HERE'S THE REALEST SHIT YOU'LL EVER READ: THEY'VE ALL BEEN, ALL ARE, ALL WILL BE, AS EVER, NOW AND THEN, FULL OF SHIT. LISTEN TO YOURSELF.
sometimes I forget that it's not just me who's full of shit it's everyone so I start reading people's words, thinking them wise.
couple this with the hatred I feel for my daily circumstances &amp; ya got yourself a nice recipe for the sharp crack of the existential bolt.
the morning had already been fraught with dread, &amp; small calamities had accrued to gently nudge me in the direction of, "oh, fuck this."
this revelation struck amidst a sea of traffic, which siphoned the flow of vehicles into one lane at the foot of the Ben Franklin.
this morning it occurred to me that fear, anxiety, stress, &amp; panic do physical violence to my ego. it's physically painful to experience!
will drink another cup soon. can already feel the panic beginning to rise like a tide of dread in my body. don't understand what I am Ha Ha.
despite this, or perhaps because of it, I continue to incorporate the substance into my morning routine. keeps me good &amp; scared of the void!
coffee daily gives me fits of existential confusion, which undulate like waves through my body, cresting in sharp spikes of panic: breaking.
at this point, 11:01 am, I have had a small cup of some extremely powerful coffee, a substance to which I am very sensitive.
I say this with lucid knowledge that my coffee thermos's lid, which I unscrew several times each morning, produces a horrible squeal.
just the sound of crackers or chips or anything crunchy being poured into a plastic bowl is enough to fill my soul with darkness &amp; rage.
the agitation it stirs in me is completely baseless &amp; nonsensical, I understand this, but the understanding does nothing to negate the anger
few things in this life cut more quickly or deeply to the core of my ire than human beings crunching food in their mouths.
my only friend at work is eating crackers or chips very slowly &amp; it's taking a herculean effort on my part not to hate her for it right now.
I'm having a rough go of it currently, and I don't know what to do, if anything.
when existing, I like to talk about myself and my problems, but not really with people, more at people.
when overwhelmed, I like to talk about myself and my problems
the universe is trying its best to break us
@maisietkinks I think you'll never understand because you're compassionate and respect human dignity and the right to live.
what's happening isn't about an endgame, it's about having reached &amp; been shoved across a breaking point.
those saying they understand black frustration but do not understand "what the rioters hope to accomplish" fundamentally misunderstand.
what happens when one is physically incapable of faking it any longer?
listening to David Bazan and am drunk and wanting to kiss
@SW0O0N me
pet me
@ineveningair13 goddam 
@stolenwater seriously though 
@hawksley I'm sorry, Shea. you're really lovely and sweet and I wish I could take your fear from you and throw it in the river.
@stolenwater "were... were you just sobbing in that men's room, homie???"
@eddie_glavin @Are_Kelly pal i can't do the sort of living you're askin for and Are Kelly will destroy you 
holy shit I always forget how good James Blackshaw is damb he's so good
@hawksley ily and you can tell me what is making you scare I will protect you
wow I have had some alcohols and I am feeling pretty alcoholed
@eddie_glavin @Are_Kelly are kelly don't fuck in 2015 bub
kill me
mental illness is believing that life has a purpose, that one's actions are meaingful
the illusion of coherence is the worst thing that's ever happened to us
the human species is a collective sickness
THE ONLY TRUTH IN THIS WORLD IS SELF-DESTRUCTION
YOUR SELF-LOVE IS GROSS
FUCK IT AND FUCK ALL OF YOU SELFISH, SELF-DECEIVING FUCKS
rather be dead
the onion is bad
I'm cynical &amp; think the world is bad, but Jesus Christ, this shit needs to change. It needs to stop. Everyone deserves to be safe &amp; free.
I hope these protests awake something in people &amp; show them that black people are tired of being targeted &amp; murdered.
Yeah, I know I'm being a hypocrite by "lecturing," but it's just something that's on my mind as a person. I can't imagine the pain.
I feel for the oppressed, the marginalized, the abused. Everyone in this country needs to stand with black people against police brutality.
I can't pretend to be a saint, nor free of prejudice, as much as I'd like to be, but I can tell you that I feel for the folks in Baltimore.
if you are looking at what's happening in Baltimore &amp; thinking in any, way, shape or form, "Shame on them," you've MISSED THE FUCKING POINT
if you're compelled to blame the oppressed, victimized, or abused for their persecution, torture, &amp; destruction, you've missed the point
if criticizing black people for lashing out in fear, rage, exhaustion &amp; hopelessness is crossing your mind, you've missed the point entirely
if you're talking about looting instead of murder you've missed the point entirely
thinking about suicide
no one cares about me, I'm going to go get drunker and listen to Slint alone
since about 5:00 I've had like 5 beers &amp; argued with my roommates about Baltimore even though I'd rather be just quiet &amp; alone
@castinemachine your voice is very pretty and good
not you though
you're probably stupid
almost just shared an opinion
everything is bad
genuinely curious as to how I make anyone's life better &amp; why anyone wants me to stay around I am a miserable selfish fuck &amp; I hate trying.
mostly I feel stupid because I am stupid, though
now I feel stupid because I read the words of some people with intellects sharper than broken glass
why
this is the only thing
yup
Nietzsche Wasn't Driven Insane, He's The Only Person Who's Ever Responded Accurately To Existence ! ! !
WHAT THE FUCK AM I WHAT ARE WORDS WHAT ARE TWEETS WHAT IS LOVE WHAT IS THE UNIVERSE WHAT IS TIME WHAT IS SPACE WHAT IS NOTHINGNESS WHAT IS
these word clouds are making "me" "feel" "terrified" and "sick" Ha Ha !
what if "i" tried to just sit still until the ghost part went away back into the empty nothing thing ?
what if we are just movies arising from chemicals moving around ?
i'm a disembodied ghost thing that sort of maybe lives in a bone cave filled by a wrinkled mush lump
life has driven me mad
so, it's like, Mostly I Realize That I Should Go But I Lay Myself Out On The Line With Sincerity Once In A While Hoping You'll Love Me Ha Ha
the problem is that, uh, I Agree With You That I Am Not Worth Your Time And That's Subconsciously Why I Respect You And Think You're Cool
one thing is that I hate admiring people who haven't the time of day for me, I Hate It And I Wish I'd the Self-Respect To Stop
the thought "what if I weren't alive anymore?" just slipped through my thought chamber and now I can't stop laughing at my desk
hi, super fun, affable, lovable human being over here how are you what's going on how's it hanging what's the good word what's the 411 where
"we've got money, we've got power, and we want more of it. we've already flushed the toilet on the species, so we as well enjoy the swirl."
"fuck nature, fuck poor people, fuck women, fuck homosexuals, fuck transgender people, fuck the infirm, the sick, the broken, fuck it all"
competition for the entertainment of the demigods resting atop their own little world which they built upon scorn for the suffering of many
cruelty, avarice, greed, ruthlessness, hatred, suspicion, living through ridicule &amp; subjugation, living behind a veil of irony &amp; sarcasm. <OK HAND SIGN>🏼
My energy levels are naturally v low &amp; being forced to wade through the currents of rivers of bullshit leaves me enough to cling to the bank
I don't want to kill myself, but I don't want to live in this shit world that idiot people have created. For what jobs does that qualify me?
I've never found a reason to live, only a reason not to die.
this, but also, the converse is true: "I only have the energy to keep saying 'no,' is basically my life" @castinemachine
going to get "you'll hate me, too" tattooed across my back
this is me happy &amp; it's bc I've got a belly full of pho &amp; whiskey &amp; I'm in my bed with a totally unrealistic, nostalgic film playing
happiness is for me denying the world
capitalism is depression fuel
@Are_Kelly this one 
now I've *really* come full-circle: I Don't Fucking Know.
what can it mean to respond to sadness by acquiescing it vs. respond to it by acknowledging it, but letting go? how is it meaningful?
what can it mean to respond to the crushing alienation, meaninglessness, &amp; hopelessness of existence by being happy instead of desolate?
Maybe this comes full circle in that I see"coping" as "lying." As not being fully human. As dismissing half my nature. Or more than half.
Or, rather, how to accept placidly those circumstances that currently send me into depressed states. How to "cope" &amp; let go of bad feelings.
Maybe I don't know how to be happy. I don't know how to accept the tenuous nature of that state of being. Don't know how not to be hurt.
maybe feeling some sort of vindication in my worldview is the only thing that keeps me from self-loathing so profound that I'd lose to it.
maybe being sickened by happiness is my way of feeling superior to happy people because if I simply envied them, I'd be lost in true despair
maybe regarding happy people as liars is a way of preventing myself from seeing clearly just how reprehensible I really am.
maybe it's just my way of accepting that I am a person with low levels of energy. there are things I'd maybe like to do, but I dismiss them.
perhaps, given that I view happiness as a logical impossibility in an Absurd existence, along with hope, I view happy people as liars.
this is not to say that I am necessarily correct, it's just a lucid observation of my tendencies &amp; suspicions. it's self-reporting.
when a person seems to be living a happy life, to be interested, engaged, &amp; fulfilled, I instinctively begin to wonder how they've forgotten
if I'm being completely honest, I think there's something in me that regards happy people as disgustingly gaudy &amp; hollow; as smug.
don't worry I passed out well ahead of this touching moment
have had whiskey I'm sorry y'all
@Are_Kelly I don't think so either, but could see you rocking the mink and car. Also the scowl.
pretty sure this is @Are_Kelly but for the fact that she'd be driving that whip 
Don't know if I can handle Chaz crying in the ambulance as Royal dies.
I'm crying because of Royal Tennenbaums.
fuck I forgot about "Look At Me" and all the goddamn hidden pain in this film
nostalgia killing the boy 
watching Tennenbuams and getting worked up
that comic is beautiful
the bus (Paul Kirchner) ca. 1979 - 1985 
the bus (Paul Kirchner) ca. 1979 - 1985 
@Horse_Crimes @castinemachine @teddybIess these are my favorite pickles &amp; also some cool pickle #facts 

@ineveningair13 you'd probably like this Mount Eerie album 
replying to this tweet so that you'll look at my nude chest
still happening
day's gently dying here in Philly. 
@Are_Kelly who cares what it does
I am exhaust 
@ineveningair13 STF are my Dad's initials mine are PSF
motherfucker look like a cave, man.
always forget that I am an ugly then I see me and bam
the bus (Paul Kirchner) ca. 1979 - 1985 
the bus (Paul Kirchner) ca. 1979 - 1985 
the bus (Paul Kirchner) ca. 1979 - 1985 
the bus (Paul Kirchner) ca. 1979 - 1985 
boy whom just put four IPAs in the freezer hey hi
@castinemachine ily you're beautiful
it's all happening 
@Horse_Crimes I love Yeezy so much. So much. Can't wait for his record this year, man.
@Horse_Crimes <NAIL POLISH>🏼<SKULL><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼
@Horse_Crimes don't let that nerd condescend you
@atragedyoflove my favorite type of cannon
@Horse_Crimes fuck.
@atragedyoflove I tried to retweet because it was a good one
*looks at sky* I want to be in you.
@angrymolar yeah, you are a Chill so that turtle is lucky to have seen you, imo
@angrymolar the turtle is big and would frighten me were I nearer it
might watch "Eraserhead" might just sit still and let the Universe happen through me
@ineveningair13 @castinemachine uh huh
There's no I. There's no reason or coherence. These words aren't me. I'm not me. Birds are chirping outside. Everything is happening.
I am a pretty boy and a lover. Throw flowers on my body. Kiss my palms and temples. Tell me about my hair, about its softness. Hello.
@castinemachine @nectarinegoth I'm also a sweater-wearer and this is so on-point
@ineveningair13 you
lol

hanging out with a girl and she's ignoring Rushmore in favor of texting nonstop and this is it
Weedy killing it on Twitter as usual an I'm just shaking my head like, "Yup." 
@darth__mouth yo holy shit I love you
@sadhugs holy shit David you need to keep giving me music recs this is FIRE
@sadhugs me too, man. also Real Estate are from NJ. and Cymbals Eat Guitars. I am fucking obsessed with CEG. 
@sadhugs Yeah! NEW JERSEY !!!! 
@totallymoon 
@st_christophr 
@veryspooky_ TELL HER IT HUMBLES US &amp; TEACHES US THE VALUE OF AWE
ribeye &amp; Dad Hop Juice 
the flowers are slowly dying, just like you, just like me 
good boy bad boy me 
@tristanreveur I hate the general incapacity to be sincere, straightforward, honest, and vulnerable.
@tristanreveur I don't hate irony in itself, just the levels to which it dominates conversation and attitudes in our society.
@abeerfartloud @totallymoon the ghost of poop and pee pee
@abeerfartloud @totallymoon good face Abbeer
@totallymoon all for face and face for all
@totallymoon I like to face.
@totallymoon 
you are god
sometimes it fees as though maybe this is all leading someplace but
tried to read some of "Myth of Sisyphus" but words weren't reaching my mind. there's too much existence going on. strange, strange, strange.
cars moving. white clouds like brushstrokes against the bright azure sky. people buying drugs. decaying structures. time moving through all.
today I walked outside for a few minutes and decided that everything is really fucking weird
maybe I've been Tweeting a lot because I'm lonely and the essence of existence is emptiness
check out their specials 
titty art on Girard 
I enjoy the times when I don't feel like being dead. Also, supporting &amp; cheering on the cool people I've met in life. This has been a Tweet.
@Are_Kelly congratulations!!! this is awesome.
just ate scrambled eggs, two avocados, and about a pound of lump blue-claw crabmeat and this day's looking a hell of a lot rosier from here.
anxiety like waiting for time to snap back in my face, one massively overstretched rubber band crashing in on me finally, the stars smiling.
@SW0O0N the middle finger at the end was aimed at the rest of the world &amp; at mistakes, it was a display of solidarity with you. ily.
@ineveningair13 dismember! dismember! 
@SW0O0N hi here this is for you know I love you always you're awesome (sorry for being bad at singing &amp; memory) 
good morning this is my mood 
goddamn it's not even noon and I miss Elliott Smith
life lights the way to love: yes it all ends badly &amp; y're going to lose everything but what else is there &amp; why not enjoy it while it lasts?

MANY TIMES I'VE WONDERED HOW MUCH THERE IS TO KNOOOOOWWWWW
slugged two fingers of whiskey at 4:00 am and now I'm listening to my Dad's copy of "Houses of the Holy" on my record player and what the fu
yeah, I need to bail on this. fuck it.
lambthroat tweeted abt no one caring how much you don't care, but like also no one cares abt how much you *do* care &amp; like no one *cares* .
why do like any of you follow me you probably have me muted right or my tweets are just that bad fuck it I should jump off a fuckin bridge
everything's quavering what is this bullshit thrumming
let me fuck you up
listening to Neutral Milk Hotel like the good white hipster boy I am &amp; and getting fucked up by all the pretty girls 
another beer it is, Patrick. another beer it is. (oh cool, train passing in the distance. cool. you're alone for the duration, 'til death.)
always strikes me as beyond strange. owning an animal that exists just to keep you company. whatever. who cares, we all die.
seems weird to be so upset about animals while people are out there needing love &amp; life essentials &amp; you are buying dog food / kitty litter.
like, I get the whole chain of being thing, but there are people, you know human people with real thoughts &amp; feelings, starving to death.
but we don't freak out on people for owning like 35 cats &amp; spending absurd amounts of money &amp; time &amp; life on them. it's fucking weird.
meat sustains human life. many people can't choose to be vegetarian or vegan because they eat what they have to to survive.
like, the whole dog &amp; cat routine probably causes a proximal amount of unnecessary suffering &amp; death for animals as the meat industry.
why is it weird to eat animals but not to like, breed them into new forms to keep us company &amp; project our emotions onto them?
if you have a hemorrhoid or have recently shit yourself, girl, pls talk to me about that. or how you hate sex. anything but yr pet.
my chart is actually just the x axis, tho. i don't fucking care about your cat or dog or lizard or bird or snake or fish or frog or bat or
twitter makes me think about this more than I'd like 
my advice is get the hell away because holy shit what a mess lol
be my friend for real or get the hell away from me you goddamn animals
life is definitely good &amp; not at all a nightmarish fucking lucidly surreal hellscape yup
my nose is crooked because a monster &amp; rapist beat the shit out of me at 3:00 am after I first kissed my ex whom he thought was his property
i hate all boyfriends and husbands
stop tweeting and fuck me 
@castinemachine my take on a aquarius is: bad sad fuck boy
think I have fucking googly eyes one of my eyes always looks off to me
@castinemachine aquarius (i'm a drunk babe listening to Slint alone) 
@castinemachine I'm the water thing
I feel like y'all maybe forgot about Bobby 
in a horrible mood and sick of the phony, unfriendly fucks
i'm not reaching out to anyone anymore
@sadhugs hi David you're good and cool <BLUE HEART>
@tristanreveur want <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
@ConorTripler I love you, don't hurt me bb
@ConorTripler how dare you indirectly hurt my feelings Conor 
@sallyelegant sometimes we all need the heroism of people like me to cross the t's and dot the lower case j's, Sal. just a day in my life.
@sallyelegant right over the plate and out of the damb park 
@sallyelegant you should be mean to me, it feels good to have mean
@xcaseymitchell don't get me wrong, kids are idiots too. so are animals. &amp; rocks &amp; even trees (sorry trees.) everything is idiots. not you.
@xcaseymitchell it's good, though. adults are idiots.
@patron_sailor binder. turned those suckers into meatball burgers. very tender &amp; cohesive! burgers topped with egg &amp; avocado, though... <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼<HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
the coffee I had this morning may or may not have been exceedingly strong // I may or may not be blossoming // I love you guys a lot
overturn the whole fucking thing and do it your way, I trust you, I trust the rebellion in your eyes, make it new
the world needs more people who rend expectations to tatters, who bend the universe to them and shape life to their singular vision
the world needs more rock and roll hearts, more wild and free souls, more phoenixes with zero tolerance for horseshit and contrivance
so when I actually remember nice things, they seem sort of mystical or holy in my mind. it's very strange being me.
my memory is so fucked up. it's hard for me to recall things when I need to, and I often feel stranded with my feelings in the present.
need memories to live, need to remember the good times during the bad ones. need to remember nice things, nice people, nice feelings.
this song saved me from some self-destructive impulses on some bleak nights in college, ca. 2008 - 2009 
there's a Japanese proverb that I think about here &amp; there: "Fall down seven times, and stand up eight."
@effIuences it helps to know one's not alone, it really fucking helps. thank you for being honest.
some of y'all are so strong &amp; brave &amp; it's really fucking heartening, you have to know. I see you fighting &amp; I want to keep doing it, too.
@effIuences thank you for them, though. especially that last one. sorry that you were ever subjected to disprespect &amp; cruelty.
sometimes people bum me out but also they've literally saved my life many times over so that's basically it isn't it
sometimes I hate myself but I love myself through it all I think I don't know I'm still here confused and breathing
just sneezed &amp; no one heard it so I whispered "bless you, Pat" &amp; then whispered "thank you" have a nice Friday you beautiful humans
@Are_Kelly holy shit. this is like a postcard, Emily.
bought myself a bag of @LaColombeCoffee Esmeralda Boquete yesterday. brewed a batch w my Chemex this morn. sublime. 
here's a really cool interview w @PWElverum about the local food scene in Anacortes, among other things 
@patron_sailor wow. this is amazing! thanks, dude. eggs are the blood cells of cooking. so versatile. used one in burgers the other night.
@patron_sailor but not nearly as good as eggs hand picked from friends' hens. if I'm ever in RI, I'm stopping at your place for some eggs!
@patron_sailor that's amazing, &amp; I'm incredibly envious. we have this service called Harvest Local that sources from local farms. p good.
@patron_sailor and let me tell you something: it's as delicious as it sounds. if you try the leaf lard, let me know how it turns out.
@patron_sailor I avoid dairy due to acne, but I would probably use butter, too. I've saved rendered bacon fat &amp; used that before...
@patron_sailor tallow makes the richest, heartiest scrambled eggs I've ever tasted. I also use organic, pastured eggs. yolks are beautiful.
@patron_sailor what kind of fat do you use for scrambled eggs? I've been using grass-fed beef tallow, duck fat, or coconut oil.
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Smog (174), Death Cab for Cutie (49) &amp; Tal National (24) 
*notices someone caring about a thing* oh shit here we go
remember that Twitter is a joke before you start an argument with someone on this thing or anywhere else lol
pull a beer tab up so that it's easy to grasp, cover can with a folded dish towel, crack fully. homie, you got yourself a beer silencer. <CLINKING BEER MUGS>
In The Town of Fish 
@veryspooky_ yeah, I go by this ethos for food, too.
@veryspooky_ wear the same two or three outfits to work every day. corduroys and sweater.
@veryspooky_ this is literally what I do. I have two pairs of pants. five under wears. only offender is t shirts.
Sex: Unstable As Fuck
*shrugs* well.
12:20 am on Thursday morning
9:15 am on a Wednesday
vibin' on that void grind (oh sweet nuthin') 
my true passion is being the last person to accept a new trend or fad to be the person that suddenly shoves the thing off its rails
seen a goose today just sittin in the grass and I'm like hey get a fuckin job pal
@veryspooky_ this is a tall order, but I care about music and food I think
don't know if there's a more perfect weird twitter anthem 
things getting fruity on thursday afternoon twitter all kinds of fruit talk and stuff yeah fruit
@Are_Kelly you may think pear a strange lick fruit variety, and you may be right, but they've such a strange almost umami quality. love.
@Are_Kelly licking fruit is truly one of life's underrated delights. citrus is king, but I had a super ripe Bartlett pear yesterday... dope.
squeezed lime into my pho today and will maybe eat grapefruit and orange now when I get back to the home
@Are_Kelly do you eat grapefruit by halving &amp; then cutting each little section? I quarter each half &amp; eat the little triangles like orange.
hell is God pulling apart every motivation for everything you've ever done until it's wispy gossamer taffy, crystalline and transparent
i'm sorry
i don't feel well
existence: how long can you hold out, quivering, until you give in &amp; collapse?
me: "not much longer, no."
please stop affirming life around me, it's making me sick
WANT 
In The Throne Room of Piss &amp; Shit, My True Home (Where I Belong) 
only thing I pondered in the shower, my get-my-dumb-body-dressed // brew-coffee routine, &amp; commute was how to stealth read a book at work.
last night I drank a beer just before closing my eyes to sleep, just for good measure. actually it was this morning because it was 1:00 am.
Emily Dickinson killin it this morn 
we inhabit a meaningless void &amp; die unto darkness yet I'm physically unable to piss into a urinal with a grown man standing next to me.
@flocksea all I know is I'm awful &amp; people all realize it sooner or later
@hawksley yes.
you know how people are all like, "do you."? "be who you are."? that's what I do &amp; then they're like, "oh fuck no."
@hawksley I will concede that you are the exception that proves the rule. Insight is meaningless, but so is action &amp; change, so. ??
@hawksley contrarily, this is in fact True.
my new superpower is thinking better of saying anything to anyone.
@deerblanket please call the police
I'm Coop spitting the coffee &amp; also the bucket of rocks.
anyway, this is me right now 
"yes. yes, that is my nature. I'd rather spurn the world humankind has made than join in something I so thoroughly detest. yet I do anyway."
you are lazy, cynical, cowardly, &amp; entitled. you love wallowing in it though, you fucking pig. you love the dirt of your sadness, don't you?
you pretend to be working out your issues, but the truth is that you just want to be comforted. you just want pleasure without effort.
no one cares about you, Patrick. you are an abject horror &amp; you upset others. your awareness of your flaws does not incite you to change.
the funniest joke on this website is when people say ily to me, or pretend that they care about me
goodnight sweet liars &amp; fakes 
going to think about you while my consciousness shuts down for a few hours
please cum over &amp; touch my fucking skin 
@castinemachine ily
what the fuck @okruano321
wish I weren't such a selfish, shitty impulse cloud with an insatiable libido &amp; propensity for alcohol &amp; sad music 
jesus goddamn I ought to put myself to bed this is too much
anyway, I'll fuck you better than he ever has or will
she'd hear floorboards creak as he passed their bedroom, sometimes at 3 or 4 am, &amp; get up to go sit with him &amp; talk to him bc she loved him.
he'd been depressed for years. he used to have trouble sleeping &amp; get up to eat cereal in the kitchen. his mom would go sit &amp; talk to him.
she said the first thing she saw were his long, pale legs. he was lying perpendicularly across his bed.
listening to "Pink Moon" &amp; thinking about how Nick Drake's mother found his dead body sprawled across his little twin bed. he was 26.
sorry I'm so human you see me as inhuman, you goddamn actors
drunk, lying in bed, dreading sleep, dreading awaking in the morning, dreading work, dreading death, just wanting some warmth atop my chest
romance is disgusting, fucking is beautiful, death is forever
let's all stop being babies about wanting to fuck each other and say it like the goddamn doomed souls we are
time isn't real and I want to fuck
when you cut through all the rhetoric there're just feelings and fucking and dying
thought better of saying anything to someone
@veryspooky_ hahaha. The National are beautiful, for sure. check this out, though: 
@veryspooky_ do you know them? they're absurdly beautiful.
my suspicion is that we're all selfish narcissists who know that it's gauche // counter to our aims to admit as much.
why do we want thousands of people to listen to us, yet only want to listen to a few ourselves? what are we doing on this website?
why do we care about favs and retweets and attention? why do we post selfies seeking others' reassurance and approval? why can't we just be?
most of us are shitty people, I'm just honest about myself
shit art from a shit person 
@ConorTripler happy birthday Conor. I love you, buddy. keep killing this life for many more healthy, happy years. <VICTORY HAND>🏼<SUNFLOWER> 
yes, I hate myself. but, I have reasons. I am a principled self-loather.
one thing about getting older is that my body cracks all the time?
sun: *shining*
me: give me more energy.
sun: fuck you, dude.
just passed through a dark passage of my soul and boy does my third eye smart!
dog steal tractor 
@veryspooky_ me? have you seen that photo, bub? I was caught unawares! It's like walking outside at night &amp; seeing a blood-orange full moon.
@ineveningair13 I don't like myself &amp; I don't expect others to like me either. All the positivity &amp; self-love earlier in the year was hollow
my broken self is full of contradiction, and I realize that much of this account is likely obnoxious to those who follow me and I'm sorry.
this is making me so happy, it's wonderful 
I might just be high on coffee or insane, but I feel like I've had a breakthrough.
((I meant devalued, not invaluable, here, but I was on a roll &amp; am highly caffeinated.))
I'd much rather have women's respect &amp; friendship &amp; not have sex than the opposite. That's what I've learned about myself. Okay, I'm tired.
@abeerfartloud get 'em, Abeer.
if you're sad, if you're selfish, if you're not motivated to love by a sense of joy for &amp; desire to see a woman's success, keep to yourself!
@ineveningair13 I love you, you're a damn ray of sunshine in this world. Keep doing you. I respect you a lot.
so many men take it as a given that they must have sex, or have a girlfriend, or fiancé, or wife. most are incapable of this!
if we taught boys the same, to know their natures &amp; be honest, &amp; that life is okay without possessing a woman as a trophy, things'd improve.
realizing my nature &amp; sparing women from it is literally the kindest, most loving thing I can do with my life. I'm not entitled to women.
plus, there are more films &amp; paintings to see, books to read, music to hear, places to be experienced, etc. than I can do in a lifetime.
loneliness is bad, sure. it hurts. it doesn't matter, though. conversation is an invaluable commodity; it's available all over the place.
I've not the desire, nor motivation, nor energy to mold myself into a lovable man, so I will live my life the way I want &amp; forgo it.
@ineveningair13 I respect no one's beliefs nor opinions and I expect the same courtesy in return.
fuck, Tal National are amazing. this record is brilliant and beautiful.
wow this is cool 
*hands up emoji* 
@atragedyoflove wass that
@atragedyoflove there's no fun in that, though.
think I'm going to be a born-again non-fucker in 2015, if Are Kelly deems this acceptable
@veryspooky_ I saw this at 4:00 am, Danielle. I was unprepared.
anyway, I'm lost &amp; blind, as always &amp; progress is an illusion
it presents me with yet another source of emptiness, sure, but perhaps I can awaken old interests &amp; broaden / deepen current ones
realizing that I am incompatible for anything resembling a healthy romantic relationship feels like genuine progress, it feels soothing
the desire for intimacy always leads me down the same path toward the same end &amp; I'm tired of taking the first step down it again &amp; again
the best way to appreciate life is to keep to myself &amp; enjoy from afar, enjoy the birdsong in the moment, then move on when it's gone
this morning I lay in my bed just as dawn broke and listened to the birds sing and I felt peaceful
at the point where I don't even get feelings about people anymore
maybe close eyes for one hour more even if not sleep, maybe
just going to get up and shower maybe
I don't know how to do life, is another way of saying this
it's 5:30 am, I have to be awake in an hour and a half and I'm thinking about slugging a shot of whiskey so I can get at least some sleep
@InfinityDolphin I agree.
insomnia was interesting and romantic when I was 20 and invincible and could go days without sleep, but now it's just fucking awful
@InfinityDolphin I think this is true and it's a large part of why I hate myself. Think I need to cut myself out of women's lives.
made the Phils win with my flow
flowing 
okay I will stop talking
@theladypaige hahahaha! come get some ribeye, dude! (ps - bone-in, grill works wonders. <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼)
oh no @theladypaige 
uh oh @theladypaige 
don't forget that yr art is also abt being good to others &amp; making their lives better for yr presence @artbynatejames 
@artbynatejames I love you first and your art second. You're an authentic person and a seeker. Stay weird.
@theladypaige plenty for all. will report back with finished products in case you can't make it down to Philly.
hi LP. bout to hit the grill. @theladypaige 
@sadhugs yo! you'd better come visit me in Philly, David!
apparently I had "Answering The Phone" percolating in my subconscious this morning (I think something's wrong with me) @mountain_goats
Emily Dickinson mood 
where is Weedy right now I wonder what she doing
ripping the 'r' &amp; 'w' out of 'growth' is 'goth'
a sheep in wolf's clothing but nude so just a sheep
abandoning hope is liberating
there's serenity in squaring up to the lack of love in one's future
the coolest fucking coolest part of severe anxiety is no matter how many times I've been through it, it still convinces me I'm about to die.
wrong as usual
@Horse_Crimes pretty cool. yr ideas about mind architecture // labyrinthine structure have sort of osmotically seeped into my subconscious.
my spirit animal is the human being
Twitter for me has just become an interactive memory map, basically. No one should follow this account; it's only going to get worse.
this morning I ripped apart a painting that she'd done, which had been hanging on the line. no ill will for her it was just a shit painting.
good boy, keep to yrself
sometimes I look at the veins in my arms and think about how much blood is pushing through them, just beneath my skin. I carry around blood.


"i hate nostalgia," says the contrarian asshole who fundamentally misunderstands the nature of magic and time travel
first two death cab records above all else
I'm so vein 
fucking really want to DM this girl but
okay so I'm bad okay
you understand that the animal is an idiot and "likes" you because you feed it, right? like, I prefer almost everything to people, so what?
talking about how much you prefer your cat or dog or whatever to people is like thinking "Garden State" is a great movie at 30.
shit fuck fuck 
i'm an idiot &amp; just want to kiss you.
for what it's worth, I'd select either of those beers over any glass or bottle of wine offered to me (beer is superior to wine, sorry)
all of the beers from both monasteries are phenomenal, but Rochefort 8 and Westy 12 are some of the best beers on the planet
the only truly great Trappist ales are Rochefort and Westvleteren
@sadhugs you look like a saint in that pic you posted on Insta, homie
I should have known right then that things were bound to fall apart. Probably did but ignored it because the sex was great.
listening to "A Ghost Is Born," thinking about a woman I saw for a while who preferred 'Handshake Drugs' to 'At Least That's What She Said.'
earth: stfu 
extremely sexual things happening up in here 
@theladypaige @PhillyPhannon <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><TONGUE><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>oh my Godddd
@PhillyPhannon @theladypaige I've used coffee on short ribs in the past. the contrast is definitely interesting. worth a shot in the future?
@theladypaige not sure, did you use a rub @PhillyPhannon ??
*clears throat* my brother smoked some brisket &amp; it's phenomenal @theladypaige 
sometimes I think about, like, what if life weren't an absurd wasteland in which hope is unreasonable? how hot might I become?
despite all the dread disseminated from this account, I remain the handsomest man on Twitter. thank you.
((don't worry I'm still screaming in my heart)) 
hahahaha 
seems nice caring about things, must be nice
@Horse_Crimes try to forget for the brief stretches that I'm able.
@Horse_Crimes trying to explain this to a therapist was a hobby of mine in my early to mid 20s, now I just drink beer &amp; listen to records.
@Horse_Crimes literally exactly the same for me. exactly the same.
my being is fear incarnate, but fear's meaningless, too how is existence not simply a cruel joke to anyone who's awoken and Seen It
connection is illusory and death is a door suddenly yanked open behind you
fuck me like you fucking understand that we are dancing flame in an eddying cloud of dust fuck me like you know we are the dust too
the exhaustion imposed upon me by the relentless, oblique convergence of being and the wailing silence of the void
the acute strangeness of existence, the insistence of my body against the whisper of time, and the sweat on my cold pale palms
this placid grey emptiness fills me with revulsion
dabbler in humanity, avid confusion enthusiast
how can I tweet without tweeting
4/20 I'm Sitting at a Desk and My Hands are Trembling and My Chest Is Heavy Please Get Me Out of Here (An Unspecified "Here")
4/20 I'm a Narcissistic Coward I'm Pretentious I Aspire to Nothing I Live Impulsively I Cry Every Day I'm Confused by Every Fucking Thing
4/20 I Keep Living BC It's All I Know &amp; Sometimes I Get to Drink Beer &amp; Sometimes Listen to Records &amp; Sometimes Fuck, But Mostly BC of Fear
4/20 The Idea of Closing My Eyes and Not Opening Them Again for the Rest of Time Terrifies Me but I'm Really Tired of This Life
4/20 If You Get To Know Me Well Enough You Will Invariably Hate Me
4/20 I Am Perpetually Exhausted And Can Barely Fake My Way Through Most Days
entitled assholes treating servers like shit, laughing at their own jokes, generally thinking they are the stars of the evening. no thanks.
the ambiance of restaurants in general is fucking dreadful: folks competing for loudest conversant &amp; shouting at the top of their lungs
given the option to cook a meal myself at home or go to a restaurant, I'll choose cooking 11/10 times
the idea of having to dress up to go pay exorbitant amounts of money to be served food made by someone who doesn't care fills me with dread
some places are committed to quality ingredients, genuinely care about serving wholesome, delicious food, and cook with love, but not many
there are several exceptions, but by-and-large, I loathe restaurants and "going out for dinner"
falling out of love with me is so easy
mind's been looping that Smog line "most of my fantasies are of making someone else cum" for the past three days &amp; I couldn't be happier tbh
@veryspooky_ I'm listening to "Alligator" and it's still great. Maybe I was just being a drunk contrarian. I own a National tshirt, lol.
why does anxiety feel like my atoms are slowly dissolving and separating
same 
listening to Sonic Youth just ate avocados with fresh salsa verde &amp; Melinda's Hot Sauce drinking Perpetual IPA &amp; fuck everything's vibrating

nails did <NAIL POLISH>🏼 
also I saw some pretty things today (I'm sorry I'm bad, I'm trying.) 
ate pho &amp; was gifted this damb treasure by a cool friend 
how slow can suffering be 
definitely the most unfollowable account 2015
yes, I know I am vain, pretentious, &amp; insufferable, but what if for 10 seconds a photo of me in my undies distracts me from wanting to die?
@ineveningair13 tell me about it. perfect. thank you for being alive.
@ineveningair13 goddamn goddamn 
@ineveningair13 
@ineveningair13 I can always rely on you to shine beauty in my direction. Thank you, Eliana.
fucking is time travel
unwrap the true bird to find the true bird
the true bird has seven skeletons
here's a rare look inside my heart 
twitter is not a fucking game okay
I drank two beers to put myself down and then now here I am awake again and on the Twitter website.
@Amanda_inabox I hope not. That seemed real as fuck from that moment.
i'm going to kill myself one day
here's my home 
i don't tend to them
going to die alone
probably not going to care about your softness
probably going to fuck you and forget you ever existed
@veryspooky_ I know you haven't watched it. But I shouldn't try to convince you of anything. <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
@veryspooky_ this is better than the National 
@veryspooky_ as do I yours. their music is pretty, but it's not heartfelt. it's fake.
@veryspooky_ this is better than anything and everything the National will ever do ever imo 
just listen to Pedro the Lion instead 2015
throwing out my National tshirt 2015
@veryspooky_ they try too hard to be "timeless" and "classic" and their music is boring as a result. just my opinion.
@veryspooky_ all of it. like, the whole sad sack drunk thing is hokey. it's not real. I don't know. I hated them initially &amp; I'm back there.
@veryspooky_ it's so, so true. they are so contrived it's painful.
like, some of their songs are pretty, yeah, but the whole thing is an affectation and it's really kind of boring and gross
the national are faking it and I don't think I like them anymore
this is everything and the only thing 
you're an idiot.
jesus fucking christ 
guess not, just an asshole who will die someday who's listening to Yo La Tengo and pounding two IPAs at 3:00 am
don't care if I'm fucked up, I'm hot
cooler than your dance party asshole 
@theladypaige yo, those sauces were <FIRE><FIRE><FIRE>
homemade tacos w flank, skirt, ribeye, sausage, salsa verde &amp; molé. fresh tortilla from south Philly<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼 @theladypaige 
just sent this snap to a girl I've been seeing in case y're wondering how awful it is to date me 
@theladypaige yallreadyknowit. building up that hunger // thirst.
it's National Record Store Day, so I'm celebrating by listening to the Slint "Spiderland" record (again). 
feet 
right now, even
it's an absolutely beautiful spring day in the city &amp; I'm sitting in a closet typing into a cell phone like an asshole
maybe some people find the emptiness comforting, maybe that's what I'm missing.
listening to Smog again, waiting for a load of towels to dry so that I may commence the daily ritual of washing this body then drying it.
good, also, to know that no one is reading what I'm saying because it's liberating. I'll bet more than half of my followers have muted me.
always good to awake half-drunk at 4:00 am &amp; make yourself weep
@theladypaige I'm so excited by all the steak sitting out on our counter that I forgot to use an apostrophe that's how excited I am
@theladypaige yo, you are going to be so stoked by the pictures I send you this afternoon. we're christening my roommates new grill...
will some of you do this with me? I mean, more Twin Peaks would make life a bit less awful, no? 
also, I'm going to go buy myself some fucking records &amp; we're grilling massive amounts of meat this afternoon because motherfucking YOLO
woke up with a sadness hangover so I brewed a batch of really strong ReAnimator coffee from Peru &amp; now bumping Spoon 
like tarnished gold 
want to know why I'm depressed? really? okay, I'll tell you: because happiness feels like an untenable lie &amp; sadness feels true. that's why.
feeling a mental collapse approaching, which, you know, will beat the excruciating ennui of my moment-to-moment existence.
sometimes I dream of lying down on a bed of dry pine needles and staring at the sky until the life drains from my body and goes.
everyone always abandons me because I am fucked up an sad and no one needs that shit. I guess nor do I want it.
no one will ever love me because romantic love isn't real. my parents are 60 and 56, and once they die, I will be totally adrift.
nothing means anything, I don't care about anything, the only things I like to do are fuck, drink beer, draw, and listen to records.
my life right now is literally a vacillation between sheer despair &amp; debilitating existential anxiety
feeling like death would be pretty okay right now
life gets progressively worse and then we die. cool.
I remember feeling physical pain in my chest listening to this that night. Missing a girl, wanting her with all my being. Worries so narrow.
Jesus Christ, how can anyone not be nostalgic? how can you not miss feeling hopeful &amp; bright &amp; new &amp; infinite like you did as a kid?
the year was 2003. I was driving nortwest to Marlton. I was 17 years old, driving my Dad's old Toyota Avalon. life felt big at that moment.
listening to "Transatlanticism" on my bed, drinking beers to dull it all, &amp; suddenly recalled driving through a toll on the AC Expressway.
@theladypaige that stuff on the right is real as hell. use it every few days. also use the same brand's body wash. it's amazing.
why do I desire your attention and affection? please, rid me of desire. let me be perfectly empty &amp; my atoms spread far apart.
I still think about him &amp; wonder what happened to him. how am I to make sense of this story? life fucks us up, all. some worse than others.
@stolenwater that's a good one
me every waking moment of my fucked up life 
want to know why I'm depressed? really? okay, I'll tell you: because the blind stupid Universe dumped us here all alone &amp; empty. that's why.
interested in calmly dissolving my personality and living in egoless void space
stop the world and melt with me 
the tides are the only metaphor. the day and night are the only metaphor, too. the circle contains the heart of God. contains Her love.
Someday the entirety of the world will simply vanish from me.
I don't understand.
nothing fulfills me
has anyone ever killed themselves by drinking coffee until their body shattered?
what if wind warped the bridge by bending the light 
what if we all just sat still and shut up instead of everything else we do 
Chicago Twitter, pls adopt me thanks
keep fighting 
@ineveningair13 just a lifelong walk to the saaaaame exact spot
@angrymolar @ineveningair13 "The room was dimply lit."
yo the sky flirting with me 
the cum trees blooming oh yeah it wild here 
shit getting mystical on a Friday afternoon 
can't stop laughing at a silly word, can't stop scorning the bad Things, and this song comes on and I'm just like 
@artbynatejames Love you, Nate. Take care of yourself, good buddy.
me reading yr tweets 
it's occurred to me that I likely court terror as means of circumventing boredom. hmm.
oh hell yeah, this the good stuff
will probably wind up listening to Slint on the ride home &amp; probably once I get home &amp; will dream up some self-sabotage for next week
been courting another complete emotional collapse p hard these past two months, imo
@angrymolar @ineveningair13 the both of y'all are calming presences in my life.
my tweets aren't paid enough attention, you say? *aims inquiry at mind* let's burn the whole fucking thing to ruin, you say? *acquiesces*
change my mind roughly every three seconds
yes, yes. 
Smog's "Dongs of Sevotion" keeping me company &amp; my thoughts take strange twists &amp; I fear them &amp; I don't want to be afraid anymore
help me understand why pain
tweet like I'm the only person in the world
fuck everything always
you'd painted your nails &amp; I'd said "Robin's egg blue" &amp; you'd said "Almost" &amp; we sang punk songs into the air on the drive down to Delaware
there was no art in the way you shook beneath me there was no art in the slope of your sides, the roundness of your ribcage, in the rainfall
these are *my* hands. this is *my* body. this blood will one day run to the sea, but until then, it beats its lively path through me.
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Sufjan Stevens (73), Nirvana (54) &amp; Smog (45) 
Jesus God, I exist.
I take selfies because no one in my life takes pictures of me.
body is thrumming again, need another beer
@ineveningair13 y'all are so beautiful together and I love this
hello hi @theladypaige 

the other day I sent my Dad a text telling him that the only thing I want to do in life is create art and he sent back the smiling poop
*sits in lotus positions* *chants* fight back fight back fight back fight back fight back fight back fight back fight back fight back fight
The Who destroying televisions was a good thing Hendrix setting his guitar aflame was a good thing Ozzy biting a bat's head off was a good t
fuck this life I'm living I'm buying a Strat quitting my job starting a punk band fuck it fuck it all to hell let's make noise before we die
you gave up on me because of my predilection for giving up
PUT | FUCK YOU | ON MY TOMBSTONE
I DON'T UNDERSTAND MYSELF PLEASE GODDAMNIT PLEASE GIVE ME CLARITY GIVE ME SERENITY GIVE ME COURAGE PLEASE DON'T HATE ME PLEASE I'M TRYING
my favorite is when others trivialize my sincere outpouring of suffering with jokes that's the good stuff distance from pain with humor
@coolgothsweater same. but we both know that's not an option, don't we?
today a leaf rustling across bricks startled me
more interested in black holes than I've ever been in a person
@coolgothsweater hi Adam. it's okay to feel this way, even though it feels badly. I saw Neutral Milk Hotel last night. it was good &amp; neat.
seems like I might die one day or something
why does love feel so good and why
@puppetdidi @nintendocashbox my currency is confusion. today I saw clouds and flowers.
*holds hand to ear like phone* Yes, that's right. You heard right. I want all the friends. All of them. *sets hand phone down on leg gently*
@nintendocashbox @puppetdidi i want to be your friends
and yesterday we talked and you told me about the way your teeth abandoned you and
@puppetdidi @nintendocashbox pls be gentle with these, they are razor sharp &amp; the Beauty cuts deep thanks
me 
there are some people on this website that I want to follow me &amp; whom I'd like to be my friend, but that's just the way things go. okay.
@hawksley @puppetdidi @nintendocashbox um yes, please. will do now. you're making me have feels....
@puppetdidi @hawksley @nintendocashbox I like to imagine that it's chill outside in that outside, but hot in that warm mug
@hawksley @puppetdidi @nintendocashbox want homemade mug this is lovely and good
@tristanreveur omg this is great
@patron_sailor this is very plausible. when confrontation presents itself, my heart starts racing &amp; I begin feeling anxious.
treat yrself to that here &amp; there. really. focus on that feeling. the resiliency with which it fills your heart. that's it. the whole thing.
from time to time: cut the shit, cut the worrying, cut the doubt &amp; the fear &amp; the self-loathing, &amp; focus your whole being on Love.
text this to people you love: "I love you."
I only want to love and reflect the beauty,
all the beauty like those stars and that one star,
that floats above me, some pale apparition
my heart is so scared all of the time and I only want to love,
what the fuck even is courage but give me some
@darth__mouth same
need to do sleep, shit
@nickdiLuzio @nataliejmooney it's okay to dislike it, but Natalie enjoys it, as do I, &amp; that's okay to. I'm sure the woman is alright.
@nickdiLuzio @nataliejmooney 
@nickdiLuzio @nataliejmooney yo thanks for bumping this, buddy, I am crying at this all over again lol
@ineveningair13 Jeff demanded no tears of flash photography
@xcaseymitchell 
@ineveningair13 I saw NMH earlier
@xcaseymitchell 
@ineveningair13 what uppp
this my brain look like
@theladypaige <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼 gf strip cooked in gf tallow w fresh basil, sage, oregano, &amp; thyme. organic tomatoes w sea salt &amp; Tellicherry pepper. <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼
dinner @theladypaige 
the tree did a thing with things 
being upfront &amp; forthright with another is kind, and it is respectful
the idea that "committing" oneself to another is the only way to respectfully engage in a romantic relationship is horseshit &amp; it is wrong
committed monogamy is not for everyone and being honest with someone about your feelings and desires does not make you a bad person
@sadhugs just a massively chill Chevy
@sadhugs same.
no name no. 3 
this is a confusion machine transmitting its confusion to you through a smaller machine, which in turn feeds confusion
my ego is nude
piss on your idols reduce your heroes to nothing
the world will go silent on you all at once
mood 
@RyanLostinTX man, I love y'all so much. you're both the biggest damn sweethearts.
boy just took off his shoes &amp; put "Tallahassee" on the turntable &amp; is wondering about the nature of things

bought these for myself even though I am sad and people dislike me for no reason 
@st_christophr you're okay, bb.
some of you dress-up your self-loathing in the clothing of self-love. just know I see through it, you Emperors.
I got so tired of discussing my future, I started avoiding the ones that I love 
quiet is
listening to the Jeff Rosenstock record, thinking about how I'm a tumbling fucking mess who will never be alright, but always is anyway.
maybe stop lecturing a faceless audience and go do something about it if it bothers you that much maybe
my heart is a supernova // my heart is a black hole
me 
on that Pixies aesthetic
He's such a warm, intelligent, creative, funny, cool person. I love John Darnielle very much, &amp; I'm grateful for his existence &amp; his art.
"Put the fucking things in your pocket and enjoy the song."
John at one point gently chided the crowd about recording his songs instead of just, you know, enjoying them. He's a living Saint.
saw Mountain Goats last night and they closed with "This Year" and fuck yeah, that's exactly what I needed
@puppetdidi <SNOWFLAKE>️<FIRE>lifestyle
life's cancelled today go back to bed
@SW0O0N love me 
some people are mean, most are stupid
I'm having that feeling all over again about how self-aggrandizing and awful this shit is, but I'll just keep doing it anyway
*says something really fucking idiotic but "pretty"* yes this is art yes
poetry is stupid, art is stupid
omg all of y'all tweets is awful
drunk at the Mountain Goats show 
why do you try
oh fucking god, forgot about 'Cry Baby Cry'
please give me The Beatles all the time
so much of my soul is 'Honey Pie' and it's giving me feels rn
@ineveningair13 also, I've seen that you are sick, and I hope that you heal quickly and fully. you're really lovely.
@ineveningair13 thank you. just love John and his music has helped me a lot, so I owe it to him to see him play my city.
@ineveningair13 do it. you won't regret it. Going to see Mountain Goats alone tonight because I'm miserable &amp; don't want to talk to anyone.
today feel like (listening to White Album) 
@ineveningair13 seeing them Wednesday in Delaware
today's been lousy, but in a few hours I'll be seeing @mountain_goats with some good friends and a few cold beverages. can't wait.
@theladypaige this is legitimately plausible, speaking from experience
distrusting those "unafraid of death" since always &amp; forever
Lastly, Realize That We Are All Mortally Terrified, &amp; Some Need The Shelter of Worship to Get By. I Choose To Shrug, Rend, Keep Moving.
Fight With Everything Left In Your Broken Body &amp; Spirit Against GroupThink &amp; Sycophantic Idolatry. Bash Sacredness Apart &amp; Refashion It/
Here's My Bit of Anti-Advice: Question Everything &amp; Everyone, Including Yourself, Especially Those Presenting Themselves as Self-Assured
folks dispensing advice have largely missed the only lesson the Universe has ever taught, which is that nothing makes sense
a lot of motherfuckers around these parts consider themselves some sort of guru or soothsayer &amp; I'm here to tell you: They're Full of Shit
don't let anyone, anywhere, dictate to you what kind of person you are, least of all on this fucking website
in the bleak confessional booth, the priest begins the rite. trembling beside the partition, I muster, "I'm Terrified of Reality, Father."
here's another drawing that no one cares about because it's not a picture of a cat or something 
Who Can Be Loneliest Loudest
missing me (I'm a bad person)
new Built to Spill record streaming on NPR, so I guess I'll distract myself from desolation with that for a while 
give me a few weeks to find reasons why this won't work, okay?
avert your eyes from fear and cower
@theladypaige thanks for showing love to my food pictures yesterday. feels nice when others appreciate my cooking. hope you have a good day.
God remembers the mistakes you've yet to make
@theladypaige @darth__mouth slightly overdid the ribeye, but... 
just ate a whole fucking lot of meat
@darth__mouth @theladypaige always welcome in my kitchen, you know that.
@darth__mouth @theladypaige you're everything, Weedy. thought of you. <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼<PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>🏼
attn Weedy @darth__mouth ((grass-fed ribeye &amp; rack of goat &amp; fresh Easy Jack &amp; hand &amp; blade &amp; dying sunlight)) 
@_ghostlight we just finished that ep last night! going to watch 8 tonight. you loving it so far?
@_ghostlight are you watching Peaks straight through? (doing this w my roommate who has never seen it &amp; I'm falling in love all over again.)
unsure how some of you even exist you're so beautiful
out of control boy (we suck younnng blood) 
@veryspooky_ do you, Danielle. you're fucking awesome. as our boy Britt would say "Don't let it get you down."
got the oven heating to four hundy &amp; two pans ready to go. seasoning will commence now. please fucking love me.
casually got day drunk &amp; now I'm listening to "Hail to the Thief" &amp; readying myself to cook a ribeye &amp; a fucking rack of goat ribs
have a crush on me please
@sallyelegant your existence comforts me, Sal.
@Are_Kelly <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏼
@Are_Kelly I know, you're the realest person on this site and I love you for it. give 'em hell.
we're all luck to have Are Kelly on the Twitter site she's rare
@Are_Kelly this made me laugh so hard yesterday, Emily
@PhillyPhannon I'm proud that you're my brother. Last night was fun.
praying on a Sunday 
I am 29 years old and this is my life
my mom and dad are literally the only people "liking" my Instagram pictures on FB today
"Is it sunny inside or something!?!? HAHA"

'I'm going to rip your skull in half &amp; eat the shriveled peanut that is your brain.'
sometimes I wear sunglasses inside because fuck you I like it that's why
daddy likes juice

echoes of passion 
sometimes the Universe bends your way &amp; things are beyond okay for a few hours &amp; it's terrifying. we'd listened to "Round About Midnight"
we were mostly nude &amp; glowing in the calm following great sex. her skin was taut, soft, &amp; covered in what she calls "chicken pimples."
early this morning, a beautiful woman sat atop me &amp; rested her chin over my shoulder &amp; we held each other while we listened to Elliott Smith
@heliopod the thing though is the ILY
@nintendocashbox damb
@SandwichMeats glad you're here, too, man. who else would adore Bill Callahan and hate Pearl Jam with me? you're Good and Nice.
"Incesticide" and Easy Jack IPA fuck me
no name no. 1 
@hawksley thank you, my friend.
where's the strength to do anything come from? what'd I do to deserve to feel this way?
a cool thing about being depressed is that I am ugly and unlovable 
anyone know when depression is supposed to end?
am I illegal
Kurt would've hung out with me and scorned the sun
listening to Nirvana inside while the beautiful sun shines down on a fresh spring afternoon in Philadelphia because I have no friends
so I will just not play guitar anymore. that's how that works.
the head stock of my guitar cracked a while ago and at this point has nearly split in two. I am too poor to afford a new guitar.
let the anxiety go and live your life, baby boy. you're okay.
this is how I look like and I don't feel beautiful 
what does the light lose?
Just threw "Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain" on the turntable after a nice warm shower, and the sun is shining through the blinds. I'm breathing.
I am happier when I don't Tweet.
@artbynatejames congratulations, Nate.
@puppetdidi @hawksley yeah I missed that bearded creep in Philly. saw him as J Tillman like 6 years ago in a tiny chapel.
@sadhugs you have to find a way to see him, David. do whatever it takes. you won't regret it.
@puppetdidi @hawksley what else is to be seen???
@hawksley yaaaaaasssss. you are in for something Real As Phuck.
@puppetdidi @hawksley he's the most beautiful man in the world anyone who disagrees can probably beat me up
@hawksley if you have tickets, perfect. if not, do whatever is necessary to obtain them.
Last night, I wept openly and thoroughly at Sufjan's show. It was a religious experience. @sadhugs
Sufjan Stevens Changed My Life.
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Sufjan Stevens (77), Lady Lamb (42) &amp; Squirrel Bait (30) 
here's how the fruit // vegetable divide works: savory or earthy? vegetable. sweet? fruit.
carrots are more of fruit than avocados or tomatoes. same for corn.
they are vegetables, like tomatoes. you and your science can take the first bus outta town, pal.
thinking about avocados
@Dong_Marriage I like the Orange too
@sadhugs *thinks about how Sufjan will be my best friend after tonight* yeah, should be okay I guess...
@sadhugs yallreadyknowit. my sweet, dear mother bought tickets for me for my birthday. can't fucking wait.
boy whome see Soof Yahn tonight
the present is always bleeding
I'm me.
@cakemittens @totallymoon what is show
@totallymoon @cakemittens i don't know what Taco is...
@cakemittens @totallymoon chew the lunar spud
@cakemittens @totallymoon I ask only the hard-hitting Real questions, this is my calling
@totallymoon you fancy you'll eat them or?
the garlic is screaming
@veryspooky_ @brianwjones it would still work on me now
@veryspooky_ "think I'm drunk enough to drive you home now" Uh... I mean! "this is the face that launched 1000 shits!" I mean!! "I will foll
I've moved on from Squirrel Bait and gone into this 
i'm all alone 
here another one 
why can't I just be low-level drunk at all times why is that bad it makes me feel good
@Horse_Crimes you're an interesting, smart, cool person and I'm fond of you, buddy.
how do i do the poem tweets
your cat isn't smart
@darth__mouth <SPARKLES> you look like a Mother and the fucking raddest Mother around, Weedy. Mothers Are Everything. <SPARKLES><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>
║▒\
║▒▒\
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
║❀▒║
▓▓▓▓
[█▓]
[█▓]
[█▓]
[██] muerte emoji
*suffocates upon beauty* cool good
doing this record, which I "borrowed" from my Dad. it dope. 
@castinemachine ily
check this shit out: Stoffel breaks into his owner's house at one point &amp; eats an entire block of frozen bacon. he is so fucking chill.
a South African man whom owned an animal shelter had one called Stoffel &amp; once it deliberately tunneled into the lion pen &amp; fought a lion
watched a documentary about honey badgers at 2:00 am, and let me tell you: I want one
this has been: a couple of stupid ideas from a confused man
we're never going to he be HUMANkind because tribalism exists and one group'll always want to come out on top
the cool thing about gender and sex is how it breeds systemic animosity
said it before and I'll (probably) say it again: I'm not a human being.
you're sad, not a genius
selfie 
*gently scorns things* nice *thinks about hugging* oh fuck yeah give me all the hugs baby
sipping chamomile tea, but not in the stupid "Kermit drinking Lipton" meme manner, because I don't think that's funny. memes aren't funny.
twitter bores me because I'm not one of the Adored on it
this backfired massively and I am still feeling unstable three days later
texting my mother about her thoughts on God because I sent her these photographs of the sky above my house 
maybe I'll fall in love again but maybe I won't and that's just about the whole damb banana stand ain't it
choose good over strange
@sadhugs ily buddy boy
made a healthy breakfast this morning because I needed to love myself a bit &amp; push back against anxiety 
gentle Twitter please
@sadhugs oh my god this is the best, David. hope you had a good Easter, my friend. <BLUE HEART>

@veryspooky_ it was good. their parents are such sweethearts.
Dear @SHO_Network,

Please give @DAVID_LYNCH whatever sum of money he's requested to make more Twin Peaks. The world needs it.

Love, Love
@mattytalks also, Happy {Belated} Birthday (I'm sorry I missed it.)
@mattytalks case in point, you muggle fucker
every person who's ever called you pretentious does not understand magic
@ineveningair13 glad to hear it
@SandwichMeats me too
@ineveningair13 you're a literal goddess &amp; thank you. how are you feeling? saw you were sick.
been feeling ugly lately and this doesn't help but whatever it's neat
this is the only selfie I took today (my Dad is on the front step watching me do it) 
@puppetdidi @maisietkinks what the fuck is wrong with people? I'm sorry that this happened to you.
made scrambled eggs and ate two avocados with Melinda's Red Savina Hot Sauce and a Bartlett pear and I think things are going to be alright.
so I'm sitting on my bed listening to "Spiderland" and trying to breathe calmly, maybe I'll go eat an avocado
the idea of driving back to my parents' house and being around my family is giving me a lot of anxiety, in addition to existing
'alone again' tattooed across my chest
interesting typo you monster
is this shivering the cold kind of the terrified kind or both asking for a friend
East Hair
what if Jesus is real
have you figured it out yet? ((speaking to my past self))
why is now always happening
listening to "The Sunset Tree" and am nude
what the fuck are anybody talking about ever
what happens if I have gone mad
is today the day?
oh my fucking god 
@st_christophr this is too much you fucking stud
I Claim not Part in this Video Make

@chrissalad @000___000 i thought it were a bird cousin of this 
@Are_Kelly @castinemachine weird how this song was written about you 17 years ago 
Biggie is the best there ever was and will be, I'm sorry.
what love look like 
are bugs real
the spider-fear led me to do a typo. the word "if" should instead read "of." thank you.
would like a very large, menacing spider to bite my arm (venom ideally would be if the nonlethal ilk)
washer ("Spiderland," Track 4) 
early Slint concert poster 
@SW0O0N frankly, this sounds like bologna.
"I Miss You" Is A Time Machine
@PhillyPhannon <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><TONGUE><WHITE LEFT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX><PIG>
@puppetdidi get it. show them who's boss, homie.
@PhillyPhannon nice. the adventures into the unknown are the best. report what you find.
@puppetdidi holding up, keeping the chillhot lifestyle alive on the coast. how's my buddy doing?
@PhillyPhannon how's the process coming along? looks great in the pictures Mom sent.
"I Am The Flower People," I said to the dark forest. "Through Me All Light Disperses. I Am That Which Never Ceases." The forest shook then.
@puppetdidi majorly chillhot babe
dreamt of glacial mountains glistening beneath the frigid pale sun and rivers of crimson shining blood flowing down them, carving canyons.
@tristanreveur <SPARKLES><SPARKLES><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><SPARKLES><SPARKLES>
@deeptechfunk @abeerfartloud same, Abeer. I'd always rather be told that what I'm saying is hurtful so I can consider it, learn, &amp; grow.
fear takes me away
@darth__mouth so much love for you always &amp; forever
@darth__mouth you make me happy to be alive. I don't understand how you exist or how I found you. You're boundlessly wonderful.
@RyanLostinTX your lifestyle rightly venerates the weekend.
@RyanLostinTX yes yes yes. this is the good things.
@RyanLostinTX and the foods? (that hop juice sounds delicious.)
@RyanLostinTX what kind of beer you working with Ry?
@artbynatejames this is really something, Nate. Your art is so cool.
*awakes* WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING
there's a single bird doing chirps (tweets?) in the magnolia tree outside my window and I feel him, I get it
why have I awoken horny what is the meaning of this
@veryspooky_ I've never seen them and I am so damb envious.
@veryspooky_ 
celebrities are dumb
i feel some of you may be too goth to like Spoon, but you should like Spoon, goth babes
listening to Spoon and want to spoon you
I've had four (4) Bells Two Hearted Ales and I am feeling like a Hero.
@darth__mouth ILY
@Horse_Crimes agreed. MY BODY IS CAAAAAAAGE.
@Horse_Crimes this is a wrong opinion, but I will allow it. "Neon Bible" is v v good. the newest one is rubbish.
remember when Arcade Fire were really good?
oh fuck yes I forgot I had "Funeral" on vinyl and I am jamming the fuck out rn
holler at your boy if you'd like to come listen to Pinback and snuggle
uggghhh women are so great
remember that summer in Abaddon?
give me money to buy records
well 
@castinemachine yes, it feels better this way. <BLUE HEART>
@castinemachine thank you for this, Castine. things have been weird recently &amp; I'm just trying to take it one second at a time. ily.
tomorrow, I am going to make myself a cup of coffee and see how things go.
@veryspooky_ you are so beautiful it's startling
@patron_sailor thank you. this helped. Hope you're having a nice day, bud.
hello brain or universe or God. please stop making me feel this way and let me breathe easy for a while. thanks. your pal, Patrick.
shit gets so real as you age
I feel like I am dying right now.
alone and thinking about solid footing
@sadhugs I never did graduate school &amp; I regret it all the time. drilling-in to what you're passionate about has to be thrilling.
@sadhugs going to give Lower Dens a spin in between "Carrie &amp; Lowell" spins. fucking obsessed w that record. it's perfect.
@sadhugs v strange. just listened to "Teen Dream" for the first time in ages. y're going to kill it in graduate school &amp; show the world.
just heard the dulcet tones of a passing bus and it's 63 degrees and grey here in Philadelphia and I am not at work and still sane nice nice
@SLEEPCLOSEDEATH gilt my drums
@sadhugs any good? you're tastes are usually the same as mine. (also, I saw yr tweets about grad programs. v proud of you, dude.)
knuckle tats: IAMA TEEN
I like a good Beach House session. Listening to "Teen Dream" now and would like a kiss.
took a selfie last night 
@maisietkinks 
listening to "On Avery Island" and moving myself
The lesson I learned here is that the majority of people want your attention such that they may scorn it as a burden.
@rwoodsmall the thing lunged at the hem of my jeans &amp; bit it with its terrifying bill. I pissed my pants &amp; cried. fuck geese.
@rwoodsmall I approached a goose, offering the fowl some delicious popcorn, but it was having no part of my generosity. it charged me.
@rwoodsmall it was not a zoo so much as a weird refuge, in which people could walk amongst the (non lethal) animals &amp; feed them popcorn.
@rwoodsmall this was due to the fact that guests were given tubs of popcorn to feed the animals as they entered.
@rwoodsmall once, when I was a kid, my Mom-Mom took me to a petting zoo known colloquially as "The Popcorn Zoo."
the King of Nails &amp; a Little Fat Baby &amp; an Apple Bed tweet from this account
@patron_sailor your interests are fucking awesome, man. I want to hang out with you.
@patron_sailor 
listening to Sparklehorse and getting worked up
@tristanreveur cried several times at my desk at work while listening to this record
this is the sound of Meadow's Mind 
there are three sides to every story. stories are triangles. all stories are triangles.
@patron_sailor it's a basket for catching fish. have to look up more info because I forget most of it, but it's p cool, right?
@patron_sailor I'ma buy you one of these, bud. 
man, I miss feeling boundlessly hopeful and believing with every ounce of me that something bigger awaited me beyond the horizon.
Not a classroom, a Class Room. I'm a classy man.
"Can't Slow Down" is ringing in my ears and I am thinking about how part of me is still in 2000 and sitting in a high school class room
the last three songs on Weezer's Blue Album are the best
@patron_sailor @tristanreveur 
@Edie_Is_Dead the photographs from the security camera are absurd. he claimed to have "fallen into it."
@mattytalks this is very motivational. is that your alt?
this is my life I am basic as fuck 
This is to say: Often I Feel Less Like a Coherent Person Than I Do A Roiling Quantum Thought Cloud, With Feelings Thrown In For Good Measure
I mean, I think. I don't know. When I write these Tweets, mostly I am just trying to get my thoughts down so I can look at them concretely.
the worst part of life is being pushed &amp; pulled by others whom impose their expectations upon one. human beings are devious creatures.
most of the time, I'm able to indulge sadness, allow it its due course, then naturally tumble into laughter &amp; warmth. this feels different.
things aren't hopeless, part of me knows this, ( the eternal part ? ? ) but I am feeling quite the opposite and I suppose this is depression
day 4 without coffee: it may be safe to assume that nothing in my life ever works according to plan
in this weird, fucked up thought world, I had transported the correct date from the physical realm of reality.
dreamt I was checking the dates on beers.
@hawksley buy / salvage more of them!
@hawksley I'm doing better than I've been the past few days. You still getting rid of stuff?
i feel handsome today and also proud of myself for surviving and being good to those in my life whom love me
@hawksley how you doing today, bud?
@darth__mouth @hell_doe oh my goddddd
proof (for @SW0O0N) ((the cloudless sky above NJ)) 
space is a big fucked up thing
@lesaboteur87 @darth__mouth yeah, this is what I was aiming for
there's def going to be a documentary about the Weedites in like 30 years @darth__mouth
there's only one thing to do: listen to Danzig and PUSH BACK
@PhillyPhannon I'm still here
nothing to do but fight back (I get by with a little help from my friends) 
you are good, loving, handsome, smart, creative, engaging, and passionate about things when you are able to care. fuck those who disagree.
stop consuming and start creating, Patrick. discard those who don't love you implicitly, those who make you question yourself. fight back.
importing "Hail to the Thief" and gon wile out
not one of you on this website deserve me
@InfinityDolphin <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><SPARKLES><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>
@InfinityDolphin you are a good tweet doer
we all miserable and they act like it our fault 
@sadhugs when I was a kid, my mom would toast Eggos and put peanut butter and butter on them for me
@Are_Kelly it's so good, Emily. just found my copy buried in my car last week. that stretch from The Clock through Skip Divided is dope
don't really enjoy being aware if my consciousness is not somehow altered
PLEASE CEASE TRICKING ME INTO THINKING YOU ACTUALLY LIKE ME, ONLY TO FUCKING BAIL ON ME YOU ASSHOLES
started liking people openly and giving of myself again and that's where it all went wrong
my feelings is boo boo
where is the nihilism antidote
how do i love me asking for a friend
let's just be normal for a day. like, "Hello. How are you? Lovely weather that's been happening, eh?"
bleed
when i see a beautiful woman loving a man, my initial response is always along the lines of, "yeah, but..."
i'm envious of most attention given to those who are not me
i'm still alive
just discovered that teens are far cooler than I am
<HONEYBEE>selling art to save bumble bees<HONEYBEE>
@SW0O0N 
got the World's End Girlfriend on the record player
@SW0O0N you're so sweet and you lighten my heart and make my life better for having known you
@SW0O0N I love you so much
pain only deepens you
because that's what humans do, they make the Universe larger with their thoughts. they expand time.
caught up in an edge
@patron_sailor okay, good. rest easy, good friend. put on some records and unwind. sending healing vibes across the Uni to you. &lt;3
@patron_sailor fuck! you okay, bubbie?
this place is rife with groupthink and sycophancy and it's really a huge bummer
*beautiful woman tells me she believes in me* hm, this feels good, but i guess it's a Wrong Way to be happy, I'll dismiss it
why is it alright to find joy in knitting but not in a beautiful woman? or a good friend? the logic is literally nonexistent.
so much of what i encounter in life is people regurgitating hackneyed, false bullshit and it's awful
other people can definitely make me happy i don't know what the fuck this "you must find it in yourself" nonsense is about
wrong i'm not human
@sadderhugs thank you, David.
lying on my back, I closed my eyes and saw the glimmer of rose-hued orbs tracing the curve of limitless black space:

why am I such a bitter, cynical fuck?
the people with whom I attended college are absurdly beautiful, white, and successful and their shit lives suffuse my FB feed
fucking sick of successful people
I'm Sorry, And I Miss You

I MISS YOU
doing Slint, on 'Good Morning, Captain'
why can't I have a simple life
none of my drawings make any sense to me &amp; I can't draw anything remotely realistically what the hell am I doing
did a little more on this today (no filter) 
barely functioning Human
@ConorTripler Conor be well, I'm sorry pal.
whom have opium
kill me
hey dummy: fuck off and take your stupid opinions with you!
this website is a bunch of twee assholes
@PoisonOke (we're almost there)
@PoisonOke ya
my drawings are shit just like me <OK HAND SIGN> 
I've listened to Slint's "Spiderland" literally over <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>times in the past week &amp; I can't stop &amp; I don't want to stop
@Are_Kelly in case you wanted to read a thing you couldn't care less about: I am from NJ
this is just really fucking awful, this "community" *looks at Twitter on phone* *looks up* *scans across city* just fucking awful
I will not fuck you.
this shit is bad
the energy required of me to fake it through most days is All of It and I can't really press myself to care about anything beyond myself
want to be alive, but I hate so much about life and people and emotions and opinions and just so much
trapped by life on one side and death on the other
it froze and then went to another movie completely, so I gave up
someone please make this stop it feels bad
sad and alone and about to watch a Les Blank film on garlic people
@hawksley I'm sorry. I know how bad it feels. Hope it eases up and dissipates.
@hawksley yes, these last few days have been chock-full. how you holding up?
@castinemachine you're a beautiful Castine
my life has been surreal &amp; out of control of late. might be breaking down.
everything feels hollow today
about the picture, I mean. regret is basically my defining characteristic, let's not get carried away.
sent one of y'all a (solicited) picture of my dick last night and I don't have any regrets
I'm horny.
@ineveningair13 Slint
@SW0O0N no seriously
if you haven't ever listened to "Spiderland," you should do that right now
listening to Slint
@SW0O0N
@SW0O0N @PoisonOke I'm at the "infinity"'part of the record and it's SCARY AS FUCK (your tongue tastes so good )
@PoisonOke @SW0O0N bb don't make me smooch you
@SW0O0N @PoisonOke i'm eating green beans &amp; carrots while drinking beer &amp; listening to Godspeed in bed c'mere &amp; kiss me
@PoisonOke @SW0O0N this hurts my hearts
look at this dumb shit I drew 
God pee you black emp whore or
post rock god
listening to eff sharp ayy sharp infinite
finished it 
@ineveningair13 losing my sanity, winding up homeless, pain, life, love, loss, people, cancer, being hated, lacking free will
A bee
at one point, I almost cried because everything was falling apart and because Abby is so far
@ineveningair13 @Horse_Crimes same, you're handsome and smart and good. do you and forget the haters.
@ineveningair13 @Horse_Crimes I've met some dope as shit women on there, but also insane people
smoked bubble hash called "City of God" today and I'll tell you what it was scary
@ineveningair13 @Horse_Crimes I'm about to delete the thing. Dating is bad.
@castinemachine oh my god  #
juice
