Trying not to think about the family I lost again.
My lover is the reason why I giggle when reading a text.
Spending time with the in laws before they become in laws.
Lord give me strength just lost another relative.
First happy to annoyed to happy and optimistic now sadden.
What a roller coaster of an emotional day.
Place your bets.
Bake sale, beach, fight...Easy day
Today was a good day.
My body is saying that I need a vacation. However, my calendar says I don't have time.
Last night was definitely one for the books...Outspoken.
I will be preforming. 
He said "just because" 
Wish we could always be close to one another.
Missing my loves already.
Back to work in 30 minutes
Barbecuing with the family. . Great food. Good times.
The annoyance is real.
Some women just don't know how to behave as women.

Issues on overload.
Or is it that or that they truly reveal who they really are?
Death always seem to bring out the worst in some family members.
Another limb of our family tree has broken off...R.I.P. Grandma #heartbroken
It's my Birthday.
Step one of the transformation. ..34 and loving it.
I'm not feeling 100%
I always try to see the positive side of things, but some things I just can't.
I am annoyed by disrespectful people.
Whatever!
The Judas that kissed my cheek. Smh
Why bother help you when you refused to help me?
Why should I help you after you betrayed me?
I love who I have become.
Every year, February through March is the most challenging for me..#Lent
My spirit guide said "you have something for the world. Do not be confined to the least because there is something greater for you."
I give thanks to God for revealing His glory.
I shall resurrect from this and they will know then that I am blessed beyond measure.
Like Judas to Jesus. They denied even knowing me.
Ne with my baby, see my grandma, and now spending time with my bestie and God-child.
Out with the girls early
Leftovers are better. #Applebees
Now if only I had breakfast in bed and lunch on call....hhhmmmmm
My first day off in months. Gotta do this more often.
@AJ_Ventura No one is better at doing you, than you. #Godbless#yourgift


On my mini vacation
The devil is busy trying to destroy families.
All that energy could have gone into something positive for yourself.
It's sad to see the limits people would go through just to see you fall.
The experience was worthwhile. This is the beginning of a beautiful family.
When we lose one blessing, another one is often most unexpectedly given in its place.
Let the countdown to see my loves begin...6 days.
We sow the seed _ God produces the harvest.
I am a little pencil in the hand of writing God who is sending a love letter to the world. Mother Teresa
This trip was worth it.
Today is truly a beautiful day.
Travel this a.m. took and nap and now ready to shop.
God is good.
The blessing must be huge.
Just when I thought I was having a moody day my baby call to let me know his day is even worse than mines.

Overwhelmed
You have to have patience and passion to deal with the children of this generation.
God is looking for ordinary people empowered by him to do extraordinary things.
Today has proven my potential to do great things.
I love the random "I love you" texts.
Today is a new day to do something different.
You ever woke up and just started writing whatever that is in your mind? It's happening to me right now.
The journey is as important as the destination.
Happy Sunday everyone.
Wooooo! Almost lost it...
I realized that I really don't like him...I can't stand the sight of his toad ass, ungrateful dirty m*×% s.
Wedding planning full time
I have vented enough. Shall we proceed to grow
This chick will let me pop off in 2...let me keep my cool
Back in class. . I missed these guys.
He makes everything better.
I'm missing him already
The sacrifices we make just to have a better future
It's too early. .No! I need more sleep.
JG Christmas Ball 
Getting things done early...
And my little big sister is coming home!!!! I'm excited and annoyed by this. Hhmmmm
Here comes another busy weekend.
Why am I feeling so annoyed?
I need a twin or an assistant
Then off to dance...then acting class....then singing at a concert...to my event/cleanup...and hopefully get some sleep...
Pulled an all nigher. Then got up early to be back at it again..I need to catch some zzz
I don't know how to feel about last night. ...
The beginning of wisdom is fear of the Lord.
Good morning!
Still feeling horrible. .popping pills and drinking plenty liquids
Sick in bed since yesterday.
I need a nap.
Witnessing the union of two lovers makes me feel a kind of way...
Extreme Couponing....WOW! If only we had it in the USVI
JG (Top) Models
Walk challenge in full effect. .
My team is ready
@elwynvi Thank you
Vocal training is in full effect....
@USVItourism thank you for the opportunity for attending such an awesome and educational event. #loveitandliveit#USVI
@Susantravels thank you for all the helpful tips to expand my business #loveitandliveit#USVI
@dennisstokely although I'm not a stylist your tips will make me sound lime a professional #thankyou#loveitandliveit
You are truly an inspiration and so humble @colincowie  #stxweddingsymposium
Had ann amazing time at the St. Croix Wedding Symposium. #loveitandliveit
Now a feature in a magazine....let the blessings keep coming.
Climbing to the top is always a challenge.
Woke up feeling 70%, now I'm here with headache,  congestion, fever, body aches and hunger. I can't deal!
Watching #AaliyahMovie
@elwynvi where is that?
Watching Tanked with my nephew
My day: clean my church, event setup, choir practice, dance practice, event, clean, hair....I need an assistant.
Woke up late but on my way....Happy Friday!
Networking with the big dogs...
You have to be hungry to achieve your goals
Praying for my grandma...
Why am I up so early? Aarrggghh
Family time are great times #jokesinfinity
It's true when they say, mother nature responds to us.
I have a feeling I should be somewhere else right now.
Another day to give thanks.
Grading papers...
Enjoying "This Christmas" #bet
I am a success story.
The children are too much to handle...
I am tired.
Some people have real nerve.
Some people never appreciate the little you do for them. But the minute you stop, you become their worst enemy.
He's making plans for our future.
Sometimes I think screaming is the only solution.
Today my best friend, counselor, and partner in love is setting out to lay the foundation for our bright future.
Love is seeing more in me than I see in myself.
Working the night shift has its ups and downs...oh well back to work
One hour sleep is never enough.
Last time I checked Jesus was the miracle worker not me...
I am so annoyed right now...
Date night with my love.
I'm hungry and tired.....but I have to work.
What's for dinner?
Girl chat...
Better luck next time...
I dialed your number rand texted you when you didn't answer but you sending message through someone else. ....smh
I don't understand why people try to push me to break?..Can't they see that it won't work?
Juggling 3 jobs...
Making peace with an old enemy...
Hanging with my second dad...Brother Hyacinth he has such wisdom.
Weekends are not weekends anymore.
I'm so sleepy............
It's going go be a wonderful weekend. ..because today has started off good.
I can't wait to see "No Good Deed"!!!
When we don't challenge our youth to do greater things then we have failed our children.
Preparing for tomorrow
This morning started off rough but I put my energy into what was positive and my day turned to be great.
I think I will go visit one of my loves...
I love that I inspire....
But he never changed his status for you though...# flips hair &amp; wakes away
So you edit the comment on your picture of your baby daddy after my love posts one of me....# immature
My time is valuable. ..
I hate pointless meetings
You got to be spontaneous to be with me
Trying to find something to do. ..
Every time I wonder how I'm going to get through. ...somehow I do.
Time for a break...
Raising awareness in my class. This is where I belong.
Why are making such a fuss when we are killing each other everyday and no one seems moved by that?
I love teaching in and out of the classroom
What's my name? You can call me Royalty.
Let the benefits roll in
People ask for too much and don't give you enough
I'm not accepting failure
All this good I'm doing better come with a bonus...
Looking past someone's looks and appreciating the way they treat you makes the chance worthwhile.
Now I'm faced with a dilemma. ..follow my heart and follow my mind?
I woke up feeling so much better
This is a test...good morning!
I'm about becoming the best!
On another note. .lunch from Centino-Cruzano was on point.
Location hunting..
This chick is so fake!
This chick said "I'm like an intestine, I make shit happen." Really!
I am not the kind to sit at home all day doing nothing for myself.
I swear I think I ate about 5 ice cream cones...it is hot!
Ouch....
Is it me or Dating Naked makes you feel uncomfortable?
Back in STX
Congratulations Josette! You did it! Love you! #kaplanu
Tortola here I come!
In St. Thomas for the second time this week
Out doing business
Trusting in what is to come takes discipline.
He said "be still and know that I am God."
One door closed now 3 windows on the top floor opens...I will not complain.
Now to discuss the fact that I would be out of reach for at least 5 days a week until settled in. There's a lot to think about.
The perks and crew is promising. ..it's great to be a part of something special.
So I got the job, now I have to figure out if I would move or work can I work remotely.
In St. Thomas and the difference between the two islands is so obvious. .
Time for bed early start on a new adventure
Love&amp;HipHop...mixed emotions
Until next time NYC
Flatbush. .
I'm still rocking my booty shorts and brace
Knee hurt don't care
Last day for shopping
I lost my sunglasses
Your name is Shanterrica. ...really?!
I'm loving the peace
Today is my day in to relax and let my knee heal
Now to rest my weary leg...
Dinner was right. # red lobster
In Central Park..Good morning!
I love New York
The whole gang gave tips
It just gave me life. :)
Just saw the coolest kids dance on the train
Now is not the time for a toothache
Times Square NY
Headed to the movies
First workshop now at lunch at Dallas BBQ
Waiting on dinner at olive garden but it's freezing
I love my family. .always looking out for me
This random guy called me beautiful
Fashion show in the dressing room
Shopping with the girls
Just landed in PR...:)
Im ready for New York
Feeling better
I have a lot to do before my trip tomorrow
Fighting all kinda of illness. .toothache, cold, headache
Now it's time to let the cat out if the bag
Because you overpriced the bride she is so pleased to find the real decorator
This island is so small and people trying to play my business...using my work and claiming it as yours ..wow
Nothing can hold me back
God is great!
There is sunshine after the rain
I'm not complaining though because I got 2 jobs paying twice as much requiring less of me
Got laid off without a phone call, meeting or letter
Trying to make sense out if nonsense
I feeling irie....☆♡☆
Chilling at my cousin job soaking the AC
This heat is the pits
Good morning!
@BET boy stop!
The beach was refreshing

I'm looking for sponsors to the VI Model trip to NYC...
Are we a people who supports our own?
I feel exhausted
He never wants to leave my side...

Those are the people i …
Happy Friday
TV time with the family
I'm out to lunch for the rest of the day
When a company relocates so does the morale.
That's I why I stay grinding on my own stuff
These people just told me I have I one more week
Staying humble while I see the storm coming
I'm wishing they would play more local artist music on the radio
Write  it down. .your dreams, goals, challenges and blessings.  Write it down.
About to do something productive. ...those 3 hours was hard.
How do people sit at home all day doing nothing?
I'm bored out of mind
At work watching @DavidTutera on Netflix...I aspire to create beautiful memories like him.
Playing Uno with a 4 and 5 year old is amusing
Thanking God for the rain...so that can appreciate the sunshine
Don't feel sorry for yourself
No more pouting...straight grinding
I thank the men in my life for keeping me focused.
Breakfast at lunch time
I'm going to work until they say stop
Jokes alone. ..
Ms. Meade is something else.
The beach. #thatisall
Maybe I should take a class in ratchet...
Plain English is so hard to understand
This chick @BitterSweetGem always confused
That moment when you have a million things to do but you rather be with your bae
VI Model Bake Sale
Got to create the new hustle
Cleaning out the clutter
Refocus your energy on what brings you joy.
I really need to stop this robbery
Why am I allowing these people to steal my joy?
I'm off the clock and you texting me about work. .
Oh he thinks I'm working tomorrow. ..he's in for a surprise.
It's funny how people who know they are doing you wrong act when they realize you found out.
Back to work
Root canal..uuuggghhhh
Fractured tooth...
My whole face hurts
Toothaches are the worst. ...uuuggghhh
I need my bed right now
Got great news of my work being recognized and praised by people in high places.
Precious times, valuable moments of my life
@ a board meeting
Time for some shut eye.
Mission accomplished!  2 jobs completed.

I'm busy doing me and that's building something you thought can't be done.
I could never understand people who work hard and not smart.
No baby! I just told you the facts about you..thought I didn't know huh?!
That moment when you feed someone's intuition.
Good morning world! Everyday is a blessing.  Thank you God!
It's going to be a good day.
So he could talk to me like I'm the help...dude done fall on his head.
I respect who respect me. Point blank period.
Did this guy just tell me respect my superior?!!! I'm sorry but he's a coworker with a lighter shade skin and bigger check.
Good morning! Change of atmosphere is good for the soul.
Thank for coming. I have been waiting patiently. #love
It is taking everything in me to not blow up with all this tension.
I truly dislike being around fake 2 faced people.
Missing what you took for granted. Live with it.
Oh my ex is here and his face says it all..lmao
All the ladies were beautiful. .and had a great energy.
What is this queen with a crown on seriously threatening to kick somebody ass..Classy with a K
This queen show was .....nice and straight to the point.
Chilling in a treetop at the beach.#islandlife
Early grind early play
Off to get the hair done
@VivaLaa_CiROC of course
On the move 
I'm a hard working woman. But sometimes I wish I didn't have to. .
Oh how I miss getting up early to wash and clean while catching up on the latest music. Hhmmm
Taking on another hustle. .
@TheDjAvalanche you do! Get it!
Im sitting under a tree enjoying the breeze
No secrets no drama
Just being with him makes me forget my stress
So you think you got me all figured out?
On another level
On the beach flow..blessed Sunday!
Things will get worse before it gets better. But when they do remember who put you down and who helped you up.
R.E.A.L #Remembereveryoneaintloyal
I love my loves
I'm gonna need my bed after this. .The case is real.
Good day! I'm enjoying every bite of love he put on my lunch plate...yummmy
Dear weekend, please don't end.
UVI steel orchestra is killing it..
At UVI Graduation
Relay for Life. ..In honor of my aunt a cancer survivor.
Early Bird gets the worm.
Good morning world! Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy.
Change my strategy. .Get bipolar on your ass
Well you should ask yourself why.. I contain my joy because you don't deserve it.
My silence is bothering you?
Today's progress: Eyes open. Ears to music. Mind on work. Blank the rest.
#headache
I see your true colors.
The things people do for job security.
Forget you and your BS..duece
No service again!!!!....#sprint
In the meantime let me continue to build my kingdom..
Wishing to be a mommy some day...
Happy Mother's Day to all the real ladies who don't blame the daddies for them not being the best at the most rewarding thing in life.
Feeling some kinda way..
This weather though...hhhmmmm
The drama continues at work...
I missed my mistakads
Seeing a friend after 2 years and spending time with them like you never missed a day.
Carnival highlights
My big fat gypsy wedding is crazy. Smh #really
They love the illusion of action but all do is talk. Yes, they love talking.
So much on my mind. ...
My big brother JG is reading me.....lol
Bunji on @BET @106andpark ..yes sah
I love my family. .
I almost had my joy stolen.
Here we go again...let me breathe.
No respect, no privacy...eating my food, rearranging my desk, dirt on my floor.....damn.
If I left my desk clean I like to come and meet it clean.
Feeling annoyed this a.m.. Why am cleaning up after grown ass boys..
This chick..
That moment when you thought you lost everything, but actually gained more than you wished for.
@BitterSweetGem kidnapped?! You will kidnap somebody cuz nobody. .
@BitterSweetGem the taxi driver? Or the bum who will be walking with you?
@elwynvi when is the next meeting?
When is the next meeting?
Guess who will do a lot of waiting today....@BitterSweetGem
Harassing @BitterSweetGem is so much fun..
@aliajayyy :(
I swear if i see another Herbalife post I'm going to throw up.
Bitches be like no lights, baby hungry but I got my Jay Z and Beyonce tickets..snh
When I stop giving you attention is when you notice me. Funny how shit work out..
Blah, blah, blah..stop clowning and just be real.
A little part of me wished it was true..I guess in time it will become I - am - possible.
Ok. That's it. I'm out.
Your Immaturity = no respect from me
He got me daydreaming
At work not working.
Beach days are always the best way to unwind.
Ice cream &amp; fun with the family
Lord I need a trainer to get back in shape
I think I'm too old for this..
Kid's are so creative when you let them be themselves. ..it's a beautiful thing.
Having fun with kids at church
When's the last time you did something for the first time?
I'm so sophisticated. .
Sleep or work? My present battle
Bring it
Even though we fight I love my sisters.
My hustle
Choosing a flyer design for my business
Planning the next Breathless Occasion.
Said my prayer, now I'm on my way.
Breathless Occasions...like them on FB. 
Chilling
He said. ."why would I try to mess with her, she's in her early millions"....I can't with these guys!
Customer service in these agencies..that is all. #Smh
Word of the day. ..kindness.
I want to inspire people. I want someone to look at me and say because of you I didn't give up.
Preparing for my near future....
My time is valuable.
Why you hating though?! Get your life!
Purple bow on the door, but no one knows who died. .hhhmmm
Is it 5 p.m. yet?
Word of the day...Victory.
It's 9:18 &amp; my coworker talking bout going home. #really
This eventful weekend......
too busy living life...
I'm ready to fall in love again...
These battles...
Be the change you want to see.
making myself happy is my new priority
Do you really need closure to move on from hurt?
I'm hungry
These movies got me hooked...#LMN
1 day u will learn
FROM GOSPEL TO SOCA....MUSIC IS MY LOVE
Whatever she says is.......
@vi_mr_coogi I'm praying for you..Lmao
Shoreline bound..
She's been having blonde moments all morning...she's having a blonde day.
Jasmine does drive me crazy!!!!
It's all over now!..oh well it was good while it lasted.
Soca jamming...it's Friday!!Party start!
He said "I am a powerful young lady"...;)
Your destiny is not tied to anybody that left you. #randomwisdom
Did this guy just say $2500.00 for labor???....he cannot be serious!!!!
Back on my grind..
Thanking God..
Why am I up?
Time to shut it down!!!
Success is measured by your limitations...
on another note...watching @thedjavalanche do his thing in Houston. Wish I was there!!!
I wish she would stop making me out like that, the right one will come at the right time.
that soca music that is....
So good but yet so bad.
@BitterSweetGem and my share is?????
@VivaLaa_CiROC on a Asvab test online
Now getting schooled by my niece, Alia.
my nephew Kimani is a trip..schooling me.
This chick is driving me crazy. #jassy
I'm on another level.
In His arms I find comfort.
Is anybody hiring on St. Croix?
I'm stressed out in need of a way out.
US Virgin Islands 
He does something to me...
Time for an escape...brain on overload
Stress level rising
Hope I dream tonight!!!
Whatever!!!
Lmao...now I can't sleep
@VivaLaa_CiROC thanks love.
Funny..#LoveThyNeighbor
Changing my mind with music
....on another level.
House cleaned..dinner cooked...can I please have someone else to enjoy it with???hhmmmm
finally on dis iiisshhhh
@VivaLaa_CiROC dis jasmine follow dis chile back
