"He fills my life with good things." Psalm 103:5.  We get what we believe for! Expect good things!
"a weekly dose of motivation " Intentional Decisions 
When you are at a place that is no longer giving you maximum benefit, you need to move or change. Don't get stuck! Step out to find out!
Choose to have faith, appreciation and trust in the process of life.
One day at a time we can choose to be optimistic and hopeful! One day at a time we can choose to meditate on our blessings!
"a weekly dose of motivation" Fight For Optimism 
Happy Monday! Each day is a gift! Enjoy it, embrace it, live it! Be happy, be healthy.
"As for me, I will always have hope." psalm 71:14. Hope brings change. So many difficult things happening in the world. Be hopeful.
Be total. We undermine our joy and effectiveness when we approach our day with halfhearted effort. Be all in where you are and enjoy!
Don't give up! We gain strength and confidence in the midst of struggle.  Keep pressing forward positively and hopeful!
Be thankful in all things, no matter what the circumstances.  Love your life! Be positive, be hopeful, be healthy today in all you do.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Effects Of Stress 
Don't waste a single day overly stressed and disturbed in your mind when there is something you can do to keep your peace! Meditate. Pray.
Be hopeful today! Let hope surround your heart and mind. Expect good things to happen in your life, and keep looking up!
Be thankful on purpose, excited on purpose, and happy on purpose! Each day is a gift!  Let's love life and take nothing for granted.
Choose to meditate and dwell on thoughts that strengthen and uplift you today!
"a weekly dose of motivation" Stir Your Nest 
Stress less, trust more. Complain less, and have a heart and mind filled with gratitude today!
Every day start your day in some type of prayer, meditation practice.  This will keep you steady, stable and calm.
Treat each day as a gift! As we do, we will find ourselves energized, happy and peaceful.
Be determined to approach your day positive and optimistic! A positive attitude has been shown to reduce stress and tension in the body.
Let hope surround your heart and mind today! Expect something good to happen.  It's truly a spiritual practice to remain hopeful!
Make time for peaceful moments today.  Two minutes of deep breathing and meditating on positive affirmations is a powerful practice.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Rise Above: 
Expect a good outcome, and always be hopeful.  Optimism is an extremely powerful attitude when practiced consistently.
Optimism is associated with a variety of health benefits from better immune function to reduced risk of chronic disease. Refuse to complain!
What kind of day are you creating? Will it be full of hope, health, and peace? Or will it be negative, toxic, and unhealthy?
Can we walk through it healing, growing, counting our blessings one day at a time? It's a choice to stand up each day in confidence.
Let's learn to see troubles in life as our greatest teacher. Find peace with the fact that we all experience pain in life.
Move forward in a positive, healthy direction one day at a time.  We can only live one day, one moment at a time. Now is all we have!
"a weekly dose of motivation" Happy Spring Happy Easter: 

Loving others can be tough! Love them anyway. I am grateful my mother and family loved me through some dark times, I wasn't easy to love!
Limit negative input. Being constantly fed bad news either from other people, the media or whatever will keep you in a state of fear!
Connect to your spirit today! Prayer, meditation, journal, spend time outside. Taking a walk is a nourishing way to clear your mind!
"a weekly dose of motivation" Being Mindful: 
Life is about making choices.  Experiencing, learning, growing, loving.  Live on purpose in thought, action and attitude. Own your choices!

We can make each moment a spiritual experience when we approach everything with a spirit of patience, love and kindness.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Expect Good Things: 

We are blessed with a new set of 1440 minutes today! Live them well!
Mindfulness is simply being aware of what is happening right now, without wishing it were different. ~James Baraz 
Enjoy your day!!
Happy St Patrick's Day! Enjoy a nourishing green drink today! Blend up cucumber, kale, celery, 1 green apple, and lemon.
Develop a heart and mind of gratitude.  It is impossible to feel negative and grateful at the same time.  Count your blessings!
"a weekly dose of motivation" A Positive Mindset: 

For every minute you are angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson.  Stay in your peace and calmness today!

Count your blessings today. We can either focus on what is going wrong or what we want different, or we can use our time in appreciation.
Acceptance is making peace with the reality of what is happening. Accept reality, but not the negativity that so often comes with it.

Refuse to bring any negativity into your day. Seek peace. ~Choose Well to Live Well!

Empowering thought to meditate on today! "All is well. Everything is unfolding for my highest good."

Our three most important assets are our physical energy, our time, and our focus.  Use them in a positive, healthy direction.


Disappointments are inevitable.  But misery and negativity is optional.  Be positive, be optimistic, be hopeful!
Let go of the past, have faith for the future, most of all enjoy the moment.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Responsibility: 
Love everyone and everything! Love is patient, love is kind.  Love looks for the good in everyone. Love heals. Love forgives.


We get what we believe for. What are you believing for yourself, your family, your life? Believe in goodness, strength, courage.

Empowering thought to meditate on today! "I am divinely and completely blessed, all is well."
We will not live a healthy positive life with a negative mind and attitude. Uplift your thinking today, uplift your attitude.
Put reminders all over your home, "Be thankful, Be positive, Be hopeful." This will keep you focused on your goodness and keep you uplifted.
"a weekly does of motivation" Healthy Attitudes: 
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. ~Calvin Coolidge
Will you press on when things get tough? Will you finish what you start? Dig deep and refuse to give up. Press on.
Stay present. Don't let yesterday take up too much of your day today. This moment is the only time we have to make positive healthy choices!
Empowering thought to meditate on today! "Everything is unfolding for my highest good, I trust the process of life."
In any trail there is a treasure, a gift.  Stay present and  look for the good.  Staying in a positive frame of mind will help you through.
Worry is the result of too little deliberate thinking in the right healthy direction.  Use your energy positively and optimistically!
Today is what we make of it! No matter what, we can choose to be in peace and enjoy each moment of our day.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Results Or Excuses, Your Choice: 
Monitor your thinking and stay hopeful and optimistic.  Be careful who you spend your time with. Make sure they are supportive and uplifting
When things get hard, and results are not coming fast enough, I want to encourage you to dig in a little deeper and refuse to give up!
Be healthy in thought and action one day at a time.
Be in the now. The present moment is all we have. It's where all our strength, growth and healing takes place.
An hour workout is just 4% of your day..no excuses! Everything counts...just do it...
Live without excuses. We can either experience positive, healthy results or live with excuses and self pity, but we can't have both.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. ~Lou Holtz
When we are in a situation that we can do nothing about and not able to control, it's an opportunity to change ourselves.
Practice patience when it comes to results. Patience is not only the ability to wait, but to wait with a good attitude.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Lean And Clean Eating: 
The habit of being positive is not just healing to your mind, body and spirit but it is a gift to all those around you!
Develop a strong mindset. Life is too short to live it frustrated, discouraged, and negative.  Be the most optimistic person you know!
The best gift you can give your loved ones is a positive, healthy and happy "you"!
Promise yourself today that nothing will disturb or upset you.  Promise yourself that will be stay in peace, and go with the flow!
There is power in staying as hopeful, positive and optimistic as we can in each moment.  Ask "Is this thought helpful to me, my situation?"
Choose to respond in peace, optimism and acceptance. Do what you can do, and allow life to unfold!
Our attitude is one of the most important things we have control over.  Life is 10% what happens, 90% how we respond.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Enjoy The Journey On Your WayTo Positive Changes: 
You are never going to "find" the time for a workout, you need to make the time.
In one minute you can change your attitude and in that one  minute you can also change your entire day. ~Spencer Johnson.
Remove "can't" from your mind and conversations. You can do and be whatever you set your mind to do.  Believe in yourself and your abilities
Never give up! Small healthy changes lead to positive healthy results! If you're tired of starting over, never give up!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. ~unknown
"Every day in every way, I am better and better, stronger and stronger, healthier and healthier." Empowering thought to meditate on!
Take Control Of Your Thought Life: 
Inhaling 4 counts, hold for a second or two, exhale 8 counts.  This will automatically calm your body and your mind.
Choose to come from a place of peace and calmness today.  Take three deep breaths when you feel yourself getting worked up.
Ask yourself, "What am I allowing my mind to dwell on?" Is it positive, nourishing and helpful to my goals, intentions, commitments?
We can't live a happy, healthy life with a negative mind and attitude.  So, it's a good idea to be mindful of your thoughts!
Decide you will enjoy your day on purpose and approach everything that comes your way optimistically!
Make sure your thinking, speaking and acting in a way that is helpful, nourishing and uplifting to your goals and intentions!
Our thoughts, actions and attitude need to line up with what we want to accomplish.
Never give up.  Small healthy changes, small positive commitments in attitude and action add up to big results. Keep moving forward!
Create a habit of finishing what you start.  Keep daily commitments, instead of making long range resolutions. This creates healthy habits!
Create a habit of doing your best.  Be excellent in all you do.  Everything we do is a seed we sow.  We will reap the results of our effort!
Be patient with your goals. Patience is the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting. Without patience, giving up is inevitable.
Believe In Yourself: 
Create a habit of living optimistically. Optimism is a positive expectation, it's hopefulness, and living in faith.  Expect good things!
Consistent exercise, eating well, and a meditation practice keep our mind and body healthy, fit and strong and help us to be in peace.
Create a habit of practicing peace. It's written in scripture that a relaxed attitude lengthens life.  Peace is a choice, a healthy choice!
Happy New Year! Believe in yourself, live one healthy day at a time, and never give up! May your year be blessed!!
Positive Healthy Habits in Thoughts, Attitude &amp; Action: 
Start today, and create new positive growth in  life.  Think positive, take positive forward moving action, and never give up on yourself!
The beginning of a new year always gives us the opportunity for a fresh start! Let go of past worries, frustrations and regrets!
If we choose to focus on the wrong things, we will miss the blessing each day, each moment brings.
Choose to live from a place of peace and calmness.  This practice keeps you healthy, and benefits all those around you!
Be sure each day is filled with thoughts and words that fuel joy, peace, and love.  Not anger, bitterness or fear.  Live in gratitude!
Empowering thought to meditate on! May God's peace and strength surround me and dwell within me!
Decide what positive energy you will choose to live in, and own it!
Do not curse the darkness. Light a candle. ~Chinese Proverb
Is what I am choosing to think and do lining up with what I want to achieve, who I want to be, how I want to live? Choose to live healthy!
Present Moment Healthy Living: 
Choose to enjoy every moment of your life, and bring joy to everyone around you each day!
Don't be passive when it comes to your health and happiness! Live on purpose in thought, attitude and action!
Nothing happens until we make a decision and take positive forward moving action to support that decision. Never give up!
Today, meditate on thoughts that uplift and empower you.  Our life will follow our thoughts!
Effort only fully releases it's reward after a person refuses to quit! ~Napoleon Hill
Live life in a positive light.  Let your mind nurture happy thoughts.  Living in a state of joy is a choice!
We cannot be optimistic and negative at the same time! One choice is healthy, one choice is toxic. What will you choose today? Happy Monday!
Natures Lesson On Stress: 
Believe in a good outcome! In God's economy, we have to believe it before we see it! Think good thoughts today and everyday.
Worry less, trust more.  Stress less and enjoy, laugh and love your life more.
A woman is like a tea bag.  You never know how strong she is until you put her in hot water. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Decide you will live your day today without complaining, blaming, comparing and fault finding.  Approach your day with positive energy!
It's never too late to move forward in a healthy, positive direction.  The key is to live on purpose with healthy thoughts and actions.
"a weekly dose of motivation" Simple Detox Plan: 
The darkness of the world can seem overwhelming.  The only way to overcome darkness is to add more light. Radiate peace, joy and love!
No person or situation can make you miserable without your permission.  Refuse to give away your power to stay in peace to anyone!
Happy Thanksgiving!! Enjoy everything...Count your blessings each day and make Thanksgiving a lifestyle!
A Thankful Lifestyle: 
Do your best not to take other people's actions personally.  Only hurt people, hurt people.  Stay in your peace!
Words have the power to destroy or heal, so let's  choose to speak in a healthy, positive direction!
Holiday Healthy: 
Live today fearlessly! What does that mean? Trust, have faith, do your responsibility and refuse to worry.  Let life unfold.
Inaction fuels self doubt.  Do something, anything, that is forward moving and helpful towards your goal!
One Day At A Time: 
Worry is like a rocking chair..always moving, never getting us any where. Meditate on thoughts that empower you, not weaken you!
Press On: 
Affirm  "I rise above anything that attempts to make me angry or afraid.  Negative thoughts, actions and feelings have no power over me."
"I believe only goodness, mercy and blessings lie before me this day." Empowering thought to meditate on today!
Peace and happiness come naturally as soon as we stop comparing and seeking approval from others.  Live your life happy, fit and healthy!
Optimism Amidst Adversity: 
If we know how to worry, we know how to meditate.  We just need to shift our thoughts in a better direction.  Think hopeful and optimistic.
Life is a process, a journey.  A journey to experience, learn, grow and love.   Let's love our journey.  The good and the challenges!
"a weekly dose of motivation" Happiness Habit: 
Slow down today and take in all the goodness and blessings around you!
"a weekly dose of motivation" AreYouTooBusy: 
"a weekly dose of motivation" Positive Focus: 
Choose to have a thankful, happy, optimistic attitude today! Happy Monday!
In order to live on purpose in thought, word and action...we need to live without excuses! Live on purpose today!
It's never your circumstances that get you down.  It's the thoughts you have about your circumstances.  Commit to optimism!
Set your mind on the positive things today!  See goodness and blessings around you. Being positive and optimistic energizes you!
Let's let go of yesterday.  Have faith and hope for the future. And enjoy each moment of your day today!
Go deeper.  Spend some time connecting to and nourishing your spirit.  Meditate, journal, prayer and contemplation...10 min...go deeper.
Happy Monday! Live on purpose today.  Enjoy your day on purpose.  Be grateful on purpose.  Be kind on purpose.  Be confident on purpose!
Enjoy "a weekly dose of motivation" What Are You Committed To: 
Be a magnet for all good because you choose to think and speak positively and optimistically.
Practice patience.  Everything takes longer than we think it should.  Everything is a process.  Enjoy the journey, and never quit.
Enjoy "a weekly dose of motivation" Be Calm On Purpose: 
Happy Monday! Go with the flow today, be steady and stable. Put your best self forward and allow the day to unfold!
"I radiate peace, joy, and confidence this day." An empowering thought to meditate on today! Roll it over and over in your mind!
Be unshakeable today.  Stand strong in your peace.  If you feel like you will lose it, pause and take a breath.  Be unshakeable.
An empowering thought to meditate on today! "God is the strength in which I trust, there is nothing to fear. All is well."
Enjoy "a weekly dose of motivation" Smiling While Crying - Learning from loss: 
Be a blessing today, radiate an energy people want to be around! It's a healthy way to live, so let your light shine today!
Happy Monday! Let's practice being kind and gentle today, on purpose.
Enjoy "a weekly dose of motivation" Creating A Strong Core: 
Happy September!  It's a perfect time to re-commit yourself to creating a fit, healthy and strong mind and body.  One day at a time!
Enjoy "a weekly dose of motivation" Don't Go Against Yourself: 
Let's try to see and believe the best in people.  We never have enough information to judge anyone!
Discipline is the bridge between setting your goals and achieving them!
Fear stops progress.  Feel your fear and go forward anyway.  You will gain courage and strength when you do!
A weekly dose of motivation - Moving Past Why: 
Be who you are and enjoy your life.  You are not really going to be in peace until you stop trying to compare yourself with others.
Get comfortable with not knowing the answer to "why." Trust, believe everything is unfolding as it should.  Stay focused on your goodness.
Shake off negativity today.  Turn off any negative voices.  Be uplifitng and encouraging to yourself and others today! Begin again today!
Training your mind to be positive and optimistic doesn't just happen, you need to practice this on purpose daily!
Enjoy "a weekly dose of motivation" Unshakeable Determination: 
Every day "stuff" happens.  Things to deal with.  One day at a time you can handle it in peace, calmness and confidence!
We grow spiritually when we face difficult situations with a good attitude.  Show up today happy, confident and in peace.
Everything Happens For A Reason: 
If you want to truly enjoy your journey, you must be at peace with yourself, peace with your past. Live your moments fully today!
Get really good at living one day at a time. When you do, you'll feel a peace and joy that is unshakeable.
Unshakeable Faith: 
Unshakeable Faith: 
Take ownership of your happiness and peace today! Find joy in the simple things in your day - a smile, a hug, sunshine. See the good!
No matter how big your goal is, keep pressing on, keep moving forward, keep looking up.  Do your responsibility each day, trust for results.
Refuse to bring any negativity into your day today.  Be responsible for the energy you bring each moment of your day.  Own your power!
Positive Self Talk: 
We all experience pain in life. Setbacks, challenges, difficulties-no one is immune to these experience.  Press on, and move forward!
Celebrate your victories today, no matter how small.  It will keep you energized and focused to press on and move forward!
There will always be something to work through or work towards.  You can get through anything and accomplish anything one day at a time!
How To Approach Your Day: 
#CWTLW Your weekly dose of motivation
Start your day empowered! Meditate, pray, journaling, exercise, inspired reading, gratitude practice. All powerful ways to start empowered.
It's never too late to begin again. To start thinking better, eating better, moving more.  The past has nothing to do with your future.
How will you choose to approach your day? Will you "reach for the light" like flowers do for nourishment from the sun? stay positive!
Happy Habits: 
When something happnes, and you just don't get it, trust.  Ride it out with the best energy and attitude you can. Just trust.
As the day ends, take time to reflect on all that went well.  Ask yourself, did I live this day well spent? What can I do better tomorrow?
If Not Today When: 
Our thoughts are energy. They are creating our future. Think thoughts that empower you today~ The way we think affects what we do!
Eat mindfully today. Don't rush.  Only eat when you are hungry and conscious of it.  This one practice will prevent overeating!
Think thoughts  that empower you instead of weaken you. The way we think affects what we do. Take positive forward moving action!
Your weekly dose of motivation - Don't Take Offense: 
Savor! Enjoy simple pleasures. Studies have shown this increases happy endorphins in our body. Linger in simple joys today. Be present!
Today look for the good in people.  We all have flaws and weaknesses. No one is perfect.  Be a light to someone today.
Refuse to be a person who is easily offended and takes everything personally. If we want to live empowered, we need to forgive, let go.
How to de-stress: 
Savor simple pleasures. Your morning coffee, spending time with family, good nourishing food. Savor more. It releases happy endorphins.
Practice being spectacular today in all you do, say and think.  Only good will come from it.
Refuse to compare yourself to anyone.  Run your own race. Comparing yourself is a form of fear, a self confidence killer. Live ur life!
One thought leads to heaven; one thought leads to hell.~Buddha  Meditate on good thoughts today! Keep them uplifted!!
Trust your journey.  One day at a time.  Be mindful that the only time you can live is right not, this moment.  Make the most of it.
Affirm today all day that ALL IS WELL  This is a hopeful, peaceful energy you are choosing to radiate.  It will keep you calm and focused.
No challenge, no change.  When you feel uncomfortable with certain life situations it's and opportunity to rise up and be strong.
Noticing your blessings in life is the foundation for all abundance. What are your simple pleasures and joys? What makes you smile?
Happy Memorial Day! May God's peace and strength surround all of the brave men and women who serve our country to protect our freedoms!
Choose faith and trust over fear and doubt today. Trust the process of life to bring you your highest good. Meditate and affirm this today!
Infuse your mind with optimistic thoughts. If things don't turn out the way you wanted today, look for something to be grateful for.
Being grateful will release positive endorphins in the body which promotes health and healing, look for the good!
The more you own your power to choose, what to think, say and do, the more powerful those choices become.
It takes courage and strength to be positive in the midst of negativity.
Take an optimistic approach today.  Affirming that whatever is happening, there is a reason, and it's for my benefit.
We all experience setbacks and challenges, the key is how you choose to respond. Respond in the most positive, uplifting and helpful way.
Ask yourself, "What's the opportunity here?" This keeps you in your power during challenging times.
Don't waste your time today on things that are  not helpful to you achieving your goals. Be focused. Think, say, do on purpose.
Live life fearlessly today.  Refuse to use your energy in worry and frustration. Trust, enjoy, stay present.
Do the things you know you should do, when you don't feel like doing it. Why? It builds self discipline, confidence and strength. #cwtlw
Leave the past in the past. Learn, grow, gain strength from it.  Be here right now, this day, this moment. #cwtlw
Be open and receptive to all good today. Decide  you will enjoy today, and put joy into your day. No one is promised tomorrow. #cwtlw
Make a decision each day that you will live a healthy day in both mind and body. Enjoy today. No one is promised tomorrow. #cwtlw
As a person thinks in his heart, so he will become. Dwell on thoughts of power, strength, faith and nothing will hold you back today. #cwtlw
We don't always have to allow outer circumstances to affect us negatively.  We always have a choice. Make a helpful, nourishing choice.
Be open and receptive to all good today...notice the beautiful gifts in your life, and say a silent "thank you." #cwtlw
Our thoughts create our experiences.  Our thoughts affect every cell in our body. Let's choose healthy and positive ones today. #cwtlw
Each day we are blessed with a new set of 1440 minutes.  Make each moment, each minute count. Live this day and choose well! #cwtlw
Where ever you are today, and whatever you are doing, be joyful, grateful, and in peace. #cwtlw
Today, take a moment and count your blessings! #cwtlw
Today let's expect good experiences to come to us.  Let's affirm that all is truly well in our world. #cwtlw
Start your day in an empowering way. Get a good workout it, meditate, read, journal.  Take time to set the tone for the day positively.
Do not curse the darkness. Light a candle. ~chinese proverb
Change your thinking, change your world. Meditate and contemplate good thoughts today! #cwtlw
Let's practice patience today. Patience is being at peace with the unfolding of life. #cwtlw
Today let's choose only thoughts and conversations that are helpful, nourishing and optimistic in creating the future we are wanting. #cwtlw
Today decide to enjoy every minute of whatever you are doing.  Put your full self into each moment. #cwtlw
Today, decide to  monitor your self talk, make sure that it is uplifting, helpful and supportive of yourself and others.  #cwtlw
We can only create in this now moment.  Create goodness today in your thoughts, words and actions. #cwtlw
What we give out, we get back....send out good energy today! #cwtlw
Enjoy this weeks "a weekly dose of motivation" 
Happy Friday! Today commit to monitoring your self talk.  Make sure it's uplifting and supportive of yourself and others! #cwtlw
We can only create in this now moment. Do and be your best right here, right now and allow things to unfold.  #cwtlw
Today is a gift! Rise up, reach higher, think and speak positively and optimistically.  Only good will come from your effort! #cwtlw
the first 10 min of your day are the most important, it sets the tone for the day. Start your day uplifted, strong and inspired. #cwtlw
Some people complain because God put thorns on roses, while others praise him for putting roses among thorns ~anonymous
who will u be?
Remind yourself that every day you live with a negative attitude is a day you have wasted. Life is too short too waste even a minute! #cwtlw
happy Friday! live your day fully! Each morning we are born again, what we do today is what matters most. ~Buddha
To make improvements you need to think differently, do something different, and bring a better attitude. Own it! #cwtlw
Happy Monday! Don't waste a minute of your day with a negative attitude.  Remind yourself that you can choose how you respond today. #cwtlw
Happy Valentines Day! Give yourself the gift of silence today, and unplug.  Get outside in the sunshine, and contemplate your blessings
Focus on how you want to be and feel today. No one is promised tomorrow. Be in your moment, where all our strength and growth takes place.
Happy Monday! What are 3 things that need to happen today for this to be an exceptional day? Focus, focus, focus #cwtlw
What are your simple joys? What makes you smile? Notice the things in your daily routine that makes you happy. Notice your goodness! #cwtlw
Happy Monday! Show up for your life today, whether you feel like it or not.  Bring your full effort. only good will come from it! #cwtlw
Happy Friday!! Small steps, small improvements done consistently lead to amazing results over time. Do one thing to move you forward today.
When things seem to be going wrong..dig in deep and realize there is a biigger picture unfolding, and it works out for your good. #cwtlw
ask yourself today, "What is one thing I can do  today to move forward in a positive direction? #cwtlw
Happy Friday! Live your moments today deliberately and consciously! Choose well! #cwtlw
What are your goals and intentions today? What will you do that is helpful to your health and wellbeing? Who will you be today? #cwtlw
Really appreciate life, right here, right now.  Today take time to contemplate your blessings. This keeps you in a healthy, positive state!
Commit to being a positive person, the positive you are, the more powerful you will be, the happier and healthier you will be! #cwtlw
Radiate an energy of optimism today! Know deeply that all is well, and everything is unfolding as it should.  Just trust. #cwtlw
If you allow other people to make you feel negative and stressed, it empowers them. Don't give your power away.  Be a positive person!
There is power in your ability to make a choice.   Will you choose to be healthy, positive, optimistic and in peace today? or not? #cwtlw
Happy Friday!  Use positive self talk today to build yourself up! A strong self  image is so important to achieve your goals! #cwtlw
To make improvement in any area of your life, you have to reach for a different more improved thought. #cwtlw
no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. love this quote by Eleanor Roosevelt. own your attitude! own your happiness! #cwtlw
Every thought you produce, anything you say, any action you do, bears your signature. Thich nhat hanh
Gratitude is a powerful energy for creating positive, healthy changes in your life. Meditate on your blessings today!
Have a grateful spirit. Thankful people are happier and healthier!  Be thankful today! #cwtlw
Give this day your best in attitude and action. Don't half ass anything. That way, when you reflect, you can release and let results unfold.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. ~Maya Angelou #cwtlw
Choose to be calm, at ease, and in peace today no matter what is going on around you.#cwtlw
We can only control  our own thoughts, attitudes and actions.  Don't try to change other people. You will be wasting your time and energy.
Every day is a new beginning. Don't waste it. Give your day the best attitude and action you can and only good will come from it! #cwtlw
Believe that everything is unfolding as it should, and any problem is working out for your highest good. #cwtlw
Build yourself up each day!  Have a good positive outlook, speak words that are helpful, and uplifting. Eat clean, Exercise. #cwtlw
Don't take any one's negativity personally today.  Stay in your peace and positivity.  #cwtlw
We can't change other people. Be responsible for your own health and happiness. Own it. When you get happy/healthy it benefits everyone.
Decide to start each day in a positive, healthy direction.  Get a workout in, eat a healthy breakfast, meditate on your blessings. #cwtlw
Life is going to challenge us. How will you respond? Will you embrace it, work through it and move forward positively or be defeated?#cwtlw
Make time for stillness, silence and contemplation.  Get quiet.  When practiced consistently it strengthens you. #cwtlw
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.~Christian D Larson
Happy Friday! Build yourself up literally. Speak only words that uplift you. Stop the self defeat and strengthen yourself with goodness.
Believe in yourself today. Dare to be all you can be. Dare to be as healthy and happy as you can be. Have great expectations. #cwtlw
Celebrate your successes. It's so easy to focus on your mistakes and what is not going right. Learn, grow, move forward. #cwtlw
Build yourself up today. Speak only words that are helpful, and uplifting to you, your goals, your dreams! Stop criticizing! #cwltw
Happy Friday! Don't let anyone steal your joy and calmness today.  Own your power to choose your attitude, and response. #cwtlw
Decide today you will have a positive attitude toward everyone and everything.  This one decision will keep you strong. #cwtlw
It takes a strong will to live a positive, healthy life. It takes a strong will to rise above the little things. #cwtlw
Decide today you will be peaceful, calm, and positive.  Don't allow any one or any thing steal your calmness. #cwtlw
Learn to let go of the things, habits, emotions that weigh you down. When you let go, you make room for the new. #cwtlw
Let your attitude be based on hope and expectation, let the words you speak be based upon hope and expectation. #cwtlw
You can make each moment a meditation. Be mindful, breathe and contemplate an uplifting mantra/affirmation. #cwtlw
"There is only you, this moment and a choice." Oprah....Will your choices be helpful, nourishing and uplifting? #cwtlw
Limit negative input today. Being constantly fed bad news will keep you in a state of fear. Choose to be in peace no matter what today.
Focus on the goodness in your life. No matter what is going on around you, there is always something to be thankful for. #cwtlw
There is power in choosing. Own it. Be conscious. Pay attention. Choose thoughts that are helpful, and nourishing to you. #cwtlw
A weekly dose of motivation! Keep calm in the midst of storms! 
Enjoy the sunshine today! Feed your spirit, nourish your soul through meditation, prayer, journaling or even taking a good run/walk. #cwtlw
Happy Friday! Enjoy each moment today, even your "growth moments". We are here to learn, grow, love and enjoy. #cwtlw
What goes around comes around.  Keep your Karma positive, optimistic, peaceful, and loving. #cwtlw
Every new day is the first day of the rest of your life! own it! #cwtlw
Will you allow circumstances to define you, destroy you or strengthen you? Stand up and persevere. Be strong one day at a time. #cwtlw
Happy Monday! Life is never going to be perfect, but it is good, and it is a blessing when you choose to live with that belief. #cwtlw
Happy Friday! enjoy the sunshine. Get 10 min of natural sunlight for a good healing dose of Vit D today. Be good to yourself. #cwtlw
Give today your best! And release the rest. Control what you can and allow all else to be! #cwtlw
Meditate on a super powerful mantra or affirmation today. It will strengthen you mentally and emotionally! #cwtlw
start your day today counting your blessings! this puts you in a positive frame of mind :) #cwtlw
happy Monday! Refuse to worry today. It's a waste of time and energy.  Use your energy in the right direction. #cwtlw
success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~Winston Churchill. Move forward towards your goals today! #cwltw
Take time to nourish your spirit today. Pray, meditate, take a walk, listen to music, etc.
#cwtlw
Take a break from the past today and pay attention to what's going on now. Be fully present in the moment! #cwtlw
Own a never give up attitude! Remind yourself that small steps every day add up to large results! #cwtlw
Practice patience today. Be present to your moment. Have a quiet steady perserverance in all you do. #cwtlw
look for what's right today. Use your voice not to complain, but to be grateful for what's going right. Complaining does no good. #cwtlw
Choose to be positive and optimistic today, no matter what. it's a powerful energy, own it!
Persistence, patience, and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. ~Napoleon Hill.  never give up on your goals! #cwltw
Life is about making choices and experiencing the results of your choices. We learn, we grow, we experience. Own it, and choose well. #cwtlw
Everyday is a new opportunity to move yourself in the right direction! Choose well today in all you do, think, and say! #cwtlw
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.~Ralph Waldo Emerson. Choose to stay in your peace today!
Dark times, challenges, low points are opportunities  of growth, strength and change. One day at a time move forward with optimism!  #cwtlw
Know deeply that your own inner peace does not depend upon anyone or anything but your own state of mind :) #cwtlw
Hit your happy list today! Add to it, do something that nourishes and uplifts you! #cwtlw
The only disability in life is a bad attitude~Scott Hamilton. great quote!Everyday you live with a negative attitude is a day wasted!
live life fearlessly! Trust, have faith, don't worry. Use your energy in a positive direction today! You always have the power to choose!
It's a beautiful day! We have only one day at a time to live, so choose to live a healthy day in all you do, say, and think!
Guard Your Mind 
