I love my Mom so much and so thankful and blessed that she chose me at birth and loving and accepting me.... I... 
Morning: "The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness." Happy... 
Playing Mortal Kombat X and loving it!!!!!! 
Your thorough analysis usually enables you to make the best-in... More for Virgo 
Morning: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~ George Bernard Shaw.  Have a great and fabulous day!!!! 󾀍󾬖󾠣
People seem to go beyond the call of duty to reassure you abou... More for Virgo 
Your resolve grows stronger throughout the day, raising your c... More for Virgo 
Even if you are famously known for your efficiency on the job,... More for Virgo 
Your powers of concentration turn you into a superhero today, ... More for Virgo 
You might believe that angels will swoop down to rescue you to... More for Virgo 
You are anticipating a shift in the emotional dynamics in your... More for Virgo 
Omfg the cutest thing just happened to me, I was in my backyard havin my morning cig and this cute cat runs up to... 
Two sisters reunite after 40 years apart, but there's a bigger surprise waiting 
I'm a strong believer in the paranormal and this show will seriously turn skeptics into believers but I suggest... 
It's so fucking terrible that my sis Jaime Rincon and brother Brian Modica had their storage unit broken into and... 
You're able to keep your feet on the ground today while also f... More for Virgo 
Happy World Gardening Naked Day!!!!!! #GrabAHoe — feeling optimistic
So very true... 
Ummmm..... Yeaaaaaa so fuck you Microsoft for telling me I look old! Thank you for the "ego boost"! Lol but I had... 
Gawd this song is amazing and gets me all emotional... Long Live Sia!!! — listening to Elastic Heart
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." — feeling emotional
You're hearing conflicting stories at work today and you don't... More for Virgo 
#iamalicensedstylist 
This weather is not cute!!! I'm at the store buying my makeup and hair and I'm drenched in sweat.... No Me Gusta!!! #sweatyhotmess
Concentrating on your job is more complicated now than anyone ... More for Virgo 
It's nearly impossible to understand people's behavior today b... More for Virgo 
Sometimes, you are the most creative when you interpret your i... More for Virgo 
It's not all that easy to trust your logic today, even though ... More for Virgo 
You normally know how to set limits that increase your efficie... More for Virgo 
You might be reticent to participate in social activities toda... More for Virgo 
Settling down isn't on your agenda today, even if you're tired... More for Virgo 
Making definitive plans for your next adventure isn't as easy ... More for Virgo 
"It's So Fluffy!!!" — watching Despicable Me

#powerlunchin and watchin Despicable Me... — eating lunch
Although your visions of the future may need clarification or ... More for Virgo 

#live — feeling happy at Fiesta Cantina - Hillcrest 

#toplesstuesday — feeling happy at Redwing Bar and Grill 
You want to put your skills to good use today, but it may take... More for Virgo 
Your current optimism motivates you to take care of business a... More for Virgo 
You may sound more wishy-washy than you feel today because lov... More for Virgo 
You could throw your normally cautious approach to intimacy ou... More for Virgo 
You usually prefer to take things step by step, but your curre... More for Virgo 
People have a tough time trying to reason with you today becau... More for Virgo 
Ok seriously, I'm so done with always dwelling in the past everyday and always complaining bout how my life sucks... 
Virgo Horoscope for Wednesday, April 15, 2015 
Community or work responsibilities may keep you from enjoying ... More for Virgo 

#sistasforlife Living with my sista!! #live 
You may feel befuddled as you go about your chores today since... More for Virgo 
"You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down,... 


Stevie's Disturbia 
Yay congrats sista on completing your amazing and artistic Disturbia video! #DisturbiaRealness #yasss #werk 

Sharing every feeling may not be the smartest thing to do toda... More for Virgo 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
#yass #ReadyForHillary 
#ready 
󾌳
Your innate sense of discrimination sets the stage for creativ... More for Virgo 
Some deep shit of the day: "We must let go of the life we have planned to accept the one that is waiting for us."
Havin a kiki with my sis while watchin our favorite movie and gettin my cornrows touched up and tight!  It is fo... 
Following your predetermined path may be perplexing now becaus... More for Virgo 
Normally, you possess the enviable skill to singularly focus o... More for Virgo 
Your optimistic expectations won't guarantee that people will ... More for Virgo 
You may be required to pay an emotional price for intimacy yet... More for Virgo 
You are tempted to pull out all the stops and tell your curren... More for Virgo 
So excited to have another #girlsnight with my Sista Jonathon Michael tonight! We doin MO's for drag race plus a... 
A powerful person who is usually your ally might act so far ou... More for Virgo 


What a perfect way to start off my Monday by watching my favorite Wesley snipes movie... Lol 󾌩 Have a Gay day... 
Ooh look at all the pretty colors!!! 
I'm obsessed with my new hairstyle!!!! My sista @rihrih86 cornrowed the hell out of my hair and did a fierce job!! 
#prisonbitchrealness #SoHard 
#ICanSeeRightThroughYou.... Haha!!! 󾌩󾌩󾌩󾬖 — watching Death Becomes Her
You're not hiding anything on purpose now, but it could be nat... More for Virgo 
You feel as if people can't be trusted now because they don't ... More for Virgo 
Yay just finished coloring Easter eggs with my mom and lil brother!!! I feel like a kid again and it feels so... 
@RuPaulsDragRace Yassssss hunty #werk
Impulsive spending isn't a very wise idea today because it mig... More for Virgo 





Here's How to Cope and Deal with Your Loved One's Bipolar Disorder 
Anyone who has ever dealt with or is dealing with age discrimination needs to watch the new show called Younger... 
Yassssss I've been counting down the days til the new hit TV series, Younger, finally aired on TVLAND and I... 

The Funniest Selfies of 2014 
Yaaaassssss this has to be my all time favorite life motivator quote and for now on when I wake up every morning... 
You may be required to grow in unexpected ways now by exercisi... More for Virgo 
IThank you so much for the gorgeous green dress Casey Rahuba!!!! i love it!!! 󾌬󾌬󾌬
You may be less traditional in your thinking today than others... More for Virgo 
Living with my bitches!! #live Congrats Brian on your promotion!!!!! Werrrrrkkkkkk — feeling happy at Redwing Bar... 
You are happiest today when you are actively pursuing your fut... More for Virgo 
You think you can narrow your focus and limit your distraction... More for Virgo 
The stakes seem higher today than they are in reality. Unfortu... More for Virgo 
You can benefit from an compatible relationship between your e... More for Virgo 
You can convince others that your position is a solid one, but... More for Virgo 
You are determined to produce measurable results today, but yo... More for Virgo 
You're quite proud of your work, even if no one seems to appre... More for Virgo 
Your power of analysis is inherently strong as long as you are... More for Virgo 
You can grow obsessed with your plans for an upcoming adventur... More for Virgo 
You might discover a way to embark on a special trip, an exten... More for Virgo 
You may be conflicted about whether to join forces with others... More for Virgo 
Someone's emotional disclosure can be rather upsetting to you ... More for Virgo 
It seems as if everyone except you is living in a dream world ... More for Virgo 
You begin to see the possibilities ahead through a wide-angle ... More for Virgo 
The real world impinges upon your fantasy life today, forcing ... More for Virgo 
You are grateful that you have your common sense to fall back ... More for Virgo 
You are usually quite rational in your approach to solving pro... More for Virgo 
You're stuck between two uncontrollable forces without an appa... More for Virgo 
An opportunity to express yourself creatively is slipping away... More for Virgo 
Nothing much has changed since yesterday, but you might feel m... More for Virgo 
You are at the top of your game today, applying your intellige... More for Virgo 
Dear diary, 
   I wish I was pretty and more feminine looking so maybe for once in my life people would be a lot... 
We be turnt up last night.... Lol love you Jonathon Michael!!! 
Yasssss ma'am!!! 

Living for my new hair #live 
You are highly capable of managing your business affairs now, ... More for Virgo 
An inkling of self-doubt could lead you to reconsider a recent... More for Virgo 
You believe that a straightforward approach to your chores is ... More for Virgo 
Although you are usually quite exacting in how you put facts t... More for Virgo 
Your feelings are all over the map today as the Full Moon in y... More for Virgo 
It's much healthier to express your feelings than to keep them... More for Virgo 
You may have been suffering in silence for too long with hidde... More for Virgo 
You are receiving an unexpected burst of energy now, but it's ... More for Virgo 
As paradoxical as this sounds, you need to plan your spontanei... More for Virgo 
Being receptive and responsive to your friends and family may ... More for Virgo 
Standing back from your current obligations enables you to ree... More for Virgo 
Seeing your partner or coworker in a rational light is nearly ... More for Virgo 
You want all your friends to feel comfortable today while you ... More for Virgo 
You're not as isolated from others as you think, even if you a... More for Virgo 
Your nervous system continues to receive numerous messages tha... More for Virgo 
Although your motivation to succeed hasn't disappeared, you're... More for Virgo 
You might be frustrated with your own fluctuating moods today.... More for Virgo 
The need to redefine relationships may start to subside now, b... More for Virgo 
You are the source of inspiration for your friends and associa... More for Virgo 
You have no tolerance for boredom today, making it crucial to ... More for Virgo 
You are eager to try ingenious approaches to your work, a favo... More for Virgo 
Your ideas might appear to lack ingenuity today, but they're p... More for Virgo 
Expressing your conflicting desires to someone you love may se... More for Virgo 
Contradictory currents wash back and forth across your life, m... More for Virgo 
Normally, you have more than your fair share of common sense a... More for Virgo 
You may have a highly productive day in store, providing you c... More for Virgo 
Something intangible may be missing from your life today, even... More for Virgo 
You're not ready to trust your choices today because you think... More for Virgo 
Methodically checking off items on your to-do list one at a ti... More for Virgo 
It's not your top priority to convince others to accept your b... More for Virgo 
There is no need to overreact if someone makes unreasonable de... More for Virgo 
You routinely expend a fair amount of energy making sure that ... More for Virgo 
You have your heart set on getting ahead at work, but don't ne... More for Virgo 
You desire a quick resolution to a lingering disagreement and ... More for Virgo 
You could sour a sweet moment by giving it too analytical of a... More for Virgo 
There is no reason to take the fall for someone else's erratic... More for Virgo 
You might attempt to cling to the irrefutable facts as if they... More for Virgo 
Petty disputes with your friends or family may stir up old wou... More for Virgo 
You have ambitious objectives and probably have already lined ... More for Virgo 
You think you can sidestep relationship obligations because yo... More for Virgo 
You often struggle while tackling several tasks simultaneously... More for Virgo 
Your efficiency is challenged by people around you today as th... More for Virgo 
You may feel a sense of relief because you see a friend or par... More for Virgo 
You might encounter obstacles today as you attempt to turn you... More for Virgo 
There's a lot of commotion around you today, making you feel n... More for Virgo 
Unrealistic dreams may crash down to earth today as you try to... More for Virgo 
It's no fun being bossed around by a coworker who isn't as eff... More for Virgo 
If you recently made resolutions to improve your lifestyle, yo... More for Virgo 
There is nothing wrong with trying a radical new approach to s... More for Virgo 
Don't be so certain that you know what's happening because you... More for Virgo 
Although you might switch your attention to more playful activ... More for Virgo 
Establishing emotional stability is a challenging task today b... More for Virgo 
You may be able to tell that an emotional power struggle is br... More for Virgo 
Uncharacteristically, you're tempted to throw all caution to t... More for Virgo 
You take quiet pride in being able to analyze the dynamics of ... More for Virgo 
Carve out some time to uncover the hidden meanings behind the ... More for Virgo 
Exploring the source of your anxiety today pays off in the wee... More for Virgo 
It could take several more days for relationship dynamics to s... More for Virgo 
Managing your mood swings may be a challenging task today beca... More for Virgo 
You may be pulled into someone's emotional melodrama today, re... More for Virgo 
Being emotionally vulnerable is more likely now that the sensi... More for Virgo 
Although you will likely receive the emotional support you see... More for Virgo 
You can thoroughly enjoy yourself today, even if there doesn't... More for Virgo 
Although you need to be around other people today -- friends o... More for Virgo 
You can create something of lasting value today, even if this ... More for Virgo 
You're overly concerned with making the disparate pieces fit p... More for Virgo 
You're at a fork in the road and have choices to make now that... More for Virgo 
Too much and too fast are not your style. You prefer to reduce... More for Virgo 
Your nerves may be on edge if your day doesn't unfold accordin... More for Virgo 
This could turn out to be a rather mellow day if you don't fil... More for Virgo 
Your social diplomacy is a necessary ingredient to manage the ... More for Virgo 
Sharing your feelings may not feel safe now, but the emotional... More for Virgo 
You quickly grow annoyed if others aren't as diligent as you a... More for Virgo 
Other people may appear to be the source of your confusion now... More for Virgo 
You are usually critical in your analysis of a situation yet y... More for Virgo 
Assimilating so much information may be a bit overwhelming now... More for Virgo 
Getting closure on a creative project is a high priority now, ... More for Virgo 
Establishing a methodical work pace is crucial now, for uneven... More for Virgo 
You believe that your decisions are rational and you're willin... More for Virgo 
You might become temporarily tongue-tied today as your desires... More for Virgo 
Staying on track at work is nearly impossible today because yo... More for Virgo 
You don't necessarily believe you deserve any extra recognitio... More for Virgo 
Opportunities abound to cultivate new friendships or even beco... More for Virgo 
All of a sudden, romance seems more of a priority now that aff... More for Virgo 
You may obsessively seek a simplistic fix to a complex problem... More for Virgo 
You might not have to go anywhere today to receive a positive ... More for Virgo 
Sometimes it's logical to set rationality aside and trust in y... More for Virgo 
It's natural to focus on each individual component of a job to... More for Virgo 
It's not always easy to let someone get to close to you, but r... More for Virgo 
Your social life is the source of complications now, motivatin... More for Virgo 
Performing mental gymnastics might be a clever way to maintain... More for Virgo 
You may experience a strong emotional charge today, but sharin... More for Virgo 
You're being pulled in two directions now, making it tough to ... More for Virgo 
You want your coworkers to have fun today and you're willing t... More for Virgo 
There's no use to stress about your inconvenient attractions t... More for Virgo 
Your highly refined work ethic makes doing the right thing eve... More for Virgo 
Your decisions are complicated by someone else's assumptions o... More for Virgo 
If you truly want to improve your relationships, you must trus... More for Virgo 
This is an unusual but exciting day, and you're more inclined ... More for Virgo 
You may grow annoyed if no one seems to be working as diligent... More for Virgo 
Normally, organizing details is the fuel to your fire, helping... More for Virgo 
You want to be an integral part of the social activities today... More for Virgo 
Your emotions may conflict with your logic once the moody Moon... More for Virgo 
You might not know whether to stand on your soapbox and shout ... More for Virgo 
You can tap into a rich source of creativity today, but you mu... More for Virgo 
Balancing your innate need to have all the details in place wi... More for Virgo 
It's a brand new day and you can make a fresh start handling f... More for Virgo 
No matter how much you want to follow your prearranged schedul... More for Virgo 
Your current inclination is to put a positive spin on everythi... More for Virgo 
Moving a project forward can be quite time consuming today bec... More for Virgo 
You work best when you have a detailed plan that you can execu... More for Virgo 
You may encounter an unexpected speed bump on the road of life... More for Virgo 
It seems as if your emotions are settling down now that the pr... More for Virgo 
You could be extremely self-critical now as you consider your ... More for Virgo 
You may struggle to be upfront about your own desires, yet you... More for Virgo 
You could make a choice for all the wrong reasons now if you p... More for Virgo 
You seem to have a more profound sense of what commitments you... More for Virgo 
You're highly susceptible to people's opinions now, even if th... More for Virgo 
You are on a wild emotional ride now as you feel irrepressible... More for Virgo 
What you say is less important today than how you say it. Ther... More for Virgo 
You have a clearer picture of your future now than you have ha... More for Virgo 
Your fantasies can seem so real today that you actually believ... More for Virgo 
Someone may be withholding important information from you now,... More for Virgo 
You can feel the tension today if logic isn't leading you to t... More for Virgo 
You may try to deepen a business or personal relationship now,... More for Virgo 
You may be yearning for a radical new experience that can teac... More for Virgo 
You have the power of persuasion on your side today and could ... More for Virgo 
Don't lose touch with your own needs today because the Moon's ... More for Virgo 
You are usually the champion of analyzing situations and disce... More for Virgo 
There's an uncharacteristic rigidity to your decisions today. ... More for Virgo 
Sometimes you want to wait for everything to be perfect before... More for Virgo 
You are thriving in your creative element now and are eager to... More for Virgo 
Openly sharing your feelings today has a direct impact on your... More for Virgo 
The intensity of your feelings begins to cool today, but this ... More for Virgo 
You would be quite content these days if people left you alone... More for Virgo 
Although you think you know exactly what you want today, your ... More for Virgo 
It might seem as if you have been quietly planning forever, bu... More for Virgo 
You could be feeling as if you are stuck in a corner with no c... More for Virgo 
You could become so consumed with your desire to acquire somet... More for Virgo 
Since you typically have high expectations for yourself, you c... More for Virgo 
Your sleep may have been a bit restless last night with the Mo... More for Virgo 
You can't easily explain your behavior today because your acti... More for Virgo 
The overwhelming uncertainty of your life could undermine your... More for Virgo 
If you are looking for the best time to say what's on your min... More for Virgo 
You are being lured out of your comfort zone, beyond the safet... More for Virgo 
You can express your current feelings without any inhibition t... More for Virgo 
You could receive opportune assistance at work today, but you ... More for Virgo 
You might be so enamored with what you're learning today that ... More for Virgo 
A friend or associate might turn your day inside out when he o... More for Virgo 
Putting your feet solidly back on solid ground today is the fi... More for Virgo 
You may not be very inspired today; in fact, you might feel do... More for Virgo 
Although you prefer to have everything pinned down in advance,... More for Virgo 
The evocative Moon returns to impulsive Aries today, triggerin... More for Virgo 
Even your best efforts at communication could lead to confusio... More for Virgo 
Your emotions could drive you to make a spur-of-the-moment cho... More for Virgo 
You might find that putting your plans into motion is more cha... More for Virgo 
Focusing on your chores may be nearly impossible today as enti... More for Virgo 
Surprisingly, you're not worried about how efficient your meth... More for Virgo 
You know exactly what you want today and might try to involve ... More for Virgo 
Your desire for adventure conflicts with your need for perfect... More for Virgo 
Your changing moods swing like a pendulum now, prompting you t... More for Virgo 
You might not communicate everything that needs to be said now... More for Virgo 
Pushing to the front of the line often feels awkward for virtu... More for Virgo 
Everything seems to be moving at a faster pace today, but you ... More for Virgo 
There are secrets you must tell, yet it may take more time to ... More for Virgo 
An unexpected expense might create cash flow problems today, b... More for Virgo 
A wave of optimism encourages you to make a significant commit... More for Virgo 
You might think that time is slipping by too quickly now that ... More for Virgo 
You might be so concerned about the reactions of others that y... More for Virgo 
The cosmic tides are pushing you to bring your unexpressed nee... More for Virgo 
It may seem like everyone is working against you now, but it's... More for Virgo 
You could be so concerned about what your friends are thinking... More for Virgo 
You like to think of everything in advance, but all the prior ... More for Virgo 
Although you might be dreaming about an exotic getaway to a fa... More for Virgo 
Someone might try to persuade you that you're doing the right ... More for Virgo 
Your passion is a source of power now and even a challenging o... More for Virgo 
Don't bother trying to accomplish too many mundane mental task... More for Virgo 
You could have an exciting vision about your future today, wit... More for Virgo 
Hiding your feelings isn't a viable option now since everyone ... More for Virgo 
Normally, you can deftly manage the details of a complex proje... More for Virgo 
Your words might be sharper than you realize today and could c... More for Virgo 
You know better than to immediately choose one side in an argu... More for Virgo 
You're receiving mixed cosmic signals today, telling you to st... More for Virgo 
It's your usual no-nonsense style to roll up your sleeves and ... More for Virgo 
You may roll out of bed this morning already feeling better fr... More for Virgo 
You are happy to be in your element today and pleased to have ... More for Virgo 
You could find yourself in discussions that don't seem to go a... More for Virgo 
You may get clarity now on a situation that you were previousl... More for Virgo 
Your current apprehension may evolve into a minor temper tantr... More for Virgo 
Your energy continues to oscillate like a pendulum today. This... More for Virgo 
Don't allow any distractions to hook you today or you could qu... More for Virgo 
You realize that you're in the middle of an internal battle, e... More for Virgo 
You aren't as in touch with your feelings today as you were ov... More for Virgo 
Playing hooky sounds like a great idea in theory but it won't ... More for Virgo 
Your secret desires might go unfulfilled today, blocking your ... More for Virgo 
You could be entangled in an internal argument about whether t... More for Virgo 
You're not saying everything that's on your mind today and you... More for Virgo 
You receive a cosmic attitude upgrade today; people actually s... More for Virgo 
Although you're not about to lay all your cards face up on the... More for Virgo 
Although logical thinking comes naturally to you and you're at... More for Virgo 
Your brain has been operating in high gear ever since the week... More for Virgo 
You want to convey the information you have at your disposal a... More for Virgo 
You have a more realistic picture of how others perceive you n... More for Virgo 
You are all set to enjoy yourself today because your heart and... More for Virgo 
Don't let your cautious approach to making travel plans preven... More for Virgo 
You know you must do the right thing now, whatever the emotion... More for Virgo 
You might feel remorseful today if you recently suppressed you... More for Virgo 
It seems as if your friends and coworkers have grown wishy-was... More for Virgo 
It may take all of your concentration just to keep up with you... More for Virgo 
Some aspects of your home and family dynamics might not be goi... More for Virgo 
You are on a mission today and you won't let someone get in yo... More for Virgo 
The most in-depth analysis won't likely help to solve your cur... More for Virgo 
It's not your usual style to become so excited about the futur... More for Virgo 
Although you hope to balance your personal desires with the ne... More for Virgo 
Don't dismiss someone's new idea just because it's radically d... More for Virgo 
You might appear to be extremely outgoing today, revealing you... More for Virgo 
Keeping yourself busy is not a substitute for being productive... More for Virgo 
Someone may jolt your world unexpectedly today with an intense... More for Virgo 
Find a way to express your disappointment today before it tran... More for Virgo 
You have work to finish today, and if you can stick to your cu... More for Virgo 
Even if you are trying to maintain an easy going attitude abou... More for Virgo 
You could question everything that you do today, especially if... More for Virgo 
You have arrived at a crossroads where your intuition is telli... More for Virgo 
You really don't want to disappoint your workmates, but they m... More for Virgo 
Your goals may be so altruistic now that you begin to wonder i... More for Virgo 
You aren't a happy camper if you discover someone is keeping p... More for Virgo 
Casually contacting a friend could end up helping you professi... More for Virgo 
Step away from all the hectic noise today and escape your ordi... More for Virgo 
Your self-reliance is admirable but you're still not free to j... More for Virgo 
You may be so excited about starting something new today that ... More for Virgo 
You face an uphill battle now as you try to figure out why you... More for Virgo 
Your spiritual and metaphysical interests can take on greater ... More for Virgo 
You can drive yourself nuts today if you try to focus your att... More for Virgo 
Doing the same old thing in the same old way isn't working for... More for Virgo 
You could be worried about falling into a rut with your regula... More for Virgo 
You could be on such a tight schedule that it's challenging to... More for Virgo 
You might be dreaming about a spiritual journey that's for you... More for Virgo 
A dramatically different approach to how you handle conflict w... More for Virgo 
This is a very emotional time because you have a detailed pict... More for Virgo 
A radical change of direction could be your best strategy toda... More for Virgo 
A solution to your current problems may be discovered in how y... More for Virgo 
Operating with self-restraint feels all too familiar these day... More for Virgo 
Your analytical powers are operating on a highly efficient lev... More for Virgo 
You may be driven toward getting your own way now, yet it migh... More for Virgo 
You are in a long-term process of having one shell after anoth... More for Virgo 
Although you can put your best foot forward now by acting more... More for Virgo 
Although career decisions continue to be in the foreground, yo... More for Virgo 
Acting with brilliance may be a lot simpler than you think tod... More for Virgo 
You do your best work when you filter out extraneous data befo... More for Virgo 
You could feel a bit detached from everyone else today, as if ... More for Virgo 
Getting together with your friends to share your dreams sounds... More for Virgo 
You could confuse others at work with your scattered energy to... More for Virgo 
Telling someone how you feel today is more complicated than yo... More for Virgo 
Keeping your mind on work is tricky today because there are so... More for Virgo 
You could be pleased with how a relationship is developing, bu... More for Virgo 
Others may fantasize of far-off places as their means of perso... More for Virgo 
When the emotional waters get too deep, you Virgos like to fal... More for Virgo 
Your hectic schedule is just one indicator of your vibrant men... More for Virgo 
You are capable of secretly holding onto an old wound for too ... More for Virgo 
Working extra hard to put everything in order might be a lost ... More for Virgo 
Talking about your feelings before you conduct your careful an... More for Virgo 
It may be socially awkward to share your strong feelings for s... More for Virgo 
Even if you have an ambitious plan to mount a carefully choreo... More for Virgo 
Nothing is gained by pushing the river, for the water ultimate... More for Virgo 
You may feel stressed today, but the tension can push you into... More for Virgo 
At first, you may be overly idealistic about your professional... More for Virgo 
You might feel as if you're at odds with yourself today becaus... More for Virgo 
Your friends and acquaintances aren't the best positive influe... More for Virgo 
You are uncertain about how far to take a conversation today. ... More for Virgo 
Your emotions are your power source now, enabling you to take ... More for Virgo 
A long-lost acquaintance may resurface in the days ahead, sinc... More for Virgo 
It's often easier to be open and honest when there's something... More for Virgo 
On one hand, you almost always aspire toward quality in your w... More for Virgo 
You may feel as if you're being bounced around emotionally tod... More for Virgo 
Handling your responsibilities quickly leads you in the right ... More for Virgo 
You don't want everyone to know your likes and dislikes, promp... More for Virgo 
It may be time to share an unsolvable problem you have been ke... More for Virgo 
Although your feet are firmly planted on the ground, your feel... More for Virgo 
You know exactly what needs to be done today, but you might be... More for Virgo 
What appears to be a professional setback at first could actua... More for Virgo 
Although you may be operating on information overload, Neptune... More for Virgo 
If you recently postponed an important decision, grab the chan... More for Virgo 
Your mood greatly improves as you slide into a groove of produ... More for Virgo 
Your interactions may seem to be emotionally volatile now that... More for Virgo 
It seems as if you're tied to the clock today, with very littl... More for Virgo 
You might be so sure of your position today that you bait some... More for Virgo 
Pay attention to everything that happens to you today since yo... More for Virgo 
You may have an erroneous view of your partner or coworker tod... More for Virgo 
You may be harboring secret illusions about how you want to li... More for Virgo 
Although you may be feeling a bit anxious today, setting prior... More for Virgo 
Your word for the day is nuance, but it could get lost in the ... More for Virgo 
You don't have to relinquish any authority today, but neither ... More for Virgo 
Your coworkers often rely on you to think critically and calml... More for Virgo 
Although you can't shake your natural tendency to be practical... More for Virgo 
Your big ideas could sweep you off your feet today. You might ... More for Virgo 
You may cherish your friends and family even more these days, ... More for Virgo 
You are growing tired of handling one surprise after another a... More for Virgo 
Your energy may be stretched very thin now because a recent bu... More for Virgo 
You have to pay the piper today, especially if you waited unti... More for Virgo 
You're not interested in being the leader of the pack today; y... More for Virgo 
Relying on help from others is tricky today, so consider strik... More for Virgo 
Although you might appear to be overwhelmed at work today, you... More for Virgo 
You fully intend to take care of business today, even if your ... More for Virgo 
You're naturally skillful at integrating new information in a ... More for Virgo 
Although you want to demonstrate your magnanimity today, you c... More for Virgo 
Sometimes you appear exceptionally cool on the surface so that... More for Virgo 
You might experience a setback today if your current plans are... More for Virgo 
A personal relationship could be stressed today, leading you t... More for Virgo 
Your boss might be counting on you to come up with a solution ... More for Virgo 
Applying the energy of today's Taurus New Moon Eclipse empower... More for Virgo 
You most likely spend your time tying up as many loose ends as... More for Virgo 
Charging full force into your day may not be the best use of y... More for Virgo 
All kinds of partnerships continue to be a major focus now, bu... More for Virgo 
Although your intuition is working overtime today, it could ra... More for Virgo 
Visualizing your future is easier if you stop intellectualizin... More for Virgo 
Unexpected disruptions at work can create surprising opportuni... More for Virgo 
Your day starts off innocently enough, but the energy grows mo... More for Virgo 
You have had to learn tough lessons about self-restraint over ... More for Virgo 
You could be a bit overwhelmed with all the changes coming at ... More for Virgo 
Scheduling spontaneous playtime may seem like an oxymoron, but... More for Virgo 
You may have a clear picture of where you want to go now, but ... More for Virgo 
Rewards for your creativity are closer than you realize, but y... More for Virgo 
You can execute nearly any mental maneuvers like a skilled gen... More for Virgo 
You might think that your intentions are obvious to others and... More for Virgo 
Your analytical skills are your greatest strength now, especia... More for Virgo 
It's not too late to show your compassion and offer words of p... More for Virgo 
Your over-the-top optimism sets you up for disappointment toda... More for Virgo 
The potential for change is all around you. You may feel rathe... More for Virgo 
You are naturally a hard worker and you rarely have trouble de... More for Virgo 
You try to keep your preferences quiet today because you don't... More for Virgo 
You have more time to figure out how to improve your cash flow... More for Virgo 
You want to be more engaged with your coworkers, but your caut... More for Virgo 
Typically, your top priority is putting all your facts in orde... More for Virgo 
Your current plans don't make as much sense now that everyone ... More for Virgo 
You have high hopes today but things just might not unfold as ... More for Virgo 
You are often content to work quietly in supportive roles, but... More for Virgo 
A spiritual awakening can come in a variety of guises. You may... More for Virgo 
You're likely to enjoy a busy day that is chock full of fun di... More for Virgo 
It seems like there's too much drama in your life now, trigger... More for Virgo 
Today's events may initiate a journey of questioning where the... More for Virgo 
Current responsibilities may create complications today becaus... More for Virgo 
Although a coworker or friend may seem unsure of the current d... More for Virgo 
Letting off a little hot air doesn't do a thing to further you... More for Virgo 
Nearly everyone seems to be more upbeat than you today, and yo... More for Virgo 
You might feel pleased with your cautious approach to self-exp... More for Virgo 
Sometimes it's nearly impossible to sort through all the detai... More for Virgo 
Although you may feel nervous today, you should be able to tra... More for Virgo 
It's a time of paradoxes for you meticulous Virgos because you... More for Virgo 
You may believe that someone is being manipulative in their de... More for Virgo 
You might be wondering if your coworkers and friends are suppo... More for Virgo 
Choosing whether or not to go ahead with your plans is tricky ... More for Virgo 
A close friend or romantic partner might catch you off guard t... More for Virgo 
Your power of concentration is one of your strengths, but toda... More for Virgo 
How you are able to function with so much intense energy in yo... More for Virgo 
Relaxing and enjoying a little downtime can be difficult today... More for Virgo 
At first, you think that your day will unfold according to you... More for Virgo 
You might try to hide your true intentions today. Even if you'... More for Virgo 
You have plenty to say today, but you might end up deciding th... More for Virgo 
Rethinking your position on an important matter may be necessa... More for Virgo 
Although you typically come through with whatever is required,... More for Virgo 
You're eager to accept the support of your friends and colleag... More for Virgo 
Many of your acquaintances are looking to you for guidance dur... More for Virgo 
You don't want to reveal your true feelings today because you'... More for Virgo 
It's all about establishing healthy patterns today and stickin... More for Virgo 
You have decisions to make today, yet you may be feeling ambiv... More for Virgo 
You're on a creative roll this week, and hopefully you will ap... More for Virgo 
Even if you don't accomplish everything that's on today's agen... More for Virgo 
Although your uncertainty makes it difficult to fulfill your c... More for Virgo 
A different perspective drifts into awareness today, but it ma... More for Virgo 
Although you might feel quite content with the status quo, you... More for Virgo 
You're inspired today by an ingenious approach to a work proje... More for Virgo 
Confusing circumstances seem to get in the way of your high ho... More for Virgo 
Managing your schedule with a creative flair gives you a much-... More for Virgo 
If a friend or partner appears to be out of touch with reality... More for Virgo 
Your current dilemma may reach its maximum tipping point today... More for Virgo 
You may entertain unconventional ideas about your health these... More for Virgo 
It may feel as if the possibility of reaching a goal is slippi... More for Virgo 
You're ready to make the best of an intense emotional situatio... More for Virgo 
There are serious issues stewing in your immediate environment... More for Virgo 
You could benefit from standing in front of a mirror today and... More for Virgo 
You have a love-hate relationship today with the same things t... More for Virgo 
Logic often runs your world but your restlessness might just g... More for Virgo 
A bit of tenderhearted compassion softens your emotional edges... More for Virgo 
You might feel invisible today, especially if you think that s... More for Virgo 
You might experience an exciting epiphany today that empowers ... More for Virgo 
Even if you have something important to say to a coworker toda... More for Virgo 
You have a lot on your plate today, yet unforeseen circumstanc... More for Virgo 
Balancing your desire to spend time with your friends against ... More for Virgo 
You might attempt to uncover some important information today,... More for Virgo 
A flurry of unexpected events tests your ability to multitask ... More for Virgo 
It's possible to have the same conversations over and over aga... More for Virgo 
Trusting your own judgment is a wise practice since you can pe... More for Virgo 
You might have already scheduled some fun for yourself today, ... More for Virgo 
Your sense of enthusiasm is often powered by your highly funct... More for Virgo 
You might want to experiment with a new approach when working ... More for Virgo 
It may feel as if you can't win in a current relationship stru... More for Virgo 
Although you may choose to tackle a nagging relationship probl... More for Virgo 
Whoever says that you can't loosen up is missing an important ... More for Virgo 
It is time to set your ducks in a row, sort your recipe cards ... More for Virgo 
If you have taken care of business over the last few weeks, yo... More for Virgo 
Your approach to your job isn't based only on effectiveness an... More for Virgo 
You can't approach your work in the same manner as you did las... More for Virgo 
Your personal life has merged with your professional world, bu... More for Virgo 
A flood of great ideas can pull you all over the map today and... More for Virgo 
Although you might offer your best ideas to someone else today... More for Virgo 
You could be feeling somewhat anxious today, even if everythin... More for Virgo 
Crossing items off your to-do-list is a piece of cake today wi... More for Virgo 
Instead of doubting your recent decision any longer, accept yo... More for Virgo 
It's as if you have received temporary permission from the uni... More for Virgo 
You may be overconfident of your ability to create a logistica... More for Virgo 
What someone doesn't say now grabs your attention, as if the u... More for Virgo 
There's probably plenty of drama going on behind the scenes to... More for Virgo 
You may be torn between managing the most practical aspects of... More for Virgo 
The nurturing Cancer Full Moon shines in your 11th House of So... More for Virgo 
You might have to forget about gaining clarity now that mischi... More for Virgo 
You are feeling stressed as you attempt to balance your respon... More for Virgo 
You may be tempted to say something you don't really mean toda... More for Virgo 
A wide range of facts and figures can be overwhelming today, e... More for Virgo 
You might have a very rewarding experience in your own quiet w... More for Virgo 
Unchecked optimism is a significant part of your personal stor... More for Virgo 
Everything seems to be telling you that you can take it easy t... More for Virgo 
A loved one may come forward today to demonstrate his or her a... More for Virgo 
The alluring quality of your feelings can be quite intoxicatin... More for Virgo 
It's not that you're losing touch with reality today, but you ... More for Virgo 
You might feel overwhelmed by too much information today as yo... More for Virgo 
You may be feeling a bit out of sorts today, like you don't wa... More for Virgo 
Free-floating anxiety can be quite bothersome today, especiall... More for Virgo 
You have a lot you want to do today and you're eager to get th... More for Virgo 
You might try anything to keep your social plans from falling ... More for Virgo 
A lighthearted conversation may unexpectedly turn into a very ... More for Virgo 
Conflicting thoughts are difficult to resolve today. You might... More for Virgo 
You may not be able to trust your assessment of a situation be... More for Virgo 
Your intuition may lead you to the conclusion that you will so... More for Virgo 
Even if you strive to be perfectly clear when sharing your per... More for Virgo 
Although you typically may be cool, calm and collected, logica... More for Virgo 
You may feel a sense of discomfort today, going from a quiet m... More for Virgo 
Understanding your feelings is a complex matter now because th... More for Virgo 
It's time to consider everything you have to gain by maintaini... More for Virgo 
You may be fascinated by the tiniest details of your life, but... More for Virgo 
You feel torn between presenting your ideas to others and with... More for Virgo 
Your hopes for a relationship might be so high now that you ca... More for Virgo 
You tend to over-analyze everything you want to say today beca... More for Virgo 
Today's energy may bring a bit of emotional anguish as you wis... More for Virgo 
Your primary concern over the following weeks may involve find... More for Virgo 
Your thoughts are focused on decisions you must make at work n... More for Virgo 
It feels like one of those strange days when extraterrestrials... More for Virgo 
Just because you know where you're going doesn't mean that you... More for Virgo 
Although you may be unsure of your goals now, you can lean on ... More for Virgo 
You're more restless today than anyone realizes, but you're do... More for Virgo 
Your current business savvy is admirable, but your analytical ... More for Virgo 
A challenging relationship issue may give you a headache today... More for Virgo 
An emotional dilemma seems unsolvable today as someone holds y... More for Virgo 
Working extra hard could backfire today as the Moon travels th... More for Virgo 
You might not be able to trust your own logic today, even thou... More for Virgo 
You're turning into quite the philosopher these days, which ma... More for Virgo 
If you are overly anxious because something seems out of whack... More for Virgo 
You're pulled in two different directions today as the exubera... More for Virgo 
Your philosophical perspective and realistic attitude can have... More for Virgo 
You've made some important choices recently, but now you may s... More for Virgo 
You might develop nervous anxiety from the unusual thoughts an... More for Virgo 
You may believe that anything you can imagine is possible. Alt... More for Virgo 
You might prosper in love today, but circumstances could stres... More for Virgo 
Relying on your common sense can be tricky now because you kee... More for Virgo 
The Moon's return to your straightforward earth sign is a remi... More for Virgo 
You must be extra cautious today when you tell others why you ... More for Virgo 
You might think that your life is moving right along with prog... More for Virgo 
The cause of your symptoms may be elusive if something is both... More for Virgo 
You are not all that interested in overdoing anything, for sel... More for Virgo 
You might choose to leave your personal worries behind by atte... More for Virgo 
Relaxing your focus on work may seem like a good idea but coul... More for Virgo 
Approaching your career goals in a new way might make all the ... More for Virgo 
You are interested in helping others today, but you might not ... More for Virgo 
Your confidence receives a much-needed boost today from the de... More for Virgo 
Your head may be filled with fantastic ideas today, but many o... More for Virgo 
Your uncharacteristic desire to express your desires today cou... More for Virgo 
You are motivated by repressed emotions that may come close en... More for Virgo 
Your uncharacteristic desire to be different from everyone els... More for Virgo 
Your relationships feed your creativity now, especially if you... More for Virgo 
You can't easily let go of your preconceived notions of what's... More for Virgo 
Separating the useful information from all the superfluous dat... More for Virgo 
Someone at work may be acting overly sweet toward you today an... More for Virgo 
Establishing objectives in your personal life now is as import... More for Virgo 
Your ideas could be beyond brilliant today, but there's also a... More for Virgo 
Don't be satisfied with maintaining a comfortable distance bet... More for Virgo 
Steering clear of authorities might be the key to making this ... More for Virgo 
Spending time at home sounds like a good idea, but you may hav... More for Virgo 
It is time to put your plans into action because this New Moon... More for Virgo 
Don't give anyone else the power to lure you off track today, ... More for Virgo 
Clarity comes and goes and returns again -- but it is still to... More for Virgo 
You may feel emotionally protected but there are tensions stil... More for Virgo 
You may feel waves of positive energy flowing into your life n... More for Virgo 
You're tempted to hide out today, but reality may not be so fo... More for Virgo 
Keeping your agenda private today may seem like a good idea, b... More for Virgo 
Your advanced organizational skills are needed to bail someone... More for Virgo 
An unresolved relationship issue is on your mind now that you'... More for Virgo 
Relaxing is a challenge today because you're afraid of what ma... More for Virgo 
A family member or close friend may come through for you now i... More for Virgo 
You have more accessibility to your own emotions today, and th... More for Virgo 
There are so many intriguing possibilities pulling you in diff... More for Virgo 
Be extra careful as you schedule your time today, since you ca... More for Virgo 
Regaining control of your finances and getting a handle on you... More for Virgo 
Mastering the gift of compassion isn't always easy, but now it... More for Virgo 
You may be high on life today, but your current confidence abo... More for Virgo 
You like the idea of doing something different at work today o... More for Virgo 
It's tricky to keep your emotions in check today. Logically, y... More for Virgo 
Your energy level skyrockets now, giving you more oomph, zest ... More for Virgo 
You are rejuvenated by a fresh surge of energy that washes thr... More for Virgo 
Since you are usually very conscientious when making commitmen... More for Virgo 
You might have a brilliant idea today about an activity that i... More for Virgo 
You're quite serious about relationships today, but, thankfull... More for Virgo 
Your inflated hopes about a gathering of family or friends can... More for Virgo 
If you are working too hard, it's time to start claiming your ... More for Virgo 
Your analytical skills are even more finely tuned now that an ... More for Virgo 
You feel more secure when you have useful information at your ... More for Virgo 
Sometimes you have a hard time trusting the eternal optimists ... More for Virgo 
It appears as if circumstances are unfolding according to your... More for Virgo 
You may think you need to make a decision about money today, b... More for Virgo 
Your financial picture is looking rosy but you may be required... More for Virgo 
You may not be willing to give an inch today, especially if so... More for Virgo 
You are precariously balanced on the edge between light and da... More for Virgo 
You're so idealistic about your future that your fantasies can... More for Virgo 
Use your renowned analytical abilities to discern what are the... More for Virgo 
An ongoing dilemma in your love life might be based on a basic... More for Virgo 
You might need to withdraw emotionally today because your frie... More for Virgo 
Taking care of business sounds like a good idea today, but you... More for Virgo 
You might not know how to make sense out of your feelings toda... More for Virgo 
It's frustrating when others at work don't understand your mot... More for Virgo 
You're quite comfortable sharing your thoughts now that the Mo... More for Virgo 
This is the beginning of a transitional phase when you must su... More for Virgo 
Trusting your intuition isn't always the simplest task since t... More for Virgo 
Interacting with the right people now opens doors that were pr... More for Virgo 
You know better than to immediately choose one side in an argu... More for Virgo 
It's time to make a crucial decision about how best to spend o... More for Virgo 
Although you logically know what's best for you, you're still ... More for Virgo 
You're emotionally on edge today, yet you can still project en... More for Virgo 
You are tempted to overcompensate for your current uncertainty... More for Virgo 
You don't want to keep your fears quiet now, even if you're wo... More for Virgo 
It doesn't matter how perfect something looks today; don't be ... More for Virgo 
Even if you're stressing over significant issues, ultimately t... More for Virgo 
Your current sense of nostalgia might lure you back into your ... More for Virgo 
Even if you're in touch with both your positive and negative f... More for Virgo 
Managing your current problems can be tricky business now. How... More for Virgo 
You want to share your crazy plans now that trickster Mercury ... More for Virgo 
You actually feel more centered than might be expected of you ... More for Virgo 
Sticking to the truth is absolutely crucial today because your... More for Virgo 
You're more likely to share your emotions now that the New Moo... More for Virgo 
Although prioritizing your feelings makes sense, denying the i... More for Virgo 
Your analytical approach works well for you these days with th... More for Virgo 
Your dilemma is that logic and practicality won't fix anything... More for Virgo 
You are stretching your wings today because you believe that p... More for Virgo 
Your friends come through for you in unexpected ways today. Ho... More for Virgo 
Your tendency to approach your friends and colleagues with unn... More for Virgo 
Your changing needs add complexity to a current emotional situ... More for Virgo 
Although you sound quite passionate about many subjects today,... More for Virgo 
You may be feeling a bit anxious because you don't know how ot... More for Virgo 
You might be surprised by someone's selfish behavior today and... More for Virgo 
It's quite a feat to cleverly embellish your story so much tod... More for Virgo 
Although you might attempt to gloss over a few details today, ... More for Virgo 
Although you may try to maintain clarity in communication, you... More for Virgo 
Your key planet Mercury is being rattled by unstable Uranus an... More for Virgo 
Although you prefer relationships to be clearly defined, somet... More for Virgo 
You might not be very clear about your role in relationships t... More for Virgo 
It's challenging to know where to draw the line between realit... More for Virgo 
Reevaluating your priorities inspires you to set new relations... More for Virgo 
It appears as if the spotlight is on someone else and that you... More for Virgo 
It's nearly impossible for you to gauge how much is enough tod... More for Virgo 
Your life seems to be moving too fast these days, yet you real... More for Virgo 
Your mind is moving so fast today that it's hard for you to ke... More for Virgo 
It's all about your unexpressed thoughts today as your key pla... More for Virgo 
Your detached approach won't be enough to get you through the ... More for Virgo 
Voices within your own head are judging everything you think t... More for Virgo 
A real intellectual connection with a spiritual truth can reve... More for Virgo 
Your moods change dramatically throughout the day as you alter... More for Virgo 
You derive your logical and analytical powers from the discrim... More for Virgo 
You could be feeling more judgmental now than you prefer, but ... More for Virgo 
Although many people take a break for the summer, this may be ... More for Virgo 
Your imagination might get the best of you today, especially i... More for Virgo 
You don't want to be overly reliant on anyone else because whe... More for Virgo 
Rest assured that current opportunities might lead you toward ... More for Virgo 
Your sharp thinking is now the source of recognition at work. ... More for Virgo 
You may spend a lot of time today modifying your goals and try... More for Virgo 
Your current restlessness pushes you right to the edge of chan... More for Virgo 
Although unspoken words generate emotional intensity in ways y... More for Virgo 
There's magic in the air, filling your day with spiritual crea... More for Virgo 
There's likely a power struggle going on close to home, even i... More for Virgo 
You may fly so high now that you annoy someone who feels the n... More for Virgo 
No matter how sharp your senses are tuned and how precise your... More for Virgo 
The greatest thoughts are of little value unless they are brou... More for Virgo 
Your mind is busy with important work now as you integrate dev... More for Virgo 
Your ideas may be worth more than anyone perceives, but it's d... More for Virgo 
You are in touch with a deep urge to seek out new meaning to y... More for Virgo 
You are quite aware of your social obligations now and you are... More for Virgo 
Opportunities are promising today as your ruling planet Mercur... More for Virgo 
Although you long for a more relaxing schedule today, your eff... More for Virgo 
You may feel waterlogged now, as if you have been deluged by e... More for Virgo 
You're tempted to throw all caution to the wind today, risking... More for Virgo 
Naturally, you want your friends and workmates to appreciate h... More for Virgo 
You might feel under pressure to make money or contribute your... More for Virgo 
You may experience a hard time today because you cannot clearl... More for Virgo 
You can't decide what to do now if you feel that the energy is... More for Virgo 
Your self-confidence may be slipping now as you recollect a ti... More for Virgo 
The evocative Moon's return to your sign today gives you the e... More for Virgo 
Delving into your fantasies might be quite fruitful today as b... More for Virgo 
Managing your relationships can be a bit tricky today because ... More for Virgo 
Today's Cancer New Moon emphasizes your 11th House of Networki... More for Virgo 
Your friends and associates may turn your day inside out if th... More for Virgo 
Your scattered energy might confuse people today and inadverte... More for Virgo 
You might accidentally fall into a role of playing the victim ... More for Virgo 
You may be under a lot of stress now, but you can turn a diffi... More for Virgo 
Inevitable changes increasingly infringe on your reality and y... More for Virgo 
Although you might have expressed powerful emotions over the p... More for Virgo 
Reexamining your assumptions about romance could shed new ligh... More for Virgo 
Practicing social diplomacy helps to grease the wheels of rela... More for Virgo 
It can be annoying when your family and friends seem to be so ... More for Virgo 
It's too soon to make a detailed plan because you might not ha... More for Virgo 
Your friends and associates may be so concerned about your emo... More for Virgo 
Mercury's retrograde turn pulls you in too many directions tod... More for Virgo 
Several planets visiting your 11th House of Friends connect yo... More for Virgo 
You are at the beginning of a spiritual journey that's for you... More for Virgo 
The Capricorn Full Moon emphasizes your 5th House of Self-Expr... More for Virgo 
A barrage of domestic distractions makes it challenging to sta... More for Virgo 
For some reason it's tough to follow through on tasks that sho... More for Virgo 
Your perspective on what's happening today is generally positi... More for Virgo 
You may receive good news on the job today. Although it might ... More for Virgo 
You're looking sharp in the eyes of others at work now, and yo... More for Virgo 
Your innate analytical skills might not be of much help today ... More for Virgo 
People have a challenging time reading your energy today becau... More for Virgo 
The Moon's current visit to your sign blesses you with the abi... More for Virgo 
You're entering a more social phase now, so get ready to have ... More for Virgo 
You may be quite effective in the execution of your chores as ... More for Virgo 
Your friends and associates could surprise you today if they r... More for Virgo 
If you're having a hard time choosing a direction in life now,... More for Virgo 
Although your workweek might not start the way you prefer, thi... More for Virgo 
Dealing with the fallout from other people's reactions can be ... More for Virgo 
Although today's whimsical Gemini New Moon may quickly dispers... More for Virgo 
It's challenging to go with the flow because you're afraid of ... More for Virgo 
You might lose motivation today, especially if your work has b... More for Virgo 
You're quite comfortable today because you like it when your f... More for Virgo 
Finish your big tasks early in the day since you might become ... More for Virgo 
Today you might be able to get away with some sloppy thinking ... More for Virgo 
You may be intrigued by something you don't know now. You real... More for Virgo 
You may be concerned that you're too busy today, but you don't... More for Virgo 
The boundless Pisces Moon's presence in your 7th House of Othe... More for Virgo 
Your coworkers seem to have a few surprises up their collectiv... More for Virgo 
The Moon's visit to humanitarian Aquarius while the Sun is tra... More for Virgo 
A big-hearted supporter could enter your life now, bringing a ... More for Virgo 
You are running on a creative high today, yet you may be conte... More for Virgo 
You might be your own worst enemy today, especially if you fee... More for Virgo 
Assimilating so much new information all at once can be quite ... More for Virgo 
You may get caught up in a struggle to balance quantity with q... More for Virgo 
You may not be very clear about what is expected from you now,... More for Virgo 
You're doing your best to live your life according to the limi... More for Virgo 
You find it difficult to make financial decisions if you're ye... More for Virgo 
You know exactly what you must do to successfully achieve your... More for Virgo 
You would like to be able to count on others today, but you ma... More for Virgo 
You normally don't like too many distractions, yet you're stil... More for Virgo 
Check out theweeklytreehouse on @justintv 
@Jeancarlos18j @sandylima19 @MatCro  GET MORE FREE FOLLOWERS ? VISIT  - 
The swipp index for ke$ha is amazing as a music artist!!! is +3.0 on  @getswipp. See more data here: 
 #swipp
The swipp index for me and jessica bein stoopid at da club! is +5.0 on  @getswipp. See more data here: 
 #swipp
yope007's photo 
MyEmotions
Status
Distaste. I'm washing my hands. With soap. For the sixth time! 
@AlyssaEdwards_1 I'm living for your look on the runway tonight!! Love you!!
@ViviennePinay yay I can't wait!!
@TheOnlyDetox loves it!!
@AlyssaEdwards_1 I will be rooting for ya!! Go you!!
@Classified1A big hugs!!!
@RuPaulsDragRace @logotv yay I can't wait for the new season of @RuPaulsDragRace to start!!

Please retweet

@Marc_Dylan werrrrkk it out Hun!
All that #vajiggle-jaggle is not beautimous! I love Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and all their ism's!!
I am a serious RuPaulholic @RuPaulsDragRace
Goodnight tweeters and friends!!

@MimiImfurst that shit that people post on your wall is bullshit! But hunty bad comments like that only make them look bad. I support ya!
@kathygriffin I love your show mamas!! It's so refreshing and hilarious! I fell in love with since I saw u at gay pride San Diego!!
Me in the snow at mammoth mountain! Fun times!! 
TrAnny cop! Hehe 


@LogoTV I'm just so excited for the new Drag Race season to start on Monday that I could spit. Lol!

@yarasofiapr you are my favorite Hun! Yara Es la número UNO Bonita perra!! Te amo!
I'm watching #Cyndi and she is amazing!! Thank you so much for taking care of those kids and shooting that commercial!! Go you!
@LogoTV I can't wait for the new season of Drag Race to start on Monday!! Lots of fierce and pretty girls this season!!
#moredancemoms
Check out my ride in #CSRRacing for iPhone! Try it for FREE!

Having fun playing CSR Racing for iPhone, why not join me for FREE?

@RuPaulsDragRace Alyssa Edwards is fierce and amazing.
