Look how happy and healthy I am after my surgery. I tried running but the man yelled at me. Something… 
Insight into ghosts. Funny. #ghosts #pandora 
This is what they pulled out of my bladder. The sharp one in the top left was what was in my urethra.… 
My surgery went well. Now I just gotta hang around here a bit longer to make sure all the dope is out… 
At the VCA, waiting for my surgery. I'm nervous, The Man left me here with strangers who put me in a… 
These are my giant bladder stones that I have to have removed with emergency surgery tomorrow. Wish… 
Bud light tastes like the flat soda a homeless guy used to rinse off birds. #LastWeekTonight @ home 
Well he moved so he must not be quite dead yet. I'll call him Stanley because he's flat. #FlatStanley… 
Still dead. #MooseAndSquirrel @ Eagle Creek State Park 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Dry pavement, broad daylight. #dumbass @ Eagle Creek State Park 
I'm done letting people I hate choose how I live my life. ~ Ari Shaffir #AriShaffir @ Eagle Creek… 
Good advice for all "The next time you're freaking out remember it's only a string in your throat" ~… 
That is the deadest squirrel I've ever seen or smelled. It's so far removed from life I'm not even a… 
The kids at school know The Man pretty well, they put this on his desk. #MeanMan 
Last Week Tonight Bud Light Commercial 
When you see the Southern Cross for the first time you understand now why you came this way. 'Cause… 
"I have the energy of a bear that has the energy of two bears!" #SeaLab2021 @ at the bottom of the sea 
"You treat an outside wound with rubbing alcohol, you treat an inside wound with drinking alcohol."… 
Why do we, Americans, give a shit about this and why is it breaking news when black people are being… 
Why is the term "Paddy Wagon" still ok? It denotes that it is either driven by or full of "Paddies"… 
I thought maybe one of the men was sick but i have found the source of the stank. #cowshit @ Home 
Mmmm, free salad. #FreeSalad @ Home 
The Man is boring me. All we ever do is sit here. #BoredAndMyOwnerSucksAtLife @ Home 
The Man's Identity has officially been stolen through the January Anthem security breach. Someone… 
Why is it still ok to be bigoted against the Irish? Just sayin', I'm a strong black woman and I… 
Cyndi's Late-Night music club Baskery -Old Man 
Doesn't mean that much to me to mean that much to you. #DontCareWhatYouThink 
The Man got a new light for his fishies. It has a remote control and built-in timer, it has a 15… 
Yay! Now we're back home. #HomeAgain 
The trip continues #OnTheRoad 
On the road. Let the 2 days of vacation begin! 2 days just me and the man and the open road! #vacation 
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because its owners are irresponsible. @ Home 
The Man made a pot of chicken soup but no one would come eat it with us. I guess we'll freeze it and… 
The man is stoopid and mean and should learn to understand and simulate human emotions. #asshole @ Home 
One of the man's servers "shit the bed" as he put it and texted him until he woke up. 1hr + later… 
Of coarse the day the man tries to leave 20 minutes early to come home and take care of me he gets… 
The Man just muttered something about officially declaring Lord of the Flies. Anyone have any idea… 
We, as Americans (and Canine-Americans) are largely stoopid, uninformed and only worry about the NSA… 
The man says this is how he feels people around him are every day. 
Ruby and Scooter are pals. #AnimalPals @ home 
Hurts a little but maybe we deserve it? #fixthisnow @ home 
A day in the life of Brandon's 20 gallon reef tank compressed into 28 seconds.  Full video at… 
A day in the life of a 20L Reef Tank. 5:30am-9:30pm March 28th compressed into 28 seconds #reeftank #timelapse 
A day in the life of a 20L Reef Tank. 5:30am-9:30pm March 28th compressed into 28 seconds #reeftank: 
RIP Mike Hawk II. Brandon (the moron hence forward) didn't put the screen on top of the tank last… 
The Man is finally finished with all of the spring break projects he had at work. Now we can go out… 
Fast and the Furious 8: Glendale Mall Nights. I bet if we look close enough we'll see Paul Walker's… 
This year's first thunderstorm induced panic attack #spring @ Carpe Diem Meridian Campus 
The Man and I put in 13 hours today. We found laptops hidden in the weirdest places, one above the… 
The Man and I have never been embarrassed to be Hoosiers before. I can't say that anymore.… 
The Man sure does love his knives. #sharp @ Home 
If you leave it on the floor it becomes a dog bed #NotHappyIamAtWork @ Carpe Diem Meridian Campus 
If you didn't think insurance companies are a scam institution that should be torn down look at The… 
The Man likes to call this game #dead Each of these movies features an actor that has recently (in… 
The man and I are getting ready to dog-sit Sam for Mr. Hagrid at Sam's house. #PeeingOnSamsTrees @ home 
The man is enjoying Jameson and a broiled chicken salad w/raspberry vinaigrette. Yogurt covered… 
How have I never seen this album cover? I'm as big a Rick Springfield fan as it's possible to be (not… 
A perfect starfish. We never see those, they're always broken; split in half (that's how they… 
Jameson's: Celebrating The quiet dignity of the Irish since 1780. #drunk @ Home 
I think the man loves these lovely ladies more than he loves me. He certainly spends more time… 
#shutdownthefuckbarrel 
Me n' my bestest buddy out for a Sunday morning drive (for coffee). 
Watch S19 / E1 - He Loves To Fly And He D'ohs on #Simpsonsworld 
Watch S20 / E2 - Lost Verizon on #Simpsonsworld 
Watch S9 / E25 - Natural Born Kissers on #Simpsonsworld 
My brackets and the reasoning behind them. I don't see the big deal. Stoopid basketsballs. #ihatethencaa 
You run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking, racing around to come up behind you… 
This made The Man and I incredibly sad. It's a short clip from the FX show 'Louie' titled 'Barney'.… 
The man set up a tank with live food for his fish. He treats those fish better than he treats me. I… 
Just posted a photo @ Carpe Diem Meridian Campus 
Tokin is embarrassed because he has to wear the cone of shame. 
The Man's new fish, Mike Hawk II. Yes, the man knows he is juvenile but he thinks it's funny. 
I think this is The Man's fantasy. @ home 
Bark bark. I’m irritated. It’s too early to get pestered. Stoopid DST. #DST 
The Man got a new guitar.  

It's gross outside but some people are in Hawaii. Those people are jerks. 
Ellen Ripley and I are to bad a** ladies.

Ellen Ripley and I are to bad a** ladies.



My hat is fancy
Waiting for her family at Logan's. Though I don't know why they call me family since I got to sit in the damn car.
