In a statement she says she is "fully committed" to advancing the cause of LGBT equality. More here 
Gosport's @cj_dinenage - who voted against same sex marriage - has been appointed Minister of Equalities at the Department for Education
Southampton's defeated Labour candidate Rowenna Davis thanks supporters 
How Mickey Mouse vote helped UKIP candidate in General Election 
Police probe sudden death after man found by roadside in Hampshire 
PHOTOS: Hundreds turn out for VE Day celebrations 
Man and woman taken to hospital after late-night crash in Hampshire 
Former Hampshire student accused of murdering two sex workers to plead not guilty 
Photos of Saints star James Ward-Prowse opening a school fair - and he's optimistic on the club's chances of Europe 
A few in the crowd getting up to dance. Even better, I've just bagged some free crisps. 
Musical entertainment outside Southampton's Guildhall for VE Day 
And after a UKIP surge, Malcolm Jones said he will win the seat at the next election.
.@MilesGrindey described his 2,129-vote haul as "phenomenal" and hailed a new of politics in Fareham.
More from @SuellaFernandes's victory in Fareham here 
I'm done for the night but my @dailyecho colleagues are still going strong delivering live coverage - 
Conservative Royston Smith has taken Southampton Itchen, while Labour's Alan Whitehead has retained Southampton Test.
Mike Thornton concedes Eastleigh 
Full Fareham results:
Con 30,689
Nick G 705
Green 2,129
Harvey H 136
UKIP 8,427
Lab 7,800
Lib Dem 4,814
Suella Fernandes wins Fareham
Anticipation building in Fareham... 
Mr Winnington admits it's a bad night for LDs nationally but hopes to make local issues important in Fareham. 
Speak of the devil...Mr Winnington has just swept into the room.
Unless he's hiding, Lib Dem Matthew Winnington still hasn't arrived at the Fareham count.
Reports from @dailyecho suggesting Conservative Mims Davies could be on course to take Eastleigh from Lib Dem Mike Thornton.
I would speak to Lib Dem Matthew Winnington...but he's not here yet. Reliably informed he'll arrive at about 2am.
Miles Grindey of the Green Party says he's happy to see friends and peers "vote for something they believe in" 
Conservative candidate Suella Fernandes is optimistic and says she's loved campaigning in Fareham 
Council officer going through spoiled ballots - '"none of the above"..."none of the above"..."corrupt system spelled incorrectly"'
UKIP's Malcolm Jones is very confident and proud of his campaigning. Tells me he believes he can win. 
And with that, counting is underway. 
Turnout at Fareham 71 per cent, down 0.6 per cent on 2010.
Independent Harvey Hines - who began his campaign on April Fool's Day - says he hopes he got young voters involved 
Progress update on the count. 
Labour's Stuart Rose (unsurprisingly) says he hopes exit poll is wrong. 
The Daily Echo's live coverage is here by the way, featuring updates from counts across the area 
Also says the question in Fareham isn't whether Conservatives will win, but how much their lead will be cut by.
Independent Nick Gregory not holding back - tells me Fareham is on course for a "collision" with new developments.
@M_Chippindale I should have brought War and Peace.
@M_Chippindale still time to get started on the Grapes of Wrath
@dankerins essential law for journalists in the background as well. Textbook.
Quiet chatter and the occasional shriek of laughter is the order of the day in Fareham.
The counting officer signifies we're underway in Fareham. 
@JohndickensSW cheers Dickens
So far seven per cent of those responding to the poll say they aren't going to vote.
I'm covering the count in Fareham and colleagues will be at counts in Southampton, the New Forest and Eastleigh.
Live election coverage from the Daily Echo has started here. I'd expect a few updates over the next 20 hours or so... 
Under-threat city pub going all out for possible last hurrah 
Guide dog hurt in 'berserk' attack - and owner forced to relive ordeal 
Student wins Easter wardrobe at Southampton shopping centre 
Ashley Bailey, 13, didn't turn up to school this morning and was last seen walking down the A35 towards Bournemouth 
Breaking: Teenage boy missing from Southampton 
Traffic chaos forces delay of Eastleigh's play-off match 
Urgent action urged to cut air pollution in hot spots like Southampton 
Report into yacht disaster that claimed the life of Hampshire sailor 
Mum whose children drowned in the bath jailed after breaching suspended sentence 
BREAKING: Two arrested after fatal hit-and-run in Southampton 

#ABPSouthamptonHalf 
Brilliant day at @MarafunUK and thanks to all spectators for the encouragement. Looking forward to next year already! 
Now for an hour and a quarter of desperately wishing I hadn't signed up.
And they're off @marafunuk @dailyecho 
The @MarafunUK 10k is about to start. It's pretty cold... @dailyecho 
I hope the run is easier than attaching the thing to my shirt. 
@cddpaul hi Paul, no problem. My email is james.johnson@dailyecho.co.uk
Undertaker who scammed elderly victims out of thousands is jailed 
Seems the @Conservatives were able to give me accreditation without knowing my passport number or home address 
Hundreds of children caught with drugs at Hampshire schools 
@JessicaLHaworth you've got way more followers than me. Maybe they give it to losers to make us feel better?
@JessicaLHaworth I got it without asking. A sign of greatness, I'm sure...
@JessicaLHaworth weren't you hot in that scarf?
@CharlotteNeal_ it exists because I was too stupid to see what was coming! The burger wasn't even good. 
@CharlotteNeal_ it's easy to say that when you haven't accidentally become the Daily Echo's 'man eating burger' stock photo
@DancingSheep1 love the ginger hair story!
@monicacassidyuk hi Monica, how's things? Just checking if you got the email I sent regarding the Gosport feature I'm doing. Thanks
@Chris_Wood_1989 hi Chris, just checking if you got the email about the Gosport election feature I'm doing for the Daily Echo? Cheers
@cj_dinenage hi Caroline, just checking if you got the email I sent regarding the constituency feature I'm doing? Thanks
Road closed and driver in hospital after Hampshire collision 
Man found seriously injured in Hampshire street 
@MilesGrindey hi Miles, just checking if you got the email?
@rebeccawinson (re: DM) that's fine - any luck with getting some pics I could use please?
@Harvesterstallo hi, I'm doing a Daily Echo piece on the election in Fareham - could you please email me on james.johnson@dailecho.co.uk
@rebeccawinson hi, I'm covering this event for the Gazette - could you please give me a call on 02380 424703 for a chat? Thanks
Manhunt under way after betting shop robbed twice in a month 
Late night assault leaves man in hospital 
Police are keen to speak to this man in connection with the incident at a Ladbrokes on Pound Tree Road, Southampton 
Police are investigating a robbery at a Southampton betting shop where a man made off with £1,500 cash - more at 
VIDEO: Election trail hits Hampshire as former Lib Dem leader comes to town 
Just interviewed Paddy Ashdown, who was out campaigning with @Mike4Eastleigh - see 
Spitfire hero's cigarette case returned to Hampshire museum after sledgehammer raid 
Cash-strapped college in new talks over potential take-over 
Chip pan fire leaves woman in hospital 
A woman was taken to hospital after a chip pan fire in Southampton last night - the full story will be up at 
Man falls from church bell tower trying to put clock forward 
Is there an election soon? 
Nine rowers rescued after capsizing in Southampton river 
Girl, 15, missing from Hampshire home 
Huge problems on the M27 southbound this evening - more info here 
@HantsPolRoads hi, I'm a reporter at the Daily Echo - is there any chance I could get a bit more info on this incident please? Thanks
The Conservative Party wants driving licence and passport numbers from journalists before providing campaign accreditation. Hmmm.
BREAKING: Teenage hospital patient rescued from roof in Southampton 
It's here! Huge USS Roosevelt aircraft carrier arrives in Hampshire 
@MilesGrindey @MichaelLCrick my mistake! And happy birthday...
MY HERO: Neighbour saves father-to-be's life by rescuing him from flat inferno 
BREAKING: Mystery death man found in Southampton street named 
@MichaelLCrick there's @MilesGrindey (Green, Fareham) 
The scene at Golden Grove, Southampton, where a man's body was discovered yesterday. 
Two men were taken to hospital after a fire in a flat in Portswood, Southampton, last night. Full story coming at 
@kimberleybarber it's like Where's Wally!
@HCA_UK cheers - full gallery here if you're interested 
PICTURES: Spectacular shots of Hampshire from the sky as £1.5m new runway opens 
Well, that was pretty amazing. Full story and more pics at 
Just about to take off... 
It looks pretty complicated. 
This is the plane I'll be getting a go in - the final preparations are being made. 
...and more. The first flights will be leaving shortly. 
There's a few impressive vehicles on the runway. 
... 
@sallyecho @Michael_Carr1 high five.
@sallyecho @Michael_Carr1 it's definitely gold and white and anyone who says otherwise doesn't know what they're talking about.
@NPASBournemouth @LymingtonCops hi, I'm a reporter at the Daily Echo - do you have a log number for this incident please? Thanks
@eg_ford lilac and brown.
@eg_ford @dailyecho is this what happens when I'm not there?
VIDEO: Road-rage brawl caught on camera in Southampton 
Firefighters are currently on a 24-hour strike in protest against an "unworkable" pension scheme 
LIVE: All eyes on Southampton for Immigration Street 
Five arrested after drugs raid in Southampton 
@Portchester28 I'll sort that, thanks a lot for your help.
@Portchester28 hi, I'm a reporter for the Daily Echo - can we use this pic for our website please? Thanks
Lib Dems choose @mwinnington to fight Fareham in election 
Fareham Liberal Democrats announce Matthew Winnington, current Portsmouth City Councillor, as their parliamentary candidate @dailyecho
It's on Channel 4 at 10pm tonight, for those who aren't boycotting it.
All eyes on Southampton for the big screening of Immigration Street tonight. Personally I'm quite intrigued 
Fears over the future of martime academy 
See a teaser for highly-anticipated show Immigration Street here - it's on Channel 4 on Tuesday at 10pm 
Police confirm the body found near Southampton Common yesterday is that of missing mum Charlene McCluskey 
@Kylie_Barton347 I did - just looking at it now actually! Thanks for sending it over.
Administrators say 26 staff made redundant in Fareham after Dytecna Ltd closes following "unsustainable pressure" on the business @dailyecho
RAF fighter jets scrambled after Russian bombers spotted off south coast again 
Russian bombers have been detected off the coast of England for the second time in under a month. More at 
Rail delays because of kitchen sink on the line 
@SW_Trains hi, I'm a reporter at the Daily Echo - is there any chance we can use this pic for our website please? Thanks
Police step up hunt for Hampshire Lego thief 
Police hunt man who stole thousands of pounds worth of Lego from a Hampshire supermarket 
@hayleyadams79 no problem, I'll do that. Thanks!
@hayleyadams79 could you put me in touch with anyone who's involved please?
Benedict Cumberbatch set to marry on Isle of Wight tomorrow 
Minister Matthew Hancock is meeting staff at Southampton General Hospital. More at 
Date for screening of Immigration Street confirmed 
@hayleyadams79 @LeahParkins @SaveTheBittern do you have a contact no. for organiser? Would be good to get a preview in the paper. Cheers!
For me the event is over but you can read the full story in tomorrow's @dailyecho and at 
The Question Time event has finished and attendees are invited to check out the business stalls. 
The panel all seem to agree that there should be greater female input.
A (male) member of the audience asks why the panel are all men. Suggests they 'go back to the drawing board'.
@JessicaLHaworth @Johndickens87 it's over in about 20 minutes so I'd hurry if you're travelling here
Simon Rhodes of Trethowans Solicitors says: "The best leader is not one who creates followers, it's one who creates leaders."
Simon Gates says that people being born now will have to work into their 80s to be able to afford retirement.
Simon Letts, leader of Southampton City Council, says the plan is to encourage people to the city centre and get them to stay longer.
The panel are discussing how technology has changed business. Stephen Gates refutes suggestions that the town centre will die.
@JessicaLHaworth @Johndickens87 definitely not
Stephen Gates of Denplan introduces himself. 
The panel are in place and we're just waiting for the crowd to make their way through to the theatre. 
@Johndickens87 unfortunately not
I've just been chatting to a few businesspeople at their stalls. The Question Time event will start in about 10 minutes.
Ms Barlow quotes Hitler: "Only constant repetition will finally succeed in imprinting an idea on the memory of the crowd."
Ms Barlow is showing examples of effective adverts using "suggestive" language. 
Ms Barlow is highlighting how to use words and images in branding. She chooses pink Dove as an example. 
Ms Barlow says the three key elements of business are people, product and marketing.
Denise Barlow of Hampshire Chamber of Commerce asks the crowd if they believe politicians. There's silence. 
Rob and Steve Barrow of Mid-Hants Fire Protection. Rob says: "We're here to explore this experience." 
A new guest has arrived - I got a hug. 
Quick video of the South Coast Business Works 2015 
She's wrapping up - the crowd have been set a personal challenge to complete by the end of 2015. 
Shelley Edwards is now asking the crowd to pick goals and think of ways they can achieve them.
I'd hazard a guess that this is the lineup for the Question Time panel... 
Later today there will be a chance to question a business panel including Stewart Dunn of Hampshire Chamber of Commerce.
South Coast Business Works opens this morning 
She says: "It's not about morphing into somebody else; it's about tapping into your own uniqueness."
Shelley Edwards is giving a speech on coaching and how it can help people achieve their potential.
And now Shelley Edwards of Progress to Success is delivering her seminar. 
Our esteemed editor @editorianmurray is rallying the troops for the next speech. 
I'm covering the South Coast Business Works for @dailyecho. There'll be updates at 
All 34 modifications have been agreed and the meeting will move to a debate.
Cllr Roger Evans jokes that the council probably doesn't have housing records going back to the year 206 (it's a typo)
We're up to major modification 29 of 34 now. Cllr Keith Evans is explaining each change as he goes.
So far 21 of 34 modifications have been agreed, with some debate. Anger from the public gallery is conspicuous by its absence.
Cllr Peter Davies - noting he has been on the planning committee since 'before the invention of the wheel' - notes concerns about rural land
Cllr Keith Evans jokes that he's not used to going at this speed.
Fairly rattling through so far - five major modifications have been proposed and agreed.
Cllr Paul Whittle criticised the plan and asked what would happen if it was found unsuitable. Cllr Sean Woodward admits it would be 'mayhem'
I'm at a @FarehamBC meeting to discuss its development sites and policies plan. It's quieter than the last meeting. 
UPDATE: Man dead after being hit by train in Hampshire 
Person hit by train in Hampshire 
@HantsPCMark Hi, I'm a reporter at the Daily Echo - could you give me a bit more info on this please? Thanks
@Downfader not one I'd heard about but I'm looking into it. Thanks for letting me know
To the disappointment of Dick Lowery, the underground bunker doesn't seem to have caught on as a holiday destination.
In the @dailyecho on September 2, 1981, the story of a family who had a week-long holiday in an underground shelter. 
'If an atom bomb drops tomorrow, we have nothing lined up' - county cllr John Goss in @dailyecho on March 20, 1981 
Investigation launched after high levels of carbon dioxide found at a Hampshire school 
@Downfader @dailyecho hi - I'm aware of one in Shirley but no others - could you give me a bit more info please? Thanks
Good morning everyone - I'm on the @dailyecho early shift today so if there's anything going on near you let us know.
Chance to see work of homeless shelter 
The one time there wasn't a weather warning .. 
David Orman, 16, who had been missing from St Leonards for more than a month, has been found safe and well.
And we're really not  #lovinit  

Updated with pics and video: Southampton Bangladeshi Association pro-democracy protest 
UPDATE: Police confirm body found in lake is that of missing mum-of-four Samantha Henderson 
Southampton Bangladeshis campaign against Sheikh Hasina 
Sleet snow and ice warning issued by Met Office 
Hampshire man @spybott is due to begin a 3,000-mile walk around the UK today. Read his story here 
Russian bomber intercepted by fighter jets off Southampton was carrying nuclear weapons 
@CharlotteNeal_ I'm saying nothing
Story and pics on the Immigration Street protests in London 
A demo against 'hate TV' show Immigration Street is underway in London. Full story shortly at 
@RealBenSibley a Sharknado? I'm listening...
@floppyrace bit early for brunch isn't it?
@PaulHenriCadier @dailyecho not our patch I'm afraid but @BasGazette might be interested
@JamieMeadejb hi Jamie, I'm a reporter at the Daily Echo - can you tell me a bit more about this item and when it was taken? Cheers
Good morning all - I'm on weekend duty for @dailyecho so if there's anything going on in the Southampton area give me a shout.
Russian envoy  summoned after fighter planes intercept nuclear bombers off Southampton 
@CharlotteNeal_ battery hen?! I resent that.
@CharlotteNeal_ I'm mostly just jealous I couldn't see it from inside the office
@CharlotteNeal_ it definitely isn't
Gang of fraudsters targeting elderly for bank cards 
@EmilyJParsons /slept in and made up an excuse. I know your game
@EmilyJParsons I assume Cumbria has come to a standstill?
@EmilyJParsons nope.
@EmilyJParsons it tells you something when that was the best choice
Fareham parliamentary candidate @MilesGrindey wants support for people with mental health problems - more at 
Last Bittern update for a while: Mum makes emotional plea for future of threatened pub 
Angry pub campaigners quiz McDonald's official at public inquiry 
@hayleyadams79 Should work now! Cheers
Inspector Lloyd Rodgers thanks everyone for their assistance and we're finished for the day. The inquiry will resume on April 9.
Mr Williams says the restaurant would not be open 24 hours a day, but from 7am until 11pm.
Residents are now questioning Mr Williams about zero-hour contracts, the choice of location, and the nutrition of the food it sells.
Mr Williams admits that McDonald's would not offer the same facilities as a pub.
Mr Williams is explaining the charity work that McDonald's does, including working with local football teams.
Mike Williams, head of acquisition for McDonald's, is next to give evidence.
The two extra days of the inquiry will be held on April 9 and 10.
@Mike7167 I'm not certain actually, but it was accepted by both sides so it must be accurate.
She's telling the inquiry that there's a risk that youngsters in the area will begin to eat unhealthily. Now we have a five-minute break.
Traffic expert Vanessa White has now finished evidence. Cllr Mary Lloyd will speak briefly.
Mr Pereira reveals that three recorded accidents in the area involved drunk pedestrians.
Mr Pereira triumphantly announces that there's only one accident in 20 years between a pedestrian and a car at a crossing point on the road.
The exchange gets spiky after Mr Pereira tells Ms White "don't try and be clever". They disagree on Thornhill Park Road crash statistics.
Mr Pereira will now resume his cross-examination of the council's traffic expert Vanessa White.
Exasperated sighs from the gallery as it's announced the inquiry will go on for another two days - but they might not be until April.
Here's the roundup from this morning's proceedings (but not sure why it has colleague @dailyecho_james's name on it!) 
We've now broken for lunch - back at 1.45pm.
Ms White accepts that there are currently no projects to improve Thornhill Park Road and that it isn't on the council's priority list.
Mr Pereira says delays are "part and parcel" of the traffic conditions on Thornhill Park Road. Ms White says McDonald's would make it worse.
Mr White and Mr Pereira are disagreeing over the traffic risks that a McDonald's would bring.
A slightly odd running order, but the cross-examination of Southampton City Council traffic expert Vanessa White will begin.
A second video shows a different truck attempting to reverse into a Texaco petrol station before giving up.
There are at least 14 vehicles waiting as the Co-op truck slowly stops, reverses and turns. Some members of the public are stifling laughter
The footage is showing a huge queue of traffic in both directions as a truck negotiates its way into a nearby business.
After a short break we're now going to watch a video of traffic around the pub.
Stuart McNee, director of nearby Aardvark Appliances, wants to know if McDonald's would compensate him for any lost earnings due to traffic.
Jason Blunt, who lives on Thornhill Park Road, is outlining his fears that a McDonald's would cause a problem with litter.
After lengthy discussion about what repair work needs to be done to the building, Mr McInnes has finished giving evidence.
James Pereira QC, for McDonald's, is arguing that Mr McInnes hasn't demonstrated that investment would be made into the pub.
The inspector asks Mr McInnes if he is using figures that he is comfortable will not get him in trouble. "Hopefully not", he replies.
He has calculated that if he were freed from Punch Taverns' drink prices the pub could save £56k a year.
Mr McInnes says that despite Punch Taverns' reduced beer prices he could save £6,401 per eight weeks if he could buy elsewhere.
Glen McInnes, landlord of the Bittern, is up next. He will seek to demonstrate the viability of the pub.
He refers to the Bittern as being in a location which is "not tied to either of the [nearby] ghettos".
Resident Howard Frost gets us underway, urging the inspector to turn down the appeal because a McDonald's "would not serve the community".
The fast food giant wants to knock down the Bittern pub on Thornhill Park Road and build a two-story restaurant. We're just about to begin
Good morning! I'm covering the second day of the public inquiry into whether McDonald's can demolish a city pub and build a restaurant.
Here's a roundup of today's public inquiry and there'll be more in the paper tomorrow 
We're finished for the day and the inquiry will resume at 10am tomorrow. See 
We're now covering traffic figures and what they mean. Ms White says risk to motorists would be heightened if the restaurant was built.
Ms White says the risk to pedestrians if McDonald's replaced the pub would be "significant" due to the increase in vehicles.
Vanessa White, highways development management team leader for Southampton City Council, is next to give evidence to the inquiry.
Mr Gregory has finished giving evidence and we're into a five-minute break.
Mr Pereira points out that despite there being a campaign to save the pub, this hasn't translated into beer sales.
Mr Gregory has conceded that despite considerable support for the pub, this is a "very small proportion" of people living in the area.
Discussing is getting technical again, covering the methods used in viability studies and how the council has assembled its case.
Public speakers have finished for the day and Mr Pereira's cross-examination of planning officer Andrew Gregory will resume shortly.
Mirth as Thornhill resident John Conroy remarks that "if there's any more fast food restaurants the fat will start running down the hill."
Deathly silence after the last couple of speakers - the clapping ban has prevailed.
A number of residents are highlighting their concerns about the extra traffic that a McDonald's would bring.
After Cllr Lloyd speaks warmly about the pub some members of public defy the clapping ban.
Cllr Mary Lloyd tells the inspector the pub has "an open fire in the bar and terrific conversation and people to meet".
After applause for Rev Jennings, inspector Lloyd Rodgers has just asked the crowd to stop clapping because it's taking up too much time.
Here's a roundup of this morning's session  
Reverend Duncan Jennings (centre) just gave his backing to the pub, saying: "It's an example of an essential hub." 
We're just about ready to go. Inspector Lloyd Rodgers on the right, planning officer Andrew Gregory on the left. 
Fundraiser's epic 3,000 trek around the UK for charity 
And we're done for lunch. More at 
Mr Gregory makes his first concession - admits that there is no requirement for alternative community uses to be taken into account
Mr Pereira says that the fact the pub wasn't put on the market is not a breach of planning policy; Mr Gregory disagrees.
The discussion is very technical so far, covering planning policy and how viability can be demonstrated.
Mr Gregory is now being cross-examined by Mr Pereira. A few members of the gallery have started sneaking out for lunch.
Mr Gregory says the pub's turnover is about £5,500 a week which "seems appropriate".
Mr Gregory notes that many pubs have a degree of shabbiness but this is often part of their charm - there are a few sniggers in the crowd.
Mr Gregory tells the inquiry that there are no signs the pub is currently struggling or running at a loss.
Mr Gregory says that he understands if the appeal is dismissed then the community may still be able to buy the pub.
Southampton City Council is opening its case against the appeal and planner Andrew Gregory is detailing why the McDonald's was refused.
Mr Denham spoke at length in favour of the pub and was applauded by large sections of the crowd.
Seats have been brought in for those who were forced to stand and we're beginning again. Mr Denham is due to speak.
We're now taking a short break and Southampton Itchen MP John Denham will speak when the inquiry resumes.
Mr Clarke said: "The Bittern has value to the community which is recognised by its listing as an asset of community value."
Mr Pereira said: "There is no information and there's no evidence or substance that suggests that the Bittern will continue as a pub."
The opening statements have been made - Mr Pereira had to stop speaking at one point due to grumblings from the crowd.
Both barristers have made their opening statements but Mr Pereira was disrupted by
And 3) whether or not the development has made adequate provision for infrastructure.
The key matters in the inquiry are 1) the effect the development would have on community facilities 2) the effect it would have on transport
Both parties will make opening statements and the inquiry will begin. The inspector is setting out the rules for witnesses giving evidence.
People are still arriving and the inspector has asked for more chairs to be brought.
The inspector and two barristers are currently discussing evidence, letters and documents that will be covered in the inquiry.
A number of residents have indicated they wish to speak about the plans. 
James Pereira QC will speak for McDonald's while Richard Clarke is representing Southampton City Council.
The public gallery is so full that the doors have been left open so people can stand outside.
McDonald's plans involve demolishing the Bittern Pub on Thornhill Park Road and constructing a two-story restaurant.
Government-appointed inspector Lloyd Rogers is running through procedural matters before we begin.
I'm at a public inquiry called after McDonald's appealed against a decision to deny them permission to build a pub in Southampton.
UKIP suspends one of its Hampshire MP candidates 
Turns out not everyone in Bursledon was happy with the PM's visit 
VIDEO: Prime Minister David Cameron sets out party manifesto in Hampshire visit 
I'm a little disappointed to have missed the Mirror Chicken in Bursledon today. Maybe another time...
Here's a bit more info on the PM's visit to Hampshire. The full story will be in tomorrow's paper. 
Prime Minister David Cameron visits 150-year-old Southampton business 
A few people (and police) are waiting for the PM to leave Bursledon Community Centre. 
Managed to have a short chat with the PM and the results will be at 
Mr Cameron has left the stage after a few questions and will now speak to regional media.
Mr Cameron says the upcoming election is the most important in a generation
PM says he 'wants to take part' in TV debates but refuses to commit
PM insists that national security was not breached by the much-publicised host phone call.
The key word from his speech was 'security' - said he wants more jobs and homes for first-time buyers
He is now taking questions from the national media before speaking to regional reporters.
Mr Cameron has finished his speech with a plea to the electorate to vote in Tory candidate Mims Davies in Eastleigh.
Mr Cameron is now setting out the Conservatives' five commitments to 'build a Britain that offers financial security' 
The PM will take to the stage here in about five minutes. 
In his speech the PM will say that British people 'deserve a reward' after years of austerity.
The speech is due to begin at 10.30am after the PM visited a Southampton business earlier this morning.
I'm covering David Cameron's speech in Hampshire today - online coverage will begin shortly at 
Hampshire beauty misses out on Miss Universe crown 
Hampshire-born Grace Levy has lost out in her bid to become Miss Universe. See 
Pennie murder probe accused pleads guilty 
@M_Chippindale I'm sorry?
This is great: Stunning time-lapse footage of the Hoegh Osaka being towed into Southampton 
Mr Hoban said: "This has been a difficult decision but the right one. It is time to turn a new page and take on some new challenges."
BREAKING: Fareham MP Mark Hoban to stand down from parliament 
@jccurtis1 That's brilliant. Worth the trip alone?
Man in hospital after tower block blaze in Southampton 
Fan admits confronting Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger during Saints win 
Fire breaks out at fashion shop River Island 
@Johndickens87 it's what they do.
Firefighters rushed to tackle a fire at River Island in Fareham Shopping Centre - more info at 

UPDATE: Stricken ship Hoegh Osaka will be towed into Southampton today 
Police investigation after body found on Hampshire beach 
Full story on last night's eventful Fareham Council meeting 
The Welborne plan will go to public consultation. Full story in tomorrow's @dailyecho
After five hours and 20 minutes we're onto the debate itself. And no members speak.
Cllr Peter Davies believes the council 'may have lost its way some hours ago'. He has a point.
In case you were wondering, the corrected typo was 'complemented' rather than 'complimented'.
Only ten pages of details left to be discussed. A typo on page 56 has been corrected. 
We're nearing the end of discussing the 23 modifications and to their eternal credit, everyone is still awake. 
We're now into hour four and members of the public are starting to leave.
We've hit the three hour mark and councillors have agreed to adjourn for 20 minutes. Twelve of 23 modifications left - could be a while.
Something approaching order has returned and the gallery is markedly more subdued.
Miraculously a proposed modification is passed without discussion.
After an outburst from the public mayor David Norris ordered that the gallery be cleared, but they've been given a second chance.
The council's solicitor has stepped in to tell members they cannot suggest a bigger buffer zone than has already been voted down by members.
At least three different amendments have been proposed to a single sentence. One councillor has his head in his hands.
A cry of 'this is a farce' from the public as councillors vote on a modification.
Things are moving forward now -discussion has reached modification three of 23.
Members are now being asked to vote on what they're able to do at this meeting.
Some members of the public are in hysterics.
Councillors are asked to vote on an amendment, but no-one knows which one is being referred to.
Councillor Peter Davies says the chamber has got itself into a 'shambles', to sniggers from the public.
It's now been clarified that only underlined or struck through text can initially be discussed. The gallery is becoming restless.
After moving onto the second modification councillors have now become confused at exactly what the process is. There's much discussion...
Debate will now begin on 23 modifications that could be made to plans for Welborne.
Fareham Council leader Sean Woodward is now speaking and being interrupted by jeers from the public gallery 
Anti-Welborne campaigner Shaun Cunningham spoke strongly against plans for the 6,000-home community to loud applause
I'm off to a @FarehamBC full council meeting where plans for 6,000-home Welborne development will be discussed. Story in @dailyecho tomorrow
UPDATE: a man has been bailed after an alleged sex attack in a Southampton playground 
Crowds brave the cold to queue for ex-My Chemical Romance frontman Gerard Way 
The full story will be up at 
I've been chatting to these Gerard Way fans who've been queueing for hours in the freezing wind and rain. 
Council to try and push ahead with 6,000 home plan despite criticism 
City's traffic issues blamed for insolvency figures 
A house was broken into and a laptop, iPad, and two Fossil watches were stolen. Anyone with info can call DC Barry Martin on 101.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a burglary in Grove Road, Fareham, between 9am and 4pm on Saturday.
(And on a lighter note) £150k pushchair for sale from demoralised dad who "never wanted children" on eBay 
Southampton pub at the centre of 62 trouble incidents - including a baseball bat fight - will stay open 
UPDATE: Playground in Southampton park sealed off after sex attack 
I'm at Houndwell Park in Southampton, which has been cordoned off by police. Story 
Update: six men charged with gang rape appear in court 
Southampton's Common People music festival gets green light 
Lifeboat crew braves 70mph winds to save three men and two dogs stranded near the Solent 
The @EnvAgency has issued a flood alert for the Lower Meon near Wickham and Titchfield but the river has already peaked and will now recede.
Strong winds in the Solent have forced the cancellation of Red @RedFunnel's high-speed service but the car ferry is operating as normal.
The car ferry is unaffected but passengers intending to use the Red Jet service in the morning should check the service's status beforehand.
I spoke too soon. Red Funnel Ferries has suspended its high-speed service from Southampton to West Cowes for the rest of the evening.
Other than that the Southampton and New Forest area appears to be holding up to the weather quite well.
The EA expect a particularly intense period of rain at about 3am and between 20mm and 30mm is forecast between now and 6am.
A flood alert - the least serious warning level - has been issued by the Environment Agency for the River Blackwater near East Wellow.
Huge fire breaks out at Hampshire dock 
@francisuk1989 thanks very much for your help!
@y00x great, thanks very much
@y00x can I please use this for the Daily Echo website? Thanks
Teen girls road deaths: Police interview driver 
A major investigation has been launched after two women suffered knife injuries in Southampton 
Police are hunting a gang of five masked thieves who stole £10,000 worth of cigarettes from a Hampshire store 
Paris attacks: Hostages taken in shoot out as police hunt massacre gunmen - LIVE UPDATES 
@Johndickens87 selling Tesco Broadband as well, I believe
Tesco's application to extend the opening hours of its Express store on Burgess Road, Southampton, until midnight has been approved.
@DPWorldSouthamp I couldn't resist - glad you like it!
Pizza Chicken Kebab Hot 2 U's application to extend its opening hours has been refused.
New Hampshire supermarket bid could create 40 jobs 
Additionally, Pizza Chicken Kebab Hot 2 U on Bedford Place wants to remove a condition stating that customers must leave the shop by 2.30am.
I'm at a Southampton City Council meeting where Tesco's plans to sell alcohol until midnight at a store in Swaythling will be considered.
Time-lapse footage from @FarehamBC offices showing Hoegh Osaka moving across the Solent 
Much more info (and video) here regarding Hoegh Osaka, which has come adrift 
Salvage teams are now using tugs to try and tow the vessel away from Bramble Bank.
Stricken ship Hoegh Osaka has come adrift due to high tide 
A 55-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a Southampton tower block last night, police say.
Bad day for fires in Southampton yesterday - two police officers hospitalised after a late-night tower block blaze 
Police training exercise causes major rush hour delays on Hampshire motorway 
The stricken Hoegh Osaka could be afloat tomorrow if conditions are favourable. Decision to be made tonight 
Follow the Daily Echo's live coverage of the Hoegh Osaka press conference here 
UPDATE: Major announcement on Hoegh Osaka's future due this afternoon 
#HoeghOsaka #dailyecho 
I spoke to residents who had to jump out of their windows to flee the flames. Full story here 
Amazing pictures from a house fire in Shirley, Southampton early this morning. See 
Have you seen missing David Orman, 16? Police say he may be in Southampton. Full story here 
More info on Bank Fashion administration here: 
Bank Fashion, which runs shops in the WestQuay Centre and Whiteley, has gone into administration. More at 
Here's a glimpse of what homes at the planned Welborne development could look like 
Walkers at Lepe Park are fascinated by the stricken ship @dailyecho 

Major road reopens after fatal crash 
The A3 has been reopened after a cyclist was killed in a collision near Liphook this morning. Full story at 
@_timcorn hi Timothy, I'm a reporter at the Daily Echo - could you please call me on 02380 424500 to have a chat about your day? Cheers
Hundreds brave icy waters for Solent swim - in pictures 
