No girl should be married before the age of 17- Aisha Buhari, calls for legislation against early marriage: Wi... 
Photos: Don Jazzy also renews his MTN contract: Congrats to him... 
Omotola defends Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray Bruce has been trending on twitter since last week ... 
Suarez and Ter Stegen push Barcelona to aggregate win vs. Bayern Munich: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to ... 
Bayern 3-2 Barca (3-5 agg.): Berlin-Bound Catalans Despite Defeat: Barcelona are through to the final of the 2... 
Horrible pics: mob attack female police officer accused of shooting protesters in Burundi: A Burundian female ... 
Young couple take new 'designer steroids' - she grows a giant booty, he grows huge muscles: Found this hilario... 
Access Bank Plc Recruitment 2015: Access Bank Plc is a full service commercial Bank operating through a networ... 
MESSAGE!!! Burna Boy Threatens All Bloggers: I don’t know why Burna Boy should say this but whatever his reaso... 
"Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit... 
Couples who met on twitter share their story and photos: More and more people are finding love on social media... 
Barca strikers seal semifinal success: Bayern Munich restored some pride by winning the second leg but the dam... 
FG must ask Fashola &amp; Tinubu to mentor states on how to increase Internally generated revenue- Ben Bruce: Sena... 
National Commercial Effectiveness Director at Guiness Nigeria Plc: Guiness Nigeria Plc – We are Guinness Niger... 
Kenya Moore claims she didn't know the man she'd been claiming as her man is married: Today, MediaTakeOut publ... 
Play of the day: Lewandowski's fancy finish: Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski levelled the match against Bar... 
6th Edition Of Niger Delta Achievers Merit Award To Hold 26th May: The award ceremony is scheduled to hold as ... 
"A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little p... 
Muazu sues for peace, says bickering not in the interest of the PDP: Press statement from PDP chairman, Adamu ... 
P Diddy Explains Why He May Never Get Married..: Diddy has explained why he may never get married..The mogul w... 
Ketchup Releases Sultry Behind The Scene Photos: KETCHUP, Mr Rozay who’s currently in South Africa shooting vi... 
Shonda Rhimes, Tracee Ellis Ross, Wesley Snipes, America Ferrera &amp; More at the Entertainment Weekly and People... 
Adnan Januzaj scores as Man United under-21s thrash Man City: James Wilson and Adnan Januzaj scored as Manches... 
Solomon Arase confirmed as substantive IGP: Acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase has been confirm... 
Queen Latifah spotted strolling with her partner in NYC (photos): Queen Latifah, 45, was arm in arm with her p... 
AY Showcases Superb Football Skills in #TheFutureIsBright Video: Peak Milk is Celebrating 60 Years of feeding ... 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu, dies: LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu Chelsea Nwakanma, died yesterd... 
Human Barbie  Valeria Lukyanova shows off tight abs (photos): The Ukrainian model, 29, who is also known as 'H... 
Big Questions From Kayode Ogundamisi to Ben Bruce:  Bayelsa East Senator-Elect and Chairman of Silverbird Grou... 
Daddy duty: David Bechkam spotted hanging out with 3 year old daughter:  Beckham 40 and his 3 year old daughte... 
Happy Days For Iyanya As He Gets Extension On His Endorsement Deal With MTN: Nigerian pop star Iyanya is excit... 
Charly Boy Writes Another Open Letter To Buhari… READ!!!: Controversial self-acclaimed ‘Area Fada’ of Abuja en... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
MUSIC : Danagog Ft. Lola Rae – Pelemo: HKN Music’s budding act – Danagog is definitely not slowing things down... 
The Media Would Further Shatter The Peoples Democratic Party, Says PDP National Chairman ‘Adamu Mu’azu’: PDP N... 
Edo Not Like Osun, Benue, Others; State Owes No Worker – Commissioner: Edo State Government says it has paid t... 
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
MediaCamp 2015: Learn photography &amp; digital filmmaking in Ghana: What if you could learn Photography &amp; Digital... 
Was Jay Z walking around with a h**d on? (photos): Jay Z left his office with Beyonce in NY yesterday looking ... 
"He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this... 
The Nigeria Police Force Is Understaffed – Arase: The Acting Inspector General of Police (IGP) Solomon Arase h... 
Wolfsburg deny interest in Man City striker Edin Dzeko: Wolfsburg have rejected reports that Manchester City s... 
Photo: EFCC Arraigns Five over N26million Internet Fraud: Find the EFCC press statement below ...The Economic ... 
Tiger Woods cheated on ex-girlfriend Lindsey Vonn - the real reason they split: What did she expect? That he w... 
Buhari to tour Aso Villa with president Jonathan on May 28th: President-elect, Gen. Buhari will tour Aso rock ... 
Photo of Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II when he was a child: The little boy in the photo is the current Emi... 
Free @MyPocketMoni A Mobile Money Product From eTranzact To Solve Nigeria’s Payment Problem: May 7th marked a ... 
Blac Chyna steps out in sheer panelled jumpsuit as she celebrates birthday: Blac Chyna wore this revealing ens... 
Adaeze Yobo shows off her sons in new photos: The former beauty queen welcomed her second son some weeks back.... 
Pics: Tara &amp; Fela Durotoye loved up as they celebrate 14th wedding Anniversary: Makeup and beauty entrepreneur... 
Bangladesh Blogger, Ananta Bijoy Das Hacked To Death: A secular blogger has been hacked to death in north-east... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
Meet Chuka Umunna: The British-Igbo Labour Politician Running for Leader of the Party: Everyone is talking abo... 
Unbelievable! Baby buried alive by parents is rescued after surviving 8 days in cemetery: A newborn baby has b... 
ix35 or iLand: This is an advertorial, not written by me. Read below...I met my old           time friend in a... 
Hot Brothers of Empire! Jussie Smollett, Trai Byers &amp; Bryshere Gray Cover Essence Magazine’s June 2015 Issue: ... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
New Music: Pastor J | My Way Ft. Shaydee: Shaydee, leading Empire Mates Entertainment (E.M.E) act has featured... 
Photos from the Council of State meeting today: Past Nigerian leaders including president-elect Gen. Buhari, G... 
Direct Sales Agent at JobMag: Job Title: Direct Sales Agent   Location: Lagos   Job Description • Executives w... 
Photos: Freda Francis covers May issue of Tribe &amp; Elan magazine: Tribe and Elan debuts "The Beauty Edition”. T... 
Tiwa Savage &amp; Her Baby Bump Rock the Stage at Maharaja Ball: Mummy-to-be Tiwa Savage looked quite stylish at t... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
Photos: Iyanya renews contract with MTN for another year: The singer today May 12th renewed his contract with ... 
VIDEO: Can Foreign Record Labels Be Successful In Nigeria? – Facts Only With Osagie Alonge: Hip-Hop mogul Jay ... 
Chris Brown doesn't want his stalker prosecuted, prays for her!: Chris Brown does not want the 21 year old Tun... 
iDea is launching iDeaGem mentorship program: Information Technology Developers Entrepreneurship Accelerator (... 
Kayode Ogundamisi comes for Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray-Bruce has been trending on Twitter for ... 
Bet9ja to Be Confirmed as Nigeria Women League Sponsors: The Nigeria Women’s Football League (NWFL) has conclu... 
Senate to hold late Chukwumerije’s valedictory session next week: The Senate will next week Wednesday hold a s... 
‘We Gon Meet 1 Day’ – Burna Boy Tells Bloggers to Watch their Mouths and Fingers: Someone must have pissed Bur... 
Photos: Nasir El-Rufai visits dilapidated textile industry in Kaduna: Kaduna state governor elect, Mallam Nasi... 
ASUS Transformer Book T90 Chi Specs &amp; Price:  
"It's part of tradition to have fireworks for July Fourth and New Year's, so it's just really difficult to get... 
Burna Boy threatens bloggers: Lol. Bloggers, y'all better be scared! Burna Boy has spoken...:-) 
Court Orders Banks To Freeze Governor Lamido’s Account: Sule Lamido, the governor of Jigawa state, is facing t... 
Ketchup for the Ladies! Go Behind-the-Scenes of His New Video Shoot: Ketchup pon di chips yeah! ‘Show Me Yuh R... 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, Gowon, others attend GEJ’s last Council of State meeting: President Jonathan is about now pr... 
New Music: Modenine | Rise Up To Dance:   Modenine serves us with his 2009 self produced track titled Rise Up ... 
Beats by Dre Tour Earpiece Giveaway by Phonace...: Phonace, Nigeria’s number 1 retailers of Phone Accessories,... 
MzVee – No Woman No Cry: Mzvee is here with this new one performing a cover of Bob Marley’s NO WOMAN NO CRY. e... 
LIB reader, who calls himself UNIPORT finest releases new photos: Y'all remember Samuel Eddies aka SamX who sa... 
Two Nigerians Sentenced to 12 years in Jail in Vietnam for N30 Million Internet Fraud: More stories of Nigeria... 
2015 Polls: Orji inaugurates 18-member c’ttee to review PDP’s performance in Abia: Governor Theodore Orji of A... 
Photos: Michael Jackson's teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her boyfriend: Little Paris Jackson is all grown ... 
Fun-Loving Guests Party with Ice Prince, Gideon Okeke, DJ Caise &amp; More at GATP’s “High Fashion” Edition: At th... 
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Should the 200 girls pregnant for Boko Haram members get an abortion?: According to UNFPDA, about 200 girls wh... 
Wife of Pharmacist who allegedly committed suicide released from police custody: Busayo, the wife of the Lagos... 
PSC to reduce stagnation in Nigeria Police Force as Arase seeks urgent recruitment: Chairman of the Police Ser... 
Boko Haram regrouping in Riyom – Plateau Assembly Majority Leader •Stop raising false alarm, STF responds: The... 
Photos from new earthquake disaster in Nepal, 32 confirmed dead: 32 persons have been confirmed dead and over ... 
Bangladeshi Blogger Hacked to Death for Being Critical of Islam: Ananta Bijoy Das, 32, an atheist Bangladeshi ... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
HP EliteBook Folio 1040 G1 Business Ultrabook Specs &amp; Price:  
VIDEO : Timi Dakolo – Wish Me Well: Nigeria’s king of soul; Timi Dakolo has released the video for his latest ... 
Abuja Crews Get Ready! The Remy Martin Danceoff Competition is Coming to your City: Remy Martin fine champagne... 
New Music: Ms. Jaie | Goodbye:   Our favorite Dimedoll, Ms. Jaie serves us another musical treat, this comes a... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
"In the truest sense, freedom cannot be bestowed; it must be achieved." - Franklin D. Roosevelt: "In the trues... 
PFL International Education Expo - 2nd City Tour May 2015: Get first-hand information about career choices, se... 
Photo: Zaaki Azzay buys himself a G-Wagon: I don't know what year that is so I will zip it...lol. He shared th... 
The battle continues. Now Blac Chyna wants full custody of their son: Blac Chyna says she has a problem with T... 
15 Reasons Why Having Big b**bs Is Ironically A Huge Pain In The a*s: b**bs are all shapes and sizes, with som... 
New Video: Timi Dakolo – Wish Me Well: Nigerian soul artiste – Timi Dakolo has released the video for his late... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
MUSIC : Yung Brown – Pretty Girl ft. Patoranking: Franklin Onyiriuka stage name YUNG BROWN was Born on the 4th... 
Two Nigerians sent to 12 years in prison in Vietnam for email fraud: A Vietnamese court has sentenced two Nige... 
Pour Femme - The Online Lingerie Boutique: Shop now www.pourfemmeintiates.comCall us:    09093500045E-mail    ... 
7 Ways To Ignite The s*xual Passion In Your Spouse: So if you’re hoping to steam things up in the bedroom, but... 
OJB Jezreel Debunks Kidney Relapse Rumours: Early hours of yesterday, I made a report coined from Yes internat... 
Another Earthquake Hits Nepal 2 Weeks After Deadly Quake Left Over 8,000 Dead: Another earthquake has hit Nepa... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Finally! A photo of Anna Banner's baby bump. Seen at a wedding in Enugu with Flavour: For those of you who sti... 
Oyo state Gov's daughter, Abi Kola-Daisi writes on love &amp; learning to trust your partner: They are a beautiful... 
Dear LIB readers; I mistakenly overpaid someone &amp; they've refused to refund me: From a male LIB readerI was su... 
Daughter Of Billioniare Polo Boss, Jennifer Obayuwana Fluants Her Massive House In New Photos: She was once ru... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
Lola Omotayo-Okoye, Eku Edewor, Toke Makinwa &amp; More Groom Aspiring Models in New Docu-Reality Series – ‘Dare2D... 
Senator Ita Giwa's daughter and husband expecting their first child: Koko, the beautiful daughter of Senator F... 
MUSIC : N6 – Up In The Club ft. MayD: “Superstar Rapper/OAP N6 (@N6OFLIFE) delivers a Fresh Club Banger UP IN ... 
"A Flawless Bride": A wedding is one of the most profound days in a woman’s life. It is also one of the most c... 
Another Earthquake rocks Nepal: Two weeks after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake rocked Nepal in which over 8,000 pe... 
Re: Unlawful detention of 2 sisters. The woman they fought writes her own version, shares photo: Hopefully, so... 
"May the sun in his course visit no land more free, more happy, more lovely, than this our own country!" - Dan... 
King! Yemi Alade Gets Verified On Facebook: ​Effyzzie Music diva Yemi Alade has been verified by social networ... 
Twittersphere Expresses Mixed Reactions to George Zimmerman Getting Shot At: George Zimmerman suffered signifi... 
Tragic story! Couple die in car accident just two months after their wedding: Mr and Mrs Timothy Terson got ma... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
I'm disappointed Kim K deleted my winning pic from her Instagram account - ANTM winner: It was a dream come tr... 
Nollywood Actor &amp; Comedian Ime Bishop Umoh’s Daughter Celebrates First Year Birthday with Family Shoot | Udim ... 
Register to Become a Professional Facilities Manager: Have you noticed the increase in the numbers of big shop... 
Tight shirt. Tight trouser. Na wetin? Lol. (photo): Saw this photo trending on Twitter. It's said to be that o... 
Your coworkers may be a source of deep frustration today becau... More for Virgo 
Pics: Bradley Cooper passionately kisses Irina Shayk as he drops her off: I like these two together. And it lo... 
Glazers' ownership of Manchester United blasted by MUST: The Manchester United Supporters Trust (MUST) has cla... 
"A woman in love can't be reasonable--or she probably wouldn't be in love." - Mae West: "A woman in love can't... 
Chadian President Idriss Deby Denies Knowing Boko Haram Leader Shekhau’s Whereabouts: A few months ago, presid... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: Below is statement from his Chief Press Secre... 
Sean Tizzle locks lips with female fan during a performance in NY: Singer Sean Tizzle locked lips with a femal... 
Brain-dead woman who was kept alive for 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a... 
Brain-dead woman kept alive 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brain dead ... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
OJB Jezreel Denies Reports of Having a Medical Setback following Kidney Transplant: Veteran Nigerian musician ... 
Posterity will place me on the right side of history - Pres. Jonathan: President Jonathan says he and his team... 
Internally displaced people die of trauma due to Boko Haram attacks: The Christian Asso­ciation of Nigeria (CA... 
The Game's gift to a boy on his 7th birthday (Photos): Darkima Johnson said she was with her son Jaden last Th... 
Beyoncé rocks shredded jeans on a walk with hubby, Jay-Z (photos): Queen Bey was spotted in shredded jeans and... 
New Music: N6 – Up In The Club Ft. May D  (prod. Philkeyz): Superstar Rapper/OAP N6  delivers a Fresh Club Ban... 
It’s Dr. Kanye West Now! Gets Honourary Doctorate from the School of Art Institute of Chicago: Dr. Kanye West ... 
Abuja crews get ready! Remy Martin Danceoff is in your town: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dance competi... 
APC To Jonathan: Only The Guilty Needs To Be Scared: The All Progressives Congress (APC) says only the guilty ... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
Picasso painting sets world record for art auction at $179M: Women of Algiers by Pablo Picasso sold for $179.4... 
Indeprendent Artists from Around the World Given the Opportunity to “Set The Stage” with Africa’s Biggest Acts... 
"Life is too short to be small." - Benjamin Disraeli: "Life is too short to be small." - Benjamin Disraeli 
"America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination, and unbeatable determination to ... 
Check out the banging body on this 36 year old mother of 6: 36 year old, The Real Housewives of Atlanta star, ... 
Corpse left at General hospital until it began to stink: Foul odour emanating from a decomposing corpse at the... 
11 year old pregnant from rape wants child, sparking abortion debate: This is not the childAn 11-year old girl... 
"It is easy to take liberty for granted when you have never had it taken from you." - M. Grundler: "It is easy... 
"Mother, I bow to thee!
Rich with thy hurrying streams,
Bright with orchard gleams,
Cool with thy winds of del... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
"A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears." - Woodrow Wyatt: "A man falls in love throug... 
"Freedom has its life in the hearts, the actions, the spirit of men and so it must be daily earned and refresh... 
Prem: Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City: Bafetimbi Gomis scored a late goal against the run of play, as Swansea City su... 
Someone steals Chidi Mokeme's Range Rover instagram post...gets caught!: Yesterday, Chidi Mokeme posted this p... 
"We, and all others who believe in freedom as deeply as we do, would rather die on our feet than live on our k... 
Mother's Day surprise from President Obama to some lucky mums: US President, Barack Obama yesterday surprised ... 
"Hail! Independence, hail! Heaven's next best gift, To that of life and an immortal soul!" - James Thomson: "H... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Nigerian Men Ain’t Shit: Where do I start from? It’s been a very long second since I took time to write out an... 
Very graphic! Woman gets deadly infection after getting bad booty shots: Oh my! MediaTakeOut received a photo ... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Four suspects in the deadly Lekki Phase 1 bank robbery arrested: Four suspects involved in the deadly Lekki Ph... 
Photos: Tyga shares before and after photo of himself and his mum: The rapper shared the photo of himself and ... 
Pics: Ambassadors of Korea, Syria, Kuwait, Kenya, 11 others visit Buhari: President elect, Gen. Buhari receive... 
Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Goal-line tech decider:  
First son of Nnamdi Azikiwe, Chukwuma dies at 75: The first son of first Nigerian Head of State, Nnamdi Azikiw... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former  President Shehu Shaga... 
Abraham Akuffo – Jesus Be Glorified: Abraham Akuffo is a gifted gospel musician who also holds the position as... 
Multiple Taxation, Poor Power Supply Responsible For GSM Network – Juwah: The Executive Vice Chairman, Nigeria... 
VIDEO: Kenny Bee ft. 2 Shotz – Sunkere: Real name is Chukwu Ebuka Paul. Hails from Ebonyi state Nigeria. Class... 
Prem: Fabianski denies Cazorla (64'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Santi Cazorla (64') Arsenal 0-0 Swansea City 
Skales – Man Of The Year [Album TrackList]: We can’t wait!!! Here is the album track list for the most anticip... 
Photos: Kanye West receives honourary Doctorate Degree: Kanye West was  decorated with an honorary doctorate d... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former President Shehu Shagar... 
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men. 70 men to 10,000 women...lol: Japanese $20billion porn industry... 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
OJB Jezreel says he hasn't relapsed: I've asked around and found out OJB Jezreel has unfortunately relapsed an... 
Sound Sultan shares photo of himself in a Sauna: Hot papa of three! 
Imoke Receives Delivery Of Passenger Coaches As Calabar Monorail Project Nears Completion: The Cross River Sta... 
#50NairaStory Initiatives; 4 awesome movies premieres this Sunday: It’s the #50NairaStory; get ready to witnes... 
Popular US blogger Perez Hilton is a dad again: Popular blogger, columnist and television personality, Perez H... 
Photos: protest in Abuja over the execution of Nigerians in Indonesia: Members of United Nigerians in Diaspora... 
Chrissy Teigen and Ludacris Playful Chummy on the Cover of Billboard Magazine’s Latest Issue: Hosts of the 201... 
Photos: Tonto Dikeh steps out in her new look: Tonto Dikeh unveiled her new look as she stepped out earlier to... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
BERTA Bridal Fall 2015 Collection: BERTA Bridal’s new Fall 2015 collection is probably her most intriguing and... 
Over 3,000 APGA members threaten to storm Otuoke over unpaid election largesse: Leaders and members of the All... 
Anything wrong with this photo?: You feel some type of way about this pic? 
MUSIC : Modenine – Oversize Mampie: Today is Bob Marley day, and to celebrate the Day Modenine releases his 11... 
I am so insecure, I can't leave home without spanx- Kim Kardashian West: Kim K who wore one of her own clothes... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Exclusive: Check out the Official Photos from Osas Ighodaro’s Pretty Bridal Shower: Nollywood actress Osas Igh... 
Local contractors accuse Kano Govt of refusing to settle N60bn debt: Governor Rabiu Kwankwaso has been accused... 
All About the PDA! Ice Prince &amp; Maima and Mariam Adeyemi &amp; John Timmer Coupled Up at GATP: Awww…don’t you just... 
Open Letter to Muhammadu Buhari | By Charly Boy:     Area fada, Charly Oputa writes Muhammadu Buhari an open l... 
Rihanna’s father wishes Bruce Jenner a Happy Mother’s Day: Rihanna’s dad Ronald Fenty yesterday took aim at Br... 
Tyga replies Blac Chyna's mum after she drags him &amp; his family on social media: Blac Chyna's mum Tokyo Toni is... 
New Music: Sanga | Gba Ijo Ft. Tee Blaq: Oluwatobi Ajagbe born on February 14, grew up in Lagos city. He start... 
Lagos Woman Weeps After Discovering she Bought Phone Full of Fufu: What would you do if you bought a phone onl... 
Who's talking about Pep Guardiola?: Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich are suffering through a critical spell but... 
Open letter to Mr. President-elect, Buhari - By Charly Boy: Sequel to his opinion on the zoning formula and ou... 
Photos: Meet the instagram-famous dog that makes $15k a month: Canine cuteness! Meet menswear dog, Shiba Inu B... 
Kano Pillars’ Gambo Muhammed Resumes Training: Kano Pillars striker Gambo Muhammed has started light training ... 
Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Déjà vu! Chidi Mokeme’s Mother’s Day Gift Resurfaces on Instagram: This morning we brought you the sweet gestu... 
LIB readers claims police brutality - shares her story: Story of alleged police brutality as told by a LIB rea... 
Gionee Elife E8 Specs &amp; Price:  
Autism Awareness Events by the C.A.D.E.T. Academy, Abuja: The Comprehensive Autism and related Disabilities Ed... 
Pastor And His Daughter Stabs Nurse To Death Over Cellphone Battery: The people of Umu­choko community in Ngor... 
BN Pick Your Fave – Fashion Blogger Edition! Fisayo Longe, Stephanie Okafor &amp; Ranti Onayemi: In the fashion wo... 
Choi! Rihanna's father wishes Bruce Jenner a Happy Mother's Day: Rihanna's dad Ronald Fenty yesterday took aim... 
Photos: Lady buys a phone filled with Fufu in Lagos: Just saw this mess on Twitter. Are people for real? Sell ... 
Chris Brown took back the car he bought for Karrueche?: A newly revealed blind item claims Chris Brown took ba... 
Photos from actress Princess Pemu's introduction: Looks like actress Princess Pemu (the one who has a similar ... 
[OPINION] Yar’adua Wake Up! Nigeria Is Boiling (Part 3) By Obinna Akukwe: Yaradua! Wake Up! Nigeria is still b... 
Samsung ES8000 Smart TV Specs &amp; Price Series 8:  
Study, Work &amp; Live in Canada: Do you wish to obtain an international certificate in a reputable &amp; highly rated... 
"...We can't be consumed by our petty differences anymore.
We will be united in our common interests...you wil... 
Kimora Lee shares photo of her husband and all her four children: Former model, fashion mogul, reality star an... 
Late Sani Abacha pictured just a day before he died in 1998: Former military ruler, Gen. Sani Abacha pictured ... 
Photos: TV gal Stephanie Coker rocks green hair: TV personality Stephanie Coker tried green braids and she loo... 
Oba of Lagos Rilwan Akiolu Says Non-indigenes in Lagos Must Respect Their Hosts: Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu i... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Love, Life &amp; Everything in Between! ‘August Meeting with Uwanma’ Celebrates One Year Anniversary at Exclusive ... 
Mouka Re-Introduces ‘Mattress Swap’ Campaign: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and indust... 
The hottest part of hell should be reserved for governors who live large at public expense - Ben Bruce: Ben Mu... 
Relegation just the beginning for QPR: Queens Park Rangers' fate was finally confirmed on Sunday with a 6-0 de... 
South African President Reportedly Promises to Pay 50,000 Rands to Citizens with HIV Status Tattoo: South Afri... 
Mixtape: DJ Neptune – 2015 Electro House: Neptune Entertainment Presents 2015 Electro House Mix by the Interna... 
Intel Compute Stick - PC on a Stick Price &amp; Specs:  
Bayern Must Play Barcelona ‘With Hearts &amp; Heads’- Guardiola: Bayern must overturn a 3-0 away deficit to reach ... 
New Music: Modenine – Ovasize Mampie: 30Days of Modenine continues, Here is Day11’s tune !! He calls this one ... 
Power Rankings: D.C. extend their lead:  
Buhari’s hands won’t be tied by those playing the victim, exhibiting persecution mentality – APC: The All Prog... 
P &amp; G Partners with Desperate Housewives Africa to Promote Local Content in Nigerian Entertainment!: Maker of ... 
"How can one be compelled to accept slavery? I simply refuse to do the master's bidding. He may torture me, br... 
The Rock's personal story about himself &amp; his mum is so touching!: In honour of Mother's Day yesterday, former... 
The Relegation Scrap: Hull in trouble as Premier League battle nears end: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Pre... 
Natalie Nunn denies Nigerian billionaire sugar daddy story: She shared a photo of her husband Jacob Payne and ... 
"May you get to heaven a half hour before the devil knows you're dead" - Irish Blessings: "May you get to heav... 
New Music: Cassper Nyovest | 428 To LA Ft. Casey Veggies: Your favouite boy Cassper Nyovest is back with a fre... 
Keystone Direct Airtime! Get 100% airtime bonus on recharge cards: Discover an easier way to top up your phone... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Freeze Thanks God for Best Birthday Ever &amp; For “Removing the Monster that Tormented” Him for 15 Years: Media p... 
Lagos PDP sacks Chairman, appoints replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
Epic shade! This Ghanaian just finished Nigeria on instagram: Can you imagine? Lol. What we're used to is into... 
Photos: Actress Eniola Badmus shares lovely new photos of herself: Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus shared the... 
Modern Silhouettes meet Fringe Detailing in Sisiano’s “Ms. Green: Lipstick Smudge” Collection Lookbook!: Prese... 
Love in all its Brilliance! Jennifer Chioma Ayika &amp; Bright Anaekwe’s Wedding | UdimEE Photography: Jennifer Ch... 
Music: Kizzy – Dance: One of the hottest young acts from the south, thrills his fans with this new release. Th... 
Skuki and Friends Campus Concert.. #SFCC: Nigerian youths, its time for some serious turn up, as Skuki and Fri... 
Mother shot while pregnant shares a powerful, inspiring story on Mother's Day: Be inspired &amp; marvel at God's w... 
"If our country is worth dying for in time of war let us resolve that it is truly worth living for in time of ... 
Fayose orders verification of 48,977 Ekiti workers, denies political undertone: In a bid to rid the public ser... 
Looks Like Natalie Nunn Is Messing With A Nigerian Billionaire: MediaTakeOut have put reality star, Natalie Nu... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor's brother begs for forgiveness: Emmanuel Adebayor's brother, Rotimi Adebayor, who... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
New Music: Sound Sultan – Obalola: He got his retweets and now we have “Obalola“. Sound Sultan promised his fa... 
OJB's kidney reportedly collapses again: Popular Nigerian music producer and singer, Babatunde Okungbowa popul... 
Beautiful photos of basketball player Chris Bosh and his family...: NBA Player, Chris  Bosh and his wife, Adri... 
Do men wish for the same thing for their daughters as they wish for their wives?: Saw this on twitter. A chart... 
Get a Job in 10 minutes, take the 10:10 Challenge: What can you do in 10minutes? Boil an egg? Record a song? O... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Oba of Lagos Rilwan Akiolu Says his Comments about Igbos were “Twisted” by Political Opponents: Oba of Lagos, ... 
Review: Kiss Daniel – Laye: Kiss Daniel had been riding off the high of his 2014 hit, Woju, but we were all wa... 
Dex Kwasi – Shelele Pool Party ft EL: Dex Kwasi Teams up with E.L to bring us this one called SHELELE POOL PAR... 
Heart Failure Kills Belgian Footballer Aged 23: Another Belgian footballer, Tim Nicot, has died of cardiac wit... 
Photos: Kim K gets naked in sexy photoshoot for her website: Mrs West shows off her body - nude &amp;  painted in ... 
Ace Actor Chidi Mokeme Wow Wife With A Spotless Range Rover Sport For Mother’s Day: Nollywood actor Chidi Moke... 
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Mercy Aigbe-Gentry: ‘The Major Reason My First Marriage Failed Was Because My Ex-Husband’s Mum Did Not Want Hi... 
Huddah Monroe shares pic from her private party in Banana Island: The former BBA star shared the photo above w... 
President Jonathan should not be scared of persecution - APC: Read the APC press statement below...The All Pro... 
I’m ready to engage with my 100 new followers in the past week. I know them via 
Royco Women Who Really Cook contest: Royco Nigeria has rewarded two African women with Kitchen appliances for ... 
Kenyan newspaper publishes list of top gays and lesbians in their country: But why na, Kenya? A Kenyan newspap... 
I killed to avenge the killing of my friend- Cult member says: 20-year old Joberi Pyagbara, a Rivers state bas... 
Real Madrid said 'goodbye' to La Liga title vs. Valencia - Dani Carvajal: Dani Carvajal believes Real Madrid h... 
Weekend Getaway! Seyi Law &amp; Wife Enjoy a Fab Mother’s Day Weekend: Sweet love! Seyi Law celebrated Mother’s Da... 
Its The Elegant Dakore Egbuson-Akande &amp; the Legendary DJ Jimmy Jatt On The Cover of Complete Fashion: The beau... 
Pics: Kanye West stops smiling as soon as he spots paparazzi..lol: Kanye West was caught smiling while watchin... 
Dear LIB readers; My man can't get it up &amp; has refused to seek help: From a female LIB readerI am a frustrated... 
MUSIC : Cool H x Terry G – Go Down: Nigerian/UK based Afro singer Cool H teamed up with Apako master “Terry G”... 
WAP announces new ThisLife story: TV lovers across Nigeria are in for a swell time as Wale Adenuga Productions... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
Fun Photos from The Bridge Clinic’s Celebration of 1859 Babies!: The Bridge Clinic, Nigeria’s foremost fertili... 
Kendall and Khloe Kardashian booed at a basket ball game (photos): Khloe and Kendall were shown on  camera to ... 
They say this is inside Dencia's new LA mansion (photos): Yesterday Dencia showed us her new LA mansion (see h... 
Funke Akindele, Gbemi Olateru-Olagbegi, Dare Art-Alade, Femi Kuti &amp; More Attend Tunde and Wunmi Obe’s ‘T.W.O P... 
It might be your intent to stay neutral in a conflict if someo... More for Virgo 
Friends and associates have abandoned me since I lost the election - GEJ: Before? Unfortunately, that's how so... 
I Hope My Wife ‘Patience Jonathan’ Would Not Desert Me For Accepting Defeat – President Jonathan: President Go... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
Red Carpet Photos! Ramsey Nouah, Majid Michel, Uru Eke &amp; More Attend ‘Busted Life’ Movie Premiere in London: T... 
Reality star Natalie Nunn allegedly cheating on hubby with Nigerian billionaire: MediaTakeOut yesterday put ma... 
Tennis: Murray Upsets Nadal to Madrid Title: Andy Murray was too hot for Rafael Nadal to handle in the Madrid ... 
Mother And Children Who Sing: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deacon... 
Mother And Children Who Sings: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deaco... 
Nigerian visa reportedly goes for one dollar in 13 countries: According to a report by Punch, while Nigerians ... 
"What is the essence of America? Finding and maintaining that perfect, delicate balance between freedom "to" a... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Mother’s Day 2015 Gifts – A Couple Thousand Roses &amp; a String Quartet for Kim Kardashian!: When you are a music... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
You Are Nigeria’s President, Not President Of Northern Nigeria, Maitama Sule Tells Buhari: Elder Statesman and... 
Chris Brown spends $200k on a Richard Mille watch (photo): While some people are missing jewelries worth $250k... 
50 cent jeweler accuses the rapper's crew of theft and assault: 50 Cent is currently being investigated by Las... 
General Medical Checkup: Nigeria can be very stressful at times and between the traffic, petrol queues and lon... 
New Music: Keybone – Look At Me Now: Kehinde Oladele Arifayan, better known by his stage name KEYBONE, is a Ni... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
Mother’s Day Excitement! Nadia Buari Shares Adorable Photos of her Pregnancy Glow: A couple of months ago Ghol... 
We Are Leaving Some Good Legacies Economic Behind For The Incoming Government – Okonjo-Iweala: Although she re... 
"We are free, truly free, when we don't need to rent our arms to anybody in order to be able to lift a piece o... 
Awww, Kim Kardashian's mother's day present from hubby Kanye West:  
ISIS sets ‘honey traps’ to ensnare and execute homosexuals: In its crusade against homosexuals, the Islamic St... 
Chivas face neighbors Atlas, America draw Pachuca in 2015 Clausura: Reigning Liga MX champion Club America wil... 
"Opportunity knocks for every man, but you have to give a woman a ring." - Mae West: "Opportunity knocks for e... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
Toronto FC lose home opener to Houston Dynamo: TORONTO -- Boniek Garcia and Will Bruin scored and the Houston ... 
Highlights: Toronto FC 1-2 Houston: The Houston Dynamo triumphed 2-1 over Toronto FC at BMO Field courtesy of ... 
"This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave." - Elmer Davis: "Th... 
Aww, check out what Kanye did for Kim K (:  
Nigeria soldiers on deathrow allegedly being starved of food &amp; water: According to a report by Sahara Reporter... 
Hernanes brace seals Inter Milan comeback, Sampdoria keep up European push: Hernanes scored twice against his ... 
Photos of actress Nadia Buari during her pregnancy: We didn't even know the actress was pregnant until news of... 
"No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." - Abraham Lincoln: "No man is good... 
Relegation deserved for pathetic QPR with future bleak under Fernandes: QPR coach Chris Ramsey dubbed his side... 
Photo: Beyonce with her mum vs Beyonce with her daughter: In celebration of Mother's Day, Beyonce shared this ... 
DJ Jimmy Jatt &amp; Dakore Akande cover new issue of Complete Fashion mag: Popular DJ, Jimmy Jatt and actress, Dak... 
Skales, Uti, Mercy Aigbe, others storm Lagos for Nexus Brandshop Launch: Popular Nigerian celebrities, Skales,... 
Fola Daniel Adelesi: Right Size, Right Location: As I prepared to inspire you today and help you see things fr... 
‘From hustling I have a deep appreciation of life’ – Toke Makinwa Talks about Avoiding the Rich Kids Syndrome ... 
Twellman: Toronto have a cohesive attack: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey and Taylor Twellman preview Toronto FC's mat... 
OAU Lecturer Kidnapped, Driver Killed In Ekiti: A lecturer at Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU) Ile-Ife, Dr. Fe... 
Family drama! Emmanuel Adebayor responds to one of his fans on facebook:  A female fan Rachel Mahoe left a com... 
Still Mothers Day, M.I Abaga Shares A Touching Story About His Mother’s Love For Him: Still in the mothers day... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
Brace Up For Persecution, Jonathan Tells Aides: President Goodluck Jonathan has told ministers and aides servi... 
"The true meaning of America, you ask? It's in a Texas rodeo, in a policeman's badge, in the sound of laughing... 
Atletico Madrid draw late on Fernando Torres goal, Campbell leads Villarreal: Fernando Torres scored with 10 m... 
BN Book Excerpt:  The Girl Who Found Water by Chibuzor Mirian Azubuike: One day, a few of us went on an assign... 
New Music: Modenine – Do U Want More: The 30 days of Modenine project is still on course, Here is Day 10’s tun... 
Sen. Ndoma-Egba Gets Knocks From Cross River Group For Visiting Buhari: A forum of concerned elders of the All... 
Oh dear! Blac Chyna's mum comes for the Kardashians/Jenners:  Two days ago, Tyga's grandma said she prefers 17... 
New Music: Chordratic Beats – Mama (A Mother’s Tale): In celebration of all mothers and women as Mother’s Day ... 
"I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason." - Stanley Baldwin: "I would rather trust a woma... 
Davido And Meek Mill Flaunt Cash On Set Of ‘Fans Mi’ Music Video Shoot [PHOTO]: Davido has been on and on abou... 
Bikers ride from Buhari's compound in Katsina to Abuja to witness his inauguration:  A group of bikers picture... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero after losing governorship election: As several people trek... 
Chinese Billionaire Takes 6,400 of his Staff on Holiday to France: Wouldn’t you love to have a boss like this?... 
Trekking fever: Two men trek to Kaduna to sympathize with Governor Yero over defeat: As several people trekked... 
Emmanuel Adebayor Releases Even More Dirt On His Brother &amp; Family: Emmanuel Adebayor has already put out a tel... 
Prem: Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a standing ovation in Liverpool's 1-1 draw wit... 
"If you want something said, ask a man...if you want something done, ask a woman." - Margaret Thatcher: "If yo... 
President elect, Gen Buhari, says his government will be made of technocrats only: President elect, Gen Muhamm... 
2015 general elections: I hope my wife will not divorce me - GEJ: Speaking at the thanksgiving and farewell se... 
Glo NPFL Update: Sunshine Stars Climb Top, Pillars Beat Sharks: Pillars 2-0 Sharks Glo Premier League champion... 
"You may admire a girl's curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles." - Mae ... 
Brendan Rodgers laments 'awful' Liverpool start in draw at Chelsea: #INSERT type:image caption:Gerrard, who le... 
See Mama Peace &amp; GEJ Looking Radiant at Thanksgiving/Farewell Service in Abuja – PHOTOS: We have missed seeing... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor not done with his family...shares more story about his brother he accused of stea... 
"Talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you, and at the end of your first se... 
Photos of MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan, Burna Boy at Abakaliki StarMusicTrek:  The 2nd leg of the 2015 Star ... 
Buhari Knows He Is Nigeria’s President Not APC’s – Tambuwal: Although president-elect Muhammadu Buhari won the... 
"Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, for the people" - Abraham Lincoln: "Democracy is th... 
'I'll fight for Nigerians when I get to the Senate' - Ben Murray-Bruce: The Senator-elect has been on a roll t... 
Ramsey: Our worst performance in a long time: QPR manager Chris Ramsey apologises to the fans after his side's... 
Photos: Northern Elders Forum pay General Buhari courtesy visit: Members of the Northern Elders Forum paid a c... 
Prophet, wife, two children and landlady found dead: A 54-year-old Abia State-born Prophet, Onyenonachi Ihezuk... 
Prem: Gerrard -- Liverpool goal (44'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven Gerrard (44') Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea 
"It is the love of country that has lighted and that keeps glowing the holy fire of patriotism." - J. Horace M... 
Nigerians Mistook Jonathan’s Calmness For Indecisiveness – Okupe: Senior Special Assistant to President Goodlu... 
Prem: Terry -- Chelsea goal (5'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: John Terry (5') Liverpool 0-1 Chelsea 
"Americanism means the virtues of courage, honor, justice, truth, sincerity, and hardihood—the virtues that ma... 
Ben Murray-Bruce Vows To Lead The Charge For Cut In Senators’ Salaries: Chairman of the Silverbird Group and S... 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pre-game accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the sec... 
Chinese billionaire takes 6,400 staff on holiday to Paris; costs him about $50m:  Chinese  billionaire, Li Jin... 
"Think for a moment: what is the British equivalent of the U.S. Fourth of July, or even the French 14th of Jul... 
QPR relegated with a whimper as Aguero and City cruise to easy win: Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green l... 
Photos &amp; Video: Davido and Meek Mill On Set Of Their Video Shoot For Fans Mi: It’s about that time people! The... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as QPR slumped to ... 
Photos from the Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell service in honour of Pres. Jonathan &amp; First Lady: Finally a photo of o... 
What is wrong with this pic?: As seen on CNN. Is there anything wrong with it? 
Photos: Chidi Mokeme buys his wife a Range Rover Sports SUV: The actor who welcomed a child with his wife a fe... 
"Those who won our independence believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of... 
UNBELIEVABLE!!! Read The Curious Case Of Twins Who Have Different Fathers:   A paternity case involving a set ... 
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
Prem: Kolarov -- Man City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Aleksandar Kolarov (32') Manhester City 2-0 QPR 
Kim K says Kylie Jenner has always wanted lips (&amp; butt) like hers: Kim K is defending her 17 year old sister K... 
"America is successful because of the hard work and creativity and enterprise of our people." - George W. Bush... 
9 US police officers fired over death of young Nigerian man in their custody: We carried this story a few mont... 
Face of Democracy Nigeria pageant flags of Registration for 2015 Edition: Face of Democracy Nigeria flags of 2... 
Comedian I Go Dye says he will miss First Lady Patience Jonathan: Don't ask me, I don't know...lol. All I know... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
Can you guess the mother &amp; daughter? (photo): Can you guys tell who the mum is and who the daughter is? 
Photos: OAP Osam and his twin boys enjoy a game of football: MC and Naija FM OAP Osamoje Isaac popularly known... 
'She's not progressing at all': Bobbi Kristina's grandmother gives sad update on her condition: Bobbi Kristina... 
'It's doesn't matter if the cat is black or white' - article by Ben Murray Bruce: Interesting article by Senat... 
Jozie teams up with label mate Jahbless on the remix of Choco Boi: The original version of the song was releas... 
Dancer Ezinne Asinugo, Beauty Blogger Barbara Onianwah &amp; More channel an African Picnic in New Shoot: Do you h... 
Victoria Beckham reveals unending joy of being a mum in letter: Today is Mother's Day in the US and some parts... 
New way to buy fuel these days ...lol (photos): Due to scarcity of fuel in Lagos people now lose the fuel tank... 
"I would savor the moments a lot more this time. I would probably work less and enjoy it more." - Walter Cunni... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
Buhari’s portrait replaces Jonathan’s in Kano offices: Federal institutions, business centres and other public... 
"Women with "pasts" interest men because men hope that history will repeat itself." - Mae West: "Women with "p... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
MUSIC: Tony Yankee – Kpo Kpo Mi: @iamtonyyankee| The Piritunu Crooner Anthony Ezenwa popularly known as Tony Y... 
Okojie Commends Redeemer’s University Over Ebola Research: The National Universities Commission (NUC) has comm... 
"Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friend... 
Real Madrid do not pass to Gareth Bale enough, says agent Jonathan Barnett: Gareth Bale's agent Jonathan Barne... 
Singers Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani sexy in new pics: The singers stepped out in sexy black and pink ensembl... 
Dencia shows off her LA mansion (photo): Really? This is where you live Dencia? Now, that's living! She shared... 
"Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures." - Henry Ward Beech... 
YCee and Patoranking in new video for 'Condo': Last year's revelation, Patoranking, teams up with a hot new ra... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
Sunday Morning Hotness featuring super model, Tyson Beckford: This guy can like and do anyhow because he knows... 
10 Weird Things Men Find Attractive In Ladies: You know many things most men find attractive in a woman but do... 
Photos of Buhari’s modest farmhouses in Daura, Katsina state: A Punch reporter was in Daura, Katsina recently ... 
"True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist." - Albert Einstein: "True art is ch... 
Photos: Two beautiful young sisters shot dead in St Louis: These two sister, 20 year old Antquonette Hale, (le... 
Meet with Representatives from Leading Universities in the UK, Australia, Canada &amp; South Africa at Dave Abion ... 
You have a unique way of getting your chores done today and yo... More for Virgo 
Is Buhari ready for internet generation, social media, free speech?: In your opinion, do you think General Buh... 
Learn 6 Simple Ways To Get The Girlfriend Of Your Dreams: The truth is no couple wants to say they met online,... 
Ciara shares throwback pic of herself right after giving birth: They are actually stills from her new video 'I... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
New Music: Tabletz – Oluteh Ft. Vector: Genius-Ville Records presents Tabletz:Azaadoo Moses Tersoo {Brownno} a... 
"You have to love a nation that celebrates its independence every July 4, not with a parade of guns, tanks, an... 
Adaeze Yobo &amp; her babies head out on a pre-mother's day outing: Joseph Yobo's wife and former beauty queen, Ad... 
"July 4. Statistics show that we lose more fools on this day than in all the other days of the year put togeth... 
Catholic Archbishop Of Abuja ‘Cardinal John Onaiyekan’ Tells Politicians “Avoiding The Winner–Takes-All Syndro... 
BTS photos from Davido &amp; Meek Mill's video shoot: Davido and  Meek Mill recently collaborated on music  togeth... 
Electricity Workers Task Buhari On Review Of PHCN Privatisation: Privatisation of PHCN a fraud,electricity wor... 
For the guys,  will you rock this jeans?:  Someone sent this photo and asked if it's OK for her boyfriend to w... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: The 74-year-old was admitted to the Albert Einstei... 
Buhari Congratulates Cameron: The president-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, has congratulated British Prime Minister ... 
Prophet, wife, two children, landlady found dead: A 54-year-old Abia State-born Prophet, Onyenonachi Ihezuk­wu... 
Kim Kardashian West jets off to Brazil to promote her clothing line: The ever busy, Kim K was spotted in L.A. ... 
"Authors and actors and artists and such - Never know nothing, and never know much" - Dorothy Parker: "Authors... 
"Where liberty dwells, there is my country." - Benjamin Franklin: "Where liberty dwells, there is my country."... 
Barca Closer to La Liga Title as Real Slip Up: Barcelona are a win away from claiming their 23rd Spanish La Li... 
"Savor sufficient to lure the wispiest ghost into corpulence." - Israel Shenker: "Savor sufficient to lure the... 
"I'm So sad; I can't cry" - Karan Patade: "I'm So sad; I can't cry" - Karan Patade 
Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton take a stroll with Princess Charlotte: The Royals took... 
Nigeria; A Rich Country Full Of Poor People: The European Union (EU) has urged the President-elect, Muhammadu ... 
See what this man accused General Hospital, Gbagada of: He tweeted this yesterday morning. 
Crew collect first home win vs. Sounders:  
"I can't go to the park, see? So I create my own park at Paradisal Decor, my own nature, my own space, my ever... 
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
"The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic." - Oscar Wilde: "The critic has t... 
"In the U.K., our Borders stores include Starbucks Coffee stores, and our customers there enjoy the opportunit... 
"To take wine into our mouths is to savor a droplet of the river of human history." - Clifton Fadiman: "To tak... 
Father To Woju Crooner Kiss Daniel Kicks The Bucket: ‘Woju’ crooner, Kiss Daniel has lost his dad, Mr Anidugbe... 
Protests in London over David Cameron's election win: Some left activists Saturday afternoon desecrated a war ... 
Photo: Ambulance on an emergency run runs out of fuel: The ambulance pictured above was reportedly heading for... 
Buhari reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors. Ha!: My hand no dey for this one o..lol. Saw it... 
Regina Askia's daughter, Stephanie, surivives ghastly car accident: Regina Askia Williams took to her Facebook... 
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." - Benjamin Franklin: "Wine is constant p... 
"Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read." - Francis Bacon Sr.... 
Louis van Gaal optimistic over Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw injuries: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal put a p... 
Photos: Woman killed by stray bullet in Arepo, buried: Damilola Fajana, the 26 year old lawyer who was killed ... 
Photos: Rihanna hugs Drake as they party at a nightclub in New York: The ex-flames were spotted at the VIP Roo... 
"Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter." - Oscar Wilde: "... 
Photos: Femi  &amp; Funke Kuti, Kate Henshaw, others party with Tunde &amp; Wunmi Obe at their mansion: Celebrity coup... 
New Music: Prince Adex – Jaiye Ft. Jaywon: Adewusi Adesola Quadri fondly Known as Prince Adex is a Babcock Uni... 
Arsene Wenger urges Theo Walcott to stay at Arsenal, hints at central role: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has ... 
Check out this cool video of the Smirnoff #Doubleside party. It rocked: Smirnoff Ice Double Black with Guarana... 
Spot the difference: featuring Pharrell: Can you spot them? Photo credit: TMZ 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid's La Liga title hopes wer... 
8 Year Old Boy from Ivory Coast Found in Suitcase at Spanish Border in Botched Smuggling Attempt: An 8-year-ol... 
Photos: Ben Murray-Bruce's son graduates from US University: Jared, one of the sons Silverbird Group chairman ... 
Aww...remember the couple who met on twitter and got engaged last year? They got married today: You guys remem... 
Kylie Jenner denies saying 'high as f***!*: The 17 year old took to Twitter to deny she said 'high as f***!' i... 
John Fashanu's wife, Abigail, attacked him with samurai sword his sister claims: The last has not been heard o... 
PDP Spokesperson ‘Olisah Metuh’ Highlights Gen. Buhari’s Numerous Promises To Nigerians: The Peoples Democrati... 
Lyon's title hopes suffer big blow vs. Caen; Bordeaux beat Nantes: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-... 
Akpororo storms the US for ELOGAIR 2015 Concert: Riding on his numerous successes back home and his popularity... 
Nigerian presidents must use only made in Nigeria Peugeot as official cars- Ben Murray Bruce: Chairman of Silv... 
Buckman – Tonight is Your Night ft Sunshyn (Official Video): Buckman teams up with Sunshyn (formerly Koo the B... 
"Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced." - Leo Nikolaevich Tol... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Omotola headlines "poverty is sexist" global campaign: Omotola has just returned from Johannesburg where she s... 
Karrueche Tran Shows Birthday TBT Photo Of Cassie Touching Her ‘Bu*tt’ (Photo):   Chris Brown’s ex, Karrueche,... 
Biu town in Borno currently under attack: Madthaw Village in Miringa District of Biu Local Government Area in ... 
New Music: Rundatrax | Africa ft. Runtown, Diamond &amp; Teddy-A: Veteran Music Producer/ Performer Extraordinaire... 
Prem: Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Palace may not have been co... 
Photo: Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi pays Nasir El Rufai congratulatory visit:  Emir of Kano, Mahammadu Sanus... 
Anna Ebiere Preaches On Instagram… READ What She Preached: The Ex-beauty Queen and Flavour’s girlfriend took t... 
Photos: Atiku’s Son, Aliyu Graduates From American University Of Nigeria: Former VP, Atiku Abubakar’s son, Ali... 
Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak sentenced To 3 years in prison in retrial on corruption charges: An Egyptian court on Sa... 
China orders Muslim shopkeepers to sell alcohol, cigarettes, to ‘weaken’ Islam: Muslim shops and restaurants i... 
"A sweetheart is a bottle of wine, a wife is a wine bottle" - Charles Baudelaire: "A sweetheart is a bottle of... 
"I've got to savor this a little bit -- my last regular-season game against Arizona. Finishing it off with a n... 
Sunderland earn important victory:  
WHO Declares Liberia Ebola-Free: The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared Liberia Ebola-free, after co... 
A Man Discovered 179 Years In India: “Death Has Forgotten Me”: “My grandchildren are dead there for years. Som... 
"Football Is an honest game. It's true to life . It's a game about sharing. Football is a team game. So is lif... 
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
President-Elect Muhammadu Buhari Spotted on Airport Shuttle – PHOTO: Muhammadu Buhari rides the airport shuttl... 
Nigeria’s Economy Near Collapse, Says Odigie-Oyegun: The National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC),... 
Photo of the day: Photo from the 2015 Lagos State CarnivalPhoto credit: Lukeshphoto 
More Trekking! Man Walks from Aba to Nsukka to Honour Enugu Governor-Elect: If you thought the trekking trend ... 
WHO Warns that Ebola May be Transmitted Sexually | Urges Survivors &amp; Their Partners to Seek Counselling: The W... 
Liberia declared Ebola free: The World Health Organization WHO has declared Liberia, one of the countries wors... 
Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu Buhari seen on airport shuttle bus:  Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu B... 
Jang administration leaving only N18bn debt for incoming govt – Commissioner: The Plateau State Government on ... 
"The work of art may have a moral effect, but to demand moral purpose from the artist is to make him ruin his ... 
Karrueche Tran shows birthday TBT photo of her touching her friends 'behind' (Photo): Chris Brown's ex, Karrue... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
"Every artist was first an amateur." - Ralph Waldo Emerson: "Every artist was first an amateur." - Ralph Waldo... 
Borno sets up 21st IDPs’ camp for deported indigenes from Niger: The Borno State Government on Saturday establ... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
Jay Z And Beyonce Acquire $2.6million Home In New Orleans: Entertainment power couple, Jay Z and Beyonce have ... 
"I love power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a musician loves his violin, to draw out it... 
"Sports is like a war without the killing." - Ted Turner: "Sports is like a war without the killing." - Ted Turner 
Ugochi Ukah: Factors That May Influence the Decision to Divorce – After Cheating: It is a common knowledge tha... 
Prem: Mata -- Man United goal (19'): ENGLISH PREMIER Juan Mata (19')  Crystal Palace 0-1 Manchester United 
"Honest good humor is the oil and wine of a merry meeting, and there is no jovial companionship equal to that ... 
Too Cute! Watch Ciara’s Upclose &amp; Personal Video for ‘I Got You’ Dedicated to Baby Future: There is no doubt t... 
MUSIC : K9 – kayefi (Freestyle): The Multi Talented Kokoma Master ‘K9′ is not slowing down on his game as he d... 
Burnley Relegated from the Premier League Despite Win: Burnley battled to a lone goal victory away at fellow s... 
Yaa Pono – Breaking Curses (Prod By Kin Dee): Uptown Energy’s very own YAA PONO bring to us this brand new hip... 
New Music: Jumabee | Shower Me Ft. Cynthia Morgan: After much uproar regarding the controversial picture of th... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
Hollywood Actress Mindy Kaling Talks Marriage &amp; Kids in InStyle’s June 2015 Issue: Mindy Kaling is the cover s... 
Everton 0-2 Sunderland: Graham Opens His Black Cats Account in Crucial Win: Two fortunate Danny Graham and Jer... 
"We artists! We moon-struck and God-struck ones! We death-silent, untiring wanderers on heights which we do no... 
WHO warns that Ebola might be transmitted sexually: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice... 
"I like these cold, gray winter days. Days like these let you savor a bad mood." - Bill Watterson: "I like the... 
Prem: Diouf -- Stoke City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Mame Biram Diouf (86') Stoke City 3-0 Tottenham 
Yay or Nay? Toke Makinwa Takes a Tip from Kylie Jenner’s Style Book with Blue Hair: Media personality Toke Mak... 
MUSIC : Jumabee – Shower Me ft. Cynthia Morgan: After much uproar regarding the controversial picture of the “... 
Photos: Atiku's son, Aliyu graduates from American University of Nigeria: Former VP Atiku Abubakar's son Aliyu... 
"Spending money like water doesn't mean to show that u are rich but u didn't realise that actually u are showi... 
"Let tears flow of their own accord: their flowing is not inconsistent with inward peace and harmony." - Senec... 
ARM Young Talent Programme (AYTP) 2015: Asset &amp; Resource Management Company (ARM) Limited was established in 1... 
"Golf is a good walk spoiled." - Mark Twain: "Golf is a good walk spoiled." - Mark Twain 
Prem: Ayoze -- Newcastle goal (41'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Ayoze Perez (41') Newcastle 1-1 West Brom 
New Music: Harrysong – Ma Meh: As Harrysong prepares to drop an album, he shares a new track – teaser on what ... 
"Sport is part of every man and woman's heritage and its absence can never be compensated for." - Pierre de Co... 
Senate Presidency: South West APC senators-elect queue behind Lawan: The South West caucus of the All Progress... 
Rumor has it...that a popular A-list artist will be a dad next month: I can't mention names because I no take ... 
Prem: Dawson heads one off the post (8'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Craig Dawson (8') Newcastle 0-0 West Brom 
BN Bridal: Boho-Chic ‘Brides &amp; Babies’ Rustic Shoot in Ghana!: Brides &amp; Babies is back! Aburi Gardens in Aburi... 
NEWS:AFWN Presents Nigeria’s Next Top Designer’s ‘Street Catwalk In the Mall’: Africa Fashion Week Nigeria in ... 
"I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination" - Albert Einstein: "I am enough of an artist to ... 
Michael Schumacher's wife sells off his $40m private jet and holiday mansion as 'he won't use them again': Mic... 
Prem: Defoe -- Sunderland goal (85'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jermaine Defoe goal (85') Everton 0-2 Sunderland 
NEWS:Amber Rose Flashes Her Boobs At Premiere Of The Movie, Sister Code: Amber Rose showed off her boobs at th... 
NDLEA Arrests A Lagos Pastor With 1.978kg Of Heroin At Enugu Airport: Operatives of National Drug Law Enforcem... 
Photo: Blogger Sisi Yemmie and husband welcome baby boy: Popular blogger Yemisi Aiyedun aka Sisi Yemmie, who m... 
"Olympism is a philosophy which, by blending sport with culture, seeks to create a way of life based on the jo... 
"I think what he is doing this season, all of us ? players, coaches and media in particular ? should really sa... 
Prem: Graham -- Sunderland goal (53'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Graham goal (53') Everton 0-1 Sunderland 
W’ve no preferred candidate for Senate presidency, says APC: The All Progressives Congress on Friday declared ... 
Woman Gives Birth To New Baby Twins – Who Have Two Different Dads: In a landmark case, the woman’s former boyf... 
"It's too bad that one has to conceive of sports as being the only arena where risks are, [for] all of life is... 
New Music: Stonebwoy | Mama (Prod. By Beatz Dakay): This song is dedicated to every mother, whether dead or al... 
BN Beauty: Stop Mascara from Running &amp; Smudging with Helpful Tips from Jackie Aina | MakeupGameOnPoint: I don’... 
"I don't know any other way to lead but by example." - Don Shula: "I don't know any other way to lead but by e... 
VIDEO: Lady Jaydee | Give Me Love Ft. Mazet &amp; DJ Maphorisa: Finally Lady Jaydee’s Give Me Love music video is ... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
Ramz Nic – Nyame Ay3 Bi ft Guru &amp; Benji (Official Video): Finally Ramz Nic brings to us the much anticiapted v... 
Music: Dj Wizzical – You Bad: ONOGWU LIVINUS (a k a) Dj Wizzical born oct 1990 an OAP with Breez 91.9 fm A you... 
New Music: iLLbliss | Salute Ft Modenine, B-Elect &amp; Cashino:   Modenine takes us back to 2006 on day 9 of his ... 
Burundi President Registers To Run For Third Term As Clashes Erupt: Burundi’s president registered on Friday t... 
"The one who loves you will make you weep." - Argentine Proverb: "The one who loves you will make you weep." -... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
At C.O.D United, it is ladies first: When the C.O.D United Ladies team was set up only two years ago, the goal... 
MUSIC : Sound Sultan – Obalola: Sound Sultan promised to let go of this tune if he gets 2k retweets on his twi... 
Loose Kaynon – Go Hard ft. Ice Prince x Milli: Loose Kaynon of Chocolate City drops a new single and collabora... 
More Than 100 Saudi-led Air Strikes Hit Yemen: Houthis: A Saudi-led coalition struck northern provinces of Yem... 
Remember the 2 sisters I told y'all about yesterday? They are now in Kirikiri: Yesterday, I told y'all about t... 
Debut Photo: Toke Makinwa Joins The Reigning Trend Of Kylie Jenner’s Inspired Weave: Toke Makinwa who is a fre... 
Is there anything wrong with the way Rita Ora hugged Jay Z from behind?: Photo taken inside the Met Gala. Fans... 
Man Confesses To Killing His Wife, Daughter And Sister On Facebook: The Canadian police are investigating what... 
What do you guys think of this post by actress Ronke Oshodi Oke: She posted this photo of a random guy she met... 
Photos: 8 year old boy found in suitcase at Spanish border: How can you risk your child's life this way? An 8-... 
New Music: Loose Kaynon – Go Hard Ft. Ice Prince &amp; Milli: From the #TICBN album CBN presents new music from Lo... 
“She created an extraordinary life…walking a path that did not exist” – Tracee Ellis Ross shares Why Mom, Dian... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
Buhari Supporters Organisation chairman in Delta state kidnapped: Buhari Supporters Organisation (Bso) Chairma... 
70-Year-Old-man Dies After Having s*x With 2 Secondary School Girls: A 70-year-old man identified as Collins I... 
Artists from around the world given opportunity to 'Set The Stage' with Africa's biggest acts: After the succe... 
Amber Rose tries to take back what she said about Kanye. Blames it on alcohol: Amber Rose has a gag order not ... 
Thoughts On The Most Talked About Looks From MET GALA 2015: This is one red carpet event where you can’t reall... 
Luis Enrique looks to exorcise the ghost of Real Sociedad in treble chase: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says... 
Stonebwoy – Mama (Prod By Beatz Dakay): As we celebrate our mothers. Bhimantion General and artist of the year... 
Sound Sultan finally gets his 2k retweets: The singer finally got his 2k retweets but not before Nigerians dra... 
Etcetera doesn't think Dangote can afford to buy Arsenal football club: Dangote is worth about $15.7 billion a... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Man City need to find another Lionel Messi: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insis... 
Your thorough analysis usually enables you to make the best-in... More for Virgo 
Photo: Another Nigerian soldier dies: Lieutenant MI Musa was killed in action yesterday. May his soul rest in ... 
New Music: 2Phat – Veteran (Prod. By Pheelz): Coded Tunes signee and Veteran 2Phat is back with a Pheelz produ... 
MC Galaxy Breakthrough Album Competition: Mc Galaxy has just released his new album breakthrough which is sold... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Everything that Fits! Enjoy the Ultimate Shopping Experience at The Mercado by Ilsa Aida: Do you need a place ... 
Falcons Through to 3rd Round Caf Olympic Qualifying Tournament: Nigeria’s senior women’s national team have re... 
Mariah Carey suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage: 45 year old Mariah Carey suffered an accidental wardrobe m... 
Will you rock Kendall Jenner's knee-high gladiator boots? (Photos): Kendall Jenner stepped out in these knee-h... 
"In the field of sports you are more or less accepted for what you do rather than what you are." - Althea Gibs... 
Woman finds out her Twins are born to different Dads: A woman in New Jersey only discovered that her twins hav... 
New Music: Emmerson – Telescope: Here’s what is hot in west Africa Emmerson, the Sierra Leone Star, is the wes... 
PDP’s Problem Is Its Lawless NWC – Former Adamawa Governor: Former Acting governor of Adamawa state and Nigeri... 
This week on twitter: 85 new followers, 59 new unfollowers  and followed 26 people via 
Victoria Kimani – Loving You ft. Ice Prince: Kenyan belle Victoria Kimani of Chocolate City teams up with Ice ... 
New Video: Jahbless – 69 Missed Calls Ft. Olamide, Reminisce, Lil Kesh, CDQ &amp; Chinko Ekun (Teaser): The Offici... 
"I don't know anything that builds the will to win better than competitive sports." - Richard M. Nixon: "I don... 
El-Rufai Vows Not To Interfere With Local Government Funds: Unlike several governors of the All Progressives C... 
Buhari’s ministers, lawmakers to get N9bn housing, furniture allowance: Senators and members of the House of R... 
It Is Disgraceful For Igbo To Beg Buhari For Appointments – Ohaneze: Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization Oha... 
"Games lubricate the body and the mind." - Benjamin Franklin: "Games lubricate the body and the mind." - Benja... 
VIDEO: Xucceedo | Obalende + Freedom(Audio): The “Oyin Ishio Ku (King of the City) Xucceedo is definitely an a... 
Madonna and daughter wore matching outfits to MET after party (photos): 56 year old Madonna wore leather hotpa... 
Court To Rule On Kashamu’s Suit To Block Alleged Extradition Plot: A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has a... 
Miss Zimbabwe may lose crown over nude photo allegations: A year after her predecessor quit over a similar sca... 
Orlando City score two late goals to draw with New England Revolution: Aurelien Collin scored in the 90th minu... 
Khloe Kardashian shows off her hour glass shape (photo): Khloe shared this photo of herself working out in the... 
WATCH: Wondolowski's tidy finish: San Jose's Chris Wondolowski rounds Colorado goalkeeper Clint Irwin to slot ... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
"You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake." - Bob Hope: "You know you are getting... 
"The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday" - Paris Hilton: "The way I see it, you sho... 
"How many observe Christ's birthday! How few, his precepts! O! 'tis easier to keep holidays than commandments.... 
Chelsea chasing Everton's 'defender of the future' John Stones: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses some of the s... 
Ball J – CMM (Count My Mistakes) (Freestyle): This is an unwritten freestyle by Ball J. This freestyle was rec... 
Lol. Man steals jewelry at gunpoint but brings It back because it was fake: A Miami man, Daniel Sion Palmer, 2... 
Gemini – Never Say Never (NsN) (Feat. E.L, Stargo x Jason EL.A) (Official Video): Gemini has a new video! Chec... 
Meek Mill Celebrates His 28th Birthday With Nicki Minaj In Hawaii (Photos): Nicki Minaj and beau  Meek Mill vi... 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 
Nigerians sef! Sound Sultan asked for 2,000 retweets hours ago, see what they are doing to him instead: Choi! ... 
"A particular shot or way of moving the ball can be a player's personal signature, but efficiency of performan... 
Backdoor In Marriage; Perverted Or God Given Right?: Some people would say that the basic necessities of life ... 
Mourinho: Messi a difference-maker: With Lionel Messi on the verge of appearing in his fourth Champions League... 
Femi Fani-Kayode thinks PDP NWC members should resign: Femi Fani-Kayode thinks the PDP National Working Commit... 
Coco Austin and her sister's Yoga moves are off the chain (photos): It's called AcroYoga and sometimes the sis... 
Louis van Gaal yet to convert Man United possession into points: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advoca... 
PayAttitude works with your phone to enable easy and convenient transactions: Nigeria’s top innovations compan... 
Nigerian man jailed for 2 years for driving into police officer in the UK: A 22 year old Nigerian man, Michael... 
"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age." - Robert Frost: "A ... 
Meet The Lady Who Broke Into Chris Brown’s Home And stri*ped Herself unclad: The crazy chic who broke into Chr... 
Chris Brown's alleged stalker formally charged with 3 felonies: Chris Brown's stalker Amira Ayeb from Tunisia ... 
Allegri has instilled Champions League confidence at Juventus: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri was pleas... 
Nicki Minaj Celebrates Her Boyfriend’s Birthday With Her “Asset”:   32yrs old Nicki Minaj is kinda getting ser... 
Denrele Edun – “I’m Comfortable With My Style”: Rumors filtered in days ago that Denrele Edun wants to change ... 
Zamfara Assembly investigates majority leader’s alleged fight with driver over woman: Zamfara House of Assembl... 
Pics: Buhari attends Jumaat Prayers at Mambila Mosque in Abuja: The president-elect attended Jumaat prayers at... 
Unbeatable CompTIA Exams promo!: New Horizons is the world's largest independent  IT and Business Skills Train... 
Beyonce's fans drag Serbian popstar so much, she begs them to stop: The Bey Hives  have been dragging Jelena K... 
Winifred Adebayo: Changing the Coloured World: I was at my dental appointment a few weeks ago. The dental assi... 
PSG six points clear behind Cavani hat-trick, Ibrahimovic brace: Paris St. Germain took a giant leap towards r... 
Fayose asks Mu'azu to resign the way British LP, Liberal Democrats leaders' did: Press statement from Ekiti st... 
Don’t Suffer In Silence! 3 Ways To Express Your Value And Worth To Your Spouse: The need to feel valued, speci... 
"A young man who wishes to remain a sound atheist cannot be too careful of his reading." - C.S. Lewis: "A youn... 
New Music: Klever Jay | Go Low (Prod. By 2T Boiz): The konikoni love crooner, Klever Jay comes through with ye... 
Prem: European, relegation battles continue: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advocaat as they face Ever... 
HP Classmate Notebook Specs &amp; Price:  
Toke Makinwa tries blue hair and stuns in it (photos): The media personality just unveiled her new blue hair. ... 
Goodluck Jonathan Congratulates Shonekan, Nwobodo On Their Birthdays: President Goodluck Jonathan has congratu... 
“Evidence that Mu’azu worked for APC”, Says Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose: Adamu Mu’azu, Chairman of the Pe... 
New Video: Harrysong – Ma Meh: Days ago, Harrysong disclosed in an Instagram post that work has began on his n... 
Music: A-Cool Ft. Wizkid – Iyawo Mi { @iam_Acool , @Wizkidayo }: Dope Joint Alert.. AfroNaija Entertainment Si... 
Methodist Church Tasks Enugu Govt. On Handover Of Schools Before May 29: The Methodist Church has called on th... 
New Video: Wizkid Performance @ Industry Nite in Houston: Here is what went down at industry night with the af... 
"One individual may die for an idea; but that idea will, after his death, incarnate itself in a thousand lives... 
Jose Mourinho could field a young Chelsea side in Gerrard farewell: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho credits Stev... 
Abortion Kills 34,000 Women In Nigeria Every Year: About 34,000 women die in 760,000 abortions that are perfor... 
Photo: Wizkid shares lovely new pic with Tania Omotayo: Nice looking couple! 
Music: DJ Dimplez – ‘Bae Coupe’ ft Ice Prince, Emmy Gee, Riky Rick: Top South African disc jockey, DJ Dimplez,... 
LG LB580V Smart TV Specs &amp; Price:  
Kourtney Kardashian Talks Motherhood ‘Kim sticks to more neutral colors with North. With Penelope I put her in... 
Can Moyes do it again against Barcelona?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Tommy Smyth preview Real Sociedad's c... 
President Goodluck Jonathan, Speaks On The Importance Of The Rail-Way System: As the official handing over app... 
The sun is death"@Lekinx247: Abeg, use Pidgin "@tz_Uchay: This sun is die í ½í¸­í ½í¸­í ½í¸­"""""

<WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK>ＩＦ

<BALLOT BOX WITH CHECK>️ＹＯＵ

<WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK>ＦＯＬＬＯＷＢＡＣＫ

<BALLOT BOX WITH CHECK>️#MGWV

<WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK>#RETWEET

<BALLOT BOX WITH CHECK>️#FOLLOWTRICK

<WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK>#TEAMFOLLOWBACK

<BALLOT BOX WITH CHECK>️#ANOTHERFOLLOWTRAIN

<WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK>#ＦＯＬＬＯＷ…
Just three steps to Enjoy life CTRL  ALT
 DEL. 1.Control Urself  2.Look for Alternative
solution 3.Delete (cont) 
sit here ( \___ ) and tell us more"@SirJohnnyKay: I hate love stories."
we know "@GGreenier: life is a battle"
Benin at War Over its Heritage!: That was the situation in 1897 when the British invaded the Benin Kingdom, an... 
FG Wants Certificate Of Workers Verified Before May 29: The Federal Government has directed that a verificatio... 
Students Injured As Militants Attack Potiskum Again: While the military continue to record gains against terro... 
Call me A…
na by force to form rapper?"@Trillamanjaro: DecentRidwan shut your shadow black ass up"
Lol. Amber Rose comes for Kanye's neck, says he doesn't write his songs: Looks like Amber Rose is not done tak... 
╰<GLOWING STAR>➊<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯FOLLOW ALL WHO RT
╰<GLOWING STAR>➋<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯FOLLOWBACK
╰<GLOWING STAR>➌<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯GAIN WITH #MGWV
╰<GLOWING STAR>➍<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯FOLLOW ☞ @goldynjay
u Neva discover ya talent o"@Trillamanjaro: My rhymes are too bomb...
Call me Allahu AkBARZ"
Adekunle Gold ni"@soulhighman: Olodo, no b vector? "DecentRidwan: Justin Bieber "@BIOLA_O: Who sang Aye by davido? #WhoWantsToBePresident
if she get money.... I'll stay with her"@Its_Hoe_K: What if your parents force you to marry someone? #WhoWantsToBePresident"
*so nudes na yuur drug* #YouNeedPrayer"@SirJohnnyKay: &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; RT @LADE_KRANE: Plix I'm still Not Feeling Fine...Send Me Nudes!"

#Harrysong_MaDehDemO"
Justin Bieber "@BIOLA_O: Who sang Aye by davido? #WhoWantsToBePresident"
1.5M "@Mah_your_wah: How much should corper allowee be? #WhoWantsToBePresident"
strictly faaji"@BIOLA_O: What are fridays known for? #WhoWantsToBePresident"
aon need luck... let GodWin
You're not a tested Christian until you have lived in the north - Pastor Adeboye: This twitter handle is conne... 

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➋<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ RETWEET

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➌<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ FOLLOW ALL WHO RT

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➍<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ #FOLLOWBACK

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➎<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ GAIN WITH #MGWV

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➏<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ #FOLLOW ☞ …
#ShoroNiyen "@KvngHALOGEN: your fav naija slang?

#Harrysong_MaDehDemO"
are you mad? "@churesma: what question are you dying to ask me  ? #WhoWantsToBePresident"
I no b Oliver Twist na"@agentjoe_: Ever cried cos of food? #WhoWantsToBePresident"
Kylie Jenner says she's 'high as f***' in new video as Tyga's grandma says she approves of their relationship:... 
tahh.... go Sambisa forest "@Pwettybee09: Feel lyk traveling out of lag....but no where
House of Reps okays conference report on Cybercrime Bill: The House of Representatives in Abuja approved the h... 
There has never been a fight between me and Fashola - Bola Tinubu: Former Governor of Lagos state, Bola Tinubu... 
MUSIC : Victoria Kimani – Loving You ft. Ice Prince: Choi Boy Nation releases a new tune,and on this one Victo... 
Mercy Johnson sets her sights on box office dominance: She's the sweet actress adored by many, from the film p... 
Photos: Khloe Kardashian gets cellulite lasered off her butt: When you have money, you can do whatever you lik... 
Lagos Residents Demand Provision of Public Toilets on Highways: Some residents of Lagos on Friday called on th... 
Sacha Kljestan has returned to MLS a veteran of Europe's bright lights: This week's episode of MLS Insider exp... 
see question ..."@Reyzie_Zec: what kind of Don is DonJazzy ?

#Harrysong_MaDehDemO"

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➋<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ RETWEET

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➌<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ FOLLOW ALL WHO RT

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➍<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ #FOLLOWBACK

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➎<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ GAIN WITH #MGWV

<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️➏<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>️ #FOLLOW ☞ @Nnihas01
I'll be crazy to think that"@mp_maniac: do you think i am a virgin ? #50NairaStory"
wickedness"@B1OLA: 0.2% "DecentRidwan: 32% "@jocollections69: 45% "@Reyzie_Zec: Rate it %"@TheOnlybadhGuy: (cont) 
twitpic abeg "@olalee1: Fitted cap"
Two gold circle "@Mah_your_wah: What can N50 buy? #50NairaStory"
19th century "@talktoUTI: What year did gala become N50? #50NairaStory"
32% "@jocollections69: 45% "@Reyzie_Zec: Rate it %"@TheOnlybadhGuy: laye by kiss daniel. . . that song is so sweet"""
Jonathan congratulates Cameron, Conservatives on electoral victory: President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday conv... 
<CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>ＦＯＬＬＯＷＢＡＣＫ<HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>

╱╭━━┳━┳━┳╮#RETWEET
━┫╱┓┣┳━━━╯#MGWV
╱╱╱┃┃╯
━┫╱╰┛╯
╱╰━━━╯

#F4F
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK

<OK HAND SIGN>#ＦＯＬＬＯＷ<OK HAND SIGN> …
Photos from Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede's burial: The Classic FM presenter died on Sunday May 3rd and was buried ... 
Questioneers on my TL 
101% "@Semzy: tweet your battery percentage ? #50NairaStory"
"The heart is the only broken instrument that works." - T. E. Kalem: "The heart is the only broken instrument ... 
Photo: Nigeria's president-elect's convoy: Gen. Buhari's convoy as it made its way to the Defence House in Abu... 
tahh... I have it"@Miss_Ebun: It's trash!!"@Reyzie_Zec: That American Oxygen literary has no lyrics tho...""
Father &amp; Son in Arraigned at Ibadan Court for Allegedly Biting Off Neighbour’s Earlobe: A 65-year-old man, Joh... 
Jose Mourinho wanted Steven Gerrard at Real Madrid and Inter Milan: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho has said he tried ... 
You need prayer"@Retta_pablo: E no go pass dream"@HILARIOUSPPP: Dat was how I had sex with dis white girl in my dream"""
Court suspends Salman Khan's 5-year prison sentence: A Bombay high court today suspended the five year prison ... 
she be forming dick pleaser before...
Power sharing not threatening stability of Southeast APC – Ngige: Senator Chris Ngige on Thursday in Abuja den... 
Check out the 'Damilohun' video by Sly that everyone is talking about: Born and bred in Lagos, Sly is a versat... 
Zoning Formulas &amp; Our Polity - By Charly Boy: Article written by Charly Boy. Read below and share your thought... 
Ogun Court Remands 38 Year Old in Prison Over Alleged Rape of 8 Year Old Girl: An Ota Magistrates’ Court in Og... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: The ESPN FC crew debate which league can be... 
Photos from the foiled bomb attack in Potiskum today: Some photos from the foiled bomb attack that occurred at... 
MUSIC : Modenine – Smiling Faces ft. Ikechukwu: On the 8th day, Modenine drops Smiling Faces, a Lyrical Showdo... 
Supreme Court reserves judgment on Osun governorship election till May 27: The Supreme Court on Thursday fixed... 
Photos: Pamela Anderson steps out without a bra: Want to get a little attention? Go out bra-less. Ms Anderson ... 
Premier League, La Liga or another -- which league is harder to win?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but ... 
Take the Ultimate Leap in the Right Direction! Attend the 2015 Faith Conference at This Present House | May 11... 
Tonto Dikeh shares new photo with her man, Mr X: She's back to hiding his face...:-) 
Major UK fashion brand, New Look, now live &amp; exclusive on Jumia!: Fashion  trends come and go, but some Fashio... 
Late Classic FM OAP Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede buried: Late Classic FM 97.3 presenter Slyvester Ojigbede popular... 
"It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business" - Mahatma Gandhi: "It is difficult,... 
Actor Femi Jacobs releases new promo pics as he turns a year older: One of Nollywood's most sought after actor... 
Nasri ruled out for Man City but Kompany and Toure return from injury: MANCHESTER -- Samir Nasri will miss the... 
Express Your Style with New Look | Live &amp; Exclusive on Jumia!: Fashion trends come and go, but some Fashion br... 
This Chris Brown home intruder is crazy sha! And she's African!: The crazy chic who broke into Chris Brown's h... 
9 Reasons Dating A Mama’s Boy Is Better Than Dating A Bad Boy: Its important when seeking out a boyfriend to l... 
MUSIC : Boomerang – Temi Ni ft. Yemi Alade: After her debut singles, Boomerang of Workerman Ent presents to us... 
Update from Nigeria Police on foiled bomb attack in Potiskum: Here is an update from the Nigerian police on  t... 
MLS Insider: The Atomic Ant: Toronto FC's diminutive forward Sebastian Giovinco brings a unique set of skills to MLS. 
Hull City’s Mo Diame to Have Surgery on Troublesome Knee: Hull City midfielders Mohammed Diame will undergo kn... 
Buy your Phone or Tablet Now, and Pay Later at 
UBA and MasterCard Reward Cardholder with Priceless Holiday Experience in Dubai:  UBA is known to offer freebi... 
Amazing story of how a mother re-united with the son she left behind in Boko Haram camp: Margaret, a mother of... 
MUSIC : Harry Songz – Ma Meh: Here is a leaked song from Five Star Music Act Harry Songz, Still a Good song ev... 
Arsene Wenger has plenty to ponder amid doubts over Ramsey's fitness: Arsene Wenger says he is delighted with ... 
Ghanaian man dresses in a suit to sell water melon on the streets: Pictured above is Daniel Nartey, a Ghanaian... 
Unlawful detention of two sisters: Just got this sad email from a LIB reader. Things like this just make me so... 
Man United's Michael Carrick sidelined for remainder of campaign: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick... 
David Cameron Wins UK General Elections: The UK’s Prime Minister, David Cameron, will remain in office for ano... 
Jobberman Free CV Evaluation Continues.: Have you uploaded your CV for a free evaluation? You still have time.... 
"The United States is the only country with a known birthday.  ~James G. Blaine" - James G. Blaine: "The Unite... 
Emmanuel Adebayor's sister fires back, calls him liar, says the family is done with him: Three days ago, footb... 
Photos: Meet General Buhari's beautiful daughter, Safina Buhari: Meet Safina Buhari, the beautiful daughter of... 
New Royal Baby Poised to Create Spikes in Retail Demand: The Centre for Retail Research has suggested the birt... 
"The way we speak of our parents teaches our children the way
they will speak of us to our grandchildren." - G... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge to miss start of next season after surgery: LIVERPOOL -- Liverpool manager Brenda... 
Flawless Bridal Beauty Looks with Joy Adenuga!: Joy Adenuga is a leading makeup artist in the UK! She has beau... 
I know he's married, but that doesn't mean we can't look! (photos): Women, make una help me see better thing t... 
Photo: Some Nigerians forced out of Niger Republic arrive Nigeria: Photo above shows Nigerians arriving Giedam... 
China Direct Sales Site 
Suicide bomber attacks College of Administrative Studies in Yobe: A suicide bomber and a group of men suspecte... 
"We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are." - Calv... 
"And I'm proud to be an American,
      where at least I know I'm free.
      And I won't forget the men who d... 
LV Speedy vs Longchamp Pliage?: Dress like a future Queen or a Hollywood icon…and the best part is, you can ge... 
Explosion On Lagos To Ibadan Express Way (PHOTOS): Explosion is on at the ever busy Lagos to Ibadan expressway... 
South African man raped at gun point by 3 women so they could steal his sperm: A South Africa man has told how... 
Arsene Wenger optimistic Theo Walcott will extend Arsenal deal: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger said he is confident T... 
Benin at War Over its Heritage! The Highly Anticipated ‘Invasion 1897′ Now on DSTV BoxOffice: That was the sit... 
I haven't been with another woman since I met Toyin Lawani 4 years ago - Lord Triggs: Toyin Lawani's babydaddy... 
Kebbi disburses N2bn loan to SMEs: The Kebbi Government has disbursed N2 billion as revolving loan to propriet... 
20yr old Mhairi Black wins British Paliarment seat, youngest MP in 300 years: Mhairi Black, 20 years and 238 d... 
Sergio Aguero would rather win title with Man City than the Golden Boot: Sergio Aguero has set his sights on f... 
Dr. Sid the Film Director! Watch His First Short Film Titled ‘Application’: Dr. Sid is definitely ready to mak... 
'A loved one gone forever. How it feels!' late Toba Folade's sister Tolu shares experience: Toba Falode would ... 
"Love is missing someone whenever you're apart, but somehow feeling warm inside because you're close in heart.... 
Ademola Receives Full Tuition Scholarship From Sheffield Hallam University, UK. You Can Too!: Ademola is from ... 
Running Tech That Makes A Difference: The right technology can make a real difference to running, whether you ... 
"Dino has pledged to the party, and he did that a long time ago. He will stand by us and help retire that debt... 
All four Nigerians that contested for seats in UK parliament win: Four Nigerians who contested for various sea... 
Photo: Nollywood Fashion King Jim Iyke Launches Bottled Water Company: James Ikechukwu Esomugha, popularly kno... 
D.C. United's Eddie Johnson to retire as MLS voids his contract - report: Major League Soccer has voided the c... 
Almost Here! Dr. Sid Shares Pretty Photo of Wife, Simi Osomo: We expect to hear the good news about Dr. Sid an... 
Leicester Boss Pearson Wins Barclays Manager of the Month: Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson has picked the... 
"At the dawn of history India started on her unending quest, and trackless centuries are filled with her striv... 
Sign of good living"@Lytanye_: Breakfast in bed...... Epp me."
Pls explain better"@Zennyharry: I AM NOT HAUSA
I DO NOT SPEAK HAUSA
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND HAUSA

Is that clear enough?"
Nokia"@BIOLA_O: Your favourite Laptop Make? #ChocoBoiRemix #ChocoBoiRemix"
Alligator pepper"@talktoUTI: What goes best with chilled coke inside traffic jam? #Coke129years"
Inside China's Smart Money This Week: May 4-8: Busy readers: here is what happened inside China’s smart money ... 
Once "@Adeola_Cule: They have Justin bieber we have......?   #Wizboyy_Phyno_Salambala"
Lady Gets Publicly Disgraced for Wearing a Transparent Cloth. 
Lol. Manny Pacquaio mocks Floyd Mayweather in new pic: Haha. Mayweather was arrested and jailed for domestic v... 
Photos: The handshake between Sen. Ndoma 30 years ago &amp; today: Left is Victor Ndoma Egba shaking hands with Ge... 
Manchester United top list of Premier League's greatest champions: FC TV's Craig Burley believes Jose Mourinho... 
Mercy Johnson Okojie Shares New Family Photos: Mercy Johnson is definitely glowing. The Nollywood actress and ... 
Pound Surges, FTSE Up As Conservative Victory Becomes Apparent: It's not as yet certain that the Conservative ... 
Photos: Truck currently burning on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway: A truck is currently burning on the Lagos-Ibadan E... 
People seem to go beyond the call of duty to reassure you abou... More for Virgo 
University of Dundee Alumni Networking Event in Lagos: The University of Dundee invites you to the Sheraton Fo... 
"It takes a long time to grow young." - Pablo Picasso: "It takes a long time to grow young." - Pablo Picasso 
The Relegation Scrap: Premier League battle going down to the wire: Newcastle manager John Carver makes it cle... 
Photos: Actor Jonah Hill gains massive weight for movie role: 31 year old actor, Jonah Hill was looking heavie... 
This headline on Bisi Alimi though...: Immigrant and HIV positive in once sentence. Looks to me like they don'... 
Pele in Stable Condition after Surgery: Legendary Brazilian Pele has had prostrate surgery and is in a stable ... 
Wow! I almost forgot! Here are winners of last Monday's Giveaway: Just remembered this morning that I haven't ... 
There Could Be More Tory MPs In Scotland Than Labour Ones: The most astonishing result of the British general ... 
Memphis Depay joined United over Liverpool after Van Gaal talks - sources: Memphis Depay opted to join Manches... 
Businessman killed during police stop and search: Four policemen have been arrested in Lagos for mounting an i... 
Anike Afolabi: Parents, Don’t Be Grumpy Guides: Children are natural ‘drillers’- Daddy, what is that? Mommy, w... 
Jonathan Lied To Us About 2nd Niger Bridge, Ohaneze Tells Buhari: Ohanaeze Ndigbo Caretaker Committee, yesterd... 
Fuel Scarcity: We have 1.2bn litres of petrol in stock, says NNPC:  The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporatio... 
"All we have of freedom - all we use or know - This our fathers bought for us, long and long ago" - Rudyard Ki... 
Inside The Offices Of Linkedin!: VideoOver the past few weeks I've been getting to know the inner workings of ... 
Nigeria’s Problem Is Not Ethnic Or Religious, It Is Corruption – Buhari: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, ye... 
One in every 2 women of reproductive age suffer anaemia in Nigeria - NSN: Nigeria faces one of the largest bur... 
"I never know what to get my father for his birthday. I gave him a hundred dollars and said, 'Buy yourself som... 
An example of a long distance relationship... 
"Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing" - Lao Tzu: "Doing nothing is better than being busy do... 
Dr Sid shares a photo of his glowing pregnant wife: Dr Sid shared this picture of his wife, Simi, at the parki... 
New Un-American Record: Renouncing U.S. Citizenship: The U.S. quarterly name and shame list of those renouncin... 
David Cameron wins election, gets to stay another 5 years: David Cameron is on course for an extraordinary  vi... 
Midsized firms are Asia's new champions: Midsized firms are Asia’s new champions. It used to be that foreign m... 
"It's absolutely incredible, and his retirement should be a celebration more than anything else." - Randy Cros... 
EMC Cloud Storage, Flash Memory And Beyond: In developing storage technology to support Platform 3 application... 
Christina Milian finally confirms long-rumoured relationship with rapper Lil Wayne: Christina Milian has final... 
'We want to meet her': Kylie and Kendall Jenner tells dad Bruce, they are eager to get to know his female side... 
British Election Result Forecast Keeps "Brexit" Fog Over European Union, Calls For Cameron Courage: The Conser... 
Twin sisters busted for stealing from stores using near-identical looks: Twin British sisters who repeatedly s... 
Sofia Vergara's frozen embryo battle gets nasty: Sofia looked stunning as she unveiled her star on the Walk of... 
"From every mountain side
      Let Freedom ring." - Samuel F. Smith: "From every mountain side
      Let Free... 
Are We Really Going To Shop From The Apple Watch? What Retail Apps Are Trying To Achieve: There were multiple ... 
Lol. Man robs bank and brags about it on Instagram: Dominyk Antonio AlfonsecaWonders shall never end, lol. A V... 
Have Mormons Become America's Best Advocates For Freedom Of Speech?: A worldwide debate has emerged over relig... 
"You give me your blood and I will give you Independence!" - Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose: "You give me your bl... 
'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' Renewed For Season 3 by ABC. Longevity Is Now Virtually Guaranteed.: Without much sur... 
Bayern Munich after Felipe Anderson, Man United agree Memphis Depay deal: Bayern Munich fans have expressed th... 
"Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what you can do for your country." - John Fitzgerald Kennedy: "... 
Welcome To Brickell, Miami's "Wall Street South": With an open economy and culture, Miami has become an intern... 
Fitbit Has A Problem - And It Isn't Apple: Fitbit just filed a $100 million IPO, but there's a real problem lo... 
PSG can't slip up vs. Guingamp as title defence hangs in balance: PSG head coach Laurent Blanc has praised his... 
Only One Gets Out Employed: NBA Trial By Fire for Cavaliers' Blatt and Bulls' Thibodeau: It's lonely at the to... 
New Online Game Billionaire Clan Emerges In China: Wu Xushun, co-founder and a director of Wuhu Shunrong Sanqi... 
"Well, birthdays are merely symbolic of how another year has gone by and how little we've grown. No matter how... 
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius 
Two Awesome Hours: Strategies for Peak Productivity: You’re stressed. I’m stressed. We’re all “crazy busy” and... 
W2W4: Friday's MLS games: The ESPN FC crew discuss the MLS games they're most looking forward to on Friday. 
U.S. Oil Production Forecasts Continue to Increase: Surging 80% since 2008, U.S. crude oil production might be... 
Video Teaser: Wizkid | Expensive Shit (Prod. Sarz): StarBoy Wizzy (Wizkid)sure knows how to keep his fans pump... 
"Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly d... 
'The Flash' Season 1, Episode 21 Review: 'Grodd Lives': Spoilers through Season 1 of 'The Flash' follow. While... 
Northwestern's Non-Linear Approach To Innovation: It’s popular to think that the best, most successful innovat... 
coz we're rich already"@tactmayor: Cos its not evrytin"@jaga_holic: Why aint yall talking about money :s"""

       ＡＮＤ

 ＦＯＬＬＯＷ

༺•☾✭☽•༻
     #ＭＧＷＶ
༺•☾✭☽•༻

@SarpongMaxwell
@babyfollow_
@RTMGWV
@ibackfollower
@roryquinn3

♚ＩＦ

♚ＹＯＵ

♚ＦＯＬＬＯＷＢＡＣＫ

▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬
   #ＭＧＷＶ
▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬

@Simplepaste_id
@MSaqibOfficial
@Momzee_ent
@iAmSpinelli
@mast…
Photos: Fayose, House of Reps members, others attend Omosode Igbinedion's birthday party: Omosede Igbinedion, ... 
New Music: Sarkodie | Dumsor (Prod. By Peeweezl):   Ghanaian rap god, Sarkodie goes hard on a Fela sampled bea... 
6 Reasons an Earnings Gap Shouldn't Mean Inequality at Home: “How can I get my husband to share household and ... 
Laura Nwabia: Natural Remedies For Gorgeous Eyes: The eyes play a very important role in the general compositi... 
"Life begins at 40 - but so do fallen arches, rheumatism, faulty eyesight, and the tendency to tell a story to... 
Defending champ Sevilla take 3-0 advantage in Europa League semifinal: Sevilla remain firmly on course to reta... 
Who wore it better? Lala Anthony vs Kim K: Lala Anthony stepped out in  this black maxi  skirt with cropped to... 
'Flash'/'Arrow' Spin-Off 'Legends of Tomorrow' Puts DC Further on the Doorstep of Marvel than Ever: With the c... 
Collision Leaves Startups Banged Up In Las Vegas: Investors attended in droves looking for that gem in the rou... 
Airline Executives Choosing Red-Hot Stocks Over Salaries: The most recent chief executive officer to receive s... 
VIDEO : Henry Knight – Olopa RMX ft. Di’ja, Yemi Alade &amp; Joe EL: Bad Dog Entertainment, a subsidiary of Kulevr... 
Oba of Lagos threatens to expose those who worked against Buhari during elections: Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu... 
"In the old days the people at the senior centers were white American women, usually 75 years old or older, wh... 
Highlights: Sevilla FC 3-0 Fiorentina: Sevilla beat Vincenzo Montella's side 3-0 thanks to a brace from Alexi ... 
Photo: 7,000 Nigerians forced out of Niger republic: 7,000 Nigerians who have been taking refuge in Lake Chad ... 
Photos: Adam Levine attacked with powdered sugar at TV studio: Singer Adam Levine yesterday got blasted with p... 
Tesla's Elon Musk Explains Upcoming Model X Production Ramp: Tesla CEO Elon Musk offered a fairly detailed exp... 
MUSIC : Sarkodie – Dumsor (Prod By Peewezel): Ghana rap Lord sarkodie finally drops a song about the energy pr... 
In Pictures: President Jonathan Inspects Abuja Rail Mass Transit Line and Musa Yar’Adua Express Road: Presiden... 
Apparently 90% Of Harvard Faculty Can Agree On Something: Giving To Democrats: I guess we now know why William... 
Reese Witherspoon Launches Lifestyle Line Draper James: Reese Witherspoon’s new Southern-inspired clothing, ac... 
Omawunmi Talks Motherhood And Locking Up As She Covers TW Magazine:   Singer Omawunmi is the cover girl of the... 
Bet9ja Player Wins 13 Million Naira From A Single N500 Bet: It probably sounds like a dream but its true. A Be... 
"It seeks to ban him from ever doing business in this state again. He is gone. It's time to throw Mr. Kafka a ... 
John Roberts: Behavioral Economist?: Bruce Ackerman and I wrote a piece in the Atlantic today suggesting that ... 
"If I love you, what business is it of yours?" - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe: "If I love you, what business is ... 
Photos: Mercy Johnson shares beautiful new photos of her family: The actress, her husband &amp; their two children... 
Tekno Releases New Promo Photos:   Made Men Music Group (Triple MG) singer, songwriter and instrumentalist, Te... 
Serbian Pop Star Drags Beyonce…..: I was going to ignore this woman but let me just do her story since many, i... 
Lessons From A Content Newsroom Startup: This article is by Steve McKee, president of McKee Wallwork + Co.  Co... 
Photos: Catholic Bishops visit Pres. Jonathan: Catholic Bishops visit President Jonathan at the State House, t... 
New Video: Henry Knight – Olopa 2.0 Ft Yemi Alade, Joe EL &amp; Di’Ja: Bad Dog Entertainment, a subsidiary of Kule... 
Corpers, run to Nasarawa state, the governor has an offer for y'all..lol: The Governor of Nasarawa state, Tank... 
Lawyers Won 10x Fee Payoff By Avoiding Competition, Objector Claims: An objector uncovers evidence plaintiff l... 
WED Expo Presents The Wedding Show Live This Friday May 8th to Sunday 10th: It’s finally here! WED Expo presen... 
A House Divided Against Itself: Fayose And Muazu In War Of Words: Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose has desc... 
It's his job! Make-up artist brushes Beyonce's cleavage (photos): He must love his job! A make-up artist was p... 
Pep Guardiola failed at trying to beat Barcelona at their own game: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Dan Thomas ... 
Police IG directs CPs to set up units to protect Judges: The Acting Inspector-General of Police, Solomon Arase... 
Shay Mitchell Sells West Hollywood Home For $2 Million: Shay Mitchell, known for her role as the sporty Emily ... 
"Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does." - Jane Austen: "Business, you know, ma... 
Wearable Computing's Next Kings: Watches In 2016; Glasses In 2020: Smart watches may boom in popularity for a ... 
Sarkodie – Dumsor (Prod By Peewezel): Sarkodie finaly drops a tune complaining about the current energy situat... 
Photos: Pres. Jonathan inspects the Musa Yar'Adua Express road: Today May 7th, President Jonathan inspected th... 
Photos: Pres. Jonathan inspects the Abuja Rail Mass Transit Line: President Jonathan today May 7th inspected t... 
These Two Scenarios Can Impact Zynga's Stock Price: Social gaming company Zynga’s share price has slumped by a... 
U.S. names 20-man roster for U20 World Cup: #INSERT type:image caption:FC Dallas midfielder Kellyn Acosta was ... 
B2aaz – Obi Doba ft Gaizer: Sunyani based fast rising act B2aaz ones again bring to us this brand new tune the... 
Borussia Dortmund and Schalke 04's Revierderby is a fierce regional rivalry: Highlights of Borussia Dortmund's... 
Do You Remember this #ThrowbackTrack? Listen to Magic System – “1er Gaou”: When this song comes on at parties,... 
Reasons Apple's Shares Fell Post Its Earnings Results: This note describes six reasons Apple’s shares may have... 
Rachel Antonoff x &amp; Other Stories Collaborate on a Campaign-Themed Collection: By many accounts, the idea of s... 
Relegated Milwall Release Shittu, 17 Others: Milwall boss Neil Harris has released Nigerian defender Danny Shi... 
VIDEO : Reminisce – “Local Rappers” ft. Olamide &amp; Phyno: EDGE/LRR records drops the viuals for local rappers o... 
Photo: How Cute! Anna Ebiere Shared This Throwback Pic Of Her Rocking Flavour’s Tee: Former MBGN winner, Anna ... 
Girl brags about sleeping with Chris Brown the first day she met him (text messages): The lady above claimed s... 
MUD Academy Annual PROMO Class…2015 Edition: The MUD Annual Two-Week Promo class is back! Go from beginners to... 
UK repatriates three Nigerian prisoners to Nigeria: The UK government earlier this year repatriated three Nige... 
Mix Diskerud adjusting to New York better than NYCFC is adjusting to MLS: NYCFC star Mix Diskerud took time to... 
"What was silent in the father speaks in the son, and often I found in the son the unveiled secret of the fath... 
Warren Buffett Under Attack On Multiple Fronts: Warren Buffett, the third-richest person in the world with a f... 
Apple's iPhone Continues To Lose Market Share Month To Month: Apple’s iPhone 6 has not made a material long-te... 
Marc Muniesa Fit To Return For Stoke City: Stoke City defender, Marc Muniesa is available for selection after ... 
Kanye West snubbed wife Kim on the Met Gala red carpet?: I saw the photos and they looked happy but some keen ... 
MUSIC : Modenine – Victory: Day 7 of #30DaysofModenine, he unleashes this Kid Konnect produced cut – “Victory”... 
Check out this baby photo of singer Sade Adu: The iconic British/Nigerian singer is 56 now. She was such a cut... 
Eldee: I am Still on the Music Scene: Lanre Dabiri, popularly known as “Eldee D Don’’, on Thursday debunked ru... 
Steven Gerrard's arrival will help MLS 'a lot,' says Orlando City's Kaka: Kaka is excited that MLS is gaining ... 
"Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven." - John Milton: "Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven."... 
"Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend." - Titus Maccius Plautus: "Nothing ... 
Splatoon Weapon Load-Outs, Modes And Amiibo Features Unveiled: Today's Nintendo Direct event unveiled more det... 
If you want it, you can win it!: That’s right fashion lovers! Our friends at MRP are giving one lucky person t... 
New Video: Reminisce – Local Rappers Ft. Olamide &amp; Phyno: While we are still enjoying the Baba Hafusa album, R... 
J&amp;J/Janssen 'Right To Try' Bioethics Board To Level Compassionate Use Playing Field: In a first-of-its-kind pi... 
What's At Stake For Tax Policy In The U.K. Election?: Many U.S. commentators have opined that little is at sta... 
Spanish Football Federation Calls for Suspension of the La Liga: Spanish football will embark on an indefinite... 
OAP Freeze Gets Endorsement deal With Luxury Car Brand, GAC: Controversial OAP, Freeze, is enjoying endorsemen... 
My goodness! Obsessed female fan breaks into Chris Brown's home: Chris Brown just took to instagram to say he ... 
‘You Sexy Thing’ Singer Errol Brown Passes Away at Age 71: Hot Chocolate lead singer Errol Brown has died at t... 
Photo: Theatre nurse abducted in Ekiti state: A theater nurse identified as Mrs Margaret Aladenika who works a... 
Serbian pop star tries to drag Beyonce ...after dragging Kim K: I was going to ignore this woman but let me ju... 
Carlisle: Examining expansion candidates:  
France Investigates Alleged Child Abuse by its Troops in Central Africa: Paris prosecutors said on Thursday, t... 
"We're going to see a kind of old Democratic Party, new Democratic Party kind of split on this. I think in the... 
The Executive's Guide To Wine: Part II: Last week I outlined some basics of business dinner wine selection. In... 
British Boxer, Amir Khan Challenges Floyd Mayweather To A Fight In September: Floyd Mayweather is currently th... 
Come as a student, become a manager – HTMI (A Leading Hotel Management Institute In The World): HTMI Hotel and... 
Students, nursing mother crushed to death by trailer in Benue state: Eight people, including students and a nu... 
New Video: Olamide – Bobo: The boss of YBNL Nation Olamide a.k.a “Baddo” graces the screens with the visual to... 
Priceline Shares Drop As Exchange Rates Hit Q2 Outlook: Shares of the Priceline Group are down in early Thursd... 
Dubai banks closes accounts of Nigerians in the UAE: Saw that Dubai was trending in Nigeria and checked to see... 
Jide Kanni Is STILL Job Hunting? Watch Season 2 of Diary of the Frustrated Interview: In 2012, BellaNaija shar... 
Mario Gotze needs to grow up to succeed at Bayern - Beckenbauer: Bayern Munich honorary president Franz Becken... 
REMINISCE: Baba Hafusa Tops Itunes Chart For 7 Straight Days: Riding on the success of two major endorsements ... 
"I'm lost in the middle of my birthday. I want my friends, their touch, with the earth's last love. I will tak... 
SimCity Creator Will Wright Launches 'Thred' App To Tell Stories Through Images: When you’ve created mega game... 
German Spies Curb Internet Snooping For U.S. After Row: Germany has halted its Internet surveillance for the U... 
Triple MG artist Tekno releases new promo photos: Made Men Music Group (Triple MG) singer, songwriter and inst... 
Mother of executed Australian drug trafficker writes emotional letter to Indonesia President: The mother of My... 
Japanese Hotel Offers Special “Crying Rooms” To Women Looking To Relieve Stress: In an attempt to help women d... 
Earn An Extra N100,000 or More Monthly in Nigeria: If you’ve ever wondered what it feels like to be your own b... 
Events This Weekend: It’s time for Events This Weekend. Browse through and see which events are happening arou... 
Cynthia Morgan – Come And Do (Official Video): Northside Inc premieres the video to Cynthia Morgan’s latest si... 
"People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace." - Zig Ziglar: "People who ... 
Discounter Momentum Starting To Slow In The UK, Suggests Kantar Worldpanel: News discounter sales growth in th... 
Photos from Osas Ighodaro's bridal shower: Some photos from the bridal shower of Osas Ighodaro  in New York on... 
Who Is Alibaba's New CEO?: Alibaba Group, China's largest e-commerce business, today announced that Daniel Zha... 
What happened to Kim K's figure? (Photo): She forgot to wear her waist trainer? She posted the pic on instagra... 
Spain's LFP plans legal action to block federation's proposed La Liga strike: The Spanish football league (LFP... 
HIV Positive Female Gang Kidnaps And Forces Man To Have s*x At Gunpoint: Three women in South Africa allegedly... 
Fayose replies Muazu on twitter: Earlier today, Adamu Muazu called out Governor Fayose on twitter over his rec... 
How Fake News Articles And Lies About Billionaires Were Used To Market An Iffy Dietary Supplement: You’d be fo... 
Alibaba's Net Profit Drops 49% In 1st Qtr; New CEO Named: China e-commerce leader Alibaba Group said, whose on... 
Uber: We’re Slashing Prices by 20% - Get N5,000 off your first ride!: What Uber has just announced changes eve... 
Assoc. of former state assembly speakers demand retirement benefits: Former speakers of states’ Houses of Asse... 
Dani Alves steals the show with outrageous Champions League outfit: With Bayern Munich in town for a razzle-da... 
"As I see it, the most effective way to do this is frankly to accept these historical tales for what they are ... 
"All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much." - George Harrison: "All the world is birt... 
Supreme Court bars NASS from amending the constitition: Nigeria's Apex court, the Supreme court, has barred th... 
Photos: Woman rescued as she attempts suicide in Kenya: An unidentified Kenyan woman was rescued from River Ka... 
Violence in Burundi leaves one dead as country protests president's 3rd term bid: Burundi's president Pierre N... 
Yaya Toure is 90% certain to leave Manchester City this summer - agent: Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure ... 
Mercy Aigbe-Gentry, Skales, Uti Nwachukwu &amp; Other Notable Faces at the Launch of Nexus Home Appliances First B... 
shoro niyen &gt;&gt;&gt;"@IamDorobuCci: You don test olosho before? #LAYE_byKissDaniel"
One day by Icepince"@TheFunHotSpot: your favourite song right now ? #PadeByYdee"
ChatCall "@ObegeLee: Chatting or Calling? #2015Rc3"
gimme orange"@mp_maniac: Android or Apple? #LAYE_byKissDaniel"
money is important.... not impotyant"@churesma: Is money impotyant? #LAYE_byKissDaniel"
╰<GLOWING STAR>➊<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯FOLLOW ALL WHO RT
╰<GLOWING STAR>➋<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯FOLLOWBACK
╰<GLOWING STAR>➌<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯GAIN WITH #MGWV
╰<GLOWING STAR>➍<GLOWING STAR>╮
╭━<GLOWING STAR>━╯FOLLOW ☞ @RealLondon…
Jimi Agbaje will never be governor - Oba of Lagos maintains: Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu, says Jimi Agbaje who... 
Zainab"@ObegeLee: Footballers name starting with Z? #2015Rc3"

★ＩＦ

★ＹＯＵ

★ＦＯＬＬＯＷＢＡＣＫ

★#F4F

★#MGWV

★#FollowTrick

★#TeamFollowBack

★#AnotherFollowTrain

★#FOLLOW ☜~(…
blowJOB "@TheOnlyIBK: What job is more suitable for a married woman? #ChocoBoiRemix"
truth... 
awkward... 
Win big in the Homevida 2015 call for scripts competition!: Stand a chance to win a N100, 000 and have your wi... 
Presidency breaks silence on Patience Jonathan’s whereabouts, says First Lady in Congo: The Presidency on Thur... 
13"@BIOLA_O: How many disciples did Jesus have? #ChocoBoiRemix"
Rescue of 1000 women, children by Military not stage-managed – Ndume: Sen. Ali Ndume (APC-Borno South) has con... 
Aliko Dangote"@ObegeLee: Footballers name starting with A? #2015Rc3"
A Farewell Tribute To Alfred Taubman, By Les Wexner: Friend, tenant and fellow billionaire Les Wexner, founder... 
act of apostles you mean?"@chinskeptron1: when last did you get caught in the act ?

#2015RC3 ."
Lionel Messi shone again but Dani Alves reminded Barcelona of his worth: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique says the... 
Ivory Coast Bans Skin-Whitening Creams: Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams due to fears that they ca... 
200level, Oxford University"@Mista_Butosh: Wah class r u?"DecentRidwan: past tense of heat"@wharrley: what is Hate ?

#2015RC3 ."""
"It's so hard to know what to do when one wishes earnestly to do right." - George Bernard Shaw: "It's so hard ... 
╰<ANGER SYMBOL>➊<ANGER SYMBOL>╮
╭━༄━╯FOLLOW ALL WHO RT
╰<ANGER SYMBOL>➋<ANGER SYMBOL>╮
╭━༄━╯FOLLOWBACK
╰<ANGER SYMBOL>➌<ANGER SYMBOL>╮
╭━༄━╯GAIN WITH #MGWV
╰<ANGER SYMBOL>➍<ANGER SYMBOL>╮
╭━༄━╯FOLLOW ☞ @Angiikiiboo
Photos: When Hollywood celebs dress more scandalous than porn stars: *Sigh*. A  comparison between porn stars ... 
past tense of heat"@wharrley: what is Hate ?

#2015RC3 ."
Ozzy Bosco"@TheOnlyIBK: CDQ or Chinko Ekun? #ChocoBoiRemix"
the lies you're sharing.. diaris God ooo "@VhickThorKING: When u open some Avi's their body odour go just ozzzz pass your nose""
The Chibok girls"@KvngHALOGEN: what do you think is missing in Nigeria ?

#2015RC3 ."
Pics: Meet the 4 Nigerians contesting for a seat in UK's Parliament: Four Nigerians will be contesting for a s... 
when I top forbes' list "@wharrley: At what age will you get married ?

#2015RC3 ."
cc @kaptainlekins"@Mz_Stupendous: Mention that Man UNited Fan #ChocoBoiRemix"
So Now Greece Is Blaming The IMF And The European Commission For The Debt Problems: This is a quite lovely var... 

<BLACK UNIVERSAL RECYCLING SYMBOL>️ＦＯＬＬＯＷＢＡＣＫ<BLACK UNIVERSAL RECYCLING SYMBOL>️

#F4F
#MGWV
#FollowTrick
#FollowPyramid
#TeamFollowBack
#AnotherFollowTrain

#ＦＯＬ…
Gen. Buhari Tells Security Aides To Lead By Example As They Obey Traffic Laws In Abuja: Gen. Muhammadu Buhari,... 

R Madrid - £2.13bn

Barcelona - £2.07bn

Man Utd - £2.03bn

B Munich - £1.54bn
…
Sabina dry gin"@iam_proxkid: Lucozade Boost or Ribena? #ChocoBoiRemix"
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu comes for Gov. Fayose on twitter: Few days after Ekiti state Governor, Ayo Fayose ac... 
Lionel Messi 'brutal' as Barcelona batter Bayern - media: Moments of brilliance from Lionel Messi and Neymar d... 
Frankie &amp; Co., IamIsigo, Ejiro Amos Tafiri &amp; More Fashion Brands Shine in Grey Velvet’s Mid-Season Campaign: F... 
10 Tips To Be A Great Lover She Would Never Resist: One of the easiest ways to be a great boyfriend is to unde... 
Dencia replies Kola Boof: Dencia replies Kola Boof after she told singer Azealia Banks not to buy her Whitenic... 
Opportunities and Placements Abound but do you’ve what it takes?: That’s the million dollar question on the li... 
Presidency breaks silence on Patience Jonathan's whereabout, says she is currently in Congo: In a bid to dowse... 
Science – Marriage To A Thin Wife Is Happier: Ever noticed how in sitcoms the husband is always bigger than th... 
Gareth Bale's future remains with Real Madrid, says agent: Gareth Bale is determined to stay at Real Madrid an... 
Tina Knowles-Lawson Writes Heartfelt Open Letter to Beyoncé, Solange, and Kelly Rowland for Mother’s Day: Moth... 
"My specialty is being right when other people are wrong" - George Bernard Shaw: "My specialty is being right ... 
Meek Mill put on blast by stripper, says he cheated on Nicki Minaj with her: See the comment from @Bossy-asshh... 
Kenyan Entrepreneur, Narendra Raval Covers Forbes Africa May 2015 Issue: For the May issue of Forbes Africa, t... 
Medhi Benatia: Bayern Munich can still eliminate Barcelona with 4-0 win: Bayern Munich defender Medhi Benatia ... 
Another Missing Person: Family and friends of 27 year old Valentine Olalekan  Jegede (pictured above) say he l... 
Bovi Speaks On Marriage And Career, Says “If Your Marriage Is Hindering Your Career Development, End It”: Dome... 
University of Ibadan students protest over death of fellow student: Students of the University of Ibadan (last... 
4 Questions For Tableau Software In Its First-Quarter Report: Tableau Software is in the Big Data business, ma... 
The Volatile Bond Markets Are Trying To Tell Us Something But What?: There's three entirely separate things th... 
Your resolve grows stronger throughout the day, raising your c... More for Virgo 
Kim K debunks the rumour that she banned selfies at her book event: Her reaction to the news that she weirdly ... 
Police: Okada Riders Protested in Lekki Because Residents No Longer Want them Around: On Wednesday, BN brought... 
Serial winner Mourinho puts Rodgers to shame with tactics and trophies: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer w... 
Job Vacancies at Alpha Femme You: Alpha Femme Youis the mother company from which several online stores have b... 
Photos: Police rescues 52 year old woman kidnapped in Lagos:  The Lagos state police command has rescued a 52 ... 
"Democracy means government by discussion, but it is only effective if you can stop people talking." - Clement... 
"We talk about heaven being so far away. It is within speaking distance to those who belong there. Heaven is a... 
IMF Pegs India To Be One Of World's Fastest Growing Economies: As India should be one of the world's fastest g... 
Between Coming To America actress &amp; that dress Beyonce wore to Met Gala: If you've seen the classic movie 'Com... 
Gen Buhari orders security personnel attached to him to always obey traffic order: President elect, Gen. Buhar... 
Man stabbed to death by Generator repairer in Lagos: The Chief Security Officer of the God’s Own Estate in  Ij... 
Coventry University UK and Samsung Electronics West Africa Ltd Presents Job Recruitment Forum: Are you a gradu... 
RIP…Obi Asika’s Mom Passes Away: CEO of Storm Music, Obi Asika‘s mother passed away on Sunday. He recently too... 
The Cable tenders apology to Wole Soyinka over Igbo report: Online news portal The Cable has released a statem... 
Wine Lover's Guide to Expo Milano 2015: Here's a wine lover's guide to Expo Milano 2015, the first-ever Univer... 
New Music: Omar | Ada: Chukwuma Ikechukwu also know as “Omar” is back with what i like to call the HighLife Re... 
Presidency Urges APC to Stop Trying to Undermine GEJ’s Administration: The presidency on Wednesday warned APC ... 
She used to say 'I can't live without you' She must be dead by now...
Stop the press! J. Lo's curvaceuos body is banging: 45 year old Jennifer Lopez poured her hourglass curves int... 
FG not responsible for failure of states to pay salaries: The Federal Ministry of Finance said the Federal Gov... 
New Music: Modenine | Victory (Prod. By Kid Konnect): Lyrical Modenine is back on day 7 of #30DaysofModenine, ... 
Are Modi's Twitter Follower Numbers "Boosted"?: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meteoric rise in Twitter... 
Nick Rimando penalty save earns Real Salt Lake draw with LA Galaxy: SANDY, Utah -- Nick Rimando saved a penalt... 
Buhari Blames Slow Growth Of Oil&amp;Gas Sector On Politicians: President-elect Muhammadu Buhari has blamed politi... 
"I highly recommend worrying. It is much more effective than dieting." - William Powell: "I highly recommend w... 
Organic &amp; Natural Skincare? Yes Please…: Ever walked into your regular beauty supply/ cosmetics store and real... 
Mom held hostage with 3 kids sneaks plea for help into online Pizza Order: A customer ordered a classic pie pi... 
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." - Toni Cade Bambara: "The most effective way to do it, is to d... 
Highlights: Real Salt Lake 0-0 LA Galaxy: After a lengthy rain delay, Real Salt Lake took control of the game,... 
Pastor Nabbed With 1.978kgOf Heroin At Enugu Airport: A Lagos pastor has been arrested by operatives of the Na... 
Water Oceans Likely To Be Ubiquitous, Say Astronomers: Water oceans on other earthlike planets are likely to b... 
The Wit And Wisdom Of Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger: Last weekend, I was in Omaha to participate in my ann... 
"The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more... 
Oh wow. Woman guesses Prince Williams and Kate Middleton's daughter's name 2 years before she's born: When the... 
"All men have equal rights to liberty, to their property, and to the protection of the laws" - Voltaire: "All ... 
Khloe Kardashian: Blonde Ambition (Photos): Khloe Kardashian spent over five hours in the Meche beauty parlor ... 
Toke Makinwa’s Vlog: Types of Women Out Here – Miss Independent &amp; The High Maintenance (Bad) Girls: A few week... 
Macau Casino Revenue Tumbles Again; Earnings, And Now Visitors, Follow Suit: Falling casino revenue in Macau t... 
Tesla's Elon Musk 'Hopes' Apple Gets Into Car Business: Tesla CEO Elon Musk is fine with Apple getting into th... 
We won't fail Nigerians says Buhari: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari yesterday, reassured Nigerians that the... 
Henry runs out of superlatives after Leo Messi's Barca-Bayern masterclass: Ex-Barcelona striker Thierry Henry ... 
"I think of my body as a side effect of my mind." - Carrie Fisher: "I think of my body as a side effect of my ... 
Zac Effron and his naked butt: Remember actor Zac Effron showing off his butt in a nude underwear on a movie s... 
"In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to collaborate and improvise most e... 
Sailing And Sinking The RMS Lusitania: A Century Of Lying America Into War: The British passenger liner the Lu... 
Does Falcao have one more shot at Man United redemption?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno breaks down Ashley Young'... 
17 year old Kylie Jenner Admits to Getting Lip Injections in KUWTK Teasers | WATCH!: Kylie Jenner is finally s... 
SAPVoice: SAP's Bernd Leukert Explains Digital Transformation Road Map: Disrupt Now or Be Disrupted Later: Ber... 
Awww, Precious moments of Queen Elizabeth tending to her Great grand child-Princess Charlotte (photos): Queen ... 
Manchester United plot Hummels, Gundogan move, Pogba says no to PSG: Jurgen Klopp's departure from Dortmund ma... 
Cynthia Morgan dances from the Garage to a Junkyard – Watch her NEW Video ‘Come and Do’: Cynthia Morgan is bac... 
Deflategate Report Delivers Pointed Indictment of Tom Brady: It’s more probable than not that Tom Brady is in ... 
Wells Report Points Finger At Patriots, Brady: What Comes Next?: The investigation into whether the footballs ... 
Kim Kardashian's BFF slams Amber Rose and Blac Chyna as 'Ghetto, street bullies': Kim Kardashian's BFF Jonatha... 
The Crowdfunding Festival That's Creating A Startup City: The third-annual crowdfunding festival One Spark is ... 
"Cause and effect, means and ends, seed and fruit cannot be severed; for the effect already blooms in the caus... 
How They Scored: Messi's masterclass: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Dan Thomas break down how Lionel Messi wa... 
Precision Medicine Approaches Peak Hype: No, Personalized Medicine Isn't Going To Save $600 Billion Over 50 Ye... 
The Top Cities For Employee Engagement: Nashville, Tennessee, tops this list of the cities with the highest le... 
The sports world reacts to Messi's brilliance:  
Distributed Energy Wins Major Political Champion, A King: U.S. Senator Angus King, an independent from Maine, ... 
Multilevel Marketing Billionaire: Usana Stock Surge Makes Founder Myron Wentz A Billionaire: Myron Wentz found... 
Samuel Eddies aka SamX releases two Songs for Supporters: After attempting to break the internet (lol) as the ... 
"Alcohol is perfectly consistent in its effects upon man. Drunkenness is merely an exaggeration. A foolish man... 
Terrence Howard claims his ex-wife is threatening to leak pics of his eggplant: Empire star Terrence  Howard, ... 
Barcelona 3-0 Bayern: Messi Brace Sets Barca on the Road to Wembley: Lionel Messi’s moment of brilliance prope... 
Woman killed by her houseboy at her home in Enugu: A 59 year old grandmother and teacher from Ogwashi-Uku,  De... 
How Obamacare Changed Health Insurance -- Maybe: There's no debate that Obamacare has expanded health coverage... 
Pep Guardiola - Lionel Messi not only Barcelona player behind Bayern defeat: Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardio... 
Doktor Mofin is back! “Does your Boyfriend/Girlfriend need to know the details about ALL your past sexual esca... 
Woman files lawsuit against all homosexuals on earth on God's behalf: This is just too ridiculous, lol. Identi... 
Here's The First 1080p PS4 Footage Of 'The Witcher 3': VideoRemember: it's not riding a horse unless you're ri... 
Rich &amp; Famous: Tush Magazine Celebrates Its Tenth Issue Featuring Praiz On Its Double Cover: Nigeria’s urban a... 
7 Questions You Should Ask Before Accepting Stock Options: There are seven important questions you should ask ... 
With Jordan Spieth, Tiger Woods Expected In Field, 2015 U.S. Open Tickets Drawing High Demand: Golf fans are e... 
Photos of the alleged thief who steals car parts with a Hummer SUV: Yesterday, you read the story of a man acc... 
Pic of woman rescued from Sambisa Forest with her new-born baby: Photo shows a young lady who gave birth a day... 
Messi magic lifts Barca beyond Bayern: As the game wore on, it looked like Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich wou... 
3 Ways To Handle A Terrible Networker Who Doesn't Get How It Works: Everyone has awful networking stories. So,... 
It's All Good News From The World's Travel &amp; Tourism Industry For The Next 20 Years: From time to time, I like... 
I've run out of adjectives to describe the word #Messi Got any suggestions??
The Forbes Five: Diddy tops Hip-Hop's Wealthiest Artists of 2015: Yesterday Forbes released it's list of the T... 
Messi and Neymar saved the Night. @fcbarcelona #Messi @messistats 
Pregnant and Glowing Omawumi Covers TW Magazine May Edition: A glowing Omawumi covered the latest issue of tw ... 
"To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And E... 
Keurig Offers Limp Outlook Amid Struggle To Diversify: Shares of Keurig Green Mountain took a beating on Wedne... 
Arsenal need a new captain - here's some potential options: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is delighted... 
Gunmen Kidnap Traditional Ruler In Bayelsa: Gunmen have kidnapped a paramount ruler in the ancient Nembe Kingd... 
Marissa Mayer and MaVeNS Are Just Old Wine In New Bottles: Is Marissa Mayer's Yahoo all that different than Ca... 
PDP may be heading for its final burial - David Mark: Senate President David Mark says PDP may be heading for ... 
haters be like"@ms_Arole: For me its Ronaldo over Messií ½í²í ½í²í ½í²""
Uti Nwachukwu apologizes to Jim Iyke over comments he made about him on Jara: Uti Nwachukwu took to his instag... 
Truth of the day" @Car_Ur_Day: Watching Messi play is a privilege.  You and I are lucky to be part of this generation."
Best Emerging Market Countries To Invest In Now: Credit Suisse: Credit Suisse upgraded its outlook on emerging... 
Haters be complaining about Ribery and Ruben.... awon weyrey
Messi saved the Night...
*takes sit*"@Miss_Earning: Yaaaayi twitfight""
"“A warrior acts as if he knows what he is doing, when in effect he knows nothing.”" - Carlos Castaneda: "“A w... 
Kylie Jenner finally admits using lip injections: After denying it for over a year and claiming her lips were ... 
Late show wins it for Barca: Two goals from Lionel Messi and a third from Neymar gave Barcelona a semifinal fi... 
Troops Destroy 7 Boko Haram Camps, Rescue Additional 25 Women And Children: Seven additional terrorists camps ... 
10 Luxury Cars With The Most Non-Luxury Conquest Buyers:  
Best Buys in Active Funds: Do you pay for active fund management? Are you getting your money’s worth? I have a... 
Spectranet rebrands, now allows data rollover on its network: Spectranet, Lagos-based internet service provide... 
Beware of influx of PDP defectors, Iwuanyanwu cautions APC: Chairman of the Peoples Democratic  Party Elders C... 
Paulo Dybala future to be defined in 10-15 days, says Palermo president: The future of coveted forward Paulo D... 
D’banj has a new Video! Watch ‘Extraordinary’ #LookBeyondHerBody: D’banj debuted two new tracks, ‘Sextraordina... 
Cute photos: Kelly Rowland &amp; her son Titan star in new commercial: Kelly Rowland and her 6 months old son, Tit... 
Pappy Kojo – Ay3 Late ft Sarkodie (Official Video): Pappy Kojo finally bring to us the official Visuals to his... 
Confirmed: AMD To Launch New HBM-Equipped Desktop Graphics Cards By End Of June 2015: AMD has finally confirme... 
Omawumi and her baby bump stun on the cover of TW magazine: The singer, who is expecting her second child with... 
Buhari Warns Aides Against Breaking Traffic Rules: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari has shown that he intends... 
Photos: Bradley Cooper &amp; Cristiano Ronaldo's ex Irina Shayk spotted kissing: Actor Bradley Cooper, 40, and sup... 
Credit Repair Companies: How To Avoid Being Scammed: There is a constant barrage of advertisements for credit ... 
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are." - Ber... 
Print everything from your phone or PC - to your location - for less from Print Magic: Print Magic, a multi-se... 
Busted! Bradley Cooper caught in PDA moment with super model Irina -Cristiano Ronaldo's ex: These 2 actor Brad... 
La Liga to be suspended by Spanish FA over government interference: The&amp;nbsp;Spanish Football Federation (RFEF... 
“I hope I’m having a boy – After this I’m locking up!” Omawumi Talks about her Pregnancy, Being a Mom &amp; New Wi... 
Why Old People Get Such Bad Medical Care: In a recent essay in The Washington Post, geriatrician and author Je... 
World's Biggest Oil Companies - 2015:  
BellaNaija Weddings presents #AsoEbiBella – Vol. 88: You’re all our #WCWs today, looking fab as always! For th... 
Washington Toughens Warning For Jalisco, Home To Thousands Of Americans, As Mexico Fights Cartel: The rapidly ... 
FORBES Twitter Chat: Alice G. Walton On How To Live Healthier: Summer is just around the corner, and with the ... 
VIDEO: D’Banj – Extraordinary: On April 18, 2015, D’Banj joined the World Bank, the Global Poverty Project and... 
New Music: Modenine | Connects: The #30DaysOfModenine continues and lyrical god, MODENINE, feeds us with anoth... 
Real Madrid top list of most valuable clubs for third straight year - Forbes: Real Madrid have retained their ... 
Shooting Stars Beat Kano Pillars to Move Off the Drop: Shooting Stars edged Kano Pillars 1-0 in a rescheduled ... 
Three Good Reasons CEOs Should Give Everyone Else The Credit: Would you like to know the secret to improving t... 
New Video: Jahbless – 69 Missed Calls Ft. Olamide, Lil Kesh, Reminisce, CDQ &amp; Chinko Ekun (B-T-S): Watch the B... 
Yemi Alade Honors Her Late Dad With Her New Hairstyle [PHOTOS]: Petite singer, Yemi Alade has opened up on how... 
Photos: Floyd Mayweather goes to the club with his two girlfriends: Floyd Mayweather, who made about $180milli... 
Oh my! Check out this eggplant photos a LIB reader sent in!: A LIB reader just shared his eggplant with me. Ch... 
Will Packwood says he'll train with New England Revolution following release: Will Packwood is venturing into ... 
Photos: AY shows off inside his beautiful office decorated by his wife: Wow! That looks magnificent. The comed... 
BN Bargains: Get Casual Dresses for as Low as N3300 at Fasho &amp; 20% Discount off an Exclusive Cocktail Training... 
Review: Reese Witherspoon, Sofia Vergara's 'Hot Pursuit Runs On Fumes: Thumbnail: Reese Witherspoon and Sofia ... 
Photos: Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel land in London for movie premiere: Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel landed ... 
Photos: Actors Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel land in London for movie premiere: Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel ... 
Did Blac Chyna Just Shade Kylie Jenner Again?: It’s hard to fight a teenager who is dating your ex but Blac Ch... 
Wow! When Romanian star was told her mother was about to die she replied coldly: "Call me when she's dead": Ac... 
WATCH ThreeSum’s Heated Chat about ‘The Nigerian Men we are Raising’ Article: It’s episode 5 of ThreeSum! The ... 
Fun All Day, Every Sunday! Photos from Grill At The Pent’s Exciting “High Definition” Edition: You know what y... 
MUSIC : CDQ – Salaro (Prod. Masterkraft): “General Records‘ own CDQ AKA ‘Mr. Woss’ AKA ‘Mr. Wobi’ has fulfille... 
Microsoft's DirectX 12 Enables Intel, AMD, Nvidia GPUs To Work Together: A feature within Microsoft's DirectX ... 
New music: Chivibes - Your Smile: The highly anticipated official debut single from S.O.S-Entertainment Front ... 
Pics: Ministers applaud GEJ as he markes 5th year as Substantive President: Cabinet members this afternoon app... 
D’Banj – Extraordinary (Vira Video): On April 18, 2015, D’Banj joined the World Bank, the Global Poverty Proje... 
Video: Road To MOTY; Olamide, Davido, Phyno, Dotun, Reekado Banks Applaud Skales: In the past one year, it has... 
Reasons You Should Take An Orange A Day For A Good Health: Text resize:AAA Sweet and juicy to taste, oranges h... 
Lamar Odom had an affair with Kris Jenner?: This family can't be that crazy na. First they said Kendall had an... 
Three Quick Takes On FAA Partnership With CNN, PrecisionHawk And BNSF Railway For Drone Use: Today the FAA ann... 
Box CEO Aaron Levie says UK tech sector needs time to build: The Silicon Valley entrepreneur claims the UK and... 
American jailed for a few minutes in Lagos court waiting cell for using phone: An American woman, Megan Chapma... 
Pics: Freeze Coolfm made brand ambassador for luxury car company: Daddy Freeze has been chosen as brand ambass... 
IDL builds block of classrooms for its host community: As part of the Corporate Social Responsibility efforts ... 
Now...if we zoom into Rihanna's see-through top, there's a hickey :-): On Monday night, Rihanna stepped out br... 
US Offers $20m In Rewards For Information On ‘Four IS leaders’: The US government is offering rewards totallin... 
Virgin Atlantic Aims to Elevate the Premium Experience on New 787 Dreamliner Fleet: With its cheeky marketing,... 
2face Idibia, Fred Amata, Keppy Ekpeyong Bassey, Sani Danja &amp; More at the Newman Street Season 2 Launch in Lag... 
Osas Ighodaro stuns in white Toju Foyeh dress for her bridal shower: The TV star and former beauty queen whose... 
What Makes For A Successful Digital Marketer?: In a previous article I wrote on digital marketers, I said that... 
FG Downgrades Asaba Airport Over Safety Concerns: The Federal Government has downgraded the Asaba Airport over... 
Senate Passes “Violence Against Persons” Bill | Prohibits Female Circumcision &amp; More: The Senate has passed vi... 
Brands Hear Women Entrepreneurs Roar: The revolution is coming! Women business owners own  have clout and are ... 
For The Studious And The Gamer: HP's New Desktop PCs: Hewlett-Packard has beefed up its back-to-school compute... 
Rihanna reportedly banned Rita Ora from her Met Gala after-party: Rihanna doesn't like Rita Ora and on Monday ... 
Riots Reported On Lekki-Ikoyi Bridge; Okada Men Said To Be Armed With Weapons: News reaching us right now is t... 
More women and children freed from Sambisa Forest: 25 men and women have reportedly been rescued Sambisa fores... 
New contract for Jose Mourinho would spell long-term success for Chelsea: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer... 
Dr SID – Chop Ogbono (Remix) (Feat. Olamide): Mavin Records’ unleashes a new video for the remix of his dope t... 
2015 Global 2000: Methodology: How We Crunch The  Numbers We compile our Global 2000 list using data from Fact... 
The 25 Largest U.S. Companies 2015:  
Funmi Iyanda appointed one of UN women gender equality champion: Media personality Funmi Iyanda has been appoi... 
Smirnoff Guarana brings a night of epic #doubleside experiences to Lagos: 1st of May 2015 was a day that truly... 
Robert Mugabe comes for Nigeria and Kenya: The Zimbabwean president is quoted as saying "Don't be like Kenya a... 
Thomas Vermaelen ready for Barcelona debut after injury: Barcelona defender Thomas Vermaelen could finally mak... 
Osas Ighodaro’s Hot White Bridal Shower Look: The dates are set for Nollywood superstars Osas Ighodaro &amp; Gbenr... 
"There is no God, no universe, no human race, no earthly life, no heaven, no hell. It is all a dream, a grotes... 
An email from a Redeemer's University student..:-): He insisted I share this on LIB..lol. Read below..."Hello ... 
Riot reported in Lekki: There is a riot currently going on in Lekki Phase I in Lagos . Motorcycle riders popul... 
Periscope and Meerkat Up the Ante on User-Generated Content And Why That's A Good Thing: You can’t get too far... 
Peter Okoye publicly supports Emmanuel Adebayor: Peter  Okoye has publicly shown support to his friend, footba... 
WORLD BANK ENDORSES D’BANJ’S EXTRAORDINARY FOR GENDER EQUALITY #HE4SHE: Not so long ago the notion seemed impo... 
Did Blac Chyna just shade Kylie Jenner again?: It's hard to fight a teenager who is dating your ex but Blac Ch... 
Gareth Bale's agent hits back at Roy Keane over criticism after Madrid loss: Gareth Bale's agent has hit back ... 
Russia's Death Rate Is Surging And It's Not Clear Why: Rosstat released the demographic figures for the Januar... 
The Concept Group Unveils New Career Website for Job Seekers:  The Concept Group Nigeria launches its first ev... 
Four Senior Officers To Be Court-Martialed By The Nigerian Army For Losing Baga In Borno State To Boko Haram: ... 
Photos: Trailer falls on SUV, Bus, Keke Napep in Lagos: A trailer carrying a container fell on a bus,  an X-Te... 
Senate passes bill criminalizing female private part mutilation, other harmful traditional practices: The Sena... 
Kurt Cobain by Jesse Frohman:  
Bollywood star Salman Khan sentenced to five years in jail for 2012 hit-and-run: Popular Bollywood star Salman... 
HP EliteBook Folio 1020 Specs &amp; Price:  
Offensive or Simply Experimental! Watch the Video of White Guys Trying Out Nigerian Food: You gotta love the I... 
Best Golf Gifts: Father's Day Guide 2015: Father’s Day is coming fast and if dad is a golfer you are in luck. ... 
Peter Okoye Gives His Total Support To Emmanuel Adebayor For Sharing His Family Story On Social Media: I poste... 
[OPINION] Governor Ayodele Fayose: The Fool’s Self-Destruction By Bayo Oluwasanmi: In a sane world, by now Gov... 
Floyd Mayweather pictured for the 1st time since fight with Pacquiao: Here's the first photo of Floyd Mayweath... 
Paris St-Germain and Lyon in thrilling Ligue 1 title battle as season climaxes: Paris St-Germain have edged cl... 
Peter Okoye reaches Out to Emmanuel Adebayo over Family Drama, Says ‘You owe no one. Your family should be pro... 
Distance Traveled: A New Metric for Colleges and Universities: Prior to University Ventures, I created Wellspr... 
Yay! Senate passes bill to criminalize female genital mutilation: The Nigerian Senate on Tuesday, passed Viole... 
[OPINION] Our Judicial System Is Absurd, The Morbidity Is Becoming Unbearable By Ogundana Michael Rotimi:   Af... 
RGU welcoming students who have interest in studying engineering courses for September Intake 2015: The follow... 
New Music: CDQ | Salaro (Prod. By Masterkraft):  General Records own CDQ AKA ‘Mr. Woss’ AKA ‘Mr. Wobi’ has ful... 
Throwback pic of Buhari when he was decorated as a Major General: Here's a throwback photo of president-elect,... 
Manny Pacquaio faces fines, suspension for not reporting shoulder injury: Above is a photo of Manny Pacquaio j... 
Lionel Messi backs La Liga strike action against TV revenue deal: Barcelona star Lionel Messi has offered his ... 
8 more Nigerians to face execution in Indonesia - Diaspora group: 8 more Nigerians are reportedly waiting to b... 
Wole Soyinka Says He Never Made Derogatory Remarks about Igbo People: Wole Soyinka has refuted reports circula... 
Nevermind P/E: 5 Great ROE Stocks: Risk management should be top of mind, but forget beta. 
Global 2000: Hall Of Fame CEOs:  
Funmi Iyanda appointed one of UN women gender equality champion: Media personality Funmi Iyanda has been appoi... 
Photo: 19 year old internet scammer arraigned by EFCC: Read the EFCC press statement below...A 19-year-old sus... 
VIDEO: Shatta Wale | Get That From: Ghanaian sensational and ever popular act, Shatta Wale serves us with the ... 
"No Capital? No Worries!": How long will you sit at home, waiting for handouts from friends and family? Why sh... 
Biko, who is finer? Tina Knowles vs Kris Jenner: People around me are just arguing. Some think Kris is more be... 
Photos: Students find freshly dug grave in their classroom in Edo: There was chaos at Iguodala Primary School ... 
History Suggests Saudi Skyscraper Could Signal Tough Times Ahead: The connection between skyscrapers and econo... 
FAB x 2! Zina Anumudu &amp; Dodos Uvieghara are Stylish Bloggers in MAJU’s “Rinnovo” Collection Edit: We just love... 
Danger! 4 Hidden Truths No One Will Tell You About Waist Trainers: Having a flat sexy tummy to make you feel g... 
What Jolly Japes With US GDP Figures: It's a standard observation that if you torture the data for long enough... 
I Have Cogent Evidence Mu’azu Sold PDP to APC – Governor Fayose: In a statement governor Ayo Fayose of Ekiti s... 
Soyinka denies blasting the Igbos, says whoever believes he did is a moron: Professor Wole Soyinka has release... 
Four men who beat Afghan woman to death sentenced to death: Remember the Afghan woman, Farkhunda, who was beat... 
Real Madrid escape beating at Juventus with hope of progress - media: Carlos Tevez's second half penalty prove... 
Adorable! Kelly Rowland and Son Titan are Super Cute in New TVC for Dreft: We can’t get enough of music star K... 
Photos from the Thrilling Wedding of Oyinade and Oloruntoba Ola: The wedding between Oyinade Ademola and Oloru... 
"To see a world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower Hold infinity in the palms of your hand and ete... 
FDA Regulation of Diagnostic Tests: One Step Forward, Two Steps Back: FDA has announced that it will begin to ... 
Simple Things Ladies Should Do For Themselves Without Expecting From Men: A woman wears several hats — of a mo... 
Tee Mac returns N5.6billion PMAN property in his possession: Former PMAN president, Dr. Tee Mac Omatshola Isel... 
MUSIC : Hdesign – Agbara Ft. Small Doctor &amp; Terry G: Hdesign alongside Terry G and small doctor brings a new t... 
Buhari Lauds Journalist Tunde Thompson Whom He Jailed 31 Years Ago: President-elect Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesda... 
Wizkid Shares FaceTime Screenshot With Chris Brown: Wizkid chatted with Chris Breezy through FaceTime to wish ... 
"The love of heaven makes one heavenly." - William Shakespeare: "The love of heaven makes one heavenly." - Wil... 
What do you guys think of this?: Please share your thoughts... 

Nigerian men named 8th Sexiest Men in the World: Nigerian men have been named the 8th Sexiest Men in the World... 
Photos: UNILAG students protest this monring, block school gate: The students of University of Lagos are prote... 
Gareth Bale gave Madrid 'absolutely nothing' at Juventus - Roy Keane: Gareth Bale's anonymous performance mean... 
Pres. Jonathan Approves Appointment of New Executive Secretary for Petroleum Equalization Fund: President Good... 
You Can’t Dictate What I Will Wear To Me – Ex-Super Falcons Star: Chichi Igbo is in the news again and this ti... 
Even if you are famously known for your efficiency on the job,... More for Virgo 
Royal Baby: Queen Of England Meets Her Great-granddaughter: The Queen has met her new great-granddaughter. The... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayo Clears The Air On The Several Allegations Laid On Him By His Family Members: the 3... 
What Will Hortonworks Q1 Earnings Tell Us?: Hortonworks, the first of the Hadoop vendors to go public, is repo... 
40 migrants drown in latest Mediterranean accident: 40 migrants, mostly Africans and Syrians, drowned after a ... 
I live in Ikoyi – Tenant Ola, I live in Lekki – Landlord Mike: This is the story of two close friends; both of... 
Emmanuel Adebayor opens up about His Family Drama: ‘I am still alive and they have already shared all my goods... 
Kim Kardashian bans selfies at her book signing: 34-year-old enterpreneur, Kim Kardashian had a book signing a... 
Graphic photos: Baby badly burnt after Boko Haram attack: Here's  a photo of a baby badly burnt after his home... 
Chinese Selfie Touch-Up App Developer Meitu Partners With Foxconn For Asia Expansion: China’s love of taking s... 
Shatta Wale – Get That From (Official Video): Check out the brand new Video from Shatta wale performing his hi... 
Oh wow! Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor comes for his family in new Facebook post: This juicy, y'all need to read... 
There Is Provision For Fuel Subsidy In 2015 Budget – Okonjo-Iweala: The Minister of Finance and Co-ordinating ... 
Buhari meets with a journalist he jailed when he was a military leader: President-elect Gen Buhari met with Mr... 
Finding Myself: Article not written by me but it's quite interesting. Read below...Finding myself at 30, at le... 
Dozens of Migrants Feared Dead as Boat Deflates on Mediterranean Sea: Dozens of migrants are feared dead after... 
Heartbroken Tiger Woods bares his soul about his split with Lindsey Vonn and says he can't sleep: Tiger Woods ... 
"God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believ... 
Modi Doubles Twitter following - has 12.1 million followers: Indian prime minister Narendra Modi’s popularity ... 
Our Economy Is In A Very Bad Shape — Okorocha: Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) governors, Roch... 
Buhari Begs Nigerians For Patience, Says The Expectation Is Too High: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari says h... 
Banky W, Painting, Gifts &amp; Games! Mide’s Gorgeous Garden Bridal Shower: It’s another edition of BN Bridal Show... 
Small Investors Are Bigger Than You Think: The small investor in the U.S. has discretion over the single large... 
Whitenicious drama featuring Azealia Banks and Kola Boof: American rapper, Azealia Banks took to her twitter p... 
Watch ‘It Happened To Me’ – An Awareness Film About HIV/AIDS by Chris Ihidero &amp; UNESCO: Original, entertaining... 
Konami Goes Scorched Earth On Its Own Horror Masterpiece, P.T.: Konami finally went and did it, following thro... 
New Music: Blue – Things I Like: HIP ROC MUSIC premiers BLUE in a wonder tune Tailored to satisfy different au... 
Year Of The Participant -- Brought To You By Apple's ResearchKit: The key limitation to the sort of patient-le... 
New Music: H Design – Agbara Ft. Terry G &amp; Small Doctor: H Design is back with a brand new single, this one fe... 
Chris Brown assault case dropped: A man who said he was punched by singer Chris Brown during an early morning ... 
Xenophobia: Senator Majority leader begs Jonathan to reconsider the suspension of Perm Secretary: Deputy Senat... 
Chibok Girls: Group advocates passage of Violence Against Persons Prohibition Bill: The Choice4Life Advocates,... 
Lagos spends N535m as WAEC registration fees: This is great news, kudos to the Lagos State Government.The Lago... 
FG borrows N473bn to pay salaries, overheads and other expenditure, says Okonjo-Iweala: The Minister of Financ... 
"A happy family is but an earlier heaven." - George Bernard Shaw: "A happy family is but an earlier heaven." -... 
Josef Newgarden Readies For May 24 Indy 500 Race: Josef Newgarden, after knocking on the IndyCar door for four... 
Highlights: Houston 0-1 San Jose: The Houston Dynamo could not capitalise on their chances at BBVA Compass Sta... 
How Digital Leaders Outperform Their Peers: by Cesare Mainardi and Christopher A.H. Vollmer   One of the big g... 
Axis: Morata's excellent movement: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Craig Burley break down Alvaro Morata's goal a... 
"I do not much dislike the matter, but the manner of his speech." - William Shakespeare: "I do not much dislik... 
"Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts" - Vo... 
Emmanuel Adebayor opens up about his complicated personal life: Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor has given ... 
Android Lollipop Market Share Jumps By 80 Percent: The latest figures from Google show the adoption of Android... 
Mazaccio &amp; Drowilal Display Their Pet-Friendly Photos at PPLA's BMW Space: Two years ago Elise Mazac and Rober... 
Ramos and Carvajal miscues hand advantage to Juventus: Our football gurus discuss whether or not Carlo Ancelot... 
Daniel Sturridge Has Hip Surgery in the United States: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has had a surgery on... 
Sound Sultan writes on his friendship with 2face Idibia: These two have been BFFs for years. Sound Sultan shar... 
Win ₦100k from Danagog by posting your Koba dance on instagram: Few Days ago - HKN music's emerging music star... 
How They Scored: Real's vital away goal: ESPN FC's Dan Thomas and Alejandro Moreno delve deeper into Real Madr... 
Microsoft Eyes A Salesforce Bid. They Say.: It is difficult to imagine Satya Nadella  chucking the decade or m... 
SAPVoice: SAP CEO Bill McDermott: "Data-Driven Businesses Must Be Seamless": SAP CEO Bill McDermott threw down... 
New Music: D-O | Tinkoko (Prod. DTunes): Donald Ofik (born 17 April 1991), better known by his stage name D-O ... 
"We have a secret in our culture, and it's not that birth is painful. It's that women are strong." - Laura Sta... 
Barcelona Bender: Guardiola's return: ESPN FC's Alison Bender previews Pep Guardiola's return to Barcelona, wh... 
Juve 2-1 Real: Tevez’s Goal Makes Difference: Juventus take a narrow first-leg lead over Uefa Champions League... 
Today's Market Puts Financial Advisors and Planners On Notice About Client Loss Aversion: Perhaps you’ve heard... 
Meg Otanwa star stuns in new promo photos: The actress who plays the role of Aisha in the TV series, Before 30... 
WATCH: Ronaldo cam against Juventus: Watch Cristiano Ronaldo's finest moments in Real Madrid's first-leg defea... 
Mu’azu sold PDP to APC, I have cogent evidence - Fayose says: Ekiti state Governor Ayo Fayose says he has evid... 
Three Cool Job Search Resources From Payscale, DreamJobbing, and Major League Soccer: Best Jobs lists from Pay... 
Isiah Thomas Returns to New York to Run the WNBA Liberty, but He Never Really Left the Garden: Thomas lost his... 
Photo: An unidentified man drowns at the river in Ubu Osigbo: I will let the LIB reader who sent in the story ... 
Lawsuit filed against Manny Pacquiao for not reporting shoulder injury before Vegas fight: Lol. Some people ar... 
Igbos vote based on their stomach, they suffer from incurable money mindedness- Wole Soyinka: Nobel Laureate W... 
Graduate Trainee at Fidelis Pharmaceuticals Limited: Fidelis Pharmaceuticals Limited, a wholly indigenous Nige... 
Mayweather-Pacquiao Fight: "Fraud Of The Century": The boxing match-up Saturday night was billed as the "Fight... 
Photos: Meet another trekker who trekked to go meet governor of Jigawa: This is becoming embarrassing! Lol. Mu... 
New Music: D.A.N.I.E.L – Stand Up (Change The World): For one reason or the other many do not realize the need... 
Tizeti (
Play of the day: Ronaldo's crucial header: Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo kept his team firmly in the tie wit... 
Herbalife Delivers Earnings Win, Shares Soar: Herbalife, the controversial nutritional supplements seller, del... 
Photos: Nigerian youths meet with Buhari in Abuja: Social media activist Japheth Omojuwa, Future Awards co-fou... 
Charlie Hebdo to be honored in New York under tight security: The French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo, targe... 
Graphic pics: Passengers in a commercial bus badly burnt after fuel stored in the bus explodes: Passengers in ... 
Liverpool should use Europa League as platform for club's youngsters: Former Liverpool chief executive Rick Pa... 
What You Don't Know About Building A Connection Culture Is Hurting Your Business: In a connection culture, peo... 
Woman Storms Funeral Home, Repeatedly Stabs Boyfriend’s Ex Corpse: A woman is accused of storming a funeral ho... 
Chris Brown denies Vegas basketball brawl, explains what happened: Yesterday, the Las Vegas police department ... 
Celebrity Couple Gbenro Ajibade And Osas Ighodaro Set To Wed In New York: Celebrity couple, Gbenro Ajibade and... 
Kontihene – Juju ft Nero-X (Prod By Skinny Willis): Hiplife act Kontihene is here again with this brand new jo... 
The Texas Miracle And The Federal Reserve 'Put': The chance to cut taxes sits squarely before the state 
Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich must attack Barcelona to beat them: Pep Guardiola insisted he was "here to wi... 
Troops Kill 28 Suspected Militants In Plateau-Taraba Border: Troops, weekend, killed 28 suspected militants in... 
Yvonne Nelson Fires Shots At Ghanaian Politician Haruna Alidu For Calling Her A Prostitute: Few days ago, Ex-a... 
How Lightspeed VC Jeremy Liew Looks For The Next Bonobos And Snapchat: Jeremy Liew thought he’d be one of the ... 
Grace Family International church presents 'Manifestation of the Sons of God' event: Grace Family Internationa... 
Photo: Nigerian woman amongst rescued immigrants gives birth on one of the boats: Over the weekend and on Mond... 
Preakness Ticket Prices Up 39% On Secondary Market After American Pharaoh's Derby Win: In the aftermath of las... 
Hoodlums at Ijora! Please be careful people!: A few LIB readers have sent emails to me asking me to alert peop... 
Photos from the accident at Oshodi this afternoon: This accident happened this afternoon in the Oshodi area of... 
LIVE Boot Room chat: Champions Lge:  
Nigerian Stylist &amp; Designer Ugo Mozie teams up with Jewelry Maker Frank Wilder for Native-themed “Eagle” Colle... 
Kim Jordan On Why Employee-Owned New Belgium Brewing Isn't Worried About A Craft-Beer Bubble: With New Belgium... 
What impact has Luis Enrique had on Barca?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Janusz Michallik examine the effect... 
Lize Shola Okoh: Riding a Bicycle For the First Time: After all this time, I still remember the day I first le... 
Adamawa Assembly suspends lawmakers that “impeached” Speaker: The Adamawa state House of Assembly has suspende... 
Tuesday Sector Laggards: Utilities, Technology &amp; Communications: Looking at the sectors faring worst as of mid... 
Jose Mourinho in line for new Chelsea contract after winning title: Jose Mourinho is to be rewarded for guidin... 
Fun Photos at the 2015 MET Gala After-Party with Rihanna, Kerry Washington, Kylie Jenner, Naomi Campbell &amp; Mor... 
Power Wear: TiEcon 2015: TiEcon founded by The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE) organization, will host approximately... 
New Music: Ycee | Condo Ft. Patoranking (Prod. By E-Kelly): The rapper formerly known as YC, drops a new singl... 
ASUS Transformer Book T100 Chi 2-in-1 Specs &amp; Price:  
Beyoncé fans...your queen also copied! *wink* (photos): Beyoncé's fans have been attacking Kim K for saying th... 
Caf Appoints Guinean Officials for Super Falcons-Mali Clash: The Confederation of African Football has appoint... 
Shake off your troubles, help is just a phone call away: Your inspirational, prayer song, set in a Jazzy style... 
Lol. What is empirical evidence and why is it trending on Nigerian twitter?: So the word empirical evidence is... 
Photos: 15yr old girl abducted by Boko Haram reunites with family: A 15 year old girl who is among the over 70... 
Wizkid shares FaceTime screenshot with Chris Brown: Wizkid chatted with Chris Breezy through FaceTime to wish ... 
Photos: Which couple owned the night at last night's Met Gala?: Gabrielle Union and husband Dwyane Wade, Diddy... 
iShares Unveils New Family of Smart Beta ETFs: iShares rolls out new family of multi-factor smart beta ETFs. 
Enrique- Every Bit of Details Count in Europe’s Most Attractive Game: The most infinite detail would be all th... 
Seeking admission into a top Overseas University or College ?: Are you seeking admission into a top Overseas U... 
FG downgrades Asaba airport, declares it unsafe for travelers: The Federal government has downgraded and decla... 
Ex-Falcon Footballer Chified Says ‘I WILL NEVER allow what I wear define me as a WOMAN’: Ex-Falcon footballer ... 
Photo: Woman bites employees ear over salary in Lagos: An Ejigbo Magistrate court has ordered the arrest of  a... 
Diddy explains how making love with Cassie inspired his racy 3AM ad: Diddy's new racy fragrance ad has been de... 
Music: Nizzy – No Way (Prod By Chillz): On the back of strong support from the likes of MTV Base Africa, Chann... 
Waratek Takes Top Honors In RSA Security Meet: Aiming at improved efficiency for Java, Waratek also hit securi... 
'Hot Pursuit' Director Talks Witherspoon And Vergara, Making A Movie By Women For Women: The big new movie of ... 
Pres Jonathan appoints new executive secretaries for PEF &amp; NCDMB: State House Press statement below...Presiden... 
MUSIC : Sossick – Baby Mo (Omoge Madonna): After been Away from the Music scence for somt time,sosick comes ba... 
Download Void and Get Paid: Is there an application on your phone right now that gives you monetary reward or ... 
Photo: Thief who steals car parts with a Hummer 2 SUV caught: Strange story a LIB reader sent to me. Apparentl... 
Lionel Messi voted ESPN FC Player of the Month for April: Barcelona trio Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar ... 
Eniola Badmus Lands New Endorsement as ACTV Brand Ambassador: Nollywood actress Eniola Badmus has landed an en... 
Think of Carly Fiorina As Silicon Valley's Candidate 1.0: Carly Fiorina is Silicon Valley's Candidate 1.0. Thi... 
Mortgage Servicer Woes Hit Nationstar, Stock Plunges After Earnings Miss: The troubled mortgage servicing sect... 
Attention, Ladies: Waists Don’t Need To Be ‘Trained’: It’s the year 2015, but corsets are making a comeback li... 
Photos: Tyga takes Kylie Jenner to Met Gala after-party: She didn't attend the Met Gala because she's underage... 
New Music: Modenine | You Don’t Know: It’s Day 5 and Modenine shares another track 0ff his #30DaysOfModenine c... 
Jack Wilshere should look to emulate Aaron Ramsey's Arsenal career: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer discu... 
We <BLACK HEART SUIT> Their Love! Check out Osas Ighodaro &amp; Gbenro Ajibade’s ‘Save the Date’ Card: We’ve been super excited abo... 
G-Unit member's girlfriend claims he beat her, releases photos of her battered face: Beauty queen (Miss Globe ... 
Check Out What Ali Baba Had To Say About Korede Bello’s Hit Track #Godwin Being Used In Churches: While Nigeri... 
Vanguard Rolls Out New Robo-Hybrid Advisor Service With $17 Billion In Assets: Service charges 0.30 percent of... 
Freebies &amp; Job opportunities at Koga Entertainment: Koga Entertainment which is the mother &amp; umbrella body to ... 
The 10 Most And Least Common Jobs In The U.S.:  
10 persons remanded in prison over Ejigbo pepper sodomy: 10 persons who were arrested in connection with the E... 
If we zoom into Beyonce's Met dress...it's a little scandalous (pics): Beyonce wore a see-through Givency dres... 
Saudi Arabia Executes 5 Foreigners from Chad, Eritrea, Sudan &amp; Yemen for Murder &amp; Armed Robbery: Saudi Arabian... 
MUSIC : WizBoyy Ft. Phyno – Slambala: Highlife powerhouse and certified pan-African hit performer, Wizboyy ser... 
Kebbi PDP candidate files 366-page petition challenging election of APC’s Bagudu as governor: Bello Sarkin-Yak... 
New Music: Viktoh – Instagram Police Ft. Olamide &amp; Small Doctor: Viktoh of YBNL recruits the  expertise of his... 
Photos: APC Governors meet with Buhari in Abuja: APC Governors and governor-elects paid a visit to president-e... 
Wizboyy – Salambala ft. Phyno: Wizboy dishes out this fantastic highlife-type tune titled – ‘Slambala‘, featur... 
Beating Pep could shape Barcelona future:  
Hip-Hop's Wealthiest Artists Of 2015: The Forbes Five is the definitive ranking of the richest in hip-hop. 
Negotiation: What Makes The Right Business Deal: Depending on what you are buying, you’ll see negotiations in ... 
Osas Ighodaro &amp; Gbenga Ajibade pick June 20th &amp; July 4th for their wedding: Tinsel co-stars Osas Ighodaro and ... 
Connect with your Customers for Free on 
PDP Crisis: I gave all my best to Jonathan – Mu’azu: Embattled national chairman of the Peoples Democratic Par... 
Video: Evans Ogboi – Bigger: On the back of winning the 2014 MOBO Awards for ‘Best Gospel Act’ with Living Fai... 
Photos: Rihanna suffers nip-slip as she goes braless in sheer top: Rihanna suffered major nip-slip as she went... 
Samsung Galaxy S6 edge &amp; Galaxy S6 duos: Intelligent cameras, supreme performance: Samsung Electronics West Af... 
UnitedHealth Widens Telehealth Coverage To Millions Of Americans: UnitedHealth Group (UNH) is offering the wid... 
Photos: Presidential Advisory committee hold valedictory session for GEJ: Members of the Presidential Advisory... 
Michael Carrick's absence hurts Man Utd as midfield depth is exposed: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol does not feel Live... 
Impeached Ondo Deputy Gov. Olanusi Appointed Member of APC Board of Trustees: Impeached Ondo State deputy gove... 
Photos from gospel artist Solomon Lange's wedding: Popular gospel act Solomon Lange married his woman Florence... 
Edo Muslims cry out over marginalization, insist on fair representation in governance: The Muslim community in... 
Nigerian Billionaire Aliko Dangote Interested in Buying Arsenal FC: For African Arsenal fans this will be some... 
"The Japanese have a word for it.
It's Judo -- the art of conquering by yielding.
The Western equivalent of ju... 
Aliko Dangote says he's keen on buying Arsenal football club: Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote says he is s... 
Music : Ante Ft. Patoranking – I Love My Life: ANTE (real name Osumiri Kingsley Ify), formerly known as Antivi... 
Symphony Commerce Pioneers Commerce As A Service Category To Help Companies Become Like Amazon: A Series of Fo... 
Robert Pattinson's 'fiancee' wears erotic dress featuring an eggplant to Met Gala: Robert Pattinson, 28 and hi... 
Aliko Dangote: Five things to know about Nigerian keen on Arsenal: Aliko Dangote could become the first Africa... 
Solar Power Poll Illustrates Industry's Desperation: The solar power industry claims a new poll it has commiss... 
Stand a Chance to Win N100,000 in The Homevida 2015 Call For Scripts Competition: Get to win a N100, 000 and h... 
How To Tell When Feeling Tired Requires Medical Attention: When should I see my doctor about my low energy? In... 
Minister of Finance ‘Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala’ Coy Over Details Of Meeting With MAMON: Minister of Finance, Ngozi O... 
New Video: Sammy Davids - Banger:  Sammy Davids new Banger Video +Audio Prod by McVance. Enjoy 
Cross Cultural Marriage: Interesting tweets by white lady married to a Nigerian: Interesting tweets on #CrossC... 
MUSIC : Oritse Femi ft Phyno – Halla my Name: Oritse femi just Droped his much Anticipated album titled MSN “M... 
Cancer Drug Sales Approach $100 Billion And Could Increase 50% By 2018: The global market for cancer drugs has... 
7 Signs Your Girlfriend Isn’t Meant To Be Your Future Wife: Getting married is a life changing situation and s... 
Battle of the butts: Kim Kardashian vs J Lo at Met Gala: The reality star (left) and the singer/actress (right... 
Photo: What Don Jazzy had To Say About Rihanna’s 2015 Met Gala Outfit: Rihanna’s massive yellow dress for this... 
Northwestern MutualVoice: Should Your Business Consider Group Disability Insurance?: When small business owner... 
Photos: Most Hilarious Pose Ever!!! Imagine This Pose……: This is not funny!!!! Can any of you pose like this??... 
VIDEO: Dr Sid Ft. Olamide – Chop Ogbono (Remix): Mavin records Drops New Music Video to the Remix of Chop Ogbo... 
Photo: Comedian Basketmouth 'treks' to congratulate president-elect: Lol.  
Tottenham stasis needs to change, but will Pochettino be given freedom?: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino... 
'Portal' And 'The Simpsons' Listed For 'Lego Dimensions': Online retail listings confirm Portal gun coming to ... 
Graphic pic of Policeman who killed himself, his colleague &amp; the girl they were fighting over: Remember the st... 
Have you Got Cooking Skills? Register to Audition in Knorr Taste Quest Season 3 | Grand Prize of N5 Million to... 
New Video: Dr Sid – Chop Ogbono Remix Ft. Olamide: Official Video to the Remix of Chop Ogbono by Supreme Mavin... 
Get up 70% discount @the largest youth Expo Bonmarche Fairstival: Imagine getting up to 70% on all the items o... 
More hot red carpet looks from Met Gala..check out Solange's dress: The biggest fashion red carpet event of th... 
Nicki Minaj Flaunts Her Bo*obs As She Partied Away In Vegas With Meek Mill [PHOTOS]: The rapper is having a gr... 
How to Design an Exciting Neutral Room: Neutrals need not be dull and lifeless. Here are some inspiring wow-fa... 
Smirnoff Ice Guarana Launches with Grand #Doubleside Party!: If you were present at the launch of the Smirnoff... 
Photos: Rihanna Steps Out In ‘School Kills’ T-shirt: No, Rihanna! School doesn’t kill. The pop singer stepped ... 
Annie Idibia Steps Out In Denim Shirt Dress In Dubai: The beautiful mother of two is currently in Dubai and st... 
New Music: Ante | I Love My Life Ft. Patoranking: ANTE (real name Osumiri Kingsley Ify), formerly known as Ant... 
Photos: Customized Ankara car spotted in Bayelsa:  This sports car covered in Ankara fabric was spotted in Yen... 
Juve-Real Madrid; Barcelona-Bayern: Champions League predicted XIs: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
Krugman's Argument In Favour Of A Universal Basic Income: Not that Paul Krugman is directly arguing for a univ... 
Exclusive pics: Innoson shows off their made-in-Nigeria SUV worth N5.6m: Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing company... 
Even with my ill-health, I haven't outrightly stopped drinking, smoking or womanizing - actor Olumide Bakare: ... 
Ayikwei Kristo Guy – Lef Am ft Skrew Faze (Prod By Killers): Fast Rising act Kristo Guy brings to us this bran... 
Sergio Ramos in midfield provides stability for Real Madrid, Pepe says: Real Madrid defender Pepe says his usu... 
Doing Business In China: Terry And The Pirates Part 5: Western business executives report that while they are ... 
Check Out What Nigerian Students Warn Buhari About: The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has c... 
Just Like a Mother’s Love: Continue to read...Like a mother’s love for her child, your love for your body shou... 
DJ Dimplez | Bae Coupe Ft Ice Prince, Emmy Gee &amp; Riky Rick   : DJ Dimplez teams up with Ice Prince, Emmy G and... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader dies: Darasimi Amusa known by her friends as Chinko died yesterday morning April 4th... 
The future stars of the four Champions League semifinalists: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti spoke ahead of ... 
Pacman Pacquiao, Poor Boy Who Made It Big, Gears For Next Fight: Running For Philippine Senate:   The Philippi... 
More Refreshing Choices! Dignitaries Grace the Official Opening of The First Vitafoam Comfort Centre in Ibadan... 
New Music: Ydee | Pade (Prod. By Mystro): MMMG new signee Ydee drops his much anticipated hit song on his new ... 
Wendy Williams, her husband and NeNe Leakes bump heads at a conference: The cold war between former friends, t... 
Exclusive photos from Silverbird Man of the Year 2015: The Silverbird Man of the Year 2015 held on Sunday nigh... 
Your powers of concentration turn you into a superhero today, ... More for Virgo 
Home-grown Alessandro Florenzi is fast becoming Roma's new hero: In this weekend's Serie A action, Juventus wo... 
Pastor Adeboye: I Don’t Hate Homosexuals: General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor ... 
The Buzzfeed of China: Jiecao Targets The Post-90s Generation: China’s so-called post-80s generation fuelled t... 
Wendy Williams, her Husband Kevin Hunter and Nene Leakes nearly got into an altercation at a conference.: The ... 
Emmanuel Sithole murder case postponed: The trial of the four men accused of killing Mozambican man Emmanuel S... 
Planting Progress And Weather Influence Food Supply &amp; The Ag Economy: While it is rare that the United States ... 
Didier Drogba deserves new contract at Chelsea, John Terry says: Didier Drogba deserves a new contract at Chel... 
First Photos: Rihanna, Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez, Kim Kardashian, Kerry Washington &amp; More at the 2015 MET Gala: ... 
About 1million candidates screened- PushCV Elite Employee Quest 2015: The List of the Next Generation Workforc... 
Kim claims she was inspired by Cher, but this looks like Beyonce's 2012 Met Gala look: Kim K stepped out last ... 
Tesla Begins Sales Of Used Model S Sedans: Tesla is in the used car business -- albeit a very exclusive used c... 
Fit-again Robert Lewandowski ready to lead Bayern Munich's attack: The ESPN FC crew discuss Bayern Munich Chai... 
Red Carpet Fashion: 2015 MET Gala: Every year, fashion fanatics tune in to witness the event that introduces t... 
MUSIC : DJ Dimplez – Bae Coupe ft. Ice Prince, Emmy Gee &amp; Riky Rick: South Africa meets Nigeria as DJ Dimplez ... 
I should have died, not my pregnant wife – Husband of Arepo victim: The husband of 25-year-old Damilola Fajana... 
Nollywood Tasks Buhari On Special Tribunal For Piracy: Nollywood actor turned politician, Richard Mofe-Damijo ... 
Rihanna's yellow gown to the 2015 MET gala and the funny memes done with it: The HUGE bright yellow gown Riri ... 
Photo: Aww Cute! Wizkid and Tania Omotayo Share A Romantic Dinner: The love is very much in the air in seems a... 
Toke’s Big Secret Revealed…: Temi wanted to be like most of her friends, wearing the best designers and showin... 
APC Govs Submit Ministerial List As Buhari Prepares Cabinet: With just about three weeks remaining for him to ... 
Photos: Everyone Is Talking About What Beyonce Wore To The Met Gala 2015: The Metropolitan Museum of Arts Cost... 
The Average US Welfare Payment Puts You In The Top 20% Of All Income Earners: Over on Alternet Joshua Holland ... 
Dusk-to-dawn Curfew Imposed On Aladja, As Cultists Continue Attacks: Suspected cultists have killed a member o... 
Chris Brown is in love: Chris Brown who's currently wanted by the police for allegedly hitting someone at a ba... 
"When men reach their sixties and retire, they go to pieces. Women go right on cooking." - Gail Sheehy: "When ... 
Are Open Office Spaces Good Or Bad?: VideoThere have been quite a few articles written recently around open of... 
Supreme Court To Determine Future of Billion Dollar Demand Response Industry: Demand response is going to the ... 
2015 James Beard Awards Winners: New York's Bâtard Named Best New Restaurant: The 2015 James Beard Awards anno... 
Measurement Is Key To Accelerating Education Impact: With fewer than 20 percent of Milwaukee’s third graders r... 
The gowns worn to the 2015 MET gala award: The 2015 Met Gala in New York City, was titled China: Through The L... 
Mayweather And Pacquiao Purses Through The Years:  
Beyonce stuns in a show stopping gown to the china themed MET gala award ceremony: A nearly naked Beyonce reve... 
Twilio Has Joined The Unicorn Ranks With Stealthy $100 Million Raise: Twilio is the latest tech startup to joi... 
China's New Investment Hype: Soccer Stocks: China’s soccer league is plagued by corruption, match-fixing and b... 
Jose's odd interest in Rickie Lambert, United's Hummels move on the rocks: Former PSV sporting director Frank ... 
Omg! J.Lo's gown to the MET Gala was stunning (photos): The curvaceous 45 year old latina bombshell, J.Lo wore... 
The Top 10 Private Jet Events For NetJets: A poker tournament in Las Vegas is the number one draw for NetJets ... 
OMG!!! See what Kim Kardashian wore to the:  
Taiwan Party Chief Meets China's Xi Jinping: The Real Agenda: A quick review for the short-term thinker: Taiwa... 
Bejeweled Roses For Mother's Day:  
Rough Month For Cher Wang: Taiwan Smartphone Maker HTC's April Sales Drop 39%: Cher Wang, co-founder of Taiwan... 
Bayern Munich hope to overcome injury woe against Barcelona in UCL: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
EMC Enhances All Flash Beast And Hyperscale Products: EMC has successfully adjusted itself to keep its product... 
RIP Aluu 4: Yes, we are still o it ... and will continue until we hear a verdict! RIP Ugonna, Tekena, Chidiaka... 
Lady Gaga, what's going on with your tummy? (photos): Lady Gaga was seen walking on the beach in LA with her f... 
Allegri utilising a bold approach for Juventus against Real: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner believes Juventus are bein... 
Diddy says “Love is the New Sexy” as him &amp; girlfriend Cassie Shock Fans with Titillating ‘3AM’ Perfume Ad: Wow... 
New Music: Brain | Ileke (Ur Body): Magikal Entertainment Network flagship hip-hop act, BRAIN is not resting o... 
Prem: Top 5 goals of week 35: Relive the top five goals from around the Premier League in week 35, spotlighted... 
New photos of women and children rescued from Sambisa Forest: Here are new photos of the girls, women and chil... 
Met Gala 2015: The Best Looks from the Red Carpet: If the Oscars are the Super Bowl of fashion, then the Met C... 
Airtel Nigeria Graduate Trainee Program 2015/2016: Airtel Nigeria is a leading global telecommunications compa... 
"Men and women approaching retirement age should be recycled for public service work, and their companies shou... 
There will soon be adequate supply of fuel - Major Oil Marketers Sec says: The Major Oil Markers Association o... 
Pastor Adeboye shares his thoughts on Homosexuality: The respected clergy man shared his thought on his verifi... 
"The olive-grove of Academe, / Plato's retirement, where the Attic bird / Trills her thick-warbled notes the s... 
Pics: Kim K steps out without bra or pant as she goes to work out: Mrs West doing her thing! 
Photos: President Jonathan arrives Lagos, visits Pastor Adeboye: President Jonathan arrived the Presidential w... 
Arsenal pile the pressure on Hull: Arsenal still have much to prove but had enough class in Alexis Sanchez and... 
The New Female Act Everyone is Talking About! LISTEN to Fefe – “Make Sense”: The Capital/Goretti Company joint... 
Three Of The Year's Best Integrated Marketing Programs: This Year's Reggie Awards For Best Integrated Marketin... 
Fuel scarcity will soon end- Okonjo-Iweala says: Minister of Finance and Coordinating minister for the Economy... 
Meet the incredible hulk from Brazil, who injected oil into his biceps in bid to become real life version of c... 
MC Galaxy gets brand new 2015 Prado SUV from Governor Godswill Akpabio: MC Galaxy launched his debut album 'Br... 
The Rise and Looming Fall of the Engineering Whiteboard Interview: For the past few decades, most engineers re... 
Pimco Total Return Is No Longer The World's Biggest Bond Fund: After two years of investor withdrawals, Pacifi... 
Alexis Sanchez brace buoys brilliant Arsenal first half vs. Hull City: Alexis Sanchez tormented Hull as Arsena... 
Female banker, others charged with defrauding Emir of Kano of N17m: A female banker identified as Amina Magaji... 
Photos: Beyonce shows off butt in colourful shorts: Beyonce knows how to wear an outfit and make it sexy! Anot... 
Manifesting the Practice: The Core of Integrated Thinking: Aleen Bayard, LEED Green Associate, is the Managing... 
Prem:  Quinn -- Hull City goal (56'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Stephen Quinn (56') Hull City 1-3 Arsenal 
NNPC To Resume Oil Search In Chad Basin: The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) will soon resume o... 
Yay or Nay? Solange Knowles Steps Out in Rosie Assoulin AW15 Dress: While one of the biggest fashion events of... 
5 Tequilas for Cinco de Mayo: Tequila often brings back unfortunate memories of drunken college days, when eve... 
OAP Toolz And Popular Grammarian Patrick Obahiagbon Have A Message For All Them Trekkers: And the dilemma won’... 
Time table for students' meal at Redeemer university: Grown folks have a time table for eating? A LIB reader w... 
Photo: The Versace furniture at comedian Igo Dye's home though..: A screen grab from a video posted on social ... 
The Future Of Marketing: A Conversation With David Aaker, Colleague And Hall-of-Famer: I have had the great fo... 
Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo -- who is more important to their team?: The age old debate continues as the... 
Too raunchy! See the Diddy/Cassie TV ad they say is too hot for TV (photos): Diddy's new racy TV ad for his ne... 
Aliyu sacks political appointees, dissolves Niger state boards: Less than one month to the end of his tenure, ... 
Photo: Wizkid &amp; girlfriend Tania Omotayo have dinner in the middle of a desert: Very romantic setting! The sin... 
Job Search: 3 Online Tools To Stay On Track: They'll make sure you always know where each application stands. 
Toolz shows off major cleavage in sexy jumpsuit at Akwa-Ibom event: The sexy OAP looked gorgeous and showed of... 
LIVE Boot Room chat: Premier League:  
Solange shows stretchmarks on her stomach in lovely green dress: Beyonce's sister Solange stepped out in New Y... 
Call for Sack of NWC: PDP tackles Fayose, says Ekiti Gov an ingrate: The National Working Committee of Peoples... 
Have You Tried a Butt Enhancer? Watch These Women Try Them for the First Time!: Last year was deemed the year ... 
"Talent is not developed anymore,it is discovered on you tube" - Kenneth waters Jr: "Talent is not developed a... 
Plateau State, Witness Fresh Killings In Barkin Ladi Local Government Area: Sunday night witnessed killings in... 
Funmi Iyanya stuns in new pics as she prepares for her new London show: Funmi Iyanda is coming back to TV (exc... 
New Video: Black Gate - Go Down: Enjoy brand new video from Black Gate... 
Stella Damasus shares new loved up photo with her man, Daniel: Couples who wear matching outfits, stay together! :-) 
"I have made noise enough in the world already, perhaps too much, and am now getting old, and want retirement"... 
Monday Sector Laggards: Energy, Materials: Looking at the sectors faring worst as of midday Monday, shares of ... 
Statistical breakdown of Real Madrid-Juventus and Bayern-Barcelona: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
Oil cartel holding Nigeria to ransom – Okonjo-Iweala: The Federal Government on Sunday urged oil marketers to ... 
3 Reasons Why Consumers' Gas Price 'Savings' Aren't A Sure Bet For Solid Retail Sales: When gas prices began t... 
Is Mourinho due for a long-term stay?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer weigh in on whether or not Jose Mo... 
Pinnick-Led NFF Earns Blatter’s Plaudits: Fifa president Sepp Blatter on Monday commended the energy, vision a... 
Official Photos: Pete Edochie, Genevieve Nnaji, Nkiru Sylvanus &amp; More at the Launch of Africa Magic Igbo Chan... 
Video: Oby Ezekwesili On Aljazeera’s Head To Head: Mehdi Hasan challenges Obiageli Ezekwesili, the former Worl... 
Silver Wheaton Earnings Preview: Lower Precious Metal Prices To Weigh On Q1 Results: We expect lower silver an... 
Samsung JS9500 Curved 4K SUHD LED TV Specs &amp; Price - Ultra-HD:  
VIDEO: Falz – Ello Bae: Falz the Bahd Guy releases the official video for his smash hit “Ello Bae“. The comic ... 
Mad Men 712 Recap: Of Peggy, Joan And The Sweet Little Ad Shop of Horrors: VideoMatt Weiner has never been Aar... 
"Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience... 
"May The Fourth Be With You": The MLS players and personnel pick their favourite character from the Star Wars series. 
Tennis: Murray Wins 1st Clay Title in Munich: Andy Murray clinched the first clay court title of his career wi... 
New Video: Falz – Ello Bae: Yay! Falz is out with the video for his hit single ‘Ello Bae’. The video, produced... 
IEEE PES Power Africa Conference: Call for Papers PowerAfricaCFP_flyer As stated by the Power Africa Initiativ... 
Microsoft Teases Big Rare Reveal At E3: Battletoads Or Banjo-Threeie?: Microsoft has promised us a big year fo... 
Photos: See what Love &amp; Hip Hop star Nya lee wore to MayPac fight: The former stripper turned reality star wor... 
U.S. announces friendly against Guatemala set for Nashville in July: The United States will play Guatemala in ... 
Police Officer In Warri Seen With A Toothpick And A Cigarette In His Mouth [PHOTOS]: According to the eyewitne... 
Ebuka Obi-Uchendu is Suave as the Brand Ambassador of Deo Milano Fashion Label: TV personality Ebuka Obi-Uchen... 
"I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to t... 
Breaking News: Popular OAP Sylvester Ojigbede Of Classic Fm Is DEAD: Classic Fm OAP Sylvester Ojigbede, Popula... 
Boyoyo – No Dulling (Feat. Anda Da Rida): After his previous release of Pretty Girl and Dreams which got massi... 
Photos: Buhari meets with Niger republic Ambassador: President-elect Gen Buhari met with Niger republic Ambass... 
Kris Jenner steps out without makeup, doesn't look bad for a 60 year old (photos): The Kardashian/Jenner Matri... 
Tim Ferriss And The Secrets of Accelerated Learning: Five days to learn a new skill, no experience coming in, ... 
Britney Spears Returns With Iggy Azalea-Assisted New Single "Pretty Girls": After a short time out of the spot... 
bcoz is not sexual "@Billyggreg: Because you're using Blackberry "@GBAGAUN_SEEKER: all these "í ½í¸" tweets annoying af"""
Photo: Man arrested for stealing N4.6m from his employers: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC,... 
Photos from David Beckham's 40th birthday in Morocco: Football and fashion icon David Beckham turned 40 on May... 
Real Madrid stay in touch: Before the Champions League semifinals, Cristiano Ronaldo's hat trick ensured Real ... 
Money Laundering Trial: Fani-Kayode to Know Fate on June 18: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday fixed Jun... 
AK Songstress – Dopy Conqueror (Official Video): Paradise Entertainment finally bring to us the much anticiapt... 
Warren Buffett's Right, Raise The EITC, Don't Raise The Minimum Wage: Talking at the Berkshire Hathaway meet a... 
Meet The Boss Of Morocco's Largest Commercial Bank: Meet Ismail Douiri, co-CEO of Attijariwafa Bank, Morocco's... 
Man United's Champions League place not secure as work starts for 2015-16: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol does not feel... 
26yr old pregnant woman shot dead during OPC/oil bunkers crossfire in Ogun: Oluwadamilola Fajana, a 26 year ol... 
Caf to Sign Agreement With Qatar Football Association: The Confedration of African Football (Caf) will sign a ... 
Facebook and She Leads Africa Host Women Influencers in Media at Private Event in Lagos: On Thursday 23rd Apri... 
Lol. Chinese people no gree o! Drag Lauryn Hill show promoters at Eko Hotel until they get a refund (photos): ... 
New Music: L-Tido | Dlala Ka Yona: South Africa’s finest, L-Tido returns to scene after a long break with Dlal... 
Samsung JS9000 Curved 4K SUHD LED TV Specs &amp; Price - Ultra-HD:  
How to Get a Small Business Loan from a Bank: Let’s talk about getting a small business loan from a bank.  One... 
"How has retirement affected my golf game? A lot more people beat me now." - Dwight David Eisenhower: "How has... 
Macy's censors Diddy's new fragrance ad featuring Cassie: Sean 'Diddy' Combs' recently released the ad for his... 
Microsoft's HoloLens Will Cost 'Significantly More' Than An Xbox One: E3 is only six weeks away, but already w... 
Need To Solve A Problem? Take A Break From Collaborating.: Collaboration may actually hinder the most importan... 
John Terry: Chelsea title success marks start of a new era: John Terry believes Chelsea's first Premier League... 
Why Buhari must perform miracle in office – Labour Party: The Labour Party has asked President-elect Muhammadu... 
…And the Royal Baby’s Name is…Princess Charlotte!: Kate Middleton and Prince William have finally revealed the... 
Funny! Checkout OAP Toolz reaction to all 'dem trekkers: Lol. Because if you really think about it, you can't ... 
Samsung JS8500 4K SUHD LED TV Specs &amp; Price - Ultra-HD:  
Kate &amp; William name their new-born baby Charlotte Elizabeth Diana: Kate Middleton and Prince William have name... 
NHL Lights The Lamp With #MyPlayoffsMoment Social Campaign For 2015 Playoffs: The NHL is finding heightened su... 
Four Vulnerable Income Stocks: The sharp rally last Friday limited the weekly losses in the Dow Industrials an... 
OptumVoice: The 7 Steps For Using Big Data For Effective Care Coordination [Infographic]: By The OptumVoice Te... 
French Artist Arnaud Nazare-Aga's Little Prince Sculptures Seek To Open The Eyes And Touch The Heart: From Bud... 
Can Guardiola upset Barca? Four talking points in UCL quarterfinals: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
Interesting tweets by a Nigerian about the new princess of England: Biko, Prince William spaced his children. ... 
"The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income." - George Foreman: "The question isn't ... 
Fans Accuse Davido Of Lieing About Betting On Mayweather: Some Davido fans have attacked the Nigerian pop sing... 
Protests Against President’s 3rd Term Bid Resume in Burundi: Protests against the plan by Burundi‘s President ... 
Shatta Wale – Pumpum Murder (Explicit): Shatta Wale is on a mini tour in the US and on his stop in New York Ci... 
New Music: Modenine | Featured Verses (Pt. 1): As expected, Modenine puts out another track on Day4 of his “30... 
Mrs Nkiru's Weight Loss Story With Calorad: Story as told by Calorad user, Mrs Nkiru. Read below...Before I st... 
Photo of the man we all know as Julius Berger, who built our bridges: Above is the picture of Julius Berger hi... 
Emma Nyra comes for former boss Ubi Franklin in new interview, insists she didn't date him: According to what ... 
'Dogs Of The Dow' Chevron, GE, IBM And 3 Others Barked Loudly In April: Five of the six “dogs of the Dow” had ... 
University of Port Harcourt Admission into M.Sc. Pipeline Engineering and M.Sc. Offshore Engineering and M.Sc ... 
The Oby Ezekwesili Aljazeerah interview that's got everyone talking: Former Minister of Education and convener... 
"The Framers [of the Constitution] knew that free speech is the friend of change and revolution. But they also... 
Lol. Kylie &amp; Kendall Jenner trademark their first names...: This is so hilarious. According to a report by TMZ... 
Learn how to be your own boss with a 2-week Intensive Training on Wedding Decoration, Balloon Artistry &amp; Cake ... 
Lily Pulitzer Collection Indicates A Nascent Target Comeback: Just a month after he was appointed, Target's CE... 
Sad! Classic FM On-Air Personality Sylvester ‘Sly’ Ojigbede Passes Away: Sad news reaching us. Classic FM on-a... 
Filmhouse Signature...Luxury cinema comes to Ikoyi: Filmhouse Cinemas is proud to announce the opening of its ... 
America's Highest-Paid Female Chief Executives [Infographic]: According to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S... 
Beyonce Flaunts Her b**b*s For Floyd Mayweather’s Victory [PHOTOS]: Popular singer, Beyonce stepped out in a r... 
Photos: Policemen caught on camera taking a dump in the water: Policemen in police boats filmed taking a dump ... 
Venezuelan TV Presenter Strips During Cristiano Ronaldo Report [PHOTOS]: Venezuelan model and TV presenter, Yu... 
Hairstyle Contest: Checkout This Hair Queen In Town…..: She is an upcoming rapper and contested at a show last... 
Chelsea solid but not spectacular: In recent Premier League campaigns, we've been treated to some outstanding ... 
#MayPac Aftermath! Davido Pictured On Stage with 50 Cent and Jeremih in Las Vegas: After a busy weekend with t... 
Chris Hjelm Is Kroger's Board-Level CIO: Kroger Chief Information Officer Chris Hjelm has led IT at a number o... 
Pics: Ben Murray-Bruce introduces his electric car at event last night: Senator-elect and Chairman of Silverbi... 
Nicki Minaj displays massive boobs as she parties in Vegas with Meek Mill: The rapper is having a great time w... 
D.C. United top MLS Power Rankings, Seattle and New England also climb: Relive the best moments from week 10 t... 
Niger Deputy Gov. Ahmed Musa Ibeto’s Brother Abducted: Niger State Deputy Governor Ahmed Musa Ibeto‘s younger ... 
Vlogger And OAP Toke Makinwa Shares Her Success Story: Toke Makinwa took to her social media handle to share h... 
"Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the t... 
Walmart's Management Changes Indicate Important New Direction for U.S Stores: A few weeks ago, I posted a blog... 
These Amazing Andy Warhol Movies - Now Screening At Midnight - Actually Make Times Square Tolerable: The great... 
Real Madrid leave Karim Benzema out of squad to face Juventus: Real Madrid have left Karim Benzema off their C... 
Pregnant woman narrates how Boko Haram men took turns sleeping with her in Sambisa Forest: A 23 year old pregn... 
Atoke’s Monday Morning Banter: The Secrets Keeper: “Worry is like sitting in a rocking chair/it gives you so m... 
Toast to the weekend celebrations from Taiwo Oladoye:  Seems Taiwo Oladoye is a serial video-nista. Enjoy anot... 
Lynparza, First In Its Class Of Cancer Drugs, Offers Surprisingly Broad Activity: So far, the studies demonstr... 
Photos: Man treks from Abuja to Bayelsa for President Jonathan: This young man Oladele John Nihi is trekking f... 
"Sooner or later I'm going to die, but I'm not going to retire." - Margaret Mead: "Sooner or later I'm going t... 
Tee Billz Loses Bet On Pacquiao To Cool FM OAP, N6: Tunji Teebillz Balogun is among the very few gamblers who ... 
Tania Omotayo &amp; Banke Su Stun in Chic Pieces for MAJU’s 2015 Ready-to-Wear Collection!: It’s a perfect day for... 
Omotola shares selfie with her second daughter, Mimi Ekeinde: The actress pictured with her second daughter, M... 
LG LF5400 LED TV Specs &amp; Price:  
VIDEO : Tyson ft L.A.X  – Turn It Up: Tyson who teamed up with Starboy’s L.A.X and Legendury Beatz for the sma... 
Photos: Rihanna steps out in 'School Kills' T-shirt: No, Rihanna! School doesn't kill. The pop singer stepped ... 
When Family Businesses Outsource Family Office Services: A growing trend among larger, very successful family ... 
Photos: Police harasses a civilian in Lekki: A LIB reader took these pics showing policemen in a convoy harass... 
Barcelona hit eight, Real Madrid keep pace - Five things learned from La Liga: The ESPN FC team continue their... 
Don Jazzy Talks About His Experience At The Mayweather/PacMan Fight: We all know that Don Jazzy was present li... 
New week, new tweets, new stats. 57 followers, 66 unfollowers. Via good old 
Cisco Networking Intern Program: A sure path to a secured life for all: Are you a novice seeking to build an I... 
See a Police officer a LIB reader encountered in Warri, Delta state: According to the LIB reader who sent in t... 
"Retirement - Because you've given so much of yourself to the company that you don't have anything left we can... 
Hopes For Nuclear Power Industry Orders Lift Fan Supplier Into Billionaire Ranks: Yang Zewen, the founder of N... 
Lol. Man likes his own wanted poster on Facebook, gets arrested: Some people can be daft sha! Lol. If you have... 
Smart Money with Arese: How to Start Investing in Nigeria: Since I started writing about personal finance for ... 
Enugu lawmakers begin impeachment process against Gov. Chime: Another day, another Gov trying to be impeached.... 
Photos: Annie Idibia steps out in denim shirt dress in Dubai: The beautiful mother of two is currently in Duba... 
You've never experienced anything quite like this: The Bang&amp;Kosher Lifestyle company is proud to present yet  ... 
Boko Haram Members, Women, Children Fleeing Sambisa Forest | Watch Video: Women and children kidnapped by Boko... 
"Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them." - Louis Armstrong: "Musicians don't re... 
This South African Minister of Sports doesn't play! Lol: They've been giving the man grief since he announced ... 
Pep Guardiola faces biggest challenge yet against former club Barcelona: The ESPN FC crew give their take on t... 
So sad! Classic FM OAP Sylvester Ojigbede (Sly) passes away: Popular morning presenter on Classic Fm Sylvester... 
” I Will Kiss Chris Brown”- Yemi Alade Confesses: Yoruba-Ibo Ghen Ghen babe Yemi Eberechi Alade, who just won ... 
You might believe that angels will swoop down to rescue you to... More for Virgo 
Slightly Confusing, Bad Chinese Economic Data Boosts Stock Prices: Trying to read the economic statistics can ... 
Mayweather's Grandma says Pacquaio needs to apologize for talking trash about her Grandson: Bernice Mayweather... 
Army Arrests Man Who Supplies Boko Haram Fuel And Food | PHOTO: A man who specialises in supplying fuel and fo... 
The tactical keys to Chelsea's Premier League-winning campaign: Jose Mourinho lauded his Chelsea players for t... 
Photos: Meet the contestants for Miss AIT 2015: On the 9th of May, Accra Institute of Technology, (not AIT TV ... 
Pics: BBA Huddah Monroe puts her banging bikini body on display: The former BBA star yachting in a sexy pink b... 
7 Steps To Obtain A Promotion: Want a promotion? Then make sure you follow these seven steps. 
Man narrates how police allegedly demanded a N10k bribe from him or be framed for armed robery: A motorist, Ni... 
"The most precious things in speech are pauses" - Ralph Richardson: "The most precious things in speech are pa... 
Frank Edwards And Pastor Oyakhilome’s Daughter In Love Net: There appears to be chemistry between gospel singe... 
Vlisco Unveils 2015 Women’s Month Award Winner: In it resolves to encourage and celebrate outstanding West and... 
Boko Haram survivors recount how some were stoned to death for disobeying the sect members: Some of the female... 
Nicole the Fertile Chick: What The Heck?! Moments: This article is about the priceless WTH moments most TTC wo... 
I went into robbery to pursue my career in football – Suspect: 25 year old armed robber, Emmanuel Enu (picture... 
Davido live on Stage with 50 Cent &amp; Jeremih In Las Vegas: The Nigerian music industry gets bigger everyday wit... 
Manny Pacquiao's Aunt Claims the fight was fixed: Manny's Aunt isn't taking the loss easy, she claims her neph... 
Must See Moments: Chelsea clinch, Foxes climb: Take a look back at all the best moments from around the world ... 
GM Cuts Price On Next-Gen 2016 Chevrolet Volt: Will It Move The Needle?: Chevrolet announced pricing for the r... 
Kim Kardashian shares photos of herself in sexy underwear: Gorgeous Mrs West shared some sultry photos of hers... 
Errandboy Concierge Services helps you move...: Moving to a new home or office is a life experience. The move ... 
Boko Haram: 214 rescued girls pregnant – UNFPA: Following the latest rescue of additional 234 women and childr... 
Osun APC Appeals To Workers Over Non-payment Of Six Months Salary, Blames It On PDP’s Misrule: The All Progres... 
Davido performs on stage with 50 Cents over the weekend in Vegas (Photos): Davido was spotted performing on st... 
Amber Rose attends pool party in Vegas in a Mesh outfit (Photos): Amber Rose partied at the Taz's Angels pool ... 
214 Girls Rescued From Boko Haram Found Pregnant: About 214 of the girls rescued from Islamist sect Boko Haram... 
Must See Moments: MLS week 10: Relive the best moments from week 10 throughout Major League Soccer, highlighte... 
FG &amp; Petrol Marketers Disagree on Outstanding Subsidy Debt | Finance Minister to Meet with Marketers Today: Th... 
'Game Of Thrones' Season 5, Episode 4 Review: Sons Of The Harpy: Finally the HBO adaptation of 'Game of Throne... 
Ford Sees Growing Demand For Natural Gas Vehicles Like F-150: 2016 F-150 pickup with 5.0-liter V8 engine is th... 
Nigerian Army Rescues 260 Women &amp; Children in Adamawa as Boko Haram’s Fuel Supplier is Arrested: The Nigerian ... 
2 gunmen 'carrying explosives' attack anti-Muslim art contest in Texas:  Two gunmen opened fire Sunday evening... 
Are You Spending Your Information-Security Budget On The Wrong Technology?: “Which firewall should I use?” is ... 
Top 15 Countries Investing In India:  
"Nothing is more usual than the sight of old people who yearn for retirement:  and nothing is so rare than tho... 
End -- Don't Mend -- The Fed's Emergency Lending: There’s still a widespread belief that the federal governmen... 
"My main focus in life is to die rich" - Kenneth waters Jr: "My main focus in life is to die rich" - Kenneth w... 
NBA MVP Award: Golden State's Stephen Curry Wins Because He's the Best Player on the Best Team: It's Curry's f... 
Obafemi Martins leads Seattle past NYCFC, SKC beat Chicago: Obafemi Martins scored twice, Clint Dempsey had a ... 
'Game Of Thrones' Season Five Episode Four: The Sons Of Harpy Wreak Havoc: Spoiler alert: Spoilers for season ... 
Is David De Gea ready to extend his Manchester United contract?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley analyses Lukas Podolsk... 
How To Succeed Like PayPal Co-founder Peter Thiel: Six Of His Rules for Business Success: Peter Thiel co-found... 
Sporting Kansas City got a late winner from Paulo Nagamura to beat Chicago: Paulo Nagamura headed in a second-... 
"Last week the candle factory burned down. Everyone just stood around and sang Happy Birthday." - Stephen Wrig... 
HBO Shouldn't Rush 'Game Of Thrones': HBO shouldn't rush 'Game of Thrones' to fit a certain number of seasons. 
Highlights: Sporting KC 1-0 Chicago Fire: Paulo Nagamura's second-half header propelled Sporting KC past Chica... 
Glo Premier League: Giwa Rebounds to the Top, Heartland Thrashed in Owerri: Mixed feelings in Port-Harcourt wh... 
Should Inzaghi be allowed to finish the season as AC Milan's manager?: Milan president Silvio Berlusconi insis... 
Whisper It, Italian Soccer Is On The Way Back And Juventus Is Leading The Way: The road back to the top of Ita... 
PSG move 3 points clear of Lyon after 2-0 win; Monaco maintain UCL place: Paris St. Germain moved three points... 
Fuel now sell for between 130-300 naira per litre: As the fuel scarcity in Nigeria continues, pump price of pe... 
New Music: Modenine | Da Vinci Mode (30 Days Of Mode9 – Day 3): It’s day 3 guys and Lyrical god, Modenine is b... 
Tiger Woods &amp; Lindsey Vonn split after dating for 3 years, release statement: After dating for about three yea... 
Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn split after dating for three years: After dating for about three years, Golf lege... 
"You can't put off being young until you retire." - Philip Larkin: "You can't put off being young until you re... 
WATCH: Terry and Chelsea celebrate title: John Terry and his Chelsea teammates celebrate their Premier League ... 
260 women &amp; children fleeing from Boko Haram members rescued in Adamawa: The Nigerian military says it has res... 
Child found along Lagos-Ibadan expressway presently at Ibafo police station (photo): This boy was found along ... 
Seen Chris Brown's new haircut/hair colour?: From blonde, to rainbow, to jet black and now to whatever that is!  
Talking Points: Chelsea repeat, Liverpool-Man United, Serie A second: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea... 
Senate President, David Mark, Calls PDP An Opposition Party, Also Tells Them To Man-Up: Senate President, Davi... 
Miss Tourism Nigeria, Collete Nwadike releases beautiful new pics: Miss Tourism Nigeria 2014, Collete Nwadike ... 
Small argument over Dencia's nationality ensues on Instagram: Dencia posted a couple of photos on her Instagra... 
In China's Bond Market, Something Worse Than A Default: Failed provincial bond offerings suggest the central g... 
Russians claim royal baby birth was fake 'because Kate Middleton looked too beautiful': Russian readers say it... 
Troops Rescue 260 Women Fleeing From Boko Haram In Adamawa: The Nigeria military has recovered another set of ... 
It's Becoming Clear 'Game of Thrones' Will End At Season Seven: Viewers of HBO’s Game of Thrones may assume th... 
Traditional Ruler Accuses Soldiers Of Killing Over 400 Villagers In Plateau: Traditional ruler of Kumbun commu... 
Yellow Is The New Pink: A Princess In The Age Of The New Feminism: As the world knows, the former Kate Middlet... 
One man dead, 14 police injured in violence at Polish league match: A man died after being hit by a rubber bul... 
PDP Sets Up Post-Election Assessment Committee: PDP press statement below...The National Working Committee (NW... 
Video Teaser: CDQ – Salaro [Prod by Masterkraft]: A short snippet video recording of CDQ’s new official single... 
Senate President Must Emerge From A Process Free From Ethnic, Religious Sentiments – Shehu Sani: With the choi... 
Photos: Actress Uche Nnanna-Maduka &amp; hubby dedicate their son: Actress Uche Nnanna &amp; her husband, Richard Madu... 
Check out a police report by Floyd Mayweather's son making rounds on twitter: 'Haters' at work! Lol. People wh... 
Chelsea won Premier League title in different style to Man City - Pellegrini: Chelsea may have dethroned Manch... 
This video shows women and children fleeing Sambisa Forest: A footage released by the Nigerian military shows ... 
Create Interactive Art That Pulls Us Closer: What if you encountered an interactive art installation when you ... 
New video released by Defence HQ shows Boko Haram members fleeing Sambisa forest:  A  video released by the Ni... 
Photo: Man who supplies fuel &amp; foodstuff to Boko Haram members arrested: The Nigeria military has arrested a m... 
Nigerian University To Raise N800m From Fish Farming: Michael Okpara University of Agriculture, Umudike (MOUAU... 
Photos from NFL player, Osi Umenyiora's sister's wedding: Ijeoma, the beautiful sister of NFL star, Osi  Umeny... 
Reno Omokri slams Governors who have not paid salaries of their state workers: Quite a number of state Governo... 
‘If You Had a Choice to be Rich or Famous Which One Will You Pick?’ Nollywood Actress Chika Ike Asks: To chat ... 
MUSIC : Reminisce Ft Vector – Nothing (#BabaHafusa): Reminisce Ft Vector – Nothing is another hit track from t... 
Vindication for Max Allegri as Juventus claim fourth consecutive Italian title: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reacts ... 
Woman gives birth same day as Kate Middleton for the 2nd time: What are the odds? 35 year old polish national,... 
In Pictures: Huddah Monroe Showing Off Her Banging Bikini Body: Former Big Brother Africa contestant, Huddah M... 
Ekweremadu heads PDP post-election assessment committee: The National Working Committee of the Peoples Democra... 
Prem: Tottenham 0-1 Manchester City: A fantastic finish from Sergio Aguero saw gave Manchester City all three ... 
New Music: Stonebwoy – Sheekena Ft. R2bees (Prod. By Beatz Dakay): Burninton Music Groups drops this new tune ... 
HF – The World Is Late: Up and coming talented Rapper, HF has a new mixtape – TheWorldIsLate. According to HF,... 
Fire guts section of Gamboru market in Maiduguri: A section of Gamboru market in Maiduguri was on Sunday gutte... 
Actor Gideon Okeke shares adorable new photo with daughter: The popular actor welcomed a daughter a few months... 
Champions Chelsea influence Team of the Weekend after league title glory: Eden Hazard's header following a sav... 
New Music: Pryse – Ricochet: Pryse is back with a firey rap track titled “Ricochet” produced by Teck Zilla and... 
MUSIC : Pryse – Ricochet (Prod by Teck Zilla): first lady of Chocolate City, femcee Pryse. The“Eleto” rapper h... 
Dear LIB readers: Is it wise to organize a birthday party for my boyfriend of 5 years?: From a female LIB read... 
Venezuelan TV presenter strips naked during report on Cristiano Ronaldo: Venezuelan model and TV presenter, Yu... 
Brand new video: Zucee - African Lady: Here is the visual to the recently released single and much anticipated... 
Meet the Girl who’s Constantly mistaken for Yvonne Nelson | Photos: This beautiful lady says many people say s... 
A Nigerian couple &amp; an entitled friend. The story that's got Nigerian twitter talking: What would you do as a ... 
Maheeda shares sexy new photos: She likes to take her photos. More after the cut... 
GM Cuts Price On Next-Gen 2016 Chevrolet Volt: Will It Move The Needle?: Chevrolet announced pricing for the r... 
Kylie Jenner tries it with Tamar Braxton: Singer and TV host Tamar Braxton has no chill so Kylie better thread... 
Photos: Popular stylist Prince Uzoegwu puts his eggplant on display: Looks stuffed to me...hehe. But well done!   
Chime relocates to private residence as Enugu Gov’s lodge undergoes renovation: Barely one month to hand over ... 
Jose Mourinho glad Chelsea's title win did not come in 'easier' division: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho said his Pre... 
Veteran Nollywood Actor Peter Bunor Dies @60: One of the children of veteran actor, Peter Bunor; Peter Bunor J... 
Mayweather-Pacquiao And The Death Of Boxing: The match between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao likely sign... 
World Youth Championship-Bound Flying Eagles Touch Down in Germany: Eagles of Nigeria landed in Germany Sunday... 
What is the source to Chelsea's dominance?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley joins SportsCenter to discuss Chelsea's dom... 
Tonto Dikeh puts side-boob on display in new pic: As shared by the actress on instagram. I just zoomed in...lol 
Top Five Biggest Pay-Per-View Draws in UFC History:  
NFL star, Osi Umenyiora &amp; fiancee, Leila Lopez attend his sister's wedding: The couple stepped out looking gor... 
Photos: Mother, three children burnt to death in Jos: A mother, her three children, a relative and a house-hel... 
Man kills woman after dumping her to marry her younger sister: Sounds like something from a Nollywood movie. S... 
Ranking Jose Mourinho's league titles with Chelsea, Porto, Inter, Real Madrid: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusse... 
SA sports minister takes on journalist who asked him how he paid to go watch MayPac: Lol. Drama! Adrian Basson... 
Ice Prince shares new photo with his girlfriend: He's smitten. Lovely couple! 
Real Estate Billionaire Wang Jianlin Is Back On Top As China's Richest Man: Real estate mogul Wang Jianlin is ... 
Prem: Aguero -- Manchester City goal (29'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (29') Tottenham 0-1 Manchester City 
New Music: Zilla x Suté | Elders (Prod. Suté): Zilla comes back again with a fresh new track titled “Elders” t... 
How The May 7 Election Could Break UK, EU And The Global Economy:   As the May 7th British election approaches... 
Borno commends military on rescue of abducted women and children: The Borno Government on Sunday commended the... 
Why I won’t resign – PDP National Secretary, cautions Bode George against divisive politics: Read the press st... 
Fola Daniel Adelesi: Closer To the Dream: Many of us who have been working daily towards our desired dreams ar... 
Chelsea are the Premier League champions: Fittingly, Eden Hazard was the difference as Chelsea clinched the Pr... 
An Interesting, True and Underappreciated Reason Not To Raise The Minimum Wage: The reason we go and study the... 
Aunty Bella: Miss. Second Choice:   Aunty Bella is our agony aunt column on BellaNaija. We launched this colum... 
Decorator catches ghostly doctor on camera while exploring haunted hospital: 21 year old decorator Jamie-Leigh... 
Chelsea are Premier League champions: Eden Hazard's 44th minute goal was enough for Chelsea to clinch the Prem... 
“The Nigerian Music Industry Has Now Brought A Vast Array Of Gifted Liars”- Etcetera Gives Burna Boy A Hard Kn... 
LIB reader Onyx Godwin steps out in distressed jean (photos): Hot fashion from our famous blog reader, Onyx Go... 
What's Next For Floyd Mayweather Jr.?: Floyd Mayweather Jr. is not likely to stop at self-promotion. 
Graphic pics: ISIS throws man from a roof for being gay - then lets mob stone him to death: The horrifying mom... 
"There are always three speeches, for every one you actually gave. The one you practiced, the one you gave, an... 
Saturday Bundesliga goal wrap: A stunning second half overhead kick from Salif Sane boosted Hannover's Bundesl... 
Russian Government Ratifies Huge China Gas Pipeline Deal: Russia's government ratifies historic pipeline deal ... 
4 Ways To Drive Opportunities To Your Company With Executive Branding: Executive branding doesn’t just draw yo... 
Soso Soberekon shows off his win from his Mayweather bet: A lot of people placed a bet on the fight of the dec... 
"I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you" - Ben Folds: "I love you more than I have ever fo... 
Seydou Doumbia on target as Roma go second with win vs. Geona: Roma climbed to second place in the Serie A tab... 
As Petrobras Cuts Back, Brazil Turns To U.S. For Atlantic Drilling Help: Brazil's Energy Minister heads to Hou... 
What the Big Fight Tells Us About Us: Manny Pacquiao was beaten by Floyd Mayweather Jr’s perfect form Saturday... 
Princess Simysola: My Letter to The Dreamer: Either through a flash of inspiration or through long nights of m... 
Rakitic, Busquets and Iniesta providing perfect platform for Barcelona: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps Barcel... 
Sanctions, Wars And Falling Oil Prices No Match For Vladimir Putin: During a ceremony in Moscow, Putin says hi... 
Chelsea out to seal Premier League title: A win for Chelsea against Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Sunda... 
Yes, Germany Should Consider War Debt Gesture To Greece And Save The Euro Too: Greece’s economy is at the brin... 
Tonto Dikeh’s Singing, DJ Cuppy in Forbes &amp; more! WATCH The Gist with Toyosi Phillips Season Finale: It’s the ... 
New Music: Shurboi – Obido: DRKM records presents Thomas Chijindu Fortune, musically acclaimed SHURBOI is a 20... 
What's Next For Floyd Mayweather And Manny Pacquiao?: The richest fight in boxing history is in the books. Wha... 
"Now the thing about having a baby - and I can't be the first person to have noticed this - is that thereafter... 
Royal baby's support sought by PSG after princess is born: In non-football news that was near-impossible to av... 
'Mad Men' Death Watch: Who'll Get Killed Off At Sterling Cooper Walking Dead?: VideoWhat if the producers of T... 
'Mad Men' Death Watch: Who'll Get Killed Off At Sterling Cooper Walking Dead?: VideoWhat if the producers of T... 
Mike Tyson Blasts Mayweather For Comparing Himself To Muhammad Ali: The former Heavyweight champion of the wor... 
"Birth is an experience that demonstrates that life is not merely function and utility, but form and beauty." ... 
Fans go in on Mayweather, call him a scared chicken, says he didn't deserve to win: Just went on Mayweather's ... 
Louis van Gaal says he is not God after Man United defeat to West Brom: Louis van Gaal said he has felt powerl... 
Mr man, where did you say you were again? Lol. See these tweets: He says he's in Vegas but his location says o... 
Photo: Harrysong reconciles with step mother at father's burial: Singer Harrison Tare Okiri, famously known as... 
Excellent News; UK Consumer Borrowing Is Rising: It can be a little odd reading the reporting upon economic ne... 
Amazingly, Maduro Is Going To Make The Venezuelan Economy Even Worse. Yes, Worse: There's a useful point often... 
LG Premium door-in-door refrigerators given top ratings by industry experts: LG Electronics earns top ratings ... 
Here’s your Chance to Study in Top Universities Abroad! Dave Abion Consulting Holds Counselling &amp; One-On-One I... 
Pep Guardiola happy with Bayern Munich despite Leverkusen loss: Pep Guardiola said he was "very satisfied" wit... 
New Music: Halle | Another Day Ft. Patoranking (Prod. By Kukbeat): Halle is making some major moves,  she goes... 
MUSIC : Halle Ft. Patoranking – Another Day: Halle is making some major moves, she goes gangsta on her Kukbeat... 
Strong Team Nigeria With Strong Expectations at IAAF World Relays: Team Nigeria are focused on improving on th... 
Mike Tyson launches attack on Mayweather for comparing himself to Muhammad Ali: Some days to his epic fight wi... 
Busayo Oderinde: Demystifying Food Myths: We all know of one or two myths. Even as adults we explain an occurr... 
Paul Krugman's Fascinating Proof That US Inequality Is Falling: I'm pretty sure that this isn't what Paul Krug... 
This Nigerian says the 8 people executed in Indonesia last week are still alive: This man is on Facebook sayin... 
Pics: 50cents celebrates as he wins his bet on the May vs Pac fight: Rapper 50 Cent bet $1.6million on Floyd M... 
Missing NNPC $20billion: Sanction PWC for deceiving Nigerians, Hon. Adeola tells Buhari: In a press release, T... 
You are anticipating a shift in the emotional dynamics in your... More for Virgo 
Don’t Miss This Unique Opportunity to Meet with The University of Southampton Delegate Here in Lagos!: The Uni... 
Unilever Unveils the New Look of Closeup Toothpaste: Unilever Nigeria PLC, a leading consumer goods company, r... 
Photos from the Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquaio epic fight!: The fight of the decade between America's Floy... 
Happy birthday to Genevieve Nnaji as she turns a year older today: The gorgeous actress is a year older today ... 
Check out the number of private jets at Las Vegas airport due to MayPac: As the world focused on one of the mo... 
"We've put birth in the same category with illness and disease and it's never belonged there. Birth is natural... 
Police Arrest 15 Youths In Kano Over Burning Of Baptist Church: The Kano State Police Command have arrested 15... 
"Poverty is a lot like childbirth - you know it is going to hurt before it happens, but you'll never know how ... 
Beyoncé &amp; Jay-Z, Nicki Minaj &amp; Meek Mill Together at #MayPac Fight: The biggest couples in hip-hop right now, ... 
"The trouble with her is that she lacks the power of conversation but not the power of speech." - George Berna... 
This week on twitter: 59 new followers, 69 new unfollowers  and followed 2 people via 
Stars flood Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight. (Photos): A lot of celebrities flood the Mayweather vs Pacquiao epic... 
Highlights: LA Galaxy 1-1 Colorado Rapids: Alan Gordon proved to be the LA Galaxy's hero yet again as his head... 
"People are giving birth underwater now. They say it's less traumatic for the baby because it's in water. But ... 
Mayweather Stays Undefeated after Mega-Fight Win By UD: Floyd Mayweather defeated Manny Pacquaio by Unanimous ... 
"It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaini... 
#MayPac! Floyd Mayweather remains Undefeated as he wins Manny Pacquiao: In a match for the history books, Floy... 
Revolution breaks NYRB's unbeaten streak, Giovinco stars for Toronto FC: Charlie Davies and Teal Bunbury score... 
"In the sheltered simplicity of the first days after a baby is born, one sees again the magical closed circle,... 
"The worst feature of a new baby is its mother's singing" - Kin Hubbard: "The worst feature of a new baby is i... 
Mayweather vs. Pacquiao Suffers Massive Piracy at the Hands of Twitter's Periscope: Regardless of who wins the... 
Mayweather wins the fight.:  
Deportivo La Coruna in a familiar fight against relegation in La Liga: Deportivo La Coruna named former first-... 
New Music: Mr Hans – Baby Oh (Prod. By VIC): After collaborating with Oriste Femi on “Skimpo“, music sensation... 
'Arrow' Season 3, Episode 21 Review: Bride Of The Demon: 'Arrow's' third season is finally starting to come to... 
'Avengers' Review: 5 Things 'Age Of Ultron' Gets Dead Wrong: The many reasons 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' fails ... 
Mayweather vs. Pacquiao: The Celebrities at Ringside: From Denzel Washington and Robert DeNiro to Bradley Coop... 
"The stages of the Noble Path are: Right View, Right Thought, Right Speech, Right Behavior, Right Livelihood, ... 
"Making the change from poverty to middle class is a 12 round boxing match. but the the change from middle cla... 
A Customer Experience Expert Practice: Know Your Brand's Storyline, Then Set The Scene: The discussion among c... 
Nigeria Clinch Women’s 4x200m Gold in Nassau: Team Nigeria claimed gold medal in a World Leading time in a dra... 
"Only mothers can think of the future-because they give birth to it in their children." - Maxim Gorky: "Only m... 
Barcelona target Ander Herrera and Hector Bellerin in January transfer raid: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Taiwan Stocks To Rebound, Financial Companies Best Picks: Nomura: Taiwan stocks fell on Friday ahead amid worr... 
Sporting KC players hot-dog it in tasty race at baseball game: Dom Dwyer, Graham Zusi and Matt Besler spent a ... 
"Speech is power: speech is to persuade, to convert, to compel" - Ralph Waldo Emerson: "Speech is power: speec... 
"Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow..." - Lawrence Clark Powell: "Write to be understood,... 
Ratan Tata Investment Underscores How Xiaomi Defies Odds: It was only last December when Chinese smartphone se... 
2015 Kentucky Derby Hats:  
Chelsea still need a 'couple of players' in transfer window, says Jose Mourinho: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho... 
25 Manny Pacquiao Numbers To Know Ahead Of His Mayweather Fight: Numbers you need to know for Manny Pacquiao: ... 
Review - 'The Death Of Superman Lives' Proves Nicolas Cage Could Fly: VideoThis weekend, a superhero film hits... 
New Music: Fefe – Make Sense: New tune From Capital Hill Music &amp; the Goretti Company camp is Make sense by Fef... 
Celebrity Watch Dealer Robert Maron Launches Instagram's First "Pop-Up" Watch Shop: The number of watch collec... 
"Natural childbirth has evolved to suit the species, and if mankind chooses to ignore her advice and interfere... 
Olajumoke Awosemo: Your Partner Has a Best Friend: A best friend (BFF) is that one person who is valued above ... 
Ibrahimovic return comes at a good time for PSG: PSG coach Laurent Blanc speaks ahead of his side's Ligue 1 ma... 
New Music: Modenine – Danger Zone: Modenine is currently working on a 30 days campaign project. Some sort of s... 
25 Floyd Mayweather Numbers To Know Ahead Of His Pacquiao Fight: Here are the numbers you need to know about t... 
Photo of the brother of husband of nanny who kidnapped Orekoya kids: This is Akeem, the brother of Waheed, hus... 
Alexandre Lacazette returns Lyon to Ligue 1 summit overnight: Lyon kept their Ligue 1 title bid going while Ev... 
New Video: Awilo Longomba &amp; Psquare – Enemy Solo (BTS): Here is The behind the scenes video for “Enemy Solo” t... 
Actress Mimi Orjiekwe narrates how fuel scarcity exposed her to robbers in Lagos this night: Did she say she w... 
Photos: Mother, three children burnt to death in Jos: A mother, her three children, a relative and a house-hel... 
Dave Goldberg, husband of Facebook COO, Sheryl Sandberg, dies!: Sheryl Sandberg is the Chief Operating Officer... 
Ronaldo's scoring and Casillas' saving leads Real over Sevilla: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer reviews Real Madrid's 3-2 ... 
See photo of the husband of nanny who kidnapped Orekoya boys: Above is Mr Waheed, the husband of the evil nann... 
Knorr Taste Quest is back!!: Knorr, the great taste maker from Unilever Nigeria plc is back with another excit... 
Floyd Mayweather Accused Of Banning Two Female Reporters From Covering Manny Pacquiao Fight: Floyd Mayweather'... 
