goodnight
fmcjfnfnc
<CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD>
@daggeroses is this  a new era
i can't. eve  
n type.
@daggeroses WHEN DID YOU. WHY DID YOU. WHAT.
Jackie and Wilson has been stuck in my head for 6 hours
i can't believe i just heard the words "it's natural to have surgeries" `Whata fs gouSAYAING i hate th karashsiands oh ym god
god i take such shitty photos
they still haven't said much about normans mpd its all about the FUCKING flash drive JUST SMASH IT WHO CARES
am i actually seeing these words 
What is the weirdest thing you've heard somebody say? — "Australia is in London, right??" 
Who or what made you smile today? — jimmy. always ijimy 
What is the craziest thing you have ever done? — i went on a zip line once??? 
What do you spend most of your money on? — concerts 
What would you do with your “15 minutes” of fame? — find out if louis listens to bastille 
What was your favorite TV show when you were a kid? — full house 
Who was the last person whose phone number you added to your contacts? — emlyn 
When do you feel the most comfortable? — my bed gives me the illusion of comfort at least 
Which day of the week do you hate the most? — everyday 
Where do you find new music? — the vampire diaries 
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be? — ignorance 
What is your Song of the week? — Bright Brightbrithgtbeight BRIGHT BY ECHOSMITh its been amonth 
How can you tell that someone is lying? — i could give a science answer but i bet that  no one cares 
What was the best thing you ever found on the street? — money 
im bored .,a nd no one wants to talk to me and my writing level is.  -2000
ive writte.n,,,,,,, 360 words. IN this chapter.    Pathetic.
nice,
sonemeon tlake me to the aquariumwathc how Happy ilgget ill just lookat the fishies i wont bnother you i just wna tot see them theyre sO.
idontwanttomorrowtohappenidontwantomrrowidontwantantyhingiwantfriendsiwwantttalktososnoemnineedtotelleomsenbdoyitdonewantomorrowidontodontod
stab me in the eye
@louistiny glad i could help:)):):)):)
pretty 
CLOOOUUUUUUDSSSS
it will come back by hozier is a Masterpiece
nobody loves the use somebody cover more than me
nYRRLEGIONGOGNNNN 
ok but i crack my knuckles all the time but as soon as someone else does it i cringe so hard why
God I'm dreading tomorrow
louis' ig following list makes me laugh and  cry at the same time it's so typical
p town was a nickname i literally hate them
i just ate 2 slices of pizza i hate myself
i love Brooklyn
the smell of cigarettes is so nauseating!!!!
i just watched someone trip im so pleased
@hedgehoglouis I'm joking in case you didn't know
@hedgehoglouis don't joke about mental disorders emlyn!!!! wtf youre so dumb!!!!!
miscalculations!!!!!
ive been released from the hell they call school
the boys being on the late late show just gives me an excuse to watch my 2nd favourite James
when does he not 
when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is lunch when is luck w
i want to go home so much right now . So much
give me the song harry wrote with kodaline
give me the song louis wrote with good charlotte
i had a dream that i kept having babies but they came in boxes so i had to open them and when i got them out i would sing bright to them
kill me
I'm on the bus
morning
goodnight
i a mmmmmmm Tired
my wall is so ugly i don't even wanna go in my room
knock knock
that was the name of a superhero i made up when i was 10. 
I'm getting back to applesauce again
@changemyIuck yeeess
@birdsnteas thank u
cos weeeeee aarreee oooorrdinaaaarrry peeeeoopplllle
evwrything i do is ugly
im literally so useless 
NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRY IT ALWAYS ENDS UP SHAPED LIKE A TREE 
i love jimmy
remember when someone said kimmel  was better than my jimmy and i blocked her and she seemed shocked like What didcu expect
@babybumpharry you wouldn't :-)
i saw jimmy and piece of shit and got so ready to fight it's unbelievable 
toying somewhere between love and abuse
i hit my dad in the head with a soccer ball
im wearing a shirt that says New York City this is either real dumb or real nyc pride
19 days i miss u 
i need to finish picking out pics for my wall... but No. im outside. o u t s i d e.... . Why
i have money now. but now i dont know what to do with it.
these stupid finance projects are going to give me an anyeurism i literally cannot do them i don't get it and my parents are no help
ive finished my homework sort of
hi
just gonna sit here and watch Friends and think about all the homework im not doing
look at what emlyn drew me yesterday i cried 
i woek up at 7:30 for some reason
morning
goodnight. c
i need to sleep..,.
i have so much hoemwork to do tomrorow
he's so cute
@edsheeran i lvoe you so much not becausebof the video Jsut becausem just because ic love you
itie so likee 2woerd that peopel had livEs before you lvoedd them.
hehs tmy fvaourte peeorosn
mgngif 
@Louis_Tomlinson im kiddingi lvoe u its my birthday
smug asshole ur not even creativr 
when ur rich enough to put sharp and heavy objects on a range rover Probably not carefully at all
lilo is alive and bored and 12
are they not the worst friends 
Long Live The Lemon
why is Louis holding something Yellow
look at my cake 
ochvmy gof 
aOh mg gof 
i am finally home
@heyitskatya you were as well!!! ha thanks so much love you too!'!'!'!'  :)
bring this hair back it gave me the best chest pains of my life 
pretty soon you'll be floating away
how can anyone say anything other than curly swirl 
I'm 17

it was still a pretty great day so im not complaining
im so glad it was foggy and humid and gross on my birthday! ha
@eighteensheeran thaaaaanaks !!!:) i still have ur gift so we have to meet up soon
@ebullientlwt thank you!
@RainbowJizz_ you have wow
i still don't know how Cat managed to pick the single scent of lotion that i would only ever used and have ever liked
im so tired and all i can think about is how much homework i have
fuck off its mine 
remind me to never again take the subway anywhere ever on the weekends this is a fucking mess i hate this city
lost in Manhattan on my birthday alone with 30% battery life and a bad knee
I'm lost
@Real_Liam_Payne @robdyrdek MY R HERORO
MYNY  FNWPEBDVAOS TPEOEPLLE 
are you kidding me 
best pals on my bday @ Roosevelt Island 
thnx 
@shoulderbite thank youu!!!!
@stilinskislouis THANK YOU love youuu:)
why 
why 
loterslly why 
@Louis_Tomlinson take a page from your hero's book and come to Dylan's Candy Bar in NYC 
@Harry_Styles wish me happy birthday
@Harry_Styles YOU'RE SO MAJESTIC
harrys hair makes me happy and i dont understand science
oh gof 
i can't believe a teen beach movie song is stuck in my head
i just remembered that todays my cats birthday too. .,. .
@fourhoes thank youu!!!
@lightupliam oh
@lightupliam spoiler alert
@prettyboylouis THANK YOU MARIAA
@ryanisnotokay oh shut it thanks so much:)
@slytherinlouis thank you,!!!
@menswearblack here. we. go again
time to walk in a circle!
one wrong turn in the subway and ur 6 blocks and an ave off trajectory i hate this city
it's here
where this damn train at
@menswearblack 
what is this disgusting mess of a tweet
it's so humid my hair is going to frizz and I'm going to cry
me at the worst times 
@85lwt thank you!!
and of course its raining
my fav humans in black and white how nice 
@hallucin_ate thank you so much:)))
@killerkordei thank you so much jaime i love youuu lots
@changemyIuck THANK YOU ELLIE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
@canloveagain thank youuuuu!!!!:)
@adidasIilo aha they won't but thank you so much :)
@tourseason thank you jamie!!:)))))
@Louis_Tomlinson do it
happy bday to me:) 
never mind
@nicetattou THANKS SO MUCH!!
surprisingly, neither my knee nor hip hurts
@tattoospouses thanks so much :)
too many bday tweets but thankcu sk much i fu tweeted me while j was sleeping
wow good morning
Goodnight
@IiIouandstitch thaaanks kath:)
@menswearblack I MISS YOU TOO ILL SEE YOU SOON THANK YOU
first sleep as a 17 year old
anyway i am now 17
me n skye 
@lightupliam IT WAS A NERVOUS HABIT SHUt uo i feel bad for doing jt
hey . @Louis_Tomlinson today is my 17th birthday... if you could swing me a follow that'd be rad..... :) im kididng jsut fcking doit
@lightupliam im not sorry
tru im hilariojs 
arw yu kudidng me 
@zynlouis it's not even midnight there you FUCKer
ok the most tru 
tru 
tru 
@zynlouis i cant even rt
@moonlightlouis thaaaannkk you:)))))) drink 4 me
@lightupliam I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
@RainbowJizz_ I LOVE YOUU:)))

im not ready for all these notifs they scare me
ITS MY birthday
I'M ONLY 17 I LOVE GREEN BEANS YYYEESSS IC AN SAy itTTTTTT I M 17@74757%
is every1 ready
@zynlouis what kind kf monster are you
louis' nose in that /one/ photoshoot u know what im talkng about
skye can't be mean to me tomorrow:)
@zynlouis u r my life

@zynlouis i want to be mad but this is so  funny

when will skye let chouis go
is this not me 
i wanna make my stars glow in the dark but someonell probs get mad theyre all sleeping
i have that ball 
20 mins :/
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO SLEEP everythingb hurts
my fucking knee hurts more than my hip what the fuck
of course i limp into the kitchen and there's a fucking bug on the countertop
i should've known it was the co1d shoulder article
are you fucking joking 
i like where this is going 
im not gonna make it to midnight ha
Forty Minutes.
11:11 August 5th
@zynlouis @hedgehoglouis she wanna fight
One Hour.
crap on toast
every fucking time 
great im supposed to walk around Manhattan tomorrow:) limping:) on my birthday:) in pain:)
gonna watch other people getting injured on ridiculousness to try and distract myself from the pain
im glad my mother knows what to do in time of crisis #gotice 
@chakralouis srttoopp itt wnebtfjc
i fell in dance and now I'm injured
guys i am an injured party
i want u to read this tweet and i want you to know that it's raining from my eyes like a fucking hurricane 
oh gof 
@hedgehoglouis you're not from new York
Coughy's Coffee Shop
oh gof 
oh gof 
nevermind it isnt plastic
@chakralouis don't know if you know this, but if you did that.... i would never be able to stop crying from joy
i just put all my food on a plastic plate and then i realised i had to put it in the microwave Why
look at this ebautufl tweet im so HAp 
ok time to watch American dad until i have to leave for dance
12 year old me would hate me now but thats okay because i hate 12 year old me
i can't believe i went through most of my life hating Taylor swift and now when i get home I'm gonna download all her albums Who Am I
why does reading sad angst feel so  GOOD whags shallynjgn why
right now came on shuffle and i forgot Louis started it and i almost dropped my phone Cool
I GOT MY HAIR UP WITH A STARBUCKS STOPPER AGAIN HA
but tomorrows my birthday and im going to the city with a friend and hopefully another and Hopefully ill see Cat again
so ill b home and at dance for the rest of the day which is bullshit
brooo im out of school and its friday and it's fucking beautiful out and im on my way home
@fireprooflouis nothing lol i started a hashtagm or tried to anyway. it seemed to have worked
@fireprooflouis :-)
there are actual tears in my eyes
i can't believe the bous wee ln jimmy oi mcfhing kn class
i literally made that shit happen don't even think for a second that i wasn't RESPONSIBLE for this event
the only thing that can keep me alive at this point would be a repeat of #1DonFallon
i hate trig i hate hate hate hate hate hate trig
I'm going to attempt to write something postable by Sunday,    hopefully.
i am so. So tired. sosososo tired iccant believe this
this tweet right here is the literal fucking dream I'm tearing up 
do you think they make marauder's map backpacks
my birthdays tomorrow and im less excited than i was 5 days Ago
How to save a life came on shuffle im wounded
why is it foggy
lol jason sudeikis started snl right after jimmy left Nice
@lookingoodlads thanks so much
i need to find liams green bean tweet for tomorrow
I'm literally honestly dead I'm so don't i hate school i Hate life i hate this stupid ass sun i hate this time I'm Done
morning
goodnight //,,
dingo ate my baby crazy!
rise and shine Sammy
I'm watching Mystery Spot
i havent watched american dad all day :(
it's hip to be square @ New Hyde Park, New York 
@harryandwhales i actually don't remember that and this is why i suck
my heart swelled as the song started lol im so afraid to hear it again on spn fuck
@harryandwhales it's too important
CARRY ON MY WAYWARS SON CMA EON INT HE DINER FJXKC
@louisniaII yeah i hardly have that i see this one girl 3 times a day and claims she's my best friend
hockey is on in this diner what a pleasant surprise
@loueh_oi_oi he's releasing old eps on itunes as one big thing
breakfast for dinner is what i live for let's do this
SOMEONE NEW IS PLAYKNG ION THE RADIO I FUCKCING LVOE THIS STATION
and i thought i didn't know how to read
when the radio says ed is releasing an album next week and you flip out but realise no one knows how to read an u already knew about this
Within The Fragile Substance Of My Soul
we listened to 1d the whole way to the doctor lets hope this trend continues on the way back home
why is there no signal here how do people live
broken crown by Mumford is my new favourite song im about to cry
my sister just asked me why i look so nice to go to the doctor when i literally think i look like trash So that says a lot
one time i wore sunglasses inside and skye called me a douchebag
@skinsharry 
wow imagine who you kiss defined ur sexuality the world would be a mess!!!
cant wait to show her ed kissing that man on TV and telling her about how not gay he is!!! omg it wont add up!!!
NT HIM TO BE GAY???? i was like ... i just want him ... to be .. happy .. And she seemed personally offended by my response
my sister started yelling that harry was gay when i put on james to watch kodaline and said they kissed like she started screaming DONT U WA
on todays episode of things that will get me through the day 
haha remember blame niall
Blame Liam For Everything
its still stressing me out does zayn Actually think he was being attacked like does he actually was that tweet even real
my favourite thing is when my teacher gives me a grade for something i havent even handed in yet!! love it!!
my aunts puppy is barking
I GET TO SEE THIS FOR AN ENTIRE MONTH?????? 
i got a closer look and they performed at Terminal 5 and that says a lot about the person in front of me I think
what band is this 
ed in 2012: :+)     ed now: :×)
@harryandwhales :+)
remember when harry tweeted them i nearly cried
if theres anything im proud of is finding parachute on my own and sticking with them they're the absolute best and all mine
@eighteensheeran you've always been so clever
ive seen both of them since then im so grateful
t person is the best and i still dont fucking remember who they are i need to find them
one day in 2013 i asked for song suggestions and i remember this person told me Halycon by the Paper Kites and something by Kodaline and tha
God i love the start of Way back when its so cool and casual i love kodaline fucking genius best
ok something great is my fav harry song and clouds is my fav louis song lets do that
i don't care how much i say i love Clouds something great is still the best
my blind/deaf au is nearly to 10k hits and dad fic is well on its way to 13k Does this qualify as famous
im on the bus i can finally take night changes off loop
i keep replaying the song so im just  put it on a loop to save myself some effort
oh my God i can hear niall
in the last chorus of night changes acoustic you can really hear all of them and it's so great
wheres the fucking bus:)
cLOOOOUUUUDSS CAME ON SHUFFLE
im on my waay hooome!!!!
secret to new york by we the kings saved me
can you believe that this teacher thought i was a senior until last week
3 years later liam has yet to dm me back
11:11 August 5th
i want to hear the song that harry wrote with kodaline  
@lateIyharry it really is
@Harry_Styles why did you tweet this
keep the change u filthy animal 
i don't want to read Death of a salesman I'd rather dig a very deep hole in the middle of nowhere
@Louis_Tomlinson hey my birthday is on Saturday, if you could take a page from Harry's best selling book I'd really appreciate it
@handontummy were u on drugs when u commented on my fic
when will i get to live!!!!!!
i cant believe how beautiful it is outside and im stuck in this gross building Wasting time i hate this
@hedgehoglouis i love u too
if you think about it really carefully this is all Liam's fault lol
@hedgehoglouis i should block you but i thought it as i was typing it
@hedgehoglouis no move to Russia i don't need this i don't need u
@hedgehoglouis literally take your ass 5 million steps away from me and draw a line on the floor in front of you and never cross it
i just took an entire take home test in the bathroom amazing
@lightupliam cool
i just listened to The man all the way through for the first time and man that was personal
@lightupliam y didn't u tell me???????
also today is my first real best friends birthday Happy birthday Kayla:) @aIohanjh
anyway I'm tired as shit i have no idea what I'm saying and i need to come up with a way to get out of this test so goodbye
louis may not have said anything in the situation but he said something at some point somehow U don't just turn on someone like that
God what did he DO to you that got U all twisted 
he probably stutters too but that's another story
louis must say really vicious unfiltered things when he's yelling and angry at someone in person
i really wanna know what was said that caused this  tension between those 2 its like zayn was  waiting fkr an opportunity to say something
i didn't do any of my homework and i just remembered i was supposed to do a take home test:)))))
well this has been easily a really shitty morning
I'd like to go back to sleep but only in a perfect world could that happen
i wake up to see that zayn is out of his mind
goodnight
@dorkylou IT WASNT YOU
@talktetris write about how great louis is
ive lstmjerngj;erng;j
when was the last time i made a new friend i honestly cannot remember
In three words, how would you describe your best friend? — 1) what,,  2) best ...... 3) friend 
im not making brownies im too lazy
so Operation pull my shit together and get better grades this last marking period has absolutely failed in every way possible im a disgrace
hi
Shower. dinner/homework/American dad . make Brownies. spn. sleep      Here We Go
there's help wanted at this bakery i should apply so i can be Harry
@nicetattou i haven't even opened the picture but i know it's jimmy
i think u and the moon and Neptune got it right
Can people around me stop singing blurryface i literally dont want to hear it here now later or ever
i walk into the locker room and i faintly hear wmyb    ...... Why
yeah i just slept my entire free period Good good good
asshole u aint tough 
@Harry_Styles did he cry
Louis' beckham situation always makes me laugh He doesnt meet him when his bandmates do He doesnt get a follow back lol The Fan Life
if i had a walk in closet im not sure id have the patience to hang everything neatly itd just be one mound of clothes
where does louis even keep all these clothes hes worn something different every day of the year for the last 3 yrs at least where do they go
its too early for harry/kodaline stress
oh god oh god oh god 
morning
goodnfht
:( 
it's in this part 
"you have ALS" "what the ice bucket thing?"

here is the less than satisfying part 2 
aw its will andersons birthday
im listening to bet my life and just remembered dane dehaan is in the music video and now i wanna watch kill your darlings
in class i was like 'Coldplay is so legendary man" and this girl looks at me and goes ".. you are so white" Funniest moment of my life
this kid is literally pouting because the teacher is making him do a double pirouette Ur literally 14 years old grow up and turn
i closed out the stock market game at # 1 again today:)))))
this hair tie is too tight on my wrist
@zynlouis and you're letting me edit ur fic lol
i literally want to take it back but I can't let my bias effect my initial reaction fuck
its little mix im so mad
'i tried to eat today but the lump in my throat got in the way'
wow i just heard a really good lyric im in shock
"are you Mexican or something" "YES QUE PASA USTED???" conversations between children are golden
today's exactly some number of months since i saw the 1975 i miss it but i also don't so there's that
every time i listen to 5sos i get that much more angry that they're such douchebags because their music is so good :/
@killerkordei smile:( i love you
BE MY FOREVER BY CHRISTINA PERRI AND ED IS SUCH A LOOP TUNE
i wrote something exactly like this in my fic by accident 
how does dad fic gain hits so fast????? I'm so angry?????
yeah I'll pass 
what do incestuous rabbits have to do with math??????
everyone thinks this kid is so smart but he literally googles the answers to everything in the middle of class
there's nothing i hate more than when people lump all celebrities into one 'famous people' group like they're all one giant horrible person
this day is literally never going to end i can feel it now
i got another jolly rancher today i love being #1
why talk about the all powerful ever inspiring incredibly brilliant j.k rowling on the radio if you cant pronounce her name ... :)
if anyone got pregnant on the night of Metlife ..... congratulations
7am is too early for shut up and dance
morning
goodnight
i wanna see san andreas i love seeing natrually occurring mass destruction what is wrong with me
@lousthighburn yeah that was pretty much the collective class response
i wanna see poltergeist bad
my earth science teacher said that his clam sauce was a borderline sexual experience
im so offended by the content of this tweet 
louis wouldn't fist bump liam for inflating his ball he'd throw the ball at his face
ive have this cough for nearly 3 weeks now Why
i wonder if the certain things i tell certain people is considered my back story
when you watch the pacifier 3 days in a row and then watch bates motel
@laneboyIwt I WAS JOKING DO YOUR HOMEWORK
@harryandwhales yeah thats the problem:/ i hate tuesdays:/ and every other day this week:/
GOD THEY CASTED DYLANS DAD/UNCLE SO WELL??? I WASNT LOOKING AT THE TV AND I THOUGHT IT WAS HIM???
im clearly more important
this is literally the most offensive tweet ive ever read about me 
when is norman gonna go all crazy and kill people talk about his mpd do something enough with this fucking flash drive im done
@harryandwhales today was supposed to be a good day :(
@harryandwhales IMltierall y goignt to cry
can u believe it took me 3 weeks to figure out who this guy on bates motel was Because its been TAHT long since i watched desperate housewiv
should i write or should i delete my ao3 and all my google docs and forget that i ever existed
why did they bring back this annoying Girl why i tthought she WAS dead kil her
i should probably watch bates motel on an actual Monday for once here we go
@nicetattou dont. DOnt. Supernatural, Don t consider antyhig esle
how the tables have turned
@Louis_Tomlinson this tweet ruined me
ok nevermind
not that any1 will need me but if u do ill b watching aemerican dad bye
@styIes89 thanks for the caps you made my head sing it
who fell
he looks asleep 
i remember the day the first trenchcoat pic came out i was in school and started whimpering in the halllwy m friend was so mad
im literaly so mad 
@loutreehill no this one is 
I'm glad I'm not friends with Louis I'm too sensitive 4 for the merciless attacks
niall when he discovered the hat 
I'M #1 IN THE STOCK MARKET GAME AGAIN SUCK IT SENIORS
I FOUND OUT WHY
my shorts have never been this short before this is wild
I'm at Burger Louis
@Louis_Tomlinson 
@changemyIuck i lovr u
Sail c ame on pandora Co o o oo ooO ooO oL
it rained at my tmh concert and that's all i remember of that night other than wheatus was there
i literally can't believe it's 82 degrees
ull always B my thunder <CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD><CLOUD>
i don't have a lot of homework either so i can just settle down and do some writing :)
someone wrote the first hysterical literature au  The world is changing
i wish i didn't live so far away from my school:/
well I'm not getting home any time soon
why are there cops everywhere this really isn't very assuring
make people stop reading dad fic:/
ZOUIS FIX EXCHANGE ASSIGNMENT AND A COMMENT ON DAD FIC ALL IN ONE DAY SOMEONE'S TRYING TO KILL ME
"why does she have to by bi why can't she pick a side" yes thank you that's exactly the mentality you should have in public Thanks so much
i now begin my treacherous journey home
i got my jolly rancher for being first place in the stock game on Friday:)
my trig teacher isn't here thank u
i read the synopsis of the book Louis was reading and if he actually opened it and read it i am very proud
i still cant believe 1d sang only girl in the world
the RAIN in SPAIN stays MAINLY in the PLAINS
mine by taylor swift is so FIC PROVOKING fffff ive had the idea for MONTHS but ive not got around to it im annoyed
eh it's decent
on shit lets see what i wrote last night when i was half asleep i hope its good
@Louis_Tomlinson im gonna keep u in my pocket ive beeb saying it sinxe 2012 but jm serious this tjme
louis wore VANS what is THIS he back
FUCKING PHOTOGRAPH NO MOM ITS TOO EARLY pleas e
aha i dont want to gogh to school
id dotnw ant to sgogh to CHCOK
so Louis reads now that's nice
he looks like he's wearing eyeliner in the 2nd one thank u
skye saw ed last night
@lightupliam :/
i hate the general population they make me so angry
do they not know how annoying they're being like if he doesn't stop can u stop like ur SO naoyiyng kd pucnh them 
thank god 
@lightupliam am i also coming
good morning where r the louis pics and what book pls tell me
anyway goodnight:))
can u believe there are people seeing ed at this very moment and I'm not one of them that is so saddening
i was on A WRITING flow and i probably lost it now :/
monday tomorrow is monday
my phone is fully charged and i am warm time to go to Sleep before i remember what tomorrow is
my best tweet
if anyone was wondering skye is currently dying : via Skye
wow i got 7 minutes before my mom made me turn it off thats gotta b a record
ok back to american dad and pretending to write
i cant b elieve theres a baby puppy right upstairs from me and Its just up there being cute and shitand im not there how sad is that
technically shouldnt this be baby's not babies now im mad
i don't mind abbreviations and jokes but people who literally use slang as if it's proper English really get on my nerves
there's nothing i hate more than slang, probably
maybe she's just tryna test me
my sister was just genuinely panicking bc i told her Atticus Finch dies
this is so true im so mad 
-makes list of episodes of shows i need to rewatch
Vincent and the Doctor
that episode of doctor who made me love van gogh
i love van gogh before it was mainstream to love van gogh whci. when was that when did that start i didnt know about it
@tinyankle THE SECOND ONE VAN GOGH
im gonna restart my tradition of watching mystery spot every tuesday
rise and shine sammy
it was the heeaaatt of the moment
what does the height on louis' drivers license say bc i made myself an inch taller on mine
lol i was dming a bunch of people for kid names and the responses were great i love the ppl i follow
i found a name for 2nd dad fic louis' kid its gonna b good i hope
i watched a lot of american dad things are better now
hello
so do i watch american dad or listen to kodaline and contemplate life
hey in case any of you didn't know I lovr jimmy fallon    a whoooooolle lot :-)
@tinyankle unfortunately it's all I'm good at but I promise to make up for it with a happier part 2:-)
this is very abstract and i really like it i am wowd 
i really can't wait til Metlife
my aunt is giving me money for my birthday to buy myself a ticket to see Ed and Barclays :)
when will louis come back from the dead
let's pretend i took this for the sake of my authentic new yorker aesthetic @ Brooklyn Bridge 
i want 2 do something with my best friend but alas. i don't have one of those.
i have a headache :( i shouldn't have napped at 1pm
my cousins have a new puppy and it's really cute and im really sad
louis represents me and the clothespins represent my life 
i just finished my homework and i am shocked that i actually did it wow who am i
is this real , you know what i don't wanna know 
if u haven't read To live in the moon with you You're literally missing out
I'm so mad that i like this... So much self anger 
pretends i don't have homework and watches Friends all day again
morning
goodnight <CLOUD>

niall taking a nap and waking up during early hours for the fight reminds me of when songs are released at some odd hour for non GMT fans
it's so odd to me that there are people who have never seen Nuts 4 Nuts or Central Park or Times Square or Naked Cowboy or a subway like????

my text tone is still No fooking way
Friends is so good  fffff
@babybumpharry 
im just finding out today that friends takes place in the village i am Blind
wooahh Hold on 
of all of taylor swifts old songs i will never stop singing the story of us
very nice. 
i was looking through my phone screenshots and they're all either from fics or something skye sent me
がんばります!
how do things like this happen 
louis teaching liam to dirty talk when niall walks in
joey teaching ross to dirty talk when chandler walks in
i love this tweet because it involves feline louis AND the back of louis' head i love it it's great 
i wanna go to an aquarium:(
today is 17 years since the battle of Hogwarts did you know
my sister made me turn off dark skies and she put on friends but I'm not complaining
I'm watching dark skies again Why do i do this to myself
an entire episode of ridiculousness with categories dedicated to the word Bro i love it
he's so. So ahppy this is so great 
i will see hozier at radio city mark my words
@zynlouis my mom said we will not harbor a fugitive
lok oaAT THIS IM SO LATE NUBT LOOK A TTHIA i found my new fav thign 
@zynlouis what would happen 2 me if tried to get there this is literlaly a warning
it's 1pm and I'm considering having breakfast
the more i try to get to you The more we crash apart
i dedicate bumper cars to Louis and harry bc literally every time i got close to meeting them they ended up the place i just walked away frm
u and me we're bumper carssss
this is the day his hair looked like cat ears 
one week from today I'll be 17:)
i posted a new thing 
it's been 3 days i am sort of alive again
hello
goodnight
wtf 
uptown fook you up
@eighteensheeran thatd be a fucking dream But i have faith in him to make it better than best even without them all im so excited i miss him
@eighteensheeran YES
@eighteensheeran definitely you have to , also i have to see you soon I'm determined to give you your bday gift
@eighteensheeran ohhh man they were so great the crowd was great im so sad you missed it they sang like every good best song too
@eighteensheeran yes because you're awesome and fun
chris farleys brother is on this episode of hawaii five o I called it the moment i saw him and it is i thought it was him for a second
@lookingoodlads catwalk i think to be honest higher numbers usually but depends on the row probably
@wourship yeah she's just taking a break she said I'm sure it's for the best
thats your fooking job you fooking loser
98 days.
idk why someone found this but it's still true i started writing a list today of all the shows ive seen
i just followed blurrypicsofjamespsullivan and blurrypicsofmikewazowski on tumblr i never knew i needed this
soon soon 
exactly 365 days later ill be in my happy place again
i want metlife to come but i dont cos then its gonna be over.. Agaib
a beautiful thing 
i sent skye 200 messages then when she answered i said bye
2 AV 
my baby in the pinstripes i mfxv 
oh wow its incredibly nice out and im stuck in dance until 7pm Fuck my life

wow imagine 16/17 year olds knowing how many letters are in the English alphabet....
this tweet really hits home 
@prettyboylouis WONDERWALLLLLL
i hate school someone save me
@harryandwhales don't call me a dummy
@harryandwhales literally the closest one 
funny story #HowIBecameAFan My friend came into class yelling at me about some 'harry e styles' and then made me watch the wmyb video Sigh
i just saw a drawing of a zebra with the head of a rabbit and the legs of a frog
i can't believe nick grimshaw has had the same twitter icon since 2012
is there a song called Body Clock there should be
i like the connotation 'Oasis-y' gives im very excited
the stock market has been good to me and my Finance grade lately
i just tripped
i went to the store now my pockets really full
i fucking live in NYC and it's spring and I'm trapped in a building for 8 hours on a daily basis what the fuck
NICE WEATHER DOING THINGS I'M SO ANGRY RIGHT NOW THIS IS SO UNFAIR
OKAY LITERALLY BEING IN SCHOOL SUCKS YOU'RE TRAPPED INSIDE ALL DAY NO CONTACT W THE OUTSIDE WORLD MEANWHILE EVERYONE'S BUSTLING ABOUT IN THE
wow it's so nice out
i should go to school now maybe possibly
i dont have t be in school for 40 minutes still Lifes good
THIS SHOW IS SO MESSED UP I LOVE IT
im just gonna watch american dad until i have to go to school yep
im in dunkin donuts Fight me
i bet harry types ... while he's thinking about what to say next
l...eG    o ,, !!!  H  o. u  ,,,, S?? e %%%%
i had a dream that i got out of school early and that was literally the entire dream Me leaving school while it was still morning
morning
ggnoognidhtttt
jgnfjsdfijnvjisdf
my dad just woke up asked me if it was tuesday and went back to sleep
What is your favorite thrill ride? — NITRO AT SIX FLAGS HANDS DOWN 
back to writing Back to WRITING my sad gibberish HAHAha!! :D
what am i ever saying
that stupid dont tell em song the begining soudns Like 'living on the beach'"
@liIbab beutotulf
oh my god im trying to follow people and literally every other person has that Exact same 1 louis icon
i . keep . coughing .
oh cool im missing bates motel just like i fucking miss every single show ALL THE TIME
@nicetattou YEAH IT IS
ive been trying to keep a diary on my phone but its literally just become whatever lyrics are in my head at the moment i get the notfication
i need 2 listen to clouds
Sorry 2 every one
my mom is mad at every1 n me now bc i didnt do the dishes whcih was 3plates and some cups
@nicetattou u follow my baby im so proud
"i love will ferry"
this si soxfucmny fufkv 
can u believe that there's a tumblr w the url jimmytfallon and is a 1d blog
my favourite song 
whenever i search 'Metlife' all that comes up is annoying accounts and 5sos accounts and annoying 5sos accounts
WE'RE IN DOUBLE DIGITS FOR METLIFE
@hedgehoglouis watch them cancel the concert just for the promo performance
@lookingoodlads ask answers Thats a good paradox
i honestly do not understand how i have to PUT things off because i cant finish everything in one nihgt??/ why do i do this to myselfk&gt;&gt;&gt;???
why is it that im always behind on homework Why how do i not have enough time to do all my homework when i literally sit for hours doing it
why is it called On the road Again if they literally never got off the road  .   Welcome to the 2015 Still on the Road tour
@Louis_Tomlinson and will you write stories about the journeys that you made
@Louis_Tomlinson and if you find gold will you throw it away
@Louis_Tomlinson are you riding on waves , walking on sand , digging in caves to find the treasures of the land ????
I'll be WAITING waiting in a brand new day
i literally paused my tv that night to take this
it's just so nice 
i have a thing for the backs of heads specifically louiS""""' Hm 
songs are always 100x better after you've heard them live
kanye are you venturing into the fashion industry
@louisniaII she did
So  Much.  ,Homework
wonderflu 
can u believe i got fucked out of 3 bday gifts cos the people i used to be friends with never sent them and never will lol
why won't my right shoelaces stay double knotted:/
i wanna write an In Time au based on millionaires by the script:(
CLOOOOOOOOUUUUDDSSSS yay
beautiful 
I'M OUT I'm on my waaaauyy hooommee
i love math class where we talk about gambling and not Math
one more class then I'm free for the day:)
now that's just goddamn cruel 
it's becoming increasingly difficult to stay awake this morning
'yaaaaaaaaay' 
should i read the lirry dragon fic or the fallen star Louis one hm
my mom just put on I will survie wheres ahRy
id been reading Relief next to me because God knows why and ive reached the 30k chapter and i just cant bring myself to continue
tonights gonna hit double digits til metlife and im going to leap 4 joy
why is it Monday
I'm literally laying under my covers waiting- as i was typing this my mom came over and told me to get up nice No
my birthday is in less then 2 weeks i think
@Louis_Tomlinson follow me find me say something funny do anything
i don't wanna get up
morning
lov u 
goodnight
groans viciously
mmmnnbggh
@Louis_Tomlinson chop chop
@changemyIuck 
u wanna fight 
its still so weird to me that people wait so long and get excited and stuf to come to where i literally live have always lived blows my mind
@peterparkerslou make sure you stop by my house
i can't believe i have new clothes and i can't even wear them
cloooooooooouuuuudddss ooohoooohohhhohhh cloooouUUdddssss 
impaled on a lamppost
@IiIouandstitch @wourship it's u they add up 2
i can confirm 
@babybumpharry I'm so sorry for tainting your marketing plan
@cloudsrogue OKAY 
i haven't listened to Clouds in so long literally i am a disgrace
@babybumpharry stop being so relatable
once again me me me 
100 days till Metlife i can't believe my eyeballs
NEW EPISODES OF AMERICAN DAD MIGHT BE IN NETFLIX SOON THIS IS THE BEST NEWS OF THE DAY
@IiIouandstitch ah yes the essence of my soul. I'll go back one day. for a special occasion
@IiIouandstitch i miss it too sometimes tbh
why am i yelling
LIKE AUTUMN LEAVES
this is me all over 
tvd is so Annoying ffffffff
@zynlouis i didn't even read your message
cinnamon things are so good
u know love will set u free
eats jell-o morbidly
can't wait for all the sleeping im not gonna be doing in school tomorrow because everyday i get That much more uncomfortable at my desks
this book is horrible i want to burn it
i have so much homework what the fuck
time is the swiftest of all things
i finally drove after weeks of whining
@harryandwhales hold it close and drive fast
why doesn't anyone know how cool this is it's so underappreciated 
whisper whisper
me and skye and el have a secret
liam is hallucinating
@Real_Liam_Payne ok bro go to sleep for real
today is good/:))
i have so much new stuff now More than my sisters:)
socks with piñatas on them
@harryandwhales life is a highway
the only time me and niall are one 
Tip Toes Tomlinson 
I'm ACTUALLY shopping for real who am i
they were so good i was so happy 
im glad i did i wouldnt have been able to see shit otherwisr
i can't believe i sat on the floor for the entire 4 hours of before and during the concert lol
oh great we're going shopping which means im gonna be ignored while my sisters whine about everything and get everything they want
are they ever gonna let me drive they keep saying yes i keep asking they keep not letting me when am i supposed to learn
i love Jimmy Fallon
@styleslaurent nightwideopen!!
jimmy has done stand up at this college im nkt crying hr cryring i mcrhing .y babbyyb
I'm going to another college open house sigh
incredible
kodaline was so good last night
morning

"how's that Psych 101 class going"
"oh it's only day 3 but i understand how the whole world works now"
i had a dream that my phone folded in half
@eighteensheeran are you going tonight??
i listen to bright 6 times a day
@hallucin_ate THSIS IS MY SOSNNGG
i just remembered im seeing kodaline tonight brilliant
everything is. Morning and weird
hello
ok i need to ?&gt;..... Deactivaete Bye
i literally give up 
ive made the executive decision to not do my homework
hello
things and things but i just got out of school and now i have work so i am passing in and out hi and bye
@bigbadtatts happy happy birthday!!!! :)
all of those photos hurt me so bad it's 7am
dnogh 
brroklun 
stop touchung ur boobies 
Nog?!' 
soTp??? 
plwase stop 
I'm already dead hold your fire 
I'm being shot at 
no more 
stop this 
I'm so sad 
morning
ok whatever goodnight
lone
i can't find a picture of ed and jimmy hugging send help
i cannot stop coughing and it is making me very very frustrated and sad
who started this 4 pic thing and why is what i wanna know
@properfond AHUTUP U CONPALING UR JUST AS CUTR
im 2 weeks behinf on spn Cool
everyones getting mad at me becuase im coughing like iM doing it on purpose im literally in pain whu wouldi keep doing this
ive been coughing nonstop for two days i feel like ripping my throat out
never read gullivers travels its so horrible i literally want to cry i cant believe the time im going to waste on this book
@nicetattou z
my dad made me 3 hot dogs i am so sad just looking at them
why isnt the big time more popular theyre actually good
my dad just asked me if i want McDonald's I'm actually kind of offended
i feel so bad for ever making fun of liam and when he like thought japan was always hot and stuff That was terrifying i am so sorry
IK AHVING A LIAM MKMENT I DONT LIKE IT IM SO COFNJSD AND SCARED
louis' caption isnt evevn a sentence
u kknow hes on this tipy toes if hes resting on Nialls head
niall is still wearing that paperboy hat
gFG 
runs 45 miles per hour to get an itunes gift card 
everything i say has so much potential until it comes out of my mouth How sad
i want a segway
im watching American dad i hope that no one who reads this is shocked
I LOVE THUNDERSTORMS I'M SO SO HAPPY TODAY IS SO GREAT
i am drinking strawberry milk after 92 years
today might actually turn out okay
@lookingoodlads Gillette
I'm hoping and praying that when Ed starts singing thinking out loud at the concert i don't groan because the radio ruined it
i am officially signed up for the zouis fic exchange
(you don't know real pain until you've been nailed in the gut with a lacrosse ball)
the stock market opens in 13 minutes im gonna be so stressed Stocks stress me out and i dont even have any real money invested wtf
@tbirdlwt how much sleep did u get last night
in my last tweet Kermit represents harry

my favourite harry tattoo is the hanger
well im at school and dont have to think until 2 hrs and 15 mins from now so lets get napping starting woo!
aw 
@louisvangogh thief
my moms ordering my rovers jersey today hopefulyl!!! ???
in other news hozier is performing at radio city in September and u bet ur ass im gonna be there
Harry is writing i am so inspired
this is the best news i couldve woken up to 
morning
goodnight
actual cereal killers
......... dolphins
Chardonnay is a fun word to spell
i am so competitive imagine me and jimmy and louis all playing like musical chairs or something id throw elbows
i love connect four
in the 5th grade on like the last day of school we had a connect four tournament and the last game was against the teacher and i won it all
ive only played battleship once in my entire life and i was in the 5th grade and i think i won
u sunk my battleship
why are nose and knows the same
my laptop password is louis   but imigjt habe to change it my sister knwoz.
this is my favourite photo 
now my laptop restarted to update brilliant i just want ed to LISTEN to dianansnsnnd
should i play diana on a loop until i want to punch my laptop i thin i shoud
@Louis_Tomlinson answer me
i never know which way the accent marks go in deja vu so i just leave them out to spare myself the stress and embarrassment
thi photo gave me deja vu 
i think im gonna start reading the Fallen star fic tomorrow so i can hate myself for not being creative and not writing
when will liam use you're instead of your
one day I'm gonna have a place of my own and im gonna sit down and its gonna be dead silent and im just gonna burst into tears from relief
@nicetattou bless you
1 2 3 4 the word door floor poor more sore score Galore
i really want to write but ive literally run out of ideas motivation support creativity and food to stress eat
since when is ed friends with monica from .... Friends
that video Louis is bouncing around like a bunny just to stay on his tippy toes if i wasn't so tired i would laugh
why am i just seeing this 
cheap weed and applesauce
the sound at the end is me 
wonders if the pain kink Every fic writer gives harry is even a little real
im not too down with this weather when i have to walk home Now my knees are itchy cos they're wet from rain im sad
i get to go home early god is real
my English class voted my story as the best so i got extra credit how did this happen
11:11 August 5th
is it mean to wish that Louis had spelled Girl Almighty wrong because 
coughy is like coffee that's funny
i love green beans 
yhis freshman just tried to walk fright through me and shoved me into the doprway with her stupid Pursr bag i Want to kicll i amd murderous
i just want to sleep
　  O
　　   O
　　　　 o
　　　　　o
　　　　　 o
　　　　　o
　　　　 。
　　　 。
　　　.
　　　.
　　　 .
　　　　.
@Louis_Tomlinson light one for me and my sanity though
@Louis_Tomlinson ur an idiot
i got 5 hours of sleep  and ivr never looked more awake wtf i still feel dead but wtf
i hate listening to the studio version of through the dark now because it doesnt have all the fun drums parts like the live version
my  throat hurts like hell
yeah good morning
goodnight
mnbhhhhh
i want it so bad i hate myself
@zynlouis yeah
i made a joke
let's pray we stay young stay made of 
I'm gonna make a joke
i want to stay home tomorrow and listen to Clouds and Bright over and over and just. Not move
i just started choking
@harryandwhales a good month
@harryandwhales WHY NOT
i can't wait for Christmas so i can listen to the Bandaid30 song on a never ending loop and watch elf 24/7
@lightupliam run them over
@harryandwhales why not
Jimmy 
@lightupliam didn't you see Elf
@lightupliam they have rabies they will eat your face
never fails to cheer me up 
@babyfeverharry i don't even know at this point
@eighteensheeran aw what the heck that's so cool where were you
i hate life
i was literally shivering last night to the point where it was painful and now im sweating Why is my body like this
it's hot in my room. Or might just be me.
i forgot the word Bullshit
i really can't wait for this to be over One more year and this crack of dawn Anxiety stress tears fear disgust is finally over
i just remembered i have school tomorrow I'm gonna start crying
my stomach hurts:/
well today's been .... Hm. odd. not really. mood swingish. I'm stupid
when powerade commercials are deep as hell "we're all just a kid from somewhere"
ah yes bates motel is on tomorrow and normans mpd has finally madr an official appearance this should b good
i scrolled through my inactive followers for 10 minutes and didnt even reach the bottom so when i say i have no followers its literally true
i miss my cat
i don't think I'm gonna do my homework the stress rally isn't worth it i might cry
@harryandwhales no
rs
remember when ed explained the line Put your faith in my stomach and i cried because he's so clever and ill never be a good writer im in tea
lets have another girl to the toast almighty
i can't believe i met Dan
i thought it said 'i am tree' 
Sad
so it turns out that i have a bunch of homework that i literally /have to/ do But..... i still don't feel like it so...... Idk

louis' lip is so pointy
did someone write a fic about harry as the rovers mascot yet
the zouis fic exchange opens tomorrow and i still don't know if i should sign up
it's huge 
the question is: should i bother doing my homework
I'm a new yorker 
they lost:/
hi I'm back
aw 
i go driving for 10 mins and its 5-3 wtf
post this 
ok half time i can relax now
3-2!!!!! get back in!!
@Louis_Tomlinson get up
////put him Back in ?????
this sounds incredibly biased but im just saying the truth BECAUSE LOOK WOW 3RD GOAL
does no one notice it's 2-1
WOW THEY TAKE LOUIS OFF AND GET SCORED ON TWICE GOOD JOB GOOD CALL
his wrist is wildly flappy right now
they're screaming about his record label
"i was expecting his shorts to be tighter"
"LOUIS BE CONFIDENT"
the visual quality of this stream is astoundingly horrid
"his headband is so cute"
they scream every time he moves it's so funny
yaaaaayyyyy
nothing feels better than this exact stretch I'm so glad he knows the feeling 
Team Tomlinson
@Louis_Tomlinson good luck today:)
he looks so happy Good
sigh 
look how long his hair is goodbye 
@harryartwork :&gt;
im so glad i woke uptoday 
moorning
goodnight
i feel like shit
decent film
why does kidz bop still exist
don't believe me just watch (a movie) 
never mind im seeing furious 7
I'm going to see Unfriended now
this is the worst headache I've ever had oh my fucking god
The Thigh's The Limit
we're on the highway and its really windy and it made me think of louis on the rollercoaster going Look at my hair and yeah i thought of ths
today would've been a perfect day to go to six flags fuck
im actually wearing shorts this weather is actually real
i am officially signed up for the SAT brilliant i almost puked
There's no such green. 
why did chase in zoey 101 always where such ugly shirts
the Adams apple i always forget he has 
well anyway im the most ignored person in the history of ever so im gonna go watch american dad
we are beyond our time for now and always
@styleslaurent that was me i do that somtimes my apologies
the first thing in my head when i woke up was Change your ticket Why
this made me cry 
yesterday in dance i told a joke literally twice and everyone looked at me blankly then this girl used my exact words and everyone laughed
Oslo looks very pretty
if it is a whale el is gonna cry
my fingers are tingly 
morning
good night
ok wrll im probs just gonna do some writing untik i sleep
Grey's is bringing bakc how to save a life and that alwayd remeinds me of Losuis
there's always a good song at the end of Grey's and tvd it's how i find new music True story
11:11 August 5th
reaaaallly hate myself for that
look how stupid i am i hate myself for TAKING this photo why am i posting it who knows but i want this tattoo but I'd 
i just love jimmy so much he makes me so happy none of you have any idea
i get so offensive when people say they love Jimmy its not a good quality
@theIarents you think you love him but you don't know me well enough yet
i love Jimmy Fallon if you didn't know
Jimmy 
Jimmy 
Jimmy 
Jimmy 
soulmates are real
ant bc hes like the BIg dudr of everytbing like he said the boys are the boss HAHAHAH good joke u own them
james interviewed simon and obviously it ended up being about 1d like duh but like Things are still fishy to me i wanna believe simon BUT ic
i need to get tickets to Taylor for Metlife soon the prices probably won't go lower ahhhggvvjj
i woke up my dad and the first thing he asked was if his eye popped out of his head and i was just like no Dad it didnt
i am going 2 watch greys now
@Louis_Tomlinson do i trust you with my entire savings Probably but that's hypothetical i dont actually have money right now
@Louis_Tomlinson i trust u
WILL LOUIS' COMPANY BE IN THE STOCK MARKET IN THE FUTURE I WANNA INVEST IN IT I KNOW HE'LL DO ME PROUD
@Louis_Tomlinson you done good kid you're taking over the world
whenever i swype Louis'name it comes about as kills
:(
¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶
my trig teacher kept saying one direction and every time he did my leg twitched i don't even know what he was talking about
there's this girl in my school she's like the coolest person alive i don't know why she even looks in my direction
i want to b friends w emlyn but shes too cool for me Like most people
@Louis_Tomlinson than k u 4bein Alive
Louis Is An Entrepreneur
louis just wants to kill everyone inlcluin g me km alreadg dead
@Louis_Tomlinson if i write a book will u start a publishing company just 4 me will u do that
@Louis_Tomlinson hrhf
I COME BACK TO FIND THAT BUSINESSMAN LOUIS IS C A  N O N
i just wanna know what goes through louis' head when he's buying a shirt like whats the thought process why that particular shirt why that 1
@Louis_Tomlinson 
@Louis_Tomlinson cover Bright by Echosmith for me please :(
did u and jupiter conspire TO GET ME:)
i hate lyric users they always make songs get stuck in my head
@changemyIuck @shimmercurls oh my god
i dont want louis t  be a judge on txf bc i cant watch it live which is sad
i miss 2012 i miss it everyday every second
i am hungry
tomorrow is one month since the last time zayn verified his existence on social media
louis' shoes costed as much as id have to pay t see him up close
i dropped my phone
11:11 August 5th
@zynlouis you're hyping it up it's really stupid so you can wait calm down it's not that exciting
niall is a free elf
@zynlouis you don't seem to want your gift either with that attitude
skye probably has a list of reasons why she hates me and adds 3 points a day
@zynlouis it was 7am
@zynlouis i was going to yesterday but my dad closed the door too fast so i couldn't go back inside and get it
my finance teacher mentioned the Masters then said something about a 21 year old and i literally thought he was gonna talk about niall
asked and answered 
i fell asleep w out plugging my phone in last night so now im on 70% at 8am and trying not to be all Crazy about it
morning
goodnight
ok well
@tarynsnot_okay your tears fuel my fire thank u
why tag zayn when he hasn't tweeted in a literal month
@Louis_Tomlinson he's doing it again
nose piercing
why is every zodiac text post always right about hl Why how
that's. that's nice 
what the Heck man 
lmao indeed 
liams favs are a mess
my mom said Louis looked good tonight thanks mom
one time i tried to donate to charity and it declined my gift card
i just finished my homework i think Bless
@zynlouis i got a notification that a bunch of people favd this ur famous
still my fav vine ever 
@louistiny um its a thing for my class but if you go on 
@louistiny it's fun too
guys im killing the stock market but not for real so im still poor what a bummer 
when will Louis wear ruffles
tbt to when i was alive 
no i don't think i can Thanks though 
wonderful! 
louis has wispies!
why does every conversation i have end up being about one direction how does that possibly happen
well f u rest of the country ur missing out 
@Louis_Tomlinson get off your goddamn tippy toes your hair is enough compensation
best believe im putting those shoes in my rich Louis fic
where are you 
im free from school but im off to work now:/
i wanna go home :(
110 days <HATCHING CHICK> 
i am so hungry wow
LOVE
all of these presentations are so good i love having a shit partner
my partner isn't here so i don't have to present today! :D
"I'm having a good day! I hate everyone!"
this girl is such a fucking asshole and she's like yelling to this kid across the classroom i want to slap her
in hindsight i should've used my free period to nap but i didn't so it looks like Trig is a no go for today
trying to do SAT questions but  lpuis is every Where
than k u so much 
I'm in school what a tragedy
smiley Louis
morning
goodnight
What is your favorite music band? — @nto1927 
Do you like high heels? — N onOOooooOo NO.. maybe i dont know 
If you had 24 hours to spend anyway you wanted, and m... — i want 24 hours w louis and harry and jimmy and dan a... 
What is the most dangerous thing you have ever done? — i walked behind a parking car once 
If you were a different gender, what name would you want to have? — anything but eugene 
If you were granted an autograph from anyone, who would it be? — Harr 
What is your favorite month of the year? — may 
If you had to choose a type of color that you thought represented yourself, which would it be? — blue 
Do you like your name? — no 
If you could name a star in the galaxy what would you name it? — star 
If you could own an exotic pet, what would you choose? — a komodo dragon 
If you had wings, where would you fly? — Machu Picchu 
What day would you love to live again? — december 1, 2012 
What music are you listening to right now? — kodaline 
it's 65 fucking degrees i want to like set up a hammock in my backyard and sleep out here
im outside with wet hair call me a rebel
i dunno i just feel like every time louis gets annoyed someone loses their job somewhere
fafafafafafafafafafafa 
im investing in fake stock and im nervous about it
wonder if loui s wraps a towel round his wet hair
@Louis_Tomlinson the sarcasm stung me from here wow that was vicious
how does bse come on and One thing right after How is that a shuffle wtf
my grandmother made me FOOD fuck she's the best i love her cooking it's amazing
my mom is like obsessed with Strong
between the controversy in this room and on this website I'm being attacked from all sides Shit
think I'm gonna redo my wall tonight:)
fuck i fell asleep in class and my hand went numb
the entire cafeteria just had a meltdown over a bug on the ceiling my school is so dumb
18 minutes til lunch i hope there's food left I'm gonna run down there fffff I'm so hungry help
11:11 August 5th
some of my fav fics are business/stock oriented and like now we're learning about the stock market and its all very exciting its crazy stuff
these two kids got excited because their story is 850 words Like get on my level
im in school
morning
goodnight &amp;*&amp;!*
unimportant
this past week has been shit :/
im going to cry
@hedgehoglouis the way u draw lips is majestic
i want to be dead i never want to do a group project ever again this is so unfair im never theperson that does everything Never me whynow
I'm gonna kill him 
@tylounol watch the one about the japanese cannibal
i wnt 2 b. ..... unAlive
someone i follow has an icon of louis and this girl that goes to my school from the This is us nyc premiere nice Delete it
cheese 
kodaline in  11 days:)
i was writing then i lost my flow now I'm sad
me and a visual representation of my thoughts 24/7 @ NBC New York 
this little girl trying to tell me the orange you glad knock knock joke and i refuse to answer the door
"@spiffeduplouis: art is in the beholder of the eye" 
im eating haribo
i bought a cosmic brownie
clouds is on excuse me while my heart restarts

listening to  Four going anywhere everywhere and all i wanna know is How many more til Clouds
wait who took the picture
I'm calling Louis pip now because everyone started calling harry pup because of that stupid fic
pip is gonna write me a tuuuuuune :)
at least it's nice out
they let us out 15 minutes early so now my whole schedule is off and I'm alone and walking and. Why
apparently i look like a 70s cheerleader
11:13 nice
11:12 to stop missing 11:11
:/
so it looks like I've done my entire English project by myself which means i get the final say on how we present it:)
I'm reading this fic and it's so badly written yet i can't stop reading it Human nature
i want to shave my head I'm useless 
it's so fucking humid it's disgusting oh my god
@Harry_Styles @Kodaline GIVE ME THE SONG
been in school for 2 hours and still have yet to have an actual class
where did i go wrong i lost a friend somewhere along in the bitterness and i would have stayed up with you all night- 
i could sleep for 6 days straight and still feel dead honestly
morning
goodnight

ok im gonna shut up and go do something .. Bye
@tbirdlwt masochist
everyone read this 
in other news im officially hated by my only friend(s) and anyone else ive ever spoken to or may have called my best friend wrongly
bates motel is on tonight and i still havent watched last weeks
i hav 3 important birthdyas coming up and No moenynyjyt/.&lt;&gt;?&lt;?
@otralmao wow just as i read this is there somewhere came on
@Louis_Tomlinson what do you suggest i do to spice up my brownies should i bake them less so they're more gooey or...
well thats enough of that
Where is the most fun place you have ever been? — six flags 
Who knows you better than anyone else? — me 
Do you whistle in public? — yes 
Are you left handed or right handed? — right 
Which countries have you visited? — Nicaragua 
If you could go back in time to talk to yourself, what would you... — say no. that. you're fine sitting by yourself 
What time of day is your favorite? — 2am 
How do you usually express your emotions? — i do not 
If you could do anything now, what would you do? — hug louis 
On a scale from 1 to 10 how weird are you? — 10000000000000??? 
What does the life you want to live look like? —  
What did the last text message you sent say? — "what" 
How long have you lived in your current home? — 9 years wow 
Who was the last person you had a deep conversation with? — probably skye 
If you had 10 minutes on a popular TV talk show, what would you talk about? — jimmy fallon 
What song defines your childhood? — since you've been gone by kelly clarkson 
First three songs in your favorite playlist? — im yours - jason mraz , if i lose myself - onerepublic , tenerife... 
Which cities would you like to visit around the world? — london , stockholm , brussels , sydney , toronto 
What is your favorite sport? — badminton 
If you were a farmer, what would you grow? — lima beans 
When you are in trouble, whom do you call for help? — HA good joke 
What movie star would you most like to meet? — emma watson 
What’s something you should throw away, but can’t? — all of my notebooks from 7th grade to now 
If you could witness any historical moment, which one would it be? — jimmy fallons snl audition 
Whom do you consider to be a hero of our times? — harry styles 
What would you do with your “15 minutes” of fame? — ask louis if he loves jimmy 
Would you rather live in the mountains, or by the sea? — the sea 
i am B ored
roommate fic is about to surpass my emotion au in hits i want a refund
@harryandwhales @zynlouis r  u gonna kick me out the group cht
i was having a good day and it literally just went to shit so fast wow i just got whiplash
i talk about nyc way too much for a person thats lived here their whole life
mutuals talking about nyc excites and bothers me at the same time
why does every movie i watch take place in nyc
jimmuu fmuny lovoee
@babyfeverharry MU BABYN
just know that i tried
I'm gonna write this thing I've had saved in my screenshots for like 10 years and it's gonna suck but i tried
@zynlouis i hated Louis' headband
hashtag oh no niall
i want ice cream
management should stop trying to kill other peoples merch ideas and start paying them for them because They Are Better
wwa 2014 unofficial merch is being worn currently
my mom started yelling about zayn she is still so angry lol
harry wore the boob shirt
@hedgehoglouis this tweet was like gun shots one after the other
I'm so excited :)
this album is going to kill me i can see it now
thank u God thank you Jesus give them good inspo i have faith in them 
my mom is so 
the bus number i just got on is 007
:) 
im gonna watch American dad on the way home life is good
im home free And it's very nice out and today could have gone worse so all is well
soon:) 
this is my 5th time seeing the boys i am so wonderfully happy
114 til i see u again 
can't wait 2 go home and stress over this project some more because my partner is an actual asshole
one class left after this last ten minutes can i make it
when you trick your teacher into letting you use your phone
11:11 August 5th
having a conversation with this girl about  trip the trip to the u.k and i know too much for never having been there its scary
so turns out there are seriously people that don't know what the globe theatre is
can't even spell genius!
ha! failed my earth science test! genuis!
I've been in school for 15 minutes and someone's asking to copy my work
im i nschool Sad face
nicr 
clooooouuuuudddssss
"@prettyboylouis: @defoclouds 
showed me his other nipples and i flicked one of them
i had a dream that harry had some really colorful butterfly chest tattoo that looked like paint and there were little splatters and then he
my mom skipped nina so now im making her listen to it how unacceptable
burn my school down some1
id rather b dead
morning
goodnight
well that was Not fun at all
If you could spend the next year living anywhere in the world, where would you go? — London 
What can you do that others can't do? — recite the opening of law&amp;order svu flawlessly 
What is something you have lost, that you wish you could get back? — my burts bees lip balm 
Do you think there is life on other planets? — of course i do wtf 
What is your idea of a great holiday or vacation? — oot and aboot 
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen?  — people falling off treadmills 
On a scale of 1 to 10 how “cool” are you? — 1.2 
Which day of the week do you hate the most? — everyday 
Which was the last good movie you watched? — the emperor's new groove 
What's the worst movie ever? — blue crush 2 
Where you do not mind waiting? — an open field 
What is your favorite way of wasting time? — answering these questions 
What makes you crazy mad? — this question 
What’s the best way to learn a new language? — immerse yourself 
What do you think are the world’s three greatest cities? — New York, London, Sydney 
How many pillows do you sleep with? — 1 
What kind of surprises do you like? — the surprising kind. 
What inspires you? — Harry styles 
How often do you drink coffee? — never. never ever. 
What was the last thing you paid for? — secret gift for skye 
Are you a better talker or listener? — ha neither 
What's your favorite movie snack? — POPCORN W NESTLE CRUNCH at the same time 
Would you like to live in another country? — not permanently 
im just gonna answer all the automated questions im bored and lonely dont mind me
What was the last song you sang out loud to? — live like we're dying by kris allen 
@nicetattou 
ppl only know me 4 jimmy ben skye use somebody and fic Thank u
@nicetattou cucumberbatch
trust no one . especially not people that u let live with you for a week. Not even those people. No one
@zynlouis i dunno i dont trust u
benedict cucumberbatch i cant believe someone actually wrote that in an actual fic that i read
@zynlouis see now i feel like this isnt about me
skye wants me to kill her im pretty sure thats what she wants she wants me to throw a dart at her face with louis on the end of it
@zynlouis you know what i fucking hate you dont talk to me
i am . Such a stalker i see shit so fast i literally. Probably scare people i am SOOoooo sorry
@lookingoodlads MMMEEEE I LVOE
E CHECK THAT WITH ME ARE YOU REALLY SURE THAT THATS WHAT YOU WANTED TO SAY ARE YOU 100% POSITIVIE THAT THATS WHAT YOU MEANT
this girl went 2 see jimmys wax figure and posted on ig "live from studio 16"   ARE YOU SURE ARE YOU FUCKING SURE ABOUT THAT YOU WANNA DOUBL
im going fic hunting later thats what im doing im going. to hunt. for . Fics. from all walks of life.. should b fun
my sister asked my mom how she knew she was in love and my mom was like they make ur heart smile and i whispered jimmy makes my heart smile
Thank you, Niall.
everyone sign up for this 
i havent writtena nything of quality in 50 years i am so sad
i suppose its a good thing that i dont feel like i have school tomorrow/?? althoguh im probably gonna wake up tomorrow and burst into tears?
my dad made oatmeal cookies for some reason and no ones eating them and i think if i eat anything else today im gonna vomit or die
i odny twna tot go toSCHO oll tomororororwowoworw FUCDKKkmkeme
i can barely keep my eyes open and its 7:35 naps make me so tired
i will always b jimmyfalloun in my heart
@album4track5 like the day i wasnt jimmyfalloun anymore
@album4track5 chest pains
@lightupliam know what
but i was about to save them and i woke up and i typed out that angry journal on my phone at 5am The end
wow i cant wait to post this on instagram or something and i was just about t save the pics and then something w my mom and alucky shirt idk
wall and they were like LIOUSI WITH A FAN adn EVERYONE FALLS IN LOVE WITH LOUIS AT FIRST SIGHT and they were really cute pictures and i was-
like 'louis with a fan' or something probs and there was pics of like us looking at each other and it didnt make sense bc i was leaning on a
the chest and i was like UR SILLy (())(i hate myseefll)()() and then anyway i left and went home and checked twitter obcviously and searched
like twice before i stuck my nose in his face and just scrunched up my nose for no reason so he stuck his tongue out again and i poked him -
anyway i had a dream that i went to some store and all i remember is somehow ending up in front of louis and he stuck his tongue out at me -
oh yeah my dream last night ive been meaning to tweet it ebcause twitter is basically my dream journal
kind of like louis with his height
i cant find the date when i found out about the boys i never can and i feel like ive lied to myself about when and now i just think its true
i was looking at my old facebook posts and man do i hate myself
ready to run i stuck in my head
hi
ok back to my nap bye
his boobies are visible 
i still haven't had that tea yet im a disgrace
@lightupliam y did u fav this
LADS reassembled
ilovrhowikibagruuopmchstthsyistsrtredandincomlrtrykignuredsndinexistrntintgrbxhst
hm
it's true i love jimmy a lot
@harrynlouis THIS ME
i am GETTING a strawberry milkshake
frantically thinks of cute poses for when i never meet Louis
louehh!!!!!!!!
:((( 
i like when his hair has height
where is Louis going though
killin mey 
i want Louis to legally remove the s from his name
@nonstopIouis directionator
his shoes have yellow soles i dig that
ok lefty 
@nonstopIouis a.. A while im afraid
louis just doesnt give a shit
ooh im black and white look at me this is rare
@nonstopIouis given a chance
how many pics of louis w his hand in his pants is this like #3 or what
u need help there pip 
this college is pretty nice but i hate long island
i woke up from a dream at 5am apparently 
i want . I wnat .  ??????????m (((())))) 
there we go first frustrated tweet of the day
GDGDHFHF
let me sleep let me sleep for ten years leave me alone don't make me go to school don't make me go anywhere
in this photo he is the size of my thumb 
@Louis_Tomlinson why
why me 
i have to go to a stupid college open house i dont even know which college i hate myself
its fucking freezing
morning
so good night
i feel like shit im going to sleep as soon as i get home
im on my way home
hello
i want to lay in the grass but everyone's lawns here are dead how useless
@CrushedPetaIs stars are all that make sense
:/ 
im at some sweet 16 for a person I don't know bc i had to tag along with my family and its outdoors and its fucking freezing
today sucjsskks:)
hi

anyway goodnight
116 days til Metlife
I'm cold and lone
i just cracked my knuckle and it hurts so bad I'm so angry
@zynlouis Benedict Cucumberbatch
you don't know me until you've heard me recite the SVU opener
then u got 13 year olds out there like FUCK YEAH and im just like what the heck
people younger than me scare me because they're always Always more collected and cooler than i am and im almost 17 and im a mess
im the original louis pronunciation account i always type things the way he says but without the ridiculous imaginary mess ups on every word
that's hero without an h because that's probably how Louis would say it
my 'ero 
i can't wait to graduate next year i can't wait to get the fuck out of that school and start living my life
smile, the worst is yet to come:)
tell me why greys plays 2 songs by mikky ekko in a row???
11:11 august 5th
all i do. i sBother
no more Jimmy :(
jimmy is my little bo peep
@fourIads i don't know
jimmys on my tv im in my happy place
hi im feeling really ???? sad face ?? i don't know
everyone must hate me bc i literally whine about romantic movies but what do I write. Romance.
@lightupliam do you know me at all
i just wanna see nto1927 :)
anyway i just saw if i stay and i hated it just like i thought i would
s.o.s
im som ..v.d.d  Why..*/"
why is everyone i follow afraid of storms they're my favourite thing
:/
@harryartwork why does she hate me
bombombom
harry grape juice and nyc. this is me. in a vine. 
me to skye 
everyone says louis is chandler but i literally have to disagree and say its harry harry OWNS sarcasm and puns and general snark
ceiling mirrors are so unsafe
I hate them; don't let the smiles and hugs fool you. #NationalSiblingDay 
i accidentally followed someone who lives here cool
im watching american dad now i gave up on writing
why do i always catch the clock at 4:20. literally everyday.
:(
what will ed name his next album this haunts me everyday
i have the worst tunnel vision i miss everything

@hedgehoglouis $25 dollars an hour minimum wage times 3 boom ur rich
@hedgehoglouis in which case you're not human
@hedgehoglouis a dollar for every hour u worked on it

i can't wait for Metlife
prays for a shit load of birthday money so i can go to those 3 concerts i want
Wall 
ive actually been awake for a while i was just waiting for all the modest bullshit to start fading a bit
morning
goodnight

literally 4 people just said goodnight in a row thats my cue
i should go to sleep
@babyfeverharry theres no smut i lied
wow im stupid
i missed 11:11. again.
this is wy i dont ude photobooth the only time i ever opened photobooth was to take pics of my cat laying on meand noww hese gone and i hven
i never thought id miss anythingso much 
plus u cna see my fabvourite tattotot
this  icon is so awkward but its the only good not blurry not weird fuzzy looking pic that i have oflouis form wwa
my phone died
@louisniaII it's down
I'm having chocolate milk. k
CORN FLAKES. I'M GONNA EAT CORN FLAKES.
@killerkordei sleep tight:)
i want a snack but i don't wanna get up
@harryandwhales i doubt zayn wakes up at 8am
@zoulookinsick @zynlouis tell that to the 60 million miles between us
@zoulookinsick @zynlouis i had no good response to how odd that occurrence is
@zoulookinsick @zynlouis you might think you know us...... But do you?
ok back to watching american dad and pretending that im writing until skye comes back to life
this 
@Louis_Tomlinson  7 days before my birthday
i dont have straight hair but i dont have curly hair but it isnt WAVY per se and it only curls by my temples and now it got thin an IDJSNFD
i hate my hair more than any human has ever hated their hair ever probably
1d
i lvoe one dirextion ichate ymsrld
i should go get the wwa dvd
:(
NOO ITS OVER
skye is literally fighting me on this like what the fuck
i will never get over how for the background thing at tmh they listed ALL cities and then they just put JONES BEACH like yes i am special
babY yoi lgith UP my WORLDKlike BOdbyody Else??*?*!*!*
zayn said ucdont get that if ur a solo artist BUT BUT?????????? ok zexncn
louis is like a squirrel on crack Why GOOD EVEN ING MEXICO CITTAAAAYY like calm down
my BIRTHDAYis a month from today!
"look how pretty the sky is. NO not me the actual sky" 
im on pinecone jew-ee
I NEED A THUNDERSTORM GIVE ME ONE I LOVE STORMS I LOVE THUNDER
harry should write a thesis paper on his analysis of the word 'famous'
what bothers me about this is us is that i remember all ofit all of the events. except the first 15 minutes ofthe movie. i remember the rest
everyones dying and im having the best time I've had in weeks
that is awwwwful
@harryartwork CLOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUDS
skyes gonna watch me scream at my tv now
meeeeee LAN
getcha getcha getchaaaa
i knew this movie by heart before i even watched it and by now im just unbearable to watch it with
pppretty Steamy
nialld have to be the mysterious one
imagine
a srs conversation about kickin zayn out the band
this film is the story of my life from the last 4 years and it's just ?????????
I'M SO ANGRY BECAUSE I'M SO HAPPY
this whole movie is so stressful and emotional and bigger than all of us
the planet Hollywood jacket ys
you make people meet the best people in their lives liam
zayn still gets to go home with all of this behind him though and thats more than enough for a lifetime and a half fck i would give anything
FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE THE SECOND TIME I'VE SEEN THIS MOVIE I MISSED WHEN LOUIS SAID GOOD EVENING ANTWERP IM MAD I ALWAYS GET IT
the true meaning of louis' tattoos
w a bucket and a spade and a hand grenade
this is weird because ive seen all of these scenes on tumblr and vines and stuff but now im actually seeing it
there was a point where i was extremely obsessed with the band
it's true they're great i met them
please give a massive round of applause for our ruggedly handsome magically talented musically gifted musical band!
everyone was gathered around looking at him like he was a freak of nature but he's 99%/ right
COS BRAND SPANKING NEW LOOKS WEIRD
i might be watching the extended version but it doesn't say extended version so I'm very pleased
the first time they sang teenage dirtbag live in concert.... (i was there. i have a video.) :)
the marshmallow shirt:(
little tings
@Harry_Styles i can't believe you
GANBARIMASU
they were harmonising monorail why did i never know this
1d1d1d1d
tokyoooo
i would i would i would
why did niall throw himself
i should've been there I should've been at msg i shouldve fucking been there with them
yelling at zayn on the television I've lost my composure
WEMBLEY STADIUM GIANTS STADIUM
marin scorsese i know people who know him
im watching this is us Okauyyyyyyyy
she's not afraid live harmonies were so great bring them back
2013 louis w the shaved sides minus the quiff
jimmys haircut is so
Jimmy blamed Obama for zayn leaving same
@wourship ur sos cuutee
binge watches the tonight show instead of writing for school
i love socks
did you and Jupiter conspire.. to GET me!
#117 
i have just noticed that i typed louis instead of jimmy
as if my 13 year old self needed any more confirmation that i belong was born in the wrong country 
ALIENS WITH WINGS
i have a pic of niall trying to eat his mic
my first pic from wwa of any of the boys is louis thank you past me
this is what happens when u try to take a panorama on the best night of ur life and the person ur with is an asshole 
@lightupliam i know
i sing clouds all the time sometime stop me
@louisniaII pick me
honestly i haven't mentioned it yet but that is the last thing taylor deserves like wtf shes the nicest person and ??? why is jt GOOD PEOPLE
louis couldve had the boys do anything else but NO they sing a CHRISTMAS song why are they only here for Christmas
@jimmyfallon  Louis wants to do tight pants!!!!!! Let him do it!!!!
(make Louis do this) 
NICE 
in hindsight he sounds like a dolphin
uptown funk you up jimmy
SQUEAKY 
OH MG FOS JIMYM WAS LAUGHING AND HE SQYEEKAD
i keep downloading fics. and not reading fics. kind of redundant.
"@Harry_Styles: The stage is very close to the water tonight. Possible dip. 
theres finally a sign language app that lets you type in the word you want Thank god
puts Use Somebody cover on a loop so as to remain somewhat sane
writing creatively for school is like asking me to give my food to someone who's only gonna throw it away
5'9 .. a worldwide phenomenon
i want this deleted 
look at him he looks away like 'maybe if i dont look her in the eye i can get away with this lie'  Filthy boy 
louis' accent falls off my american radar when hes in england honestly
5 foot 9? give it a ressstttt. 5 foot 7 is more like it.
my story for english isnt allowed to be more than 2.5k words lol i written 25k how am i supposed to stop writing
Title: Could Be Blue, Could Be Grey Author: nightwideopen 
@Louis_Tomlinson i like ur eyeballs
eho deos this 
@Louis_Tomlinson just don't step on any glass
louis is my future as a living person minus the world famous part
so does louis just drive around with no shoes and walk into shops and shit with no shoes that is so fucking me
@changemyIuck speaking of which i might be coming to Montreal at some point as well
i just had deja vu hm
flips over sign . "dont say 5'9"
sign ideas for otra: Louis, how tall are you /really/?
@Louis_Tomlinson stop lying
i had a dream that i snuck up front row at otra
11:12 my dream last night to come true
5'9/MY ASS TOMLINSONFN
morning
ok well goodnight
this girl sent me a snapchat of jimmy saying that his guest was cute does she know me at all
my religion is this 
he's just legitimately cupping them 
he's fooled the World!
squeaky indignant louis 
@zynlouis 11:11
@zynlouis i knew this
@goIdfooIs that's what he gives us his songs for :)
fish stick sounds like fish dick
@Harry_Styles keep doing what you're doing fish stick
i wouldn't want to read anyones journal unless they want me to because if anyone took mine id literally probably run headfirst into a wall
@goIdfooIs i learned to live with the secrets he deserves secrets
me @ life 
I NEED TO LISTEN TO THIS ALL THE WAY THROUGH AT SOME POINT SO IM LEAVING IT HERE 
isnt middle school supposed to suck?? and high school supposed to be better????
i miss my old middle school friends so much we didnt even have anything in common but like 3 years and we were just. Unstoppable.
@zynlouis HUSTTU PP 
i forgot what i was gonna tweet
@bigeasylouis NO BUT THE BOTTOM HALF OF THIS FINGERS ARENT SHOWING EITHER
THIS STRESSES ME OUT SO MUCH BEUCASE THAT ISNT EVEN HUMANLY POSSIBLE IT MAKES NOS ENSE IT CANNT BEBE??? 
i thank god for this everyday 
ilikr 
@zynlouis 
OH YMG GFOD ISTS THE WORODS THE WORDDDSS????????? 
i looked at this and blanked out why does this exist 
has someone written this yet or do i have to pretend that im going to 
harry 
@zynlouis 
i shouted JIMMYand he's not even on the screen... hes like ahrrys wifi,. i just like to know hes there 
@lousthighburn both
you know that 1 hr photo thing that they have in pharmacies i used to think it was 1 hr potato
look he had the cinnamon hair near he a cinnabon thats iconic 
11:12 BRING BACK THE CURLY SWIRL
11:11 august 5th
skyes been updating her phone for like 3 hours
the first thing that came to my head was Bob duncan
@zynlouis 
@zynlouis she said not to get smart with her
@louisvangogh ö
lets splitthethe niiigfht wiiidr oooopenrn
@zynlouis are you Russian my sister wants to know
@changemyIuck good luck!
NOW SHE'S SINGING 18
i make fun of louis so much im so screwed if i ever meet him he'll be so mad
"@southstaraurora: Define Kerfuffle" my favourite word
if more people draw me and Louisiusis i might change my pinned tweet which would b weird but.. Hm
my cousin just asked me if im 'gonna do the thing with skye' im like .???
my sister started singing and the last thing i expected to come out of her mouth was wmyb but Here we are
did i miss spn again
don't get mad get Glad
all the reviews on this movie are people saying how angry they are like IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE TERRIBLE JUST LAUGH AT HOW BAD IT WAS
that was the worst movie of all time
we're watching ATM lets see how bad how it is
im gonna watch a scary movie Hm
i cant take impromptu selfies i always look like im actually dying
@hedgehoglouis hilaruos
the Me And Loops saga 
what movie should i watch
????????????? 
im bored im very bored
im so bBROEOSBVDDDD
*i am such a mess
this is such a mess
bbyabay just SHOUT it out shout it out louis loves harry no one loves me harry loves louis someone lov me i want ATTENTION imcshhc a an???
@hedgehoglouis its beautiful
@hedgehoglouis "I'm a big fat butt hole"
my dad wont let me draw a heart on his hand
@hedgehoglouis Carry on
lydia got my refernexe i feel soa aLVIve
@babybumpharry YOU KNSOWN
@babybumpharry SUSHI??? UTHIBK THIS IS ABOUT SUSHUI???????
imagine louis actually punching me though i dont think id react
I WASNT BEING SERIOUS NOW THEYRE ALL AFTER ME
@hedgehoglouis WHDYDH
@zynlouis fuck off
downtown funk u ↑ 
@zynlouis November something 1963 in Memphis.
when you only know the Jeopardy answer because it says Memphis in the clue
i need to write
@Louis_Tomlinson 
i only had 3 :/
I'm gonna eat a lot of cookies now.
:(
slippy
"why are you so bent out of shape" gee I have No idea
my family was making fun of me and now they're mad that i walked away Ok
louis' probably gonna give him so much shit for all of this i wish i could be there
niall
I'm trying to write but now I'm hungry
Pringles
i reeaaaally want pringles now
"@cuteprinceIouis: YES I WANT CHIPS NOW I WANT PRINGLES"
i want pringles who tweeted about pringles because now i want some
my sister just put on 21 jump street nicee
@harryartwork which ones harry
Well that movie was quite sick
I had a dream that Louis messaged me back on Facebook and I fucking forgot what it said
humour me
Ask me a question | 
@18meets16 it's decent
@Louis_Tomlinson did you hear? it's hip to be square!
oh my fucking god i love psychopaths i want to pick their brains of every last thought and reason holy shit
a tumbling dickweed
he's going to see a MATINEE of LES MIS  i HATE my LIFE
@18meets16 I'm ten minutes I'll let you know
@18meets16 American Psycho
oh look they're talking about NY Soho it's a sign @Harry_Styles we're waiting for you
'relief washes over me in an awesome wave'      that .. is amazing writing
walking on sunshine
LES MIS POSTERS  MAKE ME FEEL ALIVE
why is profiteroles a word
@Harry_Styles wrong Soho get your ass over here
this is like the dexter opening credits
american psycho is the answer
what movie should i watch that is the question
ok i think that's enough homework for today
@Louis_Tomlinson tell harry to release the song he wrote with kodaline
@Louis_Tomlinson tell kodaline to release the song they wrote with harry
@Louis_Tomlinson u make my heart feel like its summer:)
i really dont like this album
this is my favourite tweet 
(i still want that harry/kodaline song)))
fucking finally 
jesus christ superstar is stuck in my head
if i was him I'd be offended by this
no but really 
11:12 8/5/15
my favourite thing i ever i need to reread :( 
I'm trying so hard to start my homework
morning
goodnight
a lot at steak
i spilled water on my blanket :/
i wish i was a fish fish dont have problems they just swim around and blub and dont cause trouble and they dont know anything innocent fish
OH GOD JIMMY KIMMEL WAS ON MY TV FOR LIKE A WHOLE MINUTE THE BETRAYAL HURTS DEEP
this guy in greys is named Peter literally looks like andrew garfield and his relative looks likehis Aunt from the amazing spiderman what is
do u guys like this i like this 
should i read a lilo fic or is that going too far into unchartered territory
diana is stuck in my head
" i just aim the head right at it and it just SWOOPS right in! "
can 1d play msg again thatd b quite convenient to me
tsss
theres an infomercial on for some vacuum thing and like. infomercials are the stupidest fucking things theyre so funny
i cant believe jimmy was in Get hard i literally started crying in the theater shouting JIMMYYMYM
girls bCome lover s who turn into Mothers so mothers beee goood to ur daaaughters 2
the night shift is such a good show. So good
im watching american dad im very sad
I'm watching Monsters inc to avoid crying
just remembered all my homework nice
that was wild
hi
it is roast time goodbye
@Louis_Tomlinson so how was it
i want to see nto1927 tomorrow so much but its 21+ :(
im listening to uan on the way home and I've messed up so many lyrics lol
i kinda wanna be in the marvel fandom now like. everything is so cool . but im not . idk id never know enough
we're gonna watch biebers roast now we r going to watch the whole thing
hello
no1 probably cares but ill b back later
i am at the movies and slightly more awake
i am so tired that i actually might fall asleep in the movies
this time im ready to walk
3yrs since.. 
FUCKFUFK TODYA IS 3 GEARS IICNE 1D ON SNL
hozier and george ezra back to back on the radio What is .. skye
mu coccnert 
we're listening to Four again and my mom just whips around and goes PUT CLOUDS ON .. me
@killerkordei the emperor's new groove
@oceanixlI I'm horrible but i love you too
IF U CANT LAUGH AT UR OWN JOKES NO ONE ELSE IS GOING TO . KEY TO COMEDY
look im 2013 harry 
Kevin hart laughing hysterically at his own jokes is what i live for
wE STARTED wtching biebers roast my parenrs r crying but now we're leaving lol
:)) 
:) 
im so upset now im such an idiot why didnt i subscribe to the fallontonight twitter im so stpid
i missed it by 5 minutes
i want to be dead 
ive got my heart set on anywhere but Here . . . . i hatw this song
imagine seeing ed in a stadium id pass out
11:11 jimmymyymy

see the best mutuals r the ones that dont just have 1d in common with u
my life before 1d: harry potter and doctor who and the hunger games
@spiffeduplouis the Pandorica opens!!!
@Harry_Styles keep your eyes on the road
u got that james . dean . day . dream .
this girl from my school is in universal:) in harry potter world:) fuck u :)
everyone start praying please 
morning
@Louis_Tomlinson follow me befiore i wake up thatd be .... not real
GOodnight
im gonna write then sleep
clouds91 . taken . im a disgrace
who is louis
where is louis
when is louis
how is louis
why is louis
what is louis
why did no one acknowledge this
beautful 
i got my sister hooked on American dad good
@Harry_Styles i wnna hang out w u
i just said 'that is a great gif' six times ina row 
add this to the list of reasons i shouldnt be allowed to speak 
GHFHF
@zynlouis YOU DONT KNOW WHAT PAST ME THOUGHT SHUT TUP
it was nice when it happne
@lookingoodlads i know:)
@lookingoodlads my bio
11;11 jimmy tomoororwww pleaseeee
idntn wJNTjT????? whimerperp 
@zynlouis i was still ashamed u brought me 2 life
this is still
@zynlouis OSMU CHTRURHT
I MISSED HER BIRTHDAYU THATS SO FUNNNY 
@zynlouis i took this
this is my first tweet about her
@zynlouis the beginning
@zynlouis this is so ugly and short and rude
@daddyhair very welcome
BABATYYYYY
i want moenyyn
skye is doing hair things and i still look the same and ugly just like always
@lightupliam i dont know yet
@lightupliam twitter update
i just tried for jimmy tickets for tomorrow please god everyone pray for me pleaslepslreapsei to sjeeimm agingain i donT CARE HOWSHIRT
please god let me see jimmy again
i dont think anyone realises how much i truly love jimmy
i would give various body parts to see jimmy do stand up
whta the hell u nerd 
hwyh si sjimymy dos scutue
watching jimmys first tv appearance is making me cry i only got halfway through iand i can ATTHHANELE SDMOMRENAUHEREJRNLJEe
louis 
skye literally says things that i said 30 seconds before and like. she doesnt even listen to me
hey look emlyn uses the same fffff as me ido that too
i just said to my sister that harry gets fashion awards up the butthole but I didn't mean it like that but now i think some1 should write it
my moms home:)
nina  is stuck in my head now thanks Nina
<AIRPLANE><AIRPLANE><AIRPLANE> 
should i sing welcome to new york to everyone that gets off the plane
airports are so confusing for people like me who can't read
@Louis_Tomlinson im at the airport have you landed yet
i love Clouds
nevercomingbackdown:)
i typed it for as long as harry held it every time in the bridge
CLLOOOOOOUUUUUUUDSSSS
CLOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUDDSS
CLOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUDDSSSSSS
CLOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUDDDSSSSS
I CANT T WAIT TO HEA CRXLOIDSS
defo gonna be one of my favs live
:) 
@tattoooless u cant have one without the other unfortunately
i cant wait to hear wdbhg live the crowd is gonna b crazy and its gonna be Soooooo??*!""!"!"!!"%!%+%
half of change my ticket  and no control  later. wdbhg is on
the day after i commented this on the app review android users got the new profile 
ok well Clouds still hasn't come on and i refuse to leave the car without hearing it
So happy for real_Liam_payne
no the thing is. i only hate it when im not listening to it
everyday i hate Stockholm syndrome and everyday i ask myself why
maybe harry will come to ny during the break and this time i wont fuck up:)
smg stresses me out bc it's so good but the lyrics are shit
the most notifs ive had in months probably 
girl almighty , alive , shes not afraid , and everything about you Are like my guilty pleasure jams bc they're really not my style bt I love
theres nothing like listening to something or watching something for the first time before you end up loving it a lot
i remember the first time i heard ready to run i got overwhelmed and teared up it was so good that first time
when fireproof came out i knew i would love Four and then ready to run i was like fuck me this is gonna b a great album and i was right
@babybumpharry and we got it for free Even better
i love fireproof it's like. My favourite song ever
(guys just copy and paste the tweets if u wanna quote as a reply thats how ive always had to do it its not hard)
@babybumpharry life is hard sometimes
my family likes 1d almost as much as i do now. only took 4 years.
im making my family listen to Four on the way to the airport no ones complained yet i have them trained
@babybumpharry thats what ive always done bc androids never had the feature welcome to the dark side
@Louis_Tomlinson 2 feet in front of me
we're going to pick up my mom from the airport:)
niall is stepping up i am so proud
yo 
@harryartwork the sky
if i could play the trumpet and learn one song itd be the American dad theme song
ok im determined to finish this trig packet today lets do this
i love art 
You're The Criminal Mastermind Not Me
i just remembered that i didnt finish the emperor's new groove last night

"we'll do something during the week" - friend who hasn't contacted me or even made an attempt
my sisters wont even come to the city with me today and now its probably gonna rain the rest of the week anyway
i want friends here to do stuff with :/
"@zynlouis: marshmallow man 
do whatever now im stuck in the city all summer without the option to even go upstate because i dont have THAT friend anymore:/
im so sad we're not going to PA this year we've gone every year as long as i can really remember and it was always my quiet time and i could
@Louis_Tomlinson teach me the football
who am i kidding  i dont even have anyone to play with
i wanna go play soccer in the park but other people intimidate me i dont want them making fun of me because i suck
i hate trig
louis' boys
my god 
have 2 do some homework in half an hour before i starting breaking shit with stress
its so fucking nice out i want to fucking go somewhere but i have nowhere to fucking go
skye refused watch AVPM my heart literally shattered
my sisters stopped watching 21 jump street to watch a 12 minute 21 jump street gag reel
we r watching 21 jump street
im bored i should do some homework
this movie is ridiculous
@hedgehoglouis NOi t was when the girl showed him how to take pics while a video was rolling he was so confused
one of them probably showed louis how to tag and he was like Oh shit ! thats sick !! i can put your names on your ugly mugs now !
@hedgehoglouis i only say that because 
louis still hates liam no matter what he says
STILL DEBATABLE
@Louis_Tomlinson defo
@casualourry the disrespect
louis gets less and less technologically useless everyday and its so inspiring
OH MY GOD HE KNOWS HOW TO TAG 
@Harry_Styles @Kodaline GIVE ME THE SOOOOOOONG
i still want that harry/kodaline song i want it so bad i want it so so badly you dont even know it physically hurts me
write me some good tunes buddy boy 
i just saw an indirect but im not gonna answer it til later so i dont seem like a stalker
HEWNAS CARYIRNG A GUIATr im crying
i cant believe harrys a ghost
we r watching 22 jump street
calm down u might shut down dominos by accident 
what havr i ever done to desevr thjs 
iv ebeen aake for 45 mins
i hate myseld 
Louis
morning
goodnight
tomrrow im gonna freshly harrass eveyrone and make some freinds
im going to sleep
the  curling hype is over im bored
i have no idea whats going on all i know is red is winning
why do i love curling im so dumb
'he looks so bad but he looks so good at the same time'
so far the 25 yr old curler is kicking the 40 yr olds Ass butt
skye just finding out about the picture NIce
their pants are magnificent
i still dont even really know how curling works i just get excited when the stones hit each other
@harrynlouis because hes 5
11:11 AUGSUT 5THkdfm
THESE CURLERS GOT REALLY FUCKING DEEP LUNGES
@Louis_Tomlinson STAY COOL
@Louis_Tomlinson I HOPE YOU DONT BC U CAN LOOK COOL AND NOT DIE AT THE SAME TIME
@Louis_Tomlinson DO YOU EVEN SMOKE
rubber ducky... ur the 1 
NICENICENICE
@babybumpharry ill make sure to say things FRom now on i dnt want 2 bother u
@babybumpharry  im pretty sure i read 99% of ur tweets everyday but i never say Anything im a ghost i apologize
EVERYONE WATCH CURLING WITH EM
@zynlouis ::)
do i root for norway or sweden this is tough
@zynlouis riiiight       . Just watch me watch curling 4 half an hour thenu can sleep
@changemyIuck IM SORRY MESSAGING FIRST GIVES ME SUCH ANXIETY but if u just message me until i asnwer ill b very happy thatd be very nice
@zynlouis  come abck
@harryartwork 
i love Clouds
CLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUDS
"@babyfeverharry: “@defoclouds: i cant believe i get to watch curling im so excited” isnt that the sport where people sweep?" yes nd its gr8
how come there arent any same sex figure skating couples
@zynlouis stop
i cant believe i get to watch curling im so excited
where is curling a nationally renowned sport can i move there
@lightupliam u r just a child
this is great
I GET TO WATCH CURLING AND ITS NOT WINTER OR THE OLYMPICS
FITTEEN MINUTES YAY
GOD DISS REALL  GOD I REASL I CAN WATCH CURLING FUCKCKCK ITS A CAHMPOPSHOP TOO I LVOE CURLRING
i need to write i feel like this is gonna b the saddest thing ive ever written and im determined for it to be. I want peopel to Sob. lets go
@IiIouandstitch afffffire love ffffff
i go to pee and this is what im met with upon my return 
i miss dan
so today i found out that every time i meet someone of some level importance they tweet me ie josh and dan
every 1i follow has a crush it must be nice to not hate everyone with a burning passion
griffin fell for my bait
i have to pee
this is the fourth time ive watched this movie since wednesday
@nonstopIouis i watch it everyday
@zynlouis
lilo 
i bought two bags of gummy worms
@zoulookinsick BENEIEDITEE

EGGS BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH WHERE IS ALEX TREBEK
@zoulookinsick THIS SHOULD BE A JEOPARDY BEFOR EAND ADTER QUESTION
it was 2am. and i couldnt laugh. So i cried. 
bens name is so goddamned fun
bendlecat shrimpypuff
leave ben alone he didnt name himself
@nightlouve u can change that with any one of these 
y 
impending existential crisis
nthing makes sense this generation this age tihs planet is just so Weird everything is werid where did the universe cvome from
he's so cute:( 
this doesnt actually say anything
* ***** ** *** ** ***** ****** ** *** *** * ***** ****** * **
, h 6û 
my dad wont let me drive
i had a mediocre burger. disappointed.
SilverSpoon
louis hand in my icon is dso fnnuyyy
all i can think about is how much homework i have and yet i continue to do None of it
can louis stop working out for like a year . no more sit ups no more running no more football i Watn a marashmallw not A Rock
Louis why
5'10 my ass tomlinson
thsi sis so cute Fuck 
Happy Easter
morning
goodnight

my wrist feels Funny
