This article expresses everything I am thinking right now. Most of us (i am being optimistic saying "most" not... 
Dear Ashtanga yoga,
Thank you for teaching me a concept I have been struggling all my life to learn;  ACCEPTANCE.... 
I love that! 
To me this is what helping people means coz it is purely selfish if ur waiting for something in... 
Instead of what "judgment" really is (an undesirable act), it has turned into a fear that shapes our entire... 

At the yoga retreat with the cutest baby on earth 󾌸 
I kept thinking what really got me to send myself for over 30 days to Thailand by myself when I could have been... 
I thought this picture might be worth sharing :) 
Post detox day 2: oatmeal with bananas and raisins... Happiness in a bowl 󾌰 #postdetox #detox 

My first meal after detox. I can finally use a fork wohoooooo! 󾌴 #detox 

I have no idea how I hadn't discovered this babe earlier! 
6 Scientifically Proven Ways Ashtanga Yoga Makes You Happier 
"When you nurture your body it reciprocates."
Mango hummus pesto salad.... Awesome! 

Heavenly food 󾌧 
Lovely sunrise iced coffee while waiting for the ferry 󾌧 
Taking off for a whole new long experience that's all about reconnecting with nature, yoga &amp; detox 
Ted's everything one would want in one place! The best experience ever including the impressive decor, the super... 
My working women friends: WHY DO YOU WORK? for the money? for the sense of achievement? out of boredom? coz ur... 
My head is a jungle jungle... my head is a jungle jingle... myyyy heeaaad
Moni El Ramlawy
Habayby!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Good morning 
It is very interesting and equally sad that most women don't feel beautiful... I blame the media :) 





Moni El Ramlawy does this ring a bell? Nouran El-Wassal Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar 
So true :D 
هشام الجخ - هشام خرما - مصطفى عاطف #منطقي 
Pic elgouna elma3roofa missing the noonie Nouran El-Wassal 
Gouna love! #gouna #amzazshee2 
Moni El Ramlawy 

Interesting campaign 

I love that 
Soora nadra lel twins 



begad ba3d el sharr 3aleehom :( 
The signs that annoy me the most! 
Moni El Ramlawy Nouran El-Wassal Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar Marwa ElKady 
hamoot men el de7k Moni El Ramlawy 
Amen to that :)) 
Moni El Ramlawy Sherine Sultan Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar Nouran El-Wassal 
بجد اللي بلانا بمبدآ "داري علي شمعتك تقيد" دا انسان مستفز وودانا في ستين داهيه وشكرا #justsaying
I have that! 
"اصل اللي بيحب اوي بيتجرح اوي" يارا دويدار    Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar Nouran El-Wassal Moni El Ramlawy
Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar 
That makes a lot of sense! Finally students won't be wondering what the use of SIN COS TAN is :D 
that's so true! 
impressed!!!! bravo trainer Nagwa ElAssy Endorphins 
Moni El Ramlawy 
Ladies, GM-square is in the making.... r u ready? Sherine Sultan Nouran El-WassalYasmine Dowidar Yara Dowidar... 
2 random thoughts: 1. I deeply genuinely love coffee 2. I am truly blessed to have this quality / quantity of... 
My phone fell in the sea and is currently out of order :D  so if you wanna reach me text me on Facebook...

The Dowidar twins just got Scoop-Empired! 
Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar Eman Samy Arafa 

sebko ento... jad is back Yara Dowidar Yasmine Dowidar 
Extremely fresh &amp; new! bravo Hisham Kharma 
What's better than an active morning with Lara??? Yara Dowidar ya Moni El Ramlawy Nouran El-Wassal Eman Samy... 
5 Reasons Sun Salutations are the Best Way to Start Your Day 
See? 
I like that alot! 

Blessed 󾍛


I'm sooooo hooked on that song khalas Moni El Ramlawy 

Yara Dowidar 
&lt;True Words&gt; 


#dmfcairo is happening here and now 
@VodafoneEgypt it wouldnt find networks 
@VodafoneEgypt many places
@VodafoneEgypt Since yesterday i've been getting NO SERVICE, called cust service twice, still nothing. Please support ASAP.
Twitter 101

#alaaelaswany eddeeeelo!!!
is wondering what's next with all the demonstrations happening in Egypt...
