@BoutrosTO @TessKalinowski Thanks JP, will check.
I hear that @shaunacitynews will be on @cbcasithappens this evening discussing her stand against #FHRITP and the still-rolling fallout.
Up in the Air:T.O. council's great Gardiner East debate. The points that will (should?) help guide them 
@EvilLilGoat Absolutely - fully support naming and can be both.
(Either way, if it curbs or stops #FHRITP , everyone owes @shaunacitynews thanks for confronting them and @CityNews for airing the footage)
I have no sympathy for the soccer jerks. Just hope focus doesn't become "name &amp; shame 3 dudes" vs. bigger issue of respect &amp; misogyny
Civil liberties champion Alan Borovoy dies at 82 
Montreal Conservative resigns amid reports his candidacy was part of a performance art project 
"The weirdest thing about @ElizabethMay’s 'bizarre' press gallery Khadr remarks is that she was right": @TomWalkom 
@derekgbell @jm_mcgrath That is a great question. Like, "students will suffer consequences of govt policies more, why don't they vote?"
@karensnider I am rarely in the newsroom and did not know she was so ill. Such a terrible shock for so many. Bella was here for tribute
@ruthmkb @HydroOne @shaunacitynews As far as penalties go, I feel like it’s quite substantial
.@hydroone is firing an employee who was involved in vulgar harassment of @shaunacitynews during live hit 
@jm_mcgrath There is also the rail electrification/SmartTrack/First Gulf/Wynne govt. dynamic which remains, I think, a little mysterious
Although travel times will naturally increase, city staff say, it's just that full removal would add more overall time than partial removal
Problem for @JohnTory is he promised to reduce congestion and many around him see anything that increasing travel times as not an option
Rob Ford doing well after surgery but in lots of pain (via @torontostar) 
Expect battle at June city council, including arguments from some they won't be pushed into making quick decision 
Last month @gordperks &amp; @joemihevc accused @JohnTory &amp; allies of wanting to waste huge amts. of city $ on Gardiner hybrid &amp; Scarb subway
Tory's full-throated support for partial tear-down will disappoint many cllrs including @joemihevc &amp; @gordperks who favour full removal
.@RealHughJackman is handsome, charming, can act, dance &amp; now he's lifting crazy weight. 
.@barbturnbull was gunned down but rose 1,000-fold as a gifted reporter, fierce disability advocate and tireless lifter of spirits. RIP
You would never wish on somebody a thing like being shot in the neck. But it's something so special when they rise to terrible circumstance
I felt terrible for her -- it was a great show -- but she was smiling as broadly as ever, no self-pity, only thanks for my help pushing.
Saw her &amp; her friend after - Barb's chair had broken down  and she could only listen from the lobby while she waited for a technician.
Only time I saw Barb outside work was at Danforth Music Hall for @CrowdedHouseHQ tour. Bumped into each other in lobby before the show.
I didn't know @barbturnbull as well as many of my colleagues but every interaction left me marveling -- whip-smart, hilarious &amp; generous
The biggest newsroom in the country grinds to a rare halt for a beautiful, tearful tribute to reporter and wonderful spirit @barbturnbull
Pablo Picasso painting sells at auction for record $179.4 million 
Dangerous increase in hazardous drinking by young people seen, multinational report says 
Emotions run high at penalty hearing for disgraced refugee lawyer 
Kevin Vickers calls day after Parliament Hill shooting ‘loneliest moment’ of his life 
Oro-Medonte residents clash with Boots and Hearts, WayHome organizers  
The remaking of Montreal’s famous Ste-Catherine Street 
Ontario auditor warns of flood of taxpayer-funded partisan ads 
MLSE to ban soccer fans who harassed TV reporter on-camera 
Two sexual assault charges dropped against Jian Ghomeshi 
@addarioandrea @joanchang Ditto, Andrea - before I saw your comment I was going to write it, word for word.
Waiting for the "it's not fair to publicize photos of guys who said gross misogynistic disrespectful thing on live TV" thread
CityNews reporter confronts harassers shouting vulgar phrase at TFC game (via @torontostar) 
Woman with guide dog refused brunch service, told dog not welcome near halal food (via @torontostar) 
Judges under fire over failing domestic violence victims (via @torontostar) 
Conservatives turn down traditional TV debates for leaders (via @torontostar) 
@Justin_Ling @kevinrns I don't get that from this or the original story. "Ministers don't charge people" is not a serious refutation
@kevinrns @Justin_Ling Sounds more like abandonment than denial, but not sure u can say that threat is not still there.
The life of @barbturnbull , in her own words 
This morning's Breakfast DJ - hard to say what the kids found stranger, Da Da Da 

So, for the former mayor, it sounds like the best result possible.
"The clinical team has declared that they consider the operation to be a success. (@TorontoRobFord) is now visiting with his family."
This mesh will take several months, to heal..@TorontoRobFord is in some pain, but it is being managed by one of hospital's pain teams
"A small piece of the abdominal wall was removed, and has now been replaced with a biologic mesh, which has been sewn into place."
.. to remove all the existing growths without causing damage to any internal structures."
"There were no new growths, the cancer had not spread beyond what they were already aware of, and they were able ...
"The procedure, which included nearly 10 hours of anesthesia, went as the team expected, with no surprises."
"Councillor Ford's clinical team has advised that the Councillor is now fully conscious and recovering from his surgery."
@xjackiehong @shaunacitynews Curious to know @torontofc feelings on men in their gear saying that to reporters. #growupsoberup
Updated: @TorontoRobFord surgery almost finished, family hopeful 
"It should be another hour or so" before surgery is finished.
"We're just hoping that Rob makes it through," says Doug Ford, quickly adding family is 100% confident he will
No update from doctors removing main mass around 4 pm, says Doug Ford.
In next hour or so hopefully surgery will be finished, says Doug Ford, thanks hospital staff
Doug Ford thanks Toronto for " thoughts and prayers"
"Councillor Ford's clinical team has advised that they have moved onto the second part of the surgery ...the reconstruction process."
@DawesRobin I respect ppl tuning out but 383,501 Torontonians voted for @TorontoRobFord in 2010 &amp; he remains T.O.'s most famous politician
Doug Ford: “You feel helpless. You want to be right beside him but you can’t and it’s awful.” 
Updated story: Surgeons have removed the "main mass" from @TorontoRobFord's abdomen, operation continues 
Updated story the potentially life-saving surgery on @TorontoRobFord will be on 
Surgeons have removed the main cancerous mass from @TorontoRobFord's abdomen and are "continuing their work," Doug Ford told me.
Apple Watch: How it can change your life after two weeks 
Captain John's restaurant sold to ship scrapper, will be gone by end of May 
"We're in that phase where no news is good news," about @TorontoRobFord adds @danjacobs_
On @TorontoRobFord - "they're not doing surgery on his arms" so won't be long before he is working by phone, says @danjacobs_
.@TorontoRobFord was nervous but happy to get surgery overwith, getting back to work, helping people out
.@danjacobs_ has worked for @TorontoRobFord for a while.Says he is always trying to help people, was returning constituent calls yesterday.
Family spending time together. Rob asked that only his wife Renata be at hospital this morning.
Expect another update mid-afternoon.
.@TorontoRobFord office will continue making updates. His family starting to make their way downtown and "wishing Rob all the best"
.@TorontoRobFord was a little bit nervous but in good spirits this morning. Buoyed by well-wishes from public
.@TorontoRobFord went general anasth. About 9:45 am. Last update about an hour ago no complications, surgery going well
Big media crowd here. @TorontoRobFord's aide seems in good spirits 
.@TorontoRobFord's nephew, school trustee Michael Ford, just left his uncle's office
.@danjacobs_ about to update media on @TorontoRobFord's condition as he undergoes cancer surgery #TOpoli
@nenshi @gordperks Mayor Nenshi, wasn't the nanny suite debate happening when I interviewed you in October 2011?
@Alex_S_Cullen Saw @JimWatsonOttawa at FCM meeting here recently, &amp; Mark Maloney at T.O. City Hall, so at least we're all still working!
Is there an unequal distribution of wealth in Toronto? 
Determines family size for many "High cost of child care keeps many Toronto families in poverty" 
Terrible week for @AlJazeera. Devastating NYT story on U.S. newsroom, then U.S. chief ousted 
Mohamed Fahmy sues Al Jazeera for $100M  
@beausaunt Thanks!
Wed., 6-8:30 pm, @RyersonU solutions-focused #dividedcities forum w @JohnTory , @BonnieCrombie &amp; Ajax's Steve Parish 
Environmental group decries Lake Simcoe mobile-home park project 
Peel Region no haven for black youth struggling with racism and alienation 
Ontario employers cashing in on temporary workers 
Ontario’s temp agencies, then and now 
City staff want Richmond-Adelaide bike lane to extend to Parliament 
Ontario elementary teachers begin work-to-rule today 
@beausaunt Sorry! Feel free to mute/block because I will be tweeting @TorontoRobFord updates today
Resending update on @TorontoRobFord from @danjacobs_ 
.@TorontoRobFord update from his exec asst. @danjacobs_ 


May you be weightless, #BarbaraTurnbull @TorontoStar 
Star reporter Barbara Turnbull overcame debilitating injury to carve out a superlative career  

Kudos to all who won photo awards, but especially Star's @martaiwanek  &amp; Michelle Siu, who hopefully had a truck to haul home her hardware
(Those awards are from the News Photographers Association of Canada)
Hurtful stereotypes don't belong in Toronto Star: Public Editor 

@MrIanMacIntyre Exactly. What will female gamers do to us next???
"You have to give credit where credit is due": @JohnTory on federal election urban issues platforms 
Repeat: blog post saying federal Conservatives trying to win Toronto votes will have to compete w other parties for praise from @JohnTory
Mississippi police officers shot to death; 3 people arrested 
An American police racism scandal unlike any other 
To be healthy, take care of your microbiome 
(Story anticipated convos In my 'hood, where a young woman was recently killed by a distracted driver while she walked dogs on sidewalk)
We are afraid of the Islamic State, &amp; encouraged to be so, but mundane hazards pose way more risk to Canadians 
The woman who created Mother’s Day died despising its commercialization 
Ppl who think he can't beat #Wynne probably said @pmharper couldn't win seats in #Toronto …
.@justaglimpse43 Yes! Kudos to @LaurenPelley for telling it so well.
After being diagnosed with cancer at 26, she didn't think kids were possible. For Mother's Day, she got twins 
@beausaunt I know. Hangs head in shame. Quick , somebody DM me scurrilous gossip
Conservatives thank God it’s the weekend: Hébert (via @torontostar) 
@pkbwood Sorry - retweeted w fixed link
Analysis-y blog post by me (w fixed link): @pmharper can't count on @JohnTory to say Conserv. policies best for T.O. 
Fahmy promises to reveal 'exclusive' details to media as trial winds down 
We asked a Grade 12 art class - show us what Toronto’s #dividedcity means to you. 
How afraid should we be of Islamic State?  
St. Clair streetcar Toronto’s deadliest for pedestrians  
Patrick Brown wins Ontario PC leadership 
Read it! Towers find friends on Toronto District School Board 
Across town, at site of Waverly Hotel &amp; Silver Dollar Room, @tdsb took $1M for not opposing  22-storey tower that faced similar concerns.
"Those who fought to keep the sun shining on Church Street Junior Public School said the impact is real."
"Both the school board and the developer refused to discuss the details of the “confidential” contract."
"Local trustee @Sheila_Ward did not respond to requests for comment."
.@tdsb took $1.5M to not oppose 45-storey tower that would cast shadow on schoolyard, went "rogue": @kristywongtam
Important story from @jpags: @tdsb "side deals" w developers leave city, residents to fight condo projects w-out help 
Whitewater terror, a canoe jam, and Toronto’s finest flotsam: Micallef paddles the Don River (via @torontostar) 
Across town, at site of Waverly Hotel &amp; Silver Dollar Room, @tdsb took $1M for not opposing  22-storey tower that faced similar concerns.
"Those who fought to keep the sun shining on Church Street Junior Public School said the impact is real."
"Both the school board and the developer refused to discuss the details of the “confidential” contract."
"Local trustee @Sheila_Ward did not respond to requests for comment."
.@tdsb took $1.5M to not oppose 45-storey tower that would cast shadow on schoolyard, went "rogue": @kristywongtam 
Important story from @jpags: TDSB "side deals" w developers leave city, community to fight condo projects w-out help 
Joe P’s legacy has paid off for Toronto: James  
Pieces of history discovered at century-old Revue Cinema 

@PWBaugh For sure that's a big part of it. For some, no doubt, politics mixed in. Either way, what a journey that guy has gone on
@anna1_martin Yup. I also remember him talking about seeing a bank machine for the first time.
@IreneGentle @TorontoStar Almost makes me want to go to church.
I reported on David Milgaard's release yrs ago, but wasn't there for magic moment. I was luckier when Romeo Phillion walked into free air.
... but there is something about watching somebody people don't think should have been in jail get out after a long time. Hard to describe
I know the #OmarKhadr case differs in lots of ways from the wrongful convictions we've grown accustomed to ...


 
@Alex_S_Cullen Hi Alex. I covered you a bit on Ottawa council. We were both much younger.
@Half_way_there I could't see when I was I turning because ticketless cars were parked right at the intersection.
@Half_way_there Ah yes. When I lived in College-Margueretta area, cars parked illegally/legally by church were a hazard
Huh. I didn't know these existed. "Sunday streetcar stops near churches to be shuttered in June" 
Plane goes down near Highway 99 in Surrey 
@bryanheal Officially staff say both hybrid and removal have merits, depending on council's priorities.
Hoping they will sit down with me now so we can hash out their preferences, negots. with the city on Unilever site, SmartTrack etc.
For the record, I called First Gulf for comment on its proposal &amp; preference last week and the company refused comment.
The email is in response to our story today 
"... commands the support of Council and can be voted and implemented fast."
... Our focus is arriving at a solution, and we will support whatever of the two options ...
CEO David Gerofsky says in email: "First Gulf is supportive of either of the two remaining options: hybrid or remove...
Developer First Gulf, which put the "hybrid" partial Gardiner removal on the table, now says it supports either hybrid or removal options
Asked if fed Lib. govt will fund SmartTrack, @TOAdamVaughan gives long answer that I think says will let cities decide transit priorities
.@TOAdamVaughan doesn't say where $ for new revenue streams for city will come from. Policies to be released in June
.@JohnTory says he will not endorse a particular party but will say if some policies better than others for Toronto
.@TOAdamVaughan says Libs urban agenda will be a "gamechanger" for Canadian cities
.@TOAdamVaughan says cities need partnership w feds, continual discussions &amp; $ flowing, not just in "dribs and drabs"
.@TOAdamVaughan says Libs very concerned about jobs, noted Cons left budget $ unspent
Also talked about jobs and youth job creation
.@johntory says they talked transit, housing and more. Hopeful &amp;optimistic federal Lib platform will have permanent ongoing funding
Federal @liberal_party people with @JohnTory 
Liberal MPs meeting w @JohnTory, about to talk to reporters
@MiroslavGlavic like requiring but with tequila
Details, facts and figures of @liberal_party's urban agenda platform expected to be released by @JustinTrudeau next month
And @liberal_party will promise annual meetings between PM and mayors, rather than ad-hoc, whose-my-favourite, political photo-op meetups
(Utilizing internatonally recognized work of Prof. Patricia McCarney at U of T's global cities indicators facility 
Reading between lines: @liberal_party will get Cdn. cities on global indicators list to gauge what they have on services, social benchmarks
Reading between lines: @liberal_party will bring back long-form census, which @Hulchanski &amp; others say vital for cities research, priorities
Reading between lines: @liberal_party funding - "Cultural facilities need the same stable funding as recreational infrastructure."
... but "tequiring cities to be transit friendly and submit plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is vital."
Reading between lines: @liberal_party will pledge ongling infrastructure funds with cities as partners in deciding how its spent ...
Reading between lines: @liberal_party to pledge relief for property-tax-reliant municipalities  "A new funding stream must be delivered"
Reading between the lines: @liberal_party will promise to get feds back into social housing, including repair and construction $
The closest we have, so far, to the @liberal_party's urban agenda:.@adamvaughan op-ed in today's @TorontoStar 
Eight-year-old boy found smuggled in suitcase 
Rob Ford pal Sandro Lisi cleared of all drug charges 
@kayaking_canada @JohnTory Well, much better chance of it happening now than in the heat of the downtown casino debate
And story about @JohnTory's executive committee asking for a report at allowing a full casino at Woodbine 
Story from when Lawson took over as interim @CFL commissioner 
Repeat w fix: Jim Lawson, former @CFL commiss and current chair of board replaces Nick Eaves as CEO of Woodbine Entertainment Group
Lawson was chair of WEG but now takes over daily control, including the pitch to get a full casino at the Rexdale casino
@addarioandrea @jpags Well, we always say only our parents notch any bylines, and sometimes they get it wrong. Thanks for the props!
@addarioandrea Thanks! Also good reporting from @jpags !
@shephardm You sounded great! Important for our American friends to hear the story.
Just listened to @shephardm on @democracynow re: #OmarKhadr - Proud to work at @TorontoStar w such a colleague
.@JohnTory meeting today w members of federal Liberal caucus, will talk to reporters at 3:45 pm
Council approves new home for Red Door Shelter, another study for Scarborough subway 
Former @JohnTory campaign aide plans $1M SmartTrack public pitch while lobbying for Uber, First Gulf 
New raccoon-resistant green bins coming soon to Toronto 
East Gardiner keeping link to DVP most popular in poll 
Gardiner tear-down would add 10 minutes to some commutes, says parallel study 
Politically, it's obvious that isn't on the table now, Pennachetti says, but he has faith revenue tools will come eventually
Retiring city manager Joe Pennachetti says that to grow city way we want, apparent we need new sources of revenue/taxation.
Diplomatic on running city w @TorontoRobFord. Pennachetti says difficult with all he was going thru, but he's proud staff kept it together
"Councillors don't get enough credit for the work they do," Joe Pennachetti says. Results of raucous debate usually for betterment of T.O.

Retiring city manager Joe Pennachetti about to be interviewed by @metromorning

Oh look another nation…
@pkbwood @c_9 Not much at all. Great to be well-connected, but landmines all around.
@pkbwood @c_9 It does. He is describing it more like @ttcriders
@beausaunt Ford definitely wasn't there - I did pop up for a minute - but I don't know when he left.
@beausaunt Sorry, just seeing this. I was watching from the bureau, don't know. Will ask my colleague.
Former John Tory campaign aide plans public pitch of SmartTrack 
City manager Joe Pennachetti chokes up, pauses mid-speech. "We love you Joe," a councillor calls out. He continues.
City manager Joe Pennachetti makes his farewell speech to #topoli city council 
Sometimes this city beautifully lights its paid-duty officers 
NSA bulk collection of phone data illegal, appeals court rules 
After Omar Khadr’s arrest… an excerpt from Guantanamo’s Child 
Rules Omar Khadr must live by on bail 
Taking Omar Khadr past Grade 8 — the strangers that kept him going 
First answer is so sad.

In case don't understand bizarre raccoon-focused debate (with a touch of possum) it is about a green bin contract 
She also notes that he is bigger and stronger than a raccoon (so him being able to knock over the bin is not proof it isn't raccoon-proof)
"I even went on my knees to do it like a raccoon would," Cllr Mammoliti says. @JayeRobinson: Raccoons have knees?
"I've never seen a raccoon your size," @JayeRobinson tells Councillor Mammoliti in an actual city hall debate.
I don't think his argument is that if they got into it, a raccoon certainly could, but it's hard to follow
Mammo on him and @jimkarygiannis testing green bin: "We decided to feel it, touch it and yes, act like a raccoon"
Interesting- @CP24 started clip just after the "bigot" comment. Nobody has trouble quoting govt. as saying Khadr is a terrorist
Wow. So in a huge news moment, on live TV, Khadr lawyer Dennis Edney called @pmharper a "bigot" who "hates Muslims." That's something.
@jimkarygiannis Ah, thanks, I did not know there was such a thing.
I am not sure the possum was keen on the then-mayor. 
But @TorontoRobFord called the possum "gross", according to this classic @nataliealcoba story 
On an epic visit to the Sportsmen's Show in 2012, @TorontoRobFord's itin called for him to meet Blossom the Possum.
This is not the first time @TorontoRobFord has expressed anti-possum sentiments.
"They're vicious," and more of a threat than raccoons, @TorontoRobFord said of possums.
@jimkarygiannis Thanks. I know you have an engineering background - what job made you a Teamsters member?
Mammoliti says he'll show @jimkarygiannis how raccoons will crack proposed bins, knock it around a bit. M: "I'm a bit of a raccoon myself"
.@jimkarygiannis, a former Liberal MP responds: "The left always tries, but the left does not know that I am more left than the left".
Cllr Mammoliti questioning @jimkarygiannis on green bins, Mammo tells him not to be discouraged by others trying to "gang" up on him
See @TorontoRobFord sing – briefly – in anti-cancer music video  

Wed. Council highlights - new home for Red Door Shelter, another subway study
Alberta result reinforces Liberals, NDP federally at Conservative expense: Hébert  
CBC’s q gets new executive producer 
Toronto school daycares fight eviction  
Toronto Star photographer Marta Iwanek wins award  
OPP’s investigation into Vaughan Deputy Mayor Michael Di Biase ‘active and ongoing’ 
Conservatives pass controversial anti-terror bill Bill C-51 
City staff give Toronto councillors no firm preference for fate of @GardinerEast 
@MiroslavGlavic Yup, that's 1 Yonge St.
Realpolitik is that development of Unilever site - impossible w maintain - is key to kickstarting financing of SmartTrack, w station there
Still many, including on council, who like status quo. City staff say it costs more than removal over time w no development benefits
And if council can't decide, staff will have no choice but to revert to "maintenance" status quo option - fix 'er, leave 'er up
Hybrid is preferred on basis of transportion and infrastructure criteria; removal on basis of urban design, environment &amp; economic study
"Fundamentally, the Gardiner East EA decision comes down to addressing two very important priorities: traffic congestion and city building..
@normwilner It recommends either full removal or partial removal (hybrid) but those are the choices council was already facing #gardinereast
The #GardinerEast study I wrote about today is here 
"This report presents "Remove" and "Hybrid" as two viable EA alternatives for Council consideration. Maintain remains the EA base case."
... b.  Hybrid, on the basis of greater emphasis on the (environmental assessment) transportation and infrastructure study lens."
Either "a. remove, on the basis of greater emphasis on the EA urban design, environment and economics study lenses; or...
City staff not making a definitive #GardinerEast recommendation to city council. (Last year, before hybrid proposal, recommended removal)
Gardiner Expressway East staff report and recommendations to council was just released 
@joshvisser @robyndoolittle @AdrianMorrow @MargaretAtwood I like it. This is turning into a media "Dragon's Den". Bring it, @BuzzFeed !
City also reviewing using planter boxes &amp; "other kinds of separation" at some points to improve the aesthetics of cycle track installation.
Bike lane extended by converting right side curb lane on Richmond and Adelaide to cycle track w painted buffer and flexi-post bollards
"If approved, (bike lane) extensions of the pilot project will be installed this year in the fall, after the Pan Am and Para Pan Am Games"
City staff will propose extending Richmond St., and Adelaide St. cycle tracks eastward from current eastern limits to Parliament St.
City says preliminary feedback on separated bike lanes on Richmond St., Adelaide St. and Simcoe St. have been "positive", want to extend...
City announces Woodbine casino consultation at Etobicoke Olympium on Monday, 6:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.

‘Things are going to be A-OK in Alberta,’ Notley promises 
Alberta’s giant killer Notley grew up with NDP titans 
@siomo "handsy" - that is funny.
@gordperks @vlu was the real reporter there, I was passing by.
Uber rally in N-P Square. About 60 people here 
New Toronto city manager Peter Wallace introduced 
(W better photo) T.O. cllrs @joemihevc &amp; @joe_cressy toast @albertaNDP's "orange crush"  victory #abvote #topoli 
Five hours later, city council appoints Peter Wallace as city manager 
Ontario youth wait a year or more for mental health care: report 
(Although I'm pretty sure I heard her colleague say "tell him 'by the end of the day' and then they'll be happy when it's earlier")
A city staffer tells me #GardinerEast reports for public works meeting will be posted here 
@pkbwood Valid question, will ask.
(@joe_cressy bought the Orange Crush king cans for himself, @m_layton, @JohnTory and Deputy Mayor @DenzilMW. Two of those people are Tories)
Toronto councillors @joemihevc &amp; @joe_cressy toast the @albertaNDP's "orange crush" majority victory #abvote #topoli 
Cllr Thompson wants staff to take film and video industry use of drones into account. Passes. City officially looking at drone regulation
Cllr @Thompson_37 asks for amendment to @JamesPasternak motion for staff to report on possible restrictions on drones over city property
Toronto city council back in session for second day of May meeting.
.@m_layton gets action? "Toronto may be at centre of globabl craft beer boom" 
@JProskowGlobal I know, eh? Aftershocks.
"It is an orange chinook," declares Edmonton NDP MP Linda Duncan. #orangechinook
So much for newspaper political endorsements, no matter where they are written.
It was a boring debate, I had been half-asleep and then almost fell off my seat. Didn't really believe it until read wires back in newsroom
Recalling night in 1990 when I was covering an election debate in Manitoba and NDP incumbent announced NDP had won a majority in Ontario
NDP heads towards a stunning majority in Alberta election, expected to form government 

@jpags @cllrainslie If council emerges having voted in favour of a Wild Rose minority government, I will be quite suprised.
What I wrote about is just economic evaluation by consultant HR&amp;A. Also being released is staff report w recommendations + public consult
@goldsbie Maybe we need city councillor body cams to find the truth?
I got hold of east Gardiner economic development study to be released tomorrow. It favours, on the whole, teardown 
As taxi vote read, man in white raises arms. Those in yellow, who wanted move to single plate reversed, not cheering 
New: Toronto council relaxes restrictions on food trucks 
Council chamber packed to overflowing for upcoming taxi reform item 
City council about to resume. Vote shortly on food truck rules, then move into taxi reform debate. Council chamber packed to overflowing
On vote to considering making Toronto a "craft beer capital" @JohnTory says will do anything he can to encourage, good for city, residents
.@johnTory not swayed by heavy lobbying campaign, groups here in T-shirts, says that's "old city hall." Preferred food truck compromise
I'm here for the people not here wearing a T-shirt - the taxi-using public, @JohnTory says
"I'm going to continue advocating for the people," to get best service, price from innovation: @JohnTory
On Uber applying for licence for cba part of biz, @JohnTory cautiously welcoming, says city needs overall ground transport review
"It seems around here ... That everything g comes back on a year for review": @JohnTory on talk that food truck rules will need future rejig
.JohnTory talking to reporters re: food trucks. Toronto dragging itself into the future. Happy for compromise
@monique_muise soy sad!
@JohnFurrToronto I loved it. Read it at a cottage and felt like I was in a wonderfully weird zone. Next up: Knife Fight
(Sorry for self-promotion - I promised the very nice folks at TPL that I would spread it around. Now I'm done.)
Here is my @torontolibrary book list 
Nice folks at @torontolibrary asked me to recommend some favourite books. I was happy to oblige, incl work by @robyndoolittle &amp; @DavidNickle
Throwback Tuesday to Toronto's previous run at healthy street food - the A La Cart Experience 
After all that food talk, recess for lunch. Expect a vote on food trucks shortly after we return at 2 p.m. Where can a guy get a fish taco?
Mammo winds down. Says a truck parking near a mom&amp;pop restaurant that has paid its taxes is an "injustice" that will need to be fixed
Cllr Mammoliti predicts rule of 30 m separating trucks from restos will eventually come back and be increased to 50 m
Cllr Mammoliti predicts fight between restaurant owners and food truck operators who park nearby, "going to see a lot of arguing"
Cllr Mammoliti says he's not going to move any motions - try to amend the food truck proposal - will just vote against it.
.Cllr @JoshMatlow heralding compromise, gives props to resto and food truck owner @Caplansky, and John Kiru of TABIA - merchants' group
"Finally we are giving Torontonians what they want, what they have been asking for for ages. Finally we are freeing the food trucks"Cllr MMM
Happy Food Truck Freedom Day, says @mary_margaret32. Finally offering delicious, delectable food on our streets.
Just deleted a tweet - it was Cllr Mammoliti, not Mayor Tory, who said neighbourhood merchant groups are still unhappy
Cllr Mammoliti says still concerned family restos threatened by food trucks. Says their signs will be covered by "these monster trucks"
.@JohnTory on fd trk compromise: "I don't think anybody's overwhelmingly happy with this, but they're content" &amp; means public is the winner.
Lots of opinions aired on way to here but consultations were respectful, "non-strong arm" way, says @JohnTory, shout-out to @JoshMatlow
"Does it run the risk of not working out perfectly? Absolutely" But still need to embrace positive change, says @JohnTory
So should allow it to flourish while making sure all involved get a "fair chance." As council say "yes" more, altho sometimes "Yes, but"
"Competition and choice pose challenges ... for established interests," @JohnTory says. Unwise to stop or bar or block innovation
Mayor Tory says saw food trucks in Austin that were very much part of SXSW festival, added to dyanism.
.@JohnTory says public correctly believe imagination, innovation, positive change add to vitality of city for residents and visitors
Speaker Nunziata hushes taxi folks who were drowning out @JohnTory
"It makes making sausages look good," @JohnTory on food truck efforts of past to get to this point.
(I envision truck getting prime spot, then selling it to another vendor, then saying city can't reduce value... Call it the "taxi model")
Cook says would have to come back with info if council wants hybrid model - dedicated spaces for some, others would roam
.Cllr @norm: If we carved out specific spaces, go to highest bidder? Cook: Haven't turned mind to it. In Boston, 3 ppl to schedule trucks
City licensing boss say didn't want to get into dictating exact spots where trucks park and serve, but will look at it if council wants
Every pay-and-display spot on a major arterial is a food truck zone but can't be within 30 m of a restaurant.
"I wish they were going out into the suburbs" city staffer in response to food truck question from Cllr Perruzza.
City licensing boss says, re: Pan Am, ability to move food trucks if needed.
@MargaretAtwood @AdrianMorrow Over to you, @TorontoStar editorial page editor @andrewphil !
Eco. Dev. general manager on restos and food trucks: "On balance they're probably opposed to them," but recognize good to liven up streets
@AdrianMorrow @MargaretAtwood Asked like a true elite. What's next - you want delivery with a red ribbon &amp; vintage Jag?
"I think our proposal ... is one of the most liberal and business friendly propositiona," compared to food trucks in other cities:city staff
City licensing boss Tracey Cook says there are 77 licencsed food trucks -- 17 of them applied for the mobile permit. Rest on private proprty
Cllr @JayeRobinson asks if city monitoring pollution output, enviro footprint from food trucks. City staff say no plans but could
@MargaretAtwood @TorontoStar @globeandmail @nationalpost  I super strongly recommend @TorontoStar. Globe targeted at ppl who earn $100K-plus
@CPnewsboy @CdnPress I super strongly recommend @TorontoStar. Globe targeted at ppl who earn $100K-plus.
@arthurgibson100 No. You only need to declare conflict when you or family member would benefit financially
Cllr Mammoliti and pro-reform taxi rep 
Cllr Mammoliti walked away, saying iTaxi members would be putting themselves out of business.
Small confrontation just now at back of gallery between Cllr Mammoliti, who wants to roll back taxi reforms, &amp; rep for pro-reform group
Will escalate the process of tickets for vending without a permit this year, says Tracey Cook, city's licensing and standards boss
Were a few charges in 2014 for ppl vending from food truck without a permit, but focused more on education than penalties.
City staff saying vending zones only in pay and display areas and local councillor will be able to apply to have them there, otherwise won't
Cllr Moeser asking re: trucks on collector roads. Worried about them clogging things up when ppl stop to get food
Now back to council. Food truck item finally up 
(Ok, I hate guessing games - my list includes great books by @DavidNickle and @robyndoolittle ) 
Two of my recommended books are by T.O. city hall scribes, past and present. Guess which ones? 
In my endless campaign to convince ppl I can read, I convinced @torontolibrary to list a bunch of books I recommend 
Council votes to recess for lunch 10 minutes early - 12:20 p.m. - so they can go outside for VE commemoration
We haven't actually started debating any of many items on the agenda. This is about point @JohnTory says, in more words, "Get on with it!"
Cllr Pasternak wants to adjourn 10 mins early today so cllrs can go to N-P Square for V-E Day recognition
So we will hear the hot-button taxi reform issue 
The council chamber is extra chilly day.
(To be clear, @TO_Ombuds report was not *about* @TorontoRobFord conduct - she probes civil service - but can't talk security w-out him)
Cllr @cllrainslie puts hold on @TO_Ombuds report on city hall security. @TorontoRobFord, whose misconduct is chronicled in it, did not
Item is adpoted is 38-4. @TorontoRobFord, who opposes tree-chopping prohibition, had company from Holyday, Campbell &amp; @CarmichaelGreb
Latest of @TorontoRobFord votes - application to remove a private tree 
New to me - a councillor holding items and pre-voting on them - but unusual to have a councillor facing @TorontoRobFord's circumstances
"Councillor, I voted no. I would never vote yes," @TorontoRobFord says to guffaws from colleagues. (Has a long career of being lone no vote)
@annhui fo shizzle
Cllr @mary_margaret32 holding item calling for review of city's tree policy. "It looks very intriguing"
"I don't know if I'm going to be here (next couple of days) - for very serious reasons," says @TorontoRobFord, voting "no" on some items now
@annhui Not in the standard CP stylebook but it does appear in the 2013  "Thuggin' talk" addendum.
@neville_park "Councillors may well also get up in each other's grills over food trucks. Toothpicks put out for later"
Wildcards are the raccoon-proof green bin (cries out for props), city manager (gas plant past?) and becoming Craft Beer Capital (hoppy)
I expect councillors to get all up in each other's grills on items incl. taxi reform, ombudsman security report, &amp; Scarborough subway.
Cllr Thompson putting a hold (wants to debate) Cllr Pasternak's push for city staff to debate regulating zones flying over city space.
Cheers! Can Toronto become the world’s craft beer capital? 
So huge # of people in gallery waiting for taxi reform item might have a while to wait. Not a key item, don't yet know if time will be set
.@doniveson met Mon. w Star's editorial board. "Alberta’s NDP surge exposes cracks in the Tory monolith: Editorial" 
Food trucks item is @JohnTory's key item, will be first thing discussed today. Appointment of city manager will be discussed in private
@LadySnarksalot About to get into holds. Will not be surprised if holds some for debate, but don't know yet.
So we're still in the commercials before the movie. Councillors touting certain items. This looks to be a looooooooooong meeting #topoli
.@TorontoRobFord is here. Next Monday he is to undergo surgery to remove the cancerous tumour in his abdomen #topoli 
Thompson said other trips planned to Austin and Miami. "This is a new frontier for economic development," and will be (oft-criticized) trips
@JohnTory has been invited to visit Saudi Arabia, Thompson said
Eco Development chair Michael Thompson talked up Toronto-promoting trips to India, Brazil and Abu Dhabi
I couldn't resist asking @doniveson for his prediction for #abvote. "A minority government, but who it's going to be I don't know."
... and how he managed getting around T.O. given gridlock.
Chatted quickly w Edmonton mayor @doniveson. Will blog later - we talked @JohnTory leadership on cities issue, federal elxn commitments...
@MiroslavGlavic Recommendations eventually come to council, vote in camera, announce in public only the winners.
@MiroslavGlavic Civic appointments is a totally closed process. Don't want to embarrass failed candidates.
@beausaunt Sorry, will grab a coffee and dial up the snark.
@GreenYEGtv @doniveson Alas, no UP Express yet. Opens June 6 
but, adds @DenzilMW, happy to go back &amp; take another look. May come back and ratify earlier all-male decision, or may alter recommendation
"There were, I believe, 3 or 4 women selected for interviews," for TTC board, says @DenzilMW. "We thought we did the best that we could"
.@DenzilMW says TTC candidates chosen by committee "excellent" &amp; "outstanding" but @JohnTory has asked him to reconsider as no women
@BennyWert Sussex Strategy, premiere city hall lobbying firm hired by standard plate owners &amp; agents, knows what they are doing.
Mayor @doniveson is, we're  told, airport-bound, will see that little #abelection thing unfold tonight. Hopefully T.O. traffic will allow
Sorry for blur - this is #Edmonton Mayor @doniveson visiting T.O. council. 
That's a joke because of this: Doug Ford ready to take over some of his brother's duties 
.@JohnTory jokes that is RoFo needs help with constituency matters, "we have all manner of reinforcements here," no need to bring in anybody
.@JohnTory saying to Cllr Ford re surgery - we know u are a fighter, are in hands of family and excellent care system, speedy recovery ...
Whether lifting babies, or garbage, or frail elderly ppl, you are putting your health at risk, Cllr Davis tells city staff
Dr. Sheela Basrur Award for workplace injury reductions being presented to children's services 
45.5% reduction in time lost to workplace injury by children's services, 57% reduction in recent years. Applause
Dr. Sheila Basrur Award for reduction of workplace injuries. First runner up - long-term care homes. Winner - Children's services
City council writes its own jokes, really.
City staffer Randall Ross supposed to be here to get major public service award - absent. "I believe he is tied up in traffic": city manager
City manager Joe Pennachetti speaking. This is his final meeting after 6 years as Toronto's top bureaucrat. Out of building April 8
"I look forward to having a great term as your chief," @marksaunderstps concludes. More applause
"I will be honoured to work with you to keep Toronto safe," he says, referring to public, and work with police board.
"If we treat everyone with dignity and respect...then we will be successful" in keeping our city safe, says @marksaunderstps
"I'm so grateful for your support," says @marksaunderstps, says was overwhelmed by outpouring when he was named as TO's first black chief
"I love my job" no way would leave TPS or Toronto, says @marksaunderstps after standing ovation from council and gallery.
.@JohnTory says @marksaunderstps believes "there are different ways to do policing in the 21st century"
This is no doubt to combat perception, based on reality, many who want status quo never drive a cab - lease out plates or are middlemen
Yellow shirts of taxi folks who want to rollback move to single plate say "Cab  driver for __ years" on front. Some have filled in #s
.@JohnTory says policing in T.O. at turning point - How do we do it, how do we pay for it, how do we build trust in a diverse community
.@JohnTory intro'ing new Toronto police chief @marksaunderstps, is lauding the selection process that settled on him.
White-shirted group in favour of taxi reforms outnumbered 3 or 4 to one by anti-reformers 
Council chamber gallery packed with taxi industry folks for item on rolling back taxi reforms #topoli 
Almost forgot - also on council agenda - @TO_Ombuds security report.
Pushback from @TorontoRobFord? 
.@pmharper's personal "24/7" media team broke media ban on showing faces of soldiers in Iraq and Kuwait, CBC says 
- Scarborough subway extension development charge - 
-- Push to make Toronto a "craft beer capital". 
Drink!
-- Raccoon-proof green bin - 
Drones -  
...
-- City manager selection - 
-- TTC board make-up --  
...
Items of interest - Food trucks, up first. 
-- Taxi reforms -  
...
Can you feel the magic? Council day! Meeting likely to run until Thurs, maybe even Fri (but council's turbo gear usually kicks in Thurs aft
ICYMI: Mayor John Tory supports swapping some cops for civilians (via @torontostar) 
Live May 5 - Access to services chat (via @torontostar) 
Uber Canada to apply for Toronto taxi licence  (via @torontostar) 
.@JohnTory poised to buck intense lobbying push to roll back T.O. taxi reforms when issue goes to council today 
Justin Trudeau pledges tax hike on richest 1 per cent in Liberal economic proposal (via @torontostar) 
Questions swirl over Canada's Pan Am men’s basketball lineup (via @torontostar) 
The epic legal battle for Omar Khadr’s release  (via @torontostar) 
”Death everywhere” in Aleppo from barrel bombs: Amnesty (via @torontostar) 
Toronto coffee shop owner murdered on trip to Kentucky Derby (via @torontostar) 
Fact-checking 10 claims made by parents against the Ontario sex-ed curriculum  (via @torontostar) 
Burlington doctor admits to sexual abuse (via @torontostar) 
@shelleycarroll The op-ed writer does research. I have alerted the desk of the mistake. It will be fixed.



#ONSexEd
The first Green Party member of the PEI legislature is a charismatic dentist 
Nature and neglect on the Don River  (via @torontostar) 
Trudeau: Hike taxes on rich, cut taxes, boost child benefits (via @torontostar) 
‘Wild West’ scheduling holds millions of Ontario workers hostage (via @torontostar) 
Duffy Dictionary reveals what ‘common sense’ really means (via @torontostar) 
Eve Adams closing gap in Eglinton-Lawrence (via @torontostar) 
Thousands of parents keep kids home from school in sex-ed protest (via @torontostar) 
Uber, taxi firms need to co-exist, says Mayor John Tory (via @torontostar) 
@RonWheeler98 Wow, I would have been hard-pressed to compare Toronto's taxi mess to Iceland's fishery, but you have pulled it off, thanks
Whether it's up to city to maintain a commodities trading system in licences to operate cabs will make for interesting debate at council
In speech he ref'd the investment of "standard" plate owners - don't know how u can worry bout that *and* move to single-tier plate
Re: @JohnTory and taxi reforms, we'll have to see at council if he votes to roll reforms back and, if not, if he sways other votes.
@TdotRome @vlu Haha
.@ChantalHbert on 89.5 CIUT - great insights, serious stuff + laughing at GIF of herself doing an "epic eye roll"
Interesting that rare alliance of Deputy Mayor @DenzilMW, @gordperks &amp; @Janet_Davis could not beat push to scrap intro of 1-tier taxi plate
Reversing plate reforms &amp; dealing w Uber were not cojoined, but @JohnTory has made them so
There was a huge lobbying effort by premium plate owners to reverse reforms. If council agrees, this is a big win for them
Sounds like @johntory going to let Cllrs @jimkarygiannis &amp; Mammo lead scrapping of taxi reforms that took yrs &amp; included costly court battle

‘Wild West’ scheduling holds millions of Ontario workers hostage (via @torontostar) 
Kimmel, Bieber and a selfie: Strange moments from the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight 
Why Sarah Palin should run for U.S. president: Hepburn 
What would the Gardiner Expressway look like if it was your own private thoroughfare? 
For Toronto, less Gardiner means more city: Hume 
Fundraiser for black church unites community 
Harper vows ‘unconditional support’ to troops in fight against ISIL 
Nepal forced to close main airport to large aid deliveries 
Is a Kincardine deep geological repository the solution for nuclear waste? 
Baltimore mayor lifts curfew as tensions ease 
Brampton councillors prepare to grill report’s author 
Rum runners and whisky cargoes: Toronto during Prohibition was anything but dry 
Floyd Mayweather cements legacy at Manny Pacquiao’s expense: DiManno 
If Prentice falls in Alberta, he will have defeated himself: Tim Harper 
Kindergarten 'staggered start' to end in Toronto 
TD’s $300 billion man moves away from the stock market 
I chewed khat, and the world didn’t end: Fiorito 
David Goldberg, SurveyMonkey CEO married to Sheryl Sandberg, dies 
Ottawa seeks emergency stay to stop Omar Khadr’s release  
#Harper Govt opposes release of #OmarKhadr on grounds it would harm relations with #US but #StateDept …
FBI replies to Stingray Freedom of Information request with 5,000 blank pages via @BoingBoing 
@beausaunt You too! Sorry!
I don't know from boxing but should an all-time great spend so much time backing up? If there were no ropes Mayweather would be in Arizona
These guys are brilliant businessmen.
#MayPac
@beausaunt Mayweather by decision, but Manny held his own
@beausaunt Hahaha. I saw Mark Wahlberg grinning like mad, so he's driving the Mini
@beausaunt Haha, only cricket is more opaque.
@beausaunt Not yet! He is landing lots, but then Mayweather battles back with some real pounders. Hard to say what's going to happen
Exciting, but more holds than a library in the Annex
@beausaunt I think she fights Bieber right after this!
Just can't decide if Alice or Charlotte is going to win this fight.
Clinchweather

Omar Khadr’s bail release not an issue for U.S., spokesperson says 
How Canadians celebrate their identity — it’s all in the hyphen  
Toronto ‘Shadow Cabinet’ mentorship groups inspiring next generation of minority leaders (via @torontostar) 

Wanksy: the mysterious street artist who gets potholes fixed faster with drawings of penises 
@Joseph_Hannan @fkelly25 @TorontoStar Volunteering to work for a council certainly is. Are rules person agrees to follow
The video for "Love Will Tear Is Apart" was filmed 35 years ago today (h/t @SunReporterYuen) 
Like balloons? The real-life ‘Up’ house could have been yours (via @torontostar) 
"If there's no bottom line, then there's no money that goes to charities. We won't make donations to charities," Mawji said
@JoanneFaryon Oh how I envy you! But so well-deserved. Heck, have a cream soda too
Alberta CEOs warn that an NDP govt. would cut their profits so charities get less donations (h/t @AdrianMorrow) 
@BautistaBomb @TorontoStar Nothing stopping him from being at city hall. He says he will focus on ward
Housing sales in Calgary slump for the 5th consecutive month 
@beausaunt @fkelly25 @TorontoStar Elle, what is the logic you speak of?
@LadySnarksalot I asked city for rules on councillor's "volunteers". They can help with constituency issues, so no privacy issues I can see
@purlgurly @LadySnarksalot Not terrible. He says he doesn't plan to. We'll see. Also, I suspect the press gallery secretly is with you
@LadySnarksalot He says he's focusing on the ward but then got very animated talking about the need to break up the "Kumbaya" at city hall
@LadySnarksalot No worries. Bottom line is he has signed up as councillor volunteers: no standing at meetings, can't vote
@LadySnarksalot Argh. Call me and I'll read it to you.
@LadySnarksalot It should be this 
@chriscaple @TorontoStar Sorry. Will alert elves

Doug Ford ready to take over some of Rob Ford's duties 
Toronto's last porn theatre to become rock climbing gym 
Liberal government ‘truly sorry’ for bungled welfare system rollout 
Toronto boxing fans face bar stools battle for Mayweather-Pacquiao bout 
This weekend: Beautiful weather 
I always use him as example of "often the bigger or more accomplished the star, the nicer they are." He had no airs, no demands, super nice
I was lucky enough to meet "Stand By Me" Ben E. King once, when I had this bonkers-great summer job as media-PR assistant at Ontario Place
‘Stand By Me’ singer Ben E. King dies 
Former Queen’s Park top bureaucrat Peter Wallace tapped to be Toronto's new city manager (via @torontostar) 

New picks for TTC board include no women 
Star photog Colin McConnell is a talented, twinkle-eyed gentleman. Our raffish industry is diminished by his exit 
Thornhill represent! Five highlights from debut season of NBA Rookie of the Year @22wiggins  

Star's "Garrison Ball" report, breaking story that Toronto's mayor had a serious substance abuse problem, was published in March 2013
So, if I'm reading this right, Toronto's city manager knew in March 2012 Mayor Ford was openly drinking, and being drunk, at city hall.
Joe Pennachetti told ombudsman investigator he realized not all info regarding mayor's activities going up the chain, changed protocol
Interesting. Although St. Pat's 2012 drunken Ford incident reported by email, not security report computer system, was sent to city manager
Later, ombudsman report does note that, in Rob Ford rush up stairs a "cameraman was knocked down on the staircase"
"We probably could have done a better job controlling the situation," city manager Joe Pennachetti told ombudsman investigator.
City manager Joe Pennachetti told ombuds investigator security should have acted more quickly once Fords engaged ppl in gallery
Senior individual from clerk's office, tho, said security should have realized that videotaping gallery was "potentially disruptive action"
(But that defence of inaction ignores that they affected actions at the meeting. Code of conduct complaints made after the fact)
Ombudsman security report says that when asked about Ford rush or aide filming, security director Nichol said council code of conduct issues
.@TorontoRobFord justified it: "If they [individuals in the gallery] can take pictures of me, 
I should be able to take pictures of them."
Re: Ford aide Jerry Agyemang videotaping gallery members, another Ford aide said some in gallery were making "rude gestures" at mayor
.@TorontoRobFord told ombudsman investigator the McConnell incident was "blown
out of proportion" &amp; he "briefly" apologized to her after
.@TorontoRobFord "rejected the characterization that he ran over the Councillor," ombudsman security report says.
Ombudsman's investigator interviewed @TorontoRobFord re: running over @PamMcConnell28.
Interesting that @JohnTory supported firing managers for subway over-run but "no position" on security lapses that saw people knocked over
... But Globe &amp; Mail said at time, and still says, its photographer Fred Lum was pushed down. Odd omission by @TO_Ombuds
In crazy rush up stairs, 1 guard slipped and fell. Ombudsman report says no injuries reported by guards or media ...
"Security described media as “very aggressive” with their questions," at food truck, made barrier around Ford on way back to city hall
Volatile information swirling, will be media interest, better to have in controlled place. But then heard Ford gone out, sent 2 guards out
Ombudsman's report reveals security told Ford's chief of staff not good idea for him to go through NP Square to food truck
In Feb. 2013 Nichol's position was elevated from manager to director, corporate security 
City won't say if anybody disciplined or fired as result of ombudsman's findings. Director of security, Dwaine Nichol, is still in his job
"Asked why a security report was not filed, the (security) Director said the email 
describing the events constituted an incident report."
Under city policy, when reports of council member misconduct, director of security branch to notify city manager through COO. Did not happen
Report was emailed to manager but not filed in city's iTrak system for security reports.
“Due to the nature of the incident with the Mayor, we will not be submitting reports”:security officer who witnessed Ford St. Pat's Day 2012
Rejigged @TO_Ombuds story: 
First blush story, lots more to come on ombudsman security report on City of Toronto security in the time of Rob Ford 
"...but did not file the required report in the security reporting system. The result was that only other security staff could see it."
On St. Pat's Day 2012 a city hall security officer emailed his superiors that Ford arrived with two companions and went into his office...
On 1 occasion, "a security guard covered a security video camera recording the mayor while he walked, reportedly intoxicated to his car.”
Security staff often allowed Ford to leave through an entrance from city hall’s underground parking lot to avoid encountering the media...
.. training for staff to deal with the new reality."
City security "did not respond in a consistent manner to the changed environment. Managers delayed in proactively adopting new measures &amp;...
City of Toronto security's response to Ford's actions were “retroactive” and “fell short of expectations"
Security managers were “slow to respond” to Ford’s desire to treat security officers like bodyguards, ordering them around himself.
Crean found that, during Ford term 2013-14, city security failed to fulfill its mandate to give equal protection to all individuals
First-blush story on ombudsman security report about to hit 
T.O ombudsman report into city security is released 
Let's see, what's wrong w this @Independent sentence: "America was also represented by San Francisco, Toronto, Chicago and Los Angeles."
In Youthfulcities index, Toronto beaten only by New York, London, Berlin, San Francisco and Paris
Toronto is 6th best city in world to live in when you're young: survey 
13-yr-old was model of generosity. To honor her, dad asks: "I want people to do nice things for each other" 
Kathleen Wynne finally meets OPP in Sudbury bribery probe 
10 things Christopher Hume loves about Toronto. No. 3 is… 
Roving weather cars to provide updates during Pan Am Games 
European Court justifies some bans on gay men donating blood 
Rescued Boko Haram captives severely traumatized, Nigerian army says 
Questions were raised about pilot’s depression before Germanwings crash 
Orioles, White Sox play to empty stadium in wake of Baltimore riots 
Kathleen Wynne rejects parents’ plea to withdraw sex-ed curriculum 
Dry cleaner objects as Crown makes final arguments in Sandro Lisi drug trial  
Murderball will make Parapan Am Games debut on home soil  
Senate expenses proposal would ensure public told of reimbursements, Tory senator says 
Chief Mark Saunders says abolishing ‘carding’ would lead to more crime 
Nepal survivor recalls moment earthquake hit 
Rare move by Ontario appeal court overturns jury verdict  
Canadian Andrew Wiggins to be named NBA rookie of the year Thursday: Reports 
Prisoner busts out of Old City Hall court — through a window 
@MiroslavGlavic @ivanvector The word "twist" there hurt me a bit.
@ArleneBynonShow That was fun, great to chat to you again.
@MiroslavGlavic Anyone could complain, I think.
In updated story here "One source said ..." 
New detail @TO_Ombuds story: Official in charge of security tried to deflect blame, said city hall press gallery didn't complain in writing

Chief Mark Saunders promises action to improve police relations with black community 

@MattGoerzen @AybRand @thebrandonsun Thrilled any newspaper is hiring, much less the voice of Westman. Pls annoy @PerryBergson for me
Changes, @JohnTory said, could include using previous board-approved-but-not-implemented policy as a "framework"
Phone died near end of @JohnTory speech/q&amp;a but takeaway was carding policy will get thorough review after 6 mos and he is open to changes
.@Johntory says he has heard criticism of new policy, is listening, &amp; policy will undergo a "rigorous" review after 6 months.
Oh, now he's talking carding. Past practices were unfair, @@JohnTory says. Says w "pure heart" recent policy was "the best we could do"
"At root of addressing violence is "getting ppl productively employed" &amp; giving them equal opportunity, says @JohnTory
.@JohnTory seems to be winding up, appears he won't mention the much-criticized carding policy that he supports as police board member
.@JohnTory talking taking private job fairs into racialized communities.
Commends Starbucks for program to hire 10% of ppl from poorer neighbourhoods. Other corps have accepted his challenge to do likewise
Favours "targeted programs", example is youth arts program in neighbourhood improvement area to develop self-confidence.
But @JohnTory says he is not in favour of mandatory affirmative action programs because they do not work.
Jobs- responsibility to ask ppl in business, labour, academia etc on increasing job opportunities for young people.
.@JohnTory says he knows ppl at summit know people of colour over-represented in group on outside looking in, he wants them to know he knows
Biggest issue in T.O. Is gap between those living comfortably &amp; those outside looking in, says @JohnTory
"We have to broaden out # of people" who know stats in "news that is not good news," says @JohnTory
"I know many of u in this room," says @JohnTory. Talking up recent event raising up young people.
"We need partners," @JohnTory tells African Canadian Summit. "...I'm going to invite u to be my partner when it comes to jobs"
.@JohnTory speaking to African Canadian Summit - says was privileged to help select @marksaunderstps as new chief
.@marksaunderstps asked re: criticized "collateral damage" remarks, says "The proper term should be the social cost"
At African Canadian summit, outreach worker comdemns "humiliating ritual" of carding as @marksaunderstps &amp; @JohnTory listen in audience
Push by some councillors to undo T.O. taxi reforms threatens increased wheelchair accessibility: advocates 
Brampton family fights city's demand to tear down little library (via @torontostar) 
(City security failed to intervene when Fords were baiting council gallery prior to mayor's charge that knocked over McConnell)
.@PamMcConnell28 says being run over by Rob ford gave her a fat lip &amp; whiplash that required extensive physio to heal
“...with the Office of the Ombudsman throughout the implementation of the recommendations.”
"... during the last administration. The city is committed to continuous improvement and will work collaboratively ..."
City of Toronto statement: “It was an unprecedented time and city hall security was placed in a difficult position   a number of times...

Blitzer uses questions like water torture when #Baltimore activist refuses to say exactly what Wolf wants him to say  
@neville_park Meh

@SiriAgrell Sorry - should have had a trigger warning. I am a little freaked out re-reading. Still can't believe he is gone
JJ, you will never be forgotten.

"I may have forgot to... 
One year ago today we lost the amazing @jmdjenkins. I am far from alone in missing, daily, his intelligence, wit, generosity &amp; love
Vancouver city councillors, being schooled on today's killer bud 

1,500 school bus crashes since 2010, but contractor info remains secret 
This ‘green’ home renovation cost $300,000 
Does streamlining court system mean compromising justice? 
Follow Star's @ddale8 for updates from the streets of #Baltimore
if you follow city/Toronto/#toPoli issues, follow the Star's @LaurenPelley today for coverage of @CivicActionGTA's #bettercitybootcamp
Nurses in First Nations outposts lack required training: Audit 
Toronto man using Google maps "shortcut" in Newfoundland goes astray, has to be rescued 
CivicAction Bootcamp: Q&amp;A with the Insurance Bureau of Canada’s Mary Lou O’Reilly  
Divided City/United City: The series so far 
CivicAction Bootcamp: Q&amp;A with Toronto Community Housing’s Hugh Lawson 
Ontario open to ranked ballots, shorter municipal campaigns, other civic election reforms 
Live chat Wednesday: Bridging divides on housing affordability 
Would-be truckers face traffic jam before road tests 
But stopping people to talk to them is "a completely legitimate" police activity while racial profiling is "illegitimate" and "wrong"
.@metromorning brings up Desmond Cole carding column, Bill Blair says "It's not acceptable" he feels a prisoner in his own community...
Bill Blair on @metromorning, says "I've always advocated for a smart approach to crime," sees "no inconsistency" running for fed Liberals
@cllrainslie @TorontoStar Interesting there is so much interest in rail travel these days

WATCH LIVE: 

"Duly Quoted" from @DavidHains on @JohnTory spokes on Finch and Sheppard LRTs 
Search continues for Canadian travellers in Nepal 
Brampton probe of $500M deal ready for release 
Drone video gives bird's eye view of Nepal devastation 
The son of Davy the Punk is back in town: @joefiorito 
The anti-"three strikes"? Treatment court let Kathy Middleton escape addiction &amp; help others while saving jail costs 
Cure for "3 strikes"-style jail filling? How treatment court rescued Kathy Middleton from her addiction 
Battle shaping up over east Gardiner options 
@GetachewS Nope, but the police webmaster missed the memo.
@CorComm Maybe. I have never seen it but must do, given topic and that Jeffrey Tambor is fantastic.
I think that scratching sound is Aaron Sorkin writing conflicted dialogue for the first trans Republican president of the United States
.@chrisjamesdrew @StevenDelDuca @JohnTory It's a procurement announcement, so not exactly breaking news, but confirmation it's proceeding
Battle shaping up over east Gardiner options (via @torontostar) 
.@StevenDelDuca making Finch LRT announcement tomo, 9:30 a.m., Humber College, w @JohnTory, Etobicoke N. MPP Shafiq Qaadri &amp; Metrolinx prez
Wow. 
@BhargaviVarma If he does, I'm not trying with him!
@joe_warmington Or maybe T.O. got so crazy it was controversial for police chief to say "disappointed" to see our mayor smoke crack cocaine
In which @TMZ chronicles Cllr @norm throwing shade at @Drake for shaking hands w Wizards' @paulpierce34 
@BhargaviVarma Narrowly missed 2 Everest earthquakes and the Boston bombing. Wild.
What to see at Hot Docs 2015  (via @torontostar) 
Toronto's Nepalese community rallies to aid quake victims (via @torontostar) 
Nepal earthquake: a roundup of relief efforts (via @torontostar) 
Two close calls for Toronto residents in Nepal earthquake  (via @torontostar) 
Indie theatres grab attention at opposite ends of Bloor-Danforth (via @torontostar) 
Province urged to counter lies about new sex-ed policy being spread by some parents 
Chlorine gas killing kids video horrifies UN (via @torontostar) 
Ports Toronto plan for new hockey arena on east waterfront welcomed - if obstacles  overcome, reports @powellbetsy 
Conference aims to extend courthouse dog movement in Canada  (via @torontostar) 
Beach couple vying for ‘Dream Job’ on Trans Canada Trail (via @torontostar) 
Heinz recalls baby food over possible spoilage (via @torontostar) 
Obama and Cecily Strong’s best jokes from the White House Correspondents’ Dinner (via @torontostar) 
Horror and healing: Germany's chemical legacy (via @torontostar) 
How the premier won a mandate to privatize: Cohn (via @torontostar) 
Sudbury teachers join Durham’s on strike (via @torontostar) 
Tehran
Haiti 
Lima, Peru
Padang, Indonesia

Inside Canada’s saddest room — working to curb the trade in child porn 
Nepal earthquake: Death toll climbs to over 2,200 as aftershock hits 
Huge scoop for @yowflier: Former T.O. police chief Bill Blair hopes to become a Liberal MP 
.@SunReporterYuen talks to activist and city hall force @SusanGapka about being trans &amp; the Jenner opportunity 
Also heartbroken for ppl of Kathmandu &amp; its tourist industry. Years of Maoist attacks scaring people off, now such destruction. So unfair.
Horrified to see many familiar Nepal sites reduced to sticks &amp; stones. Fingers crossed for Abir Malla &amp; his Holiday Mountain Treks crew
on Mount Everest, expedition company says. #NepalQuake 
@makeTObetter @m_layton It has to be a big Styrofoam cowboy hat that says "Tell me about your pothole!"
@criches @TorontoStar Me too. Chris is great.
@goldsbie Another day I saw L-G Yvon Dumont playing baseball w his boys on the lawn of Government House, his new home on the leg. grounds
@goldsbie One day I could barely find the leg. because of thick smoke from farmers outside city limits burning off crop stubble in the fall.
@goldsbie Most beautiful workplace I'll ever have. Also, island of formality &amp; opulence in a fundamentally informal, still-rural city
@goldsbie Wow. I worked in that amazing building for 18 months &amp; had no idea, even tho I'm fan of freemasony weirdness. Maybe it rubbed off

In which @japgs tries to bolt for sports (I threw an orange flag) "Argos’ fate rests on talks with mystery group" 
Ontario children in care are treated differently based on where they live and the agency caring for them 
.@GOTransit's new #unionstation concourse aims to give riders a more comfortable commute  
Ontario elementary teachers in strike position May 10 
Migrants from Africa, culpability in the West: Burman 
10 things Christopher Hume loves about Toronto. No. 6 is… 
Anatomy of the house explosion in Scarborough 
CivicAction Bootcamp: Q&amp;A with CAMH's Dr. Ash Bender 
A1 opening on @wendygillis story "Why @marksaunderstps is a 'bittersweet' appointment for Toronto’s black community" 
Kids today. "15-year-old Markham science fair champ on how he dreams up wind tunnels, smart wheelbarrows" 
.@BenSpurr w a #dividedicty story: "Waiting for a bus that takes forever: Welcome to Toronto’s ‘transit desert’" 
.@RyersonU is holding a solutions-seeking symposium based on @TorontoStar's #dividedcity series  
Terrible. "Nepal earthquake death toll approaches 700, expected to rise" 
@MiroslavGlavic Thanks Miroslav!
Congrats @pkuitenbrouwer on a great, beautiful looking syrup-wars story 

@judemacdonald @jpanimages @SwanBoatSteve @causalitybrunch @BrazMenezes @PaulaFletcher30 My colleague @powellbetsy is asking questions.
@jpanimages @SwanBoatSteve @causalitybrunch @BrazMenezes @PaulaFletcher30 Water, sewage, power have to be figured out by P.T., I think
@jpanimages @SwanBoatSteve @causalitybrunch @BrazMenezes @PaulaFletcher30 My understanding is no services to that site.
6.1 magnitude earthquake hits B.C.’s north coast 
From @powellbetsy: T.O. city hall, where replacing a 2-storey home w a 5-level medical centre is a "minor variance" 
.@JohnTory offers anecdotal evidence that he has eased gridlock, read messages from grateful Torontonians. (DVP closed this weekend)
For those who like skyscrapers... 
Background on the last hockey arena proposal for the east waterfront, and the one before that 
What say you about this, @PaulaFletcher30 ??? 
@bugler Is there a definitive number? There was a study recently on Vancouver that suggested foreign ownership of property not that high
So, John Tory, how about that Plan B now?: Keenan 
@ClicheGuevara @c_9 But maybe there is part I don't understand. (taps the app) @Uber - how do you calculate 8K person years?
@ClicheGuevara @c_9 ...and I think it's safe to assume that most Uber person years are ones that have simply shifted from elsewhere
@ClicheGuevara @c_9 Yes, I'd like to see the math. I have trouble believing that many more ppl are going to take uber/taxis ...
Uber claims it will create 8,000 jobs in Toronto in 2015 
Honda rolls out first plane, a business jet based on design of a high-heel shoe 
Federal public transit plan more stop than go: Hume 
Frog Watch team is looking for a few good amphibians 
Not much junction left in Toronto’s Junction: @shawnmicallef 
Province unveils $130B infrastructure push in Ontario budget 
Owner reunited with his ‘bluebird,’ a stolen vintage sports car  
How we get bribed with our own money on transit: James 


@KristinEff Soggy with milk, it goes down a treat for me.


@KristinEff Cap'n Crunch
@MiroslavGlavic My pleasure!
@bruce_arthur @VancouverSun @AndreaWoo The guy who confirms them - red eyes, laughs a lot?
Trade delegation from Saudi Arabia is watching today's executive committee.
A small victory for Toronto food trucks: "50 metres from restaurant" rule may shrink to 30 m 
ICYMI: Committee votes to undo T.O. taxi reforms, dispatches the divisive issue back to city council 
I will go just to urge Joe to write the "tell all" book that I suspect will stay locked  in his well-coiffed noggin
Retiring City manager Joe Pennachetti gets an impressive poster for May 14 farewell bash 
On Star city hall blog Scrum: This morning's Twitterfight between @DenzilMW and @jen_keesmaat  
Deputants raising concerns with P3s, Infrastructure Ontario's performance ...
Executive committee now on the other Scarb subway item, Scarborough Subway Extension - Project Delivery Options" 
In case you haven't seen it - elevator up new World Trade Tower gives riders a visual trip through Manhattan history 
Bailao and Shiner motion passes, as done main motion. So development charges for Scarb subway pass, with staff looking at a phase-in
"SmartTrack is a Toronto project" @JohnTory adds, taking further umbrage at Davis's concerns DRL is being pushed down the list
.@JohnTory also takes umbrage at @janetdavis characterization of federal budget transit money as "repackaged" - "It is new money" he says
In a whole bunch of words, @JohnTory says he is fine with council taking a bit more time to look at timing of development charge intro
Cllr Shiner moves amendment to Bailao motion that seeks to ensure a phase-in of development charges will not decrease the $165M revenue
Cllr Bailao motion to look at phasing in the development charges for Scar subway, believes city and developers can come to an understanding.
... and could have been funded 100% by the province had it been an LRT."
"... and here we are looking at a piece of infrastructure that yes should be financed with development charges that I think was foolhardy...
She noted it was the #1 transit priority defined by T.O. council in terms of growth ...
"The relief line is going to go down in the history books once again and that is very sad," added @Janet_Davis.
"We are going to find it hard to finance all the projects," on the books, says @Janet_Davis .
.@janetdavis arguing Scarborough subway, SmartTrack etc. are pushing Downtown Relief subway line down the city's priority list.
SmartTrack funding proposals coming forward late this yr and early next yr, says city manager Joe Pennachetti
Duck! Toronto city councillors eye permits for drone use 
@jen_keesmaat @DenzilMW Curious what prompted blocking and if you blocked any other councillors.
He says in a scrum @jen_keesmaat wants to cash cheques the City of Toronto can't afford.
So Twitter block brings Deputy Mayor @DenzilMW public in criticism of city's chief planner @jen_keesmaat
"Developers are getting a good deal," on charges even with the Scarborough subway surcharge, says @DenzilMW
Her statements put other civil servants (giving other advice) in a bad light, argues @DenzilMW
"I do have some concern" about @jen_keesmaat going public advocating initiatives the city cannot afford, says @DenzilMW of @jen_keesmaat
"I have blocked ppl before, oftentimes when they've used bad language or harsh language," says @DenzilMW
I find it unusual for the chief planner to block a member of council, says @DenzilMW of @jen_keesmaat
(BILD, now asking for delay in development charge hike until Feb. 1, is major lobbying group for Toronto builders and developers)
(Development surcharge for Scarb subway paid by developers, passed on to home buyers, is 10% res., 11% non-res. to raise $165 million)
Switzer -BILD not opposed to subway, development charge, but don't put in such a major DC increase in Aug. 1 - delay until Feb. 1, 2016
Frequent city hall deputant Hamish Wilson is slamming the Sheppard subway as a "sinkhole", huge waste of money, "let's reset."
Now on to Development Charges By-law Amendment - Scarborough Subway Extension  w overview of the study 
Or, as some might see it, the nanny state looks up.
No councillors, including Cllr Pasternak speaks, and it passes unanimously. Executive council wants city staff to study regulating drones.
Only other deputant on drones is not here.
In Dundas Square there are 80 cameras pointing at you every minute of your life, concludes @MiroslavGlavic
Only bad thing about drones, he says, is if he's giving a speech and the noise drowns him out. Repeats drones no diff than cellphone cameras
Airspace - isn't that supposed to be federal? asks @MiroslavGlavic. Fed regulations say can't go near Pearson, military sites
No difference if I use a drone or if I take out my phone and take a picture of Cllr Pasternak, says @MiroslavGlavic
"I have a drone", says @MiroslavGlavic. He has YouTube video of Scarb bluffs. "When u are in public, u have no right to privacy."
Now the famous @MiroslavGlavic about to speak on the drone item
.@cllrainslie motion to call for a ban on microbeads passes unanimously. Will go to council. 
@BenSpurr That was news to me, and I'm sure to many councillors. Great work, Ben
Here is drone agenda item 
Also on the agenda - Duck! Cllr @JamesPasternak wants "a strategy governing the use of drones in the City of Toronto's outdoor spaces"
Inspiring. "Toronto’s Dr. Jean Marmoreo goes out on top, winning age group in her last Boston Marathon" 
Executive committe about to start at Toronto city  hall 
Air quality map shows Toronto’s most polluted neighbourhoods 
Looking for parks in unexpected places: Keenan 
Court bid against Toronto Life fails to stop publication 
.@JoshColle repeats hoping other parties match or better Conservative commitment. Also happy with Mississauga LRT funding. And that's it.
"We're at a tipping point" for congestion and answer is capital projects but also sustainable operating funding, says @JoshColle
"We need more sustainable operating funding," says @Colle (federal pledge is only capital funding to build stuff). Need to "make the case"
Of federal requirement that funded transit projects be P3, @JoshColle sounds okay with it, says it helps municipalities spread the risk
"We're also not ready to start building," @JoshColle says of 2017 date for money to flow
.@JoshColle says recognition of need for ongoing transit funding welcome, hope it starts "oneupmanship" among federal parties pre-election
.@JoshColle comments from yesterday 
.@JoshColle about to talk transit and federal budget on @metromorning
Tory, Colle, differ on federal budget transit funding (via @torontostar) 
@TOAdamVaughan @ttcriders When will we see the Liberal transit strategy? Have to wait for writ drop?
... is to get a better level of service for what we currently have, and so as TTC chair I think that’s our top priority."
SmartTrack "will be one of the TTC’s priorities, but at the same time," @JoshColle said, "I think our priority at the TTC ....
.@JohnTory categorically said his top priority is getting SmartTrack built; @JoshColle said top priority for him &amp; TTC is current service
... really isn't accessible until 2017, and that's just a smaller portion. We need way more details...,": Colle, while welcoming transit $
.@JoshColle on fed. budget: "Considering what we need to build just with SmartTrack alone, it's not (a lot of money) and the funding...
.@JohnTory also said: "SmartTrack is my top transit priority", will apply for federal funding right away.
... in history, Canada has a permanent national fund for transit that will soon add up to $1 billion annually for transit projects.”
.@JohnTory was bullish on budget. “I believe this is a major step forward for Canada and for Toronto. Finally, and for the first time...
Interesting contrast in reactions to federal budget from @JohnTory and his hand-picked TTC chair @JoshColle
On TCHC repair funds, @JohnTory says he didn't get what he wanted in fed budget but will keep pushing
On food truck change today to 30m barrier between trucks and restos, Tory ok with it if that's compromise
.@JohnTory hopes other federal parties will match or better transit and other funding for cities in ext ion platforms
"I'm looking at this glass as half full, @JohnTory says of transit funding, after reported noted Ont finance min says it's not nearly enough
.@JohnTory also hoping $ for housing support in federal budget will help Toronto's social housing
"Toronto now has partners at provincial and federal levels to get transit built in this city,": @JohnTory, will ensure TO gets "fair share"
Traffic and congestion now a key priority for feds as it is for city, will be putting SmartTrack forward for fed funding
@JohnTory calls transit funding a major step forward for Toronto and Canada - forst time permanent stable funding
.@JohnTory about to react to federal budget
Fed budget transit funding to rise to $1 billion/yr by 2019. Won’t begin flowing til '17 --$250 million, rising to $500 million in 2018.
Taxi driver reps emerge from meeting with @JohnTory's staff. Say they got promise of meeting w mayor before May council meeting
Conservative government unveils scattergun election budget (via @torontostar) 
Crawford on federal budget: "What I see so far is very positive" - "ongoing, consistent funding" that will help transit
City budget chief Crawford about to go on CP24 
Vaughan council votes to dock Di Biase’s pay (via @torontostar) 
But some of them are now meeting with the mayor or his staff, so it worked.
For the record, a communications person and union organizer were w taxi folks who stormed out of committee. Was not spontaneous
And rest of drivers head for the cafeteria to wait for their reps about to meet w mayor or his reps 
Taxi delegation just ushered into back door of @johntory's office 
They say chair Palacio had signalled committee would not back off move to try to undo reforms that would bring in single taxi licence
Scene in front of @JohnTory's office. Taxi drivers earlier stormed out of licensing and standards committee 
Here is the letter they are signing. Security in front of mayor's door. Lots of animated talking, milling about 
Taxi drivers are demanding to speak to @johntory. Signing letter calling on him not to reverse taxi reforms 
Taxi folks have gathered outside @JohnTory's office 
Cllr Mammoliti is blaming the fracas on ambassador taxi plate owners, says they "yelled the house down, basically", says he felt threatened
When taxi plates are on the agenda, democracy sounds like a riot.
(You will recall @JohnTory called last licensing &amp; standards meet., where Cllrs Mammoliti &amp; Karygiannis got riled over taxis,  a "disgrace")
Then others picked up the yelling and chanting. Chair Palacio wants to recess for 5 minutes to call meeting back to order.
Started with deputant who, when not allowed to speechify, started yelling at others to leave. "Nothing will change! Nothing will change!"
Mayhem in the council chamber during licensing and standards debate over taxi reforms.Yelling and chanting
Reminder - DVP closed this weekend, so a bit slower than usual 
"Get rid of the middlemen, do it now," says Moscoe, who spearheaded past taxi reform.
Moscoe wants city council to eliminate the agents who lease plates from owners and then lease them to drivers for a fat profit
"I know the widow and orphans card has been played, and has been played hard," Moscoe says of fight to keep premium-tier standard plates
Retired councillor Howard Moscoe, a titan on the civic scene for many years, is in fine form making a deputation at licensing &amp; standards
.@DesmondCole - huzzah for writing this brave and sobering personal story re: carding (it's not just a debate) 
.@DesmondCole has been stopped "at least 50 times by the police in Toronto, Kingston and across southern Ontario" 
Budget “goodies” don’t add up for family of four  
Rank-and-file support helped tip balance toward @marksaunderstps for T.O. police chief job, reports @powellbetsy 
@JoanneFaryon @JohnTory Nothing stopping us. Sometimes we do. This time, nobody did. For me, for budget, no real benefit
Lovely, funny and touching family notice in today's Star for Jonathan David Crombie 
Women make less, so pay less at Pittsburgh shop 
Canadian man charged over massive Wyoming chain-reaction crash 
Peel high school teachers set May 4 strike deadline 
(News camera operator to city hall security manager after we silently file out of photo-op: "Things aren't as exciting as they used to be")
(TV reporters wanted to ask @JohnTory about what he wants from federal budget but his office said this was strictly a photo-op)
Lieutenant Governor Elizabeth Dowdeswell seems genuinely puzzled at reporters &amp; cameras here to see her sign @JohnTory's guest book.
Honourable Elizabeth Dowdeswell, Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, signs the city hall guest book 
Honourable Elizabeth Dowdeswell, Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, heads into mayor's office 

 
Nothing draws a crowd like a taxi item at city hall. Many more men not in the photo waiting here. 
@cllrainslie @PWBaugh ... the intro and slides were fairly lengthy and some people left before the actual discussion started.
@cllrainslie @PWBaugh I think Peter's estimate of 100 to 150 is pretty good. Maybe closer to 200 at the start but ...
@deesublime @TessKalinowski FWIW neither Tess nor I wrote that.
A smart choice for Toronto's next police chief: Editorial 
Poor Torontonians get sicker, die younger despite a decade of efforts 
Pan Am Games baseball schedule announced 
New chief Saunders has the benefit of the doubt, for now: Keenan 
Toronto police carding policy reform will require super powers: James 
From @porterthereporter, w photo: For Hunter Kemp, 6, life w cancer means days of kid fun &amp; days of agonizing pain 
How was Shad's first day as Q host? 
One dead after explosion levels house in Scarborough 
Duffy used cousin as “eyes and ears” on P.E.I. 
How Hydro One ended up on the auction block: Cohn 
‘I can get married’ Fahmy says after news that Ottawa will issue him a passport 
Pull comes to push as the EU wrestles with the migrant crisis 
Most Canadians favour coalition if election ends in minority, poll shows 
Four things you didn’t know about the rise of new police chief Mark Saunders 
10 things to watch for in the budget 
Hurontario LRT gets a boost from Queen's Park 
Teachers’ strike starts an unwelcome education 
Venezuelan man with muscular dystrophy cheered while finishing Boston Marathon after grueling 20 hours 
I'm thunderstruck. "Phil Rudd, AC/DC drummer, pleads guilty to charge of threatening to kill" 
Wayback: In 2010 NYC food truck champion told me T.O. trucks should be licensed, health inspected, then set free: 
Follow @jpags for the food fight with a side of cab
Food trucks and taxi rules at licensing and standards committee 



@PWBaugh I am doing a write-in - a little design I like to call the "hybrid chicken wing"
@PWBaugh I think that's it for public sessions. Now they crunch email and other submissions, release staff report within a few weeks
@neville_park @MissStaceyMay Using a fax machine, somebody figured out how to get their driveway paved for a low low low price.

@PWBaugh Tough to say. Equally bad, methinks, to consider future of that 'hood based only on commute time to points east or west.
(There is no tunnel option on the table - that was a joke)
@PWBaugh Hey Peter - thanks. Maybe we'll both be at the tunnel consultation?
@PWBaugh To a point, yes. Lots in downtown 'hoods like Leslieville use it but have Lakeshore alternative. Also, will see results every day
@PWBaugh I talked to a "maintain" advocate afterwards - he lives in Leslieville!

@gordperks I am gone but no, no discussion of where any of the money would come from.
@Mr_MW_Smith Thanks! My pleasure
OK, I am going to go talk to some people. Have a good night, everyone.
But that's an imperfect assessment - based only on what I heard. Also, quite possible some people who spoke are from downtown
Scarborough - favour more costly hybrid option because travel times paramount importance.
Downtown - go for cheaper boulevard removal option even if it increases travel times.
So, based on what was said, we have the urban-suburban divide once again.
I was not at the first consultation, at the Toronto Reference Library, but accounts of it said that most people there favoured removal
.. expected to be released around early May.
Deputy city manager John Livey tells people here their remarks, along w those at other consultation, will be reflected in staff report...
We're pretty much done here. Closing remarks, thanking people for coming to the Gardiner East consultation in Scarborough.
... and which option is best for people who are going to use the site. So all but one tables either opt for hybrid and/or criticize removal
Also had concerns about time projections but was willing to sacrifice a bit of time in travel costs for something more cost-efficient...
Much cheaper (half cost) for removal, plus like it from public realm - creates a greater connection to downtown. Hybrid leaves more "mess"
Last table - contrarian approach! We were heavily toward the removal. Looked at it more from economic standpoint.
But table overall favoured hybrid option - didn't reduce gridlock but it certainly addressed it more than the removal option
Last table - concerns about gridlock and vehicle flow-through paramount. Look at travel needs of ppl who live in the area.
Want more information about traffic impact of 8-lane blvd. (under remove option) and also how difficult it would be to cross blvd.
"Our table leans slightly toward the hybrid option although there was good support for removal as well" but concern re: traffic impacts
With irreversible legislation to make public land stays public, doesn't become a "cash cow"
Next table - concern about travel times but also environment - want it to be pleasing, comfortable. Put as much as freed-up land for public
How do we protect the waterfront on east end. Experience in west end "doesn't make anyone very optimistic?"
Proosal - restrict major commuter roads during rush hour to cars only, no trucks. (EA says trucks need to use Gardiner in rush hour)
This table is concerned as all the other people here about the travel times and whether a reduction in lanes is going to make flow better
Another at his table: "Why is removal even on the table?"
Somebody in his group wonders why developer First Gulf has so much leverage to get hybrid on the option.
Shorthand - I think he is suggesting, as others have, that city and Waterfront is lowballing with the 3 to 5 minute estimate
Three to 5 minute delay projection for removal. Speaker says city using University Ave. volumes, quibbling with city-Waterfront #s
Maybe funds from development of First Gulf site could go to city to help pay for hybrid option.
Next table - sensing a trend here - primary concern is travel times. Don't trust estimate of increase in traffic 2 to 5 mins under remove
Public realm/liveability - mixed use and livability need to be one of the key drivers.
Next speaker says his table seriously questions travel time projections. Time-travel functionality more important than cost, esp. long term.
Table 4: primarily concerned with traffic, gridlock. If remove 2 lanes of traffic, "there is a cost to increasing gridlock" not factored in
Table 3 - discussion of enviro concerns re: Don River. Also want to look at other projects make sure not other construction same time
Next table - also about keeping traffic moving, don't stop flow of traffic. Worry that removal will create traffic problems.
Although lots of interest in public realm etc. there was "a lot of focus still on moving cars," not making decision hurting city in future
Table #1 - "Very lively discussion ... not just today's realities but future considerations."
Woman with mic is going to visit tables asking for one or two major points. This should be interesting.
@bunnyhero Haha. Unfortunately, no time travel options. The city and Waterfront Toronto have their limits, apparently...
At Scarborough's East Gardiner public consultations. Residents broke into small discussion groups, about to start asking more questions
@mikecheck74 I think that is a safe guess. Mayor's office wants it to go to public works committee in May, then to council in June but ...
@mattgurney 7.25
A: City  &amp; Wat. Tor. used best modelling software available but "modelling does not allow for statistical confidence to be assigned to it."
Q: What statistical confidence do you have in your travel time projections?
... it could be a little later, it could be 2040."
Q: why traffic times use 2031baseline? A: That's the forecast date for full buildout of the area but "whether that actually happens ...
@mattgurney Haha, no, no, then we wouldn't have a really meaningful discussion through the public realm lens, plus all the other lenses
Yes, council can do whatever it wants, doesn't even have to consider the environmental assessment.
Question: Councillors and public still have "maintain" and improve" options, yes, even though "bias" in presentation to hybrid &amp; remove?
To next question, reminder to crowd that this consultation only looking at Gardiner from Jarvis east, not at west part of Gardiner
First question - boulevard option reduce vehicle capacity from current configuration? Yes, some, that's reflected in increased commute times
@cllrainslie Where will your poor lifeguards go???
Important slide #3 (final) - Short-term costs of the various East Gardiner options 
Important slide #2 - long-term (100-year) costs for various options, including building, operating and maintaining 
@ZachMHenderson I think it's just a central reference point. Certainly no shortage of cars going to points downtown - Bay St etc.
Important slide #1 - showing projected travel time differences with the different Gardiner East options. 
Public realm - both remove and hybrid offer same public use improvements east of Don.
About 80% of truck traffic on E. Gardiner stops somewhere along downtown route, not much through traffic.
For cycling, need to consider putting more traffic at grade under remove option will involve safety considerations
Now the important slide showing projected future travel times under the two East Gardiner scenarios.
Both remove and hybrid partial-removal East Gardiner options will result in same transit opportunities, Scarborough public consultation told
For hybrid, staff decided to maintain Gardiner-DVP ramp where it is today. 750 m of ramp east of Cherry would come down, become 6-lane blvd
Changing traffic signals &amp; turn lanes on boulevard "remove" option cut projected extra travel times from 5-10 mins to 3-5 mins, crowd told
Crowded school cafeteria at Scarborough's East Gardiner public consultation 
(Given @JohnTory's interest in freeing up  land there for development, the leave-all-up option seems, to me, to be the longest of shots)
Although staff not presenting fix-and-maintain option as a real option, crowd told city council could in fact vote for that
City depty manager said need a decision from Torontonians &amp; council soon. Expway 60-plus yrs old, to delay is to "risk consequences"
.@WaterfrontTO CEO John Campbell outlined options to big crowd here. "There's going to be some pain either way," incl icommute times to east
Those being tear-down east of Jarvis, turned into 8-lane street-level boulevard, or leave up to DVP connection w teardown e of Cherry
So far a briefing on the situation now- crumbling 60-year-old span - driving toward the 2 city staff-proposed options for the future
I am at the Scarborough public consultation of the East Gardiner environmental assessment.
