so I must pull away. quickly detach myself from him. shove everything down and move the fuck on
feeling ignored or like you don't exist are probably two of the worst feelings ever
don't you just love feeling if you didn't constantly txt someone and remind them you exist they would probably not even notice you stopped
laying on the deck smoking, looking at the stars,  spilling more tears, 4 am confessions followed with more dancing and laughing
I do remember dancing on the patio. I remember the unbelievable urge to txt N and the tears and reasons not to that quickly followed.
texts however I don't know I'm rather good at cleaning up any drunken evidence of poor choices I may have made.
there is a rather big grey area from last night and I don't clearly remember everything I know I didn't drunkingly call anyone thank god
there has to be a happy balance
as much as I crave the passion/intensity I want the goofy play off each other laugh until it hurts and just get each other so much more
dear alcohol I have missed you. however watching one of my most favourite funny rom com movies backfired. I cried a little too much
so I'm tryin my hand at this drinking thing. hulk smash. 
once upon a time this was my post orgasm must have 
ok the Thor comment was pretty good and made me giggle. a lot. 
what a coincidence C texted me and gave me a tiny ego boost 
he makes me feel like a sexual goddess yet they don't seem to work on the one person I want them to. he's like my own brand of kryptonite
I'm not use to having no effect on the male species C always talks about my magical temptress powers
but I don't want to deal with his face or cock. how bout you just eat my pussy we smoke a bowl and I go about my merry little way
days like today when I'm stressed or my ego needs a boost its oh so tempting to call A for the ego fluffing
I need him to fuck me like the naughty dirty little girl I really am leave me sore/bruised to remind me I belong only to him (and him to me)
I need someone to respect, cherish me, want to take care of and protect me like I'm his most valuable possession.
we get some DQ sit in the back of my car(go) area looking at the stars, nightdreaming, talking, laughing an if I'm lucky a little snogging..
I'm still waiting on my jake ryan moment...I get off at 9 on a Saturday night he surprises me by waiting in the parking lot with daisies
now I'll be bold as well as strong and use my head alongside my heart so take my flesh and fix my eyes a tethered mind free from the lies
I don't really even like Mumford &amp; Sons but this is being played every other song 
what does it say about me when my own thoughts and deepest desires scare even me?
I need someone I be this open and vulnerable with.. it excites me oh so much 
I need a man to chase/woo me as much as I do him if I feel I'm the only one doing all the chasing I will move on. don't ever stop chasing me
I want someone to realise when I'm overthinking or we are fighting, I need you to grab me and shut me up/stop me in my tracks by kissing me
I need someone not afraid to call me on out my bullshit when I start to build a wall and pull/push away. self sabotage is my speciality
I want a verbal and physical sparring partner. I want someone to challenge me in every way. I want tickle fights that turn into so much more
ridiculous text or photo. make up a funny song or poem. make me laugh so hard I can't breath. the little things matter, more than you know
I'm a hopeless romantic and I both love and hate this about myself. I love cheesy romance. unexpected things. make me giggle. send me a
I think I need a good snogging and spanking. that should give me the attitude adjustment I so desperately need.
let's destroy each other in every imaginable way. I want to devour every last fucking drop of you. an you'll love it.
of intensity/passion with his own. make me yours. own me. leave a mark on my heart and soul not just my ass. all consuming heady passion.
I need a man who isn't afraid to tell or show me how he feels about me. I'm just as scared. I don't hold back. I need him to meet my level
I wish I could put the hermetic wall I had back up life was easier with no emotions/doubts/thinking/tears I took what I wanted and moved on
the arse every time you text him. yet he is the one you cry over. can't stop thinking about and wish would pay attention to you.
the other doesn't seem to care anymore. never texts you. never calls. never asks how your day was. you sort of feel like an annoying pain in
one boy texts you every single day no matter if you were a cunt to him the day before. he's always there for you. yet you don't want him.
I was made to keep your body warm but I'm cold as the wind blows so hold me in your arms
settle down with me I'll be your safety you'll be my lady 
take me into your loving arms kiss me under the light of a thousand stars place your head on my beating heart 
I need this to happen. soon. le sigh. 
repeatedly telling me how big your cock is and how good you can fuck me is an utter waste of your time I'm like Fort Knox not gonna happen.
when did going out to dinner suddenly equate to mandatory sex. i don't give a fuck how big your cock is, it's not going to change my mind.
I hate dating. I've decided I'm going to be a nun. it'll be so much easier.
how does one politely tell their former fuck buddy thanks but no thanks, really it's you not me, without sounding like a selfish cunt
dearest partner in crime. it's been two months. I miss your face. everyday. my pride refuses to let me be the one to make the first move.
like the answer to it. however I'm pretty sure I know the answer I just need to confirm it for my own bloody piece of mind.
have you ever had a burning question you both need to know the answer to in order to move on yet at the same time you know you won't
today might be the day my overthinking finally breaks me.
am I the only one afraid to be excited/talk about the possibility of something that makes you inexplicably ecstatic for fear of jinxing it??
letting yourself be happy with someone is the most terrifying thing in the universe. once you’re happy it can be taken from you.
honey you hold the only key to entering the heart of me and setting all my demons free...please 
and i say, i'm sorry i'm so crazy i'm astounded by your patience and you say, believe it or not baby
the joy you bring me still outweighs it
I fell three times this weekend...two I recall very clearly..the third happened so slowly I'm not sure when it happened exactly.
at what point do you wave the white flag &amp; walk away why hang on to the tiny nugget of hope for something that will most likely never happen
realising you are probably more of a rebound then a potential mate is utterly disheartening
how is it possible to be so incredibly sad over the possibility of losing someone you never really had
