'CSI' to end after 15 seasons with possible TV movie next year: After 15 seasons on air, "CSI" has reached the... 
iHeartRadio Fiesta Latina Coming to Miami Nov. 7: After premiering in Los Angeles in November, iHeartMedia wil... 
Billboard Music Awards Predictions: Sure Things and Oddities: You already know that Taylor Swift is going to c... 
The Future Of Investing ESG Portfolios: Changing Beliefs, Perceptions And Goals: The Future Of Investing ESG P... 
Suarez and Ter Stegen push Barcelona to aggregate win vs. Bayern Munich: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to ... 
Fanfic Star Anna Todd On How The Internet Made Her Famous: Todd and her medium of choice, the online writing c... 
Skype Translator Is Now Available For Everyone, No Invite Required 
Eric Harris Was on Meth When Tulsa Deputy Shot Him: Autopsy: An autopsy report revealed Tuesday that Eric Harr... 

10 Best Free Things to Do in Madrid 
Fanfic Star Anna Todd On How The Internet Made Her Famous: Todd and her medium of choice, the online writing c... 
How Elon Musk Really Feels About Family And Work: The Tesla CEO says he never berated an employee for missing ... 
Tesco to close Homeplus stores: Tesco will close its six remaining Homeplus stores with the loss of as many as... 
Rising Demand, Weaker Dollar Boost Oil Prices: Crude climbed after OPEC boosted its global oil demand outlook ... 
'American Idol' Finale Ratings: See the Up-Down Journey Over 13 Seasons: There are plenty of things you can sa... 
DoubleLine's Gundlach: Puerto Rico munis not a 'big bet' for firm: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jeffrey Gundlach, chie... 
State of the Art: Verizon’s Data Trove Could Help AOL Score With Ads: The Verizon-AOL deal is just the latest ... 
Vicious Debt Cycle Haunts Greece: Athens will repeatedly run an obstacle course to pay billions of euros in de... 
Blackhawk Wins In Gift Cards; E-Cards Next?: Call it the gift that keeps on giving. Gift-card facilitator Blac... 
Apple Watch's downfall? Rich women, analyst says: A top research analyst posed an interesting theory as to why... 
Carlyle's Rubenstein: Brazil best despite problems: Brazil is hardly a consensus target for investment, but so... 
Don't expect 'rate riot': Nouriel Roubini: The Fed has already telegraphed what it is going to do, economist N... 
As GoDaddy Posts Another Quarterly Loss, Wall Street Looks To Growth Potential: GoDaddy reported another unpro... 
Kissing cousins, arranged marriages and genetic diversity: In the first study of its kind, a research team led... 
Republican SEC Commissioner to Step Down: Daniel Gallagher, a Republican member of the Securities and Exchange... 
Things to Note on the Afternoon of May 12, 2015: Must- and Should-Reads: Alex Harrowell: “It might, however, b... 
Fed Officials Tell Markets the Training Wheels Are Off: After years of telling markets what to expect on the i... 
Zillow higher after resuming trading; Market Leader weighs on sales:  
Flanigan's reports Q1 results:  
Moody's downgrades Chicago debt to junk with negative outlook:  
GM Recalling More Than Half Million Malibu Sedans, Pickup Trucks: General Motors will recall about 522,000 veh... 
You down with TPP? An explainer on Obama's 'secret' trade pact: Everything you wanted to know about the Trans-... 
EasyJet is doing so well that it should glide through a spot of turbulence: There's not a lot easyJet's chief ... 
Singapore: IMF Staff Completes 2015 Article IV Mission:  
Jessica Alba Is in Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood' Video: We were getting a real Sin City vibe from all these tease... 
Popolare Vicenza, Bankitalia lascia correre Zonin nonostante i risultati: Alla fine a fare il passo indietro n... 
Barca strikers seal semifinal success: Bayern Munich restored some pride by winning the second leg but the dam... 
Karlie Kloss Has Figured Out the Perfect Travel Outfit: With Memorial Day weekend in just two weeks, thoughts ... 
6 Things That Should Go in the Obama Museum: Barack Obama's presidential library will be in Chicago. Here are ... 
Age of Ultron Is Proof Marvel Is Killing the Popcorn Movie: Some time in the middle of Avengers: Age of Ultron... 
Rolls Royce Dawn: An Erotic Awakening For Beautiful People: It excites both men and women – "they want it, the... 
Tony Robinson Shooting: No Charges in 'Lawful' Use of Force: The Madison, Wisconsin, cop who shot and killed u... 
AOL - the internet survivor: As Verizon plans to buy AOL for $4.4bn, we take a look at the rise, fall, and ris... 
Jian Ghomeshi Case: Two Sexual Assault Charges Dropped (Report): Prosecutors have dropped two sex assault char... 
Deal Professor: After Pay-to-Play Scandals, Evaluating Pension Funds’ Middleman: Placement agents are supposed... 
Ben Carson's Dangerous View of the Law: Did he really say the president doesn't have to obey the Supreme Court? 
Man accused of selling fake In-N-Out franchises: One California man has been accused by prosecutors of selling... 
A quarter of cars produce most of road's pollution: About 95 percent of the road's pollution comes from this g... 
Inexplicable Stock Surge? Here's How To Predict The Next Short Squeeze: Data provider Markit has created a sho... 
Play of the day: Lewandowski's fancy finish: Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski levelled the match against Bar... 
Thom Yorke 'Creeps' Onto Unexpected Sex Ed Book Cover:  
Stocks Close Lower; Molina Healthcare Nears High: Stocks finished lower Tuesday but well off their lows, which... 
Barcellona, che lezione a Guardiola: finale a Berlino!: Messi-Neymar-Suarez danno spettacolo all'Allianz. Come... 
GM halts factory in southern Brazil amid shipping standoff: SAO PAULO (Reuters) - General Motors Co said it su... 
Financial Crisis Lessons Ignored: Have our lawmakers learned nothing from history? 
Shelby’s Banking Proposal Would Also Determine Future Of Fannie Mae: Senate Banking Chairman, Richard Shelby (... 
Ddl anticorruzione, Di Matteo: “Si cambi registro, no a palliativo rispetto al male”: La mafia ancora da sconf... 
Composer Philip Glass's Childhood Gig: The composer’s love of music began at his father’s record store in Balt... 
New Kids on the Block Get Deep on Boy Band Breakups and Going Commando:  
Adnan Januzaj scores as Man United under-21s thrash Man City: James Wilson and Adnan Januzaj scored as Manches... 
Your Team Never Mattered So Much: Organizations around the world are facing similar challenges: As we become i... 
Latest college with financial problems: ITT Educational Services: Things are tense in the world of for-profit ... 
Rocket's Lazada And Zalora Lost $235.3 Million In 2014 But Are Moving Toward Profitability: Losses for Rocket ... 
Kacey Musgraves Announces Sophomore Album 'Pageant Material,' Due June 23: Kacey Musgraves' sophomore album is... 
U.S. Monitoring Another Iranian Ship Headed Towards Yemen: Pentagon spokesperson Colonel Steve Warren said tha... 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
Deal Professor: After Pay-to-Play Scandals, Evaluating Pension Funds’ Middleman: Placement agents are supposed... 
Save the Pensions: No Sudden Moves, Please: Illinois should cut benefits slowly, starting immediately. 
Ikea recalls 75,000 safety gates after failures: Ikea is recalling about 75,000 safety gates in the United Sta... 
Why Treasury yields could be topping: Treasury yields shot higher Wednesday morning and then fell back like a ... 
Data guru Hickey says this sector is 'overvalued': Big Data investing guru Paul Hickey of Bespoke Investment G... 
Daily Dividend Report: CLX, FDS, BRCM, WM, NDSN, QEP: Clorox Company (CLX) increased the quarterly cash divide... 
Partisan rancour hits regulatory bill: There is little consensus on a new financial reform effort 
Infermiere di Emergency positivo al test Ebola, l’associazione: “E’ in buone condizioni”: Lo annuncia in una n... 
XE Market Analysis: Asia - May 12, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisThe dollar ended mostly lower in N.Y. trade... 
U.S. Treasury Bonds Rally: U.S. Treasury bonds rallied Tuesday and eliminated an earlier selloff as buyers ste... 
Banks not buying what the US government is selling: Total U.S. government debt holdings by the 18 largest bank... 
Southwest pilots announce strike preparation as contract talks lag: (Reuters) - The pilots union at Southwest ... 
Must-Read: Medicins san Frontiers: The Trans-Pacific Partnership: A Threat To Global Health?: Must-Read: Medic... 
How Much Finance Is Too Much?: Emerging economies stand to benefit from greater financial market openness to f... 
UIL Holdings declares $0.432 dividend:  
Sprint, Verizon paying combined $158M in cramming settlement:  
Boeing plans to keep defense scale, CEO says:  
The high price of cheap manicures: what can consumers do?: Many salon workers are badly paid and risk their he... 
Alternative Tests for Serial Independence: The following question arose in a (fairly) recent email from Dauman... 
Picasso Masterpiece Sells For Record $179 Million: Pablo Picasso 1955 painting “Women of Algiers (Version O),”... 
Rail companies in line for compensation if strike hits: Network Rail would have to offset the financial hit ta... 
Jamaica: IMF Staff Concludes Review Mission:  
Top 100 'American Idol' Hits of All Time: When American Idol premiered on Fox-TV on June 11, 2002, it was far ... 
What More Volatility Means for Momentum Stocks: Volatility has risen recently for both stocks and bonds, and t... 
Athleisure Trend Scores -- Good For Nike, Under Armour: Nike (NKE) and Under Armour (UA) are among the athleti... 
Better Search Will Transform How You Use Instagram: Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger says that on a given day... 
'Fast Track' Trade Authority Fails Test Vote In Senate: A bill to give presidents so-called fast track trade a... 
Nymex Oil Settles 2.5% Higher: Oil futures climbed on Tuesday, buoyed by a weaker dollar and expectations for ... 
Diagnosed With Autism at 21---and OK With It: Lydia Wayman, diagnosed with autism at age 21, has learned she d... 
Deflate-Gate Lawyer: I Wasn't Out to Get Brady: Brady was suspended four games, and the team was fined $1 million. 
Better Search Will Transform How You Use Instagram: Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger says that on a given day... 
Man Utd - better off under Glazers?: A decade of trophies, record transfers, debts, commercial gains and 'erod... 
Is The GOP's Enthusiasm For Tax Cuts Going The Way Of American Idol?: The silence is deafening.  Remarkably, R... 
All This Battery Hype Should Make Tesla Investors Nervous: Musk tried to make the Powerwall sexy, but in the e... 
Stocks Move Off Session Lows; GoDaddy Up Ahead Of Earnings: Major averages were still in the red but near sess... 
Best Coast Outdoes Itself on Surprisingly Sharp ‘California Nights’: Album Review: Long past the height of the... 
Verizon-AOL Deal Put Together by Boutique Advisers: Credit for putting together the $4.4 billion deal goes to ... 
Harris &amp; Crowell’s Classy Return, Leonard Cohen’s Live Souvenir  &amp; More: Harris and Crowell won a Grammy with ... 
Nomura, RBS face $805 million damages after U.S. ruling: lawyer: NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge's ruling th... 
AT&amp;T-DirecTV deal unlikely to be blocked: WSJ: (Reuters) - AT&amp;T Inc's $49-billion bid for DirecTV is unlikely ... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Economic Scene: As Global Number of Pupils Soars, Education Falls Behind: Globally, more children than ever ar... 
Last gasp Jack: Eichel scores late in OT to push U.S. past Slovakia: The Americans finish atop Group B as a result. 
How Many Degrees Do You Need to Teach Middle School?: States are making it pretty hard to hire good teachers. 
Trade deal 'fast-track' stumbles ahead of vote: A major trade deal may have failed its first test in the Senat... 
Why does Tom Brady make so little in endorsements?: Tom Brady only makes $7 million in endorsements, underscor... 
Fans try to crowdfund Patriots' ‘Deflategate’ fine: Fans are seizing the opportunity to get this American foot... 
Monkey farms in Florida under scrutiny from officials: Tucked away in Florida's Hendry County, amid the scrub ... 
Q1 2015 U.S. Investment Banking Round-Up: Equity Underwriting: Taken together, revenues for the five largest b... 
Promises of spring stirred by credit thaw: The economic benefits of a fillip in lending conditions will play o... 
Sanità: morti dopo dieta dimagrante, chiesto giudizio per 11: The post Sanità: morti dopo dieta dimagrante, ch... 
Soybean Prices Fall as USDA Forecasts Big Crop: U.S. soybean prices fell Tuesday after federal forecasters pro... 
THIS will be critical for space travel: SpaceX exec: This is the crucial factor for space travel proliferation... 
Video: Game Theory:  
Sales of Tom Brady Merchandise Double: Tom Brady is not only the most-talked about football player right now. ... 
Bio-Path reports Q1 results:  
Drexel Hamilton downgrades Micron; shares -2.6%:  
Protesters halt work at Atlatsa's Bokoni platinum mine:  
Global markets rattled over Greece debts as Osborne talks tough on EU in Brussels: British chancellor’s warnin... 
U.S. Marine Corps Helicopter Missing in Nepal: The UH-1Y Huey with two Nepalese soldiers and six U.S. Marines ... 
Nevermind the bias; the way things are going, the BBC will be obsolete within a generation: Technology is unde... 
How we’ve all been duped into subsidising our employers: Paul Donovan, economist at UBS, is perplexed by cycli... 
Answers to All Your Questions About the Mad Max Universe: Cue up Verdi’s “Requiem, Dies irae” and get ready fo... 
Liberia: IMF Staff Completes Review Mission:  
What Is Strategy, Again?: 

If you read what Peter Drucker had to say about competition back in the late ’50s ... 
Guerra presidente esecutivo di Eataly dal 15 ottobre: 
Dal 15 ottobre l'ex ad di Luxottica lascerà palazzo Chi... 
Promises of spring stirred by credit thaw: The economic benefits of a fillip in lending conditions will play o... 
ESPN confirms: Bill Simmons got no heads up: Read full story for latest details. 
Restaurants' Secrets to Keeping VIP Diners Happy: Databases, clandestine food deliveries and other ways to ple... 
The Prettiest Cannes Film Festival Dresses of All Time: Few spots are as fashionable as the Cannes Film Festiv... 
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
Bordeaux Prices Drop, but American Wine Lovers Yawn (Wine Spectator): The strong U.S. dollar means 2014 Bordea... 
Why Does The Console Need To Die?: Yesterday, Nintendo made news by announcing that there would be no more new... 
Snoop Dogg’s Pharrell-Produced ‘Bush’ Is a Half-Baked Effort: Album Review: As an idea, Snoop Dogg's 13th solo... 
Stocks Dip In Afternoon; Oil Names Up, Hospitals Fall: Stocks pared early losses in early afternoon trading Tu... 
University of Virginia Dean Sues Rolling Stone Over Debunked Gang Rape Story: A University of Virginia associa... 
Ecco come Isis minaccia l’Italia dalla Libia: L’Italia è nel mirino dei jihadisti dell’Isis? Si moltiplicano i... 
UK wine production hit record highs in 2014: UK winemakers are toasting a bumper 2014 harvest as production co... 
Fed's Williams Wants  Rate Hike a 'bit Earlier': San Francisco Fed President John Williams said Tuesday that h... 
EUR/USD treading water near 1.1230: FXStreet (Edinburgh) - The shared currency is now consolidating the daily ... 
Wolfsburg deny interest in Man City striker Edin Dzeko: Wolfsburg have rejected reports that Manchester City s... 
University of Virginial Dean Sues Rolling Stone Over Debunked Gang Rape Story: A University of Virginia associ... 
Verizon Decides a Network Isn't Enough: Owning a telecom pipeline isn't what it used to be. 
Feds unlikely to block AT&amp;T-DirecTV deal: Report: Federal authorities are unlikely to block AT&amp;T's proposed ac... 
THIS will be critical for space travel: SpaceX exec: This is the crucial factor for space travel proliferation... 
Fed's Williams argues for earlier rate hike: The Fed hiking interest rates "a bit earlier" allows the U.S. cen... 
Ex-Super Typhoon Noul's final warning issued by Joint Typhoon Warning Center: Noul's outer bands lashed Luzon'... 
SEC charges ITT Educational with fraud: College operator and its executives engaged in ‘campaign of deception’... 
Vodafone Smart Prime: Lollipop e 4G a prezzi modici: L’ultimo modello dell’operatore è uno smartphone LTE da 5... 
China outlook even worse than imagined: Analyst: The worst of the Chinese slowdown is still ahead because of t... 
Oil Prices Gain on Demand Forecasts: Oil prices maintained their gains Tuesday after two widely watched market... 
Corinthian Should Just be a SideShow: Neal McCluskey

To hear the national discussion, you’d think openly for... 
Department of “Huh?!”: Noah Smith Claims the British Economy Today Is Not in a Keynesian Slump: Real productio... 
Fed’s Williams Says Much Data Still to Come Ahead of June FOMC Meeting: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco ... 
Throw This Camera Drone in the Air and It Flies Itself: The Lily is a drone that doesn't need a controller, or... 
Investing is 'God-like,' says Shark Tank's Barbara Corcoran: Entrepreneurship is the way to battle some of the... 
Why Verizon Bought AOL to Achieve Domination: Verizon already provides the cable and cell service that consume... 
Twitter paid $87M-$128M to buy Periscope, Niche:  
Like It's 1999: Why Verizon Bought AOL To Achieve Domination: Verizon already provides the cable and cell serv... 
Bill in Congress aims for online gaming ban:  
Midday Gainers / Losers:  
Listen to 911 Call in the George Zimmerman Shooting: Police are looking for witnesses to the shooting. 
The upsides and downsides of an early EU referendum: There have been several stories over the past few days cl... 
Opec revises up oil demand and cuts US supply forecast: Oil cartel has upgraded its demand forecast on stronge... 

Nicki Minaj, Wiz Khalifa &amp; Imagine Dragons Join Billboard Music Awards Lineup: Just hours after we learned tha... 

Equatorial Guinea: IMF Staff Concludes 2015 Article IV Mission:  

Tivùsat, come vedere (gratis) la tv italiana in UK:   Vedere la televisione italiana a Londra è più facile di ... 
'The Rules are What Matter for Inequality': Mike Konczal:
 The Rules are What Matter for Inequality: Our New R... 

Senate Democrats ready to revolt over TPP 'fast track' authorization 

Republican bill to ease bank regulation: Draft financial reforms snub Wall Street institutions 

La scuola e gli insegnanti secondo il Pd - Il Fatto Quotidiano 
Humana, Cigna Rally On Expectations Of Aetna Offer: Humana (HUM) and Cigna (CI) shares rose Tuesday on expecta... 
NYC Fashion Calendar: Spring 2015 
A Ballerina on Tour, Burning Through Pointe Shoes: Hee Seo, a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatr... 
Indennizzi, onorevole Madia con vittime, suo governo in aula per non pagare: Portare avanti una battaglia poli... 
Small business confidence perks up; jobs market solid: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. small business owners gaine... 
Vienna Launches Gay-Themed Traffic Lights: Dozens of traffic lights in Vienna are being equipped with symbols ... 
Easyjet shares hit by strike impact: Shares in Easyjet fall by more than 9% after the airline says the disrupt... 
How to Create Compelling Emails That Make Your Customers Click: Crafting an enticing and relevant email for th... 
US job openings down slightly in March: The U.S. labor market added 5 million jobs in March, slightly lower th... 
WASI's 'Bleed Pop' EP is Guaranteed To Make You Smile: Billboard Premiere: WASI, the four-piece riot pop proje... 
Tango Hooks Up With Wal-Mart, Alibaba To Let You Text And Shop: The messaging service is the first in the West... 
The Deals That Transformed AOL: Acquisitions were once a symbol of the company, but the onetime Internet titan... 
Wall St. Is Lower Amid Bond Volatility: News that AOL would be acquired by Verizon sent its shares rocketing, ... 
Small Wins Go a Long Way in Improving U.S. Rail Transportation: 

Big systems changes can seem daunting. Probl... 
La Repubblica, Telecom, Enel e il Sarchiapone Juncker: Una nuova panacea s’aggira nei Palazzi. Si chiama Piano... 
Sotheby's NY single-owner cellar auction reaches over 8.4m USD: Burgundy was the star of Sothebyâs most lucr... 
EUR/USD consolidates gains above 100-day SMA: FXStreet (Córdoba) - EUR/USD consolidates gains at the upper sid... 
Russian cargo spaceship's launch failure leads to delays in crew landing, launch: Russian space officials say ... 
Be careful, Big Guy:  La-Z-Boy recalls about 2,600 power recliners that can tip over: La-Z-Boy Inc. recalled a... 
Verizon wants to eat Google and Facebook's lunch: Watch out Google and Facebook! Verizon wants a chunk of thos... 
Intel-Backed NetPosa's Chairman Joins Ranks Of China Billionaires: Liu Guang,  chairman of NetPosa Technologie... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
Bad Reasons to Merge (Listen Up, Verizon): AOL has a knack for attracting unwise buyers. 
Global oil demand expectations rise: OPEC: In a monthly report released Tuesday, OPEC raised its 2015 global d... 
Steroids for cattle causing sex changes in fish: Potent hormones used in livestock farming are sticking around... 
Time for the Fed to test the rate-hike waters?: The economic environment is changing and it could be time for ... 
Nerd Altruism is Becoming Cool: GiveDirectly, the non-profit started by economists that gives money directly t... 
New shield makes certain types of searches for physics beyond Standard Model possible for first time: The Stan... 
British Land more bullish than rival: Strategies of Britain’s two property behemoths start to diverge 
When Western Fashion Brands Explore Eastern Aesthetics: A new exhibition at New York’s Metropolitan Museum of ... 
Petrolio: Shell torna a trivellare in Alaska: Ambientalisti all'attacco: si rischia il disastro ambientale
The... 
Judge: Banks misled Fannie, Freddie in 2008: Nomura Holdings, Royal Bank of Scotland mortgage bonds contained ... 
American Meritocracy Isn’t What It Used To Be, In Five Charts: A new book by Robert Putnam, the Harvard Univer... 
Riddle Me This: The Difference Between Headlines And Reality: As I was preparing for my daily radio show broad... 
How Many G’s Would You Feel in the SpaceX Capsule Abort?: The SpaceX Dragon abort test offers a great opportun... 
We're Leaving $24B in Employer Matches on Table: Over the past decade, employers have increased efforts to enr... 
Baxter buys cancer biologics portfolio from Italy's Sigma-Tau for $900M asparagine Oncaspar:  
Qualys sees insider buying following plunge:  
Post Holdings earnings rally fades:  
Just Released: Mortgage Borrowing among Most Creditworthy Abates: Andrew Haughwout, Donghoon Lee, Joelle Scall... 
Allied Irish Banks pursues former media tycoon Tony O'Reilly over €14m debt: Bailed-out bank seeks to cross-ex... 
BHP Billiton Cuts CapEx, Costs To Compete With Rio: BHP Billiton (BHP) on Tuesday said it would cut its capita... 
Stocks Stumble In Rising Trade; Pall Soars, NewLink Dives: Stocks took a tumble early Tuesday, as volatile bon... 
Watch Metallica's 'Battery' Go Bluegrass: Banjos, Tractors &amp; Overalls: On their new album Wilder Mind, Mumford... 
Bosnia and Herzegovina: Concluding Statement of the 2015 Article IV Mission:  
Stream Seether on Yahoo Live: Tonight, 6:30 p.m. PT:  
La Grecia paga 750 milioni di euro al Fmi: 
Intanto la Bce ha alzato a 80 miliardi il tetto della liquidità d'... 
South Korea Valuations Close to 2009 Levels: South Korea Valuations Close to 2009 Levels by Jeremy Schwartz, D... 
Isetan Mitsukoshi reports 2014 full year profit increase of 41,2%: Japanese department store operator Isetan M... 
Industrial output growth accelerates: UK industrial output grew at its fastest pace for six months in March, o... 
Verizon to Buy AOL in $4.4 Billion Deal: Telecom giant Verizon announced Tuesday it will be buying AOL for $50... 
AI Is Getting Good Enough to Delegate the Work It Can’t Do: 

Nicholas Blechman

When most people think about ... 
Olanda, la strada del Sole è realtà: Circa sei mesi fa in Olanda venne inaugurata la prima strada del sole: un... 
Federal Reserve Board issues enforcement action with The Freedom Bank of Virginia: Federal Reserve Board issue... 
This Comfy and Cool Dress Will Get You Through The Hottest of Summer Days: Extreme summer heat and humidity do... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
Working Father Fail? Why Many Dads Struggle With Work-Life Imbalance: Juggling childrearing and moneymaking do... 
DocuSign Raises $233 Million in Latest Financing Round: The fund-raising round highlights how Silicon Valley i... 
Our Geo MENA Report 
Cybersecurity, tutti i progetti di Intel sulle infrastrutture critiche: La multinazionale dell’industria tecno... 
Jennifer Hudson Joins Cast of Spike Lee's Chicago Musical 'Chiraq': Jennifer Hudson is set to join the ensembl... 
RBA might cut rates again this year – Rabobank: FXStreet (Barcelona) - Jane Foley, Senior Currency Strategist ... 
Hertz Misses Its Quarterly Filing Deadline Again -- Here's Why: For the fourth time in a year, Hertz Global Ho... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash: Verizon will pay a 17 percent premium over the closing price of A... 
Benner on Tech: Verizon's Plan for AOL: Katie Benner’s roundup of the most interesting things in tech, today. 
US job openings down slightly in March: The U.S. labor market added 5 million jobs in March, slightly lower th... 
Square expands its small business lending program: Payments and financial services company Square says it's ex... 
How to make money while making a difference: Geri Pell, CEO of Pell Wealth Partners, on how social impact inve... 
U.S. Stocks Drop: U.S. stocks fell Tuesday as European stocks and government bonds sold off. 
Dubai's DP World launches $500m five-year bond: Port operator's transaction has received orders of seven times... 
How the presence of conservation researchers affects wildlife: In a study that compared three sites within the... 
Financial sector is too big, says IMF: Bank expansion reaches negative stage and stifles productive sectors, s... 
US stock indexes down in early trading as investors weigh bond market volatility; AOL soars: U.S. stocks fell ... 
Report: Dangerous binge drinking by young people on the rise even as overall alcohol use falls: Alcohol consum... 
“Black Lord – Somalia: anno zero”, il fumetto francese in Italia: Dal 15 maggio nelle edicole, fumetterie e li... 
Economic News Coverage Turns More Optimistic, ASR Report Says: News coverage of the global economy turned much... 
InterOil says Antelope appraisal well results boost LNG prospects:  
Zogenix reports Q1 results:  
Tandy Leather Factory reports Q1 results:  
9 Reasons Why You Won’t Be Able to Ignore Hailee Steinfeld: We're about to enter the Summer of Steinfeld. Here... 
Mozambique: IMF Staff Completes Review Mission:  
Press release  BIS, ECB and IMF publish the Handbook on Securities Statistics:  
Toure: I have to fight against this: Yaya Toure, along with 2010 FIFA World Cup Final referee Howard Webb, spo... 
Bill Gross Tells Bloomberg That He Is Very Proud Of Himself [TRANSCRIPT]: Bill Gross of Janus Capital sat down... 
Why China's Army Has Banned Smartwatches: The Apple Watch may be a popular gadget in China but leaders in the ... 
'Significant changes' to strike law: Newly appointed Business Secretary Sajid Javid says there will be "signif... 
The NFL Dares to Sit Tom Brady: There will be a contrived debate about legacy, but the truth is Tom Brady will... 
Conti pubblici, Ue: “Dopo sentenza su pensioni possibile un rapporto sul debito”: Meno male che il ministro de... 
The One Thing Short Girl's Need to Know When Buying Flares: If you're a short girl who thinks you can't wear f... 
Financial sector is too big, says IMF: Bank expansion reaches negative stage and stifles productive sectors, s... 
Pall Corp. Stock Soars On Reports Of  Imminent Sale: Pall Corp. (PLL) shares jumped Tuesday on reports it is i... 
Saudi Foreign Minister Says US-GCC Summit To Focus On “Aggressive” Iran: Adel al-Jubeir said the summit would ... 
Dubai’s DP World Launches $500m, Five Year Bond: The transaction has received orders of seven times its size, ... 
The fight over middle-class jobs and free trade: Everyone says they're fighting for American workers in the bi... 
Exor Increases Bid for PartnerRe to $6.8 Billion: The Italian investment company said its latest offer for the... 
Apple iOS Beta Update Focuses on Music App: Apple has seeded the third beta version of its upcoming iOS 8.4 up... 
Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash: The move is an effort to expand Verizon’s digital and video offer... 
Sulle pensioni equilibrismi circensi: C’ e’ chi dice che Renzi abbia esaurito il ” fattore C.”. Io penso che, ... 
Wall St. set to open lower on global bond rout: (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open lower on Tuesday as a ... 
Small Business Optimism Ticked Higher in April: Confidence among small business owners increased further in Ap... 
UniCredit Q1 profit down as it provisions for Europe-mandated deposit protection system: Italy's largest bank ... 
Verizon Is Buying AOL For $4.4 Billion: Telecommunications giant Verizon said on Tuesday that it has agreed to... 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
Wanted: a new Blair: Labour needs a new Tony Blair. I mean this in a specific sense. In the 90s, Blair realize... 
Moody’s upgrades Qatar bank: Ratings agency cites improved asset quality performance and capitalisation 
Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion: Verizon is buying AOL for $4.4 billion in cash, a deal aimed at advancing... 
Greece's Payment Plan Is a Shell Game: Athens just wrote itself a check to cover its debts. 
Main Street portfolios are investing in unicorns: There are justifiable worries that some unicorns are in bubb... 
Wal-Mart gets new ammo in Web battle with Amazon: Wal-Mart is teaming up with messaging start-up Tango as it s... 
Bond Slide Hits Stock Futures; AOL, Pall Surge On Buyout News: Stock futures fell hard before Tuesday's open, ... 
X Factor 9: in migliaia alle audizioni: Continuano i casting per la nona edizione del talent targato SkyUno: u... 
Oil Has Bottomed; Now What?: Forums: XE Market Analysis 

Above is a weekly chart of oil.  It formed a double ... 
“Establishing” Health Exchanges: Ways Out of the King v. Burwell Trap: The trouble that is the King v. Burwell... 
Usher to Use International Space Station Cameras for Pepsi Challenge Video: Usher is working on what will like... 
Livestream the WIRED Business Conference Here: The 2015 WIRED Business Conference is streaming live. Guests in... 
Some Mid-Size SUVs Struggle in Latest Crash Tests: New crash tests show bigger is not always better when it co... 
Celsion reports Q1 results:  
Trading in Vertex halted pending news:  
Jefferies: Danaher has upper hand to acquire Pall:  
Budget 2015: who are Australia's winners and losers?: Graduates, wealthy pensioners and foreign aid take a hit... 
Verizon buys AOL for $4.4bn: US telecoms giant Verizon says it will buy internet firm AOL in a deal worth $4.4bn. 
Greece raids IMF emergency account to avoid unprecedented default: Athens is forced to scrape cash from an esc... 
From $350bn to…: We’ll share this prime piece of pre-nuttiness, if only for those who don’t know what “AOL” is... 
Becky G on Austin Mahone: 'He's Very Cute!': Cue all the "awwwws."
Becky G is opening up about her relationshi... 
Analyst Forecast Skewness And Cross Section Stock Returns: Analyst Forecast Skewness and Cross Section Stock R... 
25 days to go: Over 3.5 million spectators have attended FIFA Women’s World Cup matches at an average of almos... 
Livestream the WIRED Business Conference Here: The 2015 WIRED Business Conference is streaming live. Guests in... 
IMF Plays with Matches, Greece gets Burned: When the European phase of the debt crisis erupted, involving the ... 
Sciopero trasporti 15 maggio 2015: orari e modalità: Nuovo sciopero dei trasporti in programma per venerdì 15 ... 
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Verizon to buy AOL in $4.4 billion deal: (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc said it would buy AOL Inc in a... 
Saudi, Alcoa Aluminium Smelter Production To Top Initial Target This Year: Ma'aden, the Gulf's largest miner, ... 
Emirates Global Aluminium Says Exports To Fall As Local Demand Grows: The company produces about 2.4 million t... 
To Win People Over, Speak to Their Wants and Needs: 
Practicing empathy can be difficult, because you have to ... 
Why Avengers: Age Of Ultron Will Pass $1 Billion After China Opening: Avengers: The Age of Ultron will top $1 ... 
Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash: The move is an effort to expand Verizon’s digital and video offer... 
General Motors Slashes Prices in China Amid Slowdown: General Motors Co. has become the latest global auto mak... 
Alibaba Rolls Out Health Care Goods Delivery Service: Chinese online shopping giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd ... 
Chinese Smartphone Makers Place Call to India: As domestic sales slow and the country’s economy cools, China t... 
Will U.S. Construction Help Eagle Materials Fly High?: Building products supplier Eagle Materials (EXP) gets i... 
These Equity-Income Mutual Funds Are Long-Term Top Performers: Equity-income mutual funds, which aim to produc... 
Regno Unito, ecco la guerra di Cameron contro la Bbc: Il premier britannico David Cameron ha vinto di nuovo le... 
Brady should embrace NFLPA assistance for appeal: During the Ted Wells investigation, Patriots quarterback Tom... 
Nicholas Hoult on the Scary-Real Stunts in the New Mad Max: During the reporting of our feature in WIRED's May... 
Dubai economy slowing not reversing: April figures show softening growth 
Tighter Competition for Low-Cost Carriers Weighs on EasyJet: The airline swung to a profit in its first half b... 
The Disruptive Potential of Mike Huckabee: Jonathan Bernstein's morning links. 
Why we sold to Verizon: AOL's Tim Armstrong: AOL decided to sell to Verizon in order to compete in a future ma... 
Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4B; AOL shares soar: Telecom giant Verizon announced Tuesday it will be buying AOL f... 
Markets are 'unwinding extremes': Economist: The bonds selloff shows that market extremes are fading as fears ... 
Researchers create microscope allowing deep brain exploration: A team of neuroscientists and bioengineers at t... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
Commerzbank files lawsuit against Heta: German lender challenges Austrian bad bank over bond case 
Fognini-Pennetta: la coppia più vincente degli Internazionali: Entrambi in campo a Roma, condividono l'esperie... 
XE Market Analysis: North America - May 12, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisEUR-USD rallied to a two-day peak ... 
Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion: Telecom giant Verizon announced Tuesday it will be buying AOL for $50 per... 
Must-Read: Jesse Cross-Call: Medicaid Expansion Is Producing Large Gains in Health Coverage and Saving States ... 
Australia forecasts A$35.1bn deficit: Australia's budget deficit for the 2015-16 financial year is estimated t... 
Grand Central: Fed Dodges Bullets in Shelby Reform Proposals: The Wall Street Journal’s Daily Report on Global... 
Immigration and the Institutions of Freedom: One of the perennial worries about immigration, especially from l... 
Verizon to Buy AOL in $4.4 Billion Deal: Telecom giant Verizon announced Tuesday it will be buying AOL for $50... 
Dr. Reddy's reports FQ4 results:  
McDonald's reworks menu strategy:  
Starwood Waypoint beats by $0.16, misses on revenue:  
Five rules for getting the best annuity: An income for life can bring peace of mind - but there's a huge 40pc ... 
Verizon buys AOL for $4.4 billion: Verizon is buying AOL for $4.4 billion, or about $50 a share, the companies... 
GM ignition switch death toll reaches 100: The death toll from General Motors' flawed ignition switch, which t... 
Watch Kanye West, Vic Mensa Surprise the Crowd at Chance the Rapper's Open Mike Night: The high school student... 
SEC Proposes “Pay-Versus-Performance” Rule: SEC Proposes “Pay-Versus-Performance” Rule by Davis Polk &amp; Wardwel... 
Bitcoin May Never Make It to Wall Street, But Its Tech Will: The company behind the Nasdaq stock exchange reve... 
Buco pensioni, Renzi: “La Corte non dice di pagare domani, ci prendiamo tempo”: “La Corte costituzionale non d... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
Alibaba rolls out three-hour delivery service for healthcare goods: BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese online shoppin... 
Greece makes payment to IMF, however concerns still remain – Investec: FXStreet (Barcelona) - Jonathan Pryor, ... 
Manager Feels Heat on IPO: Newton Glassman, managing partner of Toronto-based private-equity firm Catalyst Cap... 
Returning To Hong Kong By Way Of The Silver Screen, Edward Snowden Again Leaves His Mark: Citizenfour, the 201... 
E.U. Competition Fears Cast Doubt on G.E. Deal for Alstom’s Energy Unit: The European Commission has asked G.E... 
E.U. Competition Fears Cast Doubt on G.E. Deal for Alstom’s Energy Unit: The European Commission has asked G.E... 
Marco Carrai e Gianni Letta presenteranno “La prova del potere” di Giuliano Da Empoli: Fervono i preparativi p... 
US budget projected to post sizable surplus in April, lowering deficit so far this year: The Treasury Departme... 
Limited choices, rising prices keep many first-time buyers from getting a home this spring: Young people aspir... 
New high-volume joining process expands use of aluminum in autos: Researchers have demonstrated a new process ... 
Circle Oil sees positive well results in Morocco: Gas production due to start in June 
Here’s why Iran and Iraq should worry OPEC: The only languages that really count at this summer's OPEC meeting... 
This could be the next sector to rally: It's been a tough year for mining stocks, but here's why the bottom co... 
Deadly 7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal: The quake's epicenter was close to Everest base camp, and about... 
Just Retirement hit by pension rules: Annuity specialist reports 22% fall in sales as government’s shake-up of... 
MediSapiens Expanding Rapidly Into Precision Medicine and Genomic Diagnostics: The post MediSapiens Expanding ... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
Rail workers vote for strike: Network Rail workers vote 4-1 to go on strike across UK in row over pay, RMT union says 
Parliament must bar toxic cadmium from Europe: TVs containing cadmium are no longer available in Europe since ... 
Eco-Stim Energy Solutions reports Q1 results:  
InterOil misses by $0.04, beats on revenue:  
Encana beats by $0.10:  
Livestreaming events isn't cool. It's theft: Joshua Zecher is a principal at 463 Communications, a corporate c... 
ASCAP Appoints New General Counsel: Clara Kim has been named ASCAP's new executive vice president and general ... 
Hollande a Cuba, incontro con Raul Castro: Un Fidel Castro “estremamente informato ed attento”. Così François ... 
US Dollar Falls as Bond Sell-Off Continues: The unwinding of the long bonds/long US dollar position is continu... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Castleton joins oil trade titans with Morgan Stanley deal: NEW YORK (Reuters) - Castleton Commodities Internat... 
Revealed: Top 10 Most Populous Cities In The World: Japanese capital Tokyo ranks first worldwide, with a popul... 
Another Strong Earthquake Measuring 7.3 Strikes Nepal Near Everest: According to the US Geological Survey, the... 
Confident Consumers Provide Welcome Boost To UK Retail Sales: New figures reveal retail sales in the UK are no... 
Head of Barclays Credit Card Business to Step Down: Valerie Soranno Keating, the chief executive, joined the b... 
Come prosegue l’harakiri di Forza Italia: Le Punture di Spillo di Giuliano Cazzola 
RBS, Barclays, JPMorgan, Citigroup &amp; UBS expected to plead guilty to FX rigging: Banks facing US criminal char... 
New Exhibition Hall for Seaport in Mystic, Conn., Has Nautical Inspiration: The designer of a new visitor cent... 
Deadly 7.3-Magnitude Earthquake Hits Devastated Nepal: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Nepal on Tuesday, killin... 
BHP cuts production costs, response to metal price: BHP Billiton, said it would slash its iron ore production ... 
Don’t ask what lost, ask what won: I took a short break after the election, so I managed to avoid most of the ... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
As self-driving cars arrive, liability an issue; Google acknowledges 11 accidents in 6 years: The self-driving... 
How to donate to Nepal anonymously (and avoid spam): It's always been honorable to donate anonymously. 
BHP Billiton to slash iron ore cost, spending:  
U.S. defends MetLife SIFI decision:  
Another earthquake rocks Nepal, tremors felt in India:  
Of negative rates and reserve managers: Might have to pop this at the top, it’s a chart with lots of negative ... 
Deadly 7.4-Magnitude Earthquake Hits Devastated Nepal: A 7.4-magnitude earthquake hit Nepal on Tuesday, killin... 
Greece tapped IMF reserves to make debt repayment- - government officials: ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece tapped re... 
Banda larga, l’affronto del governo a Telecom: “E’ arrivata la bufera, è arrivato il temporale, chi sta bene e... 
Low-Profile Shareholder At China Retailer Suning Joins Billioniare Ranks: Chen Jinfeng, who holds a 2.7% stake... 
European Bonds, Stocks Sell Off Again: Echoing Monday’s weakness in the U.S. Treasury market, European governm... 
Ahold and Delhaize Group Enter Preliminary Talks on a Merger: The deal would combine the owners of the grocery... 
The FIFA Congress: Ten milestones: We look back at ten key milestones in the history of the FIFA Congress in t... 
F-35, cosa farà il nuovo stabilimento di Aero Sekur: Nuovo stabilimento per Aero Sekur, società con sede ad Ap... 
Revealed: why expats should register wills: As a result of the launch of a new registry by the DIFC Courts, ex... 
Seventeen endangered monkeys stolen from French zoo: Two families of endangered monkeys were stolen from a zoo... 
Greek drama? More like 'The Kardashians': Analyst: The slow-moving talks between Greece and its creditors are ... 
Nepal rocked by another strong quake: A strong earthquake shook Nepal weeks after a devastating quake killed m... 
Fed's Dudley applauds 2015 rate hike consensus: A Federal Reserve official said Tuesday he does not know when ... 
Opec sees oil price below $100 a barrel for the next decade: Prices could be as low as $40 a barrel in 2025 
Picasso Masterpiece Sets World Record at Auction: "Women of Algiers (Version O)," A vibrant, multi-hued painti... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
Weak Brazilian real hits Experian growth: Pre-tax profit falls to $1.01bn from $1.05bn in year to March 
C’era una volta il Datagate: facciamo il punto sulla riforma della NSA: Gli USA si trovano al bivio: il 1 giug... 
Fed’s Dudley: Markets Shouldn’t Be Surprised When Fed Hikes Rates: Federal Reserve Bank of New York President ... 
EU states halt some Burundi aid over crackdown on protests: European nations have suspended some aid to Burund... 
£800m shortfall on social housing in London since 2011 revealed: Proportion of homes started each year in capi... 
Tesla to adapt cars to China's charging standards:  
Ahold, Delhaize confirm merger talks:  
Mylan chairman looks to sweeten Perrigo bid:  
Government cuts Lloyds stake below 20pc: The taxpayer's stake in bailed-out bank is now less than half the siz... 
FT Opening Quote – easyJet first-half profit takes off: EasyJet records a first-half profit – turning round la... 
L'Ue: «Ok alla flessibilità, ma accelerare riforme»: 
Pronto il documento di Bruxelles all'Italia: «Avanti su ... 
Britain's Osborne insists his government will be constructive in EU reform negotiations: British finance minis... 
Obama seeks 'fast track' trade win in Senate vote Tuesday, but many more battles will follow: A much-anticipat... 
Proglio gives up chairmanship of French defense group Thales: Le Monde: PARIS (Reuters) - Henri Proglio has gi... 
Glazers' ownership of Manchester United blasted by MUST: The Manchester United Supporters Trust (MUST) has cla... 
Terremoto Nepal, nuova scossa di 7,4. Epicentro a 83 km a est di Kathmandu: Una nuova scossa di terremoto di m... 
Tom Brady Suspension Should Lead Union To Fight Against NFL's Overreaching Power: A look at the four-game susp... 
EUR/USD sliding south in technical trade – KBC: FXStreet (Barcelona) - The KBC Bank Research Team maintains a ... 
Abu Dhabi’s Image Nation To Finance Tom Hanks Thriller, The Circle: The movie has been written and will be dir... 
Aluminium Bahrain CEO Optimistic About $2.5bn Expansion Approval In 2015: The plan will make Alba the largest ... 
Asian Currencies Hit by Bond Market Turmoil: Currencies in emerging Asia hit their weakest in months after day... 
Matteo Renzi sta perdendo lo slancio rottamatorio? Girotondo non troppo renziano: Chi c'era, e che cosa si è d... 
El Nino weather system to pack a punch in Pacific: Australia: Australia's Bureau of Meteorology Tuesday warned... 
'The Voice' Recap: Top Five Showcase Their Strengths: The semifinals kicked off on The Voice tonight, with the... 
Coronation for league queens across Europe: Silverware was on offer throughout Europe over the weekend with br... 
Get ready for another oil price dip: Goldman Sachs: A rally in the price of oil over the last couple of months... 
Huawei P8 Lite: la virtù sta nel prezzo: Nella forma è la versione low-cost del nuovo smartphone della casa ci... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
XE Market Analysis: Europe - May 12, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisEUR-USD continued to make time in the mid... 
Links for 05-12-15: Monetary Policy and the Independence Dilemma - FRBSF
Origins of the Tri-Party Repo Market ... 
German states call for ban on household pesticide: Germany’s state consumer protection ministers are calling f... 
Court says Nomura, RBS misled investors:  
Fast-track trade bill heads to the Senate:  
Peltz: DuPont settlement not likely:  
Greek liquidity fears grow as EU finance ministers meet - live updates: All the latest economic and financial ... 
Enterprise Inns to grow pub numbers after death of the 'beer tie': The largest pub operator in the UK has anno... 
Further reading: Elsewhere on Tuesday,
- Folks, interest rates are still very low.
- Felix defends Felix again... 
Chinese Stock Futures Overtake U.S. Counterpart: Volume in Chinese stock futures shoots higher along with the ... 
Former 'American Idol' executive producer says it's the right time to cancel the Fox show: A former executive ... 
Emirates returns as top sponsor of embattled America's Cup syndicate Team New Zealand: Emirates airline has an... 
'Beaches' Musical to Wash Ashore in Chicago: Chicagoans, get out your hankies -- a stage musical of Beaches is... 
The EU disburses €100 million in aid to Tunisia: The European Commission disbursed a loan of €100 million to T... 
White House Sees No Snub in Arab Leaders Skipping Summit: The White House sought to quash concerns over the wi... 
Festival di Cannes 2015, Le tout nouveau testament Jaco Van Dormael in anteprima mondiale: Dio esiste. E vive ... 
Germany Allows Greece A Referendum; Not That It Will Help At All: Various people in the German government have... 
Cameron ha vinto perché non aveva la gabbia del Fiscal Compact: Se qualcosa il Regno Unito insegna all’Italia ... 
Baseball Capsules: BALTIMORE (AP)  Manny Machado and Chris Davis hit first-inning homers, Ubaldo Jimenez had a... 
SoftBank shakes up leadership with former Google exec: SoftBank's plans to tap a foreigner as a potential CEO ... 
Low bid submitted on Kuwait water centre: Scheme part of a restructuring of the country’s water network 
'Pillowcase Rapist' Can Remain Free in SoCal, Judge Rules: A California judge ruled Monday that "pillowcase ra... 
Greece Inches Closer to an Accident: The probability of failure is now around 50 percent. 
Henkel buys Colgate-Palmolive brands: German consumer goods giant Henkel is buying Colgate-Palmolive's laundry... 
Unioni civili: sarà battaglia in Parlamento con più di 4 mila emendamenti: Da Ap e FI il maggior numero di ric... 
German government denies deceit in NSA scandal: Chancellor Merkel’s spokesman Steffen Seibert rejected accusat... 
CVSL misses by $0.10, beats on revenue:  
Health/wellness business software firm Mindbody files for IPO:  
TransAtlantic Petroleum misses by $0.11, beats on revenue:  
Why the Tories should act over zero-hours contracts: Ed Miliband may have been routed, but there is one of his... 
Yoga and Strength Training Brings Creativity to the Table: Elad Yifrach of L’Objet, a maker of high-end tablet... 
FirstFT (the new 6am Cut): You can sign up to receive the email here.
China’s bourses continued marching highe... 
Oil-price shocks and the chemical industry: Preparing for a volatile environment: The outlook for oil prices i... 
Why is libertarianism such a target?: Bryan Caplan considers this question in a very useful blog post.  He ser... 
Saudi Aramco Discovered Eight New Oil And Gas Fields In 2014: The company did not give figures on estimated re... 
King’s Absence From US Summit Shows Saudi Displeasure Over Iran Push: Analysts and diplomats in the Middle Eas... 
Chrysler SUVs fare poorly in crash test: Out of seven mid-sized SUVs put through a strenuous new crash test, t... 
Tutti gli effetti dell’Italicum sul governo: L’Italicum è legge. La discutissima legge Calderoli, và definitiv... 
Jiangsu Cable Entrepreneur Joins China's Billionaire Ranks; Acquisition May Be Next: Jiang Xipei, chairman of ... 
Jeep, Dodge SUV's struggle in latest crash tests: New crash tests show bigger is not always better when it com... 
Union Properties posts 84 per cent fall in profits: Share price drops 9.7 per cent 
Eternit, via al processo bis: L'imprenditore Stephan Schmidheiny torna in aula e rischia l'ergastolo, con l'ac... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
New Zealand May Join Region Cutting Rates: New Zealand’s central bank is now set to cut interest rates due to ... 
Audio 'barcodes' new rival to bluetooth and iBeacons: Chirp, a new start-up, has created technology to turn an... 
'The Voice' Top 5 Recap: There's Something Happening Here: In light of news that 'American Idol' has been canc... 
Diddy Talks Tidal, Baltimore, Philanthropy and His 'Tasteful' Cologne Ad: Sean "Diddy" Combs will be the first... 
MarkLogic Secures Pre-IPO $102M Funding Round: More news of massive cash influxes as MarkLogic, a database ven... 
Technical outlook for USD/JPY and crosses – Kshitij: FXStreet (Barcelona) - The Kshitij Consultancy Team gives... 
Asia stocks, euro falter as Greek crisis saps confidence: TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian stocks were mostly lower and... 
Malaysia’s undocumented children: Children of low-skilled immigrants are not documented 
Tweaking the beak: Retracing the bird's beak to its dinosaur origins, in the laboratory: Scientists have succe... 
FDIC Chief Martin Gruenberg: Big Bank Failure Won't Imperil System: FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg says U.S. r... 
Ouch! That bond selloff cost how much?: Amid a sharp selloff in the bond market, players in Europe's low-yield... 
Separated Twins Had Shared Liver and Small Intestine: Conjoined twins sere successfully separated at Wolfson C... 
Here’s How the Shelby Draft Bill Would Affect the Fed: Here is a detailed run-down of what is in a discussion ... 
Fox upfront: 'Empire' moves to fall, 'Idol' exit, 'X-Files' return:  
Hong Kong Stocks Pull Back After Two Days Of Gains: Hong Kong stocks headed lower Tuesday morning, with the Ha... 
Asia Stocks: Latest Quotes: Here are the latest trading levels for Asia's major stock markets: Tokyo (Nikkei A... 
Treasury To Study Possible Abuses Of Small Captive Insurance Companies: A captive insurance company is a risk-... 
AUD/USD extends beyond 0.79: FXStreet (Mumbai) - The Australian dollar reversed previous losses and advanced a... 
Sinosphere Blog: Chinese Billionaire Takes Over 6,000 Employees on a Trip to France: Tiens Group, a direct sal... 
Chinese Billionaire Wang Jianlin Adds $20 Mln Monet Painting To Growing Collection: Dalian Wanda Group, the ma... 
Watch Derek Hough's Horrified Face as Sister Julianne Gets Raunchy for 'Lip Sync Battle': Watching your siblin... 
U.S. Conditionally Approves Shell Arctic Drilling Plan: The U.S. government conditionally approved a plan by R... 
Pakistanis Knew Where Bin Laden Was, Say Sources: Sources tell NBC News that Pakistani intelligence knew where... 
Picasso painting sells for a record $179 million: Pablo Picasso would be a happy man if he were alive today. 
New Use for Old Tools Against Ovarian Cancer: A tweaked approach to combining surgery and chemotherapy shows p... 
Google acknowledges its self-driving cars had 11 minor accidents:  Company says all 11 accidents over the past... 
Lil Jon Speaks at Oxford University on Politics, Race &amp; The East Side Boyz: Lil Jon was invited to speak at Ox... 
Youthful experience marks Aussie squad: Australia coach Alen Stajcic has named his roster for next month’s FIF... 
The 5.4% Unemployment Rate Means Nothing For Millennials: The data is scary. 
'Absolutely Ridiculous!': Outrage and Glee at Brady Suspension: After a four-game suspension was handed down t... 
EUR/AUD: Dropping back on Aussie home loans surprise: FXStreet (Guatemala) - EUR/AUD is currently trading at 1... 
DealBook: Main Street Portfolios Are Investing in Unicorns: Investors in certain mutual funds may not realize ... 
Asian shares mixed on Greece talks: Asian shares trade mixed after a lacklustre lead from Wall Street as confi... 
Stream Rival Sons on Yahoo Live Now!:  
DealBook: Main Street Portfolios Are Investing in Unicorns: Investors in certain mutual funds may not realize ... 
Seven Victims Linked to Connecticut Serial Killer: New Britain police say investigators have found four more b... 
NFL Suspends Tom Brady Four Games Over 'Deflategate': The NFL suspended New England Patriots quarterback Tom B... 
A hint for Comcast's 2-Gig pricing?:  
US Foods will kill Sysco deal if court delays merger, exec says:  
AT&amp;T urges FCC to cap spectrum-auction credits at $10M:  
Did Jay Z Buy Beyoncé a 'Game of Thrones' Dragon Egg?: Apparently Jay Z and Beyoncé are just about as big of G... 
Australia Stocks Advance, With Qantas, News Corp. Rising: Australian stocks scooped up some modest gains in ea... 
Japan Stocks Give Ground, With Softbank, Bridgestone Among Decliners: Japanese stocks rattled lower in early T... 
It's All In The Look: China Pants Retailer Reaches Billionaire Ranks: Yang Jianxin, the chairman of Shanxi Bai... 
AUD/JPY heading for a correction?: FXStreet (Guatemala) - AUD/JPY is currently trading at 94.76 with a high of... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
Picasso work smashes auction record: Picasso's Women of Algiers becomes the most expensive painting to sell at... 
Bacterial forensics: Tracing a suspect from the microbes on their shoes: The microbial 'signatures' found on a... 
Simon Cowell Responds to 'American Idol' Cancellation: 'We Had a Blast': Following news American Idol will ret... 
Fear of ruin as disease takes hold of Italy's olive trees: Italy's olive trees are succumbing to a bacterial o... 
US judge rules Nomura misled on mortgage bonds: A U.S. judge ruled Nomura made false statements in selling mor... 
In Asia, Debt Market Gets Tougher: As growth slows in Asia, bond investors have become more demanding, seeking... 
Alexandre Lamfalussy, a Euro Founder, Dies at 86: Mr. Lamfalussy, an economist and banker, was the founding pr... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
Mentors Help Patients Stay the Course, Cope With Setbacks: Patients who have had health problems ranging from ... 
Oi stays strict on cost reduction, cutting lights, A/C:  
Rhett Akins, Lee Brice &amp; More Bring 'A Night of Georgia Music' to Nashville Charity Concert: Nashville powerho... 
Goldman Sachs ordered to pay $80 million plus interest in 2006 case: (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Inc has been or... 
NZD/USD close to key supports with RSI (14) oversold: FXStreet (Guatemala) - NZD/USD is currently trading at 0... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
Release of "Rewriting the Rules": I have been working with the Roosevelt Institute and Joseph Stiglitz on repo... 
Will algorithms make business boring?: Is the brave new world of AI going to make business boring? 
NFL suspends Brady 4 games for deflated footballs: NEW YORK (AP)  The NFL came down hard on its biggest star a... 
Lumber Liquidators’ new woe: Insurers are balknig: Lumber Liquidators, already facing lawsuits and probes over... 
$179M Picasso breaks auction record: A bold and colorful painting by Pablo Picasso just became the most expens... 
Ex-Bernie Madoff Aide Dies Weeks Before Sentencing: Frank DiPascali, 58, died Thursday of lung cancer after sp... 
Health Insurers Ordered to Heed Law on Free Contraception Coverage: The Obama administration issued new guidan... 
Audit finds Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles lacked oversight, used complex fee schedule: The Indiana Bureau o... 
Warner Music Group Hits Streaming Milestone in First Quarter: Music streaming reached a milestone in the first... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
Rival Sons: Rock 'N' Roll is Here to Stay:  
The Brookings-Okun Event: “As Our Case Is New, We Think Anew, and Act Anew…”: The Brookings-Okun Event UPDATE:... 
Some eurozone banks 'just as likely to fail' as they were before 2008 crisis: University of Portsmouth researc... 
Tesoro cancels Utah crude pipeline project:  
UniPixel expects 2015 XSense revenue of "at least" $10M:  
Johnson &amp; Johnson broadens pediatric access to darunavir in developing countries:  
RBS faces large damages bill over 'enormous' mortgage deception: Judge rules RBS and Nomura made false stateme... 
Fox's 'Empire' expands to two parts next season: Fox's "Empire" is growing. 
United Kingdom BRC Retail Sales Monitor - All (YoY) dipped from previous 3.2% to -2.4% in April: FXSt... 
Cory Monteith Remembered by Lea Michele, 'Glee' Costars on His Birthday: Cory Monteith's Glee costars offered ... 
Prem: Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City: Bafetimbi Gomis scored a late goal against the run of play, as Swansea City su... 
New Kids on the Block Kick Off Summer Tour:  
Stock Market Pulls Back, But Leaders Show Strength: Stocks took a step back Monday following Friday's rally, a... 
Bioprinting in 3D: Looks like candy, could regenerate nerve cells: The printer looks like a toaster oven with ... 
Trouble May Trickle Down From Companies' Top Lines: Ahead of the Tape: Now that a drop in corporate revenue fo... 
Rosetta Resources Keeps Oil Recovery Upside In $2.1B Noble Energy Deal: Finally, a healthy buyer and a seller ... 
'Empire' Books Lenny Kravitz, Alicia Keys &amp; Ne-Yo for Season 2: Fox's Empire is growing.
The second season of ... 
China’s Massive Smartphone Market Is Finally Slowing Down: In 2011, China surpassed the US to become the world... 
A lot of things will have to go right for Uber: VC: At 120 times forward revenue, investors are paying a few y... 
Tom Brady suspended for 'deflategate': The NFL fined the Patriots $1 million and suspended QB Tom Brady for fo... 
Gap Store Sales Gutted, Drags on 1Q: Gap Inc. reports store-sales declined across all major brands in April.  
Brady Suspended Four Games for Deflate-Gate Scandal: An investigator found that two Patriots employees probabl... 
Volvo Selects South Carolina for $500 Million Assembly Plant: The automaker estimated that the plant would emp... 
China's Baby Steps Toward Economic Disaster: Small tweaks can't fix the country's big problems. 
Tullett launches online trading platform: Platform designed to increase transparency and make trade settlement... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Google: Self-Driving Cars Have Never Caused an Accident: Google says its self-driving cars have been involved ... 
Justice for Nail Salon Workers: Cultivating justice in the world of low-wage immigrant labor is going to take ... 
#RIPAmericanIdol: Remembering the Show's 35 Best Performances: 'Idol' has been canceled, but I never gave up o... 
Castleton joins oil trade titans with Morgan Stanley deal: (Reuters) - Castleton Commodities International wil... 
Shell to resume Arctic drilling off Alaska as green groups warn of disaster: Environmentalists accuse the gove... 
Alico reports FQ2 results:  
Pfizer invests in Danish biopharm firm focused on anti-inflammatories:  
Banco Macro net income of Ps.1.1B.:  
Butlins's launches new chalets as part of £32m investment drive: The holiday camps group has canvassed mothers... 
Zedd on Engaging With Fans &amp; Appreciating His Success: 'I Think It's Good to Have Had to Sleep on Floors': Las... 
China’s Massive Smartphone Market Is Slowing Down: In 2011, China surpassed the US to become the world’s large... 
HFF Rides Real Estate Growth Wave On Finance Deals: When it comes to providing financial services to the comme... 
Black Man Found Hanged From Tree in Georgia: A black man who'd recently been questioned in the death of a whit... 
Greece: 3 reasons to breathe easier: Read full story for latest details. 
EUR/JPY: Giving no clear directional signs - FXStreet: FXStreet (Bali) - The current technical stance in EUR/J... 
Shell gets US Arctic approval: Royal Dutch Shell wins approval from the US Department of Interior to explore f... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Nomura Found Liable in U.S. Mortgage Suit Tied to Financial Crisis: Nomura, unlike many other large banks, had... 
Wall St. Slides Back as Hopes Dim for Greece Accord: The market slipped to modest losses as stocks drifted low... 
'A Note on Nominal GDP Targeting and the Zero Lower Bound': Roberto M. Billi, senior researcher at the Sverige... 
Ranchers Beef Up Cattle Herds: For the first time in nearly a decade, ranchers in the heart of cattle country ... 
Mischief makers prompt Google to halt public map edits: Google on Monday said it is sidelining its crowd-sourc... 
AMD Highlights Its Strategy For Profitable Growth At Its Analyst Day Meet: Despite a weak Q4 2014, AMD's 2014 ... 
'Jem and the Holograms' Director Teases Modern Movie About 'Staying True to Who You Really Are': Jem and the H... 
Penny Dreadful GIF and a Graf: Eva Green Is the Devil’s Plaything: Last night on Penny Dreadful Victor Franken... 
Analysts: Earnings will be lousy in Q2—Here's why: Earnings in the second quarter will not be the same as the ... 
And the worst city to start a career in is ...: A new survey looks at the best and worse places to start a career. 
Ari Gold's secrets to success: Former Hollywood agent and "The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By" author Ari Gol... 
Gold Prices Fall On Improvement In Greece Crisis: Gold declined for the third time in four sessions as signs o... 
U.S. Conditionally Approves Shell Arctic Drilling Plan: The U.S. government on Monday conditionally approved a... 
Gap's 1Q revenue is suffering under strong dollar, expects to report full results next week: Gap says the stro... 
Wall St. Slides Back as Hopes Dim for Greece Accord: The market slipped to modest losses as stocks drifted low... 
Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Goal-line tech decider:  
After the Social Studies Problematic?: Suppose, for a moment, you were teaching your college students social t... 
Chicago Fed Says Natural Jobless Rate At Or Under 5%, Will Fall Further Over Time: Economists at the Chicago F... 
TransAtlantic Petroleum misses by $0.11, beats on revenue:  
Synaptics names Teledyne exec its new CFO:  
Xerium reports Q1 results:  
Nomura and RBS misled investors: Judge hits out at ‘enormous’ level of falsity over mortgage loans 
Top 20 Cool Songs With 'Hot' Titles: Summer is almost here, and what better to go along with sizzling temperat... 
GE would offer concessions to win EU approval of Alstom deal: executive: NEW YORK/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - General... 
Federal Reserve Board announces five former private bankers and senior managers of Credit Suisse, AG, Zurich, ... 
Onu, Mogherini: ‘Distruggere business trafficanti’. Libia: ‘No operazioni militari’: La priorità in Libia è “d... 
Jim Bianco’s Unconventional Ideas: Jim Bianco’s Unconventional Ideas
May 12, 2015
by Robert Huebscher
PDF | Pa... 
Prem: Fabianski denies Cazorla (64'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Santi Cazorla (64') Arsenal 0-0 Swansea City 
Fight Over China Currency Policies Threatens Vote on Trade Bill: Democrats say they will filibuster a trade me... 

EUR/USD: no deal, no interest 
Ester Dean Takes Over Yahoo Music's Instagram From 'Pitch Perfect 2' Premiere: In between writing hit songs fo... 
U.S. Treasury Bonds Sell Off Again: U.S. Treasury bonds tumbled again Monday, sending the yield on the benchma... 
Researchers seeking to make computer brains smarter by making them more like our own: In what marks a signific... 
Stocks Drift Lower; Analysts Trash Etsy, Like GoDaddy: Stocks drifted most of the day Monday but finished lowe... 
Monday Sector Leaders: Consumer Products, Healthcare: In afternoon trading on Monday, Consumer Products stocks... 
What GIF Masters Can Do With Three Seconds and 4 Colors: These animated collaborations make for hyperactive qu... 
Bond yields spike, market looks for capitulation: Treasury yields ripped higher Monday, putting pressure on st... 
Dining at McDonald's is about to change: Report: All-day breakfast expansion, new and cheaper sandwiches and m... 
Restaurant Expands "White Appreciation" to Give Discount to All Customers: A barbecue restaurant in northern C... 
Fight Over China Currency Policies Threatens Vote on Trade Bill: Democrats say they will filibuster a trade me... 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
Hillary Clinton, Overqualified: Or maybe she's just the most experienced candidate. Ever. 
Teaching Causality: Arguably, Judea Pearl is the most influential "Causality Specialist" of our time. (My term... 
Nomura and RBS misled investors: Judge hits out at ‘enormous’ level of falsity over mortgage loans 
Wheat, corn, oats and soybeans lower on the CBOT; beef and pork lower on the CME.: Grain futures were lower Mo... 
Bird flu detected in Indiana backyard poultry flock; different strain than in other states: Bird flu has been ... 
XE Market Analysis: Asia - May 11, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisFX trade was relatively quiet in N.Y. on Mo... 
NFL-Bound---If the Navy Allows It: Joe Cardona could have a future in the NFL. He just needs the Navy—to which... 
Rackspace misses revenue estimates, guides cautiously; shares fall:  
HFF brokers sale of Texas industrial portfolio:  
magicJack VocalTec Communications reports Q1 results:  
At last, we now have a Business Secretary who supports free enterprise: In almost every way - in terms of beli... 
The Philippines Just Made Uber Legal Everywhere: The Philippines has just become the first country to develop ... 
Justin Bieber Nearly Done With Sentence in Vandalism Case: Justin Bieber has completed most of the terms of hi... 
Emotional Homecoming After Cop Reunited With Pup: A New Zealand police dog had an emotional reunion, licking a... 
9 Gorgeous Things to See From Dior's Cruise 2016 Show: The Dior cruise 2016 show just happened in Cannes and f... 
Why John Oliver's Mother's Day message matters: John Oliver went on a Mother's Day crusade Sunday night. 
Bayern vs Barcelona: Top 6 records to be smashed on May 12, 2015 

Is the Asset Management Industry a Source of Systemic Risk?: CFA Institute takes a stance on this controversia... 
Seeking Alpha? It’s A Bad Guideline For Portfolio Optimization: Seeking Alpha? It’s a Bad Guideline For Portfo... 
Administration Gives Conditional Approval for Shell to Drill in Arctic: The move is a major victory for Shell,... 
Greece Moves to Pay Debt, but European Finance Ministers Unsatisfied: Athens authorized a payment to the Inter... 
Want More Money? Ask Yourself This One Question: Once you believe, it’ll start raining money
In order to get r... 
Will Eateries Stay Tasty? Shack, Jack, Loco To Report: As IBD's Retail-Restaurants industry group trades below... 
22 things that only new New Yorkers do 
Putting Africa on the Fashion Map 
Nomura Loses Suit Over Fannie, Freddie Sales: A federal judge said Nomura Holdings Inc. wasn’t truthful in a s... 
High-performance 3-D microbattery suitable for large-scale on-chip integration: By combining 3D holographic li... 
Tempur Sealy Settles With Hedge Fund H Partners After CEO Ouster: Tempur Sealy International on Monday unveile... 
'American Idol' Viral Stars: A Salute to William Hung, Sanjaya &amp; More: When our great-grandchildren look back ... 
Veep GIF and a Graf: Amy’s Epic Mic-Dropping Meltdown: Amy Brookheimer doesn't always get the most attention o... 
Comcast names new CFO: Comcast said Monday it has named Michael Cavanagh as its new chief financial officer. 
New dating site caters to the 'monogamish': Brandon Wade, a former Booz Allen consultant, failed in the dotcom... 
Experts: Here's how to play the Fed liftoff: Small-cap stocks like regional banks look appealing as a Federal ... 
Stocks Mixed In Late Afternoon; Cal-Maine Breaks Out: Stocks remained mixed early Monday afternoon amid persis... 
White House Gives Conditional Approval for Shell to Drill in Arctic: The move is a major victory for Shell, bu... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
58th Grammy Awards Slates First-Ever Monday Broadcast for 2016: Music’s Biggest Night will return to Los Angel... 
A Housing Recovery Built to Last?: One indicator hasn't looked this good in years. 
Court rules Bank Mellat case should go on: Iranian lender is suing UK Treasury for losses after 2009 order blo... 
Yemen, bombe saudite sui ribelli sciiti a Sana’a – Foto: Il bombardamento contro le postazioni degli Houthi a ... 
Anti-Cameron protesters clash with police outside Downing Street - video 
Cameron avrà anche stravinto, ma perde milioni di voti 
What the April NFP Report Might Mean for Fed Policy 

Advil vs. Tylenol. Which to Use, and When: The popular over-the-counter analgesics are each at their best when... 

Tomorrow Is Free Cone Day at Häagen-Dazs 

These Restaurants Are In Completely Unexpected Places 
Looking for the perfect outdoor lunch spot? Bryant Park Lawn is officially open! 
Le regole di Tolstoj per vivere la vita perfetta 
Osborne's allies welcomed into key business posts after the reshuffle: Amber Rudd and Sajid Javid both take Ca... 
Court rules Bank Mellat case should go on: Iranian lender is suing UK Treasury for losses after 2009 order blo... 



Exclusive: Nile Rodgers &amp; Chic to Headline Apollo 2015 Spring Gala: Nile Rodgers and Chic are set to headline ... 
Exposing the “If we call it a blockchain, perhaps it won’t be deemed a cartel?” tactic: Why are the great and ... 
The Labor Union Double Standard: Yes, unions sure are good at goading others to strike for higher wages... but... 
Google Maps shuts down editing after 'robot peeing' incident: Read full story for latest details. 
Eurogruppo: «Bene Grecia, ma più sforzi»: 
Comunicato al termine dell'ultimo incontro: : «Progressi notevoli, ... 
George Zimmerman Suffers Gunshot Wound in Florida: Cops: Zimmerman was acquitted by a Florida jury in 2013 of ... 
17 Cute One-Piece Swimsuits, in Case You Aren't Quite Bikini-Ready: These styles do double duty, covering any ... 
Chinese Internet stocks rally following PBOC cut, Shanghai gains:  
Nordic American Tankers +4% after earnings:  
Contango Oil &amp; Gas posts big drops in earnings, revenues, production:  
Finanziamento partiti, Marina e Piersilvio per la prima volta danno soldi a Fi: Due assegni da 100mila euro ci... 
Millennial Moms Create Investing Opportunity, Says Goldman: A new report by Goldman Sachs, considering millenn... 
How to Implement a Factor-based Smart Beta Investing Strategy: Smart beta expert Sara Shores explains factor i... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Breakingviews: Ahold and Delhaize Is a Deal Waiting to Happen: The parents of Stop &amp; Shop and Food Lion are re... 
Trotz OK with Ovechkin saying Caps will win Rangers series: ARLINGTON, Va. (AP)  Alex Ovechkin certainly can t... 
Castlevania’s Producer Emerges From the Wreckage of Konami: Today, Igarashi is launching a Kickstarter campaig... 
Noble's Rosetta Deal Is OPEC's Problem: Deals and financing are putting off a shakeout in the U.S. oil sector. 
Il viaggio secolare della sinistra. Dalla chiesa alla sacrestia.: Qualche cosa o qualcuno si aggira nella cult... 
Online Common Core testing lays bare tech divide in schools: Nestled between mountains 60 miles from the neare... 
Mike Cavanagh Leaves Carlyle After A Year To Become Next Comcast CFO: Mike Cavanagh is decamping private equit... 
'An Open Letter to Bill McNabb, CEO of Vanguard Group': Stephen G. Cecchetti and Kermit L. Schoenholtz (sort o... 
2015 Billboard Music Awards: How to Blow $1 Million in Vegas (It's Easy!): Mariah Carey Gets Up Close With Fan... 
Madoff aide who pleaded guilty in fraud dies: Frank DiPascali Jr., a Madoff aide who pleaded guilty, died on T... 
'Breastaurants' and more: Where vice is business: Sin is definitely in at these restaurants, which offer up se... 
Steve Jobs' old business cards fetch thousands: Steve Jobs old business cards sell for thousands. 
How Airbnb plans to avoid more horror stories: CEO: Airbnb's Brian Chesky explains what measures the company i... 
2 Inmates Dead After Nebraska Regains Control of Prison: Inmates took control of at least part of the Tecumseh... 
Rick Snyder, Non-Candidate: His experience as a CPA could have mattered in the 2016 campaign. 
Cavanagh quits Carlyle to join Comcast: Former JPMorgan banker becomes cable group’s finance director 
Etsy stock tanks 10% on fears of counterfeit goods: Etsy, the online marketplace for crafts, is seeing a lot o... 
Mediterranean Diet Boosts Brain Power, Study Finds: The popular diet, supplemented with olive oil or nuts, hel... 
Millennials Become the Biggest Generation in the U.S. Workforce: Millennials have moved past Generation X to b... 
Stocks Mixed In Afternoon; Noah Up On China Rate Cut: Stocks remained mixed early Monday afternoon amid persis... 
The $9 Computer Crushing Kickstarter Right Now: It's smaller than a credit card yet powerful enough to act lik... 
Audit says $211 million contract for NY economic development ads shows no tangible results: The $211 million s... 
Pusha T Talks New EDM Side Hustle: 'It's Going to Be a New Wave': Meet dance music's improbable new star -- ra... 
Intesa profits rise on improved trading: Italian bank’s earnings beat forecasts, helped by improving economy 
Markets yet to show any signs of Brexit concern: In the run up to the election there were countless headlines ... 
Home goods a top priority at J.C. Penney:  
NetApp drops on fresh Pac Crest downgrade:  
On the hour:  
Arkansas DHS Director Misled Lawmakers on Obamacare Waiver: Arkansas bureaucrats are wasting millions of dolla... 
Yoox first quarter net revenues up 16%: Leading luxury e-tailer YOOX reports first quarter net revenues at Eur... 
Desire! That's the one secret of every man's career. Not education. Not being born with hidden talents. Desire.
Virtu – All That Glitters Is Not Gold, Says BMO: Virtu Financial (VIRT), a high frequency trading firm whose i... 
Enti pubblici, fonte inesauribile di sorprese. Il caso di Sardegna Ricerche: Questa volta è da segnalare il ca... 
Who's talking about Pep Guardiola?: Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich are suffering through a critical spell but... 
Greece hands over 750m euros to IMF: Greece's cash-strapped government has begun the transfer of €750m (£544m,... 
How to Show Trustworthiness in a Job Interview: 

Most advice about job interviews is about how to assess a ca... 
OPEC Expects Oil Prices To Be About $76 A Barrel In 2025: Oil slipped towards $65 a barrel on Monday as signs ... 
Tornado Threat Moves North: Which Places Are at Risk: Indiana, Michigan and Ohio are at risk for isolated tornadoes. 
In Heavyweight Trade Fight, Warren Stings Obama With a Left Jab: For a freshman senator in the minority party,... 
Trade Group Says U.S. Home Price Appreciation Accelerating: Home-price appreciation accelerated in many market... 
Avvenire e Famiglia Cristiana vanno a nozze con l’Expo: Le due testate cattoliche danno vita a NoiExpo, il pri... 
Ana makes landfall in South Carolina on Mother's Day: This was no Mother's Day gift to South Carolina as Ana m... 
Fed's Williams: Jobs report shows 'good momentum': When asked about the prospect of a near-term rate hike, Wil... 
Breakout: These stocks may be ready to run: Big financials have been perking up lately and may be ready for an... 
First crowdfunded real estate project paying off: Fundrise is an online crowdfunding platform, offering invest... 
Tornado threat: 43M in path of severe weather: After a tornado ravaged a Texas city, roughly 43 million Americ... 
Hear It First: Queen Latifah Singing Bessie Smith's 'Young Woman's Blues': After more than a decade of talks o... 
Veil of Maya Premieres New Album 'Matriarch': Exclusive: The most immediate thing that fans of screamcore band... 
Volvo factory to bring 4,000 jobs to South Carolina: Another foreign automaker plans to create American jobs b... 
Starbucks is shrinking the Frappuccino: Read full story for latest details. 



Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Calendar of major business events scheduled for Tuesday: Major business and economic events scheduled for Tues... 
Works by Picasso and Giacometti poised to challenge auction records: With collectors' appetite for masterpiece... 
Drillers Answer Low Oil Prices With Cost-Saving Innovations: Even as boom towns go quiet, oil production chugs... 
Weekly Economic Commentary    10 May 2015 
BBVA Research GeoMena Report 
Bunds: Are They Really The Short Of A Lifetime? 
Monday assorted links: 1. “Why don’t they come?”  It’s not what they like, I would say, plus they are worse at... 
Sorry, but Lawyers Aren't Going Away: But the boom years may never return. 
Millennial Movers: The Dynamo Behind the World's Largest Offline Search Engine 
Bank levy reform is ripe for reform: George Osborne should resist milking lenders harder 
River Cruises: See the World and Only Unpack Once: River cruises—from Viking, AmaWaterways, Tauck and more—let... 
L’innalzamento del livello del mare sta accelerando: Nuovi calcoli hanno scoperto errori nelle stime riferite ... 
Things to Read at Lunchtime on May 11, 2015: Must- and Should-Reads: FRB Atlanta: “The GDPNow model forecast f... 
Sajid Javid: the Thatcherite son of a bus conductor now in charge of Britain's business policy: The new Busine... 
Fed’s Williams Tells CNBC Not to Expect Warning of Coming Rate Hikes: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Pr... 
Fiscal competition or harmonisation?: Tax harmonisation will stop harmful fiscal dumping, and help realise the... 
This Facebook Search Feature Could Have Google Worried: Facebook is testing its own in-app search engine that ... 
The Dangerfield Recovery Or A Skousen Reality: During my morning reading I ran across this article by my frien... 
Tori Kelly's Journey to the Billboard Music Awards: Watch It Here: Tori Kelly is coming to the 2015 Billboard ... 
Wall St lobby in battle on advisory clamp: Fight against proposed new rule that threatens lucrative retirement... 
New World: from the mother of short squeezes, to someone’s actual mother: Expanded? Loosened? Dumped? A market... 
Nun Testifies at Bombing Trial: Tsarnaev 'Genuinely Sorry': Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team wrapped up its it... 
Serbia: Statement by an IMF mission:  
Could Beyonce be the New Face of Givenchy?:  
Stocks Quietly Mixed At Midday; Oil Stocks Hit By OPEC Report: Stocks were mixed in lower volume near midday M... 
Why buy local?: I like my local Safeway grocery store a lot. (I can even get sardines at midnight.) But while ... 
Drillers Answer Low Oil Prices With Cost-Saving Innovations: Even as boom towns go quiet, oil production chugs... 

American Capital invests $21.5M in Electronic Warfare Associates:  
"Take a summer vacation" on onshore oil service stocks, Citi says:  
Bill Simmons to Twitter?: Many are wondering where Bill Simmons will go next now that ESPN is not renewing his... 
New York’s Mayor pledges $74 Million to FIT: The Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) has received $74 millio... 
Paul Krugman: Wall Street Vampires:  
 
Financial reform seems to be working:
 Wall Street Vampires, by Paul K... 
Ferrovie Nord Milano, gioco online e ristoranti di lusso con carta aziendale: Le Ferrovie Nord Milano (Fnm) gi... 
USD/JPY hits fresh highs slightly above 120.00: FXStreet (Córdoba) - Greenback gained momentum across the boar... 
NY cracks down on nail salons that exploit workers: New York Governor Andrew Cuomo is cracking down on nail sa... 
Mad Men Recap: Leaving on a Jet Plane: Giving people what they want is well and good. Giving people what they ... 
Tempur Sealy C.E.O. and Chairman to Resign in Corporate Governance Fight: Tempur Sealy’s moves were prompted a... 
Chris Leithner: What Happens When Rates Of Interest Rise?: Chris Leithner Letter Nos. 184-187
26 March 2015 – ... 
15 for 2015: Vote for the best Women's World Cup goal: With the FIFA Women's World Cup Canada 2015<TRADE MARK SIGN> tantalisin... 
Recently Acquired Del Taco Reports Q1; Comps Up 7.7%: Del Taco Holdings (TACO), recently turned public through... 
XOP, GURX: Big ETF Outflows: Looking at units outstanding versus one week prior within the universe of ETFs co... 
Fed Sticks To Eight FOMC Meetings, Four News Conferences In 2016: The Federal Reserve announced the dates for ... 
Qatari telco Ooredoo signs $500m loan deal: Phone operator also says chief executive of its Myanmar unit has d... 
Ukraine Fight Flares Again: U.S. Should Keep Arms and Troops at Home: Doug Bandow

The ceasefire in eastern U... 
Magari è un piano B, ma ora l’Iran in Siria punta solo sulla partizione: Forse c’è stato un momento in cui gli... 
A climate signal in the global distribution of copper deposits: Climate helps drive the erosion process that e... 
China's Next Challenge: Spurring Loans to Small Firms: China’s central bank is grappling with how to steer cre... 
Olive Garden's latest plan: Breadstick sandwiches: The restaurant chain known for its unlimited breadsticks sa... 
Fed's Williams: Jobs report shows 'good momentum': When asked about the prospect of a near-term rate hike, Wil... 
The $9 computer crushing Kickstarter right now: C.H.I.P, a tiny $9 computer, blew past its $50,000 funding goa... 
P. Diddy's Combs Enterprises Names Nathalie Moar Head of Communications: Nathalie Moar has been named svp and ... 
White Collar Watch: Choosing the Battlefield in S.E.C. Cases: Defense lawyers complain about the use of an adm... 



The Myth of Shareholder Value: Sodexo CEO Michel Landel advocates improving employees' quality of life to boos... 


Wall St lobby in battle on advisory clamp: Fight against proposed new rule that threatens lucrative retirement... 
Dieta mediterranea: fa bene anche al cervello: Con l'aggiunta di olio extra vergine o noci, aiuta a ridurre il... 
CEOs Need to Pay Attention to Employer Branding: 
As the global economy picks up, there is growing concern amo... 
Classic Albums Remade: Bob Dylan, 'Highway 61 Revisited': Our Classic Albums Remade playlist series is an oppo... 
Waterford Wedgwood sold to Finnish heritage brand: $437m deal follows a six-year turnaround process by US priv... 
Who Is Coming to America? Increasingly, Chinese Students and Indian 20-Somethings: Chinese students and 20-som... 
Germany says Greek referendum on reform could help: EU paymaster Germany said on Monday (11 May) it could make... 
Talented Girls at dusk: Every Monday, 
That rarity in the US: a new bank: Primary Bank, due to launch this summer, aspires to virtues akin to those i... 
UK General Election: Europe reacts (Part II): Following Saturday's first round-up, the Open Europe team have b... 
Rise in higher-paying jobs lighting US economy: The job growth in April is a sign of a recovery with more full... 
Federal Open Market Committee announces its tentative meeting schedule for 2016: Federal Open Market Committee... 
How the Success of 'Empire' Spawned New Hip-Hop-Oriented Shows: Any big hit has a ripple effect, and two TV sh... 
La matematica è anche un gioco: Sandro e Paolo fanno il seguente gioco. Ci sono 8 gettoni sul tavolo: si gioca... 
Boko Haram Survivors Now Face Battle Against Hunger: Islamist militant group Boko Haram grabbed swathes of Nig... 
A Nearly Unrecognizable Game of Thrones Actress, and More Best Dressed From BAFTA TV Awards: Across the pond i... 
Le Monde lancia un'edizione del mattino: 
È la prima volta. Nuovo servizio solo su smartphone. L'utente può se... 
Comcast Hires Michael Cavanagh as Chief Financial Officer: Mr. Cavanagh, a prominent figure on Wall Street, wi... 
Zillow up 6.8% on pre-earnings SunTrust upgrade:  
BioTime reports Q1 results:  
Cal-Maine Foods rallies again:  
Armajaro Records Its First Up Month Of The Year: Armajaro Asset Management’s flagship Commodities Fund was abl... 
Four Signs It's Time To Start Looking For A New Job: When should you start looking for a new job? Sometimes, i... 
Aman Resorts and Remote Lands launch private jet journey: Aman Resorts and Remote Lands are excited to announc... 
Stocks Start Week Quiet And Mixed; Monster, Cisco, Dean Foods Advance: Stocks opened in a listless mood Monday... 
Cuba Has a Lung Cancer Vaccine—And America Wants It: Researchers will bring the vaccine stateside and track it... 
Emerging Market Preview:  Week Ahead: (from my colleague Dr. Win Thin)EM assets are again being pulled in two ... 
Germany, in shift, says Greek referendum on reform could help: BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU paymaster Germany said ... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Citigroup says could plead guilty to settle FX probe: Citigroup could plead guilty to an antitrust charge to r... 
New Dubai Expo 2020 Logo To Be Unveiled On October 20: The new logo design will be selected from 18,000 entrie... 
Yemen’s Houthis Broadcast Video Purportedly Showing Downed Moroccan Jet: The F-16, part of Saudi-led coalition... 
AerCap Shares Took Flight As Q1 Revenue Soars: AerCap (AER) shares took flight Monday on a strong first-quarte... 
Comcast Hires Michael Cavanagh as Chief Financial Officer: Mr. Cavanagh, a prominent figure on Wall Street, wi... 
Larry Summers: America isn't 'stuck': Don't bet against America. 
Sampson names squad, targets trophy: England head coach Mark Sampson has sets his sights on lifting the FIFA W... 
Comcast Taps Carlyle Executive As Next Financial Chief: Comcast named its next financial chief: Michael Cavana... 
Nepal disaster relief efforts to be aided by glacier researchers: Researchers who normally use high-resolution... 
Dow Spring Flowers Include UnitedHealth, Visa And Three Others: They say that April showers bring May flowers ... 
In ricordo di Aldo Moro: Sabato scorso abbiamo vissuto una giornata importante a Via Caetani per ricordare l'a... 
Citi Could Plead Guilty in DoJ Forex Probe: The bank confirmed on Monday it it in 'active discussions' with th... 
Fiskars buys luxury home goods maker Waterford Wedgwood Royal Doulton for $437 million: Finland's Fiskars says... 
Cramer: Looking for 'no news is good news' rally: CNBC's Jim Cramer explains why a "no news is good news" rall... 
Rise in higher-paying jobs lighting US economy: The job growth in April is a sign of a recovery with more full... 
End of an era: Fox lowers curtain on 'American Idol': Fox is lowering the curtain on "American Idol," ending a... 
Kendrick Lamar Will Appear in Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood' Video: Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift are officially... 
Kuwait seeks refinery optimisation: Petrochemical integration seen as a potential way to achieve better profitability 
Self-Driving Cars Getting Dinged in California: AP Exclusive: Four of the nearly 50 self-driving cars now roll... 
What It Will Take to Fix America’s Crumbling Infrastructure: 

May 11-15 is national Infrastructure Week in th... 
Sinosphere Blog: Chinese Billionaire Takes Over 6,000 Employees on a Trip to France: Tiens Group, a direct sal... 
Why Putin Treats Fantasy as History: His disagreement with Merkel goes back to World War II. 
Big banks to be fined $5bn-plus on forex: Barclays, Citi, RBS, JPM and UBS expected to settle with the US Depa... 
International Economic Preview For the Week of May 11-15: Forums: XE Market AnalysisHale Stewart is a former b... 
Nostalgie sovietiche, 70 anni dopo la fine della guerra: Ritratti di Stalin, bandiere e stelle rosse nelle cel... 
Relegation just the beginning for QPR: Queens Park Rangers' fate was finally confirmed on Sunday with a 6-0 de... 
Over at Grasping Reality: Arthur Burns: Secret Diary, 1969: Over at Grasping Reality: Arthur Burns: Secret Dia... 
Fitness First turnaround spurs return to growth in the UK: The gym chain, which came close to administration t... 
Self-Driving Cars Getting Dinged in California: AP Exclusive: Four of the nearly 50 self-driving cars now roll... 
26 days to go: 500,000 football fans attended the 26 matches of the FIFA Women's World Cup China PR 1991 nearl... 
Big banks to be fined $5bn-plus on forex: Barclays, Citi, RBS, JPM and UBS expected to settle with the US Depa... 
Nissan, le tecnologie della Qashqai per la “postazione di lavoro perfetta”: The post Nissan, le tecnologie del... 
Press release  ECB mourns Alexandre Lamfalussy, one of the euro’s founding fathers:  
First Read: GOP Hopefuls Keep Focus on Foreign Policy: First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press an... 
Game of Thrones Recap: Kill the Boy: This week, Sansa deals with another sociopathic fiance, Jon makes an unpo... 
How These Women Are Making $30,000+ Selling Used Clothes: Carrie Bradshaw's classic quip about liking her mone... 
Hugo Boss The Latest Luxury Brand To Feel The Sting Of China’s Spending Slowdown: Hugo Boss is the latest luxu... 
Whole Foods' New Concept May Miss Its Intended Target: Whole Foods is launching a whole new low-priced geared ... 
Eurozone Finance Ministers to Meet for Greece Debt Talks: No clear resolution to the country’s long-running de... 
Mieux, Vienna's Rising Dance Duo, Release the Joyous 'Are You Happy' (Exclusive Premiere): "Minor moods can be... 
DXY consolidating around 95.00: FXStreet (Edinburgh) - The US Dollar Index, which tracks the greenback vs. a b... 
The rise of green gas: Turning maize, rye and potato waste into energy 
Dan Loeb Describes Short Selling, Sovereign Debt Bets: Dan Loeb’s talks Third Point Reinsurance first quarter ... 
Noble Energy To Expand In Texas With Rosetta Resources Buy: Noble Energy (NBL) will buy Rosetta Resources (ROS... 
Stock futures little changed after soaring last week on strong jobs data: (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures... 
Power Rankings: D.C. extend their lead:  
Goldman expected to settle forex suit for $130M: Goldman Sachs is expected to pay $129.5 million to settle its... 
Dean Foods' Stock Surges After Profit, Sales And Outlook Top Expectations: Shares of Dean Foods Co. surged 6.7... 
Lucumi on a mission for Cali and Colombia: Colombia’s top scorer in the qualifiers for New Zealand 2015, talen... 
Best of Last Week – A quantum shortcut, a ten-engine plane and cell phones that bother babies in utero: (Phys.... 
TripAdvisor Displayed Broad-based Growth Across Segments In Q1 2015: TripAdvisor's business listings grew by 1... 
Leona Lewis Premieres Anthemic Single 'Fire Under My Feet': Leona Lewis is back with her anthemic new single "... 
Come conciliare investimenti stranieri e interesse nazionale: Il 15 maggio a Firenze si discuterà del tema in ... 
QE-fueled rally in Europe is dangerous: Fund CEO: Aberdeen Asset Management CEO Martin Gilbert says QE in Euro... 
Picasso masterpiece set to smash world record: A  sale is set to make history today could see a Picasso master... 
This Facebook search feature could worry Google: Facebook is testing its own in-app search engine that will al... 
Wealth Gap Rhetoric in the Face of Reality: James A. Dorn

French economist Thomas Piketty’s best-seller “Cap... 
‘American Idol’ Will End Its Run in 2016: Fox’s singing competition, which made its debut in 2002, was one of ... 
Unicorns, Sphinxes and Bitcoin for Stocks: Other corns: Quinquagintacorns, sesquicorns, ubercorns. 
FCA raps insurers over monthly premiums: Consumers who pay through monthly instalments often unaware of fees a... 
Oman plans private placement for debut OMR200 sukuk- report: (Adds officials&amp;apos comments, context, analysis)... 
L’ultima follia di Fb: “Game of 72″: Si tratta tutt'altro che di un gioco divertente: adolescenti decidono di ... 
The Relegation Scrap: Hull in trouble as Premier League battle nears end: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Pre... 
Must-Read: Bruce Bartlett: How Fox News Changed American Media and Political Dynamics: Must-Read: The thing th... 
Greens welcome Amber Rudd as new Energy Secretary: Amber Rudd is expected to continue to promote a the pro-ren... 
US Borrows Short-Term Funds for Free:  US government debt managers may be envious of many European countries t... 
Debt disruptors yet to face downturn test: While alternative lenders are gaining popularity, how much extra ri... 
'American Idol' Ending With Season 15: American Idol will be back for a 15th season and final season.
Fox anno... 
Papa Francesco: “Potenti non vogliono la pace, vivono grazie all’industria di armi”: “Tante persone potenti no... 
Press Release: IMF Staff Concludes Seventh Review Mission Under an EFF with Pakistan:  
How Daimler Built the World’s First Self-Driving Semi: The Freightliner Inspiration is a big step forward on t... 
Fed Propose 50% Marijuana Tax---As A Tax Cut: WIth more states legalizing medical and recreational marijuana, ... 
Polcari: Is Monetary Policy Losing Its Global Influence?: Stocks rocketed higher (S&amp;P 500 +1.4%) on Friday as ... 
‘American Idol’ Will End Its Run in 2016: Fox’s singing competition, which made its debut in 2002, was one of ... 
Global Indemnity beats by $0.19, beats on revenue:  
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals beats by $0.01:  
Capitala Finance misses by $0.06, misses on revenue:  
Portfolio Evaluation: Benchmarking for Success: Can portfolio evaluation be done in a way that helps investmen... 
Cardinals checking out former rugby star with family ties: The Cardinals aren’t much of a fullback team, but t... 
To Jumpstart Growth, Flip the Company’s Priorities: 
The punishing forces of quarter-to-quarter performance ex... 
Dish revenue rises as it earns more per pay-TV user: (Reuters) - Dish Network Corp reported a 3.6 percent rise... 
Banks prepare defense for anti-Wall Street campaigns: WSJ: (Reuters) - Top executives from the biggest U.S. ba... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Dubai Properties Launches Arabella Townhouses In Mudon Project: Sales of the three and four bedroom townhouses... 
Getting the low-density supersonic decelerator (LDSD) vehicle to test altitude: In June NASA will conduct the ... 
Fiskars Agrees to Buy Owner of Wedgwood and Waterford: The Finnish maker of home and garden products said it w... 
Monday's Top 7 News Stories: More severe weather and charges in the deaths of two police officers in Mississip... 
Taylor Swift Reveals 'Bad Blood' Character Posters for Lena Dunham &amp; Hailee Steinfeld: Were you thinking the "... 
No Salesforce takeover, Buy Cisco: Smart Money: Here's the best research calls from top Wall Street firms Monday. 
Crazy market loves this 'OK' jobs data: Economist: Traders are cheering data that suggest the Fed will put off... 
Self-driving cars accident-free? Not in California: Four of the nearly 50 self-driving cars now rolling around... 
Still No Reform Deal: Greece Wants Progress Noted: Greece demanded on Monday that euro zone finance ministers ... 
Bank of England Holds Rates Steady: The decision was intended in part to mitigate government spending cuts exp... 
Progress on the world's tallest tower: Phase one of Kingdom Tower under way 
Nobody's Worried About 'Too Big to Jail' Any More: Really, you should be fined for every time you post a messa... 
Debt disruptors yet to face downturn test: While alternative lenders are gaining popularity, how much extra ri... 
Grecia: ecco perché il fallimento è più vicino: La rigidità sulle riforme del pubblico impiego e delle pension... 
We’re All Video Companies Now: Like BuzzFeed and Facebook, Spotify reportedly wants to start showing you video... 
Grand Central: Chinese Stocks Defy Signs of Economic Distress: The Wall Street Journal’s Daily Report on Globa... 
Grillo vs Veronesi: Beppe, giù le mani dalla mammografia: Mi occupo di comunicazione della ricerca al Minister... 
Markets Live: Monday, 11th May, 2015: Live markets commentary from 
Continue reading: Mar... 
China's Smartphone Market Contracts For The First Time In 6 Years: New research from IDC shows one of the worl... 
One Year Later, Ebola’s Lessons for the Next Big Outbreak: The sun is setting on the great Ebola crisis. But i... 
UK interest rates kept at record low: UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% for another month by the Bank o... 
Sotheby's beats by $0.11, beats on revenue:  
Rentech beats by $0.01, misses on revenue:  
Rentech Nitrogen Partners beats by $0.11, beats on revenue:  
Does Scotland have to leave the Union?: I thought so at first, upon seeing the election results with strong SN... 
Volvo Cars picks South Carolina to supply toughening U.S. market: PARIS/DETROIT (Reuters) - Sweden's Volvo Car... 
Financial Innovation: The Origins of the Tri-Party Repo Market: Antoine Martin and Susan McLaughlinFirst in a ... 
French biodynamic winemaker facing court for refusing to spray vines: French officials have targeted a second ... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
The cosmic evolution of galaxies: Our knowledge of the big bang has increased dramatically in the past decade,... 
Severe Weather, Twisters Destroy Homes and Kill 2: Suspected tornadoes killed at least two people in Arkansas ... 
Oil Prices Fall: Oil futures fell as the dollar strengthened and analysts questioned whether the recent price ... 
Third of UAE execs say struggling as cost of living rockets: New survey reveals 34% of professionals working i... 
Torniamo al 275: l’unico cambiamento della scuola pubblica e della sua organizzazione può venire solo dal bass... 
Uber funds highlight the speedy pace of investments: Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money in less t... 
Homes smashed, 26 hurt as tornado hits Texas city: At least 26 people were hospitalized when a tornado ripped ... 
The chart that should concern Internet investors: Have Internet stocks becoming dangerously overvalued? That’s... 
Starbucks dangles 'Mini Frappuccino' for people looking for small indulgence: If even a small Frappuccino seem... 
Birkenstock Doesn't Care if Fashionistas Stop Wearing Its Sandals: German footwear firm shrugs at recent popul... 
Oman plans private placement for debut OMR200m sukuk- report: Oman plans to sell first sovereign Islamic bond,... 
XE Market Analysis: North America - May 11, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisThe USD continued to hold generall... 
Ecco come lo smartphone diventerà un bastone per ciechi: Un nuovo sistema di riconoscimento facciale allerta l... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Severe Weather, Twisters Destroy Homes and Kill 2: Suspected tornadoes killed at least two people in Arkansas ... 
EU referendum: David Cameron must be ambitious, not cautious: In a guest post for Open Europe, David Frost arg... 
In Inghilterra si dimettono, in Italia no: elettori traditi, dal Mattarellum a Renzi: In Inghilterra si dimett... 
Kelsea Ballerini Prepares to Breakout: 'Being a Songwriter is Really the Base of Being an Artist': The weekend... 
Would You Wear a 60-Carat Diamond on Your Belt Buckle? Roland Iten Thinks So: Not everyone would think to turn... 
Mad Max: What It Takes to Make the Most Intense Movie Ever: Half a lifetime ago, George Miller unleashed 1979’... 
Dollar Firmer but Going Nowhere Quickly:  The US dollar has begun the new week on firm footing, but the tone i... 
Whistl suspends delivery service: Private postal business Whistl - formerly known as TNT - has suspended deliv... 
RadNet misses by $0.17, beats on revenue:  
AES EPS in-line, misses on revenue:  
Wayfair beats by $0.01, beats on revenue:  
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Oman Plans Private Placement For Debut OMR200m Sukuk: The committee arranging the issue said it had received i... 
Saudi, Kuwait To Shut Joint Oilfield For Two Weeks: Total production from the Wafra onshore oilfield is around... 
Prince Harry: 'I'd Love to Have Kids Right Now': Britain Prince Harry revealed Monday he would "love to have k... 
Predict the next champion, win a champion’s jersey: Submit your prediction for who you think will be crowned t... 
That's a wrap! Egyptian mummy 'scandal' exposed: The Ancient Egyptian mummy industry wasn't above a bit of sha... 
Apple’s latest bid to clean up image in China…: Apple has expanded its environmental initiatives in China in a... 
Stocks could rally this week: Stocks could march into record territory in the week ahead—unless the economy st... 
Watch Skrillex and Diplo's Jack U Perform at L.A. Clippers Game: Basketball fans watching on as the hometown L... 
La scalata del grattacielo di Shenzhen: Stiano alla larga quelli che soffrono di vertigini
The post La scalata... 
Real Madrid said 'goodbye' to La Liga title vs. Valencia - Dani Carvajal: Dani Carvajal believes Real Madrid h... 
Tv, Ulisse è sbarcato a Napoli: ottimi ascolti, ma è una pizza senza sapore: Sabato Ulisse è andato a Napoli p... 
UK shares build on election rally: After jumping more than 2% on Friday, the FTSE 100 continues to rise with m... 
Airbus shares head south after A400M crash:  
DTZ to buy Cushman &amp; Wakefield for $2B:  
SoftBank CEO names future successor:  
Homes 'Destroyed,' 26 Hurt as Tornado Hits Texas City: At least 26 people were hospitalized when a tornado rip... 
Is a Fiscal Deficit Really “Austerity”?: Back in late 2012 there were a number of Keynesian economists who wer... 
Airbus shares fall after A400M military plane crash: PARIS (Reuters) - Shares in Airbus Group fell on Monday a... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
San Francisco commuters snub public transit for $6 bus ride: The compact city that inspired ride-hailing compa... 
DTZ Agrees to Buy Cushman &amp; Wakefield for $2 Billion: The deal would create a combined real estate services co... 
S. Korea Wary After Kim Jong Un Fires Missile From Sub: North Korea's recent test-firing of a ballistic missil... 
Has Krugman been proved wrong on austerity?: Election results in the U.K. have reignited a debate that has bee... 
Dubai's DP World expected to issue $500m 5-yr bond: One of the world's biggest port operators, it has appointe... 
Cosa farà ancora Papa Francesco per aprire Cuba al mondo: Come spesso accade, le battute estemporanee rivelano... 
Oman to issue sovereign sukuk: Finance Ministry announces issuance 
DTZ to buy Cushman &amp; Wakefield for $2bn: Private-equity backed real estate adviser’s purchase will create grou... 
Thailand's Latest Skin-Whitening Fad Is Disturbing: Asia's skin-whitening industrial complex never stops innovating. 
Saudi's Alkhabeer Capital targets Islamic endowment business: Alkhabeer Capital launched an advisory service f... 
Striscia la Notizia: caso Fabio e Mingo, ora indaga la Procura di Bari: Gli inviati avrebbero realizzato due s... 
Wall Street Vampires: The plot against financial reform continues, despite the fact that one important measure... 
Greeks gets ready for showdown with Europe: Athens digs trenches over slashing wages and pensions as Leftist g... 
Klinsmann: I want USA to play a proactive style: USA coach and former FIFA World Cup winner Jurgen Klinsmann t... 
Parma – Napoli, se i ‘falliti’ danno lezioni di etica a chi chiagne, fotte e se ne fotte: “È stata una bella p... 
FT Opening Quote – Lonmin losses, Afren misses payment: Lonmin losses, a missed payment from Afren and an ex-D... 
An Exceptional Breguet Diver's Watch Goes Up for Auction at Christie's Geneva: The sale of a vintage Breguet t... 
Mumford &amp; Sons' 'Wilder Mind' Opens at No. 1 in U.K.:  
Mumford &amp; Sons have landed an instant U.K. No. 1 with ... 
Il governo affida a Enel la banda ultralarga, schiaffo a Telecom: 
Piano per riportare sotto il controllo pubb... 
Cuomo Orders Emergency Measures to Protect Workers at Nail Salons: Acting in response to a series in The New Y... 
Dechert leads on debut Rule 144A/Reg S bond issue out of the Sultanate of Oman: International law firm Dechert... 
ADNIC announces net profit of AED 5 million for Q1 2015: Abu Dhabi National Insurance Company (ADNIC) announce... 
British Chancellor may sell RBS shares at a loss:  
China becomes world's top crude buyer:  
French finance minister sees no Greek deal with euro zone on Monday: PARIS (Reuters) - Talks between Greece an... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
China's smartphone market contracts in Q1: IDC: China's smartphone market contracted in the first quarter for ... 
Dubai’s DP World Expected To Issue $500m Five-Year Bond: Barclays, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, Emirates NBD Capi... 
China Overtakes US To Become World’s Top Crude Oil Buyer: China's crude oil imports hit a record of almost 7.4... 
Saudi King Salman to Skip Meetings With Obama: Saudi Arabia's state news agency said King Salman would not att... 
Saudi King won’t attend meetings in US: Saudi Arabia announced that its new monarch would not be attending mee... 
US companies hoarding $1 trillion in cash: Just five US companies are hoarding nearly half a trillion dollars ... 
Climate change, passi (e ostacoli) verso un nuovo trattato globale: L’Australia è diventata un ostacolo ai neg... 
Cuomo Orders Emergency Measures to Protect Workers at Nail Salons: Acting in response to a series in The New Y... 
Sultan Qaboos to miss US summit: Deputy prime minister will lead Omani delegation 
Little England Goes Big: Seventy years after the end of World War II, Britain confronts division, isolation an... 
XE Market Analysis: Europe - May 11, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisThe biggest mover today was the NZD, whic... 
Lavorare a Barcellona, quattro motivi per farlo: Clima ottimo, buona qualità della vita, ambiente di lavoro st... 
Watch Kanye West Perform 'All Day' At Chicago Bulls Game: LeBron James wasn’t the only superstar who made the ... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Eurozone finance ministers meet ahead of Greek debt deadline - live updates: The Eurogroup will gather in Brus... 
Call for clarity on insurance costs: The Financial Conduct Authority says insurance companies are not being cl... 
China’s rearguard action against deflation: In terms of monetary easing, PBoC action barely moves the needle 
USD expected to resume its upside – Rabobank: FXStreet (Edinburgh) - Jane Foley, Senior Currency Strategist at... 
Eurozone ministers to meet for Greek debt talks:  
Sharp shares plummet after capital cut talk:  
Asian stocks on the rise after Chinese easing:  
China becomes world's top crude buyer despite economy stuttering: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - China overtook the Uni... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
China smartphone market contracted in first quarter: iPhones may be selling like hotcakes in China, but overal... 
Big business eyes US rebound ahead of Fed hike: Chief financial officers from around the globe are betting on ... 
Fosun raises funds as stock price doubles: Acquisitive Chinese group raising as much as $1.2bn in Hong Kong sh... 
Fotografia Europea: Effetto Terra: Mostre, installazioni, conferenze, incontri: si apre la decima edizione  di... 
Waka Flocka Flame's Tour of Australia Scrapped Due to 'Firearms and Drug Charges': Waka Flocka Flame’s schedul... 
UK businesses urge David Cameron to be 'bold' and 'ambitious' to boost UK economy: Business want 'fundamental ... 
Ducks fortunate Corey Perry returned in Game 5: The commanding combination of Ryan Getzlaf, Corey Perry and Pa... 
'Arrow' Season 3, Episode 22 Review: 'This Is Your Sword': Oliver's secret plans are revealed, and one of 'Arr... 
FirstFT (the new 6am Cut): You can sign up to receive the email here.
David Cameron will put the finishing tou... 
Links for 05-11-15: Fed faces limits on crisis lending powers - 
Bund “tantrum” warns of ... 
Market Movers: USD firm, NZD worst performer on RBNZ easing expectations – TDS: FXStreet (Barcelona) - Prashan... 
These 5 tech companies are sitting on $430 billion in cash: American tech companies are sitting on a massive p... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
Owner Of Oman’s Largest Power Plant Begins $146m Flotation: Subscription for the initial public offering, whic... 
Saudi King Sending Crown Prince To Summit With US President Obama: The summit coincides with the start of a fi... 
Why Europe will never give up Greece: Faber: Preventing Russian influence in the Mediterranean is the reason w... 
Markets blew up the bunds and helped Greece: Bond traders' "short of a lifetime" has brought down the yields o... 
What do you make of the recent bond rout?: Global government bond prices saw a dramatic fall last week, dividi... 
Ecco le ambizioni inglesi di Fitto oltre Forza Italia: Il dado è ormai tratto. Certo, Raffaele Fitto continua ... 
Jordan shale oil struggles for finance: Eesti Energia has still not secured funding for its shale oil and powe... 
What It's Like To Ride Shotgun In a Self-Driving Big Rig: Riding in the passenger seat of an self-driving truc... 
Raul Castro dal Papa: “Se continua così, divento cattolico” – Foto: Il presidente cubano a Roma ha visto il Po... 
What It's Like To Ride Shotgun In a Self-Driving Big Rig: Riding in the passenger seat of an self-driving truc... 
The Disengagement Factory: Can you remember your first "real" job? I don't mean the one where you worked at a ... 
EUR/USD might weaken towards 1.1122 – AceTrader: FXStreet (Barcelona) - EUR/USD break below the 1.1179 low sug... 
Oil steady, little help from Chinese interest rate cut: SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Crude futures were little change... 
Asia shares rise as China steps up support for economy: TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian shares rose on Monday as inves... 
Measuring the expertise of burglars: Here is a Schneier on Security post in toto, I won’t indent it once again... 
Monday's economic calendar:  
The biggest risk to US growth: further dollar rally: The biggest risk to US economic growth remains the possib... 
Asia Stocks: Latest Quotes: Here are the latest trading levels for Asia's major stock markets: Tokyo (Nikkei A... 
China Reportedly Tops U.S. As World's Largest Crude-oil Importer: China has now surpassed the U.S. as the worl... 
Vi spiego come ho vinto alla Consulta sulle pensioni: Chi è l'avvocato che per conto di Federmanager e Manager... 
Firms bids for Dubai financial centre mall: Project is part of ongoing development at Dubai International Fina... 
China's central bank is just getting started: China's central bank is just getting started with its efforts to... 
A Modern Twist on Health Class: Many New York schools are incorporating mindfulness training to help students ... 
Economists React: China’s Rate Cut Is a Stone Aimed at Many Birds: Economists weigh in on the meaning of China... 
Blur's Damon Albarn Opens-Up on the 'Miraculous Conception' That is 'the Magic Whip': Most rock 'n' roll reuni... 
NZD/USD extends losses below 0.74 – at fresh 2-month lows: FXStreet (Mumbai) - The New Zealand extends its dow... 
Bits Blog: An Obama Plan to Stop Foreign Hackers Has Mixed Results: The Obama administration’s two-year-old st... 
Chivas face neighbors Atlas, America draw Pachuca in 2015 Clausura: Reigning Liga MX champion Club America wil... 
China Cuts Interest Rates as Economic Growth Slows: China’s central bank is stepping up monetary-easing measur... 
Guy Carawan, 'We Shall Overcome' Performer, Dies at 87: The musician and folk singer who promoted the song "We... 
Frank DiPascali Jr., Madoff Aide Who Pleaded Guilty in Fraud, Dies at 58: Mr. DiPascali was a top aide to Bern... 
Is Indonesia's President Too Democratic?: Attacking multinational companies attracts applause, but not investment. 
Two Dead as Typhoon Noul Slams Philippines: At least two people were killed and almost 4,000 others were force... 
Weekend Box Office: 'Pitch Perfect 2' Snags Aca-Awesome $8.8M Overseas, 'Hot Pursuit' Crashes: Here is all of ... 
EUR/JPY testing strong support zone - FXStreet: FXStreet (Guatemala) - Valeria Bednarik, chief analyst at FXSt... 
Tony Rodham’s Ties Invite Scrutiny for Hillary and Bill Clinton: As he has cycled through various ventures, Mr... 
News Corp. starts first buybacks since Fox separation:  

Crude rally about to sputter?: There is a distinct possibility that the recent oil rally is about to run out o... 
IMF Sets Up Contingency Plans for Greek Default: The International Monetary Fund is working with national auth... 
Handling Grenades To The Heart | David Mielcarek | LinkedIn 
Australia Stocks Move Higher As Resource Shares Gain: Australian stocks headed higher in early Monday action, ... 
Retro Report: Action and Dysfunction in the U.S. Food-Safety Effort: Outbreaks of tainted food often lead to c... 
Huge Brawl Breaks Out on Massachusetts Beach: More than 100 people were involved in a fight on Revere Beach, M... 
Summer Cocktail Recipes: 8 Cool Drinks from Hot New York Restaurants: Beat the dog days of summer with citrus-... 
Asian markets rise on China rate cut: Asian markets open higher on Monday after China cut interest rates for t... 
USD/JPY better offered in Tokyo: FXStreet (Guatemala) - USD/JPY is currently trading at 119.74 with a high of ... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
China's falling interest rates: Expectations are building up that China's central bank will soon announce more... 
Japan Stocks Rally, But Sharp And Toshiba Set For Painful Plunge: Japanese stocks took the share-rally baton f... 
The Future of Remote Work Feels Like Teleportation: Columnist Christopher Mims has experienced the future of r... 
HSBC steps up lending to smaller firms: Bank offers to increase lending to SMEs by more than a quarter this year 
Toronto FC lose home opener to Houston Dynamo: TORONTO -- Boniek Garcia and Will Bruin scored and the Houston ... 
Google dominates media with $50.5bn of advertising revenues: Our dependence on web search highlighted by new r... 
Premier League, retrocede il QPR, arriva il Watford.:   È durata solo un anno la permanenza in Premier League ... 
Canada's celebrity curry chef: The celebrity chef who brought posh curries to Canada 
A Bitcoin Technology Gets Nasdaq Test: Nasdaq OMX Group is testing a new use of the technology that underpins ... 
Japan first-quarter GDP growth seen moderate, weak consumption a concern: TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's economy wa... 
Braves-Reds Preview: In his last two starts, Mike Leake has been effective to the point that he alone has prov... 
Nba: LeBron James sulla sirena. Cleveland 2-2 con Chicago: Un canestro allo scadere del Prescelto regala la vi... 
Nba: LeBron James sulla sirena. Cleveland 2-2 con Chicago: Un canestro allo scadere del Prescelto regala la vi... 
Highlights: Toronto FC 1-2 Houston: The Houston Dynamo triumphed 2-1 over Toronto FC at BMO Field courtesy of ... 
Chamber of Commerce To Launch Ad Blitz on Ex-Im Bank: The U.S. Chamber of Commerce will launch a multistate ad... 
Pilots say poll shows public want strict curbs on flying drones in cities: British Airline Pilots Association ... 
Ozzy Osbourne Donates $10K to Kids Group That Covered 'Crazy Train': Ozzy Osbourne put his money where his mou... 
Leadership Lessons Learned From Motherhood: Today is Mother’s Day so I thought it was appropriate to share som... 
Intervista alla compositrice Enrica Sciandrone: “La mia musica per il cinema, alchimia tra immagini e suoni”: ... 
Central, Eastern and Southeastern Europe (CESEE) -- Regional Economic Issue, May 2015:  
RBNZ to cut by 25bps in June, another cut in July - ANZ: FXStreet (Bali) - ANZ expects the RBNZ to cut by 25bp... 
FDA clears Nevro spinal stimulation system for pain management:  
It's a happy Mother's Day for endangered right whales: For marine biologists at the New England Aquarium, it's... 
Hernanes brace seals Inter Milan comeback, Sampdoria keep up European push: Hernanes scored twice against his ... 
In U.K., Barriers Rising Against Foreign Deals: Foreign ownership of top U.K. companies could face tougher hur... 
Treasury Auctions Set for the Week of May 11: The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for p... 
Family of Teen With Autism Kicked Off Flight: An Oregon mom plans to sue United Airlines after it removed her ... 
Saving the Saudis From Their Yemen Disaster: John Kerry deserves some credit, but only some. 
Mets' Reliever Makes Memories for Young Fans on the Road: About 90 minutes before most Mets road games, relief... 
Relegation deserved for pathetic QPR with future bleak under Fernandes: QPR coach Chris Ramsey dubbed his side... 
Magical Thinking on Migrants: A scheme to use military intervention to block dangerous human smuggling in Liby... 
Greece's 'war cabinet' prepares to battle EU creditors as anger mounts: The country's radical-Left leaders hav... 
How Yellen may have debunked a conspiracy theory: By voicing concern about asset prices, Yellen may have actua... 
Don Draper, Your Mustang Is Here: After swinging its new-generation 2015 Mustang distinctly away from its pred... 
Key events for the week ahead - Nomura: FXStreet (Bali) - Franklin Wang, Research Analyst at Nomura, breaks do... 
I.M.F. and Central Bank Loom Large Over Greece’s Debt Talks: Each institution is a creditor to Greece that exp... 
Notable earnings after Monday’s close:  
Notable earnings before Monday’s open:  
NYC parks for families: The coolest spots to picnic, hike and more 
Rowdy Brooklyn High School Banned For Life From Guggenheim 
Multiple People Attacked &amp; Robbed In Separate Incidents In Central Park 

Prosecutor to Deliver Decision in Tony Robinson Shooting: The fatal shooting of Robinson, 19, on March 7 by Ma... 
Kanye West, Justin Bieber Rule KIIS FM's Wango Tango Festival: KIIS FM's daylong Wango Tango festival at the S... 
South Africa rhino poaching at new record levels: South Africa said Sunday that more rhinos were poached in th... 
I.M.F. and Central Bank Loom Large Over Greece’s Debt Talks: Each institution is a creditor to Greece that exp... 
Bond Insurers' Exposure to Puerto Rico Tough to See: Investors seeking to anticipate the impact of a potential... 
Rand Paul courts tech by blasting NSA snooping: Rand Paul drew praise by blasting the NSA's data collection in... 
Go Inside the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony: Looks like quite a party!
Today, HBO release... 
Late to the party, global banks try to muscle into India's start-up boom: MUMBAI (Reuters) - Global investment... 
I.M.F. and Central Bank Loom Large Over Greece’s Debt Talks: Each institution is a creditor to Greece that exp... 
Jeff Smith Talks Unlocking Value In Yahoo, Darden, Brinks: Jeff Smith interview highlights and video via Wall ... 
Twellman: Toronto have a cohesive attack: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey and Taylor Twellman preview Toronto FC's mat... 
BG staff must compete for jobs after Shell takeover, says boss Helge Lund: BG Group chief executive Helge Lund... 
Living The Curated Life - a framework -: Once upon a time, the world was divided into neat little boxes. Work ... 
The Week Ahead: Retailers’ Results, Board Vote at DuPont and Shareholder Meetings: This week’s business news w... 
Jimmy Carter Unwell, Heads Home from Guyana: Former president Jimmy Carter left Guyana a day before the electi... 
Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments: Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money i... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
Rackspace Coming Unhinged: Ahead of the Tape: Cloud-computing company Rackspace rallied on Amazon’s results bu... 
How Yellen may have debunked a conspiracy theory: By voicing concern about asset prices, Yellen may have actua... 
'Avengers 2' won't stop beating up competition: 'Avengers 2: Age of Ultron' was a big hit with moviegoers agai... 
Mother's Day Surprise: President Gives Moms a Call: Three moms who had written President Barack Obama letters ... 
Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments: Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money i... 
Donadoni accusa il Napoli: “Ci dicevano che dovevamo perdere perché falliti”: Dopo partita bollente al Tardini... 
Atletico Madrid draw late on Fernando Torres goal, Campbell leads Villarreal: Fernando Torres scored with 10 m... 
Trade Aid Package Renews a Pricey Health-Care Tax Credit: Overlooked in the debate over President Barack Obama... 
Strength in diversity should be the future of regulation: Without regulatory competition there will be much le... 
Watch Sleater-Kinney's Carrie Brownstein Throw Out Seattle Mariners' First Pitch: Add Sleater-Kinney member an... 
Elezioni comunali in Trentino Alto Adige: bassa affluenza, spoglio in corso: Calo dell’affluenza alle elezioni... 
Is Premier League Promotion Really Worth $185M? What The Numbers Say: Parachute payments are made to relegated... 
Uber Valuation Highlights the Speedy Pace of Investments: Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money in l... 
Reuters: EU asking Qualcomm's rivals about business practices:  
GSV's discount to NAV remains above 30%; Twitter stake lowered:  
Ana Weakens to Depression, Dumping Rain on Carolinas: Tropical Storm Ana lost the last of its strength and was... 
Investors Pay a Price for Caution on China: Abreast of the Market: For years, Western portfolio managers have ... 
Food Bank mission: Tackle NYC hunger, money woes: Women are being impacted by hunger in record numbers. It's a... 
Pound Jumps Against US$ But Trouble Ahead Post Tory Triumph Amid 'Brexit' Fears: Despite the Pound jumping aga... 
Chase Organics, the UK fertilizer firm selling seaweed to the Chinese: Marijuana farms are trialling SM6 in a ... 
Grillo vs Veronesi, Renzi: “Non ascoltate presunti politici: fate la mammografia”: “Con i tumori non si scherz... 
New Activist Focused ETF; Brink’s; Comverse; Atlantic Power: There’s always too much to get to during the week... 
China Cuts Interest Rates After Alarming Fall In Trade: Central bank action won’t work and signals desperation... 
Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Wiz Khalifa &amp; More Celebrate Mother's Day on Social Media: Happy Mother's Day!Music st... 
Prem: Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a standing ovation in Liverpool's 1-1 draw wit... 
Why are there so few breweries in the South?: Stephan F. Gohmann has a paper on this topic, here goes:
Most so... 
Il genio di Leonardo in mostra a Milano in occasione di EXPO: Lonardo offre il meglio del suo genio in una str... 
Baby Kangaroo Stolen From Mother's Pouch at Zoo: "There's just bad people in the world," said zoo owner Dona W... 
Networks Fret as Ad Dollars Flow to Digital Media: Traditional television, once seen as the best way to reach ... 
Impressed By Pope, Raul Castro May Rejoin Church: After meeting at the Vatican Sunday with Pope Francis, Cuban... 
Treasury sells down stake in Lloyds: Government expected to say as early as this week that it has taken advant... 
Tommaso Ottieri, La Funzione del Nero: È un viaggio attraverso le suggestioni e la coesistenza del nero e dell... 
Tommaso Ottieri, La Funzione del Nero: È un viaggio attraverso le suggestioni e la coesistenza del nero e dell... 
US Equity and Economic Review For the Week of May 4-8; Mid-Caps Break Trend, Edition: Forums: XE Market Analys... 
Brendan Rodgers laments 'awful' Liverpool start in draw at Chelsea: #INSERT type:image caption:Gerrard, who le... 
Greener, quieter and more efficient - has Rolls-Royce created the train of the future?: Aero engine manufactur... 
Former Labour ministers call for ban on pre-election polls to be considered: Polling chiefs admit failings as ... 
Parma crac, dall’Europa League al fallimento: l’anno nero in un libro: La storia è una di quelle che comincian... 

Treasury sells down stake in Lloyds: Government expected to say as early as this week that it has taken advant... 

Stream Chelsea Grin on Yahoo Live: Tonight, 6 p.m. PT!:  
US, Czech Republic make quarterfinals at hockey worlds: PRAGUE (AP)  Brock Nelson scored twice and added an as... 





Metallica Dominates With Raucous Headlining Set on Day 2 of Rock in Rio USA: No disrespect to any other act wh... 
Rubio's political hopes boosted by a deep pocket: Marco Rubio's rapid rise in the GOP has been bankrolled by o... 
Travel hubs hitch a ride on Apple Watch bandwagon: Grab your gear and book a flight—hotels and travel hubs are... 
Uber Fund-Raising Points to $50 Billion Valuation: The new capital will not be used primarily for expansion pu... 
Background Check: Why Was Carly Fiorina Fired From HP?: GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina defended her ... 
Buona Scuola, perché sbaglia chi punta il dito contro i dirigenti: L'intervento di Attilio Fratta, segretario ... 
Rock in Rio USA Recap: Day 2:  
UBS’s Orcel has sights set on CEO roles: Investment banking leader content with post and has no plans for expa... 
Assorted China links: 1. The top dozen of contemporary Chinese literature?
2. Rent-a-foreigner.
3. Might Canto... 
Garbage could be beautiful: And I don’t mean in the artistic sense, though that’s an option and one that sheds... 
How the European Central Bank became the real villain of Greece's debt drama: Discretionary power exercised by... 
Ramsey: Our worst performance in a long time: QPR manager Chris Ramsey apologises to the fans after his side's... 
Aborto: #marciaperlavita, la kermesse contro la legge 194 che distribuisce feti giocattolo: Domenica di maggio... 
Video: Measuring the Connectedness of the Financial System - Implications for Systemic Risk Measurement and Ma... 
Americans Take 3-Trillion-Mile Road Trip, Dollar Corrects And Commodities: Americans Take 3-Trillion-Mile Road... 
Tropical Storm Ana Comes Ashore In South Carolina: Tropical Storm Ana, the first of the Atlantic 2015 hurrican... 
Prem: Gerrard -- Liverpool goal (44'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven Gerrard (44') Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea 
Next Stop Oz?: Watch as Rainbow Meets Tornado: The twister, one of about 40 reported in the Plains Saturday, a... 
China Cuts Rates to Halt a Slide in its Economy: The central bank lowered two benchmark interest rates by a qu... 
The Woman in the Neon Niqab: Questions about Europe and Muslim immigrants at the Venice Biennale. 
Banks plot to shift repo trading from London: Bank levy prompts managers to consider which operations still ne... 
Prem: Terry -- Chelsea goal (5'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: John Terry (5') Liverpool 0-1 Chelsea 
Platì, nessun candidato. Tre scioglimenti in 12 anni. E il 31 maggio non si vota: Nessuna lista. Nessuno è dis... 
'SNL' Recap: Florence + The Machine Gives Soaring Performances, Reese Witherspoon Apologizes to Mom &amp; More: Re... 
Eurozone pins hope on long-awaited economic rebound: Latest forecast quarterly growth of 0.5% would beat both ... 
A Follow Up On Starboard Value &amp; Brink’s Company (BCO): A Follow Up On Starboard Value &amp; Brink’s Company (BCO)... 
10 Best Hotel Brunches in the World 

Banks consider shifting repo trading: Bank levy prompts managers to consider which operations still need to be... 
Top Egypt Medical Firm Sees London IPO 11 Times Oversubscribed: Integrated Diagnostics Holdings priced its off... 
UAE’s Air Arabia Q1 Net Profit Up 9%, Misses Estimates: The airline carried 1.8 million passengers in the firs... 
These biotech names are ripe for mergers: Analysts: Biotech M&amp;A chatter is growing. Is now a good time to jump in? 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pre-game accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the sec... 
Formiche quoted by the Russian news website Sputnik. The importance of soft power: This morning, my friend Gia... 
Reinhold Messner e il Nepal: “Va rilanciato”: La proposta dell'alpinista: l'Italia sia capofila di un progetto... 
QPR relegated with a whimper as Aguero and City cruise to easy win: Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green l... 
Festival di Cannes 2015, la Francia presidia la Palma d’oro: 5 film in gara. E in giuria c’è Sophie Marceau: C... 
As Karl Rove Waves White Flag On Obamacare, So Do GOP Governors: News that former George W. Bush White House a... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as QPR slumped to ... 
No solution in sight for Greek crisis as Tsipras weighs impossible dilemma: Tsipras may opt for referendum as ... 
Five Questions that May Be Answered in the Week Ahead: 1.  After the US economy appears to have contracted (-0... 

"Vi dico perché gli ubriachi fan meno danni dei professori" 

Banks Should Look To These Surprise Measures To Improve Book Value: Banks in the U.S., Europe and Japan have b... 
Abercrombie &amp; Fitch still adrift with no CEO:  
What to like about the Wingstop IPO:  
Houthis Accept Saudi Offer of Five-Day Truce in Yemen: Yemen's dominant Houthi group accepted on Sunday a five... 



Christie's could bust wallets with $500M art sale: Christie's could sell $500M of art in a single night. 
Buffet and Gates make billions, and give them away: Two of the world's richest men talk about giving away mone... 
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
Concilio Vaticano II, l’opera di Maria nel nuovo libro di monsignor Malnati: Il nuovo libro del teologo monsig... 
Duqm accommodation reaches financial close: Renaissance raises finance through local banks 
Flood Of Shale Gas Spilling Into Communities Across America: Not many years ago, the U.S. steel industry found... 
Andrea Orcel, UBS investment bank CEO: The Italian on his place in a world that demands bankers gamble less an... 
Bahrain's Al Baraka Q1 net attributable profit rises 9%: Bahrain's Al Baraka Banking Group, Islamic lender wit... 
Andrea Orcel, UBS investment bank CEO: The Italian on his place in a world that demands bankers gamble less an... 
Prem: Kolarov -- Man City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Aleksandar Kolarov (32') Manhester City 2-0 QPR 
Expo 2015, la guida di FQ Magazine ai ristoranti milanesi: El Gaucho: Expo – where to eat El Gaucho, un angolo... 
Greece debt repayment uncertain amid fresh round of talks: Cash-strapped nation is due to repay €770m on Tuesd... 
The Animal Kingdom’s Most Devoted (And Disturbing) Mothers: There are some seriously bizarre---and devoted---m... 
What it will take for stocks to go higher: The stock market has been going up, up, up for basically six years.... 
27 days to go: Despite having won four of the six previous FIFA Women's World Cups, Germany and USA have never... 
Bahrain’s Al Baraka Q1 Net Attributable Profit Rises 9%: The bank made a net profit attributable to equity hol... 
Così Staino ha scudisciato Bersani sull’Italicum: L'analisi di Pierluigi Magnaschi, direttore di Italia Oggi e... 
Money And Ethics: Let's Show Our Kids How They Fit Together: With all of the corporate financial scandal that ... 
Jim O’Neil: Justin Gilbert more attentive and engaged this season: The Browns had two first-round picks that f... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
Niger: risparmiati dall’Ebola, colpiti dalla meningite. Dentro il ‘Lazzareto’ di Niamey: L’unica ambulanza fun... 
Happy Mother's Day! Shakira, Paulina Rubio &amp; Other Celebs Talk Motherhood: In celebration of Mother's Day, we ... 
What's In Store For Macy's In Q1 Report?: Investors will get an idea of how retailers are faring when Macy's (... 
Past Equity Market Responses to Fed Rate Hikes: Outside of political considerations with Russia and Greece, Fe... 
Liberia declared Ebola-free:  
Uber eyes $50B valuation with new funding:  
LULU test for PRO and Non PRO:  
Home-Cooked Meals and Netflix on Mars? It Could Happen: Getting to the Red Planet is only half the battle: Exp... 
With Oil Prices Low, GCC States Agree To Push Value-Added Tax Plan: However, officials did not give any time f... 
Etihad Flight From Cairo To Abu Dhabi Diverted To Dubai For Security Reasons: Flight EY650, an Airbus A321, wa... 
Topical Storm Ana, Slightly Weaker, Makes Landfall: Tropical Storm Ana weakened slightly before making landfal... 
Gulf states agree to push VAT project with oil prices low: Doha meeting of GCC officials adopts draft agreemen... 
CEO of Saudi's Al Rajhi Bank resigns, new head appointed: Suleiman bin Abdul Aziz al-Zabin has resigned as chi... 
Poker Bot Battles Humans to a Draw: NBC: A poker showdown between professional players and an artificial intel... 
Tutte le battaglie nella guerra sulle pensioni: L'intervento di Michele Poerio, presidente nazionale della Fed... 
How To Transform Education With Video Games: Video games are essentially complex systems that very young child... 
Kuwait announces retender of Al-Zour package four: Process will be fast-tracked 
US warns hedge funds pose cyber risk: Managers are weak link in financial system’s defences against hackers an... 
Fabrizio Bosso: l’album-omaggio a Duke Ellington: Dal 26 maggio il tributo a uno dei più grandi compositori de... 
Fabrizio Bosso: l’album-omaggio a Duke Ellington: Dal 26 maggio il tributo a uno dei più grandi compositori de... 
Osborne may sell RBS shares at a loss: Report: The U.K. Chancellor may sell state-owned shares in RBS at a los... 
China cuts interest rates to 5.1%: The People's Bank of China has cut interest rates for the second time this ... 
Il vino della settimana: Pietracalda, il Fiano di Feudi di San Gregorio non è un ‘di gomma’. Anzi: Chi ha il p... 
China cuts interest rates for third time since November: Analysts fear Bank of China has been too slow in reac... 
Cha-Cha Around The Check: Should The Man Pick Up The Tab On a Date?: Illustration by Colleen Kong-Savage
The f... 
Abu Dhabi to launch index to raise healthcare standards: Health Authority - Abu Dhabi plans 'transparent quali... 
China cuts interest rates again:  
Airbus A400M crashes during test flight:  
Israel and Palestine Football Associations meet FIFA President in Zurich: FIFA President Blatter welcomed the ... 
Dubai Parks And Resorts Says 42% Of Project Infrastructure Completed: The theme park operator also said that i... 
Putin takes swipe at US in military parade speech: The Russian president used a high-profile event to call for... 
Euro zone set to post solid growth—for a change: Hopes are high that the euro zone is finally shaking off half... 
China cuts interest rates as economy sputters: China's central bank cut its benchmark lending rates Sunday, as... 
Raul Castro Meets Pope Ahead of U.S.-Cuba Trip: Pope Francis, who helped broker a historic thaw between the Un... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
The Other Shoe Drops In China; Central Bank Cuts Interest Rates: There was a bit of puzzlement in the markets ... 
Arabia Saudita, tutte le mosse geopolitiche di re Salman: Il nuovo re Salman bin Abdulaziz ha impresso un nuov... 
KA-Care being lined up as nuclear regulator: Alternative energy body is set to be reformed to focus on Saudi A... 
Red Bulls, NYCFC Import New York's First Derby: Derbies, or games between rivals from the same city, are major... 
Così la tecnologia sta cambiando il modo di visitare i musei: Audioguide, video, totem, postazioni multimedial... 
Buco pensioni, Padoan: “In settimana il decreto. Rimborsi parziali e selettivi”: “In settimana vareremo il dec... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
New lenders to shake up India bank scene: A wave of upstart private sector banks will sweep past state-backed ... 
China cuts interest rates to boost economy: BEIJING (Reuters) - China's central bank cut its benchmark lending... 
Liberia declared Ebola Free: Liberia has been declared Ebola free by the World Health Organisation (WHO) after... 
Mother's Day Misery: Twisters, Hail, Flooding Threaten Plains: Tornadoes, thunderstorms, and potential floodin... 
Abu Dhabi’s Aldar Launches Plots For Sale At Nareel Island: The Nareel development, designed for Emiratis, con... 
Kanye West at KIIS FM's Wango Tango: 'Everybody at the Radio Station is Scared I Might Talk Some Shit': It was... 
Real Madrid do not pass to Gareth Bale enough, says agent Jonathan Barnett: Gareth Bale's agent Jonathan Barne... 
Ecco i prossimi ostacoli del governo Renzi: Francamente non mi appassiona sapere se il governo sapesse o meno ... 
Mutual misunderstanding: The left and right don't understand each other's conceptions of morality, and don't e... 
Biennale Venezia 2015: i volti, le ombre e le radici in ‘Armenity’: Un gioco di ombre e luci, dove emergono so... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
The war items fetching record prices at auction: War items sold at auction include a 'keep calm and carry on' ... 
Ending double dipping on parental leave unlikely to save money – business group: Businesses will stop offering... 
Euro zone set to report solid growth, for a change: LONDON (Reuters) - With optimism building that the United ... 
SHUAA Capital reports net loss of AED 1.6 million for Q1 2015: SHUAA Capital today reports revenues of AED 44.... 
IMF Staff completes discussion with Central African Economic and Monetary Community: A team from the Internati... 
'Gundam Extreme Versus Full Boost' Gets Extensive Update And New Freemium Approach To DLC: The successful PS3 ... 
More support for Dubai aviation expected after UK election: Conservatives formed new government after 7 May ge... 
Nordisti contro Sudisti. Foto della Guerra Civile Americana: A Milano la mostra “Nordisti contro Sudisti. La G... 
Medicina, scoperte nuove staminali: “Utili per sostituire gli organi danneggiati”: La medicina rigenerativa pu... 
A warm welcome to the new 'minister for personal finance': Comment: Ros Altmann's inclusion in the new governm... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
Links for 05-10-15: Fiscal shocks in a globalised world - Vox EU
Economists don't have "physics envy" - Noahpi... 
CEO of Saudi’s Al Rajhi Bank Resigns, New Head Appointed: Steve Bertamana has been appointed chief executive e... 
Dubai Metro Red Line Construction To Begin By Q1 2016: The contract for the project will be awarded on January... 
Perché il prezzo del greggio sta risalendo: L'analisi di Alessandro Fugnoli, capo strategist dei fondi Kairos 
Unofficial race results and stats for the SpongeBob SquarePants 400 at Kansas Speedway: Unofficial results for... 
China’s ideological spectrum: It is basically statist vs. classical liberal, and it is strongly uni-dimensiona... 
Frank DiPascali Is Dead, Four Months Before His Sentencing; Bernie Madoff's 'Sammy the Bull' Was 58: It’s been... 
Manhunt For Suspects After 2 Mississippi Officers Killed: The officers were conducting a traffic stop in Hatti... 
Duqm Development Company appoints Aecom: US firm appointed for feasibility, master plan and design of phase tw... 
Two Mississippi Police Officers Die After Being Shot: The officers were conducting a traffic stop in Hattiesbu... 
Obama, Saudi King Salman To Meet At White House Before Summit Next Week: Both leaders will "build on their clo... 
US, Gulf Allies Seek Agreement On New Security Measures -Kerry: The Obama administration faces a formidable ch... 
How to Vet a Charity: Giving is a form of investment. Online resources such as GuideStar, Charity Navigator an... 
Belgian operator to open Libyan hotel: Carlson Rezidor announces new hotel in Libya despite on-going instability   
Ed Sheeran Shares Personal Home Videos in 'Photograph' Video: Ed Sheeran is giving fans a very personal peek i... 
new york city 
Why Stock Buybacks Are Good For The Economy And Country: Self-interest has always been a primary tenet of capi... 
Crew collect first home win vs. Sounders:  
Musings About Statism and Cultural Production: I have not fed this blog for a while. First, I am lazy. Second,... 
5 Reasons an Oil Shock Is Coming 



Listen to Prince’s Moving Tribute Song ‘Baltimore’: Ahead of his “Rally 4 Peace” concert in Baltimore on Sunda... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
15 Words You Need to Eliminate From Your Vocabulary 
Alibaba acquires stake in US online retailer Zulily: Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has acquired a more than... 
5 Helpful Tips for Part-Time Forex Traders 


Lugares y Sitios Favoritos 
Central Park 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Diego!!! 
Why Goodell Must Suspend Brady &amp; Belichick For A Season: Lesser punishments will make cheating endemic in the NFL 
Baby Dies After Mom Allegedly Throws Him Into River: Zymeir Perry, 1, of Allentown, was pronounced dead Saturd... 
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
Watch Miley Cyrus Lip Sync 'Wannabe' By Spice Girls: To celebrate the birthdays of both her pal Cheyne Thomas ... 
The Best Big Data And Business Analytics Companies To Work For In 2015: InsightSquared, Paxata, Trifacta, Clou... 
Google: un doodle per la Festa della mamma: Una divertente animazione che rende omaggio alla maternità: dal ci... 
Farmers feel the squeeze from supermarket deals: Closure threat hangs over growing number of farms as cuts in ... 
8 Neighborhoods on the Rise: Where to Buy Now in NYC 
School Head Sorry for 'Black People' Remark at Graduation: The founder of an alternative school in Georgia iss... 
Cissy Houston on Bobbi Kristina: 'She's Not Progressing at All': Just one day after Bobby Brown and Pat Housto... 
Do Massachusetts Schools Prove Unions Are Good?: Brad Delong's "comment of the day" presents a defense of teac... 
Devante Smith-Pelly's blast gives Habs early 1-0 lead: Montreal strikes first against Tampa Bay in the first p... 


Mubarak Sentenced to 3 Years, Will Likely Go Free: Mubarak and his sons have already spent at least three year... 

Milan-Roma 2-1: la mano del Diavolo sulle aspirazioni Champions di Totti&amp;Co.: L’abito non fa il monaco ma port... 


Louis van Gaal optimistic over Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw injuries: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal put a p... 
Famed Country Fiddler Johnny Gimble Dies at 89: Renowned fiddler Johnny Gimble, who gained fame for his backup... 
Bret Michaels Gets ‘Gritty’ With New Country Album:  
Arsene Wenger urges Theo Walcott to stay at Arsenal, hints at central role: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has ... 
Julio Iglesias Receives Honorary Degree from Berklee: Julio Iglesias and three other prominent music industry ... 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid's La Liga title hopes wer... 
Meet Taylor Swift's Latest 'Bad Blood' Video Co-Stars: Gigi Hadid &amp; Ellie Goulding: Taylor Swift showed some m... 
Alibaba takes 9.3% stake in Zulily:  
Ana Strengthens to Tropical Storm as it Nears Carolinas: Ana strengthened into a tropical storm as it moved sl... 
Uber-rich! Valuation may top $50 billion: Report:  
Lyon's title hopes suffer big blow vs. Caen; Bordeaux beat Nantes: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-... 
Presidents, Mother's Day and American Tradition: Mother's Day was officially set aside as a special day on May... 
Police Release Video Showing Cop Kick Suspect in Head: Video of a 2013 arrest shows a Dover Police Department ... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Utilities Sector at an Inflection Point: The utilities sector may not be the most glamorous, but many investor... 
Magic! Win Big at 2015 Canadian Radio Music Awards: Magic!, whose song "Rude" exploded in Canada long before i... 
WSJ: Charter seeking up to $30B in debt for a TWC deal:  
NFL Will Suspend Brady For 'Deflategate': Reports: National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell plans a... 
Yellen's worried—is that a good thing for markets?: Are Fed warnings contrary indicators? 
Teen accepted by all 8 Ivy League schools chooses Yale: Read full story for latest details. 
Prem: Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Palace may not have been co... 
How Lower Tariffs Under TPP Could Send More Nike Jobs To Vietnam -- And Harm The Company:   Disclosure: I own ... 
An App That Helps Drivers Earn the Most From Their Trips: A free analytics site allows drivers to use their da... 
Toyota Needs to Give Investors More Love: Toyota’s profit growth looks sure to slow. That’s not a reason for t... 
German magazine markets in everything: The Vangardist, a German men’s magazine, is printing an entire issue us... 
Cina, azienda paga viaggio in Francia a 6400 impiegati. Costo 13 milioni di euro: Un’azienda cinese di 12mila ... 
British property tax system now the most 'complex' in the world, says PwC: Analysts at the accountancy firm fo... 
Sunderland earn important victory:  
Rock in Rio USA Recap: Day 1, ‘Hella Good’:  
The Darkness Taps Queen Member Roger Taylor's Son as New Drummer: British rock act The Darkness has tapped Ruf... 
Nine Georgia Deputies Fired After Restraint-Chair Death: Nine Georgia deputies have been fired following the d... 
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
Galaxy S6 vs iPhone 6:  
Veronesi, l’attacco di Grillo: “Pubblicizza mammografie forse per avere sovvenzioni”: Beppe Grillo se la prend... 
How Racism Doomed Baltimore: A long history of policies that harmed blacks has given Maryland’s largest city a... 
Navigating Web dating's rough shoals: eHarmony CEO: The founder and CEO of eHarmony offers advice on how to su... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
This Video Shows Everything That's Amazing About GTA V PC Mods: VideoIt's GTA V, as you might remember it, onl... 
'Social Costs of the Financial Sector': Via Tim Taylor, a quotation from Luigi Zingales ("watch video of the l... 
Billionaire Lifts Marco Rubio, Politically and Personally: As Marco Rubio has ascended in the ranks of Republi... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
Elezioni regionali, Sandro Ruotolo: “In Campania ha vinto il Pd degli indagati”: Chi racconta le nefandezze de... 
Cody Simpson and Gigi Hadid Break Up: Cody Simpson and his model girlfriend Gigi Hadid has reportedly broken u... 
Grazie Pisa, Varese ora tocca a te!: Il passaggio di testimone tra Toscana e Lombardia dove Panorama d'Italia ... 
City Pub expands ahead of flotation: The company wants to boost its presence where it already has pubs and wil... 
W.R. Grace Corporation’s Investment Thesis [Slides]: Mitesh Amarthaluru (Duke ’17), Venkata Amarthaluru (Whart... 
Cops Investigating Video Of Woman Spraying Teen After Subway Confrontation 

West Ham lacks quality chances against Aston Villa: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce explains why his team could... 
A$AP Rocky Honors A$AP Yams on New Album Cover Art: A$AP Rocky is paying tribute to late A$AP Mob co-founder/m... 
The Berlin Philharmonic's Next Conductor: The Odds And Ends: It’s a slightly smaller community that cares, but... 
Great White Shark 'Tweets' Location Along Jersey Shore: The shark, Mary Lee, was last seen in the area almost ... 
Siviglia, si schianta un aereo militare. Il video: Un aereo militare si è schiantato nei pressi di Siviglia, a... 
Strage di Capaci, il ricordo di quel 23 maggio non solo in Sicilia: I riti cambiano. Si rinnovano, per continu... 
Prem: Mata -- Man United goal (19'): ENGLISH PREMIER Juan Mata (19')  Crystal Palace 0-1 Manchester United 
Giorgio Panariello: “Il mio sogno? Lavorare con Benigni”: Il comico chiude la terza tappa di Panorama d'Italia... 
Applied Science: Be Direct and Low-Key to Defuse Discord at the Office: In a new paper, management experts rec... 
Why Hedge Funds Love To Go Offshore - Forbes 
3 Dead After Airbus Military Plane Crash in Spain: A military plane carrying seven people crashed at Seville a... 
Rock in Rio USA Day 1 Highlights: No Doubt, Maná, Foster the People &amp; More: An uncharacteristically chilly bre... 
Liberia declared Ebola-free after virus rampage: After months of the virus running rampant, Liberia is now Ebo... 
Mom, daughters build big biz—and lots of confidence: After reading about the lack of female CEOs, Renee Sandle... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
*Guantánamo Diary*: That is the recent book by Mohamedou Ould Slahi, who has been held at Guantánamo for many ... 
Dozens Escape When Deadly Riot Erupts At Iraqi Prison: Fifty inmates and 12 policemen were killed when a riot ... 
Charter Seeks Debt Package for a  Run at Time Warner Cable: Charter Communications Inc. is in early talks with... 
ISS recommends BMW shareholders vote against Reithofer appointment: FAS: FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Advisory firm I... 
Corner Office: Joel Peterson of JetBlue on Listening Without an Agenda: The chairman of JetBlue Airways says, ... 
Tropical Storm Ana Threatens Carolinas: Weeks before the official start of the Atlantic hurricane season, Ana ... 
Cameron must fast track the referendum on Europe: With business uncertainty having a corrosive effect on the e... 
Prem: Diouf -- Stoke City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Mame Biram Diouf (86') Stoke City 3-0 Tottenham 
For an election that breaks new ground: see the Co-op AGM: Members are set discuss and vote on reforms put in ... 
28 days to go: 28,098 was the crowd for the Opening Match of the FIFA Women's World Cup China PR 2007, when Ge... 
How The Votes Of Big Index Funds Feed CEO Greed And Put Americans’ Retirement Savings in Peril: How the Votes ... 
La Cgil: «A rischio gli stipendi dei dipendenti delle province»: 
Gentile: «Tagli alle risorse ed esuberi non... 
Value-searching in shipping stocks:  
Next-gen vehicle strategy critical for automakers:  
Listen to Prince's Moving Tribute Song 'Baltimore': Ahead of his "Rally 4 Peace" concert in Baltimore on Sunda... 
Rock in Rio USA Recap: Day 1, ‘Hella Good’:  
Friday Box Office: 'Avengers 2' Drops 74%, Tops $250M US, $750M Worldwide: Well, the good news is that the hol... 
SEC Examining Blackstone Fee Practices: Blackstone Group said the SEC has requested information about certain ... 
The Oberoi Group to expand in the GCC: After making its UAE debut with a property in Dubai’s Business Bay in 2... 
French Tourist, 21, Found After Subway Misadventure: The NYPD is working with the French Embassy to find a 21-... 
@oneefficiency <FLEXED BICEPS><CHERRY BLOSSOM><TULIP>
Biennale Venezia 2015, una chiesa (non sconsacrata) si trasforma in una moschea: al suo interno si prega Allah... 
Your Money: Credit Cards With 2% Rebates, While (or if) They Last: These cards are popular with reward seekers... 
Weekly Indicators: watch interest rates! edition: Forums: XE Market AnalysisMonthly data for April was dominat... 
Stream Ciara on Yahoo Live: Tonight, 6 p.m. PT:  
Golden arches need to regain their sparkle: McDonald's is now so big that moving quickly has become impossible 
Prem: Ayoze -- Newcastle goal (41'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Ayoze Perez (41') Newcastle 1-1 West Brom 
Stop celebrating mediocrity! Please do! 

Umili dimore. Ecco la nuova "casetta" di Mario Draghi. Il prezzo? 1,3 miliardi di euro... / Foto 

Study Confirms That Revolving Door Helps Produce “Alpha”: A new academic study offers convincing statistical p... 
10 sentences excellent speakers never say 
Should Internal Auditors and Compliance Officers Become Whistleblowers 
Introducing Tech.eu Radar, an online database of EU tech companies and investors 



Report: Tom Brady will be suspended for Deflategate 

China inflation muted, fuels calls for more easing: China's inflation was more muted than expected in April an... 
The Above-Board Way to Travel to Cuba: Cuba is still off-limits for American tourists, but many special-intere... 
Prem: Dawson heads one off the post (8'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Craig Dawson (8') Newcastle 0-0 West Brom 
@oneefficiency awesome!
What Makes This Painting of Beef Worth More Than $20 Million?: It’s no news that people are willing to spend a... 
Assorted links: 1. “3 Ways to be a Socially Conscious Nail Salon Customer.”  I have a more radical proposal fo... 
Your Money: Credit Cards With 2% Rebates, While (or if) They Last: These cards are popular with reward seekers... 
Marcia per la vita, chi partecipa e perché alla quinta edizione: L’anno scorso, sempre nel mese di maggio, son... 
Prada e Armani, le vere eccellenze del made in Italy. Lontane da Expo: E’ successo pure questo. In una Milano ... 
Ritholtz's Reads: The Science of Slot Machines: Even on the road, I can’t help but collect my favorite long-fo... 

Ronaldo 'donates £5 million in aid of Nepal' 
Immigrazione e sbarchi: scommettiamo che non cambia niente?: Tra proposte di lavoro volontario per chi deve es... 
The World's Most Epic Hotel Pools 

Questor share tip: GSK guarantees dividend for three years: GlaxoSmithKline guaranteed dividend payments for t... 

Prem: Defoe -- Sunderland goal (85'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jermaine Defoe goal (85') Everton 0-2 Sunderland 
This is the difference between a leader and a follower. 

Absorbing Data And Decision Making (part 2): Absorbing Data And Decision Making (part 2) Here is Part 2. Part ... 
'Hope' and 'Courage' as Liberia Declared Free of Ebola: Liberia is free of Ebola after going 42 days without a... 






EUR/USD Forecast: bulls can push up to 1.1530 

The Downside Momentum has Stalled, but Does its Presage a Dollar Recovery?: Three developments drove the dolla... 
Hutchison to sell $4.3bn stake in UK mobile unit to GIC, Abu Dhabi fund: Hutchison agreed in January to buy Te... 










Military plane crashes in Spain; up to 10 on board: The Spanish prime minister said that between eight and 10 ... 
Prem: Graham -- Sunderland goal (53'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Graham goal (53') Everton 0-1 Sunderland 
Hot New Hotels For 2015:  
Spanish Military Plane Crashes Near Seville Airport: A military plane crashed at Seville airport on Saturday, ... 
"Aspiration": Alan Johnson's lament that Labour is no longer "a party of aspiration" confirms my view that Bla... 
Lettera di un iscritto PD a Matteo Renzi: Caro Matteo, prendo la tastiera e ti scrivo. Ti scrivo una lettera, ... 
F1, Gp di Spagna 2015: Mercedes davanti nelle qualifiche: The post F1, Gp di Spagna 2015: Mercedes davanti nel... 
Mosca, la grande parata per i 70 anni dalla fine della guerra – Le foto: Migliaia di militari russi e stranier... 
Why a second emerging market debt storm could be worse than the first: As the Federal Reserve moves to raise i... 
New thin, flat lenses focus light as sharply as curved lenses: Lenses appear in all sorts of everyday objects,... 
Bloomberg: Telsa battery grabbed $800M potential revenue in opening days:  
Watch Live F1: Barcelona Grand Prix Qualifying:  
Visa in talks to buy former Europe unit: Visa is in early-stage talks to buy its former European subsidiary in... 
Whole Foods Spinoff Plan Makes A Whole Lot Of Sense: Good leaders know that their companies need to evolve to ... 
My Kids Have No Idea What I’m Talking About: "I know I seem kind of distracted sometimes, but you kids are two... 
Home Flipping: Where The Biggest Profits Are: With real estate values rising, gross profit from U.S. single-fa... 
Week In Funds: U.S. Stock Funds Gained: U.S. diversified stock funds returned to the winner's circle, halting ... 
Vitalizi, diavoletti e opportunismi: Realismo e onestà vorrebbero che la questione dei vitalizi fosse affronta... 
Berlusconi inciampa sulla pedana del palco in Liguria: “Colpa della sinistra”: “L’Italia sia libera e prospera... 
Born-again business needs to accept the reality on Europe: David Cameron's triumph was a qualified victory for... 
Is This Why People Aren't Spending Their Gas Windfall?: As soon as gas prices began their descent last year, s... 
Nico Rosberg sets fastest time heading into qualifying: After putting up the fastest time of the first practic... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
UK General Election: Europe reacts (Part I): Following the Conservatives' surprisingly large victory in the UK... 
Barclays Notes Volatility Hedges Benefited From S&amp;P 500 Hiccup: In its May 6, VIX Compass publication, Barclay... 
Finanza, il bilancio della settimana del 4/5/2015: La volatilità nei mercati rimane elevata in una settimana r... 
Jeb Bush Is Annoying Conservative Republicans Again: Jeb Bush has pointedly refused to rule out raising taxes ... 
What New Grads Need to do Their First Day on the Job: In her latest post for millennial investors, Ann Hynek s... 
Visa in talks to buy former Europe unit: Visa is in early-stage talks to buy its former European subsidiary in... 
Obama scolds Democrats on trade pact stance: The president, battling for passage of one of the final initiativ... 
After Tory win, EU seeks to avert Brexit: European leaders lost no time in offering David Cameron talks on EU ... 
Is This Why People Aren't Spending Their Gas Windfall?: As soon as gas prices began their descent last year, s... 
IWC Schaffhausen launches digital tool ‘IWC Connect’: IWC Connect is an intelligent tool, which will be embedd... 
Putin, la nostalgia del Cav e le ambiguità dell’Italia: Al cuor non si comanda. E Silvio Berlusconi è noto per... 
Mappe Nokia: Uber sfida Audi, Bmw e Mercedes: L’auto non viaggia più da sola. Il velo di presunzione sembra ca... 
Nba: tripla di Rose sulla Sirena. Chicago 2-1 su Cleveland: Un tiro allo scadere del playmaker regala la vitto... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
Russian Tanks Roll in Massive Red Square Parade: Thousands of Russian troops marched in Red Square and tanks r... 
Amazon drone patent has tracking, talking details: How might those proposed delivery drones from Amazon operat... 
Up to 10 labourers a day collapsing in the heat, says Dubai Ambulance: Dubai Ambulance will visit camps and pr... 
Saudi Electricity says looking for investments to diversify: State-run firm is tasked with providing power to ... 
Major Outbreak: Tornado Threat for Storm-Weary Heartland: Tornadoes and thunderstorms threatened tens of milli... 
BP wins right to appeal some Gulf spill claims: A U.S. court said BP deserves the right to appellate review of... 
Giorno della memoria vittime terrorismo, Mattarella: “Ricordare è non rassegnarsi nella ricerca della verità”:... 
35a serie A, scommesse: Lazio, è la domenica del sorpasso sulla Roma?: Roma contro Milano: giallorossi ospiti ... 
Mainland Tycoon Tops Li Ka-shing As Asia's Richest Man In Latest China Milestone: Mainland China, which boasts... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
Woman Killed by Duck Boat Was Looking at Ipad: Witness: A Ride the Ducks boat full of passengers hit and kille... 
Luis Enrique looks to exorcise the ghost of Real Sociedad in treble chase: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says... 
Da Salisburgo a Bucarest. Tutti i concerti del Festival Enescu: Ogni due anni la folla di musicofili ed ascolt... 
Sharp plans to use capital to wipe out past losses: source: TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sharp Corp is considerin... 
Candy Maker Mars Supports Eating Less Sugar: Mars Inc., which most famously makes M&amp;Ms, has become an unlikely... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Man City need to find another Lionel Messi: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insis... 
Winston Files Counterclaim Against 'False' Sex Accuser: Lawyers for Jameis Winston said in a court filing that... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Domani tutti a Roma. Si Marcia per la Vita: Ha ragione Giuliano Ferrara quando dice che l’aborto volontario è ... 
B.a.u.m, “Bolognina arti urbane in movimento” per raccontare le periferie: Il gigantesco murales di Blu sulla ... 
Toyota, Mazda in talks on expanding partnership: sources: TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp and Mazda Motor ... 
Steve Backshall: 'My starting pay with the BBC was bonkers': Wildlife presenter Steve Backshall talks about hi... 
Will Gulf Carriers Triumph Over US Airlines In The Subsidy Row?: Dto Gulf airlines really get unfair assistanc... 
Have Saudis Succeeded In Maintaining Their Oil Market Share?: Figures from Asia's top three importers show tha... 
Under Miliband Britain Would Have Become Like Venezuela: OK, yes, that headline there probably is a bit hyperb... 
New Orleans Salutes High School Grads' Bright Futures: Graduating seniors from public high schools across New ... 
Regionali in Puglia, ecco candidati e programmi: Nomi, fatti e curiosità in vista del voto del 31 maggio in Pu... 
No Expo? “Sport rivoluzionario”. Il teorico degli anarchici duri “boccia” i black bloc: “Quello che è successo... 
Il ritorno “Perfetto” di Eros Ramazzotti: Martedì esce il tredicesimo disco di inediti del cantante. Tra suoni... 
Trotz: Capitals have moved on from controversial no-goal call: "We felt obviously he was pushed in." 
Manny Pacquiao Should Have Accepted Defeat, Not Used Injury As Excuse: Manny Pacquiao's complaint that he wasn... 
Regionali, così Emanuele Macaluso sculaccia Michele Emiliano: Il Corriere della Sera ha ripreso un messaggio p... 
Toyota and Mazda reportedly cooperating on green car technology: Under the partnership Toyota propose to suppl... 
Links for 05-09-15: What I Missed - Paul Krugman
Irrelevant Things Matter in Economic Behavior - Richard Thale... 
Why Manhattan children earn less when they grow up: I am late to covering this excellent piece by David Leonha... 
Phone Review: HTC One M9: The M9 is a good-looking phone that can compete with the very best in interface.
The... 
The Beatles, Framed: Spectacular news, readers! This week, instead of humdrum contemporary stars, I’m featurin... 
Uber Fund-Raising Points to $50 Billion Valuation: The new capital will not be used primarily for expansion pu... 
Who Will Hire a Petroleum Engineer Now?: The oil slump casts a cloud over the ranks of students who flooded in... 
Orlando City score two late goals to draw with New England Revolution: Aurelien Collin scored in the 90th minu... 
Turks and Caicos: IMF Staff Concludes FSAP Mission:  
Kudlow: GOP will lose without immigration plan: The GOP will lose the 2016 election without a sensible immigra... 
The Revolution Will Not Be Centralized: The existential crisis of the digital age is not one of personal ident... 
WATCH: Wondolowski's tidy finish: San Jose's Chris Wondolowski rounds Colorado goalkeeper Clint Irwin to slot ... 
Are The Lows In Place For Crude Oil?: Are The Lows In Place For Crude Oil? by Bill O’Grady of Confluence Inves... 
FBI Agent Shot Trying to Nab 'Longhorn Bandit': The suspect, believed to be the same man who robbed six banks ... 
T-Mobile/BlackBerry reunion ends year-plus spat:  
What It Means To Youth Sports That Multi-Sport Athletes Dominated NFL Draft: After the NFL draft, you might ha... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
Colorado BBQ Joint Planning a 'White Appreciation Day': A Colorado barbecue joint is cooking up a slew of cont... 
Justin Moore on Touring With New Artists: 'When Did I Get to Be the Old Guy?': A lot of things have changed in... 
China Consumer Price Index (YoY) below expectations (1.6%) in April: Actual (1.5%): 
Some step out as online shoe shop Zappos zaps managers: About 14 percent of Zappos workers have reportedly opt... 
Snoop Dogg Compliments Iggy Azalea &amp; Macklemore: 'They Got Soul': It was just last fall that Snoop Dogg and Ig... 
FCC denies requests to stay its net neutrality ruling:  
How To Solve The Uber vs Taxi Conflict? Medallion Reform: Cab drivers don't want to abolish rideshare companie... 

You'll Be Surprised At What's Missing! Lexical Lacunae: Words We Should Have But Don't -... 

BP wins right to appeal some Gulf spill damages claims: (Reuters) - A U.S. federal appeals court said on Frida... 
Keynes on Moral Philosophy and Macroeconomic Management, and Diverging Wage Series’ Signals: Over at Grasping ... 
The Week Ahead: Are These Key Markets Changing Direction?: It was a pretty ugly weak for the stock market unti... 
NY Backs Bitcoin Exchange. But It May Not Fly in California: Ben Lawsky, New York’s superintendent of financia... 
Diddy Responds to Rumors He's Exec-Producing Kanye West's Album: During an interview Thursday to promote his n... 
Stock Indexes Post Bold Gains, But Volume Steps Back: Stocks rallied in lighter volume Friday, with the major ... 
What would Optimus Prime do? New research taps Transformers to shed light on business leadership: According to... 
New York Backs Bitcoin Exchange. But It May Not Fly In California: Ben Lawsky, New York’s superintendent of fi... 
CBS chief Moonves: Broadcast still best place for ad dollars:  
The Economic Recovery that Can’t Get Any Respect: Is it just me or do we seem to be permanently grumpy about t... 
Visa and Visa Europe Are Said to Consider Reunification: The deal, which could be worth up to $20 billion, wou... 
Cadillac ATS-V and the Strange Joys of Engine Noise: The Cadillac ATS-V Coupe—featuring Engine Sound Enhanceme... 
What's Behind The Recent Sell-off In Shake Shack's Shares?:   Shack Shack’s (NYSE:SHAK) shares sold off close ... 
9 Maggio 1945. La Russia e la storia che ritorna.: Il 9 maggio 1945 la Russia celebra la sua vittoria sulla sc... 
Stream Mumford &amp; Sons' iHeartRadio Record Release Party Now!:  
Average Jane Won't Miss ESPN's Average Joe: Bill Simmons isn't a media rebel. He's a bro in a bro's world. 
Braden Holtby denies Martin St. Louis with kick save: Martin St. Louis fails to elevate the puck in front of a... 
Things to Read at Nighttime on May 8, 2015: Must- and Should-Reads: Simon Wren-Lewis: “The IMF… may be full of... 
Syngenta Can Reap More From Monsanto: There is underlying logic to Monsanto’s takeover offer to Syngenta. But ... 
Chelsea chasing Everton's 'defender of the future' John Stones: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses some of the s... 
Altering genes with the aid of light: Scientists have been manipulating genes for a while. The University of P... 
Lawyers for Baltimore Cops Want Prosecutor Off Case: The motion, filed on behalf of six police officers charge... 
Tink &amp; Timbaland Cover Aaliyah's 'One in a Million': Call it a passing of the torch: Timbaland’s new R&amp;B sensa... 
Cameron, prime conferme nella squadra di governo: A poche ore dalla clamorosa vittoria elettorale che ha dato ... 
Game|Life Podcast: Let’s All Go to Nintendoland: Nintendo and Universal are teaming up for park attractions? W... 
ESPN letting go of top personality Simmons:  
Nvidia drops 7.4% post-earnings; analysts battle over PCs, growth markets:  
Bitauto posts 2.3% gain after Q1 beat, strong Q2 sales guidance:  

Thriving clubs and fervent fans: could Florida become the US's soccer capital? 
Thriving clubs and fervent fans: Is Florida now the US's soccer capital? 
Can Peruvian Chefs Conquer the World?: These days, Peru’s hottest export is a gang of ambitious chefs bent on ... 
Cramer Remix: The two key stocks I'm watching: “Mad Money” host Jim Cramer will be watching two reports like a... 
Higher US beef prices ahead as imports cool down: Record-high U.S. beef prices will likely climb even higher t... 
Bill Simmons and ESPN to part ways: Bill Simmons, who built an empire at ESPN, will leave the media giant when... 
Report: US Youth Soccer directs state associations not to speak to med 
Non-adherence in health care: Are patients or policy makers ill-informed?: Non-adherence in health care result... 
Dangote cannot afford to buy Arsenal football club 
China, Russia Prepare $2 Billion Agricultural Investment Fund 
GIC to invest S$2.3 billion to acquire stake in Three and O2 UK 
Singapore's GIC to buy stake in Hutchison Whampoa's UK mobile units 
Singapore sovereign wealth fund to buy stakes in UK telco 
Norway’s Sovereign Wealth Fund Is Falling 
Islam Meets Wall Street 
International sharia-compliant insurance body launches in the City of  
Why Shariah scholars are key to Islamic banking growth 
Sukuk industry: SABIC’s pioneering role in spotlight 
Hong Kong Sharia finance goals elusive as second sukuk readied 
Innovations in Islamic Finance 2015: Balancing innovation and integrit 
ICD signs major deal in China 
China's ICBC eyes Islamic finance in tie-up with IDB 
US Treasury Yields On A Bumpy Ride To The Bottom 
Is The Trend Always Our Friend? 
The Best in Late-Night Music: Week of May 4: Summer is coming. This week’s late-night music was filled with ra... 
Bobbi Kristina's Father Bobby Brown &amp; Aunt Pat Houston Named Co-Guardians: Bobby Brown and Pat Houston have be... 
Business Briefing: Iowa Says 4 Million More Chickens Have Bird Flu: Officials are waiting for preliminary test... 



Big Sugar Order Gives Prices a Jolt: One company’s purchase of an unusually large amount of sugar is sending t... 
Here's why Uber may pay more than $3 billion for Nokia's maps: Read full story for latest details. 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 

Visa in talks to buy former European unit: Deal could be worth as much as $20bn but gap over price is wide 
Some Leaders Acting Well In Tough Market Environment: Even though the market cut losses and finished narrowly ... 
Gadget Lab Podcast: You’re a Great Photographer. Congrats!: Flickr is staging a comeback by making it easier f... 


Tribune Media Q1: Looking ahead to baseball impact:  
SunEdison settles polysilicon dispute for $86M; TerraForm files to sell stock:  
GE wins $2B deal for engines for Taiwan, others:  

Pisani: Strong rally, but short of breaking out: Stocks pop on data 
Rise Of The Drones: A Legal Perspective: Innovation in drone technology is a positive sign for the commercial ... 
Mourinho: Messi a difference-maker: With Lionel Messi on the verge of appearing in his fourth Champions League... 
Rewinding the Charts: In 1993, Aerosmith Rocked Its First No. 1 Album: TWENTY YEARS AFTER AEROSMITH released i... 
Closer to Free: A Chat With The BoDeans:  
United Airlines sees second-quarter fuel costs higher than expected: (Reuters) - United Continental Holdings I... 
From a buyers' to sellers' market in 24 hours as a wave of luxury London homes complete: From gazundering to g... 
Conservatives' election win met with relief by the City: After lifting of fears that Labour would impose mansi... 
Best and Worst Singles of the Week: From Britney Spears and Iggy Azalea to Disclosure: Disclosure"Bang That"Is... 
Louis van Gaal yet to convert Man United possession into points: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advoca... 
TSG Explores Sale of Stake in Stumptown Coffee: TSG Consumer Partners LLC is working with financial advisers o... 
Is the Fed hurting the US economy? - BAML: FXStreet (Guatemala) - Analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch ex... 
He touched my breast. Is that harassment?: Is touching the side of a woman's breast sexual harassment? 
'A Cry For Growth': U.K. ETFs Spike On Cameron Win: Exchange traded funds tracking U.K. equities surged a day ... 
Addiction Care Provider AAC Eyes National Brand: You get the feeling Michael Cartwright has spent a lot of tim... 
Blind Mom's 3-D 'Viewing' Of Unborn Son Goes Viral: A Brazilian "Huggies" ad has many folks sniffing and grabb... 
IMF Technical Assistance Moves to Strengthen the Capacity of Officials in South East Asia on Macro-Financial L... 
E.W. Scripps, now TV-only, grows TV revenues:  
Stratus Properties reports Q1 results:  
Mylan chairman says he would consider buying Teva:  
U.S. Urges Openness From Hedge Funds, an Industry Not Used to Sharing: A Justice Department official asked for... 
Idol Illustrated with Tyanna Jones: Idol Illustrated with Tyanna Jones Tyanna Jones went home in fifth place l... 
A West Coast shipping rate hike? Really?: After months-long disruptions, the shipping lines serving the West C... 
Will FitBit flop as smartwatches takeover?: The activity tracker may struggle to keep up its growth as smartwa... 
S.C. Cop Shoots Homeowner Who Called for Help: A deputy sheriff in Charleston County, South Carolina, shot a h... 
College Success Starts In 8th Grade Math Class: Math matters. If a child goes up to eighth grade math, it's mo... 
Allegri has instilled Champions League confidence at Juventus: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri was pleas... 
Tech N9ne Set for His Fourth Top 10 Album on Billboard 200 Chart: Rapper Tech N9ne is set to collect his fourt... 
Solid Jobs Report Propels the Market to a Solid Gain: Stocks jumped after a report that showed employers were ... 
US stocks jump on strong jobs data: US stocks end sharply higher on Friday, after the latest figures from the ... 
Report: Visa in Talks to Buy Former Subsidiary Visa Europe for up to $20 Billion: Visa is in preliminary talks... 
How the Dow Jones industrial average and other major indexes fared on Friday: The U.S. stock market had its be... 
Ralph Lauren closes Milan flagship store and experiments new concept: Ralph Lauren has chosen Milan to experim... 
Sergio Marchionne, nel 2014 ha guadagnato 187 milioni di euro. Lordi: Circa 187 milioni di euro lordi. Tanto h... 
Hozier on His Billboard Music Award Jitters: 'I'll Be Inquiring About Soilage Fees': Hozier photographed on Ma... 
Scots tax powers stoke business alarm: Standard Life directors are preparing to issue a coded warning on fisca... 
‘Chi recupera vince’, con il Giro parte il concorso che mette in palio la Ricicletta /Video: In occasione del ... 
Obama at Nike headquarters: why push trade deal at an outsourcing giant?: Opponents of Trans-Pacific Partnersh... 
Weekly Market Wrap: May 8, 2015: The eighteenth full trading week of 2015 comes to a close with the Dow Jones,... 
Jury Rules for Deloitte Over Insurance-Company Failures: A Florida jury ruled that Deloitte &amp; Touche isn't lia... 

US stocks advance after nonfarm payrolls, end the week higher: FXStreet (Córdoba) - US stocks rose sharply on ... 
NYCSoccerWarz: What should the RBNY vs. NYCFC derby matchup be called? | SIDELINE 
BP wins right to appeal Gulf spill damages claims: (Reuters) - BP Plc deserves the right to have a federal app... 
PSG six points clear behind Cavani hat-trick, Ibrahimovic brace: Paris St. Germain took a giant leap towards r... 
Pao Asks Court to Dismiss Kleiner’s $1M Reimbursement Claim: Ellen Pao today filed a claim moving to strike th... 
La sentenza della Corte Costituzionale sulle pensioni: 
      Sommario: 

                   ... 
Google adds food-ordering feature to mobile search: Google on Friday added a feature that lets people in the U... 
Cops Launch Murder Probe After Near-Death Skydive: A man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in Neth... 
PRIVACY INVASION: Defining the Terms of Engagement: More fallout this week from the Edward Snowden leaks two y... 
Stocks Rise, But Volume Disappoints; Skechers At New High: Stocks finished sharply higher Friday on the back o... 
Equity One declares $0.22 dividend:  
Axis Capital Holdings declares $0.29 dividend:  
Cheniere Energy declares $0.02 dividend:  
7 Ways to Make Your Office a Sanctuary 
7 Ways to Make Your Office a Sanctuary 
Visa Negotiating To Buy Visa Europe For $20 Billion: Visa (V) is in talks to buy its one-time subsidiary Visa ... 
Greek reform not going fast enough: Moscovici: Greece's economic reform is not going fast or far enough, EU's ... 
Evidence Shows Investors Should Benefit from Lease Obligations Capitalization: Findings in a recently publishe... 
Moose on the Loose in Canadian Shopping Center: A moose strolls through a parking lot in Newfoundland before r... 
Fast-food chain Bojangles spikes in market debut: Shares of Bojangles rose as much as 47 pct. in its debut, va... 
Jury clears HBO of libel in India child labor story: Mitre sought tens of millions of dollars for damages it s... 
Dow can still hit 20,000 in 2015: Expert: Portfolio manager Gene Peroni explains why he thinks the Dow can hit... 
Whole Foods' Other Problem:   Whole Foods Market, Inc. is a fast growing natural and organic foods retailer, r... 
Prem: European, relegation battles continue: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advocaat as they face Ever... 
Bonus bebè, al via le domande: 80 euro al mese per tre anni. Fondo permettendo: Con un ritardo di 15 giorni, l... 
Obama Accuses Democrats of Distorting Facts on Trans-Pacific Trade Pact: The president, battling for passage o... 
Friday Food Post: Toddlers and Other Challenges: Quick and simple cooking? I recommend you cheat. 
Big Machine's Scott Borchetta on 'American Idol' Finale, Giving Nashville the Middle Finger, Failure: At a fre... 
Ascolti 7/5: “Il Segreto” batte anche la replica di “Montalbano”: La soap opera di Canale 5 al 17,98% di share... 
Man Group misses out on election euphoria: Man Group's latest trading report fails to enthuase investors as hi... 
Friday Sector Laggards: Utilities, Consumer Products: The worst performing sector as of midday Friday is the U... 
5 Things to Watch on the Economic Calendar: Economy-watchers breathed a sigh of relief after seeing the April ... 
New Kids on the Block's Joey McIntyre on His '90s Fashion Hits and Misses: L to R: Jonathan Knight, Jordan Kni... 
GBP/CAD: Headed to 2.0000? - TDS: FXStreet (Guatemala) - Analysts at TD Securities explained the trading condi... 
Visa to buy former subsidiary Visa Europe for up to $20 billion: Bloomberg: (Reuters) - Visa Inc is in prelimi... 
Tech Time Warp of the Week: Douglas Adams Glimpsed Tech’s Future in This 1990 BBC Film: In 1990, with a quirky... 

Construction job boom fueled April employment gains, while manufacturing stalled: Construction and manufacturi... 
Puerto Rico braces for austere budget amid warnings of a financial shortfall: Puerto Rico's governor says he w... 
Empoli, senegalese ruba in bar e scappa scalzo. Polizia gli compra scarpe e calzini - Il Fatto... 
Transfer Watch: Could Kevin-Prince Boateng be on his way to New York Red Bulls? 
My Morning Jacket Delivers Transcendent 'Waterfall' Performance in Los Angeles: Live Review: Thursday night co... 
Tech Time Warp of the Week: Douglas Adams Glimpsed Tech’s Future in This 1990 BBC Film: In 1990, with a quirky... 
Morocco: Selected Issues Paper: Country Report No. 15/106 
Judge to Declare Mistrial in Etan Patz Case: The jury said for the third time they are deadlocked in the trial... 
Street Scene: The Insurance That Poses a Hidden Threat: “Reps and warranties insurance” for mergers and acquis... 
Time Travel in a Champagne Bottle (Wine Spectator): Researchers examining 170-year-old bubbly from a shipwreck... 
The Complete A-Z Guide to Tiles: No home renovator wants to get stuck with a lousy tile decision, but that doe... 
A Long-Term View on Latin America: Infrastructure Investment and Institutional Reform: Armando Senra, BlackRoc... 
Three worries for post-election pound enthusiasts 
Starbucks to stop sourcing Ethos Water in CA: Starbucks will stop sourcing Ethos Water in California amidst dr... 
Top 5 stocks of the week and how to trade them: CNBC Pro highlights the top-performing stocks this week and an... 
Why Chicago is not 'the next Detroit': The city of the broad shoulders is facing its own financial problems, b... 
Wine Destinations: Hotel Les Avisés, Champagne, France: Located in Avize, in the heart of the Côte des Blancs,... 
Review - 'Welcome To Me' Shows Humor, Heartbreak In Mental Health Struggle: Films about mental health are alre... 
Bookies and Pollsters Both Failed to Call the U.K. Election 
Amy Winehouse Documentary Releases First Official Clip: Watch: Amy, the embattled Amy Winehouse documentary se... 
Visa Said in Talks to Buy Visa Europe for Up to $20 Billion 
Indexes Power Higher; Paycom, Tableau Clear Buy Points: Stocks opened solidly higher Friday and held gains in ... 
Prada opens new store in Salzburg, Austria: Prada has recently opened a new store in Salzburg at Alter Markt, ... 
Lufthansa, la Merkel e quel buco da 10,2 miliardi nel fondo pensioni: L’effetto tassi ha fatto una prima vitti... 
Police investigate fraudulent vote allegations in Glasgow 
Swiss Insecticide Maker Rejects Takeover Offer From Monsanto: Syngenta said that it had rejected the unsolicit... 
Pollsters Are Worse Than Ever: Tech shifts have warped surveys. Lucky for David Cameron. 
Exclusive: Kenny Rogers Shares a Poem for His Late Mom Lucille Before Mother's Day: Over the course of his nea... 

XE Market Analysis: Asia - May 08, 2015: Forums: XE Market AnalysisAfter some choppy price action in the after... 

"GLI ALIENI ESISTONO E QUESTE SONO LE FOTO CHE LO DOCUMENTANO" 
pensioni, il governo progetta di restituire solo 4 miliardi su 19. ma tutto dopo le regionali 
Smorgasburg Is Expanding To Queens 
Il Comune di Roma mette il bavaglio agli insegnanti: "No interviste ai giornalisti" - Il Fatto... 
'Golden age' of UK children's books bucks falling sales and print runs: Sales of children’s literature across ... 
No Sleep Till Activism: Hedge Fund H Partners Wins Mattress Company Fight: Hedge fund H Partners scored a vict... 
N.Y. Fed Chief Earns Himself A Bronx Cheer For Confessing Red Sox Love: When was the last time a Federal Reser... 

Gold fails to clinch $1,200: FXStreet (Edinburgh) - The troy ounce of the precious metal is recovering some of... 
Transfer Watch: Italian star Andrea Pirlo says MLS "could be an idea" for his post-Juventus future 
Bill Emmott: «Rischiamo l’uscita dall’Ue, ma il primo problema è la Scozia» 
Napoli Strit Food Festival. Il cibo di strada partenopeo protagonista sul Lungomare Caracciolo -... 
Credit Is Slowing GDP Growth 
You Can Now Visit A Chanel Museum in NYC 
16 examples of LeBron James' incredible work ethic 

Uniqlo's Next Collab Is With THIS Former Hermès Designer 
Camptease: You’ll have July 1 in your diaries already. If not, book now. Places are limited.
The speaker list ... 


Thirsty Guide to Chilean Red Wine | Wine Folly 
Google Courts the World’s Teachers With Huge Web Conference: Google wants schools to use its products, but mor... 
Americans Not In The Labor Force Rise To Record 93,194,000 
The April jobs report: Is that all there is to this economic recovery? 
Job report gives Fed green light to move in September 
‘The Economist’ Anti-Gold Article – Case Study in Disinformation 
Bursting Bund Bubble: 2 Charts And Some Lessons From History 
El-Erian: “Income Inequality is Horrific”  
6 charts that show why traders can’t figure this market out 
As Obama Visits Portland, Trade Deal Divides Community: President Obama talks about the Trans-Pacific Partners... 
How Much Nike Could Gain With A Pacific Trade Deal: As President Obama visits Nike (NKE) headquarters Friday t... 
Commercial real estate firm Jones Lang LaSalle adding 115 jobs to make Pittsburgh 'hub': Commercial real estat... 
Heta ordered to pay €2.3bn to BayernLB: German lender bought a majority stake in Hypo in 2007 
Google Courts the World’s Teachers With Huge Web Conference: Google wants schools to use its products, but mor... 
Happy Mother's Day! Check Out the 10 Most Shazam'd Mama-Themed Songs: Shazam just got a whole lot more adorabl... 
Barbados: IMF Concludes 2015 Article IV Visit:  
Tempur Sealy shareholders reject 3 board nominees:  
Rubicon -7.7%; Q2 guidance overshadows Q1 beat:  
Ford to demand U.S. dollars for cars in Venezuela:  
Broadcast still best bet for advertising: CBS CEO: CBS chief Les Moonves says broadcast TV remains the best be... 
Breakingviews: Pressure on Sygenta From Monsanto Offer: Syngenta rejected the offer as too cheap and too risky... 
Starbucks to shift Ethos bottled water out of California due to drought: Starbucks said it will stop producing... 
Amazon grocery delivery expanding to this state: Amazon is expanding its grocery delivery service in Northern ... 
Tempur Sealy shareholders to remove CEO from board: Tempur Sealy International's shareholders voted to remove ... 
Company treats workers to 4-day France trip: Report: Tiens Group is treating more than half of its workers to ... 
You Can’t Move Up If You’re Stuck in Your Boss’s Shadow: 
Having a good boss — someone who stands up for you, ... 
Jose Mourinho could field a young Chelsea side in Gerrard farewell: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho credits Stev... 
Thomas Dimitroff: Julio Jones extension is focus for Falcons: PFT Live: Mike Florio is joined by Falcons GM Th... 
Four Killed After Small Plane Crashes on Atlanta Highway: A Piper PA-32 crashed on an Atlanta interstate on Fr... 
F1, GP di Spagna 2015: il venerdì a Barcellona: The post F1, GP di Spagna 2015: il venerdì a Barcellona appear... 
Stocks Surge On Jobs Data; Regeneron Approaches Buy Point: Stocks held solid gains in early afternoon trading ... 
Bush, Rubio and Walker Run in Place: None has gained any real ground all year, but none has been damaged, either. 
How Much Cash Did Grooveshark Burn Through in Legal Fees?: Some digital startups turn entrepreneurs and their ... 
City of London celebrates Labour’s defeat: Relief at Conservative victory but fears loom over EU referendum 
Ricerca: arrivano modelli di ossa e organi in 3D, chirurghi possono ‘allenarsi’: The post Ricerca: arrivano mo... 
General Election 2015: Freed from the shackles of coalition, now David Cameron must be bold on growth: The Con... 
Friday's ETF with Unusual Volume: HAP: The Natural Resources ETF (HAP) is seeing unusually high volume in afte... 
'It's Gone': Snowpack Crucial for West's Water Melts Early: The snowpack that is crucial for the western U.S. ... 
Weekend reading: This is a weekly post we publish on Fridays with links to articles we think anyone interested... 
Peruvian peso remains bearish – BAML: FXStreet (Edinburgh) - The outlook for the Peruvian currency remains on ... 
The High Share of Part-Time Workers Helps Explain Weak Wage Growth: One possible explanation for stalled growt... 
Can Moyes do it again against Barcelona?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Tommy Smyth preview Real Sociedad's c... 
Jobs Vie With Growth for Fed's Attention: Jobs and economic growth aren’t traveling the same route. That makes... 
The US government’s not-so-secret plan to break up the banks?: Bernie Sanders, US Senator and presidential can... 
Berkshire Hathaway 2015 AGM – Pender’s Key Take-Away Thoughts: Berkshire Hathaway 2015 AGM – Pender’s Key Take... 
Colorado BBQ Joint Planning a 'White Appreciation Day': A Colorado barbecue joint is cooking up a slew of cont... 
Dow surges 250+ points after good jobs report: Stock markets around the world are in high-five mode. 
EDM Godfather Giorgio Moroder Raves About Recording With Britney Spears: 'She Sounds So Good': Giorgio Moroder... 
Manga in digitale, la rivoluzione è cominciata: 
Sempre più fumetti giapponesi sbarcano su smartphone. Gratis... 
Press Release: Statement by the European Commission, the ECB and the IMF on Cyprus:  
NorthStar Asset +4.5%; just getting started, says management:  
Liberty Interactive off 2.3% after Q1 earnings:  
Ebix +13.5% after Q1 beat; RCS and Exchange sales stand out:  
Investors Choose Bojangles’ Over Shake Shack: Bojangles’ enjoyed a strong market debut on Friday while shares ... 
Teller Shares His Favorite Gadgets---Some of Them Magical: The silent member of the magic duo Penn &amp; Teller, w... 
Illinois justices: Pension overhaul lowering retirement benefits violates state constitution: The Illinois Sup... 
Restaurant to give 'White Appreciation' discount: Next month, one Colorado barbecue joint will be running a pr... 
What's the most popular 11th-hour Mother's Day gift?: Online flower purchases for Mother's Day spike at the la... 
American Apparel ex-CEO Charney sues investor for defamation: (Reuters) - Dov Charney, the ousted chief execut... 
University of Burgundy launches free online wine course: The University of Burgundy in Dijon is set to launch ... 
Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase Agree to Erase Debts From Credit Reports After Bankruptcies: The two banks ... 
Yeah ............ That'd Be Great: "Bill Lumbergh" will continue to terrorize the office via my tweets at @DEA... 
Rca: Polstrada intensifica i controlli con il Targa System: Evadere l’Rca? Sempre più difficile. Il nuovo Targ... 
'Bull's-Eye': Plains States Brace for More Furious Storms: On Friday, 16 million people are expected to be at ... 
Wall St. Gains After Solid Jobs Report: Overseas markets were also higher after elections in Britain clarified... 
Wiz Khalifa &amp; Charlie Puth on Channeling Paul Walker for 'See You Again' and Weed-Inspired Music: Just a few m... 
Two ways WWII’s legacy still links Europe to the Middle East 
AGCO looks to bridge the mechanisation gap in African farming 
Cosa temono i mercati dopo la vittoria di David Cameron: Le Borse festeggiano la "continuità" che è "stabilità... 
Italian bank chiefs can now be sacked by the country's central bank: Heads of domestic lenders can be fired wh... 
Microsoft Popular Amongst Latest 13F Filers: At Holdings Channel, we have reviewed the latest batch of the 28 ... 
Social Security May Be in Worse Shape Than We Thought: Will Social Security be insolvent sooner than we think?... 
Sacha Kljestan has returned to MLS a veteran of Europe's bright lights: This week's episode of MLS Insider exp... 
Weak wage growth continues apace: The U.S. economy added 223,000 jobs in April, after downward revisions broug... 
Oil Jobs Fall To the Lowest Level in More Than a Year: Employment in in oil and gas extraction fell by 3,300 t... 
Stocks Hold Strong Gains; Paycom Software Clears Buy Point: Stocks were near session highs at midday Friday af... 
How New Technologies Push Us Toward the Past: 

Reading all the stories and hearing the rumors about Apple’s a... 
Here's How To Wear Your Favorite Summer Prints To Work: Florals, gingham and polka dots aren't exactly what yo... 
Long USD Is Hedge Funds’ Strongest Conviction Trade: Even though hedge funds have backed off their long USD po... 
U.S. Stocks Jump After Jobs Report: U.S. stocks rose Friday after the employment report for April showed an ec... 
Press release  Statement from the European Commission, ECB and IMF on Cyprus:  

Brooklynites Move Back to Manhattan 
VIDEO: Mumbai's 'informal' nighttime economy: As day turns to night in Mumbai, the "informal" economy continue... 
Stoney, England’s mother courage: A veteran of the Three Lionesses who has worn the captain's armband over 100... 
Revealing a dead man's story through his bones: Little is known about the Royal Naval Hospital's cemetery in A... 
Watch Lana Del Rey Channel Jessica Rabbit During Tour Opener: Considering her red hair, honeyed voice and long... 
McDonald's Backs 'Modern' Push As April Comps  Drop: McDonald's (MCD) April same-store sales fell less than ex... 
So, the NSA Has an Actual Skynet Program: We've suspected it all along---that the Skynet from the Terminator m... 
Oil Prices Wobble in April Jobs Report Wake: Oil prices gave up their gains Friday as concerns about the globa... 
Wall St. extends gains after strong jobs data: (Reuters) - Wall Street extended its gains in late morning trad... 
First Read: What We Learned About 2016 This Week: First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the... 
Russia-Italia, la stagione del grande gelo: 
La crisi in Crimea ha creato perdite per 5 mld. Allarme dogane: i... 
Appeals court throws out FCC's order to reveal contracts:  
Ad Comm approaches for alternative development and licensure paths for Ebola vaccine candidates:  
Silver Spring up 18.5% on Q1 beat, strong sales guidance:  
Unearthing performance gains to boost bank value: Many performance improvements can raise bank valuations. The... 
Jobs report just put Fed in a bad spot: The 223k jobs created in April was weaker than the 2014 average. And t... 
Can Adults Ride a Scooter With Dignity?: The dork factor may be undeniable, but riding a scooter can be a kick... 
Weekend Reads for Global Investors: Investment Gurus Debate the Markets: Alas, it seems global stock markets h... 
Best metro areas to work for a small business: A study by WalletHub ranked 100 metro areas by how friendly the... 
Haven't done this yet? Do it before Fed rate hike: Are you ready for a Federal Reserve rate hike? The smartest... 
Jobs 'porridge' still too cool: Economist: Despite strong job creation data for April, wage numbers are still ... 
Jobs 'porridge' still too cool: Economist: Despite strong job creation data for April, wage numbers are still ... 
Inflation Pressure Not Over In Brazil: Weak economy, higher expenses. Brazilians can't cut a break as inflatio... 
Banks and the election: situation normal: The EU referendum elephant can easily crush any UK bank bull 
Jose Mourinho wanted Steven Gerrard at Real Madrid and Inter Milan: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho has said he tried ... 
Paul Krugman: Triumph of the Unthinking:  Why do bad economic ideas resonate with voters?:
 Triumph of the Unt... 
Stream Faith No More on Yahoo Live: Tonight, 6:15 p.m. PT:  
Piano Juncker, che fa l’Italia?: Anche in Parlamento si inizia a parlare del Piano Juncker, a cui For... 
Strategies for Crowdsourcing Your Job Search: 
Careers are very personal things. Most people choose their path... 
Attorney General Opens Investigation of Baltimore Cops: The mayor of Baltimore had asked for the investigation... 
Friday assorted links: 1. What if Harvard designed a barbecue smoker?
2. Emotion-detecting eyeglasses?
3. Some... 
U.S. Urges Greece to Reject Russian Energy Project: The State Department hopes to convince Athens to choose a ... 
Toyota Panders to Grandma: The last thing the company wants is investor activism. 
Executive Turntable: Moves at Capitol, Facebook, the Recording Academy &amp; More: A list of moves and shakes acro... 
Stocks: A Soft Jump On Jobs Data; WhiteWave, Boeing, NXP Climb: Stocks bolted higher in quiet trade Friday aft... 
OMG: 2.1 million people still use AOL dial-up: It sounds crazy, but 2.1 million people in the United States st... 
Widening UK trade deficit highlights challenge for next government: Net trade was a drag on growth in the firs... 
Banks and the election: situation normal: The EU referendum elephant can easily crush any UK bank bull 
100 anni fa la fine del “Lusitania”, vittima della Grande Guerra: Il transatlantico in rotta tra New York e Li... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: The ESPN FC crew debate which league can be... 
Bojangles Sizzles As Investors Gobble Up Stock In IPO: Bojangles, a fast food chain known for its chicken and ... 
Hiring Rebounds in April After Long, Cold Winter: The job market bounced back in April as the economy thawed o... 
Monsoon to close stores and cut costs as profits slip: Fashion retailer and owner of Accessorize chain says pr... 
This Time It's Different for Investors? No---and Yes: The lessons to be learned from ‘the four most dangerous ... 
The Lollapalooza Effect: How David Swensen Has Changed The Style Of Investing: Valuations are quite high and c... 
