If you want to know what multi-tasking really means - just take a closer look at mothers and watch how they do it.
Comedian Milton Berle said something funny: “If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?” :)
Had a great time with the LBC family this morning. 
Pinky Reads Pinoy Books - a group of wonderful readers promoting Filipino books and authors.… 
DK is a book reader and he made me sign 13 of my books he has in his collection. Thank you DK. You… 
Greed will get you what you want but will rob you of what you already have. (anon)
then life will never offer enough resources to satisfy his or her greed.#StandOut2015
But when there is shrewdness, cunning, guile and deception as the norm of how one lives and does business, ......
When we work hard and stick to doing what is right, then life offers enough resources to meet our needs.
What a great time I had with the wonderful people of SSS in their Family Day celebration. 
That call you need to make. The letter you need to write. The love you need to express. Get started. #StandOut2015
The secret to getting ahead is getting started. That book you need to read. That exercise you need to do............
Today I salute all the mothers who have to build their homes while building their career. 
Happy Mother's Day!(advanced greet)!
Gave a parenting talk to the hard working mothers of Nutriasia. Happy Mother's Day to everyone. 
And small minds could not handle healthy arguments. They always get personal; attack persons and not ideas.#StandOut2015
Eleanor Roosevelt says: "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people."
Had a great time with the partners of Jollibee Foundation. Such wonderful people from all over the… 
Sometimes all we need is a sentence with an economy of words that drill into our being and transform us to become better. #StandOut2015
Best lesson I learned in comes from Jim Rohn who says” "Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.”
This is why we need to pursue excellence. Increase our market value. And then we can increase our price.
Be outstanding! Markets are rarely wrong.Markets do not lie. The market is not willing to pay us beyond what we can offer in terms of value.
I have been asked to submit my views on the meaning of life. Here is my contribution. 

We do more and we do better if we choose to be happy and optimistic and it brings us more success than pessimism and negativity ever would.
As we go back to work we need to remember: Happiness is a choice. Attitude is a decision.
He has won the hearts of people all over the world. 
that in my book is the real definition of a "Champ!"
Our hero Manny is both an ambassador of goodwill and an ambassador of the Good News. Even before the fight he has already won.
You are unique and beautiful and you are a "one-of-a-kind" creation of God. Improve everyday!
Never allow others to demean you and make you believe you are worthless.
Bette Reeves said: "If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito."
We need wisdom and discernment to sort out the real people from the artificial ones.
Neither is someone who calls you”brother” or “sister” really is when he or she uses you for personal advantage.
Family is not just blood relatives but those who love you unconditionally.
What a true blessing this young girl has brought me. Thank you Joanne for inspiring me! 
Joanne is a talented12 year old girl from Lucena City who loves to read. She is so sweet and made a way to meet me in Cabuyao the other day.
"To borrow is to invite a sorrow; to loan is to invite a groan."(anon)
And one more thing, money borrowed is an obligation, not ownership.
Do not get into the habit of borrowing money. When it comes to money matters, it is of primary importance to pay off the debts first.
But you need to remember that when you are with your family you have to be 100% present as well.
I know off certain people who will never miss a single day of work and that's a good thing.
The Philippines is blessed with many capable and competent leaders. Jocy is the first female… 
When the staff is happy they will treat their guests well. This is a bunch of very happy people in… 
Presenting the wonderful staff and leadership of Marco Polo Hotel in Davao. I have Been a regular… 
These gentlemen are responsible for making food delicious in Cafe Marco. @ Cafe Marco, Marco Polo Davao 
Excited to speak to the leaders of Jaycees this afternoon at Marco Polo Hotel Davao.}
@tjmanotoc @franciskong @ANCALERTS @iamkarendavila
How a person reacts (or responds) during pressure is the real person we rarely see on the outside when things are smooth and easy.
What comes out is what is from the inside.” How true this is. 
Crises do not make a man, it simply reveals the stuff he (or she) is made of.
Somebody says that "Life is like toothpaste. When the person is squeezed, the real person comes out.
The hard working HR team of Nestle Cabuyao. @ Nestle Cabuyao Plant 
A delightful afternoon with friends from Nestle Cabuyao. 
Happy people are people who are productive and are good stewards of time.
Happiness is always a by-product of living the godly life, serving others and helping those who are in need.
One important thing we all need to learn in life is that arranging our lives around money will not make us happy.
It's not doing 100% better in any one thing, It means striving to gain 1% better in 100 things.
Be careful with the details.
I could not remember who said this but it certainly delivers a very strong point.
Excellence is always better than adequacy.
Had a great time this morning with the PLDT student campers. Something I look forward to doing every… 
And here is a little reminder as we go back to work tomorrow.
I love this quote. 
Good place to learn more about money. 
but blessed is the young person who would know this early in life and say: “teach me to number my days that I may gain a heart of wisdom."
You and I are not meant to stay in this planet forever. As a person grows older, this truth should ring out louder....
C.S. Lewis:“If I find myself desires w/c nothing this world can satisfy,the only logical explanation is that I was made for another world."
I had a wonderful time tonight with the more than 2,000 dynamic people of SBO at MOA arena. 
I had a wonderful time tonight with the more than 2,000 dynamic people of SBO at MOA arena. @ MOA Arena 
subtract anger &amp; hatred, multiply friends,let go of what displeases God &amp; divide love for everyone to share. That's the mathematics of LIFE!
This is a nice material a friend sent me some time ago. 
For life to be MEANINGFUL, add big &amp; small sacrifices,
Did a leadership talk for the leaders of Amway last night at Shangrila Mactan and did another talk… 
When a person becomes bitter over someone's else's victory then envy closes the door of opportunity and it is not a good thing.
Learn to celebrate other people's success.
It has been said that every time you turn green with envy you are ripe for trouble.
3 crazy creative guys (Chinkee, Bryan and myself) cooking up something big for this year. Great ideas… 
Off to Cebu Tomorrow to speak to a set of sales winners &amp; then fly back the next day to do a half day training.Love being busy &amp; productive.
3. The people who put you in difficult times. :)
Carry no grudge but learn from the experience.
1. The people who helped you when you were in difficult times.
2. The people who left you when you were in difficult times.
It has been said correctly that there are 3 different kinds of people you should not forget.......
My new found friends from Japan I met in  Rotary. Always good to meet and make new friends. @ Fontana… 
With the Ilocana in a nice, cool and cute coffee place along Edsa. @ EDSA Beverage Design Group 
Be careful who or what kind of people you hang around with. Be in the company of encouraging people and be an encourager yourself.
Hang around with encouraging people and you become positive. Hang around with negative people and you become negative.
Here is a thought I hope you find useful as you start a new work week. Do not grumble.
That one day they will meet their life partners that share the same values. For that will be the making of a successful family.
My prayer for myself and my kids constantly is that they will know Christ better and love Him deeper.
Had a great time with the Rotarians this afternoon at Fontana.
Offer your services and you increase your opportunities to shine and succeed.
The one quality that business owners or good leaders are looking for their people is INITIATIVE. Do not wait to be told what to do.
"It has been said that people who do things without being told draw the most wages." Says Edwin H. Stuart.
Congratulations to The Philippine Stat for an Anvil Award for Futurecasting. 
Attending the 50th Anvil awards tonight. 
With this in mind make sure you do not waste this new day.
It is a an other opportunity to make things right, and heal old wounds. Refresh friendships and correct mistakes.
Be positive. Think positive and live positive. A new day is always a promise of the best things to come.
Spent one whole day with the beautiful people of Fly Ace with the brand new presentation of the… 
Some people take a long time to decide. And when decision is made finds the situation has worsened.
I would rather make a decision fast even when wrong but have the chance to correct and make adjustments.
Somebody says: “I used to be indecisive and now I am not sure" smile emoticon
Indecisiveness is not a good thing specially in business.
Hard working staff of Green Leaf Hotel in General Santos City. @ Green Leaf Hotel General Santos City 
I rarely get a chance to have seafood but I kid you not when I tell you that Guateau's Crab Hauz in… 
I have met people who always consider themselves better than anybody else but the public always sees the real picture.
This gives you the right attitude to learn from others.
The basic foundation to becoming a life-long learner is this: to "always consider others better than yourself."
If not then time is wasted and time is redeemable.
If not then why not drop it?
We need to invest time only on the activities that would add value to our success goals.
We need to ask ourselves this question: Is what I am doing today bringing me any closer to what I want and where I want to be tomorrow?
The joy of sharing ideas still keeps me excited."As you go back to work, let it not be torture but  an adventure of learning &amp; contribution.
God has given me the grace maintain excitement and enthusiasm after so many years of training and speaking.
but it is the person who has it for 30 years who makes a success of his life.
Anatole France says: "One person has enthusiasm for 30 minutes, another for 30 days,
Excited to be with the lovely folks of General Santos City on Tuesday. 
Suffering is universal. No one gets away with it. Misery is optional. Choose joy instead and trust the Source.
With God’s Presence we can all experience joy even in the midst of hardships. For after all, He is still in control.
Dallas Willard has says joy is a pervasive sense of wellbeing even in the midst of trouble.
Great definition.
Had a great time with kids and friends in our family vacation. Keeps us young and energetic. Youth is… 
(answering all emails, doing FB, browsing over celebrities Instagram) and lose track of doing things that would add lead to my success goals
If I do not have clear set goals then I will be spending time doing the trivial like.....
There are essential things we need to do and then there are trivial things that rob us of time.
Time is precious and we need to have the skills and knowledge to manage it correctly.
Good and goldy parents raise up good and godly children who will contribute to making this nation and this world better.
"Isn't it wonderful that no one need to wait to improve  the world." says Anne Franks. 
And it all starts within the home.
Warm sunny summer smiles at Pico de Loro. 
But there is something greater you can do. Mentor someone too.
You and I today are the products of someone’s influence and mentoring. Take time to tell your mentor(s) "Thank you."
hannahkong's photo 
My little girls are not little anymore. Time off from speaking and training and Trade Off time to be… 
And she did. She never forget that experience now that she's an adult.
I told her, "Listen sweetheart, just because you failed does not mean I love you less." I know you will try harder and you will be better."
I remember one of my kids bringing home a failing grade and was crying.
"The only consolation I can find in these awful grades," lamented the father, "is that I know he never cheated during his exams." :)
Here's a funny story: The parents were very disappointed in the grades that their son brought home.
It will only prolong the argument specially when I deal with people who insist that they are right all the time.
One thing I have learned in life is that some times it is better not to have the last word even when I know I am right.
You learn and win when you find ways. You lose when you become good at excuses.
When people really want to have things done they will always find a way. If not they will always find an excuse.
Father and son doing fashion bonding. 
The Ilocana's birthday celebration today at Your Local. Great food. @ Your Local 
Find the rhythm so you can flow back to efficient work for effective results. Remember you have just been recharged. Don't waste the rest.
Do not rush through things because your head will ache. Take things one step at a time.
Now that you have had a few days of rest; as you go to back work , BREAK IN SLOWLY!
The 3 most important words of declaration that brings hope to the world: "He is Risen!" A Blessed Resurrection Sunday to all of you!
On the issue of the Resurrection the author of the classic novel:"Crime &amp; Punishment" Fyodor Dostoyevsky says: “Life [had] replaced logic.”
*He was buried in a tomb, yet He lives today.
There’s just no one in the world like Jesus.
*He won no military battle, yet He conquered the world.
*He committed no crime, yet they crucified Him.
*Had no degree, yet they called Him Teacher.
*Had no medicines, yet they called Him Healer.
*He had no army, yet kings feared Him.
Got this material a long time ago but will never forget it.
THE GREATEST MAN IN HISTORY:
*Jesus had no Servants, yet they called Him Master.
It is hard to be distracted by the world when we are attracted by Christ.
If God occupies first place in our life, then we do not have to worry about who has the other places.
God gives and forgives. Men (and women) gets and forgets.
This is how the person is humbled as well as strengthened. This is how a person becomes usable.
I have heard someone said: "God cannot use a person deeply until He has allowed the same person to be hurt deeply."
Interview with Karen Davila this morning on work and spirituality at Headstart. 
Interview with Katen Davila going on right now. Headstart
Think sleep recovery and be recharged and ready for next week's work and demands.
I travel all the time and jet lag always pulls down the quality of my performance output. Don't think outings or vacation this week.
How far do you really think you can go without adequate sleep?
then others will choose for us and it is always not at and for our best interest.
Not choosing is even a choice itself. If we do not choose how we ought to live life correctly....
Each and everyday of our lives, we are presented with many options. There is power in the ability to choose correctly.
t seems like people who have gone through the worst appreciate life the best and their trust in God never wavered.
but what amazed me most is the quality of joy and happiness they displayed when I presented the talk. I
Amazed at the speed and resilience of the residents in recovery and rebuilding of the place.
Did 2 talks yesterday in Tacloban.
the real test of faith is how deep we trust Him when times are dark and difficult.
It's easy to offer loud praises to God when times are good and  going for us but......
Not Just Desserts is a fantastic place in Tacloban. Good food and homey atmosphere. A bright spot for… 
I am a fan of this fine gentleman whom I refer to as a Classic! Music makes him so. 
There is joy in serving and doing good for others. This brings significance and meaning to our lives.
''Never stop doing little things for others. Sometimes, those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts.'' (anon)
Do not master the trick of the trade. Master the trade.
You can be an expert in what you do; you can be a specialist but you need to understand that there is no shortcut getting there.
I don't think God will ever say..."ooops!" (Swindoll)
As long as I know that all things work for the good to those who love and trust in a God who is in full control.
I choose to be happy rather than to be bitter and upset with things I cannot change and circumstances I cannot control.
Happiness is not just an emotion. It is also a decision.
Many of the worthy things in life need a period of patient waiting. Just be faithful with what you do and do it well.
"The ox is slow but the earth is patient." Be friends with time.
Here is a thought I hope would help all of us for the entire work week and ti comes from an old ancient Chinese saying:
I had such a Great time with the women leaders in Cebu courtesy of Globe. And now I look forward to… 
Excited to speak to the lovely women in Cebu City tomorrow morning. And then looking forward to speak in Rotary in Manila in the afternoon.
But research reveals that stress on the job causes stress at home. In other words, they feed off each other." Says Zig Ziglar.
"Many companies have long contended that stress at home causes loss of productivity in the work place...and it does.
Hannah's embroidery education in Paris is paying off today. I can see the passion she has in her… 
Never expected that one day my daughter Hannah Kong would be designing and making gowns. So proud as… 
and all because of mistrust. Trust is still the foundation of teamwork.
But when a person’s ideas are copied by someone in the group in order to advance his or her own interests, ideas will no longer flow...
People's hidden strengths come to the surface in safe, healthy &amp; trusting environments. When trust in not in doubt people would share ideas.
Had a great time with the dealers of Petron this morning. 
"Formal education will make you a living, self education will make you a fortune." says Jim Rohn and I heartily agree. :)
You enter a new chapter of life as you begin pursuing more education (formal and personal)  to prepare for your success and future.
The word "Commencement" is popularly understood as a ceremony in which diplomas / degrees are given. It also means: "A beginning" "A Start."
Congratulations to all the graduating students!
“One of these days" usually become “none of these day.” (anon)
Here is a very short but important reminder. If you want to get ahead, you have to get started.
Had a great two-day learning experience with the wonderful participants of Level up Leadership… 
Discipline is key to success.
Your plans, are they in place? Are you executing it with diligence and discipline? If not then you are far away from being successful.
Here is a wake up call especially to the young:
Stop saying: "I’m trying to be successful. Start saying: I’m training to be successful."
Be kind and gracious but most importantly, be confident you are providing excellent work and that alone speaks the most.
...but you need to remind yourself that this is how you grow and this is how you stretch yourself.
You may not like the people you have to deal with tomorrow as you go back to work....
Le Monet Hotel in Baguio. Nice, clean and excellent service. 
All food consumed! Lunch at our favorite Korean Resto in Baguio called Wood Nymph. @ Woodnymph… 
Great time with the wonderful bank executives this afternoon at Kamana Sanctuary Resorts at Subic. 
With the graduating students of STI this morning doing Moneyversity. 
Sometimes people get what they want and then they realized to their regret that they do not want what they got. Careful what you wish for.
Graduating students attending Moneyrversity this morning. Had a great time answering intelligent… 
This means nothing and is not an apology at all.
It is still the heart motive that is the issue and not just the words that were said.
Do not mess up an apology with an excuse. It nullifies the effort.
"I am sorry....BUT...the reason why I...."
What a productive day yesterday. 400 plus students in the morning and a wonderful group of… 
My baby Rachel has turned 24 today! My how fast time flies. @ The Rockwell Club 
Had a great time this morning speaking on the topic of understanding gender differences at Citibank… 
Friends of old. School mates. @ Century Seafoods 
And while you are busy with this process, the world sees you achieving success. Think about this as you go back to work tomorrow.
Not that you would arrive at success but because you are achieving progress.
You work hard, you study hard you develop your character and you challenge yourself constantly.
David Thoreau that makes a lot of sense:
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it."
Think about this.
the way we treat others, the way we carry ourselves, the depth of our love for others.
the job title we carry, the depth of our bank accounts.
GOD measures SUCCESS by: our ability to forgive, our willingness to give,
Somebody said this and I love it:
Society measures SUCCESS by: the clothes we wear, the car we drive, the house we live in,
Great energy from the hundred plus gorgeous fresh graduates that attended "Fired Up" this morning.… 
As long as you are at peace with God knowing that you have done right,
Let them criticise while you and I sleep soundly.
Have you ever been wrongly accused? Have you ever been criticised unfairly? Let's go deeper. Have you ever been slandered?
Life values talk with the 1,500 students of RTU this afternoon in Mandaluyong gym. Had a great time… 
Know how to increase your income by growing yourself, your, competence, knowledge and most importantly your character
Increase your means by increasing your value, skills and ability to do so.
Here is an idea. Live within your means but don’t stay there. The needs and wants alway change over time.
True happiness is not found in things but are always anchored on healthy relationships. Work on this more than just acquiring stuff.
You cannot buy your way to being happy. There are many things in your closet today that no longer make you happy.
Simplicity is actually elegant. Complexity can cost much. Keep your life simple.
A person can actually be wealthy not only when he or she has more money but when he or she has fewer wants.
Many great men have fallen today because of their insatiable desire for money. Use money and never let it use you.
Jesus says no man can serve two masters; either he or she will serve God or money.
Watch a person’s attitude towards money &amp; you will have a peak into the soul.
If you lend someone money, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it. Money is the acid test of character.
With designer Daughter in her new and expanded design studio. (proud dad) @ Palma Street near Rockwell 
With designer Daughter in her new and expanded design studio. (proud dad) @ Palma Street near Rockwell 
And they do not get the results they want. 
Build your competence and then your confidence increases.
The two are not the same. Many people are good with the first one but are sadly lacking when it comes to quality performance.
Think about this as you go to work tomorrow.
You say you can do it, that's confidence. You did it well, that is competence.
Hope to see you there in March's run. 
If you keep on doing the same thing, you get the same results. This is a business principle, a leadership and life principle as well.
If at first you don't succeed, do not try again. Find out first the reason why. Correct the mistakes and then try again.
Enjoyed speaking with Bryan Kong to more than 1.000 people in a parenting talk at St. Bridget… 
Learning parenting skills is a must in this fast-paced technology driven generation.
Parents who over-protect their kids and under-preparing them for the future.
Had a delightful time speaking to 3,000 people of DepEd Calabarzon this afternoon. Thank you for… 
Price and worth may mean the same thing but when one bows down to money and power, then priceless becomes worthless and it’s a bad thing.
The person’s worth is high and cannot be measured by a price tag.
A person is called “priceless” because he or she cannot be bought by money. Principles trump personal gain.
What a great time I had this afternoon doing a parenting talk in Pilar Bataan. My thanks to Mayor… 
These are two leaders I admire. Both champions in their respective fields. One in sports, the other one in speaking. 
These gentlemen are two leaders I admire. Both champions in their respective fields. One in sports… 
They are not those who want instant gratification.
then you get to appreciate the finer things in life as you go through the process. Successful people are disciplined people.
One of the best lessons to learn is to wait. Timing is everything. But if you can wait and not be brash about things...
When you are constantly late you are saying you don't care. And it's not a good thing.
Some words are said through actions. When you show up early you are saying "You are important to me."
Whole day training on leadership. Enjoyed every moment of it. @ SMX Convention Center 
filter your mistakes and get a taste of happiness. 
It's never easy but it carries immense benefits.
This is a nice one. (anon)
Life is like making tea! Boil your ego, evaporate your worries, dilute your sorrows,
Had a wonderful time speaking on the importance of relationships at Infor. My thanks to the leaders… 
Take your studies seriously and develop both muscles and brains. This is how you secure long term sustainable success.
You may be good with athletics but if you are poor with academics that is not a picture of success but temporary pleasure and later pains.
At that, all the other players on the team began screaming, "Come on coach, give him another chance!"
what is two plus two?" The player thought for a moment &amp; then he answered, "Four?" "4?!?" the coach exclaimed,excited that he got it right.
and if you get it right, you can play." The player agreed, and the coach looked into his eyes intently and asks, "Okay, now concentrate...
"I'm not supposed to let you play since you failed math, but we need you in there. So what I have to do is ask you a math question,
Here is an old  funny story:
The coach walked into the locker room before a game, looked over to his star player and said,
But Jesus wants me to elevate it to the next level. To love those ho hate me and it's a tough thing to do and powerless without God's help."
Somebody says: "I don't have time to hate the people who hate me because I am too busy to love the people who love me.
A great morning talk with the 950 students of Statesfields School Inc. this morning. Always a… 
Moneyversity Learning Time with graduating students of STI Novaliches. Thank you Citibank and STI. @… 
Had a great day yesterday with the wonderful leaders of SSS led by President Emil and his wonderful… 
We need to make sure we do what is right and we become people who embrace and love truth.
The untruthful hate the truthful. That is just the way it is. Light cannot co-exist with the dark.
You will know a man not only by his friends but by his enemies. The unrighteous hate the righteous.
Leaders develop themselves well so they can lead others better. This is a central theme in this forthcoming seminar. 
Do what is right and do not mind what other people say. What they say does not define you.
Here is a very nice quote from an anonymous source:
Don't worry about what people think, they don't do it very often.
There are people who lack confidence today because they have been hurt by what people think and say against them.
You and I have to continue learning in order to be relevant in a fast changing world.
Some people earned a diploma and then they stop learning. This is not a good thing.
Mark Twain says: “do not allow your schooling interfere with your education"
Had a great time tonight with entrepreneurs and corporate executives speaking on the topic of "Shaping… 
Meanwhile, people should take the initiative to make things happen. Always waiting to be told what to do is not the best way to succeed.
It is the leaders' responsibility to provide such an environment and allow their people to shine and surprise them with what they can do.
Here is a thought for the new working week:
People's hidden strengths come to the surface in safe, healthy and trusting environments.
Family valentines dinner at Shangrila @ Edsa Shangri-La, Manila 
Some people express love through touch. Others express love through words. People are different and their love expressions differ too.
Somebody says a hug is an invention of two people doing it without having to say "I love you."
This state could harden the heart. Do not lose your ability to love even if you have been hurt before.
The opposite of love is not hatred. The opposite of love is indifference. It is when one simply does not care anymore.
What a great time I had doing the two day leadership training with the wonderful people of PLDT, love… 
Unthinking people may call it romance, victims still call it a betrayal. Faithfulness is still a good thing. Trust me.
Don't allow emotions to override your mind. If you know the relationship is not legit, do not use love as a good excuse to do a wrong thing.
Somebody says: 
"Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties." Do not let this happen to you.
Here is a very important reminder:
True love is the only thing that is left when all the selfishness is removed.
Do not be flattered with someone who is possessive. The person may be exhibiting signs of insecurity and immaturity.
The last run was very good. Hope to have you in the next one. 
"No man (woman) is worth your tears, but the one who is, won't intentionally make you cry." (anon) Sweet yet true.
Whole day seminar in Tagum now over. Unique mix of 300 students, professionals and entrepreneurs/. And… 
Because many have mistaken lust for love.
Lust has a predatory feel to grab, want, consume. And it is never a good thing. Many hearts have been broken, lives destroyed. And why?
True love always carries RESPECT as its most important ingredient. True love is willing to wait. Not so with lust.
One of the pleasures in my Washington trip is to meet one of my favorite college professors Joey… 
Before you go looking for happiness, make your own wherever you are. And....
Before you look for the right person be the right person first.
Before you believe others are better, show them your best.
Before you dismiss your dreams, wait until they’ve come true.
Before you let doubts stop you, confront then with facts.
Before fear holds you back, go forward with faith.
There is power behind the word "BEFORE": (anon)
Before you say, “I can’t,” make sure you’ve tried.
and soon after will come the grief and the regrets.  What a painful lesson to learn in life for many who do not think first before they act.
So when someone says "I love you..." but has the intention of getting something from you, that is not love, that is consumption .....
Somebody says LOVE is a verb and not a noun. It entails giving, sharing, serving and sacrificing.
My daughter Hannah's creation. Beautiful! 
On our way to attend the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington DC with president Obama speaking this… 
Every occasion good for bonding, even during shoe shine. 
There is a difference between perception and reality. You get to know the real person in his or her worst moments; only seldom at their best
When you fall in love with a person, make sure you are in love with the person and not the image of the  person.
Many powerful and famous people here in Washington DC but this gentleman is still my son Bryan's hero. Of course! 
My wife and I are totally different. And I thank God for it. For if we were very much alike, then life would be boring..... :)
Yet the beauty of marriage is that each partner can help the other grow and not allow their differences to tear them apart.
Somebody says: "Marriage is the most expensive way I know of for each partner to discover all of the other's faults."
"One of these days" become "None of these days" so do not waste the most precious moment of our life and that is now.
Today happens to be the "one day" you referred to some time ago. So the question now is, have you done what you promised yourself you would?
.............but beauty of character is developed in the home.
I will always remember somebody saying this beautifully:
Strength of character is developed in the work place
The good thing with travel is that both of us can get up close and personal and discuss important life issues and not just business.
Travelled almost a whole day getting to Washington DC but the good thing is that I get to have bonding time with my son Bryan.
Enjoyed Cathay Pacific service and food. Makes a long and difficult flight pleasant. 
Bryan and I in New York awaiting flight for Washington DC after almost a whole day of flight and… 
but we should be defined by the principles and values within us. Do what is good and what is right all the time. That is all that matters.
We should not be defined by what people think about us or say against us....
We tend to remember the awful moments and quickly discard and forget the good ones. Congrats and keep up the good work. And be consistent.
All of my complaints on delays maybe validly expressed but it would not be fair if we leave the nice things done unsaid and unmentioned.
The food is hot and the smiles of the crew are warm and attentive to the needs and respond quickly .
My daughter Rachel and I took PAL PR300 to HK for a quick speaking engagement last week.
Do not rush off to do the next thing unless it is one of the best things.
All minutes are not created equal.
What's next is not as important as what's best.
Charisma and competence may bring you to the top but only integrity can keep you there.
Somebody says: "Personality has the power to open doors, but character keeps them open."
.........without expecting anything in return. We are wired this way.
This carries you through the day and rubs off on you so you can inspire others too. 
The greatest inspiration is to help someone ......
You cannot just sit around waiting for inspiration to hit you. You need to look for inspiration and hit it.
Look for work that inspires you. A book. Poetry. Music. Painting.
Look for people who inspire you. Authors. Teachers. Mentors. Leaders.
To them I offer my encouragement. Even when good deeds are not publicly known or recognized, there will always be at least One who knows.
yet there are many people who do things silently, without thoughts of rewards and awards.
Real and meaningful awards are always given to people who have served, given and made a difference in the lives of others,
Work for the leading cruise ship in HongKong over, now it is time to go back home. But daughter Rachel… 
On our way to HongKong, do a talk inside a cruise ship and come back home tomorrow for a very special… 
3. To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover the prisoner was you. (anon)
1. Always forgive your enemies, nothing annoys them so much -OSCAR WILDE 
2. It's better to forgive and forget than to resent and remember.
You have been hurt and you have been offended but these are the 3 things I want to share with you that will liberate you:
I  enjoyed my time with the lovely students of Assumption this morning. Their energy is so infectious. 
Your attitude is more important than your skills. Work on it and make sure you have a good one.
I have told young people all over the country and I will say this again tomorrow morning as I speak to students:
So work on yours everyday and begin to enchant others.
Ice skater Scott Hamilton says: The only disability in life is a bad attitude." He is so right.
Followers and fans of Dr. Ravi and Michael Ramsden gathered. 
Family and breakfast time with Michael Ramsden yesterday morning. We all love this fine Beitish… 
You will be surprised to see how better you feel, how awake you become and how much more you can do. Make it a habit.
Do pushups, sit ups and a little bit of running. Pump up your heart. Drink enough water.
Here is a productivity tip:
Wake up one hour earlier. Do your quiet time. Meditate and pray.
You can either use it as an instrument of power or you can have it  overpower you.When it comes to money you are either a sharer or a taker.
Money can be an adversity or it can be a blessing. It can be your tool or it can be your master.
God bless our grandparents! :)
"That's nothing", said the third boy. "When my parents take me to see my grandma and grandpa, I can wear them out in just one hour."
"Well", said the second little boy, "I'm so tough, I can wear out a pair of jeans in a day".
"I'm so tough", said the first boy, "that I can wear out a pair of shoes in a week".
Here is something funny:
Three little boys were bragging about how tough they were.
This is how you save money. Spend on needs not wants.
Payroll is coming. Determine the amount of money you will save from it, determine to set it aside and then live on the rest of the money.
I Love this. And this makes me asks myself this question: I wonder what is the size of my own heart?
People with big hearts sympathise and people with small hearts criticise.
But people with God in their hearts give and share their love.
The heart that loves is always healthy.
The heart that serves is always happy.
The heart that cares is always strong.
My friend Connie Teh shares gave me this material and it is so powerful. Something to do with the heart. Enjoy:
Thank you participants for making these two days special.
Wonderful sharing, exchange of ideas and learning experiences like these are just so special and unforgettable.
I had a great two-day leadership training with the 52 participants in this month's Level Up Leadership.
There is no such thing as an uninteresting day.
What is it that I have done yesterday that is worth mentioning and what is it will I do today that will be worth mentioning tomorrow?
I have a question for you and it is a question I need to ask myself every single day:
It does not reflect strength, it reveals character that is weak.
Meekness is defined: "Power under control." This attracts and inspires people while arrogance and rudeness repels.
n fact it takes a tremendous amount of strength, courage and character to be gentle and tender even in the midst of a difficult situation.
Being gentle and meek is not being sickly and weak. I
But when we work hard for something we love this creates and builds passion. I guess it is a choice after all.
When we work hard for something we do not care about it bring us stress.
Going back to work after a long break can be a little bit challenging. But this thought is worth remembering:
My good old friends Brian and Marilyn from Istanbul Turkey. Enjoy their friendship. May see them only… 
Learned a lesson this morning: Partial attention is not a good thing. Details matter.
Will go back early this afternoon before 1PM.
It was not for 10 but for 1PM!  My goodness, I am turning "Crispy" (not old...) :)
Waited in the coffee shop. Wondered why my clients are not yet there. Took another look at my phone and realized I added a "Zero".
I show up early for meetings and appointments. I took a quick look at my phone and made sure that I am there earlier than 10AM.
:) (thank you Connie for this story)
Never be afraid of growing old. Alway seek to be positive, inquisitive, encouraging and relevant.
I lifted my knee, I turned my neck…everything made the same noise: CrrraaaccK! 
My conclusion therefore is this: I am not old. I am crispy!
Met my high school friends a few days ago and reminded me of this story:
A very positive person says: “I’m not old. I woke up......
My heartfelt thanks to Rappler for this feature. You might find this helpful. Feel free to share. Thank you.

This is the difference between a religion and a relationship. The heart makes all the difference.
It is possible to know God but have a heart that is far away from Him.
The head may know God and seek Him but only the heart finds God and accepts Him.
I dream that every leader in our country would park their ego on the parking lot and start exuding humility and serve faithfully.
Humility is attractive.Humility inspires people. Ego is toxic &amp; obnoxious. Ego builds walls. Humility builds bridges.This is a fact of life.
Had a wonderful time with the future Taipans in a conference held in Ateneo this morning. I see great… 
Develop yourself and lead others and when leaders grow, they grow the business. 
Many participants from successful companies &amp; businesses will be there &amp; more have expressed their intentions to participate. See you there.
I will discuss this more in detail in my first public seminar-workshop on leadership for this year.
Warren G. Bennis says: "Failing organizations are usually over-managed and  under-led." So what is the difference?
Had a wonderful time with almost a thousand students at Hercor College Roxas City this morning. And… 
Today is the most important resource you will ever have. Do not waste it.
If you did not do well last year, process the lessons and make a resolve to improve.
If you did well, celebrate but set higher goals and become better.
The key to understanding life is this: yesterday ended last night. Today is a brand new beginning.
Some people did not do well last year, some people find last year the best year of their lives.
Had a wonderful time this afternoon doing what I love most - speaking and sharing ideas! 
Moneyversity with STI students this morning. @ STI College Las Piñas 
As I promised you Ryle, here is the only photo I have of you and your class. 
Looks may capture the eyes but it's the personality that captures the heart!
And so prepare the attitude and prepare the heart.
"There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes." Skills &amp; talents alone do not guarantee success. So does good looks or a great physique.
As we prepare to start a brand new work week tomorrow, it would be wise to prepare our hearts with a quote from William John Bennett:
Love God love spouse love kids and love neighbours. This is right and effective.
Conflicts within the family is painful. Love is torn and souls are damaged. Nobody wins. Forgiveness is key to healing.
Some wise guy said: (although with an element of truth in it....)
God gives us family so we do not have to fight strangers.
Bryan and Siops of Taken by Cars presenting music and technology at TedX talks this afternoon. Love… 
This is healing for the soul and understand that tomorrow is a brand new beginning. Learn and move on.
If your day has not been very satisfying, thank God anyway and learn to sing.
Emory Austin says: "Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway."
Love the 500 sweet smiling students from St. Scholastica's Academy in Bacolod early this afternoon.… 
I guess it is true then that money cannot buy everything.
No matter how much money you have, you can never be able to buy two things:
1. True friends.
2. True peace.
They quietly work in the background and fix problems without the desire to get credit or recognition. God bless these people.
People who whine and complain without offering help and solutions are mere nuisances. But then again there are the silent heroes.
"I must do something" always solves more problems than "Something must be done." (anon)
Had a Great time doing a whole day training with the wonderful people of Unisell. Tomorrow will speak… 
What they fail or refuse to realise is that there will be at least One who does.
Meanwhile those who are dishonest do things because they always presume that nobody sees and nobody knows.
They have peace and do not have to live with the constant fear that they would be found out.
This is amazing. Honest people do not need to hide that they are doing.
you know what or better still....WHO is the problem. Use it for good and not for bad.
and learn from one another yet FB can also be used as a weapon in slandering others. It's not social media that is the problem....
and this simply means human beings are social beings. We all like to be "liked." :) Social media can be used to share ideas
There are now 1.32 billion people connecting on Facebook each month, and 63% of them visiting daily. 829 million people use FB every day,
I prefer Zig Ziglar’s reminder to be a "good-finder,"look at the good in people than to be a “fault-finder”looking for other people’s faults
It has been said that when a person constantly criticises, that person may actually be trying to compliment the self.
Start the year right with leadership skills upgrade and update. Hope to see you there. 
you will change the course not only for 2015 but for your entire life.
And when you have chosen to live life with an attitude that propels you in a positive direction,
the experiences you want to venture in life, the decisions you make and the dreams for your future.
Your self-improvement intentions. Your health and lifestyle.
The people you meet, the books you read,
You actually are empowered to decide on how you think and feel about: Your responses (not reactions). Your relationships.
Start the first working days of the year with this thought:
You choose your attitude.
Proud dad showing off another creation from my designer daughter Hannah Kong. So happy being a stage… 
The Ilocana with the daughter's creation. 
Yet when hard decisions are made and maintained, you and I get the best deals life can offer.
It is easier to fall into temptation than to stay faithful. 
It is easier to party than to work diligently.
Life’s best decisions are not usually the easiest ones to make. Nothing worthwhile comes easy.
It is easier to eat than to lose pounds.
An important thought to consider.
If you know your mission in life, then what people have to say and do about you does not matter.
You and I cannot exist in a vacuum. We have to be usable and to be a blessing to others.
More important than seeeking wealth and prosperity for the new year is to know &amp; understand our unique purpose for existence in this life.
while you celebrate all your joys for the rest of the year. :)
A Blessed New Year to everyone
If this is the same case with you then here is my greet for you:
May all your troubles last as long as your New Years resolutions....
Another one says: My New Years Resolution is to break my New Years Resolutions....That way I succeed at something!"
Somebody says: "My 2015 resolution is for everyone else to gain the 50 pounds I refuse to lose. :)
Here's a couple of funny things I hope can start your first day of the year with a smile:
I have been in the self-improvement business today I will do a "shelve-improvement" business; clean and organize my closets.
Today is a new day. Jet lag makes me wake up very early and it's good.
and your family May you have a blessed and a most meaningful year!
Can't wait to go back to speaking and training.
God is good and the New Year is full of hope and beauty.
I was able to exercise, get enough sleep, read books, visit a museum, prepared new and exciting lessons for the New Year.
In a few hours from now, my family and I will fly back home after a wonderful a time of bonding and vacation.
Excess baggage is expensive. Unload.
This is why you need to put closure on certain issues and do not allow them to become excess baggage you have to carry into the new year.
The lighter our luggage, the easier our journey.
There's a luggage limit for every passenger on a flight. 
The same rule applies in our lives.
Do not spend time on things 7 activities that will not add value to your success goals.This should be top of mind as we enter the new year.
This is reality of the current times so here's my conclusion: We cannot manage time but we can manage ourself so we use time more wisely.
"24/7", conference calls, different time zone, skype, video conferences, etc. They all require us to do more things and to do it faster.
These are 2 good ones I have encountered this month. Enjoy! 
5 years from now, you will exactly be the same person you are today except for two things:
1. the people you meet
2. the books you read
Determine to read books for self-improvement.
Charlie "Tremendous" Jones said it correctly:....
Resolve to embrace the New Year with renewed hopes.
Somebody says: "It is possible to be grabbing the past so tightly to your chest that it leaves your arms too full to embrace the present."
Learn from the past but don't live in it . . . you have already been there.
And then there are the rare winners who constantly find ways to improve &amp; when they do, others see and conclude that they are mere "lucky."
There are those who say they want to improve but they go back to their own lazy ways.
A person who has a passion to improve and excel will always out perform 99 others who merely have an interest to do the same.
I will rather call them 'RESOLVES." Perhaps this carries more weight in our will to make things happen.
This includes the people I work with. What would be yours?
Instead of calling them resolutions (which we understand will not be fulfilled);
From here on, I RESOLVE to be more gentle and tender with the people who matter to me most in my life.
A message and a lesson I need to remind myself at all times.
Jesus was born in a borrowed manger. He was buried in a borrowed grave. Power comes through humble means.
Family attending Christmas Eve service at Menlo with John Ortberg. Always a treat and a blessing! 
Christmas is always a family affair. 
Have a Blessed Christmas to all of you and your family.
that is called religion. But when God reaches out to us (because of His Mercy and Grace) then that is called: CHRISTMAS!
The card says: "When man tries to reach out to God (and he never will because God's standard is too high and we all fall short of it).....
I love the message in a Christmas Card I received from my mentor Dr. Harold Sala.
Somebody says this correctly: "It is better to go fishing with your child now, than to go hunting for… 
This is why the greatest enemy is the self and it takes an enormous amount of discipline to be able to control it. :)
or breaking a bar of chocolate and eating only half a bar...or maintaining the weight after the holidays.Not easy is it?
What is self-control? 
Self-control is being able to open a pack of peanuts, eat one and keep the rest.....
Serves as a reminder for my two daughters to heed:
Never let a fool kiss you--and never let a kiss fool you.
Be wise and not just emotional.
When I posted this not there were so many responses. Maybe many of you have not seen this yet but I will post this again.
Get the point?  Sparrows are taken care of and they do not worry about tomorrow. A lesson we need to learn. Have a restful day.
Here is a memory test for you. Do not look at your diary. Now tell me. Can you remember what you worried about this day one year ago?
Somebody says: "A clear conscience is the softest pillow to sleep on."
Fame, power, fortune are no contest for peace of mind and a joyful heart. To be able to sleep well and have peace is real power.
In the process of learning life becomes exciting and living becomes an adventure.
I need to learn from the experiences of those who have come before me and learn from the young for the future belongs to them.
When I was in my teens I thought I knew everything and now that I have added years to my life I realize even for today I know very little.
Somebody says: "Every teenager should get at least a high school education, even if they already know everything."
Father and son ...but more like...best friends! 
No matter how successful they are in their business or career, they will still be daddy's pretty young… 
I have to learn how to take good photos but this well lit house at the Marina is simply beautiful.… 
No need to despair, just need to decide to be better. IN all things God has His purpose and He is still in control.
If this year has not been a good year, process the lessons and realize that tomorrow is a brand new day.
The person who lives for himself or herself is engaged in a very small business.
It is impossible to push yourself ahead by patting yourself on the back.
Celebrate but do not claim the credit all by and for yourself. Every victory entails team work and support.
Bonuses given. Christmas parties celebrated. Targets achieved and incentives provided. All that is good.
Barely have time to meet in Manila but enjoying each other's company in Mountain View. @ Google… 
Do not be afraid about getting old. Be concerned about growing old irrelevant and obsolete. Keep on learning and keep on living!
Carlos look at Lorna and with a trembling voice said "But she's so young. She's only 45."  "37" came the weak reply from Lorna.  :)
When husband Carlos came in ICU the doctors gave the bad news."We can't wake her "the doctor said.
After a long and serious operation, Lorna ended up in a coma and the doctors just couldn't bring her out of it.
The year is almost over. And we all grow older. 
Do not feel bad. Here is a funny story:
and honors his very supportive parents and his coaches. Ingredients for meaningful success. 
He is a member of the U.S. National Team. Proud of this kid. Disciplined to the core. Serious with studies, loves God, respects his team...
Congratulations to my nephew Joseph Ong who won the gold in the US Pan American Taekwondo Competition held in Portland a few days ago.
This is why friendship is essential. They are your friends whether you have the millions or not.
True but sad.Be nice to everyone whether they have the millions or not.And there is no need to envy the rich for this is their lot in life.
Somebody says: "The secret to success is to be nice to people until you make your millions. From then on, people will be nice to you." :)
Have you ever been betrayed by friends who used your secrets against you? How did you handle the situation?
Samuel Johnson says: "To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is foolishness."
A wise man says: "Your secrets are safe with me and my friends." :)
I'm so excited to do my most requested training program on leadership for January of next year.Hope to see you there! 
Meanwhile, I told myself it would be a vacation but so far I have spent these days updating the lesson and preparing new ones. :)
Learning is a non-stop process. I have learned that the moment I stop learning is the moment I stop growing.
God does not invent junk but we need to develop our talents and make ourselves usable. And when we do we find happiness and meaning.
Every person is gifted but some of us never bother to remove the wrapper and open our gift packs.
A once a year huge oyster treat at Hog Island Oysters San Francisco. 
Enjoyed church and celebrating family day. 
Nothing beats spending time and enjoying moments with the family. @ Ferry Bldg. 
Do not allow this to happen to you.
but they set their goals too low and attain it." Many people are so happy with the good that they miss out on the great.
Samuel Clemens said: "The problem with men is not that they set their goals to high and fail to reach it ....
If your goals are set too high and you do not reach it, you still end up higher than those who have never set anything in the first place.
We need to constantly learn and grow to keep pace and excel in order to stand out from the crowd.
A decision to fall behind will lead to being left behind. A healthy sense of urgency is needed in an environment of accelerated change.
When it comes to business and personal growth, the habitual thought of "I will try to catch up" is not a good foundation for progress.
he real issue is whether you really care enough to be inconvenienced or is the person or situation not worthy of your precious time?
Love will find a way. Indifference will find excuses. 
T
The heart can be very deceitful and so it has to be guarded.
We need to use our talents and skills to build up and contribute not to tear down and satisfy self-interests.
Somebody says: "Human beings are very complicated. We can make the desert bloom and at the same time dirty the rivers."
The exciting mad scientists of Funworks and their Christmas party celebration tonight.  I am so proud… 
Rachel Kong with Gemma Cruz Araneta this morning. She can't believe it!<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> @ Alabang Country  Club 
I am sure there is plenty of room for improvement but I would like to acknowledge the good things done as well.
We also need to give credit to the preparations done by the authorities. There is no such thing as being "over-prepared."
God has been merciful.The storm is not as damaging as the big one we had last year.(UN predicted some 30M people would be heavily affected).
Do my work well and then come home and spend the rest of the day with my family.
What do you look forward to everyday?
I agree. I look forward to doing the work I love and that is to impart ideas and hopefully improve lives.
I may not have the exact words here but Mary Kay Ash says you and I need to have something to look forward to everyday.
This is better than a spur of the moment decision and action that has plunged many a good people to regret and remorse.
Let the emotions pass and allow the thinking process to rule.
It's better to sleep on what you plan to do than to lie awake because of what you've done.
That thing you want to do? That crucial decision you want to make?
Here is a very useful advice:
When beliefs contradict values then integrity suffers.
This is why we need to check our heart motives all the time. The actions and behaviors will always lean towards the direction of our values.
My friend Dr. Ramesh Richards said something I will never forget says:"We do not necessarily do what we believe,we always do what we value.
We are commanded to love. And love is not just feeling alone, it is an act of the will based on careful thinking.
The other side of the mystery is that love quickens all senses except, perhaps, common sense.
The mystery of love is that the more you give, the more remains in your heart.
The old man smiled and said, “just color them!”  :) 
Now that is being positive.!
Here is a funny story: An old man with only 21 hairs on his head went to a barber shop. The barber, amused asked: “Shall I cut or count?"
Super tired waiting flight back to Manila. The good thing is flights have not been cancelled. Best to focus on positive side of things.
The truth is that those who mind do not matter and those who matter do not mind.
You and I need to be true and real. Never allow slander or unfair criticisms to pull us down and stop us from doing what is right.
Do not be afraid of hard work and do not be impatient. Success is always a process and never an event.
Magic is being successful without effort and hard work. Successes like these are virtual and are not real.
One reason so many people are not reaching the top is that they never start at the bottom. Do not believe in magic.
The starting point of love is paying attention. Still working on improving this area of my life.
The best gift you can give the people you love is not money but time.
God has given us free will but we need to submit all these faculties towards righteousness as He supplies the grace for us to do so.
4. What our minds think and;
5. What our hearts desire.
There are 5 crucial things that determine the kind of future we will have:
1. What our hands do;
2. Where our feet go;
3. What our lips say;
If you consider the extra money you have as “disposable income you tend to “dispose” it. Think of it as savings so you would “save” it.
Productivity Tip:
Hold on to your Christmas bonus. Pay off your debts and set the rest aside as emergency funds.
A habit of exaggeration will make a person loses his or her credibility.
Some people mistake imagination for memory. This is not a good thing. Stick to the facts no matter how boring they may be.
Sorry for misspell. I mean "summit sailing..."
Trust me; there are successful marriages but they just don't get the headlines.
Not only with their friends and most importantly with their children Alex and Matt.
The journey has not been smooth selling but because of God being at the Center of their lives, they can celebrate it today
Tonight I attended the 25th wedding anniversary of friends Dice and Coy. What a lovely couple.
G.K. Chesterton says: Marriage is an adventure. 
It's like going to war!  :)
Excited to meet the doctors and students at Holy Angel University this afternoon.
Somebody says: "When people discuss they display intelligence but when they argue,  it could be a display of ignorance.
Do your best for this is the best way to secure a better tomorrow. Chill! God is still in control.
But do not let your most precious moment slip away from your hand and that is the here and now. Give your best.
Learn from the past but move forward and explore the future.
Move on and turn your focus forward. The windshield is always larger than the rear view mirror.
Have you ever become trapped re-living past mistakes over and over like a video player, stuck on endless replay?
perform better and grow in their skills, attitude and character. Inspirational leadership really matters.
Leaders may not be able to increase their pay but they certainly can inspire their people and encourage them to become better....
Many people are working in low paying and high stressful jobs.
Sometimes God puts us in the dark to prove He is the light.
And He is more concerned with our character more than our "success."
I love this quote and maybe you do too:
Things we love we will lose one day.
Things we fear we will face one day.
Remember this: 
Nothing quiets criticism like involvement.
Think of creative ways to engage your people, allow them to contribute so they can be part-owners of the things you do.
Some times people make it difficult for you because you have not involved them in your project.
Say it with respect and kindness and don’t forget to wear a smile on your face. (It actually drives difficult people crazy)  :)
Somebody said: When someone tells you: “That’s not going to make you win a popularity contest. 
Response is: “I'm not running for office."
The important thing is to do good to others as if you are the “others."
It is extremely hard and stressful for anyone to keep trying hard to be liked.
When children are trained to wait then they become more disciplined and are in better positions to succeed.
One of the hardest things to learn in life is to wait. Much of life involves waiting &amp; many wrong decisions are made because of impatience.
Finished the 4 talks in Butuan City today. Totally tired but so immensely fulfilled.
Those who are unclear with their purpose will mostly find their work unfulfilling.
This is an important thought to consider because clarity of purpose so consistently predicts how people do their jobs.
Where do you see your career 5 years from now?
They may not be visible but they are essential. To CCF tech, thank you for making last Friday night event successful. 
But truth is behind the stage are these wonderful tech people who make the learning event successful.
Speakers like me always get the applause, attention and the accolade.
Your “stuff” do not define you. It’s not too late.  You may want to refocus your dreams.
This is called acquisition. Focus your dreams on what you can become and what you can accomplish. This is called identity.
What are your dreams? “To have a house….” “To have a car…etc."
These are not dreams, these are merely things you want to own. Wrong focus!
Enjoy the learning in the process of living. Love. Laugh and Live.
And if you fail to do so that should not be considered fatal. Keep on improving and keep on learning. Do not quit easily.
If you have achieved a goal that should not be final.
Age should not make one bitter but better in character and disposition. Be intentional in living life to the full.
More and more senior people are still sharp and productive and are excited with life.
People who are in their 50's and 60"s consider themselves as middle age.
Somebody says: "Age Sixty-five is the age at which one acquires sufficient experience to lose his job." :)
To be affected constantly by what others say is an obstruction to progress. In other words, Chill! and Improve.
Keep yourself so busy improving yourself that you have no time to entertain the insults and negative criticisms of others.
Higher pay and better opportunities are understandable but the two reasons above could have been fixed easily.
Survey after survey has shown that the top two reasons why good people are:
1. Cannot get along with their boss.
2. Feels not appreciated.
You and I need to give back cheerfully and more often times in my experience, we are given more. Be cheerful.
and what is your third question?"
Some people would not help unless they are paid. That is not help, that is a transaction.
"$50.00 for three questions," replied the lawyer.
"Isn't that awfully steep?" asked the man.
"Yes," the lawyer replied, "
Here is a popular funny story running in the Web:
A man walked into a lawyer's office and inquired about the lawyer's rates.
Be honest, be transparent and always be the same person you are at home, at work and in church. It's also less stressful this way.
Do not live constantly pretending; you might forget who you are.
It is a difficult thing to hurt and to hate.Hatred imprisons only one person and it is the self. Give up the hate and the hurt will subside.
It is always a struggle to keep oneself from saying negative things against those we do not like but it is a must for character building.
Somebody says: "Badmouthing others is just a dishonest way of praising the self." Do you agree with this statement?
Living to work and working to live should not be an either/or proposition.
It should be a skillful integration of both.
Do you live to work or do you work to live? Here is my idea. There is joy in meaningful work and life should be lived to the full.
For speakers/parents to tell audiences or kids:"You can be anyone or do anything you want to be" It is not accurate &amp; neither is it helpful.
But I need to know my limitations too.If God has not given me a nice singing voice then I should not attempt to be a rock star or a diva :)
If He made you good with speaking then you could be an educator. This is potential.
You will know what God has for you by what He puts in you. If He made you strong then you could be an athlete.
Do not spoil grandkids. Makes it difficult for parents to handle their children.
God bless the grandparents. They are so simple that all grandchildren can control them.
Been a long day doing training for 2 top business corporations in the country. Tired but certainly happy, fulfilled, encouraged to do more.
remove the focus on the self and seek out to help and encourage others. This is how you find joy.
Life is beautiful. It may be bumpy and full of detour. Learn to enjoy the scenery.......
I like the quote from an anonymous source that says:
"Every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness."
The body may be tired but the heart pumps with joy. The question is are we serving or are we working? It makes all the difference.
When I speak and do training I remind myself I am serving and not just working. Service is a matter of joy and gladness of the heart.
Entrepreneurs &amp; leaders from top business corporations are attending &amp; I hope to have you there too. November 18-19 EDSA Shangrila Hotel.
So glad to know that many have signed up for this favorite program of mine. This is called Level Up Leadership.
Be positive but be creative and realistic in facing the difficult situations.
You cannot be positive all the time and refuse to face reality issues. There is another term for this and it is called "denial."
Negative people can really pull you down. 
Optimism must be tempered with realism.
I smiled when I saw this: "People always emphasize the negative. No one puts up a sign: Beware-nice dog."
Learn what makes things work and learn from the errors we committed. This is how we improve.
Autopsies are important. We need to conduct autopsies on both success and failures.
I love watching detective stories especially CSI. The scene that interests me is autopsiesI. This is what I realise.
Will share the stage with my son Bryan as we share principles on how to shape the future. Excited to meet our participants this afternoon.
What defines you is how you rise up to the occasion.
Win with humility and lose with grace. Process the lesson and move forward.
Here is a thought for the new week: What defines you is not whether you win or lose in a challenge.
When you love someone say it. Because the moment passes and you are alone again.
Today is a good day to remember our loved ones. Remember them with fondness. They had their time too. Live every moment wisely.
We may understand time but we need to understand eternity as well.
Someone says: "Make all major decisions inside the cemetery." This reminds us there is always a finality to life in this side of the planet.
Use knowledge to help and inspire people to become better. For this is the best use of knowledge.
The real tragedy of man is not that man knows less and less but that he or she cares less and less.
Some people possess tremendous amount of knowledge. Yet they use their knowledge as a pedestal to look down upon others who are lacking.
As long as the person seeks knowledge and is willing to learn.
Some people do not possess enough knowledge. That is not something to be ashamed of.
Character should be consistent.  Not to despair when trials come and not to be proud when success is achieved.
It is better to be faithful than to be famous.
Every test is a blessing and every blessing is a test.
This is my business column every Saturday and Sunday in The Philippine Star. God gets all the credit for the win for the 4th time.
The Catholic Mass Media Awards just gave the Best Business Column Award 2014 for "BUSINESS MATTERS" 
God is good!  Business Matters in the Philippines Star wins Best Business Column for the fourth time given by Catholic Mass Media Awards.
People who are so used to white lies eventually become color blind. Do you agree?
Honesty comes with a price. It is not cheap; it is expensive and only people with value can give it. Determine to be honest all the time.
Always enjoy speaking to students on money matters. Great to start them young and start them right. 
Meanwhile, you enjoy every minute of your God blessed life.
they may not be as productive, presentable or (even good looking) as you still are when they reach your age.
When people make fun of you because they say you are "already old,”  some times the reason is because they are fearful that .......
Every choice carries consequences so we need to make sure we make the right ones. Be wise. Have fun and enjoy life. It's a gift from God's.
We are just one word, one action, one behaviour, one look away from doing something stupid that we might regret  for the rest of our lives.
Here is a healthy tip that keeps me reminded:
Temptations and situations are constantly available that could make us compromise integrity.
This is honest and brings better results. Compliments or the lack of it always carries consequences. They are powerful.
It would be a better to say, "I like the way you put your work into what you do..." or "I love your attitude towards wanting to improve...."
and when the child gets very low grades then the compliment bombs and the child is confused.
When a child brings home an artwork rather than saying: "that is so beautiful!" (when the truth is that it could improve some more...)
Compliments should be given carefully. They should not be given without thinking.
Beauties that attended Counterflow today held in CCF Makati. 
The last run was fantastic. Hope to see you in this one. 
These are the ones we appreciate and admire.They will have their due rewards.
And then there are many faithful people who quietly do things behind the stage and away from the spotlight.
It is better to be faithful than to be famous. 
There are many famous people who are not faithful. Thy are not worthy of admiration.
This is why the more we need to cultivate discipline in the area of self-growth and development. And teach these to our kids as well.
which are vital elements for success of business, enterprise and life as well.
all these technology make life more efficient and more convenient. And thus we miss perseverance, struggles, tenacity, patience....
We love the conveniences of modern life, smart phones, fastfoods, ATM'S, e-books, social media,....
Somebody says: "The consciousness of duty done gives us music at midnight." And he or she is so right.
But there is one thing that is 
worse than a quitter; and that is the man or the woman who is afraid to begin.
They may come up with a thousand ideas why they cannot do it when all they need is one decision to get them going.
Quitters fail to discover their abilities to accomplish things.
And now I go back to Manila and prepare for tomorrow's whole day training with another great company. I love my job.
A day well spent here in Cebu and enjoyed the afternoon with the leaders of Matimco.
IN other words, you put the interest of others first before you do yours.
What is customer service? It is inconveniencing one’s self for the convenience of others.
What is inspiring leadership?It is serving others.
The number one factor in building your likeability factor is to put others first.
Habits are powerful. They are even more powerful than logic and knowledge.
If we are constantly late, tardiness is our master. If we blow our top quickly and constantly then temper becomes our master.
A man is a slave to whatever has mastered him.(or her) You and I are slaves to our habits.
Our journals help us remember and best of all; our journals can trace the footsteps of God in our life that leads us to thankfulness.
A journal is our life’s data back up storage device that contains our past stories of successes and failures. We are extremely forgetful.
Are you a journalist? I am. You should be a journalist too. A journalist is simply a person who keeps a journal.
Here is a productivity tip. Get enough sleep but wake up early &amp; start the day with exercise.This builds up strength and energy for the day.
We need to learn to wait. God has His perfect timing.
Many of us know this but the thing we may skip is the middle of what takes place between the sowing and the reaping and that is T-I-M-E.
A biblical rule of life says: “Whatsoever you sow you shall reap.”
Had a great time with the Filipino community leaders on a talk last night held at the Philippine… 
A good leader leaves room for  people to shine and is never intimidated by it; in fact the good leader is intentional in making this happen.
This is not just a business principle, it is a parenting issue as well.
A leader who is obsessed with "Image Management" becomes overly controlling and stifles people's creative abilities.
A good leader always allows room for his or her people to shine.
We will have to be accustomed to living in an age of continous disruption.This is more reason why personal growth &amp;development is essential.
Here is a clear rule for business. If businesses do not change then they will be changed and they would not like it.
My heartfelt thanks to the 500 plus kabayan who attended the talk tonight in Kuwait organized by… 
The eldest and the youngest women of my life enjoying the different kinds of dates in a Kuwaiti… 
Believe me, it isn't far from the leadership talks I have been presenting. Hope to see you there.
Giving talks on parenting is something I love doing and have been for the longest time. 
then comes the reward! There is a term for this it is called: legacy.
But when the day comes when you see kids do the right thing and they say because that is what they learn from their parents....
Kids believe more in what they see than what they hear.
Parenting is not easy because parents should not only give good advice; they should give themselves as good examples.
A long trip is always made pleasant by the company of very good and nice people.  So happy to make new… 
And that is the kind of person we have become when we were still on planet earth.
The truth is there is one thing we can take with us when our Maker calles us home.
While most people say that "There is nothing you cvan take with you when it's time for you to go..."
Character building's always slow,tedious,boring, hard but is the most important part of the soul. It's what we bring w/ us when we're gone.
Unbelievable. Super traffic.  Quality of Life suggest heavily in Manila.
Success is a heavy responsibility to bear. Emotional maturity is needed which unfortunately many "juvenile successes” do not possess.
Look at star athletes and celebrities. Give them a few years of fame, riches and glory and without guidance, they deteriorate, crash &amp; burn.
Many young people want to be rich and famous at a very young age and they want it fast.This is not a good thing.
Humility opens doors and opportunities. It’s may not be glamorous but it certainly is powerful.
Strong willed people are not bad people. It's just that it takes them longer to learn.
Getting ready for Kuwait. Excited to meet our kabayan and friends there.
Had a great time with the fine focus of Deped Pasig yesterday. 
Had a great time with the dynamic people of Talent 2 this morning. 
Meanwhile you &amp; I who work hard are quietly winning bit by bit everyday as we build skills &amp; shape our character. Do not lose sight of this.
Life is not a lottery game and while the spotlight is focused on one or two winners, the camera is silent on the millions of losers.
It is impossible to want to get as much as possible for doing as little as possible. This is mere magic.
There is no shortcut to success.
This book has helped me &amp; I highly recommend it especially to those who do business with people from other countries. 
The world is getting smaller. I now have more invitations for speaking and training outside the country.
Always remember this: An upright man can never be a downright failure. You are only a failure when you do less than your best.
Most people do not really fail, they just give up; they quit. This week may offer challenges you have to face.
Truthfulness is always high on the list of people with integrity.
People with integrity constantly ask: "Would I still be truthful if I know that by doing so I will suffer loss?"The answer is usually "yes."
Help everyone before someone helps you.
Live the life before life leaves you.
Life is precious so do not waste time.
I like this one. (anon)
Great advice for life and living:
Kill the stress before it kills you.
Reach the goal before it kicks you.
it could be a lot more only to regret it later. Happens to me often Guess how many times I have to say "I'm sorry" because of this.
When you say: “But I just lost my temper…” you also need to realise that it was also more than just your temper that you have lost,
I am exchanging a day of my life for it and I know that God has created me for this purpose.
And then it's Kuwait next week for a series of talks and trainings.
Every day is important and I will tell you why.
The conference is over. Learned stuff I can't wait to share and apply. Preparing for the long flight, go back home and be with the kids...
The best leaders are those with competence and trustworthiness and they inspire people to become like them.
Just think about this: We normally hire people for their skills and fire people for their attitude/character.
Leaders should not only be people of skills, they need to be people of character.
Final speaker for WOBI New York Conference former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke speaking about… 
Gary Kasparov says "Chess is not about intelligence ,  it is about winning." 
Dan Gilbert says we always remember the negative moments of our lives and we forget the good ones easily. So true. #franciskongwobi #wbfny
Dan Gilbert says we always remember the negative moments of our lives &amp; forget the good ones easily. So true. #franciskongwobi #wbfny
But in a world that is full of geopolitical uncertainties,  you should focus on resilience and stabilization.
Ian Bremmer says: in a world that is certain.  You focus on growth.
Second day of WOBI Conference at Radio Music Hall New York. 
 #franciskongwobi #wbfny
Happy to have dinner with New Yorker Parsons student Jill Lao. 
Linda Rottenberg says: Leaders today need to be less super and more human. #franciskongwobi
Philippe Starck says: "To like everything disruptive is the new trend." #franciskongwobi
Lunch Break.  
Radio City Music Hall New York
Session resumes 2PM. 
Malcolm Gladwell says in our interview that we should never be afraid of being wrong and being corrected. 
Malcolm Gladwell says in our interview that we should never be afraid of being wrong and being… 
Highlights. 
Highlights of Sir Ken Robinson lecture on creativity 16 minutes ago.
Highlights of Sir Ken Robinson lecture on creativity. #franciskongwobi 
Every resume is different because every person is different. #franciskongwobi 
Creativity is a habit says Sir Ken Robinson. 
Creativity is a habit says Sir Ken Robinson. 
Stage is ready for the conference.  World of Business Ideas at Radio City Music Hall.  My 3rd time to attend this.  #franciskongwobi
Stage is ready for the conference.  World of Business Ideas at Radio City Music Hall.  My 3rd time to… 
Registration starts early. Everybody Excited with the conference.  First speaker is Sir Ken Robinson… 
Though they fight hard for the truth and may be pressured in the process, they can sleep at night and carry peace in their hearts.
I have noticed one thing: That truthful people are cuter....they have less stress! :)
Telling the truth prevents the stress of always having to remember what you said the last time.
You cannot manage what you do not measure.
I bring my exercise geat when I travel. Cannot afford Not to exercise.
Being healthy begins with monitoring our weight on a regular basis. This is a basic management rule.
Somebody says: "The most frightening horror tales are those told by bathroom scales."
And if life is a race, it must be finished! May I add... Finish well!
If life is a battle, it must be won. If life is a pilgrimage, it must be concluded.
Select your own metaphor but the necessity of finishing is all the same. If life is a journey, it must be completed.
Nice note sent me: Life is described in 4 ways: A journey, a battle, a pilgrimage, and a race.
A long trip. A long line in immigration and a cold windy night but the Ilocana keeps me warm.  Getting… 
We cannot decide when or where we will die, but we certainly can decide how we will live. 
Make every moment matter!
Somebody says: "Death is the last chapter of time but the first chapter of eternity."
@chris_tiu Thanks Chris. Will do my best. God bless you.
Ben Bernanke &amp; others and this will be a treat. Will try to cover the entire event. I will post lessons and learnings if you are interested.
Can't wait to learn from speakers like: Ken Robinson, Malcolm Gladwell, Simon Sinek, Philippe Starck, Garry Kasparov....
I will be attending the World Business Forum in New York and I know it will be beneficial for my own personal growth and study.
Had a wonderful time with the parents association of Sacred Heart School Hills de Jesus, Cebu. 
Learn and share. There is no such thing as an unimportant day.

And then attend this very important conference in New York next week and learn new things.
Excited to be with the parents of Sacred Heart School in Cebu this morning.
Even if we failed we need to humble ourselves and learn from it.  This is called "tuition."
Experience is a valuable but strict teacher. It lets you go through the test first before explaining it.
Had a great time with the 220 participants in this morning's learning session here at Cagayan de Oro.… 
The business world is accustomed to dealing with people who exude confidence as well as those who demostrate initiative.
You need to network in order to get work.
Develop people skills. Extreme shyness will be an obstruction towards success.
Am back in Cagayan de Oro for 2 speaking engagements.  The people here are really nice.
Awaiting flight for Cagayan de Oro.  Love to be with the lovely people of STEAG This afternoon.
Very hard working service staff of Le Jardin.  Great service and great food too. 
This is why it is important to remember that men look at the externals but God sees the heart.
WilliamBlake says: "A truth that's told with bad intent, Beats all the lies you can invent.”
Truth is powerful and truth is important however truth can also be wrongly used.
Long-range goals are to keep us from being frustrated by short-range failures.
Set long range goals for the spiritual life, family &amp; business or career.
YOLO is a very poor way of facing life's challenges.
"You only live once" may not prepare you for the eventuality of life's challenges.
Not wanting to give and share is real poverty.
When we give cheerfully it is no that we are giving up something, it is in response to God's command &amp; in doing so we are blessed in return.
Be a giver and not a taker. Happiness is in the sharing and not in the receiving.
There is nothing wrong with Mondays….maybe you just do not like your job. :)
Treat Mondays as exciting beginnings for new opportunities.
I learned the beautiful lessons this morning from Dr. Peter Tanchi.
We need to pray &amp; ask for God's wisdom to carry us through.
The 2 most vulnerable moments in your life and mine are:
When everything is doing &amp; going well. 
When everything is doing and going vs. you.
And this is why meal time with kids should not be “sermon” time but fun time. Create pleasant memories.
Businessmen conduct meetings during lunch because meal time is a time when food taken creates a little bit of pleasure and happiness.
Touch the heart of your kids daily.
On our own, we simply cannot be good apart from God's grace and forgiveness. Good to reflect on this as we go to church tomorrow.
"No one knows how bad he is til he has tried very hard to be good." Says C.S. Lewis. This is why we need to be gracious.
The work is done and I fly back to be in the company of the people I love
3. And that in all of these "inconveniences," life is great and God is good.
I love the city and I love the people and until the roads are widened and traffic imprioves, you need a more time to go to your place.
2. It really takes a long time to travel from the new airport to the city in Cagayan de Oro.
1. Cambodia has a rule. You have to spend at least one day and night. They would not allow fly in and fly out on the same day.
I have learned so many things this week and I need to share some of them with you.
The only thing that brings us from our good intentions to the fulfilment of it is discipline. Nothing else. Will discuss this on Monday.
Just landed.  From Cambodia.  Preparing to fly to CDO and do another talk there.
When God changes the heart of the person even the attitude can be changed. Trust me. First hand… 
The fun Filipino delegation to the conference here in Sofitel Angkor Wat ,  Cambodia.  
And now… 
Lacking sleep but never lacking in smiles at Ho Chi Minh Airport  awaiting flight for Cambodia. 
The work is hard but fulfilling, pleasant because my daughter travels with me. Makes all the difference.
This is the world we live in today. Mobility in a world where everything is inter-connected.
Rushing to the airport - speak this afternoon in Cambodia. Rush home tonight so to  make it to CDO tomorrow &amp; speak for a client’s event.
These two days are amazing.  The 105 participants of my Level Up Leadership training are wonderful.… 
My kid's favorite buchi and now they are my favorite too. 
I have decided do another one by December.  This will be announced soon. Thank you for your kind understanding.
I am not happy when so many would like to attend but could not be accommodated.
My sincerest apologies to the many who were not able to register for my event on Monday.
Just make sure you act with courtesy and really listen to what people are saying. This will constitute respect.
Some people are not really rude or discourteous, perhaps they are just busy so chill!
See you there we'll have a good time learning from one another.
God bless you!
But do come as many would like to but couldn't anymore due to limited seats.  I hope you would not waste the registration.
Registration for Monday's Event is now officially closed.
800 people registered in less than an hour.
Thank you for those who registered.
Here it is. Please register

 
Seats are limited so they will be on first come first serve basis only. Make sure you register through this link.
 
A promise is a promise!
I will give a half day talk for free and this offer goes out to my friends who would be the first to register.
@VRamsire
@InvescoUS
I am so excited to meet the biggest gathering of participants in today's Level Up Leadership event. So much to learn from them.
Admission of mistake increases a leader's credibility. Blame takes away from it.
Don't run away from challenges,  go through it and learn from it while carry in a pleasant disposition.
It has been said that trials and adversities are inevitable but misery is optional.
Young students backstage preparing me for my talk this morning. 
Had a great two - our talk with the bright students of UP Los Banos. Made my long trip all worthwhile. 
Back stage with the young students of UPLB.  Preparing foe my talk. 
Eliminate activities that do not add value to your success goals this week. See the difference it will make.
Productivity is not addition but elimination of the tasks that do not matter.
If you want to be productive, do not try to do everything but make sure you do only the right things.
Rebecca Lee has been so gracious as she interviewed me and wrote an article about it. Enjoy!

....and getting prepared for what may be the busiest week for me this week..... I love my job! God gave it to me.
Braved the storm but everyone arrived there safely. Super tired but extremely happy...
Back from Baguio. Somewhere around 175 couples attended the CCF Executive Marriage Retreat.
@NikkiBautistaa Thank you so much Nikki.
Today is a beautiful day. Bring your family to church. Make today AWESOME ....not just for you but for them.
No one in his dying bed would ever say: "I wish I had spent more time with my gadgets..." :)
There are those who profit by their experiences; there are many others who never recovered from them.
It is amazing to know that some people are made better because of their experiences, others become bitter because of them.
Experiences have provided me lessons I can share with others.
When I speak on business, parenting or marriage most of what I present are based on experiences.
There is no use cursing and it is always better to pray. God is gracious and I should be thankful.
But here is the one important thing I have learned in life: “Let gratitude be my default emotions.”
The weather’s grey, the traffic may be heavy.  I need to travel to Baguio for a marriage conference and I find land travel difficult.
Greetings to PMAP. 
And congratulations to the team of Inspire led by GM Binky. Very nice booth you have. 
You might want to spend less time with games and spend more time with your family this weekend.
No one in his dying bed would ever say: "I wish I had spent more time with my gadgets."
High tech is fascinating but high touch should not be neglected.
Always seeking man's approval limits one's potential for greatness. I love this material taken from Pinterest. 
If you want to test a man/woman, give the person prosperity. If you want to see his character look at what he or... 
Had a great time doing an afternoon leadership training with the leaders of a top company in the… 
or simply say: "I thank you for the good work you're doing in order to make my day better."Guess what? You do this you actually feel better.
Smile at the guards, buy your messengers, drivers or janitors a cup of coffee or something......
There is no better test of character than the way a person treats the last, the least and the lost.(anon)
Do something kind today.
A person exhibits greatness by the way he or she treats little people.
For those who step on others, it's good to know that the same people they step on as they go up the ladder may kick them on their way down.
If you meet people who are rude and disrespectful, always remember that you do not have to behave the same way in order to get even.
Do you really have to? How is your budget? Have you paid off your debt? Think about this before you go out to buy.
Upgrade means you have something that is working but you go out and get yourself another one coz it is newer and it’s got more features.
This is called: "UPGRADE." And ruin our budget saved for the more important things.
Be careful because our appetite for stuff grows. Some times we do strange things. We want more even though we have.
So be watchful and ever be so willing to learn new things. That skill might just be there waiting for you to explore.
You need to do all things w/ excellence because you might be1skill away from crucial point that propels you to the very top of your career.
I had a wonderful time doing a whole day training on Excellence with the leaders of a Power Plant here in Cagayan de Oro.
We may be good with the peripherals but unless we fix the root cause, the problem will not go away.
Many people are brilliant with providing temporary measures for permanent problems. (remedyo) That is not a good thing.
With my friends Carol and Coy.  They are ever so nice and  helpful.  
I have an idea.  Would it not be… 
Stephen Gaines:“Being in a long marriage is s like that nice cup of coffee every morning,I might have it every day,but I still enjoy it.”
It is not true that there are no good marriages anymore.Bad marriages get the headlines.There are many couples that are happy and fulfilled.
What we have discovered is that marriage is a set of two defective individuals who continue to forgive each other as God has forgiven them.
The Ilocana and I have been married for many years and we are always together. Today is a special day for us.
Some people are just so creative with ideas. Look at this. :) 
Had a great time with the students this afternoon. 
Getting ready to speak to an expected 900 students in University of Makati this afternoon organized by Elevate. My thanks to the organizers.
Entertainment alone makes them dumb and dumber. You won't be able to afford that believe me.
When it comes to parenting, always think educating them and not entertaining them. Education prepares them for a good future.
Had a great whole-day-training with the wonderful leaders of Rustans. 
look at the eyes of the person, really listen to what the person is saying.It's not only important to you it makes the person feel valued.
making you feel like you are not important. I am guilty of this and I do this to my kids too. I need to drop what I am doing,
Or they may be there but they are not there. While they are speaking to you their fingers are texting away or banging on their keyboards....
Many leaders claim that they have an open-door policy. Sure their doors are open but they are not in there.
Different kinds of broken systems 
A whole day of fun and learning with the leaders and business owners in Tagum.  Can't wait to go back… 
Ego is very dangerous. It creates blind spots that sets up a person for failure and destruction. 
There is a difference between: "I can get this right versus I can do no wrong.”
One shows competence while the other one shows ego.
Always be prepared!  With the Senior / Cadet and Chief Girl South Medalists of Davao del Norte… 
Nice place to stay when in Tagum. Big 8 Corporate Hotel 
Excited to do a whole day seminar here in Tagum. Meet people and make new friends. 
Stop trying to be successful,start training to be successful &amp; have the humility of heart to admit mistakes, be corrected and then move on.
One executive says,"I hear people say,"but I am really trying when reality is the person's not really trying, he or she is only whining."
New addition to the family,  presenting Mr. Clive Staples. My kids love him. 
Time to recommend a good book. And this one is on creativity. Love it! 
And then I had a wonderful time talking about parenting and money management with these wonderful… 
I had a great time early this morning with the wonderful HR people and my special thanks go to Beth… 
I finally realised that growth's my personal business,not my company’s business.I grow first and then I can help my company grow.”Slam Dunk!
Reminds me of a one participant who said: “Sir Francis,I used to resign from different companies because I feel like I am no longer growing.
I am excitedly looking forward to the two-day leadership training seminar I will be doing on the 23-24th.
What will I get?" The clerk eyed her suspiciously &amp; replied, "Probably a life sentence.” Check you heart motives. :)
During the discussion she asked, "Suppose I take the life insurance for my husband today for a million dollars, &amp; tomorrow he dies?
Mary was discussing the various aspects and possible outcome of an insurance policy with the clerk at the insurance agency.
Here is a funny story just to cheer you up and prepare you for work tomorrow.
C. The best who change themselves.
The best is the person who is changed into the image and likeness of Christ.
It has been said that there are 3 types of positive people:
A. The good who change others.
B. The better who change the system.
The Ilocana and I had a great time,  learned many leadership lessons from basketball legend Lim Eng… 
We need to teach them love of God, country, service, self-discipline, honor, integrity,obedience,faithfulness, these are things that matter.
n 1997, fame was the 15th goal for 9-11 year olds. By 2007 it had moved to #1. We need to teach your kids that keeping up doesn't matter.
I came across a survey that is very revealing: (problem is I could not locate the source)...anyways...
I
The person with experience will walk away w/ money &amp; the person w/ only money &amp; no experience will have no money but lots of new experience.
A person w/ no experience but have lots of money teaming up w/ a person w/ lots of experience but no money will find themselves one day.....
It is a clear that they DO NOT want to listen. And thus they learn by nobody's experience.
I know of people who constantly say….”I know…I know….” If they do not even allow others to finish their sentence then how could they know?
"A wise man learns by the experiences of others. An ordinary man learns by his own experience. A fool learns by nobody's experience.”
My thanks to many who have registered for this favorite leadership program I am presenting.Getting a bigger ballroom. 
Always good to know how to manage and master moods and emotions. #franciskong
Most of the experiences I had where my regrets lie stem from the decisions I made when I was angry &amp; at the height of my emotional moment.
There were times when I was embarrassed because of the mistakes I made but these were good lessons I learned that made me improve.
Some experiences costly others not but we should let our experiences both good &amp; bad become lessons that would help us make good decisions.
There are no free scholarships or free tuition when it comes to experience, you and I always pay.
I get wisdom,  experience and advice plus prayers from these wonderful men who are happy to share… 
Learn from the examples and experiences of others. Many people commit mistakes by feeling alone and not thinking at all.
Here is a very important advice. Follow your heart but do not forget to bring your brains with you.
Wasting time and refusing to admit mistakes and learn from them will lead to a life of pain and failures.
Each moment is a resource, each experience is a lesson so we need to use time well and learn lessons diligently.
Time is not an enemy, growing old is not a threat.Time brings life experiences while age shows us how we've done &amp; how far we've gone.
We remember the virtuous and the humble well. The egoistic, people love to forget them.
Ego builds walls. Humility builds bridges. Look at the examples of successful but humble people, they build legacies.
When we refuse corrections or fail to learn from sermons, we later are forced to learn from experience.
But the wisdom of the past will teach you. The experience of others will speak to you. (Job 8:8-10)
Read the history books and see--for we were born but yesterday and know so little; our days here on earth are as transient as shadows.
"You don’t need to be perfect to inspire others. Let people get inspired by how you deal with your imperfections." (anon)
I had one of the biggest laughs of my life while meeting these two young people in their early… 
These lovely ladies are so pleasant and well trained in delivering excellent customer service.… 
4. And when they have their own families, to pass on the same lessons I have taught them to their own children.
Be willing to suffer a loss but never be willing to take advantage over others.
Their reputation would be vital for their future business or career success. 
3. Work hard and never cheat.
The most important lessons I have taught my own kids are: 
1. Love God put Him first. 
2. Always be faithful, honest and protect their name
This is why we need to lead and guide our children towards creating their own success paths built and grounded on godly principles.
Success is not genetics. It is a result of effort and process.
Here is a personal favorite program of mine. 
I love to run this program. Hope to see you there. 
Just posted a photo @ PLDT TelTech Innolab, Dansalan, Mandaluyong 
Ideas come when the mind is on a relaxed mode or when one is doing something else apart from the very thing that the person wants to do.
It is very rare to come up with a good idea by squeezing the brains and forcing the thought to come up with something creative.
Be creative. Be daring (in the right way) and Be excellent. 
Respond. Do not react. And this applies to our kids as well.
am a public speaker and trust me when I say this:
Speak when you are angry and it will be a speech you will regret.
We will begin to know more when we have realised that we have not known enough. This is the empty cup syndrome. Expand the cup.
Growth is a journey not a destination. Success has no finish line.
Hannah is now making a name for herself and her works are really.......awesome! 
(opinions from an obviously biased father....)
It was painfully expensive but now I see the fruit of that decision. 
3 years ago I supported my daughter Hannah's decision to go to Paris to study fashion. 
They never learned and evaluated their past experiences. They never learned the lesson. Always learn from your experience.
Experience is not the best teacher. Only EVALUATED experience is the best teacher.There have been people who still commit the same mistakes
Please fill in the blank: Experience is the best___________(you probably say teacher?) This is not true.
Enjoyed the morning meeting with the country's top Sales and Service gurus Ed Patron and Merril Yu… 
It’s cool to be courteous!
Courtesy should be in the work place. Courtesy should be in the way we drive our vehicles and most specially in the way we treat each other.
I love the smiles of people who would say “Thank You” when I offer them my seat. They are often quite surprised by it.
Some feel courtesy is a man offering his seat to a woman after he gets off the bus. This should not be the case.
Many of the men are married yet they are still influenced by their friends. Maturity is important for marriage to work.
Here is something painfully true. Friends are very powerful with their influence.
One of my favorite eating places.  The one of Shinji and his partner Bryan Kong (my son) named Crazy… 
This is why we need to be productive in the sense of service to others and not to seek personal pleasure at the expense of others.
All the mischief of the world is done by one thing; the inability to remain at rest within one’s own room." says BLAISE PASCAL.
We need to teach children godly values. The world always teach something else.
But, there is a Higher Power. Can anybody tell me what it is?"
One child blurted out, "Aces!”
A Sunday school teacher said to the children, "We have been learning how powerful kings and queens were in Bible times.......
To spend the days in positive and pleasant interaction with our loved ones. To seek God and know Him more.
It is a restoration of both the body and the soul. To keep still from the hurried life.
Do not fail to use these two days as opportunity to catch up with rest and sleep. Believe me, it is not a waste of time.
Humility is the showcase and this enables the person to enjoy life and love others.
The person who is committed to God lives a life of daily repentance. Not only that, He or she shows fruits of repentance as well.
What a warm welcome for me and my family.  Love the mangoosteen. @ Bacolod-City of Smiles! :-) 
And many harms would have been avoided should one control the mouth and the words before letting it go. Chill!
With very few exceptions, verbal violence precedes physical violence.
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind. This applies to parenting as well.
Excited to meet the parents at University of St. La Salle Bacolod  tomorrow. A blessing to have so many friends in this lovely city.
Make sure you are the carrier and spread it around because a healthy attitude is contagious.#franciskong
Be a carrier of a healthy attitude today. Don’t wait to catch it from others. #franciskong
Simple yet profound. 
The advantage of experience is that it equips you with the basis for right thinking that makes you see the mistake before you dive into it.
Every time you learn something through the school of experience a new course opens itself to you.
Take it, evaluate it and learn some more.
And they keep on improving in order to be at the head of the pack. #franciskong
Successful people don’t because who they are, their excellence and competence have already been proven.
There are people who have to continuously prove they are somebody. This is tiring for them, and others.
True lasting and and sustainable success always involve a process, not an event. #franciskong
Do the small things faithfully and the small and the few when accumulated over time will lead to the big and the much.
Open your eyes for opportunities but do not be constantly in search for the next big thing.
You may want to take a look at the video. These kids have learned how to make a difference in the world.  

I had a great time in Cambodia giving a talk to a gathering of International University Scholars gathered from all over the world.
Enjoyed the two day leadership training with the wonderful leaders of S&amp;R and learned so much from them. 
And do not be the one to steal the joy of others too. Learn to live in peace and share that peace with others. #franciskong
But here is a very important reminder: Do not allow others to steal the joy of your life.
Perhaps you were not clear, perhaps people do not get you.Chill.Things like these happen. Respect other people's opinions and disagreements.
So watch what you say, be careful with what you eat, do exercise &amp; perform brilliantly.Read books,seek knowledge.Keep on learning &amp; growing.
From our good intentions to the desired accomplishment of our success goals, there's no other way but through the path of discipline.
To be humble when I know I am right and to be gracious to accept corrections. I finally realise that this is called “character formation."
Tomorrow when I go to work, I may be right and I may be wrong about certain things. The important thing is I should be kind. #franciskong
You and I preach a better sermon with our life than with our lips. When the two contradict then there is hypocrisy. Blessed Sunday!
but this is best time for me to practice the discipline of waiting and managing the hurried life. Learning events like these are important.
Totally tired. Delayed flight home. Still in Davao airport awaiting aircraft...
Enjoyed my time w/ the dynamic sales people here in Davao.Moments like these are short &amp;  precious &amp; will stay in my memory for a long time.
Relationships matter. Invest in your family and invest in them heavily. #franciskong
A person is really poor when he or she could not enjoy the simple things in life. Not everything that carries a price tag delivers joy.
Tomorrow I get the opportunity to speak to sales people gathered in Davao. Can't wait to meet them.
My joys are simple. Love learning and sharing ideas to people all over the place.
Keep calm today. It's payday. Don't be enticed by the things you don't need begging you to buy. Simplify. Save. Rainy days always come.
Respect is key. There will be disagreements on ideas but there should be respect on the person. This is maturity and this is professionalism
Laurence Sterne says: "Respect for ourselves guides our morals; respect for others guides our manners."
Did a lunch talk with the lovely doctors of Makati Medical Center. Enjoyed my time with them. @ Makati… 
but Nobody realized that Everybody wouldn't do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody when Nobody did what Anybody could have done!
Somebody got angry about this, bcoz it was Everybody's job.Everybody thought Anybody could do it,
There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did.
Here is an old material. A genius came up with this.
This is a story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody and Nobody.
There will always be soul issues that are inescapable. Every person has to face these issues.
There is a finality to life and each person -underneath the exterior of worldly successes and appearances, has his or her own inner battles.
So sad because one of my favorite actors &amp; comedians Robin Williams is gone.He's made people laugh and he has made people cry w/ his movies.
Others may not have the titles but they are respected, listened to and they are highly influential. Go for influence and not just positions.
Influence is something you think you have until you try to use it.Many managers have positions but true influence on their people's weak.
And to remind myself never to shoot the messenger of the news. Always be approachable
As a leader I would rather be informed than to be surprised even when the news is not good.
Had a great time with the leaders of Philippine Business for Social Progress this morning. @ San… 
I have 3 talks today all the way till this evening. I intend to be remarkable not only for the sake of my clients but for myself as well.
Remarkable simply means something that is worthy to remark on. Do Good. Be Good. Improve and Deliver.
Today is the start of a brand new working week.
Here is what I would like you to do. Decide to be REMARKABLE!
It isn't how high in life we go that counts but how we got there. 
Other people see our deeds. God sees our motives.  Guard the heart.
These are the students of La Salle Benilde with me know this afternoon. 
Did not forget to take photos of dessert this time. @ Carpaccio Ristorante Italiano 
Food here in Carpaccio is so good I forgot to take pictures before I consumed them. Maybe it's because… 
Write someone a letter &amp; do not forget to express your love.Your heart may mean it but your loved ones cannot see it.They need to hear it.
Today is a good day. Do not waste it. Read a good book. Call an old time friend.
I have been in this situation many times. This has been true for me. Hope you like it. 
Remember the words"in sickness or in health."&amp; what about those words...."Yes I want to work hard and grow with the company." Words matter.
It is so hard to match words and actions but to match it we must.This is how credibility is built &amp; this is how relationships are nurtured.
Our words can easily betray our thoughts but our actions can readily reveal them.
Most people spend half of their lives recovering from the effects of the other half.  This is what I shared with the kids yesterday.
It is a long wait for our flight back to Manila.  All 8 and a half hours of it in the new KL airport.… 
Long wait for flight back home here in KL airport.
A word that is getting smaller as technology connect us all. @ Phnom Penh - Cambodia 
Like it or not.  English is still the official business language even for these young delegates. @… 
Anyone can smile in any language.  Loved meeting these young future world leaders. @ Phnom Penh -… 
Hundreds of University Scholars from all over the world dreaming,  planning and wanting to arrive at… 
Filipinos are always bubbly and vibrant.  Having fun with the Philippine delegation attending the… 
Learn to disagree agreeably. These are marks of a true professional.
Be inspiring. Be encouraging. Do not constantly mock, criticize and attack the people whose opinion you do not accept.
Today I fly to Cambodia on a speaking assignment.I'll tell of  many good things in our country.An expression I wear because it's important.
Go to work today with a pleasant disposition. It makes a lot of positive difference.
Somebody says: "Of all things you wear, your expression is the most important.” I believe that.
but they certainly believe 100% they see me do. Always a challenge but should always be consistent in order to be credible.
My people in the work place and my children at home behave the same way. They may not believe 100% what I say
"I know..." "Been there done that..."
There is always something to learn from and something to improve on.
It is difficult for a person to improve when he or she has no other model but themselves to copy. Refrain from saying, "Alam ko na yan..."
Tomorrow is the start of a brand new working week. Look forward to it with excitement and joy. Do awesome work.That's a choice. #franciskong
Get your things ready for tomorrow so there is no need to rush.
Cool down and prepare for a good night's sleep. #franciskong
There is always a homing device installed within the soul that seeks out to connect with his or her Creator. Have a blessed Sunday!
Do not be rich with goods but poor with God. 
Goods alone can never satisfy the longings of the heart.
Had a great time doing a whole day training this beautiful Saturday with the wonderful leaders of a… 
Just think about this. Many old people wish they could come back as a younger person. If this is your wish, just be reminded of algebra.
Had a great day doing training with the wonderful leaders of Eagle Cement.  Enjoyed every minute of it. 
This is how powerful excellent customer service does.The word gets spread around.
Friends that are also virtual. This means friends of friends of their friends multiplied through the digital social platform.
If the answer is yes, then they will walk out of the place becoming raving fans. And they will tell their friends.
The most crucial question every customer wants to ask the business is: “Does this business really cares about me?”
It's the start of a wonderful month. Look forward to being productive &amp; happy beginning with today. Be wonderful and awesome. It's a choice!
I'm not a theologian but I think God does not like people who grumble all the time.Thankfulness is always a better alternative. #franciskong
I love the person who said: "Don’t grumble because you don't have what you want--be thankful you don't get what you deserve."
I learned something from my daughter Rachel. 
She says: "A moment on your lips forever on your hips.” :) It helps!
Do you like ice cream?
I love ice cream but I need to discipline myself or else I will have too much of it.
Today - Do something kind to someone who is often ignored. 
Fresh and vibrant even at 2AM. Great time of learning.  Enjoyed the group. 
Some are talented/gifted, but these are no guarantees they can succeed in life unless they have maturity as well. Is…
Looking forward to be with the students soon 
Second session for the day and the guys are equally dynamic and wonderful.  And now I look forward to… 
Had a great time with the young guys this morning.  The next session with another batch will start in… 
Don't quit. Don't let yesterday’s shortfall affect this day’s potential. Today's another chance and it offers another opportunity.
When the day is over and you have not reached your goal, that is not failure, it simply means you bounce back to fight another day.
In the morning I need to ask myself: What good shall I do this day?
In the evening, I need to ask: What good have I done this day?
Intelligent people are curious people. Curiosity is a sign of a creative and vibrant mind.
Never stop asking questions. Never stop being curious. You may not have all the answers but keep on inquiring and keep on asking.
Excited to be with the doctors tonight here in Cebu City.  Love the place.
Let your excellent performance be your signature that gathers worth and value over time. #franciskong
Do not be obsessed with wanting to get the credit for what you do.#franciskong
Saying little and performing much are evidences and characteristics of a great mind.
A blessing is always a test on one's character.
I love the wise person who says: "You can't pray on your knees on Sunday and prey on your friends the rest of the week."
When God uses the person, that person becomes more selfless and humble. This is responsibility.
When God gives us opportunities, we have to handle it with great responsibility. Every blessing is a test and every test is a blessing.
these are the ones that are honest.And then there are those who use God for their own purposes. Be wary of these people. They're not honest
There are 2 kinds of people when it comes to relationships with God. Those who are used by God for His purpose;
The way you spend your time &amp; the way you spend money indicates the quality or the lack of it in the life you live.Be wise in handling both.
Your checkbook (where you spend your money) tells what your priorities are. Your calendar tells how you spend your life. #franciskong
When one learns to celebrate other's success, then maturity is displayed. we need to guard our own hearts against jealousy.
The most difficult test of the human heart is to hear of an enemy's success without becoming jealous.
You may want to nominate families who inspire you because of their advocacy to help their fellowmen in need. #SarapMagingPilipino
Awards like these are definitely better and more meaningful as the importance of family values are promoted.
Many families have been nominated for the #JBFamilyValuesAwards! I sat as one of their judges last year and love the project.
Had a wonderful time with the young leaders of a leading shared services company in the Philippines… 
I love my work because it not longer is. There is no such thing as an unimportant day! #franciskong
Getting ready to speak to the young people in a leading BPO industry.Love their energy and excited to share life values and ideas with them.
To rerun love for hate 
To include the excluded 
To forgive without need for apology 
To be able to say,"I was wrong!'
God's Grace needed!
Time for me to share what was shared to me by a friend.Great Stuff! The 4 hardest tasks are neither intellectual nor physical but spiritual:
One whole day training passes by so quickly when you are having fun with the wonderful and dynamic… 
The lovely ladies attending the dedication of Dr.  Cynthia Quismundo new clinic. 
To the takers money is their master.” I have seen people compromise on their ethics and values because they serve this terrible master.
Somebody said "To the wise money is a wonderful tool. To the greedy money is a lethal drug. To the givers money is a blessing.
God has not commanded us to go on a mission to please people all the time.Do what is right,respect others even if others do not approve.
It can be addictive. And it can render a person unproductive. God has commanded us to love,
If you are constantly seeking for people's approval then you may not be functioning at your full potential.  Approval is like a drug.
Sometimes what we know limits what we can imagine. Do not presume to be an expert. Always have a beginner's mind. Have a beginner's mind.
Always have a beginner's mind.  This is how we learn and this is the secret of creative people.
Sometimes what we know limits what we can imagine. Do not presume to be an expert.
Dishonest people want to be noticed but they do not want to be watched. So hard to deal with people like these. #franciskong
Honest people love the light and they crave transparency. Dishonest people loves secrecy. They say one thing and then do another.
Still bright,  attentive and excited to learn at 2AM. Love the group. 
I had a great time speaking to these young and wonderful people on the topic of Personal Excellence… 
Do not participate. Always remember that those who can tell you about others will tell others about you. #franciskong
Remind yourself you are standing on higher moral grounds. And then there are those who would want to spend their time gossiping.
There are bosses who are inspiring and then there are those who are not. Respect them anyway.
Do your best and be your best because you are a professional and you are setting yourself up for a higher goal.
and some bosses will still behave like jerks. Never allow them to dictate your behavior and decide your outcome.
As you go back to work tomorrow remember this: Whiners will whine. Haters will hate. Slackers will still be lazy ....
Do not expect God to one day say, "Well done, you've left so many things behind.” :)  Enjoy your Sunday!
The way our work and our businesses shape our character is more important than the material blessings we derive from it.
The blessing of work and being productive is what gives you joy. But there is something important we need to remember:
Work hard. Provide for your family. Be productive because you know your life matters.
God often entrusts us with a little to see what we could do with our lot. We just need to be real.
Somebody says: "It is hard to sell a product you do not use and a religion you do not live."
These can never be repeated. Make it a point today to call up, write or simply go out with an old friend. This is good for the soul.
We need to renew friendships and hold them dear.These old time friends of ours are those who have created history,moments and memories w/us.
I met an old friend yesterday. A person I did business many years ago. And then a thought hit me. We know many but only have few friends.
Thank God you were the one offended and not the one who offends.
A grudge is too heavy a load to carry. A lot of people get sick or make wrong decisions carrying it. Trust me. It is not worth it.
Grow your leaders and they grow your business for you. 
Many unskilled leaders tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves. Do you agree with this observation?  #franciskong

Even those who dislike you to the point of falsely accusing you of sins you did not commit. Learn to deal with them and this makes you grow.
One of the things we have to learn in life is how to deal with opposition.  #franciskong
There are cancellations, postponements. These are all life's detours but we continue on and live it to the fullest. God is still in control.
Power came back to us 4:35AM. And now I leave for Cebu and can't wait to speak and make new friends there.
A whole day without electricity yesterday. But it was a whole day for me to go through a digital diet.
Pray that people are safe and needs be met. And yet in the midst of this, I am reminded: "In all things, give thanks."
Speaking engagement cancelled. Flight schedules disrupted. Power outage. These things remind us that we are not in control.
This simple material from Pinterest isn't so simple at all. It is quite profound. Hope you find it useful. 
Having fun learning and sharing ideas even up to 2am this morning. I enjoy doing this. 
The capacity to focus, the virtue of patience and the skill of waiting are key elements towards discipline that leads to success.
Process these things with your mind but be honest with your heart.
Are you easily bored or have you failed in your capacity to focus?  Are you really hyper-active or are you merely impatient? #franciskong
Nominate families like them in the #JBFamilyValuesAwards. 
Last year I had the privilege of sitting as one of the judges for the Jollibee Family Values Awards.
I always look forward to doing this. Hard work but very fulfilling. 
I had a great afternoon with the young people from the BPO industry.  Will do another one tonight that… 
Do not react. Make RESPONDING be the default mode this week. See how it fares agains just plain reacting. #franciskong
Your work mates took advantage of you. RESPOND. Do not react. You have expectations and your spouse or kids failed to deliver. RESPOND.
Time to apply what is learned yesterday: You've been reprimanded, corrected perhaps even offended by your boss? - RESPOND. Do not react.
But I look at this not as work but as a blessing and an opportunity to exercise my creativity. You should too. #franciskong
This will be a long week for me as each day is filled with training and speaking engagements. I love it! #franciskong
You pay a higher price and it will cost you more if you do not want to take creative risks and prefer to maintain the “average” status.
Never be afraid that people would criticise you for having "poor taste" in your creative endeavours. #franciskong
I learn life and business lessons from these gentlemen constantly.  Always seek counsel from the wise… 
Great lesson I learned in church this morning. Always respond and do not react. Never allow others to rob you of the joy of life and living.
There are 4-letter words that we should teach them and they are the following: Duty, Save, Earn, Work, Give and Love. #franciskong
I cannot understand why certain parents allow their kids to use four-letter words cussing and cursing in their conversation.
Before losing the temper, perhaps we need to pause and consider whether our expectations are realistic and have been properly communicated.
Unrealistic expectations cause conflicts in relationships.  Anger is essentially unfulfilled expectations. #franciskong
Seek education. Not entertainment. An educated mind and not an entertained mind accomplishes much. #franciskong
This will make people dumb and dumber once they get sucked into it and fail to use the same devices as vehicles for knowledge building.
Smart phones. Tablets and other digital devices have provided perpetual entertainment.
This will make every place you visit come alive as you learn about its heritage and history. Be a student of culture.
The best way to learn is to travel but do not shop all the time! :)  Visit museums, learn about the country. #franciskong
This will be the destination of my yearly study sabbatical. Hope to see friends here. #WBFNY 
Drink plenty of water and do a little exercise during breaks.  Somebody says, "You are what you eat." You might become French Fries one day.
Watch what you eat. Do not cultivate the habit of munching on junk food while working. #franciskong
If you work very hard on yourself, nobody sees it. But when good results come in they'll marvel at how easy it is for you to do what you do.
Do not constantly strive to draw attention to what you do or how hard you work. Just perform your best but work harder on yourself.
Here is a good book to consider. 
Happy to speak tonight at CCF Makati. A-Venue. 
Marcel misses Hannah and got depressed.  Has to take him in our bed. 
Missing Rachel terribly. 
Change is an act of the will but when developed into habit is what makes it last. Habits then shape the character. #franciskong
Speakers, teachers, professors and lecturers can only teach but they cannot make people learn and change. #franciskong
Motivation can only get you started but it does not last. Habits are what keeps you there. #franciskong
Miss my kids but happy to see them enjoying their summer course on apologetics @ Oxford University.The classmates too 
the child is clever....; the judgement is to be upon the parents who do not correct &amp; has prepared the child for a lifetime of misery.
When a child does something offensive or say something offensive and the parents find it cute, funny and even take pride and think....
The biggest loss is when a couple still loves each other but do not know anymore how to express it. Do not lose the romance. Work on it.
There are many successful marriages and then there are those that are rocky. There is a fundamental reason behind this.
It's not a good idea to try to impress people with what you have or what we know, better to express truth or extend service that help people
As someone who speak in public almost everyday, I have found this to be true.
Somebody says: "The more you try to impress people, the less impressed they’ll be. Nobody likes a try-hard."
Be your life's worst critic. Scrutinize your work carefully and be harsh about it. This is the way to self improvement.
Here is a challenge for all of us this start of the working week: Refuse the temptation to be nice to yourself.
Like...facing the truth perhaps? 
Getting through a difficult situation is never easy and is rarely fast. In most cases it is difficult and takes time. But God is in control.
A great evening spent with our kabayan in Dubai together with the lovely Consul General and wife. 
A pleasure to have the company of our Ambassador Grace and the vice Consul during the evening talk in… 
Gold,  gold everywhere even in the men's room.  Wonder how it feels to sit on a golden "throne." @… 
Fascinated with so much bling on a sofa cover.  Found in lobby of Fairmont Hotel Abu Dhabi 
Amazing Etihad Towers in Abu Dhabi.  Fantastic architectural feats. 
First time in my life to see a vending machine that dispenses gold.  Good thing the machine is out of… 
There are people today Who are so sensitive to correction they fight it off and label it as being "judged." This is not a good thing.
And younger people then will take over your place.
One day you will no longer be young and you will realize you have wasted opportunities in adding value to yourself.
Do not get bored easily and jump from one company to another in pursuit for higher pay alone.
Here's important advice for young people. Build skills. Build a name and a reputation in the industry. Build your character.
God is good and I am excited to meet a bigger number of our kabayan tonight in Abu Dhabi.
people were standing the whole evening yet the warmth, love and energy of the audience made the evening magical. #franciskong
I had a wonderful time with the community leaders and friends in Dubai. The place was packed, the seats were limited,
Always have the humility and honesty to admit you do not know and ask those who do to help. This is a good leadership in action.
One of the worst thing a leader can do is to pretend to know something they don’t. The constant pressure to pretend is not healthy.
Pretty chef Jana from Meriam is now chef in the world's most famous 7star hotel in Dubai and she first… 
Fringe benefit of speaking in Dubai.  Had a tour of the wonderful features of The Burj  Al Arab Luxury… 
The dynamic team of Filinvest Dubai. 
Some people produce results others provide reasons..Why they can't produce results.Easier to do a job right than to explain why you didn't.
So glad to meet friends and family of CCF Dubai. Appreciate the warmth and hospitality. 
The Ilocana and I arrived at Abu Dhabi  last night and took the shuttle to Dubai around 1:30am. @… 
When we are in isolation, even the worst ideas we have sound good and that is dangerous. Alway seek counsel from the godly and the wise.
It is easy to give advice but when you and I are in the middle of a situation, it is difficult to sort out things.
Hustle and knock. Don't waste time. And success comes your way.
At the end of the day, it is still the hustle factor. Sales is a numbers game. It’s the calls you make. It’s the visits you do. #franciskong
Here is a business tip: Fortune favours those who are hustling and not those who passive and feel entitled. #franciskong
Do not live under the shadow of someone else and trying to be somebody you are not. God has made you for your unique purpose. #franciskong
This is why you and you alone have your unique way of making a positive contribution to this world.
Your passions, your experiences, your skills are unique only  to you. Nobody else has the same combination.
These is the schedule of talks lined up for the next few days. 
Excited to be with our kabayans in Dubai and Abu dhabi. Love to meet them and listen to their stories.
I love the person who said: "You can't hide from God by missing church."
We need to seek inspiration and correction through God's Word/ fellowship and put to a stop the downward spiral. And this is why I go.
...not realizing that this situation is precisely the time and reason why one needs to. We are all weak and sinful.
When a person lives a continuos sinful lifestyle he/she finds no motivation to pray, meditate on Scriptures or go to church
Good day, long day. Applause or criticism. Today is about to close. This is what we should do everyday. 
NEVER be satisfied with being average. Let everything you do be AWESOME! #franciskong
Failure is highly expected. But if you don’t give your best in what you do, you are actually setting up yourself for failure.
God gives me the joy in my heart to enjoy what I do. Nothing beats this. Thank you all for attending the talks here in Gen. Santos city.
thank God for being so merciful;sustained me through each talk,loved the audiences &amp; prepare myself for a parenting talk tomorrow morning.
4 talks in a day. Tired but fulfilled. And now I can put my head on my pillow,......
And by the way....don't cheat on tests.... :) #franciskong
Tests apply to health, this applies to work/business and this applies to life. Welcome tests as they are opportunities for improvements.
but unless we go through tests we will not improve. And by not doing anything we will not get better.”
This is a good thing I learned from Dr. Peter Tanchi. He says: "We hate tests. Physical tests, stress tests,
What makes a #JBFamilyValuesAwards winner?Willing to give w/o expecting anything in return.If you know one such family,send your nomination.
I had the privilege of participating in last year's Family Values Awards organized by Jollibee Foundation.
5. You will have a good night's sleep and you are excited to back to work tomorrow. Do you have these? Good to think over it.
4. Your work bears fruit and others benefit from it too.
2. What you do is in alignment with your core values. 3. You stop counting the hours because you are now in the zone.
Here are the signs that you are doing very well in what you do: 1. Your work doesn't feel like work anymore. It has become a craft.
Being tardy constantly will show you to be irresponsible and unreliable and might rob you of opportunities for job promotions.
Be early. Don’t be late. I always show up early for my talks and seminars. This way I have enough time to prepare myself for my work.
Excited to speak to a gathering of international scholars in Cambodia this August. 
I will be attending this:
World Business Forum New York 2014 - Provocateurs - 
I will be speaking to an international gathering of scholars in Cambodia this August. Check this out: 
When you strengthen your strengths and the market needs it, this would make and position you a specialist as your expertise solidifies.
Never relax on your competence. Always improve your craft. Find out what you do best and do it better. #franciskong
I will be speaking to an international gathering of scholars in Cambodia this August. Take a look at this: 

Give an irresponsible person money, success or possessions and he or she quickly squanders it away. #franciskong
People who stay away from responsibility may really be staying away from success.  #franciskong
God has formed you and designed you for your unique purpose.  There is no need to compare your life with others. Live yours to the full.
As meet the challenges awaiting you, remember that you are unique, you are a one-time phenomenon in the entire history of the universe.
Excited to do the Level Up Leadership training tomorrow and Wednesday. This is a program that I really love doing. 
If you waste your day today you'll run out of opportunities tomorrow.Do your work w/excellence &amp; make the conscious decision to enjoy today.
Go to work today with this thought. Our days are finite. One day our time will run out. #franciskong
A day,an act,an incident a failure does not define you as a person.We all make mistakes but God is gracious.Get up.Learn the lessons move on
Excited for General Santos City. Do fund-raising activity for MSU. Do talk for students, city leaders &amp; parents. 
It si so nice to observe that those who are gracious are the truly happy people never the legalistic ones.#franciskong
Every life is precious in the eyes of God. Even those who reject Him. This is why grace is an important presence in our lives.
A good person loves people and use things. But there are so many who use people and love things. Many have you been charmed but used.
One of my favorite specialty food items.  Really good stuff and happy to know it's now available in… 
Living in the present keeps you focused.The past can't be changed.Live today carefully &amp; skilfully; make the most of what's in front of you.
Somebody says "You cannot move forward if your eyes are still fixed on the rear view mirror." This is so true.
Getting ready to do multiple talks in General Santos City soon, the land of fresh fish and warm people. My thanks to the organizers.
Parents should say “no we won't." And then explain the importance saving money. Use the opportunity to teach a lesson. #franciskong
If a child insists on wanting an expensive toy, rather than parents saying, “But we cannot afford it…” which would be a lie;.....
Had a very fruitful, meaningful day w/ the doctors here in Cebu City.Bought spicy lechon &amp; can't wait to enjoy it at home with the family.
Bad bosses grab credit away from the people who work the hardest and then leave his or her people unappreciated. 
So do not be discouraged easily.  Present your case very well but also be open to suggestions and criticism. #franciskong
Somebody says:  "A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn, stabbed to death by a quip, or worried to death by a frown."
This is what life is all about. There are challenges and then there are rewards. Go through the challenges and enjoy rewards later.
The excitement and delight of meeting people will far surpass the challenge of lack of sleep &amp; the inconvenience of checking in the airport.
On my way to the airport and excited to be with the HR practitioners this morning in Cagayan de Oro.
My white Chow China (8 yrs. old)  quietly passed away this morning. Whole family sad and feels a sense of loss. 
A small act of kindness leaves a big impact and may heal a hurting soul. 3franciskong
Some cope with it well, others disguise it better but every person hurts. This is why we need to be kind to everyone.
From the wealthy and the powerful to the lowly and the humble; here is my finding: Everybody is vulnerable to hurt and pains.
My white Chow China quietly passed away this morning.  Whole family sad and feels a sense of loss. 
Love to share ideas with my seminar participants and learn from them as well. This is always so enriching for me. #franciskong
Will do a leadership training this afternoon to the managers and directors of an utility company.
I may meet hundreds of people every week,my contact list may be long but I only have a few friends are are tested and true.They are precious
True friends are interested in you (period). If you have such people, hold on to them. They are rare and they are precious. #franciskong
Do you know who your true friends are? They are the same people who are not interested in your possessions, positions or accomplishments.
We do not have the right to complain when people make mistakes because they are doing the work we should be doing.#franciskong
There is a difference between delegating work or dumping work. Leaders should know the difference. #franciskong
No job is boring if we can see God's purpose in it. The job becomes a calling and not just a job. #franciskong
I start the working week by giving a parenting seminar this morning. Excited to meet the parents. #franciskong
Just as the roof of the greenhouse does not attack the sun because it is bright, but becomes bright because the sun shines on it."
"God loves us not because we are good. But that God will make us good because He loves us.....
When I see broken families restored, relationships healed, sins forgiven. This comes to mind CS Lewis.......
Many fathers messed up in their lives before but now they are all fixed up. God is the God of second chances.
So glad so many signed up. Can't wait to share ideas with the participants and learn from them too. 
I have 2 daughters and this is precisely what being a father means to me. 
Some people can't function because they're greatly affected by what people say about them or against them. This helps 
This is such a good reminder for all of us: If we cheat on our diet--we gain in the end.
But when the health fails and the savings go to medical bills, that's when regrets take place.
To be disciplined with what we eat and to do regular exercise is difficult to many.
Somebody says: "My doctor has the greatest diet of all: eat all you want, chew--but don't swallow."
but then support the decision after the meeting even if you initially disagreed. This is how conduct should be in the work place.
This is a professionalism. Attack ideas but never the person. This brings out creative ideas...
When it comes to opposing ideas, learn to be agreeable even when we disagree and that is a goal most of us have to keep working at.
I love sharing ideas with people and listening to theirs. There is no such thing as an unimportant day. #franciskong
Sales people, bankers, real estate people this week and tomorrow more than 1,000 parents will attend the Parenting Seminar I will be giving.
G.K. Chesterton says: “We do not need to get good laws to restrain bad people. We need to get good… 
With Nilo Beltran,  awarded for Gawad Genny Lopez Bayani Pilipino Awards 2014 
The Ilocana and daughter in their Swissflex frames and Essilor lenses.  Love them.  Including the… 
I have taught my kids to love, serve &amp; to be proud of it &amp; now that they're grown ups, they actually do.And it's actually more fun doing so.
We have been ordained to be at this very moment and to live in this very geographical location for a purpose. #franciskong
Today's a day to thank God for giving us this country.With all its defects, warts &amp; pimples this country is still the best place we can be.
So here is a practical advice to heed: Don't complain about growing old--some do not have this privilege. (anon) #franciskong
Many people keep on complaining that they are getting old. I refuse to do the same. I look forward to the wonderful adventure of life ahead.
They have no choice but to place you somewhere else better and thus, leads you to love your job. This is more practical. #franciskong
And then work on yourself like crazy, increase skills, pursue growth that you become over-qualified for your job and something happens..
Rather than play on the platitude: Love your job,” which is unconvincing; change the vocabulary into: “I love the fact that I have a job.”
When a person loves his job then that is God’s gift and a result of  a process. But truth is not all jobs are loveable. #franciskong
Yesterday's issue of The Philippine Star. Watch Youtube too. thanks 
If you change the world changes with you. But change has got to start from within the person. #franciskong
when I chose to make good in college and I did. This is why kids who do not do well do not mean they don't have the capability to succeed.
I hated memorisation and I never participated in recitation. In fact I flunked High School so much I hated failures and everything changed
I didn't do very well when I was in High School. I got punished a lot for daydreaming.
Pride always come when there is comparison." Pride is one of the primary reasons why there are unnecessary conflicts in the work place.
for who among us wouldn't admit that we carry this wish in our hearts.The trouble comes when we want to be richer,better looking than others
C.S. Lewis says something profound. "We always hear people say they want to be rich and good looking. This has no harm in it.....
I have to constantly ask myself this question: "How much of God is there in my day? Is God just a 10AM service once a week or is He 24/7?"
Love our new glasses.  Swissflex frames and Essilor progressive lens.  Never knew what we were missing… 
I have to constantly ask myself this question: "How much of God is there in my day? Is God just a 10AM service once a week or is He 24/7?"
There is a finality to life in this planet. This is why the greatest investment is to place it on that which is beyond.  #franciskong
Worry has caused many people to get sick and give up hope. And yet God says He takes care of the sparrows. 
Others are good with words but their actions betray their true nature. These words are so true: "By their fruits you shall know them..."
A person who is artificial will never be sacrificial.  It takes a real person to really love and care. #franciskong
He is so right. Never envy the wicked. They will have to pay their dues one day. Just keep on doing the right thing. #franciskong
Ron Edmondson says: "Don't stop doing the right thing even when the wrong thing is receiving more celebration. That party won't last."
A pessimist burns his bridges before he gets to them.  Be honest in assessing whether your "I can't" is really a disguise for "I won't."
It is always better to look at things with hope and optimism than to be negative even without taking any actions. #franciskong
If you grow then the world opens up itself and present opportunities for you. Don't stop growing. (and I don't mean body weight...) :)
If you will change then everything will change for you. Change and the whole world changes. #franciskong
Excited to do a whole day training on "Winning Attitudes"to a very select group of front-liners in a top technology companies in the country
Those who cannot control their temper will find life difficult to live and success far too challenging to attain. #franciskong
Somebody says: "An angry man is seldom reasonable; a reasonable man is seldom angry." #franciskong
Excited to do this public run this month. Hope to see you there. 
In a few moments  I rush back to Manila and catch a 4 pm talk. 
These tiny but precious moments should be appreciated and treasured.
Breakfast with The Ilocana and my daughter Rachel at Manor Hotel Baguio is a quick delight for me.
And may I add: walk towards the life that Jesus promises, a life of fullness in Him.
Thanks Vanj
Walk away from any thought that reduces your worth.The more you walk away from things that poison your soul, the happier your life will be.
Walk away' from arguments that lead you to anger and nowhere.
'Walk away' from people who deliberately put you down.
My friend Vanj Espineli Josue sent me this material that is worth sharing: A lot of 'walking away' will do your life good.
Had a great time sharing the stage with Edrich Mendoza speaking to doctors tonight in Baguio City.
A cold day here in Baguio and excited to speak to the doctors tonight.
This is why our God is the God of second chances no matter how messed up we have been. Let this be an encouragement.
The person who invented the eraser pretty understands the nature of humanity. We all make mistakes but we learn from it and move on.
Funny; these are the same people who are unhappy when their lives are built on blame and excuses. #franciskong
And then there are people who  are merely for blame and excuses and they find success hard to reach.... #franciskong
There are people who are for hard work and progress. These people are more likely to succeed.....#franciskong
...and one day you will be surprised at how much you have accomplished and how competent you have become. #franciskong
Today you will face difficulties. Go through them and learn bit by bit, piece by piece....
than gloating over easily won profits. The rungs on the ladder of success are composed of difficulties."
Vern McLellan says: "Face your problems and fight your way through them. There is more satisfaction in putting forth effort....
Who knows? One day, you just might own one.So prepare yourself for a wonderful start of another work week. Awesome is a choice. #franciskong
Business owners love Monday mornings.Employees love Friday afternoons. Now imagine yourself the owner of the business and keep up the habit.
Quit Using These 10 Words to Describe... 
C.S. Lewis is brilliant and I have seen this happen in so many cases. 
Exalting one’s self would not be a very good proposition. In fact it is a dangerous one. #franciskong
A person who is used by God does not promote himself, he merely presents himself and God does the promotion.
The man should take the lead, love &amp; honor parents but his priority will have to be the wife and his family. #franciskong
Many marriages are problematic when there are 2 women in love w/ the same man; the wife &amp; mother-in-law who still wants to wield control.
But if you grow up Godly my son, I will be glad. I know I will have been successful as your dad. (anon)
I may never gather diamonds.I may never amass gold.My friends may consider me a failure when my business life is told 
Take your time to think about it. And then make sure you do it before the end of the day.
There is no such thing as an unimportant day. What is the ONE THING you can do to day that can make your life more meaningful? #franciskong
There are people who just want to be right even when they know the outcome will turn out wrong. It's just ego speaking; no wisdom there.
Here is a question we need to ask ourselves: "Do I want the right outcome or do I just want to be right?" Decide wisely. #franciskong
Let's do something better:  If at first you don’t succeed find out what’s wrong. Fix it and then try again. Learn and correct. #franciskong
The commonplace wisdom that most of us accept is the old worn out cliché that says: “If at first you don’t succeed try and try again.”
Here it is:  If you give away your money you get something in return but if you give away your principles you actually get nothing.
I heard this said a long time ago and could not remember the source. (my apologies) But the lesson learned is so beautiful....
But it took me years of hard work and preparation and the pattern has not changed. There is no shortcut to success. #franciskong
Still surprised and wondering why after so many years I still am doing what I love and getting paid for it. #franciskong
Rather than going through a mid-life crisis, why not choose to go into "mid-life productivity?” #franciskong
Excited to speak tonight and spend time with the doctors here in Baguio. Love their company.
Nothing is more important than having a home where love and trust exist. And we all have to work on it. #franciskong
Strength of character is developed in the work place but beauty of character is developed in the home. #franciskong
Will speak to the student campers of PLDT this morning. Always love to address the young. They own the future. #franciskong
Time for a quick smile... :) And it's so true isn't it? 
All these years of speaking has been a response to a calling and this is why i love every one of it. #franciskong
This is when he said " A calling owns you. A calling is greater than you are. and you will take on the challenge even with lesser pay."
But lunch with Dr. Ravi Zacharias last week provided me a lesson I will always remember as it resonates in my heart and penetrates my soul.
I have had lunch with many of the most powerful men in business and I learned a great deal from them.
Many are called but few actually return the message.   To return calls and to repky to messages promptly is a sign of true professionalism.
Do not be temperamental.Don't allow emotions to make decisions for you.Learn to reason with your mind when it comes to matters of the heart.
Dr. Ravi Zacharias says: "What I believe in my heart must make sense in my mind." He is so right. #franciskong
Some people are quiet when it is doing time. They're nowhere to be seen.When things are done,they show up &amp; have tons of comment against it.
These are 5 very powerful words that can help one achieve more in life:  "Talk is cheap. Do something!" #franciskong
I love to be in the company of positive people and a smile is always contagious. #franciskong
I laughed so hard when I heard Krish Dhanam said, "If you are happy then tell your face." That is so true isn't it? #franciskong
Dr. Ravi  and daughter Rachel.  All my kids are his fans and they devour his books and cd's. 
Better to keep quiet, learn and ask more questions than to speak too much wanting to impress others with the little knowledge one has.
Ignorance is dangerous, but a little knowledge is even more; especially for the proud. #franciskong
What a wonderful evening with Dr.  Ravi Zacharias in Doc Hayden' birthday party tonight. 
Listening to Steve Baldwin speak this moment.  Says that the most elusive thing for him as a famous actor is peace
As we face challenges our character is being shaped and our perseverance is being built. Enjoy challenges. #franciskong
If God provided everything we wanted then He would have deprived us of a blessing which is the joy of achievement. #franciskong
As a father this advice is important to me as I share it with my daughters:
NEVER LET A FOOL KISS YOU AND NEVER LET A KISS FOOL YOU! (anon)
Will be excellent. Will do excellent work. Will make this week awesome. Awesome is a choice! #franciskong
Periodic comfort's important &amp; needed but not constant.Will do a whole day training today;can't wait to make new friends and meet new people
Constant comfort and great work cannot co-exist. Every great piece of work comes from great challenge and great effort.
Krish Dhanam flies back to America. Dr. Ravi Zacharias' engagements with CCF now over. What a week!
You will love one and hate the other. He who serves two masters has to lie to one. (great quote credited to anonymity)
Somebody says: "If God is kept outside, there is something wrong inside." You cannot serve two masters.
Dr. Ravi speaks this morning at CCF Center and I shall learn much from him once more.
To hear him speak is a privilege. But the one factor that impresses me most about him is his humility away from the microphone and the stage
Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life." says Dr. Ravi Zacharias.
"You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education.
It is not the talented people who serve God best but the dedicated ones. The dedicated ones want to be less so God can be more.
Who they are on stage is same as who they are back stage.Not an ounce of ego nor pride in them. Great honour for me to have them as mentors.
Great speakers like Krish Dhanam and Dr. Ravi Zacharias are as authentic as they can be.
True friends are those who stick with you even when you are going through pain and trouble.
Full house full packed at CCF Center I  today's conference with Krish Dhanam and Dr.  Ravi Zacharias. 
Money brings in many friends and relatives; but poverty leaves one all alone.
C.S. Lewis reminds us. And it's a good reminder. 
But they refuse to let go of the money. The heart of the problem is the problem of the heart. Don't do business with people like these.
There are many people who are more concerned with money rather than principles. And they will say, "but it's the principle of the thing..."
And how is my spiritual journey?” This involves think time and to think we must. #franciskong
Here is a good question we need to ask ourselves periodically: “What does it take to be awesome in my work, in my career, in my family life?
Full packed Isla Ballroom with Krish Dhanam.  Great speaker. 
He says many people are consistently mad they look like their pictures in their driver's license. :) This speaker is really fantastic.
Krish says: "What makes you sad, what makes you mad and what makes you glad?"
Listening to Krish Dhanam speak as a guest speaker in my leadership training.
Do not mind those who envy and slander you. Just continue to pursue growth and excellence. #franciskong
They are the same people who will say I told you so if it doesn't work.” This is so true isn’t it? #franciskong
Ron Edmonson says: "Some people will only support you after it's proven to be a success. #franciskong
My apologies if I could not answer inquiries. Hope this poster will address all questions. Last time to post this. 
Inquiries are pouring in with more seats available as organizers have added tables. (Thank you to Inspire). May 15 event will be great!
I will be learning so much from this great person and so would the many who will be attending our seminar on May 15.
Yet there is no trace of pride you can find in him. This is a sign of greatness. Humility. #franciskong
The fact is Krish has spoken to more than 10,000 people (per audience) in stadiums all over the States .....
Told him that tickets are almost sold out and this humble person said, "that will make me nervous..."
This is so encouraging! I had dinner with popular speaker and author Krish Dhanam tonight.
To aspire is good but not for the purpose of comparing one against another. compete against the self and seek improvement. #franciskong
The desire to be envied is not a healthy appetite. This has brought people to financial destruction.
You need to be observant and you need to be discerning. Not every person who is charming can bet trusted. #franciskong
You can judge a man not only by the company he keeps but by the jokes he tells. This gives you a peak into the person's character.
This week will be extremely tight for me but I look forward to spending each moment productively. Hope you do too!
Never let discouragement be carried over into a new day. Look at possibilities of good things to happen today. #franciskong
Last week may have been difficult for you, today is a brand new work day that leads you to a brand new week. #franciskong
Happy Mother's Day. Good day to repost this. 
It is my great honor and privilege to be speaking with Krish Dhanam this May 15 at EDSA Shangrila Hotel. Hope you could experience him!
Krish is also the co-author of this book that has received so many positive responses. 
Krish Dhanam is one of the kindest persons I have known. He trained me during the accreditation of the Zig Ziglar Sales Programs.
Godly mothers produce godly generation and is the engine for economic growth and moral living. History has proven this to be true.
"Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love." says Mildred B. Vermont
Never for a moment say: "I am just a plain housewife." You are a homemaker. Your work is noble. Nothing compares to it.
They all slept late, worked hard in order to make today successful making sure that 700 participants are well taken care of.Congratulations!
My thanks to the kind and hard working folks of Christ Commission Fellowship (CCF Naga). The are so nice and kind.
Had a great time with the wonderful people in whole day seminar held in Naga City. Looking forward to speaking tomorrow morning in church.
2. Those who think in terms of their responsibilities.
Give it time and the second group always emerge more successful.
#franciskong
In the course of doing business &amp; dealing with men, I have observed 2 types of people:
1. Those who think in terms of their privileges. and
When money controls you then you should be wise enough to know that you are out of control.Money is the acid test of character. #franciskong
Money can either be a goal we want to achieve or a temptation we need to avoid.  #franciskong
Be with positive people who demonstrate godly values for there is so much we can learn from them. #franciskong
Some people are wind beneath our wings and some people are anchor around our feet. Can you tell which is which? #franciskong
Once in a while we need to evaluate. Who are the people we have to spend time with &amp; who are the people we need to limit on the time spent.
A very good speaker friend of mine all these years .  The inspiring Roselle Ambubuyog.  Great to share… 
I wish you could and you would experience this too. 
Krish changed mine many years ago and this is why I consider it a great honor to be sharing the same stage with him next week.
Once in a while, a speaker comes into your life and changes the way you think that leads you to improve the way you live. #franciskong
Those without any stakes in the game or those who did not contribute somehow has the most negative things to say.  #franciskong
When people unjustly criticise you or falsely accuse you CHILL!Aways remember that the loudest boos always come from those in the free seats
Meet new friends and learn from them. I was born and called to do this!
Davao talk over.Enjoyed the crowd. 
Getting ready to fly home,  rest &amp; do another talk to No.1 company in their field. .
Today is still a gift no matter what the circumstances are. #franciskong
Rather than airing complaints, why not just count blessings. These are two different activities that produces two totally different outcomes
Here's my advice: Don't complain about growing old--some do not even have this privilege. #franciskong
Old people should be inspiring and they should be a blessing to the young. #franciskong
I have met many old people who complain too much - just too much and exasperate everybody else in the family. #franciskong
But now excited to be back and present 2 different topics this time. Share stage with a fantastic speaker. See you! 
I had a great time with more than 900 people in my Naga seminar last year. How fast time flies.
who does not recognise talent to begin with.They have never given permission for their people to shine &amp; surprise them w/ what they can do.
The leader or the business owner who spends the most time complaining about the lack of talent in his or her team is the same person....
The reality is that the market always judges the product and not the process. #franciskong
If you want to have a good product or to BE a good product you have to be careful and diligent with the process. #franciskong
There is a difference between a process and a product.
Work may not be pleasant all the time but to work we must. This brings us value and worth and builds our dignity. #franciskong
Talent is a gift from God. Skills are what you acquire for yourself. And this involves work if not, then the talent is merely buried.
Anna Pavlova says: "No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius."
9. Render a friendly smile to everyone even to yourself.
10. Recall your happy memories and thank God for the gift of life.
7. Remember the friends who always remember you.
8. Regain strength from the power of prayer.
3. Receive the gifts of the present day.
4. Remain in God’s Presence and His Love.
5. Remove anger in your heart.
10 R’S OF A HAPPY DAY: (thanks to Connie Te who gave me this material)
1. Release regrets of yesterday.
2. Refuse worries of tomorrow.
My two lovely training assistants in KL Malaysia. All set and ready to go. 
Personalities only lead to ego issues and they are never healthy in any organization. #franciskong
Ideas fly when there are conflicts but these should be on ideas and not on personalities. #franciskong
Conflicts are inevitable in the work place and conflicts are actually good. I will explain why. #franciskong
Our wonderful friends in KL and Singapore getting ready for the learning event today. 
You may not FEEL like doing it, but you just NEED to do it and this gets you to where you want to be. This has helped me a lot.
If you have to do it anyway, why not do it right away? Don Marquis says:"Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday."
Support the local economy. Will have a talk in Boracay very soon. #franciskong
Never judge a summer resort by its postcards. There are many beautiful beaches and resorts you can find in the own country.
Thanks to my friends from Filinvest as they have organized this seminar in Kulala Lumpur. Love to meet our kabayan. 
Now you can avoid failures. No need to live life through trial and error. It's a good day today to catch up with some reading!
This is the best benefit of reading books. Not only do you get to know the success secrets of the winners but you would know how they failed
Learn from the misses, mistakes and failures of others--you'll never live long enough to make them all yourself. #franciskong
Those who attended today can get to attend for free. Don't forget to say something positive to the people you love tonight. #franciskong
And a reminder to all that July 9 at 7PM will be my special session on Public Speaking at the same venue.
My gratitude and thanks to the 135 participants in today's whole day seminar. #franciskong
Think ahead and reason whether what you want is godly and righteous or not. If not, drop it. We always pay (or enjoy) the choices we make.
Never allow your desire for something (or someone) to blur your vision as to the consequences you will have to face. #franciskong
Those who constantly make noise may not necessarily be delivering an intelligent message. They are just providing…well…noise.  #franciskong
Somebody says: "Intelligence is like a river--the deeper it is, the less noise it makes.” #franciskong
But thank God there is a good number of people attending. Thank you and see you there tomorrow!!! 
This is silly. I have been so busy doing corporate training that I have forgotten to promote my own public seminar for tomorrow.
The mind is so powerful that it if it set in concrete, no change will ever happen. Do you believe this?
I have one observation: The person who never changes his mind never improves his mistakes either.
I do training and I have speaking engagements everyday. I am so excited to do two today.
You can't change how people feel about you so you might as well stop trying. Channel your energy on growing yourself &amp; doing your job well.
Love to go back to Davao and do a half day talk there. 
Mother's Day's coming fast. This one makes me laugh. There's so much truth in it. Thanks to Pinterest. 
You and I are works in progress. Some slow,some slower &amp; others fast but always with visible changes bearing fruit and blessing others.
The conversion of a soul is a miracle of a moment;It is a historical event but the growth of a saint is the work of a lifetime. #franciskong
Some times the shortest and the simplest words carry the most profound effect and meaning. While others cuss and curse and fail to impress.
Loose tongues stretch truth. Swelled heads shrink influence. Sharp words dull respect. "— William Arthur Ward
These words are so simple yet so powerful courtesy of William Ward: "Raised voices lower esteem. Hot tempers cool friendships.
Will be speaking in CCF Imus tomorrow morning both in 8AM as well as 10AM services. Love doing this.
These are the lovely managers of a very successful company. I had a great whole day session with them yesterday. 
"One thing I've learned in growing old, No doubt you've noticed too: The kids to whom you gave advice,Now give advice to you." - F.G. Kernan
Focus your dreams on what you can become and accomplish. This is identity. Your “stuff” does not define you.  #franciskong
Some people equate “dreams” with things they want to own. That is acquisition. It’s a totally shallow target to hit. #franciskong
We have to be hard on ourselves but be gracious to others. This is the key to personal improvement.  #franciskong
We usually judge ourselves by our best intentions and others by their worst faults and it is not healthy. #franciskong
Just try to be nice even if others are not.  The moment you lose your "nice" you just become as ugly as they are. :)
Never judge a man by his relatives; he did not choose them. He may have chosen his friends but his relatives were given. #franciskong
Comparing ourselves with others will leave us miserable and does not accomplish any good purpose. Improve ourselves. #franciskong
We need to invite God to build our marriage and guide it to its unique purposes. The comparison game will always leave one sad. #franciskong
Do not compare our marriages with some other's. Each marriage is unique. #franciskong
Think possibilities not limitations. This gets you to do more. #franciskong
If there's something you want to accomplish in life, don't think about the impediments &amp; the obstacles, think about the ways to get it done.
The necessity to be productive and to add value to family and company. Create these necessities for personal success. #franciskong
The necessity to learn. The necessity to forgive &amp; move forward. The necessity to use time correctly. The necessity to save money &amp; grow it.
Necessity makes even the timid brave and necessity transforms laziness into labor. We need to create our own necessity.
Joseph Salak says: "Almost everyone knows the difference between right and wrong, but some just hate to make decisions."  True isn't it?
Prayer for me always works. It provides calmness of mind. Keep your cool because you are a pro! Never forget that.
Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn’t change anything. It only steals our joy and keeps us busy going nowhere and doing nothing.
Vacation time is over. Today you WILL be challenged. Chill! Calmness of mind is one of the crown jewels of wisdom.
Getting ready &amp; excited to do another talk in a few moments.I love to meet young people in the work place. I get to learn so much from them.
Had a Great Morning with the leaders of FDA.  What an honor for me! 
An honor to be with FDA Chief Dr.  Kenneth H. Go this morning. 
6 days we work 1 day we rest,not the other way around.Go to work today w/ a smile on your face,a spring in your step &amp; a song in your heart.
Work is a blessing never a curse. Not having work is. We can never be fully happy until we are fully productive.
I know I am going back to work today totally recharged and thankful after a long vacation.
Still have jet lag. But it's a good and quiet time to do some writing. meditation and lesson preparations.
Ease your way back to work. Will do the same as I do 2 speaking engagements tomorrow. So glad to go back to work!
Don't try to answer all your email tonight. Cool down. Go to bed early and wake up tomorrow morning refreshed.
Don't try to catch up with everything all at once. Do your thing one thing at a time until the mind, the pace and the rhythm catches up.
Going back to work may not be easy after a long vacation. Some people are even more stressed.
Jesus is Risen! This is the basis of my hope and without which life carries no meaning. It's not eggs or rabbits, it is the empty tomb!
*He committed no crime yet they crucified Him.*He was buried in a tomb yet He lives today.Feel the HONOR to Serve such a LEADER who LOVES US
*Had no medicines,yet they called Him Healer.
*He had no army,yet kings feared Him.
*He won no military battle, yet He conquered the world.
An old material but a good one:
*Jesus had no servants, yet they called Him Master.
*Had no degree, yet they called Him Teacher.
God forgives and who are we not to? If God were not willing to forgive sin, heaven would be empty.
Have you ever been hurt? When we forgive we discover more and more that forgiveness and healing are one.
Enjoying our family  "staycation" at the Shangrila EDSA Hotel. Great service as usual. 
Life Beyond the Grave: An Easter Meditation from Ravi  
@dianedy sorry for the late reply. Please fee free to contact Rara (fjkassistant@yahoo.com). She handles my dates and details. thanks!
God is not an abstract idea. He is a person. I don't have religion I have a relationship with Him.
Somebody says: "The head may know God and seek Him but only the heart finds God and accepts Him.
This is a constant reminder for me. 
This is so true. When I look back, good things that happened to me in my life, came after patient waiting and endurance of difficulties.
Somebody says: "People do not grow when everything comes to them quickly. There is that pause in between than makes and create character."
Untapped potential is like buried treasure and they go to waste. God has provided us with talents. We need to use it faithfully for Him.
This brings them to a stage of “average," another word for being “mediocre.” Do not lose hope.
A lot of people no longer hope for the best, they just hope to avoid the worst.
I went through his training &amp; have admired him since.Honored to be sharing the speaker's platform with him this May15 
Krish Dhanam is one of the best speakers in the world for me. Learned so much from him being the No.1 trainer of Zig Ziglar's Corporation.
Can't wait to go back and do the second day training tomorrow. I know I was called to do this. Voice has improved and will do a better job.
It feels so good to do training again today. My vocal chords were stretched to the limits but the audience was so kind and forgiving.
We still are works in progress but at least the foundation is set.
Now that they are adults I see them happy because they now learn how to live life correctly.
This is why when my kids were little I did not desire for them to be happy but I made sure that they were disciplined.
Happiness is a by-product of living a disciplined and a godly life.I have yet to meet an undisciplined person who is happy in the long haul.
Happiness is always elusive. Many have tried to pursue it and ended up in misery.
This week will also be a good time to meditate on eternal issues, the reason and the message of the cross.
Invest your now in things that would add value to your future.
If your plan is to live for the day, then you will be successful in ruining your tomorrow. Be wise. Prepare for the future.
it is an investment in memory creation. We grow old fast kids grow up faster and there is very little time to enjoy moments together.
Kids coming home tonight. The brief family vacation may have been pricey but it is not a cost and expense to be considered,
This gives me plenty of quiet time to catch up with my writings and lesson presentations. Not a bad deal after all.
The wonderful thing about jet lag is that I hit the bed 8AM last night and am wide awake 1 AM.
After all, we are doing it all for our family aren't we? Enjoy them! 
We can wait for the next one and HongKong airport is not so bad after all. No need to stress over it.
The Ilocana and I missed our connecting flight from Paris  to Manila. But that's all right.
Success should not lead to entitlement nor failure lead to surrender.Both failures &amp; success should be studied, learned &amp; applied correctly.
Success is a very heavy responsibility to bear. You and I need skills to manage success and the right values to maintain it.
Good leaders are not insecure. They encourage others to become better.
Ron Edmonson says: "Some of a leader's best work is not what the leader does but what he or she inspires others to do."
A lesson I have learned over the years that I teach to my kids and today they understand. No wonder they are happy and productive.
You cannot be happy without being productive. And you cannot be wealthy without production. This is a law and a rule in life.
"We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it says George Bernard Shaw .
Even The Bible says bad company corrupts good character. Choose your company carefully.
And then there are the uppers. Too optimistic but too unrealistic. you need to develop the ability to think critically. 
There are those who are downers. They want your company because they are miserable. They complain a lot and see nothing good in things.
Drugs come in different form. There are uppers and downers. People are the same.
But when you think about it, the happy man is not really poor is he?
There are poor people who can manage to be happy and then again there are many extremely wealthy people who are still miserable.
Never give up caring. The opposite of love is not hatred, the opposite of love is indifference. #fjk #franciskong
When a man knows less he can take the effort to learn. But when a man doesn't care anymore then that's the end of the story.
The real tragedy of man is not that he knows less and less but that he cares less and less.
But through DISCIPLINE you live your life TRAINING AND BEHAVING your way to success. Success is a process and never an event.
Do not live your life GUESSING your way to success. You need to start living your life KNOWING your way to success.
This is how intelligent exchange of ideas take place and blog sites and FB pages are no exception.
And when there are differing opinions, there is absolutely no need for insults, cussing and cursing.
Today we have so many connections but very few conversations. Connections and conversations are not the same.
Early morning jogging with Bryan and Rachel along the streets of Paris 
The Ilocana celebrating birthday with family in Giverny we rough to Claude Monet's house. 
Enjoying coffee at  Grands Boulevard in Paris 
The Ilocana on her birthday celebrated with the family in Giverny on our way to Calude Monet's house.
I have been hustling for years and working hard &amp; now reaping the rewards but still hustling and getting more work done. This is fulfilling.
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." says: Thomas Edison. Waiting for luck to turn your way is an exercise in futility.
And while men look at the outward appearance God looks at the heart.
Not only is this a waste of time but this is a waste of life. Who and what you really are is more important than how you look.
Some people spend too much money on their outward appearance and spend too little attention on developing their inward character.
Image management can be very stressful.
After a long...long flight...the site of Eiffel is still magnificent and still can take one's breadth away.
Be serious about living the righteous life. Whatever we do affects others either in a good ways or bad.
You and I should be protected from having a rubber conscience and a concrete heart.
A person who is polite will always gain over one who is not.
Getting ready for Paris.  Kids already there. 
So don't be too hard on your kids if they failed in their tests. Who knows? They just might end up owning companies. I did!
"You know these aptitude tests we're giving at the office? Well, I took one today for fun. It's a good thing I own the company !"
An executive came home and slumped in his favorite chair with a discouraged look. His wife asked what was wrong.
It is difficult to save money when your neighbors keep buying things you can't afford. Never mind them. Just stick to your budget and means.
I guess this is the secret to being happy. To have an attitude of gratitude.
Not every speaker is deserving of an audience. If only all my clients would know how grateful I am that they have considered me.
Off to another whole day training with a very successful business company. Excited to meet people and make new friends.
There's a big difference between being appreciative and having a sense of entitlement. The former's happier &amp; the latter's always miserable.
It’s not that life in the past is better, it is however true that life in the past taught kids powerful virtues of patience &amp; waiting.
Nothing is easier than fault-finding; no talent, no self-denial, no brains, no character are required to set up in the grumbling business.
Never accuse others to excuse yourself. #fjk #franciskong
There are many who act brave when people are watching but then again the real hero is the man who is brave when nobody is looking.
Fashion #glasses revival at #rizal museum, #dapitan 

#fjk #franciskong 
Life is too complicated to be wasting time on things that do not matter.
Be at war with your vices and be at peace with your neighbors. Do not have this in reverse.
But for those who continue to learn and grow, their lives are full of wonder and excitement. 
People who do not develop themselves stop growing and they become irrelevant.
Just think about this. We are born and then we study for many years. In other words, genes is only a part. The rest is development.
But success should not lead to entitlement and failure to surrender. Always remember that both are platforms for character building.
There are both success and failure moments in life. This is a given.
Some people are quick to start but are quick to quit. Others who stay in there and grow through the process enjoys the rewards in due time.
Passion and talent are deadly combinations. But it is work and perseverance that make positive things happen.
Computer system down.  Long line of passengers awaiting check in.  We'll,  life happen!
These are the marks of a true professional. don't let the jerks ruin your day and your week. #franciskong
Start with the feeling of thankfulness that God has provided you with work. Be polite and respectful and do your work excellently.
As you go to work today, remember that there is no person in the world powerful enough to control how you feel. #franciskong
Money is moral neutral. The the love of money is an attitude. Do you know of people who love money more than their family? Why is this so?
"Don't bother to give God instructions; just report for duty." says Corrie ten Boom.
Some times it is not an "it." It could be a person or a group. 
This is why quiet time is important. To reflect upon God's majesty and to realize our own limitations.
Man's pitfall is his or her unguarded strength and untamed passions. Many a leader has fallen because they have not guarded their strengths.
Just finished giving a talk in Batangas City.  Been a productive week
Kids should become adults; disciplined and responsible so they could stand a chance in this highly volatile and competitive world.
It’s time parents stop thinking we are raising up kids. We should constantly think we are raising up future adults. #franciskong
@pjnacionales thank you so much. You are very kind.
Just keep on doing right even when it is not convenient. #franciskong
Ron Edmondson says: "Don't stop doing the right thing even when the wrong thing is receiving more celebration. That party won't last."
We should actually be wary of those who disagree but are too cowardly to let you know. These are the people with hidden motives. #fraciskong
People who openly disagree with us bother us but they are the brave and the honest ones. Show respect. #fjk #franciskong
There are counterfeit blessings; blessings that carry with it much sorrow. True blessing always has God in it and carries no sorrow.
In my younger days I've been advised to take advantage of my work position and make ethical compromise. Looking back, best I did not follow.
And truth is some times the best advice is when you don't follow it.
There is no difference between good advice and poor advice unless you follow it.
And the beautiful thing here is that the more you get to know people, the more you begin to like them. Everything begins with respect.
People have one thing in common. They are all different. You may not like them but you still need to respect them.
With the leaders of #AB Mauri 
Enjoyed the time with the beautiful people of #ge 

#fjk #franciskong 
Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them. Worked for me all these years. #fjk #franciskong
Don’t let your failures leave you until you have picked its pockets. In other words, process it, learn from it. Do not waste the crisis.
Failures are raw materials for success.You need to treat it like your friend. #franciskong
Fools follow their whims and wishes and would reject any attempt of correction. This turns out tragic for those who refuse to be corrected.
One thing I have observed and learned in life: The wise, they seek wisdom, the fools they shun it.
Having a great time with the beautiful people of the retail industry 
Therefore I am empowering you to do exactly what I say &amp; if you mess up you will have to pay for it.”  Many leaders do not walk the talk.
Now get out there, and do exactly what I tell you.”  Same thing with many leaders. “This is a company that believes in empowerment.....
The football coach challenged his high school team: "Remember, football develops individuality, initiative, and leadership.
Enjoy doing a whole day training for one of the country's top retail company. Love the guys.
As you go to work today, be positive and remain positive and build, do not burn or destroy no matter how difficult things are. #franciskong
Most people are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges. #franciskong
Some times short questions like these require deep thinking and deeper answers don't they?
Here is a good question: If you are not happy with what you have, how could you be happier with more? #franciskong
Cool coffee shop at CCF Center.  One day will conduct a seminar there. @ CCF Tiendesitas 
We have different gifts according to God's grace. Most of life's misery is not the absence but the misuse of the gifts that God's given.
The proud man counts his newspaper clippings - the humble man his blessings. #franciskong
God did not intend for us to pat ourselves on the back. If He had, our muscles and joints would be designed differently. #franciskong
Nice and True! 
because they feel that they have failed and not the kids. Perhaps they were the ones who did the assignments in the first place?
Today when kids have trouble with their grades, some angry parents barge into schools and argue with the teachers....
When I was in school and my grades were in trouble, i know that when i get home I will have another trouble with my parents.
Looking forward to meeting an even larger group tomorrow with a talk on parenting. Been a busy week but extremely fulfilling.
Totally enjoyed an evening talk with very successful business people tonight.
Having a halo halo treat at #ucc with the Ilocana and the bunso while preparing for my third talk for… 
Enjoyed my time with the business management society of #dlsu this afternoon.

#fjk #franciskong 
Had brunch at Paull SM Aura.  Great place good food.  Next time I go back would love to stay longer and not be in a rush.
Just finished speaking to a group of new graduates and off to another talk for another group of students of DLSU.
And blamers are stuck with this defect that hinders them from progress.
It takes a lot of humility and character to do this. The antithesis of this is always blame.
If you correct yourself, others won't have to. 
One of the key principles towards self-improvement is self-correction.
There is so much room for those who will stay on course while most will just wander from one place to another. Great opportunity to succeed!
Many young people do not want to do hard work, cannot tolerate pain and will quit at a moment’s notice.
Develop yourself through self-study and learning. This will be easy, because you will stand out.
All you have to do is to stick to what they are doing, bear the challenges, the hardships and continue to do excellent work.
It is so easy for young people to succeed and to be excellent these days. I am not kidding!
Don't claim sole credit for what you can do. In fact you can't do much without your team.#fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
You may be the star of your team &amp; you can score the most.The question I want to ask you now is this: who passed the ball so you can score?
One observation I had when I did a video shoot today is that it takes a team to make things happen.
Spent the whole day and enjoyed doing a project for Philippine star and their valued client. Love the… 
Success that comes from meaningful work does not add sorrow to our life and living. This is the secret of the successful.
And the beautiful thing is that the more we do this, increase our competence and focus on service the more likely the money factor comes.
Do work that matters. Not just for the money but for the meaning. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Children today have so many things their parents once could not afford. Make sure we don't raise them up to become spoiled brats and crabs.
"So what do you do when your son misbehaves?" asked his friend. And the businessman replied: "I send him to our room."
by being sent to my room without supper.  But our son has his own color TV, phone, computer and CD player."
One exasperated businessman complains. "When I was a youngster," said the frustrated man and  shaking his head, "I was disciplined.......
A visit to the graveyard would make one realise that at some point in a person’s life stupid things like these no longer matter.
There’s just so much envy and jealousy in this world especially in the work place. And this is so irritating.
Can't wait to do a whole day training for a technology company tomorrow and be with the doctors in the evening. Love my life!
I am too talkative and an hour of talk is just too short but the moment spent with them and the sponsors is memorable.
I had a great time with the many business owners this afternoon in Quezon City.
Be a team player and fight the urge to be an individual star as you go to work today.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
You may be good and you may be talented but you need other people to help you succeed by helping them succeed too.
Kids need to learn humility when they win and graciousness when they lose. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Teaching our kids to be competitive is not a bad thing but we also need to teach them the value of sportsmanship. #fjk #franciskong
This is why God "loves" and He "gave..." John3:16 is the complete version of this. Have a Great Day!
No person really lives until he or she learns to love. Love never asks, "What can I get?" It asks, "What can I give?’
There is power in Hope. the Blessed Hope. 
Parenting is always a challenge isn't it? My sked is full but I am thinking of doing a parenting seminar around late May or June.
You can do that when your kids are small but how do you deal with your teenagers when they continue to behave the same way?
Erma Bombeck says:” When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice, safe playpen. When they're finished, I climb out." cute!
Can't wait to do another whole day leadership training right in the center of Manila. Every time I do this I learn from my participants.
And the best thing I see is that the same faith and attitude is now evident in my kids.
This is how I get through the day and this is how I have gone through my life all these years.
It's a beautiful day. Live the day and be reminded that your life matters and in Him you are enriched in unlimited ways.
Notice this.  When you talk about rich people. It almost always refer to other people. The fact is we may be rich and don’t know it.
When it comes to money, many people are poor judges of distance. Hard to do business with them. Their half always extends boundaries.
Most people are willing to meet each other halfway; but their version of "half" always exceeds boundaries. #fjk #franciskong
Life is always an adventure and no training session is always the same. Love to learn from the participants.
Looking forward to having a great time with the business leaders this afternoon in Bataan.
Had a great time (whole day) with the wonderful people of Toy Kingdom and Pet Express yesterday.
The wise person knows which is which. You and I must be wise or else we cause trouble to the people we love.  #franciskong #TransformNow
People get into financial hardships because they want what they don't need and need what they don't want. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
#excellence us not just a single act it's a lifestyle. 

#fjk #franciskong #quotes 
Don't just pursue riches, be wealthy.
When I see an undeserving person like me receives bountiful grace from God all these years then I am the wealthiest of them all.
When I see my family and when I do work that matters, I know I am very wealthy.
There is a difference between riches and true wealth.  We need to know which is which.
A thought just occurred to me. Do you really have to consult your bank balance in order to see how wealthy you are? #TransformNow
I love my job and I love my life! It's no longer work because I love doing it.
Can't wait to do a whole day training with the wonderful people of a retail company.Love to share ideas and make new friends.
I had a Great time doing a seminar on Excellence with the fine folks of Northern Cement Company in Pangasinan this morning. Great folks!
Leaders who are not growing cannot lead growing organizations.
All the world lives in one of two tents: Content or Discontent. Guess who is happier?
A Great learning event coming up. Let's all learn together.  For prices and information, please call the office. 
Most satisfying work is HELPING OTHERS. And the most beautiful attire is SMILE.Let this be a good reminder as we start work this week.
Most powerful force in life is LOVE. Most crippling failure disease = EXCUSES. Ugliest personality trait = SELFISHNESS.
This little girl Rachel  has grown up to be a lovely lady.  Ah...... Time flies! 
Family dinner celebrating Rachel's birthday.  Sure feel old but heart joyful and young! :) 
Somebody says: "A true follower of Jesus Christ is neither ashamed of the gospel nor a shame to the gospel."Makes a lot of sense doesn't it?
Can't wait to do the 2 parenting talks today.
My kids have many friends. My kids have many pals. But they only have one dad. So I should be their father first before I be their friend.
Learned this the hard way but now you don't have to. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow 
Am doing a parenting talk tomorrow morning as a fund raising event for scholarships.9am-11am Place:Greenhills Christian Fellowship,Php300.00
We need to work on having a positive attitude all the time. This is also a requirement for good business. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
All things being equal, the person that is more liked will get the promotions. This is a fact of life corporate life. #TransformNow
All things being equal, the person with the better attitude gets the breaks. This is a fact of life. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Young kids today don't have to mess up the way I did and now that they have heard, I hope they will do. Apply the ideas seriously.
Hope that ideas shared will be taken seriously and given a few years,each one of them would write me back and tell me their success stories.
My sincerest appreciation to the many students who have sent me encouraging messages.
Life is too short to mess up on the things that are important. Simple formula for life. DON'T MESS UP! #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Today we need to focus on the message as we are surrounded by a lot of noise. Focus is key to getting things done right and done well.
Do not let boredom slip to comfort and indifference. This may lead to stagnancy. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Boredom may be a sign that you are ready for the next level. That you are poised for the next challenge. #franciskong #TransformNow
Just finished speaking to the Future marketing professionals of the Philippines at #ust

#fjk… 
Another round of talk for the students of UST tonight.  All students today and business executives tomorrow. Love my job.
this time you'd know the difference between what you need &amp; what you want. Essential to success in work and life. #franciskong #TransformNow
And the fantastic discovery I have is that the better you become, the more you would have but.....
Be content with what you have be never be content with what you can become. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Men should be leaders and leadership begins at home. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Friends are powerful influences. Many of men are married yet they are still influenced by their friends &amp; stay immature and irresponsible.
Young people are dynamic &amp; they are hungry to learn. Don't dumb them down and do not preach down on them. Value them. I did and I loved it.
I gave two talks today and both of them for the young people. Love them all! It is not true that they have short attention spans.
To seek luxury first before necessities is a certain path towards troubles and destruction. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Luxuries are great, but only after you have the necessities of life and you have provided for the needs of your family. #TransformNow
Doing things by halves may be worthless because it may be the other half that counts. (anon) #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Successful people follow through with what they have started. They start strong and they finish well. #fjk #franciskong #TransforNow
Spent the afternoon with the students of National University of Manila

#fjk #franciskong 
Commitment to values &amp; righteousness in the face of conflict produces character. Show kindness &amp; respect but do not fold on your principles.
Conflicts in the work place is inevitable. Avoiding it is not the answer but managing it is. #TransformNow
Look at the comparison of a magnificent piece of mosaic to the exquisite beauty of your DNA. Enjoy the beauty. 
When God says: "You are wonderfully and beautifully made..."  Christ alone gives you intrinsic worth.
You are not useless and unworthy. Your life matters. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
@turnontheACx Thanks Alyssa. You are so kind. God bless you.
I had my weary moments many years ago and in God I find rest. You must do too. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
If you are tired and weary do remember this. God can meet you where you are so you can stop running. #TransfromNow
We're all works in progress and that's why we all need His grace.
From an anonymous source: Don't pray "Our Father" on Sunday and spend the rest of the week living like an orphan.
Tired but happy. A week well spent. So looking forward to spend today with family in church.
To help kids develop a personal relationship with Christ is of the ultimate important as it deals with eternity issues.
One of the greatest gifts parents and give their children is to prepare them to live without them. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
I have discovered this to be true: You and I are most happy when we are most productive and useful. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
3 talks yesterday, 2 talks today and a whole day seminar tomorrow in Davao. I love my job.#fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Spent the morning with the graduating students of #dlsu #dasmarinas
#fjk #franciskong 
They say "Dare to Dream" but I tell you "Dare to work, get your hands soiled with honest labor" &amp; make your dreams come true. #TransformNow
Many people come up with grand plans &amp; wishes but when it comes right down to hard work that may get their hands dirty refuse to work.
My hero in business wisdom Peter Drucker says: "Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work."
I enjoy the privilege of sharing with the young the right values for life and living. Tiring but would not miss the opportunity.
Dave Barry says,“You can only be young once but you can always be immature” #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Off to speak to the senior students of DLSU Dasmarinas. I love to share ideas with the young.
Life is working in real time and Live Streaming but God is in full control. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
I have had lots of both in the past: enjoyment and pains. The most important thing is to learn from both and not seek an escape from any.
For the good ones we seek a reenactment of enjoyment. For the bad we seek an escape from the pain.
We are all shaped by our past experiences whether good or bad. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Make today matter! #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
And with God's grace I will come home tonight knowing that I have been useful. What about you? What do you look forward to today?
I have 3 talks lined up for me today and all in 3 different places. I look forward to be able to inspire people to become better.
What do you look forward to everyday? I look forward to do hard work and make today matter.
Teachers are overworked,underpaid yet their role is extremely important in the building of generations. Let's encourage them. #TransformNow
Can't wait to be with the thousands of teachers tomorrow afternoon. Teachers need to be inspired.#fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Now let me bring you to the work place. "I hate my boss....he is a terror...." "I hate my manager...she's from hell..." Sounds familiar?'
The secret is that we were FORCED to RESPECT them though we never liked them. Now I understand but back then I didn't. #fjk #franciskong
We disliked the terrors because they made us work the hardest; but we learn the most from them don’t we?
Remember the words we used to say when we were in school? “I hate my prof….He is a terror.” “I hate my teacher, she’s from hell.”
As a matter of fact there are many talented people who never matured. Have you met them and how did you deal with them?
There is absolutely no correlation between giftedness and maturity. Without maturity talent is wasted. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
So honored w/ the excited &amp; positive responses of the people attending the seminar this Saturday in Davao.Can't wait. 
You be ready to be amazed at what your people can do for you and your company. Make this day matter! #TransformNow
You don’t just use people and discard them. You lead them, inspire, you mentor them. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
To all the bosses in the work place, please remember one thing. Your people are not your expendable resources.... #TransformNow
Learning has to be intentional and not accidental. Knowledge has to be sought. Seek for it seriously. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
One cannot become an expert in a 120 character or less environment. Read books. Attend seminars. Ask questions. Seek mentoring.
When information is easy to obtain by everyone it creates an illusion of expertise, proficiency and competence. This is dangerous.
@franciskong not yet but plan to out it up in my Web site.  Thanks
Waiting for the perfect boss so you can express your gratitude is wishful thinking. Encourage them now. #TransformNow
Watch magic unfold in front of your eyes. Everybody is born with factory defects. Everybody wants encouragement.
I will challenge you to do something unusual today. Approach your boss (whether good or bad) and offer a word of thanks or appreciation.
Time is too scarce to waste and throw away. Use it wisely. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Do things that would add value to your success goals. Eliminate activities that waste your time and suck your energy. #TransformNow
As you go to work tomorrow, don't go on auto mode and rush through things; be intentional... #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
"It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.” says Mabel Newcomber.
What a blessing! Caught me totally unaware. My latest book's in the list of National Bookstore's Top 10. Thank you! 
@haydenjr @RaviZacharias @DennisPrager Please send my regards to Dr. Ravi and tell him we are all excited to see him.
I know who made me and I trust Him when He says He will never leave me nor forsake me. This is the best security one could ever have!
Knowing who you are is good. Knowing what you are is important but knowing whose you are is essential for fullness living. #fjk #franciskong
Giving kids autonomy w/o training them to handle responsibility is like giving a loaded gun or car keys without ever teaching them to drive.
A graduation treat for my daughter Rachel at Carpaccio. 
Dad and new graduate daughter Rachel at Carpaccios 
My daughter Hannah at Carpaccio 
My daughter Hannah at Carrasco. 
Do not just work to provide your kids with "loots and things." Love them, guide them so you can give them "roots and wings." (Denis Waitley)
The Ilocana and I took this seriously and it was not easy but now we are reaping the rewards.
We cannot love people unless we are available to them. There can be no quality time if there is no quantity thrown into it. #TransformNow
God has sustained us through all these years and the journey has not been easy but looking back, God is faithful.
Another chapter change in our lives today as my youngest: Rachel marches up the stage to receive her diploma.
Great new ideas I can't wait to share. Love pomelo and durian but most of all, i love the people. See you! 
Off to Tagaytay as I speak to the dynamic sales force of a highly respected multi-national company. Love to meet new people.
Eating well is ok but to be able to sleep well is important. Do good and shun evil. Then there will be peace in your heart. #TransformNow
A clear conscience is a soft pillow. Some people claim  their conscience is clear maybe because they have never used it. #fjk #franciskong
I just realised that some people have difficulty sleeping at night because their conscience bothers them.#TransformNow
Great book! Krish Dhanam the author is coming.I will do a whole day seminar w/ him this coming May.Details to follow. 
Isn't this mysterious? Don't they get it that this would displease the very customers they want to delight? Strange isn't it?
Business remains a mystery to me. The expensive hotels charge for their  WiFi while the cheaper and smaller ones don't.....
Waiting for luck to change is not wise. Willing to work hard so the circumstance begin to change is wiser. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Some people are hard on their luck. I understand this. But the only way to overcome hard luck is hard work. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
The day is beautiful &amp; bright while in other places they are buried in snow &amp; coldness.This one little bit of enjoyment is neglected by many
This lunch time, eat right and walk a little bit. Do not eat junk, load carbs and look forward to taking your lunch nap. Break the habit.
Be willing to learn. Be willing to be corrected. Let go of ego and begin learning. This is how one become wise. #TransformNow
Wikipedia and Google Search may provide you with information, but it takes a humility to be wise. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Look at every moment as learning moments. Do not just be knowledgeable, be wise. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
ARTHUR WELLINGTON British general and statesman says: "Wise people learn when they can. Fools learn when they must."
Yelling actually silences your message. Some times a soft whisper is louder than an angry yell. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
I once witnessed 2 of my managers standing 2 feet apart and screaming at each other. They were yelling but they were not communicating.
The right use of talent and energy will bring you to places you want to be. Use them wisely. #fjk #franciskong  #TransformNow
with him and this is how I get to my current position today. And my former boss remains my friend to this day.”
I use my energy to support him and push him upward the organisation. When he gets promoted he brings me.......
I love learning from my clients. One high ranking executive says: “Instead of constantly proving myself as being better than my boss.....
The best revenge is a life well lived. Vengeance is God's business so there is no need to usurp His role. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Keep your cool.Stretching moments convert average people to winners provided you learn from the situation. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Never forget that while you may have no control over the circumstances, you are in full control on the way you will RESPOND not react to it.
Your week at work starts today. You may be insulted, demeaned, tricked, unfairly treated but.........
When you work do not mind the credit. It will come in its due time. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
As you go to work tomorrow you may encounter both. Keep your cool. Just make sure you produce and strive to be excellent. #TransferNow
Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
Indira Gandhi says: "There are 2 kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit.....
I totally believe in the genius who said this: 
You can't hide from God by missing church. You actually grow cold if you do. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Father and son at #contis 

#fjk #franciskong 
Somebody says: "If you think that one person cannot make a difference in the world, consider what one cigar can do in a crowded restaurant."
Constantly remind yourself that you matter and you can make a difference. If not then your fears would be verified. #TransformNow
Our kids need parents to appreciate them for who they are. They really need it!
Somebody asked this question: When you are cheering for your kids, are you cheering them by their first names or by their last names.
.....Yet the man in faithfulness having loved just one has loved them all." Loyalty still counts.
#fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
The day you said "I do" to one woman is equivalent to saying "I don't" to other women. The man who loves many has effectively loved none....
Dr. Ravi Zacharias says "Love is in itself is very exclusive.".... #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Love is a powerful force. Look how it carries the ability to increase the prices of roses and chocolate. :) #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young. - Arthur Wing Pinero #TransformNow
Watching Wicked with The Ilocana.  Great Valentine treat. #SmartInfinityWicked :)
Conserve energy and decide who is going to fix the problem than to seek for the person to blame. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
When something goes wrong, it is more important be wise.....think first...#fjk #franciskiong #TransferNow
The Boomer and the Y-er 

#generational #fjk #franciskong 
Do not let emotions decide for your outcome and future. Get some thinking going and trust God for His perfect timing. #fjk #TransformNow
When this kind of momentary pleasure's experienced by young people they both lose and they suffer setbacks. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Valentine’s Day is a day when many hearts are broken and many lives destroyed. Many young people mistake sex for love. #fjk #TransformNow
Love is not a noun it is a verb. It is not taking it is giving. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Ever get ideas when you are doing the treadmill or in the shower? I have. Ideas come from relaxation and not stress. #TransformNow
Try this out because this may be the start of a healthy life style you get to enjoy for the rest of your life. #TransformNow
Have coffee and you will realize your energy level begins to soar and you don't need a nap.
Try this today. Eat less carbs and more veggies this lunch time. Take in less sweet and drink in more water. #TransformNow
but you might find yourself irrelevant in the coming years." Learn to engage the young. The future of your business lies in their hands.
If you do not have the youth represented on your table and give them a voice, you will not only miss out on opportunities....
"You better have young people (Gen Y) members in your senior management team. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Here's a radical suggestions that might incur the ire of senior managers but the truth no matter how uncomfortable should be said:
If you are crying, send me your tears. I love you.” The husband texted back to her: "I'm using the bathroom. Please advise."
If you are laughing, send me your smile. If you are eating, send me a bite. If you are drinking, send me a sip......
She decided to send her husband a romantic text message, so she wrote: "If you are sleeping, send me your dreams......
The wife was a romantic type, and the husband was more of a no-nonsense guy. One afternoon the wife went out to meet a friend for coffee...
An elderly couple had just learned how to send text messages on their cellphones....stay with me...this is funny...
You can change. You can move. You can do something. You’re not a tree. So get moving. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Start this day of the week with this mindset. "I will change to become better." Do not go on autopilot. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
This is cool. Got this from Pinterest. 
Somebody says,"I have read the entire bible through and through. From Geniuses to Revolution...." Hmmm.... evidently, her or she has not! :)
The Bible humbles or hardens the human heart.” Don't master it. but let it master you! #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Vance Havner says: "If you see a Bible falling apart, it probably belongs to someone who isn’t. #fjk #franciskong #bible
A personal favorite of mine. Love to do this even if it sucks the energy out of me. Can't wait to do the next run. 
because He is not yet done improving my character. It's not easy but it is necessary for my own personal improvement. #fjk #franciskong
One of the most important lessons I have learned in my life is that sometimes God does not improve my situation....
Inspiring the sales team in #cebu

#fjk #franciskong 
"Paris" in #cebu at #leonas bakeshop 

#fjk #franciskong 
Some bosses are so weird they feel responsible only for the things they say &amp; not whether people understand them or not. #fjk #TransformNow
However, conscience can be seared. This is why conscience should always go to truth for instructions. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Better to suffer a loss than to lose the sensitivity of your conscience. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Some people are so confident even though they are mistaken. Have you met people who are sincere but are sincerely wrong? #fjk #Franciskong
Spent the morning yesterday with the future leaders/tycoons from ateneo for an interview #fjk… 
Do not let the most valuable resource slip out of your hands and that is the here and now. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
Some people are still trapped in the past. Others are scared of the future and it's not a good thing. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
The rest of your life should be lived to be the best of your life. That journey starts now. #fjk #franciskong #TransformNow
@LRPHS thank you Lloyd! You are very kind.
Don't lose your cool. Pray for self control and just be quiet. This is always better. #fjk #franciskong
Those emotional outbursts always cause trouble big time! Venting may make you better but it will make others bitter. #fjk #franciskong
