Elia Viviani lifts Team Sky’s spirits with Giro stage win: Italian sprinter thanks team after claiming his fir... 
Elia Viviani wins Giro d’Italia’s stage two as Michael Matthews takes lead: • Team Sky’s Italian claims victor... 
Viviani sprints to Giro win: Team Sky’s Elia Viviani sprinted to victory on stage two of the Giro d’Italia in ... 
Phillips crashes in BMX World Cup: Great Britain's Liam Phillips crashes out of round two of the 2015 BMX Supe... 
Gallery: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2: Michael Matthews is not unfamiliar with the post-pink protocol. Photo: T... 
Matthews moves into Giro lead: Australia's Michael Matthews has taken the Giro d'Italia race lead from Orica-G... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2: Michael Matthews takes the maglia rosa as Elia Viviani finishes fastest ... 
Elia Viviani sprints to Giro d’Italia stage two win: Team Sky sprinter pipped Moreno Hofland to the line in a ... 
Giro’15 St.2: Viva Viviani!: Race Report: A big sprint was expected in Genova, but who would take the honors? ... 
Yates brothers extend contracts with Orica-GreenEdge - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyYates brothers extend con... 
Yates brothers extend contracts with Orica-GreenEdge: Young British riders Simon and Adam Yates have both exte... 
Tina Pic marks 49th birthday with (what else?) a bike race: Tina Pic (Pepper Palace) showed the strain of the ... 
Can Aru go the distance? Expectations growing for Italy’s next big thing: Italian Fabio Aru (Astana) saluted t... 
Winners and losers from Giro d’Italia stage one: With stage one's team time trial now in the books, the Giro d... 
Gerrans saves nightmare season with Giro pink jersey: Simon Gerrans managed a change in fortune on Saturday's ... 
Sussex councils in cycle parking fiasco: Despite receiving £30,000 to fund adequate cycle parking, Horsham Dis... 
'Mum took on £50k debt for my career': Olympic champion and Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins reflects... 
Giro Stage 2 Preview: 
The race begins its anti-clockwise lap of Italy with a 177km jaunt along the coast to G... 
Doping in cycling: Why are the amateurs 'emulating the pros'? - BBC Sport: BBC SportDoping in cycling: Why are... 
Lead changes hands at women's Amgen Tour of California: Leah Kirchmann (Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies) won th... 
Porte loses minor ground to Giro rivals: Australian Richie Porte ceded minor ground to his rivals when Team Sk... 
Why do many amateur cyclists dope?: Many expressed shock when a major report into doping said amateur cyclists... 
Hosking snares a big win in the Netherlands: Wiggle Honda’s Australian sprinter Chloe Hosking defeated Mariann... 
Orica-GreenEdge’s blistering Giro d’Italia team time trial revealed by on-bike video: A camera mounted on Este... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Fastest bike-path ride ever: The Giro d'Italia's stage 1 team time trial featured seve... 
Inside the Orica-GreenEDGE train with Esteban Chaves: An inside look at the Orica-GreenEDGE Giro d'Italia Stag... 
Report – Tour of the Milburys: James Boyman wins stage &amp; overall in the Tour of the Milburys, Matt Rowe also a... 
Kirchmann wins California stage 2, Komanski takes race lead: Leah Kirchmann wins stage 2 of the 2015 ATOC wome... 
Newtongrange railway station gets cycling boost - MidLothian Advertiser: MidLothian AdvertiserNewtongrange rai... 
Result – Stratford CC Open 10: Win for Matt Clinton ahead of Jon Simpkins in the Stratford CC Open 10 mile tim... 
Gallery: Phil Gaimon’s ‘Cookie Bike’: To promote its new version of the Podium, Diamondback commissioned this ... 
Result – N&amp;DCA 10 mile TT: Matt Plews of Welland Valley CC fastest in the Northampton &amp; District Cycling Assoc... 
California press conference confirms: No clear favorite, except in the sprints: A few of the big names on the ... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 1: Results from the opening stage of the 2015 Giro d'Italia
The post Result... 
Results – Middlesbrough Thursday Crits 4: Paul Tyrrell, Alex Luhrs &amp; Jack Rees winners at week 4 of the Middle... 
Bradley Wiggins to appear on BBC’s Desert Island Discs on Sunday: Sir Bradley Wiggins picks out his favourite ... 
Gerrans parties in Giro pink jersey after difficult days: Simon Gerrans crossed the line first for the TTT-win... 
Live Photos! Wiltshire Grand Prix: Live photos from the third round of the Elite Men’s National Road Series fo... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 2 preview: 

Voxwomen previews a climber-friendly stage 2 of th... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 1 report: 

Highlights from the opening stage of the women's To... 
Team Sky ninth in Giro opener: British-based Team Sky, led by Australian Richie Porte, finish ninth in the fir... 
Anti-doping stakeholders join forces at Tour of California: 

For the first time, the UCI, CADF, and USADA wil... 
Richie Porte and Team Sky’s Giro d’Italia time loss a ‘disappointment’: Richie Porte loses 20 seconds to rival... 
Giro d'Italia: Results and standings: Results and standings for the 2015 Giro d'Italia. 
Orica-GreenEdge wins Giro stage 1 TTT, Gerrans takes pink jersey: Orica-GreenEdge opened the 2014 Giro d'Itali... 
Gerrans in pink as Orica-GreenEDGE blitz Giro time trial: Simon Gerrans will wear the first Maglia Rosa of the... 
Orica-GreenEdge wins Giro d’Italia opening team time trial: Alberto Contador best of the Giro d'Italia overall... 
Giro d’Italia: Simon Gerrans takes pink jersey after team time trial: • Injury prone Australian clocks time of... 
Giro’15 St.1: Orica-Kings Of The TTT!: Race Report: The Orica-GreenEDGE team kept their Giro team time trial c... 
Contador profits as Orica win: Alberto Contador made early gains on his rivals for overall victory at the Giro... 
Colombian start-up aims to make cycling pay by offering rewards and discounts ... - road.cc: Colombian start-u... 
Experts back Alberto Contador for Giro d’Italia win: Riders and team staff pick Alberto Contador as the stand-... 
Petacchi: ‘The Giro still drives me’: Alessandro Petacchi has raced in Langkawi and Turkey this year, but the ... 
Hansen begins epic ride in bid to write name in record books: With a top 10 GC result in the Tour of Turkey, A... 
WIN: RUDY PROJECT GEAR Every Giro Stage!: Celebrate Il Giro d'Italia with Rudy Project and PEZ, and look belli... 
After strong early season, time is now for Porte in Giro: Richie Porte has already prevailed over top GIro riv... 
Team News – NFTO for Wiltshire: In a race for sprinters, NFTO head for the Wiltshire Grand Prix with a strong ... 
Me and my bike: 'Cycling takes me to places I wouldn't otherwise have ... - Norfolk Eastern Daily Press: Norfo... 
News – Hannah Barnes in California: Hannah Barnes wears the young riders jersey in the Women’s Tour of Califor... 
Riding the Via Ferrata: German mountain biker and adventurer Harald Philipp takes us on a hair-raising drone s... 
Hall wins first stage of women’s Amgen Tour of California: Katie Hall of the UnitedHealthcare team won the ope... 
Giro Stage 1 Preview: 
Italy’s most famous finale in Sanremo is the starting point for the Giro with a 17.6km ... 
Cortisol levels rule Bennett out of Giro d'Italia: New Zealand cyclist George Bennett won't start the Giro d'I... 
Four favourites and an outsider lead the Giro: All eyes will be on the known quantities for the Giro'd'Italia.... 
British nobility in the Amgen Tour of California women’s peloton: Decorated para-athlete Sarah Storey (Pearl I... 
Hall wins first stage of Amgen Women’s Tour of California: UnitedHealthcare's Katie Hall sprinted to win stage... 
George Bennett out of Giro d’Italia with low cortisol level: George BennettNew Zealander George Bennett has be... 
Bennett out of Giro due to low cortisol levels: To comply with MPCC rules, LottoNL-Jumbo has pulled George Ben... 
The bluffers' guide to cycling jargon - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyThe bluffers' guide to cycling jargonCyc... 
UCI to test extreme weather protocol at Giro d’Italia: The final week of the 2014 Giro started with stage 16, ... 
Alberto Contador: “The Tour alone doesn’t motivate me 100 percent”: Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) is about t... 
Richie Porte ready to ‘step out of the shadows’ and lead Team Sky at the Giro d’Italia: Having helped Bradley ... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Ready to rip: Photo: Chad Haga
American Chad Haga is excited for his first Giro d'Ital... 
GIRO ’15: PEZ Rides the TTT Corsa!: Trek Factory Racing’s Calvin Watson calls it “a tight, technical course an... 
Video: GCN previews the Giro’s stage 1 TTT: Take a look at the Giro's stage 1 TTT with Global Cycling Network.... 
Photos! Tour of Yorkshire: The editor’s selection of the best photos from the Tour of Yorkshire by Larry Hickm... 
Giro’s team time trial leaves little room for error: The Tinkoff-Saxo team previewed the Giro's technical stag... 
Contador to hold nothing back: Alberto Contador has insisted he will not hold anything back for July’s Tour de... 
Alberto Contador determined to claim Giro-Tour double: Tinkoff-Saxo leader says that the opportunity to win bo... 
Tan Lines: Never More Ready...: Never has he looked more ready to take on, and quite possibly win, a Grand Tou... 
Giro d'Italia: Five to watch: Much of the build-up to the Giro d’Italia has focused on the contenders for over... 
The bluffers’ guide to cycling jargon: Cycling has its own language. So it can be difficult to blag your way a... 
Five key Giro d’Italia stages: 

If you can only watch the Giro a few days during May, these are the five stag... 
Porte can be the toast of this year's Giro d'Italia: Richie Porte may wreck Alberto Contador's Giro-Tour doubl... 
Giro d’Italia will be first test of UCI’s ‘extreme weather protocol’: The peloton climbs the Passo Stelvio on ... 
Tinkoff-Saxo: Contador’s Giro the winning ticket?: If Alberto Contador can deliver at the Giro d'Italia, the m... 
Cycling Scouser sets off from China to Liverpool to raise funds for cancer charity - Liverpool Echo: Liverpool... 
Thousands turn out at Space for Cycling and Pedal on Parliament rides despite 'safety cancellations': Over 4,0... 
Stephens ready to contend at women’s Tour of California: After a strong early season, Lauren Stephens will mak... 
Cycling quiz: how much do you know about the Giro d’Italia?: The Giro d'Italia starts on Saturday, so we want ... 
Tweets of the Week: Geraint Thomas, Alex Dowsett, Ian Bibby and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this week... 
Giro d’Italia: five riders to watch: Team Sky’s Richie Porte is the man in form as the Giro beckons, and if he... 
Team Victory Rankings: 
With the Giro starting tomorrow a quick chance to check the lie of the land across all... 
Analysis: Hard to read tea leaves ahead of grand tour season: GC stars like Chris Froome (Sky) and Alberto Con... 
SRS Provides “Real” Racing for Regions Top Talent: The Southeast Regional Series presented by BikeReg showcase... 
Giro d’Italia 2015 start list: Complete official start list for the 2015 Giro d'Italia (May 9-31), with race n... 
Edmondson takes first pro win: English rider Josh Edmondson claimed his first win as a professional on stage t... 
Kennaugh: I'm back, fit and ready to go: Jupiter London Nocturne ambassador and Team Sky rider Peter Kennaugh ... 
Josh Edmondson wins stage three of Tour d’Azerbaidjan: Twenty-two-year-old British rider Josh Edmondson wins t... 
Results – Castle Combe Summer Series: Zach May leads a 1-2 for NFTO in the Castle Combe Summer Series. Madelin... 
How Team Sky's philosophy transformed a school: Exclusive: Sir Dave Brailsford's vision for cycling was implem... 
Result – Yazor 10 Time Trial: Si Cox leads a 1-2-3 for the NFTO Race Club in the Yazor 10 Time Trial  Result –... 
Richie Porte presents Team Sky for the Giro d'Italia: Richie Porte will head into the Giro d'Italia with a pow... 
Result – Velo Club Baracchi 10: Mark Arnold winner of the Velo Club Baracchi May day 10 mile time trial on the... 
Results – Steven Burke Circuit Series 4: Oliver Payton sprints to victory at Round 4 of the Steven Burke Circu... 
Result – Mallory Park Senior League: The first 2/3/4 handicap at Mallory Park of the season saw an opportunist... 
Bike Balls: Like Truck Nuts for your bike, but bright and shiny: "It takes grit, wit, and huge balls to ride i... 
Van Avermaet free to race after Belgian investigation: The Belgian Cycling Federation has cleared BMC's Greg V... 
Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

Who will carry the pink jersey to Milan? Contador is a five-star favorite, but ... 
Carmen Small wins Pan Am TT championships: Carmen Small won the 2015 Pan American time trial championships in ... 
Cyclist spells out 'Vote Labour' on bike using cycling app in London's West ... - Evening Standard: Evening St... 
The Giro’s Sprinters and Stage Winners: 
Covering the contenders for the Giro is like trying to preview the de... 
Video: GCN’s top 10 riders to watch at the Giro d’Italia: 

Global Cycling Network takes a look at 10 favorite... 
Exclusive: Geraint Thomas on breakthroughs, leadership and what the future holds (video): Team Sky's Geraint T... 
Results – Hillingdon Saturday Crits: Lewis Atkins leads a 1-2 for Pedal Heaven at the Hillingdon Circuit races... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 1 preview: Voxwomen provides a preview of the first stage of th... 
Race organiser defends Giro d’Italia start-list: Leading stars have chosen to prioritise the Tour de France ov... 
Report &amp; Results: Isle of Man’s Youth League: 301 competitors turned out at the NSC last Tuesday night for rou... 
Hesjedal on the Giro d'Italia: I back myself: Ryder Hesjedal is not considered one of the big favourites for t... 
Contador quietly confident: Alberto Contador has said he has “good sensations” ahead of his bid to win the Gir... 
Team News – Novo Nordisk Renews: Global healthcare company Novo Nordisk, renewed its partnership with Team Nov... 
Epic days: the Passo di Gavia, Giro d’Italia 1988: We remember the Gavia stage of the 1988 Giro, when rain tur... 
Novo Nordisk Continues Cycling Team Sponsorship Deal: Global healthcare company Novo Nordisk has renewed its p... 
2015 Giro d’Italia start list: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the Giro d'Italia... 
Telegraph Cycling Podcast's Giro d'Italia preview special: With the Giro d'Italia just round the corner the Te... 
Aru signs new Astana deal: Fabio Aru has signed a new contract with Astana that will keep him at the Kazakh te... 
On-bike cameras set to capture Giro d’Italia action: On-bike cameras are set to be used on eight stages of the... 
Van Avermaet acquitted in Belgian doping investigation: Greg Van Avermaet (BMC) finished third in the 2015 Ron... 
Marcel Kittel will not ride Tour of California as struggles continue: German sprinter Marcel Kittel admits he ... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Col de la Croix de Fer: 

The Col Collective ascends this 27km climb that ave... 
Top 50 road cyclists in the world ranked and rated - in pictures: In pics: Telegraph Sport ranks and rates its... 
Who is winning the Vote Bike race?: As the UK heads to the Polling Station, CTC’s Sam Jones dwells on the simi... 
Van Avermaet cleared of doping: BMC Racing’s Greg van Avermaet has been cleared of doping charges after Belgia... 
Strava art turns political: Author Chris Ward shows us who he plans to vote for with this imaginative piece of... 
Hesjedal leads Cannondale-Garmin squad for Giro: Ryder Hesjedal takes the reins at another Giro for Cannondale... 
Giro d'Italia preview: Team Sky’s Richie Porte and 2008 winner Alberto Contador are among the favourites for o... 
Team Sky announce Tour of California lineup: Sergio Henao will lead Team Sky at the Tour of California as the ... 
Giro d'Italia 2015: the full route from San Lorenzo al Mare to Milan: This year’s race will cover 3,486km thro... 
Do we need 12-speed gears?: Will yet another extra sprocket make us all better cyclists? We explore the possib... 
Tandem duo smash non-stop LEJOG record: Charlie Mitchell and Dominic Irvine break the Land's End to John O'Gro... 
Tremendous table tennis, speedway skills and amateur driving spills | Classic YouTube: This week’s round-up al... 
Results – Litherland Circuit Race League: David McGowan (Pedal Heaven RT) &amp; Marcus Willday (Mid Shropshire Whe... 
EuroTrash Pre-Giro Thursday!: May 07, 2015 - The Giro d'Italia is here and we have lots of team news from Ital... 
Team News – Fusion RT’s Bedford 3 Day: Team news and race report from Fusion RT who won the Bedford 3 Day indi... 
Roads must be cycling safe for all, says Leeds cycling champion - Yorkshire Evening Post: Yorkshire Evening Po... 
Rowe has 'stepped up' says Thomas: Cyclist Luke Rowe is finally fulfilling his potential, says Team Sky team-m... 
Podcast: Romandie wrap-up, Dowsett's Hour, and previewing the Giro: This week on the show we’ll wrap up the To... 
Drapac preps to represent at its first Tour of California: With the majority of eight stages concluding in a s... 
The Avacado shaped wooden bike: Over forty layers of wood were used to create this beautiful and curvaceous fr... 
Cycling innovator and author Jobst Brandt dies at 80: Brandt, known for his engineering brilliance and his aut... 
Wiggins on the hour record warpath: Bradley Wiggins believes he can put the UCI Hour Record "out of reach" whe... 
10 memorable moments from 10 years of Tour of California: There had been talk of a Tour of California for year... 
Richie Porte: My season will be judged on the Giro d'Italia: Interview: Richie Porte has had nine wins this ye... 
Sit up and Beg: Why cycling is becoming more of a leading fashion statement - Gloucestershire Echo: Gloucester... 
Who Will Win The Giro?: 
With Nairo Quintana out of the picture the 2015 Giro d’Italia is likely to feature Fa... 
Video: Global Cycling Network’s Giro d’Italia preview: 

Who will win the Giro? Global Cycling Network takes a... 
Giro d’Italia 2015: Who will win? (video): Alberto Contador on stage 20 of the 2011 Giro d'ItaliaThe 98th edit... 
The world championships: An opportunity to change U.S. cycling: Each year, world championships bring together ... 
Results: Rockingham Forest Wheelers 2-day: Darren Farr of CC Luton wins the Rockingham Forest Wheelers 2-day. ... 
Five pre-ride breakfasts for cyclists (video): It’s the most important meal of the day but breakfast is so oft... 
Results – University Campus Criteriums: Tom Chandler and Jacob Tipper winners at the University Campus Criteri... 
Stephen Roche column: This year’s Giro d’Italia may not have the deepest pool of riders contending for overall... 
Icons of cycling: The Champs-Elysées: Chris Sidwells looks into the history and mystique of the most iconic fi... 
Italy celebrates Giro start without much hope for home win: Astana's Fabio Aru stood on the final Giro podium ... 
Video: Five key stages of the 2015 Giro d'Italia: Ahead of the Giro d’Italia, Cyclingnews takes a look at five... 
Wiggins vows to break hour record: Sir Bradley Wiggins wants to put cycling's iconic hour track record "out of... 
Another revolutionary freehub (video): Belgian inventor Jan Deckx showed us his D-Fix freehub at the London Bi... 
Results – Forest Town Track League 1: Guy Cook of Chesterfield Coureurs and Mark Love of Tuxford Clarion domin... 
Videos of the week: Yorkshire highlights, Cav caught out and more: Catch up with the best videos from the week... 
Quick Chat – Eddie Dunbar (NFTO): Quick chat with Eddie Dunbar of NFTO following his crash on stage 1 of the T... 
Report &amp; Results – Scunthorpe Trophy Meeting: Alister Rutherford, Pete Mitchell &amp; Julian Pearson just three of... 
Preview: Decisive racing packed into Giro’s final week: The climb up the Colle delle Finestre will feature dir... 
Stefan Küng among four new faces for BMC at Giro d’Italia: 21-year-old Swiss rider Stefan Küng is included in ... 
The Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish shines as cycling's past meets its future: Suze Clemitson travelled to Ista... 
Outback and beyond: Lachlan Morton returns to pro racing: 

When talented young Morton became disenchanted wit... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins aims to put hour world record ‘out of reach’: • Wiggins says he could ‘break record tomorr... 
Mark Cavendish faces tough sprint opposition in Tour of California: Mark Cavendish at the Tour of TurkeyFresh ... 
Wiggins eyes 55km hour record: Sir Bradley Wiggins is confident he can reach 55km in his hour record attempt a... 
Sea Otter ’15: Gear Round 2: SRAM 1X11 road, Xentis New wide Wheels, Nuun Plus, Scott Bicycles CX and Pro Tec,... 
Why the Licence Commission did not strip Astana of their WorldTour status: Cycling's governing body, the UCI, ... 
Result – VC Long Eaton 13 TT: Matthew Bottrill winner of the VC Long Eaton 13 mile Time Trial on Saturday 2nd ... 
Alberto Contador: Riis departure has not affected me at all: Tinkoff-Saxo leader Alberto Contador insists Oleg... 
Tour Series Guest Teams: The ten teams who will join the Pearl Izumi Tour Series to race alongside Britain’s f... 
4 Jours de Dunkerque start list:  ADVERTISEMENT
You can read more at 
2015 Giro d'Italia: Five key stages: 

2015 Giro d'Italia: Five key stages

The 2015 Giro d'Italia takes the r... 
Giro’15: The PEZ Preview: Saturday is the big day in Italy for cycling fans, the Giro d'Italia launches its se... 
Nick Clegg wants to turn Britain into a cycling nation – and earns praise from ... - Liberal Democrat Voice: N... 
Eight injury-busting stretches for cyclists - 
Strong Sky squad ready to support Porte: Richie Porte will have the experience of more than 20 editions of the... 
UCI explains reason for not removing Astana licence: International Cycling Union says Astana retained their Wo... 
You can't ride this bike: Once you've learnt to ride a bike, you have the skill for life. But what happens whe... 
BMC aims for pink jersey in Giro team time trial: One of the highlights of BMC Racing's 2014 season was a surp... 
UCI publish Astana licence case reasoned decision: The International Cycling Union has published the Licence C... 
Astance Licence Reasoned Decision: 
The UCI have published the Licence Commission’s reasoned decision to let t... 
Action against Astana stays on hold after team shows progress: • International Cycling Union president Brian C... 
Video: Hincapie Racing looks back at its TTT nationals win: The Hincapie Racing Team won the 2015 men's team t... 
Why Astana kept its WorldTour license: It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco | Brake... 
Richie Porte to lead Team Sky at Giro d'Italia as British outfit fields its first ever Briton-free grand tour ... 
Porte to lead Team Sky in Giro: Australian Richie Porte will lead a nine-man Team Sky squad that contains no B... 
Astana reasoning published: The International Cycling Union (UCI) has confirmed Astana avoided losing their Wo... 
Etixx-QuickStep confirms Rigoberto Uran’s Giro d’Italia team: Belgian team Etixx-QuickStep names the eight men... 
Cavendish, Kittel, Sagan to light up sprints at 10th Amgen Tour of California: Mark Cavendish won the final st... 
Brailsford confident Bradley Wiggins will claim Hour Record: Sir Dave Brailsford says Bradley Wiggins's Hour R... 
Result – Kings Lynn CC 10 : Daniel Bloy fastest in the Kings Lynn CC 10 mile time trial on the B10/37R (Saturd... 
Tour de Yorkshire: where will it go next?: After tremendous success in its inaugural edition, where might the ... 
Result – Wigmore CC 25: Seth Kay of PMR @ Toachim House fastest in the Wigmore CC 25 mile time trial on the Q2... 
Graduation can wait as Rivera aims for worlds: Coryn Rivera (UnitedHealthcare) had some bad luck at criterium ... 
Verity: Yorkshire has all the ingredients to host World Championships: After a successful Tour de Yorkshire, o... 
Porte: This Giro d‘Italia is a big opportunity: Richie Porte had a difficult 2014, with illness affecting ever... 
Reviewed: Bolle 6th Sense prescription sunglasses: If you prefer more protection from the wind, the 6th Sense ... 
Ten ways to tell you’re watching too much cycling on television: If there is such a thing as watching too much... 
Lee’s Giro 2015 Lowdown: The Giro d’Italia is my favorite GT by some distance. I love the Italianness, the sli... 
Surprise Romandie winner Zakarin to race in Giro: Ilnur Zakarin won the Tour de Romandie last weekend and will... 
News – Hillingdon Grand Prix: Paceline RT proud to promote third round of the Women’s National Road Series, th... 
Orica-GreenEdge announce Giro lineup in a very Orica-GreenEdge way: Australian squad Orica-GreenEdge reveals i... 
Cycling lanes to follow new traffic calming islands in Horsham - West Sussex County Times: West Sussex County ... 
News: Aviva Sponsor Women’s Tour &amp; Tour of Britain: Aviva becomes title sponsor of the Women’s Tour and Tour o... 
News – WNT in Yorkshire: Team WNT comes away from The Tour De Yorkshire with heads held high after taking an i... 
Allar wins Dana Point Grand Prix: You can read more at 
Julian Alaphilippe pens new Etixx-Quick-Step deal: Frenchman Julian Alaphilippe ties himself to Etixx-Quick-St... 
Richie Porte confirmed as Team Sky’s leader in Giro d’Italia: • Porte leads nine-man Team Sky squad• Giro begi... 
Brailsford: Swift can recover: Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford is confident Ben Swift can bounce back f... 
Cavendish To Compete In British Championships: Etixx Quick Step's Mark Cavendish will ride in the 2015 British... 
David Millar on life since retirement: 

David Millar on life since retirement

Cyclingnews catches up with fo... 
One million people watch Revolution Track Series: Significant growth in audience for Revolution Track Series i... 
News – Downing’s D-Day: From Yorkshire to Dunkerque, Russell Downing is off to France for CULT Energy Pro Cycl... 
Team Sky confirms Giro d’Italia line-up: Richie Porte will lead Team Sky in the Giro d'Italia (May 9-31)Richie... 
News – Porte leads Sky at Giro: Richie Porte will lead Team Sky for the first Grand Tour of the year, the 2015... 
Porte to lead Sky at Giro: Team Sky have confirmed Richie Porte will lead their bid for victory at this month’... 
Final results – Women’s Bedford 3 Day: Natalie Grinczer &amp; Rebecca Nixon win final two stages with the overall ... 
Results – Condor 3 Day: 16 year old Matthew Webber of the Catford Equipe Jeff Banks wins the Condor 3 Day Resu... 
News – Aviva Tour of Britain: Soreen sponsors the Aviva Tour of Britain for the seventh year in a row News – A... 
Toolbox: Metabolic Fatigue and Carbohydrates: Every cyclist loves to eat, and half of the fun of cycling is in... 
Fresh Rogers ready to support Contador at the Giro d'Italia: Michael Rogers has been absent from the peloton f... 
Orica-GreenEDGE chasing Giro stage victories: Orica-GreenEDGE have set the lofty target of repeating last year... 
Tour Down Under future not guaranteed: The South Australian opposition has called on the state government to c... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Simon Andreassen’s XC race bike: 

Andreassen rides a custom-painted Specialized S-Works Epi... 
Results – Eelmoor Round 1: Pedal Heaven racing team dominate round 1 of the Eelmoor Midweek circuit races with... 
Ilnur Zakarin’s Swiss surprise: Katusha's Ilnur Zakarin raised eyebrows with a win at Tour de Romandie that fe... 
Giro d’Italia countdown -6: Aru ready to step up for Astana: Fabio Aru will begin the Giro d’Italia with just ... 
Result – WCA 25 Welsh Championship: Kieron Davies and Joanna Knight winners in the WCA 25 mile time trial Wels... 
WADA criticizes French TV doping report: A report recently aired on Stade 2, a French television station, whic... 
Ouch! Bono recreates cycling accident as he films with chat show host Jimmy ... - 
Old News: Bio Passport isn’t Watertight: 
News that the athlete bio-passport isn’t foolproof has been doing th... 
Video: How to fix a broken chain: Global Mountain Bike Network explains how to fix a broken chain.
Global Moun... 
Alaphilippe signs two-year extension with Etixx-Quick-Step: 

Ardennes revelation Julian Alaphilippe has exten... 
Meier relishes chance to ride for GC at Tour of Turkey: Christian Meier, seen here during last summer's Tour d... 
Orica’s Giro d’Italia goals: Win stages, wear pink: Orica-GreenEdge won the stage 1 team time trial at the Gir... 
Rough riders: Sitting shotgun in the Mavic neutral service car at Roubaix: 

Caley Fretz takes a ride in the f... 
Malaysian Olympic track hopeful faces lengthy doping ban: Despite delay in his federation realising an offence... 
Gear Break: Mini Reviews You Can Use: The PEZ "Test Bench" is getting crowded - but the testing is on and here... 
News – Cavendish Wins Green in Turkey: Mark Cavendish second on final stage to add to three wins and the Green... 
Yorkshire moves closer to hosting cycling World Championships after success of ... - Daily Mail: Daily MailYor... 
Results – Condor 3 day Stage 1 &amp; 2: Ken Buckley wins stage 2 to take the lead in the Condor 3 day Stage race i... 
VIDEO: Wiggins to try hour record just once: Speaking after competing in the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire, Sir ... 
Results – Bedford Women’s 3 Day: Results from the first two days in the Bedford Women’s 3 Day stage race led b... 
Tour de Romandie Wrap: 
Ilnur Zakarin won the Tour de Romandie, climbing faster than Chris Froome and Nairo Qu... 
Report &amp; Result – Tom Hawkins Spring Classic Road Race: James Porter of Team Tor 2000 wins the Tom Hawkins Spr... 
Tour de Yorkshire gallery: the view from the Cow and Calf: Photographer Russ Ellis joined the crowds on the cl... 
Result – Iceni Duff Morgan Road Race: Tommy Power (Strada Sport) dominated the 45 mile Iceni Duff Morgan Road ... 
EuroTrash Katusha Monday!: May 04, 2015 - The Katusha team are having a great season so far and now they have ... 
Tour de Yorkshire rider turns up just 15 minutes before the race start: Visa problems and flight delays means ... 
Tour Down Under cycling race not certain for South Australia beyond 2016 - The Guardian: The GuardianTour Down... 
Tour Down Under cycling race not certain for South Australia beyond 2016: Australian cycling officials are wai... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 5: The break heads toward the Gila Cliff Dwellings. Photo: Casey B. Gibs... 
Watch the Giro d'Italia LIVE via our Tracker apps: This year’s Giro d’Italia will not only be live on your TV ... 
Rob Britton, Mara Abbott conquer Silver City Tour of the Gila: Michael Woods wins the Gila Monster stage of th... 
Tour de Yorkshire stage three in pictures: Cycling Weekly's Andy Jones captures the best of the action on stag... 
Alex Dowsett holds his nerve to break cycling's hour record in Manchester - The Guardian: The GuardianAlex Dow... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6: Ilnur Zakarin en route to third on the stage and the overall title. P... 
Zakarin seals Tour de Romandie title: Katusha's Ilnur Zakarin claimed the biggest win of his career when he wo... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins bullish over UCI hour record attempt: After compatriot and former team-mate at Sky sets ne... 
Lars-Petter Nordhaug eases through final stage to win Tour de Yorkshire: • Norwegian finishes in front of Spai... 
Nordhaug wins Tour de Yorkshire: Team Sky's Lars Petter Nordhaug wins the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire, ahead o... 
Ben Hermans wins Tour de Yorkshire stage three as Nordhaug seals overall: BMC rider Ben Hermans takes solo vic... 
Tour de Yorkshire: Lars Petter Nordhaug Press Conference Highlights: 

Tour de Yorkshire: Lars Petter Nordhaug... 
Transport Scotland to invest £20 million in cycling - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyTransport Scotland to inve... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6: Results from the final stage of the 2015 Tour de Romandie
The post Re... 
Nordhaug seals Yorkshire title: Team Sky’s Lars Petter Nordhaug sealed overall victory of the Tour de Yorkshir... 
Ilnur Zakarin finishes 3rd in ITT to clinch Tour de Romandie title: Ilnur Zakarin rides to third in the final ... 
2015 Tour de Romandie: Stage 6 Highlights: 

2015 Tour de Romandie: Stage 6 Highlights

Highlights of the fina... 
The most amazing thing about Dowsett’s Hour? He could have gone faster: For the past six months, Bradley Wiggi... 
Froome settles for third in Romandie after lacklustre final time trial: Chris Froome's hopes of a third consec... 
Froome loses Romandie crown: Chris Froome had to settle for third place at the Tour de Romandie after race lea... 
Kristijan Durasek hangs on to win 2015 Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Lluis Mas Bonet steals a march on ... 
Durasek wins Tour of Turkey as Mas pips Cavendish in on final stage: Kristijan Durasek secured the overall tit... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 4: Guillaume Boivin leads Eric Young and Chris Horner through the last c... 
Cavendish wins sprinter's jersey: Britain's Mark Cavendish takes home the sprinter's jersey after finishing se... 
Bradley Wiggins on Alex Dowsett &amp; The Hour Record: 

Bradley Wiggins on Alex Dowsett &amp; The Hour Record

Cyclin... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins on course to break Alex Dowsett’s World Hour Record: • World time trial champion aiming to... 
Transport Scotland to invest £20 million in cycling: The large amount of government funding will be used in an... 
Alberto Contador and the Giro d'Italia that never was: When Alberto Contador touched down at Turin’s Caselle a... 
Pez Bookshelf: Maglia Rosa – Triumph &amp; Tragedy At The Giro d’Italia: Book Review: Sometimes a party is so good... 
Tour of Turkey – Three for Cavendish: The Isle of Man’s Mark Cavendish of Etixx – Quick-Step wins his third st... 
Tour de Yorkshire stage 2 reaction: 

Tour de Yorkshire stage 2 reaction

Reaction from Philip Deignan, Steven... 
Result – Condor 3 Day Stage 1: Christophe Demoulin winner of stage 1 in the Condor 3 Day at VeloPark in London... 
Lucas Sebastian Haedo, Hannah Barnes win Silver City Crit: Sebastian Haedo unleashed a blistering sprint from ... 
Daniele Ratto vows to fight to finish for Tour of Turkey’s green jersey: Daniele Ratto takes the green points ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 5: The peloton comes to Fribourg. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspor... 
ALDI cycling bargains available this Sunday only - Cycling Weekly: ALDI cycling bargains available this Sunday... 
VIDEO: Dowsett breaks iconic hour record: Britain's Alex Dowsett breaks cycling's iconic hour record in front ... 
Alex Dowsett breaks Rohan Dennis's UCI Hour Record: Australian Rohan Dennis no longer holds the world hour rec... 
Report – Alex Dowsett’s Better than #PerfectHour: After five hard months dedicated and committed training, Ale... 
Swift to undergo surgery: Team Sky’s Ben Swift will undergo surgery to repair “internal" shoulder damage he su... 
Alex Dowsett sets hour record at Manchester Velodrome: Movistar rider lays down new marker to join giants of t... 
Highlights from Alex Dowsett's Hour Record ride (courtesy of Team Movistar): 

Highlights from Alex Dowsett's ... 
Ilnur Zakarin leads Tour de Romandie as Thibault Pinot wins stage 5: Thibault Pinot ends his victory drought i... 
Froome fights to stay in touch as Pinot takes Romandie stage win: Sky rider dropped twice by peloton but finis... 
Report – Womens’ York Road Race: First ever Women’s Tour de Yorkshire won in thrilling bunch sprint by Louise ... 
Moreno Hofland sprints home to win stage two of the Tour de Yorkshire: • Victory is LottoNL-Jumbo team’s first... 
Cycle-pathic: women's cycling coaching sessions in Glasgow - Herald Scotland (blog): Herald Scotland (blog)Cyc... 
Tour de Romandie Stage 5 race highlights: 

Tour de Romandie Stage 5 race highlights

Cyclingnews is the world... 
Froome poised in Romandie: Chris Froome remains third overall going into Sunday’s final day of the Tour de Rom... 
Moreno Hofland takes stage two at Tour de Yorkshire for LottoNL-Jumbo’s first win: Moreno Hofland (LottoNL-Jum... 
Moreno Hofland on his Tour de Yorkshire stage win: 

Moreno Hofland on his Tour de Yorkshire stage win

Cyclin... 
Hofland sprints to win in York: The Netherlands’ Moreno Hofland sprinted to victory on stage two of the Tour d... 
Hofland takes Tour de Yorkshire win: Moreno Hofland sprints to victory in York on stage two of the three-stage... 
Alex Dowsett holds his nerve to break cycling’s Hour Record in Manchester: • Briton beats mark set by Australi... 
Mark Cavendish takes 3rd victory at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish took the hat trick the... 
Louise Mahé wins Tour de Yorkshire women’s race: Ikon-Mazda's Louise Mahé pips national crit champion Eileen R... 
Tom Boonen wants another crack at the classics on his terms: Tom Boonen would like another crack at the classi... 
Dowsett breaks hour record: Britain’s Alex Dowsett produced a perfectly measured ride to break the world hour ... 
Cavendish wins stage seven in Turkey: Britain's Mark Cavendish claims stage seven of the Tour of Turkey from S... 
Giro d'Italia 2015: Top 10 GC contenders to watch: 

Giro d'Italia 2015: Top 10 GC contenders to watch

Defend... 
Alex Dowsett cracks hour record at Manchester Velodrome: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) took on "the longest hour" Sa... 
Britain's Dowsett sets hour record: Commonwealth champion Alex Dowsett sets a new world record for riding the ... 
Tour de Yorkshire stage one in pictures: Our photographer Russell Ellis was on the ground in Yorkshire and her... 
Chris Opie’s Strava shows the challenging start in Tour de Yorkshire: One Pro Cycling rider Chris Opie uploade... 
Mark Cavendish on life in the saddle: 'I just love to win': The Etixx-Quick-Step sprinter takes time out from ... 
Over 250,000 watch Tour de Yorkshire: Organisers of the Tour de Yorkshire cycle race say more than a quarter o... 
Giro d'Italia countdown - 7: Indurain on doing the Giro-Tour double double: As Alberto Contador prepares for h... 
'Cycling is the perfect sport for transvestites': The award-winning artist Grayson Perry leads a double life: ... 
Let Rebellin Ride: 
With the Giro coming up in a week’s time who is the in-form Italian of the moment? Davide ... 
PEZ Talk: The Veloroos!: Who are The Veloroos? Well they are the first Australian, all female team, to take pa... 
Tour of Yorkshire Stage 2: Pre race pics from the second stage of the Tour of Yorkshire with much more on the ... 
Dowsett tackles hour cycling record - Belfast Telegraph: Belfast TelegraphDowsett tackles hour cycling recordB... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 3: 

The men's and women's UCI races take on the race of truth in New Me... 
Cycling: Tour de Yorkshire begins in brutal fashion - The Star: The StarCycling: Tour de Yorkshire begins in b... 
Küng celebrates Romandie stage win in first year as a pro: BMC’s 22-year-old new pro put in a mature and gutsy... 
Amgen Tour of California announces television schedule: 

A complete listing of the Tour of California's broad... 
Tour de Yorkshire blog: “by ‘eck that were a tuff’un”: Riders taken by surprise on stage one of the Tour de Yo... 
Stephens and Zirbel win Tour of the Gila TT: Tom Zirbel and Lauren Stephens prove fastest on a calm day in New... 
Tour de Yorkshire: Lars Petter Nordhaug sprint ensures Sky do not slip up: • Norwegian outsprints France’s Tho... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 4: The peloton suffers through a rainy day in stage 4 and a young Swiss ... 
Stefan Küng solos to victory on Tour de Romandie stage four: Swiss BMC rider leaves breakaway companions behin... 
Lars Petter Nordhaug on his stage 1 victory at the 2015 Tour de Yorkshire: 

Lars Petter Nordhaug on his stage... 
Froome stays in Romandie hunt: Britain's Chris Froome and Simon Yates remain third and fourth overall at the T... 
Stefan Küng rides solo to victory in fourth stage of Tour of Romandie: • Michael Albasini still 20 seconds in ... 




Cyclingnews is the world's leading cycling website, bringing y... 
Team Sky’s Nordhaug wins Tour de Yorkshire stage one: Lars Petter Nordhaug sprints to victory in Scarborough t... 
Nordhaug wins Yorkshire opener: Team Sky’s Lars Petter Nordhaug sprinted to victory on an attritional first st... 
Man's love of cycling saves his leg after limb is snapped when freak wave ... - 
Stefan Kung solos to Romandie win in rainy stage 4: BMC's Küng rides alone through cold and rainy conditions, ... 
Tour de Yorkshire win for Nordhaug: Team Sky's Lars Petter Nordhaug wins the first stage of the three-day Tour... 
Alex Dowsett goes for hour record as Bradley Wiggins waits in the wings: The curtain is going up on the Hour a... 
Childhood ambition fires Dowsett’s hour record bid: England's Alex Dowsett claimed TT gold at the 2014 Commonw... 
Roundup: The best bike tech on show at Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2015: We spotted a range of tech features and DIY ... 
Ben Swift ruled out of Tour de Yorkshire: Team Sky leader forced to abandon with 50km remaining of opening sta... 
Bilbao wins Turkey stage 6, Durasek snatches GC lead: Caja Rural's Pello Bilbao climbs to a stage win, while K... 
Marcel Kittel abandons Tour de Yorkshire on stage one: German sprinter pulls out of race with illness mid-way ... 
Marcel Kittel's Giant Propel: 

Marcel Kittel's Giant Propel

Cyclingnews is the world's leading cycling websi... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 2: 

The second stage of the Tour of the Gila took the men's and women's... 
New Merida bike debuts at Liege-Bastogne-Liege: A new zebra-striped Merida bike was spotted at Liege-Bastogne-... 
As the Vuelta turns 80, has it lost its mojo?: The Vuelta takes place in front of a dramatic backdrop at the e... 




Cyclingnews is the world's leading cycling website, bringing y... 
Stars turn out for Tour de Yorkshire presentation (gallery): Bradley Wiggins, Marcel Kittel and Thomas Voeckle... 
Giro Stage Guide: 
Here’s a list of all the Giro stages with their profiles and a summary preview. You’ll find... 
Cycling quiz: name the 70s world champion: Can you remember who wore the rainbow stripes during the 1970s? Mic... 
Saffron Walden cycling club Walden Velo invites public to join Ride 101 event - Cambridge News: Cambridge News... 
Readers’ Rigs: Felt AR FRD: It's time for Readers' Rigs again, the column where everyday Pez fans send in phot... 
Matt Prior prepares assault on Tour de Yorkshire: Former England cricketer astounded by his cycling team's dev... 
Festival Luxembourgeois du cyclisme féminin Elsy Jacobs start list: You can read more at 
Poll: How should we support Porte at the Giro d'Italia?: With the Giro d'Italia only one week away, it's time ... 
Terror threat in Germany heightens Grand Tour security fears: Police in Germany have thwarted a planned terror... 
Modolo gets first season victory in Turkey: Sacha Modolo claimed his first victory of the season with success ... 
'Liberated' Wiggins plans to attack: Sir Bradley Wiggins says he is not trying to win the inaugural three-day ... 
Overlooked Aussie Jay McCarthy quietly contending for Turkey GC: Jay McCarthy (Tinkoff-Saxo) is proving himsel... 
Albasini strikes again at Tour de Romandie: Orica-GreenEDGE's Michael Albasini has extended his Tour de Romand... 
Marcel Kittel returns from injury at the Tour de Yorkshire: 

Marcel Kittel returns from injury at the Tour de... 
Former Olympian Bouchard-Hall chosen as USA Cycling CEO - Yahoo News UK: Cyclingnews.comFormer Olympian Boucha... 
Optum sweeps Tour of the Gila stage 2 with Young and Ewart: Eric Young sprints to victory, and Annie Ewart's l... 
News – Tour de Yorkshire 2015: A look at the latest news for the Tour de Yorkshire which starts on Friday in B... 
Wiggins happy again after leaving Sky: Bradley Wiggins says he's optimistic about his upcoming hour record att... 
German race Eschborn-Frankfurt cancelled after terror threat: The annual Frankfurt race was called off after a... 
Amgen Tour of California announces women’s TT roster: World champion Lisa Brennauer will be the odds-on favori... 
Bradley Wiggins liberated from Team Sky: 

Bradley Wiggins liberated from Team Sky

From:
cyclingnewstv
Views... 
Bradley Wiggins aiming for fastest ever 10 mile time trial: Time trial world champion Sir Bradley Wiggins has ... 
Cookson: ‘People willing to invest in our sport again’: Although the CIRC report contains many unsettling reve... 
Dowsett can break record - Boardman: Former Olympic champion Chris Boardman believes Alex Dowsett can break th... 
German cycling race cancelled after discovery of bomb-making kit: • Annual Eschborn-Frankfurt race cancelled a... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 3: Albasini again proves fastest in Romandie as another hilly stage, mar... 
Pro’s Closet vintage pro bike video: Moninger’s 1991 Serotta: The Pro's Closet takes a look back at the bike t... 
Kittel can find his feet and form in Tour de Yorkshire: Sean Kelly, Irish legend and Eurosport expert, thinks ... 
Dowsett backed by Boardman: Former Olympic champion Chris Boardman is backing Alex Dowsett to set a new world ... 
Bloody minded: Dowsett's record bid: Doctors urged Alex Dowsett to take up chess when he was told he had a blo... 
Bradley Wiggins confirmed to ride Hull time trial: Sir Bradley Wiggins has submitted his entry to compete in a... 
Live! Tour of Yorkshire Stage 1: Day 1 of the Tour of Yorkshire and we’ll be tweeting some pictures from race ... 
Michael Albasini builds 20-second lead over Chris Froome in Tour of Romandie: • Swiss rider wins third stage i... 
Wiggle exec and former pro Derek Bouchard-Hall appointed CEO of USA Cycling: Derek Bouchard-Hall, former natio... 
Froome stays third in Romandie: British duo Chris Froome and Simon Yates retained third and fourth place overa... 
Le battered sausage whets appetites for Tour de Yorkshire: The surroundings – and some would say the cuisine –... 
Michael Albasini retains lead in Romandie with stage three win: Michael Albasini wins stage two of the 2015 To... 
Families club together to raise funds after charity cycling event - getreading: getreadingFamilies club togeth... 
Martine McCutcheon launches CTC’s Big Bike Revival: Former EastEnders and Love Actually star Martine McCutcheo... 
Take two: Albasini wins second Romandie stage, wearing yellow: Race leader Michael Albasini sprints to a secon... 
Dowsett spotlights hour record ahead of Wiggins ride: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) will take on 'the longest hour' ... 
Women only rides - why do we need more of them?: Are women-only rides anti-inclusivity and as sexist as having... 
Contador: Riis departure from Tinkoff-Saxo was unexpected: Alberto Contador says the departure of Bjarne Riis ... 
Rebellin extends lead, Modolo notches first win of year in Turkey: Lampre-Merida's Sacha Modolo sprinted to vi... 
Cycling injuries mean Bono still can’t play guitar, five months after crash: Bono suffered a shattered arm, fr... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins and his new team get into gear for Tour de Yorkshire: The 2012 Tour de France winner will ... 
SNP aims for cycling to make up 10 per cent of journeys in Scotland: In response to the #ChooseCycling network... 
Brits Creeggan and Coleman take the spoils at Mallorca312 sportive: Dave Creeggan and Sophie Coleman were the ... 
The long and slow journey towards equal pay and attention for women's sport: Squash is awarding equal prize mo... 
Astana’s Fall into the UCI Vacuum: 
Astana kept their World Tour licence after the UCI’s Licence Commission ga... 
PEZ Talk: BMC’s Joey Rosskopf: Joey Rosskopf has had a hard baptism of fire in the European Spring Classics an... 
The Arrow- Cycling Weekly Sportive Series: With a new home for 2015, moving north to Market Rasen, The Arrow h... 
Team News – Russell Downing Back Home: The CULT Energy Pro Cycling team with Russell Downing ready to take on ... 
Cycling: 'Tired' Bottrill breaks 10-year-old record - Leicester Mercury: Cycling: 'Tired' Bottrill breaks 10-y... 
Tour de Yorkshire 2015 route: Stage by stage: Full preview for the stages of the 2015 Tour de Yorkshire (May 1... 
Results – Litherland Circuit League 4: Andrew Disley &amp; Ryan Pike winners at round 4 of the Litherland Circuit ... 
EuroTrash Romandie Thursday!: Apr 30, 2015 - Geraint Thomas took the lead and lost it in the Tour de Romandie;... 
Results – MK Bowl Saturday Crits: Phoebe Speck, Cameron Foster and Liam Stones of Raleigh winners at the Milto... 
Results – Salt Ayre Youth Series 3: Alistair Leivers &amp; Amy Monkhouse among winners at week 3 of the Salt Ayre ... 
Lee’s Liège Lowdown: Valverde Dominance!: It's been a busy week for Alejandro Valverde, the Astana team and Le... 
Tour of Romandi – Yates 4th overall: Good day for Orica as former Tour of Britain winner Michael Albasini wins... 
Results – Maindy Crits 3: Si Cox of NFTO Race Club and Amy Elizabeth Hill winners at week 3 of the Maindy Crit... 
Alberto Contador exclusive: Recovered from injury and ready for the Giro d'Italia: As he prepares to battle fo... 
Podcast: Liège, bike motors, Rebellin and Romandie: This week on the Cycling Central Podcast the team wraps up... 
Rafael Montiel wins Tour of the Gila opener: Rafael Montiel attacked from the break to drop riders and go on t... 
Tour of California broadcast details: The eight-stage Tour of California will be live on SBS in May! The race ... 
It's delicious, creamy and un-Australian: Nathan Haas, Garmin-Cannondale's Australian man about town, takes a ... 
Greipel gets Turkey victory: Time was running out for Andre Greipel to get a stage win at the Tour of Turkey b... 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the ... 
Albasini takes Romandie lead: Orica-GreenEDGE's Michael Albasini has sprinted his way into the Tour de Romandi... 
Abbott delivers stage 1 Gila win riding for Amy D. Foundation: Representing the Amy D. Foundation on a composi... 
Tories promise £10-a-head funding boost for cycling: A future Conservative government would dramatically incre... 
Prince Charles takes part in cycling classes as Royal Baby wait continues - Daily Mail: Daily MailPrince Charl... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Alex Dowsett’s Canyon hour record setup: 

Briton Alex Dowsett will have a crack at the long... 
Orica, Giant, Katusha, Cannondale confirmed for Tour of Alberta: Daryl Impey won the Tour of Alberta on the fi... 
Commentary: Road rage: Illustration by Dave Brinton.
Dan Wuori decides to start yelling at cyclists — but not ... 
Puncture costs Thomas Romandie lead: A puncture sees Geraint Thomas lose the lead in the Tour of Romandie but ... 
Giro d’Italia starts without a British rider for the first time in 16 years: The 2015 Giro d'Italia will not f... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 2: Orica-GreenEdge gets its revenge as Albasini sprints to stage win and... 
Thomas loses Romandie lead: An ill-timed puncture saw Geraint Thomas lose his race lead and fall out of conten... 
Team Sky's Ben Swift wary of Sir Bradley Wiggins threat ahead of inaugural edition of Tour de Yorkshire: Rothe... 
Results – Mallory Youth League: Josh Giddings and Lotta Mansfield among the winners at the Raleigh Mallory Par... 
TomTom launches action camera (video): TomTom has launched a new action camera with novel smartphone-based edi... 
Chris Froome in to third at Tour of Romandie as Michael Albasini wins stage two: • Froome 10 seconds behind Al... 
Cavendish retains Turkey points lead: Mark Cavendish remains in the Tour of Turkey points leader's jersey desp... 
Results – Hillingdon Tuesday Night Series: Jon Saunders and Simon Holt of Pedal Heaven winners at the Hillingd... 
Mark Cavendish retains points leader’s jersey in Tour of Turkey: • Cavendish dropped on climb before sprint fi... 
Albasini sprints into yellow jersey in Romandie: Michael Albasini now holds the overall lead at Tour de Romand... 
Equal prize money for Shrewsbury Grand Prix: The winners of both the Pro Crit and Women only races at the Shre... 
Giro iCal: 
10 days to go. Just as there’s a season-long calendar of all the major men’s and women’s races to ... 
Team Wiggins partners with SRAM and Zipp: Team Wiggins will use SRAM groupsets and Zipp wheels on its bikes fo... 
Ayr Roads Cycling Club set to host their most prestigious event for years next ... - Scottish Daily Record: Sc... 
Extra credit: Ben King broadens his horizons off the bike: After five years as an international pro, Ben King ... 
Andre Greipel wins Tour of Turkey stage four: Andre Greipel takes third victory of the season as Davide Rebell... 
Video: GCN’s tips on braking better to ride faster: 

Global Cycling Network demonstrates some braking techniq... 
The seven oddest Giro d’Italia stages: Basso Ivan (ITA) Liquigas - Doimo, Maglia Rosa, in Arena Photo : Yuzuru... 
Chad Haga Journal: Heading home to celebrate: Shane and I aren’t confused for twins so often anymore. Photo: C... 
Behind the scenes at Team Wiggins: Cycling Weekly was on hand to witness the new British squad's debut at last... 
Boardman: Tories’ cycling pledge will only scratch the surface: The Conservatives have pledged to spend £10 pe... 
Hansen to ride support for Van den Broeck and Greipel at Giro: Australian Adam Hansen will line up for the Gir... 
Manx British Championships bid fails: The Isle of Man loses out to Stockton in its bid to host the 2016 Britis... 
GoPro launches live action transmitter: GoPro's cameras are increasingly being used to record on-bike video of... 
Ronde van Overijssel Women start list: You can read more at 
Tour de Yorkshire to make history: Stunning scenery and top-name riders should ensure the inaugural Tour de Yo... 
Wokingham Bikeability event aims to encourage families to cycling - getreading: getreadingWokingham Bikeabilit... 
Tour de Yorkshire to make history: Stunning scenery and top-name riders should ensure the inaugural Tour de Yo... 
Getting dropped? Maybe it's your position in the bunch: Specialized heads into the wind tunnel to find out exa... 
Turn your bike into a smart bike with the Connected Pedal: Now on crowd funding website Indigogo, the Connecte... 
2015 Tour of the Gila start list: You can read more at 
Rebellin defies the years and history to lead the Tour of Turkey: The career of 43-year-old Davide Rebellin wi... 
Rebellin will not race the Giro d’Italia: Although Davide Rebellin showed off his impressive form with a win a... 
The Giro will be the defining race of Richie Porte's career | Alex Hinds: If the Australian is to go the dista... 
Eric Marcotte: The power of the U.S. pro criterium champion: Eric Marcotte (Team SmartStop) became the first m... 
Sky edges out Orica-GreenEDGE in Romandie TTT opener: Chris Froome's hopes of a third straight win on the Tour... 
Team Sky win Tour de Romandie opening team time trial - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyTeam Sky win Tour de Rom... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 1: 

Team Sky wins a nail-biter, dispatching Orica-GreenEdge by less tha... 
Technical FAQ: Chainring and cog compatibility: Photo: Logan VonBokel | 
Lennard Zinn hel... 
How the Giro used to be won (video): With the Giro d’Italia just around the corner and manufacturers launching... 
Spotted: Merida road prototype: The new Merida frame, spotted in Liège, has a large, square downtube. Photo: S... 
Geraint Thomas claims yellow as Sky rule time trial at Tour de Romandie: • Team Sky narrowly beat Orica-GreenE... 
Froome’s Team Sky edges Romandie time trial: Two-time defending Tour de Romandie champ Chris Froome and his Sk... 
GPS pedal exceeds crowdfunding target in just one day: Connected Cycle's GPS pedals alert bike owners when the... 
Wiggins: London a fast track: Sir Bradley Wiggins has declared London’s Lee Valley VeloPark the “best place” t... 
Tour de Romandie 2015 stage 1 highlights: 

Tour de Romandie 2015 stage 1 highlights

Cyclingnews is the world... 
Ted King will retire from pro cycling after 2015: American Ted King will wrap up his seven-year stint in the E... 
Report &amp; Results – Reading Track League 1: Rachael Elliott reports on the first night of the 2015 Reading Trac... 
Team Sky win Romandie TTT: Chris Froome gained an early march on his rivals for overall victory at the Tour de... 
Commuting in London ‘more stressful than moving house’: While those who commute by car or train waste an avera... 
Rebellin wins stage 3 in Turkey, takes over GC lead: Davide Rebellin (CCC Sprandi-Polkowice) won stage 3 at th... 
Result – Westmorland Tankard Road Race: Adam Darbyshire of St Helens CRC winner of the category 3/4 Westmorlan... 
Strava clocks Scottish politician speeding after he forgets to switch off app: Scottish Liberal Democrat leade... 
News – An Post Rás na mBan Women’s Tour: Entries Open for An Post Rás na mBan (Women’s Stage Race) as new Brit... 
Julian Alaphilippe plays down Ardennes Classics breakthrough: Despite two runners-up spots at Flèche Wallonne ... 
Giro d’Italia: Aru rides into the unknown: Fabio Aru enters the Giro d'Italia with a question mark on his back... 
Cycling app shows Lib Dem chief Willie Rennie is world's fastest man on two ... - Scottish Daily Record: Scott... 
Green Party pledges to spend £30 per head per year on cycling: In response to British Cycling's #ChooseCycling... 
In the News: MPCC president Legeay defends organization’s mission: The Movement Pour Cyclisme Crédible is lobb... 
Cavendish reveals he won Turkey stage two with a flat tyre: Mark Cavendish says he felt his tyre going flat wi... 
Edinburgh cycling infrastructure gets £5m boost: Sustainable transport charity Sustrans distributes £5m around... 
Chris Froome expects tougher race as he searches for Romandie hat-trick: A team time trial and a summit finish... 
Result – VTTA Open 25: Matt Sinclair fastest in the VTTA (Nottingham and East Midlands Group) open 25 mile tim... 
Matt Bottrill in record breaking mode: From one legend to another – Matt Bottrill slashes Stuart Dangerfield’s... 
Toolbox: Cardiovascular Fatigue: The heart is a muscle, and can be trained just like any other muscle in your ... 
Cycling star Gabz Cullaigh ready to introduce the world's best to his back yard - Huddersfield Examiner: Hudde... 
Tour de Yorkshire: riding the stage 1 route: After its magnificent hosting of the Tour de France last year, ro... 
Rund um den Finanzplatz Eschborn-Frankfurt start list: You can read more at 
Giro d'Italia broadcast details: SBS will broadcast every stage of the Giro d'Italia live. When possible, we w... 
Tour de Romandie Preview: 
With the spring classics done it’s time for the stage races. There’s no immediate s... 
Football star Bosnich pleads guilty to injuring cyclist: Former Football star-turned-commentator Mark Bosnich ... 
Two from two for Cavendish in Turkey: Mark Cavendish claimed his second consecutive stage victory at the Tour ... 
Tour de Romandie 2015: Who will win?: We rate the chances of the leading contenders in the 2015 Tour de Romand... 
Tour de Romandie 2015 preview: A full look ahead to the 2015 Tour de Romandie (April 28-May 3): stages, teams,... 
Think cycling's a pain in the neck? Periscope for bikes lets cyclists relax ... - Daily Mail: Daily MailThink ... 
Greipel struggles to crack podium in Tour of Turkey: Andre Greipel (far right) finished eighth in Sunday's Tou... 
Etixx-Quick-Step to Tour de Romandie: Look ahead by Etixx-Quick-Step to the week long Tour de Romandie startin... 
Yates: Chris Froome the man to beat at Tour de Romandie: Orica-GreenEdge's Simon Yates believes Chris Froome w... 
Report – Scottish TT Championships: Chris Smart and Lynsey Curran become Scottish Time Trial Champions for the... 
New sponsors keep North Star Grand Prix alive for 2015: The North Star Grand Prix closes out with a challengin... 
Storey shares Hour Record advice as Dowsett’s attempt draws near: Alex Dowsett will attempt to break the UCI H... 
Cavendish wins again in Turkey: Mark Cavendish retained his lead of the Tour of Turkey by winning for the seco... 
Five things we learned from the Ardennes Classics: The Spring Classics are over for another year so it's a per... 
Cavendish wins second stage in a row: Mark Cavendish makes it back-to-back stage wins at the start of the Tour... 
Leadville adds three-day stage race: 

The three-day stage race will cover the same course as the single-day e... 
Mark Cavendish claims second straight stage win to keep Tour of Turkey lead: • Cavendish edges out Sacha Modol... 
Wiggins to race against Sky at upcoming Tour de Yorkshire: Bradley Wiggins ended his career in a Sky kit at Pa... 
Team News – Cav wins Again in Turkey: Etixx – Quick-Step rider Mark Cavendish won his second straight stage in... 
Kittel to make racing return at Tour de Yorkshire: Marcel Kittel's only win this year came in January's People... 
Some Classic Moments: 
Gent-Wevelgem was the stand-out race of the 2015 spring classics campaign and a shoe-in... 
Nick Clegg pledges to help turn Britain into a cycling nation: In response to British Cycling's #ChooseCycling... 
Matrix Fitness Grand Prix Series: Entries to the women’s Matrix Fitness Grand Prix Series events during May an... 
Nick Clegg confirms Lib Dem pledge on cycling spend - but Labour says sums ... - road.cc: British CyclingNick ... 
Mark Cavendish makes it two out of two in Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish retains overall lead in the Tour of T... 
Results – Essex Roads Road Races: Thomas Power (Cat 3/4) and Hayley Simmonds (womens) winners at the Essex Roa... 
Cyclists are worst road users, claims Devon HGV boss: Bill Hockin, director of William C Hockin Transport says... 
Sea Otter Gear ’15: Round 1: Here's Round 1 of our gear coverage from the 2015 Sea Otter Classic:  W Cup Nutri... 
Thousands take part in Pedal on Parliament in Edinburgh: Pedal on Parliament demands safer roads for cyclists ... 
Will CWIS keep politicians honest?: Can the latest government offering for cycling be the tincture of truth ne... 
Post race chat: CiCLE Classic: Talking to Steele Von Hoff, Harry Tanfield, Karol Domagalski and Ian Bibby afte... 
Result – Otley CC 25: Andy Jackson leads a 1-2 for Team Swift in the Oyley CC 25 mile time trial on Sunday (26... 
EuroTrash Valverde Monday!: Apr 27, 2015 - After the week Alejandro Valverde has had, he has to be the Top Sto... 
Team News – Win for Cav in Turkey: Etixx – Quick-Step’s Mark Cavendish wins stage 1 in Tour of Turkey with his... 
Ex-serviceman makes his international debut in hand cycling at world-class ... - Norfolk Eastern Daily Press: ... 
Liège-Bastogne-Liège – 3 for Valverde: Huge week for Alejandro Valverde as he wins Liège-Bastogne-Liège for th... 
Ghost rider: A video created by Cycling Canada to encourage people to “Hop On”. 
Provisional Tour de Romandie start list: You can read more at 
Justine Miliband veers to the right... and breaks countless cycling laws in ... - Daily Mail: Daily MailJustin... 
Cavendish beats Ewan in Tour of Turkey opener: Mark Cavendish held off Caleb Ewan to win the opening stage of ... 
Results – RTTC Classic Circuit Series: Emily Robertson &amp; Matthew Bottrill winners at round 3 of the RTTC Class... 
Bad luck continues for Gerrans at Liège: Simon Gerrans's run of bad luck continued at Liège-Bastogne-Liège wit... 
Result – Banjo Cycles TT: Samuel Henning of Catford CC was the winner of the Banjo Cycles Time Trial on Saturd... 
Result – Yorksport Circuit Races: Lauren Dawber &amp; Richard Hepworth (Sportgrub Kuota) winners at the Yorksport ... 
Gallery: Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Across the line first for the third time. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Result – Out of the Saddle Spring Road Race: Joseph Clark wins a 60 up bunch kick to take victory in the Out o... 
Report – Stockbridge Road Race: Ryan Perry riding for the Army Cycling Union wins the Stockbridge Road Race Re... 
Simon Yates rides through ups and downs at Liege, aims for Tour: Simon Yates, shown in stage 14 of the 2014 To... 
Steele Von Hoff wins CiCLE Classic without realising it: NFTO's Steele Von Hoff thinks he is sprinting for fif... 
Cycling hero Brian reflects on career - Batley News: Batley NewsCycling hero Brian reflects on careerBatley Ne... 
Martin, Gerrans and Roche caught up in Liege-Bastogne-Liege crash (video): Large crash with 40km to go in Lieg... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Liège-Bastogne-Liège: 
Alejandro Valverde sprints for the line ahead of Julian Al... 
Result – Women’s Cheshire Classic: Dame Sarah Storey of Pearl Izumi Sports Tours beats British Champion Laura ... 
Mark Cavendish takes opener at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish wins the opener to the Pres... 
Liège’15: The Bullet Hits!: Race Report: Ed Hood told us last week, even before Flèche Wallonne, that Alejandr... 
Alejandro Valverde victory in Liège wraps up remarkable Classics season: • Spain’s Movistar rider takes sprint... 
Valverde sprints to Liege win: Spain's Alejandro Valverde won the prestigious one-day classic Liege-Bastogne-L... 
Valverde wins Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Spain's Alejandro Valverde wins the Liege-Bastogne-Liege race, one of the ... 
Results: 2015 Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Results from the 101st Liège-Bastogne-Liège
The post Results: 2015 Liege-B... 
Valverde crafts a third career Liège-Bastogne-Liège victory: Alejandro Valverde put on a masterclass of racing... 
Mark Cavendish starts Tour of Turkey with sprint win in Alanya: • Etixx-Quick-Step rider finishes ahead of Cal... 
Cavendish wins Turkey opener: Mark Cavendish took an early lead of the Tour of Turkey by sprinting to victory ... 
Cavendish wins Tour of Turkey stage: Britain's Mark Cavendish wins the first Tour of Turkey stage in a sprint ... 
Alejandro Valverde wins Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2015: Alejandro Valverde wins the 2015 Liege-Bastogne-LiegeSpania... 
Alejandro Valverde takes Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Alejandro Valverde celebrates after winning the 101st Liege-Bas... 
Mark Cavendish wins Tour of Turkey opener: Nicola Ruffoni, Mark Cavendish and Caleb Ewen on the podium after S... 
Sellafield Nuclear Plant becomes England's cycling Employer of the Year - road.cc: Cycling WeeklySellafield Nu... 
Oxford’s cycling infrastructure ‘must improve’: Prospective Parliamentary Candidates from all political partie... 
Live! 2015 CiCLE Classic: Today sees the 11th edition of the CiCLE Classic and almost 200 riders taking to the... 
Exclusive: Track cycling could be held on outdoor velodrome at Durban 2022 ... - 
This is cool: data overlay as Cannondale-Garmin recons Liège: Take a ride with Cannondale-Garmin's Aussie Nath... 
Haters are gonna hate: how to watch Alejandro Valverde win a bike race: Liège–Bastogne–Liège, the last of the ... 
2015 Liège-Bastogne-Liège provisional start list: Liège-Bastogne-Liège provisional start list as of April 25AD... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course: 

On-bike video from Cannondale-Garmin's Liege-Bastogne-Liege re... 
Result: Blumilk 18 mile TT: Harry Armstrong is fastest and the only rider under 40 in the Blumilk 18 mile time... 
Martin hoping to recover from effects of Fleche Wallonne crash to contend in Liege: Dan Martin won the 2013 ed... 
Results – Archer RC Spring Criterium: Dexter Gardias wins the Archer RC Spring Criterium from Will Fox of Peda... 
Thousands take part in Pedal on Parliament in Edinburgh - BBC News: The Edinburgh ReporterThousands take part ... 
Craddock set to soak in experience at Liege: Lawson Craddock suffered several broken bones in a crash in Janua... 
Gallery: Lotto-Soudal service course: 

Take a look inside the Lotto-Soudal team's Belgian service course, as ... 
Drapac commemorates Anzac Day, Gallipoli centenary on Tour of Turkey trip: Drapac Pro Cycling commemorates Gal... 
Edinburgh Festival of Cycling 11- 21 June 2015 - The Edinburgh Reporter: The Edinburgh ReporterEdinburgh Festi... 
Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2015 preview: All the info for Liege-Bastogne-Liege on Sunday April 26: Route, teams, TV ... 
Retro Liege: Sean Kelly Talks: His stats for Liege read like this: 1979, 20th: 1981, 11th: 1982, 10th: 1984, 1... 
Veteran Leeds cyclist-turned-web designer relishing chance to ride debut Tour ... - Yorkshire Evening Post: Yo... 
This Llama needs a better set of wheels: Bunch riding is good for two-wheeled and four-legged creatures. 
Gilbert to start Liège with van Garderen protected by BMC: Despite a hard crash at the mid-week Flèche Wallonn... 
Kristoff re-signs with Team Katusha: Tour of Flanders winner Alexander Kristoff will continue with Katusha aft... 
Porte wins Trentino: Australia's Richie Porte (Sky) finished 49 seconds behind final stage winner Paolo Tiralo... 
News – Cavendish off to Turkey: Boonen &amp; Cavendish lead Etixx – Quick-Step in Presidential Cycling Tour of Tur... 
Photo Essay: Women’s Fleche Wallonne: 

Anna van der Breggen's 2015 victory was another entry in the history b... 
Aru to pursue legal action over Henderson Tweets: Fabio Aru won stage 15 at the Giro d'Italia this year. Photo... 
Morbidly obese Lisburn man takes up cycling and sheds 19 STONE in a year - Daily Mail: Daily MailMorbidly obes... 
Teams demand ‘transparency’ over UCI decision to grant Astana licence: • ‘We feel there are discrepancies betw... 
SRAM Wireless groupset: what to expect: It's a very open secret that SRAM is developing a wireless electronic ... 
Team Tor 2000 Circuit Race Series 2015: Team Tor 2000 Circuit Race Series 2015 – May 7th event cancelled Team ... 
Tom Moses fights off illness in time for CiCLE Classic defence: JLT-Condor rider hoping that relative freshnes... 
Paolo Tiralongo takes final Trentino stage, Richie Porte wins overall: Paolo Tiralongo won the fourth stage of... 
Liège-Bastogne-Liège Preview: 
The last of the spring classics Liège-Bastogne-Liège is a race of transition. I... 
Kristoff signs new contract with Katusha: Alexander Kristoff has a lot to celebrate after signing a new deal w... 
Aru to take legal action over Henderson tweets: Lotto-Soudal rider Greg Henderson apologised on Twitter after ... 
Tweets of the Week: Dan Craven, Oleg Tinkov, Ned Boulting and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this week f... 
Will Dan Martin reign again in Liège?: The Irish rider is confident of rising to the challenge of the oldest M... 
News – The Nottingham Town Centre Milk Race: This weekend marks four weeks until The Milk Race returns to Nott... 
Shelley Olds returns to racing after rib injury: Shelley Olds is motivated for the 2015 season with her new te... 
Porte wraps up Trentino victory: Team Sky's Richie Porte completed the final stage of the Giro del Trentino wi... 
Racing returns to Palmer Park velodrome in Reading: Outdoor track at Palmer Park in Reading is deemed fit agai... 
News – Colne Grand Prix July 15th: Colne Grand Prix confirmed for July 15 ahead of Tour of Britain visit in Se... 
Cambridgeshire Gran Fondo attracts 5000 entries: Huge interest in first running of the Tour of Cambridgeshire ... 
Cycling quiz: name the 80s riders - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyCycling quiz: name the 80s ridersCycling Wee... 
Alexander Kristoff extends contract at Katusha: Alexander Kristoff wins stage two of the 2015 3-Days of De Pan... 
Pez Rides L’Eroica California!: PEZ's Nate King has raced professionally around the world but he'd never ridde... 
Rowsell joins Storey in Yorkshire: Olympic gold medallist Joanna Rowsell joins Paralympic champion Sarah Store... 
Nathan Haas: The suffer tolerance is higher: The Ardennes Classics hold a special place in the hearts of Austr... 
Result – Mallory Park Senior League: Over 60 riders racing the Mallory Park Senior League with a clear win by ... 
Result – Lugg Bridge 10 mile TT: Si Cox of NFTO race club wins the midweek Lugg Bridge 10 mile Time trial Resu... 
Orica-GreenEDGE with options in Liège: Orica-GreenEDGE may have the defending champion within its ranks but th... 
Victoria Pendleton 'put cycling in a box' after retirement - BBC Sport: BBC SportVictoria Pendleton 'put cycli... 
Bike battles on a mini drome: Fixed gear and single speed cyclists go head-to-head on the Red Bull Mini Drome ... 
Joe Martin Stage Race start list: You can read more at 
London failure fuels Buchanan for Rio BMX: Whenever Australia's Caroline Buchanan needs motivation to train fo... 
Pendleton 'cleansed of cycling': Ex-Olympic champion Victoria Pendleton tells the Clare Balding Show she "put ... 
Die-in protests — changing public opinion or scaring people away from cycling? - road.cc: Die-in protests — ch... 
Porte holds Trentino lead as Pozzovivo pounces: Australia's Richie Porte finished third on Stage 3 of the Giro... 
Liège-Bastogne-Liège 2015: Top 10 riders to watch: 

Liège-Bastogne-Liège 2015: Top 10 riders to watch

Liège-... 
UCI in firing line as Astana avoid further doping sanctions: International Cycling Union faces a backlash from... 
inCycle: The evolution of disc brakes in professional cycling: 

inCycle: The evolution of disc brakes in prof... 
Astana escapes UCI licence penalty: The Astana team of 2014 Tour de France winner Vincenzo Nibali has survived... 
inCycle: Jonathan Vaughters on the Velon project and how to grow professional cycling: 

inCycle: Jonathan Vau... 
Astana free to race on: The Astana Pro Team will retain their race licence, despite a series of doping offence... 
UCI grant Vincenzo Nibali‘s Astana team World Tour licence for new season: • Tour de France winner’s team allo... 
Organizers unveil 2015 Tour of Utah route: The 2015 Tour of Utah will roll through the rural Heber Valley. Pho... 
Report: Astana to keep its WorldTour license: It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco ... 
Leige-Bastogne-Leige – Valverde Eyes Double: Leige-Bastogne-Leige: Alejandro Valverde has his eye on an Ardenn... 
Astana to keep WorldTour licence, report suggests: La Gazzetta dello Sport reports that Astana are set to keep... 
Astana to keep WorldTour licence: World cycling's governing body backs down in its attempt to strip Vincenzo N... 
More than 400 cyclists expected in mass Sheffield ride - The Star: The StarMore than 400 cyclists expected in ... 
Video: Highlights from women’s Fleche Wallonne: Anna van der Breggen attacked on the Mur de Huy and left the r... 
Storey and Rowsell headline Tour de Yorkshire women’s race: Dame Sarah Storey and Joanna Rowsell will take par... 
The bicycling bard is Bach again: Talented virtuoso guitarist - and CTC member - Richard Durrant is following ... 
Domenico Pozzovivo wins Trentino stage 3, Richie Porte retains overall lead: After falling behind on GC in Wed... 
Tom Boonen to captain Etixx-Quick-Step at the Giro d’Italia: Tom Boonen will make his return from injury at th... 
Porte defends Trentino lead: Team Sky's Richie Porte secured third place on stage three at the Giro del Trenti... 
Cyclist dies following taxi collision in Peterborough: The woman in her 20s died after a collision with a Lond... 
Results – Andover Tuesday Crits: Deacon Cutterham and Charles Taylor two of the winners at the Andover Tuesday... 
Tour contenders have mixed results at Fleche: A late-race crash cost Chris Froome more than 10 minutes in La F... 
Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2015: Who will win?: We rate the chances of the big favourites for Liege-Bastogne-Liege 2... 
Team AXEON Gets Pez’d: Matt McNamara has been lucky enough to see the workings of Team Axeon at their recent C... 
Eroica Britannia announces extra ride places for sold-out event: Due to phenomenal demand, organisers of the E... 
News – Tickets Released for Cycle Show: Tickets for the 2015 edition of The Cycle Show, the UK’s number one cy... 
Astana Ride On: 
The Astana team meets the UCI’s Licence Commission again today for a second hearing following... 
News – Inside the Virgin Money Cyclone Event: From a hugely popular inaugural event back in 2007, the Virgin M... 
Astana case goes before Licence Commission: Two months after the UCI requested for Astana's licence to be with... 
Former cyclist Lance Armstrong admits he owes Wada an apology - The Guardian: Cycling WeeklyFormer cyclist Lan... 
Friends Life Women’s Tour News: Friends Life Women’s Tour –  Soprano Laura Wright to open Team Presentation ev... 
Over 22% Parliamentary candidates support CTC’s Vote Bike: Today (Thursday 23 April 2015) CTC the national cyc... 
Results – Salt Ayre Youth Series 2: Theo Hartley &amp; Bobby Horton among winners at week 2 of the Salt Ayre Youth... 
EuroTrash Wallonne Thursday!: Apr 23, 2015 - Alejandro Valverde did it again on the Mur de Huy and we have the... 
Pro bike: Jürgen Roelandts' Ridley Noah SL: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  The Amstel Gold Rac... 
Podcast: The Arduous Ardennes, Porte's path to the Giro and talking with Tanny: This week on the show, we keep... 
Porte on top at Trentino: Richie Porte signaled he is in good form ahead of the Giro d'Italia when he soloed t... 
Velo Magazine — May 2015: The May 2015 issue of Velo magazine is the Destinations issue and the Giro d'Italia ... 
Top cyclist will try to break cycling marathon record at Manchester Velodrome - Manchester Evening News: Manch... 
Former cyclist Lance Armstrong admits he owes Wada an apology: • Disgraced ex-champion responds to comments fr... 
Results: 2015 La Fleche Wallonne: Results from the midweek Ardennes classic, which finishes on the infamous Mu... 
Team Sky monitoring Chris Froome after Fleche Wallonne fall as Alejandro Valverde wins his third Walloon Arrow... 
Simon Yates unhappy with Fleche Wallonne performance: British rider Simon Yates finishes two minutes down on F... 
Richie Porte wins Giro del Trentino stage 2, takes overall race lead: Richie Porte took a convincing stage win... 
Froome’s Fleche Wallonne another one-day outing to forget: Sporting ripped shorts and a few cuts, Team Sky's C... 
Team News – Alaphilippe 2nd in Fleche Wallonne: First time in Fleche Wallonne and racing the Mur de Huy and 22... 
Anna van der Breggen wins women’s Fleche Wallonne: Anna van der Breggen delivers Rabo-Liv's seventh La Fleche ... 
Cycling Gilets: a buyer’s guide: One of the most flexible pieces of clothing in your cycling wardrobe, what sh... 
Report – Women’s Fleche Wallone: Anna van der Breggen wins the 18th edition of the Women’s La Flèche Wallonne ... 
Wallonne’15: The New Kid And The Champ!: Race Report: It's like going back to school after the holidays to fin... 
Alejandro Valverde takes third Fleche Wallonne victory: Defending champion Valverde beats Alaphilippe and Alba... 
The Moment The Race Was Won – Flèche Wallonne: 
Alejandro Valverde sprints clear in the final straight to win ... 
Alejandro Valverde wins Flèche Wallonne but Chris Froome crashes: • Alejandro Valverde times attack for third ... 
WADA chief says Lance Armstrong’s lack of apology is ‘regrettable’: Since admitting doping in 2012, Lance Arms... 
Cycling in the New Forest – where does each of the parliamentary candidates ... - road.cc: Cycling in the New ... 
Groundhog day for Valverde at Flèche Wallonne: The Fleche Wallonne contained 11 climbs but it was the last whi... 
Froome down as Valverde wins: Alejandro Valverde defended his Fleche Wallonne crown at the end of a thrilling ... 
Valverde wins third Fleche Wallonne: Spain's Alejandro Valverde wins a sprint finish to claim his third victor... 
Richie Porte takes overall lead at Giro del Trentino after stage two win: Team Sky's Richie Porte wins stage t... 
Porte climbs into race lead: Richie Porte took an emphatic solo victory on the queen stage at the Giro del Tre... 
In the News: Tiernan-Locke plans comeback to racing: Jonathan Tiernan-Locke was handed a two-year ban in 2014 ... 
Is breathing harder work for women than men?: Andrew Hamilton looks at a study that indicates a difference bet... 
Bora-Argon 18 win opening team time trial at Giro del Trentino: Bora-Argon 18 sprang something of a surprise i... 
Cookson: Armstrong risks angry welcome on Tour charity ride: Lance Armstrong is slated to ride the Tour de Fra... 
Results – Tuesday Night York Crits: Joel Mcglynn &amp; Joshua Gale winners on Tuesday night at the York circuit ra... 
The six sexiest bikes of 2015 so far: We've always got time for a bit of bike porn here at Cycling Weekly, so ... 
Jonathan Tiernan-Locke wants to return to cycling when two-year ban ends: Former Team Sky rider, who continues... 
Trek World Racing: stories from the Lourdes World Cup: A behind the scenes look at the exploits of the Trek Wo... 
Videos of the week: drift-trikes, Mur de Huy recon and the best of Bespoked Bristol: Super speedy descending a... 
Cheers Sir Bradley, thanks for everything: As Sir Bradley Wiggins steps down from the WorldTour, we anticipate... 
Wednesday Shorts: 
Mondory Update – new UCI tribunals – Verbruggen on Mars – Disc brakes – Nibali to Giro? – L... 
Jonathan Tiernan-Locke plans comeback from biological passport suspension: Having been banned for two years fo... 
Results – Mallory Park Youth League: Over 90 riders took part in the second round of the Raleigh Individual Yo... 
Leader tries out new technology for cycling - Portsmouth News: Leader tries out new technology for cyclingPort... 
Results – Tameside Circuit Racing: Chris Southworth &amp; Peter Armstrong winners at the Tuesday night racing at T... 
News – Tour of Cambridgeshire: 5,000 riders signed up for the UK’s first closed road Gran Fondo race/sportive ... 
Pro bike: John Degenkolb's Roubaix-winning Giant Defy: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Astride ... 
PEZ Preview: Liège ’15: This Sunday brings us the last Monument of this year's spring campaign: Liège-Bastogne... 
Result – Oxford City RC 10: Ian Greenstreet of Newbury RC fastest in the Oxford Road Clubs open 10 mile time t... 
Sea Otter tech: New fatties from Trek and Specialized, vintage MTBs, and more: 

Trek and Specialized roll out... 
PCC, WADA partner to create $6 million anti-doping research funds: Partnership for Clean Competition and the W... 
Cyclist Garner back on track: It has been a frustrating spell on the sidelines for Lucy Garner but she's back ... 
Labour commits additional £89m to cycling and walking in run up to the General ... - road.cc: Bristol PostLabo... 
Video: LottoNL ready for Fleche’s Mur de Huy: 

The riders of LottoNL-Jumbo talk about the challenge presented... 
The Protagonists of the Giro d’Italia: Photo: BrakeThrough Media | 
With the Giro's start... 
Result – Les Ingham Memorial RR: Chris Opie beats youngster Rory Townsend of Pedal Heaven to the line to win t... 
Kiwi daredevils drift trike world's steepest street - video: New Zealand thrill seekers ride modified bikes, k... 
Q&amp;A: Evelyn Stevens ready for La Fleche Wallonne: Evelyn Stevens won the 2012 women's Flèche Wallonne. She's a... 
Nibali criticises Cookson as Astana licence decision nears: Vincenzo Nibali has said that UCI president Brian ... 
Bora-Argon 18 wins Trentino stage 1 TTT: Bora-Argon 18 was the surprise winner of Giro del Trentino's stage 1 ... 
Team Sky start well in Italy: Team Sky got their Giro del Trentino campaign off to a solid start by finished w... 
The perfect Boulder tour with VeloNews and Cognoscenti: Riding in the Rockies. Photo: Kevin Batchelor
We’ve pu... 
Result – Paramount CRT Spring RR: Home victory for Mike Jones yet again in the Paramount CRT Spring Road Race ... 
Simon Yates taking on the big names in the biggest races: Twenty two year old Brit Simon Yates says he's not g... 
Gallery: Sea Otter Classic men’s short track XC: 

Swiss powerhouse Nino Schurter wins the Sea Otter short tra... 
Gloucester driver jailed for 10 years over cyclist hit-and-run death: Tykeran Hamilton drove away from the sce... 
Fleche Wallonne: New climb adds twist to Mur finale: The peloton will climb the Mur de Huy three times in Wedn... 
Seven essentials you need to take on every ride: There’s no point risking it, because that’s the point when yo... 
Full Results – National Series Youth Race: Joseph Nally &amp; Jessica Roberts of RST Racing Team two of the winner... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Amstel Angst!: Sunday's Amstel Gold Race: good race or bad race, it had a deeper meaning for Le... 
Tan Lines: Who will win La Flèche?: Out of the Ardennes triptych, La Flèche Wallonne is the least tactical and... 
Mazda unveils this stunning concept track bike: Car manufacturer Mazda has designed a concept track bike as pa... 
Result – De Laune CC 25: Jonathan Parker fastest in the De Laune CC 25 (Fred Peachey Memorial), Bronwen Ewing ... 
VIDEO: National Cycling Centre's BMX secret: 2013 world champion Liam Phillips describes a hair-raising lap of... 
Fan vote will decide who wears new Tour de Yorkshire jersey: The Dimension Data Digital Jersey will be awarded... 
Blog – Billy Oliver: The learning process goes on as Billy Oliver puts racing aside to prepare for the importa... 
Flèche Wallonne Preview: 
For 364 days of the year the Chemin des Chapelles climbs up the side of Mont Mosan b... 
Alex Dowsett in the wind tunnel as Hour Record attempt nears: Hour Record hope Alex Dowsett fine-tunes his bik... 
News – Etixx – Quick-Step to Flèche Wallonne: Amstel winner Michal Kwiatkowski leads Etixx – Quick-Step team a... 
Cookson unmoved by Verbruggen: International Cycling Union (UCI) president Brian Cookson insists he will not b... 
Pro bike: Pauline Ferrand-Prévot's Liv Giant MTB: Voxwomen talk to the mechanic of multi-disciplinary cycling ... 
News – Battle of the Bowl May 30th: The inaugural Battle of the Bowl circuit races on May 30th in Milton Keyne... 
Preview – CiCLE Classic 2015: This Sunday sees the first of the UCI races for 2015 in Britain, the popular and... 
Toolbox: The Power of External Motivation: Often at the end of a Grand Tour, we see a GC contender or leader y... 
On-board at the Tro Bro Leon with Jérémy Roy: With a course that is perhaps more demanding than Paris-Roubaix,... 
Verbruggen gets personal with Cookson, lashes out at CIRC: Hein Verbruggen, the former president of the Intern... 
Albasini and Yates to lead Orica-GreenEDGE at Flèche Wallonne:  
The Cyclingnews Guide to the 2015 Spring Classics: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne - February... 
Peloton thinks of Criquielion ahead of Fleche Wallonne: As always, the race is anticipated to come down to the... 
Video: Pro peloton goes off-roading at Tro-Bro Leon: The peloton hits the dirt at Tro-Bo Leon.
It may not have... 
Photo Essay: Amstel Gold Race: 

The Netherlands' Limburg province is alive with spirited fans, racing action,... 
40 applicants for cycling barista job on Wales Coast Path - WalesOnline: WalesOnline40 applicants for cycling ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Bikes of the year: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
The Trek Emonda is our Edi... 
Astana license decision expected in days: Vincenzo Nibali's defense of his 2014 Tour de France win could end b... 
Results – Torbay Thursday Night Crits 1: George Bartlett of NFTO Race Club a winner at the first round of the ... 
Wilco Kelderman’s Amstel Gold Race power data: Wilco Kelderman (LottoNL-Jumbo) made it into a promising late-r... 
The seven most innovative products of 2015 so far: A third of the way through 2015 and there have been plenty ... 
Who do the bookies back for La Flèche Wallonne 2015?: Who's odds-on, who could spring a surprise and who are t... 
Circ report is 'scandalously biased': Former UCI president Hein Verbruggen gives his assessment of a report in... 
Video: How to change Shimano lever hoods: Global Cycling Network explains how to replace the rubber hoods on S... 
Orica-GreenEdge on the secrets of team time trial success: 

Orica-GreenEdge on the secrets of team time trial... 
Blindingly Bright :  Proviz Reflect 360 Jacket &amp; Nightrider Pack: The Proviz Reflect 360 jacket uses a fabric ... 
Verbruggen to fight for UCI job: Former head of international cycling Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any a... 
Save 50% off Cycling Weekly subscriptions: For one week only you can get 50% off a Cycling Weekly subscription... 
Hein Verbruggen: report into Lance Armstrong affair ‘scandalously biased’: • Former head of international cycl... 
Result – Colne Thursday Night Crits: Ryan Perry of the Army Cycling Union winner at the Colne Thursday Night C... 
PedalSure: The policy that covers cyclists, as well as their bikes: You're more valuable than your bike — so w... 
Gallery: USA Cycling USPRO team time trial championships: 

Casey B. Gibson documents the racing during Sunday... 
Talking CiCle Classic with Ian ‘Superman’ Wilkinson: The only double winner of the British race the CiCLE Clas... 
Check out Michal Kwiatkowski’s Amstel Gold Race winning ride on Strava: Michal Kwiatkowski out-sprinted Alejan... 
Sea Otter Tech: Mountain bike gear: 

Check out some of the latest offerings in the mountain bike world, from ... 
Diva briefed by TfGM to push Manchester as 'first class cycling city' - Prolific North: Prolific NorthDiva bri... 
With second at Amstel Gold, Valverde confident for remaining Ardennes races: Alejandro Valverde rode to second... 
Women-only cycling team launches in Cheltenham: Dame Cycling, part of a nationwide initiative to get more wome... 
Amstel Gold Race 2015 highlights: 

Amstel Gold Race 2015 highlights

Cyclingnews is the world's leading cycli... 
Former UCI president Hein Verbruggen slams successor Brian Cookson in scathing attack: Former UCI president He... 
Supporter Jerseys: 
The supporter jerseys have arrived and are on sale with Prendas Ciclismo. Made in Italy by... 
Trek launches new lightweight aluminium Émonda ALR: First catching our eye last year with its 690g frame, the ... 
Clancy to race in Tour de Yorkshire: Olympic gold medallists Ed Clancy and Samuel Sanchez will join Sir Bradle... 
Bradley Wiggins, Ben Swift and Marcel Kittel on the Tour de Yorkshire start list: Nine Yorkshiremen feature on... 
Report – British Juniors In Belgium: Paul Burgoine reports on a group of British Juniors who travelled to Belg... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins to ride in Tour de Yorkshire for his new team: • Wiggins will ride for his new eponymous T... 
Cycling Weekly’s Complete Guide to Nutrition: Cycling Weekly’s Complete Guide to Nutrition provides cyclists w... 
Yorkshire – Wiggins, Swift &amp; Kittel top the bill: A fortnight ahead of the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire, an all... 
Wattbike enhances sharing and analysis: Users of Wattbike cycle trainers will now be able to capture their wor... 
VIDEO: Phillips delight at 'mind-blowing' win: Britain's Liam Phillips is "so pleased"" with a "mind-blowing" ... 
Simon Yates co-leads Orica at La Flèche Wallonne: Simon Yates and former Tour of Britain  winner Michael Albas... 
EuroTrash Michal Monday!: Apr 20, 2015 - Michal Kwiatkowski! Top ride from the World champion. Race reports fr... 
LIVE: La Fleche Wallonne: La Fleche Wallonne is live on SBS ONE on Wednesday 22 April from 11pm AEST (live Eas... 
Result – University of Bath open TTT: Danny Axford, Tim Bayley &amp; Michael Broadwith fastest in the University o... 
Cycling: How style can make you a winner - Nottingham Post: Nottingham PostCycling: How style can make you a w... 
Sea Otter tech, day three: Open gravel bike, Birzman, and more: 

Open Cycles releases a versatile new drop-ba... 
Gallery: Amstel Gold Race: 

As expected, Amstel Gold's hilly parcours through the Netherlands delivered a stu... 
Phillips wins BMX World Cup opener: Liam Phillips wins the opening round of the 2015 UCI BMX Supercross World ... 
Result – Northover VT 25: Conrad Moss of Mid Devon CC fastest in the Northover VT 25 mile time trial on Sunday... 
California mandatory helmet law set back following intensive lobbying from pro ... - road.cc: California manda... 
Hincapie Racing Team, Optum-Kelly Benefits Strategies win USA TTT nationals: Hincapie Racing notches victory i... 
Amstel – Champion’s Victory for Kwiatkowski: Michael Kwiatkowski took his World Champion stripes to the top st... 
Kwiatkowski wins 50th Amstel Gold Race: Michal Kwiatkowski wins a sprint to the line to take the 50th edition ... 
Amstel’15: Drinks On World Champ!: Race Report: Limburg; the sun beaming down, tree blossoms gleaming white, f... 
Schurter, Pendrel win Sea Otter Classic cross-country: Nino Schurter (Scott-ODLO) outsprints Howard Grotts (Sp... 
Poland’s Michal Kwiatkowski beats favourites to win the Amstel Gold Race: • Etixx-Quick Step rider holds off A... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Amstel Gold Race: 
Michał Kwiatkowski wins the sprint to take the Amstel Gold Rac... 
Results: Amstel Gold Race: The rainbow curse is broken. Kwiatkowski out-sprints a select group after blasting ... 
Result – Penzance Wheelers Goonhilly 10: Alessandro Gourley of Penzance Wheelers CC fastest in the Penzance Wh... 
Kwiatkowski strikes gold: World champion Michal Kwiatkowski claimed victory at Amstel Gold as the Dutch one-da... 
Amstel Gold Race 2015: Michał Kwiatkowski's winning sprint: 

Amstel Gold Race 2015: Michał Kwiatkowski's winn... 
Kwiatkowski sprints to first victory in rainbow jersey in Amstel Gold Race: The reigning world champion takes ... 
Michal Kwiatkowski wins Amstel Gold Race: Etixx-Quick-Step's Michal Kwiatkowski out-sprints Alejando Valverde ... 
Top 10 – De Laune CC Open 25: Bronwyn Ewing of Trainsharp RT and Jonathan Parker winners at the De Laune CC Op... 
Result – Gloucester City CC Hardriders: Matt Burden of Severn RC fastest in the Gloucester City CC Hardriders ... 
Result – Team Vertex Hilly 10: Andy Jackson of Team Swift fastest in the Team Vertex Hilly 10 mile time trial ... 
Geoghegan Hart third in chaotic U23 Liege-Bastogne-Liege: As several of the favourites were directed in the wr... 
Result – Bill and Chrissie Stuart Memorial 10: Tony Hay fastest in the Bill and Chrissie Stuart Memorial 10 mi... 
Result – Farnborough &amp; Camberley 25: James Boyman of Farnham RC fastest in the Farnborough &amp; Camberley 25 mile... 
British inventor creates revolutionary affordable power meter - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyBritish inventor... 
Sea Otter Tech: Tifosi, Pactimo, Mash and more: 

Logan VonBokel grabs some pix of goodies from Tifosi, Pactim... 
Eric Marcotte adds U.S. pro crit championship to his road title: Eric Marcotte bides his time, then rockets aw... 
British inventor creates revolutionary affordable power meter: Limits system, which will launch this week on I... 
Election manifestos: what do they promise for cycling?: In the past week, the mainstream political parties pub... 
Kendall Ryan dodges crash to win U.S. women’s pro crit championship: Kendall Ryan collects the U.S. women's na... 
Six stunning bikes from the Bespoked Bristol bike show: Bespoked Bristol is the UK’s biggest bike show for exq... 
Lancashire to spend half a million to reduce cycling casualties in danger spots - road.cc: Lancashire to spend... 
Results – Victoria Park Crits: Emma Birtles &amp; Chris Bates two of the winners at the Victoria Park Crits in Lea... 
Result – Dunfermline Road Race: Grant Martin has won the Dunfermline Road Race Inc Jack Murray Trophy on Satur... 
Results – Bickerstaffe Road Races: Flora Gillies and Declan Hudson of Liverpool Century RC winners in the Bick... 
Talking shop with Eddie Dunbar: On Wednesday, Ireland’s Eddie Dunbar (NFTO) was off the front for over 130k in... 
Retro Amstel Gold: Gianetti Remembers: The Amstel Gold Race signals the start of the Ardennes Classics, and th... 
Startlist – Drummond Trophy: Raleigh-GAC send team to the 60th Edition of the Drummond Trophy in Strathaven on... 
Video evidence that cyclists and taxi drivers can get along just fine: In an antidote to the usual 'near misse... 
PEZ Rides The Amstel Gold CycloSportif: This Saturday in Valkenburg Holland runs maybe the largest cyclo-sport... 
Kristin Armstrong off U.S. Pan Am roster as USAC revises team selection: Tayler Wiles will take Armstrong's pl... 
USA Cycling replaces Armstrong on Pan Am roster - Yahoo News UK: Cyclingnews.comUSA Cycling replaces Armstrong... 
NFTO unveils title sponsor and ProConti plans for 2016: British squad aims to move up to the sport's second ti... 
In the News: Taxi driver guilty in Burry Stander case: Olympic mountain biker Burry Stander died in 2013 after... 
Still lessons to learn - Phillips: Britain's Liam Phillips says he has "lessons to learn" despite World Champi... 
Driver whose taxi struck and killed Burry Stander found guilty - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyDriver whose ta... 
Gallery: Sea Otter day one: Raleigh, 3T, Yeti, and more: 

Logan VonBokel finds a prototype gravel bike from R... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling women in Europe: 

Many of the top American pro women test their early season form at... 
Wiggins hour attempt sold out: Tickets to watch Sir Bradley Wiggins' attempt to break the world hour record so... 
Who are the bookies’ favourites for Amstel Gold Race?: We take a look at where to put your money this Sunday f... 
Alex Dowsett: Preparing for the Hour Record: 

Alex Dowsett: Preparing for the Hour Record

Cyclingnews is the... 
VIDEO: Paris-Roubaix: Hell on two wheels: Welsh cyclists Luke Rowe and Geraint Thomas discuss the notoriously ... 
Bradley Wiggins tickets for hour record attempt sell out in seven minutes: • Olympian to make bid at Lee Valle... 
Carbon beware: are aluminium frames making a comeback?: Alloy could be set for a road bike renaissance after b... 
Casino in the Limburg: Amstel Gold Race: The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Gold ... 
Sea Otter Tech Day 1: Helmets, sunglasses, and more: 

Logan VonBokel checks out some of the new offerings on ... 
Verity: First Tour de Yorkshire could net £40m for economy: Welcome to Yorkshire boss Gary Verity believes the... 
Chris Froome and Vincenzo Nibali head lineup for Tour de Romandie: • Last two Tour de France champions to part... 
Amstel Gold Race Preview: 
Huge crowds, free-flowing beer, grand tour winners taking on one day classics speci... 
Scott launches 890g Addict cyclocross frame: Scott has taken the Addict cyclocross bike back to the drawing bo... 
A Case for Suffering: The Heroic: Eroica California is a celebration of the golden age of cycling, an event in... 
News – Women’s Fleche Wallone: No Vos leaves the Women’s Fleche Wallone wide open with Armitstead one of the f... 
Cycling infrastructure is a hallmark of progress - Cambridge News: Cambridge NewsCycling infrastructure is a h... 
Tweets of the Week: Jens Voigt, Chris Froome, Alex Dowsett and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this week ... 
Jupiter London Nocturne announces packed race programme: Professional and amateur riders from around the world... 
Twitter reacts to Bradley Wiggins’s Hour Record tickets selling out in 15 minutes: Bradley Wiggins's Hour Reco... 
News – Cheshire Classic: Star-studded line-up for the Women’s Cheshire Classic on Sunday 26th April News – Che... 
Meet Hotel Lungomare: Bike Hotel in Cesenatico: As part of my self-appointed mission to discover and share wit... 
Kent cyclists in lie-down protest for safer cycling: Cyclists gather for mass protest in Tunbridge Wells at la... 
Geraint Thomas: 10 ways to smash your next sportive: Fresh from his recent victories at Volta ao Algarve and E... 
USA Cycling Professional Criterium Championships start lists: You can read more at 
Nino Schurter builds to a gold medal in Rio: Three-time world mountain bike champion Nino Schurter shows us wh... 
The Big Interview: Alex Edmondson: Rio Olympic hopeful Alex Edmondson is known for his track exploits but sign... 
King Of The Mountain: From Genocide To A Cycling Team In Rwanda: Samuel Mugisha always dreamed of professional... 
BMC stands by  Van Avermaet despite looming doping ban: Greg Van Avermaet will not be suspended by his team af... 
The Wait of a Nation: 
Ein stein. Lifting the cobbled trophy last Sunday was a triumph for John Degenkolb and ... 
UnitedHealthcare heads to crit nationals with two defending champs: John Murphy won the 2014 U.S. criterium na... 
Troy Brosnan takes you on a downhill run at Lourdes: Take a ride with Australian Troy Brosnan as he straps on ... 
BMX star gunning for World Cup: Quillan Isidore is fit again and fully fired up to take on the planet's top BM... 
Volvo LifePaint: innovative safety product or marketing stunt? (video): We take a closer look at Volvo's new L... 
Video: GCN’s tips to perfect your climbing: Global Cycling Network's tips to improve your climbing.
Looking to... 
New Inclusive cycling group goes from strength to strength: Cycling4All Shropshire is a new inclusive cycling ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Custom road: 

If you need (or want) something special, these two custom bike builders mig... 
Garmin Vector 2 power meter pedals unveiled: Next generation of the Garmin Vector 2 power meter pedals should ... 
Which party's manifesto is strongest on cycling? - The Guardian (blog): The Guardian (blog)Which party's manif... 
Wout Poels: From horrific crash to Team Sky success: In 2012 Wout Poels’s career looked to be over after a fre... 
Gerrans to race Giro d’Italia after injury-filled start to 2015: Simon Gerrans hopes to get his season back on... 
London architect says cyclists are being ‘slaughtered’ by construction vehicles: Peter Murray, chairman of New... 
Two men race to beat 76-year-old mileage record: In 1939, Tommy Godwin set the world record for highest annual... 
Preview – Bedford 3 Day Women’s Classic: The long running British Women’s Classic, the Bedford Three day will ... 
inCycle: Trek Factory Racing bike fitting with Bauke Mollema and Julián Arredondo: 

inCycle: Trek Factory Rac... 
Greg Van Avermaet facing possibility of two-year ban after doping hearing: The BMC rider appeared in front of ... 
Gallery: Sea Otter tech: 

New offerings from Rotor, Scott, DT Swiss, Shimano, and Garmin are highlighted in M... 
inCycle: Tom Boonen rider profile: 

inCycle: Tom Boonen rider profile

Cyclingnews is the world's leading cyc... 
Toolbox: Cycling and Fatigue: Cycling, while generally pleasurable, is ultimately all about pain and suffering... 
Where to watch the Amstel Gold Race: The first of the Ardennes Classics, the Amstel Gold Race, is held on Sund... 
News – Condor 3 Day: News that long time organiser Stuart Benstead is recovering from surgery and Colin Docker... 
Bristol’s Gloucester Road sees number of cyclists double and cars drop by a fifth: Since the turn of the centu... 
Team Sky: One in, one out: As Sir Bradley Wiggins leaves Team Sky, Luke Rowe establishes himself with a strong... 
What would YOU do if you were UCI president?: We asked you: "You’ve just been elected UCI president. What’s th... 
Result – Hinckley CRC 2up 25: Matt Sinclair &amp; Andrew Green fastest in the Hinckley CRC Two up 25 mile time tri... 
Results – Salt Ayre Youth Series 1: Stephen Dent &amp; George Ball among winners at week 1 of the Salt Ayre Youth ... 
EuroTrash Amstel Thursday!: Apr 16, 2015 - The cobbles are gone and the hills are on the horizon. We preview A... 
Podcast: Degenkolb rocks out at Roubaix, Disc discussion, Amstel beckons: This week on the show, the cobbled s... 
2015 Vuelta a Castilla y Leon start list: You can read more at 
Solid tyres go mainstream as Wiggle stocks up - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklySolid tyres go mainstream as Wig... 
Video: Michelle Khare races against Ferrari through L.A. traffic: BMW-The Happy Tooth's Michelle Khare goes he... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s mountain bikes: 

Three great bikes for ladies who want to hit the trails
The post... 
Cyclists most likely to vote Liberal Democrats, according to research - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyCyclists... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo primed for ‘home’ race at Amstel Gold: The Amstel Gold Race is special for the Dutch Lott... 
Carl Decker Journal: Sea Otter: It’s not about us: The diverse array of cycling enthusiasts who flock to the S... 
Wiggins backed to set new mark: Six-time Olympic gold medal winner Sir Chris Hoy has backed Sir Bradley Wiggin... 
Legally Speaking: The door zone: Bob Mionske recommends that, whenever possible, avoid riding in the 'door zon... 
The #cyclesafe manifesto guide: The Times’s Cities 
Fit for Cycling campaign has for three years been urging p... 
InCycle Highlights of the 2015 Brabantse Pijl-Flèche Brabançonne: 

InCycle Highlights of the 2015 Brabantse P... 
Results: 2015 Brabantse Pijl: BMC Racing does it again at the hilly midweek semi-classic, but this time it is ... 
Peter Sagan: In Slovakia, my private life is nonexistent: Three-time Tour de France green jersey winner Peter ... 
VIDEO: The Briton aiming for BMX domination: Defending BMX World Cup champion Liam Phillips says he wants to b... 
Report – Behind The Bikeshed’s Spring Classic: A dominant Pedal Heaven team took a clean sweep of podium place... 
Hour Record: The tangled history of an iconic feat: For over a century cyclists have been pushing themselves t... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling’s U-23 &amp; junior men in Europe: 

Young Americans take on some of Europe's hardest rac... 
2015 WorldTour team bikes guide: Your essential guide to the bikes WorldTour pro teams will be using in the 20... 
VIDEO: Wiggins is a machine - Hoy: Six-time Olympic champion Sir Chris Hoy describes Sir Bradley Wiggins as a ... 
Result – Keith Carter Memorial Road Race: Paul Rymer wins the category 3/4 Keith Carter Memorial Road Race on ... 
Hoy and Evans back British Cycling's Go-Ride programme with 1500 bikes - road.cc: British CyclingHoy and Evans... 
Technical FAQ: A drivetrain hack, tire pressure, and road discs: And with the longer rear derailleur cage, it ... 
Cyclists most likely to vote Liberal Democrats, according to research: Research by the British Heart Foundatio... 
Tour de Yorkshire reveals podium jerseys: Three podium jerseys, designed by Milltag, are revealed for the Tour... 
A Change of Gear: 
The Brabantse Pijl happens today. La Flèche Brabançonne to francophones, this is a hilly ra... 
News: Ardennes Classics for the Climbers: Now the Flemish classics are done and dusted, coming soon are Ardenn... 
Wiggins schedules hour record attempt for June 7: Bradley Wiggins won the time trial two weeks ago at Three Da... 
Pantani’s bike the star attraction at Barrow’s Topmark: Topmark, in Barrow, hosted a bike ridden by Grand Tour... 
Results – West Thames League Hillingdon: Ben Seneviatre &amp; Matthew Clarke winners at week 1 of the West Thames ... 
Could Alexander Kristoff move to Team Sky?: Team Sky sporting director Gabriel Rasch reportedly admits it woul... 
Wiggins to try hour record in London: Sir Bradley Wiggins will make his attempt on the world hour record at Lo... 
News – Cavendish Race Programme: Etixx – Quick-Step reveal the race programme for Mark Cavendish and Tom Boone... 
Amstel Gold Race 2015 preview: Full look ahead to the 2015 Amstel Gold Race (Sunday, April 19): contenders, ro... 
PEZ Preview: Amstel Gold Race: The cobbles are behind us and now we move onto the hilly Classics and first up ... 
Bradley Wiggins sets date for Hour Record attempt: June 7: Sir Bradley Wiggins will make his attempt on the Ho... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins to attempt Hour Record at London’s Olympic Velodrome: • Four-time Olympic champion aiming ... 
Paris-Roubaix crossing: How do cycling near-misses happen? - BBC News: BBC NewsParis-Roubaix crossing: How do ... 
Wiggins to go for hour record: Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break the historic world hour record at the... 
Cavendish fights back: The following feature appeared in the April edition of Procycling.  When he turns 30 in... 
Plymouth Corinthian Cycling Club: Road race report - Plymouth Herald: Plymouth HeraldPlymouth Corinthian Cycli... 
King delighted after stage win: Olympic track champion Dani King admits her winning return from injury has don... 
Kristin Armstrong returns to U.S. team for Pan Am TT: Armstrong rode to her second career Olympic gold in Lond... 
Paris-Roubaix 'traingate' the oldest story in cycling: Peloton's near-miss at Paris-Roubaix joins a long tradi... 
Mark Cavendish confirms race build-up to the Tour de France: The Manxman will take in the Tour de Suisse and B... 
Video: Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia: The Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia in the Italian Dolomites.
Co... 
Plymouth Corinthian Cycling Club: Rod race report - Plymouth Herald: Plymouth HeraldPlymouth Corinthian Cyclin... 
10 types of rider you’ll see on every club run: (Credit: Jesse Wild)The cycling club. A place for all types of... 
Norwich’s Brewery Tap pub starts its own cycling team: Barman Jude Garrod started the Fat Cat Brewery Tap Cycl... 
Photo Essay: Dramatic sights from Paris-Roubaix: 

BrakeThrough Media showcases the dramatic scenes at Paris-R... 
Boardman: Cycling pledges show Tories have failed to listen: British Cycling's policy advisor, Chris Boardman,... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Roubaix Ruminations: There can only be one subject for today's Lowdown: The Hell that is Paris-... 
Dartmoor Demon- Cycling Weekly Sportive Series: Potentially the hardest event in the Cycling Weekly Sportive S... 
UCI to lift ban on disc brakes in August: Disc brakes are coming to the road in a big way. Photo: Eric Wynn | ... 
UCI approves testing of disc brakes in the professional peloton: UCI green lights tests of disc brakes in pro ... 
Movistar announce first three riders for Giro d’Italia: Beñat Intxausti, Ion Izagirre and Juanjo Lobato are na... 
Result – West Kent RC 10: Jonathan Parker fastest in the West Kent Road Club’s Open 10 mile time trial on Satu... 
Brailsford: Wiggins was exceptional in Paris-Roubaix: Team Sky boss, Sir Dave Brailsford, says Bradley Wiggins... 
Calls for improved cycling infrastructure in Ipswich - Cycling Weekly: Ipswich StarCalls for improved cycling ... 
Pour Encourage Les Autres: 
In this country, it is wise to kill an admiral from time to time to encourage the ... 
Result – Northampton &amp; District CA 18.7 TT: Scott Walker fastest by eight seconds in the Northampton &amp; Distric... 
Calls for improved cycling infrastructure in Ipswich: Campaigners in Ipswich are calling for better cycling in... 
How Paris-Roubaix 2015 was won: race analysis: Now the dust has settled on the pavé of Paris-Roubaix we analys... 
Roubaix Roadside: Riders and Cobbles!: Our man Mark was introduced to the cobbles of Flanders last week by Vel... 
I can win Paris-Roubaix, says Rowe: Welsh cyclist Luke Rowe is buoyed by finishing as the leading Briton in th... 
Report &amp; Results – 2015 Ray Levers Road Race: Thomas Humphrey beats James Rutherford to the win at the 2015 Ra... 
GP de Denain Porte du Hainaut start list: You can read more at 
Out of my league…and so happy about it: Sometimes it’s the trails that seem out of our reach that are the most... 
Video: How cycling is helping Rwanda overcome memories of genocide - road.cc: spyghana.comVideo: How cycling i... 
Big MTB World Cup wins for Ragot and Gwin in Lourdes: Round one of the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup presented b... 
Telegraph Cycling Podcast: Paris-Roubaix special: The latest Telegraph Cycling Podcast comes from the race kno... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Workhorse mountain bikes: 

Don't break the bank to hit the trails this year. We've got th... 
Gallery: Technical preparation for Paris-Roubaix: 

Teams break out the best equipment for the most demanding ... 
News – Velo29-Altura Buttertubs Sportive: Velo29-Alura have added a new event to their 2015 Calendar, the Butt... 
Paralympics 2016: Josie Pearson switches to hand cycling for Rio - BBC News: BBC NewsParalympics 2016: Josie P... 
Cycling world sounds off on Roubaix train controversy: Sunday's Paris-Roubaix was interrupted by a high-speed ... 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: Riders almost hit by train at level-crossing as SNCF call for barrier jumpers to be prosec... 
Reade back with Britain's track team: BMX world champion Shanaze Reade rejoins Britain's cycling team to train... 
Reade to make track return: Three-time BMX world champion Shanaze Reade is moving back to the track to train w... 
Schurter dominates, Batty sprints to claim wins at Bonelli US Cup: Emily Batty (Trek Factory Racing) outsprint... 
Cycling’s governing body orders demands into Paris-Roubaix train farce: • UCI requests more information after ... 
Shanaze Reade returns to Great Britain’s track team: Former track team sprint world champion Shanaze Reade ret... 
inCycle: André Greipel rider profile: 

inCycle: André Greipel rider profile

Cyclingnews is the world's leadi... 
Behind the scenes of Paris-Roubaix with Team Sky (video): Team Sky's cameras bring us footage of Sir Bradley W... 
Video: GCN asks the pros, ‘Who’s the best classics rider of all-time?’: Global Cycling Network asks current pr... 
Result – Scottish Women’s RR Series: Flora Gillies wins the Scottish Women’s RR Series event at Newton Mearns ... 
Check out the innovative ‘bike’ that has already smashed its Kickstarter target: The Halfbike II has already r... 
Late problems deflate Roubaix hopes for Sagan, Vanmarcke: Peter Sagan suffered some bad luck late in Sunday's ... 
Labour pledges to ‘promote cycling’: A Labour government will “promote cycling” as a mode of transport, the pa... 
Friends set for 1800 mile 'Kebab Run' cycling challenge - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyFriends set for 1800 m... 
Friends set for 1,800 mile ‘Kebab Run’ cycling challenge: James Hart, Mike Tapp and Thom Clark are riding 1,80... 
Degenkolb, Kristoff lead peloton’s changing of the guard: John Degenkolb (right) and Alexander Kristoff finish... 
Railway company complains after Paris-Roubaix riders ignore level crossing: • French railway company SNCF file... 
Budget clothing range launched by Merlin Cycles: Merlin has a reputation for selling sharply priced own-brand ... 
Rudy Project Wing57 Helmet Review: Billed as the world's fastest and most aerodynamic Aero-Tri helmet the Rudy... 
Watch: Fly-through guide to the Tour de Yorkshire: Tour de Yorkshire organiser Welcome to Yorkshire releases a... 
Bottrill’s fastest 25 for 2015 – 47:28: Matt Bottrill recorded the fastest 25 of 2015 so far with a 47:28 at t... 
inCycle: Lampre Merida on the evolution of racing bike technology for the cobbled classics: 

inCycle: Lampre ... 
Calling all Scottish Cyclists: lets Pedal on Parliament: What started as a one-off flash ride on the Scottish ... 
Prosecution call for riders: The French state railway company (SNCF) has demanded police action against "irres... 
The Classics Revelations: 
John Degenkolb and Alexander Kristoff have triumphed in the spring classics. The se... 
Train company files police complaint after Paris-Roubaix riders jump crossing: When barriers descended on a le... 
Paris-Roubaix: Bradley Wiggins rides 'The Hell Of The North' - in pictures: The best photos of Bradley Wiggins... 
'Prosecute near-miss cyclists' call: A French rail company wants police action taken against Paris-Roubaix cyc... 
Green Party would ‘take billions’ away from roads to invest in cycling: Green Party renews pledge to spend mon... 
EuroTrash Degenkolb Monday!: Apr 13, 2015 - John Degenkolb rode a perfect Roubaix; he saved his energies for t... 
Interview – Reservoir Winner Erick Rowsell: Talking to Erick Rowsell, winner of the Tour of Reservoir- “I had ... 
Paris-Roubaix in train near-miss: Paris-Roubaix competitors are seconds from being hit by a train as they race... 
Face-To-Face: Keith Irving, chief executive of Cycling Scotland - Herald Scotland: Herald ScotlandFace-To-Face... 
Mara Abbott, Phil Gaimon win overall at Redlands Bicycle Classic: Coryn Rivera and Sebastian Haedo win the fin... 
Video trailer: Fast &amp; Furious cycling from Hong Kong action movie director - road.cc: Video trailer: Fast &amp; Fu... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix: 

On a fast, dusty, warm day in northern France, a group of seven emerges from th... 
John Degenkolb’s perfect Paris-Roubaix ride: The German sprinter played his tactics to near perfection to take... 
Riders almost hit by train: Several riders were just seconds from being hit by a train at Paris-Roubaix on Sun... 
Pro Bike: Greg Van Avermaet’s podium BMC Granfondo RBX: 

Greg Van Avermaet rode BMC's Granfondo RBX to third ... 
Brailsford: Wiggins is a great: Sir Dave Brailsford described Sir Bradley Wiggins as one of the best athletes ... 
The moto blog: a hectic day at Paris-Roubaix: No-one gets closer to the action of a big race than a top photog... 
Riders take risk over level crossing during Paris-Roubaix (video): A number of riders continued across the rai... 
Bradley Wiggins fails to secure dream Team Sky send-off in Paris-Roubaix: Paris-Roubaix: Germany's John Degenk... 
John Degenkolb wins the 2015 Paris-Roubaix - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyJohn Degenkolb wins the 2015 Paris-... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Paris-Roubaix: 
John Degenkolb wins the sprint in the Roubaix velodrome. As capti... 
Roubaix’15: Dynamite Degenkolb!: Race Report: There is never a surprise winner in Roubaix and today's 'Hell of... 
Degenkolb wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-rider sprint: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) earned his second monument wi... 
John Degenkolb wins Paris-Roubaix after Bradley Wiggins threat fades: • Degenkolb becomes second German to win... 
Wiggins falls short at Roubaix: Sir Bradley Wiggins’ dream of winning Paris-Roubaix in his final race for Team... 
John Degenkolb wins the 2015 Paris-Roubaix: German sprints to victory from a group of seven riders after an en... 
Disaster averted at Paris-Roubaix as race disrupted by train at level crossing: • Peloton split by train at le... 
Paris-Roubaix in train near-miss: Paris-Roubaix competitors are seconds from being hit by a train as they race... 
Bristol Cycling Campaign slams 'awful' plans for bike and walk routes to city ... - Bristol Post: Bristol Post... 
Roof of England sportive to ‘replace’ Etape Pennines: County Durham event organised for August 30 to fill the ... 
Blog: Why would anyone ride Paris-Roubaix?: British amateurs made up over one third of the 4,500 entries for t... 
Pro bikes: Devolder's Domane Classics and Domane Koppenberg: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Th... 
Brendan Rhim takes Redlands Crit as race leader Phil Gaimon crashes: Brendan Rhim wins out of a break as a cra... 
Gallery: Mechanics prepare for Paris-Roubaix: 

Mechanics keep the pro peloton moving, and the preparation for... 
Tour of Reservoir – Day 2: Second day of racing at the Tour of Reservoir sees Dani King and Erick Rowsell (Mad... 
Coryn Rivera wins stage-4 criterium at Redlands Bicycle Classic: Coryn Rivera takes the flowers as UnitedHealt... 
Erick Rowsell and Dani King win on first day of Tour of the Reservoir (video/photos): Northumberland played ho... 
Joaquim Rodriguez wins Tour of the Basque Country - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyJoaquim Rodriguez wins Tour ... 
King back with win after five months: Dani King returns to win the first stage of the Tour of the Reservoir af... 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: Bradley Wiggins on verge of being Great Britain's best ever cyclist, insists Team Sky chie... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta a Pais Vasco, stage 6: Results from the sixth and final stage of the 2015 Vuelta a Pais V... 
Joaquim Rodriguez wins Tour of the Basque Country: Second place in final time trial won by Tom Dumoulin nets S... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Kristoff stays aero for Roubaix: 

Alexander Kristoff is sticking with his aero bike for the... 
Paris-Roubaix: By the numbers: 

 Any race is a tale of the tape. Here is Paris-Roubaix, by the numbers
The po... 
Bradley Wiggins hits end of the road for Team Sky on Paris-Roubaix cobbles | William Fotheringham: Sunday mark... 
Matt Eley is star turn for Ely Cycling Club at Team Sales Engine 10 - Cambridge News: Cambridge NewsMatt Eley ... 
Geraint Thomas’s Paris-Roubaix Pinarello Dogma K8-S (video): In an exclusive video interview with Cycling Week... 
RBX Roadside: Pez Rides Roubaix!: Top Ride: The culmination of my visit to Holy Week was the long anticipated,... 
Memory Lane: sport stars' weddings – in pictures: As Andy Murray ties the knot with Kim Sears, we’ve had a rum... 
Paris-Roubaix Preview: 
The last chance to win a cobbled classic this year. Who can take on Alexander Kristoff... 
The six best Paris-Roubaix cobbled sectors you’ve never heard of: Everybody knows the Arenberg and Carrefour d... 
Tinkoff-Saxo reconnoiter the 2015 Paris-Roubaix course: 

Tinkoff-Saxo reconnoiter the 2015 Paris-Roubaix cour... 
GB MTB riders impress on the road - British Cycling: British CyclingGB MTB riders impress on the roadBritish C... 
Provisional Paris-Roubaix start list: You can read more at 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix course recon: 

Tension mounts as riders, teams, and mechanics prepare all the fin... 
Gaimon and Abbott snatch Redlands lead on stage 3: Phil Gaimon and Mara Abbott catapulted to the front of thei... 
Lorries pose huge threat to women riders: The death of an accomplished middle-aged woman as she cycled to work... 
Bradley Wiggins’s guide to Paris-Roubaix: Team Sky's leader previews one of the toughest events in cycling ahe... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin Roubaix recon with telemetry: Ride along with Cannondale-Garmin as the team previews ... 
Results – Tour of Northumberland: Freddie Jagger and Alex Luhrs overall winners of the two Mens Tour of Northu... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5: 

Henao and Rodriguez again go head-to-head on the climbs, but re... 
Bradley Wiggins faces trip to 'Hell' in Paris-Roubaix as he nears end of the road with Team Sky: Not for nothi... 
Team Preview: Etixx – Quick-Step talk Paris-Roubaix: Team Preview: Etixx – Quick-Step talk Paris-Roubaix … Def... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5: The peloton faces brutally steep climbs in the penultimate day of... 
Mikel Landa wins penultimate stage of Basque Tour but Sergio Henao leads: • Spain’s Landa finishes three secon... 
Has champion Wiggins underachieved?: Bradley Wiggins has won almost every major cycling race, yet some feel he... 
Wiggins focused on racing: Sir Bradley Wiggins says he has blocked out all nostalgia and is instead focusing s... 
Riders recce Paris-Roubaix course: in photos: Teams take to the cobbles of Paris-Roubaix this week to get read... 
Searching for Bicycle Mechanics for NSPCC Tour of England: Volunteer on a pro-peloton event and experience bei... 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: On-board with Tinkoff-Saxo in the Arenberg Forest: 

Paris-Roubaix 2015: On-board with Tin... 
High-end bike fit company Cyclefit to open Manchester store: Having established its Covent Garden store in Lon... 
Closed-road criterium returns to Dunfirmline for a second year: The Squirrel Crit Race will take place on June... 
The PEZ Belgian Road Trip!: As part of his continued Spring Classics trip with Velo Classic Tours our man Mark... 
Boonen may make Giro d’Italia debut, but Cavendish to skip Italian tour: Tom Boonen is likely to make his come... 
Kristoff downplays chances of winning on the Paris-Roubaix pave: Alexander Kristoff and his teammates previewe... 
Thomas and Wiggins plan joint attack: Geraint Thomas is happy to share the role of Team Sky leader with Sir Br... 
Alexander Kristoff’s son has shock encounter with Tour of Flanders podium Champagne (video): Leo Kristoff hide... 
inCycle: Behind the scenes at the 2015 Tour of Flanders with Lotto-Soudal: 

inCycle: Behind the scenes at the... 
Bradley Wiggins, coming to a time trial near you: World champion could be about to return to the British testi... 
Gallery: Looking back on Wiggins’ diverse road career: 

Bradley Wiggins is closing out his professional road ... 
Watch: Classic moments from Paris-Roubaix: With Paris-Roubaix, the Queen of the Classics, almost upon us, why ... 
inCycle: Roger De Vlaeminck on the unique qualities of Paris-Roubaix: 

inCycle: Roger De Vlaeminck on the uni... 
London arts visionary Moira Gemmill killed by lorry while cycling near Lambeth ... - Evening Standard: Evening... 
The Exceptional Paris-Roubaix: 
This Sunday’s Paris-Roubaix has to be the most unique race on the calendar. It... 
Giro d’Italia could seek damages from UCI over Astana affair: Organiser Mauro Vegni says he does not want a re... 
Michael Matthews feasts on pizza during Pais Vasco stage four: After doing the hard work to get Simon Yates in... 
SEAN BATTY TO CYCLE FROM COAST TO COAST  IN STV APPEAL CHALLENGE: STV weatherman takes on 168 mile cycling cha... 
Castelli Free Aero Race Bibs Review: Castelli's new Free Aero Race Bibshort has been redesigned from the botto... 
News – Van Avermaet Ready For Paris-Roubaix: Belgium’s Greg Van Avermaet says he is ready to lead a strong BMC... 
"Of course we made fun of him": Wiggins’ former teammates on his Paris-Roubaix dream: Jacky Durand had seen mo... 
Police reaction to East London bike-jackings "shockingly poor" says cycling ... - road.cc: Police reaction to ... 
Shaw and Zirbel win Redlands Big Bear TT: Ryan Roth (Silber) took over the GC lead on Thursday in the Redlands... 
Video: Roubaix Recon with BMC’s Daniel Oss: POV footage of Daniel Oss and Team BMC's Paris-Roubaix recon ride.... 
Banned lorry driver faces jail for crushing cyclist to death: A lorry driver who crushed a cyclist to death fa... 
Lars Boom aims to go supersonic at Roubaix: Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de France last summe... 
Thanks to Ninox: 
All sponsors get a big and public message of thanks and it’s time to put US menswear designe... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 4: 

More action in Spain's Basque mountains, as a small group of GC... 
End of an era: How Wiggins and Sky created history: Sir Bradley Wiggins and Team Sky have grown in tandem, exp... 
Matt Brammeier wins his weight in beer at Ronde: Matt Brammeier got into the break at Ronde van Vlaanderen for... 
New summer clothing range from US brand Cadence (video): US brand Cadence has introduced a new range of Italia... 
Bradley Wiggins bids farewell at Paris-Roubaix: Britain's Tour de France-winning legend lines up for Team Sky ... 
Woman killed by lorry in capital’s fifth cycle death this year: A 55-year-old woman was killed after she was c... 
Sam Bennett shows off his Scheldeprijs battle scars: Sam Bennett got a chainring in the side at Scheldeprijs (... 
Two in a row for Rodriguez at Pais Vasco: Joaquim Rodriguez doubles up, winning his second day in a row at Vue... 
Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart reunite for cycling date - 
Peters helps King ahead of return: Dani King received help from psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters to help her get o... 
Seven metre Cheltenham cycle lane defended by council: A tiny bike lane in the Gloucestershire town has recent... 
Ask a Mechanic: Mixing brake levers and calipers: 

Art's Cyclery explains the compatibility of new and old Sh... 
Ride for CTC at the Great Tour: Come and ride our CTC stages at The Great Tour 
Result – Women’s Tour of Northumberland: Amy Gornall wins stage 1 &amp; the overall, Rebecca Rimmington stage 2 in... 
Plans unveiled for Shrewsbury Cycling Festival: A cycling festival will be held in Shrewsbury on the weekend o... 
Planned cycle scheme expansion ‘could open up South London’: Living near a bike docking station could pay as h... 
Gorges Roubaix: Hell of the Northwest: Gorge Roubaix returned for its third running at the end of March, 2015,... 
Scheldeprijs: Crash footage from the race: 

Scheldeprijs: Crash footage from the race

Cyclingnews is the wor... 
Who holds the Paris-Roubaix Strava KOMs?: Niki Terpstra is the king of Strava when it comes to the pavé sectio... 
Lars Boom Hopeful for Roubaix: Lars Boom looking to convert cobbled stage victory in Tour de France into trium... 
Cycle Sport June 2015 issue is on sale now: Get a free Beet-it nitrate bar when you buy it at the newstand. Fr... 
inCycle: Tour de France 2015 countdown: 

inCycle: Tour de France 2015 countdown

Cyclingnews is the world's l... 
VIDEO: Major cycling pile-up in Belgium: Watch as a number of riders are caught up in a major crash in the fin... 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: Who will win?: We rate the chances of the big favourites for Paris-Roubaix 2015Niki Terpst... 
Adam Blythe for Paris-Roubiax: Ride London winner Adam Blythe part of the Orica GreenEdge team for Paris-Rouba... 
Cycling-South African cyclists dream of Tour - Daily Mail: Cycling-South African cyclists dream of TourDaily M... 
EuroTrash Katusha Thursday!: Apr 09, 2015 - Katusha are having a great period of success at the moment; Kristo... 
Kristoff Unbeatable at Scheldeprijs: In a sprint finish at the end of the 103rd Scheldeprijs, the man of the m... 
What is the best folding bike on the market?: Brompton, Birdy, Dahon, Strida, Tern: there are a host of foldin... 
Jackson and Haedo win stage 1 of Redlands Bicycle Classic: Sebastian Haedo (Jamis-Hagens Berman) won the first... 
Sky await news of Viviani injury after Scheldeprijs crash (video) - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklySky await ne... 
Wiggins and Thomas avoid pile-up: Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoid being caught up in a major cras... 
Erica Greif killed in car crash on way to Redlands Bicycle Classic: Promising young rider dead on Tuesday afte... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3: 

An explosive finale in Vuelta al Pais Vasco leads to an excitin... 
Kittel’s ‘slow’ recovery and road to Tour: Marcel Kittel (Giant-Alpecin) has had a tough run in the first few ... 
Sky await news of Viviani injury after Scheldeprijs crash (video): Belgian one-day race claims another victim ... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoid mass Scheldeprijs crash: • Team Sky’s Elia Viviani is taken to ho... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3: The general classification picture begins to come into focus as R... 
Policeman and former pro revealed as Flanders crash drivers: Former Lotto and CSC rider Paul Van Hyfte was the... 
Ian Stannard back in the saddle and braced for brutality of Paris-Roubaix: The Team Sky rider could only watch... 
2015 Paris Roubaix – Double for Kristoff?: The monument of monuments, Paris-Roubaix will see Brad Wiggins last... 
Tanner Putt rides breakaway into first Paris-Roubaix start: Tanner Putt jumped into the breakaway at Scheldepr... 
Malori, Dowsett make it Movistar 1-2 in Sarthe TT: Adriano Malori lead a Movistar one-two in the Circuit Sarth... 
Joaquim Rodriguez pips Sergio Henao to win Tour of the Basque Country stage three: Sergio Henao finishes secon... 
Find your stolen bike with a GPS tracker: In 2014 there were over 90,000 bike thefts registered with the polic... 
Witnesses sought after Dorset cyclist injured in hit-and-run incident: A 23-year-old received minor injuries i... 
Result – Hillingdon Saturday Crits: Nicholas Rowe, Clemence Copie &amp; Stephen Bradbury winners at the Saturday H... 
Campaigner criticises police reaction to east London cyclist robberies: After a spate of robberies on cyclists... 
Nine great cycling inventions we'd like to see - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyNine great cycling inventions w... 
PEZ Roadside: Flemish Fun!: After the craziness of chasing De Ronde, Mark McGhee goes for a ride to find a dif... 
Watch: On-bike footage of the Tour of Flanders: Ever wondered what it would feel like to ride up the famous Pa... 
Videos of the week: neutral service steals the headlines and Sean Kelly talks cobbles: A mixed bag coming up, ... 
Rider Safety: 
Monday’s crash in the finish of the Tour of the Basque Country was horrific, the bunch was spee... 
Bath Spa students benefit from new traffic-free cycle path: A traffic-free cycle path, linking Bath Spa Univer... 
Inhabiting Infrastructure: explaining cycling's complexity: This guest blog post was written by Alan Latham an... 
Roubaix’15: The PEZ Preview: The 'Hell of the North' hits the cobbles of Northern France on Sunday, our L'enfe... 
Results – York Tuesday Crits: Lee Brown &amp; Oliver Swan winners at the crits in York on Tuesday night Results – ... 
2015 Paris-Roubaix – Map &amp; Cobbles: After a final recce, ASO have star rated the 53 kilometres of cobbles in t... 
2015 Adelaide Tour start list: You can read more at 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Road jackets: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Stay warm and dry on the road w... 
What advice would you give someone starting out in cycling? - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyWhat advice would ... 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: Top 10 riders to watch: 

Paris-Roubaix 2015: Top 10 riders to watch

Paris-Roubaix draws ... 
Reviewed: WattBike Pro: The WattBike comes at a steep price, but it offers a wealth of data measurements to th... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road gear: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
All of the best gear femal... 
2016 Trek Madone - What we want to see: This article was originally published on Bikeradar  Trek launched its ... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2: 

Stage 2 offered six categorized climbs and a surprise winner fr... 
Video: Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies gears up for TTT: The Optum women's team is confident its team chemistry... 
What advice would you give someone starting out in cycling?: Solid advice for first-time riders, from the coll... 
The changing face of the British bike shop - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyThe changing face of the British bi... 
Motorists give cyclist a high five and a cheer (video): It's not all bad feelings between cyclists and motoris... 
Felline is fabulous in Pais Vasco stage 2 sprint: Fabio Felline freelances his way to a stage win in Spain, as... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Sir Dave Brailsford interview: How this odd couple changed the face of British cycling... 
Tiffany Cromwell's Cyclingnews diary: Episode 4 from the Tour of Flanders: 

Tiffany Cromwell's Cyclingnews di... 
Richie Porte still tops WorldTour ranking despite challenge from Kristoff: Team Sky retains position as top te... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo looks ahead to Roubaix: What makes the cobblestones of Roubaix so special? Bell helmets t... 
Results – Kent Cyclopark Masters: Richard Bettaney &amp; Richard Naylor winners at the Kent Cyclopark Masters crit... 
Wiggins confirmed to ride Scheldeprijs but no Cavendish for Etixx: Wiggins will ride as part of the eight-man ... 
Kristoff headlines Scheldeprijs without Cavendish, Kittel: Alexander Kristoff enters Wednesday's Scheldeprijs ... 
Paris-Roubaix: looking ahead to a Sunday in Hell: If there’s one race that epitomises racing on the cobbleston... 
On-board footage on the Paterberg at the Tour of Flanders: 

On-board footage on the Paterberg at the Tour of ... 
Paris aiming to become new ‘global cycling capital’: New €150m cycling infrastructure proposals aim to transfo... 
How to beat Kristoff: 
He’ll go in the breakaways, he’ll win bunch sprints, he’ll take 300km classics or morni... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Classic Chaos!: This week Lee's has been getting excited by the action on the Belgian cobbles i... 
Chance to sponsor cycling event in Barrow a wheel opportunity - NW Evening Mail: Chance to sponsor cycling eve... 
Adam Yates breaks finger in Tour of Basque Country crash (video): Metal poles in final 500 metres of opening s... 
Result – Skegness Whs 25: Joel Wainman fastest by two seconds to deny Daniel Barnett in the Skegness Wheelers ... 
Toolbox: Remodelling Muscle to Burn Fat: Fasted and ‘controlled carbohydrate’ training is getting increasing a... 
Result – High Wycome CC 10: Adam Topham one of three riders under 20 in his clubs High Wycome CC Open Lesley C... 
2015 Scheldeprijs start list: You can read more at 
Roman Manko mourned by GTA cycling community - CBC.ca: CBC.caRoman Manko mourned by GTA cycling communityCBC.c... 
Analysis: The Winners and Losers of the 99th Ronde van Vlaanderen: Without question, Niki Terpstra (Etixx-Quic... 
Result – Northover VT Open 10: Solo winner Dean Robson matches the time of the two up winners Sean Childs &amp; Le... 
VeloNews partners with Cognoscenti for USA Pro Challenge tour: Cognoscenti will show riders the best roads in ... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1: 

Michael Matthews ends the day in the yellow jersey after sprint... 
Etixx-Quick-Step with little to celebrate in cobbled classics: The pressure has been on Etixx-Quick-Step's Zde... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1: Aussie Michael Matthews sprints his way into the first leader's j... 
Michael Matthews wins Tour of the Basque Country opening stage: Michael Matthews wins stage one of the 2015 To... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Workhorse/race road: 

These bikes are made to be ridden hard and put away wet, whether yo... 
Result – East Sussex Cycling Association Two Up: Chris McNamara (Pedal Heaven) &amp; Richard Cartland winners in t... 
Emma Johansson rides Tour of Flanders three weeks after breaking collarbone: Swedish Champion Emma Johansson's... 
Now Paris Wants to Become the 'World Capital of Cycling' - CityLab: CityLabNow Paris Wants to Become the 'Worl... 
Tom Boonen (Etixx-QuickStep) on why Paris-Roubaix is a slow killer: 

Tom Boonen (Etixx-QuickStep) on why Pari... 
Results – Ilkley Cycling Club Open 25: 1-2 for Team Swift as Andy Jackson is fastest in the Ilkley Cycling Clu... 
Five things we learned from the Tour of Flanders: Alexander Kristoff wins the 2015 Tour of FlandersClassics mo... 
First Results – Castle Combe Easter Classic: Justin Hoy of NFTO and Grace Garner winners at the Castle Combe E... 
Tour of Flanders 2015: Race Highlights: 

Tour of Flanders 2015: Race Highlights

Highlights of the second mon... 
Roadside Flanders!: Sunday's Tour of Flanders was a great race but the best way to really experience the Class... 
Teams left angry after Tour of Flanders neutral service car incidents: Trek and FDJ teams ask questions after ... 
Results – Youth Tour of Scotland: Latest results from the Youth Tour of Scotland as Joseph Nally and Rhona Cal... 
inCycle: Following Sep Vanmarcke at the Spring Classics: 

inCycle: Following Sep Vanmarcke at the Spring Clas... 
Team News – G4 Acre Cycling Team: Last Saturday saw the launch of the new G4 Acre cycling team take place at t... 
EuroTrash Kristoff Monday!: Apr 06, 2015 - A Flanders filled EuroTrash Monday and the star has to be Kristoff.... 
Remembering Phil Anderson's first Tour of Flanders podium: Today, the team to beat in the classics is Etixx-Qu... 
Alexander Kristoff wins Tour of Flanders as Geraint Thomas' challenge fades - SkySports: SkySportsAlexander Kr... 
Gallery: 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen: 

Canny Alexander Kristoff rides to the front with Niki Terpstra and deliv... 
Elisa Longo Borghini finds redemption in Flanders win: Elisa Longo Borghini smiled as she phoned her family to... 
Result – Frank Morgan Memorial Road Race: Tony Greenhalgh of Onimpex Bioracer wins the Frank Morgan Memorial R... 
Cycling-Road-Ronde van Vlaanderen results - Daily Mail: Cycling-Road-Ronde van Vlaanderen resultsDaily MailLar... 
Stybar's dental dilemma: Zdenek Stybar has admitted it was "not nice" to have to take his false teeth out midw... 
Tour of Flanders – Another Monument for Kristoff: Katusha’s Alexander Kristoff fulfills dream of winning Fland... 
Geraint Thomas “hoped for more” in Tour of Flanders: Welshman Geraint Thomas hoped to continue his run of grea... 
Thomas: I lacked punch: Geraint Thomas admitted he lacked the “punch” he needed to follow the race leaders aft... 
Neutral service cars take out two riders at Tour of Flanders: Shimano neutral service after an incident-filled... 
Tour of Flanders 2015: Highlights of the final kilometre: 

Tour of Flanders 2015: Highlights of the final kil... 
Alexander Kristoff wins Tour of Flanders as Geraint Thomas falls short: • Norwegian Kristoff beats Dutchman Ni... 
The Moment The Race Was Won – De Ronde: 
What do give you a billionaire for his birthday? Katusha team owner I... 
Pro Bike Gallery: John Degenkolb’s Giant TCR Advanced SL: Degenkolb's father, Frank, surprised his son with th... 
Result: Squadra Spring Classic RR: Hamish Graham clear winner of the 50 mile Squadra Classic Road Race at Wart... 
Alexander Kristoff beats Niki Terpstra in two-up sprint at Tour of Flanders as Geraint Thomas falters in final... 
Jesse Sergent hit by neutral service car in Tour of Flanders (video): Two incidents involving neutral service ... 
Kristoff wins Tour of Flanders: Alexander Kristoff out-sprinted Niki Terpstra to win an enthralling edition of... 
Flanders’15: Krusher Kristoff!: Race Report: Norway’s Alex Kristoff took his second Monument, to go with his 2... 
Alexander Kristoff takes the flowers in a sunny Tour of Flanders: Alexander Kristoff wins the 2015 Tour of Fla... 
Result – Stowmarket and Dist CC 20: James Trenchard fastest in the Stowmarket and Dist CC 20 mile time trial i... 
Chaos reigns at Tour of Flanders as neutral service car takes out Jesse Sergent and Sebastien Chavanel: Riders... 
Sport picture of the day: Sky over the Oude Kwaremont: Luke Rowe and his Sky team-mates climb the Oude Kwaremo... 
Armitstead loses lead in World Cup: Italy's Elisa Longo Borghini wins the women's Tour of Flanders as Briton L... 
Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders: Results from the 2015 Tour of Flanders
The post Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders... 
Elisa Longo Borghini wins women’s Tour of Flanders: Wiggle-Honda team enjoys one-two in women's Tour of Flande... 
Elisa Longo Borghini wins women’s Tour of Flanders: Elisa Longo Borghini celebrates after winning the 12th wom... 
Matt Brammeier wins his weight in beer at Tour of Flanders - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyMatt Brammeier wins... 
Matt Brammeier wins his weight in beer at Tour of Flanders: While other riders have their eye on the race win,... 
Bradley Wiggins: I hated being the winner of the Tour de France: • Wiggins claims losing title to Chris Froome... 
Tour of Flanders - live:  
Lightweight vs aero, which is best?: Defy gravity or cheat the wind? CW investigates to uncover the Holy Grail... 
WIN: Bellwether Optime Kit!: WIN Bellwether's best kit - just in time to make your Spring faster than ever. Th... 
Pro bike: Karl Platt's Bulls Wild Edge Team 29: This article originally appeared on BikeRadar  Karl Platt alon... 
Tour of Flanders 2015: Ian Stannard the tough nut at the heart of Team Sky as Geraint Thomas eyes Ronde title:... 
Stefan Kung solos to victory in Volta Limburg Classic: Stefan Küng said he was thinking about his runner-up fi... 
Ian Bibby (NFTO Pro Cycling) wins Chorley Grand Prix - British Cycling: British CyclingIan Bibby (NFTO Pro Cyc... 
The Agenda: Geraint Thomas takes form into the Tour of Flanders: • Team Sky rider is finely placed to become t... 
Angel Vicioso wins 3rd GP Miguel Indurain: Katusha's Angel Vicioso won a third GP Miguel Indurain on Saturday.... 
Ian Bibby wins Chorley Grand Prix: Ian Bibby gives his NFTO team victory in the opening round of the British E... 
Nairo Quintana tops list of favorites for Vuelta a Pais Vasco: Nairo Quintana had a solid spring season in 201... 
Bradley Wiggins hopes Geraint Thomas works magic at Flanders: Bradley Wiggins is prouder than ever to sport th... 
Thomas enjoys Flanders favourite tag: Britain's Geraint Thomas says it is "pretty special" to be one of the fa... 
Pro Bike: Alexander Kristoff’s Canyon Aeroad CF SLX: 

The sleek aero road bike that Alexander Kristoff (Katus... 
Team Sky Pinarello Dogma K8-S: 

Team Sky Pinarello Dogma K8-S

Ahead of the 2015 Tour of Flanders, Team Sky l... 
Cycling elite flock to Chorley for Grand Prix - Lancashire Evening Post: Lancashire Evening PostCycling elite ... 
Easter eggs, cycling and burning calories: Cycling is great exercise and an excellent way to burn off any extr... 
Sean Kelly on riding the cobbles: ‘You have to be crazy to win here’ (video): As the Tour of Flanders and Pari... 
inCycle: Volta Ciclista a Catalunya full race highlights from 2015: 

inCycle: Volta Ciclista a Catalunya full... 
inCycle: Johan Museeuw on why the Tour of Flanders is such a legendary race: 

inCycle: Johan Museeuw on why t... 
The importance of power-to-weight, and how to improve yours: Unless you only ever ride on pancake-flat surface... 
PEZ Rides The Flanders Sportif!: The Tour of Flanders is a legendary event. The steep nasty bergs, the cobbles... 
Live! Chorley Grand Prix 2015: The season of major events has started in Britain with the running of the first... 
Cycling: McCallum comes out of retirement - Edinburgh Evening News: Edinburgh Evening NewsCycling: McCallum co... 
2015 Paris-Camembert start list: You can read more at 
‘Super G’ Thomas leads Sky into Ronde full of confidence: Geraint Thomas rode to victory in E3 Harelbeke on Ma... 
Plans for River Thames pedestrian bridge to encourage cycling and shorten ... - Get Surrey: Get SurreyPlans fo... 
Bradley Wiggins says helping Team Sky win Tour of Flanders would better his Tour de France win: Sir Bradley Wi... 
Team News – Etixx – Quick-Step to Flanders: Etixx – Quick-Step announces the riders who will race for them in ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Mountain bike hardtails: 

Kick it old school with these three modern versions of the trus... 
Thomas happy to be a favourite: Geraint Thomas insists it is a privilege to be a favourite for the Tour of Fla... 
Report &amp; Result – Bournemouth Arrow 10: Matt Burden of Severn RC won the Bournemouth Arrow 10 on the P311 Ring... 
Flanders preview: Generational shift in wide-open Ronde: Without its two perennial favorites, Sunday's Tour of... 
Bernhard Eisel’s Team Sky Pinarello Dogma K8-S cobble bike: Up-close look at Team Sky's Pinarello Dogma K8-S s... 
‘Sphinx’ Sagan under pressure to deliver big win at Flanders: Peter Sagan hopes to be in the winning move at F... 
I will keep building ghost bikes as long as cyclists' lives are taken: What started as Jessie Gray Singer’s me... 
Vote bike in the General Election, says CTC: National cycling charity CTC has written to all prospective parli... 
Nibali: ‘Astana is a symbol of clean and honest sport’: Vincenzo Nibali wrote to the UCI, asking the governing... 
Steven de Jongh promoted after Tinkoff sacks Riis: Steven de Jongh will manage the group of sport directors at... 
Tweets of the Week: Alex Dowsett, Dean Downing, Geraint Thomas and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this w... 
Hardy participants brave bad weather for Harborough's first cycling fest - Harborough Mail: Harborough MailHar... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen Preview: 
The greatest one day race in the world takes place on Sunday. Giant crowds, fie... 
Team Sky unveil new bike: Team Sky have unveiled a “game-changing” new bike ahead of their bid to win the Tour... 
Readers’ Rigs: Fuso: It's time for another Readers' Rigs now, the column where everyday readers send in photos... 
Marcel Kittel ‘looking good’ for Scheldeprijs; Cavendish not riding: Marcel Kittel back on track after virus r... 
Result – Eagle Hilly 30 TT: Tom Trimble of CC Ashwell fastest in the Eagle Hilly 30 mile time trial on Sunday,... 
Gallery: Time trial tech from Three Days of de Panne: The article first appeared on Bike Radar  A few of the w... 
Sky to ride Pinarello with suspension for cobblestones: The rear shock is said to offer 10mm of compliance for... 
Tour of Flanders: Geraint Thomas hoping his new bike can lead Team Sky to the crest of a wave: In-form Briton ... 
Team Sky’s secret weapon: A suspension Pinarello Dogma cobble bike: Meet the bike co-engineered with Jaguar th... 
Cycling: Olympian Joanna Rowsell relishes making a difference in her sport - Derby Telegraph: Derby TelegraphC... 
Thomas the Flanders favourite - Sutton: British Cycling chief Shane Sutton says Geraint Thomas's billing as a ... 
Astana meets UCI License Commission in effort to keep WorldTour spot: The fate of Astana's WorldTour license i... 
Interview – Wiggins Wins In the Rainbow Jersey: Bradley Wiggins won the final stage of the 3 Days of De Panne ... 
2015 Criterium du Dauphine route announced: Andrew Talansky (Cannondale-Garmin) rode to overall victory in the... 
How Geraint Thomas and Team Sky are ready for action: Team Sky soigneur Mario Pafundi reveals what it takes to... 
2015 Critérium du Dauphiné Route: 
More than the race resembles a mini-Tour de France, this race as an Alpine ... 
Bradley Wiggins beats virus to win first time trial in rainbow jersey: Bradley Wiggins reveals that he thought... 
Results: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3b: Wiggins takes home first TT win wearing rainbow jersey a... 
The foldable helmet that will fit in your backpack: Spanish company Closca bring you the Fuga collapsible helm... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins wins final time trial for Team Sky: • Wiggins dominates 14.2km course at the Three Days of... 
Video: GCN’s 10 riders to watch in Flanders: Global Cycling Network names the 10 riders to watch at Ronde van ... 
Wiggins wins TT in Belgium: Sir Bradley Wiggins claimed his first win of the season by dominating the stage 3b... 
Bradley Wiggins wins final time trial stage of Three Days of De Panne: Alexander Kristoff seals overall victor... 
Route Revealed for  Critérium du Dauphiné 2015: ASO reveals  the route for the Critérium du Dauphiné to be hel... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3a: Results from stage 3a at the Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde in ... 
Get your kit off! Is Ipswich ready for naked cycling? - Ipswich Star: Ipswich StarGet your kit off! Is Ipswich... 
Alex Dowsett on his hour record attempt (video): Having broken his collarbone earlier this year, Alex Dowsett'... 
Sean Kelly: Geraint Thomas can win Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix double: Sean Kelly says Sir Bradley Wigg... 
Astana betting on Boom to deliver big bang in the classics: Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de F... 
Flanders: PEZ Rides the Best Bergs: Fancy yourself a hard man in the truest sense - the 'Belgian' sense?  Then... 
NEWS: RTTC Classic Series Rd 2: Stars studded line up for second round of RTTC Classic Time Trial Series at Lo... 
Bradley Wiggins backs Geraint Thomas as next Team Sky leader: Bradley Wiggins praises Geraint Thomas's versati... 
News – Blythe to Ride Flanders: ORICA-GreenEDGE names squad for Tour of Flanders with Ride London winner Adam ... 
Why Vote Bike?: If a week is a long time in politics, five years must begin to stretch into eternity, thinks c... 
Buyer’s guide to arm warmers: Few items of your cycling wardrobe will get as much use as a good pair of arm wa... 
Chorley GP Countdown – Ian Bibby: A new team, a new motivation and after a winter in Australia, NFTO’s Ian Bib... 
Transport minister calls for Oxford station ‘cycle hub’: Baroness Kramer is calling for nearly 2,000 more bike... 
Tour de France stage-setting, Chelsea football dreams and Daniel Vettori | Classic YouTube: This week’s round-... 
Former cricketer, Gough, set for charity cycling challenge - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyFormer cricketer, G... 
EuroTrash Flanders Thursday!: Apr 02, 2015 - The pre-Flanders excitement is building as Kristoff dominates the... 
2015 Women's Tour of Flanders start list: You can read more at 
Adidas launches cooling Climachill jerseys: New men’s and women’s jerseys designed to cool your body while you... 
Video: How to improve your efficiency: GCN has four tips to improve your efficiency while on the bike.
Global ... 
Injured Peter Kennaugh watches at the sidelines as Sky conquers Classics: Recurrence of an old injury means th... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen to feature onboard camera footage: Onboard cameras provided a new dimension to the finish... 
VIDEO: Armitstead focused on Flanders success: Britain's Lizzie Armitstead says winning the Tour of Flanders o... 
Team News: DePanne – Win 2 for Kristoff: Alexander Kristoff wins his seventh race of the 2015 season on stage ... 
Gallery: Boonen, Etixx-Quick-Step preview Flanders course: 

Tom Boonen joins his Etixx teammates to train on ... 
Result – John Gordon Memorial RR: Richard McDonald wins the category 2/3/4 John Gordon Memorial Road Race at L... 
Wiggins falls further adrift: Sir Bradley Wiggins fell further off the pace at the Three Days of De Panne in B... 
Lefevere rules out Tom Boonen’s Paris-Roubaix return: After Etixx boss Marc Coucke tweeted that injured Tom Bo... 
Bradley Wiggins’s final days at Team Sky: Less than two weeks to go before Bradley Wiggins takes on Paris-Roub... 
CIRC report to become major motion picture: Dreamworks has already begun work on an as-of-yet unnamed account ... 
Held to Higher Standards: 
Cycling’s imagery means that thoughts of spring don’t always turn to blooming flowe... 
Women’s Cycling: The path to parity: The Tour de France held its first ever La Course last summer. Photo: Tim ... 
British Cycling launches revamped Racesmart campaign: British Cycling, the sport's governing body in the UK, h... 
British Cycling launches revamped Racesmart campaign - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyBritish Cycling launches ... 
April Fools Day roundup: the best from the world of cycling: April 1 is a time for hilarity to ensue around th... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Wonderful Wevelgem!: Last Sunday Gent-Wevelgem was a sufferfest of the highest order; wind, rai... 
Richie Porte: Catalunya victory gives me belief in my ability: Richie Porte followed up his Paris-Nice win wit... 
Interview – Tom Scully of Madison Genesis: One of the favourites for the Chorley GP this Saturday is Kiwi Tom ... 
British Cycling Championships: 2016 decision delayed - BBC News: BBC NewsBritish Cycling Championships: 2016 d... 
New Fan Lobby Group Being Formed: 
Cycling fans are grouping together to form a lobby group called Association... 
Oakley launches Mark Cavendish JawBreaker sunglasses: It was a case of when, not if, Oakley would launch the d... 
2015 Route Adélie de Vitré start list: You can read more at 
Will Jeremy Clarkson be the next CTC president?: As part of CTC’s ongoing development plans as national cyclin... 
Tour of Flanders 2015: Top 10 riders to watch: 

Tour of Flanders 2015: Top 10 riders to watch

With no Tom Bo... 
Tinkov: We need a boring, meticulous manager, like Brailsford: Managers – and cycling as a whole – need to mod... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Peyresourde (Luchon): The Col Collective climbs the Col de Peyresourde from t... 
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1: 

Kristoff rules the first day in De Panne, riding his wa... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1: Katusha's Alexander Kristoff takes the first day of racing in ... 
Results – Marsh Tracks Crits March 29: Paul Woodrow, Heather Bamforth &amp; Glyn Jones winners at the Marsh Track ... 
Wiggins well back in Belgium: Norwegian rider Alexander Kristoff won the first stage of the Three Days of De P... 
British Cycling Championships: 2016 decision delayed - BBC Sport: BBC SportBritish Cycling Championships: 2016... 
Girls' PE lessons give 'nightmares': Less cross-country in "knickers and polo shirt" and improved facilities i... 
Watch: Sylvain Chavanel struggles to take his rain coat off at Ghent-Wevelgem (video): IAM Cycling rider Sylva... 
Contador to confront Giro-Tour double without Riis as Tinkov blasts Dane: Alberto Contador and Bjarne Riis' fo... 
Cycling Championships decision delay: The Isle of Man will find out in May if its bid to host the 2016 British... 
PEZ Preview: De Ronde ’15: The early season Belgian cobbled Classics have been building up to this Sunday and ... 
The caravan you can tow behind your bike: The Wide Path Camper answers the question that few people ever asked... 
Technical FAQ: Shifting problems and cog spacing: Good shifting is only as good as how a drivetrain is set up,... 
Products – New Shimano Tiagra: Shimano launched their new Tiagra groupset today, the 4700 that utilises key te... 
USA Pro Challenge announces women’s race for 2015: The USA Pro Challenge returns to Colorado this summer with ... 
Could this seldom-used bus lane be transformed into segregated cycleway? (video): A 200m stretch of bus lane i... 
Telegraph Cycling Podcast: In conversation with Astana: As the future of Vincenzo Nibali's Astana team hangs i... 
Forty Days to the Giro: 
All eyes are rightly on Flanders in anticipation of this weekend’s Ronde van Vlaander... 
Alex Dowsett announces new Hour Record date: Alex Dowsett's 'Perfect Hour' will take place in Manchester on th... 
Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) on his memories of the Tour of Flanders: 

Fabian Cancellara (Trek Fac... 
L'Eroica &amp; CTC Heritage Jersey Rider Package: Don't miss your opportunity to cycle back in time at this year's... 
Cycling race organisers gear up for Barrow return - NW Evening Mail: NW Evening MailCycling race organisers ge... 
Toolbox: Paolini’s Sport Psych Clinic: We have spent a lot of bandwidth over the past 13 years honing your phy... 
The London Cycling Community Unites to Recover Stolen Bikes - Huffington Post UK: Huffington Post UKThe London... 
Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde start list: You can read more at 
UnitedHealthcare enjoys success at home and abroad: The UnitedHealthcare women's criterium squad delivered a d... 
Astana cycling team deny reports they have been stripped of their WorldTour ... - Daily Mail: Daily MailAstana... 
Tom Boonen (Etixx-QuickStep) on what makes the Tour of Flanders so special: 

Tom Boonen (Etixx-QuickStep) on ... 
Team Sky play down Bradley Wiggins’s Ghent-Wevelgem withdrawal: A tough day in which 160 riders abandoned the ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Lust: 

Looking for the most striking bike on the road? You'll lust after these four bikes... 
Invisible spray to keep cyclists safe on roads: New spray paint can be applied to any fabric or surface, washe... 
Results – Hillingdon Circuit Races Saturday: Fabio Scarazzati &amp; Simon Holt winners at the circuit racing at Hi... 
Video: What’s faster? Hardtail? Full-suspension?: Global Mountain Bike Network compares three different bikes ... 
Wind like never before in Belgium’s Gent-Wevelgem classic: Sunday's Gent-Wevelgem saw scenes of incredible car... 
Bradley Wiggins will win Paris-Roubaix, says Luca Paolini: Ghent-Wevelgem winner Luca Paolini tips Bradley Wig... 
New Tour de France Festina Timeless Pieces: A name synonymous with the Tour de France, Festina, have a new col... 
UCI Deny Astana Ban: Cycling Governing body the UCI have denied that Astana have lost their World Tour licence... 
Majorca's Sa Calobra, cycling's perfect climb? - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyMajorca's Sa Calobra, cycling's... 
InCycle: Highlights of the 2015 Volta a Catalunya stage 7: 

InCycle: Highlights of the 2015 Volta a Catalunya... 
Steve Abraham in collision with moped during world mileage record ride: Fractured ankle and a plaster cast for... 
Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda: The post Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda appeared first on ... 
Team Victory Rankings: 
Time to look at the teams and the number of races they’ve won. It might be early in th... 
Geraint Thomas takes the reins ahead of Flanders, Roubaix: Geraint Thomas hopes to master the cobbles the next... 
Majorca’s Sa Calobra, cycling’s perfect climb?: Sa Calobra may not have the racing renown of a Tour col, but w... 
History man Bradley Wiggins raring to go for final Paris-Roubaix Classic: Winner of Tour de France in 2012 has... 
The moto blog: an exceptional day at Ghent-Wevelgem: No-one gets closer to the action of a big race than a top... 
Inside The Taipei Bike Show: High tech carbon beauties, old fashioned steel master pieces plus all the latest,... 
Wiggins in action this week: Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead Team Sky at the Three Days of De Panne stage race i... 
Astana facing anxious wait amid reports UCI plans to revoke licence: • Astana expected to learn fate in approx... 
Richie Porte, Geraint Thomas and Sky dominate WorldTour rankings: Geraint Thomas now sits in second place in t... 
Results – Cyclopark Crits Saturday: Antony Wallis, Emma Lewis, Thomas Hansell &amp; Wayne Beba winners at the crit... 
CTC Chief Executive's spring update: The clocks have changed and spring is finally here, CTC's Paul Tuohy is c... 
Gent-Wevelgem 2015: Race Highlights: 

Gent-Wevelgem 2015: Race Highlights

The 2015 edition of Gent-Wevelgem ... 
Astana to lose WorldTour licence, report suggests: Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf reports Astana will lose their... 
EuroTrash Paolini Monday!: Mar 30, 2015 - The racing has been great the last few days... for some, others, may... 
News – Win for Hannah Barnes in USA: British rider Hannah Barnes has returned to the USA and is already in win... 
Cyclists 'healthier and less stressed', says new Cyclescheme report - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyCyclists '... 
NHS will save billions if more cycle to work: Alcohol and cigarette consumption falls among commuters who star... 
Gallery: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: 

Paolini's brilliant attack in the final kilometers of rainy racing wins the day... 
Cyclists ‘healthier and less stressed’, says new Cyclescheme report: ‘Cycling 10:10’ study finds that bike use... 
Geraint Thomas blown off the road in Ghent-Wevelgem: Geraint Thomas looks back at a successful Belgian classic... 
News – Lizzie Armitstead Wins World Cup Race: Otley’s world star Lizzie Armitstead won the World Cup race Trof... 
GB top para-cycle World medal table: Visually impaired cyclists Neil Fachie and Sophie Thornhill win para-cycl... 
Cycling - In-form Richie Porte triumphs in Tour of Catalonia - Yahoo Eurosport UK: Yahoo Eurosport UKCycling -... 
Porte confident of Giro podium: Team Sky's Richie Porte says he is confident of finishing on the podium at May... 
Report &amp; Results – Mid Shropshire Wheelers Crits: Jake Hales &amp; Maisie Duckworth two of the winners at the seco... 
Team Tinkoff-Saxo terminate contract of manager Bjarne Riis: • Dane will leave post with Russian team with imm... 
Armitstead wins Trofeo Alfredo Binda: Britain's Lizzie Armitstead has won the second round of the 2015 UCI Roa... 
Bjarne Riis leaves Tinkoff-Saxo team ‘by mutual agreement’: Tinkoff-Saxo team issues statement on Sunday eveni... 
Riis leaves Tinkoff-Saxo: Bjarne Riis has left his position as team manager of Tinkoff-Saxo after having his c... 
Results – Hurting on Harting a3crg TT: Simon McNamara &amp; David Pollard two of the winners in the Hurting on Har... 
Team Sky’s Richie Porte holds off Alejandro Valverde to win Volta a Catalunya: • Australian maintains lead at ... 
Tinkoff-Saxo, Bjarne Riis part ways: The party's over: Oleg Tinkov (left) and Bjarne Riis have parted ways. Ph... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Gent-Wevelgem: 
Luca Paolini goes solo to the line. He was dropped over the Kemme... 
Luca Paolini wins memorable edition of Ghent-Wevelgem: Luca Paolini attacks from small lead group to win 2015 ... 
Paolini wins Gent-Wevelgem: Veteran Italian Luca Paolini won an absorbing and weather-battered edition of the ... 
Wevelgem’15: Paolini’s Perfect Performance!: Race report: All but dead in the water on the final haul up the K... 
Report &amp; Results – Capernwray Road Races: Ian Bibby of NFTO and Angela Hibbs were the winners of the Capernwra... 
Luca Paolini overpowers his rivals and the weather to win Gent-Wevelgem: Luca Paolini kicked with 6km to go an... 
Lizzie Armitstead wins Trofeo Alfredo Binda: British rider Lizzie Armitstead takes victory from a six-rider le... 
Armitstead wins in Italy: Britain’s Lizzie Armitstead sprinted to her fourth win of the season at the Trofeo A... 
Result – VC Sevale Open Time Trial: Paul Gamlin is fastest in the VC Sevale Open Time Trial on Saturday March ... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 7: Results from the final stage of the 2015 Volta a Catalunya
The post ... 
Richie Porte holds off Valverde to seal overall win in Catalunya: Alejandro Valverde wins final stage to claim... 
Result – Dick Londragon Memorial RR: Bradley Stokes winner of the Dick Londragon Memorial Road Race in Scotlan... 
Tour de Yorkshire Cycletta welcomes legend’s daughter: Denise Burton-Cole, bronze medallist in the 1975 world ... 
Richie Porte seals victory as Alejandro Valverde takes Catalunya finale: Richie Porte rode to victory on Sunda... 
Porte seals Catalunya victory: Team Sky’s Richie Porte continued his outstanding start to the season by comple... 
Result – Manchester and District TTA 10: Robert Hayes of Manchester Wheelers fastest ahead of Tony Greenhalgh ... 
Ghent-Wevelgem in the rain a love/hate affair for Rowe and Dowsett: While Alex Dowsett doesn't like the cold a... 
Cannondale-Garmin picking up pieces after Langeveld exit: Dylan Van Baarle racing to the podium at E3 Harelbek... 
Gearing up for cycling event in Harborough - Harborough Mail: Harborough MailGearing up for cycling event in H... 
Tour de Yorkshire – Recce of Stage 3: The three day UCI Tour de Yorkshire will see many of the World’s best co... 
Result – Darley Moor 3/4 Circuit Race: Result and photos from Darley Moor where Kieron Howarth was the winner ... 
Raleigh 3rd in Totnes Vire after Day 1: Team News – Team Raleigh GAC are currently third in general classifica... 
News in brief: • Spectator killed after car leaves Nürburgring track• Bradley Wiggins races for Sky at Gent-We... 
Volvo unveils reflective spray paint to make cycling at night safer - Metro: MetroVolvo unveils reflective spr... 
Sky’s classics campaign, already rolling, picks up speed with Bradley Wiggins: Bradley Wiggins was part of a s... 
Trek, Fabian Cancellara see their plans broken on the cobbles of E3 Harelbeke: Fabian Cancellara's crash knock... 
Alberto Contador crashes on a bad day for Tinkoff-Saxo at Volta a Catalunya: Tour de France contender Alberto ... 
Second gold for Storey: Dame Sarah Storey won a second gold at the UCI Para-cycling Track World Championships ... 
Alex Peters moves into Tour de Normandie lead: British rider Alex Peters Takes race lead in Tour de Normandie ... 
Results – Victoria Park Crits: Chanel Mason &amp; Keir Lewis two of the winners at the Victoria Park crits in Leam... 
Storey claims second gold at Worlds: Dame Sarah Storey wins the C5 3km pursuit to claim her second title at th... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 2: Results from stage 2 of the 2015 Criterium International
The p... 
Gerron yer bike, Yorkshire-style! How we went crazy for cycling - Hull Daily Mail: Hull Daily MailGerron yer b... 
Gent-Wevelgem Preview: 
This Sunday’s race is the most sprinter-friendly of the cobbled classics and in the Wo... 
Fabio Felline wins ITT at Criterium International; Ben King holds lead: Ben King remained in yellow after stag... 
Richie Porte retains Volta a Catalunya lead after stage six: Australian Richie Porte poised to give Sky anothe... 
Wiggins to compete in Gent-Wevelgem: The 2012 Tour de France champion Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for Team S... 
Contador survives late crash: Alberto Contador avoided time losses despite crashing in the closing kilometres ... 
Sport picture of the day: speed demon: Being pushed off the side of a mountain on a bike is what Éric Barone d... 
Result – Totnes Vires Day 1: Jon Mould wins stage 1 of Totnes Vire but Raleigh’s Karol Domagalski leads the GC... 
Sergei Chernetski wins stage 6 at Volta a Catalunya: Sergei Chernetski won stage 6 at the Volta a Catalunya on... 
Wiggins to race Gent-Wevelgem: Sir Bradley Wiggins will return to action at the Belgian cobbled classic Gent-W... 
Three stunning new routes for the 2015 Wiggle Etape Cymru : Open road event will feature views from the Horses... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins to ride for Team Sky in Belgian sprint classic: • Wiggins joined by Geraint Thomas for Sun... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 1a: Results from the first stage of the 2015 Criterium Internatio... 
New Team Sky lube from Muc-Off (video): Muc-Off, the lubricant supplier to Team Sky, has launched a new Team S... 
Cumbria proposes bid to host British cycling national championships - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyCumbria pr... 
Adam Blythe playing a team role at Orica-GreenEdge: Adam Blythe, Revolution 2015Adam Blythe’s return to the Wo... 
News – Women’s GP Series: Three new venues for 2015 women’s Matrix Fitness Grand Prix Series starting May 19 i... 
Results – Velopark Track league: Results from the final round (intermediate level and women) of the Full Gas C... 
Daniel Patten – Team WIGGINS: Pro Interview: One of the big changes coming soon in the season will be that of ... 
Tour of Normandy – Doull 3rd: Owain Doull is third on stage 4 of the Tour of Normandy with Scully &amp; Doull both... 
News – Ben Swift Victory in Italy: In weather akin to that back in England on a bad day, Ben Swift solo’s to v... 
Ghent-Wevelgem 2015: Who will win?: Form guide for the main contenders for the 2015 edition of Ghent-Wevelgem ... 
Cranking cycling up a gear - Hull Daily Mail: Hull Daily MailCranking cycling up a gearHull Daily MailThe York... 
Criterium International start list: You can read more at 
The Sagan star flickering: Aside from one victory at Tirreno-Adriatico, Tinkoff-Saxo's Peter Sagan has yet to ... 
The moto blog: E3 Harelbeke: No-one gets closer to the action of a big race than a top photographer — or his m... 
Gallery: 2015 E3 Harelbeke: 

A wild and dangerous day in Flanders saw favorites Cancellara and Van Avermaet c... 
The moto blog: E3 Harelbeke: No-one gets closer to the action of a big race than a top photographer — or his m... 
Geraint Thomas claims finest win yet in E3 Harelbeke: He become first ever British winner of Belgian semi-clas... 
Quick releases: CTC's Sam Jones questions whether we should be concerned as the Government issues five reports... 
Fabian Cancellara ruled out of Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix after crash: • Swiss cyclist fractures two v... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 5: Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) attacked his way to win number two at ... 
Team Sky’s Geraint Thomas becomes first Briton to win E3 Harelbeke: • Welshman beats Zdenek Stybar and Peter S... 
Sky’s ‘relief’ after Geraint Thomas takes first major one-day race win: "On these roads he's now one of the be... 
Thomas triumphs in Belgian classic: Team Sky's Geraint Thomas holds on to become the first Briton to win the f... 
Thomas: I can't believe it: Geraint Thomas admitted he was in a state of disbelief after claiming the biggest ... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: E3 Harelbeke: 
Geraint Thomas goes solo with 4km to go. A year ago he’d arrived a... 
Ride for Team CTC in this year's Prudential RideLondon: If you didn't get a place allocated to you from this y... 
Teenage cyclist dies after collision with car in West Midlands: The collision between a cyclist and a car happ... 
Cancellara out of spring classics: Fabian Cancellara is ruled out of both the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Rouba... 
Geraint Thomas wins E3 Harelbeke: Welshman Geraint Thomas takes solo win in E3 Harelbeke after attacking Peter... 
Thomas wins E3 Harelbeke: Team Sky’s Geraint Thomas claimed the biggest win of his road racing career by soloi... 
Thomas emerges victorious from crash-marred E3 Harelbeke: Geraint Thomas jumps Stybar and Sagan in the final f... 
An incomprehensible travesty of justice: Last week, an incomprehensible travesty of justice occurred in Kent. ... 
Cancellara out of classics: Fabian Cancellara will miss the rest of the spring classics after breaking his bac... 
Incycle: Michal Kwiatkowski on his year in the rainbow jersey: 

Incycle: Michal Kwiatkowski on his year in th... 
Valverde wins again in Catalunya: Alejandro Valverde takes his second stage win in Volta a Catalunya, moving u... 
High time Lance Armstrong realised that only humility earns redemption | Richard Williams: Geoff Thomas’s half... 
VIDEO: Storey wins para-cycling gold: Dame Sarah Storey wins the 500m time-trial on a successful opening day f... 
Tweets of the Week: Chris Froome, Geraint Thomas, Alex Dowsett and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this w... 
Incycle: John Degenkolb recounts his Gent-Wevelgem 2014 victory: 

Incycle: John Degenkolb recounts his Gent-W... 
Racing without Boonen: Etixx-Quick-Step refits classics tactics without star: Zdenek Stybar is on great form c... 
Fabian Cancellara crashes out of E3 Harelbeke: The Swiss Classics specialist was forced to abandon after a hea... 
Inside the mind of a champion: A chat with Georgia Gould: Georgia Gould, warming up before the 2012 Olympic cr... 
Why the beers are on Peter Sagan this weekend: The Slovak national champion is due to take delivery of his own... 
Berwick Cyclists: Exploring England and Scotland by bicycle in a day couldn't be easier, as Tony Houghton CTC ... 
Cycling quiz: name the palmarès: Can you identify the professional cyclist - active or retired - from some of ... 
The Great Tour: A new cycle tour is happening this summer and CTC is looking for riders and volunteers to join... 
Telegraph Cycling Podcast: Milan-San Remo was far from a tepid affair: Richard Moore and Daniel Friebe discuss... 
The Action Of Gent Wevelgem: With the Gent Wevelgem running on Sunday, today is a good day to look back at the... 
'Babies heads &amp; bouncing bikes': British sprinter Mark Cavendish gives his seven steps for success in cycling'... 
E3 Harelbeke Preview: 
It may not be the Ronde van Vlaanderen or Paris-Roubaix but chances are millions have h... 
Para-cycling Worlds: Storey leads British gold medal haul - BBC Sport: BBC SportPara-cycling Worlds: Storey le... 
Feature – NFTO in Yorkshire Day 2: Day 2 of the UCI Pro Team NFTO’s recce of the Tour de Yorkshire stages was ... 
Stress Test: Specialized S-Works Road shoes: Tech reporter Logan VonBokel evaluates over a year's worth of rid... 
10 climbs from around the world you may not have heard of: We take a look at 10 huge cycling climbs from aroun... 
Four GB golds at para-cycling Worlds: Dame Sarah Storey, Jody Cundy, Sophie Thornhill and Neil Fachie win gold... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 4: 

With lots of climbing on the menu, the Catalunya GC gets shaken up... 
Storey and Cundy strike gold: Great Britain won four gold medals and one silver on the opening day of the UCI ... 
Problems still brewing in team Tinkoff-Saxo: Bjarne Riis (left) and team owner Oleg Tinkov (right) seem to be ... 
Van Garderen climbs to victory: Belgium’s Bart de Clerq moved into the overall lead of the Volta a Catalunya a... 
Chain Reaction Cycles invites Jeremy Clarkson to host cycling show in early April Fools: Chain Reaction Cycles... 
Pourseyedigolakhour wins Tour de Taiwan overall: You can read more at 
Van Garderen bounces back with stage 4 win in Catalunya: One day after a harrowing crash in Volta a Catalunya,... 
Peloton dresses for wet weather at Milan-San Remo: It took nearly seven hours for John Degenkolb to take victo... 
Abu Dhabi Tour announces four-stage race route: 

The inaugural Abu Dhabi Tour will feature four stages, one o... 
E3 Harelbeke &amp; Gent-Wevelgem 2015: Top 10 riders to watch: 

E3 Harelbeke &amp; Gent-Wevelgem 2015: Top 10 riders ... 
Greg Van Top-Ten: 
A follow-up to yesterday’s piece about José Joaquín Rojas, the master of finishing fourth. ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Bib shorts: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Take a seat with four comfortable... 
Geraint Thomas to lead Team Sky at E3 Harelbeke: Welshman Geraint Thomas will lead Team Sky at E3 Harelbeke on... 
PEZ Talk: Novo Nordisk’s Thomas Raeymaekers: Thomas Raeymaekers was on his way to a promising career, in the b... 
Dundee woman to stand trial after cycling wrong way along Kingsway - Evening Telegraph: Evening TelegraphDunde... 
Ask a Mechanic: Straight pull vs. J-bend spokes: 

Art’s Cyclery breaks down the differences between these two... 
Burn fat on morning rides: Training before breakfast may help you burn more fat and lose more weight Photo: Ru... 
Sergio Henao returns from broken knee at Settimana Coppi e Bartali: Team Sky's Colombian rider Sergio Henao ma... 
Bradley Wiggins skips E3 Harelbeke but will race Ghent-Wevelgem: Bradley Wiggins replaced by Elia Viviani in T... 
E3 Harelbeke 2015 preview: Full look ahead to the 2015 edition of E3 Harelbeke (March 27): Contenders, route, ... 
Wada boss laments Armstrong 'ambush': Lance Armstrong should avoid "ambushing" the Tour de France by taking pa... 
EuroTrash Catalunya Thursday!: Mar 26, 2015 - The Volta a Catalunya takes center stage this morning, but we al... 
Gent-Wevelgem Women start list: You can read more at 
Results – MK Bowl Crits 3: Laura Clode, Sean Dines &amp; Charlie Wright winners at round 3 of the Milton Keynes Bo... 
Dwars door Vlaanderen 2015: Race Highlights: 

Dwars door Vlaanderen 2015: Race Highlights

Watch highlights o... 
Q&amp;A: Pinot building form into Criterium International: Thibault Pinot (FDJ) heads into Critérium International... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3: 

Volta a Catalunya gets shaken up on a hard, hilly stage around Gir... 
Philadelphia International Cycling Classic announces women’s teams: Evelyn Stevens (Boels Dolmans) has won two... 
News – Alex Peters 2nd in Normandy: SEG Racing’s Alex Peters was second on stage 2 of the Tour of Normandy, Sc... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3: Domenico Pozzovivo wins ahead of strong GC group, as Pierre Rolland ... 
Basingstoke residents offered chance to shape cycling strategy - Cycling Weekly: Basingstoke GazetteBasingstok... 
Froome loses time in Catalunya: Team Sky’s Chris Froome lost time to his rivals as Domenico Pozzovivo escaped ... 
How would YOU improve coverage of bike racing on TV?: We asked readers of Cycling Weekly how they would make t... 
Pozzovivo wins Catalunya stage 3 with solo attack: Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r La Mondiale) attacked late in stag... 
Cyclist Leveridge ready to race pro: Gaby Leveridge is ready to turn cycling from a hobby into a profession fo... 
Yanto Barker relishing challenging Totnes-Vire course: The two-day Totnes-Vire race features a double-header o... 
Wallays and Theuns go one-two at Dwars door Vlaanderen: Jelle Wallays makes a clever attack with one kilometer... 
Still more for UCI to do in support of ParaCycling, says Cundy: A delay in the UCI sending paperwork nearly co... 
PEZ Preview: Gent-Wevelgem: The cobble season is upon us, this is the time of year to be in Belgium or better;... 
Minister for Transport &amp; Islands announces £10 million Active Travel boost: Active travel in Scotland has been... 
Video: How to boost your power on the bike: Global Cycling Network explains some basic training techniques tha... 
Saxo Bank founder calls for Tinkov to resolve Riis situation: Lars Seier Christensen has even offered to media... 
No pedals, no problem: German company launch adult balance bike (video): New Fliz bike encourages you to unlea... 
We need road crash victims' rights: The insensitive treatment of Michael Mason's grieving family by the Metrop... 
Cundy wants Para-cycling to do more: Britain's Jody Cundy says the UCI can do more to promote Para-cycling ahe... 
Señor Cuarto: 
José Joaquín Rojas celebrates but it’s Movistar’s jefe Alejandro Valverde who wins the stage in... 
Videos of the week: hopping to the top of Taipei 101 and behind the scenes at Milan-San Remo: It's time for th... 
Fitbit Surge activity tracker with GPS now offers cycling features - road.cc: Fitbit Surge activity tracker wi... 
Madison-Genesis rider Tom Scully takes lead in Tour de Normandie: Tom Scully of British team Madison-Genesis w... 
Team News – Raleigh’s Yorkshire Delight: Team Raleigh GAC is delighted to announce that it will be racing the ... 
Lee’s Lowdown: Milan Musing!: Now that 'La classicissima' has been fought over for 2015, Lee Rodgers gives us ... 
Cycling near misses: 'You need ceaseless vigilance if you want to stay alive' - The Guardian: The GuardianCycl... 
Are micro-dosing riders poking holes in biological passport?: Anti-doping expert Robin Parisotto has stated th... 
Andreu celebrates victory despite life being ‘destroyed’: Betsy and Frankie Andreu found themselves in Lance A... 
Video: Behind the scenes at Milano-Sanremo with John Degenkolb: 

Find out what it took for John Degenkolb to ... 
Mark Cavendish says Cycling Independent Reform Commission report into the ... - Daily Mail: Daily MailMark Cav... 
Result – Hanbury Road Race: Greig Burt of Beeston Cycling Club winner in the category 2/3/4 road race at Hanbu... 
Team News – Good weekend for NFTO: A win for Tom Barras and second for Sam Harrison makes it a good weekend of... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 2: CCC Sprandi Polkowice worked to maintain its grasp on the overall le... 
Mark Cavendish and Bradley Wiggins confirmed for Belgian races: Mark Cavendish to race Dwars door Vlaanderen o... 
Mario Zorzoli reinstated as UCI doctor and scientific advisor: Mario Zorzoli was implicated in the latest test... 
Valverde wins in Catalunya: Alejandro Valverde sprinted to his second victory of the season on stage two of th... 
Tour of Britain spectators to benefit from free WiFi: Gateshead company KBR signs a deal to provide WiFi to th... 
Mark Cavendish says ‘unreliable’ UCI doping report contains nothing new: • Cavendish: ‘it’s all the shit from ... 
Waregem and Harelbeke: A time to test for classics teams: Wednesday's Dwars door Vlaanderen and Friday's E3 Ha... 
Police search for driver who punched cyclist into oncoming traffic: A cyclist in his 50s was allegedly punched... 
Buyer’s Guide: High roller: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
If you want to make an impression, th... 
Cycling near misses: 'You need ceaseless vigilance if you want to stay alive' - The Guardian: The GuardianCycl... 
JLT-Condor and Raleigh-GAC belatedly receive Tour de Yorkshire invitations: All British UCI-ranked squads will... 
Technical FAQ: Wide gear ranges, mixing drivetrains, and more: Despite not being rated to do so, the Ultegra R... 
Etixx – Quick-Step launch their own beer: WorldTour team Etixx - Quick-Step have launched their very own beer ... 
NAHBS 2015:  North American Hand Made Bicycle Show: 2015 NAHBS brings great stuff from Sarto, Silca, Abbey too... 
Bradley Wiggins will not win Paris-Roubaix, says Allan Peiper: Bradley Wiggins will not win this year’s Paris-... 
Riis suspended by Tinkoff-Saxo: Bjarne Riis is suspended as manager of Tinkoff-Saxo, the cycling team of two-t... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: 

BrakeThrough Media rode with the peloton and documented the dramatic, 293k... 
Cavendish confirmed for London: British star Mark Cavendish will head the line-up at the Prudential RideLondon... 
Lance Armstrong may have left attempt to reduce ban too late, says WADA chief: Lance Armstrong's failure to te... 
Cavendish to contest RideLondon race: Mark Cavendish has been confirmed for the RideLondon-Surrey Classic race... 
Oleg Tinkov’s Dream Team Nightmare: 
Tinkoff-Saxo team manager Bjarne Riis has been suspended by Oleg Tinkov. ... 
Electric bikes set to put spring in your step in the Chilterns: CTC is giving cycling in the Chilterns a boost... 
Mark Cavendish confirmed for RideLondon-Surrey Classic: Etixx-Quick-Step rider Mark Cavendish will ride the Pr... 
Team News – Success in France for Madison Genesis: Madison Genesis opened the 2015 season in fine style as Tom... 
Next Weekend – James Atherton Road Race: This Sunday see’s the second running of the James Atherton Road Race,... 
Toolbox: Body Mass and Anaerobic Power: Watching the final crush of Milan San Remo is to view the crescendo of... 
London's best cycling gloves - Evening Standard: Evening StandardLondon's best cycling glovesEvening StandardA... 
Riis out at Tinkoff? Silence is deafening: Rumors are spreading that Tinkoff-Saxo team owner Oleg Tinkov (righ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road bikes: 

Whether you're just starting out or hoping to climb the ranks in you... 
Bjarne Riis suspended from Tinkoff-Saxo team?: No love was lost between Oleg Tinkov (right) and Bjarne Riis du... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Izoard (Briancon): The Col Collective tackles the Col d'Izoard from the Brian... 
Volta a Catalunya preview: Chris Froome and Alberto Contador renew rivalry - SkySports: SkySportsVolta a Catal... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 1: 

The breakaway gives the peloton the slip on day one of Volta a Cat... 
Five things we learned from Milan-San Remo: Back to its classic route and the Milan-San Remo certainly didn't ... 
Result – Fenwick Road Race: Gary Hand of SportGrub KUOTA Cycling Team and Kyle Johnston winners in the Fenwick... 
No more Meaux: Mo Bruno Roy retires from pro cyclocross: Mo Bruno Roy and Matt Roy were all smiles after Mo lo... 
WIGGINS team makes debut: Sir Bradley Wiggins’ newly formed team, WIGGINS, made their racing debut at the Tour... 
UCI dismantles team bikes after Milan-San Remo: was it looking for motors?: Bikes from teams including Trek, E... 
Results – Winter Warrior Race Series: Alice Barnes, Tim Benson &amp; Jack Pullar winners at the final round of the... 
Paterski wins as breakaway succeeds in Catalunya: A three-man breakaway stays away on the opening day of Volta... 
Maciej Paterski takes breakaway win in stage one at Volta a Catalunya: CCC Sprandi rider Maciej Paterski holds... 
Refuel with real food after cycling: Sometimes there’s no substitute for real food to repair and replenish aft... 
Video: GCN’s guide to selecting gearing for your bike: Global Cycling Network explains how to choose the right... 
Osymetric chainrings: do they work?: Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome both used non-round chainrings on their ... 
Porte moves on from stormy 2014, targets Giro d’Italia: Richie Porte rode to victory in Paris-Nice earlier thi... 
Kent van driver cleared of causing death of teenage cyclist - Cycling Weekly: Kent van driver cleared of causi... 
Kent van driver cleared of causing death of teenage cyclist: Philip Sinden was found not guilty of causing dea... 
Result – Bolsover and District 10: Daniel Barnett fastest by four seconds in the Bolsover and District 10 mile... 
Hoy backs Wiggins to lift GB: Sir Chris Hoy is confident Sir Bradley Wiggins will provide the inspiration Brit... 
Kreuziger blasts delays in his doping case: Roman Kreuziger is still awaiting a hearing regarding his biologic... 
Tour de France announces new green jersey sponsor: Car manufacturer Skoda replaces PMU as the points classific... 
Milan Sanremo 2015 – Roadside!: Milan Sanremo is the longest classic of the year but the kilometers can simply... 
Chris Froome and Alberto Contador renew rivalry in Catalunya as Rodriguez pulls out: A stomach virus means Joa... 
Report – Crits on Campus in Stirling: University of Stirling’s beautiful setting offered the perfect backdrop ... 
Richie Porte and Team Sky still top WorldTour rankings after Milan-San Remo: Richie Porte wins 2015 Paris-Nice... 
Volta a Catalunya Preview: 
After a mini-Tour de France and a mini-Giro in Paris-Nice and Tirreno-Adriatico, t... 
Blog – Jessie Walker: Just in from the Matrix Pro Cycling team is an article by talented young female rider Je... 
Results – SXC Round 1 Cathkin Braes: Kerry MacPhee and Robert Friel winners at round 1 of the Scottish XC seri... 
EuroTrash Sanremo Monday!: Mar 23, 2015 - Milan-Sanremo might be long, but it was no 'snoozefest' and we have ... 
Report &amp; Reactions – Milan San Remo: John Degenkolb in tears of joy as he wins the Italian Monument Milan San ... 
Nash and Cooper win U.S. Cup round two at Fontana: The Luna team took control of round two of the U.S. Cup, an... 
John Degenkolb wins the 2015 Milan-San Remo - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyJohn Degenkolb wins the 2015 Milan... 
For John Degenkolb to shine in Sanremo, other stars had to fade: Luca Paolini worked incessantly in hopes of b... 
Mark Cavendish undone by dropped chain in bid for glory at San Remo classic: British rider suffers setback on ... 
Milan-San Remo 2015 race highlights: 

Milan-San Remo 2015 race highlights

As has so often been the case, the... 
Volta a Catalunya short of big climbs, but not big names: Wary of cancellations forced by bad weather, organiz... 
Geraint Thomas hoping to continue form after heroic ride in Milan-San Remo: Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas impr... 
Germany’s John Degenkolb wins Milan-San Remo one-day classic: • Defending champion Alexander Kristoff came in ... 
Results – West Mids Youth Circuit Series: Charlie Cox and Gabriella Homer lead the way at the West Mids Youth ... 
Michal Kwiatkowski thanks his helmet after Poggio crash: World champion came down on the descent of the Poggio... 
Sanremo’15: Capo Degenkolb!: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) joined the greats on Sunday on the Via Roma taking... 
Result – SCCA Hilly 21 TT: Dave Griffiths leads a 1-2 for Paramount in the SCCA Hilly 21 mile time trial at Mo... 
Cavendish affected by illness: Mark Cavendish has admitted his recent illness was behind his subdued performan... 
Swift left frustrated after failing to finish-off strong Sky performance at Milan-San Remo: Team Sky rider Ben... 
Winglights: Lighting the path to a safer and more fun cycling world - Cambridge News: Cambridge NewsWinglights... 
Degenkolb wins Milan-San Remo: Germany’s John Degenkolb sprinted to the biggest win of his career in a compell... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Milan-Sanremo: 
John Degenkolb sprints on the Via Roma. He was the fastest in the... 
John Degenkolb wins the 2015 Milan-San Remo: German Giant-Alpecin rider sprints to victory ahead of Alexander ... 
Results: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: Results from the 106th running of “La Classicissima," Milano-Sanremo, the first ... 
Result – Tavistock Wheelers Time Trial: Junior Matt Langworthy of Mid Devon CC fastest in the Tavistock Wheele... 
Peter Sagan rides a fat bike through the Specialized Italia office: 

Peter Sagan rides a fat bike through the... 
UCI expect new weather protocols to be in place by Giro d’Italia start: Representatives from a number of group... 
Yorkshire Road Club 10 : Henry King of Ilkley CC fastest in the Yorkshire Road Club 10 time trial on the V810 ... 
Result – Manchester and Dist TTA 10: Dan Evans fastest in the Manchester and Dist TTA 10 mile time trial on th... 
Man breaks World Record for cycling up steps in Taipei 101 tower: Watch a Polish cyclist break his own World R... 
Scotland’s extra 500 miles of cycleways: Five-year project will see 500 extra miles of cycleways created in Sc... 
Result – First Division Manchester Track League: Latest results from the First Division of the Manchester Regi... 
Christoph Strasser sets new 24-hour cycling record of 556 miles (896km) - road.cc: Christoph Strasser sets new... 
Cycling the scenic route along Sankey Valley - St Helens Star: St Helens StarCycling the scenic route along Sa... 
Results – Women’s Team Series 1: Elizabeth Jane Harris winner of the first round in the long running Women’s T... 
Mark Cavendish aiming for glory in San Remo classic after fine form this season: British cyclist is in bullish... 
Peter Sagan’s Milan-San Remo S-Works Venge custom team bike: Specialized presents Tinkoff-Saxo's Peter Sagan w... 
Iljo Keisse leads Etixx-Quick-Step sweep at Ronde van Zeeland Seaports: Iljo Keisse led an Etixx-Quick-Step sw... 
The 20 photographs of the week: Cyclone Pam hits Vanuatu, the dramatic election in Israel, the attack on the B... 
easyJet apologises to Redhill Cycling Club after bikes not loaded onto flight - Get Surrey: Get SurreyeasyJet ... 
Alexis Gougeard wins Classic Loire Atlantique: Alexis Gougeard won the Classic Loire Atlantique with a late es... 
The Agenda: Mark Cavendish hopes for dream finish in Milan-San Remo race: Cavendish can fulfil a boyhood dream... 
Cavendish coy on Milan-San Remo: Britain's Mark Cavendish is coy over his chances of winning a second Milan-Sa... 
Results – Dolan Races Week 2: Conor Davies &amp; Savannah Morgan two of the winners at week 2 of the Dolan Bikes C... 
Sanremo Reload: A Classic Beauty: In 2015 the Milan-San Remo Classic will go back to its traditions to set up ... 
Results – Gifford Road Races 2015: Matthew Kipling, Rebecca Nixon &amp; Gavin Dempster winners at the Gifford Road... 
Mole Valley council aims to boost 'considerate' cycling - BBC News: BBC NewsMole Valley council aims to boost ... 
Commons to debate stricter sentences for dangerous drivers: Petition following the death of two cyclists by a ... 
News – 56th Wally Gimber Trophy: Team Raleigh headline the entry for the 56th Wally Gimber Trophy road race on... 
Quintana, Contador, Porte and Armstrong star in crazy fortnight that changed ... - Yahoo Eurosport UK (blog): ... 
For the Love of Cycling - Huffington Post UK: Derby TelegraphFor the Love of CyclingHuffington Post UKWhether ... 
Fabian Cancellara's 2015 Trek Domane: 

Fabian Cancellara's 2015 Trek Domane

Fabian Cancellara walks us throu... 
Video: Full recap of U.S. Cup round one in Bonelli Park: Watch racing action from last weekend's first round o... 
Meersman wins Handzame Classic: Gianni Meersman (Etixx-QuickStep) came out on top in the Handzame Classic, cap... 
Ten times bad weather made bike races even more epic: There's nothing more epic than a long, hard fought bike ... 
Sport picture of the day: Mountain rush: Fantastic light and scenery as the peloton ride along a bush trail du... 
Video: Fat bike carnage in Felt’s ‘Double Dare’: Felt tests the limits of its fat bike in "Double Dare."
Felt ... 
Vuelta a Espana wildcards announced: MTN-Qhubeka, Caja Rural-Seguro, Europcar, Cofidis and Team Colombia all r... 
Milan-Sanremo Preview: 
The first Monument of the year and the last chance for the sprinters to win before mor... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Full-suspension XC mountain bikes: 

Ready to tie on a number plate this summer? Here are ... 
Tweets of the Week: Chris Froome, Jens Voigt, Ian Bibby and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this week fro... 
Swift ready for Milan-San Remo: Ben Swift says he has the know-how, team and condition to challenge for victor... 
LeMond predicts sprint finish at Milan-San Remo 2015: Greg LeMond believes the crucial Poggio climb will settl... 
Spring classics: 'Hell on wheels': British Classics specialist Geraint Thomas takes us through the mud and cob... 
Lezyne launches world’s smallest cycling GPS unit: Lezyne has launched a range of three cycling GPS computers,... 
Van Garderen, BMC disappointed after Paris-Nice blunder: Tejay van Garderen said he didn't dress properly for ... 
inCycle: Alexander Kristoff on how he won the 2014 edition of Milan-San Remo: 

inCycle: Alexander Kristoff on... 
Eat To Compete: Risotto Milanese-San Remo: Though Milan may be known primarily for its fashion, its cathedral ... 
Mark Cavendish’s guide to Milan-San Remo: "It builds like an opera, faster and faster, more tense and more ten... 
incycle: Mark Cavendish on Milan-San Remo, the Tour de France and his appetite for success: 

incycle: Mark Ca... 
Simon Gerrans delays return from fractured elbow until April: In his first race of the season, Strade Bianche,... 
Top British businesses urge politicians to prioritise cycling: Companies such as Sky, GlaxoSmithKline and The ... 
Cookson: Drug fight continues: World cycling chief Brian Cookson has told Sky Sports News HQ that massive prog... 
Thomas Dekker announces retirement from cycling: 30-year-old Dutchman Thomas Dekker closes cycling career afte... 
Delayed velodrome opens to public: Derby's velodrome - one of only five in the UK - has opened for business, t... 
Cambridge campaign group on the hunt for £2000 to fund cycling research trip ... - Cambridge News: Cambridge N... 
Seeking San Remo: The Duel To Via Roma: PEZ's Nick O’Brien was live and in-color at the 96th la Primavera in 2... 
Ronde Van Zeeland Seaports start list: You can read more at 
UK businesses lobby for better cycling infrastructure - Financial Times: Financial TimesUK businesses lobby fo... 
Handzame Classic start list: You can read more at 
10 ways to win Milan-San Remo: Like grunge music and beat poetry, Milan-San Remo is seemingly easy to ride but... 
Velo Magazine — April 2015: The April 2015 issue of Velo magazine is now available.
This issue of Velo takes a... 
Build safer cycle routes to boost health, say big firms: A coalition of major businesses, including pharmaceut... 
Chad Haga Journal: Welcome to the WorldTour: The highlight of Chad Haga's Tirreno-Adriatico was his stage 3 br... 
Chris Froome returns from illness to lead Team Sky at Volta a Catalunya: Chris Froome will be joined by Paris-... 
Nizzolo claims sprint win at GP Nobili: Giacomo Nizzolo (Trek Factory Racing) celebrated his first win of 2015... 
Oleg Tinkov demanding better results from Riis and Tinkoff squad: Tinkoff-Saxo have just two wins so far in 20... 
VIDEO: No regrets over Armstrong - Thomas: Former England midfielder Geoff Thomas has told the BBC he does not... 
How to climb and descend like a Team Sky pro: Team Sky rider Ben Swift, who will be hunting victory at Milan-S... 
Bardiani-CSF leads Italian cycling into a new era: Bardiani-CSF is a departure from the Italian super-teams of... 
Litelok: The super secure bike lock that weighs less than 1kg: Litelok, the brainchild of Professor Neil Barro... 
In the News: SRAM single-ring road drivetrain coming soon?: The Specialized Venge Lunch Race is designed aroun... 
Milan-San Remo 2015 start list: The peloton in the 2014 Milan-San RemoThe provisional list of starters for the... 
Results – Milton Keynes Bowl Crits: Mathilde Pauls &amp; Aaron McCaffrey two of the winners at the Milton Keynes B... 
SiS announced as Team Wiggins nutrition provider: Science in Sport (SiS) will provide Team Wiggins staff and r... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Milano-Sanremo: 

Global Cycling Network breaks down the list of favorites at thi... 
News – Kingsbury Cup Track Meeting Off: British Cycling refuse to sanction events at Reading’s Palmer Park vel... 
Surrey Hills Cyclone- Cycling Weekly Sportive Series: The second event in the Cycling Weekly Sportive Series, ... 
Last Chance for The Sprinters: 
Sunday’s Milan-Sanremo will use the Cipressa and Poggio climbs. Once a novelty... 
PEZ Roadside At Tirreno-Adriatico: Our man in Italy, Alessandro Federico, is addicted to chasing bike races, h... 
Police add insult to injury in Mason case: Insensitivity follows further injustice, the Metropolitan Police no... 
Birmingham cycling improvements will lead to congestion, warns councillor: Birmingham's opposition leader, Cll... 
Blog – Billy Oliver’s Puzzle: Billy Oliver learning important lessons in his quest to be as fast as he can pos... 
How Milan-San Remo was won: Cycling Weekly casts an eye over the past 14 editions of the race to see how it pa... 
Start Sheet – Betty Pharoah Memorial Road Races: Steele von Hoff &amp; Yanto Baker head the line up for the Betty ... 
Faster than Lance: Richie Porte smashes Madone record again: Richie Porte reveals just how fast he can go up t... 
Result – CC London 19: Justin Garon &amp; Jason Gurney fastest two up and Trevor Burke fastets solo in the CC Lond... 
EuroTrash Nairo Thursday!: Mar 19, 2015 - Nairo Quintana is the 1st Colombian to win Tirreno and he's put hims... 
A look at London\'s new cycling superhighways - Click Green: Click GreenA look at London\'s new cycling superh... 
Lance Armstrong talks with Usada chief Travis Tygart hailed as a positive step: Lance Armstrong has met with t... 
USA Cycling announces 2015 professional road nationals courses: Like in the past two editions of pro road nati... 
Lance Armstrong’s Usada meeting good news, says ex-team-mate Vaughters: • Jonathan Vaughters now chief executi... 
David Millar: UCI has ‘no true idea’ about doping in today’s peloton: Millar has called on the UCI to follow-u... 
Scott Thwaites third in Nokere Koerse in Belgium: Brit Scott Thwaites places third behind Kris Boeckmans and J... 
In the News: Nys says all TUEs should be banned: Former world cyclocross champion Sven Nys spoke out against t... 
Gallery: Titanium creations from Moonmen Bikes: 

A new, small titanium builder on the handbuilt scene, Moonme... 
Results – Premier Manchester Regional Track League: Results from the Premier Division of the Manchester Region... 
CYCLING: Hat-trick of wins makes for good weekend for Mid-Devon Cycling Club - Torquay Herald Express: Torquay... 
Milan-San Remo 2015 preview: An in-depth look ahead to the 2015 edition of Milan-San Remo (Sunday, March 22): ... 
Cavendish uncertain ahead of Sanremo: Mark Cavendish is hoping to win a second Milano-Sanremo this weekend, bu... 
Preview – Top Line up for 2015 Totnes Vire: Top teams entered for the 2015 Totnes Vire two day stage race in D... 
“I’ve won what?!” Weirdest cycle race podium prizes: Win a bike race and you might not get any old trophy for ... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, organic bikes: 

Wood you like to see some different kinds of bikes? These builders showe... 
VIDEO: Ride around Derby's £28m velodrome: Take a sneaky pre-launch, super-quick ride around Derby's sleek new... 
Alex Dowsett named in Movistar squad for Milan-San Remo: Having recovered from his broken collarbone, Alex Dow... 
Video: How to build endurance with limited training time: 

If you're short on time, but need to prepare for a... 
Feature – 2015 Tour of Britain Route: Talking to team manager John Herety and ‘route master’ for the Friends L... 
Rapha launches new Aerosuit and Aero Jersey: New for spring/summer 2015 Rapha has launched its new Aero range ... 
Inquest hears how cyclist died after trying to beat lorry across junction: A coroner records a verdict of deat... 
News – Simon Yates to ride Milan San Remo: North West rider Simon Yates named in Orica GreenEdge team for Mila... 
Coppi, Coffee, The Past and The Present: 
As races go Milan-Sanremo has created many legends and myths. Eugène... 
Colombian climber Quintana is king at Tirreno-Adriatico: The Colombian showcases his fighting spirit by winnin... 
ITV mistake Sir Chris Hoy for Back to the Future star: While doing the rounds to promote Go Sky Ride 2015, Sir... 
80 years of 30 mph – time for a change: As the 30 mph speed limit celebrates its 80th birthday, CTC Campaigns ... 
JLT-Condor and Raleigh-GAC “disappointed” with Tour de Yorkshire snub: Non-selection of two British teams the ... 
Bradley Wiggins to race inaugural Tour de Yorkshire in May: • New Team Wiggins to have early outing• Sarah Sto... 
Wiggins confirmed for Yorkshire: Sir Bradley Wiggins and Marcel Kittel will be among the big names in action a... 
Kittel &amp; Storey in Yorkshire line-up: German sprinter Marcel Kittel and Dame Sarah Storey will join Sir Bradle... 
Calls for Cambridge cyclists to be registered, insured and pass national ... - Cambridge News: Cambridge NewsC... 
News – Teams for the Tour of Yorkshire Revealed: Bradley Wiggins and Marcel Kittel said to be racing the first... 
Steve Cummings enjoying new lease of life at MTN-Qhubeka: With a sixth-place finish in the general classificat... 
Milan-San Remo 2015: Top 10 riders to watch: 

Milan-San Remo 2015: Top 10 riders to watch

Milan-San Remo is ... 
Lee’s Lowdown: The Beauty Of Spring!: With all the action in Tirreno and Nice, Lee is full of the joys of spri... 
Tour of Britain announces 2015 route: Dylan van Baarle (Cannondale-Garmin) won the 2014 edition of the Tour of... 
Tour of Britain targets Sir Bradley Wiggins: At just over 900 miles, it will be the longest contemporary editi... 
Cycling's Tour of Britain 2015 starts in Anglesey - WalesOnline: WalesOnlineCycling's Tour of Britain 2015 sta... 
2015 Tirreno-Adriatico stage 7 time trial highlights: 

2015 Tirreno-Adriatico stage 7 time trial highlights

... 
Tour of Britain route unveiled: Wales will host the start of the Friends Life Tour of Britain for the first ti... 
Anglesey to host Tour of Britain: The Tour of Britain 2015 will start on Anglesey, Wales in September with the... 
Technical FAQ: Shimano 11-speed front derailleur cable setup: Cross-chaining big-to-big with a FD-5800 (11-spe... 
Tour of Britain 2015 route: stage by stage: Details of all of the Tour of Britain's eight stages for 2015, inc... 
Tour of Britain can be launchpad for riders with eyes on world prize: • Four of world road race medallists las... 
Feature – Tour of Britain 2015: Details for the spectacular route for the 2015 Tour of Britain were released a... 
Nokere Koerse start list: You can read more at 
Cancellara’s spiritual moment key with Sanremo and classics looming: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) h... 
Movistar’s Nairo Quintana holds on to complete Tirreno-Adriatico triumph: • Colombian wins with Bauke Mollema ... 
UCI approve mixed cycling trial: Cycling's world governing body will trial mixed male and female team sprints ... 
Colombia rises up the WorldTour ranking: Nairo Quintana and Rigoberto Uran's Tirreno-Adriatico success propels... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Tirreno-Adriatico: 
Nairo Quintana rides solo on the way to the Monte Terminillo,... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo on Milano-Sanremo: LottoNL-Jumbo talks about what makes Milano-Sanremo so difficult.
Lott... 
Quintana seals Tirreno title: Nairo Quintana completed overall victory of Tirreno-Adriatico as Fabian Cancella... 
Nairo Quintana wins 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico: Nairo Quintana becomes first Colombian to win Tirreno-Adriatico; F... 
Quintana wins Tirreno-Adriatico: Nairo Quintana of Colombia wins Italy's Tirreno-Adriatico after Switzerland's... 
Cancellara gets revenge in final Tirreno TT, Quintana confirms GC: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) won... 
UCI to trial mixed track events: The UCI will trial mixed-gender track races later this week in Switzerland, t... 
Giro boss confident Astana case will be settled before May: Mauro Vegni, the Giro d'Italia race director, says... 
Lance Armstrong's charity ride is bad idea, says cycling boss - video: The head of world cycling's governing b... 
Cycling group for Dorset diabetics set for first session - Cycling Weekly: Blackmore Vale MagazineCycling grou... 
Powertap launches pedal- and chainring-based power measurement: The P1 pedals measure power using vector force... 
1st Chard Wheelers’ Annual Spring Circuits: Nearly 270 riders braved cold and windy conditions as winter made ... 
Cycling to trial mixed men and women track events: • Tests are to take place in Switzerland this week• Mixed e... 
Milan-Sanremo Preview: La Primavera!: Spring must be here in Europe, at last, as the first big Classic of the ... 
Cookson fury at Armstrong Tour plan: Cycling boss Brian Cookson says Lance Armstrong's plan to join a charity ... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, display stands: 

Companies and shops used a variety of methods to showcase their bikes a... 
L’Etape London sportive details revealed: The L'Etape London sportive, taking in much of stage three of the 20... 
Why are lorries responsible for so many cyclist deaths?: More than half of cyclist fatalities in London involv... 
Servais Knaven’s Murky Past: 
Two weekends in a row British newspaper The Mail on Sunday (here and here) has d... 
Cookson labels Lance Armstrong’s Tour de France ride ‘completely inappropriate’: Brian Cookson tells the Sport... 
Does the Driving Test need to change?: Over eight decades the Driving Test has undergone many changes but, as ... 
Lance Armstrong branded ‘completely disrespectful’ over plans for charity ride: • UCI head admits he has no au... 
News – Finally, Sagan Gets the Win: After a string of second places, Peter Sagan powered his way to the top st... 
Arnold Schwarzenegger busted by Melbourne police for not wearing helmet: While on a trip Down Under, Arnold Sc... 
Milan-San Remo 2015: Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) on his memories of the race -Cyclingnews.com: 

Milan-San Re... 
Product News – New from Quest: The frame is a full carbon model with full carbon tapered steerer forks and sea... 
Report &amp; Results – Modbury Spring Road Races: Andrew Parker &amp; Natalie Grinczer winners at the Modbury Spring R... 
Liverpool city centre streets to close for return of Sky Ride cycling event - Liverpool Echo: Liverpool EchoLi... 
Toolbox: Oatmeal – The Endurance Weapon: A popular food among cyclists and athletes, oatmeal is likely to be f... 
Uran realistic about Tirreno TT, enthusiastic about Giro’s: Rigoberto Uran (Etixx-Quick-Step) lost some time o... 
After Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 victory, is Sagan under pressure to win more?: Peter Sagan (left) charged to t... 
2015 Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 highlights: 

2015 Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 highlights

Icy cold rain batters ... 
Maloja Pushbikers seal Revolution Series title; Rhys Britton and Eleanor Dickinson hold out in Future Stars: C... 
Sagan wins Tirreno-Adriatico sprint: Slovakia's Peter Sagan wins a sprint finish in a rain-hit penultimate sta... 
Newcastle stallholder's novel way of tackling the city's rogue cyclists - ChronicleLive: ChronicleLiveNewcastl... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 6: 

Scenes from the rain-soaked Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 from Rieti t... 
Lance Armstrong’s Tour de France charity ride draws criticism from team managers: Several professional cycling... 
Sagan off the mark at last: Peter Sagan sprinted to his first victory for Tinkoff-Saxo on stage six of Tirreno... 
Stevenage ‘Start of Summertime’ rides to return for 21st year: As the clocks go forward, hit the roads of Hert... 
Five things we learned from Paris-Nice: Richie Porte took the overall win for Team Sky, while Michal Kwiatkows... 
Peter Sagan sprints to his first win of 2015 in Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6: With Milano-Sanremo around the corn... 
CTC Cyclecover travel insurance winner: Every year, many CTC members buy travel insurance through Cyclecover. ... 
Gustav Larsson on failed Hour attempt: My legs weren’t up to it (video): Gustav Larsson falls well short of a ... 
Rapha to open outlet store in Somerset: Cycling brand Rapha will open an archive store in Kilver Court Designe... 
Result – Fenland Clarion Spring Road Race: Win for Edmund Bradbury (NFTO) in the Fenland Clarion Spring Road R... 
Reijnen is king of the mountain at Tour de Langkawi: Kiel Reijnen won the king of the mountains classification... 
Campaigners seek better cycle provisions on dangerous Streatham road: A23 in Streatham, London, should have tr... 
New Disability Cycling Hub to be set up in York - British Cycling: British CyclingNew Disability Cycling Hub t... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Passo Gavia: 

The Col Collective takes us up the Passo Gavia from Bornio, wh... 
Fabian Cancellara leads calls for change after Tirreno blizzard: Trek Factory Racing's Fabian Cancellara takes... 
Top Ride: The Dirty Devil!: On an early March day this year Robert Panzera headed out into the spectacular cou... 
Securing Scotland’s Commonwealth Games Legacy with Aberdeenshire Cycle Stand launch: The lasting legacy of the... 
Lance Armstrong returns to the Tour de France route for charity ride: Geoff Thomas will ride the route of the ... 
11-hour cycling film marathon in Manchester: Winter Cine Velo Fest 2015 takes place at the Miners Community an... 
Result – Corrieri Classic 10: Peter Murdoch two seconds faster than Silas Goldsworthy to win the Corrieri Clas... 
Ten data-driven sporting victories - part two: Over the past 20 years, data analysis has become one of the pri... 
EuroTrash Porte Monday!: Mar 16, 2015 - Nice win for Richie Porte in Nice and Nairo Quintana leads in a snowy ... 
Paris-Nice – Porte Storms to Victory: Australian Richie Porte stormed up the Col d’Eze to win the final stage ... 
Report – Mid Shropshire Wheelers Circuit Races 1: Elliot Jones, Maisie Duckworth, and Brian Alldis among the m... 
Report &amp; Results – Saighton Road Race: Stephen Fidler of Dave Hinde RT shows impressive leg speed to win the 2... 
Cycling - Richie Porte storms to title after time trial victory - Yahoo Eurosport UK: Cycling WeeklyCycling - ... 
With poor form and a troubled team, Vincenzo Nibali is neither saying nor doing much: Vincenzo Nibali doesn't ... 
In the News: Guess who’s coming back to the Tour (kind of)?: Lance Armstrong reportedly has agreed to join por... 
The Moment The Race Was Won: Paris-Nice: 
Richie Porte rides up the Col d’Eze. If he’d distanced his rivals on... 
A winning return to European competition for Nairo Quintana: "Miracles exist," says Columbian as he bounces ba... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 5: Nairo Quintana didn't beat the snow home, but he beat everyone else.... 
Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 5 Highlights - 

Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 5 Highligh... 
Gruelling climb puts Yates up with the best: The young British rider held his own against world class oppositi... 
Cambridge residents' association opposes plans for two-way cycling on local ... - road.cc: Cambridge residents... 
Porte: Second title sweeter: Team Sky’s Richie Porte admitted winning two stages and bouncing back from a cras... 
First Result – Angela Davies Memorial RR: Richard Handley wins the Angela Davies Memorial Road Race in Aberyst... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 7: Richie Porte was on a mission to retake lost time, and he succeeded. Photo:... 
Nairo Quintana lays early season marker with Tirreno-Adriatico stage win: The Colombian attacked on the summit... 
Sport picture of the day: sizing up the opposition: The Australian cyclist Richie Porte wins the Paris-Nice ra... 
Nairo Quintana climbs through snow to lead Tirreno-Adriatico: Nairo Quintana is the new leader of Tirreno-Adri... 
Quintana takes Tirreno lead: Nairo Quintana produced a peerless climbing display through heavy snow to win sta... 
Porte claims second Paris-Nice title: Australia Richie Porte overhauls a 36-second deficit on the final day to... 
Richie Porte wins final ITT to take Paris-Nice title: Richie Porte en route to winning the final stage and the... 
Richie Porte wins final stage time trial to take Paris-Nice overall: Australian time trial champion clocked th... 
Porte wins Paris-Nice title: Team Sky’s Richie Porte claimed overall victory of Paris-Nice for the second time... 
inCycle: Peter Sagan: 

inCycle: Peter Sagan

Cyclingnews is the world's leading cycling website, bringing you... 
Result – Altrincham Ravens 25: Four 55 minute rides in the Altrincham Ravens 25 mile time trial won by Mark Tu... 
Pez Bookshelf: Book du Tour: The Official 2015 Richmond World Championship artist, Greig Leach, recorded last ... 
Paris-Nice Stage 7 Preview: 
The opening stages rhymed with siesta only for the race to hit the TV jackpot yes... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6: 

Photo: Tim De Waele | 
The post Gallery: 2015 Paris-... 
Lance Armstrong offered deal to reduce ban: Exclusive: Chief executive of Usada, Travis Tygart, is open to mee... 
Team Sky's Wout Poels takes charge in cycling's Tirreno-Adriatico - The Guardian: The GuardianTeam Sky's Wout ... 
Battle of the grand-tour stars slated Sunday on Terminillo: Alberto Contador may be the man to watch as Tirren... 
Wout Poels’ win confirms Sky no longer a one-trick pony: Wouter Poels is only the latest Sky rider to be spray... 
Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 4 Highlights - 

Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 4 Highligh... 
Team Sky’s Richie Porte poised for title charge in Paris-Nice: • Australian Porte ready for time trial ascent ... 
Sky's Poels leads Tirreno-Adriatico: Dutchman Wout Poels of Team Sky takes the overall lead in Italy's Tirreno... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6: Results from stage 6 of the 2015 Paris-Nice
The post Results: 2015 Paris-Ni... 
Team Sky’s Wout Poels takes charge in cycling’s Tirreno-Adriatico: • Dutch rider Wout Poels leads Italian race... 
Gallery: 2014 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 4: Wouter Poels heads for the finish line. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Team Sky making me a better rider, says Wout Poels: New recruit impressive in role of team leader at Tirreno-A... 
Gallopin takes lead in Paris-Nice: Frenchman Tony Gallopin wins stage six of the Paris-Nice to take the overal... 
Gallopin wins Paris-Nice epic: France’s Tony Gallopin took the overall lead of Paris-Nice after winning solo o... 
The Agenda: Qatar update, cycling declaration and Masters warm-up: There’s World Cup politics, Tour of Britain... 
Tony Gallopin leads Paris-Nice after stage-6 victory: Tony Gallopin takes stage 6 and the overall lead with on... 
Tirreno-Adriatico missing Chris Froome, say Contador and Nibali: After Sky rider was forced to withdraw from r... 
Wouter Poels takes stage 4, overall lead at 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico: Wouter Poels took stage 4 and the overall ... 
Results – VeloPark Thursday Track League: Provisional results from the Velopark Womens’ and C Group track leag... 
Revolution Series 2014/15, round six: live: Follow John MacLeary's commentary from round six of the Revolution... 
Youcef Reguigui takes lead at 2015 Tour de Langkawi: Youcef Reguigui roars to the stage win and the overall le... 
Tyler Farrar on the Spring Classics and the Qhubeka Foundation: 

Tyler Farrar on the Spring Classics and the ... 
PEZ Talk: Mads Pedersen: Rider Interview: Always one with an eye on young talent, Ed Hood has hit the ranks of... 
News – Danum Trophy Road Race: The legacy of the Tour De France in Yorkshire continues this month in Doncaster... 
Paris-Nice Stage 6 Preview: 
Look closely at the image above and Richie Porte’s marking Michał Kwiatkowski. Wi... 
Cycling safely - Scotsman: Cycling safelyScotsmanWill Road Share, so keen to make motorists strictly liable fo... 
Marcel Kittel fighting for fitness after energy-sapping virus: German sprinter early-season preparations disru... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 3: There was some bumping and jostling for position coming into the fin... 
Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 5: Thomas De Gendt kept the pace high. shedding the other riders in the break one b... 
Equinox to 'revolutionise' fitness sector with real-time data driven ... - The Drum: The DrumEquinox to 'revol... 
Natnael Berhane in driver’s seat for GC result at Tour de Langkawi: With only sprinter Caleb Ewan ahead of him... 
Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 3 Highlights: 

Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 3 Highlights

BMC's Greg Van Averm... 
Cimolai wins Paris-Nice fifth stage: Davide Cimolai of Italy beats France's Bryan Coquard in a sprint finish t... 
Van Avermaet’s Tirreno timing just right with classics ahead: Greg Van Avermaet outmatched other familiar clas... 
Team Sky duo remain in contention after fifth stage of Paris-Nice: • Porte and Thomas still one second behind ... 
Paris -Nice Stage 3 – Davide Cimolai: Davide Cimolai wins stage 3 of Paris Nice while Michal Kwiatkowski holds... 
Yorkshire Bank announced as Tour de Yorkshire sponsor: The three day Tour de Yorkshire kicks off on May 1 in B... 
A bloodied chin not enough to dent Adam Yates’ Tirreno-Adriatico chances: Orica-GreenEdge's leader at Tirreno-... 
UCI pledges to beat doping trends: Cycling is to relaunch a whistle-blowing policy among a range of proposals ... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 5: 1. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – MERIDA, in 4:12:09 2. Bryan COQUARD, TEAM EUROP... 
Van Avermaet takes Tirreno lead: Belgium’s Greg van Avermaet claimed the overall lead of Tirreno-Adriatico by ... 
Greg van Avermaet takes overall lead at Tirreno with stage three win: BMC's Greg van Avermaet pips Peter Sagan... 
Cimolai takes Paris-Nice stage 5 after De Gendt caught inside final kilometer: Davide Cimolai narrowly wins ah... 
No More Mechanics On The Move: 
A short piece but one to mark a change in the sport. The UCI are clamping down... 
UCI announces tougher anti-doping measures in cycling: • Governing body reacts to damning CIRC report • Night-... 
New UCI anti-doping measures: The International Cycling Union (UCI) has announced new anti-doping measures in ... 
Could this sticker revolutionise the way we analyse cyclists? - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyCould this stick... 
Tweets of the Week: David Millar, Chris Froome, Adam Hansen and more: Ten tweets that caught our eye this week... 
Police U-turn on prosecution in Michael Mason case: Under pressure from Michael Mason's family's campaign for ... 
UCI announces anti-doping measures in response to CIRC: UCI president Brian Cookson says the CIRC report makes... 
Interview – Tom Stewart: One of the stars of 2014 was Madison Genesis’s Tom Stewart with two Pearl Izumi Tour ... 
Victims and campaigners invited to justice manifesto launch: In the week when the Prime Minister expressed his... 
Ewan grabs Langkawi stage 6 win, extends GC lead: Caleb Ewan holds a 27-second lead in the GC standings at the... 
Preview – Angela Davies Memorial RR: Tour of Britain professionals from Madison Genesis and JLT Condor gear up... 
Could this sticker revolutionise the way we analyse cyclists?: With Sir David Brailsford looking towards techn... 
Wiggle ready to move entire warehouse from Portsmouth to the Midlands: Online retailer Wiggle is set to move i... 
InCycle video: Kittel on his development into a world-class sprinter: 

InCycle video: Kittel on his developme... 
New 20mph speed limit for London roads in bid to save lives: Several roads across London have been given 20mph... 
The most depressing part of the CIRC cycling report is also the most ignored: The report’s conclusion that wom... 
Gold medallist Ross Murdoch unveils Legacy cycle stand at Balfron High School: The lasting legacy of the Commo... 
Cape Epic: the toughest bike race in the world?: South Africa's eight-day Cape Epic mountain bike 'marathon' h... 
Armitstead aims to lose bridesmaid tag: Britain's Lizzie Armitstead says the road world title is her main aim ... 
Tirreno Adriatico Stage 4 Preview: The best GC riders in the world will be hitting the picturesque and very hi... 
Telegraph Cycling Podcast: Sir Bradley Wiggins to ride Tour de Yorkshire: Sir Bradley Wiggins tells The Telegr... 
Paris-Nice Stage 5 Preview: 
Sprint or breakaway? Today’s stage is a scenic ride and a gourmet’s delight with ... 
Getting better at the cycling malarkey - Derry Journal: Derry JournalGetting better at the cycling malarkeyDer... 
Sprinter breaks collarbone after fan appears to knock handlebar (video): Loren Rowney sustained injury as she ... 
VIDEO: Armitstead on 'successful' start: Lizzie Armitstead is optimistic ahead of this year's Road World Cup t... 
Analysis: Is Geraint Thomas coming of age at Paris-Nice?: Paris-Nice could prove to be the making of Geraint T... 
Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 2 highlights: 

Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 2 highlights

The second stage of ... 
Video: GCN’s top-10 beards in pro cycling: Global Cycling Network picks its 10 favorite beards in the pro pelo... 
Tirreno-Adriatico – Debusschere wins stage 2: Chain mishap causes crash as Cavendish pulls foot and Viviani cr... 
Soldier diagnosed with Alzheimers at age 39 to undertake 16000km cycling ... - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyS... 
Rowney taken out by spectator in Drenthe finish: Velocio-SRAM's Loren Rowney suffers a crash at the finish aft... 
inCycle: Phil Caval: 

inCycle: Phil Caval

Cyclingnews is the world's leading cycling website, bringing you t... 
Porte in 'good position': Richie Porte says he is in a “good position” at Paris-Nice despite narrowly missing ... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4: 

Sky goes one-two in Paris-Nice's first climbing stage, and Kwiatkowski re... 
Debusschere wins second stage: Belgium's Jens Debusschere sprints to victory on the second stage of the Tirren... 
Behind the lens at Paris-Nice: stage four – Sky emerge victorious: Cycling Active's Luke Evans gives us the in... 
Wiggins set for Yorkshire race: Sir Bradley Wiggins has confirmed his intention to ride in the inaugural Tour ... 
Richie Porte and Geraint Thomas ensure Sky one-two in Paris-Nice: • Pair profit as race hits hill country• Mic... 
CTC Cymru's AGM date announced: Find out what CTC has been up to in Wales over the last year and what its plan... 
Porte clinches Paris-Nice stage win: Australian Richie Porte wins stage four of the Paris-Nice just ahead of f... 
Debusschere wins Tirreno-Adriatico stage two as Cavendish caught up in crash: Mark Cavendish suffers a mechani... 
Sponsor The Inner Ring: 
There’s a blank space for one advert on this website. It could be your chance to reac... 
Brailsford embraces technology: Cycling must emulate F1’s use of data in order to improve the performance of r... 
No.22 launch new superlight Reactor titanium bike: Titanium superbike sure to draw in the weight weenies in th... 
Ask a Mechanic: Setting up Shimano direct mount brakes: 

Art's Cyclery demonstrates how to set up and adjust ... 
Calling all bike recycling centres: CTC’s Big Bike Revival gets £1 million green light from government: Today,... 
Wiggins to ride Tour de Yorkshire: Sir Bradley Wiggins confirms his intention to ride in the inaugural Tour de... 
Soldier diagnosed with Alzheimers at age 39 to undertake 16,000km cycling challenge: Chris Graham served in th... 
Sir Bradley Wiggins to take part in inaugural Tour de Yorkshire: • Race takes place from 1-3 May• Will race fo... 
News – Hour Record Attempt by Larsson: This Saturday March 14th, CULT Energy Pro Cycling’s Gustav Larsson will... 
Top Ride: The Rik van Steenbergen Classic: Our literary editor, Leslie Reissner, doesn't just read books, he a... 
Chris Froome says he would welcome 24-hour drug testing in cycling - The Guardian: RTE.ieChris Froome says he ... 
Chris Froome on Lloyd Mondory’s EPO positive: ‘What an idiot’: Chris Froome on the podium after Stage 4 of the... 
Startsheet – Roy Thame Cup RR: The Hemel Hempstead double header of the Roy Thame Cup and Spring Chicken Road ... 
Geraint Thomas: I’d bet all the money I have that Froome and Wiggins are clean: Geraint Thomas wins Stage 2 of... 
Startsheet – Peter Young Memorial RR: Full field of 80 entered for the Hounslow and District Wheelers Peter Yo... 
New WorldTour part of a shake-up of women’s road racing: New WorldTour and two division for teams are set to p... 
EuroTrash Tirreno Thursday!: Mar 12, 2015 - All the news from the start of Tirreno and the on-going Paris-Nice... 
New Sponsor for Sweetspot Events: Hotel chain announced as an official partner of the Friends Life Tour of Bri... 
Paris-Nice Stage 4 Preview: 
It’s all change with a summit finish to reshape the GC. A series of climbs will s... 
Anger, frustration permeates peloton in wake of CIRC report: Riders in the pro peloton see the findings of UCI... 
Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 1 Highlights: 

Tirreno-Adriatico 2015: Stage 1 Highlights

Adriano Malori (Movi... 
Malori not quite king, but wants to take the crown: Adriano Malori (Movistar)  wants to become the next king o... 
Nicole Cooke: CIRC report is admirable but authorities must do more on drugs: The Beijing Olympic champion bel... 
Matt Goss on MTN-Qhubeka sprint train at Tirreno-Adriatico: 

Matt Goss on MTN-Qhubeka sprint train at Tirreno... 
Debris takes 10 miles off time trial: Steven Cummins was the best Briton in a time-trial reduced by 10 miles a... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 1: 

Italian Adriano Malori wins the Tirreno-Adriatico opener, claiming... 
Peter Sagan talks ahead of Tirreno-Adriatico: 

Peter Sagan talks ahead of Tirreno-Adriatico

Cyclingnews is t... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3: 

On a punchy sprint finish tailor-made for Michael Matthews, Orica-GreenEd... 
Cavendish “nervous” in Tirreno as he continues to fight virus: "If it was any other time of year, I wouldn't h... 
Adriano Malori (Movistar) on winning the opening stage of Tirreno-Adriatico: 

Adriano Malori (Movistar) on wi... 
What would YOU do to stop doping in professional cycling? - Cycling Weekly: Cycling WeeklyWhat would YOU do to... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3: Michael Matthews snags the overall lead in Paris-Nice after winning a punch... 
Peter Sagan narrowly avoids crash in Tirreno-Adriatico TT (video): Sagan almost came a cropper on a corner dur... 
Adriano Malori wins shortened opening stage of Tirreno-Adriatico: • Race disrupted by high winds, trees and de... 
Malori wins Tirreno opener: Adriano Malori claimed the early lead of Tirreno-Adriatico in Italy by winning the... 
Matthews takes Paris-Nice lead: Michael Matthews sprints into the Paris-Nice lead as his Orica Greenedge team ... 
Malori wins first individual test at Tirreno-Adriatico: Adriano Malori (Movistar) celebrated his second time t... 
Top 10 most impressive pro cycling debut seasons: Cavendish, Merckx, LeMond, Boardman... We take a look at 10 ... 
Video – Madison Genesis Training Camp: The British UCI Continental Madison Genesis racing team video from the ... 
Michael Matthews takes charge of Paris-Nice after sprinting to victory: • Geraint Thomas finishes 19th and lie... 
Matthews takes lead with win: Michael Matthews moved into the overall lead of Paris-Nice by sprinting to a dom... 
