@Magicmew12 HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Thoughts on natsumes book of friends? — Haven't seen it, but it looks like something I'd enjoy. 
@bobbierob no just wait for the OST don't waste your money
I honestly never imagined being able to buy both the manga and anime legally in North America. I'm so happy.
Seriously, though, having been a JoJo fan since before the 2012 anime premiered makes the series' success that much sweeter.
New Igavania, JoJo dub, and Grandia 2 on Steam. Plus a picnic. Today was a good day.
Bloodstained looks pretty cool too. Happy to have Igavania back.
NO FUCKING WAY HOW MUCH NEWS DID I MISS WHILE I WAS OUT 
WELL LOOKS LIKE I'M ON BOARD 
Where do you find information about which animators w... — The Sakuga Wiki (
@tamerlane420 @yurisses Hey, I liked the movie.
YOOOOOOO 
The cinematography in last night's Game of Thrones episode was on-point.
have more Bloodborne music 
urgh why is Bloodborne's OST so fucking great 
@Don_Don_Kun It might be PS4/XBO only. Just a fair warning. :P
@Don_Don_Kun More than that, a Sony employee on GAF literally confirmed it a couple of months ago. :P
@Don_Don_Kun You might as well wait awhile. Everything indicates an HD remaster coming out soon.
@egglasses You didn't know FFIX was my favourite...? o.o
XV is probably gonna end up somewhere between XII and VII for me based on Episode Duscae and the upcoming patch's changes.
Proper FF rankings: IX&gt;VI&gt;XII&gt;VII&gt;X&gt;IV&gt;VIII&gt;V&gt;III&gt;I&gt;II&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;XIII
@Don_Don_Kun You guys sure do love V, huh?
@Magicmew12 And A Link Between Worlds is actually a sequel! (Also one of the best Zelda games ever. The best 3DS game out there too.)
@Magicmew12 Zelda's always been good. Except Skyward Sword.
Seriously though, a Dragon Ball Super simuldub would actually get me to buy a Funimation Elite subscription.
I think I might re-buy Paper Mario on the Wii U VC. :&lt;
@Magicmew12 It's partially the reason why WW is topping MM for me. That, and the fact that MM is a lot more juvenile than I remember.
@Magicmew12 WWHD adds a sail that makes you go faster. Makes exploration and mapping a lot more fun.
@Magicmew12 Did you play the original or WWHD?
APR: Euphonium
JoJo

not a great week for anime
@theanimefighter Even aside from that, I just don't see the appeal in creating a character for no reason other than to treat them poorly.
@theanimefighter Or, y'know, watched the news at any point.
RIP Togashi 
@theanimefighter I guess they like seeing him abused for the entire episode for no real reason.
Slow, meandering, directionless, and mean-spirited. The only episode so far I'd actually venture to call bad.
Wow, that was the weakest BBB episode yet.
@br1anwuzhere @tamerlane420 Probably why the only contemporary Japanese filmmaker I seem to have any affinity for is Shunji Iwai.
@br1anwuzhere @tamerlane420 I'll keep that in mind. I'm just used to my arthouse far being less... playful, I guess.
@tamerlane420 Yeah, that's probably it. TBH, the movie just didn't click with me. I liked it, but I didn't see it as anything extraordinary.
@tamerlane420 It was, like, basically completely black. I could only barely make out Yu's image. It was a half-second long insert shot.
(Plus the comments sincerely asking, "Why is this an issue?" Morons.)
(Though I guess it's not fair to say we Smashers are much better considering the awful fucking hate mail she got after posting on Reddit.)
... but the fact that the tournament environment can still be toxic toward women in this manner is fucking disgusting.
I know we Smash players don't encourage nor engage this kind of behaviour...
Especially after that whole thing with that Alex Strife piece of shit.
I thought the Smash community was better than this, but I guess we can't trust the people who run tournaments.
@tamerlane420 I have to say I did like the camera movement itself. The Tarantino-style quick-zooms were used super well.
Play the beginning of Mother 3 with your mom today. (just kidding please don't do that)
You've said you've only seen one of Stanley Kubrick's... — 2001, A Clockwork Orange, and The Shining among other... 
... but the shifts themselves felt extremely abrupt and uncalled for.
Oh, and I didn't like the tonal shifts. Didn't feel they were handled well at all. The actual contained acts were fine on their own...
I don't know. Love Exposure was good, but it just didn't click for me like it did for a lot of people.
Plus the lighting throughout wasn't great and the actual shot composition was only notable three or four times.
But at the same time, there was at least one insert shot that was underexposed to the point of being unintelligible.
e.g., one of the sets was designed to look like a film set
There were scenes toward the end of the film where that was 100% intentional.
I mean, it was entertaining for sure, but the amateur nature of the film's cinematography really broke immersion when it didn't mean to.
Love Exposure was... something. Don't really know what I expected, but I think I liked it...?
Anyway, let's see how Love Exposure goes.
Still love this scene. 
Have you heard of the New Modesty? If so, what are yo... — Just read up on it a bit and it seems like it's forma... 
I know nothing about hip-hop, but I'm finally listening to Kendrick Lamar and I think I understand now.
What is this New Sincerity? — Our most recent artistic philosophy, meant as a response to postmodern ironists. W... 
Why do you feel Synechdoche, New York is overrated? A... — I like Kaufman as a writer. Being John Malkovich was ... 
Non-Japanese animators and/or animation directors you... — 

In a... 
I personally adore Steven Universe; I'm interested in... — It has the most mature long-form story of any America... 
Who do you feel are some of the best filmmakers and why? — 

I'll go throug... 
Favorite comic artists (of any region or time period)? — Inio Asano...? Aside from manga, the only comics I've r... 
Favorite mangaka and why? — Inio Asano. His writing is totally in line with the New Sincerity and his stories fo... 
Ten anime you would recommend to an advanced anime vi... — Lain
Mind Game
Utena
K-On S2
The Tale of Princess Kag... 
Tempted to try watching Love Exposure tonight. Dunno if I'll have the patience for a four-hour-long movie today, but I guess we'll see.
Trigun confirmed &gt; BBB. Not even Matsumoto can escape it.
In addition to everything else we know to be wrong with GAF, they're also now anti-art. Great.
can Nintendo just move the Splatoon release date up or something
Everyone pls buy Splatoon regardless of whether or not you have a Wii U.
Splatoon is fucking awesome.
I'm awful at this game.
(Switched to paint roller.)
paint rollers are OP fuck this game
I always get killed by paint rollers. :(
There's squid metal in this game.
SPLATOON IS SO GREAT
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 @br1anwuzhere Fingers crossed, then. Based on what little I know about Prison School, Yamamoto would be perfect.
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 @br1anwuzhere Got my hopes up for nothing. :(
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 @br1anwuzhere Sayo Yamamoto is working on it?!
For a second, I was so happy that people were reading the best part of JoJo.
Every time someone uses "SBR" to refer to Show by Rock, I think they're referring to Steel Ball Run.
wow my friend just met George Pettit while I've been editing video for like 2-3 hours I'm done
Or the more likely scenario where they'll be like "the fuck is this shit" and perceive me as even more pretentious than they already do.
I'm excited for the stuff I'm screening this coming Friday because I get to blow people's minds with arthouse anime.
room tone has become my life

save me from this post-production hell
@Magicmew12 @tamerlane420 I liked the Captain America movies. They felt more like period pieces than superhero movies.
The way the few Tales fans out there talk about Hideo Baba as if he's Miyamoto or Hidetaka Miyazaki scares me a bit.
What do you look forward to most this year? — Bloodbo -- nevermind.

AN or Dragon Ball Super. 
oh wait it's at 11 EST nvm
@egglasses is my dash gonna be filled with Fall Out Boy now ;_;
might not get to play the Splatoon demo D:

DDDDDD:
@egglasses stop
lol people are still bitching about Punpun's ending being "anticlimactic"
JoJo is gonna be sub-only...? :/
@Don_Don_Kun Part 4 is gonna drive you nuts. Literally.
Oh, Gohan's face remains out of frame until Goku introduces him. Cute.
@Magicmew12 He actually says, "It's not over yet!"
They're spelling "Kakarot" differently every time Raditz says it.
Part 1 of Dragon Ball: complete. Onto DBZ. 
Dragon Ball's most dynamic art is easily contained in the final arc of Part 1. 
Toriyama never forgets. 
Toriyama manages to convey so much through so little. 

Now that I'm at the timeskip in Dragon Ball, I'm reading the speech bubbles in the characters' voices. So great.
By KyoAni, a 3 episode yuri anime about Joey&amp;#039;s porn collection. 

oh
The show isn't even getting the humour right. The manga is essentially a comedy, and the show's attempts at its jokes fall flat.
I usually don't mind shorter series adding original content to pad out the story, but Food Wars' filler isn't even good.
Great dramatic tension in this week's JoJo episode. Enjoy the Vanilla Ice Arc. It's... a fun one.


it has no grace

0/10 
The JoJo takeover is nigh.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
@tamerlane420 I'd totally be interested in reading those.
@tamerlane420 (She wasn't the best teacher.)
@tamerlane420 Which is funny because my first year prof encouraged that. During class. In a dark theatre. Quietly.
@tamerlane420 For sure. Even in this case -- not necessarily repeat viewings, but subsequent ones of different films of his.
@tamerlane420 The politics the movie addressed just feel so divorced from anything particularly relevant these days.
@tamerlane420 The explanation we were offered before the mandatory theory course was essentially "lol he's weird; don't worry about it."
@tamerlane420 Yeah, exactly. I didn't actually understand his movies till this past year.
@tamerlane420 (I'll watch Weekend over the weekend [lol] though. Need more Godard under my belt.)
@tamerlane420 School decided Tout va Bien would be the best intro. I still hate it. :/
@tamerlane420 holy shit

why didn't I like Godard a few months ago
@br1anwuzhere Ooh, that sounds like my kind of thing. Adding it to the list! Thanks!
@br1anwuzhere So is this show any good? A lot of the screens you posted are pretty nice. The synopsis always sounded too safe for me.
e.g., the Truffaut moments of Kids on the Slope, the mumblecore moments of TiR, fucking Ganymede Elegy
The best moments of his shows, for me, are the ones where everything is quiet and subdued and inspired by not-Spielberg.
Like, I know TiR's bombast came from his desire to do pure Hollywood, but I think Watanabe's at his best when dealing with... abstractions.
In a lot of ways, I'm hoping he revisits the simplicity of the everyday that he strove for in Baby Blue, complete with the indie aesthetic.
Also going through Baby Blue again. Clearly a precursor to what Watanabe did with Terror in Resonance, but on a smaller scale.
... and thus, the audience gets the wrong idea. And it turns out to be completely hopeful and optimistic.
I also love how the central conflict (or whatever's there, at least) is misconstrued by the boy...
Ohira's style is perfectly suited to a stream-of-consciousness story set in a child's imagination. Absolutely gorgeous.
Finally got around to watching Wanwa the Doggy. Masterpiece.
Anyway, everyone is moving to Letterboxd, huh? Maybe I should follow suit.
It confuses me how people have an honest desire to make stuff like that.
What the hell was that new Animator Expo short? I felt like a bad, trashy early-2000s anime.
@Novasylum "deconstructed"

uhhhhhhhh
What would you do if you woke up and all the other people were gon... — 
Ten anime you would recommend to a beginner. May be T... — Spirited Away
Bebop
FLCL
Only Yesterday
FMA '03
The T... 
Also Nintendoland at Universal Studios? My dreams are becoming reality.
Gakkyu Hotei's getting cancelled, huh? No surprise there. Might as well finish it up on Monday.
@nohbrows yeah but self-awareness IS SO COOL ISN'T IT FUCKING RAD
@TEPopka @Deadlightanime @MrFlawfinder I really want Patrick McHale to do a long-form series with as much subtlety and beauty as OtGW.
@MrFlawfinder @Deadlightanime fuck
did flash killed American animation? — I'm assuming this is sarcastic. But in the event that this is a serious q... 
@Deadlightanime @MrFlawfinder Paddington himself makes it count in my eyes.
@Deadlightanime @MrFlawfinder I have no faith in any American animation outside of Steven Universe anymore. Europe must save us.
@MrFlawfinder Critics' standards for animated films seem to get lower and lower every year.
In three words, how would you describe your best friend? — Don't Say Lazy. (Yes, K-On is my best friend, what of... 
Irony is outdated. Told you.
so many Zamtrios killed
started The Devil is a Part-Timer today and got in the second volume of Is It Wrong to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon

I feel like shit
why am I reading light novels

what's wrong with me
Wow, so... you CAN'T transform into a beast. Yet they still insist there's a secret no one has discovered yet. Hmm...
@whemleh ughhhhh
@whemleh That sad face is the most non-confrontational thing, man. You're a monster.
He confirms that all the names chosen in the game are significant.
@whemleh no I'm still the best :(
He's proud of Patches for keeping his sanity intact while gaining so much Insight. (what the fuck)
He talks about the thematic significance of the beast transformation in a very lengthy quote.
He also calls her cute. Fuck that.
He confirms Rom is a female: "From the design and atmosphere to that kind of plaintive air she has, I really like her."
@whemleh Let it be known that I am the best one.
The role of infants in the story comes from the idea that more advanced countries have lower birthrates.
Demon's Souls (impenetrable) -&gt; Dark Souls (approachable; more straightforward about its lore) -&gt; Bloodborne (extremely ambiguous again)
Miyazaki operates within a conscious model wherein he makes a hard-to-understand game, then an approachable, more straightforward one.
The Doll wasn't originally a part of the game. One of the designers just drew her up and Miyazaki immediately implemented her.
Willem's dialogue was written in such a way so as to characterize him. Miyazaki says he's completely opposed to info-dumps.
Miyazaki wanted to implement a path in Iosefka's questline where she survives, but the rest of the staff was opposed to it.
He mentions Cthulhu by name, as if the Lovecraft influence wasn't obvious enough.
Any questions about the lore go entirely unanswered.
My Bloodborne guide came in. Gonna quickly read through the Miyazaki interview and post anything of note.
NATASHA ALLEGRI DRAWING RHYTHM HEAVEN ART

MY LIFE IS COMPLETE 
How do you know that you're in love? —  
Let's try fighting an inflatable land shark.
@Magicmew12 Seems more like Chiaotzu to me. Except Alluka actually has plot relevance.
While Meruem looks like Cell, the Chimera Ant Arc is basically a retelling of the King Piccolo Saga.

I didn't realize how short Part 1 of Dragon Ball is. I'm already at the King Piccolo Saga.
More of Toriyama's dynamic action. 
Like Yamcha, Tien is established as cool (as well as an asshole) before becoming worthless.
oh 
Great perspective and shading. 
wow how did I just realize this
Pilaf = Buggy
Shu = Mr. 3
Mai = Alvida
@egglasses YEEEAAHHHH GET HYPE! I'm really excited to see how they turn out! :D
@egglasses :(

You can do it! Just watch Euphonium when you get home! (Please.)
The best thing about my new job is I get to start hoarding Amiibos.
@Novasylum Not unless we're talking about One Piece. Their other movies are pretty meh-looking. Even the DB ones.
@CapriGenesis Maybe if there's a One Piece-Digimon crossover.
Like, even Battle of Gods had its issues visually. And that's Dragon Ball. I think they only put effort into the OP movies these days.
I'd say that Digimon being a series of movies means it'll look half-decent, but this is still Toei we're talking about.
Actually, I think I'll stick with the Charge Blade till I can make the Gore Magala or Kirin Insect Glaives. Seems like the better option.
what do ppl have against Yamcha?? — he's Yamcha 
The Insect Glaive upgrade system is giving me a headache. I guess I'll just wing it till I get a decent one.
@Novasylum OH I THOUGHT YOU WERE JOKING EARLIER

ENJOY
I've had people question me when I say DBZ had its issues because of Jump's editorial department. Well, here you go: 

@Novasylum An extravagant close-up like that helps to get across the sense of growing intimacy delivered through the scene in question.
@trhvmn Everything about DB-era Toriyama is minimalistic. Part of the reason DBZ is often considered to pale in comparison to the first half
I don't know why, but I really love Toriyama's colour pages. 
... simultaneously trying to pronounce it and trying to figure out what it's called in English.
These Dragon Ball scans leave all of the attack names untranslated, so I'm stuck staring at one panel for five minutes...
Euphonium is still show of the season.
I find it worrisome that I recognize most pieces of classical music because of Looney Tunes.
THE SHOW FINALLY USED DEPTH OF FIELD PROPERLY. IT'S A MIRACLE. 
The concert band members are framed within the context of music. 
I didn't wanna spam screens, but holy shit.
Symmetrical framing means more borders being crossed. 
Yet another visible border between the girls. Except Reina's foot is on the line again. 
@tamerlane420 Gatchaman?
(I redact my earlier statement. The first half was pretty sloppy, but now we're back to our regularly scheduled programming.)
The mise-en-scene during this scene is also very vacant so as to have the girls seem more intimate. 
When Reina mentions Mr. Taki, she teeters on yet another precipice. He's what ties her to Kumiko. 
I like how Kumiko is repeatedly framed so as to appear smaller than Reina. I also love the closed eyes to represent yet another border.
More borders; more distance. 
I also wanna point out that the direction feels a bit sloppy and WAY more safe than the past couple of weeks. Dammit, Euphonium.
Despite Kumiko's circumstances changing, she and her peers are still framed behind bars. 
I just spent like 2 hours deciding on a movie to watch before deciding to watch none in my backlog.
goddammit 
@PortalBlast Toriyama's panel composition is always super cool like that.
@PortalBlast Dragon Ball Ch. 26.
@tamerlane420 The game is pretty mediocre (at best), so hopefully the anime turns out all right.
@tamerlane420 The cel shading thing is strange, but interesting enough to get me to watch.
Launch is the best. 
Krillin was completely different as a kid.
Toriyama's action scenes are always very clear about what's happening in any given panel.
There are WAY too many shounen series out there with messy and nonsensical action composition -- Magi, Titan, D. Gray-Man, to name a few.
People give Toriyama a lot of shit, but you can't deny that his action scenes are some of the most legible in shounen.
Also, Toriyama is great with perspective. 
I love how Dragon Ball quickly sets up Yamcha as a badass, but he then quickly becomes completely worthless.
Truly a classic. 
It honestly turned into a story about home and all that. Gonna pick up Volume 2 now.
Just finished reading the first volume of DanMachi. It's... actually really cute and I enjoyed it quite a bit. Definitely a huge surprise.
Tried the Insect Glaive for the first time. Holy fuck.
Well, that and a new 3D Metroid.
"Lucas will be available for purchase in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U and Nintendo 3DS following this presentation."
I pretty much only have one wish for Nintendo's E3 Direct.
APR:
1. Euphonium
2. BBB
3. JoJo
4. Arslan
If more anime derived from Tsurumaki's style, the world would be a better place.
BBB was so good last week. So very heavily inspired by Tsurumaki to the point of being derivative -- but that's not a complaint!
they used a sound effect/jingle from Disgaea in Arise

what the fuck is this show
Which is a bit unfair of me to say, but I don't have much faith in this adaptation anyway.
I see Food Wars is trying to remedy its pacing problems with filler. Because that's always worked so well.
I think I'm gonna read through Dragon Ball in preparation for Super.
@MrFlawfinder Those kinds of shows are the worst. I find myself distracted more during them than something I genuinely dislike.
@MrFlawfinder To complain about it...?
@MrFlawfinder (Arise feels like an obligation.)
@MrFlawfinder I'm having a hard enough time keeping up with the manga every month. I couldn't do it weekly.
@MrFlawfinder When the manga isn't brooding and being Bleach 2.0, that's it in a nutshell.
@MrFlawfinder Oh, it'll get there soon enough then. It's really fucking creepy and gross to its female characters.
@MrFlawfinder "Decent...?" Judging by the manga, they're literally just there to be sexed-up and to tease the male characters.
@yurisses Well, that answers that, then.
Favourite One Piece characters? — Luffy is my absolute favourite. I know it's cheesy to have the main character ... 
If you could have a role in any TV show, what would i... — One Piece. Not as a voice actor; as an actual character. 
Is Bakemonogatari Ikuhara-influenced? — I don't know a lot about its production, so I'm not the one to ask. It d... 
Filming is tiring me more than anything I've done in university so far.
oh my god Dark Bird is Home is sooooo good

Got to be self-indulgent and filmed an Ikuhara shot fuck yeah
GOAT CONFIRMED 
Yooka-Layleeeeeee
@tamerlane420 ... they just compared Nolan to Deren...?

oh my fucking lord
If you made anime, what kind of anime would you like ... — Wes Anderson: The Anime. A shounen action series with... 
Favorite Poe story? — My knowledge of Poe is limited to The Raven, The Cask of Amontillado, and Annabel Lee. I l... 
LatteArt【Revolutionary Girl Utena】

#ラテアート
#少女革命ウテナ 
4 hours late with this pic, but DAY 2 OF FILMING GET HYPE 
I adored how it ended -- with a smash cut. What a way to showcase this particular life and its end.
... acknowledges its own inadequacies. And it's amazing.
... to give a sense of what he might have felt. At the same time, Morgen doesn't claim to replicate depression; the film...
The film was especially notable for being kind of expressionist -- a lot of Kurt's drawings and paintings were animated...
Watched Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck last night. Incredible documentary. I love how Morgen uses animation to fill in the blanks.
Mononoke is so amazing. A bit upset I waited this long to get to it.
jesus christ this show is dark
Ep. 2 takes the disorientation factor further by not only employing jump cuts, but changing the "exposure" in between them.
@br1anwuzhere All I've seen of his is Late Spring and The Only Son. Can't really help you there; sorry! :P
@br1anwuzhere $25 on Amazon Canada.

... I feel like I should wait till Anime North next month, but... urgh...
@br1anwuzhere ... is very clearly going for a Godard/Ozu thing -- semiotics intertwined with batshit insanity.
@br1anwuzhere ... as well as Shinbo or Nakamura. And at the same time, Shinbo is more predicated on aesthetic, while Nakamura...
@br1anwuzhere Even then, Shaft is only Shinbo in aesthetic. I don't feel their directors really know what they're doing...
Mononoke is fucking magnificent.
Each time they say "around," the camera cuts to them from a different angle, creating the illusion of rotational movement.
The Medicine Seller and the woman have the same line: "Around and around and around and around."
I don't wanna take copious screenshots but holy fuckkkkkkk this show man
If I can be my typical self: Mononoke does what Shaft wishes they could do.
Lots of jump cuts and pillow shots, a distinct lack of shot/reverse-shot, and a constant tendency to break the 180 degree rule.
Mononoke primarily seems to use editing, in Ep. 1 at least, as a way to disorient the viewer.
EVERY SINGLE EDIT IN THIS SHOW SO FAR IS SCREENSHOT-WORTHY

THIS IS SO FUCKING WELL-DIRECTED WHY DID IT TAKE ME SO LONG TO GET TO IT
Holy shit, this is so Ikuhara-esque.
Let's start this shit. 
The censorship in 2011 really sanitized him. The whole point is that he exposes Gon to these kinds of horrors.
The fact that Togashi and '99 decided to show the heart says so much about Killua's character.
yesssssss 
Oh, they mo-capped the Eva. That explains why it didn't move like an Eva should.
All the making of Another Impact is doing is reminding me how awful it was.
@tamerlane420 I'm at least interested to see how Chomet blends the two different ideals.
@tamerlane420 Which is funny because I find Tati's style lends itself well to the whole cinema of attractions thing.
@tamerlane420 Chomet's whole thing is cinematic nostalgia, isn't it? The Illusionist looks very vaudevillian too.
@tamerlane420 Live action + animation done by Fellini. Should be interesting at least!
@tamerlane420 That's a shame. I'm interested to see what he does with The Thousand Miles, though.
I know it's Golden Week, but a Me!Me!Me! remix and a "making of" about the worst short thus far? :/
@tamerlane420 Still need to watch The Illusionist, but I'm assuming it's brilliant.
@tamerlane420 That's true. The CG stuck out much worse than I'd remembered.
@tamerlane420 It feels like one of the few recent works that actually knows WHY early animation did what it did.
@tamerlane420 I re-watched Belleville a couple of weeks ago and still enjoyed it quite a bit.
@tamerlane420 The character acting was something else, though.
The new Steven Universe episode was great. This show has better character writing than... well, most stuff out there.
THIS GAME IS FUCKED UP MAN
... Oh. I just got the implications of the lady in Bloodborne who cries about her "precious little baby."
@CapriGenesis I've been reading that for a few months now. :P
@CapriGenesis Eh, doesn't seem like exactly what I'm in the mood for.
I need a new shounen manga to read.
Plus he mentioned how an upcoming manga of his would focus on transgender issues, so I'm really excited to see what he does with that.
I just hope that DDDDDDDD doesn't indicate a complete shift in style and thematic focus for Asano. He excels at this New Sincerity stuff.
I can't find his Cigarette Anthology one-shot anywhere and I'm gonna wait until Dead Dead Demon's Dededededestruction is further in to read.
But aside from that, Heroes is more absurdist humour from Asano. That seems to be his focus now.
The whole translation was awful and internet-y like that.
burn this scanlation 
This all seems to come from a very personal place: "No one word can describe this. I'm thinking of finding a place to write it all down."
In Asano's other works, he's implied that characters have clinical depression. This is the first time he's outright said it.
Himawari was really sad -- a very honest look at depression and the only Asano work which names the illness explicitly.
Ozanari-kun was strange, but it was good simply because it's by Asano.
... "I think they're leading... a perfectly normal life somewhere. People don't give up so easily." Gorgeous.
I guess that's a criticism Asano receives from some since he writes about such "mundane" things. And that criticism is followed up with...
I liked this very subtle line too: "How sad. But without a drop of imagination. And you wanted to become a writer?"
It's all about the stories people leave behind when they move and how each house contains its own tales.
Just finished Awaiting Spring. In twenty pages, he manages to make a Solanin spinoff as heartfelt as the source material.
On a more positive note, I'm going through Inio Asano's one-shots that I haven't yet read.
Okay, that's enough Ninja Slayer. I seriously don't see the appeal of this kind of show whatsoever.
(Super excited for it!)
Batjo-Chazooie
@tamerlane420 I promise I'll start it tomorrow night. Doing some film editing right now and I have a job interview in the morning. :P
(Yes, I'll still routinely post Bloodborne quotes.)
It's just strange to me how he literally defies a god. To its face -- er... brain
Then again, Patches HAS been a piece of shit who fucks you over and then begs forgiveness in every Souls game.
"Oh, Lord Amygdala, spare the poor bastard. Heheheh..."
I'm wondering what makes Patches change his tune so quickly since when Amygdala grabs you, he laughs at you.
"Oh, think not of poor Amygdala. Upon that piteous bastard, you bestowed salvation."
why can't I find Bardock: The Father of Goku anywhere

I want my DB fill man
Chances of Dragon Ball Super getting a simuldub? :(
Togashi literally just plays Dragon Quest and has talked about how manga is now a hobby for him; not a career.
Not only does he actually work on his chapters in his off-time, but he has depression.
For as much shit as I give Togashi, it really annoys me to see people going off on Miura for his breaks.
Pac-Man has terrible kill power and requires intense ... — Nope because at his core, Pac-Man works the same as t... 
What Smash 4 characters are "competitively useless"? — Completely personal opinion because I don't follow compet... 
What do you think of so-bad-it's-good movies? — I love The Room. Birdemic gets pretty tiresome, though. Those ar... 
oh my god this thing is gonna need so much work in post
First day of filming was productive.
Note: we ate it.
The best part of filming: table cake. 
Director of photography Joey. 
@spike287 @tamerlane420 Yes it is why won't you believe me ;_;

Sharknado is intentionally shit but it's still shit regardless
@CapriGenesis @whemleh @Novasylum Though this is quickly changing due to the ease of indie distribution and exhibition.
@CapriGenesis @whemleh @Novasylum When you have a stubborn filmmaker taking risks, chances are they'll get their way.
@CapriGenesis @whemleh @Novasylum ... will often be compromised by producers and studio heads in order to ensure good revenue.
@CapriGenesis @whemleh @Novasylum With film being a more sought-after commodity than books or music, a director's vision...
@whemleh @Novasylum Though I'd argue Korine is pretty delusional too, but still.
@whemleh @Novasylum Well, aside from the delusional ones -- Von Trier, Harmony Korine, Andy Warhol.
@whemleh @Novasylum Filmmakers are generally self-indulgent and egocentric. Not a knock against them; they HAVE to be that way.
@whemleh @Novasylum You'd be surprised. A lot of experimental filmmakers become annoyed when people don't "get" their work."
@Novasylum @whemleh The struggle of the experimental filmmaker is an unending one.
Got my brother to watch Euphonium. He's still in the middle of watching K-On. I'm ruining him.
@br1anwuzhere I see the ripple more as a representation of that gossip -- things spreading and such.
why do I keep reading ANN reviews

they're not even funny or anything
@Magicmew12 @tamerlane420 It's downloading now. I'll start it ASAP. :P
@tamerlane420 @Magicmew12 It's been in my backlog ever since high school. :&lt;
@Magicmew12 I HAVE been meaning to for awhile...
ohhhh shit Dallas is recording a new album and no one told me GET HYPE
Now I gotta decide on another show to watch alongside HXH...
Okay, I think that's enough Idolmaster. I gave it a chance, but it's just not for me.
I think I'm gonna give it one more episode before deciding what I want to do with it. The show just isn't clicking with me.
Wow, you couldn't tell Tsurumaki SB'd Ep. 4 of Idolmaster. Like, at all. Really boring direction.
HXH99 still top tier.
Post a picture of your favorite outfit! — I swear this was a QotD before, but whatever gives me the opportunity ... 
the cult of Kumiko has been established
(I'll be Steven again soon enough.)
I did it.
@Magicmew12 @whemleh @gemonsw the deed is done
@whemleh @gemonsw Yeah but do I go for a funny one or one that shows off that the show is now well-directed? THE STRUGGLE. D:
@whemleh @gemonsw I was actually considering both #1 and #3.
@gemonsw I'll forever stand by Kumiko. Best girl.
I kinda wanna change my avatar to Kumiko for a while.
@Magicmew12 Kow Otani's best work is in SotC and I refuse to believe otherwise: 
All these Xenoblade Chronicles X impressions. I have to resist. :&lt;
I'm gonna start recommending Euphonium to everyone like I do with K-On and Hyouka.
I should point out that I still think the first episode of Euphonium was a mess. The other three completely make me forget about it, though.
@Jexhius what's happening to me ;_;
(Not counting JoJo because that's in its fourth cour.)
Somewhat controversial season ranking update: Euphonium&gt;BBB&gt;Arslan&gt;&gt;&gt;Food Wars&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Fate&gt;&gt;&gt;Ninja Slayer=GitS
@CapriGenesis It's still very cinematically standard most of the time, so no, probably not. :P
And a couple of other stray shots I found really nice. 
Kumiko is framed to show her resolve. Cut to her feet to indicate unease, then a weight is lifted off her shoulders. 
Entrapment. 
Let's see if my internet will cooperate while I spam screenshots...
Euphonium is my new favourite show of the season. If they keep up this kind of direction until the end, I'll be so happy.
Shit, I didn't wanna spend money, but... this PSN sale...
Kubo's face and Fourth Gear Luffy in that picture are killing me.
@nohbrows Nevermind how a lot of people don't even bother to look up even a basic definition. The term is so maligned these days.
What is deconstruction as literary criticism? For exa... — I'd probably screw up trying to explain the term prop... 
(Yes DBS is gonna likely be shit production-wise, but it's DB, so I'm obligated to get hype.)
@Jexhius Then we cry when it comes out.
@Jexhius There's a cycle to things. We get excited over a new DB/Digimon/OP movie, despite knowing it'll be bad.
TORIYAMA IS WRITING HOLY SHIT I'M SO HYPE
OH SHIIIIIIIIIIT 
Good thing its influence in Bloodborne is limited to the game's first half.
The one good thing to come out of that film was its visual design (the hunter armour mainly).
Awful acting, action scenes straight out of an '80s B-movie, horrible effects, and a strange overuse of slow-mo.
Aside from freaking out over FFXV last night, I watched Brotherhood of the Wolf. What a fucking shitty movie.
@CapriGenesis ... while criticizing Cindy's design, implying people just want a female party member for eye candy.
@CapriGenesis That she's not supposed to be sexy/eroticised and that it's hypocritical of people to ask for a female party member...
I love how transparent Tabata is being with the game's development. Though his comments on Cindy are really fucking stupid.
A lot of this should have been there in the first place, but had this been Nomura, the final game would still have the problems of Duscae.
Faster combat, a functional camera and lock-on, a dodge roll, attack cancelling, and proper navigation.
Yes, it's 3AM but holy fuck, FFXV is gonna be awesome now.
OH MY GOD EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 FIXES ALL THE PROBLEMS I HAD WITH EPISODE DUSCAE. PRAISE TABATA!
Okay, let's try Brotherhood of the Wolf tonight instead.
@nohbrows I enjoy it to start, but watching the same stuff repeatedly makes me hate it after awhile.
All that's left now is the breakdown, screenplay touch-ups, and filming itself! (And editing but let's not think about that.)
SCHEDULING IS DONE HOLY SHIT THIS WAS STRESSFUL
wheeee last one before E3 (I think)
@Adanusch The flashback to the Rumbar Pirates singing Binks' Brew. :(
The way they run is the scariest thing in the game.
Those fucking screaming banshee things in the Hintertomb Chalice Dungeons scare the shit out of me.
Favourite One Piece Arcs? — Arlong Park, Water 7/CP9, and Thriller Bark. Arlong Park was just amazing from a dra... 
... and Waters is about the story of the protagonist's grandmother's hometown. It's absolutely beautiful and heartbreaking.
Urushibara has talked about how Mushi-Shi was inspired by the stories her grandmother would tell her...
Yuki Urushibara is amazing. It was like an extended story of Mushi-Shi, coming from a very personal place.
guess what I thought of Waters 
Gonna read Urushibara's Waters now. Let's see how it stacks up against Mushi-Shi.
Maybe the light novel was better, but yeah, NHK probably remains his best work.
It's basically an early take on Welcome to the NHK rooted in fantasy with underdeveloped characters and themes.
Just got done reading Takimoto's Negative Happy Chainsaw Edge. It wasn't great.
Guess I'm going on a manga binge tonight.
I'm not enjoying Toriko as much as I feel I should be, so that's on hold for now. Need to find another manga to read.
If you had to name the 10 greatest anime of all time ... — I'm not confident I've seen enough anime to answer th... 
"Fear the old blood, Laurence. By the gods, fear it."
I missed the Black Church Set in my first Bloodborne playthrough and I just read the description for it and THIS MAKES SO MUCH MORE SENSE
I literally have one more role to cast and can't find anyone available oh my god
Odaaaa 
yo Kishimoto and Oda interview in Jump this week fuck yeah
@Jexhius @tamerlane420 Naivete. :&lt;
What substantial things does Smash 4 have over Melee ... — uhhhhhhhh

Nothing...?

Which is a bit of an exaggera... 
Who do you loathe more: Hajime Isayama or Noriaki Kubo? — I mean... I don't know them personally. But Isayama ha... 
@tamerlane420 Yeah, but you'd think with so many people on here and IRC being in college, they'd be used to this sort of thing.
I don't understand this mentality that things you like should be exempt from discourse. How is that conducive to... well, anything?
Why do a lot of people who like BBB get so upset over any criticism leveraged toward the show?
Also I think I can now safely say that Bloodborne is one of my favourite games, but I'm way too lazy to update the list on my blog.
Fun fact: along with Berserk and Lovecraft, Brotherhood of the Wolf serves as one of the main inspirations for Bloodborne.
Since I'm still obsessed with Bloodborne, I might as well watch Brotherhood of the Wolf tonight. Could use a popcorn movie.
Arslan is still cool.
@PortalBlast ... while some are upset that it isn't. The middle ground isn't a bad thing; it's a fun show regardless.
@PortalBlast Yeah, which is totally fine. I think some people are aggrandizing it because they believe it NEEDS to be brilliant...
The first half of Ep. 4 was really cool, while the second was very typical bland action direction. No idea what's going on.
I like Nightow enough that I'm liable to enjoy the whole thing, but I find that Matsumoto's dropping the ball quite a bit.
And with that comes the show perching on a very fine line. It could easily become mind-blowing or awful in the span of a single episode.
I don't think it's as bad as some people claim, but it's definitely nowhere near as masterful or brilliant as some claim either.
So, as of this week, BBB is a show that I'm still enjoying. However, it does have some glaring issues.
Maybe I just still have Bloodborne on the brain. Insight too strong.
"Elder-Class Blood Breeds" makes it sound like we're dealing with Lovecraftian monsters. But no, they're just vampires. :(
I love Nightow's humour.
Really neat direction in BBB this week.
@PortalBlast Arise's problems go deeper than just inconsistencies, though.
Is Arise supposed to be a prequel or an alternate universe thing? This show contradicts both the movies AND SAC.
Wow, Food Wars is slated for 24 episodes, huh? They're messing up the pacing, so I could see the anime being completely boring by the end.
A moment of respite to catch up on anime before getting back to scheduling.
@whemleh bwahhhhhhhhh
Then what is the goal of modernist literature in expr... — No literary movement has a singular goal; it's just t... 
@awesome_engine I don't find Pica's voice all that funny TBH. :(
@awesome_engine Other than that.
@awesome_engine Nothing in the OP anime works as well as in the manga.
Silent Hills confirmed cancelled. :(
@br1anwuzhere I feel bad because everyone loves it and it was literally forgettable to me. I've forgotten so much about the series.
@Magicmew12 kill sakugagate before it begins
What were your issues with shinsekai yori — I honestly don't remember. I'm pretty sure it just didn't grab me wh... 

A scene from AoT's TV anime this time: 

The first clip uses quick c... 
In relation to my previous sakuga question, I want to... — It's contributed to by fans, so...

I just go on the ... 
I don't get it, could you please explain how its not ... — Uh okay, this is gonna be a long answer.

Modernism i... 
Antonioni uses shadows and the interplay between light and dark as thematic development and as a result, the shots he gets are amazing.
Finally got around to watching L'Avventura last night. @tamerlane420 is right, go watch it.
Casting and securing filming locations are hard.
@Don_Don_Kun @tamerlane420 @ABCBTom Andrew Weisblum is the best animator of all time.
@tamerlane420 @ABCBTom (Also lol @ "secret spectatorship." Time to start going off about Laura Mulvey again.)
@tamerlane420 @ABCBTom her... animation... style

HER... animation style

ANN must be stopped
WHOA SAWANO'S COMPOSITIONS IN XENOBLADE DON'T ALL SOUND THE SAME?!

WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING
@tamerlane420 @ABCBTom holy fuck
@tamerlane420 @ABCBTom Yeah, that's the exact review I was referring to.
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 She's made claims about the production being top tier.
Chapter 325 of Vagabond embodies a lot of what I love about the series.
What's your currently favorite show on TV? —  
David Foster Wallace said that a novel needs to go be... — I always love repeating this anecdote. Back when I ha... 
@Deadlightanime Watch Steven Universe.
Do you view the Great Gatsby as materialistic obsessi... — Partially. At least with regards to Daisy. Gatsby's o... 
At the same time, the combat was fucking great and easily a lot better than anything Tales had given us this past gen. Yes, even Graces.
I think I'm gonna try playing Star Ocean 4 again. Deleted my save file years ago because of bad VA, creepy character models, and a bad plot.
@Magicmew12 Prepare to cry.
I still contest that Wong Kar-wai pulls off the French New Wave aesthetic better than a lot of the New Wave's own filmmakers.
@tamerlane420 "Alas, alas! I have a girl who has a nice neck, nice breasts, a nice voice... nice wrists, a nice forehead, nice knees..."
@tamerlane420 Essentially your entire list of favourite filmmakers fits that criteria.
What are your favorite live-action TV series? — Breaking Bad
Game of Thrones
True Detective
Black Mirror (though... 
@wendeego Imagine how strange a VC re-release would be.
@wendeego I used to love that game.
@Magicmew12 whoa don't get my hopes up
Oh man they are definitely worth checking out ! I thi... — I'll keep that in mind! I might wait awhile though. S... 
Nintendo's also gonna be increasing Amiibo stock. For every bad decision, a good one follows. I don't understand this company.
Real life, huh? You're from Toronto. I know a lot of ... — Probably because it's so huge. I know Anime North is ... 
WOW Nintendo isn't gonna be releasing SNES games on the Wii U VC anymore?! I WANNA GET SECRET OF MANA. JEEZ.
@Don_Don_Kun No clue since literally all the input when the prof asked for it was from me and the other guy I mentioned.
Names of your favorite anime festival shorts so far? — Animator Expo? My top 5, in no particular order, would be... 
@Don_Don_Kun Which is why it's always confused me. My animation classes were surprisingly full, though.
@Don_Don_Kun And even then, you can't deny the artistry behind the origins of commercial US animation.
Have you seen the sun creature short films on youtube... — Nope, but thanks for bringing them to my attention. I... 
Do you think Tomorrowland might be any good? — Yeah. Brad Bird and all. 
@Don_Don_Kun I've only met one person in the program who likes animation enough to discuss it on artistic terms.
@Don_Don_Kun You'd think that, but honestly, a LOT of my peers are really snobbish and won't even acknowledge animation.
What are some good essays/novels to start off with fr... — "This is Water" is the quintessential DFW essay/thesi... 
@Don_Don_Kun The few conversations I've had that begin and end with "what anime do you like?" haven't been as great.
@Don_Don_Kun It really depends on the people. I'm lucky since I actually get to discuss anime artistically with my friends.
Opinions on the different mediums/websites to discuss... — I only really interact with people regarding anime on... 
Are you romantic? Why or why not? — 
To do: casting, scheduling, proofing. HYPE.
One of the best things about Steven Universe is how there's an entire episode dedicated to criticizing postmodern irony.
Have you written any stories? — Yes. Not inclined to share any of my creative writing, though. 
Are you a fan of Yo-Kai Watch? — I haven't watched the anime and my knowledge of the games is "It's basically Po... 
This is sakuga, right? 
Caught up with Steven Universe. Seriously one of the best cartoons I've ever seen.
@MightyDesperado I'm likely gonna watch the whole thing, so hopefully it gets better for me!
The new Lupin looks fucking great.
@lemur_kun @wendeego That's the rumour at least. It's either that or Trigger blew all their money on LWA2.
@lemur_kun @wendeego Its TV airing is actually 2016 and might be another show entirely. i.e., what was advertised.
I... don't think I'm enjoying Idolmaster too much. :(
Takao's episode was surprisingly lacking. :(
Not a fault of Idolmaster; just a stray observation.
Also, every time I hear Rie Kugimiya's voice, I can only think of Koto. Easily the most expressive role I've heard her in.
I was pretty confident about Ritsu being my favourite K-On character after two episodes. But again, I shouldn't compare the shows. :/
Aside from the obvious lack of development, it's even hard for me to figure out who I like and don't like after two episodes.
Idolmaster's huge cast really seems to be a detriment.
why is the hamster flipping me off 
YO HIEI LOOKS SO SICK 
@pancakeparadox I might do that. I've found myself getting pretty annoyed with some of the more frequent users.
Time to get a couple of idol episodes done and then EDIT A SCREENPLAY (???!!!!?!!?).
@br1anwuzhere Also of note is how a disparity is set up between foreground and background, yet both are clearly in focus.
@br1anwuzhere Yeah, the "lighting" plays a huge part.
@pancakeparadox The obsession is a little worrisome.
@pancakeparadox No matter if it's a FFXV topic or something on an older JRPG. It always comes back to "loli bullshit" with them.
@pancakeparadox Particularly because a few of them will go into any given JRPG topic and start on about modern JRPGs being "pedophile shit."
@pancakeparadox I actually recognize a few of the people in there from the gaming forum.
Amongst various world mythologies, the left is also seen as malicious or errant. Illumi appears on Killua's left side.
The left is often associated with evil. "Sinistra" = "left" in Latin, from which we derive "sinister."
Might be going a bit too far here, but...
This is one of the final shots of an episode about Killua battling his inner demons. Very subtle. 
@pancakeparadox The general gaming forum has been cleaned up a bit since GG became a thing, but wow, I'll stay away from AnimeGAF.
@pancakeparadox It's one thing to discuss issues within art and culture. It's another to be fucking delusional. Jesus.
Happiness pervades the image when we cut from characters enclosed to an extreme long shot. 
A subtle shift in colour composition indicates character development. 
@pancakeparadox what the fuck
Following the conflation of Killua and his reflection, he's framed through glass quite a bit. 
@pancakeparadox ... (i.e., no criticism). It seems like AnimeGAF just cranks that up to eleven.
@pancakeparadox Fans of Japanese games smug about "inferior" western devs, discussions about how gaming needs more "positivity..."
@pancakeparadox These communities on GAF really love being ignorant of the bigger picture.
@pancakeparadox It wouldn't be so bad if the whole forum wasn't full of unsubstantiated claims about ANY pop culture.
Great almost-match cut. Gon's fishing tackle wipes the screen and syncs up with Anita's swipe. 
Twitter please let me upload a great edit from HXH. ._.
@pancakeparadox Good on you. Better to keep it that way.
@pancakeparadox This is why I avoid GAF subcultures (if you can call them that) and just lurk for gaming news.
@pancakeparadox "Who cares if they have great shots?" LOOOOOOL 
Killua's past is initially presented as a reflection of his current self before the abyss stares back. 
@Magicmew12 This is pretty much the ideal adaptation IMO -- it captures what makes the source material great and adds to it.
@Magicmew12 It emulates a lot of elements from the manga, but the direction makes it more dynamic than Togashi's storytelling in some ways.
Man, the action scenes are so well-directed. Lots of camera movement!
@Magicmew12 Which is funny because a lot of it is filler. I like the tendency to develop the characters even through original material.
Extroversion and introspection. 
dear god Hisoka is so fucking creepy in HXH99
Oh, the art style was REALLY great too. If Tsurumaki gets the chance to direct a full series after Rebuild, that style would be awesome.
Brilliant colour composition, great use of UPA-style minimalist backgrounds, and the frenetic direction you'd expect from Tsurumaki.
Tsurumaki's Animator Expo short was perfect, as expected. Loved the post-credits FLCL homage.
What kind of watch do you wear? —  
I'll give it another episode since three episodes is my standard.
I still don't find it funny at all, though.
Well, it had more animation than last week. That's... something... I guess.
Lemme see if I can stomach more Ninja Slayer or if I can just wait for the "real show," assuming it exists.
I love how Big Blue is designed to play like F-Zero.
The new Mario Kart tracks are great.
Xenoblade Chronicles X Direct tomorrow. Release date HYPE!
Holy shit Luffy is becoming a Saiyan.
@br1anwuzhere @tamerlane420 fixed it
What are your issues with nisioisin's writing? — Partially answered this before: 
Also THANK GOD THE NEW BLOODBORNE UPDATE CUTS DOWN LOADING TIMES
Ooh, SE is holding their own E3 press conference. I smell FFXV info!
@MightyDesperado I'll keep at it for awhile longer. It doesn't seem like something I'll end up hating; just something that disappoints me.
@bobbierob The camera in Ep. 1 begs to differ.
I'll HXH and idol some more tomorrow night. Almost caught up with Steven Universe, so let's see how much farther I can get.
@tamerlane420 I figure I'll just re-watch K-On with my brother since he just got to S2.
@tamerlane420 Still, the direction itself is pretty great. It's just what's contained within and between those shots that's bugging me.
@tamerlane420 I could tell. It doesn't seem like there's a lot of growth to be had here.
There's definitely a disparity between this and an honest coming-of-age series made mostly by women.
I'll keep with it for now. I just think maybe I expected too much coming off of K-On a few months ago.
On the other hand, the content itself isn't really my thing. It's pretty much Voyeuristic Scopophilia: The Anime.
I'm conflicted. The direction is REALLY GOOD and the directorial staff inspires a lot of confidence (Takao and Ep. 4 is SB'd by Tsurumaki!)
Okay, nevermind, the camera has a face.
All the guys are faceless. Please tell me this is self-aware.
The "male character" is only ever represented by a camera, so I'm inclined to think this is more self-aware than it lets on.
this show is exactly what Laura Mulvey talked about and I don't know how to feel about that
@tamerlane420 Nope, one of the main reasons I couldn't even finish the second novel. Don't know how I even got through the first.
Ep. 1 is directed by Atsushi Nishigori, who's worked heavily with Tsurumaki, and it shows. 
Five minutes in: super interesting direction and I love the bouncy, loose, Golden Age thing the animation has going on.
Time to see how cute the cute idols are.
@Jexhius lmao
What's wrong with Yonebayashi? — He's not a good director. Arrietty was a slideshow with no purpose to any of it... 
Idols in, like... a couple of hours, I guess. I have to work on A SECRET PROJECT.
Still, a very good anime with some genuinely funny scenes.
We need more KareKano-style shows that actually chart the growth of a romantic relationship; not just the blossoming of one.
Though if there's one thing I can criticize, it's the continuing tendency for romance anime to tease the audience instead of developing shit
Nozaki was so fucking cute.
Miyazaki: Anno was a mistake 
@Patrick_MFNT jesus christ
Still not too interested in seeing it because lolYonebayashi, but it's nice to know it's playing here.
@wendeego Kaine is super cool though and I personally like hearing Laura Bailey constantly swear.
Time to finish Nozaki and then start idols.
@CapriGenesis No idea. All I remember is when Nintendo re-posted the link on social media and wrote "Vote for your fav. Nintendo character."
@CapriGenesis Ridley's likely to be one of the top choices, though.
@CapriGenesis And I could see multiple characters being selected rather than just one.
@CapriGenesis I mean, Nintendo implied they're only gonna count entries for actual Nintendo characters.
Sakurai pls: Roy, Ryu, Chorus Kids, Isaac/Felix, Wonder Red
@CapriGenesis The theory is Stage DLC will be included with characters, starting with Miiverse coming with the Lucas patch (for free).
@Patrick_MFNT Depends on who you ask.
Sakurai's planning "as much Smash DLC as possible." I'm surprisingly okay with this. Anything to extend the game's lifespan.
@Patrick_MFNT Don't those adjectives describe every subway station?
I can't tell if this is a joke or not.
There's a guy in the subway station walking like a typical 1950s thug, blasting Crawling in My Skin from his phone.
SNOW

AT THE END OF APRIL

FUCK YOU CANADA
The Ico-Silent Hill connection is really interesting and something I noted when I first heard the Silent Hill theme.
This is great: 
why am I just learning now that "2nd key animation" is just the anime term for cleanups

I've been so confused up to this point
What is your favorite scent? — I'll let Arianna answer this question:

"Oh my, what a queer scent... But I'd tak... 
@kaisoserranon @ABCBTom Huh. Well there you go.
@ABCBTom I'm pretty sure Euphonium is a LN and Hyouka's a children's novel.
That was a great episode.
Also Euphonium has a great ED.
Their conflicts are intrinsically tied to a physical place -- school.
The girls are in the background due to their disappointment, yet the ground leads up to them in a way.
Still, the cinematography is a lot better. I like how they're conflating character with place. 
There's not a great sense of tempo (the irony) and it seems a little... sporadic...?
If there's one bad thing I can say about this episode of Euphonium, I'm not a fan of the editing.
The teacher in Euphonium is nowhere near as strict and short-tempered as actual concert band instructors are.
Borders and boundaries. 
@bobbierob Well, I'll hopefully be getting to Im@s tonight, so...
@bobbierob If you're still procrastinating, do it now.
Something new and intimidating vs. something familiar and comforting. 
lol everyone's shitting on Star Ocean while praising Tales this is the sorry state of gaming
this show man 
Now to decide if I wanna cry over anthropomorphized gems or watch a movie.
From what my brother tells me, Steven Universe is just gonna make me more emotional from this point on. Ideological stoicism is dead.
@tamerlane420 Watanabe.
why is this show so cute 
Any horror films you like? — I'm not big on horror. I think the closest I've come to one is Coraline. Though I'v... 
@CapriGenesis Not only is it a great movie, but it's pretty much 100% visual storytelling so it's good for getting a feel for cinematography
@CapriGenesis If you're interested and haven't seen it already, check out Paul Thomas Anderson's The Master.
@CapriGenesis Well, in this case it is. But it's a shounen, so I don't think you can expect Fincher levels of subtlety.
@le_BienAime @br1anwuzhere I'll take it. :P
@le_BienAime @br1anwuzhere (Unless that was intended for Brian in which case I 100% agree.)
@le_BienAime @br1anwuzhere Wow, I don't know if I'm worthy of such praise, but thanks a lot! :D
@Lancelot492 ... despite framing her as closer to the "camera" due to her authority. Nice catch.
@Lancelot492 Effectively putting Menchi on the same proverbial plane as the Hunter candidates...
Twofold failure, exhibited by both the foreground and the background. Note colour contrast b/w depths + use of focus. 
@PortalBlast The old one. The tone is more in line with Togashi's original intent and the direction is A LOT better.

what the hell the audio quality just vastly improved between episodes (not that I'm complaining)
@theanimefighter I... actually have them on my hard drive. Oh jeez.
Do you wish Madhouse hadn't done a HxH adaption? — Nah, it's nice to have new HXH fans considering how underappr... 
Neon Gonesis Evangeleorio 
... but reflects scenes Togashi would later write into the Chimera Ant Arc which were removed from the 2011 adaptation.
What's interesting is how that sequence was absent from the manga...
If you ever wondered how different tonally HXH2011 is from the manga, here's your answer. 
Very Anno-esque.
Hard to express through screenshots, but Ep. 7 of HXH99 is employing jump cuts to get frenzy and disorientation across to the audience.
Have you ever seen Sofia Coppola's Marie Antoinette? ... — Nope. Haven't heard very good things and the only rea... 
I'm reading the DanMachi novel and actually enjoying it and I feel strange for it.
Tsurumakiiiiii
How do you prefer to travel? — Interdimensional portals or, alternatively, lamps which double as incense burners... 
Okay, I think it's time to drop World Trigger. Don't know why I keep reading all this shitty manga. ._.
Like, okay, you've got the basics, but calm down.
There's always that one guy who takes a single film class and fancies himself a theorist.
THE WORST EXAM IS OVER
@CapriGenesis Dear god no
I'm very proud of my notes for my film exam. 
@tamerlane420 Eh, fair enough. His stuff on our current artistic philosophy was very formative for me, so I'm willing to overlook that. :P
@tamerlane420 I've only read his theoretical stuff and a couple of short stories. I wouldn't know.
Take your top five favourite anime. If each of these ... — Oh. Okay. Based on the top 5 listed on my MAL, I gues... 
What do you love about David Wallace Foster's writing... — His style is the first thing that comes to mind. His ... 
@vestenet Very interesting implications for the Doll's consciousness and the creator's intent.
@vestenet I think it might be worthwhile to note the pattern inside the Blood Gem itself.
@nohbrows The one I made is based off of the "Lesser Amygdalas," though. Have fun: 
Suture theory: Kyousogiga
A way to integrate studying into procrastination.
Primary identification: Yuasa shows
Secondary identification: Mushi-Shi
@frog_kun My condolences. :(
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 I read that as "auteurism" god help me
@frog_kun Is the gameplay at least good?
@frog_kun tell your friend there's nothing of value to be found and he should move on with his life
@frog_kun why are you doing this
@nohbrows Ever seen the real thing? 
Tomodachiborne. Amygdala Life. Whatever. 
Started im@s yet? — I could start this instant if you're willing to do my film exam for me! :D 
@MilesExpress999 Aw man. I'll try my best!
@MilesExpress999 are you guys coming to Anime North and will you have those Shirobako posters this is important
@vestenet They turn them into less good things by comparison. Then again, I'm not finding anything this season to be super really good. :(
Do you wear any jewelry? —  
@vestenet By catching up with Steven Universe at the same time. AKA my situation.
I can't keep my attention on studying I'm so fucked
Hey, it's possible to like something AND talk about what's wrong with it. Discourse is important.
I'm assuming those two asks were because I simultaneously like BBB and KSG, yet am quick to point out their flaws.
Kind of funny as an observer ;) — I don't even know what prompted this, but okay, whatever. 
It seems like you get influenced so easily — lol sure 
@theanimefighter I've kind of stopped caring about JoJo to be honest. Until Part 4 at least.
@kadian1365 I'll send it again in a bit.
@kadian1365 If you publish it, correct the final word in the sentence to "experience!"
@kadian1365 Gah, I just sent my APR but made a mistake in my optional comment!
APR: Euphonium
BBB
Arslan
@nohbrows "Carsploitation" is a thing.
WHAT THE HELL DID THEY DO TO KUSANAGI'S CHARACTER
@br1anwuzhere @whemleh YO TSURUMAKI DIRECTED AN EPISODE I'M WATCHING THIS ASAP
@Novasylum Definitely. It's taking me an hour to get through this one episode and I'm playing 3DS while "watching."
@whemleh guh okay I'll add it to the list and get to it soon ._.
@Jexhius It's just that if IG wanted to make more GitS stuff, they shouldn't have gone with Ubukata. This is painful to watch.
@whemleh Another cute girl show is tempting. Is it safe to assume the direction is good enough to warrant a viewing?
@Don_Don_Kun ... is such a gorgeous conscious decision made in that episode. Really did a great job establishing theme.
@Don_Don_Kun The concept of home is integral to the series (and my studies) and the fact that she's at home...
@Don_Don_Kun More than that, the fact that it deals with a girl alone in an empty house hit me hardest.
@Jexhius I'm learning my lesson. I still want SAC 3rd Gig, though.
@whemleh Dealing with all the K-On stuff I wanna buy at the anime con I'm going to next month is hard enough as it is. :&lt;
@whemleh I'm not sure I want my life to go into a downward spiral of idol merch.
@Jexhius Because I figured I should as a GitS fan and now I'm suffering. :(
@Don_Don_Kun The whole series is so sincere, but that episode sticks out to me as coming from the most personal place.
@theanimefighter how are you still alive
guys I don't wanna watch GitS Arise anymore but I feel obligated to please help ;_;
@Don_Don_Kun ... gorgeous animation, and narrative resonance. It's that one episode that comes with every series that I can't forget.
@Don_Don_Kun Ep. 2 in particular is just this amazing culmination of cinematic prowess (both in terms of semiotics and experimentation)...
@Novasylum But if you're interested, I won't stop you. The Tsurumaki inspiration early-on is definitely worth revisiting.
@Novasylum The problem is that it didn't evolve. It's the exact same thing, just with better animation. :/
On the topic of Rie Matsumoto, Ep. 2 of Kyousogiga is forever her best work.
@nohbrows Yup. There are a number of "-sploitation" terms to refer to exploitation cinema. It gets quite funny.
@Novasylum They're the same as the first 3-4 episodes. There's not much point unless you wanna see the show with a better budget/schedule.
@nohbrows It's an actual term used in film criticism, surprisingly!
@Novasylum ... but she experiments too much for the visuals to carry what the story lacks.
@Novasylum Yeah, it does fall a bit flat. It'd be another thing entirely if Matsumoto's direction were part of that narrative...
@Novasylum You're totally right about the story's structure being all off, but even then, it handles its themes remarkably.
@Novasylum I think Kyousogiga succeeds more as a thematic work than a purely story-driven one.
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 @Jexhius whoa let's not get carried away
@Jexhius I stand by my statement that DreamWorks doesn't care about animation as a medium and just makes money off of unassuming parents.
@Jexhius ... so the first one had sequences that looked genuinely awful and epitomize the problems with the abundance of CG these days.
@Jexhius Not to mention the animators at Dreamworks just aren't given the same resources as Disney's and Pixar's animators...
@Jexhius Yup, that's Dreamworks. I only saw the first HttYD, but oh man, it was a bit insulting on a cinematographic level.
You know the new GitS is bad when I actually WANT to study for my exam tomorrow instead of watch it.
@Jexhius Yeah, that sounds like Dreamworks to me.
@ABCBTom I mean, I still love the show, but you can't really deny the issues it's having. :/
@ABCBTom @Yuyucow @tamerlane420 Because it IS Rie Matsumoto and we expect better. :&lt;
Emma Watson was the best thing about the movie. I had heard bad things about it, but Sofia Coppola is one of my favourite directors. :/
... which I didn't during The Virgin Suicides, Lost in Translation, or Somewhere.
And while it was ultimately a commentary on voyeurism as it relates to stars, I felt a huge disconnect from it...
I get it -- the movie is self-indulgent because it's ABOUT self-indulgence.
It came off as her attempt to cash in on this "new wave," if you will, of teensploitation movies.
Watched The Bling Ring last night. Didn't feel like a Sofia Coppola movie and as a result, felt like something she didn't wanna make.
What are you expecting from the new season of "Game o... — My friend already spoiled the rest of the books for m... 
Best AI in Smash 4 to train against? — Level 7. AFAIK, it's considered the most human-like, plus Levels 8 and 9 ... 
@tamerlane420 Also the direction this week was lacking aside from one or two sequences. It felt very... safe. And boring by consequence.
@tamerlane420 I'm loving the show, but I can't deny that much. The action next week looks decent based on the preview, though.
Shinji Kimura putting in some work. The man knows how to craft atmosphere and tone. 
@frog_kun HAPPY BIRTHDAY (according to Ask.fm)
I was also unaware there were anime VAs in Steven Universe so that was a nice surprise.
NO ONE TOLD ME ABOUT LION 3: STRAIGHT TO VIDEO I WAS CRYING SO MUCH ;_;
@capothotep @Magicmew12 The struggle is real. :(
@capothotep @Magicmew12 His character arc isn't over yet, but it's totally going that way.
@capothotep ... instead of flat-out stupidity.
@capothotep Well, if it's any consolation, Gon acts like kid Goku; not adult Goku. You get a lot of innocence and naivete...
@capothotep Keep in mind HXH is a commentary on the shounen demographic. And I like Dragon Ball. :P
@tamerlane420 Yeah, the manga built up to it too. The Hunter Exam in the manga and '99 has this pervasive sense of antagonism to it.
@tamerlane420 Based on that OST alone, I could tell why. Tense as fuck.
@tamerlane420 Holy shit it's Castlevania.
@tamerlane420 So true. It all sounds like really good '90s JRPG stuff.
... while in 2011, he felt kind of like a caricature of Goku. Which is funny considering Goku is a caricature himself.
Most importantly, Gon is modeled off of Goku. His demeanor and personality are EXACTLY like Goku's in HXH99...
For example, Hisoka is modeled off of Dio, Knuckle is modeled off of Kuwabara, Meruem is modeled off of Cell.
Togashi has talked about how certain HXH characters are meant to be analogues of characters from other shounen.
In short: he acts and reacts a LOT like Goku. If we're gonna talk about authorial intent, this is the time to do so.
One super important thing HXH99 excels at in terms of characterization is Gon's character writing specifically.
As a side note: Ohayo&gt;Departure
Great match cut that reverses the characters' roles between shots. 
(Quality is quite bad; my apologies.)
Characterization and visual storytelling as it's meant to be. 
Smash mains over the years? — I went over this before, but since my Smash 4 roster has been all over the place, ... 
Who is the best movie villain? — Does Walter White count? Breaking Bad should count. :( 
@Di_Dorval Game prices are getting out of hand. There's really no reason to buy them at launch with these prices. :/
The place I get all my games at is an independent retailer, so they still sell games for $60 new, but this is still bullshit.
oh my god game prices over here are going up to $80 ._.
@br1anwuzhere My sense of humour is off today. I blame NS.
@br1anwuzhere I mean, this kind of plot device has been around for thousands of years. &gt;_&gt;
@br1anwuzhere Wait... people are serious about the comparisons?
Roy further confirmed: 
I don't like Tadokoro's voice. :/
New Kakyoin is here.
But yeah, please watch The Triplets of Belleville if you've never seen it.
At the same time, it showed how both are kind of reliant on one another. Film is art, but oftentimes, it's a commodity first and foremost.
Of note, to me at least, was how the film used cinema. It drew a line between commercial filmmaking and art.
Not to mention the character animation is beyond belief. Expressive in such a unique and fluid way.
Of note are the movie posters you'll see in the background: Les Vacances de M. Hulot, Gertie the Dinosaur, parodies of Disney posters.
The whole film is a love letter to early cinema, ranging from vaudeville to Buster Keaton, with some early Iwerks and Freleng infused.
Forgot to mention I re-watched The Triplets of Belleville last night and if you haven't seen it, you should. Sylvain Chomet is a genius.
goddammit Funi ;_____; 
@whemleh The biggest surprise was that it's nowhere near as skeevy as I thought it would be... though I'm only ~50 pages in.
@whemleh I'm reading the novel right now and... I know what you mean. &gt;_&gt;
@tamerlane420 To be fair, there's a lot of online Flash animation that's half-decent. It's just that NS isn't like one of those.
oh my god I can't stand "gamers"
@tamerlane420 The justifications I'm seeing in my aniclub's FB group are hilarious and I'm just being an asshole and disproving them all.
I'm just hoping the Lovecraftian undertones that were present in the first season become a regular thematic device across all seasons.
I'm a week late, but I finally saw the trailer for the new season of True Detective. The cinematography looks expectedly gorgeous.
What are your practicing methods in Smash? — Combo setups in Vs. mode since the knockback trajectories are diffe... 
@vestenet I beat Gascoigne on my first try in NG+. He was hell during my first playthrough.
I'm honestly enjoying practicing with Mewtwo enough to guess my June roster is gonna be ZSS, Lucas, Mewtwo, and RosaLuma.
Played some post-patch Greninja. Still doesn't feel as good as he did in the original release. :/
@CapriGenesis I'm an insane completionist. I'll be going back to Bleach too once it's done. :/
Titan is dropped for now. Might come back to it in the future, but I'm reading too much ongoing stuff to bother with this shit.
I like how Eren develops as a character very slightly and then quickly regresses to the way he was at the beginning of the series.
Another month, another chapter where nothing happened. I have no clue why I'm still following this series. ._.
Time to complain about Attack on Titan again and possibly drop it.
What is your kind of humor? — Situational comedy, mainly. Not really a fan of wacky/random stuff. I'm on a list ... 
Everyone's talking about Ninja Slayer over Moyoco Anno's amazing Animator Expo short. :(
The snowman melts as tea is poured into a spinning cup, and a bud sprouts from the leftover carrot. The cup turns, just as the seasons.
I also love how it was thematically tied together by the central focus of the winter segment: a spinning cup.
... and how the summer sequence was predicated on synchronicity between the visuals and the sounds.
I really liked the nods to Golden Age animation with how Ochibi interacted with the "animator..."
The Diary of Ochibi was incredible. Brilliant stop motion work and sheer creativity throughout.
OH MY GOD THIS IS SO ADORABLE
I'm assuming Moyoco Anno's Animator Expo short will make everything better.
@Magicmew12 YOOOOOOO
So with Lupin in limbo, I can safely say Steven Universe is better than this season of anime.
Totally not my style of humour. Which I should have figured since I've never been one for Adult Swim shows to begin with.
I feel like people are more enamored with the idea of a show like this existing than with the show itself.
Uhh... yeah, I didn't like that.
@aMainCharacter Man, it's so great. But I understand. :(
Immediately, I'm greeted by a 4:3 aspect ratio. Whatever you say, Trigger.
Ninja Slayer time. Haven't seen Inferno Cop, so let's see if I find this entertaining.
@aMainCharacter Duuude, make the time for it! D:
@Magicmew12 (e.g., Steven Universe, Over the Garden Wall, Regular Show)
@Magicmew12 (One interesting thing is how primetime animation is becoming obsolete due to shows aiming to appeal to all age groups.)
@Magicmew12 :(
Gracias Joey! Here's a token of my gratitude: 
No one seems to know you can interrupt the Blood-Starved Beast's poison charge thing.
Thanks! What about post-irony? I hear it's linked to ... — As far as I know, post-irony is basically just an adj... 
Ever watch musical movies like The Sound of Music or ... — Not often. Aside from Disney movies, I think the last... 
Would you watch an ironic postmodern Star Wars with sick sakuga action, directed by t... — That sounds like a mess. 
Goddammit Joey I mean what's the best place for BBB s... — Funimation, I guess. I've only seen the official subs... 
any opinions on original trilogy? prequels? new trailer? — Not really a fan of the series in general. I've only ... 
S T A R W A R S
go — what 
What's the best place? — ... Strawberry Fields? 
BBB subs? — What about them? 
What is postmodern irony? Could you give me examples? — Irony is used in postmodernism in two ways -- either to ... 
no comment 
@CapriGenesis FLCL is truth incarnate.
@Don_Don_Kun I follow competitive Smash and have participated in a couple of tournaments so far. I'm decent, but not great. :P
@Don_Don_Kun It might have to wait till next week since I have an exam on Monday, but I'm down!
wats a sakuga twitter — 
What's up with ghost in the shell? — Ubukata. 
@Don_Don_Kun All right, I'll add you right now!
@CapriGenesis Everyone's excited for Roy... until he comes out.
oh my god his N-air stunlocks the opponent

I love this
What anime have you seen this season and what are you... — Arslan: I like the setting and it seems cool.
Unlimit... 
Wow I can't believe I'm enjoying Mewtwo this much. Undoubtedly better than he was in Melee.
Not criticizing you at all, was just wondering if you... — Not really. I find most of the criticisms to come out... 
What do you think of John Carpenter? — Haven't seen any of his films. 
Do you think Inside Out will be good? — I honestly don't even know. I've lost so much faith in Pixar that I don'... 
I feel like sakuga twitter gets really circlejerky and it's annoying — Okay. 
Man frozen needed a better art direction to stick wit... — Fair enough -- it definitely sticks close to the Disn... 
I could see myself adding him to my roster!
Yo, Mewtwo's not bad. I don't know what people are talking about. o.o
Do you read HULK pieces? if yes whats your thoughts o... — Yup. I thought it was very insightful and captured th... 
Do you think your opinions are often contrary to what... — Not necessarily. When it comes to anime, aniTwitter p... 
Potential Smash movie??????!!!!!!!
Is the directing in Avengers bad? — It's... serviceable...? I mean, my expectations are different going into pop... 
My brother keeps asking me all these spoiler-ish Kyousogiga questions and I keep replying with "JUST KEEP WATCHING."
*in Reyn's voice* NOW IT'S MEWTWO TIME
Which movie do you think is overrated? — Too many to list. But among them:

Synecdoche, New York
The Dark Knight... 
@gemonsw The only downside is he's beginning his Japanophile/weeb phase. Which I'm talking him out of.
@CapriGenesis Steven Universe has a face for every situation.
My brother loves Kyousogiga. It's official -- I'm a success.
Finally got my Mewtwo code after a call to Nintendo. :'D
1. Ishizuka Katsumi (Noboru's design)
2. Shida (Sato)
3. TNK (Tate)
4. 3dcgi model 
Holy shit: 
I'm assuming LWA2 is gonna look incredible with how they lied to us about Ninja Slayer.
@tamerlane420 That's disappointing. I might check out Ep. 1 when it's up, but... eh. :(
@tamerlane420 So would you say it's safe to skip it for now?
@tamerlane420 Oh wow, fuck that then. This season's pretty shitty. :/
@wendeego HAPPY BIRTHDAY
@tamerlane420 Wait, what?
Honestly expected to wake up to a Mewtwo code. Guess I'm calling Nintendo tonight.
I'll be buying all the DLC either way. :&lt;
I guess I shouldn't complain. I'm getting my Brawl/PM main back in June and Chorus Kids still have a chance because of the Smash Ballot.
It's just that considering the current DLC plans, chances are he'd be a Marth clone once again.
... but I honestly have no clue who'd want Roy back. If he's 100% different from Marth and Lucina, maybe I could get excited.
I get that they're trying to cash in on the Melee hype considering the competitive scene's resurgence...
Still, though, Smash 4 has four Fire Emblem reps and wayyy too many sword characters as it is.
Could be that Roy is being thrown together quickly to tide us over while they work on the Smash Ballot character in the fall.
Well, it's happening. I think I can get behind Ryu. I don't understand the logic behind Roy, though.
I also wanna get DK64 on the Virtual Console today Nintendo please
still waiting for Mewtwo
... '99 is already superior in every way.)
(Starting this adaptation actually made me lower my MAL score of 2011. In terms of both an adaptation and a work of cinema...
So far, it's even better in some ways. So happy I decided to watch it!
I'm in love with HXH99. Dare I say it might be as good as the manga?
Interesting use of a Golden Age technique to indicate focus rather than one traditionally used in anime. 
Kurapika is being shown as wary, cautious, and smart through little observations and comments he makes.
It's also doing a very good job of slowly building up everyone else's characterizations.
oh my god Leorio is fighting a rhino
... especially during the Hunter Exam Arc. Togashi doesn't really just write shit for filler.
The absence of Kite from the beginning of 2011 was pretty detrimental to Gon's characterization...
HXH99 is doing an amazing job of keeping up with the beginnings of Gon's characterization: "A good hunter is loved by animals."
The 2011 version had a hard time with Leorio. In particular they seemed afraid to exaggerate his expressions as much as Togashi did.
The real Leorio. 
I should have picked up the HXH99 DVD sets when they were still in print/circulation. :/
This show plays with perspective a lot. 
Gonna keep screenshot spam limited to stuff that REALLY sticks out as incredible, but those are my first impressions.
I can't recall the 2011 version ever making me as emotional as the manga did, and '99 did it in the first episode alone.
There's this pervasive somber tone to everything -- exactly like the manga.
That's not to mention how great the music is. It sounds like really good PS1 JRPG stuff.
The story is likely gonna be much better for the changes too, as Togashi's not always the best with pacing.
There are already a lot of changes from the manga, but they're all in keeping with Togashi's style and intent.
The north star always leads home. 
HXH99 01: Loved ones lost and found. 
@capothotep @whemleh I can't wait another 5-10 years until people start parodying his new art style.
@capothotep @whemleh It started midway through Vento Aureo, but the way it's drawn there is definitely early Stone Ocean.
I guess I'm not getting Mewtwo today. ;_;
@whemleh Nah, that shading and perspective is totally riffing on Araki.
Trying to find decent lighting arrangements for filming is hell.
still no Mewtwo code god help me
oh god the Hintertomb Chalice Dungeon is Blighttown all over again
@br1anwuzhere Araki doesn't know when to stop.
@br1anwuzhere This one is amazing: 
Okay, Nintendo, seriously, don't make me study.
I should probably get to the YYH movies soon too.
Gonna try to start Hunter X Hunter '99 proper tonight. I've only seen the first episode in the past and it's already better than 2011.
I don't know why self-awareness is considered a good thing. It's so pervasive that 90% of "self-aware" material doesn't know how to use it.
@Don_Don_Kun Wii U. Can't do without my GameCube controller.
@Don_Don_Kun Just send me your NNID!
@Don_Don_Kun Both great choices! And I'll likely be foregoing studying and playing tonight after I get my Mewtwo code.
@Don_Don_Kun Yeah, same. I haven't been able to settle on mains aside from ZSS in Sm4sh because balance patches always confuse me.
@Don_Don_Kun Which is to say it's still a HUGE improvement and good enough to make him more viable!
@Don_Don_Kun Not exactly. His D-air is faster and F-air was reverted to pre-nerf %, and apparently his U-air was buffed too.
For June, I'm aiming for my roster to be ZSS, Greninja, Lucas, RosaLuma.
I'm hoping Greninja's now good enough for me to main him again. Can't get good with Sheik no matter how much I play her.
Looks like I was right about Ganondorf and Greninja (YESSSS) getting buffed, though!
Also, I'm not too keen on Roy and Ryu being upcoming DLC. I'd rather have a crazy original Newcomer. Like Chorus Kids. :&lt;
I STILL DON'T HAVE MY MEWTWO CODE
@vestenet Sadly no. I think people are too freaked out by its implications. "Shake off cape" is everywhere, though.
HOO-HA IS GONE

THE (DIDDY) KONG IS DEAD LONG LIVE THE (DONKEY) KONG
"Ah, Kos, or some say Kosm... Do you hear our prayers? As you once did for the vacuous Rom, grant us eyes. Grant us eyes."
Man, Star Ocean 5 looks sooooo good.
I can't believe I just now made the connection that the Nowhere Islands are possibly named after Nowhere Man.
@TyrantFrost Sakurai for Evo 2015.
@TyrantFrost Gotta keep in mind he's working on Lucas and a third DLC character.
@TyrantFrost That would solve the problem too but is unfortunately more work and makes less sense to Sakurai. :/
Prepared to be wrong when Greninja gets nerfed for absolutely no reason for the third time.
Pre-patch predictions: Diddy dies; ZSS, Ness nerfed; Lucina, WFT, Ganondorf, Greninja (PLEASE) buffed.
Now to live out the rest of my meager existence waiting for my Mewtwo DLC code e-mail from Club Nintendo.
@nohbrows THE BEST STEVEN FACE
And before I forget: Dark Tournament&gt;Spirit Detective&gt;Three Kings&gt;Chapter Black
YYH has stuck with me through a huge chunk of my life so far, so I'm happy to finally see how it ended. Such a great series.
Togashi at his best in terms of character writing and though the series was all but cancelled, the ending somehow didn't feel rushed.
Welp, after years of having the show on hold, I'm finally done Yu Yu Hakusho. One of the best shounen ever created.
There's a lack of background music, shots that just linger, and a focus on the calm after the storm. Very cinema verite.
The final episode of YYH is brilliant. It's directed completely unlike the rest of the series.
The final three episodes of Yu Yu Hakusho have some pretty kickass direction.
What do you look forward to most this year? — Anime North should be pretty hype. Also this upcoming school year,... 
I can't wait to watch Ninja Slayer. Already looks so much more visually interesting than KLK did.
I love that little trick they pull by using an extreme close-up to make it seem like they're betraying the 180 degree rule.
If only the whole thing was done like this one scene, we'd be golden. 
Coming off of K-On and a Hyouka re-watch, the lack of willingness to experiment is very disappointing, but it's a cute show nonetheless.
Hey, I'm actually liking Euphonium now!
This week's episode is much better so far. It's pretty standard cinematographically, but my eyes aren't being strained this week.
Time to see if Euphonium doesn't give me a headache this week.
I was expecting something more grounded in realism, but I'm interested to see where this goes.
Started reading Oshimi's new series, Happiness. Super strange with crazy art and an intriguing premise.
It's been years. You'd think people would have learned by now.
Why do people keep reposting Naruto vs. Pain everywhere as an example of "quality" when it's genuinely well-animated? ._.
@bobbierob Rob I've got news for you...
Those comments are fucking disgusting too. Jesus Christ these people.
@vestenet Proper nouns make everything more imposing.
@vestenet Fuck those guys too. Especially in the Upper Cathedral Ward.
lmao who the fuck is Devin Faraci and why should I care about his fucking stupid ideas
@vestenet Get rid of your Insight.
@wendeego Same guy who did the character designs for Power Stone. HYPE.
Mewtwo tomorrow ALONG WITH THE DEATH OF DIDDY KONG
@wendeego With a decent art style this time!
STAR OCEAN 5 AAAAAAAAAAAA
@CapriGenesis Was scrolling up on my phone, so I didn't see it at first. :P
@CapriGenesis HXH.
So Trigun Maximum anime when?
@ABCBTom Noted.
@ABCBTom Thanks! :P
@ABCBTom The first volume is sold out anyway. I'll just drop by a few bookstores while I'm out tomorrow, I guess.
@ABCBTom Even in Canada? D:
Although quite a few volumes are sold out on the Canadian Amazon. I'm a little surprised, to be honest.
I ordered from Amazon earlier. I should have gotten a couple of volumes of BBB with the novels I bought. :(
Seven episodes of Yu Yu Hakusho left. Gonna try to finish it tomorrow night. This has certainly been a journey.
OH MY FUCKING GOD HAHAHAHAHA
#DD空上クソコラグランプリ
猿コラはこれで最後になると思います。
いままでリツイ、ファボってくれた方々ありがとうございました！ 
This game is cute. I like it.
This translation isn't great, but I don't think I expected it to be. :/
Recommended Smash reading: 
So far, Trails of Nayuta has great music.
So, the dude was a great technician? Noice. What abou... — Expectedly brilliant as well. Though you have to take... 
Time to try Trails of Nayuta now that the English patch is pretty much done.
@Shinmaru You don't know the half of it yet!
Dragon Ball Xenoverse is pretty damn hard AND I suck at it. :(
Thoughts on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead? — Haven't seen it. 
I don't necessarily agree with all his theories, but regardless, there's a lot of great inferences and theories there.
Great Bloodborne lore write-up by Rich Stanton, full of spoilers: 
(Notably, this is a potential connection to Dark Souls, as the Chalice Dungeons are confirmed to link to alternate dimensions.)
OH SHIT

FUCKING BLOODBORNE LORE MAN 50 HOURS LATER AND I'M STILL DISCOVERING CRAZY SHIT
What do you think of Stanley Kubrick? — Funny story: the only movie of his I've seen is Dr. Strangelove, but I k... 
@nohbrows Plus a lot of the film courses are more generalized than the English ones. Stuff on genre and mode over specific cinemas/directors
@nohbrows My school has you take three required film courses, one for each of your first three years, so that doesn't help.
@nohbrows To an extent. I really like the diversity of books I've gotten to read in English classes since they're more focused.
@nohbrows Yeah. I avoided writing about Nabokov in first year because I knew I'd be tempted to talk about all his references/inspirations.
@nohbrows The only problem with this is that the films students watch are very limited in scope.
@nohbrows ... unless you take a specialized course (e.g., cinematography) or a seminar.
@nohbrows Modern academia remedies this by (at least in my case) having, undergraduate students write through the lens of auteur theory...
@nohbrows Due to how industries are key to film production, stuff like that is pretty important to film theory. I don't blame you, though!
@nohbrows A surprising amount of film theory is sociology/psychology which writers like Metz and Mulvey later applied to film specifically.
@nohbrows He becomes integral when looking at national cinemas, especially those of Cuba and Brazil.
@nohbrows Which is kind of a way to describe art as a whole too. Criticism is difficult because of all of these terms/boxes.
@nohbrows Shameless self-promotion, but if you're interested, a list of some film theory that could change your mind: 
@nohbrows A lot of film theory argues otherwise. Especially Barthes. Which is funny considering he's Mr. Semiotics.
@nohbrows A lot of films are meant to be looked at through a cinematic lens (looking at you, European arthouse) but are still called "texts"
@nohbrows Well, it kind of depends on how you define "text." My understanding is that it's just a descriptor for art as a whole.
@nohbrows Of course -- all art is text. Methods of reading completely vary by medium, however. Medium-specificity is central.
@nohbrows Yeah, of course. A lot of the stuff on BBB I'm seeing understands the fundamentals of cinematography, but gets so much wrong.
@nohbrows AniTwitter as a whole has an aptitude for literary readings, and that's great, but it gets grating when I see Yuasa read as Proust
@nohbrows ... and quickly found that I didn't understand or even appreciate a lot of films. Until I learned about film theory, at least.
@nohbrows As you should be. Since I study both, I started out criticizing all cinematic material as I would literature...
@nohbrows And that's the problem. Reading film is completely different.
But there's no real reason to read into blocking, framing, or shot composition.
There are thematic trends, such as the use of reflections since this is a story about magic eyes.
Matsumoto's work on BBB thus far is simply style, and the show is all the better for it. Nothing to read into; just pretty pictures.
... half the time you'll get meaningful shots, and the other half, you'll get experimentation.
But Matsumoto operates in very different terms, similar to Tsurumaki (as should be obvious at this point)...
There are shows where the former method of reading is necessary -- Mushi-Shi, Utena, Evangelion.
The beautiful thing about cinema is that style is also often substance. The two aren't mutually exclusive.
A lot of the time, especially in animation, style is simply style. And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.
It's like there's this mentality that a work of art isn't of any value unless semiotics factor into the equation.
I don't know why a lot of aniTwitter finds the need to scrutinize and squeeze out some sort of semiotic meaning from EVERY image.
So speaking about BBB for a second -- and I'm not talking about any one person specifically here --
I haven't touched neither my PS3 nor my Vita in months, so it seems kind of pointless either way.
do I get Atelier Shallie on PS3 or wait for the inevitable Vita version
What was the last song you sang out loud to? — 
That was weird.
I missed this week's Animator Expo short too. Wow. I'll get on that immediately.
That first Arise arc was shit and I don't expect the others to be any better. I guess this means I can skip the movies, though.
I don't think Ubukata understands the concept of a Ghost...
Oh, and another thing is how they're referring to The Wizard of Oz every few minutes. We fucking get it. Holy shit.
TL;DR: GitS Arise sucks.
Honestly, what's the point of POINTING OUT references to one of the most famous stories in history? It seems insulting to the audience.
SAC simply presents Salinger references: a baseball glove, "The Secret Goldfish," "Go See Bananafish."
GitS is just piling on the Wizard of Oz references and explicitly telling the audience, "Guys, we're referring to Baum here."
Arslan is still super cool.
oh no why is there another GitS episode out don't make me do this ;_;
YOU CAN TAME A RATHIAN

HOLY SHIT
WHAT 
On another note, I got my brother to start watching Kyousogiga alongside S2 of K-On. Too much? Or not enough?
@Don_Don_Kun Ooh, if that gets approved, I'll definitely be coming to that. Good to know someone knowledgeable will be hosting!
@Don_Don_Kun And definitely drop by, it would be cool to see you there!
@Don_Don_Kun Yup, I make it a note to promote my Canadian-ness at any given opportunity. :P
... if you happen to be at AN for whatever reason, you can listen to me and a few friends talk about Dandy.
The other panel ideas fell through, but this one's confirmed at this point so...
Welp, looks like I'm co-hosting the Space Dandy panel at Anime North.
lol I forgot UBW exists
@tamerlane420 Space Dandy S3? :&lt;
@tamerlane420 I can concede that much. I love the show, but no one so far is as cool as anyone in Trigun.
@tamerlane420 The Tsurumaki directorial style though.
@Jexhius The overhead shots are likely due to the manga. Nightow loves drawing those.
my life can currently be summed up in three words: Bloodborne Blockade Battlefront
Anybody else think this dude looks quite a bit like Naota? 
no one believed me when I said Nightow and Matsumoto would make a good team

WELL HOW DOES IT FEEL
Just like Nightow, Kato's style lines up extremely well with Matsumoto's.
Based on the manga, if there's ever a Brotherhood-style reboot of Blue Exorcist, Matsumoto should totally be the one to do it.
@br1anwuzhere awww yeah more FLCL-influenced goodness
JUST LET RIE MATSUMOTO DIRECT EVERY SHOUNEN FROM NOW ON
BBB ANIME OF THE YEAR HOLY FUCK THAT WAS A GREAT EPISODE
I freaked out over how Kyousogiga took notes from Tsurumaki, but BBB is pulling it off even better.
... heavy use of wide-angle close-ups, asynchronicity between the visual and the aural, heavy use of exaggeration.
I might as well take screenshots since I'm interrupting the show anyway, but...
There's so much more FLCL here than there was in Kyousogiga. Which is a good thing in my eyes.
MY GOD THESE JUMP CUTS

THE WIDE-ANGLE LENS

THIS SHOW IS GREAT
@whemleh YESSS THANK YOU
fuck still no BBB Ep. 2 ;_;
Yup, Food Wars' manga is still better than the anime.
I guess I'll watch Food Wars while waiting for Ep. 2 of BBB. ._.

I didn't really pay attention to the music during that fight because it's unbelievably difficult, but jeez, it's gorgeous.
Goddamn, Bloodborne's music is fucking amazing.
It's Saturday! What are you doing today? — Studying.

who am I kidding I'm gonna procrastinate by playing Bloodb... 
Why Cars on the bottom? — Because it's Pixar's worst movie and one of the two of theirs I'd venture to call bad.... 
yesssss Ramza's in the new Dissidia :D
Any thoughts on the directing in the JoJo anime? — It's serviceable. It's really nothing special since it's hone... 
Dunno if you've already done this, but Pixar ranking? — Haven't seen Cars 2, nor do I plan to, but here:

WALL-E... 
Like Castlevania? — I haven't played too many, but yeah, I've enjoyed what I've played. 
@TyrantFrost Really fucked up gross comments about autism: 
lol okay fuck Ken Levine wow
Ubukata is writing the new movie too?! FUCK.
But yeah, Alternative Architecture is awful. Why couldn't we have just gotten SAC 3rd Gig?
oh okay it looks like he copy-pasted the plot of Ep. 4 of Arise onto Psycho-Pass 2

this is gonna be... something
@appropriant SAC was a lot more predicated on "show; don't tell," even if it wasn't always perfect in how it went about it.
@appropriant Yeah, the movies definitely did, but I feel the direction at least made up for that aspect of the writing.
This is not how you write themes. I can't believe how pervasive this kind of writing is these days.
Hey, guess what -- SAC asked the same question. Without, y'know, actually having a character verbalize it.
ughhhhhhhhhhhhh of course you OUTRIGHT ASK THE QUESTION TO THE AUDIENCE 
@vestenet aww yeah Cainhurst is awesome enjoy the boss
SAC 2nd Gig was effective because it SHOWED the refugee crisis. Simply talking about a lack of clean water does nothing.
Episode one and we're already breaking the cardinal rule of "show; don't tell."
(Yes, it's seriously taking me an hour to get through this episode.)
Even this comedy is completely unlike GitS. Wow.
... and not dig any deeper. Brilliant.
The problem here is that they'll use this insofar as the idea of humanity/a heart goes wrt cyberpunk...
I was okay with the Salinger in SAC because the show ended up sharing themes with Salinger's writing.
yup here we go with the literary references that ultimately amount to nothing 
This is NOT Ghost in the Shell. What the fuck?!
SINCE WHEN IS THE MAJOR SOLID SNAKE
definitely the same dude who wrote Psycho-Pass 2
lol this is dumb
Direction so far: not too great.
Arise is all over the place, jumping from cuts filled with warm hues to ones that feel cold and sterile.
GitS had been identifiable partly due to its colour composition -- lots of cool colours to fit in with an urban setting.
Another thing that's bothering me is a lack of visual identity. Let me explain.
... it still felt grounded in some version of modernity. Arise, so far, is a bit alienating.
What I loved about the movies and SAC was how, despite the robot spider tanks and cybernetics...
Wow, Arise is very different technologically from the other GitS iterations.
Okay, let's see how GitS turned out I guess.
YOU CAN STAGGER THE CHURCH GIANTS?! THIS HELPS SO MUCH.
@tamerlane420 @Don_Don_Kun I'm more partial to Digital Devil Saga, but Nocturne is up there. One of the best for sure.
@tamerlane420 @Don_Don_Kun Definitely.
@Don_Don_Kun @tamerlane420 Matador... :(
@Don_Don_Kun @tamerlane420 I always find Press Turn to be really easy to exploit. :/
@tamerlane420 Moreso in a lot of cases, though Nocturne isn't as easy to grind out as the Persona games.
I didn't get Djura's equipment in my first Bloodborne playthrough, but I want that Stake Driver so badly.
I like how Oda always takes a week break after the best goddamn cliffhangers. :(
ODA ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN HOLY SHIT
THAT NEW ONE PIECE CHAPTER

WHAT
Favorite gem and why. — I'm still catching up, so I haven't met any of the new Gems nor do I know much about Ste... 
Favourite song by City and Colour, and why? — Gah, I can't just choose one. I can list my favourite from each al... 
Aside from maybe BBB, but that's a matter of personal preference more than anything.
Steven Universe &gt; this season of anime
just give me more shounen and I'll be happy
eughhh I kinda don't wanna watch the new GitS
What's your favorite dessert? — cheesecakeeeeee 
@Novasylum Seasons 1-5 were all like this. Some of the best TV writing in history.
When are FFVI and Secret of Mana coming out on the Wii U eShop? ._.
... and white balance to make both dawn and dusk look bluish in hue. It's pretty much the kind of movie I want to shoot.
Some insane shot composition with very particular use of focus, naturalistic lighting...
Watched Hide Your Smiling Faces last night. EXTREMELY fucking depressing, but holy shit, some of the best cinematography I've seen recently.
Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan form...? I actually like the blue hair, but the name is awful.
@vestenet 
@vestenet I got one of the fat Chalice Dungeon guys stuck half-inside a wall earlier. I should have saved the screenshot. :(
Favorite Monster Hunter monster? — I'm still new to MH, so I only know a handful of monsters, but the Tigrex is ... 
The Three Kings Saga is so great.
Can't take screenshots, but Ep. 98 is amazingly directed. Lots of interesting angles and camera movement.
"Keiko, you know I love you, right?"

this fucking show man
Episode 97 of Yu Yu Hakusho. ;_;
@egglasses You might be interested in this awful news: 
Between both the industry and community being idiotic as fuck, no, games will never be considered art. Which is a fucking shame.
HOW FUCKING STUPID CAN YOU BE
"Guys, let's not preserve and protect a fledgling art form because preservation is piracy."
@tamerlane420 @ABCBTom what the fuck
@wendeego @whemleh It's legitimately a fantastic piece of cinema, animated or otherwise. The kneejerk is a little old at this point.
@wendeego LOL WHAT
It's alright Anon. Anyway, what are the other problem... — I can't seem to find it, but try to gain access to a ... 
no cuss club: 
What Reaganite stuff is Anon talking about? (sorry if... — Spielberg's and Lucas'. And their film's politics are... 
Spielberg/Lucas specifically. Not a question, just a ... — He generally liked their movies, right? I don't, and ... 
Can you give an example of an opinion(s) you agreed w... — He pretty much liked every movie I like. And he liked... 
What do you think of Roger Ebert? — The only film critic whose opinions I agreed with and trusted. He had some q... 
Okay, DBZ was a terrible example. Is there a show tha... — Attack on Titan, I guess...? Honestly, if it were jus... 
If a simpler show you enjoyed, like Dragon Ball Z, had prominent Reaganite themes, would you dislike it? — lmao 
What makes you like Pierrot Le Fou (bebop) so much? — It's well-animated, has awesome action scenes, and is one ... 
If you ignored the viewpoints presented in Lucas/Spie... — I'm not one for large-scale spectacle, so no, probabl... 
I just now noticed that when you pull off a backstab or a visceral attack in Bloodborne, you use your bare hand.
"his use of irony overshadows anything meaningful he ... — Yup. It's actually kind of my focus in school: 
Just gotta do the requisite research into item descriptions I've missed and complete the Chalice Dungeons. Don't wanna half-ass it.
Yeah, depending on how things go, I might do a big post on Bloodborne's lore in the next month or so.
On another note, every time someone now mentions dreams or nightmares, Bloodborne is my first thought. I need help.
there's so much thematic cohesion to everything and the title is such a great play on words for the main motifs of the narrative
holy shit reading into Bloodborne's lore, even after about fifty hours of playtime, continues to blow my mind
What highly influential artists/works do you dislike?... — I don't like Chuck Palahniuk. Shock value and all tha... 
Based on how S1 of Better Call Saul ended, the pacing is overall gonna be much quicker than Breaking Bad.
If the whole episode was directed as well as that sequence of shots, I'd have adored Euphonium.
What is it you hate about Jean-Luc Godard's films? — I guess you missed the memo -- I watched Pierrot le Fou a c... 
@br1anwuzhere Did you get screens of the sequence of shots where Kumiko is backlit against a window? That was gorgeous.
@br1anwuzhere It's pretty much just overexposure.
Blood Blockade Battlefront&gt;Arslan&gt;Euphonium&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Food Wars
Not gonna bet on GitS being too great based on what I've heard about Arise and Lupin is... god knows where, so...
I see. What makes it Nouvelle Vague then? — You'll have to forgive me since it's been years since I last saw the... 
@br1anwuzhere The title card was the best part of the episode. Love the on-film aesthetic. (I'm trying to be positive here).
How much do you like Pierrot le Fou (Bebop ep)? What ... — It's one of my top 5 episodes.

And it's not really f... 
The show would be 99x better if it were actually Whiplash.
They're seriously trying to establish the license as a kind of second Pokemon.
Not defending the decision, but people have to understand that Nintendo isn't localizing this as they did Xenoblade.
I love how someone said "the target audience will have familiarity with Japanese culture."

The target audience is kids.
So many people upset at the MC's name changing in Yo-kai Watch, as if it's a surprise.
Still no news on Lupin, huh? :(
I think we've waited long enough, KyoAni.
Can we just get a Hyouka S2/movie? ._.
The show also had a hard time establishing if it wanted to have a core conflict or not, so I'm really ambivalent toward its characters.
Didn't like Euphonium too much. Really strangely directed.
Okay, maybe the intro was just directed like that...? The episode itself seems fine so far.
I'm only three minutes in, and the show's use of focus is already very disruptive. Strange coming from Naoko Yamada.
I'm watching Euphonium and as good as each individual shot's composition is, they're playing with shakycam and depth of field WAY too much.
hmmmmmmmm (surprisingly not as hard to make in Photoshop as it looks) 
The more time that passes since finishing Shirobako, the more I love it.
@Aesdaishar @Magicmew12 why is everything Bloodborne
@vestenet Uhh wait till you see... I'll shut up now.
@theanimefighter @frog_kun @Deadlightanime Everyone is against me, man.
@frog_kun @Deadlightanime Fuck you guys, I need my badass action show for the season. :&lt;
@bobbierob My brother's helping me too so I should be good. If not, you teach me.
@bobbierob I've finally gotten coordinated enough to play with both hands so now I'm playing Castle in the Mist from Ico EXTREMELY slowly.
Learning piano in earnest has taught me how uncoordinated I really am.
YO THAT COULD ACTUALLY BE AMAZING
Who are Yuasa's major influences in world animation? — Ub Iwerks, Tex Avery, George Dunning, and Ladislas Starev... 
I'm getting more and more people to watch YYH. I feel so accomplished.
@HNAbasic Thanks!
@HNAbasic (I should be studying right now but we all know how that usually goes.)
@HNAbasic Exams.
@ABCBTom And thank god for that. Holy shit these people.
@ABCBTom ... what
@spike287 10. Luckily S2 is gonna be 13 episodes, though.
should I do it 
They also probably don't understand how environmental storytelling works considering it plays a bigger role in BB than the Souls games.
Okay, everyone in this thread I'm reading clearly skipped 90% of the item descriptions.
Is it safe to say these people have never heard of Lovecraft?
Wow there are so many people criticizing Bloodborne's story and lore because "lol aliens miyazaki is dumb"
I kind of wanna write about Bloodborne's endings and lore but I have an exam in exactly a week.
You should mention that Althusser, Baudrillard, Barth... — Yeah, a fair warning: there is a decent amount of fil... 
What do you think is the general theme of Cowboy Bebo... — Mortality, which I think is the central theme of Cham... 
Whats do you like about the Ganymede Elegy episode in... — Mainly the whole film noir aesthetic. It's one thing ... 
On another note, S1 of Better Call Saul ends tonight. ;_;
I found the Steven Universe episodes that hate Canada last night and I'm happy now.
This show is adorable.
So far, so cute.
Let's see how Nozaki is and if it will, in fact, grant me luck on my exams.
I can't wait until we start maligning Lacan's mirror phase.
@Magicmew12 the only real auteur tbh
Amended: 
What are some books on film that you'd recommend? — I can't pick out books specifically, since any of the stuff ... 
Let's not turn "auteur" into the new "deconstruction."
Guys please. I forgot about this in my film theory Ask.fm answer, but please read this: 
@wendeego They go together really well, honestly. Nightow likely feels the same way. There's a lot of energy from both of their styles.
@wendeego ... but we still need to see why she does what she does with animation's and cinema's formal qualities.
@wendeego I think Matsumoto will end up being one of the few we can look at through the lens of auteur theory...
@wendeego Oh definitely. A lot of directors do this, though, even ones who decidedly are not auteurs. e.g., Yuasa
@wendeego I love the woman, but I just don't think we can discern how her stylistic quirks function as of yet.
@wendeego If we're going by Sarris' definition (which we should be), she needs a larger body of work first.
Three Kings is off to a strong start.
@vestenet The real Bloodborne starts here.

(Seriously though, you're in for a treat now that you're done with Rom.)
Done with Chapter Black. Can't wait to see how Three Kings is.
"After all this, don't pussy out now!"

The Yu Yu Hakusho dub script is a blessing.
Whoa, the Sensui fight is really cool all of a sudden.
My brother is now watching K-On. He's on the right path.
@pancakeparadox Both hers and Nightow's styles are flamboyant enough to mesh together.
Then again, maybe the anime doesn't deserve that treatment. I'd be willing to bet that's the case, at least.
But the rest of the cast was so perfect that I have no clue why they wouldn't spend a little more money to get Bang Zoom to dub it.
I mean, in the case of Byakuya and Sakura, it's an improvement.
lol @ Funi recasting Dangan Ronpa for the anime's dub
I wanna beat the Chalice Dungeons, but now that I'm done the main game, I have very little motivation to play Bloodborne. :/
Another thing of note is that the entire game is pretty much The Eclipse from Berserk.
I don't care how smug that sounded either.
People keep calling The Great Ones and The Kin in Bloodborne aliens. They really need to read a book.
I'm pretty positive I'm gonna love this show all the way through. It seems like my kind of thing.
Lots of crazy obviously-Nightow shots mixed with Matsumoto's style: the replication of wide-angle lenses, exaggeration, "camera" movement.
I still think Rie Matsumoto is a perfect fit for Nightow. Their styles go hand-in-hand.
I love Blood Blockade Battlefront.
... The villain's name is Femto?!
Kimura I love you 
@whemleh Oh yeah, his style is quite nice now. But stuff like Glidarts looking like Shanks bugs the hell out of me.
Between Kimura's art and the sound design, BBB is doing well at establishing a sense of place.
@whemleh Mashima has this problem. Except he copies other artists.
The music in this show is so good.
I hope the cat recurs just like in Trigun.
NIGHTOOOOWWWWWW 
lol 
@whemleh Not that it makes it any better, but it's just an interesting thought to me.
@whemleh When Urasawa does, it's for the same reason as Miyazaki -- he thinks of his characters as actors.
now it's finally time for BBB LET'S DO THIS
@whemleh I think I'm just too used to Asano's and Urasawa's abilities to make such varied designs.
I like Arslan. It seems cool. The end card by the author of The Seven Deadly Sins was pretty nice too.
I'm liking the world so far, though.
The king looks like Bradley, the horse guy looks like Kimblee, and even Arslan himself looks like Ed a lot of the time.
Hmm... watching Arslan and it seems that Arakawa has a hard time coming up with unique character designs.
I still contest that UBW would be better if it had more action. This dialogue and story are so dumb.
I don't wanna watch UBW, but the new OP is really good at least.
Anyway, time to weeb.
Also of note is that it partially appears to be a commentary on the Canadian health care system and its inherent problems.
... and Steve himself embodies the kind of communication the film wants to comment on.
There's at least three spoken languages in the film (French, English, Italian), one character has a speech impediment...
Keep in mind the significance of communication as related to the narrative.
Before I forget, a couple of notes I forgot about when talking about Mommy earlier.
@theanimefighter Don't ruin my shounen-filled season for me. :(
I think I'll 3DS my way through UBW because I can't wait to see BBB and Arslan.
If you see me being a shounen fanboy over this thing, pay me no mind.
BBB subs are out? TIME TO GET HYPE.
Baffled by how this wasn't even nominated for an Oscar. Go watch Mommy.
Oh and did I mention the aspect ratio changes and is used as a narrative device? Because that happens and it's amazing.
There's also a heavy emphasis placed on focus and depth of field which gives a sense of imperfection -- central to the narrative.
For example, colour plays a huge role, but rather than relying on mise-en-scene or lighting, Dolan relies on white balance in post.
... of film's formal elements.
There's this really interesting divide where the film is grounded in realism, but relies heavily on the artificiality...
I really like Dolan's and Turpin's expressionist tendencies -- instead of the visuals conveying plot, they convey emotion and psychology.
Watched Xavier Dolan's Mommy last night. Phenomenal movie.
oh no please don't let this be the case for me 
The best thing about seeing all three Bloodborne endings is that I can now read all the lore speculation from people smarter than me.
@kadian1365 (also it's called Planet Vegeta get it right jeez)
@kadian1365 Goku is pretty much Superman as it is, so maybe...?
If Kirby swallowed the Master Sword, do you think he would be able to kill Gano... — are we really still doing this 
Wow, now I have enough Insight to turn the Cleric Beast's screeches into English speech.
Dunno if it's a favourite of mine -- I have to think on that more -- but it's fucking incredible nonetheless.
Okay, yep, Bloodborne is without a doubt Miyazaki's best game.
... Oh my god, that true ending.
@CapriGenesis It makes the fight so much more intimidating than it actually is.
The true final boss was easier than the regular one.
THE WAY IT FUCKING MOVES OH MY GOD THIS IS THE WORST THING IN VIDEO GAMES EVER
THE TRUE FINAL BOSS

WHAT. THE. FUCK.
@vestenet it gets worse
@CapriGenesis Nope, you can get all three endings by backing up your save file to PS+ before the final boss.
Time to play it AGAIN for the true ending.
GOT THE FUCKER
(which isn't even the real final boss might I add; just the final boss for this specific ending)
jesus christ this final boss
Anyway, I think it's about time I got all three Bloodborne endings on one playthrough.
Why does the Easter bunny hide eggs? —  
I don't care how much they cost; I want Aoi and Ema.
Speaking of Shirobako, I'm hoping and praying they have those rubber phone straps of the main girls at Anime North.
my brother is liking Shirobako just as much as I did can I not just re-watch it with him despite finishing it like 2 days ago
jeez I really don't wanna watch Fate but the completionist in my is forcing me to
THE HUNT
I still can't stop thinking about Shirobako. ;_;
secured a Ness Amiibo fuck yeah
@TyrantFrost It's always funny reminding people that Ping-Pong and Titan are shounen.
Time to go see if I can secure a Ness Amiibo pre-order...
@TyrantFrost I'm still pretty sure most people will be like "ew, shounen," regardless.
I have a feeling that despite other people probably having a lukewarm reception to BBB, I'll end up adoring it.
All I have left are the final boss(es) and the three endings.
Done with all the optional areas and bosses in Bloodborne save for the Chalice Dungeons, but I think I'll leave them until NG+.
montreal &gt; toronto. am i right or am i right? — Get out of here. 
OH SHIT THIS NEXT BOSS IS THE ONE FROM THE PROJECT BEAST TRAILER
@vestenet ENJOY
Another boss down on my first try.
I'm trying to finish up the optional Bloodborne areas before beating the game and fucking hell, this game is terrifying.
Wait nevermind I just wrecked the boss on this try okay
Okay, apparently no one's co-oping in this area, so I think I'm done with Bloodborne for the night.
why is Bloodborne co-op so inactive ughhhhh
How about sitcoms from Canada? — Our original TV productions are generally terrible. 
@kraker2k Fair enough. Very few directors in animation could legitimately be called auteurs, so I see where you're coming from.
@kraker2k "Auteur" isn't misused, though... Not yet, at least.
Best TV comedies? — I don't really watch American sitcoms. I like The Simpsons, Futurama, and South Park, though. 
Why not? — I don't find it funny. 
Do you like Seinfeld? — No. 
@Magicmew12 @ABCBTom OP was still pretty true to the source in terms of characterization.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 ... it was pretty clear to me they'd take the easy way out in adapting it.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 That's what I mean. The manga is great, but because of what the source does with sexuality...
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 Food Wars is high profile? I thought we all knew they'd screw it up.
@ABCBTom Hey, One Piece Movie 6 is a thing. An amazing one, at that.
What's your NeoGAF account? — I don't have one. I'm a lurker. 
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 I won't judge till I see the episode, but still.
@ABCBTom @tamerlane420 Original anime are always the better option. But I still feel like Matsumoto's the best fit for Nightow.
@tamerlane420 Idk about BBB, but she seems like a good fit for a Trigun Maximum series. Might allow more creativity.
@tamerlane420 Well, yeah, that's a given.
@tamerlane420 But it's still decent, right? Nightow's paneling is generally amazing and Matsumoto is... well, Matsumoto.
This was my exact fear for a Food Wars anime and I'm pretty upset it's coming true. Ah, well.
The anime is putting it everywhere unnecessarily and it's coming off as pretty gross because of it.
I won't deny the manga has a ton of fan service, but 99% of the time, it's relegated to sequences involving food.
Guys, go read the Food Wars manga instead. The one time I'll complain about an adaptation.
Hmm... yeah, they're mishandling the direction of Food Wars. As expected. :/
why is Soma voiced by Kirito I don't like this
@vestenet Hmm... all right. Everything I've found that works over here is missing episodes. I'll figure something out. :/
YOOOOOOOOOOO 
@vestenet Presumably you're watching a legal stream and would be unable to point me to where a Canadian could watch the whole thing? :(
I think the plan tonight is to continue with YYH while watching Nozaki.
Oh, okay, Funi got BBB.
@sircalvin3 I'll try to get to it very soon now that school's out!
Any thoughts on Redline? — I... actually haven't seen it yet. Please don't kill me. :( 
Oh Food Wars is out too. Time to hope for the best.
Is anyone gonna be streaming BBB legally? Please. ;_;
So when's S2 coming along? I have to see if Two Piece is as good as One Piece.
That's it. I'm done Shirobako. Such a wonderful show. I can't believe how meaningful that ended up being.
I'M STILL FUCKING CRYING WHAT THE FUCK
THE FINAL SCENE OF EPISODE 23 OF SHIROBAKO IS TOO MUCH
Well, I think I'm as prepared as I'll ever be to finish Shirobako and thereby commit emotional suicide. Let's do this. ;_;
That was a short. I expected more from Suda51. :/
This is like a mid-2000s Adult Swim cartoon and I don't know how to feel about that.
what the hell is this
They... rotoscoped over CG? That's pretty cool. o.o
I do like how the two different worlds use two different animation styles.
I'm watching it right now and was hoping it'd be like No More Heroes and now I'm a little disappointed.
what is Suda51's Animator Expo short

BLOODBORNE IS BERSERK CONFIRMED
Oh shit, the Bold Hunter's Mark item description says the rune is upside-down.
GOD WHY ARE THE YOSHI AMIIBO SO ADORABLE I NEED THEM RIGHT NOW
Who did you/will vote for on the Smash Bros. Fighter Bal... — Chorus Kids. I made my brother vote for them as well. 
@CapriGenesis The HOO-HA will never die.
What do you dislike about irony? — My preoccupation is the New Sincerity. Irony is inherently insincere.

I don'... 
@TyrantFrost Happy to have influenced you! &gt;:D
Oh, Lucas' and Mewtwo's Smash 4 renders have the same pose.
@TyrantFrost That's how much this author has affected me. Please finish his bibliography. :P
@TyrantFrost If I end up doing grad school for English, I'm seriously considering doing a dissertation on one or more of his works.
@TyrantFrost Because that's life. Asano always argues the same thing: as long as you're alive, something good will happen.
I still can't get over the Yoshi Amiibo.
@TyrantFrost The difference is that Nijigahara and AGotS have very bittersweet endings and still manage to get you down.
@TyrantFrost They're all emotionally damaging until becoming life-affirming.
@TyrantFrost The thing to keep in mind about Asano's bibliography is how his stories all share a similar structure.
@TyrantFrost Definitely save Nijigahara and A Girl on the Shore for last though. Ridiculously devastating works of literature.
@TyrantFrost City of Light is his weakest work, but it's only 9 chapters so when you wanna read it is up to you.
@TyrantFrost Before Dawn and the End of the World. Then just jump into the deep end with Punpun.
Who is your favorite artist or painter? — um can I just say Inio Asano 
Do you dislike Postmodernism? — No. Artistic movements are way too broad to dislike as a whole. Postmodernism ga... 
(I'm inclined to agree tbh)
I showed my brother the SMTxFE trailer. His reaction: "This looks terrible."
The best marks I've ever gotten in university are coming from my animation classes.
Ness is a GameStop exclusive. Fuck. ._.
Why are you so into shows about daily life? — Because that's what I value in my narratives and it's what we don'... 
@whemleh 2016 is gonna be hectic. :(
@whemleh It's just that I'm no longer a fan of the two-version release model. Even for Pokemon, honestly.
@whemleh I mean, I'm not complaining. I'll force my brother to get one version while I get the other. :P
@whemleh FE encourages players to buy both, since doing so unlocks a "true route" or something.
@whemleh I was about to tweet about that. Pokemon doesn't rely on narrative, and thus, players can get by on one version.
And there's something about a third route being unlocked when you buy both versions. Yeah, no thanks.
Not even kidding when I say I'm less interested in Fire Emblem If now that they announced a two-SKU structure for the game.
@whemleh Uh... so... not separate routes -- separate versions ENTIRELY. Why, Nintendo? :/
@vestenet Protip: if you find the gold comb, give it to her and then proceed to cry.
I JUST FUCKING FINISHED BUILD FIGHTERS TRY

FUCKING DOMON

ARE YOU KIDDING ME

I FUCKING LOVE THIS SHOW
@vestenet I found it to be the second- or third-easiest fight in the game thus far. "Thus far" being 3-4 bosses from the end.
WOW THAT WAS WHAT I MISSED
At least this disappointment could be slightly remedied by finishing Shirobako tonight. :/
Denied access to see La Dispute because I have my camera with me. Fantastic.
@CapriGenesis Dat item balance. Dat rubber band AI.
@TyrantFrost Not good enough.
No one wants 200cc my life is ruined
That Animal Crossing game looks cute as fuck.
YES YOU CAN CHOOSE A FACTION
FIRE EMBLEM
CHORUS KIDS FOR DLC COME ON SAKURAI
@TyrantFrost FUCKING LUCAS MAN THIS MEANS SO MUCH TO ME
HOO-HA IS DEAD AND THERE'S A THIRD DLC CHARACTER HOLY FUCK
LOOKS CHUUNI AS FUCK BUT STILL
YO SMTxFE
Apparently you can vote for new Smash DLC too. Vote for Chorus Kids please.
@CapriGenesis My PM main with a buffed Up-Smash. Goodbye ZSS.
DK64 ON THE VC OMG I SHOULDN'T BE ON MY PHONE RIGHT NOW
MY MAIN IS FUCKING BACK YOOOOOOO
YO WAIT WHAT LUCAS IS BACK AAAAAAAAASSSS
WHY ARE THE YOSHI AMIIBO SO ADORABLE
@CapriGenesis Out all night. :(
I guess I'll get Mario Golf as my Platinum reward.
@Lancelot492 Not only that, but the fact that Aoi's tears aren't played for laughs -- it's a sincere ode to the power of art.
@Lancelot492 @gemonsw Oh, I loved it from Ep 1. The car scene made me break down, though.
Needless to say, you guys weren't kidding about Shirobako and I'm so happy it exists.
Oh, also this scene. This one was extremely hard to get through as well in the best way possible. 
@PavoKujaku I'm bracing myself.
This was it. This was the scene that did it. This show makes the everyday so powerful. 
Gonna say it again since I'm sure no one saw it at almost 4AM: Episode 19 of Shirobako broke me down.
So the GBF OVAs are a real announcement, right?
I just cried so fucking much over an episode of Shirobako you guys weren't kidding ;_;
That's enough mushy rambling about art for tonight, though. I need to be up early so I should get to Shirobako.
So when you come across a music box or a ribbon or a comb, it means something. And when you discover its use, it means even more.
And Miyazaki sees lives as stories themselves, each one with as much weight as the grand scheme of things.
The game ultimately asks questions about the value of stories rather than human significance in the face of something much bigger.
What made Artorias' and Solaire's stories so resonant is reflected in almost everyone, including the bosses, of Bloodborne.
... with an emphasis on personal, individual stories, like those of Dark Souls.
The themes are largely a retread of the stuff examined in Demon's Souls, but done with much more weight...
The thing about BB is that it's actually having that profound emotional effect on me that I've always wanted from a Souls game.
Guys I love Bloodborne so much and haven't been this enamored with a game since god-knows-when.
@wendeego Plus Ueda's going freelance so maybe a Miyazaki/Ueda dream team isn't too far off!
@wendeego Yeah, definitely. Once Team Ico officially disbands, I can see a lot of staff members moving onto FromSoft.
Retweeting again because fuck yeah Hidetaka Miyazaki.
@wendeego BB was an incredible change of pace from the fantasy thing, but gameplay diversity would be even better.
@wendeego I'm pretty positive the B-team is working on a third Dark Souls, but yeah, some diversity would be amazing.
@wendeego I'm really coming to respect and love Miyazaki more and more with each new game he puts out.
@wendeego There was a moment I came across last night while playing. The one time aside from Sif a FromSoft game affected me that much.
@wendeego Yeah, hence why he'd work as a co-director. Ueda could handle the majority of the visuals while Miyazaki designs the game itself.
@wendeego BB is similar to Team Ico's games in the sense that there are these beautiful moments of reprieve; it clearly evokes Ueda.
@wendeego ... but Miyazaki would work amazingly as co-director.
@wendeego Ueda's still under contract from what I understand (assuming they aren't lying about it still being in production)...
Miyazaki built off of that in the best way possible and more games should learn from these two amazing artists.
I fucking knew it too. Ueda was one of the first to successfully manage environmental storytelling and minimalism in gaming.
Okay, now that we know Miyazaki was inspired by Ico, how about we just have him direct EVERYTHING from now on?
@wendeego THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING
It's cool how they're mixing Nightow's distinctive art with that typical expressive Bones aesthetic. It works wonderfully.
why 
oh my god that Mushi-Shi April Fool's joke
Shirobako all night? Shirobako all night.
done all my schoolwork for the semester till the one exam I need to study for aww yeah
This school year has taught me that Italian-Canadian literature is often extremely depressing.
@whemleh @wendeego Anno's tried branching out and didn't quite feel at home anywhere but with Eva. And for the exact reasons Whemleh stated.
@whemleh @wendeego It's also one of those situations where the author will never escape "that one work."
@whemleh @wendeego And even then, it's not the author's job to come up with answers anyway, so I still don't see a problem.
Taking a short break before writing my last essay for the year.
Knock on wood, I guess.
I'm happy with this essay I just finished, but usually when I'm confident in my essays, I get a mark I'm not satisfied with...
Writing about House of Leaves makes me love the book even more.
okay I'm done with the literary theory now I swear
... because it would be equally true to say that meanings, in the form of culturally derived interpretive categories, make readers."
"One can respond with a cheerful yes to the question ‘Do readers make meanings?’ and commit oneself to very little...
@thaliarchus If it's half as good as Shiki-Jitsu was, I'm down.
okay wait Anno please just finish 3.0+1.0 what are you doing

right
Anyway, back to writing.
And that conflict is at the core of criticism itself, so...
In a funny way, he actually ends up arguing for subjectivity rather than the catch-all symbiosis he preaches.
... but that's just me. And I, as a critical mind, is what's more important than anything according to him.
I mean, I don't 100% agree with him since I think the term "subjective" ENCOURAGES criticism and inquiry...
He also sees the individual as a kind of authored construct, which is true to a point.
Basically, Fish hated labels and little organizational boxes and instead basically argued, "Just write."
... Rather than facilitating inquiry, they close it down, by deciding in advance what shape inquiry can possibly take."
"To put the matter in either way is to see how unhelpful the terms 'subjective' and 'objective' finally are...
Interrupting my essay because I'd forgotten about this always-relevant Stanley Fish quote.
@spike287 Fuck yes, you're gonna love this week's episode.
Kojima's not working on Silent Hills anymore? That means Del Toro likely isn't either and now I have no interest.
@CapriGenesis Yeah, but things don't always meet my expectations. Usually by now, the hype is gone. Not the case here. :P
I found out I can get all three endings in a single playthrough, so once I'm wrapping it up, we'll see.
I should add that Bloodborne is steadily making its way up to being a favourite game of mine.
Let's see how long I can put off doing these two essays for without completely screwing myself over.
@tamerlane420 Utena was more fantastical than PD, but still had elements of social commentary going on.
@tamerlane420 That's true. Ikuhara's vision of modernity is always interesting and I think that's the crucial element Bear Storm was missing
@tamerlane420 But yeah, it's clear Ikuhara wasn't allowed to do what he wanted to. If there's a fourth series, I hope it fares better.
@tamerlane420 Bear Storm's problem is that it treats its characters like symbols first and people second.
@tamerlane420 My focus -- as it usually is -- was on the concept of home and belonging in both series.
@tamerlane420 It has the potential to be, but I think the problem is that PD covered a lot of the same ground, so it feels redundant.
@spike287 YOU WATCH IT TOO?!
(For the unaware: AMC allows the Breaking Bad/BCS writers one uncensored "fuck" per season.)
I really liked the first season's use of "fuck." Best one since "Shut the fuck up and let me die in peace."
Why is Better Call Saul so good?
Leak was real confirmed I refuse to believe otherwise because of the prospect of a new Paper Mario please don't be like Sticker Star ;_;
@vestenet You'll get an item later on that actually lets you see why you're floating. It also activates an event.
I love Tsubaki too. Why does this show have so many great characters?
@vestenet There are enemies in the area I'm in that instantly make you go into a frenzy when you approach them.
@vestenet I KNOW RIGHT
Forget Ema; this guy is my new favourite character. 
This is the best anime. 
I think I broke the Bloodborne boss I just fought in its second phase. Not that I'm complaining.
Welp, one of my Bloodborne theories turned out to be true.
I hope Trigger actually spends money this time and didn't blow it all on LWA2.
Whoa, Funi got the home video rights for Ninja Slayer too.
Apparently Nintendo's fiscal year starts on April 1st, so if that's true, then the rumours make sense.
Some of that stuff sounds too good to be true, but I guess we'll know if there's a Direct or not tomorrow.
@egglasses I finished up another essay a bit earlier, though. I'll be in that situation either way. :P
I guess Funi got Ninja Slayer.
Now to decide if I wanna write another essay tonight or do two tomorrow...
Loved Bear Storm's ending. It's definitely not Ikuhara's best show, but even Ikuhara's worst is still amazing.
LOL LULU'S BROTHER'S NAME WAS MILNE GODDAMMIT IKUHARA
Wow, that final scene of Bear Storm Ep. 11 and its juxtaposition between sound and silence was amazing.
Yuasa essay down. Not as organized as it could have been, but I'm satisfied with it nonetheless.
@vestenet Oh, you'll have other opportunities. Not with Gascoigne himself, but you'll see. :P
Why is quick cutting lazy, re: AoT? I thought it was ... — Oh yeah, quick cuts are totally acceptable in certain... 
@vestenet Luckily the next boss you have coming up is extremely easy!
@vestenet I fought his first two phases up there but basically had to cheese his third one.
@vestenet You could also cheese him around the gravestones since he'll get stuck on them. N-not that I did that or anything...
#musani
#SHIROBAKO 
(Not to say that projects solely relying on visuals are entirely devoid of theme; definitely not the case.)
Yuasa freely admits his focus on the visual over the narrative and revels in it. Exactly why he's such a genius in my eyes.
Finishing up some research before actually writing my Yuasa essay and this quote stuck out among others: "I'm searching for a theme now."
@tamerlane420 Not the whole thing. We saw some clips in my animation classes. I'll check it out once classes are over.
@tamerlane420 Holy shit I need to see this.
Shirobako time which may or may not include screenshots this time because I'm nodding off and have class in the morning.

@br1anwuzhere I know it's being overhauled for the BD, but it's still such a disappointment.
At least we still have Gatchaman Crowds Insight to look forward to for our classic anime superhero fix.
Yatterman is yet another anime from this past season that started strong, and then fell flat on its face. :/
Getting through this episode and a half is gonna be hard, but at least I get to watch more Shirobako once I'm done. :&lt;
@br1anwuzhere (which is a shame because like TRG, Yatterman started off so strongly)
@br1anwuzhere oh lord just when I thought it couldn't get any worse
This old guy's speech pattern is aggravating, to say the least.
Is it strange that I'm finding the final two Yatterman episodes... annoying?
What is the best song of all time? — I'm partial to this at the moment: 
When why not just keep calling them pictures? When mo... — You call them shots in photography too. Context is ev... 
Me: 
Why is taking pictures referred to as shots when talking about movies? — Because a movie is a series of pictures. 
I REALLY wish The Rolling Girls had remained as good as its opening episodes. :/
Time to finish up The Rolling Girls.
Didn't like S2 of DRRR at all. I'm assuming S3 isn't gonna be any different since it's a continuation of this story arc.
why am I watching Anri being groped this isn't funny
this DRRR finale is awful
@br1anwuzhere Both look good. Added to the list!
@egglasses Oh, that's true. Adding a general "Shinkai" to the list!
@egglasses Let's not get carried away.
@egglasses I need to book rooms at school for this and I know some places have minimum time requirements.
@egglasses Yeah, I thought about Shinkai's movies, but the problem is that they're all under an hour long.
@TEPopka Angel's Egg COULD work, but I have some other Oshii stuff on here. I could replace GitS2 with it, I guess.
@Magicmew12 That's actually on the list. The beautiful thing about this is how I get to force my taste onto the audience.
@bagelplug Maybe if it weren't porn.
All that being said, I'm so fucking excited for Mushi-Shi: Bell Drops.
@MrTripleA88 Redline's on there already.
@tamerlane420 Arete is top priority.
On the list already is stuff like Princess Arete, Tekkon Kinkreet, Mind Game, etc. Any I might have missed?
They have to be movies people would likely have never even heard of and artistic in some way.
Give me anime movie suggestions for screenings. But before you do -- criteria...
WHY DID I WATCH THIS SHOW
LOL THIS ALDNOAH ENDING WHAT
lol an enemy got stuck inside a cart on the road and the best part is that it can still attack me while inside it ;_;
I'm only paying marginal attention to these last two Aldnoah episodes and I can still tell how dumb they are.
what a fucking piece of shit awful human being what the fuck
I'll never get over how little things such as the items enemies drop and corpses hold in FromSoft games tell stories of their own.
@thaliarchus Well, comparatively. :P
@thaliarchus I'm positive Ikuhara is the reason the original is so good.
I think I'll drop Sailor Moon here and not even bother watching last week's episode. I'll just get to the original at some point.
After about a week of experimenting with this camera, I'm finally learning how to take shots properly.
@theanimefighter Ah, kinda like my dad then. He watched Death Note and FMA '03 with me, but doesn't wanna watch anything else.
@theanimefighter Even despite the recent stuff that proved to be very accessible?
@theanimefighter Mine only takes suggestions from me. Especially since his friends tell him to watch SAO and Infinite Stratos.
My brother loves Shirobako. I've done my job as an older brother.
I really like how Ping-Pong's dub sounds. Honestly never thought of having Aaron Dismuke as Smile, but it works fantastically.
@vestenet Caused me more deaths than I can count early-game.
DON BLUTH

PAC-MAN

WHY DID THIS NOT HAPPEN
@vestenet Muscle memory is a bitch, ain't it? :P
OH MY GOD WHAT 
Yeah Xenogears is insane, but its spritework is still amazing and I won't accept any other opinions.
oh my god this Bloodborne area what the fuck
@whemleh I fucking forgot there was an Angela Anaconda short before the movie itself.
Death Parade's ending was emotional, but the series was just way too disjointed and unfocused for me. :/
G-Reco ended up being not great.
I'm 2 weeks behind on everything airing but don't even care because Shirobako and whatever I can find of Steven Universe make up for it.
Living in Canada makes it extremely hard to catch up with Steven Universe.
Now that Zelda U is delayed, I guess that means Bloodborne is my GOTY.
I mean, Babel's still a fucking incredible movie, but some of the statements he makes are unbelievably stupid.
Wow, Inarritu's kind of a dick, isn't he?
How would you rank the Kirby games? — Of the ones I've played:

Amazing Mirror
Super Star
Return to Dream Land
6... 
So um... beating this one boss in Bloodborne changed the entire game in ways I won't explain. What. The. Fuck.
... He showed the Be-Papas Zardoz for inspiration.
He also compares school to the theatre, saying how a bell ringing signals students to perform certain roles.
(Particularly in how it relates to his love of shoujo manga, as he says that shoujo is also "necessarily expressionist")
(Ikuhara on why he uses theatrical staging and mise-en-scene)
... So when you're expressing something paranormal, it necessarily becomes expressionist."
"The theatre is expressionist in certain ways too, right? Unlike in film, there's no shot assignment...
how the fuck do I cite production books in an essay
Ooh, I can use some of the quotes in these Utena production booklets in my Yuasa essay...
@tamerlane420 (But fuck yeah, Suda51.)
@tamerlane420 It sure seemed like it. It felt like an unfunny version of Kiyohiko Azuma's manga.
Well, that new Animator Expo short certainly was... um... something.
Probably about time I bothered to catch up with Steven Universe.
I love endings that leave things hanging in time and/or space -- if you couldn't tell at this point.
Didn't like Root A as a whole, but man, that ending.
I fucking loved the final Tokyo Ghoul episode.
This final Tokyo Ghoul episode is extremely well-directed. That's the only compliment I can give this second season, sadly. :/
THAT WAS SO HYPE OH MY GOD THIS SHOW BETTER GET A THIRD SEASON
YO THAT GUNDAM BUILD FIGHTERS EPISODE
... but the middle parts were so mired in poor direction and mishandled writing that the whole thing was dragged down because of it.
So, final thoughts on Parasyte: great opening episodes, pretty good final episode...
@br1anwuzhere Ew. :/
Is it safe to assume that the Parasyte manga didn't have Shinichi spelling out the humanist themes for the audience?
Probably fake, but I can dream. ;_;
aaaAAAAAAAA 
Bloodborne&gt;your favourite game
@Magicmew12 I started laughing when I saw them.
THE GOD WARRIOR IS A PLANE NOW WHAT THE HELL 
THE GUY DOING FAKE ANNO'S VOICE SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE HIM HOLY SHIT
oh my god the beginning of the episode is directed like Evangelion
I was gonna go to bed, but I'm on the Anno episode of Shirobako, so I at least have to watch this before sleeping.
@vestenet GIVE INTO THE BLOOD IT BECKONS
Most of the sounds in live action filmmaking are actually ADR and foley. Very little of what's recorded on a boom mic is used.
I like how this sound guy said, "Unlike in live action, we have to create all the sounds for animation."
Shirobako saved my life. 
Wow, a ton of people are stuck at the second boss in Bloodborne. &gt;_&gt;
@tamerlane420 Yeah, I find his games to be hit-or-miss, but his visual style is gonna look awesome in cartoon form.
@tamerlane420 SUDA51 IS DOING AN ANIMATOR EXPO SHORT?!
Did you see Song of the Sea? — Not yet. Classes end this coming week, so I'll be back to tweeting about movies s... 
Well, all I have to say is, "Miyazaki, you are one fucked up individual and I love it."
Since I'll be on the subject of Bloodborne for months, if my current theory about the lore turns out to be true...
Is there a more disturbing MH monster than Gigginox? — I'm more obsessed with Bloodborne right now. Look up The ... 
@whemleh Don't forget Shinji Kimura's art direction!
@whemleh As long as you're gonna watch BBB, I won't say anything. :P
@whemleh Only the finest, I see.
@whemleh Oh thank god.
@whemleh You're gonna regret giving Seraph the time of day. I mean it. :&lt;
I love my new avatar.
Is Sonic an inherently bad franchise? — The first three games are good. I can't stand anything after them, thoug... 
@Jexhius Brilliant.
(Past two in terms of the two I just watched.)
The past two episodes of Shirobako have made me love Ema so much. How is this show so relatable? :&lt;
What's the worst video game you've ever played? — I've never beaten any game I consider terrible, but here are a... 
Shirobako is making me tear up already. ;_;
That was the first Death Parade episode I enjoyed in a while. It's what I expected of the whole show. :&lt;
@gemonsw Do it! It's totally worth the money at this point!
WELP, I'M FINALLY UNDERSTANDING THIS GAME'S LORE AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME A GAME HAS EVER SCARED ME
THE GAME JUST WENT FROM STANDARD VICTORIAN WEREWOLF HORROR TO THE LOVECRAFT GAME I'VE ALWAYS WANTED
I DON'T WANNA SPOIL WHAT JUST HAPPENED BUT

HOLY SHIT
OH MY GOD BLOODBORNE
oh lord here we go with the cosmic horrors
FIRST TIME I BEAT A BOSS IN BLOODBORNE ON MY FIRST TRY MY HEART IS RACING
@whemleh @MrFlawfinder Yep, sounds like it was originally a Square-Enix game to me.
PLEASE LET THIS MEAN 4C IS WORKING ON BLACK SWORDSMAN SAGA MOVIES PLEASEEEE
I don't know what's with the sudden abundance of Berserk merchandise, but I'm not complaining: 
@MrFlawfinder "Gen Urobuchi will provide the original scenario..."

oh
I... think one of my essays has been cancelled. Meaning Bloodborne and anime for the rest of the night.

It's so relatable because the themes the show deals with are things that we deal with every day. What a great show.
It's largely about effort, the power of art, and the past.
I found Shirobako to be really entertaining at the start, but now I'm getting a feel for why it's so loved.
@CapriGenesis He's everyone's.
SHUT UP YOU PIECE OF SHIT 
Okay, so I'm watching Shirobako and what the fuck even is Tarou?
That being said, I'm still quite a ways away from the end, but I really don't expect this game to slip up.
Slight preference for BB over DaS right now just because everything so far has been significantly better than post-Anor Londo DaS.
Okay, so ~15 hours into Bloodborne and so far:
Bloodborne=Dark Souls&gt;Demon's Souls&gt;Dark Souls 2
@CapriGenesis Honestly, if I get frustrated with a boss enough, I'm the same. The lore is what really pushes me, though.
Ever watch anything by Harry Partridge, like this? 
oh no it's one of those bosses that gets new attacks when it's below 50% HP ;_;
At once, easily the best-designed thus far in terms of mechanics and also the hardest one yet.
oh my god this boss what the hell Miyazaki
And fuck this boss, by the way. That statement seems to be more of a trend with this game than with the Souls games.
All these Bloodborne hype tweets are lovely, but I smugly look down on them because I've had the game for days now.
I think I'm gonna skip the anime I'm behind on tonight in favour of Yu Yu Hakusho and Shirobako.
@tamerlane420 Jones definitely did. Not 100% on how much Avery did, though.
top 10 animators ever in your opinion? — Ever? From anywhere in the world? No particular order:

Ub Iwerks
Milt ... 
I have so much anime to catch up on, but I only want to watch Shirobako.
@aMainCharacter It looks like he just did a search for a bunch of anime blogs and is posting a bunch of criticism/best-ofs.
Criticism relies upon the critic's own beliefs, values, and experiences. Removing that facet of writing leaves nothing.
No matter how many times you say it, it won't become true.
Stating the obvious because I can't believe people still don't get it: there is NO SUCH THING as "objective criticism."
Okay, this guy just keeps commenting and insisting the monomyth is the only way one can write a story. It's about time I stopped replying.
@aMainCharacter So... my animation prof posted your list of top anime on the course blog. Just thought you'd like to know.

Do you think Attack on Titan's huge popularity in the... — Hard to say, but no, I don't think so. Can't really e... 
Hey, what are you guys talking about re: Ping-Pong + ... — It's my pinned tweet! But here's the link anyway: htt... 
I spent the night at a friend's place and I'm wishing I'd brought my PS4 because Bloodborne.
This guy keeps commenting and talking about objectivity. This isn't even worth my time.
Definitely not writing about games anymore if I'm gonna get these GG fucknuts commenting on my posts.
THIS GUY ARGUES THAT HOMOSEXUALITY USED AS A COMEDIC DEVICE IN GAMING IS A GOOD THING

I WANT TO DELETE THIS COMMENT
IS THIS EVEN WORTH REPLYING TO AT THIS POINT?
OH MY GOD THIS IS AN ACTUAL PART OF THE COMMENT

"you are not being objective"

LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
lmao someone commented with a fucking essay on my Persona post
@ABCBTom Yeah, it's losing me a bit toward the end because of that. Feels like an established Yatterman fan would be getting more out of it.
What's the difference between Monster Hunter's huge-h... — Enemy behaviour. Borderlands' enemy AI will do one or... 
Why was Attack on Titan chosen as the non-Sakuga exam... — Because I have a deep-seated disdain for it. If you s... 
The best part of Yuasa's new movie is that it's an original project.
フジテレビと湯浅監督が代表を務めるスタジオのサイエンスSARUが手を組む。」

Yuasa's new movie makes up for it, but goddammit, I want that last little bit of Hyouka. :/
So we're getting a Free movie, but still no Hyouka finale. Uh-huh. Thanks, KyoAni.
This Bloodborne boss constantly clutches its chest in pain and screams horribly and I'm very scared of it.
I don't know what's happening in this game anymore oh my lord
THEY PULLED A DUKE'S ARCHIVES FUCK THIS GAME
For perspective: I got a key item whose name is suspiciously spelled like many Lovecraftian names.
oh my god the Lovecraft influence is showing

DON'T DO THIS MIYAZAKI
@TyrantFrost How could you?!
ALL THESE BOSSES HAVE BERSERK PHASES ARGH
@TyrantFrost Bloodborne.
Note: if they keep giving you Antidotes, there's a reason for it.
THIS BOSS IS FUCKING HORRIFYING
Who is your biggest mentor? —  
Pitchfork's attempt to justify their enjoyment of Rooms of the House by claiming it's actually ironic and wry is hilarious and gross.
I'm lost in Bloodborne. I've been running around in circles in the same area for, like, two hours. :(
oh god the Kirkhammer is so cool
@tamerlane420 Totally agree that more animators should learn about their peers alongside directors, though.
@tamerlane420 Likely a result of the emphasis Hollywood places on auteur above all else, which is a shame.
@tamerlane420 The influence is clear enough in TV animation to support their knowledge as a whole.
@tamerlane420 I'd say that a lot of animators in the film industry are probably more ignorant of the Japanese system.
@tamerlane420 Not amongst a lot of younger/newer animators.
Bloodborne gets REALLY fucking dark. As in, I'm being forced to use my torch because I can't see shit.
(Keep in mind the panel is missing some footage in the middle. No idea why, but I apologize. :&lt;)
Prepare for bad lighting, bad sound quality, and awkward introductions.
The sakuga panel is finally up: 
thank you 
Well, Shirobako has certainly made a good first impression on me. A shame I'm only getting the time for it now, but I like it!
Oh, that's why you all hate this guy. 
It's 1:30AM, I have 4 essays to write, and now I'm doing this. If I fail, this is on you, AniTwitter. 
@egglasses Oh, that's slightly better. I guess.
this boss is brutal ._.
There are sidequests in Bloodborne. Fuck.
Kakkoii! 
The Cleric Beast is easily the most difficult first boss in a Souls game. Holy shit, that was amazing.
oh my god the sound design in this game
@egglasses There were also people laughing at me from inside a house. Do they count?
JESUS WHY DID MORE ENEMIES SPAWN AFTER I DIED
The numerous deaths begin.
There's an abundance of NPCs. Looks like the lore is gonna be very involved.
THIS GAME HAS ME CONSTANTLY ON EDGE

WHY ARE THERE PEOPLE CRYING IN THE DISTANCE
WITH MY BARE FISTS

I AM ALREADY THE BLOODBORNE MASTER
... HOLY FUCK I JUST BEAT THE FIRST ENEMY THAT'S SUPPOSED TO KILL YOU
Going into Bloodborne blind is more than a little terrifying...
lmao there's an ad for The Order in the Bloodborne case
AND SO, THE NIGHTLY HUNT BEGINS 
@Yuyucow @JacobYBM As long as the budget is there to back up the abundant talent, this is an acceptable substitute for more Dandy.
@tamerlane420 It's such a shame we'll never see it as it was truly intended. :(
@Jexhius Probably. I hope the budget's there to back up the talent, though.
@Yuyucow @JacobYBM wow way to get my hopes up
WHY DID BAHI JD JUST TWEET "DANDY REUNION" AND THEN DELETE IT

WHAT DOES IT MEAN
no wait 4 essays

FOUR
I have 3 more essays to write and this is what I'll be doing with my time instead

ARE YOU HAPPY
okay fuck you guys I'll start Shirobako this weekend I can't take this hype-building anymore
"Fantasies based on reality" seem to be Tabata's thing: 
All these Shirobako tweets need to calm down. I still have another week till I can marathon it. :(
@theanimefighter (I'm only half-joking. The anime seriously has a lot to live up to.)
@theanimefighter Not as good as it should be, though. OPM deserves only the finest.
@lemur_kun wowwwwww

That sucks. Hang in there. :(
oh my god how do you even
I have no doubt that Shingo Natsume's direction will be good for the series, but I have low expectations for the budget at this point.
I'm honestly worried about Madhouse doing One-Punch Man.
@flagsandglobes I did not. Thanks for the heads-up!
Every Genius Party torrent I've found is dead too.
I can only find Spanish subs for Wanwa the Doggy. ;_;
Ugh, the Sensui fight is so boring compared to Toguro and even everything in Chapter Black leading up to it.
Imaishi's Animator Expo short was awesome. He needs to create an Adult Swim show.
So we're getting another season of Gundam Build Fighters, right?
This week's episode of Bear Storm seemed like the first one Ikuhara WANTED to make -- it was very sincere and uncompromising.
@tamerlane420 Ohira continues to inspire me. Jesus.
@tamerlane420 I just looked it up. Holy fuck. I'll try doing Wanwa tonight, actually.
@tamerlane420 Hopefully this weekend!
@tamerlane420 I've only seen Baby Blue from Genius Party and I've been meaning to get around to the other shorts for a long while.
@tamerlane420 It shows. His cuts were so distinctive and I'm only now learning who he is!
@tamerlane420 The two aesthetics combine extremely well and make for some very interesting moments.
@tamerlane420 Watching animators used to full animation working with limited is so fascinating.
@tamerlane420 ... or are recruited for certain anime projects -- Terror in Resonance, Yuasa's stuff, Trigger's stuff.
@tamerlane420 There are very few left. Those that know how to work with digital 2D animation are usually working for Adult Swim...
@tamerlane420 At least we still have Laika, I guess. :(
@tamerlane420 ... but Dreamworks animators are encouraged to cut corners. Pixar's older staff give it their all.
@tamerlane420 That wouldn't be a problem if you had animators as crazy as those in Japan...
@tamerlane420 Animators move between studios as needed. Probably why Pixar's recent output has been... lackluster, to say the least.
@tamerlane420 The preoccupation with CG encourages a standardized aesthetic for the medium unless you're Pixar. It's sad.
@tamerlane420 And I doubt we'll ever again see people with the talent of Disney's Nine Old Men or the innovation of Winsor McCay.
@tamerlane420 I mean, I don't think we're ever gonna get to the point of renaissance over here simply because what's happening now is safe.
@tamerlane420 But it still signals that American animators want to move toward something more... artful, I guess...?
@tamerlane420 Which is totally fair (though I think AT's willingness to experiment is amazing for US animation).
@tamerlane420 ... with the success of Avatar and how Adventure Time and Steven Universe are being handled. Hopefully it's a trend.
@tamerlane420 Yeah, that's fair. I think there's something of a paradigm shift going on in US TV animation...
@tamerlane420 Not as successful as Japan, but still the same focuses as anime.
@tamerlane420 I'm not 100% sure since French animation and Soviet animation have produced similar results as Japan.
I should get around to watching that strange Mario anime movie soon.
@tamerlane420 ... so hopefully, Montage of Heck does something for a lot of younger animators.
@tamerlane420 Totally agree. We've seen that notion being challenged by Linklater and Morgen with their use of rotoscoping...
@tamerlane420 You have people like Bakshi who branch out and do okay, but are met with criticism for "adult" content, even with LotR.
@tamerlane420 Mostly due to the preconception in American animation that cartoons are limited to comedy/family stuff.
@tamerlane420 ... but having their characters move dynamically and expressively. UPA and Hanna-Barbera were pretty much just saving money.
@tamerlane420 Avery and Jones responded by making Looney Tunes stuff look like stage plays...
@tamerlane420 Early American TV animation was largely a response to full animation, albeit in a lazier way than Avery or Jones.
@tamerlane420 Disney pretty much worked alongside Welles in that sense; not in opposition to him, like the WB animators did.
@tamerlane420 I actually wrote an essay for class on Studio Era filmmaking techniques in Cinderella.
@tamerlane420 Just make sure you watch the latest Recobbled Cut. It's, like, 90% workprint and pencil tests, yet it's still gorgeous.
@tamerlane420 The problem with the assembly line model that still persists today, sadly. :/
@tamerlane420 Yeah, the only thing I can think of is The Thief and the Cobbler: 
@tamerlane420 And, well, we all know how The Thief and the Cobbler turned out.
@tamerlane420 That's exactly it. You don't see that kind of stuff happening until Richard Williams comes along.
@tamerlane420 Even though I'm not sure if that even qualifies.
@tamerlane420 The Pink Elephants on Parade sequence from Dumbo is the first thing that comes to mind: 
@tamerlane420 I could see if I could dredge something up, but the technical knowledge largely wasn't there at the time.
@tamerlane420 Classic being...? Are we talking Fleischer/Van Beuren era or Golden Era?
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox At least OP is a diamond in the rough; not the bottom of the barrel that I tend to scrape.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox Happened to me when I tried to reach Bleach and Reborn at the same time and nearly had an aneurysm.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 That's true. The concept of Cipher Pol is still a pretty big deal, though.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox Oh, definitely. I just fell in love with OP from page one, so I'm not inclined to call it out as such. :P
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox And a lot of old faces come back with motions toward development, which I appreciated.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox Another problem solved post-Skypeia when every character introduced has a role in the big picture.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 Like, scenes that are considered as legendary as Jotaro vs. Dio and the death of Frieza.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 Water 7 and Enies Lobby also have two of the most famous scenes in the whole series. And for good reason.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox OP hit its stride right before the timeskip IMO. Oda was at his best in terms of character writing.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox Yeah, that's your best bet. The subsequent few arcs are AMAZING for characterization too.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 The Doflamingo payoff took... how many years? Man, was it worth it, though.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox (No pun intended.)
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox Yup, I even have problems with Alabasta and Skypeia these days. Past that is smooth sailing, though.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 Thankfully Moria serves as a more interesting followup, even if not as developed as he inevitably will be.
@pancakeparadox @tamerlane420 My favourite will always be Arlong Park, but yeah, I can totally agree.
@tamerlane420 @pancakeparadox How far in did you end up getting? That completely changes come Water 7.
Let me just say again how happy I am everyone is enjoying YYH since it's something I've loved since I was a kid.
@pancakeparadox But for what it's worth, I'm still really enjoying Chapter Black and I know Three Kings has some awesome stuff in it.
@pancakeparadox Yeah, he had that final boss vibe bc he was supposed to be the final boss. Then Togashi's editor told him to keep writing.
