Fuck
I should really sleep but I can't
If that meteor really does crash into the earth in three days time at least I'll get out of most of my a levels
Anyway I'm a sleepy lil bird so good night, be lovely to yourselves and each other <CHICKEN>
My favourite activity is watching Americans on the Internet confuse themselves trying to work out British humour
I've completely lost interest in the YouTube community somewhat bc of all the crap that's gone down U know
Ok but seriously I haven't actually watched a YouTube video deliberately in months like I will watch it if it comes up on my TL
I miss 2010 where youtubers weren't problematic ppl weren't afraid to say what they wanted and being cringey was cool
Remember when I said I was inactive...
To be fair I am a complete wuss when it comes to cold weather like I love it and it's better than hot weather but I have bad tolerance
@bi0musicology U r lovely thank u
Dry skin makes me shudder
@bi0musicology it is on some but my eyes just look really weird omg
Did u know freckles R a mutation also. Basically I'm a mutant
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS JUST THINKING BC HE SAID IT WAS GROOVEY 
I have always wondered why my eyes r so strange
I told my mum and she was like yeah I know you're mutant. THNX SO MUCH
So today I learnt I have central heterochromia wow would U look at that
I very much appreciate ppl who r kind to me and respect them but I deserve some respect somewhat also PLS remember
And that was not an invitation to suddenly bombard me with asks about the very thing I said I was uncomfortable with. UR not funny
Rude so I reply but I'm going to stop now
I'm sorry if this seems mean but I honestly am not comfortable with people I don't know saying things like that to me, I don't want to be
Please can people stop sending me asks about wanting to date me !!!! I know u mean well but it actually makes me feel very uncomfortable
my sister and i have such a love hate relationship
@accidentaIgay FUCK OFF
@emmapursang TYSM !!
@accidentaIgay tHAT WAS NOT MEANT TO BE TWEETED TO YOU
@accidentaIgay @ me next time xoxo
to those who have exams tomorrow: good luck!!!
to those who have exams but not tomorrow: make sure to revise!!!!
i can't stop laughing at my own username on instagram i changed it as a joke but i actually like it
My sister and I are adorable 
@DerrynHailey bless ur soul i hate them so much
@_Legilimency only my sister and i have these eyes everyone else has blue eyes i am confused and disgusted
@jetpackblews u flatter me
ALSO CAN WE TALK FOR A SECOND ABOUT WHAT COLOUR MY EYES ARE BECAUSE I DONT KNOW LOOK AT THIS 
madi g is the life and soul of twitter dot com
@GhostlyFoxGirl in case u wanted to stalk me
My new username on Instagram is @.piercethefuckboy
Do u like my new username ..... 
Can we just talk about the fact pierce the veil thanked Harry Potter in their this is a wasteland dvd 
My sister and I have been talking about bands and have made it our mission to meet all time low and of mice &amp; men
@wigglywalters @animekittens this is why I'm queer af
Did u know that I. Ghostlyfoxgirl. Very much love supernatural
@animekittens green tea or herbal tea !!!! Make sure u drink it whilst it's still hot it will help so much
I hate myself xx
It's really hot and I don't like it this is not how Britain is supposed to be we are known for our mild weather
When I am a grandfather I will tell my children of the days of the frog meme
Vic fuentes just tweeted an actual tweet not a photo or an Instagram link is this the end of us or just a means to start again
@piercethevic what breakfast do you get? <TWO HEARTS>
I just had a thought. If #PSYA1 was easy they're bound to have made #PSYA2 hard. Praying for anything but
Ah yes this is my farm. Harvest comes when the adults are fully grown. All organic you see
Saying "full grown adult" just makes me think of people being planted in very large pots and being grown like flowers
I feel like frank iero is my precious son who needs protecting he is a grown adult but he is my little buddy
I hope everyone's exams went okay and that ur ALL feeling fantastic

If my thighs weren't so big I think I'd actually look ok
twitter accounts that r dedicated to making sadness seem "relatable" are the kind of twitter accounts which shouldn't be allowed to exist:)
@novellipoppunk i just turned to my friend and said "we just got told to shut up by a midget"
a year 7 shushed me today. UVE BARELY LEFT UR MOTherS VAGINA &amp; UR TELLING ME. UR SENIOR. TO SHUSH. STICK A DUMMY IN UR MOUTH SHUT UP YRSELF
@ghiblijpg I'm sure u will do great !!!
@ghiblijpg oh my god that is so great!!!!! Well done
My sister is listening to music rlly loudly and usually I wouldn't mind bc we have the same music taste but I wanna nap buddy
@accidentaIgay Lear same
@ghiblijpg LOVE U
@accidentaIgay I LOVE THE NORTH I WANT TO LIVE THERE CAN I LIVE W U SO I CAN GO TO AFFLECKS PALACE AND EAT CHINESE WHENEVER I WANT
@accidentaIgay URS IS SO CHEAP THO it's because UR northern smh
@accidentaIgay it's RLLY expensive so we don't have it often even tho it's my fave
@PASTAPILOTS we had a different exam bud
@witchyvibez happy birthday !!!
@accidentaIgay ME TOO but my parents said not until I've done all my exams smh
@SciFiPhiChiPsi @trxshfairy misunderstanding what privation will do to the nhs it is still not a great change
@SciFiPhiChiPsi @trxshfairy yeah but the privation is still a big issue its not the right way to go about things so even tho people R
Anyway I'm not talking about psych anymore it's over it's done with I will not think of it again
@trxshfairy @SciFiPhiChiPsi the Tories will make it worse
@trxshfairy @SciFiPhiChiPsi we will have no choice but to pay privately if we want care. The mental health services are shit as it is,
@trxshfairy @SciFiPhiChiPsi they are taking millions from the mental health aspects of the nhs, so quality of care will decrease until
@AQA I know #PSYA1 was easy but please don't make the grade boundaries high think of the children
@emmapursang I KNOW
@DEERLINGPNG PLEASE TELL ME U ARE DOING GCSES BECAUSE 23 AS EXAMS WOULD KILL YOU
@bearsarefab nope
@emmapursang you do a levels you take between 3 and 5 they're extremely hard and yeah you do half one year and half the other
@emmapursang we take GCSEs when we are 15-16 and we take around 13 subjects so 20 exams or so and then you go to post 16 options and if
@emmapursang the exams every year don't count towards anything I don't RLLY know how to explain it to someone who isn't British but like
@MyJellyRomance for Gcses we had 20 so it's not as bad as that, Google is UR best friend bud
I feel like the British school system is a lot more demanding exam wise because we have such a huge amount of them
@emmapursang you can choose to go to college or be an apprentice but if you're in school they're compulsory
@emmapursang yep you have to do them and they're extremely difficult and horrible
@MyJellyRomance a levels man, a levels
@TurnaboutAdam if the grade boundaries are high it means Even if I've done well i won't get an A because of the boundaries
@emmapursang yes we do but Gcses and a levels are special exams specifically towards you going to university
Okay but I'm kinda scared bc we all found the psychology exam easy meaning the grade boundaries R gonna be super high
Question: why did Marsha not help the guy that was stabbed? #PSYA1
@ghiblicats HECK YEAH
@ghiblicats LOVE U RAT
I am now gonna relax for a bit oh gosh I was so nervous for that exam I am :)))
@accidentaIgay CHRISKI
@accidentaIgay I DID THE EXACT SAME WTF 
@jxnuarynights !!! :)
English lit on Friday is 2 and a quarter hours long my hand is gonna hurt like hell
I don't have an exam tomorrow so I can revise for my maths core 1 exam on Wednesday and then Thursday I can revise for English lit ok
Psychology unit 1 was so great I was really anxious about it but I knew the answers so hopefully Ive… 
@TurnaboutAdam thank u so much
I think I've definitely gotten at least a B probably an A on that paper because there wasn't a single question I wasn't comfortable with
@sheerandonut I actually do this !!!!!!
@trxshfairy this makes me so sad
One exam done and 10 to go heck
THE ESSAY QUESTION WAS ABOUT BOWLBYS EVOLUTIONARY THEORY AND I WAS LIKE FUXK YEAH
OH MY GOD PSYCHOLOGY WAS GREAT I AM SOSOSOSO HAPPY
My dad doesnt recognise english money anymore from using the currency in Afghanistan and it's funny watching him trying to find money for me
Okay I'm listening to my faves and walking to meet Naomi :-) 
My anxiety gets sosososo much worse near exams IVE already had two panic attacks this weekend lol
Okay I think I'm good I can do this I CAN DO THIS I may be shaking and possibly on the verge of a panic attackBUTI CAN DO THIS
@helenovelli thank u Helen!!!!!!
@jxnuarynights thnx so much my angel
@ManySettingSuns thnx so much !!!
@trxshfairy I love u my lil prince <PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART>
@BODIESINBOXES_ u flatter me
I look like shit but exams start today so good luck to you all <DIZZY SYMBOL><HONEYBEE> 
Good luck to everyone doing exams today I'm sure u will do great!! I am looking tired af 
Ok turns out I do know what I'm doing since I have been lying on my bed speaking out loud everything I know and got It right oh
@_sighvannah if you're on A then we are the same, but you're on a different time. It happens ahh
ok i need to revise now i only have a few hours before i need to go
@HollySheeran good luck to you too sweetie !!
@_sighvannah ahh it will be on any revision material you have, our units are completely different if you're on B
I'm fine with everything for psychology but i can NEVER remember which study is which for attachment and EWT
@_sighvannah but are you spec B or A because they're different
@_sighvannah AQA spec A
@_sighvannah different exam boards
i'm wearing all black because exams basically mean attending my own funeral
@DANANDPHlLGAMES love u
@ghostpolaroids TRUE
I can't wait to fail all my exams and become a stripper
@sharpestilves me too oh god I'm dreading psych
Christian always tells it how it is and I love that
I've been at school for 13 years of my life and next year I'll be leaving ??????? I've spent most of my life at school it's so weird
It's so weird that like. I'm starting my a level exams today. Next June I'll have left school yet I still feel like I'm 11 years old
Nigel Farage was on the breakfast show my parents were watching so I was yelling at the TV for him to get a job to see how he liked it
Good luck to everyone taking exams today !!
Psychology isn't until 1pm so I've got a while thank god
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh exams start today
#youtubefandomhonestyhour youtubers are regular people and we need to stop acting as if they can do no wrong. Especially when they do
I am seventeen next month and I'm sitting here cuddling my Spider-Man blanket
#youtubefandomhonestyhour I miss the YouTube where I didn't have to worry whether  or not someone I watch has committed sexual assault.
(I'm watching HP1)
I have a deep founded love for Rupert Grint and his adorable 12 year old face
Why do we have to take five a levels who decided that was an okay thing
I am so scared for my psychology exam tomorrow I don't feel at all prepared :-(
Smile :-) U are not a frog meme and in that respect U are winning today
@christianovelli I'm sure it is fantastic give urself more credit novelli
People forget that they r good, I think
You are so wanted and needed on this earth !!! Do not measure UR worth against others for it is not possible
Whilst it is true that the earth wouldn't stop spinning if you were gone, there r people who love u so much that they would want it to !
Look around you!!!!! Ur alive !!!! On an earth filled w billions of people !!!!! With stars above your head !!!! What a beautiful existence
Christian is such a great person honestly I do not understand how someone as golden as him can exist
Ok I was just messaging Christian when he tweeted that was scary
me, no matter what stage the moon is in or how viewable it is: omg look at the moon !!!
A month since the best night of my life. Missing you 
I'm feeling really ?????
In five years I'll run in the election and we can all be happy
Why did I even bother going to sixth form im gonna be kicked out after this year anyway
A FLY JUST FLEW INTO MY FUCKING MOUTH I AM SO TRAUMATISED I AM NEVER OPENING MY MOUTH AGAIN FUCK THIS LIFE
ok but i am actually sososo worried about exams they've come around so quickly and i need As in all five of my subjects or i'm fucked
@_Alicii_ words to live by
@_Alicii_ we are both so screwed. But at least we aren't doing drugs. Especially nyope
I AM PROCRASTINATING SO MUCH AND I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY BECAUSE MY AS EXAMS START TOMORROW
instead of revising i have: 
had 2 showers
cleaned my room
helped my brother make a plane
played temple run
and eaten a whole bag of apples
exams tomorrow aka one more day before my life loses all meaning
If you are doing Psychology A Level, with any exam board, I really recommend the app 'PsychRevise'. It's so helpful and it's free !!
"Exams tomorrow" 
ok i gotta do psychology revision bc its in 24 hours oh god
There's no point hoping for low grade boundaries because a low grade boundary at a level is like 80% for a b
@nevejenny HAPPY BIRTHDAY MYLITTLE CHIPOTLE
I'm going to be harry in my exams 
Oh my god my exams start tomorrow I'm freaking out
Ok I do need to go to sleep bc U know one day until a level exams and all that
His name is Oli. Now get your ass away from him and anybody with any sort of respect for other people.  
@ghiblijpg OMG no I promise u it's incredible honestly and aw bless u that would b so lovely thanks so much !!!! <TWO HEARTS>
@ghiblijpg oh my god this is the cutest thing I wish I could draw
@ghiblicats OMGOKG I HAVE SO MUXH LVOE FOR EVERYTHING ROBIN HOOD AND DISNEY SO THE TWO TOGETHER MADE MY LIFE
@ghiblicats OH MY GOD YES ITS MY FAVOURITE THING EVER PLEASE CAN WE WATXH IT WHEN I COME OVER
@erinp0ynter THEY ARE SO LOBELY I AM FONNA CRY SGAIN
@erinp0ynter PLEASE
I sound like such an obsessed fan but honestly pierce the veil are the reason I'm still here I am so thankful for them
I wrote a note in my phone after PTV describing like every detail of meeting them and I started crying
Tomorrow it will be a month since I met pierce the veil
@ghiblicats 
If you're intelligent or artistically gifted or talented in any way just know you are so lucky and I would kill to be like that
Be unconditionally wonderful to one another, and have a nice night <TWO HEARTS>
Anyway it's 10pm and I wanna do some revision before bed so bye
I can't get over why you would think its okay to tell people to kill themselves or self harm or die. What the fuck is wrong with you?
There are some really disgusting people in the world
@trxshfairy not a band but listen to the best is yet to come by kids in glass houses
@animekittens @Jay_Mad_Hatter @truedunknown madi they're both uneducated and not worth your time, just ignore them
I'm tired stressed and pissed off and I need that on a t-shirt so no one talks to me ever
Okay I 100% agree with the protests against the Tories but whoever graffitied the war memorial is a disgusting piece of trash.
Bekah is a bully I am Unfriending her
@jetpackblews on my way
@ghiblicats RUDE
41 days until my birthday 42 days until I see Kerrie again 46 days until I see Bekah again
@ghiblicats EXCUSE ME ITS GHIBLIFOXGIRL
Remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?  
If u didn't know my age how old would U guys think I am
Ok these guys r pretty awesome
@ghiblicats I'm a nice person
People always think I'm like four years younger than I am
@ghiblicats yes U an
BEKAH BLOCKED@ME AND FOLLOWED ME WELL@FUCK OFF IM NOT FOLLOWING VACK
@trxshfairy yes I am !!
.@ghiblicats just keeps on giving 
@trxshfairy I am protesting by turning 17
My birthday is June 20th....I love anime and white chocolate....this is just a PSA.....
I am so protective of Bekah I am like a mother bird looking after her baby chick
@erinp0ynter bless u
I am so bad at giving advice
This DJ John is painful to watch
Bekah is an angel. An angel called Bekah that is who Bekah is an angel. An angel
I shaved my legs and I feel like I've been reborn
I'm excited for these guys
Alesha is such a bitch
That boy dancing im crying
Ok bgt is on Bye
in other news bgt is on soon
our country is fucked my exams are in less than 48 hours and i am craving garlic bread i need to lie down and take a time out
don't expect mainstream media coverage, they will always ignore the important issues in favour of licking the boots of politicians.
#ToriesOutNow the decisions made now will affect our generation more than any other. yet we have no say? that is not democracy.
"people voted for them!" yes they did but only 39% of the millions of people who voted were Tory voters. that's not a majority #ToriesOutNow
#ToriesOutNow to people saying it's a riot: it's not. the police are the means of violence here.
#ToriesOutNow my view 
ive forgotten what i was gonna tweet but i promise it was hilarious and would have probably made me twitter famous
@geekassloser "translated from italian"
@geekassloser jess are u ok
apparently a directioner logged into harry styles' twitter or something??? so much happens when i turn away from the internet for a second
Do u ever get stressed because U know u can do better at school and life in general but U just can't be bothered
Say hello to all my little nightmares 

@annaxlanna yeah but it's usually like a continued thing so effectively it starts next week but then the finale is part two the week after
Tomska is an angel
i feel like i'm on the verge of another existential crisis because it's just dawned on me that my life is completely and utterly meaningless
@Catstielthazar she probably can but i dont know if she will, they already owe her anyway ? but i think charlie will be back
i am excited for BGT tonight and i dont know why because i havent bothered watching it for years
okay but the season finale of supernatural is next week. in other, unrelated news i am going to drown myself in the bathtub
@Catstielthazar i am hoping and praying to every fucking angel out there that she is not dead
#FirstDateQuestions does our subconscious have language? are we experiencing the same things or is reality subjective? whats yr fave colour?
@Catstielthazar i cried so much
@ptvnoveIli ME
@_starrypie this is so true
its nearly 5pm why is the day going so quick
misha collins and jensen ackles r my dads
@Catstielthazar I KNOW OH MY GOD ITS SO TRAGIC just wait for the ending of the episode okay
there are two days in your lifetime that aren't 24 hours long; the day you were born and the day you die
My name's blurryface and i care what yøu think
@charjpg GOD BLESS YOHR SOUL
My sister is going to a concert tonight for a band she's never heard of that cover songs of another band she's never heard of amazing
Sleepy fox girl 
Did u know that U are incredible??????? No??? Really???? Wow u really need to work on UR observation skills
Exams start on Monday 
It's three pm and all I've done today is help w the real estate stuff my exams start on Monday what am I doing
@imaginekerrie I'm doomed
My mum just told me my foundation is too light for me because my skin looks deadly pale IM NOT WEARING FOUNDATION THIS IS MY ACTUAL FACE
I just had a bath without realising there was a spider in it I drowned the spider I'm going to hell
I promise u I look fantastic today but my selfie game is super weak so I can't show U
My selfie game is so weak today
.@ghiblicats 
OH MY GOD U ARE SO CUTE KISS ME
@ghiblicats fine by me bitch
@ghiblicats fuck off
Please be good to people!!! U have no idea what kind of stuff they're dealing with and even a smile on their direction could make their day
4.7k oh wow !!!
@ghiblicats ok
LOOK WHAT MY DADS FRIEND IN AFGHANISTAN GOT HIM IVE ONLY JUST SEEN IT HAHAHAHAH 
Not even kidding I'm booking flights for newcastle and have just decided when I'm staying w Bekah for myself I am terrible
@DangHowell AMAZING
Literally inviting myself over to bekahs
.@ghiblicats I'm coming to stay with you 25th to the 28th june hope u don't mind
Booking flights to newcastle AYY
There isn't a Harry Potter fandom because everyone is in the Harry Potter fandom
I think they're gonna buy our house omg
The people for the viewing R about to arrive ooooo
alex gaskarth is such a rat and i am in love with him
Anyway I have a lot of things to do so I'm probably not gonna be online until the afternoon !!! Busy bee <HONEYBEE>
My eyes r such a weird colour
I'm so zzzzzz but I have so much to do sigh
I lived in New Zealand for four years yay . It's a rl... — Omg that's so awesome New Zealand is such a beautiful... 
I would ask you out but I know you would say no and I... — oh gosh I am so sorry!!!! I don't want U to feel pani... 
You're so gorgeous I want to kiss you forever — Bless ur soul 
Dating you would make me so happy and no longer wanti... — Ahh I know u mean this in a complimenting way but U s... 
I hope everyone is feeling good and is looking after themselves !!!!!!
I look like crap today jfc
What do you look forward to most this year? — Sitc !!!! 
ur a beautiful little angel n I love u a lot — Love u too petal 
Ever worn anything that is skin tight is yes what was it? — ??? This is such a weird question 
How come you're selling your house ? — Because we want to move lol 
The guy who looked round on Thursday has a second viewing today w his wife omg i hope he buys our house
Good morning
/////////////////
Misha Collins could snap my neck and I'd rise from my grave just to thank him
you're so cute — Yes U are 
I am a shit head but I am also an angel
For those of U preparing for exams this weekend: look after yourself!! Take breaks get plenty of sleep and make sure to eat !!!!! it'll b ok
@b0urb0n_ this made me smile so much
I want to make everyone happy but I can't even make myself happy and this is the thing that makes me so frustrated constantly
Okay but Madi G is so beautiful and kind and pretty much everything I wish I was how does she
@animekittens you are genuinely the most beautiful person how do you do that
When will Jason learn that no one wants him on the Internet
I AM SO HAPPY YOU ARE ALIVE. I AM SO HAPPY WE COEXIST ON THIS PLANET TOGETHER AND I AM SO HAPPY THAT DESPITE EVERYTHING YOURE STILL HERE
I love British television and just British comedy in general actually
ME AF  
my dad is such a weirdo
Unfollowers: remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
My dad is watching TFIOS with me and keeps making funny comments on it omfg
Gus is so cringey please
@SherbertLemonn LOL loving life
I love the scene where Isaac is just trashing all of gus' stuff and they're having a serious conversation oh my god
okay but TFIOS is so cringey but Isaac is the love of my life
Zzzzzzzzzz 
@accidentaIgay this photo is so straight it makes me uncomfortable
@ people who pretend to have mental illnesses to seem "quirky" you can have all of mine because i don't want them :-)
No I am not crying my eyes r leaking
My dad has been in Afghanistan for every birthday of mine for like seven years so this year he's gonna be here and that is so weird
@GhostlyFoxGirl guess who

@ghiblicats @jxnuarynights take cocodamol it's a stronger version of paracetamol and it works for everything
Why are we expected to do well in exams God said Adam and Eve not Adam and achieve
I'm so stressed about exams and also life in general
Can I nap for the next eight years
I love Bekah. Have I mentioned
@DEERLINGPNG hola
@doddleoddle I didn't know flats could have sex
Louise i am laughing so hard
@hollietehfgt and yet he has an audience of young impressionable people who WILL give him money.
@hollietehfgt @ghiblicats @cheerfulester no he's not there is no sarcasm in that post at all he was talking about needing money before then
ok i won't be online again today bc things but have a good night pals
if u voted for the tories give me ur bank details and u can apologise by paying everyone else's health care
@doddleoddle @SummerInTheCity dodie I'm sorry but i'm going to have to unfollow you, that smile is way too adorable and it offends me
so study leave officially begins now and my life is over
dad tried to ask how old @piercethevic was and instead said "how old is that vicar guy?" yes. vicar fuentes. lead singer of praise the veil

@accidentaIgay ME TOO I HONESTLY THINK IVE WORKED MYSELF SO HARD IM@GONNA COLLAPSE
I haven't revised today at all bc I have spent the last four days revising constantly so I'm taking a break before I collapse
@accidentaIgay ME
I miss you 
I just started crying my eyes out over a vid I took of Vic at twt hahahhahaha
Omg it's 3pm already whT the hell
2 followers.....js
To make me happy I just need pierce the veil, white chocolate and supernatural. I am so easy to please
A DIAMOND BULLET AND A GUN MADE OF GOLD SHE WAS COVERED IN BLOOD LAST SEEN IN SAN FRANCISCO
....AND KAI TURNED UP AND RUINED IT NICE
THIS IS SO CUTE AND BEAUTIFUL BUT I CAN TELL SOMETHING BAD IS GONNA HAPPEN BECAUSE IT ALWAYS DOES IN THIS FUCKING SHOW
Sex in a barn and they're late for a wedding smh
"I WILL LOVE YOU UNTIL I TAKE MY LAST BREATH ON THIS EARTH" FUCK OFF DAMON FUCK OFF RIGHT NOW U DICK
oh my god damON IS TAKING THE CURE HES TAKING THE CURE HES TAKING THE CURE PLEASE HES TAKING THE FUCKING CURE
Caroline just kiss him for fucks sake
Omg Damon just burst a football because he's pissed jfc calm yourself
Stefan butt out of damons head let him make his own decisions it's not like ur an expert on relationships honey
Bless Jo she is so scared for her wedding
oh god Francis is in so much shit
Omg reign is really dramatic this week as well are they trying to give me a heart attack
There's only one more episode of spn10 I am so emo
OH MY GOD CHARLIE IS DEAD IM ACTUALLY FUCKING CRYING 
CHARLIE WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOJNG
Castiel is the love of my life
Charlie and Castiel R friendship goals
I'm watching spn again purely because Castiel looks so confused and it's adorable
@PASTAPILOTS LOVE U SO MUCH
it's not even midday and i'm already done
My dad just walked on me singing I will always love you and eating mini cheddars this is my design
@ghiblicats remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
Guess who is staying w Bekah in June <SQUARED COOL>
@ people who live near newcastle do u wanna hang on the 21st june
I WANT THE FACT NIGEL FARAGE DIDNT GET HIS SEAT ENGRAVED ON MY GRAVESTONE AND TATTOOED ON MY FOREHEAD THERE IS A GOD
@PASTAPILOTS omg can we please revise together for psych on Sunday
The Tories are a party for the rich and well off, the fact they're in power is disgusting
I thought the possibility of the Tories being in power was a bad dream but I guess not. Time to get extremely intoxicated for five years
@onehturt my dad has to go private because the NHS refuse to pay for his health care. He has to pay thousands each month. So sit down.
I'm gonna go this is actually stressing me out I'll complain about the results in the morning
@PASTAPILOTS I'm okay Hun just stressed about this election oh man
I'm not watching bc Im too anxious lol
@DangHowell <SQUARED COOL>
.@Conservatives remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
go untreated and possibly die from either physical or mental illness, so don't you dare say this isn't an issue
- so imagine if it was privatised. People who can afford it don't understand how important free health care is, without it many people would
My family have worked for the NHS for years and ive seen how fucking incredible they can be. That all changed when funding was cut -
@_WhereIsYourGod exactly!! People need the support the NHS can give
If the NHS is privatised suicide rates will go up, fatalities from physical illness will go up, and the country will be fucked.
Ok but if the nhs gets privatised the amount of people who won't be able to afford health care and will go UNTREATED will be disgusting
I have watched the same Harry Potter film three times in the last two days
Hagrid: I can't tell you the thing
Hagrid: *tells the thing*
Hagrid: I should not have told you the thing
If homosexuals can control the weather you'd think UKIP would try and appease us not anger us and the oncoming storm
I love Firenze in Harry Potter he is a chill dude
Ok but forget about politics for a moment can we just discuss how perfect and wonderful and just angel emoji bekah is
UKIP: homophobic purple cunts 
Tories: bye bye nhs
Lib dems: liars
Green: yay! Good to youth
Labour: good for work…
Ok but no matter the outcome of the election im not gonna be happy so I'm moving to Mars who is with me
@DangHowell @accidentaIgay I DONT LOOK LIKE A CABBAGE
@DangHowell @accidentaIgay UR French there is no way we are putting U in charge frog
I'm gay and straight im the best of both worlds x  
how about we just scrap the government and put me in charge
@jetpackblews yep and it would be beyond expensive
My way of comforting my friends is to tell them to shut up until they stop hating themselves
@ghiblicats SHUT UP
@ghiblicats no
@ghiblicats love u too
My favourite thing is harry opening the broomstick in year one and genuinely not having a clue WHAT THE BROOM SHAPED PACKAGE WAS
@ghiblicats shut up
Anyway
@propsandmayhxm I know it's disgusting and damaging and I am so worried
Ok politics make me anxious im gonna sleep
If the Tories win the election Britain will have essentially royally fucked up the NHS well done
I am so scared for our country. We need a government that cares as much about us as we do, and I don't think the Tories are the answer.
If the Tories win all of us are gonna be drowning in debt and the fuck ups of our government within the next five years
UKIP THINKING THEYRE GONNA B THE BEST THING EVER YET THE EXIT POLLS SAY THEY HAVE TWO SEATS IM CRYING
@ghostpolaroids Ah well since exams are next week I think I've managed kinda !!! Thank u :)
I insult bert a lot but it's all out of love
@DangHowell NOT@LONG NOW UNTIL WE R REUNITED
@tttygrayv how am I coping U ask 

IM@NOT
@ghostpolaroids yeah we are forced to take 5 it's so dumb
I hate that we have to take five AS levels like what the fuck most places take three
A levels start on Monday !!!!!!! I know nothing !!!!!!!!!
BERT SOFI AND CHLOE DO U REMEMBER BEING PLAITED TOGETHER
@jxnuarynights RUDE
"@DangHowell: @GhostlyFoxGirl ...... I saw u last year .......... but i didn't talk to u ....................." 
I am so excited for sitc but I swear if any of U tweet me like "I saw u but didn't talk to u" I will cry IF U SEE ME TALK TO ME SMH
@GhostlyFoxGirl lmao
@ bekah I hope u know how much I love you
Zzzzzzzzz x100000000
People are so cute I am dead
I love everyone
I feel sick nice
Can I go to sleep now like is this an acceptable time
I'm constantly tired
When u pretend to agree with ur friend but inside ur like 
Omg jm gonna watch spn
me: I am so cute and beautiful fuck society's beauty standards I am stunning
also me: I hate myself why am I not thin
Ok the guy just left he is so interested in the house omg
Jack had a nosebleed bless him
Omg the guy looking round our house looks so interested heck
@DangHowell @jxnuarynights August. SITC. 11am. Be there.
@DangHowell @jxnuarynights I will give u a very violent death
@DangHowell @jxnuarynights BRING YOUR WHITE FLAG U BAGUETTE EATING FROG FACED LOOFAH U ARE GOING DOWN
@DangHowell @jxnuarynights @PASTAPILOTS sitc 2015 we can battle to the death
@DangHowell @jxnuarynights FUCK OFF FROG
@DangHowell @jxnuarynights LOOFAHS DONT HAVE LANES
Stay in your lane  
If you can vote ya'll better vote every vote counts and the outcome of this election will affect you too.
@TurnaboutAdam no just shorts ha
@TurnaboutAdam she's wearing shorts
I'm outside again waiting for the real estate agent to leave 
Our garden is so cute 
Ok walking the dog goodbye
@thxstrays @Kellinquinn TRUE YOU ARE A HOBBIT
@thxstrays @Kellinquinn HONEY PLEASE
@thxstrays @Kellinquinn NEVER
People are looking round our house again to buy it so I'm taking max for a walk
@thxstrays @Kellinquinn IM LAUGHING SO HARD OMG
therapy was shit
@Kellinquinn @thxstrays SHAN WTF
Therapy now smh
teaching bekah chemistry on FaceTime i am goals
@ghiblicats ANSWER YOUR FACETIME U RAT
"Fuck off tesco ill do what i want"
I have therapy at four hahaha no thanks
suicide jokes aren't funny ! ever ! they are disgusting ! and damaging ! and you're adding to the stigma we are trying to destroy !
HAVE A GOOD DAY TODAY !!!!!
Also has anyone heard from lyanne
I had a dream I was dating this girl whose dad was the director of twilight and I told him I preferred Harry Potter and he kicked me out
Good morning
Bekah and I are getting excited about the possibility of me driving us places im so emotional
HP finished but I don't want get up to put the next one on I am so lazy
It's been over ten years and I'm still pissed at dumbledore for messing up the house points in year one
Anyway we r getting to the unveiling of voldie under the turban and I must watch it good night to you all
I might wear my fox onesie to sitc so everyone immediately knows who I am
@DangHowell remember when we were plaited together
People can be so wonderful but some R awful and I do not understand that because it is so much easier to be kind
I'm gonna shave all of bekahs hair off in the middle of the night
They r now playing wizard chess
BERT
REBEKAH GO AWAY
U know its serious when u call them by their fullname
@ghiblicats god remembers when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine
Daniel Radcliffe is a gift
@ghiblicats remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
I swear to god SITC 2015 I am gonna punch Bekah in the face and film it
@ mitch come fight me irl
@mitchwelling me listening to UR music: :/ !!!!!!!!!
*throws revision books on table*
*takes a huge gulp of coffee*
I'm ready to get fucked up
Omg I have therapy tomorrow and I skipped last week she is gonna roast me
please let me sleep tonight
It takes me five and a half hours to get there as well fml at least I'm there for a week
I'm going the day after my birthday as well so it's like a birthday present from myself
I just got the info for the uni course I'm going on in June and omg it looks so good I'm so pumped
My driving theory stuff has arrived for revision etc and its so long smh
@lRLJOKE idk why it was caps
@lRLJOKE me too LYANNE is the most beautiful person
Please retweet this you have no idea how important this is 
i didn't take my medication today and i feel sick nice
dropping followers faster than zayn malik
i'm going to deactivate my exams to focus on twitter
Luke's header is the most cringey thing
Have I mentioned that I love Bekah ghiblicats?????
I am the human equivalent of when tights start to ladder and u try to avoid making it worse but then it catches something and life is over
@ghiblicats OK AHH if u don't go in just text me in the morning and we can study on facetime
@ghiblicats yo loser do u have school tomorrow bc if not do u want me to tutor U in all things chem
Dave is the funniest tv channel I love
@georgearthur123 I hate to break it to you but they are
1) the front bottoms lyrics OH MY GOD and 2) OH MY GOD THIS IS SO CUTE 
Remember when i was centre barrier for the world tour.    Remember when I met ptv      Hahahajabakillmehahagagahaha
Remember that people love &amp; care about you so much so you should love and care about yourself also !!!!
Stephen fry is a good egg
@ghiblicats ew
QI IS ABOUT SHAKESPEARE TONIGHT FUCK THATS IT I'M GONE BYE
vote for pierce the veil as the best fan base for the kerrang awards i swear to god
ok but when pierce the veil release a new album i think we can all agree i may need the emergency services on call
if you don't want our country run by a party of sexist, racist, xenophobic men, help save this country's government by #NotVotingUKIP
NEVE IM LAUGHING 
"you spend too much time on twitter" 
@hannah_fangirls @PASTAPILOTS @hazelisburning i can't tell if ur joking or not
girl: feminism isn't needed because i haven't experienced sexism
me: ah yes and i just ate therefore world hunger is a myth let's carry on
parents: rebecca you need to revise
me: remember when you had a life-
parents: rebec-
me: and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
my a level exams start on monday and i'm sitting here looking at zayn malik's indirects
.@ghiblicats remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
naughty boy needs jesus
i'm not a fan of one direction's music but louis tomlinson is hilarious please give that man a medal
so basically it's almost been a month since i met pierce the veil and i'm still crying
hello darkness my old friend

"remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine"
LOUIS TOMLINSON IS ON FIRE I AM CHEERING HIM ON
ok but the bitchfight between louis and naughty boy has me more stressed than my a level exams
"@zaynmalik @Louis_Tomlinson remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?" me to @ghiblicats
@butfirsttea YES OH MY GOD I LAUGHED SO HARD
just a reminder that my english teacher has a poster of one direction in his classroom and has blacked out zayn
LOUIS ZAYN AND NAUGHTY BOY SMACK DOWN
@doddleoddle this is me on so many levels
Ya'll should follow me 
@hazelisburning LOTTIE AND@I GOT RLLY EMOTIONAL ABOUT U MEETING ED ON FACETIME AND NOW IM GONNA CRY
I feel so much calmer about exams after speaking to lottie
@thxstrays OMFG I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU HONESTLY PLEASE
@thxstrays IM CRYING FOR YOU
@thxstrays YOURE SO LUCKY I WISH I WAS GOJNG
Been on FaceTime w the real pastapilots for two hours I love this loser
I hope everyone has a good day today
The only people I want to talk to right now R either offline or asleep this is why I wish Internet friends were IRL friends
The bags under my eyes r way over the baggage allowance
@ghiblijpg PLEASE CAN I HUG U
I love u so hard <PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART> 
Advice for future a level students: don't do it.
I've had a headache for the last sixteen years and I call it life
Missing this loser so hard 
I love Bekah more than anything I don't know how I got lucky enough to have them in my life
It's very unlikely I will be on here much for the next week I'm not doing too great
@PASTAPILOTS nono it's okay
Wow yeah mental disorders R so quirky and cool :)))))))) I haven't stopped crying for five days :))))))))
Having a serious relapse in my recovery and I only have six days until A level exams. Nice timing Rebecca :-)
Please be good to yourselves and each other. You are golden. Good night <DIZZY SYMBOL>
I don't know why I have friends I am such trash
I'm really scared that I'm going to spend my adult years doing a job I hate and never fulfilling any of the ambitions I have now
@Tony_Turtle come to the dark side tony people think we're horrible but you should really sith for yourself
i am so stressed over how perfect sofi is
@baratkat just follow me x 1000000
@baratkat ur follow ratio is goals
what is the thing ppl associate me with
SOFI WHATISASOPHIE IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS FORGET THE NEW ROYAL BABY
@lRLJOKE my loves
@whatisasophie i am so in love
@ghiblijpg SMILE
whats the point of spending another month after exams in school to start A2 courses like what is the point of that
@ouranliguori oh okay that explains it because you have like finals each year right?? u dont do like nationals
@accidentaIgay this is what they're doing w me but i'm like 80% sure i'm leaving
ppl asking why i have to go back to sixth form after I've done my AS exams: i'm in year 12, year 12s have to go back
@ouranliguori ahh what year are you in
@annaxlanna because its year 12
i hate the fact that on june 8th i have to go back to sixth form even though i would have done all my exams i hate life
@ouranliguori oh well if u dont have exams then thats probably why u have so much time left
so i have four more days of school, then five weeks of exams, and then i have to go back for 7 weeks i hate everything
@accidentaIgay prolonged exposure to me
@ouranliguori are you doing gcses bc thats probably why
four more days of school hahahahahahha kill me
@_anon_con OMG THIS IS SO CUTE
@lRLJOKE PLEASE
GONNA watch Big Bang theory and cry over how much I love Leonard bye
I love Twitter but I hate it because I can't use my laptop or phone without somehow ending up here
Why am I watching home improvement shows
I love u 
Love Bekah but I also hate Bekah
@Scphietab this is me whenever I look at a past paper for f322
I AM SO IN LOVE W U  
@jetpackblews @ me next time xoxoxo
An unknown number has left me a voicemail what do I do
@ghiblicats 
@ghiblicats fuck off
@ghiblicats rats live in sewers so U must feel at home
Lenka is a great egg
@ghiblijpg its okay it was......corny
@ghiblijpg love u
@ghiblijpg I CANT FIGHT U I CRY AT ANY FORM OF ALTERCATION
@ghiblicats 
@ghiblijpg ME
@sophielweeden ITS SUCH A STRUGGLE
The thing about gcse is that losing five marks or so doesn't make a difference but at a level you can lose a whole grade sometimes two
If you're super stressed about exams but can't bring yourself to revise clap your hands
A 60 mark exam and 100 mark exam for chemistry along w 40 marks from coursework and I'm gonna get a strong 4 overall probably
So many of my favourite bands are performing at reading frick MY FAVOURITE band are playing at reading I wish it wasn't so expensive
@lRLJOKE NO
Bekah and Milly R so beautiful I cry
@lRLJOKE @ghiblijpg @ghiblicats I JUST STARTED CRYING
:-) 
I love kids in glass houses so much their music makes me feel so motivated
I've made a list of everything I struggle with in my subjects and its a lot I am so screwed
Beautiful scars on critical veins
@lRLJOKE looks like she's got nowhere to stay for sitc ://////
The royal baby is called Charlotte my mum owes me £20
@ghiblicats I hate u
@lRLJOKE WELL TELL BEKAH THEYRE A RAT AND I HATE THEM
This time last year I wasn't in school, I was self harming every day and I didn't think I'd live to see 16. 
Yet I'm here. 
You can do it.
@lRLJOKE OMFG
DARE. ME. TO JUMP. OFF OF THIS JERSEY BRIDGE I bet YOU never hAD A FRiday nIGHT liKE THIS
@lRLJOKE SEND ME A PIC RIGHT NOW
Also I drank like half a bottle of grapefruit juice earlier and im not supposed to because of my medication so now I feel sick
Envy me and my productivity 
If I do not get an A in chemistry after the amount of work I put into this I will kill someone 
you me at six R eggs but I love them
oi stop unfollowing me exams r in a week i need ur support
@pixiiefication @hannah_fangirls love the fans xoxoxox
"@lRLJOKE how can any1 b straight when becki exists , she is a goddess" OMG
hazel is so beautiful i honestly do not understand how she exists
can people doing GCE OCR Chem A send me some enthalpy past paper questions because i can't find any and its the only thing i havent revised
My house is RLLY cold so I wrapped myself in a bunch of towels after my shower and I look like a nun 
I cried so much in the shower listening to pierce the veil I was probably bathing more in my own tears than the water
Dropping followers faster than Beyoncé dropped her album
@DefineIdeal but they don't THink it's gonna help it is literally just proED and accs like it that do that
IF YOURE READING THIS AND HAVE EXAMS SOON, GOOD LUCK!!!!! U will do your best and that's all that matters, no matter your results <PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART>
@feelslikefob I know oh my god
People who say things like "retweet and i won't kill myself/self harm/starve myself" are the reason mental illness has such a stigma.
A real friend would get their friend professional help not use their problems to get retweets.  
Someone who is actually suicidal won't be magically cured by retweets sweetheart. Stop being so disrespectful  
"50 retweets and my friend won't kill herself" shut the fuck up. It's attention seeking and disrespectful to use mental illness for retweets
My first a level exam is a week today I'm so scared
MY PARENTS  
I am so in love w David Tennant
@lRLJOKE @ghiblicats U better send me exclusive selfies or I'm gonna dump both UR asses
I've had bad dreams every night for the past week that is not gd
May the forth. Be with you
I hope everyone is feeling good today
I am just one huge freckle 
I love bank holidays
This is the latest I've slept in all weekend
Zzzzzzzzzzzz ?
When people romanticise anxiety I'm just like. Ok tell me more as I feel knives scrape up and down my throat and my chest tightening 24/7
Ok but I feel like I'm gonna be sick
@animekittens this is actually what I did last Thursday
Why do we say things R as cool as a cucumber. Why r cucumbers the coolest thing. Who decided that. Why are some vegetables cooler than other
In a week I have my first a level exam and I'm panicking so much internally but on the outside I look cool as a cucumber
Things will get better if u think they will. Negative attitude = negative outcome. Remember that it will b all ok
I want everyone to b happy and I understand that this is not possible always so I want U to know that I am here for u
I believe that is U  
Thank u
Can someone on Twitter on a desktop Dm me a screenshot of my account I need to check something
The amount of nights i have depended on @mitchwelling's music to prevent panic attacks is too many to count
I want to play jenga but no one is awake and it's no fun by myself
I love jess. So much
OH MY GOD WATCH THIS VIDEO JESS MADE 
@charIottejpg virtualmoth !!!
@elliosaurus thanks Hun <DIZZY SYMBOL>
Be positively wonderful to yourselves and each other, good night <DIZZY SYMBOL>
Ok well I'll b on tumblr if ya'll need me
I'm worried about Bekah
I love the art community on tumblr I want to kiss them all
Remember when three Twitter accounts dedicated to @christianovelli's fish Hudson all fought over my love I'm laughing
In other news 
I hate the Internet people just yell at each other for no reason
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery again- you directed it at me. There's no need for it.
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery so why direct it at me? You're ranting at me about something I wasn't even doing
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery oh my god I'm not bitter are you even listening to me I was just telling Emma why people were saying shit
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery you're saying "you" but not at one point have i expressed my opinion. I stated what I've observed.
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery please don't make an argument out of nothing.
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery I know I'm not saying that??? Ur acting like I'm attacking her I'm literally just saying why people R annoyed
@animenovelli I'm fine ppl are just ridiculous
I wasn't even being hateful and I still have people arguing w me in my mentions
@sadradlarryaf @emmablackery I never said it was easy ??? But she does have it lucky compared to others. I'm not hating on her
@Outlaw_Monkey ????? I'm not saying you have to compare I'm literally just stating why there's shit going down
@emmablackery youre* that annoyed me sorry
@emmablackery while that may be true I think people were trying to say that there are harder jobs!! Like that your lucky in some ways
@emmablackery woah I'm not hating or anything I'm just saying, you were talking about how people don't appreciate how hard U work etc and
She needs to accept the fact her job is one of the easiest out there it may be hard for her I don't dispute that but she's lucky
@Beckiiofficial yes OMG don't get me started on those ppl
@GhostlyFoxGirl tell me again how your job is hard when my dad had a risk of being blown up every night an got paid half of what you get.
Ok but there are some youtubers that get paid more than my dad did when he lived in a tent in an Afghan army base for six years.
Quick watch this 
@christianovelli Doing this as we speak
@trxshfairy its ridiculous ppl are getting mad over something that actually helps others
Yes, UKIP are great 
@desolationhoe its a type of therapy

Ok so dodie made an asmr video ????????? That actually helps a lot of people ?????? Just because U don't like it doesn't mean it's wrong
@christianovelli but it doesn't rain inside!!!!!!! Haha!!!!!!!! What's up with that!!!!!!!! I am so alone
What has dodie done
@GhostlyFoxGirl I still can't believe
I actually blacked out for a moment just now that hasn't happened in months
“The only sound I can hear is the sound of my own breath against my pillow, the shallow inhale and exhale of … 
Just how I'm feeling. @ 
Ahh things aren't great so I'm gonna go
Look after yourself
Why do I care so much about everything I would give anything to just not care about anyone or anything for a day
If u follow my private can u go over there a sec thank u
Tell your new friends that they don't know you like I do
Fuckfuckfuck
We have a bank holiday tomorrow and that is the source of my happiness right now
Unfollowing me won't make blackers shut up about her career
Do u ever get so sad that U get goosebumps
@jetpackblews son
@walkingonrivers love u
I'm gonna hold your hand so tight I'm gonna break my wrist
21 weeks clean 
Love yourself today. Take a moment to let yourself relax and appreciate ur life
Why does my mother think that I can't hear her talking about me when I'm upstairs the walls aren't that thick Sandra
My whole arm esp. My wrist is bruised and I have loads of like weird marks on it I have no idea what's happening
Mitch welling is such a dick how dare he make such good music
@noctaIia omg no I was kidding bless u
I want someone to b so in love w me someday that the thought of me being on this earth makes them smile
Back off bekahs mine  

Blue October are good people
Ok but youtubers complain about how hard their jobs are and that might be true but 98% of people have it harder.
Parent: we brought U into this world!!!
Ok great but maybe work on making me feel like U want me here
Why do ppl think it's ok to treat their kids like shit because they "brought them into the world" like yes YOU did so look after them.
Nvm I got screamed at the moment I went downstairs let's not have lunch today
I'm gonna go get myself some pasta
I really want some pasta
@me_dicinal tysm !!
@theprtyscene <TWO HEARTS>
Gdgdgdgd 
<DIZZY SYMBOL>21 weeks clean<DIZZY SYMBOL>
My mum just called me a fuck nugget because I dropped my packet of crisps on the floor
I always freak myself out about the future I don't think I should ever be allowed to be an adult
I'm losing motivation so I'm gonna save it by listening to uptown funk

There r nicer people than me !!!!!!!!! Always !!!! I just like 2 help 
And before someone makes a smartass  comment about me being on Twitter Ive spent the whole weekend so far working and im taking a break
@ghiblicats she is still a baby in my eyes
Exams may b an unfair measure of intelligence but u can do ur best to showcase what u can do if u work hard !!! I'm cheering U on buddy
U might enjoy being on Twitter all day now but when it comes to ur exams U will b kicking urself for not doing work in this time!!!!
The "I'll do it later" attitude will not get U the results U want and deserve !!!! Even revising a single topic can go a long way
If u have exams soon take half an hour revising a topic ur struggling with!!! 30 mins could be enough to change the outcome of an exam !!!!
Yo!!! If u have revision to do and ur putting it off, don't !!! The sooner U do it, the sooner the stress to do it will reduce !!!!
Sometimes I remember when I was barrier for decade, divided by Friday, man overboard and mayday parade and I get RLLY happy
...one follower. Js
i spend way too much time watching wedding proposals on youtube
edge of tonight is such an incredible song i havent stopped crying since i first heard it
dodie clark is a good egg
@accidentaIgay THIS IS WHY I LOVE U
@accidentaIgay OOOOOOHHHHHHHHH
@TurnaboutAdam I CANT HEAR YOU
@accidentaIgay I CANT HEAR YOU
ARE U READY KIDS
I'm gonna get up at 9
226 awesome users just followed me. Via @FindUnfollower 
Do I get out of bed
Ive woken up so early both YDAY and today what is wrong w me
@lxnlyhouseplant Tgnx so much angel !!!
I have mayday parade stuck in my head
Good morning
:-(
U can do it!!!! U!!! Can !!!! Do !!! It!!!! The thing U think u can't do??? U can totally do it!!!! Do it. Because u can. I promise !!
I wish I could just like throw bad thoughts into the trash for recycling into nicer thoughts
Happy Sunday
Why won't you two date ? — BC she's my best friend 
Pro tip: don't look at old pictures of yrself at your LW
Looking through some of my old text posts. Here's one for you 
BE GOOD TO YOURSELF. U ARE A COLLECTION OF ATOMS THAT ONCE MADE UP THE STARS. U ARE A BEAUTIFUL CREATION. TREAT YOURSELF LIKE ONE.
@christianovello FUCK OFF
Anyway here's wonderwall
Bc of the Internet I'm educated on a lot of things I probably wouldn't have been but I also can't go five minutes without feeling offended
@92_timmy .....im@kidding lmao
How can anyone b completely straight when everyone is so hot
@accidentaIgay it is an Art
17 people should follow me xoxo
I'm so tired but I'm also RLLY awake I hate
@accidentaIgay I read  aubergine and I was like ???????
I love Jon Richardson
@GhostlyFoxGirl I'm
Life is so complicated I am giving it up to become a celestial being
@GhostlyFoxGirl retweeting this is not an answer I am confused and offended
17 followers until 4.7k what the heck ???
@baratkat ur eyes r so pretty and I love ur hands I'm so weird
Tfw I've seen Bekah more times this year than I've socialised w IRL people
I understand how Phan feel
@imaginekerrie I WILL FIND OUT IF IM FREE OKAY AND I WILL WORK OUT PRICES ETC OK OMG IM SO
u + bekah r like phan
u love eachother + everyone is trying 2 force u 2 b together — THIS IS SO TRUE LITERALLY 
@imaginekerrie I actually will
Why aren't u dating — She's a rat 
tbh date bekah — Omg 
Do ppl actually think Bekah and I are dating
Bekah and you are such an adorable couple I want a relationship like yo... — Omg sweetie we aren't dating !!! Bless 
#RelationshipGoals 
Bekah is like the blue haired hot version of me
@ghiblicats as it should be
@ghiblicats ur rat like features
I wanna date madi g. @ madi g date me. Date me MADI g. Madi g. Will u. Date. Me. Ghostlyfoxgirl. 
A) yes
B) a
C) b
"Becki pls date me" said everyone on ask fm ever
When I die I want my ashes mixed into some American candy. See how much @EvanEdinger likes it then.
@jetpackblews son
@doddleoddle tell Evan I'm still mad at him for picking American candy over British sweets at UR birthday gathering
Jack Howard is hot and he can Sing that's it I'm out I'm deactivating bye
I love cute girls pasta and Brendon urie
This girl is probs taller than me
It's 9pm and I want to sleep
@jxnuarynights WTF IS WRONG W US
@jxnuarynights WHY HAVENT WE MET UP
@jxnuarynights I DIDNT OMFG
@jxnuarynights THAT IS SO CLOSE TO ME ???
@jxnuarynights WHAT
@jxnuarynights wait a second. Do u live in beaconsfield
@ghiblijpg no
THESE GRANDPAS ARE SO NOVELLI
Groovy grandpas. Do u mean me and @accidentaIgay
@ghiblicats love u too babe xoxoxox
The woman with the wigs she is me
@JackAllTimeLow disgusting
OMG @ghiblicats IS ON BRITAINS GOT TALENT?????? 
THE GUY DANXING ON BGT IM DUXKINF LIGHIFN MY ASS OFF
Exams start in just over a week 
My dad is downstairs watching BGT by himself ha nerd
@ouranliguori U are
@boydivisicn no U don't understand my thighs R ugly af
I am so jealous of ppl with nice legs
@ghiblijpg UR LEGS LENKA I AM SO IN LOVE
@grinning_ghost loml
Girls can dress how they want stop trying to make our lives harder than your dick when u see exposed skin just because u lack self control.
do any of u have this fear that all ur mutuals have u muted and hate u
I DON'T WANT TO LEAVE WITHOUT YOU BURIED BY MY SIDE I'D RATHER KILL THE ONE RESPONSIBLE FOR FALLING STARS AT NIGHT
What the fuck it's half seven already ?!
I have done so much work today and I'm still going this is incredible
don't you ask me if its love my dear love don't really mean a thing round here
George Craig do u mean love of my life
@ghiblicats that's no way to talk to royalty
@GhostlyFoxGirl why
@ me next time xo  
@PASTAPILOTS fuck off xo
for someone who isn't funny i laugh at my own jokes a lot
@ghiblijpg MY LIFE
yes !!!!!  
@soinIove OMG LOL
@christianovelli when I feel alone I read strawberry swamp and feel like we know each other. Thank u
@GhostlyFoxGirl @PASTAPILOTS
If you do not understand maybe it is not meant to be. 
I AM SO OFFENDED BY THIS POST 
Planetary (GO!) is such a motivational song its so upbeat like FUCK YEAH GET UP AND GO
Bekah is gonna find literally around 400 messages on her phone when she next checks it. I'm not kidding. Just wait and see
Wtf that got so many retweets why
#RoyalBaby was born on the anniversary of the battle of hogwarts and if that isn't so completely british i dont know what is
GIMME GIMME GIMME SOME OF THAT VAMPIRE MONEY C'MON
I've done so much revision today
u should watch my videos i took time off revision to do those for u
I'm such a loser
If the child when she's older decides she doesn't want to wear pink or that shes in fact not cisgender then that's okay, but she's a newborn
Just because pink is attached to the supposed "female" image doesn't mean girls can't wear it. Let them be
A baby can't make the decision to choose colours it wants to wear so they chose a colour associated with their biological sex. Get over it
The royal family dressing their daughter in pink isnt transphobic or forcing gender roles they are literally just putting their kid in pink
@GhostlyFoxGirl @AlexAllTimeLow :)
@GhostlyFoxGirl IM LAUGJING AY MYSELF


ok but i am kicking ass in maths at the moment. kicking. ass. give me an award
like my profile picture xoxoxo 
@GhostlyFoxGirl HELL YEAH

I TOLD THIS JOKE TO MY MUM AND SHE SAID IM MORE LIKE A SERVANT THANKS SO MUCH MOTHER
Just finished another past paper and I've gotta mark it now wow I'm being productive
name the baby ghostlyfoxgirl
i had to check whether my heart rate was more than normal for my anxiety log and its 66bpm which is the least its been in like 4 years lol
@kerxsenehearts it's very hard but U get used to t w practise !!!!
@trxshfairy God blesses U
@accidentaIgay oh my god
#RoyalBaby ok but hold up there is only room for one princess around here and that's me. Stay in your lane 
94% on a decision maths paper I feel so good now I am rewarding myself w a milkshake
@accidentaIgay love u bud
My chest hurts nice
So I did a D1 past paper and got 68/72 that has boosted my confidence so much Nice!!
right guys if i come back online before 12pm i want you to yell at me because i'm dedicating the next 1.5 hours to revision alright
revision time
my parents r being so bitchy to me today like they r literally talking about me downstairs like I CANT HEAR WHAT THEYRE SAYING
@TurnaboutAdam can't drive until i take lessons bud !
heck yh i have my provisional
I can hear my parents talking about me downstairs thanks so much
Good morning
@ffauxaffliction BLESS U
@hazelisburning this is me on so many levels it hurts
I'm gonna go back to sleep BC IM LAMe
Chris is getting me pumped for sitc
I've been asleep all this time smh I'm such a child
"Anal hat"
I'm so tired
Could've saw Chris in July but I'm going to Wales on that weekend HAHAHAHA KILL ME
@Phoebegroves please
Can one of you tweet me at 8pm to wake up I'm gonna have a nap thanks
I was feeling ok and then ????
I might go to sleep
I'm RLLY stressed about a levels I need five As this year and A*A*A next year
My self confidence lasts about half a day and then goes for five or so months
I regret taking so many selfies today I now hate them all BC ew nice !
@vegetabooI sometimes destiny is thrust upon us
@pokemma I TOOK TIPS FROM U
@crystxlcave omg bless
@theprtyscene THEY R GOOD FOR PIANO AND THAT IS ALL
@vegetabooI I will give u a middle name. It is now Quiché
I'm inside that was a waste of time
IM SORRY OK  
Dad just rang me and the real estate agent is done already???? Wtf. Ok going home
I found this on a house I walked past 
@whatisasophie LOL
Ok im@taking max and jack out for a walk BC IM bored AF bye


@lRLJOKE SHHHH
@lRLJOKE OMG NO ITS AWFUL

@beckymacdonaId LIKE U
I am literally outside w my siblings as the real estate agent snoops around and takes photos of my house smh I feel like a dog
My reaction to being put outside like an animal BC the real estate agent wants to look around 
@jxnuarynights loml
Long weekends R the source of my happiness
I can't have a nap BC of the real estate agents coming soon and I have to leave the house w jack and sam thnx so much
My brother is ill so he's watching cartoons in my room w me bless 
@ghiblicats "accidentally"
I was laughing when I took this 
@ghiblicats I love back
@bi0musicology I LOVE HIM SM
@lRLJOKE loving u
I'm really happy you're alive
@GhostlyFoxGirl this is flopping so hard
I have hiccups
I need pasta
Date me
I've bruised my wrist in three different places I don't understand how
@lRLJOKE PLS I will cry
It's sosososo cold and at six pm tonight we have ppl coming round to view our house so I have to stay outside and I'm probably gonna die
@lRLJOKE my love
I have cat eyes
@GhostlyFoxGirl UR letting my best selfies flop how. Dare you
Did no one know jack barakat can sing I thought it was common knowledge

@lRLJOKE there is enough love for everyone
@lRLJOKE but Bekah :////
I actually like these selfies this is a one in a million thing
@lRLJOKE LOVE OF MY LIF E
CONGRATS ON MAKING IT THROUGH ANOTHER WEEK!!!!! Have some selfies <SQUARED COOL><DIZZY SYMBOL> 
omg i was trying to take a selfie but i started laughing i look crazed
my bro got sent home from school bc he's ill lmao we r all home now except my sister
@ghiblicats u wouldnt have revised well if u were tired so rlly that was a better way to spend ur time
i spend way too much time watching auditions on youtube
@lRLJOKE PLEASE
im so cold what
@lRLJOKE LOVE U
@animekittens thank u for making me cry
Lily just snapped damons neck well that's nice
SHES HUMAN AGAIN IM@GONNA FUCKING CRY MY EYE SOUT
Oh my god she's remembering everything that happened im@so
OH MY GOD IM SO EMO
THEYRE TAKING T
oh my god they're gonna take the cure I'm so fucking emo
Please say yes elena please say yes I'm gonna cry
Damian's face when he kidnapped ric I'm laughing my ass off
Omg the bachelorette and bachelor parties in TVD is making me laugh my ass off
I've taken so many selfies today smh
My dad just got home and he is in so much pain bless
Done for today
@shhh_its_taken UR such an angel
@TurnaboutAdam loml
@ RT this dicks
@TurnaboutAdam same but in sixth form U can use UR phone in the study centre and library
ITS MAY FIRST 2015
YOU HELD ON TILL MAY AGAIN
Ok but the wifi in the sixth form study centre is so bad smh why would u
@TurnaboutAdam lmao love u

@_starrypie I love u
@wixtersoldier <SQUARED COOL><SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
@ghostlygalaxies Love u
@TurnaboutAdam good breeding (I'm kidding tysm)
@_starrypie YO
@jxnuarynights ILYSM
Bless ur soup
@lxnlyhouseplant bless ur soul
@jxnuarynights I LOVE U
@ don't let this flop my eyes r pretty love me
@TurnaboutAdam bless u
It ya girl becki 
She's blocking everyone who disagrees with her BC she knows she's problematic I love Twitter dot com
@truedunknown don't take it as an attack on you, I'm just saying that your opinion can b seen as damaging
@truedunknown that's not what I'm saying? You're saying we shouldn't be taught about mental health and that's wrong
.@truedunknown R somehow freakish or messed up when in fact there R ways to support them. Mental health is important to talk about
.@truedunknown genuinely damaging. If people get ill and don't know about MH it can cause them to become isolated in fear that they -
.@truedunknown this is so damaging. I agree w UR point about glamourising MH because that's 100% wrong, but not learning about it can be -
@animekittens what if I send u a pic back tho
If your pro-ED unfollow me right now I don't want to be anywhere near your toxic opinions x
why do i keep crying
ZZZZZZ ZZZZZZZzzzzz
@_Alicii_ I HATE EVERYTHING
@_Alicii_ oH MY GOD ALICE
Gonna watch reign now
at least bekah isn't retweeting them all bc that would b even more annoying smh i hate them
@doddleoddle your figure is perfect, wear what you want and don't let your self image hold you back from that
spn is too good for this world
Cas is being such a dad to Claire amazing
Claire being reunited w her mom IM IN TEARS
Cas treats Dean like a little kid LMAO
Have I mentioned that I love supernatural so much
Jimmy Novak my angel
when i saw all time low in brisbane it was a venue of about 400 people in it and it was so intimate so wembley was just like WOAH
i miss them so much 
im gonna watch the new spn and then sleep I'm so lame bye
I love this photo of @ghiblicats :) 
AOT is a fave, can you tell? 
I'm probably gonna stay on my private today if thats alright. Be good to others and yourself. Good night
@AaronTHastings love u Aaron <PURPLE HEART>
@hawaiianhowell @ghiblicats
I am forever thankful for the people who care about me even when I don't care about myself. U are good people
My best friend &gt; 
:( bye
I just had the biggest breakdown about school and life and my mental health lol I love my life
@GhostlyFoxGirl APPRECIATE THIS AOT FANS
My new bag just came and it's such good quality I'm so emo 
I am so. Wnemksndbdnd today sorry if I'm not online
The phandom need to realise that dan and phil are more than ten years older than them and can handle their fans. They aren't children.
#blackoutforphan is a ridiculous hashtag they're grown men they aren't yours to "protect" stop being so theatrical
Sorry for being dumb
I feel so :-(
Yes I am. Crumpet. Tea. Angry  
@ladlirry this just came up on my tl and I actually wanted to cry UR so hot
I feel guilty bc IM missing maths but I feel so ill so
Just got sent home by the school nurse. Nice
Exams are soon 
IM GOING TO FAIL CHEMISTRY SMH
I RLLY don't want to go to school today
DATE ME — Ahhhh 
It's fine I guess I'm super awkward and try my best to talk so... — Ahh I really am sorry i will try and reply more 
@erinp0ynter this made me so EMO
I'm trying my best to but you don't reply a lot of th... — Oh gosh I'm sorry!!! It's not anything personal somet... 
Is there any chance you will? :c — Ah I only follow people I talk to regularly !!!! If we start talking then yes 
Why does everyone wanna date me on ask.fm have U seen me
I wish you followed me on Twitter I really wanna be your friend!! — Aw ur so sweet 
Do you believe in witches and wizards? — Heck YH 
Ugh. You're so cute that it hurts me. Marry me pls — What is w everyone 
I wanna date you so much omg — Omg 
I have such a crush on you — Bless 
My brother won't shut up and I'm gonna scream nice
@accidentaIgay good luck love
Have a good day today pals <TWO HEARTS>
Is vent still not working ?
@accidentaIgay <SQUARED COOL>
Smh Chris is a stalker 
Wish my dad luck today!!! He has surgery today :(
@ghiblicats @tidalrunawaves excuse me I took that pic it is quality
Bekah is too good for this world
I'm feeling ://// so I'm gonna log off. Gd night
If u have vent hmu @ bcki
I'm rlly thankful for all the ppl who have been here for me U know who u are I couldn't ask for better friends
Self harm scars R not tragically beautiful. What's beautiful is when they fade and prove U r kickass!!!! Romanticise recovery. Not self harm
If I knew u IRL it would b five right. Right ?? Right welling ??? RIGHT??  
I love people who U could spend months not talking to but when u do u talk like u were never apart in the first place
@adfghjklauren social anxiety is an anxiety disorder. I get what UR saying but there are many different anxiety disorders like I have GAD
RLLY not feeling posi tonight oh man
We have no scales in this house I am so angry
Ok but if u support Jason or Karim or any of the outed sexual abusers 1) what are you doing and 2) what !!!!! Are !!!!! U !!!!! Doing
@parkunion I understand
It's the last day of April tomorrow this year has gone too fast I don't like it
I ordered an attack on titan bag yday I think it's coming tomorrow omg
22) my grades, police brutality, transphobia, ableism and just ignorance RLLY
21) "my baby. Love u loser"
20) ? Thank u <TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS>
19) I've only been in one relationship for three months lmao
17) this bc it takes so long
16) I facetimed my old maths tutor and sang for him
15) every ptv song
14) I crack my knuckles constantly
13) fuck marry kill then I'll do twitter PPl instead and say Bekah for all three
12) a levels oh gosh
11) someone I hate bc I think after ten years alone on an island w someone U love u'd start to hate them. I can deal for a month
10) I don't like to lie tbh
9) how Bekah doesn't love herself
8) I don't go out LOL
7) I pretty much hate everything about how I look except my eyes
6) oh god I would spend it on such crap I'm so bad with money
5) I talk to myself, spend way too much time naked, sing to hsm, nothing else RLLY lmao
4) this week has been p awful but I got my provisional license ay
@PASTAPILOTS yes
3) selfishness, thinking I should dress up for them, their double standards, intimidating nd also too hot I can't handle
2) I've been compared to musical Bethan a lot but not anyone else rlly !!
1) I don't rlly /like/ anyone at the moment but there's this one cute ass mf
Fave this or send me numbers <PURPLE HEART> 
My birthplace 
Beautiful scars on critical veins
@_thatgirllizzie yes OFC ask away !!
I woke up from my nap and thought it was morning and freaked myself out
Sleepy egg 
I am not feeling good I am gonna go for a bit ahh
Banquet records R so rude on Twitter smh
I'm rlly scared that I'm never gonna b good enough for anyone <SQUARED COOL>
@ghiblicats I would take U to prom
@ghiblicats love u rat
@ghiblicats me too I didn't revise for GCSEs bc MH and now it's happening again ahhhhhhhhhhh
Would anyone judge me if I went and had a nap bc I honestly feel like I'm gonna cry I'm so tired
I'm exhausted constantly I get home from school and have to lie down how the hell do people do revision
@banquetrecords hi, my friend @ghiblicats has been trying to contact you as a product she ordered hasn't arrived, can you please dm her?
@ghiblicats they are so fucking awful
I love the sun newspaper. Full of such wonderful, breaking news. 
Just applied for my provisional license heck yh
Schools over God bless
In psychology we googled and found out that a blue whale has a penis eight feet long
None of my psychology table will take a selfie w me :-(

@ghiblicats LOVE U
Just had a breakdown in psychology over how im@gonna fail everything
@ghiblicats don't let the fame ruin U
It's lunch time and I'm in the library by myself (again) lmao love life
@ghiblicats no
LOL 
@omgitshollz omg bless you <PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART>
freya: happy birthday
Can't believe it's both Freya AND kerenza's birthday. What a coincidence?????
@snowychristian HAPPY BIRTHDAY FREYA !!!!!!!!!! <PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART>
@relivethestory HAPPY BIRTHDAY KERENZA HAVE A GOOD DAY <TWO HEARTS>
I had a dream last night that @mitchwelling got RLLY angry with me for not tweeting him for a while??? Like he refused to pick up my calls
I have to go to school in twenty minutes U guys have twenty minutes to run me over w a car gogogo
I feel so sorry for ppl who r biphobic like man. U think ur opinion matters 2 me. U think I'm gonna stop loving girls AND boys bc U said so?
"Bisexuals are greedy!!!" ur just scared we will steal ur friends AND ur boyfriends w our selfish yet beautiful ways
My plan is so marry an old rich man and take his money. I am disgusting
The closer it gets to exams the more I wish I was filthy rich and didn't need good results to be able to live my life
I kind of miss having a uniform for school because I don't have enough clothes to wear nice things
Wrapping myself in a duvet for school doesn't break any of the dress code regulations so I'm thinking about it
HAVE A GOOD DAY!! ITS WEDNESDAY WHICH MEANS UR HALFWAY THROUGH THE WEEK ALREADY HOW GREAT IS THAT
I'm rlly sleepy oh man
Good morning pals !!!
Love yourself even if you feel like no one else does.
I am such an english stereotype I even have the stereotypical accent and obsessive love for tea and strongly worded letters
The "most likely to say something fcking stupid" chart on #BallotMonkeys made me laugh so hard
#BallotMonkeys is absolutely hilarious I've never seen television so accurately describe our government
@lRLJOKE the best time
DID U KNOW: U MEAN THE WORLD TO SO MANY PEOPLE. UR FANTASTIC
Boris Johnson is a gift
Bekah throwing shade
@ghiblicats I'm laughing so hard SLAY
@ghiblijpg glad to know u also !!!! <TWO HEARTS><SQUARED COOL>
If u want me iMessage or DM me I'm gonna read a book
I have a full day tomorrow and I'm stressed about exams. Gd gd gd
Madi g is such a princess
I still haven't started the work I need to do for therapy why do I always do this you'd think I would learn after four years
I am so sleepy man
me: *pulls out stuffed fox* I'm a taxidermist
date: Oh wow
fox: and a ventriloquist
@lanaswinters ah yes. Best buds
Lenka and I have literally been talking for three and a half hours now,,,, new friends r coolcoolcool
@ghiblicats please
I am so upset my girlfriend is so hot and I am so gay 
@ghiblicats U love it
@ghiblicats fuck off u cutie p
Hope everyone is being good to themselves tonight <TWO HEARTS>
I've decided I'm gonna just get my hair trimmed next week and keep the colour but after exams I'm gonna dye it purple
I wanna dye my hair purple like bright purple should I do it
Everyone is dyeing their hair blue Bekah they're in UR lane
@ghostexplorer_ I know smh I have a spare somewhere I just need to find it oh gosh
Guess who lost their inhaler. It me
I'm gonna zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
You and Bekah are friendship goals. Did you know that? — Omg bless everyone says this I am so happy 
Do not watch suicide room if you are triggered by self harm suicide and manipulation !!!!! Just don't. I couldn't sleep for weeks after it
I just saw a tweet that said that homosexuality is a myth. Im@logging out
I want Bekah to bump into nigel Farage in her town and take a selfie w him
I genuinely believed that Meghan trainor was a badly made meme for at least two weeks before I realised she was a person
I just want to get exams over with honestly
@BODIESINBOXES_ we need to gather all of the troops and take a group selfie
@baratkat I know smh stay in ur lane
@BODIESINBOXES_ omg UR name is Rebecca that's it we r meeting
@walkingonrivers I wanna give u hugs bless u
Idk some weird rat she has blue hair and a nose ring smh  
*wants to do maths and artificial science at uni*
*is getting bad grades*
Did I mention. I love Bekah
@walkingonrivers UR SO LOVELY PLS
@noctaIia @ghiblicats a good you tho!!!!! There needs to b nicer ppl on the web like u
@noctaIia @ghiblicats u are so lovely honestly thank u <TWO HEARTS>
You're such and angel you're so kind and have such a great ... — You are so lovely thank you so much !!!!!!! Oh wow 
do u find (if ur teachers r the same) tht your relati... — Ah I have completely different teachers this year BC ... 
@noctaIia @ghiblicats omg I'm so sorry she's been getting a lot of hate so I just kinda assumed !!!
Sitc last year was amazing but this year is gonna be 10x better because I'm so much closer to everyone
@ghiblicats ahh don't give everything away Bekah !!!
U can have @ghiblicats she is a rat I hate her  
@ghiblicats @noctaIia don't respond Bekah, block!
@ghiblicats it's a great episode. Spoiler alert but there's a fight scene!! Xx
@hawaiianhowell <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
Are me and Bekah dating? Is it all a scam? Or is it real love? Find out next week on the only way is made in essex chelsea glee
thank you for following me on twitter just wanted to ... — You're an angel you're so welcome tysm for being here !! 
Are a levels really hard because I'm doing my GCSEs a... — Ahh honestly I'm not going to lie to you A levels are... 
@heckitsbeth @jetpackblews I ONLY FOUND OUT THAT AFTERNOON AS WELL I WAS BUZZING
@jetpackblews CAN I SELFIE IN BETWEEN U
@heckitsbeth @jetpackblews IT WAS SO CUTE
Remember when my dad surprised me w sitc 2015 tickets and I cried
@jetpackblews LOML
Because u suck  
what is critical thinking like? — It's hard but good !!!! 
I think I saw you at dodie's meet up but I was scared... — Omg I wish u had!!! I wanted to talk to ppl but I fel... 
THE DISRESPECT  
photo: shoes/socks wearing rn? — Not wearing any and no pic thnx I hate feet 
are you going sitc this year???? — Yes I am!!! Originally I wasn't but my dad surprised me w tickets in March so... 
How does one become internet friends with you? — Ahh I talk to everyone and anyone !!! I am so easy to make frie... 
what a levels do you take? — Chemistry Maths Psychology English Literature and Critical Thinking!! 
how do i become friends with you? You are literally m... — Omg UR so sweet !!!!!! Honestly I want to b friends w... 
How was it like meeting ptv? :) — Omg there are no words. They were so lovely and kind and vic hugged me so tigh... 
vic looks so short in your picture with the boys, aw ... — I KNOW HE IS SO SHORT but I'm RLLY short so it was cu... 
How much were the meet and greet tickets for the sws &amp; ptv show? — £45 !!!! 
R u and Bekah dating R u and Bekah not dating What is my life about — No one knows 
I love dogs so much I love MY dog so much please I want to be a dog
@lanaswinters smh
@lanaswinters why does she
Not a fan of Jenna marbles but I'm laughing so hard rn
@phandrewgrfield omg what
Jenna marbles follows Bekah but she doesn't even follow her im laughing so hard wtf
@baratkat YES PLS
@baratkat omg bless next time we meet we can hug and selfie smh
me: I AM SO HOT AND BEAUTIFUL WHY AM I SINGLE
also me: I'm an ugly piece of shit someone smother me w a pillow I am trash
@doddleoddle u are always worthy and watchable no matter what. Maybe just brainstorm w evan ?? It'll b ok
@lRLJOKE ur mills in my phone
@baratkat omg yes and I was just like OH HI BTW im@so annoying
I love everyone
The Lego movie is so weird

Bekah.
@ghiblicats NONONO
@ghiblicats Nono no I hate these photos
7pm and I wanna sleep nice !
@ghiblijpg :) <TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS>
I miss GCSEs bc even tho I missed a year I still did ok but that's not gonna happen this time
I have spent more time complaining about how much revision I have to do than I actually have been doing revision
@relivethestory 17 in June Ah
Cuddle and watch supernatural w me and I'm yours
@relivethestory genuinely thought u were older than me ????
@relivethestory wait a minute UR only 14/15 tomorrow what the
@kenziewutt I KNOW OMFG
Bekah doesn't think she's beautiful what the frick is wrong w her im@so
Lenka is a good egg
Ur all so shocked. Yes I take nudes. Ask anyone on my priv alright
@ptvnoveIli WHY THE HELL NOT BUD
frick !!!! U got me  
@GhostlyFoxGirl UR ALL DISGUSTING
I'm so pale when I posted a pic of my body on my priv Jess thought I was a manikin wow goals
I almost posted a nude here oh my god

@baratkat cats r people too
There are lots of people in the world. Shout out to U. Keep being a people
@doddleoddle do it w neve
@ghiblicats THEY WERE ON A BREAK BUT ROSS SHOULDNT HAVE CHEATED BC THEY R MY OTP AND HE FRICKED IT UP FOR A WHILE
I just hit my hip on the corner of my dresser and I think I'm dying
It's almost the end of April. That is 1/3 of the year gone. Yet I still think it's 2009
Who are pierce the veil *folds up ptv flag and posters* I mean *deletes pics of them off phone* I've never heard of them *burns merch*
@lRLJOKE OMG AMAZING
@lRLJOKE do u mean Bekah and I
When u see a cute girl and UR like #blessed #gay #sogay #gaaaay #queer #girls #hot #bless #ThanksObama #emo #anime #porn
@ghiblicats I will fight them all to the death
Me = obsessed w white chocolate and cute girls
@MarekSaidHi OH GOD I'm so glad I didn't take geography I would have gotten a U
@MarekSaidHi it's ok I failed GCSE French it was my only fail THO so I am proud
@MarekSaidHi me
s'il vous plaît être bon pour tout le monde
@samtec13 ah it honestly isn't it's so hard to manage and I hate it a lot of the time
My sister is listening to tøp. Proud
@tree__man I'm glad!!!!! I am doing ok thank u <PURPLE HEART>
I rlly like public DMs pls everyone just DM me about UR day I love knowing things
All I need is memes
@GhostlyFoxGirl HAIR WAS NOT A TYPO IT WAS A PUN IM LAUGHING
@snowyhaIe IT WAS A PUN
#HowIBecameAFan after years of cosmetic surgery, I now have rotating blades that generate cold hair on demand. Thnx 
...should I cut my hair short. Like short
Tips for managing exam stress P5:
Lastly, remember that good exam results aren't the only thing that matters. Your health is more important.
Tips for managing exam stress P4:
Don't leave it all to last minute. Cramming the morning of or the night before won't help you. Plan ahead
Tips for managing exam stress P3:
The best way to revise is past papers. Know what you're up against. Know when to ask for help also
Tips for managing exam stress P2:
Don't work in solid hour blocks. You'll take in more if you take it easy. Allot time for leisure
Tips for managing exam stress P1:
It's inefficient to stay up all night revising, you need your sleep
Give yourself breaks
Make sure to eat
the søngs øn the radiø are økay. buT MY TASTE IN MUSIC IS YØUR FACE
The blurryface theories R making my head hurt can tøp just put us out of our misery
Breaking news!!!!!! Boys can wear makeup !!!!!! Makeup is not gender specific !!!!!! Girls boys and nb can wear makeup!!!!!!!!! Shocking
Breaking news!!!!!!!! Girls wear makeup to make their confidence rise not your dick!!!!!!!!! We don't need UR approval !!!!!!!!! Shocking
I love Tuesdays and Fridays bc I get home from school three hours earlier than usual and I can just lie in bed on Twitter
@ remember this
Freckles R sun kisses. Embrace UR freckles
I am freckles
"I'm not a feminist I believe in equality!!!!" 
@BITTERBRKNBONES @ghiblicats U ARE MY IDOL
Pretty sure I'm gonna have a black eye tomorrow bc I dropped my phone right on my eye when it vibrated thnx so much
@ghiblicats this is so rude
@ghiblicats where is my promo
Bekah and Milly are my angels
This week has not been good so far but it will get better I think
@GhostlyFoxGirl date me
Have a good day <TWO HEARTS> @ my garden nice ! 
I'm eating pasta and have white chocolate cookies for after this is such a ghostlyfoxgirl meal
Madi g my angel
Done for today so going home :-)
@baratkat me
So many birthdays. Happy birthday
Today if anyone talks to me I might just ninja style kick them in the face im in such a bad mood
@accidentaIgay SO MUCH SHADE <EYEGLASSES>
I'm so happy U exist
@lxnlyhouseplant SMH IM CACKLING HES SUCH A DUMBY I LOVE HIM
@accidentaIgay TOO LATE EINSTEIN
@lxnlyhouseplant I KNOW
Chris thought Baltimore was a made up place I'm laUGHING
The vent app is probably the best app I've ever downloaded if I'm honest
Have a good day today !! Be good to yourself and the people around you. Things will be ok
Current emotions:<PISTOL><HOCHO><BOMB>
Can we not do today
@lanaswinters SAY MY NAME YOU KNOW WHO I A
Why am I. Awake. I have an exam tomorrow
@lanaswinters MAKE A DRAGON WANNA RETIRE
@lanaswinters HOT DAMN
My taste øf music is yøur face
Ok I'm really tired I think im@gonna watch QI and go to sleep. Good night everyone <TWO HEARTS>
Literally Bekah and I though 
11:11 happiness
@AlexAllTimeLow I love you
Reminder that Alex has anxiety and the fact Ur all attacking him over a misinterpretation is horrible and U should stop
@AlexAllTimeLow alex just ignore all the negative responses. We know what you're saying and agree 100%, some people r just misinterpreting <TWO HEARTS>
The statement sounds racist bc of the connotations attached to it but alex wasn't using it in that way. That's not his fault
When Alex said all lives matter he wasn't saying it to dehumanise the struggles of ethnic groups. He was just stating that ALL lives matter
@lRLJOKE OH MY GODPLEASE
Maybe he's coming across wrong but his points R valid and he has his heart in the right place
Guys @AlexAllTimeLow isn't trash. Or racist. He's literally just saying that the destructive and violent protests need to stop
@lRLJOKE OMG YED
Should I just cut all my hair off and dye it purple bc man
Jack Whitehall is such a loser I love him
@lRLJOKE IM SO EXCITED
@_starrypie LOV U LILS
Bc last year at sitc was incredible but that was when I first became friends w like Lottie nd Sofi etc. whereas this year we r pals
@_starrypie THNX SO MUCH
@lRLJOKE OMFG PLEASE WE CAN HUG AND SELFIE
I think sitc this year will b better than last year BC I feel like I am a lot closer to everyone this year ???????
@_starrypie PLEASE
@lRLJOKE YES OMG ARE YOU
@ASITIS_CXTFXRTH ANGEL
Done  
@laetibytheway I constantly get shit on here nd asks lmao
I love this emoji <SQUARED COOL> because it just looks so sarcastic and done w life and that is. Me
I have trust issues because of apple chargers
Tomorrow I have four lessons but I have a free last so I think I can deal
I love this website bc it's the reason I have any friends but I hate it bc it's the reason I have ppl who hate me
@awkward__kris thnx so much honestly it means so much
I'm watching would I lie to you I love this show
@awkward__kris ME AF
My life goal was to meet ptv and now I've done that my life goal is to ruffle vics hair
Omg bless u !!! It was literally the best day of my life :-)  
Omg kellin tweeted Shan I am so happy for her
@thxstrays @Kellinquinn @SWStheband "THIS IS THE SHIT" IM DONE
I LOVE ANDY
@Kellinquinn @thxstrays @SWStheband SHAN OH MY FUCKJNG GOD
@kiramichaeI <TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS>
@kiramichaeI ok so you're hot and have the loml as your icon basically date me
@lRLJOKE loml
This is why I'm bi  
@DADDYDEYES date me
#queergirlsvisibilityday fuck yh !!!!! 
@witchyvibez trust me you'll be fine I was off school for a year and didn't revise and still did alright
@witchyvibez I didn't
:-( 
My school make us take 5 AS levels and for that I will never forgive
@lRLJOKE OMG UR SO LOVELY I LOVE U
666
6+6+6=18
Alex Gaskarth was 18 once
Not sure what to do with this information.
@lRLJOKE SAYS U
Hello. It's me. Becki ghostlyfoxgirl. Coming @ U live from Twitter dot com. Here to tell u that u matter
Omg bless u  
@adfghjklauren it's okay <TWO HEARTS>
@adfghjklauren hope you feel a little better <TWO HEARTS>
If you have my notifications on I am so sorry
I really want you to be good to yourself tonight. Don't harm yourself, you deserve so much better !
I hope everyone is looking after themselves tonight <TWO HEARTS>
I'm so stressed about exams that it's actually making me exhausted
I just have to get through this week and next week without collapsing ahh
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz
If awg dyes his hair blue I will scream loudly in protest
I feel so sick
Screw it I'm having a nap
I don't think I've had a proper nights sleep since I was 11
Tfw it's not even 7pm but u want to go to bed
@TurnaboutAdam MY MOTTO
I smell of strawberries and cinnamon
@lanaswinters IT HAS TO
They're both so perfect I can't tell who I'm jealous of 
Be good to yourself. Even if others aren't, because you deserve a hell of a lot better and you know it.
@cuteplantgirl  love u
@lanaswinters PLEASE
You are an <BABY ANGEL> 
@imaginekerrie loml
I think the negativity from yday and some crap from today have caught up w me. I'm gonna log off for a lil bit <TWO HEARTS>
Ur so cute omfg and yes I know my eyes r so green smh  
@kickthespacecat thank you <TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS>
(I'm tired and getting a cold so excuse that vid quality of me)
I have so much work to do but come dine with me is on and that's all I really care about
Very sorry for how disgusting I look but this needed to be said. 
@lanaswinters TRUE THOUGH
@lanaswinters ://// they can't handle U stanning me
@lanaswinters @ ghostlyfoxgirlfan
@lanaswinters angel
@cuteplantgirl HECK YEAH
@cuteplantgirl u are a great human
18 followers until my goal omg
!!!!! I am so proud of all of u
This is amazing !!!!! I am so proud nd happy and I am so glad u are here  
YES !!!!!!!!  
2 hours clean is 2 whole hours of self care that is so good!!!!! Keep going  
Beyond proud!!!! <TWO HEARTS> 
Whether you're a year or an hour clean it's incredible that you're trying so hard and I want you to know we are all supporting you
Hating on people isn't cool. No one is laughing with you, they're laughing at how pathetic you are. Learn a little human decency
Can we just pretend that today never happened 
I hope everyone had a good day today !
@GhostlyFoxGirl bringing this back
@allopalIo me too I am so mad she is my angel I don't want anyone hurting her
@GhostlyFoxGirl please do this. There are thousands of you  sending a tweet could make her day.
Do me a favour, and send @.ghiblicats some love. Just tell her it's gonna be okay. She really needs it right now
Leave Bekah alone. You're a fucking disgusting human being if you think attacking a 15 year old is a good way to spend your time.
One more lesson I can do this
I'm in a free now but I'm too tired to do any work so I'm just sat here playing Tetris wow I'm cool
Got an A in my psychology unit 2 mock :-)
Two lessons down two more to go <THUMBS UP SIGN>
School time ugh
Ten more days of school before study leave I can do this
Mum is still talking to my bros childminder and my sis and I are in the car screaming for her to hurry up. Wow family love
When you're sad remember that these losers exist 
I have been eating this one mint for like twenty minutes what the
Be good to yourself today!! There is only one of you in the whole world which makes you precious, so act that way alright ? <TWO HEARTS>
I just started laughing my ass off because I was called a slut yesterday and iM a virgin
School today is not the one thanks
@TurnaboutAdam better thank u!!
I hope everyone is feeling good or at least better compared to yesterday !!!
@walkingonrivers thnx so much !!
HAVE A GOOD DAY TODAY !!
Goooood morning
I have to get up at 6am why am I like this
(Also Bekah is alright she is going to sleep)
Ok I have a long day tomorrow so I'm gonna go to sleep now. Look after yourselves alright? Good night <TWO HEARTS>
@GhostlyFoxGirl do it now please
Could you all send @/ghiblicats something nice?? They're v down about the hate they've been getting and they need some love. Thank you <TWO HEARTS>
Look after yourself. Imagine if a friend wanted to hurt themselves. You'd be devastated right? That's how people feel about you.
Don't hurt yourself. It doesn't help you, it just gives you one more thing to be upset about. Self care is how you feel better. Please
Reminder: 
I want everyone to be happy always and I know that's not possible and sometimes happiness seems so far away but I promise it will be okay <TWO HEARTS>
11:11 Bekah happy always
I think the hate I got today isn't even the most I've gotten before maybe that's why I'm numb to it
@ghiblicats please ignore it. I love you sosososo much. Ppl r dumb
@Louweeeasley thnx so much <PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART><PURPLE HEART>
@ghiblicats  will hit them
BUT RT this for 3 free follows mbf
Anyway I'm about to go to sleep I think bc exhausted
I don't care if you send me hate but send Bekah or anyone I love hate and it won't be pretty :))))))
@MattW11111888 @ghiblicats an adorable teletubbie though
@frankspikachu thnx so much <BLUE HEART><PURPLE HEART>
@frankspikachu he's not worth my time my dad was in the military so I know the info but tbh he's pathetic and I can't be bothered w it
The shitstorm tonight has made me hungry
@frankspikachu he's a dumbass I'm not gonna waste another second on him man. Thank u so much for helping <BLUE HEART>
@frankspikachu he doesn't mean it so I could care less. Man ppl R dumb sorry if he's been harassing U
I've said it before and I will say it again and again until people get a fucking clue. Spending your time hating on others is pathetic.
Feminism isn't ugly and neither are feminists. Feminism = equal rights. 
For EVERYONE. 
There is nothing ugly about that.
@gallifreyish tysm !!!
#FeministsAreUgly and yet here we are 
@PASTAPILOTS IM SORRY IM ANGRY
@_starrypie lili

My on point eyeliner says otherwise.

And legs. Solid long legs. Ideal for activities.
@lllsmy ahh it's not about being pretty!!! No one is ugly so it's just telling ppl to fuck off basically
@GhostlyFoxGirl #FeministsAreUgly
Hello lets do a little experiment. 
Ok if you're gonna say something negative get out of my mentions.
@CookieLivcat TRUE
@natalie2momma well men's rights are part of feminism ? The hashtag is for males females and non binary so
It's so sad how the slightest bit of self confidence is trampled on by the masses.

the above statement is false. look at me. 
People who don't want equality for men and women, socially, politically and humanely. 
#Fe…
Bekah nearly has 4.5k she is too famous for me
@natalie2momma @ghiblicats feminism is equality for all sweetie, research before attacking people.
@MrHDRaw bye :)
@officialccbvb IM LAUGHING
Cute x 
@KingKJay this joke is about half an hour late sorry
Here is my contribution thank u for ur time 
@MarekSaidHi exactly!!! Ppl r so dumb man
@yung__ryan I'm not trying to prove anything. I don't need to, no one is ugly it's just people being nasty
@yung__ryan yes you can. I'm sorry I'm really not in the mood to argue.
Ppl bitching @ me having my hand in front of my face: I'm doing it for your safety. Don't want u to have a heart attack seeing how hot I am.
Aw it's so cute when ppl are in denial :-)  
Thank you to all of you. I'd respond to all of u but it would take so long. Thank you for sticking up for me x
As someone w mental health problems incl. body dysmorphia the fact I am trying to be self confident shouldn't incite hatred :-)
I'm blocking anyone and everyone who sends me something nasty now I am so done
Ok I'm so fucking done with these idiots
@RiceChewinAsian @Thebestswift13 @wildestphan telling me to kill myself and calling me ugly is.
And you're one of them.  
Do not start with me I have had enough of this tonight  
I don't care if you care but you shouldn't be hurting others for your own amusement.  
Why do we need feminism you ask? Teen girl tries to be confident and gets this response. 
Most people are decent and don't feel the need to deliberately hurt others.  
@RiceChewinAsian @Thebestswift13 @wildestphan is important to me and my recovery so you calling me ugly is damaging. Get out of my mentions
@RiceChewinAsian @Thebestswift13 @wildestphan honey I have a psychiatrist and I have major body image issues so me trying to be confident
@McSkops @wildestphan @RiceChewinAsian why are you still tweeting me? You're wasting your time and mine.
@McSkops @wildestphan @RiceChewinAsian  um they would defend me because they care about me and want me to know I have support?
Jokes already been made sweetie, be more original x 
@RiceChewinAsian I'm sure they do, but you shouldn't be randomly starting shit with teenagers on the Internet. Just leave it now, okay?
@McSkops @wildestphan @RiceChewinAsian they're defending me because they're my friends. I haven't asked them to. You should stop now.
@RiceChewinAsian um no one would say that IRL because people aren't nasty when they can't hide their faces
@McSkops @wildestphan @RiceChewinAsian read the tweet. If I WASNT confident it could hurt me. Luckily, I could care less
@MNash194 @ierohub @lRLJOKE so why call me a slut? Give me a reason then. Because you don't even know me.
@RiceChewinAsian you called me ugly lmao I think that is an attack you didn't have to say anything at all
Filters to make spots less obvious and I'm not covering my face I'm holding a phone or making a peace sign.  
.@allnamestakenff it's not playing the victim im literally just responding to tweets I'm not sobbing my heart out.
Do me a favour and report anyone Who has said something disgusting to me or anyone in the #FeministsAreUgly tag. We deserve better.
@RiceChewinAsian @wildestphan it's called cyberbullying, some people are damaged by it.
@RiceChewinAsian you wouldn't stop if I told you too so what's the point? Might as well let u get all this hatred out your system.
It's not vanity I'm not self obsessed I just said I'm pretty because I feel pretty and that's nothing to do w u  
@LO_Chisanna it's not literal. It was challenging the idea that feminists are ugly.
@RiceChewinAsian @wildestphan you can see my face I'm holding up a peace sign not a paper bag honey
I find it funny that saying I'm pretty means I'm a slut, that I should kill myself, that I deserve hate. Self confidence is a bitch x
Its called self-confidence
@wildestphan @RiceChewinAsian opinions deliberately attacking or hurting others shouldn't be spread. They shouldn't have even tweeted me
@tttygrayv thank u sweetie
@GhostieNovelli tysm <PURPLE HEART>
@LO_Chisanna ah okay it's just what I do in all selfies noting shy about it !
Honey you've been harassing me all this time, you're just lucky I really don't care about your ignorance  
@LO_Chisanna I can't tell if this is meant to b insulting bc that is all my mentions are rn
And showing a bit of skin...
Did you know that if I killed myself you would be fined and taken to court? :-)  
there are people so sad and full of hatred they have to attack those who show even the slightest happiness. Pity the bastards
Don't you fucking dare tell anyone to kill themselves. That's crossing a line.  
@ghiblicats my girlfriend
Angry misogynists hating that I don't care what they think. Bless them, it must be hard being a sad ball of hatred <TWO HEARTS> 
It's so cute that you have so much self confidence especially when you told me that's ugly. What does that make you? 
Apparently it's ugly to have self confidence? I say it's ugly to think you have a say in my self image.
Self confidence isn't ugly. 
And calling me ugly is attacking me so um?? Honey you're not doing too well 
Oh honey it's so cute that u care so much about a teen girls self image. Really <FACE THROWING A KISS> 
.@MNash194 I don't care. You call a girl a slut for having self confidence and anything you say is invalidated.
1) I'm beautiful 
2) face is visible
3) you're attacking a teen girl online, I think you're the irrelevant one here 
So I post pics of myself and get called a slut and that it doesn't count because I'm covering my face. 1) you can see my face 2) UR an idiot
Don't see how it matters since 1) you can see my face and 2) I know I'm beautiful I don't need ur validation :)  
A slut? Just because you know I'm out of your league and owning it <FACE THROWING A KISS> 
@doddleoddle my first a level exam is 11th may !!
#FeministsAreUgly ok so how do u explain me then 
I want that guy to reply I'm in the mood to fight a fuckboy
@lRLJOKE I@love u so much IM EMO
@lRLJOKE IM DONE
.@evanschafer11 honey, you'd be a lot less self conscious if you took the dick out of your personality and put it in ur pants xo
@lRLJOKE PLEASE
Why do I have followers all I do is yell a lot and post dumb screenshots
@lRLJOKE DONT DK THIS TO ME
I love you all and I know that others love you too. Look after yrself tonight. Remind yourself that the world isn't as terrible as it seems.
@lRLJOKE YESYESYES PLEAAW IT IS SO SAD THAT I WANT THIS TO HAPPEN
School tomorrow. In unrelated news I have rented a bus to run myself over with
@lRLJOKE IVE NEVER BEEN ORS MY DREAM
Blurryface has stressed me out more than the prospect of exams in two weeks
@lRLJOKE OG YESYESYYEAYYSYSYEYSY
Milly is the best
@lRLJOKE YES OMFG JAPAN IS MY DREAM AND I LOVE FRANCE
@BrokengrI thank u so much U angel !!!!
@lRLJOKE CAN WE HONEYMOON IN JAPAN
@lRLJOKE OK BUT MARRY ME
@lRLJOKE DONE
I VOLUNTEER  
My phone is dying but my charger is upstairs. This is good bye
@ghiblicats U SLEPT ON THE STREET THE NIGHT BEFORE AND WENT TO BED AT 3AM THE NEXT NIGHT OFC UR TIRED

@_sleepyfreckle thank u so much !!! <TWO HEARTS>
@bluuryface this is josh I know it
@_sleepyfreckle that is u actually !!!!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL AND WONDERFUL DONT LET ANYONE INVALIDATE YOUR WORTH BECAUSE YOU ARE MADE OF STAR DUST AND PEOPLE LOVE YOU
@_sleepyfreckle I am so glad to help !!
Ok but I swear I just wanna date everyone
I love christian novelli gd bye
@DADDYDEYES TRUE
To be a successful twitterer all u need are two things:
a tumblr account to copy text posts from
a cute face
@christianovelli u are a good egg. Novelli. Good egg
I feel very pretty today. Nice !
I love everyone and everything
My dad is so annoying smh someone adopt me
I'm gonna brush my hair and sing sad songs to my dog good bye
Do people actually get money for doing well in exams
I am very much a believer in karma. If someone is cruel to U, don't be cruel back. Someday they will regret it.
If ur reading this UR alive right now how cool is that !!!!!!! Gotta keep going man. Keep doing U
Things I want to be:
rich
not poor
all time low R the kind of band whose music literally suits every mood
Tip: you don't owe anyone anything. If ur friend is toxic to be around, don't just let it slide. U deserve to b surrounded by good people
My stomach just made a noise like a wounded animal
What I hate about year 12 is that we have to come back from study leave after our exams unlike in year 11 when we just stayed off
If you're stressed about exams and know that no matter what you probably won't revise until last minute clap your hands
Isn't this that band with Brendon urinal? 
I blinked and suddenly it's almost six pm
Danielle and Vic are so cute I'm gone
No I'm not crying I just have a bit of THEYVE GROWN UP SO FAST IM THROWING UP BLOOD in my eye 
Also can we talk about the fact my bed is way too big for me bc I curl up in a ball someone come here and join me now
Someone could be thinking about u right now and U wouldn't even know
Myidol is the funniest app I have ever seen
I think I just broke my spine trying to reach across my room to get my headphones from my bed
I hope everyone has had a good weekend !!
@ghiblicats 
@GhostlyFoxGirl look at this
@ghostpolaroids ah my friend has her a level art tomorrow as well!!! U will do brilliantly
@ouranliguori BEAUTIFUL
Two weeks tomorrow is my first exam hahahajabakillmehahagagahaha
I wish u could all see how great U are
I'm such a lil kid I love long naps and Cartoon Network and smiley shaped potatoes
I just had the best nap
I need to lie down I'm thinking too much
I'm such a loser I think about this all the time
Our world is so incredible as the number of things we do know increases we are no closer to understanding
But do u ever just think like. We are so ignorant to what's out there. We know next to nothing about our planet there is so much to know
I am so fascinated by the Earth I want to know everything about it and the fact that that's impossible makes me want it more
*climbs through ur window at 4am* *shakes U awake* do u ever think about how the mind works how do we have a stream of consciousness how inc
@accidentaIgay ODTN SASS ME PISSYZBITCH
:) 
@accidentaIgay OH MY CUCJUBGDHBR GODNI. E EJASFUCEYJF
Zzzzzzzz x46543367899
I didn't know that candy floss guy *looks at smudged handwriting on hand* Jackass even bothered to make videos anymore
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@metaIpuppy this is all I want
I'm so tired I don't know what's wrong with me like I feel dizzy when I stand up
do u ever read back through old tweets like damn. i wish i had punched myself in the face
im so tired
Basically I'm doing a chemistry past paper and hold on till may came on shuffle and I started crying so hard I smudged my work. Lame
there is no such thing as "real music"
all music is good music
just because you yourself don't like it doesn't mean it's invalidated.
@buIletsera YES
Feelings towards exams in two weeks:
????????
??? ????? ? ? ???????
I know nothing ???????????????
I'm going to become a stripper
My sister always forgets that I know her iPad password and can literally post whenever I want on her Instagram God bless
Dan howell when he posts a selfie 
@ghiblicats only for u
I am hopelessly in love w black butler
@ REMNDR WGEN MT BRO AND I DRESSED AS SPIDER-MAN SAME
Bekahbex1
cant talk, have 2 hide from blue monkeys who r chasing the pink polka dotted zebra who has decided 2 attack the green penguins in her room u
I get notifications for bekahs tweets and it makes me look RLLY popular
I am so angry at vic fuentes I can't look at myself in a mirror without being like wel vic said I'm beautiful so maybe I'm just an idiot
Love me 
Another selfie??????????( disgusting. 
I can't even remember going to sleep last night
@djrtywrk exactly
I forgot that I hadn't told Bekah she's staying w me in August and just brought it up and she was so confused I love myself
Going to log off Twitter dot com now. Goodbye to the World Wide Web. Bees can b revived after stinging someone with sugar and water.
Do u ever get an itchy foot but u can't itch it bc ur ticklish
U know GCSEs are easier than a levels when I took a year off and passed my GCSEs but I have 90% attendance now and I'm failing
@xnovellix HAPPY BIRTHDAY
@relivethestory it's cartilage not bone
Happy Sunday
Bekah is like my other half
I'm such a dick
Be good to yourself
I am so annoying smh
@axnnna that I unfollowed ah
@axnnna ahh I didn't realise I'm so sorry!!!!!
@axnnna no ?? What do u mean ah
Zzzzzzz
There's so much waiting for u
@BrokengrI no that is U Em !!!
Idk if I've mentioned this before but I really love pierce the veil. IK it's so surprising??? Can't believe I've never mentioned it
Don't ruin a perfect thing

@sugglerino I'm so glad ahh a lot of ppl aren't sadly :-(
I'm gonna have a shower and watch WILTU? good night pals
@sugglerino @Youtuberinos point things out in public and that's not ok !!
@sugglerino @Youtuberinos ah yes but the post is talking about pointing it out. Talking privately is great but from experience ppl like to
I feel like a lot of ppl say it but I am always here. Honestly. I don't want anyone to ever feel like they can't talk to someone.
@sugglerino @Youtuberinos it's about having tact
@sugglerino @Youtuberinos if you're worried about someone's wellbeing you won't announce "hey are those scars?" You'd do it privately
+ out there who wouldn't want to be in a world that you aren't in. If you can't hold on for yourself, hold on for them.
+ and let me tell you now people care. You think they don't, maybe they've never said it out loud and that's wrong. But there is someone +
+ your life is worth living. U don't want to die. No matter how loud U might scream it sometimes. We all wanna keep going +
+when we say we want to die what we really mean is we want to escape what we're feeling. You want to be happy, you want to feel like +
+ that no one cares U wouldnt be so cautious with ur life. We say we want to die but we wear seat belts in cars, we look both ways on roads+
When u feel like no one would care if u died, remember that's not really what you think. That's sadness talking. If you really believed +
@_starrypie Bekah my chipotle
Toxic people r people who make u unhappy. People who degrade u or make u feel worth less than U are. Those people do not deserve U
Get rid of the toxic people. This year I decided to only be friends w people who make me happy. It was the best decision of my life
Be a good person. Look at yourself and think, would I wanna be friends with me? Make people wanna b around u all the time
@ghiblicats I wasn't talking about u I was talking about the cute girl hugging u
I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I hate you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love 
@snowychristian @relivethestory She looks like when a sim gets RLLY angry and it's face pixelates
Do u guys have Friend love. Like ur not attracted to them but u look at them and know theyre always gonna be the person who holds ur heart
@fxckbIink HOWEVER u are not these things!!! Funny how the mind plays tricks on us
Whenever Bekah is sad I just send her pics of ptv and insult her until she smiles
@palefox I am going to sitc !!!!!!! Love u long time pal <PURPLE HEART>
@memeguitarist bless u UR an angel <BLUE HEART><BLUE HEART><BLUE HEART>
@puddleprincess_ I love u
@bi0musicology thank u so much!!!!
It's thnx to u guys though for always being here when I need someone. Ur my world <PURPLE HEART>
I haven't been proud of myself in a long time and even tho my recovery is so slow and stunted i know I'm doing so much better
@PASTAPILOTS LOVE U LONG TIME
It's incredible how this time last year I couldn't go five hours without hurting myself and now I'm five MONTHS clean. Progress = <THUMBS UP SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK><SQUARED COOL>
Five months clean <BLUE HEART><YELLOW HEART><PURPLE HEART><GREEN HEART>
I can't get over the fact all my friends r beautiful what is this
Holds ur hand in my mind
The day I get back to 4.3k will be a good day
I saw a pic of Alex Gaskarth and made a noise like a wounded animal
I never watch bgt but I can hear my parents being emo about it downstairs
@kickthespacecat <YELLOW HEART>
@PASTAPILOTS PROUD
For my birthday I think u should all chip in and buy me my whole Amazon wish list xoxo
@SciFiPhiChiPsi @PASTAPILOTS @ghiblicats THE FIRSR TIME I AGREE W U TEDDY
i'm 17 in less than two months and i still look about 11
@thxstrays this is so cute smh
I just got RLLY emotional over the dodie meet up two weeks ago
@PASTAPILOTS @ghiblicats WELL SHES MY GIRLFRIEND SO FUCK OFF RUGHT NOW
@justrawnie I wish I could lie to u but
@BriBryOnTour @whatisasophie adapt
i revised more for gcse than i am doing for a level and gcses are like 10 times easier i'm dead
exams in two weeks why am i not working constantly
ok but seriously future hearts is an incredible album i am so proud of those rats
i miss lottie
why did i say becki
@PASTAPILOTS loml
i've eaten rlly well today did some revision and felt p body posi today is a good day
@jetpackblews ilysm
@jetpackblews and suddenly i'm straight
@imaginekerrie im kidding u actually look so cute
@imaginekerrie THIS IS LIKE A CAR CRASH I JUST CANT LOOK AWAY
i am so happy for those of u who met frank !!!!!!!! :)
take me to church and wash away the sinful thoughts in my head right now jesus christ 
what if my as results are so bad i get kicked out like this is my worst fear
@SnowySidewalk it is he is such a weird man
every time i enter a room my dad is in he starts to do the mime thing where they act like they're trapped in a box i fucking
don't act superior to those who are uneducated. you were once uneducated too. help them understand.
we r getting a level results before sitc so I'm gonna turn up like WHAT UP I'VE BEEN KICKED OUTTA SCHOOL I HAVENT EATEN IN DAYS LIFE IS TERR
@ghiblicats &lt;3
@ghiblicats true
@ghiblicats that is a good question why the fuck aren't u living in the south specifically with me
ppl on the internet attack first and think later which is why its so hard for anybody here to be taken seriously
EVERYONE IS SO ADORABLE I CANT WAIT TO DIE
@puddleprincess_ u are
@novellipoppunk chloe pls
@sharpestilves ur so welcome!! my mum is a therapist and psychology is my best subject so just DM me if u get stuck :-) love u
if i could i would hug each and every one of u because u deserve to know u are loved
@sharpestilves and that the visuo-spatial sketch pad and the phonological loop are slave systems to the central executive
@sharpestilves the simplest way is to simply state what everything is. say that the central executive is the control system of the memory+
i think u all underestimate just how incredible you are. the fact that you're still here despite all the shit you've been through is amazing
i dont like my icon but i have nothing else to change it to it will have to do
hey guess what!! u just broke ur own personal record on how many days ur alive. u gotta break it again tomorrow !!!
@ghiblicats LMAO
We are not friends  
I am so stressed about cute people
U know when u see a cute girl and UR like FUCK
Fall out boy R good eggs
i dont watch britains got talent but apparently one of the teachers at my schools' sons is in a dance troop that got the golden buzzer
i love matt g
its almost 5pm time passes so quickly what the
if you're thinking about ending your life, watch this video and see how much even strangers care. 
*wants ptv to become popular*
*dreads ptv becoming popular bc they dont have as much time for fans*
I've done a lot of work today so i think I'm gonna chill a bit
I've actually been productive today holla at me
@ I will keep linking back to this bc I feel posi today heck yh
Looking like you just woke up is my favourite tfb song after bathtub
SO IM SWINGING LIKE A FIST FIGHT CONCRETE COLOURED BASEMENT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT
IT PROBABLY WONT GET EASIER JUST EASIER TO HIDE PREPARE FOR AN ACHING THE REST OF UR LIFE
so i did another past paper and improved my grade by 6 marks okokok
@cuteplantgirl OMG shhhh Elise that is U
New icon love me
If u follow my private can u go over there and answer my question thank u
my eye makeup is on point fucking love me
im gonna go get lunch i think
@lRLJOKE <YELLOW HEART>
ok i'm gonna do another past paper i need to get as much done for chemistry today as i can
@ShaneMasYMas @PASTAPILOTS i'm in LGBT too. but i'm respecting the wishes of others despite my beliefs and u should do the same :-)
@ShaneMasYMas @PASTAPILOTS hate to break it to you but lottie isn't american and he literally said he wanted to go by male pronouns for now
this is flopping so hard i am filled w regret
so i was listening to mcr whilst doing a chemistry past paper and got full marks i think mcr have special powers
Beautiful scars on critical veins 
@walkingonrivers u angel
@PASTAPILOTS :-)
im gonna do some chemistry revision otherwise i am 100% gonna fail my AS
@glisteningtwat omg thnx so much UR an angel
@pop_punknovelli do u mean u
@GhostlyFoxGirl don't let this flop smh rude
@glisteningtwat loml
@R2D2PHAN bless u
Don't let my selfies flop
I don't know how to caption this 
I hope u all have a great day today. Loving u all <TWO HEARTS>
Good morning pals
Anyway good night pals
I remember when I was about 12/13 listening to ptv for the first time and being like wow they're my new favourite band and look where we are
I'm RLLY excited for ptv to release a new album i want to listen to a song they made for the first time like when I first listened to them
THIS IS A WASTELAND
I can't wait for the emo five year olds in my town to pick up the album  
11:11 Bekah to b happy
@piercethevic @ptvjaime @Tony_Turtle @ptvmike it's been two weeks since I met you guys and I'm still on a high. You guys mean the world
I'm really happy you're here.
ok but why is everyone so beautiful
Francis is so betrayed he looks so heartbroken I hate Mary but I love her but I hate her how could she :(
Thank u Netflix for making my life worth something
I :) hate :) U :))))) 
@christianovello ME
pretty people stress me out so much
@pizzatommo you're so beautiful what the
OH MY FUCKING GOD DAMON JUST SAID HE'D BECOME HUMAN WITH HER HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO WAIT UNTIL NEXT WEEK TO FIND OUT IF THIS HAPPENS
remember when lottie listened to the tøp song for the first time at my house it was so cute
@PASTAPILOTS (im not)
@PASTAPILOTS im kidding
@PASTAPILOTS BUT DO THEY HAVE  AFUCKING OPEN DOOR
my sister came into my room and didn't shut THE fuCKING doOR but i dont want to get up and shut it oh my god this is the worst day of my lif
im gonna watch tvd i think
@imaginekerrie oh my god you ar so beautiful
my response to the tumblr crap 
OH MY FUCKING GOD  
ok but i'm all for social justice but tumblr is so over the top they're just making things worse Nice !
before tumblr i didn't know it was possible to be offended by so many things
Wtf wearing makeup has nothing to do w being trans that's so dumb  
I'm eating an apple in case UR wondering
@ghiblicats 

MY SISTER ASKED MY DAD FOR A SELFIE AND HE SAID NO THE LIGHTING ISNT VERY GOOD LETS GO OUTSIDE IM CRYING
It's so hot in my room sigh if only I wasn't so smoking
I LOVE SPN MORE THAN ANYTHING I AM SUCH A STAN
sam chaining up rowena YEAH BOY
I love supernatural so much
YES FUCKING YES  
The purgatory episodes were incredible I loved those esp. W Cas having a beard
Omg dean is having visions of purgatory shit man
Rowena is such a bitch tbh
OMG THE MUM JUST KILLED HERSELF WHEN SHE WAS HUGGING HER DAUGHTER WHAT TH FUCK
im gonna watch the new spn and then have a shower good bye my friends
lottie is so hot
@PASTAPILOTS SAVED
"I can't tell you it's too-"
"Tell me"
"OK" lmao
The Lizzie McGuire movie just reminds me of every 12 year old becki memory I loved Disney channel originals
It's been two weeks since I met them :(
It's been two weeks ???????? Missing the squad and twt in general 
I met a girl who never looked so alone
@ghiblicats U LOOK LOKE WHAT THE FUCK IS HQPPENING
IM LAUGHING AT THE PIC OF BEKAH IN THE PTV CROWD
@ghiblicats omfg
@baratkat @ghiblicats TELL US U RAT
@ghiblicats WHATS HAPPENED
This movie is such a classic Disney channel movie im@laughing
I'm making myself pasta and listening to old ptv songs I'm emo
i think bekah nd i are roomies for sitc this year how exciting
ok can u RT this if ur going to SITC and would b willing to selfie w me thnx so much good bye
imagine what it would b like to b so popular people buy things from ur amazon wish list for u
i have such small boobs it is a struggle
The only good thing about my mum being a mental health practitioner is that my grades in psychology are amazing
When your grades are terrible but you pretend nothing's wrong. 
@accidentaIgay HE CHINS OH MY FUCKJNFV BFOF
Unfollowing me won't make brendon urie love you
@whatisasophie PLASTERS MOST NECKLACES THAT ARENT PURE SILVER SOME SHOE SOLES PHONE CASES IM A FICKING WRECK
Im in the mood to binge watch skins on Netflix and cry about how life is terrible
Don't !!! Be !!! A !!! Dick !!! To !!! People !!!
@whatisasophie I'm allergic to zinc ok ZINC AND ITS IN EVERYTHING

I hate CAMHS
@PASTAPILOTS it's ok my love I love u so much <BLUE HEART>
ME AF  
Mums work looks less approachable than CAMHS I'm laughing why do all mental health places look like shit
Therapy was awful and now I have to walk to my mums building across the road in tears Tgnx so much
I hate this place 
I don't want to go to therapy
Therapy in an hour Nd I'm still in bed oh
I'm glad I took today off because I feel a little better now but it won't last long since I have therapy at 3
My brothers been sent home for punching a kid who told him no one likes him oh god drama in the reception playground
@mitchwelling I understand this so hard
I hope everyone has an incredible day today!!
TRUE 
I'm taking the day off
I suck. Good night
@bi0musicology u are an angel thank u so much
I didn't expect myself to b alive this long so I am v much in an existential crisis right now I'm unsure of what my life is and will be
I wish I looked good w short hair bc my hair is such high maintenance and it gets straighter the shorter it is
I have struggled for years as u all know but I have made so much progress heck I'm nearly five months clean and I'm doing things!! U can too
People always think the worst of themselves &amp; we must change this!! Positive attitude = positive outcome. Love urself as much as we love u
Bekah has a gif of a penis walking down a street saved on her laptop. And u think she's Novelli
@_starrypie @theurbanangel_ @grinning_ghost @novellipasta bless ur soul
Music is the only therapy that has ever worked for me
"Bekah I'm gay so I don't have to deal with whiteboy text slang"
For those struggling at the moment: you're not alone and we can get through this. I promise.
There is nothing on TV kill me
"the most obvious sign the world is ending-Kesha exists" MAE MARTIN MY ANGEL
@ghiblicats bitch
The comedian Mae Martin is just me basically I love her
@sleepingnovelli TRUE
@loverboyphan I'm chilled out
Neves birthday is so soon pmg
I miss Bekah ???
I love the earth
Ah yes unfollow me harder
No I'm not crying to vids from the world tour I have no idea what ur talking about
Me hugging u 
Alice is the life of our psychology table
@_Alicii_ of course. Also I legitimately started laughing out loud at your bio U loser
