"@90syears: I feel old 
OMG The Little Rascals #childhood "@90syears: Biggest plot twist ever<MOVIE CAMERA> 
We Will Never Know 
Sleeping in the boys' room because I can't stand the heat in my room.
Where is the coldest place you have ever been and what was the temperature? — Lozol classrooms lol 
What is your favorite word? — Serendipity :) 
What is the most ridiculous place for a first date? — Mcdo. Effort naman, boys. 
How to find true love? — You just don't. It finds you, dear. 
Have you visited any art galleries or museums recently? — Yeah! The National Museum. :) 
What do you think of tattoos? — I would get one in a heartbeat if only my parents weren't iffy about them. 
What's the best comfort food? — Butternut doughnuts! I haven't eaten some in ages though since I rarely come acr... 
What was the last life-changing decision you had to m... — Choosing to go to DLSU and spending about 2 weeks of ... 
When one should stop learning? — Learning is a life-long process; it never stops. :) 
course mo? — Wala. Program ata kamo. :)) I'm an English Major. :) 
You'll know me soon, crush. I was in one of your class... — OMG sino ka? In my educ classes or cross-enrolled ones? 

my thoughts: messy

my hair: messy

my life: messy

consistency
The only unhealthy thing I've eaten the past few days was turon and I need to change that because I miss candy bars and ice cream.
"We are He-man woman haters! We feed girls to alligators!" XD
"He is awfully romantical." &lt;3
"My buddies need to buy some lumber."
"What kind?"
"Wood, of course!" 
#lmfao #TheLittleRascals
@BPthian Oh God will I be comforting someone else, too? :))
OMG I suddenly realize how malandi Darla is. Alfafa you could've done better. :P
"Quick! What's the number for 911?" I die lol omg
Watching a childhood fave, The Little Rascals! Funny that I still memorize some of the scenes and lines &lt;3
My sis is tearing up over the last Naruto movie and here I am, consoling her that it's "only a movie". :))
What I'd do to leave this place....
It feels like somebody just slapped me on the face, really.
How do you celebrate when something great happens? — Ice cream! Also when something bad happens. :)) 
What is (or was) your favorite class in school? — STGEART! &lt;3 
How often do you go to parties? — It's never now lol 
What is your favorite restaurant in the world? — Cilantro &lt;3 
What do you want right now? — A full time job for the summer &lt;//3 
What color do you wear most frequently? — It's black but white comes to a close second &lt;3 
Post your most liked pic on Instagram or Facebook! — They were a set of pictures but this was one of them. Prett... 
If you could interview anyone, who would you pick? — OMG Miriam Snatiago or Amal Clooney or Queen Elizabeth or J... 
What is your relationship status? — Always single but never available. :)) 
What do you think about marriage? — It should be about the two's love and union--not their gender, religion, fam... 
What I meant was change the fact you never had a bf h... — Hoy lagi kang naka-smiley face ah you seem to sure of... 
I haven't heard Al Stewart's song "Year of the Cat" in ages til now and I can't believe I nearly forgot how amazing this oldie is.
@rodney0408 Watda? I'm not juging, bro XD
@rodney0408 What song if I may ask? :)
"@PoemsPorn: 
@rodney0408 May lihim ka pala Rodney hahaha
Initiative :)
Ask me away, guys :D 
So silencio wars it is, then? :P
Seeing your face actually made my day. :)
What was the best thing you ever found on the street? — A drunk friend...lying on the street...on Happy Thursday... 
No boyfriend then? :) — Since birth. :) 
Diba sumali ka ng Mutya ng Taguig? — Pinapasali nila ako dati pero ayoko talaga :)) 
I'm suddenly so addicted to "Littlest Things" by Lily Allen. &lt;3
Boyfriend? :) — Isn't that a song? Eww :)) 
Yiz nomon, job application XD — Yeahp. Gotta be productive this long summer! :D 
Hi Gill aka ms. Model of something hahaha XD — Wew no ha! XD I just modeled my own makeup portfolios for a job a... 
You know me? :3 — Do I...? O_o 
Joke. I have an idea na. :)) 
ouch ang cold mo :P — Cold talaga ;) 
Ate Gill!! Hahaha joke, Hi mommy Gill! ;) — Oh hi there! :D 
I miss you — If you had a bow and arrow why yes, I'm glad you did miss me :)) 
Parang gusto ko rin mag Special term kung di naman regular trabaho ko at kadalasan nabubulok lang ako sa bahay.
A product of boredom but anyone's free to ask here anyways. :) 
Dying 
PUTA I WROTE A PRETTY LONG POST THEN THE PAGE CRASHED. PUTA I DIDN'T SAVE IT. PUUUUUTTTAAAAAA
I want my hands in your hair, pulling your face closer &lt;3 #Lemuria #Pants
@imsoDAN_ 3 day rule? Ano yun? O_o
The fact that you delay me means you don't deserve me. :)
@MLJVillanueva Grabe naman mga kompanya na to. Di ba nila tanggap na WALANG FOREVER? HAHAHA
@MLJVillanueva Gusto nila yung tatagal dun eh diba mga 3 mos lang ako puede magtrabaho? At bakit naman walang puede sa yo? HS grad ka naman?
@MLJVillanueva Sa MAC. Sobrang babang position lang inapply ko kasi wala talagang available na part-time. Kahit call center ayaw sa akin eh.
@MLJVillanueva Thanks girl. Proud din ako sa yo &lt;3 August din pasukan ko. :)
@MLJVillanueva Yup! Occasional lang siya pero at least merong gagawin, diba? :))  Oo natuloy ako dun sobrang grateful ako eh. Ikaw? Saan ka?
Catching up with one of my YFL bros! Super miss the community &lt;3
From the 2 Bil. peso parking building to overpriced cakes to the beds they use in OSMAK, the Binays have found many ways talaga to steal...
Oh God. The sobremesa topic tonight is about Binay, Makati, politics and corruption. XD
@MLJVillanueva Aww thanks! &lt;3 Let's leave the past, shall we? :) Ok lang ako. Recently did makeup for a job application. Ikaw musta na? :D

wow

that was a really nice 45 seconds
1) sleep is for the weak
2) sleeping for the week
Forever one of my fave quotes &lt;3 "@Iifepoems: 
It's looking delish even if it's not how she cooks red sauce...but she's not complaining. #HappyMothersDay 
Guess I'll be making the family lunch today. Spags, anyone?
So the family's going out except me because sis pissed me off pretty bad....
That awkward moment when your friend greets you "Happy Mother's Day" and says I'll be a future momma XD Hi @BPthian :D
Happy Mother's day to the woman I almost never get along with but is still my mom anyways :) 
If only I could now...."@Iifepoems: 
and I hate being alone
@sammening Gantsilyo tayo, bebe
Ganda sana gising ko eh. Nakakabadtrip ka lang.
Magandang umaga sa yo at tangina mo gago :P
It's summer, 2 am on a Sunday morning &amp; everyone's asleep; I'll play out loud one of my fave albums from last summer 
@MLJVillanueva Second to the left or to the right? HAHA MISS YOU NA MARJEN &lt;3
What I basically did the whole Saturday and it didn't feel so glamorous...#makeupartist #modelling #naksnaman 
Slowly getting over things. Slowly TRYING in getting over things...
Oh So I Heard...
Excuuuseeesss and lieeeeeesss.....
I'm feeling a mojito now.
"Friends" who are plain BS.
Maybe I am stupid because even if I know what exactly is going on, I still trust in people when I know I shouldn't.
So I felt I was lied upon plus purposely made unaware of the situation....and I'm being called stupid.
It's funny when you're the middle kid and your younger sis and older bro argue at each other. I'm laughing  now at their petty shit.
Pero may ikagaganda pala ako at di dahil sa Ponds. Konting(o marami kamo) muk ap lang kelangan ko ahihihi
FINALLY DONE! I CAN FINALLY SCRAPE ALL THIS FULL MAKEUP OFF.
I have dropped and cracked some of my makeup today as I keep making myself up for these damn portfolios.
The moment they posted the enrollment scheds for Term 1 '15-16 made me realize that I am not Frosh anymore. I'm a boring upperclassman now.
One last look and I'll be done. :)
I'm about to do bridal makeup on myself for my makeup portfolio. Help...? :))
Portfolio making starts today :O
"@PoetryTexts: 
"@blankedthoughts: 
"@blankedthoughts: 
"@blankedthoughts: 
— F. Sc…
How I usually feel over my old friendships. "@ohteenquotes: This is true, isn't it? <WEARY FACE> 
Early morning emote on the way....
Still sleepy even if I had a long siesta kanina &amp; a good night's sleep last night. Guess I need to make bawi 3 terms worth of lost sleep.
@imsoDAN_ HAHAHAHAHA JOBO OMG
Whatever happened to The Click Five/5? FOR THE SAKE OF MY TWEENAGE FANDOM I DEMMAND TO KNOOOW.
Seriously describing me here. 
But should I do them tonight for saving time or tomorrow morning for better lighting?
I think I should dedicate this night to adding photos for my makeup portfolio aka doing my would-be party looks for tonight lol
So I woke from my siesta now and it's almost 9 in the evening. Wew.
I’m Not The Girl You Want Right Now, But The Girl You’ll Need Later 
You're unreasonable anger is up again. *sigh
Ended up not getting most of the jobs I got interviewed for this week but I seem hopeful about one and it's the one I really want &lt;3
It's only 4 in the afternoon and it feels like I had a very long day today.
THIS THOUGH "@PoemsPorn: 
So I realized I reached over 6000 tweets na. Daldal ko masyado dito swear.
Here's to us...
So let's go, let's go til we can't anymore &lt;3 #Kindred #PassionPit
Passion Pit in the morning uplifts a bit more than coffee. :)
Ate two ice cream cones today and even that isn't enough to keep my spirits high. :(
If most of your friends and even your unbiased opinion sis are against a guy, might as well ditch the blind martyr act to him.
So the number of job interviews today plus the follow-ups tomorrow are exhausting me, really.
I need a job that will allow me to express creativity because wearing only one  pair of earrings is not my norm.
They're playing HSM's "We're All in this Together" on the radio and my feels, man omg
Sobremesa even if I only had almusal hahaha
@isaacsngo Morning, Isaac! :D
But I'm required to be fully made up for ny job interviews later...
I used to rarely leave the house barefaced &amp; it took years to accept my face as is. #MakeupFreeSelfie #WalangKilay 
Have you gotten bored, perhaps?
If what I suspect is true...
I should stop thinking of you &lt;//3
Because nothing makes me forget about boy troubles than having a gabfest with my girl(and guy) friend :)
Okay so I was able to hear from people who are dear to me but I have yet to hear from you tonight :P
@eastereggyolk Okay, man. Nice re-meeting you :D
@eastereggyolk  Oh hello haha. Don't sweat on it ha wala talaga yun.
@rodney0408 Ano lalakarin natin buong laki ng Diliman? XD
@eastereggyolk Hahaha don't worry about it. I thought kasi I was stealing Rodney from you eh kaya ganun XD
@eastereggyolk Ah I don't mind, man :) It's fine *offers handshake again
@rodney0408 Sige gusto mo UPD tayo? :))
@rodney0408 Gusto ko USTe eehhh XD Matagal na ako di nakapunta dun. Di ako nakapunta sa CFAD thingy eh :)) Sige sa far future puede ba? :)
@rodney0408 Whatever Rodney XD Ayaw mo ba magfoodtrip tayo sa USTe one of these days tas kwento lang at chix hunting?
@rodney0408 Asus so ibig sabihin nakailang date na ako sa buhay ko lol
@rodney0408 Hoy huwag naman haha. Catch up lang sa buhay natin, bro :)
@rodney0408 Waaahhh I miss you too bradeerr. Gala tayo next time, g? :))

i just want to be in front of the aircon
@theresemilanes Sige 2 nights! Fort and Makati XD
@theresemilanes Is this the Euro trip you told me before?
@theresemilanes Yeahp sure thing, my lady! We need the whole night to catch up as in :)) Where are you leaving to ba?
@theresemilanes Sure! Reserving my free dates for that month :)) Are you leaving ba?
@theresemilanes Oo nga eh. Asar ako dun :P Howabout this summer mag-allover Fort tayo? Baka busy scheds natin pagdating ng 2nd year :)
@theresemilanes First term pa? :)) Tagal naman haha sige na nga
@theresemilanes Thanks! :D Plano ko sana ayahin kita sa Black Market later kung hindi lang sa job interviews bukas. Soon ba puede? :)
@theresemilanes Importante naman siya actually :)) I applied for a position for my org. They'll interview me. :)
@theresemilanes Oo nga eh akala mo importante hahaha
@theresemilanes It's fine, dear. Basta we need to have solid plans next time. I might be working soon :))
@theresemilanes No nga eh. Might drop by school soon for an interview. Ikaw?
@theresemilanes Why naman?
@theresemilanes Girl, it's not you :)) But I have kwento about that soon. We should hang again some time :D
So you cutting me off, eh?
I'm late in saying this, but I just saw the MET Gala red carpet 2015 and I think it's a bit of a snooze fest compared to the past years.
Killer cramps :(
I can't believe I was Grade 4 when "Men's Needs..." was released like oh shit.
Okay so I end up listening to The Cribs' "Men's Needs, Women's Needs, Whatever" album and I have absolutely no regrets &lt;3
"@MouthOpenOpen: Someday.... Someday... 
Listening and singing out loud to this basically the whole morning; the LSS will last more than that though :)) 
Why's it people here make petty conversations w/ me while I have earphones on? It's pretty obvious I don't want to hear any of their shit :P
The Black Market plans for Wednesday are cancelled because of my sudden plans for Thursday. :))
Okay so I suddenly have a job interview on Thursday. What's up with the job interviews popping so soon after I know about them? :))
I agree that there is a difference between tolerance and acceptance. Sadly, Pinoy society lacks the latter. 
Say something, dammit.
Thanks for your "concern".
The thing when people ask you to write for them something as personal as poetry, it starts to defeat its purpose and becomes more of a task.
First writing assignment for the summer: Write poetry for someone's site :)
So I'm wrong this time....but that doesn't mean I can speak easy with you. Mapride ako masyado.
Not falling for your excuses
since you tend to abuse it
and think I'm stupid :P
Pupunta ako ng Black Market bukas kung hindi pa umaalis ang natitira 35% kong lungkot ngayon hahaha
This is so me. "@PoemsPorn: 
But the anomaly on UMAK case on GMA news is actually helping me a bit in forgetting my sad shit :))
My sadness confidantes for today: Books, fashion magazines, pen and paper for poetry, good music and maybe some ice cream later. :)
Watching Binay's dummy case on UMAK and STI. I never thought my respect for the guy(being a former Makati resident) will wither like this.
Maybe lang.....but I'm a bit more hopeful and optimistic than I was in the past two days and maybe even the past few weeks :)
After a whole night &amp; morning of reflection,angst,writing,pacing,soundtripping,on-the-verge-of-crying &amp; harsh realizations, I GOT OVER YOU.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DRINK COFFEE AT NIGHT AND HAD INITIAL ANGST. PUYAT AT EMOTE LANG SA TWITTER.
I am devastated. I am frustrated. I am infuriated. But no way in hell am I heartbroken because you ain't worth it in the first place :P
And you won't know it's me because I am too fab for that shit #masterofdisguise
Suddenly wanting to buy a trucker cap because I want to hide my face from you if ever I am forced to see you again.
From femme vocals to fresh indie,my wee hours soundtrip detoured to the 60's w/c made me remember this fave of mine: 
Finding myself listening to Tame Impala's music which is perf for the wee hours &lt;3
What puyat and early morning indie music hunting could lead you to #newfave 
I notice when I feel down because of the opposite sex, I tend to listen to female vocalists like Tennis, The Like, Alvvays and States.
Finding myself listening to Tennis' "Ritual in Repeat" for the nth time these past few days. This is quite alarming, actually....
Resisting the urge to check on anything with your name on it...
It's only when my heart feels either utterly blissful or extremely anguished that I write and write and write...
I want to cry but I am too angry to do so. I want to tell you how much it's bothering me but my pride's too big to show I felt weakness.
People want one thing from you, you give it to them and then they start to ignore you.
Okay so why am I growing 4 zits on my face at the same time? Probably the worst breakout I had since high school. &gt;__&lt;
Deciding whether I should cut my long locks or just dye it way lighter or go ombré #decisionsdecisions
"I hate myself so much wtf"
to
"I want to clone myself and love me because I'm so fucking great"
You don't keep me hanging on :P
Finally through with the UNITED interview! Hoping for good news this week *fingers crossed
"Love is wonderful but it isn’t enough to make up for an entire lifetime of compromising your core values" 
And no word from you, whatsoever...
Old school All Time Low music in the morning :)
That moment you write something so personal it breaks your heart and makes you cry &lt;//3
@rockwithEunice Thanks, girl. Been feeling down today(hence the hugot) and this helped somehow :)
@rockwithEunice HAHAHAHAHAHA EUNICE OMG XD
Magparamdam ka naman oh :P
"@PoemsPorn: 
It feels as if you are cutting me out after we both have revealed so much of ourselves to each other...
@imsoDAN_ Bakit naman, Jobo? :))
Tangina ayoko maghintay, mag-abang at ginagago ng ganito :P
Whenever I listen to "Misty" by Johnny Mathis, I remember the ending scene of Silver Linings Playbook. I should watch it again this summer.
Me basically "@Iifepoems: 
"@PoetryTexts: 
Usually, w/o watching the  game, I know Manny won if someone in the neighborhood runs and shouts "PANALO SI PACMAN!" but it's silencio now
While watching Paquiao &amp; Mayweather enter...
Bro: Look behind Mayweather! It's Burger King!
Sis: Dapat Manny should have Jollibee!
#lmfao
And the LSS AVP interview is making me wait anxiously...
So yeah I had a blast tonight :)
Monster zit on mah nose, please go away :'(
...Tears for Fears, The Cure, The Smiths, Dexy's Midnight Runners, Joboxers...
Guess my soundtrack for today are 80's male groups w/ long hair and mullets: Icehouse, Spandau Ballet, Gene Loves Jezebel, Hall and Oates...
@cltheroyal Thanks, girl &lt;3
I'll be your addiction 
Submitted my AVP applications to Lasallian Scholars Society! Hopefully, this is the start of something new for the new school year :D
Prepared some Omelette au fromage for myself and it somewhat reminded me of that episode of Dexter about Omelette DU fromage XD
"@toomuchtowrite: 
While I was wondering how the hell can I be happy like…
When I think that you're mine, you start to slip away...#Tennis #ImCallin
I realized that I have listened to Tennis' "Ritual in Repeat" album quite a few times now whenever I write something 
I never needed anyone. People don't always need people. I need food. Nakakamatay ang gutom :P
Ok fine whatever, man :P
Not hearing from you is the worst.
But I still can't help feeling guilty....
I'm currently uneasy yet I'm still holding steady #heartmatters
This day feels like a weekend but then it technically is lol #TGIF
@AliwalasPura Well, if you watch all seasons of GG, dami jowa ni Serena :)) Although may positive ending for them though...
@AliwalasPura I want to spoil it all for you eh :)) But yeah Serena is landi eh so she jumps from one guy to Lonely boy and so on XD
@AliwalasPura OMG FAN HERE SINCE 07-08 &lt;3 NO SHOW WILL EVER BE CLOSE TO IT #XOXO
It's hard when you feel your friend's sadness, even if it's through texts :(

Reality: NasaBahay
@BPthian Thanks, man :)
Watched some of these amazing movies already. Planning to watch the classic ones soon :) 
So I didn't get the job which is okay and I realized wasn't the actual job I applied for.
Was about to leave to commute early for the interview then Dad offers me a ride there so I could be earlier. Pero ang tagal niya mag-ayos :P
I look like a stewardess/CSB SHRIMP student/SPEECOM informative speech speaker/College kid looking for a job(w/c latter is true)
But then it's a fashion job right? :))
Waist up: Corporate lady(Blazer, blouse, bun slicked hair)
Waist down: Party girl(Miniskirt, heels, bare legs)
#myoutfit #jobinterview #lol
I know it's weird, but I was actually looking forward to talking to you tonight.
@callmeShennie Saludo ako sa yo eh batang gala much hahaha
@callmeShennie Di ko rin kinaya mga lakbay natin kanina XD
@CheekyChap27 DM!
My CGPA suffered because of you.....and you a floating :P
MATAPRE IS SO FUNNY HA HA HA HA HAYOP KA!!!!!! :P
GOODBYE SCHOLARSHIP UPGRADE T_T
I have a job interview tomorrow morning and I only make an actual resume now. Crap.
@datcheckeredguy Wag na lang. People had it worse. Tanggapin ko na lang ang totoo :))
I wanted to complain about my MATAPRE grade, but I guess I need to be grateful I still passed :)
I need a cure; just a little bit of you :)
i’m totally ok i just 
(takes a deep breath)
 (starts screaming)
Becoming really, really paranoid after the fun I had earlier...
WHY IS IT WHEN I PRESS "VIEW GRADES" IN MY MLS, IT LOGS OUT AGAD. MAY AYAW BA IPAKITA SA AKIN ANG GRADES KO? SANA NAMAN WALANG BAGSAK.
SOMEONE HACKED INTO MY FACEBOOK PUUUUUUTTTTAAAA
jgh from one of the best days I had in a while spent with the best people I know :)
Might as well drop by school first.
I mean I was confident w/ my majors &amp; I've seen my grades in them but MATAPRE is still NGS &amp; sana it isn't below 2.5 :P
Bakit mas kinakabahan ako sa grade ko sa floating na MATAPRE na yan kesa sa majors ko?
Can't next week arrive so I can finally leave Manila? :P
Okay so not only were the plans today a bust, tomorrow's plans could also be too. Arggh I hate plans cancelling unannounced &gt;__&lt;
(Un)afraid 
It first hit me fast and hard, and I'm afraid it might go away with a bang...
My chest has been feeling heavy today. Over many things...
They should post all the grades at once to keep from this lingering anxiety :P
@sammening Ahh okay. Kung pasado ako, pasadong pasado ka rin :))
@sammening Malamang sa FTTEAMS :))
@sammening Anong grade mo?
You are a very expensive habit ;)
Might as well treat myself out today if I'm hating how this day runs. A cup or two of ice cream seems like a good idea :D
Today was just....*sigh*
Kinda disappointed with today...
And though I'm used to it, this time I won't be okay with it.
It shouldn't bother me, but I do get paranoid about you. Like what if you knew something about me you shouldn't know &amp; stop being my friend?
Truth "@Iifepoems: 
And this is considering that I come from a UAAP school myself :P
Disappointed w/ Style Bible &amp; some of their articles. They're starting to come off as elitists by usually showing girls from UAAP schools.
Even if I am not a crazy obsessed wearer anymore &amp; now have the courage to go out bare-faced, this is so relatable :))
LISTENING TO SMALLPOOLS' "LOVETAP!" ALBUM AND I DON'T CARE WHAT OTHER FANS SAY; IT'S SOOOO GOOOOD SHEEEETT
"Only idiots catch colds in the summer" - My sis #HowCaring #GettingSickNow
Experiencing one of those rare moments my mom acted like a mom, slicing me fruit for desayuno &amp; scolding my table manners.. Kinda miss it :)
Some friends you guys are :P
Buti pa kayo, nag-uusap, naglalabas, nagsasayahan. Parang di naman ako kaibigan niyo ah :P
may i never be content
may i never be perfect.
"@sassyhedgehogs: I'm so ready for Summer <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><WEARY FACE><BLACK SUN WITH RAYS>️ 
*Listens to sappy OPM songs *hears Mom wake up and come down *Suddenly plays FOB
Well listening to Orange and Lemons as of the moment brings me back to how I reflect on their songs(especially Heaven Knows)back in HS lol
Okay so I am spending this Monday morning listening to Michelle Branch and writing scorned love shit whut
Ended up waking up real early for absolutely no reason :P
Can't wait for Monday because it's the start of a productive week. Spent the past few days idle in the house #NotUsedtoIt
No, I don't wanna start seeing you if I can't be your only one...
#NowPlaying Vanessa Hudgens - Say OK. OMG the tween feels here :))
"But I am NBSB and there is nothing in me that needs to be fixed." @philstarsupreme 
Shoegaze and dream pop in the morning @___@
WHY ISN'T MLS WORKING FUARK
Can people just get over that dude who left that boy band already sheeesh. Nepal just had an earthquake at yun guy pa rin pinoproblema niyo.
Some weird conversation over dinner: My sis talking about her retirement plans by eating w/ other old people in one eatery #whut
I will never admit, even to myself, that I miss you. Never.
@rodney0408 "MGA FROSH" XD
"@WonkaTheBest: """Freshman's are annoying"" - People that were Freshman last year."" Me next year lol
Happy to hear from you--NOT.
Asaan ang hustisya? :P
Your silent treatment then volcanic erruption just makes you worse.
World war na ito. Word war pa more.
Nakakainit ka ng ulo. Kinakausap kita, diba? Leche
Shouldn't have bothered with you in the first place.
Well Fine, then......
Say something, please....
It's pretty scary knowing what I have been feeling lately and what it might end up in.
Writing with the lights off is actually a good thing for me to feel some sort of literary melancholy(and because my sis is sleeping hehe).
Listening to Absofacto in the wee hours of the morning gives you the equivalent feeling of high.
I can't get no satisfaction... #therollingstones #nowplaying
Just when a seller for UP AdHoc tix is available in the south, I already decided not to go anymore huhu
That The Lasallian spoof issue was seriously genius hahaha
@BPthian April 22! Never too late to pull off a great joke! XD
@BPthian I thought so too :)) Some articles were too good to be true. It's a good issue, though.
@BPthian It's just a joke issue :)) Galing nga eh
And yes, it fucking matters because it's soooo hot tonight but then when boredom strikes you'll do what you have to do.
I exchanged the electric fan in my room w/ my bro to read this issue of The Lasallian lol 
And I'd really love to see you tonight...
@callmeShennie Yun lang may forever &lt;3 hahahaha #CEDHugot
@callmeShennie At least di magshishift! :D &lt;3
@callmeShennie Baka "hard hard" ha XD Miss you Noaaaaahhhh :))
Ilang bukas pa ba bago tayo ay magkita? Ako'y naiinip na; bawat oras binibilang. Sabik na masilayan ka....ahhhhhh #sembreak
#NowPlaying Moonstar88 - Sembreak. Somewhat summery song about something Lasallians never experience lol
Excuses :)
Desperately attempting to escape the ennui of this house, I asked my sis if I could treat her to the ice cream parlor &amp; she said no. #nofun

have you looked at me for longer than 5 seconds because that’s why
Ok so since when did those underage people from my high school get acquainted with HT? They're tweeting about drinking booze yesterday #kids
The bad thing when a sick person is arguing with you is you really want to argue back but you can't because they're sick and miserable.
There’s nothing warm in there at all.”
Taking care of a sick adult is no different than taking care of a sick kid; too much demmands and shit.
"Breakneck Speed" by Tokyo Police Club is one of my fave songs that I could listen to over and over and not feel sick of &lt;3
"@Iifepost: current mood: 
Now I want to dye my hair a weird color, too.
@_CABAUATAN2015 YES YES YES
From a frustrating day to an actually cool night, today wasn't half as bad.
@JellyJels_10 Kanina pa ako dito, girl. Mahiya naman siya sa akin.
I don't want a play by play of you texting "otw" or "walking already"; YOU ARE FUCKING LATE.
You're My Boss seems more interesting to me than The Avengers yet I'm watching the latter later lololol
Playing Belle and Sebastian so I won't hear these weird noises in SJ.
10 Kilometers 
In the words of a broken heart it's just emotion that's taking me over...
Don't give up on us, baby. Don't make the wrong seem right...
Listening to sappy, corny 70's love songs #secretlyAfan
So old yet you act so juvenile :P
@sammening Sige. Ikaw na maganda. Push mo yan :P :))
@_KarenTheGreat @sammening Ok ka lang tignan. Ang weird ng kilay ko dito hahaha
LOOK WHAT I FOUND IN THE LASALLIAN SCHOLAR SOCIETY FB, @sammening and @_KarenTheGreat ! #HAGGARDOVERSOZA 
FINALLY SUBMITTED THAT MATAPRE SHIT YES YES
That feeling when you want to throw people under the bus to your prof because it's unfair that you did almost everything &amp; they slack off.
WTF LANG. WALA KA NGANG GINAWANG TULONG DI KA PA MAKAPAGKITA SA AKIN PARA BUMIGAY NG AMBAG. GAAAAAAAHHHH.
Reminiscing our STGEART finals last term &lt;3 #Throwbackthursday 
@rodney0408 Pumasok lang ako for it pero mga taksil yang kasama ko gaaaahhh
@rodney0408 MATAPRE. Math Appreciation just become Math FRUSTRATION for me :P
@AngelaChristi_C Wew you just ignore me lang :P
There's a reason why I never joined that pageant whenever I was asked to join so please stop saying "Sayang" &amp; be happy for the gal who won.
I seriously don't wanna work with you guys, anymore. Ako ang gumawa ng lahat ng plano at trabaho tas kayo pa masusunod ko? Tangina niyo
Parang ayaw ko sumama manood ng Avengers bukas :P
@CheekyChap27 Ang movie, puede panoorin kahit anong oras. Ang chance na maka-kwatro, hindi.
@CheekyChap27 Beh, istudy muna you :))
"@TheseDamnQuote: I have 3 types of mad 
When you come home to homecooked food #thebest
Recorded my interview with Dr.Tee. Too lazy to type everything down because IT'S A DAMN LOT of things that she said for only 5 questions.
I wish I heard from you today...
@CheekyChap27 Oh. Good luck sa atin! Sana pasado tayo ke sir! :))
@CheekyChap27 You done? :))
@CheekyChap27 Ahh. My group and I decided to make like a magazine/newspaper type of project rather than a video. :)
@CheekyChap27 Soon :)
Kinda wanting to see you again, kinda avoiding you today
@_KarenTheGreat "...in school...with @sammening " #tambaymode #henrysy :))
Here's to devoting the whole day in school for my MATAPRE articles when I really just wanna collapse at home and sleep.
I'm suddenly obsessed with "The Motion of Love" by Gene Loves Jezebel; an 80's song that deserves more plays &lt;3
It's annoying when people still spell my name "JILLIAN" ugh
Despite everything, I don't think I want to be with you...
Teacher Supladita, Student Dimensionado...wtf are these names in our SOCIEDU exam?
@NicoTrinidadSun lol Nico hahahaha
I'm surprised that we're not studying much for SOCIEDU finals.
Gonna ambush Doc Jade for an interview again even if she hated that I did it the last time #AllfortheFour #journalismproblems
Fuck he burped and it smelled like longganisa. GROSSSSS
The guy beside me in the comp lab  keeps talking to himself and he's probably hungry because I can smell his bad breath :P
Seriously, why do people make plans for today&amp; then not do it? Like it's annoying how I reserved this time for them but they don't show up.
That feeling when you want to text your friend to hang but you know they're cramming somewhere in school for their finals #isolation
Deciding whether I should sleep or study some more...
@BPthian Dude, he's a classic :)
It's a Bacharach kinda night :)
Acted as a parent in escorting my friends during the awarding ceremony of Sir Ronda's FTDANCE culminating Activity 
@btrcrdr Just do. I'll xerox my NSO if ever I go back hahaha seryoso
@btrcrdr Government ID's. I tried showing them my SSC elem ID circa 2001 &amp; even if they're convinced that I'm old, they didn't let me in XD
Stroking this dog's fur only to realize a comb is stuck in it #wtf 
@btrcrdr Because HT will never be the same again.
@btrcrdr Nooo. It's a good/bad thing, though.
Chilling with this doggy resting on me. 
"@Lozolpls: this term's got me like 
@elliseleeee Nope :)
@elliseleeee Puede. Uyy naghahanda ka na para next Thursday noh? :))
@elliseleeee Driver's license, voter's ID...sabi din ni kuya puede din magdala ng NSO lol
@elliseleeee No joke. Nagdala ako ng ID para patunayan na legal ako pero di pa rin ako pinasok. Kailangan government ID talaga #choosy
@BPthian *cue Gangnam guy dancing Hangover*
Me right now as the 3rd term is about to end "@ohteenquotes: Crawling my way to the end of this semester 
Waking up from somewhere but home....
@elliseleeee Yeah. Kailangan na ng ID to prove your legal. :))
@rockwithEunice Mukhang mej gurang pa hahaha
@rockwithEunice Unless gusto nila ma-Tulfo ulit XD
@elliseleeee Oo. Pumunta ka?
@btrcrdr Barn was opened again :))
@rockwithEunice There are but di puno. Di din naglaro ng loud music.
@rockwithEunice "Attempted" is the right term. Higpit ng body guards di ako pumasok XD
Happy Thursday will never be the same again....
Barn is now even more boring than ever #TanginaTulfo
— Nikita Gill, Monsters
MATAPRE: An example of no matter how good and kind the prof is, if you don't like Math, you'll never learn to appreciate it. &lt;//3
@renieelll Stay strong, Reniel. Stay full din. :))
You 
Sexism 
@ellezigzag Sige sige :D
@ellezigzag Wag naman! Hahaha! Kain tayo somewhere else baka kasi marinig ng magulang ko tungkol sa kalandian ko HAHAHA
@ellezigzag Miss din kita, sis! &lt;3 Huwag kang umiyak magkikita din tayo soon! :)
@ellezigzag Sis, soon! Kwento ko sa yo lahat! Magkwento ka rin ha! :))
OMG THEY'RE PLAYING LIGAYA #classic #TheEraserheads #GreenGiantFM
"@PoemsPorn: 
"@PoemsPorn: 
"@PoemsPorn: Feels 
I love it when they play classic OPM, not overplayed TOP 40 shit.
Green Giant's playing 214 by Rivermaya and I'm just  soundtripping to it hehe.
You can thank your stars  all you want but I'll always be the lucky one &lt;3
Green Giant's playing "Your Universe" by Rico Blanco and I'm just here alone in an SJ bench, singing along. #lavett
Through the wire to your door...
#NowPlaying Tokyo Police Club - Toy Guns. Listening to this from their "Forcefield" album &lt;3
Still 
STILL HERE AT SJ COMP LAB. NOT GOING HOME ANYTIME SOON...
Starting to appreciate the odd shit my HUMALIT prof is making me read. Hope that appreciation does me good tomorrow on finals :D
It's funny how we both could start joking around again minus the awkwardness of old feelings :)
SAME #LagiNaman 
Learning metaphor for FACLERN :) 
Feel like writing poems but I'm almost time here in the comp shop.
@ayeteiram Hala! Grabe naman! Pero kaya mo yan! God bless din sa yo &lt;3
@ayeteiram Hindi. Malapit na finals namin XD Di ka rin pumunta?
SAME HERE XD 
There goes my hard-earned 4.0 in HUMALIT. Why does finals have to be a group chuchu?
Most of the people in my HUMALIT group are crap. :P
"@PoemsPorn: 
Ang boring ng Lasallian Scholars event. Sana nasa #WYC2015 ako ngayon :(
Here at LSS's Transcend event :D
This shit is not kidding; it tastes oddly like Rocky road :)) 
Alone but not  lonely  in the 17th floor altar. Fast wi-fi! :D
"@BaeFeeling: Exactly!! <AIRPLANE>️ 
Too much to ask 
Listening to The Growlers "Chinese Fountain" Album here at LS :)
3rd year in a row to miss WYC :((
Have a safe trip for those who'll attend WYC 2015 in Bulacan :)
William Shakespeare is following me on Twitter lol
Just Don't 
I Never Wanted You 
I will forever love sitting in PHILOPE classes; relevant lessons plus stand up comedy plus hugots in one class :)
@StickmanGab @PatMIRAVITE_ Anything for you boss :D
Apathetic Yet Heartsick 
Ginawa ko ang lahat(kahit di ko ginawa ang lahat)para sa yo pero nagpunta lahat ng effort(at wa-effort) ko sa wala #freecuthugot
Asar naman di ako nagsuklay tas nagpahatid ako para maaga sa klase pero wala naman pala. Ang hirap tanggapin, kapatid....
BS HUMALIT. I didn't attend class last week coz free cut daw but there was class naman &amp; now it's the opposite. PROF NAMAN ANOUNCE MO KASI
Putang HUMALIT na yan pooooootaaaaa
Wasted time and effort to go to someone's else's house to be just as unproductive as I am back home.
It's funny when I meet a girl who is a few years younger than me and I see my old self in her.
Can't wait for vacation to end because I am rotting in my house and if not, rotting in other people's houses.
"@Iifepoems: 
So many restos in Morato and I end up eating in Manangs whut
Who would've known Wargods is open at this time on Good Friday? ;)
Lozol please allow us to dye our hair in weird colors like in CSB T_T 
Sandwich has a new album but the radio keeps playing their older songs. Not that It's a bad thing but still.
It's pretty late, but I want to congratulate my sis @AngelaChristi_C for graduating high school! :D 
Posted new poetry:  My Fave Subject 
My want for a pet pig just grew even more. 
Inspiring lesson learned from this article &lt;3 
This article put me at the edge of my seat hehe 
Reading classic Reader's Digest articles online. Great way to kill time :D
One of the most grotesque yet relevant &amp; powerful articles I've read even if it's written 80 yrs ago. 
@btrcrdr Aba haciendera hahaha
@btrcrdr Mind if I ask where? :) kulit eh
@btrcrdr Why? Are you out of the city? Country? Planet?
Despite being a former bookworm, I have yet to read most of these #challengeaccepted 
My 3rd year HS adviser posted some of her pictures on FB &amp; I can read the caption w/ her loud voice in my mind. Hehe miss ko si Ma'am Daep.
Ladies, The Smarter You Are, The More Likely You Are To Be Single 
Nako my balloon flew all over Henry and I looked tanga chasing it.
Boring day in school. Is there any interesting class I could sit in? :D
Gift from the HUMABIO block from their FILKOMU class hehe 
This proves why being an English is actually very funny and complicated 
The best thing about being 80% finished with finals requirements is that I can rest a bit easier than I normally do the past 2 terms :)
Do they really serve instant pancit "Al Dente" in Agno? Parang di bagay nung kinain ko? :))
Sitting in for L85 HUMALIT
I’m constantly changing from calm to ill…”
Going to school tomorrow even if I technically have no class.
Oh my God these kids beside me keep cursing and banging the table over a stupid game like ughhh people have bigger problems than youuuu
I super hate going to the internet but I have no choice :(
Bait ni Sir. Nilibre kami ng Cornetto &lt;3
GUYS, GRADUATE NA AKO!!!! NG NSTP :))
Is anyone at Lozol right now? :)
FINALLY DONE WITH WATCHING ALL THOSE FUTSAL GAMES ONLINE AND MAKING REFLECTION PAPERS FOR EACH OF THEM WAHOOO
Shame 
"@Iifepoems: 
@viaaadelgadooo Baliw yung ID ko :))
@viaaadelgadooo Syempre isa kada isang beses ako nagsascan per building. Ilan kayang beses sa isang araw tayo nagpapascan ng ID :))
@bluemoonsparks Thanks &lt;3
Since today is my high school's 18th Commencement Exercises, I'll post a pic during the 17th one w/c was my grad :D 
I'm so spot on with Mint Choco Chip HAHAHA 
@StickmanGab Hell no! XD
Wolfed down that Bacsilog because I haven't eaten breakfast before leaving for school.
My courses so far according to the ID scanner: AB ISE, BS ENT, AB PSM and Biology :)) #HulaanNyoKungSaanDyan
"Needle and Knife" by Tennis is seriously my current LSS, along with other great new songs &lt;3
#OnTrack Tennis' "Ritual in Repeat" album while doing FACLERN shit.
Have to do my FACLERN portfolio but I really want to write out my feelings and thoughts on poetry.
Sitting in at a Japanese Philosophy class since free cut sa FACLERN :D
I already found my knight but how come I still bother with a fool? &lt;//3
Nahihirapan na ang tao dahil sa yo at may gusto tumulong pero sa sobrang gago mo ayaw mong tanggapin! Puede ba wag kang ma-pride!

Lol jk 

it's your eyebrows.
When nothing in my head makes sense I hope that my words will."
"@ohteenquotes: Bucketlist <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
Demo teaching(na super biglaan pa) got me like whoaa..yet it reminded me why I'm in this course (c) Rymel Gandanglahi 
"In a room of girls, he would hug and talk to everyone but her. This made her sad. Little did she know, she was the one he loved the most."
Been putting Ok Go's "I Won't Let You Down" on repeat. Such a great song. #LSS
@rodney0408 Bukas! :D
@AngelaChristi_C I thought I saw #4Gays sa tweet kasi diba 1D had a concert here minus one dude lol you're talking about your grad pala :))
God bless my Futsal teacher who allowed me not to have makeup classes &amp; made me make reflection papers on 6 football matches hehehe
If given a chance to have a speeech on my HS grad last year, I'd say a speech like this plus raise my middle finger 
Can I just move out already? I Don't want to deal with shit caused by shitty people.
Hate the people here. HATE THEM.
Sometimes I wish I didn't speak up at all because there's always an issue in every small thing I say...
I remember this from FEU Secret Files! Still the best Secret Files posts among all schools ever 
"@PoemsPorn: 
My Field Study book is just looking at me, waiting to be finished. #procrastination
@rodney0408 Sana maitlog ka rin ng dragon :P
But now I know what not to do 
I'm learning and I'm happy
Yung tipo uupo ka lang pag-uwi tapos matutulog ka bigla...
I've been sleeping on the sofa the past few days now. It's like I don't know my bed exists.
"@Iifepoems: 
"@perfectcoupIes: Coachella is on my bucket list <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><FERRIS WHEEL><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
"@blankedthoughts: 

#pagcollegekana: YES PASADO
"@blankedthoughts: 

Books,

Acads,

Exams.
Why do those kids playing outside call me Anna? Like wtf lang it's nowhere near my name :))
2 graduations happening next week: My sister's on Friday and my CWTS one on Saturday #HappyGraduation
Tambay muna sa SJ; Green Giant's playing classic OPM music &lt;3
@rodney0408 a che che
I'll walk far distances for you, love &lt;3 #toastedsiopao #fromVitoCruztoQuirino #Notthatfarthough 
Habits of mine "@PoemsPorn: 
It's unusually hot today....
I want to watch Pinatay si Mayor....but the 114 batch shirt looks good. Saan ba puede madala 250 pesos ko? #undecided
My creation earlier at The Magnum Bar 
Dinner later at the Fort :) #dressedup
"@Iifepoems: 
Hazy...like a Tokyo summer #Mounties
#thingsIsayalot #thingsIsaytoeveryone I HATE YOU :))
They look like little turds but the child in me will always insist these are good. 
Will Ferrell as Little Debbie on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon is HILARIOUS.
I get a little bit stronger.”
Agno street is not filled with loud music, girls in slutty clothes and tipsy conyo guys anymore. Kinda missing the Happy Thursday vibe lol
I want to go home but I don't want to go home #hasslecommute
@rodney0408 Wala. Rush hour. Rather stay here than there. Mas productive ako dito kesa sa commute XD
Finally had the confidence to make an account :D Check out my poetry at 
Still here in Lozol, typing shit until 9 o'clock. Feels like 2nd term again...
The story was touching...until the last three sentences just made me roll my eyes. But still, really touching. 
I have a really long way to go in my FACLERN portfolio....
Te quiero no solo por como eres, sino por como soy yo cuando estoy contigo &lt;3
@sammening Nakalimutan ko i-like to sarrehhh :))
Wore red lipstick since 4:30 am. Even if it's 5:45 pm, after a day of eating and commuting, it still looks great. 
I never understood the hype on Ferrero nor liked eating them, but I recently developed an appreciation for it :D
Balls (Poem) 
I somewhat remember this commercial. Grade 2? XD 
Why can't I have my own laptop or even a pc? I feel like I can't do everything I'm supposed to when I need to.
The pursuit of meaning is much more meaningful in our lives than the pursuit of happiness 
Pasensya na sana maintindihan mo. Gusto lang kita makasama #muli #bamboo
Awaiting nerve-wracking news on the first day of the week.
People exercising power and authority when they themselves don't have respect for other people are assholes.
Why do people here ruin mornings?
Despite my occassional complaints about the weekly Tondo immersions, I'm gonna miss it even if I'm glad it's over.
@cltheroyal You'd rather walk na lang eh. Mga 20-30 minutes from Lozol to EDSA :))
2 HOURS JEEP RIDE FROM VITO CRUZ TO EDSA THAT'S NORMALLY 15 MINS. MANILA AND PASAY SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE TAFT ROAD...
WORST COMMUTE OF MY LIFE: NEARLY 4 HOURS JUST TO GET HOME. SHIT LANG
Tondo today tangina
Found my Campaign Officer ID for the Frosh Elections last year haha 
If the prof asks me what I think of it, I'll say Fray Montano is dirty and disgusting booo.
"The Death of Fray Salvador Montano, Conquistador of Negros" is somewhat disturbing and gross but it's for HUMALIT sooo yeah.
Caramel bars from Max's are seriously the best &lt;3
They're playing The Cure on the radio! :D #boysdontcry #fridaymadness
Ako to hehe "@girlposts: my personality changes depending on the state of my eyebrow game 
Tell Me Lies, Tell Me Sweet Little Lies 
@rodney0408 You rock more! :D
Listening to Boys Like Girls never gets old.
Wish that SOCIEDU midterm kanina wasn't as nerve-wracking &amp; distressing as STGEART's midterm lol #ThrowbackThursday 
Barn and Beach closed? Sayang! I was planning to HT tomorrow after midterms since I haven't HT'd in a long time #ohwells
"@PoetryTexts: 
As important it is to be SMART enough for the SOCIEDU exam, I need to be SOBER too
Looks like normal iced tea but it's my last resort to keep me awake &amp; there's Nestea &amp; Cuervo around #IcedTeaquila 
Guys tayo ulit for LASARE2 and 3 ha :D "@renieelll: L85! <VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND>
(c) Mr. Nelson 
Me: (looking at a corner w/ earphones on)
Dad: Are you even studying?
Me: I'm praying *lets Dad listen to the mass praise hymns*
#Godhelpme
Made a new friend this morning before LASARE1 started: Gill the cat :)) (Photos by @WOLF88Sehun ) 
Dat feeling na brains mo pumuputok na sa kakamemorize gaaaahhh
Puede bawiin ang tulog pero ang grades hindi #allnighter #SOCIEDU
LASARE1 was very memorable. May not be as profound as my past recollections but this is so far my favorite &lt;3
LASARE1 later :D
I’m constantly changing from calm to ill…”
Don't you leave me alone; don't you let go...#smallpools
Smallpools #ontrack :D
Home so so early ahihihi
I don't know which of these two I can't keep up with: running after a ball(FTTEAMS) or the running mouth of Dr.Tee(SOCIEDU) #labyudoc
@sammening Made for academics talaga tayo. Malas lang maapekto yun dahil sa PE :))
Whenever I think of my performance in Futsal a while ago, I can't help but feel awful and terrible that I am not made for sports.
Itching to write poetry when I need to study for SOCIEDU....
Monday is FTTEAMS. FTTEAMS is Futsal. Futsal is death.
@Graceharthart Miss you too sis! &lt;3
2-2 DLSU vs FEU #omg
I REGRET not going to the game. I could only imagine my friends bragging tomorrow lol
Sheettt one allll DLSU vs FEU
DLSU scores the goal!
Oh so it's still 0-0 for DLSU vs FEU sa UAAP Men's Football #Herewegoagain
Now that the General Elections are near, please be advised. 
Watching UAAP Womens Football UP vs FEU on TV. Parang mas siga ang girl players sa guy players #girlpower
Saan na nagpunta kislap ng yong mata? Ibabalik pa ba?
Won't be able to go to the UAAP Footbal finals DLSU vs FEU later :(
@sammening RESORTS WORLD MANILAAAA
The feeling when you're not at EVO'15 :(( #midterms #theresalwaysnextyear
@btrcrdr @isaacsngo Hope it won't be the very last one though
Tired from the CWTS immersion. 2nd to the last pa naman to so ok na yun.
Hidden falls at Hidden Valley Springs 
Hope this day turns out better than how it started.
I write to find out who I am. 
I write to understand things.”
I seriously can't wait to have a job and move out of this place because people here piss me.
I would share this over and over again 
It's funny how some people in school are so close to their groups but they run to me when they have serious personal matters to discuss....
It's an OPM kinda night :D
#ThrowbackThursday With my fellow YFL St.Anne Chapter C Core late last year. Missing these people &amp; the others... 
PASSION PIT'S NEW ALBUM "KINDRED" IS SO SO SICK OMG
Bro thought I went on Happy Thursday &amp; texted me that there will be a raid again later in Taft. To those who are going HT tonight,be careful
Home so early on a Thursday...
#Ontrack Portugal. The Man's "Evil Friends" album while researching for FACILERN
To the Senior HS students taking the NAT, it doesn't matter if you do bad. They need ALL the freshmen college students next year #jerkadvice
Everyone is a bitch in this place...
Here's to staying up late just for you even if I feel like you'll screw me over....#math
That somewhat frustration when you didnt't even sleep just to go to school on time then your first class is freecut #pota
My wisdom tooth is killing me. Kinda like aquiring wisdom; you need to experience pain and difficulty in order to achieve it #toothachehugot
Eating drinking coffee alone in Pericos. Need to stay awake for class.
jgh from QC and it's 3:30 am. Absolutely don't have time for sleeping...
Foodtrip to Morato then another one in UP Techno Hub; it's like I don't have 7:30 am class later lol
@isaacsngo job? So totoo ang pagtinda mo ng tocino at Avon? XD
Hoping for that Morato food trip again later with the cousins :))
Still here at Quezon Ave. Last day of the wake.
My wisdom tooth is starting to grow and it hurts like hell. No wonder babies cry a lot during teething.
@rodney0408 Veins? I have so much varicose veins na in the first place! XD
Thank God I got home safely :)
@rodney0408 Planter what? XD It aches a bit but I'm used walking long distances. Today was the longest walk I ever did, though...
@rodney0408 See the hashtag lol
Walked home from school; from Vito Cruz to here in Hagonoy, Taguig. It took nearly 4 hours and it's hella exhausting. #sacrifice
I finished the PTEACH1 exam earlier than I expected...
WAIT FREECUT PALA IN HUMALIT LATER YES YES YES
Not going home any time soon and I have 7:30 am class later lol
Still here in Quezonr Ave. Might head to Tomas Morato for real food #pizzapizzapizza
So cuteeee "@perfectbabies: It’s a baby penguin <BABY><PENGUIN> 
About to leave for the football game then they offered to cook bacsilog for lunch. That game might wait for a while :))
jgh from Taft to Tondo to Taguig to Alabang #pagod
@btrcrdr @isaacsngo Best pizza, best cake...dami pa talaga kailangang i-tackle on our next sesh XD
All I wanna do is live in ecstasy; I know what's best for me...#PurpleYellowRedAndBlue
#NowPlaying Portugal. The Man - Purple, Yellow, Red and Blue. Listening to this before I leave for CWTS
I think too much
I think too much
I think too much
I think too much
I think too much
I think too much
"I want to learn every single thing about you; I want to know you" "@PoemsPorn: 
Some moments are significant to me..."@PoemsPorn: 
This is why I hate you and her and I am so glad you guys are separated because you're both shit.
I hate it whenever I have a good day and you have the nerve to ruin it. I hate you.
I am "texting" because I am so sick of you talking about the same bullcrap.
Said my side but you insist to believe on what you want to believe. You are shit.
I had the courage to speak up against you but you're acting even more of an asshole. Why the hell do I live with people like you?
The whole day I noticed I only ate candy and sweets. Prolly the only thing I ate that isn't sweet was a bag of chips :))
@isaacsngo Uy famous! :))

- skips every song on my iPod
- lets the music play without interruption
- plays the same song on repea…
Saw this in Landmark and had to buy it. Seriously one of those nostalgic treats for me--stocking up next time :D 
@GabFORNIER That...pag nag-gown ka hahaha
@GabFORNIER I salute you for it :D
Dropped by the MAC counter to try the infamous Kylie lip: Whirl lipliner(w/ a bit of Mehr on top) #savingupforthis 
@rodney0408 Good timing? Wasted time nga and pamasahe going to school only to show up for nothing :P
Goes to school to pick up something from the secretary, but secretary ends up attending a seminar. Doing nothing now in school :P
"@TheCWW: The Breakfast Club said it right. 
@btrcrdr At least actual coffee shop compared sa Barn hahaha
@btrcrdr Tagal ko na kaya di nag-HT. Last term pa last ko hahaha
@btrcrdr Buti nga :))
@btrcrdr *shots lol can't help that joke
@btrcrdr There is. Search Taft on twitter ang duga as in :))
OMG THERE WAS A RAID IN TAFT KANINA? OMG BUTI LAST MINUTE DI NA AKO NAG-HAPPY THURSDAY #MIDTERMSKASI
@rodney0408 "I studied a lot, then I forgot everything when I saw the paper. Huhu. #FACLERNMidTerms" THIS HAS NEVER BEEN SO ACCURATE
@sammening Turo ka rin FTTEAMS. Parang bumabagsak na ako dun dahil di ko talaga kaya mag-FUTSAL hahaha
Along with being weird, this Thursday night was so bv. HT plans were ruined #disappointed
Ang weird ng araw na ito: Mas nadalian ako sa MATAPRE kesa sa FACILERN. Nagkasundo ako sa numbers samantala mga naaral ko sa FACI ay nawala.
FACLERN MIDTERM: FAC U
Studied for FACLERN but I still feel it isn't enough. Bro's cryptic answer on my question if Doc Bau's exams are hard is scaring me.
@GabFORNIER Thanks! :)
Used a combo of brown &amp; black eyeliner, red &amp; plum lipliner, and brown &amp; plum lipstick #bored #experiment #newlippie 
That Thing Called Tadhana is kinda depressing. Mga heartbroken na tao eh hahaha
I could eat hedgehogs(an Aussie sweet--NOT the animal) all day #newfavorite
Still hoping for a full-blown reunion but I'm still fangirling over this: 
#Ontrack John Mayer's "Room For Squares" album as I read and write a report for SOCIEDU :))
Teared up on this vid, man 
Interesting article here about captains of the skies: 
— Rudy Francisco
Let my bro watch the music video of Smallpools' "Karaoke" only for him not to continue watching it because it's "scary" :))
@sammening 26 simula ng midterms. Di ko alam kelan yung sa SOCIEDU.
Dear handouts of Dr.Tee: I could not memorize beyond the first page &amp; you're 5 pages long; ganito ba kahirap midterms niya? XOXO Gill
Don't wanna go to Tondo but can't wait to teach kids. This is reminding me of my KFL heartchamp days :D
"@kvttycat: I like myself one day, dislike myself the next...it's a never ending battle between what I am and what I want to be"
Come on and love me now....
The Cardigans - Carnival. SERIOUSLY WHY DIDN'T I KNOW THIS SONG EARLIER
@renieelll Nabasa ko na. Kailangan bang iprint yung activities or parang guide lang siya?
jgh from somewhere again. Hassle talaga may CWATS immersion later.
Can't forget the lamb chops, roast duck, salmon belly, lapu-lapu sashimi and the chocolate I ate awhile ago #sarap
Reading my syllabus makes me nervous; it makes you realize that you have something due tomorrow and shit.
jgh from City of Dreams(for @theresemilanes ' birthday) then Villa Salud(for le sister @AngelaChristi_C 's prom) :D
@theresemilanes @AliwalasPura @RymelCaramel @renieelll @sammening  Thank You for the scrumptious lunch buffet...and the ride home :))
For the first time since I studied in lozol, HINATID AKO SA ISKOOL NG DADDY KO #nocommute #nohassle #joy
jgh from my high school's play. Wala talaga silang sawa sa JCS hahaha.
Saintliness is Useless 
RAC and Youngblood Hawke at Wanderland Music Fest this year *sobs because I am broke*
Forever in love with poetry &lt;3 
Currently listening to Aqua's "Barbie Girl" and finally understanding what it actually means; my childhood is ruined....
@leonard0028 Malapit na! Pero ayaw ko talaga umalis ng YFL hehe

desperately wants to be in a relationship
desperately wants to stay single as long as …
Lady Gaga and Heart Evangelista's engagement rings pls. No fiancé required hahahaha.
A Happy Wednesday to beat all HT's :&gt;
My latest course according to the ID scanner: PHY-MAT :))
"@awkwardposts: Today got me like 
Classic Daft Punk songs beat morning coffee hehe.
If these aren't enough to keep me awake, then I don't know what is... 
FDSTUD1, TATAPUSIN KITA NGAYON (DAW)

Minsan MRT ticket
Minsan LRT ticket
Minsan quantity
Minsan isang kanta sa album
Araw-araw ako
"@blankedthoughts: 
"@blankedthoughts: 
A candy bar in the wee hours of the morning :D
What I see and feel..."@crypticbabe: and lately everything feels like: 
@isaacsngo Oh baby baby baby My baby baby qwskqwhsjwoswjwh na yieee  XD
@isaacsngo Meron na nga eh. Swerte nga di ako nasisikmura dito ngayon.
@isaacsngo Di pa nga ako kumakain ng tanghalian tas kakain ako ng chips at kape! hahaha
I haven't even started writing on my Field Study 1 book despite the 3 weeks freecut of the class lol
I ate so much junk today haaaay whyyyyy

minsan yung writer
minsan yung mahabang dahon
minsan yung Lang Leav the reckless and the brave i don't think i…
What I really want..."@PoemsPorn: 
"@PoemsPorn: 
But nonetheless, it was well written and creatively executed in an odd way.
The characters in Kelly Link's Stone Animals are seriously high. I can't believe I'm reading this for HUMALIT...
I think it's about time I own again a pair of red Chucks after spending most of my early teens wearing it to its demise.

I need 8 million dollars.
THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU'VE HAD YOUR CP SINCE HIGH SCHOOL AND THAT PROMISE OF A NEW PHONE IF YOU DO WELL IN SCHOOL IS A MYTH.
MY PHONE IS ACTING SO SHITTY UGH
@sammening @isaacsngo @MiriamMaldita @renieelll @AliwalasPura Akong gumawa nyan nyahahaha
2nd to the last day ng Univ week and I haven't ran into anyone I know? #Alone
Anyone at DLSU today? :)
Ahnbayern Globe di ko pa nakukuha load kooooooo
Super in love with this hair color &lt;3 Gonna dye it like this in the near future :D 
@renieelll Kamusta sina Sia sa Haunted Hall? :))
@isaacsngo OMG sexy back natin! Famous na tayo! XD
Artic Monkeys circa Fluorescent Adolescence as my soundtrack before this Thursday night comes to a close.
#throwbackthursday Ice cream in the cold winds of Isabella isn't always a bad thing--but pasty skin is lol #dp 
"@Iifepoems: Me lately 
Even if this day didn't start out great, I'm blessed to have friends who showed concerned especially when I needed it the most &lt;3
@SpicePanda Oo! He's an angel. He just randomly brings out a bar of Cadbury during a conversation and gives it out to people hahaha
A friend was so sweet to surprise people he talks to(me included) w/ a Cadbury bar while being immersed in a convo coz it's Valentine's &lt;3
Oddly not sleepy. Gonna spend the wee hours on reading Stone Animals for HUMALIT.
Damn vendor who said the ponkans he sold to me were sweet! They're sour beyond words! Sayang 10 pesos ko huhu
#Nowplaying Tennis - Deep In The Woods. Listening to their music on this somewhat monotonous evening.
@rodney0408 FREETHINKERS kamo. FILIPINO PA. So what can you expect? XD
@rodney0408 Di na ako emo :P I'm appreciating it lang in a kikay perspective, not anymore because of rebelling against the norm haha
@rodney0408 Whut? Paano mo nasabi? The author just stated facts about people who do long commutes(like moi).
I SHOULD WEAR DARK LIPSTICK MORE OFTEN...AND BUY MORE DARK LIPSTICK.
Why I super hate commuting 
This place I'm in is just full of animosity to even be considered a "home".
You don't know how happy I am to drink coffee again after almost two weeks of caffeine sobriety.
Just finished my LEAP! :D
5ever aloneee in Lozol :'(
Alone naman in the SJ benches...
Alone in Andrew 14th....
Man, I bought that puto for sharing and I ate it all up hehe
Puto smeared with yema between and on top is seriously the best!
Kailangan kong lagpasan ang mga pasanin na ito.
I need strength.
@NicoTrinidadSun OR thunder could strike it #Pagodnaako #whytry
@NicoTrinidadSun Meh. Too lazy to even walk out the room. I'll wait till their Magic Sing breaks...
Can I report it to the barangay? Ingay eh.
Seriously, it's almost midnight and the neighbors are still doing karaoke! They've been going at it since this morning! #irritated
#nowplaying Tokyo Police Club - Bambi. The older TPC tracks will attract to me more though their latest ones are still rad.

me: dlsu university week <GREEN HEART><GREEN HEART><GREEN HEART>

rt if u cryed
Buong araw na lang nagkaraoke yung kapitbahay namin -___-
Must get that I Love(La Salle More Than) Ateneo shirt. Gastos na naman for this week. XD
The internet is soooo slooooow
Nakakainis ang lalakeng sobrang vain at arte pero nakakatawa din kasi ganun nga sila XD
"@PoemsPorn: 
FOB's American Beauty/American Psycho track list for this Sunday morning's soundtrack :D
I hate flowers, but I dig the red and blue roses here &lt;3 "@sensuousvibes: Get me some maison des fleurs pls <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Power naps are seriously the best tho
I WOKE UP LIKE THIS (Yes, I mindlessly had a short nap with plum lipstick on holaaa) 
Shettt I'm getting rashes again the way I had the last time I was in Tondo #notcool
I actually enjoyed the Tondo immersion. Miss tuloy my days as a KFL Heartchamp &lt;3
CWATS immersion in Tondo. Hope I don't get sick like the last time I was there...
So pissed I dropped my phone and it's acting way worse than it already is.
jgh from Angelicum for FDSTUD1 and FACLERN.
Reflecting all my angst and stupid heartaches on rock music and oatmeal.
Kung hindi lang 3 units ang MATAPRE, cut ko na yan for sure para magbasa pa sa SOCIEDU
@renieelll Haay nako. Kahit essay pa yan baka included ang terms. Mas worse pa yan sa quiz tsk tsk
Must. Fight. Sleepiness. SOCIEDU metacognitive activity(Dr. Tee term for quiz) tomorrow. MUST. STUDY. MOREEE.
Super chill day. As in!
Finally, some good music on the radio that should be played more often: "1995" by The Eraserheads &lt;3
@leonard0028 Morning Kuya! Tara tara taralets! :))
It's an Imago kind of morning #soundtrip
But for the first time since the term started, first class ko starts at 9:15 so yay? :))
Gonna have only 1 class later and that somehow sucks.
Doing woeful poses on the floor,
feeling anguish and pain
I could feel the muscles contracting--
Am I going insane?
#cramps
Nagdadrama sa sahig dahil sa dysmenorrhea.
@JamesQuiambaoo of course not. First choice ko naman talaga is BSE-ENG.
@JamesQuiambaoo So meant for CLA talaga ako aww
So the ID scanner says that my course is AB-ISE :))
It's only me who could say that I'm running late even if it's 5:30 in the morning.
May long quiz pala sa SCIENVB over a topic the prof discussed for like, 10 mins
Why will I be graded for my athletic capability when I simply don't have any? :P
FTTEAMS may be tolerable compared to last term's FTDANCE but I still hate taking PE classes ever
"@FemaleTexts: Blair Waldorf appreciation tweet. 
The song numbers in Muppets Most Wanted are super wtf lang
in the dark so that 
nothing can see me

And sometimes I hide
because I see everything”
I made the meanest adobo for dinner :D
The accoustic version of Artic Monkeys' "Bakery" is just everything &lt;3
Masama bang magalit? Bakit nagagalit kayo pag ako'y nagagalit? Wala ba akong karapatan sumama ang loob sa katarantaduhan niyo?
Lagi na lang naiinis ang tao dito sa akin kahit wala naman akong kasalanan sa isang bagay at ibang tao ang gumawa ng masama
Actually can't wait to watch "Tungkol Kay Angela" in CCP next week and I don't really care if it's incentive for HUMALIT.
Everyone is drinking alcohol at this moment while I'm drinking watered down chocolate milk
Bro's out since last night. Sis is off to some occasion with friends. Here I am on a Saturday evening, online window shopping :))
@GabFORNIER O diba? Dami pa reklamo iba eh. They should look at the bright side lol
There's nothing wrong in mandatory ID wearing in DLSU. It could be worse: We could be wearing yarn-strung name tags ala grade school haha
@isaacsngo Pero one of these days we have to go partying together. All English majors. SOMEDAY
@isaacsngo Dude I mean the terminal kung saan ako sumsakay pauwi. Puro "WE'RE THE FUCKING ANIMALS" naririnig ko hahaha ano ba iniisip mo
@isaacsngo Parang ayaw mo? ;D
@isaacsngo I'll bring you to places where they play it every night hahaha
Better Left Unsaid 
Sa totoo lang, mas mukhang totoong OPM music fetival yung upcoming concert ng University Week kaysa yung Fusion 2015 na yan #justsaying
Saw two pairs of heels(Bebe and Alexander Wang)that I badly need to save up for but the dude in the ukay won't reserve them for me :P
@AliwalasPura Sorry gena only saw this now! Solve ka na ba?
Ready to leave pero ayoko pa umalis! Wala ako green Save the Earth notebook! Nakakatamad pa magcommute! Wala din ako pera!
I always wonder what my life would be like if I chose  to go to UST &amp; pursue the course I was supposed to go to(AB Journ) instead...
Congrats to those who passed the USTET! :D
Suddenly woke up
@GabFORNIER Uhm what is the deviation of quadratic function? loljk haha
And I wonder: How do those freshmen from my high school know my Twitter and FB? Ang weird lang.
Need to start following more people on Twitter that are from my college rather than people from HS I barely know
CWATS pala mamaya and still have no green save the earth filler haay
Damn my poetic moods that come way more often when I think of you #midnightshit
Your alleged feelings for me 
Doesn't reflect on your actions
Unsuccessful at secrecy
yet you're confusing my emotions
#him
Hoy Lozol ang ganda ng mga artist line up nyo ha, from DJ Callum to Itchyworms to Imago. Dapat libre yung concert kasi mahal tuition harhar
@JackieVELHAGEN labya too &lt;3 Seriously can't wait hehe
@JackieVELHAGEN Main event for sure hahahaha &lt;3
OMG OMG OMG IMAGO IS PART OF THE ARTIST LINE UP FOR UNIVERSITY WEEK OMG IT CAN'T GET ANY BETTER
Everyone should seriously stop ranting about Noynoy. He was crappy to begin with anyway so please.
DONE WITH THE PAPERS FOR PTEACH1 WOOHOO
Playing Passion Pit's "Gossamer" Album before I leave for Pasig :D
Happy Thursdays 
The Mongols - Bakit Nga Ba? is seriously one of the best but underrated OPM songs ever
Still debating on things I should do today: Exercise, Go out to buy school stuff, do more school stuff, stand up....
But I drink champagne now
It's almost 8 and I'm still here in the comp lab. Buti walang klase ang masters students or I'll embarrassingly get kicked out here again
Here's to doing papers that require references in APA style :))
So many things to type that are due either next week or at the end(sipag lang) of the term so I'm happy thursdaying here in the Comp Lab lel
Want to collect them all someday 
Tokyo Police Club's "Champ" album on track as I finish my assignment :D
Had an early dismissal but went home only now because annoying and unfortunate stuff had to happen today haaay
Gagamboxing -___-  Whut? -____-
OMG I LEFT MAH USB IN SCHOOL NOOOOOO :'(
I'm starting to enjoy the company I have in my cross-enrolled classes &lt;3
Improv acting Workshop or a seminar with Atom Araullo? Man, bakit isa lang puede ma-enroll sa LEAP?
This video may only be 16 secs. but is too heartwarming for words 
Who jogs in denim shorts like seriously
All the foods in Cloudy 2 are so cute omg
IF SANDWICH, ITCHYWORMS AND HALE COME AT UNIVERSITY WEEK, I CRI OKI #excited
Sana may encore ang Midsummer Night's Dream so I can watch it &lt;3
Wish I watched AMND in St.Scho. Missed watching that play :(
3 ROTC officers looked at me as they passed by &amp; I laughed at their faces coz they were literally marching in Henry Sy &amp; looked so serious
Tambay mode here at Henry Sy. Barely any peeps here; LAVETT &lt;3
Gonna have an exam from 8-12:30. UPCAT lang ang peg so wish me luck, guys! :D
You Son of a Bitch 
Big time hungry hehe "@whykidscried: "I wouldn't let him finish eating dirt." - Krystle, Washington 
The new Fall Out Boy album sounds soooo gooooood. Forever a fan &lt;3
Supposed to be writing another essay but am out of inspiration :P
@isaacsngo @renieelll @AliwalasPura @WOLF88Sehun @sammening Gora lang! Puede ko na gamitin Sodexo ko dun hehe &lt;3
Ended up taking unusual routes home. Kinda regretted/enjoyed it though
Seriously feeling belittled by the upperclassmen here coz I am Frosh :P
Hating this HUMALIT class
Here in school so early.
FINALLY AFTER 6 MONTHS OF WAITING, I HAVE MY USG SHIRT #BOSS
@isaacsngo @princepired @rodney0408 Muchas gracias, Isaac! :D
I'm not one for calamansi in pancit(except calamansi flavored instant pancit?)but it really does make a difference. Ang sarap lang
This happens all the time "@CnnOGs: When your outfits on point but your plans get cancelled... 
Everything stopped and stood still when the Pope visited the Philippines. Now he is leaving and it will all be back to reality again.
Decipher 
I'm actually not impressed with the classes for LEAP2k15. They don't sound as exciting as the ones my bro had last year.
Those "Pota E Di Wow" posts are killing me with laughter as in
You gotta give it to the Swiss Guards who ran along with the Popemobile from the Quirino Grandstand to the Nunciature :D
Bibili ako ng kapote pag punta ako ng mall hehe. Yellow like my idol's hola Pope Francis ya looking cutiee
It's like Pope Francis rolled his eyes when Binay kissed his hand or I could be seeing things wrong
I swear while they were chanting for the pope in Quirino, I heard Mickey Mouse in the background say "Mabuhay". Ako lang ba nakarinig?
The pope looks cute in a raincoat hihi
USTe people cheering on Pope Francis &lt;3
Swerte ng bata sa right ni Pope sa UST mass habang nagperform ng "Tell the world of his love". First ka-holding hands niya ata si Francis ha
It's 4 in the morning and all I'm doing is ogling at rare merchandise that I can't afford of indie bands I love
I don't understand people who drink alcohol before 6 like seriously
This photo is just so unreal. Pope Francis' smile is so infectious &lt;3 "@JohnCeeeeee: HE IS JUST SO ADORABLE  
Puede ba stop talking to me if you're just gonna ruin my mood sheeesh
Still awake. Awake still...
This post is giving me the early morning feels 
Someone had the nerve to eat my food and not apologize for it. I JUST REALLY HATE THAT
It's only morning and I'm already fuming
Can't even make myself fall back to sleep

Why am I still up this late/early?
@eeeeetad Thanks. God bless sa atin lahat :)
While waiting for the motorcade in Quirino...
Lola 1: Ba't wala pa si Pope Francis?
Lola 2: Baka naabutan niya ang dry run
#omg #benta
Jgh from Quirino, near the Apostolic Nunciature. I was able to see Pope Francis even for only a few moments &lt;3
Seriously my cell time just went from 11:10 to 11:13. Paano na 11:11 wish ko huhu
Selfie is actually a good show. Haven't liked a series this much since Gossip Girl although GG will always be my &lt;3
I'm dying to live, something's gotta give... #AllTimeLow #NewSingle #Love
Lip synching will never be a work of theatre art. EVER
To those who didn't pass the ACET, okay lang yan. Kung mayaman ka, puede ka magpa-appeal XD Or just choose La Salle #fate #AnimoLasalle
To those who passed UP, you might want to consider an archer rather than Oble. Promise you won't regret it hihi  #mystory #AnimoLasalle
UPCAT and ACET results period....man, those were the days XD
A Lonely Kind of Smile 
Home early to avoid the dry run in Taft #success
Looks like the end of days....
#NowPlaying The Like - June Gloom. This song never gets old
But I appreciated football even more because of futsal. Just hope I can cope with how demanding it actually is
Seriously why did I think futsal was the best ftteams choice for me eh I can't feel my legs anymore after the first class :))
@AliwalasPura hahahahaha omg
@AliwalasPura I have homework in my HUMALIT but I don't really know kung meron sa HUMALIT niyo sorry :(
Wasted most of my time just looking for my damn value cards. I can't even enjoy breakfast since I gotta go in 15 mins

I want new clothes
I swear Kowloon House has probably the cheapest yet amazing sharksfin siomai ever &lt;3
This is why I'd rather be anywhere but the house....
It's hard to change for the better when the ones who are supposed to support you demotivate you to be at your worst
Went home at 1, crashed on my bed then wakes up now at 12 nn. Damn
Should've woken up earlier para di sayang oras. Para I can do everything I need and want to do today seamlessly
Still have to buy a gift for a birthday &amp; save for the fare going there though. Di kaya budget ko pumunta sa Community Con kahit gusto ko
Debating whether I should still go to the CFC-FFL Community Conference or not.
Getting nagged on the morning is just the worst
Accurate pictures on that horrible monthly event females go through 
Hilariously funny descriptions to complement the beautiful art on unrequitted love 
THIS "@worddiction: 
I really want to go to the Community Con in ultra but no one is replying to my texts. It's either I don't go at all or crash the place hehe
Kinda disappointed I didn't go out this Thursday night
It's as if I wrote this coz this is exactly what I am. The writer's initials also are like mine  :)) "@PoemsPorn: 
My siblings make me bv :P
IT'S ONLY 4 AND I'M AT HOME NA FROM REGULAR CLASS. I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE IT HIHI
Good thing my first class finished early. I went to Andrew pa from LS #hassle
Can't believe the third term starts today. I'm like 'Did I survive two terms already?'
3rd term begins tomorrow and suddenly, I don't feel so frosh anymore
Touchdown Taguig :)
School is two days from now and I don't wanna leave this place yet #NorthKid
"@Iifepoems: 
The only thing better than carabao's milk is fresh chocolate carabao's milk from the North :D 
Last night here in Isabela. Everything was great yet went by too fast. Haaay...
Being in a place as high as the mountain provinces here in the North, I see how low the clouds are above me
The sorta awkward moment when you keep looking to your left and right in a trip because both of the views are amazing
Already in Nueva Vizcaya. The roads going up here in the mountains are darn scary #Fearofheights
When the driver shouted "Bust stop!" I immediately thought of the Ely Buendia and Francis M. Song
Why is the wi-fi here faster than the wi-fi in Manila lol
Touchdown Tarlac. Around 5 hours more before Isabela #Roadtrip
Whoa 5000th tweet ko na to hahaha
First time to go out of town that doesn't consist of going down south #NorthKid
It's been 15-16 years since I last went to Isabela and I'm about to get there in 8-10 hours :D
Only have less than 3 hours to sleep; gonna go to Isabella later :D
Bye 2014. You were quite a year for me. Hello 2015 :D
It doesn't feel like it's going to be 2015 half an hour from now...
Cramps suck #Girlproblems
Same "@PoemsPorn: 
Someone on my fb newsfeed said he was listening to THINGKING Out Loud #SpellingNazi #What
Tokis friends&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Now onto my plans of reading the whole night(or early morning) away :D
The Interview is kinda weird and gross but it's pretty entertaining in a way.
"You know what's more destructive than a nuclear bomb? WORDS" #TheInterview #KimJongUn
@carmelcbcngn @ayeteiram Hello beautiful &lt;3
James Franco's character in The Interview reminds me of the usually high guys in school lol
Was planning to spend this insomniac night by reading a book while drinking coffee until my bro started to put "The Interview" on tv
One of my fave artists' take on nudity that doesn't look cheap at all. Gustav Klimt's Naked Girl sketch 
Körperlich's blog made me appreciate nude art a bit more.
Jgh from YFL St.Anne Chapter Christmas Party! :D
Kung may malapit lang na junkshop, may pera sana ako sa kalakal :))
As an English major, it's amazing how many papers accumulate after 2 terms even if I've thrown out so much already in past cleanings
From Baclaran to Ayala and yet still not as exhausted #BatangGala
Haaay...those high school "friends" from my batch still frustrate me kahit college na ako.
You don't deserve a friend like me. Ever
Just cares to show how stupid you are, planning meet-ups w/ those "friends" na kasing plastic mo :P
Funny how I've been the last friend standing for you yet you left me into thin air. Then you come back to town, meet up with everyone BUT me

how do u survive 

are u ok
The internet has been crappy lately...
Quote of the day(or maybe a quote to sum up my 2014): Las cosas nunca mejoran sin antes ponerse peor. Todo se equilibra :)
Cousin gave me bubble dye as a gift. If only I didn't have other tubes of unused hair dye then I would've used her gift lol
Every time I go to my cousin's house, she always has a cute new puppy. Ako rin gusto :(
Gingerbread cookies make me feel like it's Christmas already
It's actually Christmas Eve. Haven't felt the yuletide vibe here too much...
*Wears her tallest heels when going out at night* *But then so does every other girl* #ShortGirlAppreciationDay
It's the biggest habit of mine to always be anxious of the unforseen "@Iifepoems: 
I don't love nor respect you. I just know that I am not in that place yet to go against you. But once I do, you won't forget it
You keep saying that this other person was evil when in fact, you're the most selfish and difficult person I've ever gotten to known
One day, when I earn enough to leave this place, I will just disown you and say everything bad I've always wanted to say to your face.
Napapamura na ako sa yo sa Twitter. Nakakainis ka. Bwisit
I just had a good time out and you ruin that feel good mood because you're an asshole
Don't wanna speak to me? Fine. I never wanted your shit anyway. Alanganin akong tao? Paano kaya ikaw na gago na anak ng puta pa...
Material things aren't enough to prove you care for us you physically, mentally and verbally abusive moron.
Going back here is like going back to reality--the bad kind you just wanna escape.
Stuff my mom kept saying while heel shopping with my sis  &amp; I kanina...
To sis: "That's too low!"
To me: "That's too high!"
SOMEONE ATE MY VANILLA YOGHURT AND I AM SO ANGRY COZ THAT PERSON CAN'T EVEN SAY SORRY
I sat stonefaced but sorta got kilig inside hihi
I hate that song but remembering how he sang it...damn...
Just hung out with YFL friends over someone's pre-18th. Realized I missed the community more than I thought
Ang galing ng Lord, noh? Minsan ang mga plano mo di matutuloy kasi may maganda pang nakaplano para sa yo &lt;3
Jgh from school to Baclaran to a pre-debut celebration nearby :D
There goes my plans for today haaay....
I don't know which is odder: Painting my nails moments before I leave the house or painting my nails in a frosted color of polish #ManiProbs

lmao what's new?
Good vibes turned into bad vibes sigh
Said good news to people here about my grades only for them to turn the sitch &amp; give me unnecessary semons
I don't see why you tell me I "ruin mornings" when I simply don't mind people at all in the first place, avoiding to deal w/ asses like you
@isaacsngo Kaya nga eh! XD From baby to matanda, makatingin sila sa foods ko hehe
Nahiya ako kanina sa mga katabi ko sa jeep kasi kumain ako ng kwek-kwek w/ suka tapos choco ice cream in a cup. Grabe aroma nila sa jeep lol
Late lunch: White rice with inasal corned tuna and chopped tomatoes. NO REGRETS #WhatDiet
It may not be a failure, but it felt like a punch knowing whatever I did to the course wasn't enough
School's technically done but the real stress is when the grades are out
"Here’s What The Cast Of 'Arthur' Looks Like Now" OMG LOL AT MY CHILDHOOD HEHE 
@btrcrdr What I suggested is good :)) Or do the powder trick but it feels weird sa lips but then matte feels weird naman eh
@btrcrdr What price point? Meron sa MAC and Nars but for something affordable, sa Wet 'N Wild and NYX :)
Bought a lipstick as dark as my spirits caused by school....
Retail therapy made me forget the shit of today but once I got home, everything hit me again like a ton of bricks #Sakit
There goes the first gunshot to the heart courtesy of STRCENG. Bakit malas na naman ako sa majors?
Not all the jerks in the world can make me feel all shitty inside as you #SecondTerm #Acads 
Why can't they post all the grades at once? I hate the suspense eh
Why does my Dad think I know where to find the DCAT 2015 results I mean iba nung panahon ko okay lol
Won't be able to pick up my EAF from school today because my pinkeye just got worst

rt if papasa tayong lahat
Stay 
Drinking ultra-thick and decadent hot cocoa BECAUSE I DESERVE TO HAVE HIGH ENDORPHINS AFTER FINALS
@btrcrdr FTDANCE and PERSEF pa lang nakakita sa MyLasalle
2 of my courses released their grades online already. Let the anxiously waiting game begin to my other courses
The worst part in feeling like this, knowing my history of having them, is I can have an unexpected nervous breakdown anytime
Feels like I'm buried yet I'm still alive; it's like a bad day that never ends....#Phoenix
#NowPlaying Phoenix - If I Ever Feel Better. My self theme for now...
Feeling a bit better :) But God knows for only how long...
How much more bad news do I have to take in such short notice? Puro na lang dart sa hart :(((
Seriously if anything can assure me that everything will turn out fine, I need it for my life
Too distraught to do anything. Too distraught to feel any positive emotion. Just plainly miserable and distraught with everything...
I've been feeling the biggest chest pains due to anxiety :((
THAT HUGE SIGH OF RELIEF WHEN YOU SUBMIT YOUR ENGLRES THAT'S DUE AT 12NN AT 11:59 AM AND NATANGGAP NG PROF MO WOOHHHOOO

Me: Gusto ko mc-mc-mc-makapasa this term...
#OnTrack Spoon's "They Want My Soul" album as I do last minute editing for the nth time on my ENGLRES paper before submitting :D
I can't stop watching this video of a baby flexing her muscles &lt;3 
everyone behind sometimes.
Feeling bad I missed #PaskuhanFullBlast at the last minute. Finals, y u do dat 2 mi
The moment you realize you don't go to school because you aren't supposed, not because of suspension, and you get the biggest sigh of relief
Forgot to logout. Be careful next time. :-)
Too excited for the play later that I already put on my makeup lolol
I loathed lugging around these guys everywhere for almost 1 term yet I feel sad parting w/ these books for ENGLRES 
51 Of The Most Beautiful Sentences In Literature 
DONE WITH ALL MY CHDODEV REQUIREMENTS YAHOOOO
DONE W/ MY CHDODEV PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT PORTFOLIO! NOW ON TO MY TOY ANALYSIS REPORT &amp; 3 PAGE ESSAY. I HAVE LESS THAN AN HOUR &amp; A HALF LEFT
Seeing my Filipino (love)poems circa 2012 in an old Math notebook from Junior year. OMG was I so foolishly lovestruck then lol #cringe
CHDODEV Portfolio is due tomorrow pala and I haven't done yet the last 2 topics :((
I don't need your excessive bragging :P
Number 5 though &lt;//3 
HOWABOUT THE PLAY? AND THE PAPERS DUE? AND UGH HAGUPIT TALAGA
NO CLASSES DAW TOMORROW NOOOOOO!!!! :'(
And honestly, being alone during these moments is obviously the best option
I always wish I'd finally be alone: To avoid lazy groupmates. To emancipate from a demotivating family. To be free from this shittty life
I hate it when some people speak about my past against me especially when they themselves have the power to avoid what happened then
People here piss me off
HOY COMPUTER GUMISING KA NA! GISING NA IBANG TAO DITO SA BAHAY TAS IKAW TULOG PA TSK
Th computer won't open just when it's my time to use it and I need it the most
To people who DON'T HELP OUT AT ALL in group shit, please remember your grade is on the line, too
The STRCENG paper is due tomorrow and there's no class and it has a long way go pa and I am scuuurreed
Been using the computer in the library for the past 3 hours now and there's no chance of finishing anytime soon #ResearchPapers #Acads
Paskuhan is moved to Thursday, Dec. 11. HAPPY THURSDAY NA YAN SA USTE :D
No one wants to spend their Saturdays in school but here I am, even after early CWTS dismissal boo
LISTENING TO SMALLPOOLS' NEW SONG, "KARAOKE"! LSS MOMENT HERE &lt;3
Sana mabilis commute ngayong umaga. I don't wanna miss my block performing for their FTDANCE culminating activity
So some General from the 1800's/early 1900's added me and my mutual friends w/ him are my Isko and Iska pals. Is this a UP thing?
I SERIOUSLY HATE IT WHEN GIRLS BORROW MY HAIR TIES AND NEVER GIVE IT BACK COZ IT'S HARD TO FIND HAIR TIES THAT FIT MY THICK HAIR HUHU
THE MOST ADORABLE DANCE BATTLE EVAH &lt;3 
@cltheroyal You Happy T'd noh? ;)
Okay so I just accidentally sent "Are you Happy Thursdaying?" to my Dad and ugh I don't want him to think I do that gah
Random sight at Henry Sy Building: Brothers and priests from all over the world dancing and partying it up #HappyThursday
Mr. Stranger, I barely know you
I'm in danger; It's you I'm attracted to


other days i feel nothing at all
@JamesQuiambaoo Easier to commute at 9 than during the Rush Hour.
Listening to some groovy oldies as I am rewriting my ENGLRES here in the SJ Comp Lab :D #America #NowPlaying
MY FRIENDS' BEBE GIRL IS SO CUTE AND CHUBBEH AHHH CAN'T WAIT TO MEET HER SOON
2 Finals tests tomorrow:  STRCENG and FTDANCE; two courses I have insufficient preparation for XD
WANT TO READ MIRIAM SANTIAGO'S BOOK "STUPID IS FOREVER" &lt;3
I think like this a lot "@PoemsPorn: 
Just let go a valuable earring. Hope that person who got it in the White Elephant Game wears it :)
Time and Value 
Reading a Pablo Neruda poem posted on LRT's Berso sa Metro kinda made my morning :"&gt;
with a bad temper.
all these thoughts in my head.
attract a strong mind 
or offend a weak one.
Okay so I just realized now that the mouses in the SJ comp lab are WIRELESS like come on I've been here a few times I only know now lol
The computers in SJ are God send as in
Been to 3 different computer labs today and this one in SJ is my 4th one so far lol
That feeling when your first class on a Monday starts at 11 pa &lt;3
I know my ENGLCOM prof has reasons why she was absent for 2 weeks but the course should've been done by now &amp; I'm missing play rehearsals
10 Things All English Majors Understand. LOL at the last part 
It's been a while since I saw my YFL fam, especially my Chapter C alagas :)) #TATAGDYC
Need to wake up early again for Sunday and it's already midnight
Tagalog version of Pawn Stars wtf
Honestly, I won't accept failing in STRCENG or anything this second term. I cannot afford it--metaphorically and literally
"@AliwalasPura: I'll wear black on the day of the STRCENG finals. Condolence in advance. Who's with me?" Joining the bandwagon....
Out of all the parties organized by Lozol, I guess the "A Merry Christmas" Party with the kids w/ down syndrome was the best so far :D
Despite being pissed over not watching Priscilla in Resorts World, my day was made coz of these kids with DS :D 
That feeling of nearly watching Priscilla Queen of the Desert for free then *poof* #disappointment
"@ILOVECOFFEEjp: I only need coffee on days ending with "y" 
"@ILOVECOFFEEjp: Don't say anything until I've had my coffee. 
About to leave for the first Christmas Party I am attending for this year! Gonna celebrate it with special needs kids :D
It's a The Corrs kinda morning #OnTrack
From my block's HUMALIT sched to COE HUMAART to orig block HUMAART sched to COB HUMALIT
@Monsieur_Vertoi  At kahit wala ka na. Nangangarap at umaasa pa rin ako..... #ChristmasBlues 
Waiting for classes in animo.sys to open up like I'm anticipating for snow to fall down in the Philippines #umaasa
FINALLY GOT THE LAST SLOT FOR FUTSAL FTTEAMS! COME ON HUMALIT, PABIGYAN MO NA RIN AKO!
Nako now I might be forced to take HUMAART if I  don't get the sched and section I want for HUMALIT
UGH! THE SLOT FOR HUMALIT IS GONE AGAIN! TOO MUCH HEARTBREAK IN ONE DAY
HASSLE 4:30 PM INTER-COLLEGE ENROLLMENT FOR FROSH AND MOST COMPUTER LABS HERE IN SCHOOL ARE CLOSING AT 4 TODAY SO MAKAUWI NGA AKO NGAYON
OMG THE CLASS I WANT TO TAKE THAT WAS SUPPOSEDLY FULL IS OPEN AGAIN OH MY SANA MAHABOL KO YUNG SLOT
Heartbroken because slots for classes I want to take are full &lt;//3 #enrollmentblues
"@FactsOfSchool: "How was school?" 
Not a moment goes by without missing you but some times I long for you than I ever do
I miss seeing you around....
"@Iifepoems: 
Hmph 7:30 rehearsal daw eh asan ang iba?
This is sort of blasphemous but still admittedly funny 
STARTING NA MY CHDODEV JOURNALS EVEN IF I WAS GIVEN THE WHOLE TERM TO DO SO LOL
"I’m not the girl you fall in love with. I’m the woman you learn to love." &lt;3 
Cyma is seriously the best &lt;3 Planning to try some of the others one of these days :D 
Parang I want to take INTOFILO and KASPIL next term :))
Nestle Chuckie White Chocolate Milk is a joke. There isn't even white chocolate listed in the ingredients wtf
I've been going to the grocery a lot after school lol
My Result: "Incredibly observant! How Good Are You At Reading People? ". GUESS I CAN READ PEOPLE 
DOGGY GIFS &lt;3 
*looks for synonym on Thesaurus for ENGLRES* *Ends up looking at every "Word of the Day" posts and educational slideshows of the site*
Is it me but I think Demolino improved its flavor already? Because it tastes even better than it really does
10 more words to go before 2,500 words in ENGLRES yet I feel like kulang pa to
Good thing sir felt my awkwardness and dismissed me an hour early lol
It feels super awkward to be with a frosh block that's not your own and they're not that friendly pa
Ice cream making at the Food Lab. Conyoness errwhere:
"Why is there gulaman?"
"Here's the basurahan!"
"It smells like mamon!"
It's my last meeting for LBYENVC and honestly, I haven't made friends with anyone from the CLA block I'm in. Bakit snob pa sila booo
No matter how much I listen to it, Tadhana by Up Dharma Down will always give me the feels
I'm already familiar with the enrollment process of lozol and customizing of sched shit but it still baffles me a lot lol
The prof for futsal(soccer) was my teacher for FTWELL noong first term who made aerobics a living hell but oh well better than water polo
MY FTTEAMS FOR NEXT TERM IS WATER POLO! NOOOOO!!! HAAAY ANOTHER COURSE TO CROSS ENROLL!
Mah sinigang sa sampalok is a sucess bebe
JWU from a 14 hr sleep! I deserve this especially since I've been leaving the house early in the morning then going home late the past week
Why'd you have to be so rude....and bossy....and annoying....? #bitch
Watching #FishHairWoman at Yuch. The first hour went great so far and I can't wait to see what happens next
So I spent nearly 4 hours so far on my research paper and only managed to type more or less than 100 words on it. RESEARCH IS TIRING
I LOST MAH EARPHONES HUHU KAHIT CD-R KING LANG YAN HUHU PA RIN
Ran into a childhood bestfriend of mine after nearly 7 years :D
Couldn't fall asleep so here I am, commenting on posts sa DLSU Profs to Pick XD
You can't go wrong with free pizza and doughnuts along with getting to know fellow scholars :D #Lemniscate
Taught in my ENGLCOM class a while ago. Even my jokes are corny to Science Majors lol
Using the bus home was a bad idea--A VERY BAD IDEA INDEED
Sana my ENGLRES class now is a lot like CHDODEV earlier when we played Ice Water XD
Ugh, I still can't get over 1,500 words in my ENGLRES research paper
There's an implicit Twitter war in my dash and it's 12:20 am on a school day lol
Try leaving the house super early but end up missing your first class because of the damn traffic over stupid electric posts
It's been ages since I was scolded by guards in school for wearing a super mini skirt yet I get a sermon before I leave the house EVERYTIME

Things I receive: struggles
Gala mode like Quezon last Friday and the Fort yesterday Saturday and possibly again today is hurting my funds :(
jgh from a fun, clean night in the Fort :D
I hate everyone here idk why #galitsamundo
FINALLY HAVE THE BAZOOKA ROCKS 3 SHIRT YES YES
Just had the best day with these peeps @SpicePanda  and @ATLparade! :D
Andrew 17th floor is always bare on a Friday....
Plans for today, sana matuloy kayo
Damn my eyes feel strained -___-
I THINK A HUGE WEIGHT WAS LIFTED OFF AFTER A GOOD REPORT FOR STRCENG KANINA. SLEEPLESS NIGHTS, RESEARCH, &amp; MISSED GIMIKS WERE WORTH IT &lt;3
When I say my idea everyone be like :"no"

When others say my idea everyone be like: "SIGE LET'S DO THAT"

#pissed
I WILL NEVER, EVER LEAVE MY USB EVERRRR
"@tumbIrpost: wow 
"@PoemsPorn: 
Can't stop thinking about the fact that 30%-40% of my course grade is at home, probably on the floor scattered among my mess gaaah BV BV BV
I FORGOT MY USB AND MY ANNOTATED BIBLIOGRAPHY IS THUR AND IT'S DUE TODAY UGH BADTRIP
"@PoemsPorn: 
Literally running to the house in happiness because it is the earliest I've ever gone home from school in weeks
That feeling of not knowing if you have first period class or not but are still leaving the house late anyways :P
Me every single morning this term "@tryingrex: 
Addicted to Mac DeMarco's somewhat haunting tune, "My Kind of Woman". Why didn't I discover this sooner?
That anxiety you feel of not knowing whether you'll facilitate or not in STRCENG tomorrow
"@PoemsPorn: 
My childhood right here "@SchoolKidsofMNL: "ito ang beat sabay sabay, ito ang beat bawal sablay." 

I love it when I catch you staring.
just once,
someone please tell me
something encouraging.
I'm so tired of trying,
and I don't even know
i…
I've been pressured academically all my life by my family, but I only felt actual pressure this 2nd term of college sigh
"@PoemsPorn: 
Everything listed was just too accurate 
@Monsieur_Vertoi Good luck to us on this
We'll see each other again soon, hopefully.....
It's been ages since I last saw you, but I'm content with listening to the sound of your voice and the way you speak for now &lt;3
"@joytimpug: "@common_girI: #TweetYourLifeInOnePicture .. 
Cares to show how clever Filipinos could be with names XD 
You'll know your assigned topic for a report is really difficult if even 
Heavenly Beat's Talent album is somehow keeping me sane as I study for my report for STRCENG. I'm about to go over the edge...
If my classes don't end so late in the afternoon, I would definitely visit all the museums and planetariums in Manila :D
Planning to go to the #2 one of these days after class ha 
Staying up this late for Anna Karenina
Just when I thought I'll have the whole day to do my schoolwork tomorrow, my sis needs someone to acccompany her to CSB and UA&amp;P :P
Been on the computer for 5 hours yet I have only translated 5 scenes from the Filipino script. 14 pages more &lt;//3
OMG I teared up a bit. God bless him "@gelorawr: The best story I read in @TheUSTF He's the real MVP in life <FLEXED BICEPS><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
Okay so the Shutter Island script is like, 136 pages long :P
"@Paaamstyles: DAMN SO TRUE<WAVING HAND SIGN> 
Considering this... 
I should treat myself after this. Family Mart Ice Cream ikaw yun hihi
It's almost 9 and I am still here in Gox
Typing for ENGLRES and translating a Filipino script; feels like Unhappy Thursday haha
@juliaanbarretto Sayang :'(
@juliaanbarretto Sold out? Noooooo
Tapos yung Vendo machine, sa tabi ng Boys' CR at napakalayo sa CR ng ladies. Ang weird lang
I swear,the ladies' CR sa 3rd floor Gox is kinday scary but then there's not much people around to begin with
My red velvet crinkles molded into a big ball of red velvet and cream cheese frosting lol
I swear I just saw Ramon Bautista in Henry Sy yieeee
Seriously, this The Diliman Review from 1960 is so old and sorta dusty that it made me sneeze. Talo pa siya sa 1953 TDR....
I underestimated this part of the library w/ all the research journals since puede kunin online but I swear it's UH-MAZING &lt;3 #nerd
Attempted to eat a caramel bar and red velvet crinkles inside 9th floor of The Learning Commons....and succeeded
Spending my Happy Thursday in ze library lol
Why does the one guy I hate have to look awfully nice today hahaha
For the first time ever, I actually enjoyed my FTDANCE class :D
"@Iifepoems: 
Ok so week 9 of the term and there's a quiz tomorrow in STRCENG/STRESSENG #stressing
Ipagmalaki natin ating wikang Filipino dahil ito ay ginagamit rin ng minion :)) 
"@PoemsPorn: 
Probably my fave painting from one of my fave painters(Juan Luna): Despues Del Baile &lt;3 
Buti yung course shirts at yung batch shirts, puede na kunin basta bayad na. Yung USG shirt ko na ilang buwan nakalipas asaan na? :))
Reading this 1958 Philippine art book at the library. I swear, I am gushing over the beautiful and timeless art featured(1521-1957) :"&gt;
@beatriceredor UYYY KAKAIN NA YAN &lt;3
Overslept shit
MAKAKAUWI NA AKO! TAPOS NA AKO SA BIBLIOGRAPHY KO! (ALMOST...)
Not going home till I am done with my ENGLSTRESS #Kayakoto
Today's lesson in CHDODEV: Watching baby videos on Youtube :))
No matter how much I try to understand this research paper for STRCENG, I STILL DON'T GET ET ARGH
But then my shirt's white chiffon and lace like dapat feeling presko ako diba
It's so frickin hot; it must be the weird weather or my long sleeved shirt gah
*Exercises for less than 5 minutes* *Lays down for 30 mins* *Eats a ChocoMucho*
Seriously dapat starting tomorrow, I have to get back to exercising kahit crunches lang and simple arm weights
Too much trivelle for my tummy #sogood
Woke up and prepared my own breakfast(instant spaghetti) only to be told what the lunch and dinner later would be (actual spaghetti) XD
This is why I love homecooked meals on the weekends :D #steak 
"@LoveQuotes: Bad decisions, good memories." Yesterday sana. Le sigh...
OMG the Tootsie Fruit Rolls taste so much like Starfruit candy oh the memories
Eating the Tootsie Rolls I got last Thrusday from the CGE/UNITED Halloween party for my breakfast today XD
Ang hirap magtimpi ng inis, sa totoo lang...
I don't know what's more shit: STRCENG SHIT OR PEOPLE'S TALKSHIT
Feeling like going crazy with friends, not going crazy with STRCENG :((
Why do plans for a night out always end in failure like ugh too tired for this crap
In the company of this research paper instead of the party people at HYVE #acads 
When your plans to go to the club and party after such a long time don't push through #sadlife
Been looking for my black miniskirt the whole day only to find it under the bed :P
This Thursday was...bitin. SOBRA #HappyThursday
The awkward moment when you memorize all your monologue lines but aren't presenting today coz you'll perform as an extra yet dunno the lines
"I don't need your MyPhone. I have an iPhone 4" ROFLMAO 
so far into
my head
that I forget
anything else
exists.
when you feel sorry
for all the disappointments
you've caused me,
making me feel like
I'm not worth…
So early in the morning and it's raining hard #AyokoMasuspend :(
Elevator, elevator, take me home....
#NowPlaying Stars - Elevator Love Letter
This Comic Perfectly Captures How Feminism Helps Everyone 
"@Iifepoems: my mind 
LBYENVC report coming up but le prof is tardeh
jgh from that family day thing of my high school :))
Nako may sort of Family Day din sa Colegio de Sta.Ana na pinapapunta nila ako nako lahat ba ng Family Day ngayon talaga?
I'm afraid to tell my Dad that I have a Chem report first thing in the morning &amp; a midterm for Statistics right after coz of FD in ASBT
Why must I even go to my high school's family day? -____-
Only Me October
No Man November
Don't Date December

Yeah, I got this.
My top cartilage piercing hurts like even just one tap on my ear I feel pain
Awww soooo cute and teeny and cuteee :''''&gt; 
The roosters here seem to be on a weekend 'cause I woke up to Goats bleating
@Monsieur_Vertoi Are you in school to watch Art in Action? Kita-kits tayo ngayon kasi nakakanganga lang ako dito hahaha
Almost everyone were flying kites a while ago in Henry Sy. Such a happy sight :)
Boring afternoon at school -___-
It's Still You 
This is very much true 
Running into you will always be my favorite thing :)
From Lozol to Shang to Lozol again :))
Pls don't tell me I lost my STRCENG notebook in the bus coz I lost my temper in the bus coz people are ugh &amp; traffic is ugh too much loss na
Panicking because my STRCENG notebook is nowhere in sight and midterms are tomorrow
Starting my ENGLRES Research and writing. Now I know why they call it ENGLSTRESS....
It's an OPM kinda morning :D
It's 12:30 am. Instead of sleeping in, I am studying for two midterms tomorrow #stress
Is it odd to say I'm worried for my FTDANCE midterms as much as I am worrying about my majors? Maybe a bit more....
Won't be having LBYENVP later at 7:30 so my first class for today starts pa at 11 woot woot
Team Kramer on GGV :))
This is very accurate to me ;) 
OMG Amalayer lady on that Boy Abunda show :))
This place they call "home" feels all too miserable for me.....
HOME ALONE ON A FRIDAY #PARTYPARTY
...But I can't get over doing terrible in the long quiz for ENGLCOM yesterday....
I think I just had the best Thursday last night courtesy of L85 hehe
@asdfghjLYKIE Thanks :D
First time to wear a dress outside the house since my Junior Prom :))
I don't wanna stay in school just to finish this homework. I wanna go home :(
I'd like to imagine that from far away, you were gazing at me but nope. It's a reality that got my mind running assumptions.....
How the hell will I make the STRCENG homework into computerized form? jdegjuhfrhckvgth
Seriously, the cutest and most inspiring thing I've read in a while. Pics of the old couples where a bonus :D 
Why must everything be so stressful? :(
@Monsieur_Vertoi We do! Teach me where to look so I don't look stupid sa photos XD

constant anxiety
@beatriceredor Nako if it's CCP level mahals wag na ha. I am aware of the value of a peso. Kung 100 something, gora na and buy for me :))
@beatriceredor magkano?
Looking like you're not looking at the cam in pics? You're not used to selfies &amp; are using someone's phone #me #fail 
@beatriceredor tickets uy :))
HI-RO cookies don't taste as good as they were before :(
I super hate  girls who are fake and plastic but I hate it even more if it's a guy :P
"@PoemsPorn: 
Only bought one of these then ran out of the house to buy more after eating it XD Pastillas with yema center &lt;3 
Trulalu "@ohteenquotes: 
Not even coffee could remove the tiredness of going to school daily last week w/ 3-4 hours sleep on average. I have stuff pa naman to do
My sis is gonna take her DCAT today and she told me she's gonna use a pencil from FEU omg XD
Ang saya ng CWTS immersion sa Tondo. From being w/ my adopted family to the jeep ride back to school, swear it's pure GV
It's almost 4:30 am and I'm about to leave for CWTS -___-
"@FreakingTrue: I just want to be as happy as this girl is with her fish 
I love my block selectively but as a whole...seriously shit.
What made my day were STGEART workshop and mall hopping and karaoke-ing in Harrison Plaza(lol). The QBB "practice" just pissed me off
I underestimated my search for ENGLRES references since it might take longer than I thought. I'll obviously be late for QBB practice huhu
Sulat by Moonstar88: Always loved that song but it seemed these days with all I'm going through even more...relevant. #senti
Things to do today:
1.Research for more ENGLRES references
2.Practice for Quest for the Best Block
3.STGEART workshop &lt;3
About to leave for school....even if it's Friday :D
Wow drank that Vita Milk pretty fast XD
The only drink I'll be drinking this late Thursday night #HappyThursday 
"@PoemsPorn: 
Put on a clay mask on my face and stupidly fell asleep. Now I'm stuck with red marks and that all over botox feeling.
My cellphone's garbage ugh it can't even accept texts and there's always a message that says the memory is full even if I deleted tons na
Yesterday's almuerzo is today my desayuno
If I could stop missing you..."@PoemPorns: ` 
I thought my tummy's growling for not eating a decent dinner. Thunder lang pala
Blake Lively is preggers omg
Sana the weather gets better by tomorrow. Both the interviews for me and by me can't be rescheduled. Super hassle :P
Tanya Markova's music always has that infectiously happy and quirky vibe &lt;3
Kinda like you, kinda don't :)
Because there is always a stereotype based on a skirt length. "Judgments" by Rosea Lake 
I remember na why I do not like shopping so much. It can be intimidating and daunting. Kumain ka na lang sa resto o foodcourt hehe
jgh from the mall. I forgot what a mall looked like inside haha busy college sched
Me in 18 bullets 
Cooked lunch today! Sinaing na isda sa kamias :D
A lot of high street brands are ridiculous, really #Saysthebrokelady
2 plain white shirts in my closet: H&amp;M and Guitar. The former so thin it got ratty and basahan-y easily &amp; the other still going strong
Every time I make happy kwento to people here, they always have a way of turning it around &amp; spoil the fun
                       for myself
                           by myself
Why is it that the Taho guy just comes around after I feel full? Napapagod na ako sa kalokohang ito. Gusto ko talaga magtaho :'(
Next time I buy Ricoa powder I should get the green for I make papak the brown &amp; somewhat inhale it; I might get asthma coz of cocoa powder
@Monsieur_Vertoi Wala di ata tanggap ng ibang college na solid Lozol na ako XD
Probably one of the best Princess Sarah memes XD 
It's almost my 2nd midterms and this other college is still texting me hehe

Ang tanda ko na pls <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>

Sarap papakin yung brown na Ricoa powder. Yung green naman sobrang pait
I love the fact that my siblings are so chill and whatever even with serious shit then there is me who stresses even over the little things
My sis took an exam for fun &amp; she ends up being part of the topnotchers and gets a scholarship in Civil Engineering #kapatidkoyan
"@Fact: If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime." @alexgaskskarth hollaaaa
Just when I fixed myself a cup of joe the Taho guy just comes by our place. Ugh wrong timing, man
Don't need to be miserable over HS shit coz I'm in college now but seriously, I hate 99% of my HS batchmates haha
Both my siblings' plans for today consisted of being with their HS friends and batchmates. Kamusta kaya yung sa batch ko? _|_
Finished that Milo in one gulp nyek
Saturday afternoon with the boys so it's instant pansit and uber large pandesal for lunch :))
#NowPlaying Beach House - Other People. Forever one of my fave songs &lt;3
Whenever I crave junk I always eat Piattos to the point that it's my only idea of junk food
Ako lang sa magkapatid ang hindi nag-entrance test sa FEU pero ako yung napakaraming nakuhang college ET sa amin :))
I'm truly feeling, it's whatever tho.
*overplays the shit outta it*
Am I the only one who doesn't care about not attending Neverland? :))
I've only eaten 
On That Bus Ride Home 
Seriously, these photos are so amazing 
All you need is math este love :) 
*rushes out to buy another puto flan #obsessed
Sheetttt I just ate puto flan and I fell in love &lt;3
My bro's friend introduced me to Princess Sara memes yesterday and until now I still crack up at the ones he showed
Rachel Zoe's son is so cute ugh I can't even
Super loved this Tambay Thursday. Seemed more relevant and interesting than the typical Happy T :))
"@PoemsPorn: 
Whenever I see the weird Yakisoba commercial I remember LPEP :D
Dayyuuum Ateneo Secret Files and their posts that started an online comment war with some UAAP schools #scandalous
The fact that I nearly fell off the jeep kanina just brought back the trauma of when I fell off one last year.
Laughtrip the whole morning at 17th Andrew :D
wtf will I do for the next 3 hours in school? gaaaaahhhh
Rushed to school to be on time this time for PERSEF1 but only remembered that there was no class -___-
And just like that, it's already October
*passes guards*
*hikes skirt back up*
Rode a jeep from Makati to Pateros and fell asleep. I woke up and realized it was driving back again to Makati :P
Here at the Ampitheatre. Man, you really appreciate Lozol's beauty more at night &lt;3
@beatriceredor Me too. I feel bad for her nga eh but oh wells. Good luck sa atin bukas
@beatriceredor Just that lang ata. The REVISED version of her discussion :))
@beatriceredor She said it remember? She was like "It's week 4 next week" and quiz pala. Pero ewan ko. Doesn't hurt to study :))
@juliaanbarretto Sabi daw sa syllabus? Week 4?
OMG my dedication speech for STGEART is tomorrow din! Cue carrying big backpack the whole day to carry my attire for a 2 min. presentation
STRCENG quiz is tomorrow pala. It's week 4 na and we're still on Morphs and Morphemes lol
...but it also made me even angrier at my prof who prevented me from taking it hahahaha
Kanina, sitting in for SPEECOM at the Speech Lab gave me even more motivation to excel this 2nd term coz I want to take that course badly
People I'm with are preparing for their SPEECOM &amp; I'm like damn I wish I could take it or sit in on their speeches instead of taking ENGLRES
"@Lozolpls: rt if u have a 2:30-4pm class today and u cri" It's 2:30-5:45 for me :((((
I'll Be Alright 
ICE CREAM HACKS &lt;3 
After everything, kasama ko lang pala ang L85/L84 dito sa EdTech lab :))
People I'm supposed to be w/ in MOA are at the other altar inviting others to come. Little do they know sinama rin ako ng kaibigan nila hehe
Should I walk in on L84 PERSEF1 or L85 FTDANCE? Bored to death at the 17th :P
Classes ended at 8:30 for me! LBYENVC pa :))
5 hours break later. I could:
-Go to MOA w/ my Derecho peeps
-Hang w/ any L84/L85 in sight
-Practice for FTDANCE w/ my groupmates
#anoba
Times I've nearly gotten seriously ran over today: 5

Vehicle owners, respect naman times when pedestrians cross. Masagasaan din sana kayo
Only have 5 minutes before I leave but I am in flojo mode
but dislike being lonely.
worst days, best days,
sad days &amp; happy days
basically every day.
half asleep &amp;
half awake.
Classes tom are suspended from 9:15 to 2:15; so tuloy ang 7:30 am class ko and my classes beyond 2:30 pm. Ang laking gap nun ah
Having Chips Ahoy and a mug of cocoa for lunch because I am too lazy to make or buy food
May entrance exam pala yung UA&amp;P ngayon? Parang sumingit lang sa UST at ADMU XD
Sana I was w/ my sis today on her ustet &amp; yesterday on her acet. Those 2 are polar opposites of each other &amp; she'll find out ;)
Bwisit talaga magcommute. Pag nagmaneho na ako ng kotse ko adios MRT and LRT bwahahahaha
I remember tuloy my DCAT hahaha "@lahzuhlpls: Taking the DLSUCET in Andrew like 
Friday night track list: STRFKR songs
...Or maybe I should apply to be the sub for STRCENG next Thursday :&gt;
Seriously interested in applying to be a sub teacher on Oct. 2 but the sched interferes w/ STRCENG &amp; missing a class would be suicide
The moment someone mentioned "red velvet crinkles", nagutom ako :(
My sis in 4th yr HS won 1st place in the Science Quiz Bee; all I can remember was when I also got the same thing last year for my last QB
People are so unfair....
It isn't even 6 in the morning yet and I've argued each of the people in the house over different things; there goes my good morning...
So they say you like me...but I think you love yourself the most :)
Most of my courses in school went by like a breeze this week :))
I love my CED friends but it's good to hang with people out of my college once in a while for interesting convos and chika hahaha
Loved this evening: Had dinner with great friends at this cozy café. Super laidback and chill :)
I'm used to oil splattering when frying fish, but gosh I never had a splatter so big and painful #araykopo
I rarely say this, but I badly need to shop :(
How my sister walks in 2 and a half inch heels is so funny. Good thing she didn't wear my waaay higher ones :))
I seriously need to buy a white dress...
They should bring the 10 pesos dynamite stall naman in Taft because DLSU sells them for 40 &amp; that's 4 dynamites in uste #pleaseohplease
One of my fave things to eat whenever I'm at uste is finally in Taft &lt;3 
#FlashbackFriday With Ma'am Kathy during her last Linguistics class with my block(please excuse my haggardness) &lt;3 
"I love this day. I did nothing but...nothing" - Me to my bro who just saw me laying like a dead man #truefax
Alvvays is probably one of the best bands to listen to when it's raining :D
I almost cried :'( 
Me: Dad, are we still going out? (Trying my best to imply that we shouldn't kasi baha)
Dad: OF COURSE!
#badtrip #kailganeh
AHHH BAAHHAAAA SA LABAAAAAS
Sana I left Taft a bit late if I knew the commute would be long due to the rain para biglaang Happy Thursday XD
Left school at 6, arrived home at almost 10: How's that for commuting? #hell
Parang nasayang lang araw na ito. Pag college ka na iisipin mo na sana may klase :P
I seriously don't like it when I'm at home with these people. I can't stand them
It's 1:30 am on a Monday morning and all I am doing is googling juicing recipes when I should be sleeping in #insomnia
Maybe the suspension was a sign. I was supposed to do something today but put it off out of fear. Tomorrow it has to be done or else
@leonard0028 @carmelizeddd Waiting for suspension is like love; it may or may not happen XD #hugot
@leonard0028 chos pag-ibig talaga! XD Mahirap at alanganin kasi magcommute pag bagyo eh at sayang pamasahe pag biglaang suspension bukas
But I don't wanna go to school again only to be told that it's already suspended. DLSU pls if ever may suspension announce it na
For safety's sake, sana masuspend. But gosh sobrang busy na ako this week kaya nakakahinayang  pag walang klase
warm Chocolate con Nueces is perfect to drink on a rainy day :D
Gotta love Joan Rivers :D 
Riding the MRT can be a living hell 
The fact that my dean's lister friend is asking for help in STRCENG for his faci makes me even more worried with mine :(
Listening to Eraserheads in this lovely Friday afternoon :D
1st time I dyed it: "OMG I LOVE ET HART HART"
Days later: "OMG POKPOK HAIR HUHU"
I know I dyed my hair lighter and I wanted that for the longest time...but I hate it now and want it to be darker again :P
"For you turned out to be the best thing I never had. And I will always be the best thing you never had. " 
So....a research paper for ENGLRES and STRCENG then more essays in ENGLCOM. This 2nd term talaga....
Kanina in the store...
Me: Ate, pabili po ng itlog
Ate: (gets a pack of chicken cubes) KNORR?

#anglayograbe
Since my class starts later than usual today, Imma cook good almusal and baon for myself :D
My first class tomorrow starts at 9:15 and it's STGEART pa &lt;3
Here at the EdTech lab for STATLIT woo
"I realized, just like in high school, that I had no friends in university. What's worse was no one bullied; they acted like friends to me"
Any L85/L84 class that's open for me to walk in since I might have free cut in my class now? :)
Ang tagal ng prof ko #freecutnayan
Dude, what I'd do now to be with my block L85 on my first class of the 2nd term rather than some random block I don't know
I don't know what's more hotter: FTDANCE in Razon or LBYENVC in Miguel....or maybe just me ;D
Gonna "cut"  L85 FTDANCE today hehe
I have dyed hair, multiple piercings, a somewhat androgynous style, &amp; make myself up differently: LIVE WITH IT
Walang kalayaan dito. WALA :(
People in this place should stop verbally abusing me over how I look and fix myself like seriously
Those trolls in Frozen are oddly cute haha
Seriously, it's so rude of my sis to change the channel in the middle of Frozen but damn GGV is so funny I can't
Kaya pala di ko pa nanunuod ang Frozen hanggang ngayon; di ko ma-take ang kaharutan haha
Seriously this Anna girl in Frozen is so landi like she meets a guy, gets a marriage proposal from him then meets another guy--ALL IN A DAY
Watching Frozen. I finally get what the fuss is about :))
So i'm taking LBYENVC  first thing tomorrow. Idk if that's worse or FTDANCE
• so many

Things I Am Not Currently Doing
• any of that
Don't wanna go out but I need to have some pics printed. First day of 2nd term tomorrow...
Me: Guess what? I found that my metabolic age is that of a 15 yr old

Some person: Metabolic age? Baka MENTAL AGE

#huhu
Going to school latuuurrr T_T
I wish I was anywhere else but here....
Tried to throw an orig joke to my mom...
Me: What do you call a chocolate na panget?
Mom: What?
Me: CHAKA MUCHO! *laughs loudly*
Mom:......
Super in love w/ Donald "Drawbertson" Robertson's art. This one w/ Lagerfeld and my idol Carine Roitfeld is a fave &lt;3 
RIP Joan Rivers. Fashion Police(one of my fave shows)will never be the same again. Thanks for making people laugh for decades
That sigh of relief yet still nervous as hell feeling.......
ONLINE ENROLLING/DROPPING/ADJUSTING OF 2ND TERM COURSES IS SO SIMPLE THAT IT STARTS TO MAKE YOU NERVOUS #SERIOUSLY
Listening to one of my fave lo-fi bands Yuck :D #GoodMorning
Relate "@PoemsPorn: 
"@PoemsPorn: 

rt if you cri <LOUDLY CRYING FACE> htt…
Thought we'll have the 5 mos break UP had #AsaPa "@usg_dlsu: Shift in the Academic Calendar starting A.Y. 2015-2016. 
Funny how term break is about to end; I never felt it start in the first place....
I think last week's headache was worst. Please, nahihilo ako pag naalala ko yun
Eating KFC Bucket Fries for dinner was a BAD idea; let's just say the headache I have over it felt like the one last (happy)thursday ;)
Nakakatuwa yung kanina eh. Nagpasuyo ng bayad sa akin yung babae tapos Kopiko pala yung aabutin nya sa tsuper XD
This morning while riding the jeep to school, some girl had packs of Kopiko brown and used one as if it's money to pay her fare XD
Kanina sa sakayan ng jeep...
Barker: Maluwang tong jeep na to! LABING-SAMPU PA YAN

Bwahahahahaha labing-sampu XD
Super tiring, exhausting, depressing day yet some small things made me happy today kahit papano :)
The first hour of this day hasn't finished yet I feel terrible today
AT LAST THE DOOR OPENED
I'M MENTALLY/SOMEWHAT PHYSICALLY SUFFOCATING
Heard someone going to the CR nearby and I cried for help. Puta, lumabas na ng CR di pa binubuksan ang pinto dito :P
Locked inside a room...
PROS: Solo ang computer at AC; No annoying bro &amp; sis in sight
CONS: Chances of never seeing the outside world AGAIN
I'm locked inside my brother's room. Stupid door with a busted door knob :(
That 'sinat' feelin...
People in this place should be making me feel better during these hard times, not make me feel like shit because I got myself into it
I do not need these sermons. I repeat, I DO NOT NEED THESE SERMONS
Hindi sila gago. Ikaw ang gago. Alam ko mas may authoridad ka pero wag mo silang sabihan ng ganon
People are so ignorant. Super ignorant
I'm probably the only one here not watching the Gilas game....even if other people in the house are :))
Sila ang gusto na mag-inactive ako tapos sila galit sa akin pag-uwi ko sa bahay ng gabi galing sa pagpaalam ko sa community huhu
It's hard to let go of the things you value but it's worse when you are forced to by the ones who don't see it like you do
Why can't they just post the rest of the grades already? Ayokong may suspense :P
Zazzy licorice roll for late breakfast #whatdiet
This day has been depressing...but I can't make it all about me today since it's the birthday of someone who's dear to me #HBDBro
Is there such thing ba as a "world class" parking building? :P
Other people on term break: MALLING, CLUBBING, TRAVELLING, ETC
Me: Still stressing over school even if I am already free
"@lahzuhlpls: I think @senmiriam needs to talk to some of my profs 
I want a kitty cat like this &lt;3 "@femaIenotes: Perfection <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
1. Yung prof kasi di marunong
2. Mahirap po talaga
3. Hindi tinuro yung exam

It's never our f…
Hmmm...I just opened my bag of chocnut today and now there's only a few left #fave
Even if the line up didn't impress me as last year's, a part of me wants to watch Bazooka Rocks 3 haaay
Lakas ng Pasig kanina :) #DugongPasig #Kidsfest2014
jgh from Katips :)
It's weird that I keep typing "Kids Fest" rather than "Kidsfest". It's like a typo done on purpose :))
Finally gonna attend the KFL Kids Fest later! Didn't go last year coz of my DCAT and now I could since it's DLSU's term break #HappyKid
It's 12:30 am and I have a super early call time later and all I could think of is dyeing my hair #random
If you have unused light brown &amp; blonde hair dyes laying on your room untouched &amp; it is bothering you, then you know it's time #HairMakeover
@AliwalasPura Dude there's always a way! :)) @robMSGCA did and he lives far, far away! XD Peace ha Robert. Ignore this at enjoy ka lang dun
@AliwalasPura I will remember that! XD Why can't you go ba to URBN?
@AliwalasPura Sayang din eh. Drinks are 100 pesos more expensive than their price in 7-11 and it's FREE HAHA
@AliwalasPura Yeah! XD Don't feel like drinking anytime soon though...
But the KFL Kids Fest is tomorrow and my call time's at 6 so yeah I am torn now
Wish I could go to URBN right now; term end party and open bar for all Lasallians tonight &lt;//3
Jgh from Diocesian Youth Day in Sto.Niño. Super long day yet it is all worth it #DYDPasig2014
I do not need these sermons, seriously
What I hate in trying to express what I feel to people here is that they just get mad rather than understand
"@PoemsPorn: 
Too much highs and lows in one day
A little hope raised yet the anxiety is still as strong as ever #GodHelpMe
Di ako sure kung pupunta ako ng Diocesian Youth Day bukas kahit nag-Oo na ako. Nawalan bigla ako ng gana
Ehem ehem to you-know-who "@lahzuhlpls: Dear profs,

Love, students who are dying bc of finals 
I thought term break will be the start of relaxation &amp; peace of mind but it's just the continuation of even more stress &amp; problems....
Because I love/hate thee @BestQuoties: 
I feel doomed
I used to be THAT girl in high school who did well in her acads &amp; was consistent in the honors. Now in college malabo ako magka-Dean's List
*Goes to Net-A-Porter* *Ogles at stuff she couldn't afford* *Vows to do well in school so she can graduate and have a good job* #Me
OMG my friends' kid is so adorable!!! Gotta meet her soon while she's still a cute baby :''''&gt;
....or my head is painful because of last night #HappyThursday
Just used refined white sugar on my drink since there's no more brown nor turbinado sugar and my head is hurting like crazy
@coleenthankyouu OMG YOUR SHOES &lt;3 HOT MO SHETT
@AliwalasPura You're a saint :D
Crazy fun night, too but I solemnly swear to not go to a Happy Thursday again anytime soon...
From Lozol to USTe to Lozol again; crazy fun day :D Hope there are more spontaneous trips to UST and even others soon :D
Last class and bonding with L85 as a whole. Gonna miss this block :)
@HungerJamess Sa Edtech lab pa rin :)
MAY HIMALAAA! Ambilis ng net sa Andrew! (But then I'm the only person on the 17th floor so yeah)
It's so early and there's barely people in Andrew building but running into one person made my day na :''''&gt;
Early morning silay ;)
Realizing I have to figure out my life now at almost 1 in the morning
That" Oh shit what now?" feeling....
I hate the thought of losing it all even if I know I have been reckless and irresponsible at times.....
I seriously don't wanna hear when people say the hard reality of things to my face even though I know need to
The Real World 
#NaiinisAkoKasi Walang pasok ngayon tapos biglang may announcement na kailangan pumunta ng school! &gt;:|

~Calvin
There are no classes today &amp; she's making us go to school to pass papers? Doesn't she know most of us live over an hour's commute away?
Inconsiderate teachers &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Hopefully I have time &amp; money pa to go to National Museum after Uste...and persuade my companion to come with me :))
What else to do ba when classes are suspended but home is 10000 miles away? :))
At UST atm :D
The awkward moment when you go to school and they tell you it's suspended -___-
Seriously, if Lozol doesn't suspend by 5:30-6:00 I will be forced to commute from a place that turns into an ocean after rains #iLoveTaguig
So far...only USTE is suspended. As if Lozol doesn't  flood din naman
There's this zit on my chin that won't go away coz of the stress of everything #collegeprobs
Damn the rains -__-
Seriously want to finish Great Expectations even though I have to prepare for school later
Bear Hands on track as I cram for EdTech :))
Spent the past 2 days in a great mood coz of the YFL Covenant Recollection &amp; KFL Kids Assembly then the reality of college comes back huhu
Alvvays' album "Alvvays" is perf to play on track this Sunday morning :D
Seriously, there's someone in the house who always eats my food.
Anlamig dito palagi sa Gox bakit ba
#NowPlaying Alvvays - Adult Diversion. New fave :)
Sana I went to the Saints and Heroes event kanina sa Ultra but I enjoyed my Cuz's b-day at High Street hehe
Other blocks: ENGLCOM(ENGLISH COMMUNICATION)

My block: ENGLCOM(ENGLISH COMMUNISM)

#hustisya
I wish my essays were manually checked instead of online. Online plagiarism checkers are so inconsistent eh baka damay grade ko
Wala pang 2nd term at di pa nga tapos ang 1st term pero sana 3rd term na :(
WHOEVER IS THE RAT AT LEAST TELL THE TRUTH COZ YOU ARE ALREADY DESTROYING PEOPLE'S REPS NA
The course of events now in college just make me so....exhausted
Is it me or when I read something on Revelations 12, it reminded me of my ENGLCOM prof? I guess there's a prophesy on what could happen hehe
#NowPlaying Quadron - Hey Love. Chill at nearly 3 in the morning
Oh my gulay the day later is gonna be nerve-racking
Seriously nervous of the series of events that are yet to come
Don't wanna break down in front of my block like that again just coz of an unreasonable grade. But I love them more for being supportive &lt;3
Kahit anong edit ko sa extended definition essay at notecards para sa ENGLCOM, di ko pa rin alam kung tama ginagawa ko!
I can't stand the people here and I wouldn't think twice to move out if I could
No amount of concealing could cover this nasty zit on my chin tsk
#PaanoKaKILIGIN Outside: Deadma, pa-demure. Inside: "OHHHHH!!! MAAAAHHHH!!!! GAAAAAHHHH!!!!"
Cracking up at those tweets that quote from this year's UPCAT reading comprehension part. Daming hugot XD
Ugh should've dropped by the HC training kanina. My coords still have my parish involvement letter gaah damn
May Heartchamp training pala ngayon sa St.Anne. Di man lang ako dumalo dun para kamustahin mga bago kong kasama sa KFL :))
It's around times like this you expect that unexpected call...
Regret eating that turon; not just for moral reasons but also it was so oily and soggy and tough ugh
Ang tindi ng gutom ko ugh
Eating my bro's turon while he's out lol
My afritada is a success yaay
#UPCATips Just let your nerves out &amp; relax. I was literally shaking entering the testing center &amp; manong guard said "Wag kang kabado!" XD
"@PoemsPorn: 
Awake at 4:30 am even if I don't have classes

Guys: I want a hot chick and money and cars <ONCOMING AUTOMOBILE>

Girls: I want shoes, bags and jewelry <GEM STONE>

Me: Shit I just wanna pa…

rt if u cri pacific ocean because projects and deadlines
#NowPlaying Mother Mother - The Stand
I have faith in the next generation  
have trouble
explaining 
my 
feelings
The Grammar Nazi in me just relates XD 
Slept around 10 then woke up at 12:30 today. Seriously, I needed that sleep :))
AFTER ALMOST A MONTH OF NO INTERNET HERE, GLOBE FINALLY DEALT WITH IT! OH THE JOY
Pissed off with people...pissed off with the world
Man, how will I go home na later...? 
When it comes to ENGLCOM, I can slave for something and never feel satisfied of it......because I don't know what satisfies the prof
First thing on a Monday morning and I feel super duper nervous
Seriously, I've been in school since 6 am and there's no signs of me going home yet #stressingout
@SpicePanda @ATLparade Umay na ako XD
Still very full even if we ate all those pizzas a while ago haha @SpicePanda  @ATLparade
