Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
Tired Everton limping towards the summer with reinforcements needed: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first g... 
Sampdoria keep up European push, Atalanta's relegation boost: Midfielder Roberto Soriano struck twice as Sampd... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
Jose Mourinho rules out Ferguson and Wenger-esque stay at Chelsea: Jose Mourinho has suggested it will be impo... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
Real Madrid must regroup vs. Valencia to keep their La Liga title hopes alive: After a Champions League loss t... 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 
Premier Showdown: Predict the scores in the Premier League: The Rest of the World kept the game alive last wee... 
Arsene Wenger optimistic Theo Walcott will extend Arsenal deal: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger said he is confident T... 
Giggs and Rooney must motivate Manchester United against Palace: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Lo... 
Norwich, Middlesbrough, Brentford, Ipswich aiming for Prem promotion: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop says manager Eddi... 
Man City and PSG target Kevin De Bruyne open to Wolfsburg exit: Kevin De Bruyne has said he is planning to sta... 
Henry runs out of superlatives after Leo Messi's Barca-Bayern masterclass: Ex-Barcelona striker Thierry Henry ... 
Magical Messi beats Bayern: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey assesses Barcelona's 3-0 win over Bayern Munich, highlight... 
New contract for Jose Mourinho would spell long-term success for Chelsea: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer... 
Real Madrid escape beating at Juventus with hope of progress - media: Carlos Tevez's second half penalty prove... 
Real Madrid graft but lack craft: Costly mistakes, as well as the absence of key personnel, which forced chang... 
Tevez propels Juve past Real Madrid: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson reviews Juventus' 2-1 win over Real Madrid in th... 
Lionel Messi voted ESPN FC Player of the Month for April: Barcelona trio Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar ... 
Sergio Ramos in midfield provides stability for Real Madrid, Pepe says: Real Madrid defender Pepe says his usu... 
Arsenal add to Hull's woe: Two goals from Alexis Sanchez and one from Aaron Ramsey in the first half helped Ar... 
John Terry: Chelsea title success marks start of a new era: John Terry believes Chelsea's first Premier League... 
Pep Guardiola faces biggest challenge yet against former club Barcelona: The ESPN FC crew give their take on t... 
Is David De Gea ready to extend his Manchester United contract?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley analyses Lukas Podolsk... 
Valencia strengthen hold on Champions League spot with 3-1 win: Valencia eased their way to a 3-1 win at home ... 
Chelsea are Premier League champions: Eden Hazard's 44th minute goal was enough for Chelsea to clinch the Prem... 
Coach Anthony Hudson charting a new attacking course for New Zealand: New Zealand coach Anthony Hudson wants h... 
Barcelona target Ander Herrera and Hector Bellerin in January transfer raid: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Barcelona score eight at Cordoba; Cristiano Ronaldo records hat trick: Luis Suarez scored his first hat trick ... 
Fernando Torres' reemergence could be crucial for Atletico Madrid: Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone ha... 
Everton's recent form built on John Stones, Phil Jagielka partnership: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Steve Ni... 
Wayne Rooney fit to face West Brom despite knee injury: Wayne Rooney has been passed fit to play for Mancheste... 
Barca must keep Luis Enrique regardless of outcome in treble chase: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique insists La Li... 
Bale linked to Man United again, Sterling and Benteke to move?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Steve Nicol wei... 
Chelsea use blend of old and new guard to near title: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says his side have proved ... 
Andrey Arshavin, Anatoly Tymoshchuk set for Zenit exits: MOSCOW -- Zenit St Petersburg are set to release Andr... 
Nigel Pearson launches bizarre 'ostrich' tirade after Chelsea loss: Still fuming after Leicester City's 3-1 ho... 
LIVE: Prem, La Liga, DFB Pokal updates:  
Thiago Silva: Javier Pastore more vital to PSG than Zlatan Ibrahimovic: Javier Pastore is more important to Pa... 
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez each score twice in Barcelona's rout of Getafe: Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez both sc... 
Barca aim to extend Liga lead: Luis Suarez, Neymar and Lionel Messi have scored 66 league goals between them i... 
Man Utd looking beyond De Gea?: Many would understand if David De Gea left Man Utd for Real Madrid this summer... 
Man City to offer £30 million for Jack Wilshere, Bebe's return to England: Manchester City are literally chasi... 
Paris Saint-Germain can seize control of Ligue 1 title race by beating Metz: Laurent Blanc's players were in a... 
Gary Neville slams Man United's performance in defeat at Everton: Gary Neville has described Manchetser United... 
Chivas Guadalajara and Club America share the spoils in Super Clasico: Aldo de Nigris netted a second half equ... 
Chicharito powers Real Madrid to win for second time in a week: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno breaks down Real Ma... 
Partizan-Red Star riots leave at least 50 injured, 40 arrested: BELGRADE, Serbia -- Authorities say at least 5... 
Real Madrid's Carlo Ancelotti plays down Isco comments, backs Chicharito: Carlo Ancelotti has played down Isco... 
Premier League's best court Gareth Bale, more on Memphis Depay's future: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti delves deeper ... 
Premier League Gallery: Best of Matchday 34:  
Underwhelming Liverpool stifled as Pulis' plan works for West Brom: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jordan Henderson c... 
Marouane Fellaini thought he would leave Manchester United: Marouane Fellaini said he expected to leave Manche... 
Barcelona have tough test vs. nothing-to-lose Espanyol in Catalan derby: The ESPN FC crew talk about the La Li... 
Pellegrini plays down Samir Nasri summer exit, talks U.S.-Canada tour: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Liverpool must play as if West Brom was the most vital game of the season: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers t... 
Real Madrid 'rebuff' Chelsea bid for Raphael Varane and Gareth Bale: ESPN FC's Brian McBride, Alejandro Moreno... 
Sevilla, Napoli, Fiorentina and Dnipro advance to Europa League semifinals: Sevilla progressed to the semifina... 
Should Chicharito have celebrated with Ronaldo immediately?:  
Emotional night for Chicharito: Javier Hernandez wrote himself into Real Madrid folklore with a winning goal, ... 
Juventus reach Champions League semis after goalless draw in Monaco: Juventus advanced to the semifinals of th... 
Schalke and Dortmund not Sami Khedira's only options - Horst Heldt: Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has "q... 
Louis van Gaal tees up 2015-16 with new deal for Chris Smalling: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol questions if Chris Smal... 
Stephen Keshi signs new contract as Nigeria coach: ABUJA, Nigeria -- Stephen Keshi signed a two-year contract ... 
Luke Shaw shows his potential for Man Utd, as Van Gaal makes his mark: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol says Manchester U... 
Atalanta loss leaves AS Roma in a familiar mess: Atalanta's German Denis netted his spot-kick, ensuring that R... 
Jordan Henderson set to sign 5-year deal with Liverpool, sources say: Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson ... 
Arsenal overcome Wembley nerves to set up FA Cup final with Aston Villa: A fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam... 
MLS Power Rankings: NYRB continue to impress, Sounders on the up: Relive the best moments from week 7 in Major... 
Aston Villa's FA Cup dream becoming reality as they book place in the final: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth recaps Asto... 
Coutinho the lone bright spot in Liverpool's FA Cup exit: There will be no fairytale ending for Steven Gerrard... 
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva ruled out of FA Cup semifinal - report: Liverpool look set to be without Luca... 
Borussia Dortmund fans pay tribute to Jurgen Klopp in win over Paderborn: Borussia Dortmund responded to this ... 
Bayern Munich back on track with win, Dortmund beat Paderborn: Bayern Munich bounced back from their 3-1 defea... 
Nemanja Matic hails Chelsea character in chase for Premier League title: Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic beli... 
Chelsea plan to use Oscar as makeweight in £60m Paul Pogba deal: Chelsea midfielder Oscar says he is happy at ... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's Ligue 1 ban reduced from four matches to three: Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahi... 
Man Utd face injury crisis: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has told MUTV that Michael Carrick, Marcos R... 
Napoli stun Wolfsburg with big win to open Europa League quarterfinals: Rafael Benitez's Napoli all but booked... 
Angry Real Madrid fans insult Gareth Bale at car park again: Real Madrid fans have again insulted Gareth Bale ... 
Luis Suarez's stellar brace leads Barcelona to an assured win over PSG: Luis Suarez erupts in the second half ... 
Lyon beat Bastia to return to top of Ligue 1: Substitute Mohamed Yattara made an immediate impact and Alexandr... 
Which club will Jurgen Klopp manage next?:  
Daley Blind calls for Manchester United focus amid Premier League title talk: Manchester United will be back c... 
How can PSG stop Barcelona's attack?: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson breaks down how Paris Saint-Germain can contain... 
Wayne Rooney excelling for Man United without attacking burden: Louis van Gaal will be smiling on Monday thank... 
Zinedine Zidane puts end to Gareth Bale-Man United transfer speculation: Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti prai... 
Liverpool vow to speak to Raheem Sterling about nitrous oxide video: Liverpool have said they are aware of foo... 
Real Madrid favourites to win Champions League - CIES study: Real Madrid are the most likely to win this seaso... 
Manchester United fans can be proud after derby win, says Van Gaal: Louis van Gaal believes Manchester United ... 
LIVE: All scores:  /scores
Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Edinson Cavani net braces as PSG win Coupe de la Ligue: The ESPN FC panel believe Zlatan I... 
Coquelin the anchor at Burnley to help Arsenal keep pressure on Chelsea: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he... 
Manchester City's poor away form can be overcome at Manchester United: Will this weekend's installment of the ... 
Real Madrid must avoid complacency when hosting struggling Eibar: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe discusses Real Madrid's a... 
United or City -- where does Manchester's balance of power lie?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but what ... 
Manchester derby always serves up the unpredictable: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer weigh in on the Manc... 
Bayern Munich have returning depth and clear resolve for treble stretch run: Bayern Munich advanced to the sem... 
Liverpool at Wembley for FA Cup semifinal but where is the magic?: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised h... 
Chelsea rival Man United, Arsenal for Saints stars Clyne and Schneiderlin: The ESPN FC panel discuss the troub... 
Marcotti: Lazio will be tough for Juve: ESPN FC correspondent Gab Marcotti talks Lazio's progression to the Co... 
Real Madrid legend Zidane hails Ronaldo's desire: 'It's incredible': Real Madrid (Castilla) coach Zinedine Zid... 
Christian Benteke hat trick helps Aston Villa salvage draw in relegation battle: Christian Benteke scored a ha... 
Diego Costa breakdown means forward thinking essential for Chelsea: Jose Mourinho has plenty of options but wi... 
The next Jurgen Klopp? Thomas Tuchel is football hipsters' latest hit: Thomas Tuchel is currently on a sabbati... 
Brendan Rodgers defends decision to start Kolo Toure over Dejan Lovren: Dejan Lovren was dropped last weekend ... 
Andres Guardado notes lack of support for Mexicans moving to Europe: PSV midfielder Andres Guardado believes L... 
Hector Bellerin emergence at Arsenal may have ended Jenkinson's hopes: Arsene Wenger reckons Arsenal can still... 
Who scored the goal of the weekend?:  
Club America and Gustavo Matosas get crucial Liga MX win over Cruz Azul: Oribe Peralta scored a header in the ... 
Premier League Gallery: Best of Matchday 31:  
Bundesliga: Wolfsburg beat Stuttgart to cement European hopes: Wolfsburg all but mathematically secured their ... 
Messi's potential absence shouldn't deter Barcelona against Celta: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Alejandro More... 
Arsene Wenger says he's happy Alexis Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger does ... 
Bale's form, Messi's fitness, Europe race dominate the La Liga agenda: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Alejandro ... 
Who is the world's best goalkeeper?:  
Brendan Rodgers: Raheem Sterling 'not going anywhere in the summer': Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says fo... 
Barcelona join the Paul Pogba party, Inter Milan to sign Stevan Jovetic?: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Janusz Mi... 
Barca's Lionel Messi and Jordi Alba come down with cases of 'FIFA virus': Argentina manager Gerardo Martino ap... 
Fernando Santos: Portugal distracted during shock Cape Verde Islands loss: Portugal coach Fernando Santos beli... 
Memorable April Fools' Day moments in German and Austrian football: Were Lothar Matthaus and Berti Vogts the s... 
Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas understands Spain bench role: Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas has told Marca he understands... 
Paris Saint-Germain to match the money Man United paid for Di Maria?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno explains why ... 
Vazquez could use Italy call-up to prove success isn't limited to Palermo: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Mark Don... 
Verratti struggles to escape Pirlo's shadow in Italy's midfield: Italy head coach Antonio Conte admits he's go... 
Harry Kane goals, Gareth Bale exit, U.S. team, Spain strikers, Netherlands: England head coach Roy Hodgson say... 
Reus and Muller earn Germany a comfortable Euro 2016 qualifying win: World champions Germany enjoyed a comfort... 
Chicharito Hernandez and Jesus Corona lead Mexico over Ecuador: Mexico's Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez spoke t... 
Argentina win in Washington DC with Messi resting, Uruguay prevail: Ever Banega scored on a deflected shot, Fe... 
Tomas Rosicky, Wojciech Szczesny to lead Arsenal's summer clear-out?: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop reveals his lates... 
Vincent Kompany hits back at 'predictable' Man City critics: Manchester City skipper Vincent Kompany has insis... 
Phil Jones and Chris Smalling may leave Manchester United this summer: The ESPN FC crew react to reports sugge... 
Barcelona duo Dani Alves and Jose Manuel Pinto record song for charity: Barcelona's answer to Seals &amp; Croft (a... 
Bayern's Guardiola to coach Qatar in 2022; Liverpool want Walcott: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Janusz Micha... 
Can Verratti, De Gea and Kane break into their national teams' starting XIs?: England head coach Roy Hodgson, ... 
Theo Walcott: No rift with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger: Arsenal forward Theo Walcott has denied reports of a... 
Arsenal, Liverpool on alert as Luiz Adriano opens door on Shakhtar exit: After making his Champions League deb... 
Jose vs. Pep: Who's worth more money?:  
Where Could Gareth Bale Go?: Whether it's fair or not, Gareth Bale is being blamed for Real Madrid's recent st... 
Real Madrid will appreciate current international break due to recent form: The FC team discuss whether Gareth... 
Liverpool's Martin Skrtel denies violent conduct charge: Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel has denied a&amp;nbsp;Fo... 
Spain confirm Chelsea's Diego Costa will miss internationals through injury: Diego Costa will spend the intern... 
Manchester City's Cristiano Ronaldo bid bound to upset Man United: The ESPN FC crew weigh on in Cristiano Rona... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Excuses for Gerrard: ESPN FC's Craig Burley calls out UK pundits for taking it easy on... 
Gareth Bale's car 'kicked and punched' after Real Madrid loss - report: Real Madrid's spirited performance in ... 
La Liga Not Decided Yet: Barcelona are celebrating their Clasico win vs. Real Madrid but, despite holding a fo... 
FIFA needs David Gill asking tough questions - FA chairman Greg Dyke: David Gill will be one of the "awkward s... 
Who will win?:  
Chelsea facing the prospect of a tight match against Hull City: Chelsea FC manager Jose Mourinho says his side... 
Liverpool's Brendan Rodgers: I cannot predict Raheem Sterling contract plans: Brendan Rodgers admits that he d... 
PSG put Lyon under pressure behind irresistible Ibrahimovic: Zlatan Ibrahimovic was fundamental in PSG's 3-1 v... 
Holden: Man United have a chance at Anfield: ESPN FC's Stuart Holden believes Manchester United should play th... 
Will Liverpool vs. Man United decide fourth place?:  
Tim Sherwood already on the brink of history at Aston Villa: Last week's 4-0 win at Sunderland was Villa's sec... 
Brazil legend Romario wants to be mayor of Rio de Janeiro: Brazil legend Romario has stated his desire to beco... 
Assessing the combined Clasico XI: The ESPN FC crew give their take on Michael Cox's combined Clasico best XI ... 
Parma declared bankrupt by Italian court, debts estimated at ¬218 million: Serie A club Parma have been declar... 
Mesut Ozil hits back at Paul Scholes' criticism over half-time shirt-swap: Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil has br... 
Messi Was Magnificent: With former Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola among the enthralled Camp Nou crowd, Lionel... 
LIVE GameCast: Dortmund vs. Juventus:  
Tottenham's Champions League hopes dependent on fixing defence: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down Manchester U... 
Diego Simeone set to sign new Atletico Madrid contract: Diego Simeone has confirmed he hopes to be able to mak... 
Fernando Torres calls Champions League nights like Atleti's "gifts": Atletico Madrid penalty hero Fernando Tor... 
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo faces media scrutiny before Clasico: The ESPN FC crew weigh on in Cristiano... 
Paul Pogba staying put; Douglas Costa asks for Chelsea rescue?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses midfielder Pa... 
Ronaldinho left out of Queretaro squad, Erick Torres steps up for Chivas: Erick Torres has struggled for playi... 
Barcelona's Sergio Busquets could miss Man City and Real Madrid games: Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets is... 
Falcao to swap Manchester for London? Fergie to convince Ronaldo: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal ins... 
LIVE GameCast: Bordeaux vs. PSG:  
Gareth Bale willing to join Manchester United; Danny Ings snubs Liverpool?: The ESPN FC panel discuss the rece... 
Fernandinho fights alone, David Silva struggles as Man City lose at Burnley: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: George Bo... 
Injuries and suspensions: All the Premier League team news: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Tommy Smyth predict t... 
Raheem Sterling puts new Liverpool contract talks on hold: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers gives an update o... 
Roberto Mancini's goalkeeping choice proves costly in 3-1 loss to Wolfsburg: Inter manager Roberto Mancini ref... 
FIFA's Jeffrey Webb says Russia 'can't have a World Cup' with current racism: FIFA vice president Jeffrey Webb... 
Burley: Chelsea faltered in midfield: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Janusz Michallik break down what went wrong f... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic gifts his shirt to Brooklyn Beckham: PSG forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic was sent off in the fir... 
Thiago Silva, Marco Verratti lead Paris Saint-Germain to priceless UCL victory: An extra-time header from Thia... 
Major League Soccer not there yet, but it's on the way to global legitimacy: Simon Carr and Nando Vila recap s... 
Win at Old Trafford can put Tottenham on Champions League path: The ESPN FC crew debate whether or not Tottenh... 
Given their current form, can Real Madrid defend the UCL title?:  
Leones Negros move up Power Rankings after another big upset: Leones Negros celebrate the game-winning goal sc... 
Yaya Toure would make Inter Milan move from Man City, says Mancini: Roberto Mancini says he believes Yaya Tour... 
Lahm hungry for more success: Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has spoken of his sides desire to win the UEF... 
Ricardo Ferretti hides pitch-side, 'big four' fail in wild Liga MX weekend: United States defender Greg Garza ... 
Barcelona can't rule out Lionel Messi exit to Man City or PSG: Barcelona's international sporting director Ari... 
Wayne Rooney can drive Man United to FA Cup glory, says Van Gaal: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal believ... 
La Liga race, Orlando City vs. NYCFC, Messi hat tricks, FA Cup favourites: FC Barcelona outclassed Rayo Vallec... 
Luis Enrique wary of 'attractive' Vallecano: With 12 games remaining in the La Liga season, Barcelona manager ... 
Filippo Inzaghi's tactical nightmare costs AC Milan vs. Verona: Milan head coach Filippo Inzaghi has quashed r... 
Real Madrid Suffer Costly Defeat: A superb goal from veteran striker Aritz Aduriz has given Athletic Bilbao vi... 
LIVE GameCast: Bradford vs. Reading:  
Paul Pogba deal agreed with PSG? Pellegrini under fire at Man City: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti explains why Italy ... 
Evans-Cisse spitting row, MLS strike averted, Ronaldo does return U-turn: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Ross Dyer... 
Kane and Eriksen boost Spurs but supporting cast must step up: Some suggest Tottenham have not been given much... 
Rob Schneider shows his support for Mexican club Tigres: Former Saturday Night Live star Rob Schneider loves t... 
Gerrard's role is different but still vital:  
Is a six-game ban for spitting at an opponent correct?:  
Manchester United have yet to decide on Radamel Falcao future - report: Manchester United have not yet made a ... 
Kevin Strootman rejects retirement reports after knee operation: Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman has dismissed... 
PSG need to take advantage of fatigued Monaco in CDF cup clash: Paris Saint-Germain head coach Laurent Blanc s... 
What's Going Wrong With Jese?: A notable miss in Real Madrid's 1-1 draw with Villarreal has put Jese Rodriguez... 
Manchester City boss Pellegrini denies pressure to win trophies: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini has insisted ... 
Extra time: Most exciting Prem team?:  
Luis Suarez, Dejan Lovren among best signings of the season, study says: Barcelona's acquisition of Luis Suare... 
Liverpool overcome Man City, but will true greatness ever return to Anfield?: The ESPN FC crew identify the el... 
Four surprising results as clubs fight for their Liga MX status: Marcelo Alatorre, left, helped Leones Negros ... 
Casillas keeps Real from suffering Villarreal surprise at the Bernabeu: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down Real... 
Blues stifle Spurs to win Capital One Cup: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps Chelsea's dominant performance agains... 
Howard Webb urged to come out of retirement by former refs' chief: The former head of the referees' board Keit... 
Man United job 'surprised' Louis van Gaal, says Sir Bobby Charlton: Sir Bobby Charlton thinks Louis van Gaal w... 
Arsene Wenger challenges Arsenal players to defend as well as attack: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger claims his jo... 
Barcelona tough it out to earn a valuable three points vs. Granada: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps Barcelona'... 
Daniel Sturridge, Jordan Henderson fit for Liverpool against Man City: Daniel Sturridge has been cleared to pl... 
Atletico Madrid can solidify La Liga place with win vs. fifth-placed Sevilla: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol believes t... 
Arsene Wenger: Olivier Giroud was not to blame for Monaco UCL defeat: LONDON - Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger h... 
Chelsea join Man United in Nathaniel Clyne fray; Pastore to stay at PSG: Nathaniel Clyne is one of the hottest... 
Barcelona stay top as Juventus take advantage of Chelsea's slip: The ESPN FC crew discuss the potential backla... 
Why do English clubs struggle in the Champions League?: The ESPN FC crew debate the lack of quality shown by E... 
Arsenal 'painfully naive,' Monaco 'like a dream' - media reaction: The English media was highly critical of Ar... 
LIVE GameCast: Leverkusen vs. Atletico:  
Martin Demichelis: Barcelona's Luis Suarez had already proved quality: Manchester City defender Martin Demiche... 
David De Gea deal would send a signal - Man Utd legend Peter Schmeichel: Manchester United legend Peter Schmei... 
Man City's UCL Agony Continues: Manuel Pellegrini got his tactics wrong and Vincent Kompany had an error-strew... 
Jack Wilshere misses training ahead of Arsenal vs. Monaco clash: Arsene Wenger has revealed that&amp;nbsp;Jack Wil... 
Manchester City's Time To Shine: After all the millions they have spent and all the success they have had dome... 
Barca are more than capable of springing an upset at Man City: Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta knows how t... 
Dortmund finding domestic form ahead of trip to Juventus: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti breaks down Borussia Dortmund... 
Liverpool's different kind of season is almost as pleasing: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Philippe Coutinho goal (3'... 
Man City On Track, Barnes Afoul: A convincing 5-0 win vs. Newcastle combined with dropped points by Chelsea ha... 
Former policeman apologises for his involvement in Chelsea racism incident: A former policeman, who is one of ... 
Liverpool beat Southampton, Tottenham battle back vs. West Ham: Philippe Coutinho scored a stunning goal as Li... 
Tim Sherwood's honeymoon period ends early as Aston Villa lose to Stoke: Stoke spoiled Tim Sherwood's debut as... 
Halftime revival shows Chivas Guadalajara are best going forward: Down at halftime, Chivas' two late goals cam... 
Rabiot double eases PSG past Toulouse to pressure title rivals: PSG head coach Laurent Blanc contends that his... 
Samuel Eto'o age a mystery to Sampdoria too, Massimo Ferrero jokes: Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has jo... 
Manchester City hope to put recent struggles behind them vs. Newcastle: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegr... 
Robin van Persie and Phil Jones fit for Manchester United vs. Swansea: Robin van Persie and Phil Jones have be... 
Was Mario Balotelli right to insist on taking the penalty?:  
Liverpool's Adam Lallana regrets 'sour taste' left by Southampton exit: Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana says... 
Massimiliano Allegri in the spotlight as Juventus approach critical juncture: Juventus head coach Massimiliano... 
John Terry hopeful of signing new contract extension with Chelsea: PARIS -- Chelsea captain John Terry is conf... 
Anelka tells Pogba to join Chelsea or Real, Man United tracking Gundogan: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses mid... 
Chelsea take draw at Paris Saint-Germain in Champions League: Chelsea battled to a 1-1 draw at Paris Saint-Ger... 
Barcelona and Man City are evenly matched, says David Villa: David Villa thinks there is little to choose betw... 
Cristiano Ronaldo dribbling imitated by Bayern star Thomas Muller: Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is a popula... 
Arrigo Sacchi clarifies 'too many black players' comments: Former coaching great Arrigo Sacchi caused a stir M... 
Chelsea, Jose Mourinho in relaxed mood ahead of latest PSG, Europe test: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer and Craig Burley ... 
Hulk extends Zenit St Petersburg contract until 2019: Hulk has extended his Zenit St Petersburg contract until... 
UEFA Champions League -- Who will win the Round of 16 ties?: Holders Real Madrid and 15 other teams are chasin... 
Liverpool depth aids Europa League, FA Cup trophy chances: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers believes he has m... 
LIVE: Celta Vigo vs. Atletico GameCast:  
Kolo Toure confirms international retirement after Ivory Coast win: Kolo Toure has confirmed his retirement fr... 
Sam Allardyce to face the flak after West Ham's shameful FA Cup show: Brown Ideye scored twice as West Brom cr... 
Jovetic sees no Man City future, Man Utd chase Algeria star, Lukaku move?: Man City manager Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Daniel Sturridge and Adam Lallana rally Liverpool into quarterfinals: Daniel Sturridge and Adam Lallana scored... 
Which FA Cup match will end in an upset?:  
Top 4 Premier League spot top priority for Arsenal, says Wenger: Arsene Wenger claims every Premier League mat... 
Ronaldo's birthday blues, Van Gaal's dodgy dossier, Reus signs new deal: ESPN FC's La Liga expert Sid Lowe say... 
Wojciech Szczesny back for Arsenal, Gabriel Paulista set to debut: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger is considering hand... 
Club America's attack showing signs of breaking out: The Cub America attack produced two more goals last week.... 
Real Madrid must be wary of Deportivo copying Atletico's formula: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Alejandro Moren... 
Branislav Ivanovic escapes FA ban for James McCarthy incident: Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic will not fa... 
Jurgen Klinsmann, Tim Sherwood oddsmakers' favourites for Aston Villa job,: The ESPN FC crew analyse how Aston... 
Are Milan right to let Manchester United target Nigel De Jong leave?: AC Milan midfielder Nigel De Jong has be... 
Balotelli The Hero For Liverpool: Mario Balotelli picked the perfect time to score his first league goal for L... 
Liverpool v Spurs. Which striker would you rather have?:  
Chelsea expect to have Cesc Fabregas back against Everton on Wednesday: Jose Mourinho expects to have Cesc Fab... 
Liverpool's most crucial spell of the season begins with tricky Spurs visit: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Barnes: Celebrating Kane's rare talents:  
Harry Kane: I showed I'm Tottenham Hotspur through and through: Harry Kane feels he showed his allegiance is f... 
Ligue 1: Monaco beaten by Guingamp thanks to Dorian Leveque's goal: Monaco spurned the chance to move up to fo... 
Serie A: Pasqual strike seals Fiorentina win, Salah makes debut: Fiorentina's Manuel Pasqual struck a late goa... 
Harry Kane stands alone as Tottenham's star man vs. Arsenal: Harry Kane inspired boyhood club Tottenham to vic... 
United States prepare for Panama friendly knowing only a win will do: USMNT head coach Jurgen Klinsmann and fo... 
Brendan Rodgers: Liverpool were outstanding in Everton derby draw: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said he w... 
Which Saturday derby is most enticing?:  
Paul Pogba transfer fee will be more than Cristiano Ronaldo's, agent says: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri... 
Dortmund need a win vs. SC Freiburg to avoid relegation panic: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti assesses Borussia Dortmu... 
Steven Gerrard prepares for final Merseyside Derby before Galaxy move: The ESPN FC panel discuss which Merseys... 
Arsenal Can Show They're For Real: Saturday's North London derby against rivals Tottenham is the opportunity f... 
Everton's Kevin Mirallas says he's 'ready for a new challenge': Everton's Kevin Mirallas says he's "ready for ... 
Neymar's emergence at Barcelona paving the way toward titles: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe responds to Luis Enrique's op... 
Cristiano Ronaldo class offered by Canadian university: Having just won his third Ballon d'Or, picked up a sus... 
World Cup hero Aloisi happy to become Australia's yesterday man: John Aloisi converted the penalty against Uru... 
Coutinho, Can lead Liverpool in dramatic rally over Bolton: Liverpool left it late but eventually overcame ten... 
Tim Sherwood in talks over Queens Park Rangers manager job: Queens Park Rangers have already had initial discu... 
Is Mancini's legacy in danger of slipping away at Inter?: Inter Milan president Erick Thohir has backed Robert... 
Manchester United ease past Cambridge in FA Cup replay: Manchester United overcame Cambridge United in their F... 
Cristiano Ronaldo has £1 billion release clause, says agent Jorge Mendes: Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronald... 
Deli Alli: Tottenham's future star a lot like young Steven Gerrard: Dele Alli has been tipped for a bright fut... 
Tim Cahill's Aussie legacy is assured despite Shanghai Shenhua move: It was an eventful transfer deadline day ... 
Will Chelsea regret selling Andre Schurrle to Wolfsburg?:  
Deadline Day: Chelsea waiting on Cuadrado, Schurrle deals: Deadline day is upon us! With clubs scrambling arou... 
Juventus' draw at Udinese exposes pitfalls of playing in a 3-5-2: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri has ru... 
David de Gea issues Manchester United a buyout clause ultimatum: The winter window is still open, and that mea... 
Manchester City and Manchester United to move for Real Madrid's Pepe: The winter window is still open, and tha... 
Andre Schurrle set for Wolfsburg medical on Friday: ESPN FC's Raphel Honigstein's discusses the terms of Andre... 
Liga MX: Five things to watch for ahead of Matchday 4: After winning the 2014 Apertura, America will look to k... 
Chelsea still courting Juan Cuadrado, Chicharito could be headed to Serie A: Will Pato end up in the Prem? Is ... 
Chelsea to test Real Madrid's resolve with audacious move for Sergio Ramos: The winter window is now open, and... 
Real Madrid, Manchester United battle for Athletic Bilbao's Aymeric Laporte: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti explains t... 
Tottenham plan January moves for Memphis Depay and Danny Ings: The winter window is now open, and that means t... 
Louis van Gaal plans transfer swoop for Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne: The winter window is now open, and that... 
AC Milan lose their heads against Lazio and pressure increases on Inzaghi: Philippe Mexes lost his cool, grabb... 
Paul Pogba isn't leaving Juventus this winter according to agent: Our experts discuss Paul Pogba's potential m... 
Arsene Wenger says Mesut Ozil will be stronger in Arsenal return: Arsenal can expect to see a stronger Mesut O... 
David De Gea's agent hints at change for Manchester United keeper: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe indicates a return to Sp... 
Chelsea chasing Paul Pogba, Real Madrid to sign Martin Odegaard: The winter window is now open, and that means... 
Coppa Italia: Shaqiri strikes for Inter Milan, Gomez nets Fiorentina brace: Inter Milan's winter signings Xher... 
Who do Man United need more?:  
Manchester City confident in beating Euro-rivals to Marco Reus' signature: The ESPN FC crew discuss potential ... 
Raheem Sterling sparks Liverpool in draw vs. Chelsea -- Player Ratings: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Craig Burley... 
Manchester United ready to lock up David De Gea with lucrative new deal: Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol... 
Manchester United ready to lock up David De Gea with lucrative new deal: The winter window is now open, and th... 
Lionel Messi has become the leader Barcelona desperately needed: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno had nothing but pr... 
LIVE GameCast: Everton vs. West Brom:  
Arsenal making moves for Gabriel Paulista, Divock Origi staying in Lille: The winter window is now open, and t... 
Arsenal making moves for Gabriel Paulista, Divock Origi staying in Lille: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner responds to t... 
ANC: Congo-Zambia, Tunisia-Cape Verde draw in openers: Zambia and DR Congo opened their Africa Cup of Nations ... 
Player Ratings: Kompany, Fernando reflect Man City struggles vs. Arsenal: The ESPN FC crew respond to your que... 
Ref accidentally breaks player's nose during Dutch amateur game: Here's one you don't tend to see every day.
O... 
Breakout AFC Asian Cup or yet another false dawn for Team China?: China are through to the last eight of the A... 
Juventus' Sebastian Giovinco signs deal with Toronto FC, reports say: Juventus playmaker Sebastian Giovinco ha... 
Valencia edge past Almeria, Rayo Vallecano beat Real Sociedad: Alvaro Negredo came off the bench to head in th... 
Koreans top Group A at Asian Cup as Oman grab consolation win: Lee Jeong-hyeop's first-half goal gave South Ko... 
Fabian Delph tabbed as Steven Gerrard's replacement at Liverpool: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth and Alexis Nunes talk ... 
Jordan beat Palestine, but how good are they against stronger opposition?: Forward Hamza Al Dardour's four goa... 
Radamel Falcao must prove himself, Robin van Persie exiting Man United?: ESPN FC Insider Tor-Kristian Karlsen ... 
Robin van Persie exiting Man United Adnan Januzaj loan could be on hold: ESPN FC Insider Tor-Kristian Karlsen ... 
Genius Giovinco paves way for Juventus romp over Verona: Juventus head coach Massimiliano Allegri admits star ... 
Gunners, Spurs to battle it out for Reid, Liverpool track Socceroos keeper: The winter window is now open, and... 
Player Ratings: Townsend, Paulinho and Rose help Spurs ease past Burnley: The ESPN FC crew discuss Tottenham's... 
Toronto FC-Sunderland propose Altidore-Defoe swap, Bony to City: ESPN FC's Taylor Twellman weighs in on questi... 
Toronto FC and Sunderland propose ambitious Altidore-Defoe swap: The winter window is now open, and that means... 
Paris Saint-Germain overcome Saint-Etienne thanks to Brazilian back three: Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored the only ... 
Postecoglou's Socceroos revolution begins to pay dividends: Midfielder Matt McKay opened the scoring for Austr... 
Manchester United to swoop for Schneiderlin before Arsenal, Spurs: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Paul Mariner dis... 
Manchester United to swoop for Schneiderlin before Arsenal, Spurs: The winter window is now open, and that mea... 
Lionel Messi downplays his previous comments on uncertain future: ZURICH -- Lionel Messi says he has a standar... 
James Milner could extend Manchester City deal soon - Manuel Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini is optimistic James... 
The modern Ballon d'Or: where fame seems to be more decisive than feats: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe discusses the Ball... 
Liverpool target Higuain but will have to end Balotelli experiment first: If Gonzalo Higuain ends up at Anfiel... 
Man United want Saints' Nathaniel Clyne, homes hard to find for Altidore: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaa... 
Paris Saint-Germain handed immediate chance to catch Marseille: PSG have a chance to rise to the top of the Li... 
Brazilian physio takes a classic slapstick tumble: Maybe it reveals something about the dark, hidden recesses ... 
Mats Hummels may finally move from troubled Dortmund to Man United: ESPN FC Insider Tor-Kristian Karlsen wonde... 
Messi, Neymar silence critics in Barcelona's reassuring Copa win: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol believes Luis Enrique ... 
Adebayo Akinfenwa's physical stature isn't all that sets him apart: Captain Fantastic (aka Steven Gerrard) sco... 
Krystian Bielik agent hopeful of transfer from Legia Warsaw to Arsenal: The agent of Legia Warsaw teenager Kry... 
Steven Gerrard insists he's not going to MLS and LA Galaxy for a holiday: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard ins... 
Mexicans Abroad: Vela shines against Barca, Moreno making his way back: Carlos Vela was given a standing ovati... 
Should Wilfried Bony move to Man City?:  
Wilfried Bony set for Man City move? Messi ready for Premier League?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses the pen... 
50-50 Challenge: Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid meet in Copa del Rey: Diego Simeone was pleased with Atletico... 
Chantome and Matuidi fire Paris Saint-Germain past Montpellier: Laurent Blanc was proud of his side's 3-0 win ... 
Gerrard Saves Liverpool Again: In his first game after announcing that he will leave Liverpool at the end of t... 
Martin Demichelis scores absolute stunner in Man City training: Martin Demichelis could slot in up front after... 
Ezequiel Lavezzi and Edinson Cavani fined and dropped by PSG: Paris Saint-Germain boss Laurent Blanc has punis... 
Tottenham prepared to listen to Lloris offers, Varane to leave the Bernabeu?: The winter window is now open, a... 
Focus turns to FA Cup as Tottenham continue to battle on four fronts: Tottenham enjoyed a 5-3 win over Chelsea... 
LIVE GameCast: Yeovil v Man United:  
Everton readying to sell Ross Barkley; Man United eye Morgan Schneiderlin: MLS expert Sean Wheelock believes t... 
FA Cup exit painful reminder of the challenges facing Newcastle United: Alan Pardew leaves Newcastle United to... 
Lukas Podolski says goodbye to Arsenal fans ahead of signing for Inter: Lukas Podolski has thanked Arsenal fan... 
Steven Gerrard might be in line for David Beckham-style LA Galaxy deal: The ESPN FC team give their opinions o... 
Real Madrid's depth will be tested in a challenging January: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth gives his betting odds for ... 
Arsenal forward Lukas Podolski to arrive in Milan for Inter move - report: Lukas Podolski is due to land in Mi... 
Is Steven Gerrard Liverpool's greatest ever player?:  
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger suggests Lukas Podolski is close to Inter move: Arsene Wenger has indicated that Ar... 
Gerrard to leave at the end of season?: The ESPN FC panel discuss the recent reports regarding Liverpool's cap... 
Five-star Tottenham stun Chelsea as Harry Kane leads the way: Tottenham enjoyed an unforgettable start to 2015... 
Pablo Dybala wants UCL move, Frank Lampard remains with Man City: The ESPN FC team debate over Manchester City... 
Lukas Podolski ready to leave Arsenal, Frank Lampard remains with Man City: The ESPN FC team debate over Manch... 
Van Gaal wants Manchester United players dreaming of victory over Stoke: Louis van Gaal has been telling Manch... 
10 footballing predictions for 2015: Check out the 10 most memorable moments of 2014 in what was an unforgetta... 
Adem Ljajic inspired by Sir Alex Ferguson's 'beautiful words': Adem Ljajic has said he will remember 2014 as t... 
The Scout's Notebook: A look at the top 21 players under 21 in 2014: As 2014 draws to a close, here is the Sco... 
Sam Allardyce blasts 'not good enough' striker Mauro Zarate: Sam Allardyce is prepared to allow Mauro Zarate t... 
Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini confirms Lukas Podolski interest: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini has confi... 
Jose Mourinho looks for some cheer as Chelsea travel to play Spurs: Jose Mourinho claims there is a 'campaign'... 
Cristiano Ronaldo hopes Globe Soccer award is good sign for Ballon D'Or: Cristiano Ronaldo won the Best Player... 
Assessing the Premier League so far: Ian Darke's midterm report cards: As Manchester United opened up their 'w... 
Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas wants to move on from referee debate: Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas believes ref... 
Gallery: Prem Matchday 19 in pictures:  
Fernandinho's inspired performance not enough to save Manchester City: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley discusses ... 
City Miss Chance To Close On Chelsea: After Chelsea were held 1-1 at Southampton, Man City had the chance to c... 
Lukas Podolski to hold talks over Arsenal future: Lukas Podolski has told Super Express he intends to speak to... 
Jose Mourinho says Chelsea contract extension for John Terry is 'inevitable': Jose Mourinho says it is inevita... 
Local pride at stake as Catalonia take on the Basque Country in friendly: The national flags of Catalonia and ... 
Sergio Ramos, Xabi Alonso, Di Maria, Cristiano Ronaldo in team of 2014: Four members of Real Madrid's Champion... 
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney set to keep midfield spot: Manchester United manager Louis Van Gaal say... 
Player Ratings: Foolish Olivier Giroud leaves Arsenal hanging on vs. QPR: Olivier Giroud was sent off for clas... 
John Terry and Diego Costa secure impressive Chelsea win over West Ham: Diego Costa was on target in a 2-0 win... 
Lampard set for Man City stay, Milner on for free Liverpool move?: The ESPN FC crew select their best and wors... 
Yaya Toure, Aubameyang, Enyeama vie for African POTY award: The three-man shortlist for the African Footballer... 
Five trends of the 2014-15 Premier League campaign thus far: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno, Steve Nicol and Shaka... 
City stars spread joy at children's hospital: Manchester City stars took time out ahead of their busy festive ... 
Brazil wrestles with an uncertain World Cup legacy: The Estadio Nacional Mane Garrincha hosted seven games in ... 
Edinson Cavani could be a Gunner, Man City to make Mario Mandzukic move: ESPN FC's Craig Burley is at odds wit... 
Brad Jones prepared for scrutiny as starting Liverpool goalkeeper: Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones insists he ... 
The Verdict: Your Season So Far: Christmas is a time for reflection so as we approach the half-way point in th... 
Forgotten man Nathan Burns selected in Australia squad for Asian Cup: The A-League's top scorer Nathan Burns h... 
Jose Mourinho says Chelsea's win worth 'more than three points': Jose Mourinho declared that Chelsea's 2-0 vic... 
Who were the team of 2014?:  
Man City's holiday challenge is keeping Chelsea close, Frank Lampard closer: Watch all the highlights from an ... 
Stoke City's Mark Hughes thinks Chelsea can win four trophies: Stoke manager Mark Hughes believes Chelsea are ... 
Skrtel To The Rescue For Liverpool: In a season short on high points, Martin Skrtel's late header certainly co... 
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers hits out at criticism of managers: Brendan Rodgers has hit out at the treatment... 
West Ham sitting fourth as run of good form continues versus Leicester City: Andy Carroll opened up the scorin... 
Tim Howard: MLS should force Frank Lampard to leave Man City on schedule: Everton's American goalkeeper Tim Ho... 
Luis Suarez on target as Barcelona thrash Cordoba: Luis Suarez scored his first Primera Division goal and Lion... 
David James: ISL needs investment as infrastructure is non-existent: Former England goalkeeper David James cla... 
Five questions in advance of Liverpool vs. Arsenal: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says his side's Premier Leag... 
Two-goal Jesus Corona leads the way as Chicharito continues to struggle: Jesus Corona was in goal-scoring form... 
Manchester United's fortunes have changed since last visit to Villa Park: Louis van Gaal talks about the futur... 
Alexis Sanchez may find Christmas 'shock to the system' - Arsene Wenger: LONDON -- Arsenal manager Arsene Weng... 
San Lorenzo's Club World Cup win exposes dearth of Brazilian ideas: San Lorenzo's Emmanuel Mas says the team t... 
Javier Hernandez staying at Real Madrid until end of season - agent: Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez's agent has... 
Alexis Sanchez may get the plaudits, but The Ox deserves the spotlight too: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has enjoye... 
James most searched athlete of 2014: The ESPN FC panel discuss why Colombia and Real Madrid star James Rodrigu... 
Three Points: Tottenham vs. Newcastle United: Spurs smash Newcastle in Capital One Cup play at White Hart Lane... 
Radamel Falcao says he 'really wants to stay' at Manchester United: Radamel Falcao is adamant he still wants t... 
Mario Balotelli bid not in Inter Milan transfer plans, says Javier Zanetti: Inter Milan vice-president Javier ... 
CONCACAF releases host city list for 2015 Gold Cup knockout rounds: NEW YORK -- The knockout rounds of next ye... 
Real Madrid ease past Cruz Azul in Club World Cup: Real Madrid eased into the final of the Club World Cup afte... 
Thierry Henry's magic at Real Madrid in 2006 an example of his greatness: former Arsenal and France striker Th... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic keen to play both games against Chelsea in UCL last-16: Zlatan Ibrahimovic hopes that this ... 
Double Serie A swoop for Arsenal?: Marek Hamsik is reportedly a target for Arsenal, but the Gunners would need... 
Which club has the hardest Champions League draw?:  
Kolo Toure backs Brendan Rodgers as pressure grows on the Liverpool boss: Liverpool centre-back Kolo Toure say... 
Paris Saint-Germain end miserable week with to defeat in Guingamp: The ESPN FC crew discuss Paris Saint-Germai... 
La Liga: Atletico Madrid shocked at home by Villarreal's Luciano Vietto: Atletico Madrid had not lost at home ... 
Should Chelsea's Gary Cahill have received a second booking for diving vs. Hull?:  
Bale out, Hazard in for Madrid, Januzaj loan and Lampard to stay at Man City: Would Gareth Bale on Madrid? Mig... 
Arsenal Hammer Newcastle: Olivier Giroud and Santi Cazorla both netted a brace to hand Arsenal a 4-1 win again... 
Louis van Gaal dismisses talk of Man City facility drawing youth talent: Manchester City are not guaranteed to... 
Real Muscle Their Way To 20th Straight Win: Cristiano Ronaldo may have scored a brace in Los Blancos' 4-1 win ... 
Radamel Falcao has yet to prove his worth at Manchester United: The ESPN FC crew weigh in ahead the Premier Le... 
Fresh from Champions League glory, City must keep up momentum: The ESPN FC crew discuss Manchester City's pote... 
Everton's academy players shine in meaningless Europa loss to Krasnodar: Everton managed to top Group H in the... 
Luis Enrique's experiment saved by trident of Messi, Neymar and Suarez: The ESPN FC crew discuss the way Barce... 
Arsene Wenger could learn a thing or two from Alan Pardew: The pressure appears to be off for Arsene Wenger in... 
Santos challenge legends Pele and Coutinho to Xbox duel: Having played together for Santos for the first time ... 
Who will Arsenal draw in UCL last 16?:  
Bayern boosted by Schweinsteiger in routine win vs. CSKA Moscow: Two late goals for Bayern Munich led to a con... 
How Rodgers Can Save Liverpool: Injuries and loss of form happen to every club. What's different for Brendan R... 
Pep Guardiola set to make changes as Bayern Munich face CSKA Moscow: Pep Guardiola has indicated that he plans... 
America vs. Tigres: Peralta, Ayala among six to watch in Liga MX finals: Moises Munoz has played every league ... 
Three Points: Juventus vs. Atletico Madrid: Juventus and Atletico play out a nil-nil draw that sees both sides... 
Manager profile: Ottmar Hitzfeld: Max Bentley profiles two-time Champions League winner, honorary Swiss and so... 
Stock Market Scores Another Record Finish: As the Thanksgiving break approaches, U.S. stocks rose Thursday wit... 
Former CEO Concedes Mistakes in Nokia’s Downturn: (HELSINKI) — Former Nokia CEO Jorma Ollila, who steered the ... 
Former CEO Concedes Mistakes in Nokia’s Downturn: (HELSINKI) — Former Nokia CEO Jorma Ollila, who steered the ... 
Manager profile: Walter Mazzarri: Simon Baystead profiles Inter Milan boss Walter Mazzarri. 
Market Reality Check: The market craziness continues, with stocks down, commodities crashing, and bond yields ... 
Why Dads Get Short Shrift on Father’s Day – And Dads Are OK with It: When it comes to their respective days of... 
Average Rate on 30-year U.S. Mortgage Nearing 4%: (WASHINGTON) — The average U.S. rate on a 15-year fixed mort... 
Summer of 2013 Must-Taste Fast Food List: The Top Ten: We’ve rounded up ten very interesting, much-hyped new m... 
Hybrid-Car Competition Heats Up: Does the Toyota Prius Finally Have a Worthy Challenger?: In January, Ford sold ... 
Can House of Cards Help Netflix Take on HBO and the Other Cable Giants?: A hit cable drama on a channel like AMC... 
Testing the Science of Sharing at the Super Bowl: Can Viral Ads Be Manufactured?: In 2003, before Facebook and T... 
Thanks to Colin Kaepernick, 49ers Won Super Bowl for Team Merchandise Sales: The San Francisco 49ers Colin Kaepe... 
U.S. Economy Adds 157,000 Jobs; Revisions in Data Show a Stronger Labor Market: The labor market continued its p... 
Why Beyoncé Will Make No Bills, Bills, Bills for Her Super Bowl Performance: These days, the Super Bowl is less ... 
Why the Elites Are Losing Sleep: Who says nothing gets done at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland? A... 
Why Today’s GDP Report Isn’t As Bad As It Looks: The American public (or at least those of us who keep up on the... 
Tempting the Young: New Efforts to Get Younger Consumers Hooked on Guns, Luxe Cars, Soda &amp; More: Marketers are a... 
The Sleep Industry: Why We’re Paying Big Bucks for Something That’s Free: Sleep is one of life’s great free plea... 
Are We Watching a ‘Great Rotation’ Into Stocks?: Good news has a predictable cycle. Initially there is only the ... 
Fragile Economy, Other Global Woes Dominated Davos: (DAVOS, Switzerland) — The fragile state of the world econom... 
Davos Wisdom, 2013: Five Lessons from the Global Forum: One of the best descriptions of Davos I ever heard origi... 
Exxon Surpasses Apple as World’s Most Valuable Company: (NEW YORK) — Exxon has surpassed Apple as world’s most v... 
Now There’s an Official Way to Threaten Businesses with Bad Online Reviews: Anyone and everyone can write review... 
Waiting for Change: The Battle Over the U.S. Penny: When was the last time you stopped to pick up a penny? Given... 
Cash Leaking Out of 401(k) Plans at Alarming Rate: The persistent problem of savers pulling money from their 401... 
Four Keys to Decoding the World Economic Forum: As we speak, business leaders and heads of state are gathering i... 
Meet the New Family-Friendly ‘People Movers’ (Don’t Call Them Minivans!): The latest vehicles that are being pum... 
It’s Peak Season for Shopping Because You’re Depressed: The most depressing day of the year supposedly takes pla... 
Developer Bob and His Illicit Work-Around: What’s Wrong with Outsourcing Your Own Job to China?: 9hngfvnnnnwu4eh... 
Will the EPA Change the Way It Measures Auto Fuel-Efficiency Ratings? Maybe Just for Hybrids?: Drivers have good... 
China’s Growth Rebounds But Still Vulnerable: (BEIJING) — China‘s economy rebounded in the final quarter of 2012... 
The Rise of the Alterna-Banks: 4 Options Beyond Traditional Banking: Is it time to part ways your bank? There ar... 
What the Current Economic Outlook Means for American Families: Now that the fiscal cliff fight is over and the d... 
Are State-Owned Banks the Antidote to the Too-Big-To-Fail Epidemic?: The American Great Plains are known for the... 
NBA Teams Struggle to Fill Arenas, Even When ‘Cheap Seats’ Are $1 – or Free: If you’re in the market for a quiet... 
Aaron Swartz, Tech Prodigy and Internet Activist, Is Dead at 26: Aaron Swartz, the brilliant young software prog... 
Aaron Swartz, Tech Prodigy and Internet Activist, Is Dead at 26: Aaron Swartz, the brilliant young software prog... 
Did Google’s Promise to ‘Do No Evil’ Convince the FTC to Do Nothing About Its Search Bias?: Has the Federal Trad... 
U.S. Unemployment Aid Applications Tick Up to 371K: (WASHINGTON) — Weekly applications for U.S. unemployment ben... 
Is Herbalife a Pyramid Scheme, the Target of Market Manipulation, or Just a Good Gripping Yarn?: Australian mone... 
187,000 Lb. of Marijuana Annually? Legal Pot Business to Bloom in Washington: Voters in Colorado and Washington ... 
Can Electronic Cigarettes Challenge Big Tobacco?: A curious television commercial aired nationwide last month th... 
Fast Food: Spreading Like the Blob: There’s just no stopping it! Fast food chains are seeping into places—and ti... 
Why More Americans Will Fall Behind on Credit Card Bills This Year: Our collective exercise in austerity appears... 
Is a $1 Trillion Coin a Good Way to Avoid Another Debt-Ceiling Impasse?: The summer of 2011 is not a time any of... 
Reports of the Death of the Movies Have Been Greatly Exaggerated: For quite some time, the assumption has been t... 
Google’s Federal Antitrust Deal Cheered By Some, Jeered By Others: The U.S. government’s decision not to file an... 
Wendy’s Doubles Down on Dollar Menu: Although it bumped Burger King out of second place by positioning itself as... 
Why Economists Are United in Their Hatred of the Fiscal Cliff Deal: One of the truths revealed by the debate ove... 
Know the Impression Your Body Language Makes: Gestures, posture, and facial expressions all convey powerful mess... 
The Top 5 Tech Biz Stories of 2012: For the first time ever, smartphones outnumber basic mobile phones. Apple‘s ... 
How the Fiscal Cliff Will Force Big Biz to Turn Against Small Biz: By now, of course, you’ve heard all about the... 
5 Ways to Improve Meeting Productivity: It’s hard to imagine a bigger time-suck than a meeting. That noise you j... 
Settlement Tops $1 Billion in Toyota Acceleration Lawsuit: (LOS ANGELES) — Toyota Motor Corp. said Wednesday it ... 
US Home Prices Rise in October From Previous Year: WASHINGTON (AP) — US home prices rose in most major cities in... 
Top Grinchiest Stories of the 2012 Holiday Season: Given the number of recent Grinch-like thefts and other Grinc... 
Truly Last-Minute Holiday Shopping Options for Deal Hunters – Or the Merely Desperate: Don’t feel down that it’s... 
Start Persuading Your Audience Before the Presentation: Your presentation doesn’t start when you enter the room;... 
$9,000 Off? Automakers Ramp Up End-of-Year Incentives to Sell Glut of Pickup Trucks: Every year around this time... 
Parent Holiday Conundrum: How to Walk the Fine Line Between Treating and Spoiling Your Kids: Parents are in a pi... 
The Blurb Economy: Pithy Book Endorsements Are Barely Effective — But Here to Stay: Author Gary Shteyngart has w... 
Why Free Shipping Is Almost Universal — And Why You Should Be Wary of It: If you didn’t notice it, yesterday was... 
America’s Gun Economy, By the Numbers: The shooting in Newtown, Conn., that killed six adults and 20 children on... 
Two Rules for Keeping Employees Happy and Engaged: Every manager wants a team of dedicated employees. And yet, m... 
Too European To Fail? New EU Banking Safety Net Takes Shape: The agreement by EU leaders to establish a pan-Euro... 
For Most Consumers, Plenty of Holiday Shopping Left to Do: It’s an annual tradition: One day around mid-December... 
Job Satisfaction or Long-term Job Stability? Turns Out It’s Hard to Have Both: Would you rather have a career th... 
Business of Creativity: From Architecture to Kids’ Furniture: Architect Roberto Gil discovered a knack for build... 
Virgin Finally Hooks Up: Why Richard Branson Made a Deal With Delta: Look up flights to London Heathrow from New... 
Good News: Young Americans On the Move Again: Since the recession, American mobility — the rate at which we move... 
What Mario Monti’s Exit Tells Us about Europe’s Debt Crisis: So much for a quiet Christmas in the euro zone. The... 
Delta Buys 49% Stake in Virgin Atlantic: Delta Air Lines Inc. is buying almost half of British airline Virgin At... 
Can the Federal Government Really Deter Insider Trading?: It’s been two decades since Michael Milken, aka “the j... 
How Nonprofits Can Use Data to Solve the World’s Problems: When Uzoamaka Nwankpa visits first-time mothers livin... 
The Bad News Behind the Good Jobs Numbers: Never underestimate the importance of expectations. While most of us ... 
Sandy Is Thought to Have Slowed U.S. Hiring in Nov.: (WASHINGTON) — Superstorm Sandy is widely thought to have s... 
Friday’s Jobs Numbers May Be Drowned Out by Hurricane Sandy: When the Labor Department releases it’s November jo... 
Fugitive Software Guru John McAfee Arrested in Guatemala, Faces Expulsion Back to Belize: Fugitive software pion... 
Big Bank Epiphany: Adding New Fees May Be Bad For Business: Could 2013 be when big bank customers finally get so... 
Same-Day Delivery: Losing Money Is O.K. If You’re Winning Over Customers: For consumers who live in the cities w... 
How U.S. Firms Like Google and Amazon Minimize their European Taxes: Britain is a huge market for Amazon, the U.... 
Europe’s Crisis Measures Are Working…Sort Of: Last week’s deal to avoid Greece defaulting on its huge debt is th... 
Kids and Allowance: The Debate that Divides Us: In our world of increasing personal financial responsibility, wh... 
Is the Student-Loan Debt Crisis Worse than We Thought?: A new report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York d... 
Powerball Playbook: So You’ve Won the Lottery — An Expert’s Guide on Surviving Day One: How acute was America’s ... 
Is the Student Loan Debt Crisis Worse Than We Thought?: A new report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York d... 
Don’t Give Hidden Fees This Holiday Season: The National Retail Federation says more than four in five people wi... 
Regulatory Report Card: How Effective Was Mary Schapiro as SEC Chair?: SEC Chairman Mary Schapiro announced yest... 
Euro Officials Reach Deal to Reduce Greek Debt: (BRUSSELS) — Greece is on its way to getting the next installmen... 
Black Friday Results Are In: The Centerpiece of a Huge Multi-Day ‘Bricks-and-Clicks’ Shopping Spree: If Black Fr... 
Stocks Soar on Black Friday; Tech Leads the Way: The stock market enjoyed some Black Friday cheer, rising sharpl... 
Unemployment Falls in 75% of U.S. States: (WASHINGTON) — An increase in hiring helped lower unemployment rates i... 
On Europe’s Thanksgiving Menu: Stiffing Greece: The lull is over. After enjoying a long period of relative calm,... 
Black Friday: Fast and Frenzied: The end of Thanksgiving week represents the high point of American consumption ... 
Insider Trading Scandal: Are the Feds Closing In on Billionaire Hedge Fund Mogul Steven Cohen?: Billionaire hedg... 
8 Black Friday Mistakes You Can’t Afford to Make: Black Friday shopping has plenty of potential pitfalls. Your s... 
After Sandy: Why Burying the Power Lines Is a Lonely Fight: In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, we’re certain t... 
Forget the Fiscal Cliff: Why Obama is in Asia: It might seem a strange that newly re-elected President Barack Ob... 
Money Talking: Who Decides How to Spend Sandy Relief Dollars?: What does the post Sandy reconstruction tell us a... 
E-Retail Strikes Back: Amazon’s Latest Strategies in War for Holiday Shopper Dollars: Neither Amazon nor any onl... 
India vs China: Which Has a Bigger Reform Challenge?: Both India and China are in the middle of their worst econ... 
Eurozone Back in Recession in Q3: (LONDON) — The 17-country eurozone has bowed to the inevitable and fallen back... 
A Simple Way to Get TV Viewers to Stop Skipping the Ads: It may be wishful thinking, given the source, but  a re... 
The Pessimist’s Guide to Surviving the Fiscal Cliff: Optimism has been growing that Democrats and Republicans wi... 
Patent Progress: What Apple and HTC’s Landmark Pact Means for the Patent Wars: Finally. After years of lawsuits ... 
How Jewelry Designer Pamela Love Turned a Childhood Hobby into a Fast-Growing Business: When Pamela Love was in ... 
With Obama Win, Wall Street Cop Stays On the Beat: This week’s election was a cliffhanger for many people, but t... 
Where in the World is Con Ed?: Ten days after Sandy, I am among many thousands of homeowners in the north suburb... 
Election’s Over: Time to Buy a Gun!: President Barack Obama has been referred to as “salesman of the year” for t... 
When Working Hard, Make Time for Rest: When you’re on a deadline or have a particularly thorny project in front ... 
Can China’s New Leader Prevent an Economic Crisis?: In a very uncertain global economy, we’re finally getting so... 
Deep Impact: Sandy’s Big Effects on Car Sales Now — and for Months to Come: Floods, falling trees, and the disru... 
Gas Prices Take a Huge Post-Sandy Plunge: Amid epically long lines at gas stations and pervasive fear and panic ... 
Former ‘Extreme Couponer’ Admits: It’s a Waste of Time: For obvious reasons, the idea that you can snag hundreds... 
Why the U.S. Has a Worse Youth Employment Problem Than Europe: The latest unemployment statistics released this ... 
The U.S. Economy Adds 171,000 Jobs in October, but Challenges Remain: Here it is, folks: The final jobs report b... 
What Should Be Done About Growing Inequality?: America is becoming more unequal economically, and most people fi... 
CFPB Takes on Debt Collectors With New Oversight: Last week, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said it wo... 
The Hidden Economic Victims of Superstorm Sandy: Much of the devastation wrought by Superstorm Sandy is highly v... 
Avoid Getting Scammed in Sandy’s Aftermath: Scam artists come out of the woodwork after natural disasters, takin... 
Sandy: The Rare Natural Disaster That Isn’t Expected to Boost Gas Prices: Hurricanes are often associated with s... 
Banks Waive Fees for Residents in Path of Hurricane Sandy: Updated: Monday, 2 p.m. Anticipating a storm-related ... 
By One Measure, At Least, We’re All Better Off Than We Were 4 Years Ago: Are you better off than you were four y... 
Tackling the Myth of Indian Inefficiency (Sort of): A couple of weeks ago, I tried to convince the world that Ch... 
Pinterest for Dudes: Over the past year a handful of sites have come up with a manly twist on Pinterest. Instead... 
Parents Who Argue over Money Connected to Overspending by Kids: Did your parents constantly argue over money whe... 
Highly Educated Have Biggest Debt Problems: It’s widely accepted that unscrupulous bankers tricked unknowing con... 
American Plans to Hire 2,500 Pilots: (DALLAS) — The CEO of American Airlines said the company expects to hire 2,... 
How Saving for Retirement Might Backfire: Saving for retirement is now the top financial goal of the vast majori... 
Obama vs Romney: Who’s Right on China?: The most shocking part of the third debate between President Barack Obam... 
Marissa Mayer’s Wall Street Debut Sends Yahoo! Stock Surging: Three months after assuming command of struggling ... 
25 Years Later: In the Crash of 1987, the Seeds of the Great Recession: “History doesn’t repeat itself, but it d... 
Can Japan Change?: One of the more frustrating tasks I regularly face in my job as an economics correspondent in... 
Iraq Issues Arrest Warrant for Central Bank Chief: BAGHDAD — Iraqi authorities have issued arrest warrants for t... 
Is Grilled Cheese the Next Big Thing in Fast Casual Restaurants?: Say cheese! The formula of speedy service, cus... 
Google’s Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day: Google stunned Wall Street Thursday by accidentally releasin... 
A Recovering Housing Market is Great News for Too-Big-To-Fail Banks: Big banks are reaping the rewards of QE3 du... 
Brothels Rescue Cash-Strapped Greek Soccer Team: The world's oldest profession is giving a whole new meaning to ... 
Intel, IBM Earnings Spook Wall Street, Stoke Tech Sector Fears: Technology bellwethers Intel and IBM delivered l... 
E.U. Regulators Ask Google to Change Privacy Policy: (PARIS) — European regulators have asked Google to clarify ... 
The Unemployment Report Wasn’t Rigged — But It’s Not Accurate, Either.: Why blind spots in the Bureau of Labor S... 
Big Tobacco Seeking Change in Corrective Statements: (WASHINGTON) — Tobacco companies are urging a federal judge... 
Apple vs. Google Is the Most Important Battle in Tech: In the 1990s, Microsoft Internet Explorer battled Netscap... 
Money Isn’t the Only Motivator for Top Talent: Many managers worry about how to retain top talent without breaki... 
JPMorgan Turns in Record Profit, Higher Revenue: (NEW YORK) — JPMorgan Chase, the country’s biggest bank by asse... 
Walmart Announces Same-Day Delivery, Tries to Beat Amazon at Its Own Game: Walmart is the king of all retail, wi... 
Toyota Recalls 7.43 Million Vehicles Globally: (TOKYO) — Toyota Motor Corp. is recalling 7.43 million vehicles i... 
Political Merchandise Extends Far Beyond Official Campaigns: Of the estimated $2.5 billion that Barack Obama, Mi... 
Against the Odds: How a First-Time Director Got His Wall Street Flick To the Big Screen: His financial backer we... 
Google Books Deal Bolsters Dream of Universal Bookstore: Google’s deal to settle a seven-year conflict with five... 
Eight Ways to Motivate Employees: Looking for ways to motivate your employees? Consider some tips from a recent ... 
Improve Your Presentation in Real Time: It may seem difficult to evaluate the progress of your presentation whil... 
None of the Above: The Obama and Romney campaigns agree that energy policy is one of the clearest contrasts betw... 
More Turbulence for American Airlines: American Airlines has ordered more than 500 new jets—Airbus A320s, Boeing... 
Hong Kong Mogul Sells Taiwan TV Business: (TAIPEI, Taiwan) — Hong Kong media mogul Jimmy Lai announced Tuesday h... 
How the ‘Maker’ Movement Plans to Transform the U.S. Economy: Chris Anderson was trying to fire up his kids abou... 
Why the Euro Crisis Is Nowhere Near Being Over: It’s astonishing, but everyone is behaving as though the euro cr... 
FDA Warning Public of Risks of Online Pharmacies: The Food and Drug Administration is warning U.S. consumers tha... 
Labor Department Finds U.S. Economy 386,000 Jobs Stronger: The Labor Department is constantly refining its estim... 
How Columbus, Ohio Bounced Back from the Recession: The Columbus metropolitan area has created more jobs than an... 
Mobilizing Your Brand Advocates: Your best customers and biggest fans could be your biggest marketing advantage ... 
How Bad Is America’s Pension Funding Problem?: No sooner had the Chicago teachers’ strike been settled than a ne... 
Apple: One Year After Steve Jobs’ Death, iPhone Sales Disappoint Wall Street: Only Apple could sell 5 million iP... 
Are Average Investors Getting Bilked by Wall Street Supercomputers?: As long as there has been a Wall Street, th... 
When Central Bankers Attack: Why Ben &amp; Co. Can’t Save the Global Economy: With the global economy still struggli... 
Bitter Harvest: U.S. Farmers Blame Billion-Dollar Losses on Immigration Laws: Ralph and Cheryl Broetje rely on r... 
U.S. Unemployment Claims Fell Last Week to 382,000: (WASHINGTON) — The number of Americans seeking unemployment ... 
Has U.S. Economy Bottomed Out? Census Suggests Yes: (WASHINGTON) — The U.S. economy is showing signs of finally ... 
Disney’s $1.7 Billion French Birthday Gift: The Walt Disney Co. is stepping in to take over the debts of its Dis... 
Private Eyes: Are Retailers Watching Our Every Move?: Traditional brick-and-mortar retailers don’t have a lot go... 
‘Moral Decoupling:’ How Consumers Justify Supporting a Tarnished Brand: Recent history is littered with high-pro... 
Zuckerberg’s Remarks Give Facebook Shares a Boost — But Can He Deliver?: After three months of radio silence fro... 
Ben Bernanke’s Heavy Artillery: Will Open-Ended Bond Buying Drive Down Unemployment?: America has been mired in ... 
Expectations High for Major Fed Action Thursday: (WASHINGTON) — If the world’s investors are right, the Federal ... 
Four Years After Bailout, We’re No Closer to a Coherent Housing Policy: Last week marked the fourth anniversary ... 
Traits of Great Employees and Leaders: Startups thrive on agility, uncertainty and personal responsibility, so e... 
Glencore Revises Terms for Xstrata Deal: (LONDON) — Glencore has made a revised offer in its all-share bid for X... 
Forecast of Modest U.S. Job Gains May Not Lift Obama: (WASHINGTON) — U.S. employers likely added jobs last month... 
Build a Better Innovation Team: No matter how great your idea, your innovation effort will fall apart if the wro... 
Report: New York AG Investigates Private Equity Tax Loophole: The impending 2012 election has put tax law at the... 
Bankers: Who Needs Them?: Would the world be a happier place if we just got rid of all the bankers? Well, no. Th... 
German Minister: Bank Supervisor Will Take Time: Germany's finance minister said Monday that a new Europe-wide b... 
Bernanke Speech May Offer Clues to Fed’s Next Step: (WASHINGTON) — Few expect Chairman Ben Bernanke to signal at... 
Too Good for Government: Claire Broido Johnson was the kind of private-sector go-getter you don’t expect to find... 
Secrets from the World’s Happiest Workplace: It’s a well-known fact that happy workers are more productive than ... 
Six Reasons Why “Gamification” Will Rule the Business World: The new fall TV season marks a happy resurrection: ... 
The Perils of Small Business Expansion: The goal of any business – small or otherwise – is to grow, but growth c... 
Why Wall Street Loves Apple and Google as Facebook and Friends Flail: Wall Street has soured on social media gia... 
Take Off Your Headphones: If you wear headphones at work you may feel they drown out distractions and help you focus. 
Exclusive: Walt Disney Co. Considers Buyout of Struggling Disneyland Paris: After two decades of putting up with... 
PayPal-Discover Pact Boosts Mobile Payments Momentum: The mobile payments/digital wallet drama now unfolding is ... 
Will Burma Become Asia’s Next Economic Tiger?: On paper at least, Burma has all of the elements required to crea... 
The State Willing to Pay Big Bucks to Attract New Workers: Around the nation, states struggling with stubbornly ... 
Nothing to Hide: Why Restaurants Embrace the Open Kitchen: In the past, restaurant customers may have preferred ... 
One Thing Your Performance Reviews Are Missing: Where employee evaluations are concerned, many companies follow ... 
US Economy Grew at Modest 1.9 Percent Rate: WASHINGTON — The U.S. economy expanded at a 1.9 percent annual rate ... 
Report: News Corp. Board Approves Company Split: (NEW YORK) — The Wall Street Journal is reporting that the boar... 
Why the New Egyptian President’s Biggest Worry Could Be the Economy: The newly elected President of Egypt, the M... 
After Facebook Debacle, Can Investors Trust the IPO Process?: It’s been over a month since Facebook’s troubled i... 
Be Yourself at Conferences: Conferences can make even the most outgoing person nervous. In such a socially inten... 
Fitch Downgrades Cyprus Credit Grade to Junk: Fitch ratings agency says it has downgraded Cyprus' sovereign cred... 
Do “Dark Pools” Threaten the Health of America’s Financial Markets?: NYSE Euronext and Nasdaq OMX Group – the co... 
Does Ben Bernanke Have Any Ammo Left?: The Federal Reserve can’t seem to get any love these days.  Within hours ... 
Fed Extends “Twist” Program to Drive Rates Lower: WASHINGTON  — The Federal Reserve is extending a program inten... 
Facebook’s $10 Million Privacy Payout: Why You Get Nothing: The technology industry is trapped in a cycle of pri... 
Walgreen to Spend $6.7B on Alliance Boots Stake: Walgreen Co. will pay $6.7 billion in cash and stock to buy a s... 
Who’s to Blame for the Facebook IPO Debacle? Federal Court May Decide: Technical errors caused by the Nasdaq sto... 
Suggested New Movement: “Cord Trimming”: Critics say a pay TV business that regularly charges its customers $100... 
Rajat Gupta Jury Queries ‘Conspiracy’ as Evidence is Called ‘Circumstantial’: A New York City jury will decide t... 
Is the India Growth Story Over?: Is India heading towards the end of its much-touted growth story? A report by g... 
Spain Borrowing Costs Soar After Moody’s Downgrade: Spain's borrowing costs hit a high not seen since the countr... 
London’s Olympics Won’t Deliver Economic Gold: With the start of the London Summer Olympics drawing ever nearer,... 
How Dangerous Is America’s Debt?: In the past three weeks, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has released tw... 
Why HBO Is Once Again TV’s Most Relevant Network: It was just one more small step for TV Everywhere. HBO Go will... 
How the Business of Streaming Music Will Change Culture…For the Better: Forget, for the moment, about how much S... 
Spain Has Successful Bond Sale after Tough Week: (MADRID) — Spain’s Treasury has successfully raised (EURO)2.1 b... 
8 Snap Interview Decisions Every Boss Makes: Everyone does it: We all make decisions based on a little data and ... 
China’s Antiquated Financial System: The Creaking Grows Louder: Experts say further financial liberalization is ... 
Argentina 4-0 Ecuador: Argentina 4-0 Ecuador 
Argentina v Ecuador: Preview: Argentina v Ecuador: Preview 
Why Google Should Be Worried About Facebook: I have written a few columns questioning Facebook’s long term value... 
Consumer Confidence in the Economy Plunged in May: NEW YORK — American confidence in the economy suffered the bi... 
#Blackberry Playbook takes longer to boot up than a laptop. #Fail. (@ Lippo Centre 力寶中心) 
Facebook IPO Furor: Feds Probing Deal Over Insider Bank Warnings: Facebook’s Wall Street investment banks warned... 
Google+ iPhone app is awesome. It is clear, Facebook does not get mobile and Google does. My FB friends .... Sign up to Google+!
Working the Room at Facebook’s Times Square Party: Hey! Where is everyone? I headed to Nasdaq headquarters in Ti... 
Colombia 1-2 Argentina: Colombia 1-2 Argentina 
US Phone Subscribers Hang up on Contracts: NEW ORLEANS — U.S. consumers have had their fill of expensive, contra... 
I Went to the Facebook Roadshow and I All I Got Was a Brownie: I went to the biggest show in town without a tick... 
Economists Forecast Slow but Steady U.S. Hiring: (WASHINGTON) — U.S. hiring likely picked up last month after it... 
1st Private Cargo Run to Space Station Delayed: CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The first commercial cargo run to the Int... 
Dow, S&amp;P 500 Slip as Spain Enters Recession: NEW YORK (AP) — News that Spain’s economy entered another recession... 
Is Romney the Wrong Kind of Rich?: Do Americans – or at least a significant portion of them — resent success? To... 
Citi’s CEO Pay Revolt: Capitalism Is Back, Baby!: One of the more gratifying moments so far this year – at least... 
Survey: Social Media Evidence Soaring in Court Cases: Every week the media seems to offer a new account of some ... 
Why you shouldn’t just blame your cable company for that $200 bill: Like the older sibling who seems to be blame... 
How to Make a Picture Worth 100,000 Clicks: California-based Column Five Media has carved out a niche turning te... 
Did Burger King Wait Too Long to Reinvent Itself?: Two weeks after Wendy’s bumped Burger King out of the No. 2 s... 
China Welcomes Apple CEO Tim Cook, Approves New iPad for Sale: Apple’s new iPad, which is currently for sale in ... 
Network with Purpose: When it comes to networking, quality matters more than quantity.  
Apple Stock Tops $600 Day Before New iPad Release: NEW YORK — Apple Inc.’s stock touched $600 for the first time... 
Economists See More Reasons for Optimism This Year: NEW YORK — Economists are increasingly confident that some p... 
Google Takes Another Experimental Step Toward Delivering TV: Google, which was founded by two graduate students,... 
Apple Stock Hits $500 as China ‘iPad’ Trademark Case Escalates: First, the good news: Apple shares briefly hit $... 
Is Google In Danger of Being Shut Out of the Changing Internet?: The upcoming IPO of Facebook, the flak surround... 
Facebook Set to File For $5 Billion IPO Wednesday Morning: Report: Social networking giant Facebook is expected ... 
Facebook Is Responsible for Creating 450,000 Jobs? Really?!: As Facebook prepares to file its IPO documents with... 
New RIM CEO Fails to Impress as Shares Tank After Shakeup: Investors greeted new Research in Motion CEO Thorsten... 
Warren Buffett Ready to Take Republicans' Tax Challenge: Warren Buffett is ready to call Republicans' tax bluff 
How to Know When the Euro Crisis Reaches a Tipping Point: Investors face two growing risks -- a crackup of the E... 
Black Thursday: Will Shoppers Really Show Up at Stores on Thanksgiving Night?: One of the biggest stories to eme... 
Argentina 1-1 Bolivia: Argentina 1-1 Bolivia 
In Praise of Minor Upgrades: Big, ambitious tech products change the world. But their less flashy, more refined ... 
Argentina 4-1 Chile: Argentina 4-1 Chile 
5 Ways You're Getting Nickel-and-Dimed While Traveling: Don't look now, but travel could be getting even more expensive 
Stocks Recover After Bernanke Prediction: Stocks rose in afternoon trading Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman... 
President Obama at Martha's Vineyard: Bad for the Vacation Spot?: As the First Family heads to this island retre... 
Home Theater, Internet Style: Sony Bravia HDTV: Sony's new Bravia HDTV isn't just big and beautiful -- it's also... 
Google+ Reverses Social-Network Curse, Challenges Facebook: With its promising Facebook alternative Google+, the... 
Audi's New A7: A Sports Car for the Internet Era: With Google Earth, handwriting recognition, onboard wi-fi, and... 
Google, Search-Engine Leader, Not Resting on Its Laurels: The dominant search engine isn't resting on its laurel... 
Google, Search-Engine Leader, Not Resting on Its Laurels: The dominant search engine isn't resting on its laurel... 
Google, Search-Engine Leader, Not Resting on Its Laurels: The dominant search engine isn't resting on its laurel... 
Google, Search-Engine Leader, Not Resting on Its Laurels: The dominant search engine isn't resting on its laurel... 
Welcome to the Beginning of the End of the PC Era: Microsoft and Apple have their differences, but they agree on... 
Welcome to the Beginning of the End of the PC Era: Microsoft and Apple have their differences, but they agree on... 
Domino's Earns Big with Pizza and Chicken Ads: The pizza-delivery giant, long mocked for its inferior food, impr... 
Domino's Earns Big with Pizza and Chicken Ads: The pizza-delivery giant, long mocked for its inferior food, impr... 
Domino's Earns Big with Pizza and Chicken Ads: The pizza-delivery giant, long mocked for its inferior food, impr... 
Internet Security Breaches: Why the PlayStation Attack Should Concern Non-Gamers Too: Recent hacker attacks agai... 
Internet Security Breaches: Why the PlayStation Attack Should Concern Non-Gamers Too: Recent hacker attacks agai... 
Internet Security Breaches: Why the PlayStation Attack Should Concern Non-Gamers Too: Recent hacker attacks agai... 
For U.S. Economy, Short-Term Good News Is Bad News: How the U.S.'s economic strength overseas prevents it from f... 
For U.S. Economy, Short-Term Good News Is Bad News: How the U.S.'s economic strength overseas prevents it from f... 
Why Google Isn't the New Microsoft: The search giant faces antitrust organizations reminiscent of the court case... 
Why Google Isn't the New Microsoft: The search giant faces antitrust organizations reminiscent of the court case... 
Why Google Isn't the New Microsoft: The search giant faces antitrust organizations reminiscent of the court case... 
Divorce and Taxes: Five Things to Know When Filing Returns: What's almost worse than divorce? Figuring out how t... 
Divorce and Taxes: Five Things to Know When Filing Returns: What's almost worse than divorce? Figuring out how t... 
Google's Gmail: Simplicity Lost in New Features, Revisions: After seven years of revisions, there isn't much tha... 
Google's Gmail: Simplicity Lost in New Features, Revisions: After seven years of revisions, there isn't much tha... 
Google's Gmail: Simplicity Lost in New Features, Revisions: After seven years of revisions, there isn't much tha... 
Toon duo issue apology over nightclub pics: Newcastle's Leon Best and Stephen Ireland have issued an apology to ... 
Holden ruled out for six months with knee injury: Bolton Wanderers midfielder Stuart Holden has been ruled out f... 
Chelsea 2-0 Manchester City: Chelsea 2-0 Manchester City 
Adebayor wants permanent move to Real: Emmanuel Adebayor wants to secure a full transfer to Real Madrid after hi... 
Everton 2-1 Fulham: Everton 2-1 Fulham 
Messi: United not amongst UCL favourites: Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi has ruled out Manchester United as co... 
UEFA bans Tottenham assistant Jordan: UEFA has handed Tottenham assistant manager Joe Jordan a one-match ban fol... 
Rooney: Relationship with Fergie strong as ever: Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has rubbished reports su... 
Fergie purrs over Hernandez-Rooney clique: Sir Alex Ferguson purred over the burgeoning partnership between Wate... 
Nani denies reports of interest in Italy move: Manchester United winger Nani has denied that he is considering l... 
Ferguson: United must step up performance: Sir Alex Ferguson has told his Manchester United side to step up thei... 
Data Mining: How Companies Know Your Personal Information: Every detail of your life -- what you buy, where you ... 
Data Mining: How Companies Know Your Personal Information: Every detail of your life -- what you buy, where you ... 
Lehmann confirms talks over Arsenal return: Jens Lehmann says he has "jumped at the chance" to hold talks with A... 
Nani in training ahead of Marseille clash: Manchester United winger Nani could be set to face Marseille on Tuesd... 
Arrests made in ugly Liverpool-United youth tie: An FA Youth Cup tie between Liverpool and Manchester United at ... 
Lehmann coy on possible Arsenal return: Former Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has not ruled out the possibility... 
Cristiano Ronaldo set to start against Lyon: Jose Mourinho believes Cristiano Ronaldo will be fit to start again... 
Hodgson to keep backroom duo at Baggies: West Brom boss Roy Hodgson has confirmed assistant head coach Michael A... 
Sunderland want loanee Elmohamady to stay: Sunderland have announced they will offer Egypt midfielder Ahmed Elmo... 
Wenger angry at UEFA 'dictatorship': Arsene Wenger has denied any wrongdoing after being charged with improper c... 
Didier Drogba defends City's Kolo Toure: Chelsea's Didier Drogba has defended Ivory Coast team-mate Kolo Toure a... 
Arteta suffers grade-two hamstring tear: Everton midfielder Mikel Arteta has suffered a grade-two tear hamstring tear. 
Almunia questions Arsenal's commitment: Manuel Almunia has accused his Arsenal teammates of lacking passion duri... 
Toffees face anxious wait on Arteta injury: Everton must wait to discover the extent of Mikel Arteta's hamstring... 
Capello hails Bale as the world's best player: As Tottenham prepare to face Fabio Capello's former side Milan in... 
Redknapp: Bale 'touch and go': Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp has described key midfielder Gareth Bale... 
Suarez: Give me time to shine: Liverpool stiker Luis Suarez has bemoaned the fact the club has a barren fixture ... 
Fabregas: Barcelona return nothing special: Cesc Fabregas insists Arsenal's Champions League fixture against Bar... 
United blank the media after defeat: Manchester United failed to provide any post-match interviews after the 3-1... 
Wolves 3-3 Spurs: Fletcher earns dramatic draw: Wolves 3-3 Spurs: Fletcher earns dramatic draw 
Cesc upbeat about chances of facing Barca: Cesc Fabregas remains optimistic he will be fit to face Barcelona and... 
Bolton 3-2 Aston Villa: Bolton 3-2 Aston Villa 
Bale still in contention for Milan: Just a couple of days after seemingly being ruled out of next week's Champio... 
Houllier sorry for weakened team: Gerard Houllier has apologised to Aston Villa fans for not giving them advance... 
Murdoch Wins Again as Sky Takeover Gets the Green Light: With the go-ahead from the British government to bid fo... 
Murdoch Wins Again as Sky Takeover Gets the Green Light: With the go-ahead from the British government to bid fo... 
O'Neill to go to Arbitration Tribunal: Aston Villa have reached an impasse with Martin O'Neill over the terms of... 
Houllier returns to site of darkest day: Aston Villa manager Gerard Houllier admits the 4-0 defeat by Manchester... 
Van Persie sidelined for three weeks: Robin van Persie will miss Arsenal's crucial Champions League clash agains... 
Olsson apologises for Stoke tunnel fracas: West Brom defender Jonas Olsson has apologised for his moment of rage... 
Newcastle's Ben Arfa could be out until May: Newcastle boss Alan Pardew has revealed Hatem Ben Arfa faces a batt... 
Liverpool boss Dalglish cool on contract talk: Kenny Dalglish has played down suggestions that he has been offer... 
Gerrard: New-boy Suarez will get even better: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard claims that new signing Luis Suar... 
Ashley Cole shoots Chelsea fan - report: Chelsea defender Ashley Cole has allegedly shot and wounded a work expe... 
Ferguson: Title race is United v Arsenal: Sir Alex Ferguson has ruled Manchester City out of the title race, cla... 
Bundesliga takes Serie A's European spot: The Deutsche Fussball Liga (DFL) has confirmed there will be four Bund... 
Owen to make swift return: Michael Owen could return to the Manchester United squad for Saturday's trip to Wigan. 
Utd defender Smalling realistic over Rio return: Manchester United defender Chris Smalling has no doubt that he ... 
Arsenal 1-0 Stoke City: Injury woe: Arsenal edged past Stoke and moved to a point behind Premier League leaders ... 
Gomis optimistic after draw: Lyon striker Bafetimbi Gomis believes his team still have "every chance'' to dump R... 
Owls in cut-price move for McCarthy and Ilunga: Sheffield Wednesday are trying to sign Benni McCarthy on loan fr... 
Giggs and Ferdinand missing for Marseille match: Manchester United's preparations for their Champions League fix... 
Man United's Anderson out for two months: Manchester United midfielder Anderson could be out for up to two month... 
Guardiola laughs off Wilshere speculation: Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola has laughed off suggestions he might tr... 
West Brom 1-1 Wolves: Last-gasp Vela goal: Substitute Carlos Vela rescued a point for West Brom with an injury-t... 
Wenger: We can win Quadruple: Arsene Wenger insists that Arsenal are capable of winning the Quadruple this seaso... 
Corluka out for a month after Flamini lunge: Tottenham defender Vedran Corluka expects to be out for a month fol... 
Santa Cruz, Jones may not stay with Rovers: Blackburn Rovers boss Steve Kean fears the club may not be able to a... 
Corluka out for a month after Flamini lunge: Tottenham defender Vedran Corluka expects to be out for a month fol... 
Lampard: Champions League is the priority: Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard has made it clear that the priority ... 
Valencia 1-1 Schalke 04: Raul bags 71st goal: Valencia 1-1 Schalke 04: Raul bags 71st goal 
Jones signs year extension to Blackburn deal: Rovers today received a major boost with news that Phil Jones has ... 
Carragher heaps fresh praise on Kenny: Liverpool veteran Jamie Carragher admits he was worried about the club's ... 
Balotelli closes on return, De Jong still out: Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini expects Mario Balotelli to b... 
Redknapp: Bale 'not going to be fit' for Milan: Harry Redknapp has confirmed Gareth Bale is almost guaranteed to... 
Sunderland 1-2 Spurs: Niko Kranjcar produced another spectacular strike to fire Tottenham back into the Premier ... 
Guardiola confirms Puyol to miss Arsenal tie: Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola has confirmed that defender Carles P... 
Qataris close to United deal: Manchester United's owners, the Glazer family, are on the verge of selling the clu... 
Wigan chief Whelan wants to end Liverpool run: Dave Whelan wants his team to burst the Kenny Dalglish bubble whe... 
Nicklas Bendtner considering Arsenal exit: Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner has revealed he is considering quitt... 
Arnesen: Torres can inspire Young Blues: Chelsea sporting director Frank Arnesen believes the arrival of Fernand... 
Carragher: We're already over Torres: Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has backed Fernando Torres to be a succ... 
Bendtner's self-confidence mark off the scale: Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner has scored highly in 'self-perce... 
Fergie: Neville won't leave United: Sir Alex Ferguson has revealed he has no intention of allowing defender Gary... 
Last-Name Effect: People with End-of-Alphabet Names Buy Faster: A new study shows that people with last names be... 
Last-Name Effect: People with End-of-Alphabet Names Buy Faster: A new study shows that people with last names be... 
Henry praises Dalglish, hints at Anfield stay: Liverpool owner John W Henry has given the clearest indication ye... 
Man Utd defender Neville announces retirement: Manchester United defender Gary Neville has announced his retirem... 
Redknapp ponders 'massive' Woodgate gamble: Tottenham Hotspur centre-back Ledley King will go under the knife on... 
Is Europe Losing the Fight Against Internet Pirates?: Six months after France introduced Europe's toughest Inter... 
Is Europe Losing the Fight Against Internet Pirates?: Six months after France introduced Europe's toughest Inter... 
Torres: I've joined a "top level" club in Chelsea: New Chelsea striker Fernando Torres has spoken of his delight... 
Ireland leaves Villa to join Newcastle on loan: Aston Villa midfielder Stephen Ireland has joined Newcastle Unit... 
Hughes wants unhappy Gera to stay at Fulham: Hughes is desperate to keep Zoltan Gera at Craven Cottage with Blac... 
Fergie admits interest in Oxlade-Chamberlain: Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he rates Southampton flyer Alex Oxl... 
Premier League hits Blackpool with £25,000 fine: Blackpool have been fined £25,000 for fielding a weakened side ... 
Sky Sports' Keys resigns, blames 'dark forces': Sky Sports presenter Richard Keys has apologised for his role in... 
Liverpool set Saturday deadline to sign Suarez: Ajax coach Frank de Boer has told Liverpool they have until Satu... 
Sky confirms termination of Gray's contract: Pundit Andy Gray has left Sky Sports in the aftermath of his contro... 
West Ham sign O'Neil, Ba loan 'nearly done': West Ham's high profile signing of £7 million-rated striker Demba B... 
Decision delayed over Olympic Stadium site: It is reported that a decision on whether the Olympic Stadium site s... 
Coe backs Hammers' Olympic stadium bid: Lord Coe has thrown his support behind West Ham's bid to take over the O... 
Fulham 2-0 Stoke: Fulham 2-0 Stoke 
Dalglish: Joe Cole will get Liverpool chance: Kenny Dalglish has played down the significance of Joe Cole's appe... 
UK sports minister slams football administrators: Football is the worst governed sport in the UK, sports ministe... 
Quinn says no to Keane: Sunderland chairman Niall Quinn has moved to quash speculation linking the club with a s... 
United eye contract extension for veteran Giggs: Manchester United chief executive David Gill is planning on ope... 
Babel talks up prospect of Suarez swap deal: Ryan Babel has revealed he is keen to return to Ajax on loan as par... 
No West Brom action over Scharner comments: West Brom are to take no action against defender Paul Scharner over ... 
Prem Lge: City go top, Ivanovic lifts Chelsea: A round-up of Saturday's Premier League action. 
Marseille's Diawara free to face Man United: Marseille defender Souleymane Diawara has been cleared of a UEFA di... 
Van der Vaart wants long Spurs stay: Rafael Van der Vaart has made a huge impression in his first season at Tott... 
Genoa confirm loan for Wigan striker Boselli: Genoa have confirmed the loan signing of Wigan Athletic striker Ma... 
Enter Apple's iPad Rivals: Tablet Computers Abound at CES: Apple's breakthrough gadget, the iPad, finally has co... 
Enter Apple's iPad Rivals: Tablet Computers Abound at CES: Apple's breakthrough gadget, the iPad, finally has co... 
Ferguson happy with Valencia rehab progress: Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson says Antonio Valencia is o... 
Barca's Pique confident of beating Arsenal: Barcelona defender Gerard Pique claims that Lionel Messi will be key... 
Craig Bellamy arrested on suspicion of assault: Manchester City striker Craig Bellamy has been arrested and bail... 
Wenger: I need a defender: Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal will be forced into an emergency purchase should centre-... 
FA charges Babel for Webb-based photo joke: Liverpool star Ryan Babel has been charged with improper conduct by ... 
Thompson: Fans key to Hodgson departure: Liverpool legend Phil Thompson believes that Roy Hodgson had no future ... 
Rangers accept Birmingham offer for Miller: Birmingham City have confirmed that they have had a bid accepted for... 
Pardew hints at interest in signing Bentley: Alan Pardew has dropped a strong hint that Newcastle could look to ... 
Hleb under fire after Arsenal comments: Birmingham boss Alex McLeish has urged Alexander Hleb "to show what he's... 
Wigan Athletic 0-1 Newcastle: Shola strikes: Newcastle moved back into the top half of the Premier League as Sho... 
Rooney planning to go into management: Wayne Rooney has revealed he is planning to go into management once he ha... 
Wenger: Arsenal in a strong position: Arsene Wenger has warned Arsenal's rivals that there is "a lot more to com... 
West Ham agree salary with Robbie Keane: West Ham have agreed weekly wages of £65,000 with Robbie Keane, but the... 
McCarthy hoping to lure Keane back to Wolves: Wolves boss Mick McCarthy has confirmed his interest in Robbie Kea... 
McLeish: Bent has no future at Birmingham: Birmingham manager Alex McLeish has confirmed that Marcus Bent has no... 
Arsenal 3-1 Chelsea: Arsenal banish demons: Arsenal 3-1 Chelsea: Arsenal banish demons 
Man Utd 2-0 S'land: Man Utd 2-0 S'land 
Baines ignores links to Bayern and Man Utd: Leighton Baines has shrugged off links with Manchester United and Ba... 
Wrong Purchase? Why Shoppers Can't Stop Buying: Ever buy a couch, only to find that it doesn't really go with th... 
Fabregas: Barca are not invincible: Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas intends to drive belief into his side by insis... 
Tevez withdraws request to leave City: Carlos Tevez has withdrawn his request to leave Manchester City. 
Ancelotti challenges Drogba to perform: Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti has challenged Didier Drogba to reignite th... 
City coach Platt: Tevez saga no distraction: Manchester City coach David Platt insists Carlos Tevez's shock dema... 
Draws confuse Hughes: Mark Hughes is at a loss to explain Fulham's costly inability to turn draws into wins this... 
Delph returns to training for Aston Villa: Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph is on the comeback trail after be... 
Pardew hoping to satisfy January wish-list: Newcastle boss Alan Pardew has identified where the squad he inherit... 
Tevez returns to training, talks set for Friday: Want-away Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez has returned to ... 
Hodgson has 'no fear' about Liverpool future: Roy Hodgson insists he has "no fears" over his future as Liverpool... 
Bolton boss Coyle hails match-winner Holden: Bolton boss Owen Coyle believes USA midfielder Stuart Holden can go... 
Premier League: Toon boost, City to joint-top: Newcastle fans vented their fury at Mike Ashley, but Alan Pardew'... 
Ancelotti: I have full backing of Abramovich: Carlo Ancelotti insists he retains the full support of Chelsea own... 
Cesc "could be back" for Utd, Gibbs injured: Arsenal defender Kieran Gibbs will be sidelined for around three we... 
Striker Carroll keen to stay at Newcastle: Andy Carroll has pledged his future to Newcastle United amid speculat... 
Van Persie targets trophy success: Arsenal's players are unwavering in their belief they can finally end the clu... 
Bayern 3-0 FC Basel: Bayern Munich killed off Basel's hopes of progressing to the last 16 of the Champions Leagu... 
Wenger: Arsenal face crucial month: Arsene Wenger says Arsenal are facing a crucial month of fixtures which coul... 
Wenger: Arsenal face crucial month: Arsene Wenger says Arsenal are facing a crucial month of fixtures which coul... 
Twente 3-3 Spurs: Twente 3-3 Spurs 
Koscielny fears dismissed as defender returns: Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny will start Wednesday's Champio... 
FA chief: Redknapp in frame for England job: Football Association general secretary Alex Horne has said Harry Re... 
Cesc Fabregas targets Man Utd comeback: Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas hopes to recover from his hamstring injury... 
Lescott fed up with Man City bench role: Joleon Lescott has admitted he will look to leave Manchester City if he... 
Fergie targets December's vital title fixtures: Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson admits a six-day per... 
Hodgson: Team-mates have helped Cole cope: Roy Hodgson has praised his players for helping Joe Cole through his ... 
Wilkins reaches resolution with Blues: Ray Wilkins has reached what he describes as a "harmonious conclusion" wi... 
UEFA ban Real boss Mourinho for one match: Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has been banned for two UEFA matches ... 
Johnson surprised by rapid Liverpool ascent: Liverpool defender Glen Johnson admits he is shocked at how quickly... 
Di Canio emerges as West Ham candidate: West Ham legend Paolo Di Canio will return to Upton Park for the visit o... 
Chamakh: Braga win can ease Spurs pain: Arsenal striker Marouane Chamakh believes the best way for the Gunners t... 
Premier League: Chelsea slip up, Spurs comeback: A round-up of Saturday's Premier League games. 
Rosicky expects Bendtner to stay at Arsenal: Tomas Rosicky expects Nicklas Bendtner to remain at Arsenal despite... 
Bayern hero Beckenbauer backs Bendtner bid: Bayern Munich legend Franz Beckenbauer says unhappy Arsenal striker ... 
Houllier rules out January swoop for Owen: Aston Villa manager Gerard Houllier insists he has no plans to sign M... 
Torres avoids lengthy injury, will link up with Spain: Liverpool have confirmed that star striker Fernando Torre... 
Hodgson criticises defender Glen Johnson's form: Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson has expressed his disappointment ... 
Disillusioned Jovanovic set to stay: Milan Jovanovic admits he is not playing his natural game under Roy Hodgson... 
Chelsea 1-0 Fulham: Scoring hero Essien sees red: Chelsea 1-0 Fulham: Scoring hero Essien sees red 
Fergie still fired up for 'fantastic' derby: Even at 68 years old, Sir Alex Ferguson says he still feels the pas... 
Silva backs Tevez to shine in the Manchester derby: Manchester City star David Silva has warned Carlos Tevez is ... 
Chelsea star Lampard slams Wayne Rooney critics: Frank Lampard has launched a staunch defence of England team-ma... 
City football administrator tells players to 'wake up': Manchester City football administrator Brian Marwood bel... 
Man Utd 2-1 Wolves: Park Ji-sung struck a stoppage time winner to give Sir Alex Ferguson a perfect 24th annivers... 
Henry: Reds need depth: Liverpool's owner John W Henry has revealed manager Roy Hodgson is fully behind the appo... 
Record-breaking Inzaghi revels in Milan feats: Filippo Inzaghi reached three goalscoring milestones in one match... 
McCarthy bemoans 'weakened team' punishment: Wolves manager Mick McCarthy has said he will not be fielding a weake... 
Benitez would be keen on Bale deal: Rafael Benitez said he would be happy to see Gareth Bale at Inter after he hel... 
Mark Noble out for a month after appendix surgery: West Ham midfielder Mark Noble has been ruled out for up to a m... 
Van der Vaart and Sneijder begin Twitter battle: Tottenham's Rafael van der Vaart and Inter Milan's Wesley Sneijde... 
Ferdinand, Evans miss Turkey trip: Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been ruled out of their Champions ... 
Space Tourism: Will It Be Worth the Money?: For decades it's seemed like a sci-fi fantasy. But thanks to major com... 
Space Tourism: Will It Be Worth the Money?: For decades it's seemed like a sci-fi fantasy. But thanks to major com... 
Wilshere signs 'long-term' contract with Arsenal: Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has been rewarded for his remar... 
Wenger: Arsenal suited to Champions League: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says that the way his side play makes th... 
Song: Young Gunners maturing into challengers: Arsenal midfielder Alex Song believes the Gunners' youngsters are f... 
Blackburn 1-2 Chelsea: Ivanovic at the death: Branislav Ivanovic nodded home a late winner for Barclays Premier Le... 
Liverpool could spend £20m in January: Roy Hodgson says he intends to shop at the highest levels of the transfer m... 
UEFA hit Barca 'keeper Pinto with two-game ban: Barcelona goalkeeper Jose Manuel Pinto has been banned for two gam... 
Rooney injury worse than thought: Sir Alex Ferguson says Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney could be sidelined... 
Prospective Rovers owners clarify ambition talk: The group intending to purchase Blackburn has clarified comments ... 
Owen out for weeks with new hamstring problem: Michael Owen has suffered a fresh hamstring injury and will be out ... 
Barcelona 'keeper Valdes targets Wembley triumph: Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes has revealed his "big dream" ... 
MacBook Air: Apple Applies iPhone, iPad Ideas to Laptops: With sleeker hardware, simpler software and a built-in a... 
Tottenham agree deal for defender Khumalo: Tottenham have announced a pre-contract agreement with SuperSport Unite... 
Parliament warned over state of club ownership: Football club owners are "as impotent as a room of eunuchs'' and t... 
Ireland Braces for Austerity Amid Public Finance Crisis: As economic growth slows and the cost of servicing its de... 
Villa boss Houllier: Petrov out for two months: Aston Villa manager Gerard Houllier has revealed that captain Stil... 
Spurs boss Redknapp denies tapping up Young: Harry Redknapp has laughed off any suggestion Tottenham may have tapp... 
Bolton's Muamba 'regrets' McCarthy tackle: Bolton Wanderers midfielder Fabrice Muamba says he "regrets" the challe... 
West Ham 1-2 Newcastle: Nolan and Carroll deliver: West Ham 1-2 Newcastle: Nolan and Carroll deliver 
Fergie promised £100m in move to assure Rooney: ESPNsoccernet understands that Wayne Rooney signed a new five-year... 
Hodgson insists he will never quit Liverpool: Under-pressure Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson has rubbished speculati... 
UCL: Inter hold off Spurs rally, Nani fires United: Gareth Bale's stunning second-half hat-trick spared 10-man Tot... 
Jose: Rooney 'will stay at Old Trafford for sure': Jose Mourinho has revealed he would be interested in signing Wa... 
Robinho: I'd love to score against Real Madrid: AC Milan new-boy Robinho says that he wants to score against his o... 
Hodgson targets improvement before January: Roy Hodgson says NESV's takeover at Liverpool was "badly needed" but s... 
Hey Baby: A Violent Video Game That's Geared to Women: An online first-person-shooter game offers women the chance... 
Hey Baby: A Violent Video Game That's Geared to Women: An online first-person-shooter game offers women the chance... 
Hey Baby: A Violent Video Game That's Geared to Women: An online first-person-shooter game offers women the chance... 
Aston Villa defender Davies angry with O'Neill: Curtis Davies has criticised Martin O'Neill for damaging his Aston... 
Mancini calls for end to drinking culture at City: Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has warned his young pl... 
Aston Villa 0-0 Chelsea: Blues left frustrated: Aston Villa 0-0 Chelsea: Blues left frustrated 
Reds boss Hodgson welcomes change of ownership: Roy Hodgson says the news that Tom Hicks and George Gillett have f... 
Kolarov and Balotelli Man City returns delayed: Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov's comeback from injury... 
Torres injury boost: Liverpool are hopeful there is a chance star striker Fernando Torres will be fit to start Sun... 
Liverpool decision awaits on Wednesday morning: Judgement on the High Court case involving Royal Bank of Scotland ... 
Inter lose Argentina pair for Tottenham showdown: Inter Milan will be deprived of both Esteban Cambiasso and Diego... 
Sagna set for three weeks on the sidelines: Arsenal and France defender Bacary Sagna expects to be on the sideline... 
Has Walmart's Price Chopping Come to an End?: A new report says that the retail giant's food prices are at nearly ... 
Has Walmart's Price Chopping Come to an End?: A new report says that the retail giant's food prices are at nearly ... 
RBS obtains injunction against Hicks and Gillett: Royal Bank of Scotland has secured an injunction preventing Tom ... 
Corluka determined to rediscover his form: Tottenham Hotspur's Vedran Corluka has suffered a few tough weeks durin... 
Owners will convince Torres to stay - Broughton: Liverpool chairman Martin Broughton believes that potential new o... 
Huddlestone cleared by UEFA over Janko elbow: Tottenham midfielder Tom Huddlestone will not be charged by UEFA for... 
NESV deal is in 'best interests' of Hicks and Gillett: Liverpool's ace card against Tom Hicks and George Gillett i... 
United announce £83.6m losses: Manchester United have confirmed their full-year operating profit stands at a recor... 
Van der Sar set to retire?: Edwin van der Sar is likely to retire from football at the end of the current season, ... 
Van der Sar set to retire?: Edwin van der Sar is likely to retire from football at the end of the current season, ... 
Benayoun out for months with ruptured Achilles: Premier League leaders Chelsea will be without Yossi Benayoun for ... 
Injury rules Chelsea's Alex out for three weeks: Chelsea defender Alex will be unavailable for up to three weeks d... 
Man Utd eye Lindegaard as Van der Sar successor: Manchester United look set to launch a January bid to sign Aalesu... 
Ray Wilkins delighted as Chelsea take the points: Assistant boss Ray Wilkins hailed Chelsea's resilience as the Bl... 
Manchester City 2-1 Newcastle: Johnson stunner: Manchester City 2-1 Newcastle: Johnson stunner 
Redknapp hopeful over Huddlestone elbow: Harry Redknapp says he is hopes that UEFA is not considering charging Tom... 
Wigan 2-0 Wolves: Henry off as visitors slump: Wigan 2-0 Wolves: Henry off as visitors slump 
Tottenham's new stadium approved, Olympic bid: Tottenham's plans for a new stadium with more than 56,000 seats was... 
Are People More Willing to Give Info to Shady Websites?: A new study shows how people are willing to compromise th... 
Are People More Willing to Give Info to Shady Websites?: A new study shows how people are willing to compromise th... 
Are People More Willing to Give Info to Shady Websites?: A new study shows how people are willing to compromise th... 
Are People More Willing to Give Info to Shady Websites?: A new study shows how people are willing to compromise th... 
Are People More Willing to Give Info to Shady Websites?: A new study shows how people are willing to compromise th... 
Are People More Willing to Give Info to Shady Websites?: A new study shows how people are willing to compromise th... 
Everton boss Moyes: We are in relegation battle: Everton boss David Moyes believes his team are involved in a rele... 
Holden signs new contract with Bolton until 2013: Bolton midfielder Stuart Holden has signed a contract extension ... 
Redknapp rewarded for going on the attack: Harry Redknapp was in buoyant mood after his positive tactics helped se... 
Mini's Electric Scooter: Has the Car Brand Gone Too Far?: Mini has unveiled the latest addition to its family: a s... 
Magath believes Schalke are on the right track: Schalke coach Felix Magath believes his side's 2-0 Champions Leagu... 
Spurs 4-1 Twente: Van der Vaart drama: Tottenham's Champions League rollercoaster rattled on as a Jekyll-and-Hyde ... 
Ferguson: Owen has improved since joining United: Sir Alex Ferguson believes Michael Owen has improved since joini... 
Carlo Ancelotti pleased to sit top of the group: Carlo Ancelotti believes Chelsea are in pole position to win Grou... 
Chelsea 2-0 Marseille: Anelka is spot on: Chelsea 2-0 Marseille: Anelka is spot on 
Atletico 'keeper De Gea plays down United link: Atletico Madrid goalkeeper David De Gea has played down suggestion... 
Carrick set for Manchester United return: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick could make his first-team r... 
Kenwright open to ground share with Liverpool: Everton chairman Bill Kenwright says he would consider a possible g... 
Rooney to miss Valencia trip with ankle injury: Wayne Rooney will not travel with the Manchester United squad for ... 
Vidic concerned as United continue to leak goals: Nemanja Vidic is worried that Manchester United's defensive reco... 
Referees' body backs Attwell after Liverpool goal: Stuart Attwell has won the support of the body that governs ref... 
Hamstring blow rules Giggs out of Valencia trip: Sir Alex Ferguson has confirmed that Ryan Giggs will be sidelined... 
Graham: Almunia must be replaced: Former Arsenal manager George Graham says the club will not be able to challenge... 
Premier League: Baggies shoot down Gunners: Chelsea maintained their four-point advantage at the top of the Premie... 
Twente striker Janko: We can beat anybody: Dutch champions FC Twente began their Champions League campaign well wi... 
Hodgson defends Torres and points finger at Nani: Roy Hodgson believes Sir Alex Ferguson's criticism of Fernando T... 
Ferguson blames media glare for Rooney form: Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has revealed that he is c... 
Newcastle's Steve Harper out for three months: Newcastle United goalkeeper Steve Harper will be out of action for ... 
Fergie linked with De Gea after missing cup clash: Sir Alex Ferguson missed Manchester United's Carling Cup victor... 
Purslow rejects claims Liverpool could go bust: Liverpool managing director Christian Purslow has dismissed fears ... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Internet Explorer 9: Microsoft's New Browser Impresses: The new Internet Explorer is an impressive piece of Web so... 
Bowyer apologises for foul-mouthed grandma rant: Lee Bowyer launched a foul-mouthed tirade at West Brom fans durin... 
Sunderland 1-1 Arsenal: Bent at the death: Sunderland 1-1 Arsenal: Bent at the death 
Denilson: Fabregas can fire Gunners to success: Denilson believes Arsenal's 6-0 victory over Braga shows Arsene We... 
Wenger wants TV evidence to punish bad tackles: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes video evidence should be av... 
West Ham confirm Grant to miss Stoke clash: West Ham have confirmed manager Avram Grant will not take charge of th... 
Fergie fears for Valencia's season: Manchester United fear that midfielder Antonio Valencia will miss the remainde... 
Wolves chief insists: We've nothing to apologise for: Wolves chief executive Jez Moxey insists the club have nothi... 
Sandro left at airport as Spurs head for Bremen: Tottenham midfielder Sandro was left at Stansted Airport when the... 
Evans wary of Davis danger: Manchester United defender Jonny Evans is tipping Northern Ireland team-mate Steve Dav... 
Liverpool boss Hodgson defends lacklustre Torres: Liverpool boss Roy Hodgson leapt to the defence of striker Ferna... 
Houllier: My players won Champs Lge for Liverpool: Gerard Houllier has begun his tenure at Aston Villa by claiming... 
Luka Modric given all clear after broken leg fears: Tottenham Hotspur boss Harry Redknapp believes the club may st... 
Neville hates City more than Liverpool: Manchester United defender Gary Neville has launched a thinly veiled attac... 
Allardyce doubts Blackburn takeover will happen: Blackburn boss Sam Allardyce believes it is now "doubtful'' Ahsan... 
Aston Villa confirm Gerard Houllier appointment: Aston Villa have confirmed the appointment of Gerard Houllier. 
Aquilani would have been happy with Reds stay: Alberto Aquilani says he was willing to remain at Liverpool this su... 
Houllier set to be confirmed as new Villa boss: Gerard Houllier is set to be confirmed as the new manager of Aston... 
Bebe 'surprised' to make Champions League squad: Bebe admits he was "surprised" to find his name on the list of 25... 
Bebe included in Fergie's Champions League squad: Manchester United new-boy Bebe has made the club's Champions Lea... 
LMA chief Bevan calls for investment into coaching: Richard Bevan, the chief executive of the League Managers Asso... 
Redknapp admits relief over Dawson injury: Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp admits he was relieved to discover Michae... 
Robinho: Milan and Barca are strongest in Europe: Robinho believes AC Milan and Barcelona are now the two stronges... 
Carragher blames Souness for Liverpool decline: Jamie Carragher believes Graeme Souness is responsible for Liverpo... 
Spurs star Van der Vaart reveals Atletico interest: New Tottenham signing Rafael van der Vaart has revealed that o... 
Lights, Camera, Groceries!: Tesco Supermarket Turns Film Producer: Britain's largest supermarket chain has moved i... 
Lights, Camera, Groceries!: Tesco Supermarket Turns Film Producer: Britain's largest supermarket chain has moved i... 
Toshack: Tottenham rejected 'big-money' Bale bid: Wales boss John Toshack has claimed Tottenham rejected a "big-mo... 
Essien confident Blues will win Champions League: Michael Essien is confident Chelsea will end their long wait for... 
PFA chief Taylor: Squad rules need to be tightened: PFA chief executive Gordon Taylor has claimed that new Premier... 
Study: Young, Single, Childless Women Earn More Than Men: Study: Women are earning more money than their male peer... 
Study: Young, Single, Childless Women Earn More Than Men: Study: Women are earning more money than their male peer... 
Study: Young, Single, Childless Women Earn More Than Men: Study: Women are earning more money than their male peer... 
Van der Vaart pride at Spurs 'transfer': Tottenham Hotspur are still waiting to hear if they have secured the serv... 
Spurs hopeful of late deal for Rafael van der Vaart: Reports in Spain claim that Tottenham Hotspur have beaten the... 
Champions League draw: Spurs get Inter: Champions League group stage draw. 
West Ham to let Cole go, Doni deal?: West Ham expect a last minute bid from Liverpool for Carlton Cole after Roy H... 
Sunderland in talks with Rennes over Gyan: Sunderland have opened transfer negotiations with Ligue 1 club Rennes o... 
Stoke reject Chelsea offer for goalkeeper Begovic: Stoke chairman Peter Coates has revealed the club have rejected... 
Premier League: Wigan stun Spurs, top three win: Manchester United kept the pressure on both Arsenal and Chelsea a... 
Hammers and Blues chase Trezeguet - agent: The agent of former France international David Trezeguet claims Birming... 
Rangers play down talk of trouble: Rangers Supporters Trust chairman Stephen Smith has moved quickly to quash any ... 
Mancini says Barcelona and AC Milan want Robinho: Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini has confirmed AC Milan and ... 
The Case Against Homeownership: Buying a house is supposed to make us better citizens, better investors and better... 
The Case Against Homeownership: Buying a house is supposed to make us better citizens, better investors and better... 
The Case Against Homeownership: Buying a house is supposed to make us better citizens, better investors and better... 
The Case Against Homeownership: Buying a house is supposed to make us better citizens, better investors and better... 
The Case Against Homeownership: Buying a house is supposed to make us better citizens, better investors and better... 
Stoke warn Chelsea against new Begovic bid: Stoke chairman Peter Coates has warned Chelsea against making a fresh ... 
Howard Webb: I should have sent off De Jong: World Cup final referee Howard Webb has admitted he should have sent o... 
Mark Hurd: Who Will Hire the Ousted Hewlett-Packard CEO?: An ethical lapse cost the highly respected CEO his job a... 
Mark Hurd: Who Will Hire the Ousted Hewlett-Packard CEO?: An ethical lapse cost the highly respected CEO his job a... 
Bradley reiterates interest in vacant Villa job: USA coach Bob Bradley has confirmed his interest in the vacant As... 
Fergie risks Premier League wrath over BBC snub: The Premier League and Sir Alex Ferguson appear on a collision co... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Primary Care Doctors: Saying No To $191,000 A Year: Primary-care doctor shortage will soon be acute as debt-laden ... 
Sidibe snaps Achilles, may miss rest of season: Stoke manager Tony Pulis has revealed striker Mamady Sidibe could ... 
Stoke 1-2 Tottenham: Foy controversy: Stoke 1-2 Tottenham: Foy controversy 
Baggies confirm Odemwingie and Tchoyi signings: West Brom have completed the double signing of Lokomotiv Moscow fo... 
Stoke sign Jon Walters from Ipswich for £2.75m: Stoke have signed of Jonathan Walters from Ipswich for an initial ... 
Ferguson: I have never watched Bebe play: Sir Alex Ferguson admits Manchester United's new signing Bebe was even a... 
Ferguson praises Scholes after masterful display: After watching Paul Scholes produce a superb performance in Manc... 
David Seaman: Arsenal need Given or Schwarzer: Arsenal legend David Seaman has claimed that the club need to buy a... 
Liverpool 1-1 Arsenal: Reina's late blunder: Jose Reina's late howler enabled Arsenal to snatch a draw from a thri... 
Maradona interested in vacant Villa post?: Diego Maradona has set his sights on a sensational switch to Aston Vill... 
Tottenham 0-0 Man City: Hart shines at Lane: Tottenham 0-0 Man City: Hart shines at Lane 
Blatter delight at success of first African World Cup: FIFA president Sepp Blatter has spoken of his delight at the... 
Is the Google-Verizon Plan a Setback for Net Neutrality?: A controversial Google-Verizon plan would allow Internet... 
Is the Google-Verizon Plan a Setback for Net Neutrality?: A controversial Google-Verizon plan would allow Internet... 
Is the Google-Verizon Plan a Setback for Net Neutrality?: A controversial Google-Verizon plan would allow Internet... 
Is the Google-Verizon Plan a Setback for Net Neutrality?: A controversial Google-Verizon plan would allow Internet... 
Will Europe's Bank Stress Tests Bring Calm or Spread More Fear?: On Friday, the E.U. will publish the results of i... 
In Ice Cream Sales, No Sign of a Double Dip: Despite the recession, dessert lovers aren't cutting back 
Housing Market Sees Widespread Price Cutting: A new report on the nation's housing market reveals that sellers are... 
World Cup final hat intruder handed £175 fine: A fan who tried grabbing the World Cup trophy minutes before Sunday'... 
World Cup victory fuels Cuellar Spain ambition: Aston Villa defender Carlos Cuellar admits Spain's World Cup triump... 
Ecstatic Spain players overjoyed with final triumph: Ecstatic Spanish players have spoken over their joy at overcom... 
Netherlands star Robben playing through pain barrier: Netherlands star Arjen Robben admits he is still some way sho... 
Sunday Mirror journalist agrees to pay fine: Simon Wright of the Sunday Mirror will be able to leave South Africa a... 
Platini out of hospital after receiving all-clear: UEFA president Michel Platini was released from hospital on Satu... 
Xavi: Spain must be more ruthless: Xavi believes Spain need to address their lack of potency in front of goal ahead... 
Marchena: World Cup win is Spain's 'destiny': While pundits mull over tactics and selections, Spain defender Carlos... 
Suarez focused on claiming third: Uruguay striker Luis Suarez is ignoring the furore over his handball against Ghan... 
England's Webb to referee World Cup final: England's Howard Webb will referee the World Cup final between Netherlan... 
FIFA considers fans compensation: FIFA will consider compensation for hundreds of fans who missed Spain's World Cup... 
Del Bosque hails 'extraordinary' players : Spain coach Vicente del Bosque has said his team were "extraordinary" af... 
Gianluigi Buffon claims Italy lacked experience: Gianluigi Buffon has pinpointed a lack of experience as one of the... 
FIFA firm over government intervention: Andrew Warshaw explains why FIFA remain so firmly opposed to government int... 
Ghana players return to heroes welcome: Ghana players and coaching staff were given a rapturous reception as they r... 
Stekelenburg hails Suarez save: Maarten Stekelenburg says Luis Suarez deserves the title of the World Cup's best go... 
Fit-again Mathijsen focused on victory : Defender Joris Mathijsen believes Netherlands can become world champions f... 
On the attack: Germany manager Joachim Low described his side's 4-0 annihilation of Argentina in the quarter-finals... 
Par 0-1 Esp: Fabregas looking ahead to semi: Spain midfielder Cesc Fabregas insists that Spain are aware of the tas... 
Germans winning over neutrals: Jayaditya Gupta enjoyed watching an improving Germany advance to the semi-finals. 
Melo unhappy with Robben behaviour: Felipe Melo has claimed the referee was "too harsh" following his dismissal aga... 
Diego: We don't need Hand of God: Diego Maradona says Argentina "will not need the Hand of God, because it is the w... 
Unpaid Summer Internships on Rise As Work Turns Menial: For America's college students, the 2010 summer-intern pro... 
Unpaid Summer Internships on Rise As Work Turns Menial: For America's college students, the 2010 summer-intern pro... 
Ghana could be without seven first-team players: Ghana could be without seven members of their first-team squad as ... 
Capello's future to be confirmed in days: Fabio Capello is staying on as England manager, Soccernet can reveal, and... 
Pele reopens war of words with Maradona: Brazil legend Pele has launched a scathing new attack on Diego Maradona, b... 
Financial Advisers, Losing Clients, Revamp Strategies: Rocky financial markets and low investment returns have dri... 
Muller: England have too many 'alpha males': Germany's Thomas Muller has hit out at England's preparations for last... 
Paraguay 'keeper seeking to stifle Spain: Goalkeeper Justo Villar has promised Paraguay will seek to constrict a st... 
Ask Norman: Squad lists and stoppers: Soccernet's resident anorak, Norman Hubbard, answers your questions about Wor... 
Not so Fab after all: Following the World Cup second round, a fired up Fifth Official has Fabio Capello, Sepp Blatt... 
Blatter suggests FIFA may shift its stance: Sepp Blatter has suggested that FIFA could backtrack on its decision to... 
Malouda admits going on strike was a "disaster": Florent Malouda has admitted that the France squad should never ha... 
No change to World Cup allocations - FIFA: FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke said there would be no review of Wo... 
Arg 3-1 Mex: Maradona rejects injustice talk: Carlos Tevez said he was delighted after scoring a brace to hand Arge... 
Capello will not resign: Fabio Capello has said he will not resign after England exited the World Cup at the second... 
Uruguay 2-1 South Korea: Suarez double: Uruguay 2-1 South Korea: Suarez double 
Cacau ruled out of England clash: Germany will be without striker Cacau when they face England in the second round ... 
Portugal 0-0 Brazil: Dour stalemate: Brazil and Portugal drew 0-0 as one of the most eagerly anticipated games in t... 
Low prepared for crunch Ghana clash: Germany coach Joachim Low says 'fitness with a capital F' will be key to his s... 
Capello blasts Terry 'mistake': Under-pressure Fabio Capello  has accused John Terry of making ''a very big mistake... 
Ghana allow Muntari to remain after apology: Sulley Muntari has been allowed to remain with the Ghana squad after a... 
Ita 1-1 Nzl: Lippi bemoans approach: Italy coach Marcello Lippi has bemoaned his teams poor defending and inability... 
Ronaldo vows to find scoring touch: Portugal forward Cristiano Ronaldo is "not concerned'' by his ongoing struggles... 
Domenech would have forgiven Anelka rant: France coach Raymond Domenech has admitted he would have been prepared to... 
Anelka sent home from finals: France striker Nicolas Anelka has been sent home from the World Cup, the French Footb... 
Fans hit back after Rooney slams boos: England supporters have defended their right to boo the team after Friday's ... 
Neill talks up high stakes encounter: Socceroos captain Lucas Neill has labelled Saturday night's Group D clash wit... 
Brazil's Robinho backs Kaka to come good : Kaka is still crucial to Brazil's hopes of a sixth World Cup crown, acco... 
Portugal to appeal Ronaldo booking: Portugal have asked FIFA to overturn Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Iv... 
Honduras 0-1 Chile: Beausejour winner: Jean Beausejour's fortuitous goal earned Chile a 1-0 win over Honduras in t... 
Argentina score a dream goal in Germany - June 16: Track finals history with Cris Freddi's World Cup On This Day. 
Lippi set for tactical tinkering: Roberto Gotta believes Marcello Lippi will tinker with his team in search of a b... 
French legend Zidane: Domenech is not a coach: Former France captain Zinedine Zidane has became the latest person ... 
Fabio Capello defends decisions: Fabio Capello insists England's World Cup campaign is on track despite Saturday's... 
Taylor: Socceroos fail to compete with Germany: Brett Taylor is far from shocked Australia's 4-6-0 formation faile... 
Germany 4-0 Australia: Socceroos run ragged: Germany 4-0 Australia: Socceroos run ragged 
Serbia 0-1 Ghana: Gyan's penalty tonic: Zdravko Kuzmanovic's stupid handball gifted Ghana a penalty in the final s... 
Bonetti: Stick with Green: Former England goalkeeper Peter Bonetti has said he hopes Fabio Capello will give the u... 
Gattuso to retire from Italy after World Cup: Italy midfielder Gennaro Gattuso will retire from international duty... 
Jabulani provides no joy in bore draw: The Cape Town crowd kept Jayaditya Gupta awake as Urugay and France failed ... 
Game Changer: PlayStation Makes a Move on the Wii: After test-driving the new motion-control system, we at T... 
World Cup - Opening Ceremony: Chat on the World Cup and follow the Opening Ceremony from 1230BST. 
McDonald's 'Shrek' Glasses: How to Run a Recall: Yes, the McDonald's recall of its Shrek-themed drinking glasses, ... 
Gerrard urges England to stay disciplined: Fabio Capello has impressed on England the need to maintain their disci... 
North Korea faces World Cup TV blackout: South Korea are reportedly refusing to provide North Korea with TV covera... 
Australia and New Zealand are Oceans apart: Brett Taylor examines the prospects for Australia and New Zealand at t... 
Donovan relishing England battle: Andrew Warshaw finds out why Landon Donovan believes beating England could be ma... 
Fabio Capello snaps at photographers: England coach Fabio Capello blasted a group of photographers prior to Wednes... 
Ivory Coast draw final warm-up game: Ivory Coast completed their World Cup warm-up campaign with a disappointing 1... 
Andrea Pirlo targets Italy's final group game: Italy playmaker Andrea Pirlo has described his progress following a... 
Patrice Evra reveals past racist abuse: New France captain Patrice Evra is happy to be back in Africa - but has re... 
Where the Wealthy (and Scared) Invest: U.S. Trust Advice: An interview with Joseph Quinlan, the chief investment s... 
Where the Wealthy (and Scared) Invest: U.S. Trust Advice: An interview with Joseph Quinlan, the chief investment s... 
England cruise to Platinum Stars win: England came through an unimpressive but injury-free 3-0 victory over South ... 
Could Forst, Weinberg or Cohn Be Next Goldman Sachs CEO?: If Goldman Sachs settles with the Securities and Exchang... 
Trouble mars Nigeria-North Korea friendly: A police officer has been seriously injured in a stampede which forced ... 
Ghana coach Rajevac impressed by Boateng: Kevin-Prince Boateng could have done enough to secure himself a starting... 
Messi vows to be on form in South Africa: FIFA World Player of the Year Lionel Messi has vowed to transform his cl... 
Veteran Lee handed South Korea No.1 jersey: Veteran goalkeeper Lee Woon-Jae underlined his place as South Korea's ... 
Martinez: Favouritism is Spain's big opponent: Wigan boss and proud Spaniard Roberto Martinez believes Spain has t... 
Barry takes part in England training session: Gareth Barry took part in training with England on Friday morning as... 
Dunga responds in ball row: Dunga has criticised Jerome Valcke after the FIFA chief suggested Brazil's complaints ... 
Bastos wants to showcase talent for Brazil: Brazil full-back Michel Bastos says that he wants to make everyone awa... 
Honduras 0-0 Azerbaijan: Finalists misfire: Honduras still appear to have plenty of work left to do in the final d... 
Ghana coach defiant after Netherlands defeat: Ghana coach Milovan Rajevac has said his Ghana squad cannot let thei... 
Bradley focuses on 'huge' England clash: USA coach Bob Bradley is expecting a tough Group C at the World Cup where... 
World Cup 2010, Group D: Nick Bidwell and Kevin Palmer have the lowdown on every team at the World Cup. 
McCarthy omitted from final South Africa squad: South Africa's all-time leading goalscorer Benni McCarthy has been... 
Capello: Three places available in England squad: Fabio Capello has admitted that there are still three places up ... 
FIFA drops investigation into Triesman row: FIFA will not continue to investigate controversial comments made by L... 
Denmark hopeful over Kjaer knee injury: Denmark remain hopeful Simon Kjaer will be fit for the World Cup finals af... 
UEFA approves financial rules: UEFA has approved plans to force clubs in European competition to only spend what t... 
Belarus 2-2 Honduras: Welcome finish: Belarus 2-2 Honduras: Welcome finish 
West Ham bids rejected for Piquionne and Yakubu: West Ham had an opening bid for Yakubu turned down on Wednesday a... 
Fernando Torres returns to training with Spain: Fernando Torres is on course to be back to full fitness for the Wo... 
Capello: I'm happy to stay: England coach Fabio Capello has rubbished reports that he is being lined up to replace... 
Few surprises as Bradley names USA squad: USA head coach Bob Bradley sprang few surprises when he named his 23-man... 
Hicks: Our ownership has improved Liverpool: Liverpool co-owner Tom Hicks has vociferously defended his record at ... 
Can Obama Control Oil-Spill Political Damage?: As BP tries to plug the spill, the White House tried to control a s... 
King not keen on new role: Ledley King has said he is unlikely to fill the defensive midfield role if Gareth Barry... 
Housing Market: U.S. Home Prices Show Signs of Revival: For the first time in years, it appears, now is actually a... 
Is Rand Paul Crazier Than Anyone Else in D.C.?: The media mock libertarians and other candidates outside the mains... 
Kagan Blasted for Praising Liberal Israeli Judge: A potential flashpoint in Supreme Court nomination hearings: the... 
Birmingham close in on £6m Nikola Zigic deal: Birmingham City have reportedly agreed a £6 million deal to sign Ser... 
Adam Johnson eager to win place in squad: Adam Johnson has revealed his determination to convince Fabio Capello he... 
Verbeek cuts three from World Cup squad: Australia coach Pim Verbeek has moved a step closer to naming his final s... 
Barca misfit Hleb advises Fab to stay at Arsenal: Former Arsenal star Alexander Hleb has urged Cesc Fabregas to th... 
On 'American Idol,' Simon Cowell's Cruel Streak: In our culture of meanness, prickly Simon Cowell is a patron sain... 
The Existential Nature of 'Lost': A response to our Josh Alston's 'Lost' wrapup: There's a real, existential meani... 
'Lost' Finale Encapsulated the Show's Essence: The Lost finale will cause endless debate. In that way, it was a pe... 
Moratti wants "unforgettable" Mourinho to stay: Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti has offered his sincere than... 
Can a Pill Help Women Reach Orgasm?: A provocative new documentary targets Big Pharma's quest for a female Viagra 
Rain puts Ibrahimovic off Premier League move: Barcelona striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic looks unlikely to move to the ... 
Low puts faith in Khedira to replace Ballack: Germany coach Joachim Low has revealed that Stuttgart midfielder Sam... 
'My work is done,' reveals Mourinho: Inter Milan boss Jose Mourinho appears even more certain to leave the club fo... 
Sneijder: Robben cannot be Inter's only focus: Inter Milan midfielder Wesley Sneijder has warned his team-mates ag... 
France star Diarra left sick by World Cup blow: The French Football Federation revealed on Saturday that Real Madr... 
Financial Reform Bill Full of Loopholes: The financial-reform bill will do its part to save the economy—by creatin... 
Is Rima Fakih Moderate Because She Wore a Bikini?: Is Rima Fakih a Westernized Muslim just because she wore a bath... 
Arsenal complete signing of striker Chamakh: Arsenal completed the signing of long-term target Marouane Chamakh as... 
Cesar: Mourinho's reputation 'scares' opponents: Inter Milan goalkeeper Julio Cesar believes his manager Jose Mour... 
Birmingham fined £10k over derby penalty fury: Birmingham have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association afte... 
Anthony Bourdain Returns to Lebanon: The travel-and-food guru Anthony Bourdain was filming his show in Lebanon whe... 
Why Birth Moms Deserve Respect: Why all the conversations about adoption leave out a key player. 
Oil Rig Explosion Unleashes a Gusher of Lawsuits: The ecological disaster in the Gulf of Mexico will likely lead t... 
Milner not distracted by £20m Man City bid: James Milner does not know if he expects to be at Aston Villa next sea... 
France reach agreement to bring in Blanc: Laurent Blanc will become France head coach following the World Cup fina... 
How Mark Critz Won: Following Dems Playbook: By following a national playbook in local congressional races, the De... 
How Robots Help Stop the Gulf Oil Spill: Deep beneath the gulf, robots are the key to stopping the oil spill. 
Portsmouth offer key players new contracts: Portsmouth have confirmed new contracts have been offered to England g... 
How Europe Will Triumph Over the Debt Crisis: Things are pretty bad these days for the economies of Europe. But th... 
United boss Ferguson looking for "one signing": Fergie unlikely to spend big Ferguson only looking for one signing... 
Why Can't Rome Protect Its Cultural Treasures?: Rome's ancient treasures attract tons of tourism. So why won't the... 
Why DNA Doesn't Always Predict Disease: When it comes to predicting risk of disease, Alzheimer's genes—and others—... 
Platini: England bid can recover: UEFA president Michel Platini has offered his support to ousted FA chief Lord Tr... 
City preparing bid for Benfica defender Luiz: Manchester City are preparing to make their move for Benfica defende... 
'Law & Order': A Show to Set Your Watch By: Yeah, it's formulaic. You know exactly when Guest Star Who Represents ... 
FIFA seek answers over Triesman 'bribe' claims: FIFA has requested the English Football Association to provide a r... 
An Israeli Spy Defends His Palestinian Informer: The Israeli secret agent who turned the son of Hamas's leader int... 
Franck Ribery to miss final as CAS reject appeal: Bayern Munich's appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CA... 
Mancini determined to challenge for the title: Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has set his sights on the P... 
Germany captain Ballack out of World Cup: Michael Ballack has been ruled out of the World Cup with an ankle injury... 
Lampard: Ancelotti now on a par with Mourinho: Frank Lampard believes Carlo Ancelotti now sits alongside Jose Mour... 
FA chief Triesman in World Cup 'bribe' storm: The Football Association is refusing to comment on a report that its... 
Jonathan Alter: Obama, Year One, The Promise: The first of 10 "AFPAK" meetings came on Sept. 13, when the presiden... 
Agent: Roma interested in Yossi Benayoun: Yossi Benayoun is attracting interest from Serie A title challengers Rom... 
Sorensen expecting to be ready for World Cup: Denmark goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen is confident of being fit for the... 
Everton receive positive update on injured Gosling: Everton have received some encouraging news regarding the like... 
England 'motivator' Beckham to return early: England World Cup ambassador David Beckham expects to make his return... 
Why Don't More Medical Discoveries Become Cures?: How the road from promising scientific breakthrough to real-worl... 
Beckham factor dwarfs his rivals: Andrew Warshaw reports from Zurich as David Beckham does his bit for England's 2... 
Economy: Can the Recovery Keep on Trucking?: What trucking statistics—yes, trucking—can tell us about the economy. 
E.U. Farm Subsidies: Agriculture Benefits Raise Eyebrows: As the E.U. releases details of who earned agricultural ... 
Ferguson: We should be in Champions League final: Sir Alex Ferguson says the early Champions League exit was the b... 
Fergie expects Ferdinand to be fit for summer: Sir Alex Ferguson expects Rio Ferdinand to shake off his fitness pr... 
Russia Reverses Eastern European Setbacks: The democratic revolutions in former Soviet republics like Georgia and ... 
Slovakia's Skrtel hopeful over World Cup fitness: Slovakia defender Martin Skrtel says he is optimistic of being f... 
Law: Berbatov has failed to live up to reputation: Manchester United striker Dimitar Berbatov has failed to live u... 
NEWSWEEK's Gay Actors Story: The Debate Continues: As people in the blogosphere and beyond hotly debate a NEWSWEEK... 
Tea Party Could Upset Kentucky's GOP Primary: Mitch McConnell's handpicked candidate is in primary trouble, illust... 
England's Terry suffers World Cup injury blow: John Terry has been taken to hospital with a bad blow to his foot t... 
Oil Spill Raises Questions About Arctic Drilling: With exploratory drilling—the same kind BP was doing in the Gulf... 
Rueda names 23-man Honduras squad: Honduras coach Reinaldo Rueda has named his 23-man World Cup squad and seven re... 
What Kagan's 'Socialism' Says About Her: Does Kagan's "Socialism" thesis reveal her as … a moderate? 
After Dow Crash: How to Prevent Stock Market Meltdowns: The near 1,000-point dive in the Dow Jones industrial aver... 
Sunderland sign Paraguay international Riveros: Sunderland have completed the signing of Paraguayan midfielder Cri... 
Slovakia gamble on injured trio: Slovakia coach Vladimir Weiss was forced to gamble on the fitness of a trio of pl... 
A-League a pointer to the future: Brett Taylor assesses Australia's World Cup squad and the dearth of current A-Le... 
Travel Avenger: Why Shorter Flights May Not Be Cheaper: TIME.com's Travel Avenger takes up a reader question about... 
Reina urges Liverpool owners to sell quickly: Liverpool goalkeeper Jose Reina believes it is "vital'' the club's A... 
Gordon Brown's Worst Enemy? His Personality.: The outgoing prime minister had one enemy more powerful than all the... 
Google Goggles App: Point-and-Shoot Translation: The company's newest app, available to the public on May 6, provi... 
Carragher to be named in England finals squad: ESPNsoccernet understands that Jamie Carragher will be handed an En... 
Kuyt still in dark but expects Benitez to stay: Dirk Kuyt expects Rafael Benitez to remain at Liverpool but admits... 
Arizona's Stupid But Useful Immigration Law: Its aggressive law could spur action. 
Herbert reveals New Zealand World Cup squad: New Zealand are the first nation to reveal their final 2010 World Cup... 
Premier League: Record-breaking Chelsea win title: Carlo Ancelotti's Chelsea won the Premier League title in style... 
France Today Looks Like France of Vichy Times: Seventy years ago, the Nazis conquered France. Since then, the coun... 
Injury puts Kewell's World Cup hopes in doubt: Harry Kewell has emerged as an injury doubt for the World Cup just ... 
53 Hours: Faisal Shahzad's Near Disaster: Frustrated sons of privilege, caught between East and West, sometimes ma... 
David Rhode Saw Radicalization of Young Taliban: David Rhode, the New York Times reporter taken hostage in Afghani... 
David Cameron Will Get More Than He Bargained For: David Cameron will probably be the next prime minister. He'll s... 
David Obey's Retirement Leaves Void on Capitol Hil: Rep. David Obey's Retirement Will Be Felt Acutely In Congress. 
Sneijder hopeful of making Champs League final: Wesley Sneijder has played down fears he may miss the Champions Le... 
Chile 2-0 Trinidad & Tobago: Morales nets: Chile strolled to a 2-0 victory over Trinidad and Tobago in a friendly ... 
The New Iraqi Government Could Alienate Sunnis: Iraq's post-election tumult may be coming to end—making Sunnis nos... 
Faisal Shahzad Was Stopped By Good Police Work: The Faisal Shahzad case shows how clever reconnaissance and good p... 
Bayern go to CAS after Ribery appeal rejected: Bayern Munich midfielder Franck Ribery will miss the Champions Leag... 
David Meyler to see specialist over knee injury: Sunderland midfielder David Meyler is to see a specialist after i... 
Can Colleges Be Prosecuted as Crack Houses?: Everyone knows drug use happens on campuses, but can administrators b... 
No regrets for Sir Alex as title climax looms: Sir Alex Ferguson will not torture himself by wondering where it we... 
Algeria name initial squad for World Cup: Algeria coach Rabah Saadane sprang few surprises when naming his prelimi... 
Laurent Blanc offered France job - report: Bordeaux coach Laurent Blanc has been offered the chance to replace Ray... 
The United-Continental Merger: Bad for Consumers?: The proposed merger of United Airlines and Continental, if appr... 
Redknapp believes Tevez price was 'a bit much': Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp says he can understand why Sir Alex ... 
Can we stop bombs made from hardware store?: If you can make explosives out of regular consumer products, is there... 
Obama Likely To Pick a Woman For Supreme Court: President Obama knows he can't reshape the Supreme Court ideologic... 
Nigeria left with $250,000 bill for hotel switch: The Nigerian national team have rejected their base hotel in Dur... 
Real Estate Agents, Buyers Cut Deals for Tax Credit: In the final hours for the homebuyers' tax credit, real estat... 
Real Estate Agents, Buyers Cut Deals for Tax Credit: In the final hours for the homebuyers' tax credit, real estat... 
Back to the Future: $100 Oil May Return Soon: Oil prices have remained stable in recent months, but that could soo... 
Sunderland 0-1 Man Utd: Nani keeps United in hunt: Sunderland 0-1 Man Utd: Nani keeps United in hunt 
Gerrard: Liverpool determined to beat Chelsea: Steven Gerrard insists Liverpool have no intention of allowing Chel... 
The Appeal—and Danger—of War Porn: Videos depicting the gruesome deaths of enemy soldiers—and civilians—have taken... 
How Gulf Accident Hampers Offshore Drilling: How the Deep Horizon accident seriously hampers offshore drilling. 
Mourinho wins over Italian press: Italy's media hailed Inter Milan's heroics on Thursday after they eliminated hol... 
Goldman: It's About What's Legal: Wall Street only worries about what's legal, not what's fair or ethical. 
Reina demands additions to Liverpool squad: Liverpool goalkeeper Jose Reina admits the strength of Liverpool's squ... 
Ariel Ortega handed surprise recall to Argentina squad: Diego Maradona has handed veteran forward Ariel Ortega an ... 
United midfielder Fletcher refuses to concede title: Manchester United midfielder Darren Fletcher is not ready to ... 
Rebalancing the Global Economy: Rich nations must sell to the poor. 
FactCheck: False Political Claims Spread Through Twitter: For politicians, 140 characters is more than enough to m... 
Football League stalls on parachute payment plans: Plans to extend parachute payments to relegated Premier League ... 
Amateur midfielder targets World Cup spot: Team Wellington midfielder Andy Barron is on target to be one of the fe... 
How Black Blogs Covered Sanda Bullock's Adoption: Black blogs cover a far more diverse range of stories than the r... 
Jubilant Mourinho salutes his team: Inter Milan midfielder Wesley Sneijder revealed manager Jose Mourinho had been... 
Premier League clarifies "weakened team" rules: The Premier League has confirmed that top flight clubs will be all... 
Deny Visas to Corrupt Russian Bureaucrats: Russia seems incapable of punishing the corrupt bureaucrats in its rank... 
Guardiola resists Mourinho's mind games: Pep Guardiola is ignoring Jose Mourinho's notorious mind games as Barcelo... 
Zoonoses: When Animal Diseases Attack: Animal-based diseases account for 75 percent of newly emerging infections, ... 
Robben wants Mourinho reunion in Madrid: Bayern Munich striker Arjen Robben wants a reunion with fellow Dutch inte... 
From "Glee" to "Promises, Promises": Heterosexual actors play gay all the time. Why doesn't it ever work in reverse? 
Pulis upset after Stoke bust-up leaked to press: Tony Pulis has expressed his disappointment after news of a dress... 
Puel refuses to entertain idea of penalty shootout: Lyon coach Claude Puel is convinced there will be no need for ... 
Naked News: We're Still Prudes! Even at the Museum: Is a museum's white-walled context the only thing that separat... 
Birmingham pay Seymour Pierce outstanding fee: Investment bank Seymour Pierce have confirmed that Birmingham owner... 
Bosses back Campbell and King for World Cup: Sol Campbell and Ledley King have both been tipped by their managers ... 
Will More Financial Regulation Prevent Another Crisis?: Will the financial regulatory bill prevent another panic? 
Do Women Hate Their Bodies More Than Men Do?: Research on bulimia raises provocative questions about why women hat... 
World Cup boost as Sorensen avoids surgery: Thomas Sorensen is expected to be fit for the World Cup finals after S... 
Inter hit by Sneijder blow ahead of Barca return: Wesley Sneijder is set to miss the second leg of Inter Milan's C... 
Burnley 0-4 Liverpool: Gerrard relegates Clarets: Two goals from captain Steven Gerrard, a first Liverpool strike ... 
London's Newspaper Club Start-Up: DIY Print Publishing: As the newspaper industry fights to hold its own against t... 
Hull City 0-1 Sunderland: Tigers all but down: Hull City 0-1 Sunderland: Tigers all but down 
How Madonna Makes It Easier to Turn 40: Kelley: How the Material Girl makes it easier to turn 40. 
How Hillary Found Her Groove With Obama: Clinton's played the heavy with Iran, Russia, and even Israel—and her som... 
Hull City "receive £10m of parachute payments": Concern over Hull City's finances are set to intensify after the H... 
Nick Clegg, Britain's Next Prime Minister?: Dark-horse candidate Nick Clegg is poised to upend the U.K's two-party... 
Steve Schmidt Says No to Party of Palin: McCain's campaign manager says the GOP should shy away from the closed-mi... 
'South Park' Muhammad Episode Sparks Rage—Again: Wednesday's 'South Park' episode was so controversial, it gleaned... 
NFL Draft: Red Carpet Hype Moves to Prime Time on ESPN: The NFL draft has become a cultural event in and of itself... 
Robben apologises for substitution frustration: Bayern Munich winger Arjen Robben has apologised after responding ... 
Netanyahu Hints at East Jerusalem Compromise: Netanyahu hints at compromise, but idea could fall short. 
Hull chief Pearson hits out at predecessor Duffen: Hull chairman Adam Pearson has launched a scathing attack on pr... 
The Case Against Goldman Sachs: The SEC charges that the once golden Wall Street firm misled its investors. How th... 
Algeria striker Matmour targets finals upsets: Algeria striker Karim Matmour has hailed the "unbelievable potentia... 
Bayern shocked by Ribery red: Bayern Munich officials and players have spoken of their suprise at referee Roberto ... 
Kyrgyzstan: Foreign Adoptions in Long Limbo: After two years, prospective parents hoping to adopt children trapped... 
Hull 0-2 Aston Villa: Tigers' drop fears deepen: Aston Villa boosted their Champions League hopes and dealt Hull's... 
'SATC2' Flaunts Sarah Jessica Parker's Designs: Sarah Jessica Parker falls for a new guy in 'SATC2'—at least a new... 
Richard Clarke: Can the U.S. Win a Cyberwar?: Richard Clarke on why the U.S. is dangerously ill prepared to defend... 
Everton midfielder Fellaini facing assault probe: Detectives are investigating claims that Everton midfielder Maro... 
Adams: The South Africa Angle, April 21: The South Africa Angle reports on the sex scandal that has rocked French ... 
Toothless Messi sends Inter's Maicon to dentist: Barcelona striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic said after the his side's Ch... 
'American Idiot,' Green Day's Show--Theater Review: The acclaimed Green Day album comes to the stage, and drags ro... 
Travel: European Railroads Kept Continent Moving: Iceland's volcano may have disrupted global air traffic, but Eur... 
Moratti: Fear of Barca can drive Inter to succeed: Inter Milan president Massimo Moratti has admitted that his sid... 
Kewell targets place in Australia finals squad: Galatasaray winger Harry Kewell is still confident that he can win... 
Careers: Tweet Your Way to a Better Job: Can you Tweet and social-network your way to a new job or a promotion? 
Sullivan praises "magnificent" West Ham fans: West Ham co-owner David Sullivan has described the club's travelling... 
The Cost of Europe's Volcanic Ash Travel Crisis: As the cloud of volcanic ash hanging over Europe dissipates, E.U.... 
What Happens if Sanctions Don't Contain Iran?: If sanctions can't contain Iran, how transparent should Washington ... 
Oklahoma City Survivors on McVeigh Tapes: The airing of previously unreleased audiotapes of Timothy McVeigh rouses... 
Nakazawa: Japan can't afford to be scared: Japan captain Yuji Nakazawa believes his side must show "courage" to ma... 
Portsmouth 1-2 Aston Villa: Delfouneso nicks it: Portsmouth 1-2 Aston Villa: Delfouneso nicks it 
Mother of the Year? Not Me.: Eight ways my son is torturing me. 
Dowie told Hull players 'home truths' after defeat: Iain Dowie revealed he held a "no-holds-barred" meeting with t... 
Veteran Frings hits out at Germany boss Low: Werder Bremen midfielder Torsten Frings took a swipe at Germany coach... 
Wenger: Chamakh has a "good chance" of deal: Arsene Wenger has given a clear indication that Marouane Chamakh coul... 
Eto'o geared up for Barcelona after Juve victory: Samuel Eto'o says Inter Milan are now preparing to "write histor... 
Blackburn target Lewandowski cancels trip to UK: The volcanic ash from Iceland that has grounded all flights in an... 
Rick Perry, Texas, and the Appeal of the Past: What Gov. Rick Perry's hard-right turn says about America in the ag... 
Van Gaal blasts Lyon league postponement: Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal wants UEFA to force their Champions L... 
What It's Like to Fly Through Volcanic Ash: A veteran pilot talks about what it's like to fly through volcanic ash... 
SEC Charges: Did Goldman Sachs Cheat Its Customers?: The SEC's lawsuit shows how Goldman Sachs put its own interes... 
Bruce: Cattermole unlikely to be risked again: Sunderland boss Steve Bruce may not risk midfielder Lee Cattermole ... 
Eric Massa's Alleged Behavior Abetted by Capitol Culture: Why were complaints about Rep. Eric Massa not made publi... 
Sex Abuse in the Church: Girls Also Victimized: Boys aren't the only victims of the Catholic Church's sex-abuse sc... 
How Haiti and the Dominican Republic Made Peace: Haiti and the Dominican Republic may share a tiny Caribbean isle,... 
GM's Pension: A Ticking Time Bomb For Taxpayers?: GM has said its pension is billions of dollars short of what it ... 
GM's Pension: A Ticking Time Bomb For Taxpayers?: GM has said its pension is billions of dollars short of what it ... 
April 15, 2010: The Best Tax Day of Your Life: Looking back, we may all remember April 15, 2010, as the day we got... 
Andrew Stern's Departure May Be Good for Unions: Andrew Stern was a visionary, but the labor movement might be bet... 
Book Review: David Foster Wallace Biography: Writer David Lipsky wants us to get to know David Foster Wallace the ... 
England players to sleep in high altitude tents: England players are set to sleep in special altitude tents in pre... 
Wenger feels Van Persie could have matched Messi: Arsene Wenger believes Robin van Persie would be ranked alongsid... 
Why Media and the Left Obsess Over Glenn Beck: The radio and TV talk-show host gets such outsize media coverage—es... 
Glee's Problem? The Music: Fox's musical wunder-show could use a little less music—and a lot more action. 
Terry: Prem exit from Europe is good for England: Chelsea captain John Terry says that England will benefit from t... 
The Conan Tour Begins: On the day he announced a stunning deal to move to TBS, Conan O'Brien began his new comedy ... 
How Much Oil Is Really Off the Atlantic Coast?: Obama's decision to open the Atlantic Ocean to drilling may not yi... 
Kroenke, Usmanov could hold off on '£1bn' Arsenal: Arsenal have been valued at close to £1 billion and a stand-off... 
Obama Should Target Loose Nukes, Not Arms Reduction: The real nuclear issue isn't arms reduction, it's loose nukes. 
Carlo Ancelotti tips England ahead of Italy: Carlo Ancelotti believes England are a better bet for success at this... 
Super-High Alcohol Beer Heads to the U.S.: Two European breweries are waging a battle to try to get you drunker. G... 
Super-High Alcohol Beer Heads to the U.S.: Two European breweries are waging a battle to try to get you drunker. G... 
Coyle ignores Sir Alex's "easy game" claims: Bolton boss Owen Coyle has tried to ignore comments from Sir Alex Fer... 
Liverpool 0-0 Fulham: Reds miss absent Torres: Liverpool badly missed Fernando Torres as they dropped two more poi... 
Bellamy "ashamed" to be a professional footballer: Manchester City striker Craig Bellamy has claimed that he is "a... 
West Ham 1-0 Sunderland: Ilan the hero again: West Ham 1-0 Sunderland: Ilan the hero again 
After The Crash, What's Next For Poland?: President Kaczynski's visit to Russia was supposed to help heal an histo... 
Federici claims Italy contact over switch: Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici says that he has been approached by It... 
Ferdinand: I must focus on United, not England: Rio Ferdinand maintains his focus remains on Manchester United's p... 
Nike Resurrects Tiger Woods' Father for Ad: Good Idea?: A controversial commercial fueled a Nike backlash across t... 
A Surge of Hate: Antigovernment extremists are on the rise—and on the march. 
George Will on Nuclear Power: The costs of fads and superstition. 
Portsmouth name Lampitt as new chief executive: Portsmouth have appointed David Lampitt, the Football Association'... 
Can Colombia's Juan Valdez Challenge Starbucks?: How Colombia's most famous coffee picker is challenging Starbucks. 
Bayern Munich president criticises Fergie remarks: Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has criticised Sir Alex Fer... 
FDIC's Sheila Bair on Bank Failures and Too-Big-To-Fail: Sheila Bair oversees the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpor... 
The Problem With Confederate History Month: In which the author looks deep inside his Southern heart and weighs in... 
Priests Commit No More Abuse Than Other Males: The priesthood is being cast as the refuge of pederasts. In fact, p... 
Tiger’s Nike Golf Ad: Awesome, Slimy, or Both?: Tiger Woods returns to the Masters—and to advertising—with a power... 
How Kyrgystan Violence Could Impact U.S.: The potential overthrow of Kyrgyzstan's government is worrisome for not ... 
Bordeaux 1-0 Lyon: Visitors hang on to progress: Bordeaux 1-0 Lyon: Visitors hang on to progress 
Ibrahim signs new four-year deal at Man City: Young Manchester City midfielder Abdisalam Ibrahim has signed a new ... 
WikiLeaks Video: What the Iraq War Looks Like: The video of two Reuters newsmen being shot by Americans in 2007, h... 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Cases Rise, Fines Mounting: The U.S. Government has ramped up efforts to uncover cor... 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Cases Rise, Fines Mounting: The U.S. Government has ramped up efforts to uncover cor... 
Japan 0-3 Serbia: Hosts booed as Serbs cruise: Japan were booed off by their own fans after a 3-0 defeat to Serbia... 
Bayern boss Van Gaal wary of Berbatov threat: Bayern Munich coach Louis Van Gaal has singled out Dimitar Berbatov ... 
Torres blames injury and sales for poor season: Liverpool striker Fernando Torres has blamed the failure of the cl... 
Tea Party Fits Into Long American Tradition: Tea Partiers fit into a recent pattern of conservative populist movements. 
The IUD Makes a Comeback: After years of the IUD being off-limits to younger women, a new generation is embracing ... 
Study: Pay, Promotion Limits Lead Women to Exit Engineering: There are too few women engineers, researchers find, ... 
CSKA Moscow 0-1 Inter Milan: Jose's men cruise: CSKA Moscow 0-1 Inter Milan: Jose's men cruise 
Roth IRA Conversion: No Consumer Rush on Tax-Free Switch: Convert your IRA to a tax-free Roth IRA, the financial a... 
China's Governor in Tibet on the Dalai Lama:  
Rooney set for shock Bayern return: reports: Wayne Rooney has been rated a "40%" chance of making a shock return f... 
Boudewijn Zenden may look to leave Sunderland: Bolo Zenden has revealed he may look to leave Sunderland at the end... 
Jobs: The Economy, Killing Liberal Arts Education?: How the recession and unemployment are making schools and stud... 
Me and My iPad: The First 24 Hours: TIME's News Director takes delivery of an iPad and ponders the question: will ... 
Wenger seeks to 'exploit' Barcelona weakness: Arsene Wenger maintains he has seen a few weaknesses in Barcelona wh... 
Henry slams Gunners over Emirates red card: Wolves captain Karl Henry has branded his dismissal at Emirates Stadiu... 
Everton 2-2 West Ham: Ilan rescues Hammers: West Ham twice came from behind at Everton to claim a crucial point in... 
South Korea reveal World Cup rewards: South Korea players will be handsomely rewarded if they can reach the second... 
Wenger reopens club versus country debate: Arsene Wenger has hit back at claims from France coach Raymond Domenech... 
Toyota, GM, Ford See Gains in Auto Sales Over Last Year: Car sales bounded ahead in March, signaling a possible re... 
Toyota, GM, Ford See Gains in Auto Sales Over Last Year: Car sales bounded ahead in March, signaling a possible re... 
Toyota, GM, Ford See Gains in Auto Sales Over Last Year: Car sales bounded ahead in March, signaling a possible re... 
Fabregas: I felt no pain as I scored with break: Cesc Fabregas has revealed he was running on pure adrenalin as he... 
Premier League: Chelsea top, Gunners late show: Chelsea surged to the summit of the Premier League with a 2-1 win ... 
Mancini open to Italy return: Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini would welcome a return to Italy with Serie A... 
Eight Ways Obama Can Sell His Economic Policies: Anger over the economy becomes even worse when President Obama po... 
Study: Pay, Promotion Limits Lead Women to Exit Engineering: There are too few women engineers, researchers find, ... 
Fabregas out for six weeks with leg fracture: Francesc Fabregas will be out for at least six weeks with a cracked ... 
Census Controversies and Identity Politics: In which the author weighs in on the latest U.S. Census controversies,... 
Toyota, GM, Ford See Gains in Auto Sales Over Last Year: Car sales bounded ahead in March, signaling a possible re... 
Who Will Enter a Tea Party Film Festival?: Conservatives create their own film festival, but will they get the rig... 
Henry wary of Arsenal back at the Nou Camp: Former Arsenal captain Thierry Henry has praised the Gunners after the... 
Zola defends decision to give players a break: West Ham manager Gianfranco Zola has defended his decision to fly b... 
Ricky Martin, Coming Out and the Health of Nations: And why nations with more progressive attitudes about homosexu... 
Cabanas kicking a ball again after attack: Paraguay striker Salvador Cabanas has been kicking a football again as ... 
Sprained ankle rules Rooney out for up to a month: a 
New Government Plan to Prevent Homeowners' Loan Defaults: The government's new multifaceted plan to help troubled ... 
Lyon 3-1 Bordeaux: Lisandro makes difference: Lyon 3-1 Bordeaux: Lisandro makes difference 
West Ham United in talks with Dubai investors: Soccernet can reveal that West Ham United have opened talks with Mi... 
Pope Benedict's Conservative Agenda Could Fail: Conservatives in the Catholic Church had a champion in Pope Benedi... 
How One Entrepreneur Beat Food-Aid Protectionism: A new resource offers hope for the hungry, but Congress still ho... 
Maradona undergoes surgery after dog attack: Argentina coach Diego Maradona has undergone facial surgery after bei... 
De Gea linked with Manchester United move: Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Davide De Gea is holding out for a dream mov... 
Germany, Britain Mull a Bank Tax to Address Deficits: Both Germany and Britain are calling for a tax on banks in t... 
Pakistan's Foreign Minister on Fighting Militants: Pakistan's foreign minister on what his country is doing to com... 
Tevez both hailed and questioned after City win: Shay Given hailed Manchester City team-mate Carlos Tevez for the ... 
The Attack Shows Russia Never Defeated Islamists: The Russian government told its citizens that it had defeated Is... 
Guardiola: Barcelona will have a go at Gunners: Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola has promised not to ditch his attacki... 
Government aims to overhaul ownership structure: The government has drawn up ambitious proposals to give supporter... 
Can a Russian Tycoon Save a Struggling British Paper?: Alexander Lebedev, a former KGB agent, has purchased his se... 
Portsmouth want Grant to stay as manager: Portsmouth administrator Andrew Andronikou wants manager Avram Grant to ... 
Zola given stay of execution after meeting: Gianfranco Zola has survived the sack at West Ham United because of an... 
Why the iPad Will Change Everything: The iPad will change the way you use computers, read books, and watch TV—as l... 
Ferguson admits he still feels end-of-season nerves: Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson admits he still g... 
Iraq's Close Elections: The Good and Bad: Iraq's remarkably close elections show positive developments (Sunnis vot... 
California Might Legalize Pot, for Real This Time: A November ballot initiative could make California the first st... 
Toure: Barcelona aware of Fabregas threat: Barcelona midfielder Yaya Toure has revealed that his team-mates are ac... 
Benitez: Run-in success vital to attract new recruits: Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has urged his side to kick... 
Conservatives' Five Favorite Democrats: Conservatives may strongly dislike the president and the speaker of the Ho... 
Beckenbauer: Bayern "fear" Rooney: Franz Beckenbauer concedes Bayern Munich will "fear" Wayne Rooney when they com... 
Portsmouth agree to send Tosic to QPR on loan: Portsmouth have agreed to send Serbia international Dusko Tosic on ... 
More Men Are Discussing Weight Worries: Men who have struggled with their weight have often had to do so in silenc... 
Is Bringing Enron To Broadway A Crap Shoot?: Eight years after Enron headlined as the most expensive financial fra... 
After Health Care, Will Congress Repeal DADT?: Gay-rights advocates want repeal of 'don't ask, don't tell' sooner ... 
CSKA deny interest in Liverpool winger Riera: CSKA Moscow have denied holding an interest in Albert Riera, but the... 
Blackburn 2-1 Birmingham: Dunn at the double: Blackburn 2-1 Birmingham: Dunn at the double 
The U.N. Food Programme's Rampant Corruption: The World Food Programme's Somalia problem is only the latest in a s... 
Casinos: Carl Icahn Bets Big on Las Vegas, Atlantic City: Carl Icahn is snapping up casinos in both Las Vegas and ... 
650,000 tickets remain unsold for World Cup: South Africa 2010 may have already made history. But not in a fashion... 
The Vatican Should Remember Victims of Oppression: To restore its reputation, the Vatican must identify with the v... 
League allows Pompey to sell before summer: The Premier League has given Portsmouth permission to sell players bef... 
Adams: The South Africa Angle, March 24: The South Africa Angle explains that Lionel Messi must still prove his cr... 
Everybody Hates Duke: Why Some Teams Rile Us: Why March Madness winners get treated like losers. 
Natural Birth Post Cesareans: Why Docs Lag Science: More women want to be able to have a baby naturally, even if t... 
Low bows to Bundesliga and calls off camp: Germany coach Joachim Low has cancelled a training camp with the nation... 
What Republicans Will Do After Health Care: Republicans said stopping health-care reform was a battle for the coun... 
Thierry Henry reluctant to face former club Arsenal: Thierry Henry has admitted he is not relishing the Champions ... 
Cole: No Chelsea contract offer on the table: Chelsea midfielder Joe Cole has revealed that contract negotiations ... 
Exclusive: Lt. Dan Choi on His Arrest Over DADT: Following his stint in jail for chaining himself to the White Hou... 
In Germany, Setting a Quota for Female Managers: One of Germany's biggest companies, Deutsche Telekom, has institu... 
Australia defender Kisnorbo to miss World Cup: Australia defender Patrick Kisnorbo is set to miss the World Cup af... 
Why Obama Was So Angry at Netanyahu: The real reason why President Obama was so angry at Israel after Joe Biden's ... 
Verbeek to leave Australia after World Cup: The worst-kept secret in Australian football has finally been confirme... 
Zola given two games to prove his worth: Gianfranco Zola has two games left to prove he is the right man for the j... 
For Europe's Budget Airlines, Competition Gets Personal: Things are heating up between Ryanair and easyJet, which ... 
Fabregas unfazed by Barcelona challenge: Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas maintains the Gunners would have had to fac... 
How Health Care Reform Reduces the Deficit in 5 Not-So-Easy Steps: Americans think the bill is too expensive becau... 
Wigan Athletic 1-0 Burnley: Last-gasp Rodallega: Hugo Rodallega broke Burnley's hearts with a last-gasp winner to ... 
Zakaria: Bibi Is Undermining Israel's Security: The Israeli Prime Minister says his nation's security is his top p... 
Weekend Movie Poll! Gerard or Jude or K.Stew?: Tons of buzzworthy films out there this weekend, eager to steal you... 
Kate Winslet Pulls a Bullock: Those possibly cursed Best Actresses have to stick together. Or at least behave alik... 
Get Your Guido On With Jerseylicious: So where does a mook go when he wants to hone his authentic Garden State ess... 
MTV on Defensive After Word of Snooki's Underage Boozing: 

Talk about getting it from both sides.

First MTV is... 
Shenae Grimes Has No Idea Who Cory Monteith Is?!: 90210's Shenae Grimes hails from Canada, but she's not familiar ... 
Stephanie Pratt More Reasonable Than Miley Cyrus?: In our effort to maximize your entertainment dollar—meaning the... 
Hugh Grant Has His Cake and Wears It, Too: First there was the baked beans incident, now this. Funny how all that ... 
Five Reasons Kristen Stewart's Movie Will Runaways from Robert Pattinson's: In our last episode, Robert Pattinson'... 
After American Idol: Lacey Brown Predicted Her Elimination: If Lacey Brown looked a little too calm when American ... 
Ex-Boyfriend: I Made Lady Gaga, Now Pay Me!: 

Is the Fame Monster about to bite Lady Gaga in the ass?

A New Je... 
Five Things You Need to Know About Sandra Bullock and Jesse James: By now, we're pretty much all looking in our cr... 
Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes' Textually Active Hot Tub Date: Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes hit the hot tub last night.... 
Miley Cyrus: The Next Julia Roberts?: Miley Cyrus sure has a lot to live up to.

First her Hannah Montana movie d... 
Lil Wayne Wanted in Arizona (Psst, He's in Jail in NYC): Even behind bars, Weezy just can't seem to stay out of tr... 
Glee's Lea Michele: Rachel's Heart Belongs To...: If Rachel Berry isn't careful, she could end up as Glee's reside... 
Corey Feldman Pens Open Letter to Corey Haim: "My Heart Is Right at Your Side": They had a bromance before we even... 
Code Bullock! Sandra Backs Out of London Premiere, Tabloid Hysteria Ensues: Let the speculation begin. Oh, wait. S... 
Corey Haim Hoped to Get Clean for Second Reality Show: The Two Coreys wasn't the end of Corey Haim's foray into re... 
Siobhan Stands Out "Like Snooki's Poof" as American Idol Rolls With the Stones: Oh, the irony.

Mick Jagger and h... 
Bobby Brown Bummer on Celebrity Fit Club: Don't drop a dime on Bobby Brown.

It makes him mad. Witness what happen... 
Bobby Brown Bummer on Celebrity Fit Club: Don't drop a dime on Bobby Brown.

It makes him mad. Witness what happen... 
Britney Spears Back to the Circus of Single Life: Britney Spears is once again a solo artist.

The 28-year-old po... 
Channing Tatum Answers Never-Ending Casting Call for Captain America: When it comes to Captain America, the prover... 
Friends, Family Mourn Corey Haim at "Very Sad" Funeral: The Lost Boy has been laid to rest.

More than 200 friend... 
Iggy Doesn't Eff it Up for the Stooges at Rock Hall Induction: Genesis has the invisible touch. Not so much Iggy P... 
Michael Jackson a Bigger Recording Star Than Ever: This Is It was only the beginning.

Michael Jackson's estate i... 
Sara Evans' Scandal-Plagued Marriage Doesn't Disappoint, Still as Scandalous as Ever: Country music lyrics have no... 
Does Justin Bieber Really Have a Swagger Coach?: Justin Bieber has a swagger coach who instructs him full time. Is... 
The Dish Walks All Over Project Runway: There's a reason God made women without hair on their chests. Well, most w... 
Zac Efron & Vanessa Hudgens: Live From L.A., It's Saturday Night!: Zac Efron and girlfriend Vanessa Hudgens got th... 
Kate Winslet Splits From Director Hubby Sam Mendes: This is not the Hollywood ending we wanted for Kate Winslet.
... 
Matt Damon Bombs; Robert Pattinson Unharmed: No, Robert Pattinson's Remember Me didn't kill. But it didn't die. Un... 
Can You Spare Some Cash for Corey Haim's Funeral?: Corey Haim is going home, and his family is hoping fans help pa... 
Kristen Stewart: Guess Who Gets Her Starstruck?: Kristen Stewart says she doesn't get starstruck very often, but a... 
Kelly Ripa Handles Caulk, Penelope Cruz Tackles Balls, More!: A review of the week, through the eyes of The Soup. ... 
Jessica Simpson: "I'm OK Being Single": Just because Jessica Simpson and Billy Corgan hang out and make music toge... 
American Idol's Top 12 Choose Simon's Replacement and the Winner Is...Jamie Foxx?!: Multihyphenate Oscar-winner Ja... 
Nick Cannon Reveals Mariah Carey's "Big Surprise": Mariah Carey sure knows how to stir the pot.

The 39-year-old ... 
The Dish Dissects The Bachelor: Of course, we're all still reeling from the dramatic results of The Bachelor, perh... 
Meet the Kid Who Schooled Robert Pattinson: Kristen Stewart doesn't quell Robert Pattinson's self-conscious, hair-... 
Jessica Simpson to Howard Stern: Don't Mess With Sidibe!: Jessica Simpson is coming to Gaby Sidibe's defense again... 
Us and Them: Pink Floyd Smacks Down EMI: Suggestion to the surviving members of Pink Floyd: have a cigar.

The R... 
Is John Mayer Destroying His Career?: There's doesn't seem to be any end in sight to the fallout stemming from Jo... 
Inside Soup Scoop: Gabourey Sidibe Smashing Gerard Butler?: The 2010 Oscars may have come and gone, but the films... 
Flashback: Was Corey Haim Cuckholded by Victoria Beckham?: File this under Who Knew? Before David Beckham, there ... 
Corey Haim Costar: No Signs of Trouble: If Corey Haim was still battling with prescription drugs toward the end o... 
Marie Osmond's Emotional Stage Return: "My Son Would Want That": Just one day after laying her 18-year-old son to... 
Remembering Corey Haim: From Lucas to Lost Boy: Today, Corey Haim is a lost boy. Sometime soon, hopefully, he'll ... 
A Lost Boy Forever: Corey Haim Dies at 38: We hope Corey Haim is dreaming more than just a little dream.

The 19... 
Woot! Here's Your First Glimpse at Eclipse!: Trailers get teasers now, at least when it comes to Twilight.

We'd... 
Mariah Carey Wants a Piece of Woody Allen: Before casting his next film, Woody Allen may want to check out Preciou... 
Alleged Letterman Extortionist Cops Plea: David Letterman's would-be blackmailer is headed to the Big House.

Rob... 
Best Oscar Drama? Interrupted Prudence Director Defends His Mom, Finishes His Speech: The Oscar for Best Documenta... 
Here's the Tron: Legacy Trailer & Laser Light Show!: Looking at the new Tron: Legacy is like a real-life version o... 
Five Things Lil Wayne Will Be Doing in the Big House: He may have a new grill after undergoing emergency dental su... 
Rihanna & Matt Kemp: It's Meet the Family Time!: Things must be getting serious.

Rihanna traveled to Arizona to ... 
Hot Pocket Hijinks Heat Up Seducing Cindy: As the trials of seducing aging Internet minx Cindy Margolis become eve... 
Why Weren't Brad & Angelina at the Oscars?: What happened to Brangelina at the Oscars? Where were they instead?
 ... 
Avatar Loses, Oscar Wins Anyway?: The world's biggest movie lost the biggest prize, but Avatar might have been a w... 
Style Showdown: Amanda Seyfried vs. Jennifer Lopez: Amanda Seyfried and Jennifer Lopez may not have the honor of b... 
Gaby Sidibe: Does She Really Want to Bring Justin Timberlake to the Oscars?: Reports of Gabourey Sidibe wanting Ju... 
Brad Paisley Lives to Tweet After Tumble on Tour: Talk about a show stopper!

Country music sensation Brad Paisle... 
Alice in Blockbuster Land!: "It was bonkers."

That's how a Disney exec today described Alice in Wonderland's est... 
How Does a Nominee Get Ready For Oscar Night?: Oh, Answer B!tch, give us a window into the day of the Oscars for a... 
Chris Weitz: Of Course, I Thought About Directing Breaking Dawn: Chriz Weitz may not be directing Breaking Dawn, b... 
Precious Has the Independent Spirit, Yes it Does!: Sometimes a film, no matter how small the budget or unsettling ... 
What Will You See? Alice vs. Bad Cops vs. Leo: Oscar weekend should be a big one at the box office, even if Best P... 
Michael J. Fox Gets Doctored: Just call him the Fantastic Dr. Fox.

Michael J. Fox is set to be given an honorary... 
American Idol Down to 16 Somewhat Good Singers: The top 20 guys and gals kicked off the results show singing the B... 
Naked Joel McHale Puts His Balls on the Line: Joel McHale strips down to his cue stick on tonight's billiards-them... 
Ke$ha and Britney Spears: Future Feud Made in Heaven?: Could a new feud be a-brewin'?

It seems Ke$ha doesn't app... 
APB Out for MIA J-Kwon: J-Kwon has gone missing.

The "Tipsy" rapper hasn't been seen in nearly a month, promptin... 
James Cameron to Oscars: Go Ahead and Make Fun of Me: At least one person wouldn't mind an Avatar spoof at the Aca... 
Who's Out to Get The Hurt Locker?: Just days away from the Oscars, The Hurt Locker gets blasted twice, first by th... 
Rihanna's Trainer: Plenty of Pushups, Not Enough Payment: Rihanna's slammin' bod didn't come cheap.

Not accordin... 
All 10 American Idol Ladies Show Up: Results Vary: Randy Jackson said the guys were "hot" last night.

Even thoug... 
Simon Cowell Cracks Engagement Jokes: Simon Cowell may be keeping mum on whether he really put an engagement ring ... 
Third Time No Charm, Lil Wayne Still Waiting to Learn Fate: Weezy just got one more weekend of freedom.

A month ... 
Weather Wastes Weave on Celebrity Fit Club: It's not easy being a celebrity, and it's even less easy being a fit o... 
Why Do Guys Wear Boring Fashions to the Oscars?: With the Oscars coming up this week, I wonder: Why the men on the... 
Burt Reynolds Heart Scare: He's survived Deliverance, endured the Cannonball Run and made it through The Longest Y... 
Li'l Fire Delays Lil Wayne's Trip to Jail: How many going away parties is this guy going to have?

Lil Wayne's lo... 
Chynna Phillips and Billy Baldwin Divorcing! Oops, False Alarm: 

Chynna Phillips has chosen to hold on.

Coinci... 
Kristen Stewart Hits Red Carpet for R.Pattz Flick: Maybe this is the real deal.

Walking the red carpet for Remem... 
Avatar's Going to Win…Wait, Lose?!: 

Maybe this comes as a surprise only to us, but The Hurt Locker is gaining o... 
Atlanta Housewife Kim Zolciak: Yup, She's a Dating a Woman: Move over, Big Papa!

Kim Zolciak now has a Big Mama.... 
Gang Starr Rapper Guru in a Coma: A rap giant is fighting for his life.

Guru, the lyrical force behind the duo G... 
Autopsy Results for Marie Osmond's Son Deemed "Inconclusive": Marie Osmond's adopted son took his own life, but it... 
EIliott Yamin "Went Into Anderson Cooper 2.0 Mode" After Chile Earthquake: The earthquake in Chile is over, but Am... 
Angelina Jolie Mulls Infanticide?!: Um, should we be reading something into Angelina Jolie's next possible movie?... 
Lady Gaga: Has Success Gone to Her Head?: Because nothing says success like a jewel-encrusted crustacean.

Lady G... 
"About Damn Time" Clay Aiken Takes Stand for Gay Rights: More than a year after Clay Aiken announced he was gay, t... 
Marie Osmond: A History of Heartache: Fame and fortune may have come at an early age, but Marie Osmond has also ha... 
What Does Robert Pattinson Think of Breaking Dawn Times Two?: Do you really want to see more Robert Pattinson? Are... 
American Idol's Chikezie's All Too Easy Arrest: 

Get a whiff of this.

Something rotten went down in Beverly Hi... 
Remember Her? Sara Evans' Scandalous Marriage Still Making News: Cast your minds back to 2006, when Paula Abdul wa... 
Battle of the Bling: Top Five New Celeb Engagement Rings: It's raining brides-to-be in Hollywood! Seems like every... 
Four Ousted on American Idol: So what if it hurts them?

Ryan Seacrest plowed through American Idol's top 24 neve... 
50 Cent's Big Sex Tape Mess: Everybody who's anybody in Hollywood has a sex tape. So no wonder 50 Cent felt the ne... 
Battle of the Bling: Top Five New Celeb Engagement Rings: It's raining brides-to-be in Hollywood! Seems like every... 
Rep Swears Whitney Houston in "Great Health"; Now About Her Voice...: 

Whitney is pulling a Britney.

Just as t... 
Nikki Reed on Kellan's Underwear: He's Got Balls: Add Kellan Lutz's Twilight costar Nikki Reed to the list of fans... 
Miley Cyrus' Oscar Date: Not Her Boyfriend: If you don't see Miley Cyrus' beau Liam Hemsworth with her at the Osca... 
Miley Cyrus' Oscar Date: Not Her Boyfriend: If you don't see Miley Cyrus' beau Liam Hemsworth with her at the Osca... 
Leif Garrett Pleads Not Guilty In Heroin Rap: Leif Garrett feels the need to defend himself.

The fallen teen ido... 
Breaking KTLA Morning News: Oldster Has a Ball Pole Vaulting: It's always inspiring to see senior citizens making ... 
Jennifer Hudson's Baby Son: A Singing Wrestler?!: Jennifer Hudson and fiancé David Otunga's son, David Jr., may on... 
Why is Justin Bieber So Huge All of a Sudden?: Why is Justin Bieber suddenly huge this week? He's all over the Twi... 
American Idol Trots Out Top 12 Girls: And so it begins.

American Idol finally tossed some meat on the grill Tues... 
Does Every Pop Star Have to Be Blonde Now?: What is up with Katharine McPhee's blond hair? Hate it! Is it a requir... 
Sophia Bush & Austin Nichols' Fergalicious Night Out: One Tree Hill stars Sophia Bush and Austin Nichols have neve... 
Oscar Nominee Carey Mulligan Not as Quiet as She Seems: Oscar nominee Carey Mulligan may have a quiet demeanor, bu... 
Johnny Depp Turns Defender of Convicted Murderers: Captain Jack is out for justice.

Johnny Depp has become the n... 
Hilary Duff's $1 Million Engagement Ring: Hilary Duff's NHL-playing fiancé, Mike Comrie, knows how to give good ic... 
Jennifer Lopez No Longer an Epic Talent: The question mark that punctuates Love? just got more pronounced.

Not l... 
Brangelina Reunites with Jolie Dad Jon Voight: The Brangelina brood just got a little bigger.

Angelina Jolie, al... 
Ryan Phillippe and Abbie Cornish Call It Quits: It's over.

Pretty pair Ryan Phillippe and Abbie Cornish have end... 
New Vid, Last Song: Miley Cyrus "When I Look at You": Playing around with a long delay on her vocals, Miley Cyrus ... 
The Hurt Locker, Up In The Air Win Big at WGA Awards: Avatar can't win 'em all.

The Hurt Locker and Up in the Ai... 
New Vid, Last Song: Miley Cyrus "When I Look at You": Playing around with a long delay on her vocals, Miley Cyrus ... 
Leighton Meester's "Kinky" Sex With 90210 Star: Leighton Meester and 90210 sexpot Matt Lanter in a steamy sex scen... 
Johnny Depp Brings Hatter Madness to Alice Fans: Johnny Depp is a man of few words. "Hi" is apparently all that ne... 
LMFAO's Sky Blu: Romney Put Vulcan Grip On Me: The skies just got a little less friendly for Sky Blu.

The rapper... 
Nas Pleads Not Guilty to Sitting on Kelis' Cash: Kelis firmly believes Nas is hiding the dollar bills.

The rappe... 
Rihanna's Boyfriend Has Special Birthday Plans: What a difference a year has made for Rihanna!

The singer turns ... 
Courtney Love Plots Hole Gig for SXSW...Will She Make It?: Don't call it a comeback. No, seriously, don't—because ... 
Kristen Stewart on Breaking Dawn: "Still Not Concrete": Breaking Dawn isn't officially a go yet. Neither is the pl... 
Could You Handle Borat or Brüno Hosting the Oscars?: We have nothing against this year's Oscars. In fact, we're pr... 
Justin & Jessica: Party Into the Wee Hours: Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel continue to make a very fashionable... 
Kristen Stewart on Breaking Dawn: "Still Not Concrete": Breaking Dawn isn't officially a go yet. Neither is the pl... 
Robert De Niro: I'm Not Dead Yet: Robert De Niro may be 66 years old, but don't tell him that.

In fact, he says ... 
Céline Dion Readies for Another Titanic Vegas Show: Things aren't all frowns for Céline Dion. She's taking over La... 
New "We Are the World" Better Than the Original!: You know why the new "We Are the World" debuted today on the Bil... 
American Idol's Top 24 Revealed: They came. They sang. But only 24 conquered.

The remaining 17 candidates for Am... 
Hoosegow Hijinks on Las Vegas Jailhouse: There's no debating the accuracy of the statement "what happens in Vegas ... 
Johnny Depp's Strange Interlude: Johnny Depp's not just a pretty face.

His voice ain't bad, either. The consumat... 
Joss Whedon: Looking For Comic-Con Superfans: Are you the type of Star Wars fan who, even though you're in your 30... 
Lady Gaga Sings for McQueen, Steals the Show at Brit Awards: Lady Gaga left her poker face at home when it came ti... 
Johnny Depp's Strange Interlude: Johnny Depp's not just a pretty face.

His voice ain't bad, either. The consumat... 
Jay-Z No Fan of "We Are World" Redo: "Some Things Are Just Untouchable": They may be the world. But on Planet Jay-... 
Betty White Talks Hosting Saturday Night Live: Betty White is everywhere these days: The Proposal, SAG's lifetime ... 
Kevin Smith Gets an Apology, But...: The Too Fat to Fly controversy goes on.

As earlier reported, director Kevin... 
Did Mackenzie's Disclosure Put Chynna Phillips in Rehab?: Just when you thought the sad saga of the Phillips famil... 
Five Confusing Oscar Categories—and What They Mean: Now that Academy Award nominations are out, big buzz is buildi... 
V-Day for Valentine's Day!: Was it the combined powers of Taylor Swift and Taylor Lautner? The romantic-comedy ret... 
Efron: Viva Las Vegas—Except When You Turn 21!: Zac Efron may only be 22 years old, but he's already mentoring you... 
Why Is Everybody So Hot for Gerard Butler?: Just what is it about Gerard Butler? I don't get it.
 —Irene, Los Ang... 
A Very Special Valentine From John Mayer: If you're wondering exactly how to put the romance into this Valentine's... 
A Very Special Valentine From John Mayer: If you're wondering exactly how to put the romance into this Valentine's... 
Madonna: Do-Gooder or Home-Wrecker?: Madonna's heart might be in the right place. Now about those bulldozers...

... 
The Dish: Valentines, Presidents and Bears, Oh My!: What do you get when you combine pounding passion for founding... 
Judge Widens Hole in Courtney Love's Motherly Duties: Valentine's Day is right around the corner—what better time ... 
John Mayer Rant: Did Holly Robinson Peete Gush Too Soon?: John Mayer isn't the only one under attack for his now i... 
Tyra: To Spank or Not to Spank?: As we all know, Tyra is no stranger to tackling the hard-hitting issues.

Now, th... 
Lady Gaga & Cyndi Lauper Put Their Lips Together: Lady Gaga and Cyndi Lauper singing together? We think that could... 
N-Word Crisis Brings John Mayer to Tears Onstage: Tonight, John Mayer couldn't help but say what he needed to say.... 
Tyra Defines Sex-for-Drugs Issue—Sort Of: When Tyra hosted drug-using teens, much about these troubled youngsters ... 
John Mayer: Sex with Jessica Simpson was Crazy!: Today, in a very special edition of John Mayer on John Mayer, he ... 
Simon Cowell Dating a Coworker?: Relax, it's not Ellen!

Simon Cowell was spotted leaving dinner at Mr. Chow in K... 
Louis Gossett Jr.: I Have Cancer: Some sad news from an Oscar-winning actor.

Louis Gossett Jr., who took home th... 
Tom Cruise Signs Up for Mission: Impossible IV: Who says you can't go home again?

More than three years after To... 
Lil Wayne Avoids Jail...With a Little Help From the Tooth Fairy: Kids, forget what you've been told about dental h... 
Did Air Force Reserve Rip Off White Stripes for Super Bowl Ad?: The White Stripes are declaring war.

Jack and Me... 
Taylor Lautner and Taylor Swift's First Kiss Details Revealed!: What's the first thing Taylor Lautner and Taylor S... 
Naomi Judd Steps Up to Defend Taylor Swift: Forget the haters: Taylor Swift is awesome.

Don't take our word for ... 
Is She Really Going Out With Him? And Does He Have Lady Parts?: "Pop culture's latest unexplainable phenomenon: Be... 
Brangelina Sue Over Runaway Split Rumor: They've put the rumors to rest. Now they're taking the rumormongers to co... 
Taylor Lautner and Taylor Swift's First Kiss Details Revealed!: What's the first thing Taylor Lautner and Taylor S... 
Jackson Family Will Attend Murray Arraignment: 

Conrad Murray's arraignment is turning out to be a family affair... 
Play Along with Sports Soup: Sports Soup sings the praises of Tim Tebow.

Look for more sporting action Tuesday ni... 
Dear John, You Win. Regards, Avatar.: Does goes Avatar!

The Channing Tatum-Amanda Seyfried romantic drama Dear J... 
Up Flies Off with Top Honors at Annie Awards: Oscars, schmoscars. This weekend was all about the best and brightes... 
Super Bowl Music: Who Sounded the Best?: Is there any sweeter music than a Super Bowl upset?

Well, maybe.

That... 
Avatar's an Oscar Lock—James Cameron Ain't: You think the Oscars are about a month away. We think they're already ... 
5 Oscar Movies You Haven't Seen—but Totally Should: In a bid to recapture the interest of regular folks like you a... 
Do We Have Real Superstars Anymore?: Is the superstar era over? Think Madonna, Michael Jackson, U2, the Boss. Is L... 
The Soup Is Super to Anderson Cooper, The Bachelor Blows a Shot at Love, More!: • You can learn a lot from watchin... 
Jermaine Jackson Wants Michael's Doc "Cuffed": The police didn't hold back when they arrested Michael Jackson on s... 
Queen Latifah, Wyclef, Bill Clinton, Chris Brown and More Make a Rousing Rally for Haiti: There's something to be ... 
Larry King Live: Contradiction In Terms?: Ancient Larry King has been at the interviewing game a long time.

A lon... 
Taylor Swift Can't Sing? No, Duh.: You know who's a great singer? That guy you saw in the cruise-ship lounge, or t... 
Avatar's Zoe Saldana: Feeling Blue Again?: Zoe Saldana doesn't care how long it takes James Cameron to make the se... 
Sex and the City Gets Another Kiddie: Sarah Jessica Parker's twins won't be the newest star kids to need a babysit... 
Bruce Springsteen Wants No Part in Punishing the Little Guy: Bruce Springsteen is the boss of his own music—and a ... 
Nick Jonas Buys Flowers—but Not for Selena: Who got flowers from Nick Jonas yesterday?

Before heading off to dat... 
Record Exec Taking Taylor Swift's Grammys Critics to Task: After taking home four trophies, it's hard to call Tayl... 
Conrad Murray Has One More Day of Freedom: Our long, national, pop culture-based nightmare is almost over. Conrad ... 
Carrie Underwood Trying the Acting Thing: Why should Taylor Swift, Christina Aguilera and Jennifer Hudson have all... 
Hmmmm...Coroner Talks to Brittany Murphy's Mom and Hubby Again: The mystery surrounding Brittany Murphy's sudden d... 
Eminem and Kim Not Rebounding or Procreating: Eminem is not spinning the same old track again.

The rapper, fresh... 
Taylor Swift & Cory Monteith: So Totally Not Dating!: Taylor Swift and Cory Monteith may sing together on Glee som... 
Anna Kendrick Speechless, Not Twitless, Over Oscar Nod; Kevin Smith Plain PO'd!: We probably wouldn't have been ab... 
Five Oscar Nominees You Don't Know but Should: George Clooney, Sandra Bullock, Penélope Cruz and Matt Damon are ju... 
Leif Garrett's Latest Drug Mess: Leif Garrett was made for dancin'...and for runnin' afoul of L.A.'s finest.

The... 
Lady Gaga Celebrates Grammys With New Tattoo: After a big Grammys night that included three costume changes, two G... 
Activist Group Not Gaga Over Lady's Guns: Lady Gaga's wild ways have earned her an enemy.

After using prop pistol... 
Michael Jackson's Kids Will Speak at the Grammys: The King of Pop's progeny will be represented at the Grammy Awar... 
Gerard Butler's Ongoing Quest to Help Haiti: Gerard Butler is more than just a pretty face.

After participating i... 
Kevin Jonas & Wifey: Guess What They've Been Doing: What does a girl love more than her hubby? A hubby who takes h... 
Reporter's Notebook: Sundance Turns to Slowdance...At Least Ryan Reynolds Rocks: 

Boring.

We're not sure if this... 
Jet-Setting Josh & Fergie Pull Double Date Duty: Despite their crazy busy schedules, Josh Duhamel and Fergie seem ... 
Stars Banding Together to Record New "We Are the World" for Haiti: The world still needs help.

It's been 25 years... 
Josh Duhamel + Stop Signs = Ouch!: Is Josh Duhamel anything like the accident-prone former football star he plays ... 
Susan Boyle Faces Nightmarish Return Home: Something tells us Susan Boyle didn't dream a dream about coming home t... 
Taylor Swift: The Bestest Best Friend in the World: It's nice to know it's not all work and no play for Taylor Swi... 
Harvard Gets Hasty With Justin Timberlake: Who knew that stuffing your junk in a box and then singing about it con... 
King of the Box Office James Cameron Talks Avatar 2: The numbers don't lie—moviegoers are loving Avatar just as mu... 
Kristen Stewart on Kissing Dakota Fanning: Nothing Romantic About It: Filming her kissing scene with Dakota Fannin... 
Kristen Stewart on Kissing Dakota Fanning: Nothing Romantic About It: Filming her kissing scene with Dakota Fannin... 
Robert Pattinson and Simon Cowell to Make Sweet Music Together?: Are you ready for a Twilight-American Idol mash-u... 
Avatar Sinks Titanic!: James Cameron did it to James Cameron.

Cameron's unstoppable Avatar hit $1.29 billion at t... 
Paris Hilton & Doug Reinhardt Toy Around With Sex: Paris Hilton is about to be handcuffed again—but it's not the c... 
Gallery: Hope For Haiti Now, And Down the Road: It's easy to be jaded or withdrawn in the face of overwhelming dis... 
Joe Jackson Still Banking on a Piece of Michael: Normally it's the parents who give their kids an allowance, but, ... 
James Franco: Spider-Man Will Survive: James Franco thinks Spider-Man can go on without director Sam Raimi and sta... 
"We Are the World" Redo Planned for Haiti Relief: Man, just when we figured out who all the voices were in the fir... 
Leo, Tobey and Ellen Sign On for Haiti Telethon: The list keeps growing and growing and...

While plans are changi... 
Grammys Give Michael Jackson the Avatar Treatment With 3-D Tribute: A cursory three-second mention in the "In Memo... 
Shania Twain Eyes the Bottom Line on American Idol: "I was very surprised and, yes, you have a beautiful bottom en... 
Jennifer Garner's Alleged Stalker: I'm Innocent: 

He wasn't trying to stalk her. He just happened to be in the ne... 
Love Story Author Erich Segal Dead at 72: Long before Taylor Swift told us hers, Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw were ... 
Robert Pattinson Signs on for Haiti Telethon: Robert Pattinson is on board.

I just got word that the Twilight sta... 
Lautner On Swift: Don't Believe Everything You Hear: Taylor Lautner didn't exactly say he never dated a certain si... 
Skarsgård & Bosworth: Are They Or Aren't They?: Alexander Skarsgård may say he's on the market, so we've got to as... 
Jennifer Aniston Has a New Daughter Costar: Jennifer Aniston will soon be the mother of a 10-year-old girl.

I can... 
Joe Jonas: Ready to Go Brotherless Like Nick?: If Nick Jonas can do it, his brother Joe can do it, too.

We're tal... 
Sandra and Meryl All Tied Up at Critics' Choice Awards; Hurt Locker Gets Closer to Oscar: Tonight's king of the wo... 
Adam Lambert Offers What You Want From Him: Don't worry parents. Adam Lambert's latest music video isn't about to ... 
Did You Hear the One About Robert Pattinson as Spider-Man?: For the time being, the only part of Spider-Man that's... 
Rage Against the American Idol Machine: Miffed Paula Abdul Fan Speaks Out: Last night's American Idol from Atlanta... 
Velvety Voiced Teddy Pendergrass Dead at 59: Teddy Pendergrass' soul has taken flight.

The buttery smooth R&B sin... 
Kristen Stewart's Mullet Coming Soon to Theater Near You: 

Looks like Kristen Stewart will be celebrating St. Pat... 
Jessica Simpson Going Public With Her Billy Corgan Collaboration: Jessica Simpson often finds herself unlucky in l... 
Channing Tatum Offers Details of Penis In Peril: We're not really sure what it is about today. First Megan Fox str... 
Another Real Housewife Wants to...Sing!: Move over, Kim Zolciak!

There's another Real Housewife trying to warble ... 
Emily Blunt Who? Michael Bublé Engaged: Emily Blunt isn't the only half of a former power couple to have moved on.... 
Thor Hammers Out Last-Minute Cast Change: Stuart Townsend may be Charlize Theron's leading man, but he's no longer... 
Week in Review: Friends (and Fiancees) Mourn Casey Johnson, Avatar Continues to Dominate, and More: Health woes, j... 
Week in Review: Friends (and Fiancees) Mourn Casey Johnson, Avatar Continues to Dominate, and More: Health woes, j... 
Week in Review: Friends (and Fiancees) Mourn Casey Johnson, Avatar Continues to Dominate, and More: Health woes, j... 
Week in Review: Friends (and Fiancees) Mourn Casey Johnson, Avatar Continues to Dominate, and More: Health woes, j... 
Roman Polanski Gets a Release Date!: Roman Polanski's latest movie looks to be getting released before he is.

The... 
Avatar Lords Over Rings, Now No. 2 All Time: Looks like James Cameron the King of Middle Earth, too.

With $1.14 b... 
Icons Unite: Polaroid Goes Gaga!: Lady Gaga is getting ready to shake it like a Polaroid  creative director.

That... 
Keyshia Cole Pregnant and Getting Married, Too: Keyshia Cole may be making her acting debut in Tyler Perry's Why D... 
Roman Polanski Seeks Long Distance Decision: How long does the long arm of the law stretch?

Roman Polanski is loo... 
Katy Perry and Russell Brand Engaged in India?!: Katy Perry is ready to get Branded for good.

While on vacation i... 
Green Day, Meet Broadway: 

How punk of them.

After a record-breaking tune-up run at the Berkley Repertory Theatre... 
Can Kid Actors Do R-Rated Things in Movies..Have you seen the red band trailer for Kick-Ass [very NSFW]..ow can a... 
Rob and Kristen Have a Happy New Year...Together!: Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart seem to have rung in the Ne... 
Chris Cornell's Double Whammy: Soundgarden's Back, Stolen Footage of Brittany Murphy Isn't: It's already shaping up... 
Avatar's Titanic—and Transformers Could Be Sunk: Not so fast, Transformers.

2009's over, but the year-end box-of... 
Oh No! Robert Pattinson Chipped His Tooth!: Apparently, using dental floss can be dangerous. Just ask Robert Pattin... 
Oh No! Robert Pattinson Chipped His Tooth!: Apparently, using dental floss can be dangerous. Just ask Robert Pattin... 
Michael Jackson's "Thriller" Will Live Forever: The red leather jacket. The yellow eyes. The zombies. The dance. Th... 
Michael Jackson's "Thriller" Will Live Forever: The red leather jacket. The yellow eyes. The zombies. The dance. Th... 
Avenged Sevenfold Drummer Dead at 28: Southern California's metalcore scene is mourning one of its own.

James Owen... 
Source: Family Begged Sheen Not to Go to Aspen: It sounds like Charlie Sheen's family may have known something like... 
Diddy's Latest Protégé Way Cuter than Those Danity Kane Girls: Even if you are among the few who miss the fabulou... 
Fergie Not Pregnant—Just Fat!: Whoa! Is that Fergie prancing around in Nine, or is it just her fatter twin sister... 
Naked Vanessa Hudgens Now a Federal Matter: Safe to say that Mickey Mouse would definitely not approve.

Hoping to ... 
Simon Cowell Leaving Idol? Say It Ain't So, Bro!: Paula Abdul, we could handle. But Simon Cowell?!

American Idol c... 
Rate-a-Trailer: Are You Karate Kidding Us?: A new twist on Chinese knockoffs. It's bad enough that China is kicking... 
Brittany Murphy: Music From Beyond the Grave?: Brittany Murphy may be cutting a record deal.

Though Murphy was fam... 
Brittany Murphy: Music From Beyond the Grave?: Brittany Murphy may be cutting a record deal.

Though Murphy was fam... 
Hurt Locks Up Chicago Critics, Satellite Awards: Talk about medals of honor.

Kathryn Bigelow's Iraq war action-thr... 
Pete Doherty's Dumbest Drug Bust Yet?: At this point, it's barely news when Pete Doherty gets busted for drugs.

Bu... 
Brittany Murphy Autopsy Today: By the end of the day authorities could be one step closer to knowing what killed Br... 
Avatar's the King of the Weekend!: It looks like Avatar's going to be all right. So long as it doesn't turn into Ne... 
Avatar's the King of the Weekend!: It looks like Avatar's going to be all right. So long as it doesn't turn into Ne... 
Kevin Jonas Trades Purity Ring for Wedding Band: Kevin Jonas has made his bout of the lovebug a permanent infection... 
Disney Revives Michael Jackson's Captain EO: Disney's hoping that it's been sitting on a goldmine.

Seeing as how T... 
Ring the Alarm: Beyoncé's Parents Divorcing: We guess Beyoncé's parents aren't so crazy in love anymore.

The Gr... 
Kevin Jonas Is Totally Tying the Knot This Weekend!: One down. Two to go (well, three if you're including the Bonus... 
Jennifer Garner-Obsessed Man Hit With Stalking Charge: For Jennifer Garner's sake, let's hope this isn't a case of ... 
No Contest: Rihanna Downs Chris Brown: Just think how many fewer albums Chris Brown would have sold had Walmart act... 
OMG! Kellan Lutz Stripping Down to His Calvins: Get ready for up close and personal shots of Kellan Lutz in nothing... 
Miley Cyrus Encourages Little Sis to "Smack That": Oh boy.

Remember when Miley Cyrus' little sister followed her s... 
Lindsay Lohan on Best Behavior, but About Her Dad...: It was a good news-bad news day for the Lohans.

While Lindsa... 
John Mayer Taking a Break From the Ladies: We're all way too involved in John Mayer's dating life. He likes the lad... 
NYC Divided Over Avatar, Hurt Locker: New York has devolved into a battle between geeks and cinephiles. But who wil... 
Poll: Does Taylor Swift Holiday Tune Top Adam Sandler's?: Is Evan Taubenfeld about to steal the Jewish boy's hilari... 
Nicole Kidman Brings Sunday—and Keith—to Work: Filming Nine became a family affair for Nicole Kidman.

The Osca... 
Nicole Kidman Brings Sunday—and Keith—to Work: Filming Nine became a family affair for Nicole Kidman.

The Osca... 
New Moon Director Helps Fan Avoid a Pirate's Life: Three minutes of New Moon does not a pirate make.

Or so believe... 
Defunct 'N Sync Still Bigger Than Your Favorite Band: Want to know how big Justin Timberlake is. He's bigger than J... 
Fergie and Josh's First Red Carpet Since Strippergate: If Fergie and Josh Duhamel are having problems these days, i... 
Billy Joel and Christie Brinkley Collaborate in Daughter's Defense: Alexa Ray Joel's long-divorced mom and dad, Chr... 
The Boss Backs Gay Marriage: Bruce Springsteen is working on a dream all right—that of same-sex couples to have t... 
Jennifer Aniston To Be Adam Sandler's Wife?: Well, she could do a lot worse.

But unlike the real-life wedding cere... 
Travis Barker Jets Away From Crash Suit With Hush-Hush Settlement: Travis Barker just got a little more closure and... 
Billy Joel Says Daughter "Is Going to Be Fine": Billy Joel may be singing lullabies to his daughter yet again.

Acc... 
Taylor Swift's Secret Visitor Revealed!: Taylor Swift had a special visitor last night at KIIS FM's Jingle Ball 200... 
Sandra Bullock Wolfs Down New Moon: It was as inevitable as a Taylor Lautner reference: New Moon wasn't going to st... 
A Picturesque Break Up for ScarJo & Pete Yorn: In the grand tradition of Zooey Deschanel and M. Ward, Gwyneth Palt... 
Taylor Lautner Max-Steels Himself for Next Role: Hey, he's already got the body for it.

When the sun has set on Th... 
Rimes & Cibrian Enjoy a "White Christmas": Eddie Cibrian may be facing more claims about cheating on his wife, bu... 
Maggie Gyllenhaal's Paparazzi Run-In With TomKat: Maggie Gyllenhaal knows she and her husband, Peter Sarsgaard, are... 
Polanski Makes Like Cheney, Holed Up in "Undisclosed Location": Roman Polanski is out of jail. This much we know. W... 
Complete List of Nominees for the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards: Beyoncé leads the hitmaker-packed field with 10 nomin... 
Lambert Who? Rihanna Who? Susan Boyle Owns the Charts: Sex sells. As do controversy and scandal. But apparently not... 
New Moon Celeb Tally: Not Everyone Is a Fan!: Just as New Moon gobbled up another $42.5 million over the Thanksgivi... 
Rihanna to Ryan Seacrest: Life Is Far From Normal: In the wake of her drama with Chris Brown, Rihanna appears to be... 
Miley Cyrus: No Plans to Rock Big Hair for the Ages: Is it any surprise that rumors were recently flying about Mile... 
Christmas Isn't It—Michael Jackson's This Is It DVD Bumped to January: So much for that Michael Jackson stocker s... 
Did Beyoncé-Honoring Soul Train Make a Single Lady of Braxton?: Warning: Performing at the 2009 Soul Train Awards ... 
New Moon Gets Blind Sided, Recovers: It looks like New Moon has broken $200 million at the domestic box office. No ... 
This Isn't It for Michael Jackson, Others Not So Lucky: It's never too early to be out of the hunt.

We've known si... 
Beyoncé Is Yours on Thanksgiving: Too tired to move after inhaling your Thanksgiving dinner? Just watch Beyoncé b... 
Roman Polanksi Granted Bail but Still in Jail: Sorry, Kirstie Alley. It seems the Free Roman Polanski Brigade has ... 
Adam Lambert on Early Show: I'm Not a Babysitter: It's hard to be raunchy when you can hardly move.

Adam Lambert m... 
How Much New Moon Cash Will Rob and Kristen Get?: About New Moon: With all these pots of money the movie is earning... 
Timbaland Denies Dumping Chris Brown: Timbaland says he's got nothing but love for Chris Brown, despite the fact th... 
Modern Family: Is Shakira Getting In On the Act?: Shakira is no actress, but maybe it's time for her to become .. 
Selena Gomez: I'm Not Hating on Twilight!: Selena Gomez wants you to know that she never said she doesn't like .. 
Stroke of Luck? Whitney Houston Wins at American Music Awards: Watching Whitney Houston win the coveted America.. 
Natalie Portman's "Weird" Reason for Hooking Up With Thor: Natalie Portman knows from fanboys. First, there wer.. 
Tobey Maguire, Jake Gyllehaal Talk Spider-Man, Mistaken Identities: Tobey Maguire is still Spider-Man. And that.. 
Taylor Swift Tops Even Michael Jackson at American Music Awards: Kanye West might have a problem with it, but t.. 
New Moon Makes a Lot of Money (But Not Quite Batman Money): It was big. It was bigger than expected. It was rec.. 
New Moon Makes a Lot of Money (But Not Quite Batman Money): It was big. It was bigger than expected. It was rec.. 
Were Miley and Selena Told to Diss New Moon?: Why are people so up in arms about the comments Miley Cyrus made .. 
New Moon Eclipses Dark Knight!: As a PG-rated Robin might cry, "Holy crap, Batman!"

New Moon smashed The Da.. 
Kidman's Behemoth Breasts, Bullock's Buttocks Envy and Other Strange Occurrences: From big names to big shames,.. 
Unleashed Fan Girls Shut Down Justin Bieber Appearance: R.Pattz wasn't there, so why did a bunch of screaming f.. 
Soup Honors DWTS' Aaron Carter For Certain Cat-Like Quality: The squeals, the yelps, the swift and agile footwo.. 
Beating the Crap Out Of Robert Pattinson Edward: The thought of Robert Pattinson getting hurt is just too much .. 
New Moon's "Absolutely Freakish" Debut: What else is there to say about New Moon that hasn't already been gushe.. 
McHale to Bestow Seasonal Gift of Laughter—Live!: What smells better than a singed yule log, goes down easier t.. 
Miley Cyrus' Tour Bus in Deadly Crash: One person is dead and several more suffered minor injuries after Miley .. 
Carry On, Chris Brown... Carry On: Chris Brown is on the up and up.

At the singer's first checkup hearing s.. 
Vatican Reviews New Moon: A "Moral Vacuum With a Deviant Message": Is the pope (a) Team Edward, (b) Team Jacob .. 
Review: New Moon Is Either Just Fine or Way Mopey, Depending On Who You Are: Should you go see New Moon? Does i.. 
Real Estate Vs. Romance on Million Dollar Listing: According to Bravo, Million Dollar Listing agent ne plus ult.. 
Dancing Mya's Butt: Best Friends With Len Goodman: Mya definitely wants to make it to next week's Dancing With .. 
What Does Lady Gaga's Bizarre "Bad Romance" Video Mean, Anyway?: Lady Gaga's video for "Bad Romance" is either .. 
Sandra Bullock's Kudos to Kathie Lee's Keester on Today: Sandra Bullock's portrayal of southern mom Leigh Anne .. 
Live Right Now! Twilight Saga: New Moon Premiere: Everything else was just a warm-up. The mall tour, the magazi.. 
New Moonies Just as Excited as You Are for Tonight's Premiere: Something tells us you already know all too well.. 
Leave It to Lamas: Shayne Wants a Car! : Apparently, schooling proudly ignorant daughter Shayne in acquiring a .. 
Happy Doomsday! 2012 Blows Up with $65 Mil: The world may live to see 2013, after all…

The apocalyptic-mind.. 
Jennie Garth: I'm Just Arm Candy for New Moon Premiere: Jennie Garth is almost as excited as you are for the Ne.. 
Soup Week: Aaron Carter Boogies with Germs, Ray J Spills Beans, Tyra Talks Tapeworms and More!: Tireless Joel M.. 
Twilight Mastermind Stephenie Meyer: Robert Pattinson Looks Like the Edward in My Head: Just as he has with so .. 
50 Cent: Jealous of Chace Crawford?!: You wouldn't think former thug 50 Cent would be jealous of a fresh-faced .. 
Larry King Live: Miss California Takes On Mr. Inappropriate: Larry King might be long in the tooth, but the lov.. 
50 Cent: Jealous of Chace Crawford?!: You wouldn't think former thug 50 Cent would be jealous of a fresh-faced .. 
Wynonna Judd Schools Kanye West on Swifty Apologies: For all the love Taylor Swift receives from the music indu.. 
Jealousy, Italian-Style on The Girls Next Door: Hef's gaggle of Girls Next Door are in for a shock this Sunday .. 
Michael Jackson's This Is It Moonwalks Past $200M: Michael Jackson's This Is It has made HIStory at the box off.. 
Martin Scorsese Scores Top Golden Globe: 

Martin Scorsese is a GreatFella. Just ask the folks behind the Go.. 
John Wilkes Booth Gets Another Shot on Ghost Lab: Welcome to Ghost Lab, the latest edition in the paranormal-re.. 
Michael Jackson's This Is It Moonwalks Past $200M: Michael Jackson's This Is It has made HIStory at the box off.. 
Scratch That—Julianne Hough Still Dancing With Chuck Wicks: Since we've already learned that hand-holding equal.. 
Inside Rob and Kristen's Stunning Euro Slobberfest!: After Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart were finally sn.. 
Does Up Have the Right Stuff? See Which Toons Are Oscar Eligible : Now here's a Balloon Boy Hollywood can reall.. 
Lock N' Load with R. Lee Ermey: Happiness Is a Smoking Gun : R. Lee "Gunny" Ermey is a man of passion, especial.. 
Adam Lambert: Dating? No. Clubbing? Yes!: Adam Lambert and his boyfriend, Drake LaBry, may have recently called.. 
Rihanna and Chris Brown Still in Sync, Prepare to Face Off Once More: Rihanna and Chris Brown's promotional sch.. 
Circumcision Decisions on Today: As Meredith Vieira points out, it's no secret that proud dads like to see thei.. 
Judge Pirro: Sex, Lies and More Sex: It's sad but true that so many folks who wind up in front of Judge Jeanine.. 
Michael Jackson's Mom & Dad on Opposite Sides of Will War: When it comes to divvying up Michael Jackson's fortu.. 
Twilight, True Blood, Taylor Swift Suck Up People's Choice Nominations: The People's Choice Awards are getting .. 
How Weird Are All Those New Moon Vampire People?: So what was the most interesting or weirdest answer you heard.. 
Jennifer Lopez Sex Movie on Lockdown: Jenny's sexcapades are off the block...for now.

A Los Angeles judge h.. 
Ray J Preggo Shocker on Good Day New York! Sort Of!: It's tragic, heartbreaking, unbelievable. That's right, th.. 
Jennifer Lopez Sex Movie on Lockdown: Jenny's sexcapades are off the block...for now.

A Los Angeles judge h.. 
Shayne Pays Tribute to Latin Culture on Leave it to Lamas: Let it not be said that the Lamas sisters are unawar.. 
Britney Spears Riles Up Fans Down Under: Britney Spears brought the Circus to town, but probably not the way sh.. 
Breakup Rumor Poll: From Aerosmith to Zerosmith?: According to reports, oft-rehabbed Aerosmith frontman Steven .. 
Ho-Ho-Hum Weekend for Jim Carrey; Ho-Ho-Worse for Cameron Diaz: Holiday movie season and high Oscar season have.. 
Lutz & McCord's Not-So-Private Rendezvous: AnnaLynne McCord and Kellan Lutz better get in as much time together.. 
New Moon Shockers: R.Pattz Isn't Romantic + More!: Edward Cullen? All kinds of melodramatic romantic. Robert Pa.. 
K.Stew's So Over Gossip: "It Doesn't Bother Me": Attention all Robsten tongue-waggers: Gossip away! Kristen Ste.. 
Taylor Swift Owes Kanye West a Thank-You!: Hey, we've got an opening monologue for Taylor Swift.

"Hi, I'm T.. 
Fashion Police: Leona Lewis' Dress So Fierce It'll Slap You in the Face: Leona Lewis was at MTV's European Musi.. 
Latin Grammys Should Be Renamed the Calle 13's: All roads lead to Calle 13.

The Puerto Rican hip-hop duo we.. 
Katy Perry Does the Mash at MTV Europe Awards: When Katy Perry dons a corset and surrounds herself with dancers.. 
Gwen Stefani Ain't No Hollaback Boy; Sues Band Hero for Making Her a Man: Listen, if Gwen Stefani wanted to cro.. 
Mariah Carey Claims Emotional and Mental Abuse: Rihanna may have had it rough, but, unfortunately, hers is not .. 
Johnny Depp Falling Into Angelina's Tourist Trap?: Well, this sounds hot.

Johnny Depp is in talks to star w.. 
It's Sandra Bullock vs. Jesse James' Ex in Monster Custody Feud: It's not quite the ultimate battle of good ver.. 
Rob Pattinson Charms Twilighters in Tokyo: Ecstatic screams and fluttering hearts translate the same in any lan.. 
George Clooney Descends Into Payne: George Clooney is making a Sideways move. The creator of Sideways, meanwhil.. 
Rihanna on Chris Brown Aftermath: "I Woke Up as Britney Spears": Apparently, it's time.

Since Rihanna's hor.. 
You Try Getting Randy & Evi Quaid in a Courtroom: Randy and Evi Quaid still aren't up for a road trip just yet... 
Fashion Police: Kristen Stewart's Too Cool for Hairstyling: Kristen Stewart stopped in Brazil Sunday to promote.. 
Flu Knocks Out Elton's Tour: Ticket holders for Elton John's Red Piano Tour will have to have to wait a little .. 
Oscar Watch: Odds Are Not With Neil Patrick Harris: Hugh Jackman's out. Ricky Gervais's taken. Neil Patrick Har.. 
Michael Jackson's This Is It Has $101 Million Reasons to Live On: This Is It? Hardly. 

Sony announced today.. 
Michael Jackson's This Is It Has $101 Million Reasons to Live On: This Is It? Hardly. 

Sony announced today.. 
Soup Week: Tyra Cum Kim Kardashian Terror and More!: Whether you're going door to door tonight dressed as Joel .. 
Sex Talk With Miley Cyrus and...Bette Midler?: Talk about a quickie.

Miley Cyrus admits she didn't have to .. 
Roman Polanski Going Nowhere Fast: 

Looks like Roman Polanski won't be going trick-or-treating this Hallowe.. 
Shayne Struts Stuff In Sturgis on Leave It to Lamas: Papa Lorenzo has his hands full next on Sunday's show when.. 
Sex Talk With Miley Cyrus and...Bette Midler?: Talk about a quickie.

Miley Cyrus admits she didn't have to .. 
Glambert Debuts New Single: Are You Entertained?: Just in time for Halloween, the Glampire himself has loosed u.. 
McHale Halloween Ghost Shocker!: The intrepid men of Ghost Adventures have pointed their night vision cameras a.. 
Jay-Z Leads Off for the Yankees at World Series: New York's most valuable player? With all due respect to Derek.. 
Thriller Makers, So Many Others Still Gunning for Jackson Money: Michael Jackson's This Is It wasn't the only b.. 
Orlando Bloom's Model Girlfriend Forgets Her Victoria's Secret Panties: It's been a bit chilly the last few day.. 
Why Is That Michael Jackson Movie Out for Only Two Weeks?: Is Michael Jackson's This Is It only in theaters for.. 
Bouncer Needs Backup in Rehab: Party at the Hard Rock Hotel: When peaceable Rehab security guard Deebo and his .. 
Did Michael Jackson's This Is It Hit…or Miss? : No, Michael Jackson wasn't Batman or Miley Cyrus. But more impo.. 
Heath Ledger's Final Video Work Hits the Internet: Michael Jackson's not the only fallen star with a posthumous.. 
Seacrest Hails McHale: Whether you know him as a frequent and sure-fire Soup gag target or the hardest working .. 
Duhamel: I Did Not Cheat On Fergie With Stripper: 

Josh Duhamel is shooting down a new supermarket tabloid .. 
Stars All a-Twitter That This Is It Is It!: She may be 77-years-old, but Elizabeth Taylor is nothing if not a t.. 
When Dangerous Encounters Become Stupid Moves : Dr. Brady Barr is an adventerous man, indeed.

The National .. 
Do Tweens Really Think Miley's Worse Than Kanye?: Why have the tweens suddenly turned on Miley Cyrus? There was.. 
Adam Lambert: Leave My Album Cover Alone!: Call it the twinkle defense.

The glam, campy and overly dramatic.. 
Regis Captures Cox Cougar Essence : Cougars.

They used to be just a meat-eating predators known for traveli.. 
Michael Jackson Possibly the Only One Not at This Is It Premiere: It seemed everyone in Hollywood wanted to see.. 
Nick Jonas Ditching Those Other Brothers...For Now : It was only a matter of time until one of the Jonas Brothe.. 
I'm Sick of Vampires—What's the Next Big Monster?: Zombies and vampires, while entertaining, are wearing thin. .. 
Charlize Theron: Just Call Me "Ass-Nuts": Don't be surprised if people start referring to Charlize Theron as As.. 
Real Chance of Falsies on Real Chance of Love 2 : In the past, we've heard brothers Chance and Love wax at leng.. 
Check Out Adam Lambert's Artistic Vision: We've always known that subtlety isn't Adam Lambert's speciality.
.. 
Elizabeth Taylor Twitters This Is It Review: It's hard to Twitter a full movie review 140 characters at a time... 
Love Is Squashed on Tyra: In almost any long-term relationship, sooner or later the lusty spark goes out of the.. 
Glee Stars Get Ready For Madonnapalooza: Glee won't begin shooting new episodes again for a few weeks but the c.. 
Will Michael Jackson Attend His Own Movie Premiere?: So, you're Michael Jackson, and, if the death-hoax theoris.. 
Tool Academy 2: Foreplay Schmoreplay!: Who does this demanding woman think she is?

During a sex therapy ses.. 
Leave it to Lamas: The Many Shades of Breastfeeding: We all know that this is a troubled family—they don't give.. 
Rob Pattinson Parties With Cast, Without Kristen Stewart : Something fishy was going on with Robert Pattinson S.. 
Paramount Wants More Paranormal Activity: Can there ever really be too much of a good thing?

Paramount Pict.. 
Paranormal Activity Came, Saw, Conquered: Paranormal Activity has gone where The Blair Witch Project didn't: to.. 
Lindsay Dropped by Label, Works for Low-Low Lohan Wages: Picturesque train-wreck Lindsay Lohan might not be abl.. 
Singer Morrissey Stable After Onstage Collapse: British superstar Morrissey may have a track record of tour-lad.. 
This Is Thriller, Thriller Night...Worldwide!: Halloween came early this year for Michael Jackson fans.

Mer.. 
Star Trek's Uhura: Ready To Take Her Shirt Off Again: Beam us up, Scotty!

Zoe Saldana says she's onboard to.. 
New Moon Cast Goes on Nationwide November Tour: Get ready for a lot of screams in a mall near you. 

Fans of.. 
Soup Week: Bridezilla Bitches, Toddlers Attackers and More!: If you're a fan of sex, violence and strawberry tu.. 
Robert Pattinson Admits He Really Is Edward Cullen: News flash: USA Weekend has some new quotes direct from the.. 
Hollywood Burglary Ring Broken Up; Lindsay, Audrina and Pals Exhale: It's a blockbuster potentially starring Li.. 
What the Kids Are Watching: Banana Swallowing on Yo Gabba Gabba: What at first blush may seem to be an innocent.. 
Kanye's Paparazzi-Popping Case Gets Shuttered: Finally, some good news for Kanye West.

A court commissioner.. 
Flugate: Did Miley Try to Cover Up H1N1?: Ironically, one little tweet could've nipped this whole thing in the .. 
Condensed Soup: Dancing With the Stars' Backdoor Payoff and More!: In lieu of layers of comedic innuendo and/or.. 
Tom Cruise: So They Think He Can Judge: Mary Murphy isn't the only one who would like to see Tom Cruise as a gu.. 
Rob, Kristen & Taylor Beam Into Your Living Rooms: Getting a glimpse of New Moon no longer requires a movie tic.. 
Real Housewife Kim Dishes on The Dish: A quick message from the Soup braintrust:

Thank you for helping maki.. 
Is Britney Spears Music Really Torture in Gitmo?: What's with these rock artists complaining about their songs .. 
Lil Wayne Heading to Jail for Gun Rap: Lil Wayne's heading to the big house.

The "Hot Revolver" rapper stru.. 
Hefner Reveals Secret to Mansion Bash Success: On the red carpet at the 2009 Fox Reality Show Really Awards, ti.. 
Can K.Stew Stop Paparazzi From Covering Her?: How can mags like OK! publish celeb photos without their permissi.. 
Charlize Theron: Mad Maxine?: Charlize Theron is ready to go beyond Thunderdome. Mel Gibson, not so much. M.. 
The Slight Truth and Nothing But on Tool Academy: You know things are getting serious on Tool Academy 2 when yo.. 
Renée Zellweger: Bridget Jones III Is Just a Rumor: Renée Zellweger will not be plumping up again any time soon.. 
Alec Baldwin to Tom Cruise: Cut Your Pay!: Alec Baldwin thinks there's an easy way to correct the disproportion.. 
Hefty Appetites on Bridezillas: Seething bride Ladrienna has a right to be angry. Her bridesmaid pal was an.. 
Chris Brown Picks Hell of a Day to Announce New Tour: So, we're checking out the new Rihanna single and... Wait.. 
Conrad Murray Went to Work for Michael Jackson and Look Where It Got Him: Michael Jackson's comeback may have b.. 
Tyra: The Shoe Must Go On: You've got to hand it to Tyra. It takes a special combination of sensitivity, co.. 
Star Crap: Who'll End Up On Top of Marilyn Monroe?: During her lifetime, a prone Marilyn Monroe found herself f.. 
Roman Polanski Out of Jail for Medical Treatment: He's not out of the woods, but director Roman Polanski is out.. 
Woman Works the Angels on My Antonio: Somehow, Antonio-hunting hopeful Miranda has left almost all the other de.. 
Justin and Jessica: Can Mom's Wishful Thinking Save Relationship?: Justin Timberlake was swinging solo in Sin C.. 
Susan Boyle Dreamed Dream of Sexy Album Cover: If you thought the tracklist on Susan Boyle's hugely anticipated.. 
A Cheeky Assessment on Leave it to Lamas: If you've got a sick ass, do you take it to the ass hospital?

Not.. 
Madonna Sued For Shakin' Her Groove Thang?: Ever had an annoying noisy neighbor?

You know the one who plays .. 
Boyzone Star's Family, Fans Gather to Pay Respects : It was a send-off fit for any boy bander.

The life of B.. 
Soup Week: Balloon Boy Fizzles, Meredith Vieira Sizzles, More! : Despite a plethora of Soup material, by week's .. 
Daddy's Girl Gets Daddy a Girl on Leave it to Lamas: Gee, you'd think handsome Lorenzo Lamas could get women wit.. 
Everything Must Go for Will Ferrell : No, the comic actor isn't talking about his last couple of movie roles.
.. 
Ad Nauseum: Is There a Hirsute Lawsuit in Your Future?: If you can't trust a lawyer with a thousand mile stare a.. 
Taylor Lautner Can't Keep His Shirt On: 

Another day, another photo of Taylor Lautner's buff bod.

Out fa.. 
New Moon Soundtrack, Shmoundtrack—Move Up Movie Release!: Summit Entertainment was so excited it had to tweet: ".. 
Balloon Boy Deflated, But Rises to Rap: Who could forget the Wife Swapping, storm-chasing, UFO-loving Heene fami.. 
Garth Parties On With Comeback Vegas Residency : Garth Brooks already took Elvis' record. Now he's taking his to.. 
Will Taylor Swift Slam Kanye During SNL Stint?: NBC just announced that Taylor Swift will host Saturday Night Li.. 
Home Cookin' on Top Chef Las Vegas: It takes a tough chef, indeed, to properly maneuver his way around a delicat.. 
Farewell, Captain Lou: It's not many people who can lay claim to the fan bases of Cyndi Lauper, Nintendo and th.. 
Godfather Star R.I.P.: "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."

Al Martino, the goombah behind perhaps .. 
Avril Lavigne Figures Best Damn Thing Is Divorce: Avril Lavigne is looking to make life less complicated.

T.. 
Leona Lewis Bleeding From Fan's Lack of Love: Who knew book signings could be so dangerous?!

While Pamela A.. 
Nip/Tuck at the Hard Rock Hotel : Finally, someone with a serious health plan. Your move, Obama. 
Bully Beatdown Embraces Refined Challenge: It's not all about mano a mano physical brutality on the justice-see.. 
Miley Who? Twilight Signs Up for Twitter!: Miley Cyrus leaving Twitter is, like, so five minutes ago, thanks to.. 
Sacha Baron Cohen and Isla Fisher to the Rescue, Doggone It!: Just call it puppy love for Sacha Baron Cohen and.. 
Rihanna Enters Twitterverse, Announces New Album: Out with the old, in with the new.

Not wanting to be anyt.. 
Kanye Won't Swift Boat the AMAs: Taylor, Jackson Lead Nominees: Taylor Swift just got six more potential chance.. 
The Rachel Zoe Project: Jonny Makeup vs. Brad: You can say a lot of things about Kendra buddy Jonny Makeup.
.. 
Today's Forecast for Meredith Vieira: Hot to Trot: Forget about David Letterman's discreet backstage conquests... 
Star Trek Boldly Goes for Bloopers: Think Star Trek is all serious emoting about space stuff?

Well, check o.. 
Michael Jackson's "This Is It" Single: Hear It Now: Ready for some new Michael Jackson music? Well, this is it... 
Jackson Estate Admits to Doing New Tune Paul Anka's Way: All is well once again in Michael Jackson Litigation L.. 
The Great Twitter Exodus? Courtney, Lily Peace Out of Cyberspace: What hath Miley wrought? Other than the revel.. 
Who Wants to Be a MILFionaire? : Who knows the ins and outs of Meredith Vieira's intimate moments with longtime.. 
Leave it to Lamas: No Beaver Jokes: When certain things are left to Lamas, they don't seem to go so well.

I.. 
Michael Jackson's "This Is It" Single: Hear It Now: Ready for some new Michael Jackson music? Well, this is it... 
Boy Band Singer Found Dead: Boyzone singer Stephen Gately died Saturday while on vacation in Majorca, Spain, th.. 
No Retreat in Vince Vaughn!: Vince Vaughn was money. Paranormal Activity was phenomonal.

Vaughn's Couples R.. 
Lo Bosworth: I Am Not Starring in L.A. Candy Movie!: Reports of Lo Bosworth starring in the movie adaptation of.. 
Rate-a-Trailer: Is Toy Story 3 Totally Worth the Wait?: The toys are back in town!

After months of rewatchi.. 
Soup Week: Kardashian Preggo Outrage, Chef Fondles Meat and More!: 

Until we find out whether Miley will ev.. 
Soulja Boy Burns Calories, Boosts Street Cred With Arrest : He's a runner, not a fighter.

Unfortunately, it.. 
Kate Plus Screams of Anguish: Supermom Kate Gosselin may have removed newly concerned father Jon from her life,.. 
Kristen Rings Christina's Bell With Burlesque Catfight: She solves crimes, she dons bikinis, she pisses off Chr.. 
Zac Efron Thinks High School Musical Is Boring: It has been far too long since we've seen Zac Efron's adorable .. 
Kate Plus Screams of Anguish: Supermom Kate Gosselin may have removed newly concerned father Jon from her life,.. 
McHale on Community Tonight!: Who fills your life with fun, happiness and laughter every week? Besides the Kard.. 
