@byJenAMiller Monday – depressed and sad at the vitriolic hatred and cruelty shown in the comments to your article – was this the same event
@byJenAMiller Sunday – optimistic and happy: spectators, volunteers, runners diverse and unified all with good cheer and joy.
Beauty of the Bus - another great success.Lots of great Haverford runners. Congrats to all and tnx to the city for putting on a great event.
@byJenAMiller thanks for the story.  At 68 this is my 18th BSR.  I love the mix of people running and the energy created at #broadstreetrun
Broad Street - less then 48 hrs.  Sleep well, eat well, hydrate.  It will be a beautiful day for running.
One week to Broad Street.  Eat well, sleep well, taper with easy workouts
Previewed the UMLY Tri bike course.  New course with lots of tough hills.  Hoping for weather as beautiful as today.
Got my long run in - 10 +plus miles in Maine - still snow on the ground but a beautiful day.
@smerconish Climate settled but black holes may not exist, brontosaurus does,and 
Thanks to fix your run and fairmount conservancy I got to run the trails at the Belmont Plateau.
@mainlinewife I'll miss ur tweets.  Good luck.
This morning last winter pickle run.  Tomorrow Kevin Cain 5K,
Once a week do a pace run.  No watch or gadgets just feel the effort.  Start slow, increase speed gradually to make it a progression run.


Fun seeing the Runstrong group on the road.  Thanks for lighting the way this morning.
Sun sets about 7PM.  Go for a walk.
Weather excuses are over.  An hour of sunlight helps with daylight savings time fatigue.  Get out and enjoy the day.
Think about this:  2F this morning but the Boston Marathon is in 6 weeks.
Ran the 2nd Pickle Run this morning. Cold (19F) at start on a snowy butpassable trail. Very pretty in the woods. 1M slower snow did matter
Broad Street Run - I'm in.  Yikes! Got to get the miles in.
Tomorrow's last day for the Broad Street Lottery.  For all the cold May is just around the corner!
Haverford Township has started posting on Twitter.  Great way to follow events in town.  Check them out @havtwp
@6abc #6abcauto federal donuts
@6abc #6abcauto mustang
@6abcauto #6abcauto mustang
@6abc #6abcauto Volkswagen golf
First Winter Pickle Run tomorrow in Ridley State Park.  Looking forward to a fun day.
Nice time of year to do evening runs and see all the Christmas lights.  Merry Christmas to all.
Reindeer Romp is next Sunday. Long range forecast looks good.  Keeping my fingers crossed
Like being wet and muddy - hey don't laugh some do.  Nice lunch included.  Chilly Trail Run away the Haverford Reserve.  Starts 11am.
5K Chilly Trail Run at the Haverford Reserved on Saturday, Dec 6:  
@byJenAMiller sweet potato yes. Turkey no.
Cardinal Foley Turkey Trot on Saturday, 29 November.  Come out, lose some Thanksgiving calories, and help me celebrate my birthday.
@byJenAMiller great article.  Congratulations!
Three weeks, three state run - Florida, Pennsylvania, Maine
@ODDysseyHalf 2nd in a surprising competitive 60+ age group.  These guys turning 60 are fast!
@ODDysseyHalf Hero Run in Delaware County.  Beautiful course and weather. #runphilly
@missmayim big bang seems off this yr; mean-spirited w/o joy or camaraderie. In the past squabbled but supported each other.  what say u.
First 5K or your 500th 5k this is a great course.  Come test your limits.
Beautiful morning leading to a beautiful weekend - see u tomorrow morning!
Nursing an injury, recovering from a big race.  Come out and cheer or better yet be a marshal.
@SheaTrog Haverford Township Day for Merry Place.  Chk Run The Day. See the course map and learn about Merry Place.  Hope to see u Sat.
Ran pennsy trail this morning; still dark but trail is in great shape - join us Saturday and blaze new trails.
Beautiful weather predicted for Sat.  New course is ready.  Look for the exciting finish line.
Good luck to all those running the RocknRoll Half Marathon this weekend.
Taking advantage of cooler temps for training.  Less than 2 wks until Haverford Township Day.
The body benefits from movement, the mind from stillness. When we give then what benefits them a natural harmony and balance takes place.SM
@RunningPhilly Haverford Township Day 5K - Sept 27.  See 

htt…
Good list:  
There are many reasons to run.  Use them, but always remember that run is play with its own intrinsic value.
Recent studies show even a little running is good for you.  No excuses.
@brooksrunning George sheehan running and being
Fitness is given to you; it must be seized in a daily struggle.
Rainy weekend - will you still run?  Me - I'm swimming.
I want to thank all the volunteers in all the races I have run.  They have  been fantastic.
Tonight - last trail run at the Reserve. Great course - come and discover.
Ran on the Pennsy Trail.  Thinking of using it as part of Hav. Twp Day Run. Theme of HTD is Blazing New Trails.
“Always go forward and never turn back”  Fr. Junipero Serra
Children, don’t look down Count on the ground being there every time The road is yours, so live your lives = Red Wanting Blue
Very nice event at the Reserve.  Amazing course - highly recommend runners try it - next run 23 July.
We run not to escape life, but for life not to escape us (adapted from a travel quote)
Trail run at the Reserve tonight - kid at 6:30. 5K at 7PM.  Fun course - very doable but a challenge.
@byJenAMiller the sumo wrestlers were the best costume ever!  Great finish and the crowd went crazy....
For 5July - Pickle in the Villa.  Prediction run thru Linvilla Farm.  Trail run - choose 5k or 4ish miles.  Fun guaranteed.
Haverford Reserve course was great.  Recommend area runners give it a try.
First summer trail run at the Reserve tonight.  Weather could make it interesting.
Every run is intrinsically valuable because you are connected to the physical world - something many moderns have lost.
@byJenAMiller @PhillyInquirer Great run story, but is there anyway to get you back to Sunday.  Who should I lobby?
@JeffGalloway ODDyssey Half Marathon.  2nd in my age group. 4/1 run/walk.  From skeptic to convert.
@ODDysseyHalf Beautiful day.  Unexpectedly got a 2nd place finish in age group. Tx.
“@KjGeorgeleclair: @ODDysseyHalf Carl, thanks for another outstanding race! 
@KjGeorgeleclair @ODDysseyHalf best costume. Crowd went wild.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.  Winston Churchill
@RunBMRC Red
@ODDysseyHalf @SlyFoxBeer odyssey of course
Celebrated #NationalRunningDay with an easy 4 miler.  Humid but beautiful morning.
You will become… 
Oddyssey Half Marthon just five days away.  Hoping for good weather.
Running hard and fading - check breathing, relax hands, relax shoulders.
@byJenAMiller Interesting sat column but does this mean no Sun column

This time of the year is perfect for goal setting and starting training for races in the... 
Long run this morning getting ready for Oddyssey Half.  Next week Chestnutwold Chase 5K.  Don't miss it.
Life is a desperate struggle to become in fact what you are in design.  G. Sheehan
No one, no matter his age, should ever retire from life.  We must be forever enlarging our lives, not diminishing them. G. Sheehan
Soreness is normal - should subside with rest.  Pain is bad.  If it continues don't mask with meds - seek medical advice.
Warmer temps.  Pace accordingly and remember your hydration needs will change.
@_AndreaDuffy @bewellphilly check out Jeff Gammage's coverage in today's Inquirer-nice review and really makes you want to run
@byJenAMiller you know you're a redneck if ......
@byJenAMiller as a bus mate said I know a two year old who is going to love this
@bewellphilly @IBXRun10 Faster then 2012 (by almost 5 minutes) and faster then 2013 - not bad for an old guy.
@6abc 1874 #6abczoo
@6abc   Amur tigers #6abczoo
weather looking good for Sun.  No need to over hydrate.  Don't over dress.  Focused but relaxed is the mantra.
@byJenAMiller good tip - always amazed by how overdress some runners are
@ProspiraPC @ctbrunner Large. Tx.
There will never be a day when we won't need energy, dedication, discipline, and the feeling we can change things for the better. G.Sheehan
@byJenAMiller loved this column; see u next week
@byJenAMiller  Is this happening to BSR numbers.  Is there a story here:
@byJenAMiller great quote!!!
Wrong link - here's the right one - running preserves thinking skills:  
Running preserves thinking skills:  
Upper Main Line Y Tri is a great starter Triathlon.  Spots still available.
Spring finally! Not too late to sign up for the Kevin Cain 5K.  Great hometown race.
Broad Street is 5 weeks out.  Have you done the mileage?  What are you waiting for?
I run not to achieve anything...but to be changed by the process of achieving...I run because I want to be changed.  M. Rowland's
When I run I become of necessity a good animal, but I also become for less obvious and even mysterious  reasons a good person. G. Sheehan
Saw crocuses on the run:  my haiku - Crocuses open. Winter you can leave right now. Winter: not so fast
Not to yield says it all. The enduring, the surviving, does not stop with age..we do not envy youth. We ask not quarter of life.  G. Sheehan
...I learned what it means to become a runner.  It means there's only one person in the race and you are it.  G. Sheehan

-... 
@ODDysseyHalf @IBXRun10 seven miles today.  just don't let it be 90F on BSR day.
Snowing, I am shaking out the snow Oh, the cold that is within my heart I'm gonna shake out all that snow   Nanci Griffith
@byJenAMiller Check out Sunday's Pearls Before Swine comic strip.
I live in the present.I'm not intrsted in the way we were.T past is already incrprated in me.There's no use retning to it. Live for the day.
... a love-hate relatnship with hills,I hate running up hills, but I love the feeling of accmplishmnt I get when I reach the top. GS. me too
The race is my transforming experience... The training run is the race germinating.  G. Sheehan
The race is a true experience...My entire self is engaged in a genuine struggle against time and distance...All my strengths are called upon

From Distant Runners 
Running in cold weather is not torture: it is fun,invigorating, life-giving fun. All I need ...is willpower and common sense.  G. Sheehan
Distinction between exercise and training.
I will not last forever, but I am damn well going to know I have been here.  G. Sheehan
Effort is the one strictly underived and original contribution we make to this world.  Everything else is given...effort ...we add. W. James
We should be in sports not because they are practical but because they're not....play is the key.  G. Sheehan
The question that holds the answer to every successful life long fitness program: "Are you having fun". G. Sheehan
Each of us is born with a 70 yr warranty, but few of us read the instructions. G. Sheehan
Lightning may strike when ur 21 or not until ur 70.  Today may be ur day to leave the herd.  GS.  Happy New Year!
As the Christmas lights go up think about a night time #run to take them in.  Lots of fun.
@byJenAMiller will you be home before, after, little Christmas, will family/friends visit.  Can you have a small tabletop tree.  Have a tree
Lots of fun turkey trots out there: 2 locals - St. Bernadette's  and Card. Foley.  See Run The Day for full list.
via map my run: 5 life lessons I've learned from running, via Lifehacker. 
Being a runner mattered, not how fast or how far I could run. Joy was in the act of running, in the journey, not in the destination. JB
@byJenAMiller Family on the Main Line - you really need to do the Reindeer Romp.
Don't forget two great runs coming - Cardinal Foley Turkey Trot and the Chilly Run at the Reserve.
@byJenAMiller @Philly_Marathon
@smerconish these nasty runners - keep trying to be inspirational - don't know they need to get over themselves: 
@nycrunningmama  forgot the link:  
@nycrunningmama Do read Jen Miller in today's Philly Inquirer 
@nycrunningmama don't use salt tablets - try these - cause of cramps not well understood but I have had great luck with these.
@byJenAMiller Loved your column today.
@smerconish dear mike pls tell Nicole to get over herself:  
This will inspire you:  
Watching Ironman.  Always inspirational!
From the Web: I'm going to have such an awesome #run Morgan Freeman should narrate it.
Good luck to all the Philly Marathoners!
From runner's world - 25 golden rules.  Good list:  
@JeffGalloway should have great legs after this weeks Run For Hope - huge hill (.5 mile) on sedgley drive.
Summary of 1st time #race #run tips :  don't do anything new; do taper; don't go out too fast
Sunday - Run For Hope - course is interesting - chk it out: 
Could have used gloves - but what a beautiful day for a #run.
Chilly temps thur the weekend - layer up.
Marathon season:  one of my favorites this weekend - Marine Corps - good luck runners.
Fall running:  mornings are dark be reflective.
Trail run - beautiful fall woods.  45minute run seemed like 5.
“@runnersworlduk: “The obsession with running is really an obsession with the potential for more and more life.” - George Sheehan, Author
This is an incredible achievement.  What an athlete and #runner :
J Galloway tweeted: Walk breaks are the shock absorbers to the system.  My #runs have improved with walks (1st place age group)
On the #run - Nose or mouth breathing?  Short version - just breathe:  
Turned out to be a beautiful day.  I had a great race day.  How about you?
Short days. #running in the dark.  Assumed drivers can't see u.  Try to be reflective.
Your #run workout should include both temp runs and intervals runs. (but don't overdo)
Interval Workouts are short, intense efforts followed by equal or slightly longer recovery time.(above your red line).
Tempo run..20 minutes of steady running at threshold pace (for most people,  25 to 30 seconds per mile slower than current 5K race pace.
Post #run:  do hydrate and make sure ur taking in protein within half hour of finish.
Cooler weather back - some rain coming but what great #running weather.
#Run For Heroes - 
The advice ..for beginners is the same...I have for all runners..consistency, a sane approach,moderation, making ur #run enjoyable.  Roders
Rainy day training:  try a spin class.
@BartYasso my wineglass "medal" is my favorite ever.
Great weekend #racing.  Did you #run? Great races still to come.  Enjoy the season.
Beautiful morning (ok trifle warm) - course looked great, very nice crowd.  Hope everyone had fun!!!
The starting line is waiting. Road closures are in place, barricades on the way,  Lace up those shoes.  Let's go.  Let's #run.
Saw "Gravity" and "Runner, Runner" (new movies) and thought it was a promo for the Haverford 5k #Run.
Your 5K #run:  Haverford 5k first mile is downhill don't go out too fast.
Your 5K #run:  line up according to ur ability.  The course opens up quickly so no need to be on front line and go out too fast.
Before ur 5K:  Don't arrive at the last minute; even tho it's a short race do warm up.
Before ur 5K:  Do eat breakfast; about 2hrs before time; something u r use to.
Before ur 5k #run:  good sleep in the nights before.  Friday night u may be too keyed up.  That's ok.
It's not to late to register on line for the Haverford 5K: 
It's dark in the morning; run with care; be reflective.  U can see them; they may not see U.
Karakung was beautiful this morning.  Go out for a #run.
We #run because we're human: 
Seen on twitter:  Excuses are like old running shoes; we all have them and they all stink.
Get outside -it's beautiful!
.1 mile=176yrs=528ft.  Always a pain to get that last .1 when measuring a 5K.
One week to go for HTD.  If you can #run the course this weekend.  Train easy rest of week.
#Running sharpens the focus on life and intensifies the emotions.  Is there any better reason to do anything? A. Krupicka
What a beautiful sunrise today.  Advantage of being an early riser.
Whatever ur fall #running goals make sure hills are in the mix.
Early morning #run.  Loads of other runners out there.  Hope they are all getting ready for HTD5k.
There is nothing quite so gentle, deep and irrational as our running -and nothing quite so savage and so wild. Heinrich
Fall weather is the best for running and this week looks beautiful.  Get those tempos and intervals in for your best Haverford 5K.
Family can watch u and then walk right to crafts/flea markets and music.  Don't forget to nominate ur favorite teacher.
Very walker friendly if your friends don't want a run.
Are u ready for the Haverford 5k?  Ran the course.  Very pretty.  Let's do it.  Tell ur friends we're back to the old course.
At bird in hand, beautiful evening can't wait till tomorrow.
It takes all the running u can do to keep in the same place.  If u want to get somewhere else u must run twice as fast ... Red Q to Alice
@BartYasso see you tomorrow night!
Looks like a stretch of beautiful weather ahead.  Get those runs in.
Diana Nyad accomplished an amazing endurance swim.  At 64!!.  Only those who have pushed their limits can really understand.
Just a few weeks until HTD.  Good time for some temp and interval work.
Ran the new/old course for HTD5K.  Ok still hilly but comes in the race not at the end. Beautiful course.  Rmmbr Sun karakung closed to trf.
Beautiful running weather.  Enjoy end of summer running in low humidity and bright blue skies.
John Kelly finished Boston 58 times.  His philosophy:  "I just put one foot in front of the other and keep going."
@byJenAMiller  I'm not the only one who thinks the drive loops are worth the trip:  
@byJenAMiller Kelly Drive/MLK loop.  Schuylkill Trail (Conshy to VF 16M round trip).  Perkiomen Trail - very pretty.
Taking advantage of this glorious weather - what a beautiful sunrise.  Great weekend to get long run in.  Good luck and  #running.
Fall marathon/ half on your schedule.  Great weekend for long run especially Sunday.  Good luck.
Good #run tip: train by effort not pace.  Listen to your body not to your watch.
Haverford Township Day will be held on Saturday, October 5.
We listened to you:  Haverford Township Day 5K will be on old course:  Mill to Karakung and back.  Stay tune for details - tell ur friends.
Are you ready to #run faster.  Here are some mistakes to avoid:  
Walk/#run will increase the distance you run and lessen injuries.  Try it.
Great weekend to get some longer #runs in - fall #running season just around the corner
from the web:  Not everything that is good for you always feels good.
You need to stress your body to improve but not so much as to injure.  That's why recovery is so important. Hard/Easy.
Planning on a fall half marathon - some good advice:  
65 miles to the shore - feel great - and got home before the storms closed 42.
Better #running weather - let's hope weekend doesn't heat too much.  No running Sunday - Tour De Shore.
Favorite long #run.  Over to Merion golf course, to Haverford College loop, then back on Tunbridge.  Little traffic, very pleasant. 9miles.
Walked today as a change up.  Wish this weather was happening Sunday.
Why #run?  Because you're alive and for those who can't. Other reasons?
Ready to move up from a 5K.  Half Marathons are very doable.  With a 5K base 10 weeks will get your there.
Have a running schedule will keep you on track.  On the calendar makes it less likely you will slack off.
Followed my own advice:  easy run at 5:30AM.  Actually wasn't too bad.  Beat the worst heat by going early.
Can you run in the heat? Yes -  but with care.  Slow down, cache water on route, walk/run, start early.
Remember except for very long runs (over an hour) water is the best hydration.
Training off because of weather, injury, etc.  Don't worry just hit the reset button.  Just begin again and be on the #run once more.
Adapt to the heat.  #Run early.  Hydrate.  Don't be afraid to slow down.  Walk/Run.
Rain, rain go away! Tomorrow - Marple Firecracker on WCP
Your training runs should include both building base and intensity which means long runs and tempo (interval) runs
Bear the heat.  Might be a good time to try walk/run.
Bear the heat.  Do you run early or late?  Be careful tho - late exercise can interfere with sleep.
Hot and crazy #run Pickle In The Villa 
In this hot, humid weather, hydration is very important.  Stay hydrated before and during the run.  Be careful though of high sugar drinks.
@IBXRun10 From Ventnor to Gardner Basin - 12 mile round trip mostly on Boardwalk.
If you don't have time for a long workout studies show an intense workouts (6X3min)
will increase fitness.
@byJenAMiller liked ur inky column.  Discipline for runners is not running.  Speedy recovery.
@JeffGalloway Philly Tri (sprint)
Slow down for a focused minute. Take stock of what just happened this  past week. R u really spending ur time in a way you deeply value? DN
@IBXRun10 bike
We  forget to be Happy. But when the sky is a perfect blue, children are silly and dogs are cuddly  take delight in this awesome world DN
Half-way leaves you doubting how much better you could have been. Don't give it half your effort. Give it ALL.   No regrets. DNyad
If you stand tall, feel your grit, stride forward with strength, you feel yourself rise and chances are high you will triumph. DNyad
You can't live yesterday again. You can't live tomorrow yet. 
 
 Live today. HERE and NOW.
I always thought of running as just dancing forward - Tom Hiddleston
Even if you don't have the energy or will at a down time to get yourself  all the way up, at least quiet your inner negative voice. Shhh.
-Alberto Salazar
The  great .., athletes, leaders of the world don't accomplsh the incrdible feats they do without fear. They do it despite fear. U can too.
Some very good #run tips here:  
Tough week for running - either raining or humid - persevere good weather will return
Cooler weather is back.  Perfect for some interval #runs.
Don't forget to chk out Haverford Heritage Day on Karakung Drive tomorrow.
Haverford #runners - take a #run by Merion Golf Course before they close the roads.  Absolutely amazing!
Bored on the run.  Try speed work intervals.  Work harder then you want to.
Be careful #running in the heat.  You will need time to acclimate.  Hydrate and adjust pace.
#trailrunners and #runners can use these core strength exercises:  
local #race Lansdowne Memorial Day 
#runs don't have to be perfect but #goals can help focus training and keep you on track.
Perfect long weekend coming up.  Enjoy your runs.
#runner you are better today then yesterday but not as good as you will be tomorrw
@ODDysseyHalf I think some people have too much time on their hands.
I am a #runner because I run. Not because I run fast. Not because I run far.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can do, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.  von Goethe
For beginning #runners how to #run a #5K: 
Reason to #run - standing still gets you nowhere.
@ChrisSolinsky @Sports_Greats Nanakorobi Yaoki - the Japanese figure Daruma is a symbol of perseverance - 7down 8 up.
Local race alert:  Chestnutwold Chase 5K - entry fee includes a pancake breakfast!
Reason to #run - new shoes just don't look right until they have some miles on them.
Reason to #run - better breathing and more strength leads to a better quality of life.
Reason to #run - you're being chased - by high blood pressure, weight, high cholesterol, by a shorter life.  #Run
Reason to #run - quality time with friends while you all do something you love.
Reason to #run - quiet time for yourself.
Reasons to #run - connecting to the natural world and the seasons.
Just because smthing appears out of reach, does not mean it must stay  out of reach. Imagine the very best, and then imagine your way to it.
You can get up on some sunny day and run Run a hundred miles just for fun now
 Heartaches and yesterdays don’t weigh a ton now  P. Griffin
It is easier to stay fit then get fit - Jack Daniels.  Stay active.
Broad Street accomplished.  Now make plans for the rest of the spring/summer #run schedule.
@IBXRun10 @OneFundBoston #Philly2Boston 
#Philly2Boston 
@IBXRun10 ready for tomorrow. 
Racing this wkend.  Don't go out too fast as you start ur #run.  Steady wins the course.
Expos are crowded - don't stress. You will get your number.
Discomfort or pain.  Ignore the 1st take care of the 2nd w/o delay.  #run smart.
Perfect #running weather here.  Even if you taper - get some miles in.
Many exercise choices - do what you like but also what challenges. Do seek to improve.
Tapering gives ur body a chance to recover; you still #run but with less distance/intensity. More sleep. Hydrate.
1 wk to Broad Street - do u have your red socks?
Lifelong #running tips:  
Cecily Tynan on #broadstreetrun : 
5 tips for a stress free #raceday: 
#run against traffic (bike with).  Our Haverford streets are safe but still exercise great care on the roads.
#seenontherun Merion golf course.  Quite the transformation.  Amazing the work done for a one week event.
@ScootADoot Jen Miller writes a Sun. column for the Inq.  This wk she will have B.S. tips
@JeffGalloway practicing with 4/1 intervals. Hoping for 90 min. Broad Street.  What interval that day. #ibxrun10chat
Beautiful day for a #run.  Get that #BroadStreetRun training in.
5K #run in Westgate Hills.  The hills are not metaphorical.  Tough but fun.  Well done race.  Hope they can do it again.
Empower The Children 5K - Westgate Hills - Saturday - 9AM
When you have heart you can do anything. When you lose your heart, you can't do anything. D.Nyad - Don't lose heart!!!!
Joan Benoit Samuelson, 53, 2:50 at Boston. Yeah! She congratulates me on my Ipod.
Women's wheelchair winner - what a story:

Boston wheelchair winner - 46yrs old!!!
Looks like Boston marathoners have good #running weather.  Good luck to all.
I am a #runner - I have a lot more t-shirts then you.
Interval #runs will increase your speed.  Hard, easy.  Most sport watches have an interval mode.
@IBXRun10 I just read about an 88yr old runner.  That's my goal.
For a great list of races to do check out the new 
My fight is not with age. Running has won that battle for me. Running is my fountain of youth, my elixir of life. It'll keep me yng forever.
When it comes to #running others can guide and suggest but only u can do the necessary work.
There are no points for style in the marathon (title of a NY Times article on #running form.
As a runner if you are doing your best you are already a winner.
Sudden increase in temps will affect u.  Adjust accordingly until ur thermostat resets.
“I shall find a way or make one.”    Mattew Peary.
Sun shining; temps climbing; get outside!
Chilly morning but a beauty:  studies show being in green environ lowers stress - a lot.  Get out on a trail run.
In long-distance #running the only opponent you have to beat is yourself, the way you used to be.”   
  ―     Haruki Murakami
I often hear someone say I'm not a real runner. We are all runners, some  just run faster than others.  
 -Bart Yasso
Beautiful weekend coming up - good training or racing to all.
Delco Roadrunners has a group run in Havertown on Thursdays at 6:30PM: 
If you would like to do groups run or training check out Bryn Mawr Running Club:  
Great local #run coming up: Kevin Cain 5K: 
@NYCRunningMama is giving away a @Garmin Forerunner 10 GPS watch. Details here: 
Outside Magazine on all things #running: 
Worrying about not being good enough will become self fulfilling. #running requires only that you start and persevere.
"But I will hold on, I will hold on hope Oh, I  will hold on:8 mile run what the ipod goddess served up...I will hold on.  Pretty neat.
@JeffGalloway used walk/run on 8 mile run this am.  Feel great.  Will practice with w/r and use it at Broad Street.
Bad habits(1 do a lot) - head down looking at feet.  Heads up safer and you get more O2
Beautiful day on hand - great for a long run. Just think Boston Marathoners are in taper!
Good reason to DNF - severe pain.  Bad reason fear, embarrassment, disappointment.  Learn even from a bad day.
Breaking bad habits:Crossing your hands over the midline of ur body is a big one Keep ur elbows moving front to back - ur hands will follow.
Music on no music debate on the #run.  This article slants music: 
...any number is a limit, and perfection doesn’t have limits. Perfect speed, my son, is being there.” 
 ― Richard Bach
"Play not only keeps us young but also maintains our perspective about  the relative seriousness of things. Running is play,.. Jim Fixx
From Broad Street Run - 7 wks!  Yikes!
First day of spring - great #running days ahead.  Are you ready?
Sage Racing Advice For Any Event: How not to blow your race before you get to the starting line. 
If you #run you are a runner.  Don't buy other people's labels.  Name yourself.
Cold bike ride.  Really old man winter move on.
Last winter pickle run was in the snow!  Ok spring your turn.
seen on the net:  begin while others make excuses;work while others are wishing;persist while others are quitting
Relief for Shinsplints 
'whether you're a veteran or rookie there is somethings you can do better.  Don't stop exploring or asking for advice.
One of those no excuses days.  Be outside. Perfect run weather.
Ran the Shamrock Shuffle this AM.  Miffed that the age groups stopped at 50+.  Why?
Last chance?!?!for a snow run.  Go for it.
Even if you are not running Broad Street you can get great training tips from their site:

#running asks us to forsake pleasurse, to discplne the body...and to becme one's own person, utterly and  completely."  G. Sheehan
Local Run-Saturday-1030am-Shamrock Shuffle at Sacred Heart Church.  Great start to spring running season.
Remember nutrition and hydration aren't only for race day.  Eat and drink well everyday.
It's going to be wet tomorrow - good thing Wednesdays are for spin class.

You can #run an hour on stored energy.  On longer runs refuel.  Practice refuels before the big race.
A little more light everyday.  Enjoy the chill we will be complaining about the heat soon enough.
Without risks there can be nothing new.  S. McPherson
Consistency is the key to good training.  Have a rest day but otherwise do something everyday.
Hasn't Jeff Galloway been preaching walk/run for years?
There are dozens of training programs to improve your #run but only one way to fail - do nothing.
if you run early morning or late evening can you be seen.  Make sure you are reflective.
Good running requires good pacing.  Practice threshold running so that you will know what pace works for you.
It's still chilly but remember dress for 10 minutes out not the start.
#Running can be hard. Have a schedule; have a start checklist, but most of all have goals big and small.  Inspire yourself.
Runners do better with a strong core.  Resistance training should be part of your program.
Crocuses are up!  Spring can't be too far away.  Get that long #run in.
#endurance expo.  Olympic distance triathletes, ultrarunners,200 mile bikers.  Yikes!  Now I know hardcore.
"There will never be a day when we won't need dedication,discipline,energy, and the feeling that we can change things for the better." G.S.
Endurance Expo at Oaks tomorrow.  I will never buy a $6000 bike but it's fun to look Even if u don't do tri's chk it out.
Goals are great.  Hard practices are great. But if you don't have fun you won't persevere. Enjoy your runs.
Spring racing season is starting soon.  A 5K makes a great training run.
#broadstreetrun I'm in.  If your in the lottery check your email.
You create your own stage and your audience is waiting - Chinese Fortune Cookie
Seen on the web:  Don't wait to get motivated; get started as if you were motivated.
Great pickle #run at Ridley Creek Park.  No off course this time because of great marshals.  Tx guys.
Last chance to enter Broad Street Lottery; Pickle Run tomorrow at 3PM - Ridley Creek Park.
Alberto Salazar
No excuses.  Bright sunshine - high 40F - get out there #running
Snow #running.  Be careful but what a great day for a run; beautiful sky and clouds.
#Run for good health, competition, companionship, but always have fun.
@IBXRun10 Reg'd w/o a hitch.  Distance question confused. On purpose there is no 5K distance.
Broad Street Lottery has started.  Will last 2 weeks but I'm already reg'd
Great weekend running to celebrate Groundhog's day.  Clear,crisp today.  A snow #run tomorrow.
don't know whether to enter a race or not: try Freakonomics experiment:  
1f you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds' worth of distance run, Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,  Kipling
Last day of January.  Spring races just around the corner.  Let's get ready.
Psalms 26.2  Test me, O LORD, and try me, examine my heart and my mind; - coincidence??
Training creates good luck.
I saw you out - chilly, rainy, very early running with your group.  Congratulations!
Too messy to run - work on upper body strength - studies show strong core; strong running.
Make sure you get out this weekend - be careful but don't miss the beauty of a post snow run.
@BMRCMedia Clear air, sun off the snow, mini-snowstorms when the wind blows snow of the trees.
@PhillyRun @PhillyInquirer Lovely run - some iffy spots but mostly easy going - neat when the wind blows the snow from the trees.
Running puts you in touch with the real world and that makes you more human.
new fav quote:  "You can do this dude"...Sloane Stephens to herself about to win Aust. Open
@IBXRun10 @PhillyRun Very nicely done.
@byJenAMiller thought Jim's letter was thoughtful.  I'm in because of streaker status - 10+ runs guarantee entry.  Fee is a bargain.
@rickygervais you do realize that chi's are a human creation&gt;
1st pickle run tomorrow at Ridley Creek.  Event is sold out. But next 2 still open.
Warmer temps coming - let's get outside.
Start of a new running season.  Pickle runs are great fun.  1st is 19 Jan.
“Remember that failure is an event, not a person.” Z. Zigler
It's only cold if you are not running.
Enjoy the season - run a Reindeer Romp or Jingle Bell.
Chilly Chilly tomorrow altho it looks to be a beautiful day - early clouds giving to sunshine - mild
Fun run - run to see the holiday lights in your neighbor but run safely - make sure you can be seen.
Runners are not being chased.  Runners are chasing:  fitness but also mindfulness and yes camaraderie.
2 inescapable facts: 1st someday we will die.  And 2nd, we are not dead yet.  We can't control when but we can decide how.
The next few quotes/paraphrases are from Running The Edge by A. Goucher and T. Catalano
On Being Not Dead 
Average T'giving meal - 2500 calories.  About what you use in a 4hr marathon.  
Get out there running.
Almost rolled over for more sleep but thought tomorrow is Thanksgiving better burn some calories.
1st annual Chilly Chilly Trail Run Saturday, December 1st at 11am at the Haverford Reserve.  chk Haverford Recreation.
In the reserve a fat red fox and near Merion GC a beautiful stag shedding its antlers.  Love fall running.
Wow! Perfect weather for the marathon.  Should be lots of PRs. Good luck to all.
Good luck to all the marathoners!
@higdonmarathon of course Elmo may spend those 4 yrs in prison.
Late fall running means clouds/cold but also beautiful light on golden trees.  Look for newly revealed squirrel nest.
good advice from i love to run: declutter your running - too many conditions stop you from going!
Fall and running like turkey and stuffing:
sign up for a turkey trot.  
There will never be a day when we won't need dedication, discipline, energy, and the feeling that we can change things for the better." G.S.
Run like this:  
Great 5 mile run thru the Zoo. Put it on your to do list.  Has a cool relay option.
If I were to be remembered for anything at all, I would want that to be I was authentic. No Mas. Run free!" Micah True
Broad Street Ten Miler entries will be by lottery this year.  Good luck.
"Reach for what you cannot" N. Kazantzakis
Mayor B. just announced NY Marathon will go.

Not an endorsement - reviews of the product not good but the ad is cool:

Local run this Sunday:  
Be safe - we will run after the storm.
Admit it you do it. Calvin and Hobbes @GoComics - 
Good luck to all the soggy racers out there.
You have a choice. You can throw in the towel, or you can use it to wipe the sweat off of your face.- Gatorade ad
...go in any direction, fast or slow.., seeking out new sights just on the strength of your feet and the courage of your lungs. J. Owens
Enjoy your weekend runs!  Looks like Mon and Tue will be stormy.  Do you dreadmill in bad weather?
St. Crispin's day: We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother;
.. running is a form of play, something that should be fun.  Scott Jurek
“Out on the roads there is fitness and self-discovery and the persons we were destined to be.”  G. Sheehan
Every kind of run this weekend - big, small, trails, roads chk 
We all live in cages with the doors wide open.  George Lucas
Fall (in love with) running. 
The answer to life is more life.  You must seek the limits of the possible and then go beyond.  G. Sheehan.
Brilliant morning - great running weather - what are you waiting for...
What are you doing inside? Get out and run.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I--
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.
--Robert Frost
The only way to run out of chances is to stop taking them.
Believe you can:  
I know it's terrible to remind you that winter is coming but here are cold weather tips:

lots of runs upcoming - local - St. Denis Haunt Jaunt 27 Oct -see 
A sad story:  
This is no excuse running weather - not too hot, not too cold.  Enjoy these runs.
If you haven't run the Reserve you should. Here's my account:     
    [Open in new window]
I like this:  Hills hurt, couches kill.
@RunningQuotes so what is it: run w/o rules or run with a purpose.  I like cg's my purpose is no purpose.
@errrica no music - but if you must - we are young by fun
...the moment my legs began to move, my thoughts began to flow.  Throreau
Sometimes you need to step outside, get some air, and remind yourself who you are and who you want to be.  Run The Edge
It's ridiculous to love running - love it anyway.
Beyond the vry extm of fatigue and distress, we may fnd amnts of ease and power we never dreamed ourselves to own. W. James
@BartYasso Ran a 5K.  Second in the 60+ age group. good news winner was 68!!!
"Let us live so that when we come to die, even the undertaker will be sorry." M. Twain
Race results: 
Good rest, good hydration, good run, good luck!
Here's an aerial view of the course: 
This may help tomorrow:  
Haverford Day is all about celebrating our heritage.  What better way then running Darby Creek.
Out on the roads there is fitness and self discovery and the persons we were destined to be.  G. Sheehan
Saturday morning as you top the hill be proud of your accomplishment!
Last minute decider - that's ok come out Saturday.
Weather looks perfect for running.  Are you ready for Saturday!
Pre-register at 
@NikeRunning Glass medal, Wineglass, Corning, Ny
When we run, we will ourselves to be the best we can be. That is all that matters. Our tribe expects nothing less. Burfoot/Hirsch
Ran the hill - tough but exhilerating - go for it.
You know what I am training for - LIFE
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.  J. Ryun
Run easy, run light, run free....Micah True
I do not run to add days to my life - I run to add life to my days.  R. Rook
The endurance athlete is the ultimate realist. - Marty Liquori
This should make you glad to run and glad to run for Merry Place! 
Perfect weekend for a long run.  Good luck to all the Rock and Roll runners!
The common man reaches excellence by making demands on himself. Dr. Sheehan
Let's take advantage of this beautiful weather to get in quality training,
In your training remember soreness is ok - stress, rest, but persistent pain is not - get it checked out.
"Fitness has to be fun.If it is not play, there will be no fitness. Play, you see,is the process. Fitness is merely the product." G.Sheehan
Believe in yourself,know yourself, deny yourself, and be humble. 4 principles of training - John Treacy
Early morning long run saw three doe at College and Tunbridge.  Who was more surprised? Nice reward for being out there.
Amy Winnemore writes about the 2011 Race: 
"The miracle isn't that I finished. The miracle is that I had the courage to start."
-John Bingham
Bid me run and i will strive with things impossible... Wm. Shakespeare
Motivations to run. 1. Sign up for race!! 
Remember running is not about the number of miles you train. Focus on getting fit, staying healthy. Consistency will pay off! - Run The Edge
Running Times defines trail running as:  unpaved, natural obstacles, elevation changes, scenic.  Get them all at the Haverford Reserve.
Training is a case of stress management. Stress and rest, stress and rest. B. Johnson.
@KaraLaFleur for some inspiration and tips try @HaverfordDay5k.  Good luck!
In running it doesn't matter whether you come in first, in the middle...,or last.  You can say "I have finished".   F. Lebow.
Entering the Haverford Reserve:  Patch of cone flowers, dozens of golden finches. It is a beautiful place to run.
Hills: You entered a marathon with hills? You idiot.  Don Kardong
I like hills because u can see the top…  once you got to the top it’s behind u, and u feel u have conquered something.  Rob de Castella
2012 Winners!!!!! 
Run with your heart not with your legs
The course is shown on this google map:
:   
“A lot of people run a race to see who’s the fastest.  I run to see who has the most guts.”  - Steve Prefontaine
Let's be honest - you may need this workout to prepare of Oct 6: 
Tough runs don't last - tough runners do.
The difference between a jogger and a runner is a race bib.  (hat tip to Dr. Sheehan)
It's not going to be easy; it's going to be worth it.
The new course will challenge you but reward with a great course.
Get ready for a great October 5K race.
