Am abut to embark on a month long alcohol holiday (ie without alcohol). I rather enjoy these holidays.
Reaching, reaching for reasoning by analogy to turn observation into a series.
Instead of marching against the Tories, try marching to call on Conservative expertise.

Fight Austerity, Fight the Tories - March on the State Opening of Parliament on May 27th:... 
And here he is on the subject of quantum mechanical reality 
This is how physicists give medical advice. Take it away, Richard Feynman - 
This orthotic device in shoe has transformed my life, but not cured the damage done by fall when I was stone cold sober.
Journalist &amp; ed. like me is no more sedentary than GP in local practise, unless journalist/ed has had life/finance destroyed by lying medics
Like I say, today's medics would section philosopher Berkeley -- in their arrogant ignorance.
Or do U seek to undermine patient complaints HBGP by blackening their name? Throwing libel at people whose life with silence U'v destroyed.
Were U sickened HBGP that I should be recovering from medical abuse, was that Y U sent malicious libel to cause profound distress?
RU proud,HBGP medics&amp;support staff, of yr malicious libel, that seeing U should B experience of such distress with zero to do with illness?
It's measure of medical arrogance&amp;greed 4 power over equals in their supporters that those diagnosed with "mental" illness cant understand.
Arrogance inculcated by UKMHAct &amp; its unfounded assumptions undermine communication; misdiagnoses such as that of me seem are inevitable.
The language mental illness has done more damage to law, medicine &amp; rational analytic thought than any other phrase in history of medicine.
If you want to know who we are: 
North Korea - nuclear submarines -- STAND TO.
That was then, and this is now. If GPs don't curb non GPs and non clinical they may find selves struck off.
What will the content of the UK Bill of Rights be - there is more than one way to skin a cat.
After my appt on 23-3-2004 did GPs without my consent or informing me instigate appt with Dr Balraj? Her notes are lying, ignorant rubbish.
On 23-03- 2004 when I kept GP appt. had psychiatric people from Calderdale Royal already written to HBGP? Why didn't you tell me what said?
Rip all power of co-ercion from medical profssion in all acts of parliament. Only law is fit to wield such power -- they are not.
Is it a norm for Halifax A&amp;E to ask patients if they've thought of self harm, or is that reserved for middle-aged women?
Is it possible cause my damaged hand existed before I think, &amp; was to me symptomless, &amp; it's co-incidence symptoms correlate with 2006 fall?
That second glass of white might have been a mistake.
Stop arresting people with the MHAct, so-called mental illness could actually be a valid defence.
I either liked, respected &amp;/or loved the people who in 2004 with bitching, belittling bigotry destroyed my life. The MHAct let them destroy.
How many people have had lives destroyed by police arresting with MHAct when arrested has done zero wrong (&amp; actually isn't mentally ill)?
If I had assaulted a human being would you, Halifax Police, have hidden that charge behind arrest under MHAct?
Halifax Police how many others have you arrested with the MHAct then lied and said the arrested di not understand you?
Hebden Bridge Grouop PRactise did you use family connections between Dr Wild and his brother in Aberdeen to get me arrested lawlessly?
Hebden Bridge Group Practsie  - am I the only patient who you have with your silence sought to criminalise?
Hebden Bridge Group Practise do you accuse all your patients with damaged hands who drop something of being abusive?
Hebden Bridge Group Practise is it your norm to throw accusations without asking the accused if they plead guilty or not guilty?
Hebden Bridge Group Practise when I asked for your complaints procedure in 2004 why did you not send it?
Hebden Bridge Gp Practise when in 04-05 in self defense I tried to change surgery, did you block me from doing so?
Are you hoping if you prove me not mentally ill (&amp; I'm not) you will convict me of crime. You won't - because I'm not criminal.
In days of Blue Tooth &amp; Wi-Fi  thinking someone speaking on hands free mobile isn't psychosis. I didn't know Ludd. Foot in dark ages in 2004
Not one of the things I have said I had done were psychosis --
I do not care what intentions were, what you did was steal my life because you thought selves better than me, and me of no account.
I would love to get hell out of Calder Valley, sadly Calder Valley made that well nigh impossible.
@NHSGrampian Phil Wild psych nurse of Sclare is bro Dr Wild HB Gp Practice. Did they cook up lawless arrest by police?I want them struck off
Hebden Bridge Gp Pratice:you started abuse. Put it right. Get your pigshit psych diagnoses off my record. Remove your bitching libel.
Were there phone calls behind my back as police &amp; medics sought to meet  needs of lying bitch, psychiatrist Dr M Balraj. want her struck off
I've not hallucinated, misperceived, heard voices or thought me what I'm not. Was it sexist snobbery or stupidity enabling yr misdiagnosis?
Does the vicious malicious libellous bitch behind your abusive offensive letter to me still work for you, Hebden Bridge Group Practise?
Dr Wild of Hebden Bridge Gp Practise you have bro who's psych nurse Aberdeen. Was my Scots holiday stopped by Aberdeen police by your abuse?
When in late 04/05 I realised what liars Hebden Bridge Group Practise are I tried to change surgeries and was refused--my rights pissed on.
45 years since I last missed a bus stop -- well done, Helen for making that mistake so rarely. Knew there was a reason I left this Valley.
New resolution? Enjoy every second of every day.
What a terrible, terrible shame, accidentally wiped all the photographs my sister gave me off that USB --- do hope she has back ups.
If you have a problem with my quotes blame 1960s/70 Calderdale Libraries' fire sales.
"Burn stilly, thou ..." It's called Irish mysticism.
"That grave small face, but twelve hours here, 
Maps secrets stranger than the seas' ..."
The Tories went soon after the Whigs -- the battle is today, not yesterday.
We shall overcome. 
We shall overcome someday.

"..., Clad nape to sole in shimmering foil of lead, --- Aping the rainbow,... And sawdust trickled from his wounded side."
"Then, when all else must fail. Stepped from the dark to me ..." Hands off my metaphors and analogies, save for consensual modification...
I tried retweeting Cllr Susan Press saying Lab. won in Tod local election. I challenge being blocked retweet as attack on freedom of speech.
Fascinating to read CIOJ never ceded copyright to publishers, even as NUJ did. Well done. Considering copyright share with mag/paper title.
Read reviews neuropsychopharmacol on bus home, missed stop. 1/2 hr in Hebden waiting bus back Mytholmroyd - should have gone into .Trades.
Was ushering at Square Chapel yesterday and heard Robin Ince - very funny, phenomenal energy, carried the audience, and ace performance,
So now I have insight into Locke, Berkeley and Hume. Medics would adore Locke, and section Berkeley -- Hume might throw them
It was the NUJ and CMBC (then led by Labour) and the NUJ who sought to take what chance I had to survive.
Was it  jealousy at the existence of WTC which made CMBC move to take the leeway that gave those with nothing.
In your name - you the people -  and by their employees my life was destroyed, did I desecrate the statue of women from WWI? No.
As of 4 May, 2015 I'm member of Chartered Institute of Journalists. On 6 July 2014 I resigned from NUJ because of policy, but wish them well
Am I the only one who thinks the people might be in a bad mood?
skimming essay on Locke in defence of my human right to be other than omniscient
Oh, oh freedom -
How could a collection of neuro synapses have sufficiently understood killing and stealing as wrong, such as to create a code of conduct?


<BLACK RIGHTWARDS ARROW> 
#blog par @ClaireChickly htt…
Well they sound like they might be geese of some kind --
I think it's the Canadian geese overhead, as I tweet, think and write my current article.
This is how the United States sees Britain  -- 
Run that bit about trans nationalism past me again - 
When we go rolling home -- brave hearts --- 
htt…
The UK establishment are the people, not old Etonians -- have you really not yet grasped that reality - hit diggity?
I love Scotland, but have they noticed their policies are totally distorting also England and Wales?
By the way I love Scotland, but what makes them think they're so badly done to and in worse way than poor in England.
Now I want to know how the ++++ the brain dead diagnoses which threw my life away came about. Sclare-what the hell were you playing at
Loosing it when utterly distraught isn't being abusive, but loose it in Hebden Bridge Gp Practise I didn't do. Letter to me was despicable.
Musings - the island of Dr Moreau, action at a distance - gravity  -- Taylorism. The UK Supreme Court having a hissy fit.
Why not get job. Good idea, if it weren't for brain dead medics&amp;libellous receptionist. Get off  knees, hobble their power.
Why don't U understand those with 0 have 0 to fall back&amp;can't call on credit to grow/smooth cash flow, especially if Council/Union piss on U
British local gov can destroy sole traders by interving without discussion, defining their business to make unviable. They need curbing.
Get of your bitching bimbette sanctimonious high horses: this stinking State nearly killed me, contributed to bankruptcy &amp; destroyed my life
I found Texans did not always understand my accent. I didn't take offence.
I can live with not being liked, but am sick of the stinking abuse, lying malicious defamation and actualy bodily harm by the State.
Much as I hate vicious language aimed at politicians, I hate hurt politician causes with stinking nastiness blocking well wisher retweet.
Bimbettes of the sodding world unite. Lawless arrest, effort at lawless eviction, where the hell were the sanctimonious bimbettes then?
Tell me Cllr Susan press did you block me retweeting you cos you oppose freedom of speech? I regret endorsing you as expert on press&amp;media.
I'm so god damn sick of how for 11 years those I'd liked and respected turned round an pissed on me publicly and lawlessly.
Should Cllr Susan Press now ever seek my vote for anything it will not be forthcoming - unutterably nasty to block a well wisher retweet.
Despite objecting to local NUJ paying Hebden Bridge Town Hall 10 quid and so undermining freedom of press to be critical, I'm not NUJ enemy.
It's mindlessly pathetic councillor should be as viciouskly defamatory as Cllr Suan Press blocking a well wisher retweet. I was well wisher.
It's despicable a GP receptionist paid by public money should make false malicious allegations against someone who'd done her no harm.
Am learning nastiness in Calder Vally. Be clear I didn't hurt you, you hurt me. I welcomed incomers. I was one in London&amp;Wash DC (not here).
Blocked by Cllr Susan Press from retweeting her. I respected her. I quiver NOT. Cos unlawful effort to evict me from my Tod office in 2005?
For views I've stated publicly I accept people may hate me, but I'd done nothing to deserve the abuse of when it destroyed my life in 2004.
I find it worrying Lord Steel, who understood abortion is not murder, hasn.t understood that student tuition fees is V. important issue.
Are you still deluding self the MHAct is anything but bigoted garbage based on stupidity &amp; condescension? It has heart and mind of a rapist.
It's sickening the misery wreaked by lawyers turning blind eye, medics writing lies &amp; Chinese whispering. In your name my life was destroyed
It is totally unacceptable that when I first in 2014 asked Hebden Bridge Group practise for their complaint process they ignored me.
Since 2004 the nanny State with lies, ignorance, arrogance, condescension and seeking to manage what was not its destroyed my life.
I'm tekkie but think pace of new tech makes life miserable for many in 1st world. Consider tech meant to help you, doesnt help them.
Diffraction, interferometry, reflection naturally spring to mind when thinking nanoscale. 
I think there's danger of misunderstanding of physical chemistry in simplicity of manner Prof. Al-Rodhan described nanoscale properties.
Views of Prof. Nayef Al-Rodhan, whom I heard speak yesterday at Leeds University Law school, on subject of human amorality are interesting.
The MHAct is rape minded abusive crap empowering uneducated to physically abuse anyone saying what not liked.
Was it really so much to ask that you ask me if those stinking accusations of malice made aganst me on 23rd July  2014 were true.
What power crazed malice drove that stinking abusive accusations in that malicious letter sent to me by Hebden Bridge Gp Practise on 27th
Look into your lying, malicious bitcing hearts &amp; ask selves why so desperate to destroy me&amp;my life by calling me mentally ill when I wasn't?
How many hundreds of thousands has this country wasted in its sick effort to get me (WRONGLY) to see myself as mentally ill - when I wasn't?
After despicable State abuse 04-08 &amp; lawyers turning blind eye did CMBC splt my work excluding me &amp; trash my recovery from State abuse? YES.
Did those paid by public money from 2004-08 destroy my life? YES.
Did I make right decisions 2002? Yes, but screwed 2004 by Uni. Manchester &amp; Prof M Worboys (then CHSTM). Was acquittal right and just? Yes.
Funny is it to you the way lying medics absued and trashed my life and good name - starting their stinking malice again on 23-7-2014?
After despicable State abuse by people payed with public money 2004-08 did I know how to rescue my business? Sure-but Council screwed that.


Has public sector or those paid by public money trashed your life &amp; earnings? They did that to me &amp; mine - with abuse, lies &amp; trickery.
Every time politicians talk about working people, they exclude the unemployed, the disabled, the old, those screwed by politics etc etc etc
Increase tax for NHS on those with two homes both used by them, other than MPs in State housing -- and not according to means.
New arguments at top of UK Labour party? Then quit claiming NHS belongs to you alone and can be protected only by you.
-- time to switch from lazing on a Sunday afternoon on Radio Leeds to R4 --- save me, save me ----

One more wet tripe comment and I resign as a Yorkshire woman ----
Let's hear it for the F.E.U. -- It's a terrible thing to loose -- it took everything ...
NOON pips.



Time to make mincemeat of neuro philosopy. And I have a few words to say on the subject of physical chemistry,
Fab tune, Radio Leeds -- the only one who could ever reach me --- when he started sweet talking me ...
World at One starts at 12.45 today....
Conservatives in power in Keighley - says BBC Radio Leeds -- Farewell EDF and BNP - -- come on you blues.
Wednesdays 6.30-8.30pm from 13 May &gt; 
If it is northern hall mark to use repulsive language re politicians as wet tripe I want the northern power house shut down -- Sarcasm,
Trying to get my BT, Talk Talk and Vodafone packages working together. Love this Hewlett Packard thingy. Gorgeous Windows 8.1 device.
Three hours sleep  need more coffee - story for sale to write. Preparing to download Pingit.
Do not be afraid .... am waiting for date of operation to help my hand...
Am waiting Talk Talk to send my settings for 3G locally-ie GPRS browsing&amp; text. in allowed limit external to comms package is 10 not 5 quid.
Think I've just heard BBC Radio Leeds say that local election count (where?) begins at 2 pm.
Such a parcel of rogues in a nation ..... COMMENT
Tweets naming BBC because am, post 10 am, listening to BBC Radio Leeds.
BBC reports Nick Clegg, leader or the Lib Dems, has resigned. Er, as leader or lib dems, or leader of lib dems. Resigned as what?.
I have no reason to doubt the accuracy of the BBC reporting, and was awake from about 3 as the results rolled in over Radio 4.
BBC has reported the Conservatives have held the Calder Valley with a majority reduced by a couple of thousand - but still solid majority.
BBC has reported 326 Conservatives now elected, thus are single party government, and David Cameron going to see The Queen at lunch time.
The BBC has reported that Labour has held Halifax, UK with a narrow majority.
Universal credit may well make sense, but zero hour contracts and splitting sole traderships into two businesses is a crap idea
Anyone having to fall back on WTC with hsing benefit, needs continuity in income week on week.
If it's a zero hour contract, then the job does not exist - use freelance.
@lemondefr I oppose death penalty in all situs -- it give bad example.The human race needs the death penalty &amp; corporal punishment banning.
@MentalHealthCop If my ed advisors R in favour, would you be willing to let me interview you for INDIGO? Generic not pre action interview?
Means testing is a bad idea because the children of the wealthy can also be bullied. LET'S GET FISCAL.
@The_IoD I think texts bad but like idea of hand written sales letter in post - idea came up at superfast westyokshire social media 4 bus.
Can a piece of democratic legislation be criminal, or merely trespass? Where's the chief Rabbi -- I call the chief Rabbi.
Could it B trespass is without knowledge, Greed not always theft &amp; theft not always greed, &amp; greed independent of biology, so what is crime?
If you don't understand the value of my websites then could you not denigrate my work, please.
Wow -- Science, Peoploe &amp; Politics issn 1751 598x sure is benefiting from all my hard work on my two, formerly three, websites.
Yes know I need to mobile compatibility - I should be - my html &amp; css R good &amp; light, my objects where should be, now need reduce file size.
Successfully opened WAMP server, wondering what to do within local host--&amp; how. All cos I know bandwidth being used &amp; want to know how much.
The homework mentors don't have to be one on one, could be small groups once week, say - not to take jobs, nor be slaves.
qualified teachers in class room-patient volunteer tutors as back up non means tested support-people with degrees happy mentor thru homework
Yup == am definitely going to keep paying my hosting company.
Oh good -- lots of new vocab to learn 
Time for a nice cup of Earl Grey
What needs considering about ECT &amp; MHACT is both are rape, lawless and do not understand informed consent, and they murder.
Installing WAMP development environment. I'm not doing this as alternate to my hosting company. Am still wrestling. 
@leonacraig I was unaware until today of Craig Mattoli's death. Though I never met him I loved the art he tweeted. Heartfelt commiserations.
To be specific, it 's Dr M Balraj, psychiatrist, Calderadel Royal, Halifax, W. Yorks who in 2004 I assert is a lying fraud in medical notes.
The question is whether a pgp key would resolve my server issues, or the problem is a "switch" to flick on my laptop.

One could have volunteer army academic tutors--with degrees &amp; local authority supervision, few hours/week, To level playing field. No PGCE.
Tart!
Good morning.
Frustrating day trying to get a server to work - now grasped need to understand pgp keys.
A levels (mine from 70s anyway) demonstrate ability to absorb capacity of 2yrs knowledge,then show undersanding in reasoning under pressure
WAMP SERVER FORUM 
The magazine I edit is neutral in the forthcoming UK election. Let the people decide.

I retain view Hebden Bridge Gp Practise GPs know their job.I keep intent to take Dr D Burley to GMC for negligently not telling me diagnosis
I had my bank holiday on Friday, so today is a work day for me. No calls from people thinking I.ve had a work accident. I haven't.
Stop Councils arbitrarily deciding mix of VATable sales (goods&amp;services) constitute viable income--they screwed my recovery from State abuse
What is the sick vicious nasty thing inside you which wanted me to be guilty, rejoiced in thought I was.
You may think it acceptable for doctors to seek to criminalise by withholding diagnoses - I do not.
You may think it acceptable for a witless arrogant psychiatrist to have lied through her arrogant ignorant teeth -- I o not.
You may think it acceptable to drive some one to bankruptcy with lies,
derision, belittlement, absue and lack of explanation. I do not.
You may think it acceptable for medics to seek to drug you against will for symptom you've never had, &amp; to assault you in process - I don't.
You may think it acceptable for a Council to split your paying work into two businesses, thus starving both, then seek to blame you-I don't
You may think it acceptable for psychiatrists to lie in their notes, and make bigoted diagnoses of ignorance. I don't.
You may want to live in place where NHS practise manager (HBGP) passes on despicable malicious accusations of what you've not done. I don't.
You may want to live in a country where duty defence solicitor charges for her work, but give you no explanation -- I don't.
You may want to live in country where defence solicitors don't come to police station, I don't.
Ta for inviting me out, but I really do not want that second glass of wine.
Against accidental chronological precedence becoming a basis for nationalism in Antarctica 
Free museums must act as such, so all may access, &amp; not be made to feel guilty if don't have fiver.Those saying it's only pennies R idiots.
University students must stand up for self and make clear they claim what they do is work -- it is - and very important work.
There's zero emeritus in way Prof. M Worboys, whom I admired, refused  reasonable explanation of words 16/3/04.Life destroying wrong was his
I loved time with you as a postgrad res. student &amp; wish my fellow uni of Manchester students well. I was one of you. 
I actually think our vying party leaders are a pretty competent and able bunch - think I might have got off fence,  my secret.
If I'd been male author and journalist asking if I could speak to the duty inspector (in uniform)  would you have called me psychotic?
Even as your police lied 20/6/04 I couldnt understand, your duty solicitor gave me no explanations. Did you UK people pay her?
I had no mental illness, was no threat  to self or others &amp; your medics threw my life away.Your duty solicitor didnt come to police station
May you never live in the fear and utter despair your stinking bitching bmbette bigots and negligent lying medics put me through.
REPEAL THE STINING OBSCENITY OF THE THICK AS PIGSHIT CONCEPT OF MENTAL ILLNESS AND THE SHITE MHACT OF BIGOTRY.
When I needed a friend you were not there.
When I needed a healer you were not there.
If being arrested unlawfully and called condescending by bimbettes who know nothing of me is how you love one another -- piss off.
I tried to act discretely,respectfully,courteously&amp;you,Police,medics, M J Stanfield abused your little power.You destroyed more than my life
Why haven't I received apology from Hebden Bridge Gp Practice for despicable malicious letter 27/4/14 and foul accusations 23/4/14?
Yes I was acquitted - yes from my first approach to police 3st Jan 2004 I was doing what I should and with respect.
How many unlawful arrests other than mine have police covered with obscene MHAct by saying arested couldnt understand - Oh I bloody could,
Police dont have right to galumpoh about place arresting who they want without explanation to arrestee -- could legal prifession grasp that?
How many injustices have been done because the duty solicitor did not explain in person to the victim (ME) what they had done?
How many unlawful arrests have police got away with because the defence solicitor did not turn up at the police station?
How many unlawful arrests by Halifax Police have been covered by Halifax defence solicitors assuming guiltn in heir clients?
Tell me, you negligent bitch,Dr M Balraj, was it my concern re intrusion to my home/office you thought pychotic&amp;let you throw my life away?
I wake after 11yrs of stinking garbage not second worth having because medical lying bastards tried to cover their negligent crap.
11 yrs since 2nd rate arrogant bimbtte psychiatrist-Dr M Balraj-Calderdale Royal - thought reality of my pro. life (WRONGLY) was psychosis
I'm becoming increasingly interested in becoming a herbivore.

Repeat: 6-7-14 I resigned from NUJ on internal policy Q &amp; think strikes no longer good industrial tool.I'm not NUJ enemy.I remain journalist
I repeat that though I resigned on 6-7-2014 in policy protest, I am not NUJ enemy - actually am their friend.
@BBCAmos I think important question is how one can give adequate warning one will happen. As well, of course, of building to resist tremors.
Your 2004 diagnoses and arrests are still criminally inexcusably viciously lying disrespectful bigoted ignorant garbage and wrong.
In compliant mode, courtesy family, I've perfect shoe 4 orthotic correct. £10 sale+careful selection. Can still wear nice shoes when needed!
Good luck to participants in tour de Yorkshire
I think the garbage dumped on me in 2004 was so egregious it is criminal. Or utter Pendle witch hunting bigotry.
I'm highly educated pro among top % of my academic cohort of late 70s, &amp; suspect semi literate fuckwits of not knowing their arse from elbow
I'vee never hallucinated, never heard voices, never been manic, never thought myself other than I am, never had positive or neg symptoms.
There's been med speculation I'm paranoid schizophrenic, bipolar have delusional disorder etc... These R criminally incompetent misdiagnoses
If I've been excommunicated -- drop me a line.
My view of J.Christ? Innocent man tortured  to death, who somehow survived to be recognised as unique bodily essence of perfect love ie GOD
And how the sodding hell can the world not see what a totally garbage example it sets the entire world to execute criminals?
Could CMBC pleases et a target of upping its recycling from 59 per cent to 70 per cent.
Would religious figures quit with the crap they talk about mental illness -- have you heard of denial?
Am not contemplating re-opening my Euro or Dollar accounts, unless I move for work, which I've done in past &amp; would be happy to do again.

brilliant -i'm an orthotic convert
OK -- How much does server cost in case I need back up? Research,
My business? Journalism. Editing, Science writing, publishing. Published historian. Significant website creation experience.
Enjoyed Cedar Court modest Lunch&amp;delegate pack at Superfast West Yorkshire Social Media for Business Masterclass - CPD.
Thoroughly enjoyed yesterday taking Social Media for Business Master Class, run by Superfast West Yorkshire. Excellent class mates.
Good to see The Fleece inn among followers.
Who are yobs accessing shared part Londgellow Court flats &amp; leaving tins, cake boxes, plastic bottles, littering with ripped post box doors?
Let landlords set 6,1, 2 and 3yr rent option, with varying sized deposit. Cap rent agency fees - let market settle rent without extra law.
2004 second rate belittling bedlamising Pendle witch hunting statist fuck wits screwed my life to wasted hell and cost UK a fortune.
2002 I correctly identified exact need (self fund part time Ph.D) to maximise lifetime earning&amp;leverage significant pro achievement.
Ensconced at Cedar Court Hotel, Huddersfield ready for Superfast West Yorkshire social media training data dump. We're at coffee stage.
Choice-have grit to stick out if marginalised&amp;discriminated against by lower salary than peer? I went to US&amp;loved it&amp;won big award. Up yours
I never dreamed of quitting my job.When I did it wasnt what I wanted. Perhaps many feel same if find selves marginalised or working in dark
Through Human Eyes, a review by Helen Gavaghan of Fred Pearce's latest book, The New Wild. 
Declared bus exes on tax return should come out of earnings after exes and food and house bills, not from family gifts, until OFF WTC.
There Rxworking hrs/day. I charge VAT. All exes for SOLE trader  earnings should be 1 rev. stream with BIM to justify exes giving one income
And if I am sole trader stop sodding Councils telling me different things people are willing to pay me to do are two different businesses.
The heart symptoms -- as real as you could want them you bedlamising fantasizing Pendle witch hunters.
The squeezed amygdala -- oh yeah -- not paranoia, overcome by me and in response to rational and realistic fear.
Feel free to raise W above inflation &amp; tell whinging bitches greedy for 50p to piss off. Dont cut NICO2 rate for self employed on low income
While I'm self employed dont cut my NICO2. There was no career advise to help me mid career--advisors had insufficient education &amp; ability.
I know M Worboys (CHSTM), police trusted solicitor J Stansfield &amp; medics in arrogant ignorance threw my life away. Leave my NICO 2 in place.
I think drug trafficking is terrible crime, imprisoning people by weakness. But for my sake I oppose death penalty and support imprisonment.
@KBRITokyo Execution &amp; corporal punishment are poor coping methods, setting bad example to World. For my sake I ask you not to execute
My 18 months of mental torment in justice system became hell cos of lying deriding medical shite and abuse. Repeal MHACT. WE SHALL OVERCOME.
Dominion, Colonial and non British nationals fighting in Britain's armed forces in WWII. 
Shell Thursday reporting results, says Barclay Stockbrokers podcast of today Monday 27th. Tuesday on BP. Friday - Lloyds 1st quarter.
Background listening &amp; searches for IT &amp; science context in international political policy world. Nice to hear whose meeting when and where.
Listening to weekly Barclays stockbrokers weekly podcast for non US listeners, talking about strong equity market performance.
Sneaking suspicion structured and unstructured mean v. different things in different contexts.
Debate -- do w3 schools deserve flack they get? Good to hear a developer say something nice about w3 - they deserve it.
Who'll take me on as developer? Having listened to Webmonkey in link just tweeted  I may have boutique skills for you. I'm v IT educible.
Wired Webmonkey podcast recorded 23rd April --

Washington Post view of UK election: World crises may be multiplying, but campaign turns Britain further inward 
Clinton Foundation acknowledges ‘mistakes,’ emphasizes transparency 
Bali nine pair Chan and Sukumaran choose their execution witnesses 
Once again execution sets world citizenry a terrible example. This time police officers will be lawful executioners. 
M2 makes takeover bid for rival iiNet 
Repeal murderous and intellectually incompetent MHACT of trash. Before you destroy the whole civilization of law and decency we've built.
I accuse 2nd rate medics of exploiting educational and intellectual differences in our family to cover their misdiagnosis, lies and abuse.
Tell me Dr M Balraj--do U have problem with white women your intellectual equal? Does that explain your lies? DidUset out to break my family
You sought to cover up your misdiagnosis of me. You sought to criminalise me, and you sought to withhold your thinking &amp; reasoning. Bad move
Patient alone must decide on access medical records and decide who they l permit to see record - ALL RECORDS. Med braclet?
I saw dog after walk with its leg muscles trembling in an uncontrolled manner &amp; thought the dog is better treated than I a human being was.
How many of my fellow citizens have had lives destroyed because belittling 2nd rate bigots accused them of symptoms they did not have?
What do my sibs know of me&amp;my pro life? Zero. Have I mental illness? None. Be sure of that. If I did? Discriminate me at your peril, bigots.
@OUPAcademic Keep the sub, load it instead with most powerful conventional armoury, ban nuclear warfare in same way as bacteriological war.
The MHAct makes a mockery of law. It is effectively procedural less trash written by illiterate bigots.
Had you told me what was happening when it happened I'd have been there for you. I think you did not want me there. I blame medics totally.
As for the letter of hatred U sent in 2005 I'd be ashamed to show that anyome could write such hatred to someoeone abused by police&amp;medics.
My experience 2004? Abusive Police arrest in Halifax &amp; Aberdeen Police. Did I love? Yes, but it was not wanted.
I'm unlucky that in 2004 I got stuck in Calder Valley&amp;driven to bankruptcy by lying busive medics, crap office landlord&amp;bitching bigots.
I'm lucky that til 2004 my life was wonderful. From March that year it became hell on Earth as all I was working&amp;moving to was destroyed.
There is no defence for murder, and murder is not a symptom of mental illness. Stop conflating crime and mental illness.
If I'd known your judgementalism was behind repulsive letter I received from  Samaritans, whom I'd served well, I'd not have borrowed penny.
I will not kill myself. You may look on your destruction of me and my life and rejoice in your bitching, belittling bigotry.
The letter of hatred you sent me in 2005? I have it still. Never did I send such a letter to you, nor think it.
I demanded police custody record of abusive 2004 arrest of me, I read you'd said "keep me informed". You killed my love for you.
In the meantime the science Press might want a quick data dump from an academic Jesuit on the concept of Papal infallibility.
Dear colleagues in the science press, in RC world God is not a superstitious conceptual entity. A core question is how do I not kill?

First order analysis? Nuclear explosion would cause a really crap version of Groundhog Day. Species reach the end of a line.
Wage differential are not about thinking oneself better than another.
Seek to value my time at minimum &amp; you deserve every bankruptcy you generate as you shoot selves in foot. Your problem.
If you want to tap into business use law and tax. Yes I support minimum wage with all in my being. Concentarte on how to increase fairly.
Never doubt that in wilful ignorance and arrogance you wasted and threw away my life, nearly killed me,a nd cost selves a fortune.
Internal market as I understand it I not about capitalism and profit, but fair cost centres, and jurisdiction.
I respect public sector -- there should be no private work of any kind in NHS. Some private medicine on non NHS premises keeps NHS honest.
Quit assuming the public sector is morally superior, and gives more to common good than good business.
Business is not  cash cow for the Charity sector -- it is 2015, not year Utopia. Stop assuming you may take the reserves business builds.
Keep Trident with serious non nuclear armoury, and if Scotland still doesn't want it shift it South. Scotland might still win contracts.
Keep knowledge of how to make nuclear weapons bang up to date, as with bacteriological warfare, which is prohibited.
Separate nuclear weapons from Trident, a nuclear-powered sub, and stop thinking UK has ever acted as US poodle. It hasn't.
OK - 5 hours work from last week to catch up with now.
See ya.
I've no thought negligence I say Dr D Burley practised toward ME is how he has behaved to anyone else. I suspect blame attaches to MHAct.
What I think was negligence might by GMC be viewed legitimately as not medical negligence in context Dr David Burley of HBGP.
My previous 2 tweets relate to 2004. My next two tweets relate to 2004 onward.
My accusations against medics, police and Worboys  are not petty nastiness -- they are not about me.
Until end March my move to may were costed. then M Worboys of CHSTM behaved with wilful stupidity as administrator &amp; hid behind medical crap
I loved Calder Valley. When I chose once again to leave in 2004 having sold home to buy another I was running from zero, moving to something
NEPAL,
Apr-25 06:56 UTC,

I do not doubt diagnostic ability of GPs at Hebden Bridge Group Practise, except Dr D Burley in context of 2004. Him I accuse of negligence.
When derision, belittlement and abuse began in 2004 I'd been back in Yorkshire from professional life &amp; University since 1976 UK only 8 yrs.
I recall  asking supposed friends to contact IPCC. Meaning isnt in words. Had I known what I came to know, complaint would have been other.
I hope to be in contact soon. I have deadly serious intent. 
What are all the ways directly and indirectly the germ line, that which is successful, is modified by artifice.
UK, Argentina, Antarctica, 2015. Editorial by Helen Gavaghan, editor Science, People &amp; Politics issn 1751-598x online 

Object Oriented programming concepts from Java 
Looking forward to attending next week social media training with Superfast West Yorkshire at Cedar Courts between Halifax &amp; Huddersfield.
Offshore island V. global trading asset, discuss with reference to degrees of skill in discovery,
FTC and anti trust law. 
2009 OECD document on countering offshore tax evasion: 
MIT Uranium resources -- 
WISE Urnaium project. 
Uranium as strategic asset. Uranium mining projects South and Central America. 
Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal 

Twiddling brain cells in Hebden Bridge library cos forgot email password.Still lots of neuro connections made when I'm not paying attention.
And who are the yobs who threw trash into nice green space of Longfellow Court. Repulsive thugs. Spoiling view from Canal walk.
Consider creatively concept of capital ships - where can one hit with conventional weapons such that nuclear advantage is negated.
If existing power fired nuclear weapon is there circumstance in which Britain could fire? I don't accept Britain is US poodle. Never have.
Long range nuclear powered submarines seem like a good idea to me - for intelligence gathering and carrying conventional weapons.
Given known consequences of exploding nuclear weapons such as those on Trident what alternate means exist to prevent other nations firing?
What are the circumstances in which it would be legitimate to fire a nuclear weapon from Trident?
No financial or business planning is possible when third parties intervene and impose their ignorance on a business situation.
Did I hear Labour plan NHS surcharge if pay mansion tax? I must be wrong. More if 2 homes works with NHS principle. Attach to mansion tax:NO
@CambridgeHPS Love to have your view of this - 
With apologies to parameciums, but you were at back of my mind:

You lived only a 100 minutes, and gave life -- Hats Off.
Indigo database - items will go in and out of free to view in attempt to comply with non-print legal deposit -- 
Part of delayed iss 4, 2014. Anglo-Argentine relations [Antarctica, Falklands, History, Law]-please  retweet. 
Keywords: Antarctica, UK, Argentina, 1592: 

Arguing from history for new form of governance in Antarctica.

@NHSGrampian  And uncalled for negligent destruction of my life, which even now you could put right, but don't do? You lost moral authority.
Copyright Sources - University of Cambridge 
We could have sign saying no traffic entry except for residents and access at end of terrace from Burnley Rd. Doesn't impact me either way.
Could Trinity Estates turn steps to terrace to Burnley Rd into wheel chair ramp? Maybe persuade CMBC to adopt rest of access to Burnely Rd?
Just shifted rubble from pedestrian access from Longfellow Court to Burnley Road -- now what's happening to that access. I can walk round.
Yes I know wrought iron well kept fence adds to security of ground floor residents at Longfellow Court and that there is no right of way.
Disaster -- I can't find my Nivea.
Lone policeman arrived in circumstance where I think lone policeman could have been endangered. Recently.
Watched car chase in isolated area - policeman got out to chase - he had a dog, so I didn't interfere. My mobile was charged.
Stood as Lord Lieutenant passed - sat down mutinously as the Mayor followed.
At bus station as teenage fight broke out, know police cameras monitor. I broke up fight. Police recovered my shopping stole as I did so.
Watched lone policeman walk isolated area northern town at night (stiff body language) Looked round corner he'd come from. Didn't interfere.
I think police must go out in twos.

How many women in different parts of the UK who know exactly what rape is have found  no investigation or prosecution? How many men?
It is also possible the NHS might also face criminal charges in my case.
htt…
Dear NHS -- you owe my creditors, so make the necessary financial arrangement. And you owe me.
At end of day how about small dorm., privacy curtain, space,disabled access to common area, additional private space &amp; world.
What are the side effects, and how might they manifest themselves?
Is that course of treatment reversible in controlled manner if the patient so requests?
I fail to see why having been  journalist 30+ yrs (from reporter, to editor, to author, &amp; consultant means my skills are non transferrable.
Am happy recipient training dumps from U Leeds (4yr undergrad) U Manchester (postgrad),CPD from U Bradford, HMRC, Bus Link &amp; UKTI. Now what?
BAN THE MASSIVE UNCERTAINTY IN INCOME STREAM OF ZERO HOUR CONTRACTS.
Who was that woman on R4 talking accounts - I understood her. Blame the University of Bradford.
Right - let's discuss these fixed assets.
Ride a cockhorse to Banbury Cross.
I keep telling you: we're moving Hubble.
Dominion and domination 2 different things, but I will defend myself from animal attacks.
Such frugality means my fresh Sainsbury's coffee is brewing in the cafetiere.
Found 2 onions &amp; bunch of herbs at end of use by, rice in cupboard &amp; spices from Tesco basic line noodles (calories &amp; taste). Nice brekkie.
Hand me the circuit diagram, hand me the soldering iron -- hand me the hand turned saw....
You might look down your snooty nose on white collar work. I do not look down my nose on blue collar work.
Private pension funds --- where people have planned and worked -- happy to keep my intellect to self -- quite able to clean, carve and build
More coffee - then global news check. Walk -- and back into my garrett.
Need to find where my Freefind serach boxes are on my websites, &amp; make sure they're correctly edited (by me) and acknowledged. Jolly useful.
I love Champagne.
I have participated in no reciprocity agreement for twitter followers.
I have paid not a single penny for twitter followers.
Finish editorial today for issue 4 2014 &amp; get online. This is magazine in devising. All to be pulled into one issue when other bits done.
Remind me if I buy a second home to set aside a bank account to pay for my health care when taken ill in location of my second home.
As a non public sector employee I have endured more pain, and much of it at hands of the public sector.
Thanks for asking if I have expertise in structured and unstructured language. In fact if I do not. Loved Dr Doolittle as a little girl.
This story is relevant in finding solution to desire for mass migration. 
Int. author, journalist &amp; M Phil student life trashed by medics,police, her lawyer&amp;head of department&amp;now the bimbettes.The joke?I liked you
MHAct? Manna from heaven for small town life destroying viciousness . I was nice person who'd doneUhell of lot less harm than you've done me
When you spoke sharply did I trash your life? You bitching bigoted bimbettes? Never doubt you spoke with nastiness 100x more than I to you
Repeal the MHAct -- and know the life whish in your bitching, bigoted stupidity and belittling nastiness you destroyed you
Delivery included in price : Daysoft : Disposable Contact Lenses: 
The MHAct denies humanity and habeas corpus to those said to be mentally ill -- a bull shit concept of bigoted stupidity anyway.
I was less to British law than a non human primate.
I was less to British police&amp;medics than non human primate. Have U yet grasped yr employees lied thru bigoted teeth? 
@NHSGrampian I was less to you than a non human primate -- Dr P Sclare I had no symptom and you imprisoned me.  
Only half day ill since January 2005 - that's pretty bloody good all things considered.
Ill this afternoon - lost half a day - back on job tomorrow, and got bit done this morning.
I've begun fight back against stealthy weight rise. I enjoy being slim too much to let that happen again - no matter what of life throws.
In July 2014 I resigned from NUJ on matter of principle. I'm not NUJ's enemy. Many of my friends are members of NUJ. I remain a journalist.
While despising the hubris of medical sectioning I would have accepted it was misguided love had you not forced drugs on me against my will.
The gallows are gone, and the husting are rising. 
"The graves a fine and private place, ...."
"My new book is out" on @LinkedIn 
Professional journalism is never a fishing exercise. Don't set your students on me. Walking streets looking for a story is OK.
Report from Times of India re Indian evac. from Yemen - hope we soon see women naval commanders in India. 
Deccan Herald: Dep gov Reserve Bank India yesterday urged integration of eCommerce platforms for faster transactions 
21st April, 2015 China, Pakistan to lift bilateral trade to $20 bn 
21st April, 2015 Ramdev declines Cabinet Minister status, wants to remain baba 
£2000/day may be wrong, but may be right. I analysed &amp; made bus. decision to submit sole trader's petition for bankruptcy. Court made order.
Don't even think about not paying every last penny of Lord Grabiner QC's bill.
The Official Receiver retains beneficial use of 9 of the 1000 called up shares in the company of which I am absolute majority shareholder.
I've never been the NUJ's enemy. I am not now. I've been an MOC &amp;  ran as deputy general secretary of NUJ (2011/12). The winner won. I lost
Journalists are not exempt from employment law.
All my job applications have been for job, not undercover journalism. My journalism has never been undercover. It has been/is investigative.
I was horrified when applying for job to be told rule excluding people with journalism degree/CV with journalism&amp;other degree were excluded.
I resigned from the NUJ without seeking to take anyone with me. Our accounts are squared. I am not their enemy
I think we did get a local NUJ welfare officer, but I was not happy then at lack of Union Development officer on the branch committee.
Only way I'll accomplish my work goals is: severely limit sauce, cut sugar and do disciplined exercise.
Charge the coffee mug with caffeine: engage brain.
Local authorities are not bamboozled. They have agendas -- get your brain outside the M25.
Locating waste is not the same as locating efficiencies.
It wasn't the rich who got Margerat Thatcher elected, unless you have an inside the M25 mentality.
Picking on colleague to exclude from core meeting? In my view that's as puerile&amp;vicious as it gets. I know. It was once done to me. I left.
Fail to see why elegance in PERL is less important than in other programmes --
At least I now know it's object oriented programming I  should read about.
Now I know why I can't have spaces in file names. This wretched server is like a massive flat pack with instruction manual in Chinese.
I must have been living in an enchanted bubble - because my life pre 2004 did not prepare me for the ignorant stupidity I've met since then.
What I have just heard on Radio 4 about the sexism aimed until recently at women in police was horrifying. Have things changed?
three and a half grand non refundable application fee for iCANN? Hmmmm. And ICANN.
Downloaded server light -- seems I need to know Perl. Its a developer env. Now what? Loads of files. How the heck to I assemble this lot?
Worse than silence, judgmental bigots&amp;bimbettes jumping to exclude&amp;name ripe for bedlam. 21st C. Calder Valley. I should have stayed away.
I cant believe how despicable what I'm hearing on R4 now re police sexim. I know abuse I experienced 2005&amp;pathetic in Calder Valley.

@MentalHealthCop How did the conference issue on restraints go?
Price as if successful - what constitutes successful?
Am recipient of seriously competent training dumps from U. Bradford, HMRC,  Bus link &amp; UKTI. Query, how smart am I really V. derivative?
Well this is rather jolly background music -- Beethoven's Fourth -- great photocopying music -- no use for concentration and production.
Medics+locals rid selves of view I'm other than mentally healthy, ordinary, able journalist&amp;editor with correspondent competence in science.
White collar work, company director -- these are all labour.
Hmm - typo no consequence-irritating. Typo with consequences, potential to be contempt of Court. Back to concept of giving scandal.
Well would you look at that - parliament was dissolved 30th March, 2015 - figure the dates, Gavaghan. 
Oh fiddle, on what precise date did my MP become a candidate rather than an MP?
Based on UN assertion 19th April, 2015. Over 90,000 flee fighting in Iraq’s Anbar — UN 

#EIW2015
@Davos 
When I gave after lunch talk to Halifax Rotary I loved the Calder Valley.
I think Skype like interactions with customer services would improve interaction between customer and customer service.
When I asked for clarity on where CMBC puts old planning consents they hung up &amp; were offensive when I complained. Stop blaming citizens.
What should volunteer demand?  That travel costs are met, so they're not out of pocket.
Let me explain assholes: no hallucination, no delusion, no psychosis - so why in your sick little greedy brains did you want to destroy me?
Right, time to start work. 37-5 hrs minimum to do.
Your public servants screwed my life to bankrupt hell. Sod off. Take your stinking accussations of abuse&amp;shove em down you thieving throats.
If you know you have done nothing wrong, do not let solicitors bully you into pleading guilty.
Like I say, shall we read Moby Dick together.
If some asshole lying  bigot has sectioned you without explanation or need, there is fuck all you can do to debate the common good. BASTARDS
Now get the stinking bigoted bullshit ignorant garbage of MHAct off the Statute book.
Stop the mind numbingly stupid nastiness of destroying peoples' good name by calling then abusive if they ask question you don't like.
It took 35 minutes for me to get CMBC to show me where on their website they had buried right of way info.
Stamp out the people smugglers.
Who other than UK this past 5 years has met target for development aid?
Dentist from Poland on radio this morning who thinks people born in UK would not have been willing to do receptionist job is wrong.
Podiatry isn't waste-vicious letters such as NHS sent me&amp;its basis are. Did you enjoy putting boot in having failed 11yrs ago to destroy me?
Time to ferret out every penny wasted by the NHS -- to save NHS, and stop it starving country.
If you're forcing medicine on people because YOU don't like to see them suffer, you think like rapist.
In your selfish adult bigotry you saw 50 pence and wanted to steal it. You starved my business and cost the country millions. Mass is free,
One piece of my work 
ICT UPTAKE CORRELATES WITH NATIONAL ECONOMIC PROSPERITYttp://www.gavaghancommunications.com/ict.html
If stance resulting from partially fallen arch is what caught Sgt attention then my commanding officer had platoon welfare in mind, not mine
I, personally, would not believe a single word said to me in a confessional booth, nor give it time of day.
ISIL --- shall we ready Moby Dick together?
In the theology I believe in babies are not born selfish.
In the developmental biology I understand babies are not born selfish.
I've never tried to blow out your candle. In your paranoia - and the paranoia was yours - you repeatedly tried to blow out or steal mine.
Rip to shreds every sodding data point in any clinical trial in which David Hargreaves, Paul Sclare or Dr M Balraj are involved.
Take the stinking obscene Mental Health Act of rape minded bigoted abuse and shove it.
Let me put it another way : - 
Now you think you've got my measure, that I'm a bit smarter than you thought - think again --- you're still way off base.
Repeal the MHCCT, with it you destroyed my life.  The act inculcated in you attitudes and behaviour making misdiagnosis inevitable.
One for the Greens, just in case you've not seen it. 
Show me the hustings -- let the dog see the bone.
Rolling home --- when we go rolling home.
Round goes the wheel of fortune ---- 
its 2015, not 1649
Like I say - I don't like vigilantes. 
We come in peace --- 
 SHOW US THE HUSTINGS
Song of the old communist -- 
i'm clearing out vinyl&amp;now i'm co. director (think we're still not trading). 
I oppose cannibalism.
Just in case you haven't guessed the UK is on the final straight to a general election.
Lest we forget -- my heart was there. 
... and she put on her robes of white to ride into Glasgow town...
Would all I earn as cleaner get ploughed into journalism in sole tradership- only if is bus. case in context tax return 4 legit bus. exes
To be safe ed. hands I (my journalism) needs at least 30 hrs/week. I can be safe effective pro cleaner on 5hrs/week. In 1 sole tradership.
Why do I hark back 11 years, because the consequences of the abuse live on, and the abuse continues.
My timing to return to Uni  self paid for M.Phil was perfect. i didn't flunk. No idea Y/ where nastiness to me came from.Calder Valley seed?
Labour introduced the principle of paying toward University education. The conservatives ought to have the knowledge set to begin a reverse.
At least next parliament will start with NHS budget ring fenced. Where is money wasted, &amp; is everyone returning unused meds to pharmacy?
NHS today wouldn't exist without all political parties. I can't hear labour message for all their efforts to claim NHS as theirs alone.
Ban zero hour contracts, they steal self employed work. Instead give minimum hour contracts. Self employed work is not a cheap cushy number.
Bridget Jones moment: just found 9 unwanted pounds which will have to go -- back to retraining diet.
The story might be public officials screwing up. Don't pay them cash. Pay hotel bill and security if police don't step up to plate.
Never pay public official for info. Pay hotel bill if they are threatened.
23 years since buying my cottage in Colden to pay my rent in Wash. DC. Returned to Yorkshire beginning 1996. Bad mistake for me, given 2004.
@UniversityLeeds @stephenwestland @samsungbusiness Don't you recall how my education built my concentration into solid three hour chunks?
I'm on the job -- really ----
I posit Britain has strong argument supporting claim to Sovereignty in the Falkland Islands, but that Argentina has cause for puzzlement.
BAN ZERO HOUR CONTRACTS.
And I am not yet ready to relinquish the Conservatives at national level -- the Thatcher era is long long gone. The issues are new.
ICT UPTAKE CORRELATES WITH NATIONAL ECONOMIC PROSPERITY Story based on WEF Global Information Technology Report 
Only 18pc adults own debit cards in S. Asia 
National:U.S. Ambassador Kennedy visits Hiroshima peace museum - 毎日新聞 
Xi's visit to Pakistan, Indonesia highlights commitment to stronger ties with neighbors 
I was rightly acquitted.
Dr David Hargeraves is a forensic psychiatrist. If he wrote about me what I think he wrote-I cant bear to read it alone-he is dangerous.
You are increasingly tempting me, Mr Miliband, but you've not quite got me yet -- we have a nice local green candidate with a heart.
Dr M Balraj: I liked you &amp; respected you. I thought we were connectng, but you've done me wrong, and your notes are misreporting negligence.
I missed my med school offer by a point on A levels, and didn't argue for my grade 8 speech and drama.
Oh good - a legal basis: the 1688 Bill of Rights. 
How many others would have their lives destroyed as mine was if I stayed silent about Drs Balraj and Sclare.
Paul Sclare any clinical trial you're involved in is screwed up. You're a crap, arrogant psychiatrist. Balraj you're a lying dangerous medic
You DR M Balraj would seem to be lying root of Paul Sclare's cock up, or did  a non med bimbette pass on what they'd no rightv to pass on?
Dr M Balraj of Calderdale Royal 2004 you are a dangerous inept diagnostician. You saw me thru belittling eyes, and screwed up &amp; lied.
Your letter to me of 27 July 2014 was bullying, libelling nastiness, Hebden Bridge G Practise. I should never have returned to West Yorks.
And I feel no desire to tell someone in pain not to swear, but swear or use foul language in Hebden Bridge Group Practise I DID NOT DO.
@brewfestuk @LittleValleyAle I also think you ginger pale ale is interesting.
yeah, yeah I know Richard third died in 1485 my shell shocked from papal bull of of marcation tweet was ill-advised irony.
Think of depression as  a burn, anywhere between first, second or third degree burn -- different physiologies engaged.
I oppose division of health into mental &amp; physical. I remind peoplet illnesses such as depression is a gaping unseen wound inside the body.
In addition - I am a seriously able aerospace journalist -- when needs must.
All I ever wanted to do from age 10 was be doctor, but I didnt feel desire to hurt doctors when I missed grade for med school.
And since when did loss of sight become a psychiatric issue?
If I hear one bigoted word implying depression or psychiatric problems are indicative of mass murder I shall have a serious hissy fit.
I posit Falkland Islands are a governance issue stemming from 15th &amp; 16th Century. I posit Antarctrica is global governance issue of future.
Science, People &amp; Politics and Indigo (its inter-issue blog) are scientifically literate humanities titles. 
I am not belittling medics or their staff. They are and have damaged and belittled me.
I have biophysics degree &amp; pro experience as journalist, historian &amp; cleaner. My questions to doctor are different from hairdresser.
I have a degree in biophysics and professional experience as journalist and historian, my questions to doctor are different from a lawyers.
I say again, I've never once experienced nor said I experienced symptoms with which medics trashed my life- so how did they get it so wrong?
I do not have a degree in medicine, but I own my body, which means i have a right to question basis of a conclusion.
Our NHS IT system needs constructing for patient privacy and control, and medical need -- not to give medics god like status.
How can we run an NHS where patient controls all access to their medical records, and doctors control with their colleagues all prescribing?
If I know someone I'm helping is in pain&amp;scared I've capacity not to take personally what said,others don't.That's not my virtue It just is.
The division of health into mental and physical is damaging. There are vulnerabilities.
Some things are just too complicated to reduce to three letters.

As I say returning to Calder Valley let belittling bigots, &amp; lying medics in 2004 trash my career &amp; life.What the hell were you playing at?
When I sought to bring complaint at rudeness of CMBC staff some idiot manager sought to throw mud at me -- I am sick of the smears.
When I challenged courteously but firmly wrong done me by medics a junior receptionist&amp;idiot HBGP practise manager tried trash my good name.
I want no none doctor controlling my health care.
Yes patients are sometimes unconscious or too ill to speak for selves. Have trusted party able to determine access on your behalf.
Control of medical records must be given to patients. Only they may say who sees specific records. Make that work, and the NHS will work.
The NHS was a brilliant idea, but it exists because of all political parties. The Tories are a nineteenth century party.
Unless unused medicines R returned to NHS we won't know what is wasted&amp;where&amp;how. You can't save developing world by screwing first world.
Why is my career as is since 2004? Belittling local bigots, 2nd rate abusive incompetent medics. Returning to Yorkshire was bad idea for me.
What else qualifies me as journalist? Hands on paid at pit face as  reporter, columnist, features, editor, news and investigative reporter.
What qualifies me as journalist? 4yr academic science degree &amp; post grad giving correspondence knowledge. LCP &amp; BBC World Service training
Trade Unions are trade unions, and political parties are political parties.
As section editor at New Scientist I never refused to commission and pay the competent and able simply because they were not NUJ members.
Be very clear: journalism isn't a closed shop, but it requires relevant professionalism and know how, which I have acquired in abundance.
I'm not NUJ enemy, but discretely &amp; courteoulsy, without trying to create following in July 2014 I resigned from NUJ. I'm still a journalist
And NUJ Rulebook belongs to all, and is not the private property of an inner sanctum. Nor is the NUJ a political party, it is a trade union.
My other beef with NUJ is I didn't like way those who did not come to  branch meetings were talked about.
My other beef with NUJ was lack of imaginative low cost distributing of training from London throughout country.
My other beefs with the NUJ were there was no welfare officer in our local Calderdale Branch.
In July 2014 I resigned from the NUJ in protest at doubling the membership fee for lowest paid. I am not the NUJ's enemy.
Yes I did support 1984 mine workers strike, cos I saw no strategy for creating new work or safe guarding communities. 
How many men died in mines, or had their lives wrecked in mines?
The NHS is not the exclusive property of the Labour party, and without all parties the National Health Service would not exist.
I am getting sick of idiots saying this is the answer but we won't tell you why. That is why stupid answers persist.
When I asked CMBC courteously if wall blocking pedestrian access to homes was on planning application they called me abusive and hung up.
It took 1/2 hr of courteous inisistence to get cMBC to show me me website links to rights of way and private roads.
ICT Uptake correlate with National Economic Prosperity 
Consider parallels between Rubic's cube and econometrics.
As I said to my GP - what do you want to know?
Trotted on to podatrist with print out of my specialist's general report for her to eyeball (all that was needed), &amp; she found that helpful.
There's difference between poor or negligent care, or poor care cos of a crap IT system with lousy networking, and no concept of permission.
I know I said zip &amp; demonstrated no behaviour which Dr M Balraj could have called psychosis.  Could MY GP ask her what she was thinking?
I grasped mcnae in one quick read -- it embodies what I already knew -- but does bear closer study to hone instincts.
Is that fact from History or current affairs? Gavaghan to write 5k word essay on nature of history V. current affairs. NO REPETITION.
Er -- what's the date in BST? 16th.
15th April, 2015. From the Deccan Herald. Rahul Gandhi returns from sabbatical 
Time to isolate facts, weigh facts, to test how they could be interpreted, give context in time, cultural norms and networks etc...
I can sustain long chats about assets, their nature and relationship to collateral - it makes me a cheap date. And I quite like those chats.
I chose my M.Phil course at Uni Manchester, I chose desire to transfer to Ph.D. I chose University of Manchester.
I chose my degree. I chose my subsids, and I chose my O and A levels.
I once knew Ruy Lopez opener&amp;was Bradford Girls Chess Champion, &amp; won against boys. Got WIPED OUT at Uni level, &amp;had choose chess or degree.
I was taught FORTRAN in 1sr year degree level math subsid. and have grades 1-8 speech and drama - distinction Grade 6 &amp; in reciting poetry.
Cold enough in my flat yesterday to put on central heating for1/2 hr. And NICO 2 bill arrived. Self employed also pay NICO 4.
The latest in Indigo, the Science, People &amp; Politics inter-issue blog. reporting WEF's GITR 2015. 
@theSNP @NicolaSturgeon You guys heard The Pearl Fishers recently.
By the time the safeguards of the MHAct kick in the patient's life has been destroyed -- and nastily. The MHACT is ripe to abuse the patient
I don't deny ills impacting brain exist, but I don't call them mental. You ignorant bigots. Repeal MHACT.
My denial of mental illness is not a symptom of mental illness. If Lib Dems R teaching sensitivity to mental illness they are teaching crap.
I sold home in January 2004 cos doing Ph.D &amp; to buy new home to reappreciate capital. Negligent medics lying &amp; abusing law trashed that.
You want a list of roads CMBC could adopt as service to its ratepayers? Sure -- no problem. Think of your axles.
I have to tell you that shark attacks are decidedly unnerving -- and stealthy.
If CMBC allowed that planning permission while being unclear on liability attaching to unadopted road I think there are questions to answer.
Harumph - Price to reflect inconvenience factor, not extortion.
ICT UPTAKE CORRELATES WITH NATIONAL ECONOMIC PROSPERITY 
Hi -- Capitalism takes advantage of opportunity, it doesn't drive people out of business in face of comparatively easy fix for OS developer.
ICT UPTAKE CORRELATES WITH NATIONAL ECONOMIC PROSPERITY 
11 years ago as I once again was moving edics, police and law trashed my life - I had and have no mental illness. It was kidnap and assault.
There are a number of unadopted roads in Calderdale where CMBC collects Council Tax. CMBC needs to adopt them, and liability for them.
ICT correlates with national prosperity - WEF - reported by Helen Gavaghan.

Wall blocking pedestrian access to Burnley Rd gone. It annoyed me, but vigilantism annoys me more. I'd be cross if it wasn't willing removal
Actually next time we have flood that private wall blocking flats from using public path to Burnley Rd could do extra property damage.
Second plus side of having to work further to get to train station--also a bit more exercise for me - interesting next time we have a flood!
Plus side of no access to my local Sainsbury's is that I get  much needed longer walk to get there.
I'm all for business, but do think modest amount of courtesy is reasonable. There was none.
Am I the only one who saw no courtesy notice of the new wall to be built blocking pedestrian way between flats and Sainsbury Local.
Coming home to Longfellow Court, Mytholmroyd? You can no longer use pedestrian access from Burnley Rd. Wall now blocks pedestrian access.
From Korean Herald - 14th April, 2015. China urges efforts to resume N. Korea nuclear talksKoreaHerald 
14.4.2015: President of South Korea - Park to begin four-nation S. America tourKoreaHerald 
I'm hard working worker, whose life the State trashed. When you seized control of my life in rape minded ignorant certainty you murdered me.
Please stop perjorative rhetoric of on or not on benefits, and making hard working workers into saints, even as you legislate in prejudice.
As I say, Hillary Rodham Clinton never rode husbands coat tails. She took crap in her own name when pushing health care reform in early 90s.
Your misdiagnosis of me, dear medics, and your lies amount to fraud, kidnap and contempt of friggin Court.
Like I say - we're moving Hubble, and a thousand PhDs from NASA ain't gonna cut the mustard.
Who the hell is Helen? Honey you have not got a clue in your arrogant betraying head.
You worthless medical lying bastards of arrogant garbage stole &amp; trashed &amp;  destroyed my life. Take away thir nasty bigoted tool-the MHAct.
No, medics -- you do not get to sweep your stinking lying abuse of me and others with or without so called mental illness under the carpet.
Let me explain how supposed smart medics simply projected their ignorance, prejudice and stupidity and lied in their nasty arrogant teeth.
The prejudice? Silence from the legal profession in the face of lying medical kidnapping fraudulent garbage.

Summit of the Americas /Obama &amp; Raúl Castro / HSBC/ Papel Prensa 
12th April 2015. Beunos Aires Herald Lorenzetti advises against Supreme Court changes 
Fine -- price needs to reflect value, and the value, to the purchaser.
International:China curbs some travel to Hong Kong to cool tensions - 毎日新聞 
National:Japanese Communist Party secures presence in all prefectural assemblies - 毎日新聞 
12th April: Russia Apprehensive as Sweden and Finland Move Closer to NATO: 
St Petersburg International Legal Forum - end of May 

Saudi minister rejects call for ceasefire 
Wapda to pay Rs5bn to contractor despite criticising its work 
US warns Pakistan over release of Lakhvi 
US Department of Defence. Missile Defence Agency. 
Links to the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank stories in the Diplomat. 
Muslim Symposium opens in TaiPei. Issue addressed? Minority Rights. 
@UKSupremeCourt  MY Lords, I resent bad example the death penalty sets my fellow citizen. I claim it undermines fair enjoyment of my life.
Your only getting one 10 quid out of me, Your Holiness, on grounds only that UK Supreme Court are out keenest legal brains.
Right, Gavaghan - carve out 10 quid for church flower rota (4 copies FT). The death penalty &amp; corporal punishment set citizens a bad example

RETWEET to let friends know. 
Anecdote:Got hair cut in Chapel Hill cos missed plane reading P. Cornwell in transfer at Raleigh. Caught up with luggage in London day later
We're moving Hubble.
#10AHologramasLibres 
Anecdote 3: Nearly ended up in Poland cos I didn't speak German. Nice Dresden resident wordlessy rescued me. Wall had come down days before.
Anecdote: Well it was always fun watching Frederic D'Allest getting chucked in a swimming pool after successful Ariane launches.
Anecdote? I was on my way to reception at that there French consuls pad &amp; ran into Harold Wilson on doorstep. We didn't have entry pad key.
Blimey: England gears up for Century of Dallas on the Downs headlines.
I think death penalty &amp; corporal punishment set bad example to world citizenry, thus undermining all human rights.
Thanks for double checking, Tom. BBC producer guidelines: double check with independent sources. I know they paid for me to train with them.
My customer care policy + T&amp;C need to reflect consequences for my customer if server down, or delayed delivery. I'm not the Royal Mail.
A rainbow shines in my window ...
Your eyes kissed mine, I saw the love in them then --you bought me heaven right then....
Repeal the MHACt, even if we knew enough to justify its abusive practise, which we don't, it is malicious bigotry incarnate.
The damaging  implications of the libel thrown at me by Hebden Bridge Group practise in July 2014 are considerable.
By setting bad example to World Citizens, the death penalty undermines  human rights of all on the planet. If you miss the train I'm on...

@Conservatives You need to drill deep into what spent &amp; where, &amp; control access to prescribed drugs &amp; get system experts.Not with volunteers
Tiny real increase of those with least was seized with greedy jealousy by State+subterfuge, so pulling up with own bootstrap was undermined.
I'm not NUJ stooge, nor NUJ's enemy. I've not resigned from the Press. Trade Union membership isnt central to being journalist. My career is
Presumably someone has made a list of all the places and ways in which money in the NHS is wasted?
Also there are 2 books,contribution to encyclopaedia,work as editor+post grad. I want my life back, stolen in 2004. 

I did not and do not need NUJ membership for this work. I did need my four year honours degree. 
What are my credentials as a journalist?
I know I'd nothing but respect for police&amp;medics when in 2004 they lied in medical notes &amp; trashed all I'd worked for in belittling bigotry.
I know the stinking malice of having been lied  to, abused, kidnapped and assaulted by stinking medical garbage - covering for police?
I know the stinking malice of seeking to label professional women mentally ill rather than treat them as equals and professional.
I know that given the words of my then solicitor and the possible intrusions to me home there was something I had to tell local police.
Asking if food or drink could have been spiked when in past a bastard put something in my stolen property isnt mad given physical symptoms.
I've no doubt I have &amp; had no mental illness, &amp; never satisfied criteria to be sectioned medically - I know the lies in medical notes.
Insp. I.Dellow I sat in inspector's office at Halifax Police Station mid 04 &amp; you said D-Notice would apply, but not to what. You then lied.
Perhaps I have been fed misinformation, but two fellow bona fide journalists also do not have a press card, and I can see why.
I'm not anti trade union -- in fact I was very much pro, but when the workplace (not my employers) treated me poorly I had no where to turn.
How does one set fair rates and treat workers with fairness in the absence of trade unions?
When I've needed trade union - as NUJ member - it was too busy playing politics and favourites to help me.
My interest in the NUJ was in a trade union, not in a press card. My membership card was separate from my press card.
I am not posing as nor pretending to be a journalist - I am one - as real as it gets - and I am that without a press card.
I hate cheque book journalism. Never done it. Never tried, and never will. Means law enforcement gets off the hook in my opinion
Quorum sensing --- link from NIH - Protein science 
All political parties, including Labour, are squashing those at bottom, greedily depriving of even small increase in disposable income.
@nipclaw @squarechapel Might be best to Start with Sally Martin, though David, whom you met, will before too long become acting director.
@nipclaw You have a good weekend, too. I'm already thinking of a dish of black olives
Alleluia, alleluia ....
@nipclaw how about the one in the arcade which we went to before? If so I could book a table for 6 o clock
@nipclaw I missed your last tweet - it flashed up and disappeared before I'd had chance to read it.

Birthday Ode... 
@David_Cameron And is it really necessary to pick on Ed Miliband's relationship with his brother?
@David_Cameron What about me as full time, low paid -- doing her volunteering in her own time?
@David_Cameron And will these days paid leave for volunteering reduce the number of paid jobs.
@nipclaw And if we are doing the theatre bit, are we having pre theatre supper? If so I do not want to rush.
@nipclaw And how's the ballet doing, and where are Chantry Dance these days?
@nipclaw OK -- I guess I'm being a needy pain - do you want to see Jaleo Flamenco, and we still going to see Persuasion?
Ensconced in Hebden Bridge Library: beats sitting in Mytholmroyd Memorial Garden, which isnt a WiFi hotspot and has no communal newspapers.
@WestYorksPolice You recovered my handbag, but not my laptop with all my bank and accounting details - that was early 2000 I think.
@WestYorksPolice Good idea  - I had lap top and handbag stolen from my living room one sunny day when I slipped upstairs for few minutes.
I so don't want to hear about politicians' love lives, and accusations stirring familial divisions.
I was 90% for Conservatives &amp;100% agin Lib Dems cos of tuition fees, Pickles vol. initiative+Ed Miliband smears R have turned me 60% Labour.
As very able M.Phil student with intent to take D.Phil I've big concern re correlation of map of conviction for sex offences with genetics.
Great question. Michelle -- these guys are not trained in philosophy and epistemology.
Stop turning correlations, no matter how statistically robust, into predictive risk factors.
I do not think it any business of anyone what anyone's love life is -- it belongs to them.
Excellent meeting yesterday with Superfast West Yorkshire. I don't actually want to change from my hosting company, but i'm exploring models
Controlled sublimation seems a fine strategy to me.
Correct answer is I have and had no mental illness and had something police needed to hear. Correction must be made. How coukld it happen?

How many jobs not createde because work which needs to be done is done by others with a salary from someone else?
I am damn sure the NHS Grampian medical research stinks to high heaven.
A cancer has a root cause.
Great-a thieving public sector pissed my life to shite, added council tax to take away WTCredit increase &amp; now wants to steal jobs as well
@BBCr4today @EricPickles Volunteers should not have salaries from other people, and should not be doing a job which is sustainable.
Okay Mr Pickles --- you have now come up with the policy likely to loose your partty my votes.
A control freak council, bigots+lying medics threw away my superb education+pro life. Now you want volunteers to steal my possible new jobs?
Allowing those in full time paid work to take days as volunteers, and the volunteer work they do? Does it steal work from others?
Freedom of the press does not include publishing criminal libel, and no law should keep that out of science.
Stop assuming ink in criminal behaviour has is to do with traits/genetics. You do damage-science is science, medicine is medicine&amp;law is law
Plea on behalf of my hosting company: OSI developer please help restore bandwidth count to my space on their server-without driving to wall
HG to do: Buy decent Java text book, revise Fortran (for fun), print off the slash dot media terms and conditions, locate WAMP server..
Just heard fuck witted second rate behaviourists -- building on lying garbage from sexist ignorant forensic life destroying colleagues.
Here's a patent Golden Oldie from GavaghanCommunications 
@Eaterofsun Is there any chance you could send me urgently your email address so I can contact you privately Helen Gavaghan.
@MentalHealthCop And everyone needs to respect the privacy of the consulting room and not barge in.
@MentalHealthCop I think end to false division between mental &amp; physical health plus improved bedside manner by qualified MDs is central.
CORRELATION IS NOT A GENETIC LINKAGE STUDY -- THE CONCLUSION ON SEX OFFENCE IS CRIMINALLY STUPID AND SHOULD NOT HVE BEEN PUBLISHED.
Oh fantabulous it's 7 o clock, not 8 0 clock -- time for another coffee.
Could the belittling bimbettes stop trying to exclude evidence undermining their bigoted stupidity.
I'm demonstrable commentator (paid as ed) as well as reporter+ investigative journalist, so I listen to radio &amp; don't think it talks to me.
Perhaps Dietrich Bonhoeffer was praying that his executors, guilty of opposing God's Will by executing him, might be forgiven.
PETER ADDRESSED THE CROWD
It is outrageous to seek to control the freedom of the press and belittle the significant quality of my bona fide credentials as journalist.
Circular thought has destroyed science &amp; medicine of so called mental illness. Tell genetic science to stay out of law round sex offences.
Good morning, sunshine ----- I remain an undecided voter, and i want a choice
The Third Reich was no Pontius Pilot.
Like I say I do not have to be a member of a trade union in order to hold down my job as a fully competent and bona fide member of the press
Science spec family convictions shows genetic link is philosophy 101 error.I can argue against u from Crown Court only in capacity as press.
scientists speculating conviction of family member means genetic link is lazy thinking, outside their competence.Read 
email letter I sent as back up is fine, but needs package of supporting evidence-so reconstituted package will be backed up by pdfs by email
I am very cross that I have not yet received my council tax bill -------
The MHAct enabled bitching,belittling bimbettes&amp;bigots to piss my life to wasted shite&amp;the cowards have done nothing to put right the record
Recall how in 2004 medics trashed&amp;abused&amp;belittled -- how many could you nasty bigots haves aved had you not fucked my life to wasted hell?
Recall,Helen, how on 27.7. 2014,when you'd done nothing wrong a letter of libelling vicious trash was sent U from Hebden Bridge Gp Practise
Recall, Helen, how just asUrecovered from 10yrs of shite caused by abusive medics&amp;police a lying libelling bitch at HBGP kicked you in guts.
Recall Helen how brain dead medics projected their ignorant shit onto you, theer was not one lawyers to call the bastard medics to book.
Recall, Helen,how when bastard medics, kidnapped&amp;abused you your colleagues in the press were silent, happy to have you labeled a mad bitch.
Remember kindness,respect,rational fear, good intent, trust &amp; liking R what let bigots&amp;lying medics destroy your life&amp;reason for being born.
Remember, Helen, you were acquitted of crime with which your country tried to detsroy you as it sought to class U as a mad bitch for bedlam.
Remember, Helen, you're nice person, not the garbage your country from  2004 made you out to be, as from 2004-2008 it trried to destroy you.
Right create duplicate package, pay tracked delivery all way, seek recompense lost package, checkout DX - remember I'm smart, pro journalist
Sure I contributed rocket&amp;satellite section to Dorling Kindersly Space encyclopedia, edited by my friends, Nigel Henbest &amp; Heather Couper.
I've empathy for people unsure if they're getting correct med. advise, but I'm making NO common cause. I'm serious about kidnap, lies+abuse.
Patient right to say no must be defended, despite family view.
There is bad blood between patients and medics in too many cases, so what are we all doing wrong?
Am beginning to wonder if NHS needs to learn principles of Royal Mail distribution and tracking, not vice versa.
Is over subscribing a problem in the NHS?
Had the NHS podiatrists been in contact, as I assumed, an appointment would not have been wasted.
One podiatrist with specialist referrer said yes to orthotics. One by self referral said no orthotics. Both said physio.
I think death penalty sets a bad example for human beings &amp; lets problems be swept under carpet &amp; sidestepped. I'm not wishy washy liberal.

And truth and reconciliation does not have to be a plea bargain, nor the only judicial tool within a given historical context.
In fact I think all types of justice need to be evaluated by judiciary, not imposed by those outside of the Courts for full trials.
I think only the UK Supreme Court could decide whether truth and reconciliation was the effective judicial tool.
You want me to drum you out of your job cos you resigned on principle from trade union? No. How many more belittling bitching bigots?
One does not have to belong to a trade union in order to be a member of the press.
Want to share a byline? Or contribute to something as named contributor? Fab. Hijacker? Get stuffed - you are a dangerous thief.
Want to discuss hijacked bylines? My pleasure. Happy to sell hijackers down the river--their professionalism is non existent and dangerous.
Here are symptoms I dont have.No hallucination, no delusion, no imagining I'm other than I am, no imagining I've talked to people I haven't.
How the fuck, Paul Sclare, did U reach a diagnosis based on no symptoms in me, and having had only minutes exchange with me?
How many other patients have you kidnapped for phase 4 trials Dr P Sclare. Do U have police doc sexist friends ready to screw English women?
Sure I'm same Helen Gavaghan who police&amp;medics treated as shit in 2004, whose life  career they destroyed in 2004 to deafening silence.
And a referendum on Europe might be against withdrawal from the EU -- but either way it's is something a lot of people seem to want.
I oppose corporal punishment because it sets a bad example to all.
I'm a pro journalist (since 1980), science writer, author, editor &amp; publisher. I oppose death penalty as a bad example to World citizenry.
In 2004 when the meds destroyed my life was I a journalist? Yes, part time and part time grad student, and not on a story.
What was my first pro job on grad from University of Leeds? Assistant editor, duties: reporting, business news and features, proof reading.
Hi guys, the computer language I was taught in 1976 at University of Leeds was FORTRAN - as part of my math subsid in  biophysics degree.
From being smart&amp;well educated+honest I know I've not experienced  delusion,hallucination, psychosis.or paranoia. Medics lied in all ways.
@MilitDefence I think the death penalty and corporal punishment set a bad example for the Human race.
I think the MHAct, of which I knew nothing, is despicable. I allege it was abused to deprive me criminally of freedon with no cause

Anyone seen the movie Alice? Looks like it could be interesting. live broadcast of Othello? Wow - do equity members get a discount?
I accuse medics of lies, fantasy, arrogance, abuse, discourtesy, rudeness and criminality and fraud. Get your heads out of the sand.
I assert I've never once displayed symptom of psychosis, and accuse medics &amp; Pendle witch hunters of projecting bigotry &amp; stupidity onto me.
@NPGLondon If I still lived in Battersea I would. and bring a picnic for the park, or to sit by the river.
I'm not about to become a vegetarian, but think backing food technologists&amp;ecologist to find alternate employed ways forward could be idea
I think the death penalty and corporal punishment set a bad example to the citizenry of the World.
How many other people did you kidnap, Dr Paul Sclare for your phase 4 clinical trial -- or were you not involved?
When on 28 6 2004 I was deprived of freedom on mental health grounds by medics they literally kidnapped me. What crap were they fed by whom?
There is nothing loving in the MHAct. It is lazy, rape minded ignorant malice incarnate.
Will you quit the belittling bullshit -- I'm not self important and no-one I know is.
In 2004 you pissed my life to wasted shit then sought to cover your criminal bigoted,sexist nastiness with FALSE diagnosis of mental illness
I think the death penalty and corporal punishment set a bad example to the citizenry of the world.
I know damn well who I am - and I've never thought myself better than anyone, but you sure as hell thought you were better than me.
Be very sure I am a member of the press.
Do not even think for one second about not delivering the package I posted 1st April to Bradford Crown Court.
Dr Paul Sclare if you are involved in a clinical trial then on the basis of your brain dead bullshit you are fraudulent.
Dr David Burley - in 2004 was your silence deliberate intent to criminalise me?
Do not project on to me your prurient garbage.
Am I foul mouthed? No -- am I distraught my life in 2004 was destroyed? Yes. Am I angry, lost, with my family literally destroyed?
Sure I've flown on Concord -- several times actually -- Air France via Dakar to French Guiana.
The press comprises far more than newspapers alone.
Lovely to wake up just as the dawn chorus starts -- very sweetly.
I'd nothing but liking &amp; respect for my country, its citizens, medics &amp; law, and then in 2004 it took all my decency and destroyed my life.
Oh yes, libellous, defamatory nastiness aimed of me proves Pendle witch hunting bedlam fancying garbage remains supeme in north of England.
Hebden Bridge Group Practise,  you wrote libellous despicable accusations - how dare you set selves above the law?
@MentalHealthCop @HelenGavaghan Thanks. I'll take a look.
When little I loved rambling. Alcohol didnt figure in happy tired falling into bed. I'm not T total, but would like to revive that memory.
@MentalHealthCop -- And how many of them have other illnesses?
AIR BUS FLY BY WIRE

Repeal MHAct. Its an instrument of destruction &amp; disempowerment. It empowers ignorance&amp;Pendle witch hunting bigotry. With it you killed me.
I'd done you no wrong when U decided U needed me to be mentally ill to suit your sick fanatsies. You are and were wrong &amp; trashed my life.
What mindless, rape-minded bedlam-adoring, sexist fantasy do you lying bastards who since 2004 have sought to criminalise me live in?
11 years ago in bitching bigoted belittling, sexist murderous stupidity my  country took my life and pisedssed it to stinking wasted shite.
I found that returning to where I was born let belittling bitching bedlam fanciers fuck my life to wasted shite - backled by lawless law.
Qualified teacher? Great idea. Not fining parents who remove kids from school? -- BAD IDEA.
I think the death penalty sets a bad example to the citizenry of the world.
CUT THE LAZY INTELLECTUAL LINK BETWEEN SO-CALLED MENTAL ILLNESS AND CRIMINAL BEHAVIOUR.
ACTUALLY I ATE FOUR PORK PIES YESTERDAY. SUICIDE AND MURDER ARE TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.
I ATE A PORK PIE YESTERDAY NOW GET STUFFED.
Take you bitching bigots, your belittling bedlam fantasies you sick belittling thieving shits and get lost.
In my 20s I took the stage with others to argue for paternity and shared leave after births -- do not bloody dare knock my generation.
I ate a pork pie yesterday--you may keep your murdering hands to yourself.  READ  
Nutters of the world unite -- what is your problem with education for the low paid? Leave fines in place for removing children from school.
Like  I say, Hebden Briidge Group Practise, you stood silent as practise maanger sent me a libellous letter. You may not destroy lives.
Allow me to tell you of the bitching belittling bigots dreaming of sending people to bedlam to remove the competition.
Suicide and murder are two totally different things.
ECO LIGHTING FROM NOTTINGHAM TRENT UNIVERSITY

Marvellous: made it to my GP with time and more to spare this morning.
Right out the door soon.
By the way the sprouts, sesame seeds and parmesan were delicious. At least to my taste -- better with walnuts I'd think.
The skill I lack w.r.t. the MHAct is the skill to remove it from the Statute book, and change clinical practise.
How can I trust medical profession putting fantasy in med. notes, sections someone threatening no one, &amp; seeks to drag good name thru. mud?
Hebden Bridge Group Practise with your letter of 27th July 2014 you sought to drag my name through the mud -- again.
Like I say, Dr David Burley you told DVLA a diagnosis you never told me &amp; that is cruekl and let a life destroying misdiagnosis continue.
Right - sprouts, parmesan and toasted sesame seeds -- really looking forward to that.
I think zero hour contracts distort the economy, bully and create jobs which are a mirage, not a reality. Let's hear it for the SNP.
Seems to me full employment built on zero hour contracts is a travesty of the idea of full employment.
If they don't know you send this and ask questions that are in the public interest. ht…

To thank from the bench in 2008 those thugs who assaulted me is a disgrace. Did you not know it was thuggery? The MHAct empowers thuggery.
Is business bullying the Conservatives?
Explain again to me what a zero hour contract is please, and the difference between that and slavery.
I'm not cantankerous, obstinate or ubiquitous. Each time from usher to judge U belittle me U kill more of me &amp; turn a life I loved to shite
Its possible to see suicide as rational way out of hell without being murderous, or actually wanting to kill self. Please, please be careful
With every fibre of my being I regret ever having returned to the North of England.
Its as if perfect malice looked at me from 2004&amp;said how can we make this woman's life hell, and belittle all she was and was becoming.
Sever all links between so called mental health and the CJS.
To reassure ed. advisors :I'll take up Recorders view I may sit in public seats, I'll do so as journalist &amp; write my MP re press freedom.
I'd invite to stay in Paris for lengthy time in 04/05. I wish I'd shaken dust of this country from my feet&amp;accepted. I had means to pay&amp;work
How dare you waste &amp; steal my time by making me do work you should be doing to put right your stinking life destroying abuse of me in 2004?
The Tories have not been in power since the whigs were. The Conservatives are in power.
What R U afraid of? What do U fear I will learn by doing my job from press box? Quit teaching your granny to suck eggs.Quit libelling me.
Stop assuming depression is any more linked to crime than is cancer or heart disease. Sever links between so called mental illness and CJS.
As long as you persist ins seeing depression as a mental rather than a physical illness you are on a hiding to nothing.
I do not have to understand you to afford you respect. Now stop assigning to me motive I do not have, but which exist in your minds only.
I''ve shown the Court absolute respect &amp; professionalism. Now who wants me not to appear as what I actually am? A member of the press?
How dare anyone denigrate my testimonials and seek to control press. i'm as bona fide press as any local journalist on crime beat.
There's nothing bizarre about this testimonial: 
There's nothing bizarre about this testimonial: 
Let me explain how not very good medical intellects pissed my very good intellect and life to wasted garbage with negligent crap.
If you work, and are paid, no matter where the money comes from you are in employment -- if you want that to stop pay redundancy.
If you work you make a living and money come from the work you do, and who the payer is, is nobody's business
How has my country denigrated me and my referees: let me count the ways?. What is your greed, what are you afraid of?
I work by observing, collating, deducing, testing and checking for confirmation.
How is my country destroying me? let me count the ways.
@Telegraph @TelegraphNews Thanks, you made me smile.
How did my country destroy me? Let me count the ways.
Any scientists knows one cannot understand the abnormal process without understanding the normal process.
Now let me return to the concept of freedom of the press, and abuse by medics way over empowered by the MHAct of ignorance.
Why was I speaking to Recorder of Bradford - he wanted to discuss the letters I showed him about me from my colleagues this past 15 years,
Where were U when police arrested without cause? Where were U when I was acquited? Where were U when medicine tried to destroy my mind+body?
The stinking lies and Chinese whispering garbage I've seen written about me by medics says to me they are covering up their screw up.
I consider myself with these tweetse still under the oath I took this pm before the Recorder or Bradford. My country destroyed my life.
I respected both medicine and law in my country, they had none for me. Not one iota. Bigotry and lies, abuse and negligence all the way.
The principles of journalism apply in all branches of journalism.
Having with lies, bullying, negligence&amp;vicious accusation destroyed a good, decent person-me-my country looked down tts nose &amp; said sod you
Repeal MHAct: its bullying garbage inculcating US V THEM attitude&amp;setting up vicious bigoted non  existent link betw. "mental" illness&amp;crime
It is also unfair to belittle or bully a bona fide journalist, which I am, by denigrating the competence of those who write in her favour.
Another day in Bradford Crown Court as a journalist, both in the press box, and sitting with the public.
Beware of talking to a judge without lawyers in Court - for and against you - it's unfair to the judge, and to you.
Is my life what I so carefully &amp; decently planned in 2002? No - Never doubt I had no mental illness, and my country destroyed me despicably.
Have I ever door stepped? No. Was there occasion when I thought there was need? Yes? Why didn't I? Would not have been able to do lawfully.
If U doorstep, is doorstepped beyond all doubt more powerful, robust&amp;stronger than U? if not don't doorstep, no matter the public interest.
Only incredible public interest would justify, in my mind, door stepping anyone ever. Question: if you don't doorstep will U abet injustice?
Back to the MHAct - the act creates an us and them scenario which is false, bigoted, ignorant and very, very stupid.
Back to the public interest issue of journalists working on features and with a need to be in the press box if there is room.
Interesting that seats in press box R reserved for probation officers when probation officers R in Court.
My respect for the judiciary is profound, and I would find any attempt to bully or intimidate the judiciary horrifying.
Stupidity of assuming so-called mental illness is cause of strange or criminal behaviour is terrifying.Get bigoted snouts out of med records
En passant:it's actually unfair to general public at Court that they not have opportunity to see judicial orders pertaining to ongoing trial
Of course I am supposed to know what I may report -- that is not what judicial orders are about, and they are not an official secret.
I'm sick of being libelled, abused&amp;being on receiving end of false accusations and lies by employees of the State destroying my livelihood.
Outrageous to suggest a member of the press needs judicial consent to sit in the press box on each occasion the journalist does.
Have I handed to Court managers letters confirming my status? Oh yes. Did I on day one seek name of person to give such letters to? YES.
Have I reported breaking news with significant commercial &amp; other consequences? YES. Am I now? YES.
Am I competent to report breaking news from Court. Bet your ass I am.
I'm 1st official historian of IGO EUMETSAT, having won invited tender as journo withou press card. I don't want Court staff retiring me.
I will not be retiring until I am 66 and I sure as hell have not resigned as a member of the press, and have never once said that I have.
Though I've been an NUJ MOC (1980s) &amp; ran as dep. gen. secretary of NUJ 2011-12 (and lost), I'm not NUJ stooge, &amp; I dont claim membership.
My day job since 1980-not volunteer unpaid or part time-has been full time editor, journalist&amp;non-fiction author. I became publisher in 2005
I accuse Dr David Burley of telling the DVLA in 2004 what he had not told me, and thus of medical negligence and medical cruelty
When it comes to being a member of the press, I am as real as it gets.
Its deeply disturbing for democracy a Court official would seek to constrain lawful freedom of press to judge consent&amp;trade union membership
I have passed pages for press. I edit a magazine now and edit the website on which it is published.
I have passed pages for press, I have edited a weekly medical devices &amp; diagnostics news letter with daily output, and passed it for press.
My day job since Sept. 1980 after graduation from University of Leeds has been as a journalist, editor, non fiction author &amp; now publisher.
To request a member of press without NUJ press card leave press box, but not another (male) in same position is biased obstruction of press
I am a journalist and have been since my first post University graduation job as an assistant editor in the trade and etch press. I moved up
I accuse Hebden Bridge Group Practise of maing false accusation of crime and seeking to drag my good name through the mud.
I accuse the medical profession of driving me de facto to bankruptcy by clinical negligence, cruelty lies and abuse.
I'm a journalist:I accuse Aberdeen police of wrongful arrest in 2004.I accuse Dr P. Sclare of kidnap, abuse of MHACT&amp;planned medical assault
I've experience writing as journalist about defence tech., energy, aerospace, space, business, biomedical research, science policy etc...,
Science, People &amp; Politics blog correpondence from the Bradford Courts March 28th 2015. 
wet and yucky - time to find some French and translate for half hour. then exercise.
Mobilisons-nous pour la #COP21 ! @WMOnews @COP21 
Did I mention the expert opinion saying I dont have schizophrenia? Which is so fucking obvious its criminally vicious the malice aimed at me
Let me guess the medical profession think their status greater than mine, and me speaking to them as an equal is grandiloquent -- fuck off.
Is there a formally recognised register on which people diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia are placed? If so, you're not telling patient.
Dr Paul Sclare your notes are mispreporting lying shite. You protect your misdiagnosis by not engaging with patient.
I interviewed also seriously able psychiatrist for Hospital Imaging &amp; Radiology Europe, &amp; was paid 800 quid plus exes promptly + published.
The following piece was commissioned by The Economist, then pulled by me, because I opposed the edit. 
I think there is a massive difference between clinical and non clinical paranoia.
When I first asked DVLA why they wanted license they refused to tell me and ere inexcusable nasty.
Still no doctor has told me they think I have schizophrenia (paranoid or otherwise - and I know I do not).
I couldn't in 2004 deny having schizophrenia (paranoid or otherwise) because no medic had told me that actual or suspected diagnosis.
What a glider pilot suspects/observes cannot be corrected in power plane A320.
Do not assume from medical notes the patient has been told, or that the descriptive notes are accurate.
Separate irresponsible act of not telling employer of a problem from mass murder, and cut link to depression
There is a terrifying rush to judgement of mass murder -- please stop.
Power planes and gliders two different things.
Planes can fly selves into mountains even with best pilot AT controls. What were flying conditions? Intense thought up regulates.
I treated medics with deep respect, they left me bloodied&amp; destroyed without help to reassemble self. I've mended but have just anger
Imagine you're junior doctor facing situation not met before, what would keep you frozen in terror if no senior surgeon to take over?
How many people are dead? Please dont dishonour them by seeking to shoe horn sound bites from past into a press driven storm of headlines.
Set depression aside, what else could have led an Airbus 320 with it's little shark finny tips to fly into the mountain?
What is the proof that thee co-pilot actively flew plain into the mountain? Depression is proof of fuck all.
People with profound self loathing and fear use the language they can grasp to explain the inexplicable from their point.
Please stop talking about mental health -- the language reflects an incorrect slicing of the medical physiological pie.
I've learned from GP directed diagnostic it's worth asking if physical symtoms cld have had non-neuro physiological cause, stress tinted.
Earlier claim to have used press card last in 2004 was a typing error. 2014 is correct.
Last time I used my press card as a member of the NUJ (with the public) was on 6 July 2014. I have not resigned as a member of the press.
Before you accuse someone of mass murder could we please have more proof. It is not enough to take out bigotry on so-called mentally ill.
Is there anything on flight which says co-pilot didn't have heart attack or stroke, what is proof he locked door, rather than door jammed?
How dare Counsel in Court pre-empt issue by saying they suspect medics will all agree. Condoning medical murder and societal bigotry?
When a patient is brought from psychiatric hospital how much does judge know of medication they R on, and how that impacts their demeanour.
How many people has society murdered by empowering medical notes of negligence + the lazy cowardly bigoted stupidity of the MHAct?
Dr M Balraj UR liar+clinically negligent. Dr P Sclare UR criminal.S Bradbury U sought to suborn power of Court. Dr Hargreaves UR in contempt
I accuse psychiatrists of lies, of allowing selves to be used by bitching ignorance, of covering 4 police abuse. Repeal all mHAct-it's crap.
You'll eventually get it through your nasty criminal bitching little heads: you are criminal, destroyed my life, &amp; I have no mental illness.
Pretty shocking to see litter strewn in Crown Court and litter bugs not reprimanded by security
No you may not abuse power to seek control of the narrative by destroying my life - as you have tried to do - you cowardly little bitches.
I was editor (in chief) of international medical diagnostic news letter Clinica with weekly and daily output.
I have a 4 year honours degree in biophysics from the University of Leeds (76-80) - and that counts.
I was the biomedical research policy correspondent for Nature, based in Washington DC, &amp; on retainer.
Excellent documentary about Hillary Clinton.Sadly in Yorkshire there R women who falsely accuse their fellow woman.I know-they did it to me.
Women seeking to put down fellow women by insisting of trade union membership is despicable, lawless &amp; bullying abuse of "status".
I oppose closed shops, and as section  editor at New Scientist would never question which Union journalists belong to.
To be legit member of press, as my pub. record shows, one doesnt need to be a trade union member nor carry press card.
You, Paul Sclare, R a second rate idiot &amp; outright fraud if participating in phase 4 trial, &amp; abusive of law.
Iniquitous to be acting member of press and not appear as what one actually is - that would be trickery.
List please of all members of the press who report from Court press box and do not have a Union press card.
I had 2 purposes at Bradford Cron Court - interest in applying to magistarcay, and journalism - as I explained clearly to all concerned.
I refuse to believe any lawyer challenged my legitimacy as journo, know cctv cameras everywhere, oppose vigilantism &amp; support press freedom.
The MHAct is not a charter to turn human beings into guinea pigs.
I deny schizophrenia or psychosis not as a symptom of psychosis. I wont lie to insurance companies to satisfy lying medics &amp; inept medics.
I refuse to believe fellow journalist in Court-union member or not-challenged my legitimacy as journalist, or my right to be in press box.
One does not have to be a trade union member in order to be a journalist - and highly legit as such.
Hiding an illness does not make sense in combination with murder either
Depression and murder just do not make sense to me as a combination.
Not all highly legit members of the press are trade union members - as in NUJ, nor should they be.
From 6th July 2014 neither my press card nor my NUJ membership card left my office, nor were flashed/used or claimed as ID,
At Bradford Crown Court again. They're adamant such thing as issue desk doesn't exist (I spelt what I'd heard).Seems I may have heard usher.
It may be physically painful 4 elderly person to reach phone &amp; answer, yet they must respond to phone call. Stop it.
Good reason for not cold calling homes is you dont know how elderly person is answering phone, nor how hard it is for them to reach phone.
Yes I do now have a full license - and it should always have been full license.
It was pure co-incidence I sent license to dvla at same time as temp license ended -- cos if they sent info with license it didn't arrive.
Oh and I sent my licence to DVLA of own accord not cos I felt urge to kill anyone, but cos I did not want anger to impair my concentration.
@BBCr4today If the pilot was diagnosed as physically depressed what medication was he taking, and is it known to have adverse reactions?
@BBCr4today What else would have been happening in the cockpit at the precise moment the pilot was trying to get back into the cockpit?
@BBCr4today The aircraft was old, could the door/lock have stuck/slipped - is there direct evidence of co-pilot physically locking door?
@NHSGrampian What reason did Aberdeen Police give you 4 having arrested me without cause, as I contend, as I left Boots having paid my bill
I suspect depression may come in more than one form -- just as cancer does. Can someone with depression have a stroke or a heart attack?
I sent my license back to DVLA at end 2005 without being asked or having noted it was temp. (now its full) cos I was too hurt&amp;angry to drive
When my psychological despair at destruction of my life were huge at end of 2005 I sent my driving license back to DVLA, not cos they asked.
The physical symptoms I felt were real in March '04, not all felt as one. I contend poor diagnostics&amp;bedside manner R why I was misdiagnosed
At the beginning of March 2004 I had been back from Wash. DC for for 8 years and had lived one of those in London.
This country is living in cloud cuckoo land, You trashed my life&amp;turned it to shit with your useless arrogant nasty MHAct of bigoted garbage
@NHSGrampian Your mind numbing stupidity of dragging a supposed ill person before a panel of god know how many people is totally despicable.
@NHSGrampian Did it ever cross your minds to actually talk to me as your equal in competence, ability and sanity?
@NHSGrampian What reason did NHS Grampian give U on 28.6.04 for having arrested me without explanation as I left Boots having paid my bill?.
Depression is a physical, not a psychological condition. As with cancer a psychological problem can exist in parallel.
As a driver I'd like to buy breathyliser kit so I can check in morning if wine with dinner evening before is impairing my brain.
I see absolutely no reason why judicial orders of trial etc... underway cannot be put on a public noticeboard somewhere
Of course I trust PR officers, but it is not always sensible to tell them what one is doing and why.
Surprised not to have seen metal rack in Bradford Court press room where judicical orders R accessible to press without them needing to ask
Heard announcements at Bradford Crown Court re issue desk-wondered if it's where daily judicial orders R made available to public attending.
I contend that I should never once have been sectioned, and that the original premise was wrong, still unknown to me, and inexcusable.
General Royd Regen feeling,attended by elected reps of various parties being unprecedentedly quiet, was we need discretion til election over
Official minutes of Royd Regen will be forthcoming, and will be available from full committee sec.
My colleague on the royd regen business sub committee presented an update on our jointly agreed work. Well done, Sue.
traffic speed stats submitted yesterday to Royd Regen for outside the library by the village green, near the blind spot.
Whoops -- an extra g there. Further report later today.
Update from sec to Royd Regen on correspondence about Walker Cloggs.
Royd regen heard read an update from the Station (Trains) partnership - partnership powering on with meetings.
Royd regen meeting on whole of view swimming pool committee needs to think beyond Council in its search for capital project support.
Royd regen heard update on Swimming pool, agreed to give as much moral/grant applying support as possible to their committee
Royd Regen meeting: Arts Festival update - impressive progress, considerable respect from Royd Regen attendees.
Twitter correction following Royd Regen meeting: Mytholmroyd has three, not two schools.
Hello Mytholmroyd -- there is a Royd Regeneration meeting tonight in the Erringdon Room - St Michael's at 7.30.
Now I need an idiot's guide to rules of evidence.
US National Institutes for Health and ooocyte freezing. 
Am I now or have I ever been clinically Paranoid? No. Don't blame me for the arrogant, not very competent bastards you are employing.
Whizzed through Contempt chapter, and chapter on sexual offences. Looks like I was conning an old edition, though. Backtrack to principles.
Pleasant to come across colleagues in the press room.
Interestingly McNae was not the text recommended to me in 1981 in my training at the London College of Printing.
And another day in Bradford Crown Court Press Box, reading McNae in downtime.
Extracted the date of the Acts referred to -- reading list! Yes issue 4 2014 Science, People &amp; Politics is happening.
Even put wretched orders in chronological order, having sorted by type, then thought someone is probably going to be really cross I did that
Flipped through judicial orders in the press room restricting various things.
Rather cross prosecutor not happy at lack of assistant in court.
And another very useful day as a journalist at Bradford Crown Court.
My brain/intellect are V. good, better than many think, but for what I am trying to do vis a vis the MHAct it is not good enough.
Your misdiagnosis of me in 2004 was abusive, inexcusable and incomprehensibly arrogant. Dont blood dare call me arrogant in same breath.
There is no comparison and no commonality in my interaction with the psychiatric profession and that of anyone else at all whom I know.
Preparations for interment of King Richad III. What an astonishing week.
Me: U spoke to my GP with my consent? What did U understand by what she said, what did she say? Specialist: XXX. Me: YYYYYYY
The last official words I heard spoken on the record in Bradford Crown Court on Friday? They were, "God save the Queen."
My years of being a cow were short lived in 80s, were rare momenst -- and I am not pleased with myself, and they were not connected to work.
My intervening years were full time journalism -- becoming after three years well paid top level international journalism.
My four year degree was 4 years, not 3 spread over 4. My part time M.Phil conversion to Ph,D was full on.
I respect the medical profession - having a four year University degree, I truly understand what a five year degree is.
If arse holes cant tell you in 8 days of deprivation of freedom what the fuckwits R doing walk out door. I'll March to parliament with you.
Rape me, and there is no sodding way I will forgive you - get a freakin priest, find me a police woman.
Good morning. Dr Paul Sclare - Aberdeen Royal Cornhill Hospital - you are a  fool. Rip up your God Damned phase 4 clinical trial results.
'morning. You're a fool, Paul Sclare. You deprived me of freedom without cause or exlanation. Bet your Ass I walked out the God damned door.
When in silent, abusive negligence, with prurient bigotry&amp;arrogance U misdiagnosed me in 04 U destroyed truth in my relationhips.Rot in hell
Try songs two and three for starters. 
We're good at transforming base physical instinct to life affirming respectful sharing, hence I believe weakness can always become strength.
Adults sometimes live with carers, or have solicitors trusted with power of attorney.
The laws of libel and defamation must apply in what a patient writes within medical records as comment.
Patient, not doctor or NHS, must set the password and permissions for access to their med record. Record must carry patient queries&amp;comments
IT needs t be constructed such that the patient not the NHS has total and absolute control of a patient's medical records -- not the NHS.
No doctor should speak to another doctor without the patient's consent, and no doctor should believe medical records without patient input.
I would like opportunity as a patient to speak for 1/2hr to GPs&amp;psychiatrists about what I think is wrong re concept fo mental health.
I don't have the legal skill NEEDED to correct MHAct, but I know it's wrong &amp;easy to abuse, &amp; I'm convinced concept mental health is wrong.
I am as horrified by the misreported essence of my complaint made last year by solicitors, as I am horrified by the medical lies of 2004.
I may be too hurt to help put right the medical system which destroyed me.
Lack of pro. grief counselling, my socioec. status in class ridden soc. &amp; sexism cost me med school when my father died. My intellect was OK
Get it in yr bigoted brains,U wanted psychologist&amp;others to kiss yr  medical arrogant arses in 2004&amp;endorse yr abuse&amp;negligent misdiagnosis.
Get it through you bitchig brains in 2004 you MISdiagnosed with illness I've never had cos you were arrogant lying bigoted belittling gits.
Having taken a sledgehammer in 2004 to smash me apart with lying abusive  you left me with no "pain" relief&amp;no means to put myself together.
My understanding of I what  needed to say to West York Police from Jan 2004 changed, as my own realisation without accusing anyone developed
Why in '04 was no effort made to clarify physical symptoms&amp;seek physio/&amp;anatomical cause?I asked if spiked food an option.I didnt say it was
Would I ever have used language such as bimbette in 2004? No - no where in my brain til they started lying through their bitching teeth.
Which bigoted bimbettes wanted you to assume in 2004 my query re spiked food must be mental illness?
At no stage was my query re spiked food/drink taken seriously by medics, in 2004.No exploration made of physical symptoms on 6/3/04 or after
Being told it is too late to test whether set of symptoms could have been spiked food or drink implies it could have ben.
Get ready to examine every single diagnosis made by Dr P Sclare, and rip his phase 4 clinical trial to shreds.
I suggest you rid selves of delusion Calderale NHS Foundation Trust that you were other than negligent via lying employees in 2004.
The worthless lying arrogant damage you did me Dr M Balraj in 2004 destroyed &amp; endangered my life, &amp; lives on in trashed medical relations.
Why would you not tell me Dr Balraj, the specific thing I had done or said which you thought was psychosis? Whyd id you lie to totally?
The question could I have had food or drink spiked is not psychotic -- I had good reason to ask the question.
On 23-3-2004 I asked if I could have been exposed to spiked food or drink-I didn't say I had.There was no exploration with me of that query.
Contrary to what might seem case, I both like/ed my local medics. I truly have no understanding of how they got it so wrong - and they did
@bodleianlibs I'd love to, have always loved you town since 2 of my school friends studied at Uni. there in 70s&amp;I visited them for 1st time.
I would oppose private record by anyone but doctor in health care.
I am happy for doctor's aide memoir to be seen as sacrosanct UNIQUE privilege, separate from public record, &amp; never seen ANYONE but doctor.
What qualifications do those following psychiatric patients with clipboards have? Patenits must demand to see ALL clinical notes.
Time now for mid morning coffee.
Journalists, editors, producers (employed, freelance or business owner) work commercially, but we also have a unique public duty.
Yes, Dr Hargreaves, you are correct, I did mention MI6 to you, but I did not tell you I worked for them.
What are the neurotransmitters impacted by that drug? How does that neurotransmitter relate to delusion? But that is not delusion.
Commeth the hour, commeth the man or woman -- and I am no saint.
@TheBMA Mental health means you have set up a campaign point which undermines the physicality of supposed mental health. You are killing.
Dr M Balraj -- I question whether you were racially prejudiced against me in 2004. I know you are an outright liar in your medical notes.
Who taught me to abhor racial prejudice? I have no idea. But I sure as hell did learn. Take your stinking projections and choke on them.
Tell me medics--did you deliberately not answer my questions in 2004 to drive me crazy&amp;make me angry to create symptom covering your abuse?
So now you medics are going to explain the shite you have since dreamt up and get your stinking garbage of bigotry out of my medical records
No -- ass hole medics --  you did not diagnose me, because you never told me, and I showed &amp; displayed no relevant symptoms
Sectioned by a fuckwit like Dr Paul Sclare. Walk straight out if you want, I'll March to Parliament with you. My hatred &amp; anger is just.
In 2004 Medics did me as much harm as if they had beaten me senseless for 4 yrs with truncheons.
I swear to GOD the misdiagnosis of me is so total that you should be shit scared of what has been done in your name under MHAct.
I've not experienced paranoia, delusion or hallucination--so give me MY life back&amp;stop listening to bitching bimbettes &amp; negligent medics.
Had any sodding psychiatrist asked to speak to my GPs I would have said yes without any hesitation.
I also know difference between hear and here, am highly literate - so you have a problem -- or I've acquired one -- and it's emotional.
What was I doing at Bradford Crown Court? Observing criminal law and procedure in action. Learning and developing deep respect.
I accuse Dr Susan Bradbury of seeking to suborn the power of the Court.
Get ready to face GMC, cos I want you bastards striking off as clinically inept, cruel, and criminal.I need nothing from you as defence.
Your second problem medics, I take after my father, whom I knew for 17 years, and you are way underestimating my smarts.
You have a problem medics: You fucked up, covered up, screwed up and abused me, then did not once bother to tell me why you were abusing me.
Another excellent date as a member of the press in Bradford Crown Court, observing trial and procedure.
The Baring Archive -- not checked it out yet. 
As a business decision, however, my choice was good. I was well capitalised,  and had a good professional track record.
Right you life destroying bastards, what was the god damned delusion you thought I had with which you pissed my life in 2004 to wasted hell?
Dr David Hargreaves you would seem to be diagnosing on the basis of supposition, chinese whispers, misreporting and your own arrogance.
Dr Susan Bradbury, expert witness, you should never again be allowed in a Court. To admit actions isnt  admisison those actions were crime.
The patient must control access to their medical notes.
What does Calder Valley mean to me? Police &amp; medics &amp; belittling bigots destroying all I had accomplished, while solicitors stood silent.
What does London mean to me? My work, colleagues and friends.
What does Washington DC mean to me? My home for six years, with friends, colleagues, work and hope and pleasure.
Three mind numbingly offensive NHS non clinical employees have now aimed inexcusabe and unprovoked nastiness at me. I doubt I am only one.
I repeat: querying whether someone calling from 01484 number was seeking to shift one's surgery to Huddersfield is not an arrogant question.
On what is my claim to be a journalist based? My degree in biophysics, my post grad experience, my years paid and in print --- now sod off.
IT must give patient TOTAL control over their own medical records, with space to add questions or comments to medical notes.
Happiness day? Not til you repeal stinking garbage of MHAct and rip power over anything but medicine from hands of medics and support staff.
Just started reading Cymbeline.
What does Burnley mean to me? The market, tripe with vinegar. Grandma, great Aunt Lucy and Mum.
What does Huddersfield mean to ME? The market. Coffee shops with great aunt Lucy and Mum - on trips back from Washington DC and London.
What does Halifax mean to me? The town on my birth certificate, my step dad's town, Halifax Building Society, for years community's heart.
An older Frank sings the impossible dream --- 
And another. 
This from 95th Rifles is interesting - 1806 British unsuccessful invasion Spanish colonies in South America 
Nathan from the Australian Government Bureau of Meteorology. 
First year of Ph.D isnt interchangeable with M,Phil, &amp; in months of starting my M.Phil it was transitioning to 1st year of Ph.D.

Visit us at: 
00:35 UTC 

You have a problem with the MHAct. Split health to physical, and review interplay between physical and psychology stemming from upbringing.
What does Todmorden mean to me? Grandma&amp;Grandad, junior school, playing in back streets with friends. Dad winning top salesman trip to Rome.
Ankara expecting EU to open chapter 17 soon - POLITICS 
The fall of the Ottomans - FOLDED CORNER 
I think it would be rather fun to have the S.N.P. in a coalition government, but I want a referendum on Europe.
Who helped Labour during WWII to set up the NHS?
What DID Hebden Bridge mean to me?Childhood, family, Heinz's corner shop, Edmonton's, library, St John's Ambulance Brigade, church, my dad.
Think fractals, and read all the summary of work of the Nobel prizes winners for economics.
What is politics doing for those who don't get out of bed cos we've made world in which there's nothing for them to get out of bed for?
Welcome back to the US dollar. Good to see you.
Pleasant conversation yesterday with my colleague, the deputy editor of Science, People &amp; Politics.
Before 2004 Hebden Bridge&amp;Calder Valley were my rock, then by medical and academic abuse, silence and lies they became a stone drowning me.
What does Washington mean to me? Home, work, friends, colleagues, the Smithsonian, Virginian towns, US travel, Thanksgiving dinners.
What does London mean to me? Home, friends, work, river, colleagues, Wimbledon week, bridge evenings, Saturday shopping, the river, theatre.
Réaction du musée suite à l'attaque perpétrée au @BardoMusee 
Russia to send new missiles to Baltic exclave on manoeuvres 
U.S. vows to keep pressing China on bank cybersecurity rules 
India to strip RBI of power to regulate government bonds 
All in UK, whether NHS staff or not, at some stage will be patient. Law needs to assert patient notes &amp; technical results belong to patient
Either there was wilful misunderstanding of courteous Qs I asked re surgeon or NHS staff don't understand who patient's body belongs to
Being told I'm arrogant cos I asked politely if surgoen I'd not heard of who to operate on me could talk to surgeon who knew me is sickening
Getting offered a new surgical appointment with a surgeon one has never heard of is not like being told your hairdresser is away.
Background business stuff for GavaghanCommunications/Helen Gavaghan 
Leader of the opposition speaking.


I am totally sick of the garbage talked about higher paid graduates, and sick of class sytem crap. Right -- back to work.
As member of public I wish the back benches would sodding well shut up and let me hear front benches are saying.
IOD report on how business can prepare for business life IF the Eurozone breaks up. 
Message to self: time now to excise opinion, and adjectives. I'm trained by paid work, C.P.D. and at post grad level -- so jolly well do it.
Of current relevance: Queen Victoria's India Proclamation 1.11.1858 and that of George V on 9.11.1908.  
Seems local Trust employs secretaries who think patients must genuflect to consultants and ignore registrars. Not on your Nellie.
Like I say, I don't care if consultant is viewed as GOD ALMIGHTY, if he cant talk to colleague who recommended surgery he's no use to anyone
Registered my most recent enhanced DBS this morning. I think IVF is a medical boon.
I thought my 3 hours training at Bradford Chamber of Commerce by HMRC on export was fascinating. Take home message? FILL IN FORMS CORRECTLY.
And so to bed.
Most civilised sandwiches and coffee afterwards, and pleasant exchanges with the Bradford University business networkers.
Tempted at 4.15 to catch bus home but decided to network at  Bradford School of management. The topic? Branding and playing to strengths.
My 3 previous tweets relate to Court 7 of Bradford Crown Court today 16 March, 2015 betw. 11.30 &amp; 4.15 during not insignificant fraud trial.
A defendant referred to as wife of man giving evidence discharged to bail. Jury told by judge not to interpret act outside his instructions.
For short time jury had to leave as point of law Decided. Look like whole  Bradford defence bar robed in body of Court-sensibly in my view.
In Court 7 of Bradford Crown Court between 11.30 &amp; 4.14 today. An unexpectedly important day in 300.000 thou bank fraud trial.
@HepworthGallery Fine - if you are not guilt tripping a fiver 0ut of those with least disposable income.
Do you here the people sing? 
What does Mytholmroyd have?Schools,village green,branch library,train&amp;petrol stations,CofE church,village hall,docs surgery,community centre
Hope it's nice over Easter - planning walk into Hebden, and a picnic in the park.
Not sure what the village am drams are doing at St Michael's this year.
I think the Mytholmroyd Historical Society - which promotes local history - this year is having a trip to the Canal museum.
Have we learned to let bygones be bygones if someone has served fair time. Are we sure what we call crime is crime, &amp; we 'd no culpability?
My 4yr hons degree 1980 at time degrees rarer than now is employability cornerstone, not snobbery. 3 and 4 yr Uni degrees are different.
In my experience, small businesses prefer their customers to arrive with their heads attached -- but they will brand for custom. Go figure.
Jurisprudence today: spent enough time mulling on thou shall not kill, time now to deconstruct thou shall not steal.
Oh I see -- consider French and German sentence construction, &amp; apply concepts for meta tags -- oh flip, that's nearly 1000 pages to review.
Very good talk today at Leeds University Business School on branding today. Some useful networking, and long, long bus journeys.
Interesting talk this evening on slave trade links with Halifax at Mytholmroyd Historical Society.
Procedural changes to criminal law in Japan are going through the Diet. 
A slightly out of date RAND report on North Korea as a missile threat. 
Unnamed source talking of a second Chinese aircraft carrier gets ink in The Straits Times. 
GANYMEDE!!! -- now this is a really interesting teaser of a press release from NASA - from the venerable Hubble - 

About Us 
Yesterday's press release from United Steelworkers re refinery strike. Deccan Herald reporting impact in Asia. 
The Deccan Herald (India) reports chaos in Kerala assembly as budget presented. 
side tracked by a paper on mobile money, transition from product to service - oh, and I oppose reducing duty on sprits - quite the oppose.
OK quit wittering, get on with coffee and global news check -
What a hubristic and cruel view, that humans should think they're the most important thing on the planet.
Have I ever experienced any type of paranoia? No? Have I ever been mistaken in non paranoid ways? Yes -- that is because I am a human being.
Does stress exist,and have biological impact? Yes. I depression a real physical illness? Yes. Endocrinology? Love to talk about it.
If mental health pros are saying the MHAct is needed, they are talking self serving bigoted and lazy  garbage.
Did you look at me in 2004&amp;think all was serene. No: my life was disappearing down the toilet, flused away by professinals I'd trusted.
In 2004 when medics negligently destroyed my life I bought cigarettes, and learned I really was an ex smoker. I tried to restart, &amp; couldn't
If I had not smoked for 16 of my 58 years I would be a lot richer - end 2015 will be 19 years since I stopped smoking.
Thought I'd catch BBC World Service -- landed on Science in Action.
REMINDER THAT BUSINESS FOR CALDERDALE EXISTS. 
I understand passion of politics behind closed door, but disappointed to hear PM call leader of opposition despicable, when he clearly isn't
Editorial and appendix for issue 4 2014 now out with advisors in unfinished but substantive form. On with the show,
If its true journalists hacked telephone messages of an ill person and wrote stories based on that, the hackers in my view belong in prison.
CONSUMER PROTECTION - a UsefUL PAGE 
Paraxylene [1,4 dimethylbenzene] - how it's made and transported -- Chevron Phillips 


Telecom frequency spectrum sale Time of India latest. 
I'm developing new respect for French reflexive verbs &amp; sentence construction, as means of clarifying subject and object early in  sentence!
Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, presents the UK Budget 2015 to parliament on 18th March, 2015. 
MENTAL HEALTH ACT IN THE UK 
Check how many doctors have hidden their negligence behind false accusation their patients are mentally ill when they are not.
The brain is physical, the concept mental is bullshit, your MHAct is thick as pigshit, covering negligence, bigotry, snobbery &amp; stupidity..
The murdrous malice with which Manchester Uni destroyed my life&amp; Ph.D uless I admitted illness I didnt have is despicable. Repeal MHAct.
Uneducated bigots drawing on wikipedia, probably on a power trip in  bed with police trashed my life. Not one symptom ever.
How many others than me received psychiatric diagnoses despite never having experienced a symptom? &amp; I mean without doubt no symptom ever.

Morning coffee -- thoroughly enjoying -- now could you get on with the exercise routine, please, Gavaghan.
Chatted last week to leader of Labour Group in Calderdale, we were one in wanting debates fair to all parties.
My local MP (C), local ward counsellors (all 3 parties) &amp; Labour party candidate for my constituency have HEARD all my concernrs.
I am still leaning toward voting Conservative, but am open to change my mind. And I want to hear NO nastiness aimed at Mr Milliband.
Broadcasters not doing their damdest to respectfully get PM in debate is totally disgusting.
I am 100% sure going back for Ph.D at my own expense was totally the right thing for me to do.
Have we yet stopped driving men to early heart attacks?
Brilliant idea to have career check at 50 to see if work one is doing is dangerous for one's health. If dangerous to others, one stops.
I had partner who worked like hell til early 50s. If given a sabbatical for a year of two, he might have wanted to go back gang busters.
I can think of nothing more insulting to women+minorities than creating preferment lists for their selection for jobs.
This country has lost tax on half a million pounds because of negligence, abuse and lies by medics and police.
My skills are bang up to date, and I should actually be teaching, not being taught IT skills. My retirement age is 66.
@MirrorPolitics I think cross words about all politicians should stay behind closed doors, and those running for office not abused publicly.
@Julseyboy14 Does Legal Aid exist now for mental health tribunals, and if patient want to argue for right to stay in hospital?

Bank of England brief history of bank notes - thanks very much. 
IHR review/summary of book on The Great Game (Russia and Britain 1857 to 1907). 
Advanced Micro Devices Analyst Ratings, Earnings, Dividends &amp; Insider Trades (NASDAQ:AMD) 
Apple's new ultra thin Mac book 

U.S. declares Venezuela a national security threat, sanctions top officials 
EU nears deal on $338 billion plan to tackle drop in investment 
WTO press release 6.3.15 on EU donation for developing country participation in trade talks 
Trade Policy Review Japan - 9 to 11 March, 2015 -- W.T.O. 
WTO and WCO --- 
World Customs Organization -- interesting IGO -- 
NASDAQ technology sales pitch  
If your property was stolen on camera, would you want police &amp; self notifying? Property recovered and thief to be prosecuted? I would.
YALE and Latin American and Iberian law.  
Text of Napoleonic Civil code. 
Academic book for sale re log book of Magellan's Master's Mate's ship journey home  
Upcoming biology cionferences. very useful. 
ht…
Right, Texas -- explain the death penalty to me. 
YouTube
90 minutes before Supreme Court, or 90 minutes before crowd of 100,000? Hmmmm
The intense daily training of intellectual muscles to practise law is as intense, as complex and 10x more important than friggin football.
2 electric fires Mum got me new 4 Xmas:lucky I was in room when new elements FIZZLED. Cost to NHS would otherwise have been astronomical.
How does a govt issue 100 years Consols when all Finance Acts both promulgated and abrogated (marked cleary as one or other) are not online?
Hacked off at gaps in Finance Act record accessible online via National Archives. I can't afford time or money to get to London
 at moment.
Hacked off that an Act of Parliamen as important as Ottawa Agreements Act was not accessible online via  National Archives lat week.
GC customer care policy -- you have a right for me to put in writing my policy. I've no right to make you do my work.
GC customer care policy - if I've not explained such that you understand, that is more my fault than yours.
The hubris of any one party claiming the NHS as its own is pretty unedifying, surely?
GC Customer care policy: happy to seek to clarify where misunderstanding might be, and no interest in customer care as a power play.
Have I tried to loose someone a job? No.
I've never experienced the desire to "wipe smile of anyone's face with a thump". Luck of my draw-not earned. Now repeal MHAct, please.
I have never once experienced the desire to "stick out a leg" and trip up someone. That is my luck of the draw, not an earned position.
My view of publicity for me -- I loath it, but I will not let the abuses under the MHAct go unchallenged.
By the time the safe guards of the MHAct kick in, the life of its victim (eg mine) has been destroyed, and turned to hell on Earth. I know.
Tried to find out if contact lense test should have been paid for by me. Specsavers unprofessionalism sickening+harmful.My provocation?None.
I oppose the MHAct, which I know to be dangerous and ignorant. If you call that help - your help is self serving idiocy.
I was for years happy customer at Specsavers Halifax- their behaviour to me today was so despicable I actually hate the company's guts now.
@Specsavers
@Specsavers Your Halifax store has just treated me with such nastiness that  it verges on criminal abuse of NHS voucher scheme.
GC custumer care policy: At no stage will I disconnect a phone call without mutual consent.
GC customer care policy: If you find it difficult to speak to me for any reason, my deputy will be pleased to answer your questions.
Self defence is when under personal physical attack or coercion, and must never be after the event, or motivated by hurting the other.
It would seem schools still dont take bullying seriously, nor teach it is wrong to kick.
We're in the Water Front room at Hebden Bridge Town hall -- digital Britain presentation underway.

Presenter at Hebden Bridge Town Hall says Google webmasters at 
Regional interest shows up in Google Trends, says presenter at Hebden Bridge Town Hall. Now we're looking at Google Analytics and data.
Presenter at Hebden Bridge Town Hall just got a laugh, we're learning how to follow vodka and hangover on Google Trends.
Top tips on building a website currently being presented at Hebden Bridge Town Hall. Just moved to Google Trends.
The Event opened by Craig Whittaker MP, at the Google Juice Bar in Hebden Bridge Town Hall, was attended by Leeds City Council.
Craig Whittaker MP just opened Google Juice Bar at Hebden Bridge Town Hall
What is unbearable is a judge thanking people who assaulted you as they abused the law by their actions. And the despicable silent condoning
I say again: if you promote mental health agenda, you'll kill loved ones. Brain is physical. MHAct safeguards kick in too late.
W. Post reports 6 March impact on food price &amp; poverty 1st half 2014 of rice import restriction and Typhoon Haiyan. 
What is unbearable is to be lied to and about by the medical profession and their staff.
Violence continues to plague Iguala 
Peru's ambassador to the US yesterday presented his credentials to President Obama, reports The Peruvian Times. 

The Santiago Times reports deputies yesterday approved 2015 budget. 
Buenos Aires Herald take today on European share proces 
Buenos Aires Herald. Brazilian currency hitting a low. 
ECB press releases - most recent press release 22/1/15, but look out for events today. 
NATO press release 4.3.15 of NATO ships arriving for training in Black Sea with Turkish, Romanian + Bulgarian Navies  
Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority:  
And story re safeguards in today's  Mainichi 
Discussion of recently announced Chinese defence budget - in China Peoples' Daily. 
China Peoples' Daily:  National Peoples' Congress and CPPPCC get underway.  
I don't believe idiocy aimed at me by employees of Brit. State in official capacity was personal, even if I think its essence was malice.
Federal Trade Commission guide to anti trust law. Enjoy! 
Privatising the NHS could lead to hideous anti competition law suits.
Bank of England - bonds - now pay Lord Grabiner's bill, and don't whinge.

I know first hand ptsd exists, and since lying bastard medics caused that in bigotry &amp; arrogance they can't cure me--and seem not to care.
Well this is very interesting. 
Ah ha! Insight into conversion of contingent resource to reserves from Norwegian Petroleum Directorate in 2001. 
Cold Springs Harbour, article on the centrosome and its duplication cycle. 
ECB Bond Market Contact Group - interesting page. Issues for 2015 in Euro area. 
Wash. Post reports David Petraeus pleading guilty to misdemeanour in handling classified material. 
I am trying to recall I am a nice person, which is difficult, because I do not know where to put my justifiable anger.
Dictionnaire français - Dictionnaires Larousse français monolingue et bilingues en ligne: 
Foreign Affairs Papers of United States -- Fab -- some other time though.

The 1932 Ottawa Agreements Act. Might save me reading 100 finance acts ---- please.

"Detecting protein phosphorylation in stem cells with Simple Western charge assays " on @LinkedIn 
Finished pulling quotes from Alan Knight, Robert Skidelsky and Peter Lyon. Plotting buying Matthew Mirow 2004 book. Beautifully clear prose.
@Symbiartic fab pix so far tweeted for your attention

@Davos DOCTORS should not take the lead in push to enhance resilience to climate change. Medicine first - always.
GNP and GDP from the Irish central Stats Office. OFFICIALlY legilslated body. 
My business decisions April 2004 to May 2005 were to save my life, not my business, and were non deluded and non paranoid.
And I adored the American Colonies hotel where I stayed. And felt for the Israeli soldier we hacks gave a lift to.
Have I been to Jerusalem? Yup. On Mount of Olives I decided ride  a camel was not for me.
Jerusalem Post:Palestinian plans to file war crimes case with international criminal court  
Turkey's stance on retaking Mosul from ISIL, In hurriyet Daily news. 
Taiwan Today - story re conference on urban spatial development. 

To think I wrote a feature about Tidal power and Severn Barrage -- must have given the environmental lobby heart failure --
We former New Scientist hacks R sniffy re when rag was best. My view? 7 yrs me on staff of course! We were political+tech as well as science
And I've decided now to start following FOREX.  
US Trans Pacific Partnership page -- one of Twitter accounts I follow -- very useful. 
Interview report in Mainichi Shimbun today re status of Fukushima water decontamination, with emphasis on Strontium: 
Story in Japan's Mainichi on Iran's civilian nuclear purchasing hopes from Japan if deal to lift sanctions reached:  

@BriteLondon @FreudMusLondon Thoroughly enjoyed eventbrite event listed in Leeds - Inspiring Enttrepreneurs - ordered by me on 30th January.
Well I really enjoyed this paper. NO SINGLE CURRENCY REGIME IS
RIGHT FOR ALL COUNTRIES OR AT ALL TIMES

I guess it's obvious to say that social factors and prejudices can screw up the neatest and nicest macroeconomic theories?
@portlandpress Was diagnosed with this in States,but 2004 told it had gone.Does that make sense? Symptoms awful in my 30s/40s have gone now.
What would 20mgs olanzapeine forcibly administered daily do to normal do? I want Drs D Burley &amp; P Sclare struck off.
@TheLawSociety I'm already priced out, despite education and professional life that should put me well out of low to middle income earning.
Mercosur official documents 
FREE FT BUSINESS SKILLS MOOC TRACKER 
Definition of seignorage from FT: 

Simple linear regression -- MIT

Rtr'd prof. Martha Smith's blog Musings on using and misusing statistics. 

Money supply. 
@itvlondon @itvnews Gosh -- do hope diner didn't get waiter flogged.
@BBCRadio4 Household Levy sounds like the Poll tax to me.
The Straits Times -- Singapore budget 2015. 
New challenge for self: read out loud and translate one short article each morning from Le Monde. Start tomorrow.
Committee on Foreign Investment in the US. An interesting US Treasury page. 
Net Neutrality from Public Knowledge dot org 


On Saturday 27ths Wired published ERS pix of state of volcano eruptions 
AP reports joint Sunni-Shiite backed Iraq security forces operation to retake Tikkrit.
John Kerry meets Sergei Lavrov today. Washington Post. 
Visited EnQuest, seemingly a Twitter-free zone. 
Parliament of Australia -  Access to + retention internet metadata 
Star Trek's Spock might have given me naïve hope, but I oppose sacrifice of even one for the good of the many.
The last place on Earth I'd have rented a home for any but short term expediency is the Calder Valley bottom - "hell" for me, not criticism.
If I'd known academic, medical stupidity I was to meet 2004 I'd have rented my moorland home out (not sold) &amp; moved to London or Paris.
Dr Paul Sclare, psychiatrist at Aberdeen Royal Cornhill in 2004, an Dr David Burley, currently HBGP belong may deserves to be struck off.
@jonsnowC4 @Channel4News How can I help to stop this obscene barbaric Saudi behaviour?
@jonsnowC4 @Channel4News How can I help stop this obscene barbaric Saudi behaviour?
Negligence &amp; abuse by your employees of me from 2004 caused my small 2006 bankruptcy. You pay, not me, else you've betrayed our country.
@squarechapel hi Michaela - sounds like a club i'd enjoy--- how much is entry fee?
@SumnerScience @ScienceNews Fantastic - I loved pottering around LA - stayed  at Santa Monica and Venice Beach. Vitisted downtown &amp; museums.
@DVLAgovuk I still have hard drive all email I sent. I still assert no illness U need know&amp;lying medical negligent life destroying bastards.
@US_FDA Co-incidence - I've just read that fact in a reference book.
This week started well with excellent business networking in Henry Moore Institute Leeds.
I fail to see how Papal jurisdiction applies in jurisdiction of excommunicated Monarchs of Sovereign lands.
Repeatedly in 2004 I drew to DVLA attention what should have alerted them to medical wrong. When I'd been only polite, they were offensive.
@WIPO Great link.  
@LibDems End division to mental &amp; physical health in your mind. Think infectious or not, targetable by drugs, or not.
HG to check today if the 1939 Trading with the Enemy Act has been repealed. Thanks to National Archives librarian for your leads.
The MHAct is our bigoted ignorance, spitting in face of law, science, medicine, anatomy, physiology, humanity, god, gods, God and atheists.
Debbretts. The Diplomatic Service. Forms of address. 
Must remember to order copy of skinny bitch cook book. Or the vegan one.
@MentalHealthCop I'm still here, and I continue to argue the MHAct is unsafe legislation as law and science.
I'm experienced editor (news, features+title as whole) not only an historian. And that's how I'm thinking for my last article on Antarctica.
I think there is sod all ambiguous about Mr Putin. Could someone please find out what is pissing him off.
@LeedsBaroque @TheCCLeeds Any chance of doing stabat mater? Pergolesi?
Internatioanl Law Commission Year book  Treaties and Conventions. 
I've never experienced even mild psychosis or paranoia - was I dealing with stupidity, sexism, ignorance, snobs, or condescending bigots?
@David_Cameron I'm expert to match Dame Janet on subject of compulsion+co-ercion in medicine. One doesn't need to be a physician for that.
Welcome to John Maynard Keynes version of Don Quixote:The General Theory of Employment, Interest and money. Int. Eds. 
At Bradford School of Management yesterday for knowledge Transfer Event on M &amp; A, and on innovation. Talks from trench fighters.
@Number10gov Prime minister, do you advocate cutting salary or increasing tax of the obese? If not I urge no benefit cuts for the obese.
The UK Mental Health Act is unsafe legislation: No ifs, ands or buts.
Dr Burley, thank your for holding letter responding to mine. It will be copied in my allegation to GMC of medical negligence and cruelty.
Mr Martin, Yr letter to me 27 July 2014 is actionably libellous, is it also malicious communication under meaning+intent of the Act?
Another truffle. 1923 Tract on monetary reform, by John Maynard Keynes 
IMF translating terminology betw. English &amp; German. 
Physical manifestations of dementia are not behavioural problems. They are physical symptoms of physical illness.
When I sold my cottage in Colden in 2004 it was to buy other property. I made an offer before medical lying crap drove me to bankruptcy.
responsive polymers to biomacromolecules.


I'm interested in declared earnings given Court judgement, assumption of debtor innocence, VAT owed &amp; cash accounting? Sure I quizzed HMRC.
Tell me Dr David Hargeraves -- how many other human lives have you destroyed, writing drivel such as that you wrote about me in 2008?
Were you driven by sexism, Dr David Burely, or lies such as those which fed HBGP's letter to me of actionable malice, dated 27 July, 2014?
5 months Dr David Burley signed me sick with stress (2005), while with holding serious diagnosis (wrong) drove me to bankruptcy end 2006
Med. notes, X rays, machine settings, raw data etc must be viewed as belonging to patient, who can work with doctor. Not admin or Xray tech.
I repeat that my bankruptcy had nothing to do with poor analysis, poor financial insight or poor commercial analysis. Not guilty m'lud.
I don't think police R trash-that's not meaning of my police trash tweet. But U did cage, handcuff, deride, scare and unlawfully arrest me.
My opposition to NUJ paying 10 quid to Hebden Bridge Town Hall project  was not opposition to the Town Hall.
To casually dismiss wrongful sectioning of a human being, knowing that could have killed them strikes me as unutterably despicable.
@TheAtlantic Long time since I watched superbowl in States with Americans, but it was great.
Skinny bitch book of vegan swaps 
You turn blind eye to GBH of me by medics in 2008? Stop trying to find label tol exculpate you from your medical abuse. There isn't one.
I won't escalate justifiable complaint I have against HBGP because they made evidence to suit themselves. Your hell, not mine.
In no world  lexicon did I say foul word in Hebden Bridge Group Practise. That accusation and its management shows there is a real problem,
Unless you minimally have medical degree+GMC license U played no part in medical misdiagnosis of me in 2004, no matter what U said to whom..
I've decided to apply for magistracy. Refusal won't offend me unless cos I was discharged from bankruptcy without BROs or BRUs on 8.11.2007
I people wish to exclude appointment as magistrate for no reason other than having gone thru' bankruptcy I want to renounce my citizenship.
I have no current intent of seeking to become an MP.
If people want to exclude by law from becoming MP for no reason other than having gone thru' bankruptcy I wish to renounce my citizenship.
Calderdale Bus. Growth, University of Bradford &amp; ERDF: yesterdays CPD on finance taught by Iain Ward-Campbell-7.5 hours of stress relief. TA
Superb 7.5 hours of lecture yesterday, taught by University of Bradford. Thank you - that was to me liquid gold.
Professor Donald Cameron Watt (1928-2014) 
The Fat Bitch Cook Book for Girls looks fun to me, Click here: 
@GoldmanSachs @GlobalCapNews Hi.
Quit dividing health into mental and physical, quit dividing work into blue and white collar and quit the class sytem crap.
