nothing is more fulfilling than having a cuddle with my kittens
wish i didn't take my laptop to jordan's last night. lid is covered in alcohol, two of the keys are broken, the screen is gross :(
Good to be home
Deathcamp is the best song on Cherry Bomb
Save the #NHS from privatisation under #TTIP @David_Cameron 
Told myself that I will be sensible and won't get drunk or stay out late tomorrow, cos of the drive home the morning after...yeah...
Today has been the weirdest.
the moment i can feel that, you feel that way too, is when i fall in love with you
Nat King Cole is my hero
The answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind. The answer is blowing in the wind.
Me: Time travel
Boss: What is your biggest stren—WHAT?!
I've been falling asleep so early, and waking up early, but these past few days, I've been falling asleep late, but still waking up early :(
@JulianJrMerrier Yeah, I was just being dramatic to highlight how materialistic I am, really. Definitely isn't the end of the world!
my heart was wrapped up in clover the night i looked at you
My brother in-law made a playlist for my niece, and it's so beautiful and filled with such wonderful songs. I am welling up over here.
Bigass spider running across the floor, sister screams, dog comes along and eats spider, crisis averted
@JulianJrMerrier That is also personal hell. How do you cope? I would just chuck them out the window, man.
I like to keep my issues drawn, it's always darkest before the dawn
This is my personal hell.
Tinny earphones are almost as bad as earphones with only one of the sides working.
I left my really great earphones at my sister's, and these earphones just aren't doing it for me :(
Seeing Ed Miliband on the news just makes me want to cry. Bless him :(

English people: [vote tory]
When someone on Jezza mentions not working/signing on, he says "oh god". What about the people whom have no other choice? Bit judgmental.
I'll stop *talking politics now

*pretending to know what I'm talking about in regards to politics

My confidence is currently through the roof because someone's left Jeremy Kyle on
To be fair, a lot of teenagers probably have a better political view than a lot of adults.
You might be very realistic about your goals today, but it's s... More for Pisces 
I bet the Milifandom are all in school, asking to go home early because of the absolute grief they feel.
The UK has a metaphorical smog looming over it today. I've yet to see one celebratory tweet about Conservative staying in power.
David Cameron looks like a glazed loaf of bread, before it's put in the oven.
I go back to Yorkshire on Sunday. I can't believe how quickly this week has gone.
Still love you, Miliband.
Ed Miliband is preparing his resignation speech, but he genuinely did a sterling job just to get to where he was, pre-results.
Seeya later, Faragegator
"lol look at all these political experts now" it's our country and our future, you atrocious willy.
I backed Labour, but what annoys me is all the non voters, whom are whining about Conservatives being on top. Ypu could have changed that.
Like, lets just see that ol' Davey Cameron has to say.
Cam said he wants to protect and improve the NHS, and I am sceptical, but I don't think they'll entirely take away our NHS. Gonna chill out.
To be fair, the privatisation of the NHS, right now, is just propaganda from angry people. I'm an angry person, but I still see propaganda.
Gonna stop getting angry at the results. We are all in this together, and we'll see how it plays out, I guess.

Name three of their albums
My sister knows how to pick her friends.
might as well just go to bed
@Hopeless_Bay I might as well urn this film off then. What was the point in me staying here, when they're gonna be on the phone all night?
Staying with my sister and her friend, put a film on, they're both jabbering away together, talking to people on the phone, on loudspeaker.
My sister and her friend watch all the soaps. I am so bored.
It's absolutely pississing it down.
the whole beard poo particle thing is gross, but what about the hair on our heads? That's even longer, for the most part.
Feeling poorly, sat with a pair of cackling girls. Help me.
YOU WILL STOP THIS MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU NONSENSE RIGHT THIS SECOND
You are hopeful that your compassionate nature will get you th... More for Pisces 
No one ever wants to watch The Graduate with me :(
her face, at first just ghostly, turned a whiter shade of pale
what kind of shitty company puts a speaker on the bottom of the laptop, anyway?
The Velvet Underground and some lovely sunshine
Spoonies Mexican Mondays are the best.

Her: really? Shit. 

Me: yea, but they look re-mark-able. 

Her: ...

Me: *hands her …
I would like some noodles. We have no noodles.
In bed at 11:30 on a bank holiday Sunday. Rebel rebel
"My name's Fester. It means 'to rot'"
"Gave a homeless man a sausage roll, because I am such a good person" it's a nice thing to do, but you don't have to tell the whole world.
I always moan about this, but I hate it when people do good deeds, just for the bragging rights later on.
The duck may swim on the lake, but my daddy owns the lake
Actual cannibal, Sha Labeouf
I slept reasonably well when I got in, but now I feel like I could fall asleep. Not fair.
The highlight of my night was when Holly's brother said he was doing a McDonald's run, and he brought me back a mayo chicken meal. Hero.
This piece of shit phone decides to just delete all my contacts. That's cool.
I forgot how annoying my dogs are. I miss them the whole time I'm away, but when I come and visit, they're just little menaces.
Stick a fork in the first night of being home, it is done. I am a lightweight for being this tired and this tipsy at 1:25am.
I SEE A BAD MOON RISING
hurry up and get home, wendy!!!
I am so excited to get two little bundles of kitty joy
KITTENS
Rest in peace, Ben E. King.
I hate feeling poorly. So frustrating :(
I have a bruise on my finger that looks like a willy :(
I am so excited to go home in two days. I miss everyone :(
Constantly worrying myself into a state of panic, over the smallest of things.
And I want this stupid cold to piss off. Definitely won't be able to sleep tonight, and tomorrow is such an important day.
Everything seems to be going tits up. I was looking forward to going home, as well.
I'm losing my voice, and I have to speak with professionals tomorrow :(
I got a new jacket, and I had a beautiful garden party with my wonderful northern friends. Today has been super.
Can you hear me, Major Tom?
Jared Leto's Joker looks fucking awesome, man.
Genuinely surprised at how good The Inbetweeners 2 is. I was expecting very little.
I SEE TROUBLE ON THE WAY
I SEE A BAD MOON RISING
best song ♫ 
I don't handle poorlies very well
Definitely my worst weekend. Feel so ill :(
@Hopeless_Bay "it's not on my doorstep, so it doesn't matter" sort of attitude
@Hopeless_Bay the western world just stopped caring, as soon as it was clear that we wouldn't be as affected by it.
"Ebola just up and vanished...I wonder what they were distracting us from" it didn't vanish
I got a musket tangled in my girlfriend's hair, for christ sake.
Kevin Smith is the greatest.
Him: *moves closer. stops &amp; sniffs* omg are you covered in super…
Who told Kevin James that he was funny?
I've settled for Two and a Half Men. Somebody send help.
Too poorly to even entertain the idea of going out.
Scruffy has practically moved into our house since Esmae died. He is taking up most of the bed now as well.

it's lik…
@charlamore gayson dislikes them. There goes the authenticity of your true story!
Wallowing in self pity became I feel poorly :(
*approaches drugdealer*
Me: "Yes hello I'd like to purchase one crack and two marijuanas plea…
Jason and I have really taken to watching Grand Designs. We are old men now.
Curse you, Granny Binns.
I hope I feel better before Tuesday, and before I go home next weekend.
Jason's gran has given me her cold, and I swear it's the worst cold I've ever had :(
Scouting For Girls are playing in Rugby and 14 year old Leanne fangirled a lot
Considering I only got this phone a day ago, it's playing up like a mother fucker.
I need a cuddly kitty or a cuddly doggy :(
It's okay, I like my phone now.
Not sure I like my new phone...
My food is actually one minute late. I won't stand for this...mainly because I am too fat and lazy.
WHERE'S MY FOOD AT, SPICE HUT?
Made Up Love Song #43 is the best.
I would like to leave this city, this old town don't smell too pretty
WATERLOO, COULDN'T ESCAPE IF I WANTED TO
WATERLOO, I WAS DEFEATED, YOU WON THE WAR
New found respect for Reggie Yates.
I hate the idea that my friends and family could be locked away for being gay, had they been born in a country, such as Russia.
I miss having a little kitty to sit with and make annoying kissy noises at
Still not understanding why people are so against the burqa.
Finally ordered a new phone, so I can get rid of my dying tipo. Such a naff, unfortunate phone.
One of the friends I made yesterday told me that my accent sounds "neutral". Fucking neutral.
I can rest easily now
I just found out why some people refer to doing a poo as "making a BM"
Guys, if we win this, we get Hastings!
This book reads like stereo instructions
Beetlejuice is on 5* +1, you're welcome
I know nothing about phones, and I need to buy a new one. I AM OUT OF MY DEPTH
I'll shut up about my mediocre life now.
Definitely wasn't about staying out in Hebden tonight though. Glad I came home early. Nice day, but I am knackered.
My niece is beautiful, as well. Never felt so overwhelmed by a little baby before.
Fucking top day. My Yorkshire friends and family are all beautiful.
Stayed up until 5, talking about music and drinking with great people, then met my niece, then went to Hebden Bridge with great people.
Top ramen, son

Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 

2nd graders: what…
I need a holiday, or failing that, a very long, quiet bath.
When trying to verbally argue a point, it comes out as coherent shit, but give me a word document and silence, and I write a fucking essay.
@gay_pirate82 Bit late to the party, but it was the most recent film.
Hairspray just started on E4+1 and the night just got a lot brighter
Last week was mostly rubbish, and this week is shaping up to be the same. Please, someone provide me with lots of chocolate and Irn-Bru :(
@DaftLimmy You must cover Lady In Red, I beg you.
Gutted to hear about the passing of Percy Sledge. Rest in peace, Sir.
You grow more intuitive as the day wears on, but it's crucial ... More for Pisces 
Forever sending lengthy emails hither and tither
Grumpy at being awake so early.
@Hopeless_Bay I forgot how annoying it was to be a teenager.
I saw these kids, looking at t-shirts with references on, and shouting out what they were from, as if these kids were the coolest ever.
Simon and Garfunkel are love, Simon and Garfunkel are life.
I must be part of the small minority, not shitting themselves for new Game of Thrones.
@yobigdawg I'm feeling more in terms of him looking like an Aardman character, and not a ruthless politician.
I find it really hard to hate Ed Miliband.
whose got your belly?
STILL HOLDING OUT HOPE FOR TICKETS TO THE TRAILER PARK BOYS TOUR
Trailer Park Boys is the best, like, but they shouldn't try and replace Trevor with fucking Jacob.
Sims Unleashed brings out the nostalgia.
ilovedogs 
[password must contain at least one capital] 
iloveparisdogs
I need a new phone, and I know nothing about phones. I am so out of my depth here.

Never speaks to them.
and yes, i am one day too late
not gonna get all preachy about the grand national, because i'm not like that, but it just seems a bit, well, meh
there's something wrong when people are complaining about their horse falling, because they lose money, not because the horse might be hurt
The crap weather is a great excuse to not leave the house today, at all.
Help the homeless on their period #TheHomelessPeriod 
I am surrounded by imbeciles.
Finally, I have drinking buddies again. Ones that I made on my own, anyway. The ones I made with Jay are just as great, like.
I definitely need a new, inexpensive phone.
Flashback to the lady in Lush the other day, with a shoulder bag, carrying around a French Bulldog puppy. Never loved a creature so much.
I am definitely going to miss my little fuzzy felted Esmae. Rest in peace, little fatty :(
I think this is the nicest weather we've had on a bank holiday, possibly ever.
Bank holiday picnics are the best
After these last few days, I don't think I want a pet ever again.
tonight has been ace, and hetero bae comes tomorrow. awesomeeeee
Fair enough, Holly got it for our Origin for like £22, but still. That shit is rinsing Sims fans of their last pennies.
In fact, I paid £30 for my Sims 4 download, because I got the product key from someone. So, the new expansions costs what I paid for Sims 4.
How can EA justify £30 for the new Sims 4 expansion? That's almost the same price as the entire game, when it was first released.
Suddenly, she is teleported to Ibiza. She has no spending money. No friends. She hates it.…
me: did it hurt
girl: did what hurt
me: when you fell from...uhhh
girl:
me: ummm
girl:
me: when you died
MY FIRST NIECE HAS BEEN BORN GFSGJFFGFFSHNFG
A lot of them would eat/crush me, to be fair.
I keep accidentally getting sad when I imagine dinosaurs roaming around back in the day, and not being able to roam with them.
WE'RE GONNA PAY A CALL ON THE ADDAMS FAMILY
so bored though
the sad american dad episode with the dog no please
Nahhhh dropped sandwich crumbs in my drink
I love Bill Hader so much
"Mmm, this is great salsa. How did u get it to be so hot?"
Funny that you ask
*empties out bowl to rev…
I have such a pathetic cough at the moment, man.
My sister in-law is being induced tomorrow, and I am going to a gig tomorrow night. Proper buzzing.
actually burnt my tongue so much, i wanna cry
I hate being so eager to eat my dinner, that I burn my tongue :(
THANK YOU
KILL THE TURKEY
Eminem's 'Stan' is still one of the greatest songs ever.
I'M GOING BACK TO NEW ORLEANS
TO WEAR MY BALL AND CHAIN
Like, that's the sweetest thing ever. It's filled with really great songs, as well. I'd listen to that playlist.
My brother in-law has made a spotify playlist for my niece, to play after she's born, and I haven't been that close to tears in ages, man
just found out that 'rekt' means 'wrecked'
amazing (ง︡'-'︠)ง
(ง︡'-'︠)ง(ง︡'-'︠)ง
(ง︡'-'︠)ง(ง︡'-'︠)ง
(ง︡'-'︠)ง(ง︡'-'︠)ง
(ง︡'-'︠)ง

1. People who've created themselves and their crush on the sims 
2. Liars
okay what comes after O and P
let's just do O and P again but give em dicks
No sympathy, lass.
Feeling like this today makes me remember why I rarely go out on a night. Proper rough stuff :(
Ayyyy it's gonna be a good couple of weeks
i feel unwell
Rubbish at making friends when sober, but when drunk. I excel
Tonight has just been the best, man. Proper amazing.
Willie Nelson launching his own brand of recreational marijuana is the best thing I've read all day. Gwaaaan, Willie.
Just gonna sulk and eat cornflake cakes.
Or even just for 10 minutes. Just some peace and quiet.
Sometimes I just want complete silence for half an hour.
"it's a meme, you dip"
Pilot had depression. Yet another reason for people to stigmatize mental illness, then.
my first world problem is that i can't find my earphones
I can never been in a good mood for too long.
I WANNA HOLD YOU HAAAAAAAAAAAND
I wanna hold your haaaaaand, I wanna hold you hand
let me take you down, cos I'm going to strawberry fields
nothing is real
So ready for tonight, and the following two weeks.

Confirmed!! Season 9 is officially up on @NetflixUK
I DON'T GET IT.
Why do people use the the phrase 'get mortal' as a way of saying that they're going to get drunk? I don't get it. We already are mortal...
we can hitch a ride to rockaway beach
Sal Vulcano definitely does not look like a 39 year old. Damn, man.
I live for the Sims 4 updates, son.
It is definitely Beach Boys weather
WOULDN'T IT BE NICE TO LIVE TOGETHER, IN THE KIND OF WORLD, WHERE WE BELONG
don't bogart that joint, my friend. pass it over to me

Hold up, I forgot my phone charger.
I'd rather risk my washing getting blown to the other side of Yorkshire, than go to the fucking launderette.
Good job I noticed that the toaster was almost ready to burst into flames. I am, what we in the business call a 'hero'.
when i have free time, i waste it by sitting around in my pyjamas, playing sims
i am a chump
the launderette is for chumps
LADY IN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED IS DAAAAAAAAAAAANCING WITH ME...cheek to cheek
In 5/6 days, I'mma finally be an auntie for the first time, weeeeeeee
This is the first song for your mixtape, and it's short, just like your temper

4-year-old: Why can't I watch this with you?

Me: It's about meth.

4:

Me:

4: What's wron…
There's war, death, and utter chaos going on around us, and everyone's crying over Jeremy Clarkson.
Something tells me Jeremy Clarkson got sacked by the beeb? Just a hunch, like.
I proper fancy Sal Vulcano though
"Introducing the teacher, who doesn't give an F" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
was gonna say that no body but my mum and mum in-law has ever loved me enough to buy me easter eggs, but surprisingly, loads of people have.
no one but my mum has ever loved me enough to buy me ferrero rocher
Fuck the non believers, who say that you can't watch an hour episode, in 30/40 minutes.
For the most part, Catfish is just the ratchet realm.
Both a relief, and a sadness.
I don't even know what I'd do. Would I be mad? Would I be excited? I don't have any online friends, so I'll never get the call &lt;/3
Imagine if had an online friend, then one day your phone rings, and all you hear is "hi, this is @NevSchulman from Catfish"
@Official_Craig 
I can't believe Lil' Chris died! Rest in peace :(
"Next time on Moments of Wonder, I'll be asking: why do we cry, when it's the onions that are getting hurt?"
reminiscing about the time i had to do a presentation in french, and opened it by irrelevantly performing the perry the platypus song
some of the shit i find in this house, because people are too lazy to throw shit away, i swear to god.
so they didn't have to throw the packet away, someone went out of their way to cut a singular slice of bread in half, and use the other half
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE OTHER HALF OF THE FUCKING SLICE
some fucker literally left half a slice of bread in the packet. half a slice.
Not only are my parents bringing easter eggs when they come and visit, but they're bringing Sasha, as well. I HAVE MISSED MY PIG :
I always knew Neil Fox was a weirdo. ALWAYS.
My mum and dad better bring easter eggs when they visit me, or I am disowning them.
Sent my mum " when you visit, you must pay the toll before entering the house, which is the form of easter eggs" Worth a try, eh

Meh, if it's so important, they'll leave a message.

*voicemail notification*

Meh, if it's so important, the…
Downloading The Final Riot for when Holly's here, so we can feel all nostalgic and emotional.
fuck these download speeds, man
I feel so grumpy this evening

Suddenly, the Earth axis tilts, and its orbit speed increases. It is 24°C.…
It's a picnic in Caldecott Park kind of day, and that really bums me out
@voose_lagina That's the risk you have to be willing to take, in order to bring justice into this world of chaos.
@voose_lagina Every time you buy some food, drop the contents down the toilet after you've done a wee, and put it back in the fridge!
Such a beautiful day, and Jason is poorly. Sods law.
@Craig_Jarrett yeah, that's true. i always do my best chav dodging and twat spotting, when i wanna get the bus out of dewsbury!
Me: Go relax, give me the recipe and I'll make dinner
[Five minutes later]
Me: Honey, I think we're out …
My memoirs are going to be called 'URGH, SPORTS'
generic tweet about wanting a bacon sandwich
PARK LIFE
confidence is a preference for the habitual voyeur of what is known as
WHAT ARE YOU SUNDAY, BABY
WOULD YOU LIKE TO COME AND MEET ME, MAYBE
YOU CAN EVEN BRING YOUR BABY
OOH OOH OOH OOH OOH OOH OOH OOOOOOH
LET'S ALL MEET UP IN THE YEAR 2000, WON'T IT BE STRANGE WHEN WE'RE ALL FULLY GROWN
Disco 2000 is always going to be one of my favourite songs in the world.
YOU'RE NAME IS DEBORAH
deborah
when there's no one left to fight, boys like him don't shine so bright
i should think about leaving my bed soon
every so often, it absolutely pains me to remember that dewsbury has no mcdonalds
actually made plans for next weekend and the weekend after. lawd, it must be a miracle
Jon Hamm is suddenly everywhere.
WHAT HAVE I BECOME
This mini bottle of wine was only like one and a half glasses worth :(
I'M SO BORED, MAN.
AYYYY TINA FEY
Just sneezed all over Jason's xbox one controller. Sorry, kid.
Echo Falls Summer Berries rosé is wonderful
Jon Hamm is really great at playing a creepy guy.
rock and roll
THIS BRITISH LAD ON KIMMY SCHMIDT IS A RIGHT BASTARD
Ki Hong Lee is so cute, man
It is only quarter past 9, and I am bored of being alone :(
Troll the respawn, Jeremy
Titus Andromedon is my favourite
Huddersfield is one of the prime examples of the phrase "it's grim up north"
In two weeks, Holly comes to stay, and my parents come to visit eeeeeh
I want everyone to go out/away, so I can just chill out and watch my shows :(
What a loooooong day
We did an eclipse walk, and I saw loads of people looking up, into the sky.
Got told off for staring directly at the eclipse :(
Kwok is definitely the best contestant Pointless has ever had
why are all the good bands/musicians announcing shows, after we've already bought some other tickets? :(
PAOLO NUTINI IS DOING A SHOW IN LEEDS, TICKETS GO ON SALE TOMORROW, I AM BROKE
Kwok is my favourite contestant on Pointless
"Oh, Leanne must be doing work at the moment. I won't bother to ask her to do anything"
When I want to look busy, I pull a really serious face, and stare at my laptop. In reality, I am downloading lots of Sims 4 custom content.
You've got a warm heart, you've got a beautiful brain, but it's disintegrating from all the medicine
Fame, liquor, love, give it to me slowly
My cat gets treated better than most humans, with porridge for breakfast, filtered water on demand, and free reign of the house.
Most of these "activists" that go along with Russell Brand, only do so because he is a famous person, not because they believe in the cause.
Why does the cat only choose to be sick when I am on my own? I don't want to have to clean up your vomit, guuurl :(
Still, a cat's the only cat, who knows how to swing
The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is slowly becoming one of my new favourites.
The last song on Say Anything's Hebrews album is just the weirdest
I'm wrong and I'm sorry, BABEHHHH
I finally have an absolute favourite song
Cold Desert by Kings of Leon is my all-time favourite song. There. I SAID IT.
I'll go back to posting shitty jokes and mediocre lyrics.
I probably sound like a pretentious wanker, but my point is that we should just be more aware of the world, and less aware of our phones.
I try to leave my phone in my pocket, whenever I go out. Nothing is more important than enjoying the world around you.
I always see people staring into their phones, rather than smiling at a passer by. I am guilty of it, but it is quite sad.
I am dependent on the internet and will sound hypocritical, but I wish we could go back to a time where it didn't play such a big part.
The people who rush to defend someone online, are the same people who would take the piss in real life. It is all for likes and retweets.
@aisling_cobley It's true, I am just looking for someone to blame for my own mistake :( Kanye see what I'm getting at here?
@aisling_cobley Just when I thought I could finally mention Kanye without the painful memories, you have to go and prove me wrong. It hurts.
@aisling_cobley AISLING, HOW COULD YOU EVEN BRING THAT UP AGAIN (that was actually a good response, I shouldn't feel as proud as I do)
food or sleep, food or sleep...
Like, I wouldn't mind seeing Kanye West headline Glastonbury
This Kanye West/Glastonbury uproar thing is just ridiculous. He may be a bit of a twat, but Kanye West, in my opinion, isn't bad.
@NevSchulman That shit's tragic.
It's alright for women to post pictures of greased up, topless men, but as soon as a man posts a greased up, topless woman, different story.
I want chinese food :(
hangry
Peter is listening to pan flute music. Please, someone take me away from here.
@voose_lagina I should be like erm, but you deserve that shit, travelling all that way. Embrace harry's bits (not literally, that's assault)
@jaaaadeeeen it's alright, i guessed that. just wanted to try and be funny, but crashed and burned
@jaaaadeeeen wxyz?
My pencil case isn't within arms reach to get a new pen, so work will just have to wait until I summon the effort to get my pencil case.
I can't do any work, cos like, my pen is running out, which means I'll have to press down really hard on the paper, and that will ruin it.
Ain't even mad, future Leanne is a dickhead anyway
Singing songs to the cat, instead of doing my work. I'm sure future Leanne will thank me, when she has to do even more than before
@voose_lagina that's dedication, son. For that effort, they better dedicate a goddamn song to you when they're on stage, doing their thaaang
St. Patrick's Day madness is too overwhelming, I might just find somewhere to hide, until it's all over
Peter is upset because his giant inflatable St Patrick's Day cup thing has a puncture, after he spent about 20 minutes trying to blow it up.
@voose_lagina If I suggest 1D, I think they'd lynch me tbh. Maybe I'll stick earphones in, and try not to get caught listening to them...
@voose_lagina I just got laughed at and told off for suggesting Westlife...YOU DID THIS TO ME :(
I may not be very good at getting my point across verbally, but I am the master at moderately disgruntled emails.
Having an Irish father in-law means that I can actually celebrate St. Patrick's Day. BOOMTOWN RATS AND THIN LIZZY ALL DAY, AW YISSSS
You feel more emotionally secure now if you're living life to ... More for Pisces 
Jason shaved his beard for the first time in 7/8 months, and he looks like a completely different person. I have to keep double looking.
Easily the nicest weekend I've had in ages.
Her name I asked her and dark brown voice in a said she
Yoda,
Yo yo yo yo y…
JUST CALL ME BACK, PLS
Frustrating that I am waiting for an important call, then get a missed call from a private number, and can't call them back to see who it is
Might be going to see Trailer Park Boys on tour in Manchester, with my brother, his friend, and Jay #DECENT
Leave it to me to break one of the dryers at the laundrette, when the place is at its busiest :(
where da food at tho
HAHAHA HEHEHE I'M A LAUGHING GNOME, AND YOU CAN'T CATCH ME
I met a cat with three legs, and he is the most majestic creature in the world.
So sad for entering competitions, when I should be asleep 
BEAT ON THE BRAT, BEAT ON THE BRAT, BEAT ON THE BRAT WITH A BASEBALL BAT. OH YEAH, OH YEAH, OH HO
#GoodAdviceIn4Words Don't eat yellow snow.
Accidentally started liking Bobs Burgers
My external hard drive is here! I no longer have to worry about downloading too much, and clogging up my laptop! (Exciting life)
new mumford &amp; sons is weakkkk
'Cats Make You Laugh Out Loud'...Channel 5 are pulling out all the stops, in regards to creativity.
@charlamore ESSAYS DON'T GROW ON TREES...just the paper on which it's printed onto, grows on trees...unless you're emailing it...shut up.
As well, when people breed two different types of dog, and give them ridiculous names, to make them sound all posh. RIDICULOUS.
I always find it ridiculous that people sell puppies for over £100, and sometimes over £1000. Just find a nice home for them, dickhead.
I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO GET PUDDING IN MY EYE
JUST WIPED MY EYE WITH THE SAME FINGER I USED TO APPLY MY MINT LIP BALM. shitcockfuckerbastardbitchcunthoejizzbumprick
I forgot we had a parcel due today, and it came while I was out, so has been handed over to the neighbours...more human interaction :(
I WANT A CORGI
My face is just suddenly breaking out, and getting stressed about it is making it worse :(
As a teenager, I never got why people were so upset about getting spots. Now, just after turning 20, I understand.
I haven't had drop scones in lord knows how long, and I am really fancying them now.
I always forget about my cup of tea, until it's too late.
I really want chinese food :(
I WANT ALL THESE DOGS
Getting proper emotional at all these beautiful dog on Crufts.
Yo gimme a beat... yeah, yeah, yeah actually a different beat please... yeah-no, not that one eith…
Mother fucker, I pay £10 a month for this service. I expect it to work.
Since Spotify updated on Windows, it's been absolutely shite.
good times, good times
that catering course can do one, nothing good came from it, apart from the cool scar on my finger, from when i nearly chopped the tip off
i actually made brownies the other day, and didn't fuck it up. in fact, away from shitty catering college, my baking isn't even bad.
you know what? all these snobby chefs and baker types can jump out a window, cos rice krispie cakes are the mother fuckin' best shit ever.
I am honestly the worst friend in the world. Like, the amount of effort I put in, it is abysmal. How I've made friends here, I don't get.
I stg if I have a child that goes through the terrible twos, I'll go through the terrible twenties...or the therrible thirties, whatever.
Katie Hopkins looks like the Grand High Witch.
Whatever, Kelly Clarkson is still 'da bomb
This eyeliner flick bitch on First Dates. Argh.
Yep, definitely turning off #beingbipolar
I'm glad that channel 4 are trying to break the stigma of bipolar disorder, and mental health, but i am still skeptical about #BeingBipolar
Really skeptical about this Being Bipolar documentary on channel 4.
Paul O'Grady's For the Love of Dogs is making me want a dog. I definitely shouldn't have put it on :(
Jason isn't here, Wendy and Peter are sleep, and I don't know how to use our oven :( I've only been here 7 months, like.
I still feel like an immature teenager at times. If I brought a child into the world right now, I'd probably be more sulky than him/her.
Pretty thrilled that I made it to 20 without falling pregnant. Everyone I know seems to be bursting with babies these days!
No matter where my music taste goes, Wow, I Can Get Sexual Too will always be one of the best songs of all time.
BABOOOOOOOOSHKA
There is nothing I enjoy more than listening to Jason play about on his guitar.
I don't even know what I'll do when I am old, because Werthers Originals are a bit shite.
I miss having a dog in the house :(
I live in a house, where the biggest debate is about Ra's al Ghul.
I've got a story that will waggle your eyes, I got a burger and a thingy of fries.
WE'VE TAKEN TO YOU SO STRONG. IT'S CLEAR WE'RE GOING TO GET ALONG.
I'M A JOKER, I'M A SMOKER, I'M A MIDNIGHT TOKER
TRICK OR TREAT
"No kids. No TRICKS. Just TREAT your girl right"
Can we have our candy?
"My ex liked …
I hate feeling poorly :(
It still upsets me that Dewsbury has no McDonalds. Rugby has two :(
Craving McDonalds in a town that doesn't have a McDonalds :(
It was pretty awesome, to be fair. Then Holly's phone died, and I decided to stop playing.
Just played like 2.5 hours of Black Ops 2 zombies with Holly, and some randomers. I will never get that time back.
BILLY OCEAN IS PLAYING IN LEEDS IN MAY AND I GOT FAR TOO EXCITED
I am such an old woman, but I am so excited to have a baking day and tea party, tomorrow.
@lucyofsuburbia I really want to, Burbz! We are going to see another band a week after, just spent the last of my money on that. Gutted :(
I would adore to see Fleetwood Mac in Leeds, but the prices are so expensive. I might cry.
The Stranglers are playing Leeds on the 17th of March, for only £25. WHY DO I HAVE TO BE BROKE?
Richie Ramone is playing at a local club in Rugby. I know he isn't an original, and was only really a Marky temp, but that's pretty cool.
You may feel more alive today, revitalized by the tidal Cancer... More for Pisces 
MTV is the epitome of trash television.
If she saw my indirect tweets about her, she'd probably think I was an absolute loser.
Holly might come up for Easter, and if that happens, nothing in the world could make me happier. HETERO BAE
FUCKING SHITTY READING AND LEEDS LINEUP CAN JUST GO AND BURROW ITSELF AWAY FROM ME
I loved Mumford and Sons when I was 16, because I was a basic bitch.
FUCKING MUMFORD AND SONS OVERRATED FUCKS
So gutted that the Reading/Leeds lineup is so shit. The one year I have contemplated going, and actually live right next to Leeds :(
I can't even watch Filthy Frank without wanting to cry. That shit ain't right. I don't like being an obsessive fangirl.
I need to get over this George Miller thing, man.
Needless to say, his mum bought tickets for the three of us. Jason is a jammy bastard.
Jay made us watch this Devin Townsend rock opera thing on Youtube, then casually brought up about the gig in March. He knew.
Just me who thinks that Jennifer Lawrence is a twat? Beginning to feel that way.

Rest in peace, Leonard Nimoy :(
is trading ideas at 

HOME, SWEET HOME
i have a tired headache, and i have to leave the house in 40 minutes ;_;
I have to be up at 4am ;_;
My birthday weekend was really naff, yesterday was fabulous, apart from my sister being stroppy, today was nice, but ready for home now.
Thank goodness to be going back to Yorkshire tomorrow.
There no short of pettiness in this household.
Curley's fucking vaselined up, gloved hand though.
I love reading the random Human of New York posts on my Facebook news feed.
my heart was wrapped up in clover, the night i looked at you
you could still be what you want to, what you said you were when i met you
it's just medicine
my thumbs are too big for my hula hoops to sit comfortably :(
THE ANGEL IN YOUR ARMS THIS MORNING, IS GONNA BE THE DEVIL IN SOMEONE ELSE'S ARMS TONIGHT
I am so lazy, I haven't even made anything to eat today. I want birthday bacon :(
b to the o to the r to the e to the d
fuck the police, coming straight from the underground
I SHOULDN'T BE FEELING THIS BORED ON MY BIRTHDAY
If I listen to the Medicine beat once more, I might melt into a puddle of calm.
Pink Guy album has quite a few really amazing songs in there, among the filler. The cover of Fuck the Police, for example, is ace.
I can't stop replaying @________invtb's Medicine Beat and Joe Pass. They're so damn precious.
I can no longer blame stuff on being a bratty teenager
I AM OFFICIALLY TWO DECADES OLD
In 4 minutes, it will officially be 20 years since I beat my twin sister in the Great Womb Race.
FOR THE NEXT 11 HOURS AND 19 MINUTES, I CAN BE A BRAT, AND STILL BLAME IT ON BEING A TEEN
IT IS OFFICIALLY MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!! And Holly drew this absolutely brilliant picture. THIS IS WHY I LOVE HER 
STEVEN ANITA!
it's my birthday in 50 minutes
Paul Rudd in Clueless. That is all.
Is that actually @DaftLimmy's Tina Turner on the voice? Brilliant!
Rita Ora is so beautiful, but that hair on The Voice. Why, Rita?
I SIT BY MY WINDOWPANE, HOPING FOR A LETTER, ONE THAT NEVER CAME

Etta James's At Last! album will always be my favourite.
I love my mum and dad, but I'd hate to have them as my neighbours. Proper curtain twitchers, the pair of them!
Medicine by Daughter is such a beautiful, harrowing song.
I AM SO EXCITED FOR CHAPPIE TO COME OUT
#stoptheknot
@ellieisaunicorn Been there! I tend to just push it all to the side nowadays, and hope for the best...which doesn't tend to work out :(
@ellieisaunicorn I think I just forgot about your supercalifragilisticexpialidocious full fringe, and it threw me off! I CANNOT WAIT!
From 14-16, I was scene kid chic...thank goodness I kicked that phase, and the music.
it only seems like yesterday that i was a groovy 16 year old, listening to falling in reverse, sporting a black eye-patch-esque side fringe.
GORDON IS A MORON
Having a quarter life crisis. I DON'T WANT TO TURN 20 TOMORROW :(
when cats pupils go all small and slit-like, it really creeps me out
@ellieisaunicorn was scrolling down, and didn't even realise that this was you! IT HAS BEEN SO LONG, I HAVE FORGOTTEN YOUR FACE
The best thing about coming home is the absolutely wonderful download speeds.
STACEY, CAN I COME OVER AFTER SCHOOOOOOL (after school)
HOW DO I KEEP LOSING MY MEMORY STICK
I WANT TO TURN 18 AGAIN. 18 IS A GOOD AGE TO BE.
I am also so not ready to turn 20 on Sunday. I will no longer be able to blame everything on being a teenager :(
I am so not ready to go to Rugby tonight. I just want to curl up into a ball and sleep the weekend away.
We watched far too much Filthy Frank last night, man.
There are so many dickheads at the launderette. You sat in front of an empty drier, so don't huff and puff when I ask you (politely) to move
I'll never get to share another cup of tea with ya'
crush a bit, little bit, roll it up, take a hit
turn me on with your electric feel
I am part of a nation that cares about the death of a fictional character, and I am ashamed.
I am a hypocritical, sad mother fucker for watching yesterday and today's Eastenders, and intending to watch the rest of the week.
Started watching yesterday's Eastenders, to take the piss, and actually got hooked in. THIS WASN'T THE PATH I WAS MEANT TO CHOOSE
Can't get over the fact that Felicity Jones was the bullying little shit from The Worst Witch.
Late Registration Kanye was the best Kanye
Technically, the writers killed Lucy Beale, because they wrote her out of the show.
There is status upon status on Facebook, about Eastenders. Our nation is literally going mental over a fictional death.
To be fair on Afroman, I'd have punched the annoying prick, as well.
Could just about fall asleep now
Got The Stranglers, Queen, Louis Armstrong, and Little Richard, all on vinyl, for under a tenner. Cheers, Wakefield!
Patrick Star is such a prick, really
I KEEP ON WALKING TIL THE SUN COMES UP
scouting girls circa 2007 makes me want to cry
JESUS DON'T LOVE ME, NO ONE EVER CARRIED MY LOAD. I'M TOO YOUNG TO FEEL THIS OOOOOOOOOOLD
Cold Desert is actually my favourite ever song. I say that about every song in the world, ever, but it is actually the best song ever.
TOLD ME YOU LOVE ME, THAT I'D NEVER DIE ALONE. HAND OVER YOUR HEART, LETS GO HOME
Flashback to when I spontaneously went to see Kings of Leon, with Holly, and when they played Cold Desert, I actually cried.
I'M ON THE CORNER, WAITING FOR A LIGHT TO COME ON.
omfG XDXDXD!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!
There were o many scene kids in Leeds. I could literally hear the XD's
All the stuff I threw into my bath has made my eyes all pink, and it looks like I've got high apple pie in the sky hopes.
WHERE WAS MY AWKWARD SPOTTY, GREASY FACE PHASE AT THE AGE OF 15? WHY NOW?
How is it fair that I turn 20 in under a week, and have only just started getting problems with my skin? :(
PIANO RIFF WOOOOOH
SHE'S A FEMME FATALE
Finally got Velvet Underground and Nico on vinyl, and it is so lame, but I actually got a bit emotional as 'Sunday Morning' started playing.
Jason's auntie knitted me a teddy for an early birthday present, and it's the sweetest thing ever.
You might spend more time hanging out at the water cooler than... More for Pisces 
Such a lovely, chilled out day with Jay and Toni. So excited to start the week and explore Yorkshire with my twin!
IF I DIE AND GO TO HELL REAL SOON, IT WILL APPEAR TO ME AS THIS ROOM
TONI IS HERE YAYAYAYAY
I feel like death, but Toni will be here tomorrow!
Discussing this Mars 2024 thing with Jay, and it just seems so stupid, and unsettling.
Waiting rooms are even more depressing when Jeremy Vine is on the radio.
Excuse me a moment, while I curl up into a ball and cry about my future
Actually, £600 is only for the part time course, which isn't what I wanna do waaaaa
Okay, the course I want to do is £600 basic tuiton, but that doesn't cover resources, which I know will cost a fair bit.
Everyone should just keep within a 50ft radius of my today, because I am gonna snap at whoever may cross me.
To go back to college and do what I want to do, without a level 2, would be free, but because I wasted a year on catering, it will be £1000+
I absolutely regret nothing more than wasting a goddamn year of my life on Catering and Hospitality. It has held me back in so many ways.
managed to shower, dry my hair, and moisturise in 45 minutes whatwhat
This could be a momentous day if you stay in touch with your i... More for Pisces 
I just realised that the Amazon reviews I write are under Jay's name. People will know it's a girl, or will think he is very flamboyant.
I ordered 6 random packs on incense sticks from Amazon, and panicked once I read the awful reviews. THOSE PEOPLE WERE WRONG.
I AM SO EXCITED FOR TONI TO COME HERE, AND THEN I AM EXCITED TO GO HOME AND SEE MY BEAUTIFUL FRIENDS AND FAMILY OH YIS OH YIS OH YISSS

Annoys me when people try something for the first time and say "I am losing my -insert whatever- virginity". And no, it also isn't "cheeky".
Bon Iver is really highlighting the sorrow I feel, in regards to maths.
Why couldn't I be born with a natural mathematical gift?
I am almost 20, and GCSE Maths questions make me want to tear my hair out. I feel like the smallest, most stupid person in the world.
Miracles aren't likely to happen out of the blue, even if you ... More for Pisces 
I could spend so much money on Pink Pig sketchbooks uhhh
Today, I was asked if I went to "The Stevie Wonder School of Wrapping" for my qualification in present wrapping.
I always get so nervous when it comes to drawing in a new sketchbook.
You're eager to find the lighter side of each moment today, bu... More for Pisces 
I hate that whenever I watch Ponyo, I tend to fall asleep through it, or get too tired to finish it. Last night was no exception.
Been sucked into Salvage Hunters. I am turning into my gran.
PONYO LOVE SOSUKE
*search crew arrives*
HELLO IS ANYONE OUT THERE? ANYONE?
*faint voice*
"Jason Deruloo"
Oh hell no
*se…
I don't think I've ever looked up to anyone as much as I look up to Jason. OKAY, YES, I HAVE A HEART. NOW GO ABOUT YOUR DAILY BUSINESS.
"Last time I saw him, he was only a little lad!" "I know, he's all grown up. He's not even a virgin now!" A warm discussion between Kehoes.
Cue massive eye roll
I am bored out of my wick.
Nothing says "I am a generic white girl" like crying at crappy shows on Netflix.
I've just eaten an entire pack of oreos to myself, in one sitting. I've brought shame upon my family.
IN ONE WEEK AND ONE DAY, MY TWIN SISTER WILL BE HERE AAHAHIDHGFDSHGJNH
The scary monster bit in Tubular Bells Part 2 is worse than the Exorcist bit on Part 1. Good grief.

Biden: IMMA SIT BY YOU

Obama: There's plenty of other seats.

Biden: 
I really shouldn't be moaning about having company on a Friday night, but I was really looking forward to sitting quietly on my own.
Dropped my dinner down my top, so now I absolutely stink of biryani.
The one evening I actually plan on being productive, I feel like I could fall asleep.

"stop im not in the mood"

C'mon, Not even for a little while?

"Ugh, fine then"

*i set up the cards for our …
It has been such a brilliant afternoon. I love where I live.
I wish I could just sit and draw, rather than have to do responsible things :(
If we manage to get this flat, I am gonna make it into such a pretty paradise. PLEASE CAN WE GET SOME GOOD LUCK, PRETTY PLEASE.
I would much rather sit inside tonight, with my fancy new pencils, my sketcbook, a cuppa, and netflix. I don't know how I have real friends.
I want my own @ChubbsTheWampug SUCH A CUTIE
I hate it when I look at the clock, expecting it to be earlier than it actually is :(
I am still very much a believer in the idea of cuddling a teddy whenever you feel sad
I fear that someone could mistake my room for a charity shop/jumble sale
#TimetoTalk is a great campaign. After living with someone with mental health issues for the past 7 months, I can't advocate this enough.
I want a Bagpuss plush, in fact.
Proper fancy being curled up under my blanket, watching Bagpuss.
Facebook makes me face palm so much. I am not sure why I still use it.
HE'S THE ONE, HE'S THE PIP, HE'S THE CHAMPIONSHIP. HE'S THE MOST TIP TOP TOP CAT

um okay
'some call me the gangster of love'
sir
'some call me m-'
sir we just need…
Take Hozier to church but then just like drive away at the last possible second and take him to Starbucks instead.
If the weather stays this pretty when Toni is up, I shall be making her have a picnic with me on Caulms Wood.
My birthday wishlist consists of slippers, wellies, The Velvet Underground and Nico on vinyl, smellies, and cuddly toys. I am an old lady.
Why was I cursed with big feet? :(
I would also like to be able to appreciate girly things, like great make up and nice clothes, instead of lusting after red wellies.
The one thing I want for my birthday (in 18 days, write it down) is to be able to properly whistle :(
So glad I went out before it decided to cloud over.
I am going to spend my spare day doing something else, other than sitting on my soapbox.
"Oh, you're unemployed. You must sit at home all day, watching Jeremy Kyle and flicking the bean"
And TV takes delight to find a few work shy idiots, and shove them onto our screens, as if they're ambassadors for all unemployed people.
Some people just need to take a step back, and get their heads out of their arse holes.
And these same knob heads all sneer at the unemployed. Not every unemployed person is looking for handouts and an easy life, you know?
I know people, some around my own age, whom sit and sneer about people, all because they work as a cleaner, or as a carer. Makes me so mad.
Why do some people look down their noses at certain professions? Cleaning, caring, working in a fast food restaurant, for example.
I'll shut up about babies now.
Aaaaand in two months, my Kehoe niece will arrive, and another two months after that, my other niece will arrive. I am so excited, mannnn
Also, having friends with babies is really cool, cos I get to act like a twat and make stupid faces/noises, without the commitment.
Not sure how my really under powered 12 inch laptop is able to run The Sims 4 so well. Very impressed.
In 10 days, my twin sister will be right here, in Yorkshire, with me. AND I CAN'T WAIT.

Might actually be getting BT Infinity yayayayay
I am obsessed with those beanie baby bears, from the 1990's/early 2000's. I feel like a sad old woman

Not allowed to go to school.
“Wow court's cool cant believe they think Im a real stenographer the defendant lo…

CALIFORNIA DREAMING
I am so glad that things are finally getting more relaxed.
I swear to god that most of the people I know with iphones, have some dirty crack on either the screen, or the back of the phone.
THE PIGEON DETECTIVES WERE IN COV TONIGHT, FOR A FIVER. SO GUTTED, MANNNN
LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS, TO DEFEAT THE HUNS
A CAT'S THE ONLY CAT WHO KNOWS WHERE IT'S AT
I am so rubbish at anagrams.
AT THE LATE NIGHT, DOUBLE FEATURE PICTURE SHOW
SCIENCE FICTION, DOUBLE FEATURE. DOCTOR X WILL BUILD A CREATURE. SEE ANDROIDS FIGHTING BRAD AND JANET, AND FRANCIS STARS IN FORBIDDEN PLANET
I AM SO CONFLICTED
WHY OH WHY
ROCKY HORROR IS ON E4, BUT I AM TIRED
Jason has never seen Beetlejuice. Never.

ANDIE. YOU GOONIEEEEEE.
MY NAME IS NOT BRUNHILDE! IT'S PONYO!

Running your hands under the tap for a few seconds after you've peed, is not washing your hands!
FLIGHT OF THE CONCHORDS US TOUR? :'(
I forgot how great the moomins is
WEEKLY WIPE IS BACK YEAHYEAHYEAH

Don't be flakey and miss it. Butter hurry. 

(I'll see myself out)
I took the time to reply to your intrusive email, so at least have the decency to reply back to me.
SIMS 4 SEEMS TO BE WORKING ON MY REALLY LOW SPEC LAPTOP YIS AWOOGA HALLELUJAH ETC
"P.S. I know you want to know what's happening with Conchords and Bret and I have some good news coming up in a lil while..." DSFGFDSFDHJFF
My new laptop smells like a primary school corridor.
I FINALLY HAVE A LAPTOP AGAIN
Wooooh greattttt
Black Mirror is so unbelievably amazing.
Got like 20 minutes until it arrives as well :'(
Waiting for the bus from Rugby to Leeds is so poo :(

*pulls parachute cord*

Parachute cord: I have a boyfriend.
If I wasn't broke, and lazy, I might have actually contemplated going out into Rugby town. Probably not, really.
My dad is making me watch Match of the Day :(
I hate that autocorrect keeps changing 'pyjamas' to 'pajamas'
Spending my Saturday night in Rugby, in my pajamas, watching a documentary about Elvis, with my dad.
I want an aardvark.
ACTING FUNNY AND I DON'T KNOW WHY, EXCUSE ME WHILE I KISS THE SKY
PURPLE HAZE ALL IN MY BRAIN, LATELY THINGS JUST DON'T SEEM THE SAME
WHEN YOU CALL ME BABY, I KNOW I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE
JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR IS SO GOOD
Thinking myself into a bad mood.
You can probably hang a coat from the hideous pimple that has developed on the side of my face.
It is really disappointing to me that whenever I hear Shikari now, I just feel meh.
The current state of the backs of my ankles are a very bold example of why you should always wear plasters with new shoes.
When I come home to visit, I always bump into people I never saw before I left.
I don't know if he puts it on, but Judge Rinder comes across as such a pompous arse.
THIS HOUSE IS SO COLD
I saw her barely a month ago, but I am so excited to see Holly later.
Despite it being under sad circumstances, coming home for a few days is really nice.
I HAVE BECOME COMFORTABLY NUMB
So happy to actually be on my way to Sheffield! Can't wait to go back to Rugby.
It has barely just begun, and I know that this is the worst week of 2015, so far.
Why must everything go wrong for me this week? :(
Very hungry, but also very lazy.

*slow winks*...Cool Ranch!

7-11 Clerk: Just pay for you…
        his body
wide hips
     small neck
not in proportion
      to the rest of him
he shaped like egg
Highlight of my night was when some twat kept purposely shoving me and a few others, so Jay just grabbed him by the scruff and chucked him.
KORN AND SLIPKNOT WERE FUCKING AMAZING
I forgot how unfunny every E4 show is.
SLIPKNOT AND KORN TODAYYYYYYYY
ONLY ONE MONTH AND SIX DAYS UNTIL I TURN 20 AS WELL. PROJECT: ACT LIKE AN ADULT, IS ALMOST GOING ACCORDING TO PLAN.
Finally decided to be a responsible adult and after six months of living here, I actually register with a GP and change my banking address.
Watching Outnumbered from before Karen was an annoying scene kid.
Don't mean to blow my own horn, but I am pretty good at finding presents for people.
I miss having Cartoon Network.

I thought that was gonna be like an entire Jimi Hendrix concert, but they played two goddamn songs, and then it ended. Okay?
ACTING FUNNY, AND I DON'T KNOW WHY. EXCUSE ME, WHILE I KISS THE SKY.
So cool that everyone in the house is buzzing because of Slipknot and Korn tomorrow night
MY BELOVED JIMI ON SKY ARTS YISSSSSSS
@mrbran4 However, everyone seems to be reading the headline, and then telling everyone that there is ebola in Northampton. Imbeciles!
@mrbran4 EXACTLY! If people were to actually read the article, they'd see that it isn't a confirmed case!
I also ignore the news because I am too thick to grasp even some of the basic current affairs.
One reason I tend to ignore the news nowadays is because they'll post almost anything to reel people in, even if it means misleading people.
I hate it when the news lure people in by having a scary headline that makes it seem like one thing, but then a story that says another.

Queen of procrastination.
After 6 months of living here, I am finally going to change my bank details over to my address, and actually register with a GP.
I don't want Sims 4 Outdoor Retreat...but I do want Sims 4 Outdoor Retreat...but I don't want Sims 4 Outdoor Retreat :(
You are inclined to take radical measures once again. The inte... More for Pisces 
I don't take anything nearly as seriously as I take my thought process as to whether or not I should waste my money on the Sims 4 game pack.

McCain: IMMA WALK LIKE A ZOMBIE

Obama: Um, just walk normal.

McCain: 

You've obviously never seen Ferris Bueller, you psycho!
"Just the news!"
"Uh huh" 
Are there really no attractive, striking laptop bags/carry cases? #firstworldproblems
Hi, I'm Dan.
"HI, DAN."
I worry that people just call me Dan The Man cuz it rhymes.
*all the D…


wait... wh…
@RaeEarl If I were to try and pronounce it how it sounds, would it be like someone trying to pronounce 'choux' as 'choox'?
I'll get off my soapbox. Cats are just really good creatures - even the ignorant, mean ones!
Again, I know some cats choose to sleep outdoors, they prefer the outdoors, but again, probably not all cats want to be outside at night.
The idea that a cat has to sleep under a car to get warmth and shelter, rather than sleep in a comfortable bed, or on a sofa, makes me sad.
I hate seeing cats outside at all hours of the day. I know that most times, it's out of choice, but a few cases probably aren't.
If you get a pet, don't leave it outside at all hours of the day. Surely you get a pet to give it love and affection, and your time?


I've created a "Choose You Own Adventure" on Twitter.

Start here <BLACK RIGHTWARDS ARROW> @wnd_go

Pleasant dreams.

Vote #ukip for  a british…
Sorting out travel stuff really stresses me out.

SO THEY WERE DEAD THE WHOLE TIME AND THE ISLAND WAS JUST PURG…
4 DAYS TO SLIPKNOT AND KORN, SONNNN.
I absolutely hate making phone calls. Always get so nervous.
I am wasting my free time by watching The Charie Brown and Snoopy show, with the cat watching with me. Is this how the cat ladies begin?
I actually have some alright birthday plans. Week up here with twin and Kehoes, a week in Rugby, then a tea party when I return! So uncool.
EVERYONE HAS ONE MONTH AND TEN DAYS TO PREPARE WHATEVER THEY HAVE PLANNED FOR MY 20TH BIRTHDAY, ALRIGHT?
I hate being hungry at annoying hours :(
I am wasting my time by fucking around with Cortana on my phone. Windows phones are not the best.
Sometimes I hesitate to tweet about a band/musician I really love, because I don't want to come across as a pretentious wanker.

My cat walked into the living room, meowed at me, then proceeded to throw up a whole piece of chicken. 
Excuse me, I am going to be sick.
I hate that I like watching Take Me Out, because I really cannot stand most of the contestants.
Our internet is genuinely cranking out 6.13Mbps. These first world wifi issues won't just go away by themselves, you know?
"Drakespeare" 
Back in Rugby, I'd get up to a good 40/50Mb of download speed. Here, I am lucky to get 8Mb. 8.
I MISS MODERATELY GOOD INTERNET SPEEDS
I MISS VERY GOOD INTERNET SPEEDS
Valentines Day is coming up, and even in a relationship, I still don't really celebrate it.
"Son, why would-"
But it was too late, he had vanished. Billy was already too cool …
I forgot how great Drumstick lollies are
Everyone is getting ready to go out, and I am in my pyjamas, listening to the horrid wind, eating loads of sweeties. ROCK &amp; ROLL.
@tim_timhartwell Tim mate, you're spamming everyone!

"Oh, insomnia?"

No, in bed you idiot. Where the hell is Somnia?

"Spirit did you have a husband"

*moves piece to yes*

"Who was he?"

"You don't know him he goes to a diff…
sleepyyyyy
I use Avast Free Antivirus to protect my PC and it serves me well. Give it a try at 
Had my laptop for a week, and I already have to master reset it because of a browser virus :(
Use a pen, Sideshow Bob.
It is both irritating and relieving that Jay is always making sure I don't break anything. I do need constant supervision, to be fair.
I worry that this laptop might break under my constant care, but to be fair, Jay is like the parental control over me.
I have invested my entire heart and soul into #Transparent. I have never been so invested in a serious television show before.
I don't want to watch more Transparent, because I am sad that it is getting close to the end of the first season.
Man buns/top knots make me so irrationally angry. Honestly, I can't explain my hatred towards them.
I find myself trying my hardest to continue to hate Ed Miliband, but I really can't help but find him somewhat likable.
and when it's dark out, no one's around, it keeps going
The Voices looks like a pretty good film, actually.
I forgot that omegle is just full to the brim with perverts and fun sponges.
The biggest struggle of my day so far was being able to spell Michelle Pfeiffer.
DISCO 2000 IS MY FAVOURITE SONG RIGHT NOW
your name is deborah (deborah) it never suited ya'
Johnny B. Goode will never not be one of the greatest songs ever created.
HEY, TEACHER. LEAVE THOSE KIDS ALONE.
You might believe your good intentions are solid enough to mak... More for Pisces 
I NEED DORITOS RIGHT NOW, CHASED WITH GODDAMN IRN BRU. THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
I bet something like Philadelphia cream cheese might go well with Doritos.
In fact, most dips ruin Doritos.
I must be the only person on the planet, whom thinks that Doritos are completely ruined by Salsa dips.
I need Doritos, and Irn Bru.
Me: lol pizza grease.
Seriously though, every other scene in Transparent is full of sex and nudity. So awkward to watch next to Jay.
I CAN'T EVEN BEGIN TO DESCRIBE HOW GOOD TRANSPARENT IS. BEST SERIOUS SHOW I'VE WATCHED IN A LONG TIME. I NEVER WATCH SERIOUS TELEVISION.
Mixed feeling about the Ant-Man trailer.
My download, which is less that 1GB in size, is taking over half an hour.
I miss fibre optic broadband :(
Only watched two episodes of Transparent, and so far, it is so brilliant. Honestly, I recommend it 100%.

"Karen, I can explain."

Steve, I'm leaving. You've…
Obviously returning from my deathbed, because I did that awkward post-Christmas tidy, where you have to find room for all your new stuff.
Once consumed, the realisation as to why I don't eat pot noodles has kicked in.
Pot Noodles are the the most disgustingly, shamefully nice things.
In fact, everything sounds better on vinyl. I love that soft crackle in the background. I WILL GET OFF MY PRETENTIOUSLY HIGH HORSE NOW.
I sound like the most pretentious wanker, but Simon &amp; Garfunkel's Greatest Hits sounds so good on vinyl.
Jason is doing funny dances to cheer me up, and they're the best.
I cannot at all excuse the fact that I just cried over jam on toast.

KANYE ON BROADWAY

Featuring:

“Papa, Kanye Hear Me?”
“Kanye Feel the Love Tonight”
“I Am a Few of…
LET'S ALL MEET UP IN THE YEAR 2000. WON'T IT BE STRANGE WHEN WE'RE ALL FULLY GROWN

I am a very strong advocate for the Oxford comma.
forever losing my phone
on my deathbed, call a priest
@yops_xo ew :( get well soon, praying for you!
@yops_xo Ahahaha aw! I bet it sounds all husky and sexy, really. Have you been using Olbas Oil? It really helps if you put some in a bath!
@yops_xo I wallowed in self pity over new years, and I don't intend to stop now :( we are troopers though, you'd hardly know we were ill!
I WILL NOT MENTION IT NOW SORRY SORRY
My chest is tight, my throat and head throb, and my tongue feels like I've licked a hot spoon...not that I've mentioned it.
I don't remember mentioning to you all that I am really quite poorly, with this chest infection that has now engulfed my head, but kill me.
In fact, I've been having some proper nuts dreams. Being really poorly (don't know if I mentioned it) has probably contributed to that.
I think Jay has been talking about Paolo Nutini too much, because I dreamed that he bit me, and I had to go to hospital.
Cons to living with the Kehoes is their absolutely atrocious wifi.
I am not at all dramatic, no.
I thought I was getting better, but now my chest is all rattly again, and my head/ears/mouth/throat are screaming at me in pain. KILL MEEEEE
DAVE LISTER SAVES THE DAY. BEING BRAVE IN A HOSTILE UNIVERSE.
The bar for British "comedy" is so low now.
Fuck this broken Sims 4 custom content, man.
Also, no one wants to see your unappealing looking dinner.
It must be a really good night you're having, if all you are doing is bloody posting endless status updates about it.
"Let's see if she gets any better" "she isn't shutting up about it though...and she is demanding lots of tea." "...shoot her."
If I was a farm animal, and I contracted a similar illness, and I whined as much as I do as a human, my handlers would shoot me.
Wallowing in self pity is the only thing that is getting me through this gruesome chest infection.

"I've eaten so much over Christmas so I'd better not have that pie"
I'll stop spamming now, but if anyone gets the chance, I suggest checking these out. 
Don't try and substitute pickled onion Monster Munch for pickled onion Walkers crisps. That isn't how it works...that's never how it works.
@DaftLimmy's vanity searches, as well as having a chest infection, nearly had me coughing up a lung (In no way is that an exaggeration)
I got the pointiest chin in the biz
Having that rant, and then seeing how sceney my twitter avi is, doesn't help to make me look any less like an angsty 15 year old.
I'll put my soapbox back in the cupboard now. Sorry, everyone.
Though, I do actually post pictures of my pets onto Facebook...
I will use Facebook to show everyone pictures of my cat when she is asleep, and post about how I am having a better time than anyone else.
If it wasn't a hub for communication with certain family members and friends now that I am away, Facebook would be of no use to me.
I continue to use it, but Facebook controls so much. Families show their dislike to each other by deleting one another - it is stupid.
The sad reality is that without Facebook, I probably wouldn't know about half of what goes on with some of my family.
Chamomile tea tastes and smells like what a hamsters cage smells like.
These unfollowers &gt; The fucks I give
*silently weeps*
Holly has officially left Yorkshire :(

I miss Flight of the Conchords.
I'm not weeping 'cause you won't be here to hold my hand. For your information, there's an inflammation in my tear gland.
These aren't tears of sadness because you're leaving me. I've just been cutting onions, I'm making a lasagna...for one.
MY EYES ARE RAINING FROM THE OLBAS OIL
I put too much Olbas Oil on my pillow, and now I can feel my retinas burning away.

-The Beatles 
-Amazing style
-Cool cars
-SEGREGATION
-Wo…
There ain't nothing worse than using a double negative.
There is nothing worse than someone using a double negative.
*runs thru the roses*
*parkours thru the poppies*
*cartwheels thru the carnations*
*moonwalks t…
wife: He's in his room practicing his magic act
me [banging on his door]: SAVE SOME PUSSY FOR THE REST OF …
Do you like Huey Lewis and the News?
HOLLY AND JASON DON'T KNOW MOST OF DURAN DURAN'S GREATEST HITS
Jay and Holly probably want to kill me, and turn my music off.
I GUESS IT WOULD BE NICE IF I COULD TOUCH YOUR BODY
I KNOW NOT EVERYBODY HAS GOT A BODY LIKE YOU
and here i am, listening to lionel richie
15 DAYS TO SLIPKNOT AND KORN, SON
How long does Lionel Richie take on the toilet?
ALL NIGHT LONG.
"Boys will never understand the struggle of lip gloss and long hair on a windy day" GIRL, I DON'T FUCKING UNDERSTAND THAT STRUGGLE EITHER.

New Years Day is perfect for me, because I can sit and wallow in self pity about being poorly, and not be expected to run around and do shit
Overdid it yesterday, and now i feel like dying. FUCK THIS CHEST INFECTION.
THIS IS THE SECOND CONSECUTIVE NEW YEARS EVE THAT I'VE BEEN POORLY (first was self inflicted, but still) AND THIS IS NOT COOL.
My new laptop is fabulous though!
I genuinely feel like my head will explode if I cough any more. Damn sister and her germs.
I HATE WAITING FOR PACKAGES
Not glad to have a chesty cough. Thanks, twin.
"gawjus"? mum should've put me up or adoption when she had the chance tbh. 
So glad jay was on the phone with me at the time, so I wasn't getting annoyed in my own head.
Last night was so stressful. Never give me rubbish news in the middle of the night.
Not soberly fell asleep at 9:30, awaken with the message of " Did you die?  I have a feeling you died."
I PREFER TO BE CALLED EVIL GENIUS
I was a little twat. 
still don't  
still gets me  
Kissing scenes are really weird when you watch their noses the entire time
still true  
ahahaha 
I hate it when someone says something to annoy me, but instead of spouting a very good, very valid comeback, I have to bite my tongue.
HOW IS IT SO LATE? I already miss Christmas morning. Such a good day!
Pretty much full on sobbing at the PDSA advert.
Christmas telly is the best telly

    swich jingle

muchel belles

verye sleigh

Dies.
That previous tweet was obviously a joke.
Another Christmas here, another present pile without a onesie...FUCKING HATE MY MUM AND DAD UGHHHH THEY NEVER GET ME ANYTHING I WANT FFS
MERRY. CHRIMBUS, ME OLD PALS!
*Generic quote from The Grinch, because I am watching it on Channel 4*
WHEN I FALL IN LOVE, IT WILL BE FOREVER, OR I'LL NEVER FALL IN LOVE
"If some kid tried to make me go to school now, or join the Cubs, or make me call him Daddy, I'd punch his bloody chin in."
SO EXCITED FOR CHRISTMAS AHDHKDBDBBDBEHE
Wasn't going to watch big fat quiz of the year 2014, but Richard Ayoade is going to be on it. OH, GO ON THEN.
I'VE GOT ONE HAND IN MY POCKET, AND THE OTHER ONE'S FLICKING A CIGARETTE
I'm lost, but I'm hopeful, BABEHHHH
It is 6:30am, and my cat is begging it,
I AM SO EXCITED THAT IT'S CHRISTMAS EVE RIGHT NOW

In case you're wondering what level of sexy I'm at today.
My Auntie Heather and her fiancé, Jim, came to visit today, and it's the best Christmas present ever. They're my favourites!
aw jay 
As expected, right from the start, Ayoade on Ayoade is just a mind boggling, intriguing, hilarious piece of literature.
"SOMEONE HELP"
Dr:Whats wrong?
"MY SKETCHERS WONT LIGHT UP"
*pushes man off gurney&amp; puts sneakers on it*…
I should just never hash tag again. It doesn't get anyone anywhere.
I was trying to be hilarious and ironic by hashtagging 'scenekid' and 'emo' on instagram, now these scene kids are liking my picture :(
Artificial amateurs aren't at all amazing
@charlamore You don't mean it! I hope you have glitter on your cheek, that keeps catching the light, so it shines and distracts you!!!
Holly bought me Ayoade on Ayoade as well, so excited to start reading it.
Whenever Holly and I get drunk together, we always get really soppy and sentimental. I couldn't ask for a better best friend, really.
Just got back from Holly's, and my jeans absolutely stink of wine, from spilling two fucking glasses of the stuff all over myself.
@charlamore I am glad you like it! I knew you'd appreciate it, and the glitter. To be fair, I got more on my carpet than in the envelope...
You long to dream about the distant horizon while the Moon mov... More for Pisces 
Today stats: One follower, One unfollower via 
It's easy to tell who your real friends are because they tend ... More for Pisces 
RICHARD OSMAN
It sounds sad, but I just got a genuine overwhelming rush of emotion when my dog cuddled up to me under the duvet, and fell asleep.
I hate that pregnant people refer to their growing foetus as 'bump'.
I put the most effort into Jay's presents as well. Can't wait to give it to him!
Got all of Jay's presents today. So chuffed!
Today stats: 2 followers, 3 unfollowers and followed one person via 
On the bright side, I am reunited with Holly in 10 hours eeeeeeeeep
Jason has completely destroyed my healthy sleeping pattern. Well, living with him has.
I hate going from looking at something fairly dim lit, to suddenly being blinded by this damn screen.
Sharing a bed with my sister, my dog and my cat doesn't help though
Even when I am so tired that my head pounds, I still can't fall asleep :(
"I didn't want to say anything but his face does look pretty messed up."
No, I mean he pooped him…
I swear to god someone said that Black Mirror is satirical. THIS SHIT AIN'T FUCKING SATIRICAL.
Black Mirror is fuckeeddddd
Watching TV at 1am with my brothers and Harry is funnier than watching TV at 1am on my own.
This is the best interview I've ever witnessed. Ayoade is just superb. : 
I saw a man by the library today, whom was the spitting image of Richard Ayoade. I nearly cried from the beauty of it all.
THEN BILLY BROWN FELL IN LOVE WITH ANOTHER MAN
You know when you're so excited that you could cry though? I feel like that now, with all these Christmas decorations, and just being home.
Managed to avoid the new Band Aid single for so long...ffs.
It is so good to be home! Only had like 4 hours sleep,  but I was too excited to get up and see mummy eeeeeeeh
God damn can't sleep without a talking book now. Damn Jay.
@GayleTweets8 in Detachment is just brilliant. Detachment, as a film, is just brilliant.
As soon as I got in, my brother decided to make me waych an utterly depressing film
Indulging in your favorite daydreams is addictive, so it's ess... More for Pisces 
Today stats: 5 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 4 people via 
IT IS 'ADDICTIVE', NOT 'ADDICTING'.
"uhhhhhhh read much dumbass??? lmao"
Considering I have to get a night bus tomorrow, I should be sleeping now.
I've made more Christmas cards than I even care to think about.
Watching Jason just plough through Kingdom Hearts, and taking like 10 minutes to get to where I got to in half an hour, is making me sad.

@Hopeless_Bay What is that fringe all about? Thanks, Mother.
THIS PICTURE WILL NEVER NOT BE HILARIOUS. Matt is missing from it, but four of us hillbillies took a good photo. 
@LaceyNoel27 It's okay, I am delighted that you replied. I shall stop kissing ass and let you go about your daily business!
@LaceyNoel27 Preach! Thank you, I've only just discovered you, and you've already inspired me! p.s. hope finals are being kind to you!
how I feel about these 
I don't recommend taking a breath in while taking a sip of tea. I've just seen the light, and it was on the floor rather than up in the sky.
@LaceyNoel27 seeing the shade on someone else though, makes me feel more inclined to give it a go!
@LaceyNoel27 I've heard good stuff about @manicpanicnyc, it is just the bleaching that worries me! And that it would be such a big change!
Some kids broke into my car and stole my marij-
"Stole what?"
Mary Magdalene statue but never mind it's …
Life is wild, be like a child called happy
I'll never grow tired of Otis Redding.
Peter went to make a tea, put the gas on, but forgot to light it. He then went upstairs. YOU TRYIN' TO KILL US, PETE LAD?
@LaceyNoel27 Why are you so fabulous? I've wanted to have my hair that shade of blue for so long. And, your fashion sense is on point, gurl!
THE TRICKSTER ON KINGDOM HEARTS 1.5 IS SO....TRICKY
@charlamore If G didn't obviously despise children, I'd think he was a dodgy man. He just despised is less than everyone else, I think.
My soapbox is getting so much use. I am sure I am wearing it out.
People who say about how they've been born in the wrong time era/generation would probably whine if they were born in their chosen time era
Ed Miliband looks like a character made up by The Lonely Island.
@charlamore it isn't the boat that rocks, it's the motion in the ocean ;)
The Darwin Award deserves to go to all the silly children taking part in this fire challenge I am hearing so much about.
HE WOULDN'T HAVE ME ANY OTHER WAY
I feel more like a mum than a girlfriend. Forever telling Jay to moisturise, making him apply chapstick, and having to brush his hair.
Every time @RichardOsman gives out a fact, someone sneakily inserts £1 into the back of his head beforehand, like a strange arcade machine.
@yops_xo I'll let you know after I am back home, because I need to know what days I am seeing family and faffing about!
@yops_xo That's why I am coming back a bit earlier, because I didn't have enough time to see people, otherwise!
I love my family and friends up in the hills, but nothing beats your hometown and the people within it.
I've not really missed my cats.
I have missed Rugby, I've missed my family, I've missed my friends, I'VE MISSED MY DOGS
So buzzed to be going home tomorrow night
@charlamore ...until we're escorted of the premises, with G shouting about how he doesn't remember who we are
@charlamore Just be like WE'RE BACK, BITCHES. We could legally drink all the alcohol behind the bar, and everything. We could go mental.
@charlamore We should just one day go for it, get all dressed up, go to the college restaurant, and perform for our favourite people.
@charlamore WE NEVER RECORDED OUR ALBUM, WITH G AS THE SPECIAL GUEST
@charlamore We never took Bonham on the Brownstain on tour. It feels like a lifetime since I saw you last, you're an independent woman now!
Alexander Armstrong almost always gets away with looking like he has a full head of hair, right until he turns to look at the board.
@charlamore I can't drive. I lied. I know, but I bet you're reminded, whenever you see Statler and Waldorf, or hear 'MY LEGGGGG'!
@charlamore I could just be so excellent, that they let me do it right away! 7 months?! I forgot what you look like, Bon!
@charlamore ...I COULD DO, MAYBE I JUST DON'T HYPE ABOUT IT. It has been long enough since we saw each other for it to have happened! Pssh!
@charlamore MY PORTFOLIO OF AMAZINGLY AVERAGE PHOTOGRAPHY IS NOT YOUR PERSONAL PICTURE BOOK. I AM NOT A HOTEL. MY CAR IS NOT A TAXI...etc.
@charlamore R U GOIN THRU MAHH INSTAGERRM?
There's an irresistible sparkle in your eyes and a bounce in y... More for Pisces 
I don't even dislike Micky Flanagan. He just has the annoying uncle vibe.
Micky Flanagan is the uncle at the party, whom eats all the good food at the buffet, and sneakily takes sips of everyone's drinks.
Micky Flanagan is the annoying uncle at the party, whom pinches your mum's bum and asks you if your friends are over 18 yet.
Micky Flanagan reminds me of an annoying uncle at a family party.
Gonna be away from Jay for over a week, for the first time in almost half a year though :(
AND I GET TO GO HOME TOMORROW, WHICH IS TWO DAYS EARLIER THAN I WAS SUPPOSED TO AW YISSSS
I can't believe I actually managed to sleep right through the night. Woke up earlier, feeling so much better.
I swear Jay is testing me tonight. I HAVE NO PATIENCE FOR YOU, BOY.
I tipped my purse to get money out, and the can tipped with it. Needless to say, they didn't want a donation from me...
Remembering the time I tried to donate to a charity for guide dogs, and accidentally poured a can of Pepsi over the dogs bed.
Me and Wendy are laying together, whinging about feeling tired and poorly. So pathetic :')
Worst headache ever :(
You might not feel confident about finishing your chores now b... More for Pisces 
Ankle biters gave you a false perception
and here I am!  
Jay was delightfully snoring his head off, having slept quite well, I suppose. How I envy the boy.
I adore the feeling of not having to wake up from a refreshing sleep, due to not having slept at all...
i think jason might kill me tonight, if i don't stop singing busted
someone save me from myself
We ran in slow motion over the sand, into the ocean, holding your hand, but then it gets hazy. AND I LOSE YOU, AND THEN THAT'S WHEEEEEN
BUSTED WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY HEART
I am so glad that Spotify has a private setting. Some things are just too embarrassing to admit to.
My soapbox gets a lot of use nowadays.
JUST THOUGHT I'D TALK ABOUT HAVING A TWIN SISTER, EVEN THOUGH I DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE ONE. SO NO, I AM NOT A TWIN. WHY DO YOU ASK, MATE?
One annoying factor of being a twin though, is when I mention it and someone is like "omg you're a twin?" Nope, just thought I'd pretend.
I fully claim twin telepathy to be an actual thing. I might even write a book about it and sell it to twins everywhere.
"I am Toni's sister. She can't come in today, she's sick" "How do you know from all the way up there?" "...twin telepathy."
My sister wishes I could call her work for her. I'm sure they'd be suspicious when a call to Rugby is made all the way from Yorkshire.
Just give me some candy, before I go
THANKS TO PETER KEHOE, FOR AWAKENING MY AND JAY'S LOVE FOR PAOLO NUTINI
All the while, she'll make you feel so much better.
To be honest, I don't even know who Ben and Fleur are.
How did I forget about Sonic Youth?
Smells absolutely rancid, I look round to see my cat, staring at me from her litter tray. Foul beast.
Them: It's not cold outside. Not compared to the place i lived which was colder, which I'm about…
Iron Sky, in general, is sensational. Such a better of a song.
Paolo Nutini is just a god. The Abbey Road session of 'Iron Sky' is just sensational.
Drinking with Holly, just like the olden days, will be a highlight.
So buzzing to be going to Rugby on Friday. I always miss everyone when I come back up north!
YES A QUESTION ABOUT FRIENDS ON POINTLESS
MY DOMAIN
I can't not watch Pointless now. Richard Osman is my all time favourite.
Can't help but feel sorry for myself, as I lay in bed, coughing my guts up and sneezing my nose off.
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
YOU MAKE ME FEEL LIKE A NATURAL WOMAN
I feel immensely nostalgic tonight.
I'm not surprised, because Wes Anderson is a brilliant director.
Moonrise Kingdom is such an excellent film.
I'll mostly have to leave the house, other than Christmas and Boxing Day. I'll mostly have to socialise. That word, I mostly dislike.
And lastly, I go home next week, for 9 days, and not one of them will be spent with quiet time.
To be fair, weekends in with Jay are much nicer than most other things I could be doing. Also, it isn't every weekend,
Try not to lose your heads with how wild my weekends are.
My rock and roll Saturday night has not stopped with an abundance of films. I have just managed to organise my pencil case.
Moonrise Kingdom though
YOU ARE APPLES, I AM TANGERINES
Eagle vs Shark will always be in my top 10 films of all time.
Movie night with Jay and Esmae ROCK &amp; ROLL
Jacqui Abbot definitely doesn't look 41.
My tweets must have so compelling. I am just an immensely interesting person.
Just found out that the sweets known as 'bon bons' are called that because 'le bon bon' means 'sweet'. Thanks, Pointless!
Just like Richard Ayoade and Jermain Clement, I have a soft spot for Richard Osman.
Secretly contemplating whether or not I fancy Richard from Pointless.
Feeling like Napoleon Dynamite, having to have an emergency ChapStick on my person at all time. GOSH.
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
This was actually me at the age of 12/13 oh my god 
Feeling unwell has ruined my entire evening. That's me sulking for the rest of the night.
Choosing how much effort to put toward garnering support for y... More for Pisces 
The house is suitably Christmassy now, and one week until I go home for the holidays! Weeeeee
Such a nice, funny, creative evening!
SAM LOSCO IS A FUCKING CAVEMAN
It's hailing to shit outside. If I squint hard enough, I can almost pretend that the hail is actually snow.
oh my goodness gracious  
STAND AND DELIVER
No Doubt's early stuff is actually brilliant.
@peasmoldia Gosh, of must be Christmas! You shouldn't have!
Just kidding, cat. Please don't leave me.
GO AWAY, CAT. I CANNOT COPE WITH CUDDLES WHEN MY TOOTH IS ACHING ME SO.
I have the worst toothache ever. I apologise to whoever o come into contact with :(
I WANT A GOAT
It's grim up north :(
Jason has made a really weird card, with a topless drawing of himself, cupping his man boobs. So artistic, so elegant...so strange.
It's like giving out knighthoods.
Basically, if you get a hilarious handmade Christmas card from Jay and I this year, you are one of the chosen few.
Making Christmas cards with Jay is the best way to spend the evening.
I'll stop quoting IT crowd now, normal business can resume.
I came here to drink milk and kick ass...and I've just finished my milk.
Did you see that ludicrous display last night? The thing about Arsenal is they always try and walk it in.
I still have the card given to me by the policeman, when my phone was stolen. That was a bloody year ago. A YEAR AGO.
I need to empty my purse more often.
I have just emptied from my purse, a buildup of receipts, bus and train tickets from June to now. Good lord.
NINE IN THE AFTERNOON IS STILL A GODDAMN TUNE
"Are you sexually active?"
Haha yes but you don't know her she lives in a different town
Personally, I really like Panic! At the Disco's Pretty. Odd. album.
"Communist parables, Woody Allen films and Christopher Walken?" 
"YEP!"
-the pitch meeting for …
He is watching vsauce, and this shit to too heavy for 3:30am
Fell asleep on the sofa, woke up feeling like shit. How has Jay managed to stay awake this long?
Was quite happily playing Kingdom Hearts. Hmph -.-
There are some little lord of the flies-esq turds squawking outside my home. GO AWAY, YOU LITTLE GREMLINS.
KINGDOM HEARTS 1.5 REMIX WHATWHAT
I think I am in love with Richard Ayoade
BOATS AND HOES, BOATS AND HOES
Being ditched, so gonna just chill down and watch Netflix until I fall asleep
Rachel Weisz is 44?! Crikey.
COME IN, COME IN, AND KNOW ME BETTER, MAN!
I was invited out as well, but there is no way i am leaving this house tonight. Jay has buggered off and left us though.
A chilled night with the in laws, listening to music and getting ready to watch a film. Old before my time!
He has owners, but he seems to have attached himself to my family, as well as an elderly couple across the road. Such a slutty cat.
Scruffy (random cat that loves me) followed me to the launderette, waited nearby until I was done, then follow me back home. Is this love?
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
Rose petals scattered all over a bed/in a bath, with loads of lit candles dotted about, seems a bit dangerous, and an effort to clean up.
The hoover won't get it, we all do a shrug. Young Esmae's cat fur can stay on the rug.
Try as we might, to get it up off the floor her fur lays dormant, this is a chore.
Under the chair, where the cat likes to sleep, lives lots of her fur, buried in deep.
CHRISTMAS IN THE KEHOE HOUSEHOLD IS ALMOST UPON US...not that I'll be with them for Christmas, but still.
Operation: De-clutter the Entire House is go. WHICH MEANS I CAN PUT CHRISTMAS DECS UP TOMORROW AHHHH YEEEEY
Today stats: 3 followers, 5 unfollowers via 
I'M STICKING WITH YOU, COS I'M MADE OUT OF GLUE
Note to self: Don't listen to Christmas music with Jason, because he will be really mean about all of it :(
WOW, MOMMY'S KISSING SANTA CLAUS
NEW SHE &amp; HIM ALBUM WHAT WHAT
To be fair, if I don't moan on here, everyone else will just have to hear it. I can't not whine.
TOO MUCH INFORMATION, LEANNE
I've got what I assume is the flu, and now aunt flow has come to town :(
twat 
okay 
i don't even remember who that is  
I'VE GOT ONE HAND IN MY POCKET, AND THE OTHER ONE'S GIVING A PEACE SIGN
Last night, the neighbourhood tart cat was once again in our home, and slept in our bed. Right until he left at 6ish. Bizarre.
3 years with Jay, and I am very poorly :( this suckssss
No, we do not. Fuck off.  
I've missed Spotify Premium so much. Welcome back, friend.
"He's about as real as those tits your stepdad just bought for your mom"
[Under breath]
"Fuck you…
Howard the Duck paperback is so expensive :(
'tis the season for Leanne to moan about everything, falalalala lalalala
'tis the season for perpetually tickly throat, falalalala lalalala
'tis the season for perpetually runny nose, falalalala lalalala
'tis the season for perpetually chapped lips, falalalala lalalala
The tarty neighbourhoods cat came back to the house this afternoon. I think we've acquired a new pet.
This morning, the tarty cat from another street just decided to come into our home and give us a cuddle. It was so damn bizarre.
Weirdly, four years later, I am out of Rugby. Though, not for teen angst reasons. 15/16 year old me was a bratttt. 
again, I was horrible!!! I want to go back in time and tell my former self to shut the fuck up. 
this pisses me off do much. I was a horrid, ungrateful little wankstain. I feel sorry for my family tbh 
Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed one person via 
Etsy is basically for people, not only with lots of money, but for people who aren't bothered about spending so much on one item.
Etsy is breaking my heart.
It is such an amazingly comfortable bed, and I have to share :(
The first downside to living with Jay is that we have a new, comfortable bed, and I can't starfish in it.
Unfortunately, even the most basic ideas are slippery as banan... More for Pisces 
SHAKE YOUR BOOTAYYYY
SHAKE SHAKE SHAKE, SHAKE SHAKE SHAKE, SHAKE YOUR BOOTAYYYY
Always after weird and wonderful stuff for our little cave.
Been after something like that for ages!
On the bright side, mum sent me a text with a photo for this really cool storage box, with the world map printed on it. It is so nice.
Never met someone who unsupportive of their own child.
I was so excited, I barely typed coherently. Sorry 'bout that
And today, I finally found it. We can all rest easy.
I just remembered the damn tune, and the few opening lyrics which are like I HAVE LOTS OF GALAXIES
Of was on my brother's iPod, and he just put a load of stuff on yo my mp4 player, and of course, I didn't know the name of the band.
AFTER LIKE SEVEN YEARS OF SEARCHING, I HAVE FINALLY FOUND THE SONG THAT I HAD ON MY FIRST EVER MP3 PLAYER
COME AND GET YOUR LOVE
YOU'RE FINE, AND YOU'RE MINE, AND YOU LOOK SO DIVINE
I am so bunged up today. It isn't fun, I tells ya!
Your behavior could be confusing to others today, especially i... More for Pisces 
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers via 
Your vivid imagination often guides you better than the facts,... More for Pisces 
Blubbed like an absolute loser though. I probably looked so silly, especially when we put her in the car.
After silently praying that the lady wouldn't come for Fudge, she turned up and now the house is all quiet and sad :(
Oh gosh, I feel like I could be sick any moment.
AHHH THAT WASN'T EVEN THAT LONG AGO. MAKES ME SICKKKKK 
Shit. This was a year ago? That woman was an actual ogre.  
On the bright side, at least Jay isn't going out tonight, like he was going to. Secretly joyous :')
I ended up getting up at 5, after like two hours of sleep. So not ready for Fudge to go today :(
I need an electric blanket, man. How can the room be so warm, but the bed be so damn cold?
If I had the money, I'd so get that for Jay.
Someone is selling an Ibanez AR220IV for £250 and it is a beauty
PHTEVEN.
I think that trying to persuade Holly to travel four hours on a shitty bus tomorrow morning, to hang out with me, is basically a lost cause.
If I was friends with someone like me, I'd have punched them in the head a lot.
I rarely made the effort to see anyone else. Maybe very couple of weeks? I am a lazy, shitty friend. And yet, they still love me!
It was easy in Rugby, because the friends I saw most frequently were the ones who lived up the road. (Holly, and sometimes Jasmin)
I should probably stop being so antisocial. I have made cool friends up here, but I am so crap at having the drive to see them.
@KatieKuma and I'd let you punch me as well tbh
@KatieKuma I am guilty of that, but at least I'm not like aw you'll be alright, just deal with it, etc. I'd punch myself if I was like that!
That means I won't have to share my snacks, I can watch whatever I want, and no one will talk through it!
I could invite a friend over to hang out with me tomorrow night, so I'm not alone...OR I could just ignore everyone and watch films.
@KatieKuma they're actually annoying replies that someone could receive when something is up! It's like a "idk what to say now" response!
@KatieKuma ..to understand, but they don't. Again, I am sorry that you had to deal with that shit!
@KatieKuma I think it is a case of social media bringing out the side of people, where they assume their opinion is right. Some people try..
@KatieKuma You didn't come across as a bitch! I just wanted to tell you from my perspective. I'm sure you got a lot of stupid responses!
Farage thinks that the burka and its "oppressive" ways are dividing Britain. No, Nige. Your party and its oppressive ways are dividing us.
It isn't like you can see what's in there, right? Or long coats, instrument cases, briefcases, etc. We all carry a risk, in that case?
I get that people think the burka could be a security risk, but in that case, me carrying an opaque handbag could surely be a risk?
I am definitely on my soapbox today, but really, why should there be a ban on the burka?
Does good deed, posts about it on Facebook, expects everyone to clap and cheer and comment their appreciation. 

Piss off.
A day of thanks, followed by one of the most selfish days of the year :)
@KatieKuma Sorry that it isn't helpful, but consider me a listening ear for if you just want to vent about it. I hope you have a good day :)
@KatieKuma I have a whole notebook full of stuff, for when my boyfriend gets really anxious out and about. Just thought I'd give it a go
@KatieKuma I don't think people mean to impose, but maybe if their suggestions worked for others with anxiety, they think it might with you?
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed one person via 
@KatieKuma I am sorry that I wasn't very helpful :( I understand how you feel. Do you have a lot of supportive friends/family to help you?
@KatieKuma slowly introducing yourself to the environment might help. Spending a minute or two, with a loved one, in the busy setting (c)
Jay just paused his game and looked at me intensely, because he is so scared by it. Such a god damn loser.
Harry Styles looks like a creepy uncle

Bueller...
Bueller...
Bueller...
MY HICCUPS ARE GONE! PRAISE WHOEVER IT IS YOU CHOOSE TO PRAISE.
Trying to be grammatically correct with only 140 characters is pretty tricky business.
(yes really)
One we until I've had Jason under my thumb (not really) for three god damn years. WHERE THE HELL HAS THE TIME GONE?
Jason appreciation tweet
Keeping Fudge awake with my god damn hiccups, getting the filthiest looks ever.
@charlamore Is okay bon, she will get the help she needs. Also, I won't stand on random biscuits she leaves dotted around, hurting my feets.
I swear to god I get the most violent hiccups
Peter Serafinowicz is one of my favourite people.
Only two weeks after they said they'd collect her, but meh
Looks like Fudge is going to her foster home on Friday :(
So, a woman can defend herself against a man, but when the tables are turned, the man faces scrutiny if he defends himself?
Noise complaint waivers for anyone who buys or rents a property within close distance of a music venue - e-petitions 
I can't tell if Audible would be worth subscribing to.
I am not a fan of most Marvel films, but to be fair, the Iron Man franchise and Guardians of the Galaxy actually kicked ass, you know.
My eyes have been opened to the wonders of peppermint tea
"You must be our volunteer. Harriet is right over there"
*walks over* "Hi are you Harriet?"
"I've been hai…
Pity party - table for one, please. 

Totally kidding; I would rather order the food, so that I can pity party in my own private domicile.
I would very much like a bottle of rosé. I think thinly alcoholic beverage is a big bottle of cider that was bought in 2012.
WENDY HAS GOD DAMN THROWN HER HORMONES IN MY DIRECTION. GOD DAMMIT.
One thing I really dislike about living away from home is that my best friends are all like a 4 hour bus journey away :(
I feel sickeningly christmassy and creative today
You may have an awkward encounter today when you realize that ... More for Pisces 
Go ahead and make me a sock monkey! Get right on drawing me a goofy picture, and put that shit in a frame! I want it all.
I would so much rather get some funky, unique homemade crafts for Christmas. Especially if a loved one has put so much effort into it.
@pinkyandrexa It is just pitiful attempts at pulling in viewers. Sadly, the more people shame the contestants, the more people will watch :(

The kid's actual best friend is genuinely called Bae &amp; it r…
@pinkyandrexa Amen! I just don't watch them nowadays. Too many people use them as an excuse to project their bile!
Unless you're donating/being sponsored to attempt to grow that poor excuse for a mustache, you aren't really partaking in Movember.
Being poorly seems to coincide well with the plethora of absolute rubbish that gets shown on television during the day.
@pinkyandrexa No need to thank me. I completely agree with everything you have to say. No one deserves unprovoked hate from strangers!
It was super cool seeing that Jay Baruchel directed an episode, as well. The whole series was just on point the whole time, man.
Finished TPB Series 8 last night, after putting it off. So buzzed for series 9 now. Hands down, my favourite show ever.
Not sure why I'm feeling hungover on a Wednesday morning, after a hard core night of lots of cups of tea.
The dye has made my hair look like a hideous red wine stain colour. I absolutely hate it. :(
You could face a tricky situation today if you need to deal wi... More for Pisces 
Today stats: One follower, 2 unfollowers via 
Cooler fucking music. I actually wanted to cry, man.
I was actually told last night that I should listen to "cooler music"
I get to see my little shrimp boy again aweeee
Last night was ace. So tired now though, up at 5am for the car ride back to Dewsbury :(
I forgot how much hair dye stings my head :(
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
And Michael, you would fall, and turn the white snow red as strawberries in summertime.
Spontaneous plans are the best
So chuffed to be cuddling my Molly and my Piggy back home
Today stats: No new followers, 5 unfollowers via 
And Fudge still being here for a bit longer, so I can cuddle her when I get back. And that.
And getting a lift there and back, obviously.
Obviously, seeing Holly and having her as my date to the party will also be absolutely grand.
I GET TO GO HOME AND SEE MY FAMILY AND PETS TOMORROW.
Though, I miss the whole weekend, because I will be home for a few days, as of tomorrow morning.
Lady never came to get Fudge, we rang, no room for her at the moment, I get to annoy her for a bit longer.
It is so irritating and upsetting that this is being dragged out.
I just want this over and done with now.
Can't take Fudge for a walk because the woman could turn up at any moment, to pick her up. Fudge is getting restless, I am getting restless.
I hate finding a hilarious tweet when stalking someone on here, because resisting the urge to retweet an old one is just so damn hard.
@beeef94 no, I will just make do with seeing the gremlins at mum and dad's house whenever I visit. We still have a cat back here though!
@beeef94 I think we will just stick with cats though. Thank you! Cookiwook. I miss you x
@beeef94 yeah, we've had her for about three months, the problems started a month after we got her. I am glad we gave it a go!
@beeef94 ...got her from are going to take her back and try and work with her. She is a lovely pooch, but she just switches all the time :(
@beeef94 she has really bad aggression issues, and despite trying everything we possibly can, we can't cope with her :( so the place we...
Please RT 
Help us find Mr BB 
Thank you so much 
what the fuck. though, it doesn't surprise me if she wrote that. 
I FEEL SICK. RONNIE RADKE IS NOT BEAUTIFUL. THIS WAS ONLY THREE YEARS AGO AS WELL :( 
At least I get to see family tomorrow, and the weekend.
Fudge is going today, and my ice cold heart is almost thawing out :(
On the bright side, we still have Esmae. I may not love cats like I love dogs, but Esmae fills the void.
Letting Fudge eat junk food and be a little shit tonight, because the lady is coming to get her tomorrow :(
To be fair, I only have a few months left to be grumpy and blame it on teenage angst!
I would very much like to curl up in bed and play Sims 4
So ready to fall asleep
After all this stress, at least I finally get to go home on Friday, and see my beautiful doggies!
I am probably one of those people you'd stamp on in the street tbh
GUYS IT'S OKAY I JUST SAW THE COCA COLA CHRISTMAS ADVERT AND I THINK I NEARLY HAD A HEART ATTACK IT IS OFFICIALLY CHRISTMAS
Ahahaha Giggles Malone
@ellieisaunicorn no...in that situation, one of us should have been like YOU'RE DRUNK, STOP. Alas, we wobbled on, cackling away.
I want some gingerbread men :(
@ellieisaunicorn That sounds wonderful, my dear. We shall do that! Strictly Costa this time, because we all know where wine got us before...
@ellieisaunicorn I think December will be the best bet, when I am back for Christmas! Not sure of the dates. Just before, to just after!
@ellieisaunicorn You summed it up so poetically! I am back this weekend, but only for a few days, for a family thing :(
What a pants evening. At least we've seen the back of it.
@ellieisaunicorn I miss your angelic ways. Your somewhat unsettling, but angelic ways...
Nerve nerves neeervessss :(
Someone's power play might sweep you up in a volatile melodram... More for Pisces 
@ellieisaunicorn where have you been all my life?
Indirect to Ellie, whom I miss more than I miss my favourite pair of shoes, that sadly, are now too small.
I think the only people from back home I talk to regularly are my family, Holly and Diana
Moving away from everyone has really put it into perspective how genuinely awful I am at contacting folk.
It doesn't mean I don't like you, and it doesn't mean that you're not important. It just means that I am a forgetful son of a bitch.
Unless I have an undying, burning love for a person, I will just be the worst at getting in touch
All my responses seem to be "sorry I didn't reply to you/sorry I missed your call"
I am the worst at keeping in touch with people, I swear.
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
Sometimes, I feel as though I am the least intelligent person in the world.
Sometimes the waters appear so clear that you Fish can see for... More for Pisces 
Weekend nights in with Jay are the best.
Not so keen on the Street Fighting Man cover though
I feel really tired and really sick :( such a rock and roll Friday night
JESUS DON'T LOVE ME, NO ONE EVER CARRIED MY LOAD. I'M TOO YOUNG TO FEEL THIS OLD
Thinking about when I saw Kings of Leon and they played Cold Desert and I pretty much cried
I'M ON THE CORNER, WAITING FOR A LIGHT TO COME ON. THAT'S WHEN I KNOW THAT YOU'RE ALONE
I WANT TO GO AND SEE KINGS OF LEON LIVE AGAIN
THIS LONELY MORNING, THIS LOOOOONELY MORNIIIIING
I can almost sense Jason's grimace as I attempt to do my Best Coast impression
Why does it always rain on me? Is it because I laughed at Frankie Boyle's jokes on TV?
you look pretty low, very handsome awkward
I'll stop writing a plethora of Paramore lyrics now. Sorry, everyone.
We got our own style, we got a way of living life. If they can't get down, well, we don't need them around.
DOWN TO YOU, YOU'RE PUSHING AND PULLING ME DOWN TO YOU, BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT I
IT'S OBVIOUS THAT YOU'RE DYING, DYING
JUST LIVING PROOF THAT THE CAMERA'S LYING
you can't turn back, because this road is all you'll ever have
"Sorry, we took too long to play that time. Please try again." DAMN YOU, XBOX MUSIC.



(by @TechnicallyRon) 
WHOLE OLD EPISODES OF NEVERMIND THE BUZZCOCKS ON YOUTUBE
@charlamore I READ THAT IN MY HEAD AS YOU ACTUALLY SHOUTING THIS TWEET. I HOPE YOU CAN HEAR MY SHOUTING NOW. now you can hear not shouting.
I miss spotify
I lost some more faith in xbox music being worthy of my money, when it didn't have Abracadabra by Steve Miller Band.
For, putting your hands into trousers and knickers can destroy a life
This is a tale of a boy, of a man, of a girl, of a wife

Leann beatboxes.

Leann remixes banjo.

Leann grabs the mic.

Leann Rimes
This didn't go according to plan.
He proceeded to shout "TWAS MY PIE GONE MISSING"...I don't think he is going to cry.
I asked Jay if he genuinely thinks that I enjoy spending day after day in his presence. I think he might cry.
As you can tell, I am spending my free day very wisely
Trying to compile a large list of many truly wonderful songs is proving to be rather difficult
MY FATHER WAS A GAMBLING MAN, DOWN IN NEW ORLEANS
YOU'VE GOT TO TRY A LITTLE TENDERNESS
Again, why did my parents conceive me?  
why did my parents conceive me? 
PARAMORE FEELS
@lucydecoutere is an absolute inspiration.
Time appears to be running faster than ever, yet your wisest s... More for Pisces 
This evening, I miss Rugby town a lot :(
I miss my friends :(
Sharlto Copley is my favourite person ever
I WANNA SEE CHAPPIE SO BAD WHEN IT COMES OUT
What a rather pleasant day

New pool: 24,000 Simoleons 

Throwing a pool party: 3,000 Simoleons 

Removing the ladders: P…
Everyone is professing their undying love for me tonight. Come on, who's next? No one? Oh.
Today stats: 3 followers, No unfollowers via 
*i go to cut the ribbon*
"No wait!"
*all the balloons just float away*
Having long, mature heart to hearts with Diana makes me feel more sad about the fact that I haven't seen her in almost four months
Time does fly.
FAKIN ELL, MATE
And in three days, I'll have been living with him, Mama and Papa Kehoe for four months.
In one month, I'll have been with Jay for three years. Well, bloody hell.
You grow excited when you realize your fantasies have a solid ... More for Pisces 
Today stats: One follower, One unfollower and followed one person via 
The friends I've made here are fab, but I am really missing my besties this weekend
Holly is literally the biggest douche ever. WHAT ARE BEST FRIENDS GOOD FOR?
My inner scene kid is absolutely devastated that Kids In Glass Houses have split up. They were my favourite band for so long, man.
I just ate a load of lollipops that the trick or treaters didn't claim, and now my stomach feels sick with both accomplishment and regret.
Jason's brother and his brother's girlfriend just like decided to come up without telling anyone, and now everyone is grumpy :(

"Worst hangover ever"

"Someone bring me McDonalds"

"I'm never drinking again"

tweets are coming.
Today stats: One follower, No unfollowers and followed one person via 
I miss Holly. This might be one of the first Halloweens in ages that I haven't hung out with her :(
yassss
To be fair though, this Halloween is probably better, because I am not sat by my friends as they get freakayyy, like last year.
Last year, I was probably very not sober by this point. I feel like an old woman. I'd say I feel a sense of maturity, but...
Everyone is going out tonight, and I'm in my pyjamas, in bed, laughing at Katy Perry dressed as a cheeto.

Me: YEAH IT’S THE WEKEND PYJAMAS FOOD NETFLIX POPCO…
Last Halloween wasn't too shoddy though
First Halloween in a while that I haven't spent with many friends. A quiet movie night with Jay sounds most splendid.
sorry, what? 
My pretty little camera is here, but I have to wait to use it because charging :(
Impatiently awaiting my packages
Phteven
It is stupid that I find the "do you feel old yet?" tweets so funny.
fucking dickhead fucking dickhead  
I HATE MYSELF  
I've never shopped in River Island. I was clearly trying too hard to be cool. Little wanker.  
if I could go back and punch my stupid face, I so would.  
I don't feel so great today
I feel sick now :(
Messaged the pizza guy, saying "people are asleep, please call when you're outside" and the fucker is literally shout talking outside
I just watched Jay bite down on ice cream and I have never been so horrified
I can't believe I found my phone after all this time. Someone please hold me.
Looking at cameras makes me want to cry. I cannot afford any of you.
@yops_xo I'M SCARED OF CRACKING UP AGAIN, I JUST WANT IT TO BE LIKE IT WAS BEFORE
EVAN PETERS WILL ALWAYS BE THE GREATEST AT PORTRAYING QUICKSILVER
LADADADADADADA THIS CHAAAAAARMING MAN
Say what you think must be said today, even if you're afraid o... More for Pisces 
I'M CALLING YOU AT 3AM AND I'M STANDING HERE, RIGHT OUTSIDE YOUR DOOR
I mean, it is always beautiful, but as a white girl, I am obligated to say that autumn makes almost everything look absolutely stunning.
I know it will still be there next time, or the time after, but Autumn gives it all such a beautiful setting.
That walk I just had makes me wish that I had a good camera to capture it all.
Today stats: 3 followers, 2 unfollowers and followed 5 people via 
Seriously though, I thought the Yorkshire hills would improve my fitness. Most days, Fudge has to pull me up them, in case I collapse a lung
I keep seeing people I know, posting charity runs, and here I am, getting out of breath, just typing this tweet.
Boy, my soapbox is getting a lot of use lately.
As mad as most social network (their users) tend to make me, I still use them. There is no logic in that.
A bunch of fucking "like my status"/"retweet me" fuckwits. When you stop trying too hard to non conform, then I'll take you seriously.
They're either little chavs, or kids, whom romanticise suicide and preach really important causes, without being able to back them up.
As much as I hate to sound like an old woman, I can't get over how fucking annoying secondary school kids are these days.
I always love it when it starts to get dark really early.
I haven't sat and read a novel in so long. Decided to start one, ended up dosing off. Now I remember why I stopped reading so much.
or not
Wes Anderson film afternoon sounds like a plan
At least I got an extra hour of sleep
I slept really funny and my left shoulder feels like someone has attempted to pull it out :(
NASA Recorded Sound In Space, And It’s Absolutely Chilling  
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower and followed 2 people via 
It may be disconcerting to observe how reality doesn't match u... More for Pisces 
Kong toys are such a brilliant idea
fuck offff 
twat 
nyehehehe mark buffalo
Esmae won't leave me alone now
Trying my hardest not to cry about how shit the Cecilia cover is on that radio 1 teen awards advert
I honestly feel so guilty. I thought she was asleep, under the wicker chair.
Didn't realise the cat had been outside for over an hour until Jay saw her at the kitchen window. Baby gets all the ham now. Sorry, Esmae :(
I'll stop needlessly talking now
She is basically Tommy, and I am Chucky. Except, she is a bit of Angelica as well. Little bitchacho. Gotta' love her though. I think.
Why she is still my best friend, after all this time, and all this cruelty, is beyond me.
And when she convinced me that her cousin had a vampire in his loft.
I was like 10/11, and she wrote a letter on a Harry Potter notebook bit of paper, pretending to be Dumbledore. I WAS ELEVEN, FFS.
Oh, and I was (and still am) really gullible. Like when Holly told me that I was invited to Hogwarts and I cried.
In summation; teenagers are cunts
She threatened to drink it all the time as well, and when I cries because it scared me, she told me to tell my brother that I fell over.
When I was little, my teenage neighbour convinced me that if she drank a magic potion, all of her neighbours would die. It was fairy liquid
If sitting on my own at the age of 19, watching Rugrats, doesn't make me the coolest person ever, I don't know what does.

Me: A PUPPY, ANOTHER PUPPY, AND I WANT MILK DUDS TO BE CALLED MILK STUDS
WALKING ON THE BEACHES, LOOKING AT THE PEACHES
Today has been such a better day, so far anyway. I just needed a day like today to build my confidence back up. Thank you, lawwwd
why do I even go on timehop? all it does is induce cringing 
punk  
what the fuck though  
says that on, of whom used 'XD' without being ironic. I was a twat.  
You might not find it easy to get in touch with your own heart... More for Pisces 
Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers via 
Trying to draw scenery and buildings is the trickiest
@Jasminpants but I am not sensible, and doggies are such annoying little shits and I hate that I love them all :( x
@Jasminpants sort out dog related issues. Need to sort our behavioural stuff, discuss options and try and make sensible decisions...
I can't concentrate on anything today. There is so much to do, but my brain is a frazzled crisp.
I have the strangest streams
Also, tweet of appreciation to Jay, even though he doesn't have twitter. You're the coolest kid of them all. x
Tweet of appreciation to @charlamore for being a legend, and general cool kid. I appreciate you, knob head x
@charlamore I cannot wait to spend all my money, and I cannot wait to visit! London won't be able to handle Bonham and the Brownstain x
my eyes are sore and my head hurts, i cannot get to sleep, and have been staring at beautiful cameras for half an hour
@charlamore oh, bonny buns :( love you too, man x
I am just in a super angry/sad/meh mood. Again, I shall get off my soapbox and put it back under the sink.
It shouldn't annoy me as much as it does, actually
Not only does 'lol' piss me off anyway, but when people use it at the end of normal, unfunny sentences, or serious sentences, it enrages me.
:(
IF THIS SCREEN KEEPS FLICKERING, I WILL JUST CURL UP INTO A BALL AND CRY BECAUSE I CANNOT AFFORD TO REPLACE THIS LAPTOP RIGHT NOW
My laptop screen keeps flickering and this may just be the most panicked I've ever felt
I am slightly sure that I can smell tinned tomatoes, and if that's right, I think I'll cry, or puke, or both
Trying to work out what's for tea by sniffing the air intensely, instead of walking the few yards to the kitchen
So many unfollowers, so little time :'(
I was playing in the dog in the garden, and a woman was watching me from her bedroom window the entire time. Proper freaked me out.
Your friends or coworkers may be on your case today, pushing y... More for Pisces 
I will get off my soapbox now. Sorry, everyone.
I am not saying that everyone in those circumstances are selfish, but it is clear that some people know how to milk the system.
Just like selfish people know that having a child means that they will get help with housing and money, as well as not having to job seek.
It is a real shame, because that tends to be why most animals end up in shelters. Selfish people just like the idea of a pet.
It is so selfish to get a pet when you know you're unable to look after it. It is just as bad to have a child, just to get more money.
If you can barely afford to look after/are barely able to look after yourself, don't adopt an animal, or have a child, of whom will suffer.
All I want from life is an attic bedroom with a skylight.
Today stats: 2 followers, 2 unfollowers via 
You may be divinely inspired today, but cultivating an etherea... More for Pisces 
Such a chilled out Sunday on my own. One of the nicest weekends I've had in a long time.
Thus 60s tape as chilled me right now. My productivity has definitely ceased.
Listening to an old 60s compilation cassette, candles lit and sketchbook out. What a lovely Sunday it shall be.
My cheeks have their own orbit, for flip sake.
They were funny though, bless them. I do love them
I never felt like such an old lady until last night, when we were in bed before 12 and had to listen to Jason's parents drunken giggling.
I was a little prick, really  
BYE FACEBOOKERS 
Today stats: No new followers, 4 unfollowers via 
When that fat old sun in the sky is falling, summer evening, birds are calling
If you are considering making changes to your daily regimen, t... More for Pisces 
I am sorry to Jason and anyone else who has to encounter me today. I am a stressy fucker.
We were locked out of the house for an hour, and the worst part of it was when I had to interact with the neighbours :(
REALLY THOUGH. SOMEONE. ON MY TIMELINE ACTUALLY RETWEETED IT. 
It is an injustice that Paul McCartney has 2 million followers on here, but Ringo Starr only has 551k followers
That was nearly five years ago, but I cringe like it happened yesterday.
Quietly cringing to myself about that time in school when I emailed some coursework to my ICT teacher and put kisses on the end.
Brian Cox is intelligent, but he is a cretin. #unpopularopinion
THE CURRY IS HERE. PRAISE WHOEVER
The worst type of grump
I've got the tired and hungry grump on :(
This curry had better hurry up, before I cry over how hungry my tummy is :(
Be careful about placing too much trust in your instincts now ... More for Pisces 
Going to an animal auction with Wendy, Janet and Gran tomorrow as well, in York. I shall have to sit on my hands :(
dickkkkheadddddd 
ugh  
whatttt 
fuck off 
what the fuck, Leanne  
I hate myself.  
Still priority standing tickets left, managed to book them before they go on sale at 9. THE KEHOES (and me) ARE GOING TO SLIPKNOT AND KORN
BBC Three is a prime example of pollution.
I'll stop being a complete knob head now, go about your daily business
DON'T YOU GO HOME, DON'T YOU GO HOME, DON'T YOU LEAVE ME ON MY OWN
(Esmae jumped on me and could see the screen. I didn't want to offend her)
AND ESMAE AND FUDGE ARE MY ANGELS TOO
Drawing and Jason always make my day go from poo to fab. I am so lame for expressing this, but living with my best friend is the greatest.
Spent my night drawing pictures of dogs I'd love to own. I need a life.
"Neil! Stop."
"I WALKED ON …
"go! get! no one likes you! my wife is right *clutches tiny sweater I made for him and fights tears* you'd …
Farther = physical distance
Further = metaphorical distance
Father = emotional distance
:( what a washout of a day
Finalizing your plans for an upcoming trip might seem like the... More for Pisces 
I, on the other hand, feel pretty dapper today.
If we get Slipknot and Korn tickets tomorrow, because the priority ones sold out today, I think the overall family atmosphere may get better
Everyone is grumpy today and I just want to curl up into a ball and hide :(
Sometimes I feel like Spongebob, then other times, I feel like Squidward, but I mostly just feel like Patrick.
I saw someone on Facebook write "fkin poles"  for being treated badly. I'm not sure I can spare the braincells to share with the ignoramus.
I have no reason to be up so early, so why have I been awake since like 6:30?
Maleficent is such a good film
If there was ever a perfect day for a quick get-away, this mig... More for Pisces 
Little Galaxy and Paper Monsters are such wonderful little games
Today stats: No new followers, 3 unfollowers and followed 2 people via 
"dad dont"
im just wondering if he goes Goodwill Hunting
*kid lights himself…
I hate coffee, but Caffé Nero's dark chocolate coated coffee beans are beautiful.
All this porn is being retweeted onto my timeline and I wanna cry :((((
Thank you, laptop, for deciding to not completely break down on me.
How will I play sims 4 now? This is a sad day for first world problems.
I think my laptop has fallen out with me for buying a tablet, because it is no longer working :'(
If you're small and on a search, I've got a feeder for you to perch on
I won't listen to their words, cos I like birds
You're the cutest thing that I ever did see. I really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree.
In a town called malice, oooooh yeahhhhh
Steve Miller Band though
Ricky thinks it's called Hair Shellac
I swear, him next door is such a knuckle dragger
Relying on your instincts can increase the stability in your l... More for Pisces 
@katiloucatlin The amount of people I've seen posting them on Facebook as well is ridiculous! I am glad someone agrees with me.
Why do people pose and take selfies in front of the graves of their loved ones? I'm all for remembering the deceased, but seriously?
Today, I fell in love with some walking boots. Am I going through the change, or?
Google Now is so brilliant to use.
Your current career goals may be overwhelmed by your growing d... More for Pisces 
Today stats: 2 followers, One unfollower and followed 3 people via 
Ricky Spanish
I have started going from chuckling a little, to just breathing more air out of my nose than normal whenever something amuses me moderately.
I had to turn series 8 off after ep 3 because otherwise i would never go to sleep
Carl Poppa
John Dunsworth looks exactly the same age as he did in season one.
So glad i put series eight on a pedestal for this long. I was worried it wouldn't live up to my expectations, but so far, so excellent.
I AM SO EXCITED
TRAILER PARK BOYS SEASON EIGHT YEAHYEAHYEAHHHHHHH
Everyone's laughing, and riding, and cornholing, except Buster.
STEVE HOLT!
HOW MUCH CLEARER CAN I SAY "THERE'S ALWAYS MONEY IN THE BANANA STAND"?!
Constant debate in my head of whether Arrested Development is my favourite, or Trailer Park Boys.
Better than being treated like the goof ball, the joker...the magician.
Illusions, Michael. A trick is something a whore does for money.
To spend my night watching Trailer Park Boys season 8, instead of putting it on a pedestal, or watch old episodes of Arrested Development...
Chocolate chip weetabix minis is the best cereal ever
I want cheesecake
It is typical that the one character I find mildly attractive on a show is either barely in it, or dies as soon as I get into it.

Hasn't spoken to them since birth.
I am a bag of grumps today. Fabulous.
I need to get ready and go out, but here I am

BOGGIS, BUNCE AND BEAN - ONE FAT, ONE SHORT, ONE LEAN. THESE HORRIBLE CROOKS, SO DIFFERENT IN LOOKS, BUT NONE THE LESS EQUALLY MEAN
DAVY, DAVY CROCKETT, KING OF THE WILD FRONTIER
FAT SAM'S AIN'T HUMBLE, BUT IT'S YOUR HOME SWEET HOME
WE'LL PUT HIM TO BITS, THEN WE'LL CALL IT QUITS FOR SURE, JOEEEE
@KatieKuma It's alright! Just be prepared for lots of cleaning up :( Other than that, enjoy!
@KatieKuma (c) thermometer, just didn't let the wax boil! Also, we used old mugs and whatnot, which work just as well! It is very cool to do
@KatieKuma I found a wikihow! 
LIKE A LOTTA STUFF, AAAH? AAAAAAAAAAH?
Making candles is messy, but quite good fun
I need to get ready, but The Velvet Underground is too enticing :(
Making candles and tie-dying my new t-shirt weeee
I wanted that Chinese, but now I regret it :(
WHERE IS MAH CHINESE? YOU FUCKING BASTARDS
I forgot how grotty the tube is. I came home and just scrubbed my face to get rid of all the shit and pollution.
Chinese takeaway yeahyeahyeahhh
Someone on the train is going to get a free Catbus, Buddha, incense burner and lots of little incense cones. God dammit, Leanne :(
2 people followed me in the last day thanks to 
Left almost £20 worth of stuff on the train. So fucking angry right now. Flipflopfloopfleepflapflomp.
An overly exuberant family member or roommate might be a naggi... More for Pisces 
What the fuck is Alexei Sayle doing on Holby?
I GOT SUNSHINE ON A CLOUDY DAY
That's my in the corner. That's me in the spotlight, losing my religion.
I have to get up early, I feel poorly, and my family are watching crap on the telly. I am pretty sure this calls for The Velvet Underground.
There's an underlying tension creating a struggle between who ... More for Pisces 
"My name's Sam, fat Sam on the account of my physique."
Sunday morning brings the dawn in
(sorry for slop) I HAVE THE COOLEST, MOST FANTASTIC BOYFRIEND IN THE WORLD :)
"UK Prime minster will apologise to Queen for remarks that she 'purred' over Scotland vote" WHAT A SHINY FACED, DOUGH HEADED KNOB END.
I would absolutely love to have the facility and resources to rehome every rescue dog in the world :(
Paul O'Grady's For the Love of Dogs is making me want to cry. Poor Peppy :( #pogdogs
I just love dogs so much, but you can't hug every dog :(
"I am so fat, right, that I fell asleep and dreamt about KFC." My sister, ladies and gentlemen.
Warwick Davis is coming to Rugby three bloody days after I go home :(
Can we talk about how good the film and the soundtrack to Bugsy Malone are?
AT FAT SAM'S GRAND SLAM SPEAK EASYYYY
YOU GIVE A LITTLE LOVE AND IT ALL COMES BACK TO YOU
SHEILA, TAKE A, SHEILA TAKE A BOW
Hipsters must spend a fucking fortune on vinyl.
Fuuuuucking hell. The Complete Smiths: Collector's Edition on Vinyl is like £400 nopety nope nope
The Velvet Underground &amp; Nico on vinyl is only £17.33. That is souuuuundddd
You're written in her book. You're number 37, have a look.
SHE'S A FEMME FATALE
here she comes, you better watch your step, she's going to break your heart in two. it's true
It breaks my heart when I see older dogs on rescue sites :( If I had all the money in the world, I would definitely go and adopt them all.
CECILIA, I'M DOWN ON MY KNEES, I'M BEGGING YOU PLEASE TO COME HOME
ONE LAST CARESS
Last night we went on chatroulette and after talking to a man, I asked if he liked the Ramones and he showed me his Ramones poster. SO COOL
WHO KILLED BAMBI?
Sex Pistols are really just incoherent noise most of the time, but I still like them all.
Ooooh Manchester Orchestra are in Leeds on October 4th and no one I know likes them :(
I am tender in the mornings anyway, but I just stubbed my baby toe against the footstool and I feel as though I may throw up :(

So regretting putting that fan on for five minutes. So fucking freezing now :(
I FORGOT HOW HIDEOUS THE BOYS OF RUGBY ARE. PERSISTENT CREEPOS.
Today, a boy asked me for a fag, then for directions, then for more directions, then asked if I had a boyfriend. He was topless in the cold.
Faces come out of the rain when you're strange. No one remembers your name, when you're strange, when you're strange, when you're straaaange
YOU KNOW, I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW HER NAME, BUT I WAS NEVER GONNA BE THE SAME. WHAT A LADY, WHAT A NIGHT
Meeting my sister from work and the laziness is strong with this one
One person followed me in the last day thanks to 
I had space buns when I was like 10 and all the kids took the piss out of me. I WAS A TREND SETTER, YOU LITTLE FUCKING PRICKS.
Neal came home and gave me three bottles of strawberry and lime Kopparberg and he is my favourite brother right now.

"Stop licking things."
DO YOU REMEMBER THE 21ST NIGHT IN SEPTEMBER?
GOIN' OVER TO SUSAN'S HOUSE
THEY TOOK ERRR JEEERRRRBS
Brandon Stanton is one of the coolest humans to grace the earth.
I really, really, REALLY would rather not go back and do part time GCSE Maths classes. I thought I was done with algebra and such :(
Why must my most hated and feared subject be the one thing that is holding me back from doing a job that I'd love? DAMN YOU, MATHEMATICS.
one room
"SUCH A LOVELY PLACE
okay
"SUCH A LOVELY FACE
can you just
"PLENTY OF ROOM AT THE…
I fucking hate that this shitty "tumblr generation" seem to romanticise things like suicide and drug abuse.

1) making mashed potatoes 

2) making friends out of mashed potatoes 

3) eating my friends made o…
"sure"
*tosses kid coke*
"thanks batman you're the best"
*looks at bottle*
"hey why does this say …
I slept horrendously, also.
I feel like shit anyway, but the dog puking in the bed has not helped matters. Ughhh
2 people followed me in the last day thanks to 
LINGER ON, YOUR PALE BLUE EYES
SOMETIMES I FEEL SO HAPPY, SOMETIMES I FEEL SO SAD. SOMETIMES I FEEL SO HAPPY, BUT MOSTLY, YOU JUST MAKE ME MAD. BABY, YOU JUST MAKE ME MAD
Take it in stride if someone offers you an idea today that con... More for Pisces 
Good ol' Pulp
GO ON, JARVIS COCKER
Making my brother come and hang out with me until I have to get ready to go out

Grandma, you there?

Y-E-S

Say something so we know it's you

F-U-C-K-H-E-R-R-I-G-H-T-I-N-T-H-E-P-U-S-S-Y

N…
I have to spend two hours of my life on my own :(
FIRST DAY OF AUTUMN. TIME TO CHANNEL MY INNER AND OUTER WHITE GIRL
I AM HOMEEEE
Looking forward to visiting home. However, not looking forward to the 4 hour bus journey tonight. I hate not getting to Rugby before 12am :(
Mrs Robinson is a right cunt though
The Graduate is easily one of the best films ever mad because a) Dustin Hoffman and b) Simon &amp; Garfunkel
The amount of intolerant arseholes on Facebook that share posts from Britain First is ridiculous.
Puppy doesn't like guitars
Open up my emails to see one from Ed Miliband, asking if I am with the Labour Party. Fuck off, you plasticine faced oaf.
I can be a proper fucking idiot sometimes
#LimmyForFirstMinister
Me: Haha the heated seat feels like I peed my pants!
Dealer: This car doesn't have heated seats.
Me: Does …
You might be required to produce further details about your id... More for Pisces 
If it's one thing i despise, it is that shitty, misty attempt at rain that gets you more soaked than a heavy downpour. Fuck sakes.
Collected some funky leaves, played with a newfoundland, then got rained on.
A year of being shit at catering college was good for something at least - I can withstand oil being spat at me without squealing like a pig
AND THE LEAVES THAT ARE GREEN TURN TO BROWN
Gonna be a cool kid later and collect leaves and twigs from the woods when we walk naughty puppy.

Me: Where on earth did you hear that?

4 yo: Quagmire 

Me: Giggity
Oh :( 
SO EXCITED TO VISIT MAH FAMWEE, SO EXCITED TO SEE MAH FWENZ, SO EXCITED TO GO AND WASTE ALL MY MOOLARZ IN LONDON WITH FAMWEE NEXT WEEK EEEEH
Considering how easily I gave in to naughty puppy, I don't think I should a) have any kids any time soon b) be in charge of this little shit
naughty puppy just snuggled into my foot as a means of affection because we are supposed to be mad at her. I CAN'T TAKE ALL THE CUTES
naughty puppy chewed up a memory foam topper and I don't know how long I have to stay mad at her for :(
I have this sudden burst of energy and I want to walk the dog and sing and dance. Well,actually, maybe not the latter part.
Note to self: maybe the white fairy lights will look better around the bed, as opposed to the somewhat risque red ones.
Ran away from the massive spider a few hours ago. Have since put up 3 sets of fairy lights around my room, and one clock. #ThugLife
The cat has taken to curling up on the sofa with me and the dog. This is our makeshift panic room, away from the evil spider.
Honestly, even the cat won't get rid of this beast of an arachnid. I am a prisoner in my own home.
Dear massive fucking spider,

please stop walking around like you own the living room and kindly fuck off. I need a wee.

Regards,

Leanne.
@shennylove21 There is something satisfying about the word thundercunt. Much better than just cunt on its own! I am glad you appreciate me!
@shennylove21 Ahahaha I don't know if you can tell from that tweet, but I don't like flower crowns :P
I think I just ooze cynicism this evening. Just leave me to stew in my own negative juices and bitch about the referendum, or some shit.
wow such hipster so flower crown much looking like a colossal thundercunt.
Someone on my Facebook posted a status, describing their dog as "pertective". I must log out, before I fulfill the bloodlust.
I pray that the first Sims 4 expansion is a Pets one, because I want to make a puppy haven :(
Why do a chore, when you can play Sims 4 (a personal favourite of mine)
Why get thinner, when you can get dinner
Having the ability to get a scolding hot plate out of the microwave without harming myself should be an acceptable skill to put on my CV
Wacky, waving, inflatable, arm-flailing tubeman! Wacky, waving, inflatable, arm-flailing tubeman!
Jason thinks that Caleb Followill sounds like Mr Mackie from South Park and he has completely ruined Kings of Leon for me.
My twitter is full of interactions for the first time since the dawn of time and I never made a safety procedure for this unexpected event
WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN TO IRN BRU IF SCOTLAND VOTE YES? I SUDDENLY HAVE AN OPINION #indyref
@Jasminpants Diggin' that yellow chair though. I've never felt such admiration for a chair before.
Still. They are the pros and cons of success, I guess.
On one hand, they are making something that lots of people love, but at the same time, they are enduring a list of quotes day in and day out
In fact, the entire cast, as a whole must find it both cool and annoying that people appreciate the show and characters so much.
I am all for fan camaraderie, but the amount of TPB quotes @corybowles seems to be tweeted per day (maybe even per minute) is ridiculous.
I am going to be 20 in just over 5 months and I am so not ready to leave my teens behind.
Grooving out with Jay to the old Pink Floyd cassette we found in the player. We are so hipster and unconventional omg someone get me a tea
I am so hungry and I don't know what's for dinner and when it is going to be. I will just lay here and grumble loudly to myself.
The only gig I still get all goosebumpy and nostalgic over is Kings of Leon and listening to them it not helping matters.
For one dear Jack, there's 35 doppelgangers
GOOD HEAVENS, YOU BOYS. BLUE BLOODED MURDER OF THE ENGLISH TONGUE
That includes the person posting the status as well.
It is amazing the amount of begs crawl out from under the woodwork on Facebook when someone says they're having a "friend clearout"
I AM A SOPPY, SLOPPY LOSER
It's weird that a couple of years ago, I had to wait over a month at a time to see Jason, and now I see him every day. And that's awesome.
I remember in year 8 when we had to do a presentation about our family and when I used Angels and Airwaves, the chav kids looked disgusted.
I CANNOT LIVE, I CAN'T BREATHE UNLESS YOU DO THIS WITH ME
Angels &amp; Airwaves used to be my absolute favourite

Me: What are you singing?

4: A song I made up.

Apparently Queen sto…
THE FUCKING HOROSCOPE AND UNFOLLOWER SPAM TWEETS ARE THE WORST AND THEY WON'T STOP POSTING ON MY BEHALF. DAMN LEANNE FROM 2009/2010
Obeying my inner (and obviously outer) white girl by ordering my white fairy lights to put around my bed.
omg bubblegum starz
Reminiscing my sassy younger days by googling Groovy Chick Bang on the Door
"You're an organ donor? Well, they couldn't have your eyes, for a start."
I don't even know what needle I need to get for the record player. Honestly, hipsters must really know what they're doing.
Jason's dad gave us this monster of a record player/tape player/CD player/radio and I can see why the 90s was a confusing time for most
Not a fan of Kanye, but the whole wheelchair thing seems way out of context. Another excuse for the media to paint their own versions.
Being poorly in the Kehoe household is definitely the nicest place to be poorly.
I am not sure if I feel ill because today was crazy, or if I have a bug. Please be thr first one :(
I am addicted to Sims 4 well and truly
Absolutely devestated to read about Manchester Dogs Home. My heart goes out to the staff and anyone else affected. Rest in peace, doggies :(
Genuinely thought i was going to die earlier. Leanne and multiple steep hills do not mix. I feel sick :(
Bought Sims 4, someone tried to ask me for my origin account details so that they could download it too. ONLY HOLLY GETS THAT PRIVILEGE.
One person followed me in the last day thanks to 
It was the coolest thing ever.
On our walk, Fudge and I befriended a Newfoundland dog and words cannot describe how great it was to watch Fudge play with the giant.
(I am actually pretty proud, my friend won't be offended because she is cool and isn't shit)
No better way to take the piss out of a hipster than an ironic birthday card and a shit book about cocktails with a literary twist.
You celebrate your birthday once a year? Ugh, how mainstream.
Boyfriend has gone out, dog has ditched me in favour of the garden. I AM UTTERLY ALONE
I only use my laptop to check social media, online shop, use spotify and play sims - I am so white.
Two days until I can get sims 4 uhuhuhuhhhh
One person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you 
I am just waiting patiently for Thursday so that I can buy Sims 4
Your fantasies seem to be blown out of proportion now that the... More for Pisces 
Applied for an apprenticeship with a boarding kennel. I am sure that if my own mutt doesn't listen, everyone elses will.
@imstabcity SORRY, I SHALL REJOICE WHENEVER I FEEL LIKE AN OLD SCHOOL PARARAVE
@ellieisaunicorn we definitely can! It sounds like a plan!
@mrbran4 I WAS ACTUALLY THINKING OF TWEETING YOU ABOUT IT, BUT YOU ARE ON THE DAMN BALL! HI ALSO BTW
Set aside your regular routine long enough to make time to get... More for Pisces 
I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to 
Sorry for my Paramore circa 2005 mood.
I KNOW THAT WE WON'T FORGET AT ALLLLL
ALWAYS KNOW THAT YOU SHINE BRIGHTER THAN ANYONE DOES
Recent emotional confusion might have sapped your energy, leav... More for Pisces 
Anyone own him in Dublin 9?! Please RT 

John 3:15
I definitely don't feel like socialising later either. It's a no from me.
Who the fuck made the rule that dogs need a minimum of three half an hour long walks per day? The devil, that's who.
The weather is shit and neither myself or the dog are feeling this hour long walk that is on the horizon. Nope.
I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to 
Handling criticism is easy today because it's probably being o... More for Pisces 
(By 'friends', I mean 'pets')
Well, my friends are dorks, but still. Cool dorks.
I couldn't ask for cooler friends though, both back home and up here.
Sims 4 is out and I have to wait until Thursday to get it :(
@ellieisaunicorn I will be doing family stuff at the weekend, but I would like to see you in the week!
@ellieisaunicorn I miss you too, Ellie! :( I am back in the middle of England from the 23rd-30th of this month!
I moved to Yorkshire exactly two months ago. Fucking hell.
Season 8 of Trailer Park Boys is out on Netflix soon and I cannot contain the excitement
Don't be thrown off track by someone's dramatic display of emo... More for Pisces 
owner: lol don't worry he's just playing
Today stats: No new followers, One unfollower via 
Express what's on your mind today while your emphatic words ca... More for Pisces 
