Jay: I'm looking to the future:  
Rodriguez commits to Saints: Jay Rodriguez has ended speculation over his future by signing a new and imp... 
Jay Rodriguez commits to Southampton: Jay Rodriguez has ended speculation over his future by signing a ne... 
Koeman: Rodriguez deal a big compliment to club:  
Rodriguez signs new Southampton deal: Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez has signed a new contract with th... 
Rodriguez extends contract until 2019:  
Rodriguez signs new Southampton contract: Jay Rodriguez has handed Saints a significant boost by agreeing... 
Jay Rodriguez stays loyal to Southampton by signing new contract:  
Ward-Prowse wants to reward supporters on Saturday:  
Saints reopen Clyne talks - Report: Nathaniel Clyne's deadline to give Southampton a decision on his futu... 
Saints reopen Clyne talks - Report: Nathaniel Clyne's deadline to give Southampton a decision on his futu... 
LOAN WATCH: Duo set for Wembley final:  
Swansea close gap on Southampton with win at Arsenal: SAINTS have a brand new rival in the race for Europ... 
Elia: I would love to stay at Southampton: Eljero Elia says he would love to remain a Saints player next ... 
U21 GALLERY: Young Saints see off the Foxes:  
U21 REACTION: Goalscorer Gape delighted with win:  
U21 REACTION: We deserved to win comfortably, says Hunter:  
U21 REPORT: Southampton 2-0 Leicester City:  
Cyclists complete Garmin Big Bike Challenge:  
THE MIXED ZONE: Duo on defeat to the Foxes:  
Alderweireld: Southampton struggles hard to explain: Toby Alderweireld admits it is hard to explain Saint... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton: The verdict: It’s time for everybody to draw in a deep breath and focus on wha... 
Additional Man City tickets on sale from Wednesday:  
Southampton to stick with Gazzaniga in goal: Kelvin Davis will make his 300th Saints appearance on the fi... 
Koeman: Southampton lacking in belief: Ronald Koeman has admitted Saints are lacking belief despite being... 
Elia: Southampton were punished for slow start: Eljero Elia admitted Saints were punished for another slu... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Monday, May 11:  
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Leicester press conference:  
Fonte issues rallying cry after 'painful' form:  
U21 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Leicester City:  
Next up at St Mary's:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Sunday, May 10:  
U18 REACTION: Two sloppy goals cost us, says Limbrick:  
Fonte: Treat next week like the FA Cup final: Jose Fonte has urged Saints to approach the next week as if... 
MATCH GALLERY: Saints outfoxed:  
Koeman rues Saints' slow start: Ronald Koeman accepts Southampton's slow start was to blame for their def... 
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman rues slow start in Leicester loss: Ronald Koeman accepts Southampton's slo... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton: Koeman left to rue another slow start: Ronald Koeman was left to rue another s... 
Pearson: Survival job not done: Nigel Pearson is refusing to accept that Leicester City have done enough ... 
Fonte: We weren't aggressive enough:  
Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson plays down Premier League survival talk: Nigel Pearson is refusing t... 
Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson demands his side to continue their good form:  
Slow start cost us dearly, says Koeman:  
Leicester 2-0 Southampton - in pictures: Saints had a battle on their hands after Leicester scored two go... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton: Saints lose on the road again: Saints’ poor run of away form continued as they... 
Leicester 2-0 Southampton: Riyad Mahrez double sinks Saints for vital Leicester win: Riyad Mahrez scored ... 
Mahrez double sinks Saints: Riyad Mahrez scored twice as Leicester City bolstered their survival hopes wi... 
REPORT: Leicester City 2-0 Southampton:  
Premier League round-up: Burnley relegated despite Hull victory, Leicester win again:  
Leicester City v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Leicester City in this afternoon's Premi... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Saturday, May 9:  
LIVE: Leicester City vs Southampton:  
Saints go Dutch for pre-season: Saints are planning trips to Austria and Holland as part of their pre-sea... 
Koeman is content to play it cool: Ronald Koeman may be a much calmer character than Nigel Pearson but ha... 
Yoshida wants strong end to the season:  
STAT PACK: Leicester City vs Southampton:  
VACANCY: Security Supervisor:  
VACANCY: Security Officer:  
Leicester v Southampton preview: Team news for Saturday's Premier League clash between Leicester and Sout... 
Pearson pleased by Southampton progress: Leicester manager Nigel Pearson is pleased to see his former clu... 
Barclays Premier League: Leicester City v Southampton team news: David Nugent will return to the Leiceste... 
U18 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Bolton Wanderers:  
Leicester City v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game between... 
Transfer Spotlight: Europe's most wanted goalkeeper being chased by Liverpool, Newcastle, Southampton and... 
Wanyama ready to unleash frustration against Foxes:  
Garmin Big Bike Challenge gets under way:  
Newcastle lead Liverpool and Southampton in 15 team race for Molde goalkeeper Orjan Nyland:  
PREVIEW: Leicester City vs Southampton:  
Koeman fears Southampton FC stars may have been distracted by transfer speculation: Ronald Koeman fears t... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Friday, May 8:  
Saints legend signs up for new massive charity challenge: Saints legend Francis Benali is swapping two le... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Leicester press conference:  
Leicester have renewed confidence, says Koeman:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints focus on Foxes:  
Koeman hopeful on J-Rod's Southampton future: Saints are optimistic that Jay Rodriguez will sign a new co... 
Ronald Koeman confident England duo will sign new deals at Southampton:  
Schneiderlin could make Southampton return: Morgan Schneiderlin could be back in the Saints team before t... 
Arsenal target Morgan Schneiderlin may stay at Southampton: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says he exp... 
Koeman: Schneiderlin to stay: Southampton boss Koeman says he expects Arsenal and Spurs target Schneiderl... 
Saints hopeful on Schneiderlin injury: Southampton are boosted by the news that Morgan Schneiderlin may p... 
Koeman after reaction against the Foxes:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable trips to Leicester:  
Fonte: We must better Leicester's attitude:  
Transfer rumours and paper review - Thursday, May 7:  
Saints legend Kelvin Davis to join the 300 club: Kelvin Davis is set to become only the second goalkeeper... 
Koeman: opening day defeat set foundations for our great season: For all the games Saints have won this s... 
Leicester City tickets sold out:  
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Leicester City:  
Aston Villa tickets sold out:  
Southampton open contract talks with Jay Rodriguez: Saints are understood to have begun fresh contract ne... 
Southampton confident Jay Rodriguez will stay but striker will consider his options: Southampton are conf... 
Bas Dost and Nicklas Bendtner will stay, state Wolfsburg: Wolfsburg director of sport Klaus Allofs says h... 
The Premier League sides who have used the most English players this season:  
Southampton, Newcastle, Swansea and Stoke told Wolfsburg star Bas Dost is not for sale:  
Saints confident over Jay stay: Southampton are confident Jay Rodriguez will commit to a new long-term de... 
Wolfsburg warn clubs off Dost: Wolfsburg director of sport Klaus Allofs says the club are keen to hold on... 
Davis not surprised by Pearson's rise:  
Reports - Stoke City and Southampton chase Serie A forward:  
FLASHBACK: Southampton 2-0 Leicester City (08/11/2014):  
Southampton CEO Rogers named Director of the Year: SAINTS are collecting trophies off the pitch as well a... 
GOSSIP: Koeman chasing a host of strikers: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appearing in... 
Youngsters enjoy Veho Academy experience:  
'Great escape' boss aiming to put Southampton to the sword: Nigel Pearson is hoping to put Saints to the ... 
Clyne 'happy to stay' at Southampton: England defender Nathaniel Clyne says he is "happy to stay at South... 
Manchester United summer target ‘happy to stay at Southampton’:  
Clyne 'happy at Southampton': Nathaniel Clyne says he is happy to stay at Southampton, despite reports li... 
The Indispensables: the Premier League players with the highest win percentages at every club this season:  
Nathaniel Clyne 'happy at Southampton': Nathaniel Clyne says he is happy to stay at Southampton, despite ... 
Season Tickets - don't miss out!:  
Regional Paper Talk: Reward for Mourinho: Chelsea will offer Jose Mourinho a deal extension, Mats Hummels... 
U21 REACTION: Barnes: A disappointing full debut:  
GOSSIP: Saints linked with two stars while Lambert on the move?: A round-up of today's Saints related tra... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Tuesday, May 5:  
Clyne: I'm happy to stay at Southampton: Nathaniel Clyne has given Saints fresh hope that he could yet si... 
Saints need to change their mentality, says Clyne: Saints must change their mentality and be prepared for... 
U21 REACTION: Hunter pleased with second-half showing:  
U21 REPORT: Manchester United 1-0 Southampton:  
LOAN WATCH: Mixed fortunes on final day of Football League:  
THE MIXED ZONE: Duo on defeat to the Black Cats:  
Sunderland 2-1 Southampton: The verdict: When Saints have lost this season it’s very rare you’ve been abl... 
Referee not to blame for defeat – Koeman: Ronald Koeman refused to blame referee Mike Jones for Saints’ d... 
Saints’ road trip troubles are a cause for concern: Ronald Koeman was refusing to rule out catching Liver... 
Saints looking forward after Stadium of Fright defeat: Steven Davis insists Saints are not looking over t... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Sunderland press conference:  
U21 PREVIEW: Manchester United vs Southampton:  
GOSSIP: Southampton line-up new keeper: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appearing in th... 
Alderweireld says Southampton deserved more: Toby Alderweireld felt that Saints should have got at least ... 
MATCH GALLERY: Sunderland spot on as Saints beaten:  
Ronald Koeman believes Southampton's were poor in their 2-1 loss at Sunderland: Southampton manager Ronal... 
Koeman left frustrated: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman criticised his team after the 2-1 defeat at Sun... 
Alderweireld: Our efforts with ten deserved more:  
Koeman frustrated and disappointed after defeat:  
VOTE: Who was Southampton's MoM against Sunderland?: Have your say and vote for your Saints Man of the Ma... 
Sunderland 2-1 Southampton: Koeman frustrated by Saints display: Ronald Koeman admitted his frustration a... 
Sunderland 2-1 Southampton - in pictures: Despite an equaliser from Sadio Mane, Saints suffer a 2-1 defea... 
Sunderland 2-1 Southampton: Ten-man Saints suffer another away day defeat: Saints suffered a fourth away ... 
Sunderland 2-1 Southampton 2-1: Black Cats boost survival hopes: Sunderland gave their survival hopes a m... 
REPORT: Sunderland 2-1 Southampton:  
Massive win for Sunderland: Hope is alive for Sunderland after a brace of Jordi Gomez penalties earned th... 
Sunderland v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Sunderland in this afternoon's Premier Leagu... 
LIVE: Sunderland vs Southampton:  
Davis: Saints determined not to let season fizzle out: Kelvin Davis insists that Saints are determined no... 
City to commemorate Saints' FA Cup win on 40th anniversary next year: Southampton’s 1976 FA Cup winners w... 
AWAY DAY GUIDE: Sunderland vs Southampton:  
Bank Holiday weekend opening hours:  
STAT PACK: Sunderland vs Southampton:  
Advocaat: No repeat: Dick Advocaat says there will be no repeat of the 8-0 drubbing Sunderland suffered w... 
Advocaat targets 'six or seven points' to keep Sunderland in Premier League: Sunderland boss Dick Advocaa... 
Manchester City tickets sold out:  
Ronald Koeman desperate to make his former Holland boss' job harder at Sunderland: Saints boss Ronald Koe... 
TRAINING GALLERY: Getting set for Sunderland:  
Sunderland v Southampton preview: Southampton will be without Morgan Schneiderlin and Dusan Tadic for Sat... 
Adam Johnson back in Sunderland squad to face Saints: Adam Johnson will be included in the Sunderland squ... 
Koeman's delight at Rodriguez's training return:  
Bertrand: The race for Europe is alive:  
Sunderland v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game between Sun... 
U18 PREVIEW: Arsenal vs Southampton:  
Premier League: Sunderland v Southampton team news: Southampton will be without Morgan Schneiderlin and D... 
Merson tips Foxes, backs United &amp; Reds: Paul Merson backs Leicester to edge their vital clash with Newcas... 
Coral Daily Download - Leicester set to drag Newcastle into relegation fight:  
PREVIEW: Sunderland vs Southampton:  
Sunderland tickets still available:  
Fears grow over Schneiderlin's Southampton future: Fears are growing that Morgan Schneiderlin may have pl... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Friday, May 1:  
Koeman happy that Europa battle is a three-way fight: Saints have been buoyed by the prospect of chasing ... 
Saints' upcoming fixtures may not be a dream run-in: Ronald Koeman believes Saints’ upcoming fixtures mig... 
New deadline for Clyne deal: Nathaniel Clyne has been set a fresh deadline to decide on his Saints future. 
Koeman admits it will be harder to keep Schneiderlin this summer: Fears are growing that Morgan Schneider... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Sunderland press conference:  
GALLERY: U21s given the blues by Chelsea:  
U21 REACTION: Chelsea were more clinical, says Hunter:  
U21 REPORT: Southampton 0-2 Chelsea:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
Chelsea are not boring, insists Southampton manager Ronald Koeman:  
Koeman expects very different game:  
Clyne given 10-day deadline: Nathaniel Clyne must decide “in the next 10 days” if wants to stay at Southa... 
Which Premier League defence has contributed the most to their club's goal tally this season?:  
Southampton still talking to Nathaniel Clyne about a new deal: Nathaniel Clyne must decide “in the next 1... 
Tadic ruled out for Southampton's trip to Sunderland: Dusan Tadic will miss tomorrow’s game against Sunde... 
Southampton's Morgan Schneiderlin out for season with knee injury: Southampton’s Morgan Schneiderlin will... 
Schneiderlin out for season: Southampton’s Morgan Schneiderlin will not play again this season due to inj... 
Koeman: Morgan set to miss final four games:  
Southampton suffer injury blow as Morgan Schneiderlin ruled out for remainder of season:  
Southampton midfielder Schneiderlin out for rest of season: Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for th... 
Schneiderlin ruled out for season: Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin will miss the final four ga... 
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable trips to Sunderland:  
GOSSIP: Southampton to target Danish defender if Clyne leaves: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer ... 
Ex-Saints boss Nigel Pearson in 'ostrich' rant after loss: FORMER SAINTS boss Nigel Pearson launched into... 
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Sunderland:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Thursday, April 30:  
U21 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Chelsea:  
Sunderland will be shown respect, says Ward-Prowse:  
VIDEO: Rodriguez returns to first team training: Jay Rodriguez has returned to first team training with Saints. 
Spring/Summer 2015 collection now on sale:  
Rodriguez boost for Southampton: Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez has taken part in full training as he ... 
Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez back in training after injury: Southampton have received a welcome boos... 
VIDEO: Rodriguez steps up injury comeback with training return:  
Rodriguez returns! Southampton star back in full training after year out injured:  
Regional Paper Talk: United eye wing duo: Man United want both Gareth Bale and Memphis Depay, Spurs are h... 
Video: 10 things you didn't know about Gareth Bale:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Jay's back!:  
Le Tissier earns one-club man award:  
Saints stars keep kids smiling with hospital visit: THEY have been putting smiles on the faces of their f... 
Reed backs Southampton to hold on to star names: Les Reed says that Saints have “no intention” of selling... 
Saints set Champions League target: Southampton believe they can be playing in the Champions League withi... 
Subsidised City tickets on sale now:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, April 29:  
Paper Talk: Casillas wants Arsenal switch: Iker Casillas wants to join Arsenal, which could see Real Madr... 
Former Saint looking forward to 90th birthday: Bryn Elliott, the second-oldest surviving Saint, celebrate... 
Liverpool's loss gives Southampton's European hopes a boost: SAINTS' bid for European football got a time... 
Legend Le Tissier honoured by Athletic Bilbao: Former Southampton and England forward Matt Le Tissier has... 
Pelle: New Saints Premier League points record not enough: Graziano Pelle insists that setting a new Prem... 
Are Saints fans more interested in Eastleigh v Pompey derbies next season than Saints v Bournemouth ones ... 
GALLERY: Young patients meet Saints stars:  
Saints visit youngsters at Southampton General Hospital:  
Reed: Saints stars to stay: Southampton will not accept offers for forward Jay Rodriguez or midfielder Mo... 
Les Reed says Jay Rodriguez and Morgan Schneiderlin will not be leaving Southampton this summer: Southamp... 
Exclusive - Southampton chief claims 'signs look good' Nathaniel Clyne will pen new deal:  
Sky Sports pundit Matt Le Tissier to receive Athletic Bilbao award: Southampton legend and Sky Sports pun... 
Top Men: Terry, Willian and Stones feature: John Terry leads three stars from Chelsea in our latest Premi... 
Le Tiss earns Bilbao award: Sky Sports pundit Matt Le Tissier will be honoured for his contribution to fo... 
VOTE: Are Southampton fans pleased about Bournemouth's promotion?: Saints will have a south coast derby b... 
Former Saints star celebrates promotion with Bournemouth: FORMER Saints star Andrew Surman celebrates wit... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Tuesday, April 28:  
Disappointed Davis vows to get on to Saints scoresheet: Steven Davis has revealed his determination to ge... 
Yoshida: Saints ready to take next step into Europe: Maya Yoshida believes Saints are ready to take the n... 
Cherries are up for Saints derbies: SOUTH coast derbies will return to the Premier League next season as ... 
Southampton to subsidise Manchester City tickets: Saints are set to subsidise tickets for the final game ... 
Saints to subsidise final-day City trip:  
TICKETS: Manchester City vs Southampton (24/05/2015):  
Sadio Mane: Europa League participation will take Southampton to the next level:  
Liverpool blow as Sturridge injury could see miss rest of season: Saints' Europa League rivals Liverpool ... 
LOAN WATCH: Frustrating weekend for Saints loanees:  
Ex-Saints pay their respects to Bill Ellerington: There was standing-room only at the Southampton Cremato... 
The Premier League 'Old Player of the Year' for 2014/15 – five contenders:  
COMPETITION: Win a place in the Veho charity match:  
No pain no gain for Alderweireld: TOBY Alderweireld insisted he had no hesitation in putting himself thro... 
Koeman rues lack of clinical finishing: Ronald Koeman was left to rue a lack of clinical finishing as Sai... 
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: The verdict: All the talk of Mauricio Pochettino’s return to St Mary’s somewha... 
THE MIXED ZONE: Trio on Spurs draw:  
An Appreciation: Dave Walker and Ken Birch:  
Southampton sweating over Schneiderlin injury: Saints are hoping to today discover the extent of Morgan S... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Monday, April 27:  
Honest Yoshida: Blame me for two dropped points: Maya Yoshida did not hesitate in shouldering the blame f... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Spurs press conference:  
SEASON TICKETS: Renewal deadline in four weeks:  
'I played despite broken bone': Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld played with a broken bone in his s... 
Chelsea dominate PFA team: Six Chelsea players have been named in the Professional Footballers' Associati... 
Bertrand named in PFA Team of the Year: Saints defender Ryan Bertrand has been included in the PFA Premie... 
Alderweireld played with broken bone in his shoulder: Toby Alderweireld confirmed that he played with a b... 
Hazard, Costa, Terry among six Chelsea players in PFA's Premier League team of the year: Six Chelsea play... 
Bertrand named in PFA Team of the Year:  
Six Chelsea players in Team of Year: Branislav Ivanovic, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic, Eden Haz... 
Chelsea, Liverpool, Man United and Arsenal stars make up PFA Premier League Team of the Year:  
Pelle: We have to believe: Graziano Pelle insists Saints remain positive of qualifying for Europe after y... 
Fonte frustrated not to see off Spurs:  
Villa next up at St Mary's:  
Koeman proud of Saints: Ronald Koeman says he is proud of his players after Southampton's 2-2 draw at hom... 
Ronaldo Koeman proud of Southampton players after Tottenham draw: Ronald Koeman says he is proud of his p... 
MATCH GALLERY: Saints and Spurs share the spoils:  
Toby's pain is Saints' gain:  
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: Poch still loves Saints: Mauricio Pochettino said he still loves Southampton d... 
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: Koeman admits draw disappointment: Ronald Koeman admitted to being “a little b... 
Koeman proud of Southampton players after ‘fantastic’ Spurs game:  
Premier League round-up: Leicester out of bottom three with win at Burnley: Leicester have moved out of t... 
Premier League round-up: Leicester have moved out the bottom three of the Premier League following a 1-0 ... 
Mixed emotions for two-goal Pellè:  
Koeman upbeat after Spurs draw:  
Saints, Spurs share spoils: Graziano Pelle scored twice for Southampton but Tottenham fought back to earn... 
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: Saints twice pegged back to draw on Poch return: Mauricio Pochettino’s St Mary... 
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: Graziano Pelle nets double in entertaining draw: Graziano Pelle scored twice f... 
Southampton 2-2 Tottenham: Saints curse missed chances:  
REPORT: Southampton 2-2 Tottenham Hotspur:  
Southampton v Tottenham: Updates: Updates as Mauricio Pochettino returns to St Mary's for this afternoon'... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Saturday, 25 April:  
Superfan legally changes name to Saints legend Matt Le Tissier: A SAINTS fan has taken his love of the cl... 
Pacy Saints star Mane has always been hard to catch: Ever since he was a kid, Sadio Mane has been hard to catch. 
Saints fans hoping curse of the returning manager strikes again: SAINTS fans will be hoping Mauricio Poch... 
Spurs result could be make or break for Saints: In amongst all the inevitable talk of Mauricio Pochettino... 
LIVE: Southampton vs Tottenham Hotspur:  
Mané: Spurs game important for us:  
Pragmatic Poch looking forward to 'special' return to Saints: Mauricio Pochettino is pragmatic ahead of a... 
Pochettino unfazed by Saints return: Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says he understands if he gets je... 
Clubs to remember Bradford City Fire Disaster victims:  
Tottenham team v Southampton: Lloris to return to first team action?:  
STAT PACK: Southampton vs Tottenham Hotspur:  
Steven Davis hoping Saints can use 'Poch factor' to their advantage: Steven Davis believes the fact so ma... 
Pochettino: I am happy for Southampton's success: Mauricio Pochettino is happy Saints have continued thei... 
Last chance for end of season sale:  
Southampton can outsmart Pochettino and Tottenham, says Steven Davis: Steven Davis believes Southampton c... 
Perry expects good game between Saints and Spurs:  
Vote for the 2014/15 Fans' Player of the Season!:  
Video: Koeman's best bits:  
Mauricio Pochettino delighted with Southampton's progress ahead of St Mary's return with Tottenham:  
WATCH: Ronald Koeman's Tottenham press conference: Watch as Ronald Koeman speaks to the media about the r... 
Davis desperate to end Spurs hoodoo:  
Southampton v Tottenham preview: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is confident of being able to call upo... 
Southampton v Tottenham Hotspur: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game betw... 
U18 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Stoke City:  
Southampton v Tottenham preview: Mauricio Pochettino returns to St Mary's: Mauricio Pochettino returns to... 
Southampton v Tottenham preview: Premier League team news:  
PREVIEW: Southampton vs Tottenham Hotspur:  
Saints star Schneiderlin fined for speeding - AGAIN: STAR Saints player Morgan Schneiderlin has been caug... 
Koeman urges Saints not to leave Europa bid to chance: Ronald Koeman has urged his side not to leave Euro... 
Koeman urges stars to focus on football after Wanyama saga: Ronald Koeman has told his Saints stars to av... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Spurs press conference:  
Koeman: Players can handle pressure of "massive game":  
Premier League Preview Show:  
Koeman warns players over transfers: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman warns his players not to let transfer... 
Europa League hampering Tottenham's top-four goals - Mauricio Pochettino: Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochett... 
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman supports Victor Wanyama over Arsenal link:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints shape up for Spurs showdown:  
'Europa hampering Spurs aims': Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino says the Europa League has not helped t... 
Pochettino uncertain what reception awaits him at St Mary's this weekend: MAURICIO Pochettino does not kn... 
Koeman accepts Wanyama denial: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has accepted Victor Wanyama’s statement ... 
VIDEO: Koeman - Spurs game 'massive' for Saints: SAINTS manager Ronald Koeman says Saints face a "massive... 
Koeman looking forward to 'Koeman day' as Saints fans prepare to wear orange: Ronald Koeman is looking fo... 
Alderweireld could be back for Tottenham: Toby Alderweireld could be fit for Saturday’s game against Tottenham. 
Ronald Koeman: I believe Victor Wanyama over press speculation: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says th... 
Koeman: Stick to our principles against Spurs:  
Regional Paper Talk: Torres exit revelation: Fernando Torres has claimed he left Liverpool on the advice ... 
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable home games against Spurs:  
Le Tissier honoured for loyalty to Southampton... by Athletic Bilbao!: Saints legend Matt Le Tissier has ... 
GOSSIP: Chelsea to offer part exchange for Schneiderlin: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumour... 
Wanyama denies saying Arsenal want to sign him: Saints midfielder Victor Wanyama has reportedly said that... 
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Tottenham Hotspur:  
Celebrating St George's Day with an 'all George' Saints XI: To celebrate St George’s Day, the Daily Echo ... 
Paper Talk: Van Persie snubs United exit: Robin van Persie will snub a move to Turkey, Liverpool want Yan... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Thursday, April 23:  
Koeman and Poch go head to head: There is more than one way to success as a football manager. 
Koeman: Poch return 'special': Ronald Koeman says the return  of  Maurico Pochettino to St Mary's makes S... 
Ronald Koeman says return of Mauricio Pochettino 'special': Ronald Koeman says the return  of  Maurico Po... 
Koeman praises Pochettino ahead of St Mary's clash: Ronald Koeman has praised Mauricio Pochettino’s work ... 
Pre-order the Spurs edition of SAINTS:  
VACANCY: Communications Assistant:  
LOAN WATCH: Stephens and Turnbull enjoying Swindon spell:  
REVEALED: The size of Southampton's support around the world: Ever wondered how well supported Saints are... 
PFA Young Team of the Year: Which players would make the XI?:  
Best Premier League winning streaks this season – surprising order!:  
Regional Paper Talk: Janmaat in demand: Liverpool, Manchester United and Southampton will battle for Newc... 
Saints play down Pochettino return: Midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin says the return of ex-Southampton mana... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Wednesday, April 22:  
Saints striker Sam can be the next Harry Kane: THE man who discovered Sam Gallagher is backing the Saints... 
McCarthy and his U21 team-mates are proof Saints Way works: Saints under-21 captain Jason McCarthy believ... 
Chelsea showing good value: Chelsea are one of the top Premier League teams in terms of performance compa... 
Young Southampton duo sign first pro contracts: Saints academy graduates Will Wood and Armani Little have... 
Chelsea showing good value in performance and wage stakes: Chelsea are one of the top Premier League team... 
It's official - Saints are the Premier League's over-achievers: SAINTS are the club punching heaviest abo... 
Wood &amp; Little pen pro deals:  
Fonte: All focus on "massive game":  
Manchester United transfer rumours: summer signing latest – Depay, Hummels, Khedira and more:  
U21 REACTION: McCarthy grateful for fans' backing:  
U21 GALLERY: Saints celebrate cup success:  
Confirm your place at the Player Awards:  
Seager: One of the best goals of my life!:  
Campaign hots up to turn St Mary's orange and help Saints march on to Europe: LET'S turn St Mary's orange. 
Southampton FC striker Sam Gallagher hails 'unbelievable' feeling after hammering U21 Cup final winner at... 
U21 GALLERY: Sam's the man as Saints crowned champions:  
Southampton under-21 boss Hunter delighted at his side's Premier League Cup glory night: Saints under-21 ... 
U21 REACTION: Gallagher's delight at cup-winning wondergoal:  
U21 REACTION: Hunter hails Saints' spirit:  
Sam Gallagher the hero as Southampton U-21's win Premier League Cup: Sam Gallagher’s mesmerizing winning ... 
Gallagher wins cup for Saints: Sam Gallagher’s mesmerizing winning goal handed 10-man Southampton the Und... 
Southampton U21s 2-1 Blackburn Rovers U21s: Saints took on Blackburn Rovers in the second leg of the Unde... 
Gallagher wonder goal sees Southampton win dramatic Cup final: Sam Gallagher’s outstanding decisive strik... 
REPORT: Southampton 2-1 Blackburn Rovers (Under-21 Premier League Cup final second leg):  
Southampton Under-21s v Blackburn: Live Cup final: Saints host Blackburn in the final of the Under-21s Pr... 
Fan banned for Wenger confrontation: A football fan who confronted Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger during his ... 
U21 PREVIEW: Striker Seager hungry for final goal:  
GOSSIP: Southampton plan double Newcastle raid: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appeari... 
Stoke City 2-1 Southampton: The verdict: RONALD Koeman has been right about a lot of things this season, ... 
Pellè wishes Under-21s well in cup final:  
LOAN WATCH: Winless weekend for Saints loanees:  
Ex-Southampton trio named in 'Team of the Decade': Three former Saints players have been included in the ... 
U21 PREVIEW: McCarthy relishing Rovers return:  
Villa tickets on sale to eligible supporters:  
Leicester City tickets on general sale:  
Transfer rumours and paper review - Monday, April 20:  
Southampton U21s boss urges fans to cheer team onto glory: Martin Hunter has urged Saints fans to get to ... 
Southampton FC striker Ryan Seager targets Under-21 silverware and 20 goals for the season: Saints goal m... 
Unlikely twist in Saints' hopes of playing European football next season: SAINTS’ hopes of playing Europe... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Stoke City press conference:  
Jose Fonte: Now the focus is all on Poch's return: Jose Fonte insists Saints’ focus has already switched ... 
U21 PREVIEW: McQueen keen to continue cup form:  
U21 PREVIEW: Hunter demands focus ahead of final clash:  
RETAIL: Free postage and packaging ends tonight:  
Schneiderlin: Southampton not giving up on Champions League: Morgan Schneiderlin insists Saints are not g... 
Stoke 2-1 Southampton: Ronald Koeman says Champions League dream is over: Ronald Koeman admitted Southamp... 
Koeman: Champions League gone: Ronald Koeman admitted Southampton's Champions League dreams are all but o... 
Stoke City 2-1 Southampton: Good news on Alderweireld injury: Saints are hopeful that Toby Alderweireld w... 
Stoke City 2-1 Southampton: Koeman finds defeat hard to take: Ronald Koeman said it was “difficult to acc... 
Schneiderlin: We deserved more for our efforts:  
Schneiderlin: We deserved more for our efforts:  
Britannia defeat harsh on Saints, says Koeman:  
Britannia defeat harsh on Saints, says Koeman:  
Adam strike pegs back Saints: Southampton's dreams of European football took a blow as Stoke rallied with... 
Stoke 2-1 Southampton - in pictures: Despite Morgan Scneiderlin drawing first blood at Britannia Stadium,... 
Stoke City 2-1 Southampton: Saints let lead slip to lose: Saints’ hopes of reaching the top four faded fu... 
REPORT: Stoke City 2-1 Southampton:  
Premier League round-up: Leicester off bottom with Swansea victory, while West Brom and Everton win:  
Stoke 2 Southampton 1: Charlie Adam's late strike pegs back Saints European bid: Southampton's Champions ... 
Sales soar for Southampton under-21s: Saints have sold in excess of 7,500 tickets for the Under-21s Premi... 
Stoke City v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Stoke City in this afternoon's Premier Leagu... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Saturday, April 18:  
Saints star Pelle puts the dark days behind him: When it comes to Saints’ hopes of qualifying for the Cha... 
LIVE: Stoke City vs Southampton:  
Pellè keen to push on from Hull strike:  
Premier League: Stoke v Southampton team news: Victor Wanyama and Filip Djuricic will miss Southampton's ... 
Paul Merson's predictions: Chelsea will settle for draw against Man Utd: Paul Merson believes Chelsea wil... 
AWAY DAY GUIDE: Stoke City vs Southampton:  
STAT PACK: Stoke City vs Southampton:  
WATCH: Koeman previews Southampton's trip to Stoke: Watch what Saints manager Ronald Koeman had to say in... 
Stoke v Southampton preview: Victor Wanyama and Filip Djuricic will miss Southampton's Premier League enc... 
Allardyce backs Koeman for manager of the year award: Saints boss Ronald Koeman deserves to be named Prem... 
Hughes urges Stoke to prove themselves against Southampton: Stoke boss Mark Hughes believes tomorrow’s cl... 
Buy in advance for U21s Final:  
Ronald Koeman says Southampton can still reach Champions League IF they win final six games:  
Everyone wants to beat us now, says Alderweireld:  
Stoke City v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game between Sto... 
Koeman: Southampton need to win last six for Champions League: Ronald Koeman insists Saints’ Champions Le... 
PREVIEW: Stoke City vs Southampton:  
Stoke tickets remain available:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Friday, April 17:  
Koeman won't take Stoke for granted: Ronald Koeman is taking nothing for granted against Stoke tomorrow –... 
I never doubted I'd score - Pelle: Southampton's Italy international striker Graziano Pelle says he never... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Stoke City press conference:  
Koeman: Stoke will not make it easy for us:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
Former Saints boss Redknapp: I’ve still got plenty to offer: Former Saints manager Harry Redknapp feels h... 
Koeman fears Clyne may go but expects Rodriguez to stay: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says it will be d... 
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints plot for Potters hat-trick:  
Bill Ellerington funeral date set: The funeral of Saints legend Bill Ellerington will take place next week. 
Southampton players snubbed in PFA awards: Saints might have enjoyed a sensational season in the Premier ... 
Koeman fears Clyne may leave: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says it will be difficult to keep hold of Na... 
Ronald Koeman accepts Southampton will struggle to keep a hold of Nathaniel Clyne this summer:  
Koeman gives Clyne deadline to sign: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says Nathaniel Clyne's future needs t... 
Koeman not focusing on potential record points haul:  
"Proud" Koeman tells Saints stars he wants more: Ronald Koeman says he is “proud” of Saints’ record equal... 
WATCH: Koeman - Saints expect tough game at Stoke: SAINTS manager Ronald Koeman says Stoke City's mid-tab... 
Koeman admits it will be difficult to keep Clyne as J-Rod returns: Ronald Koeman is optimistic of keeping... 
Players who have committed the most fouls in the Premier League revealed:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable trips to Stoke:  
GOSSIP: Southampton monitoring QPR star: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours making headlin... 
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Stoke City:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Thursday, April 16:  
Paper Talk: Chelsea eye Valencia swoop: Chelsea will axe Oscar and move for Enner Valencia, while Man Uni... 
Clyne move is not a done deal: Saints have NOT agreed a deal to sell Nathaniel Clyne to Manchester United... 
Will Surman make St Mary's return with Cherries?: FORMER Saints star Andrew Surman is on the verge of a s... 
Hunter urges Saints U21s to seize the day for cup final glory: Martin Hunter has told his players to seiz... 
Surman: Saints can still make Champions league: Former Saints midfielder Andrew Surman insists the Champi... 
Bid now on match-worn Saints Foundation shirts:  
Most fouled player in the Premier League revealed:  
Time running out for special experience at Saints game: TIME is running out for Saints fans to take advan... 
LOAN WATCH: Wins all round for loanees:  
Southampton fans voting for Lovren as Liverpool player of the season: A Twitter campaign created by Saint... 
Koeman urges Saints to stay focused on Stoke game: Ronald Koeman has urged Saints to stay focused on this... 
GALLERY: Garmin Big Bike Challenge riders meet Saints trio:  
Aston Villa tickets on sale from Monday:  
TICKETS: Southampton vs Aston Villa - 16/05/2015:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, April 15:  
Saints trio quizzed at Garmin Big Bike Challenge event:  
GOSSIP: Manchester United plan swap deal for Southampton's Clyne: A round-up of the Saints-related transf... 
Sunderland tickets on general sale:  
REVEALED! The Premier League’s set-piece specialists in 2014/15 so far:  
Show your support at the U21s cup final second leg:  
We March On! Saints hits the ocean floor to show depth of support: One man who is backing them to cross t... 
Clyne: Champions League is the next step for me: Southampton right-back Nathaniel Clyne believes the Cham... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Tuesday, April 14:  
Bertrand desperate for more international action: RYAN Bertrand is desperate for more international actio... 
Hunter: We fancy our chances of winning U21 cup: Saints coach Martin Hunter is confident his side are wel... 
Ryan Bertrand out to convince Roy Hodgson of his England merits: Southampton left-back Ryan Bertrand is d... 
Bertrand looking to impress: Southampton left-back Ryan Bertrand is determined to impress England boss Ro... 
U21 GALLERY: Finely poised after first-leg stalemate:  
U21 REACTION: It's in our hands now, says Targett:  
Hunter: All back to our place!:  
REPORT: Blackburn Rovers 0-0 Southampton (Under-21 Premier League Cup final first leg):  
Southampton edge closer to Under-21 Cup glory: Saints remain on course for glory in the Under-21 Premier ... 
Joy for young Saints fan with heart condition after club lays on free tickets for Hull win: A YOUNG Saint... 
FAN GALLERY: Supporters enjoy Tigers success:  
Southampton star 'flattered' by interest from Man United and Liverpool:  
THE MIXED ZONE: Trio on Tigers triumph:  
LOAN WATCH: Duo help Swindon return to winning ways:  
Southampton 2-0 Hull: The Verdict: There is still so much for Saints to play for this season, so it was s... 
Clyne's Champions League dream: Nathaniel Clyne says he wants to play Champions League football after bei... 
Nathaniel Clyne: I want to play in Champions League: Nathaniel Clyne says he wants to play Champions Leag... 
Foxes tickets on sale to eligible supporters now:  
Saints get a half-time rocket as Koeman becomes Mr Angry: Ronald Koeman admitted he got angry for the fir... 
Koeman put Saints star on the spot: Ronald Koeman is hoping he will not have to intervene again to ensure... 
Practice makes perfect as Ward-Prowse breaks league duck: JAMES Ward-Prowse ensured practice made perfect... 
Pelle backed to get on goal roll: Graziano Pelle has been backed for a potential scoring run after finall... 
Saints U21s boss on the hunt for cup glory: Saints under-21s boss Martin Hunter is hoping to take his sid... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Hull City press conference:  
PREVIEW: Blackburn Rovers vs Southampton (Under-21 Premier League Cup Final):  
TWEET ALL ABOUT IT: Southampton vs Hull City:  
Alderweireld focused on last six games: Toby Alderweireld is ignoring the background noise about his futu... 
Alderweireld focused on Europe: Toby Alderweireld insists he is not thinking about his future and is focu... 
Toby Alderweireld happy at Southampton and targeting Europe: Toby Alderweireld has played down the latest... 
MATCH GALLERY: Saints tame Tigers:  
A huge weight off Ward-Prowse's shoulders:  
Koeman: Big day for Ward-Prowse: Ronald Koeman believes James Ward-Prowse's first ever goal in the Premie... 
Ronald Koeman: Southampton penalty important for James Ward-Prowse: Ronald Koeman believes James Ward-Pro... 
Premier League round-up: Leicester stun West Brom and Bolasie scores a hat-trick:  
Comfortable second half pleases Koeman:  
Southampton 2-0 Hull: Koeman 'didn't recognise' Saints side: Ronald Koeman was relieved to see Saints get... 
Southampton 2-0 Hull City - in pictures: Check out our picture gallery from Saints v Hull. 
Southampton 2-0 Hull: Ward-Prowse and Pelle hit goal trail as Saints climb to fifth: James Ward-Prowse an... 
Hull trouble after Saints double: James Ward-Prowse and Graziano Pelle struck as Southampton beat Hull 2-... 
REPORT: Southampton 2-0 Hull City:  
Southampton blow as Wanyama banned: Victor Wanyama is facing a two game ban after collecting his tenth bo... 
Southampton x-x Hull::  
Clyne: We'll fight for top four: Nathaniel Clyne is happy with his form this season and says Southampton ... 
Nathaniel Clyne says that Southampton will keeping fight for a top-four place: Nathaniel Clyne is happy w... 
Southampton v Hull: As it happens: Update and chat as Saints take on Hull in the Premier League at St Mary's 
LIVE: Southampton vs Hull City:  
Fonte keen to continue Alderweireld partnership: Jose Fonte admits that he wants to continue his partners... 
Saints will face Hull 'without fear': Captain Jose Fonte is preparing to make his 200th league appearance... 
Fast start suits Fonte:  
Davis won't be swayed by triple-century target:  
Southampton v Hull preview: Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of Saturday's Barcla... 
STAT PACK: Southampton vs Hull City:  
MATCHDAY GUIDE: Hull City:  
Southampton v Hull team news: Southampton midfielder Filip Djuricic has been ruled out of Saturday's Barc... 
RETAIL: Free postage and packaging next week:  
Player Awards 2014/15 date confirmed:  
Reports - Chelsea move for top Premier League star coveted by Arsenal and Tottenham:  
Southampton v Hull City: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game between Sout... 
Saints to wear special Foundation shirts:  
Koeman: Respect has cost us: Ronald Koeman insists Southampton's goals have dried up due to their Premier... 
Ronald Koeman says Southampton have earned more espect: Ronald Koeman insists Southampton's goals have dr... 
Hull will be 'no walkover', warns Davis:  
Regional Paper Talk: Saints fear over duo: Ronald Koeman fears Southampton may lose Morgan Schneiderlin a... 
U18 PREVIEW: Blackburn Rovers vs Southampton:  
Koeman hopes Southampton will hold on to Schneiderlin and Clyne: RONALD Koeman admits it will be difficul... 
PREVIEW: Southampton vs Hull City:  
PREDICT THE SCORE: Southampton vs Hull City:  
Saints face fight to keep Clyne: Manager Ronald Koeman says Southampton will fight to keep England right-... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Hull City press conference:  
Koeman: Our home games will be crucial:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints prepare to tame Tigers:  
Koeman: Focus on Europa League: Ronald Koeman says it is all about the Europa League for Southampton and ... 
Premier League Preview Show:  
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman targets Europa League: Ronald Koeman admits that Southampton’s chances ... 
Lack of goals bothering Saints' Fonte: Southampton captain Jose Fonte admits his failure in front of goal... 
Koeman admits Southampton's Champions League chances are remote: Ronald Koeman admits Southampton's chanc... 
Koeman: We must focus on ourselves:  
Forget about Manchester United! PSV star Memphis Depay urged to stay in Holland:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable home games against Hull:  
Southampton Under-21s final date confirmed: Saints Under-21s will face Blackburn Rovers in the second leg... 
GOSSIP: Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal 'considering' swoop for Southampton’s Morgan Schneiderlin ... 
U21S TICKETS: Southampton vs Blackburn Rovers - 20/04/2015:  
Leicester City tickets on sale from Monday:  
TICKETS: Leicester City vs Southampton - 09/05/2015:  
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Hull City:  
Matt Le Tiss a big hit down under after Saints megafan's birthday surprise: HE IS the Saints footballing ... 
'Set a Saints record in memory of legend Bill!': JIM Steele is backing Saints to set a new St Mary’s reco... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Thursday, April 9:  
Ticket prices for U21s cup final confirmed:  
Spurs tickets sold out:  
Pre-order the Hull City edition of SAINTS:  
Eastleigh rivals lose former Saints boss Paul Sturrock after just four days: Eastleigh's Vanarama Confere... 
Tickets limited for Hull City fixture:  
LOAN WATCH: Duo suffer defeat at Bristol City:  
Tributes to Saints legend Bill Ellerington: Francis Benali has joined Saints fans in paying tribute to cl... 
No room for error in Saints' Euro bid - Benali: Francis Benali admits there is no room for error as Saint... 
Travel to Sunderland for 1p a mile!:  
TICKETS: Sunderland vs Southampton - 02/05/2015:  
Dates confirmed for U21s cup final:  
Further reductions in store and online:  
LOAN WATCH: Mixed success over Easter for loanees:  
GOSSIP: Euro giants' interest in Southampton star: TWO European giants are said to be chasing one of the ... 
Ex-Saint Puncheon 'hit by sweet' thrown from crowd: FORMER Southampton winger Jason Puncheon was hit by a... 
2015/16 Season Tickets now on sale:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Tuesday, April 7:  
Will Koeman recall Saints' most lethal attacker?: Sadio Mane could be set for a recall as Saints aim to e... 
Slattery captains England U16s to Montaigu success:  
Southampton's legendary Bill Ellerington dies aged 91: A FORMER Saints and England footballer - long cons... 
Saints under-21 slip to defeat: Saints under-21s failed to complete a remarkable comeback as they were be... 
An Appreciation: Bill Ellerington:  
UNDER-21 REACTION: Hunter rues slow start:  
U21 REPORT: Sunderland 3-2 Southampton:  
Rodgers denies Liverpool are mentally weak: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists his side are not me... 
Regional Paper Talk: WBA want quick sale: West Brom have set interested parties a deadline to complete a ... 
THE MIXED ZONE: Duo on Toffees defeat:  
Everton 1-0 Southampton: The Verdict: Consistency. 
Season Tickets on sale on Tuesday:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Monday, April 6:  
Superior Saints did not create enough - Fonte: Jose Fonte insisted Saints were far better than Everton – ... 
James Ward-Prowse won't give up on Saints top-four hopes: James Ward-Prowse is not giving up on the top f... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Everton press conference:  
GOSSIP: Man City lining up £20m bid for Southampton youngster: Manchester City are lining up a huge £20m ... 
U21 PREVIEW: Sunderland vs Southampton:  
Alderweireld: It just wasn't our day:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Sunday, April 5:  
MATCH GALLERY: Mersey misery as Saints lose at Goodison:  
Ward-Prowse in Hodgson's plans: Southampton midfielder James Ward-Prowse is a "big prospect" who is part ... 
Premier League round-up: Man United leap-frog City, QPR win away and Leicester boost survival hopes:  
Koeman defiant in defeat: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman insists they will not give up on a Champions Lea... 
We'll take positives despite Everton loss, insists Ward-Prowse:  
Everton 1-0 Southampton: Koeman rues result but not Saints display: Ronald Koeman insisted he was disappo... 
Everton 1-0 Southampton: Saints dealt Euro blow with Goodison defeat: Saints’ European hopes were dealt a... 
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman defiant after Everton defeat: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman praised his p... 
Everton 1-0 Southampton: Phil Jagielka goal lifts Toffees clear of danger: Phil Jagielka’s first-half goa... 
Jagielka goal lifts Everton: Phil Jagielka’s first-half goal was enough for Everton to beat Southampton 1... 
Koeman: We deserved more:  
REPORT: Everton 1-0 Southampton:  
Everton 1-0 Southampton::  
Everton v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Southampton take on Everton in this afternoon's Premier League... 
Ward-Prowse wants to replicate England form:  
Saints star shows off matching Ferraris for dad and daughter: SAINTS star Ryan Bertrand has taken to soci... 
Ward-Prowse targets first league goal for Saints: JAMES Ward-Prowse believes his first Premier League goa... 
Martinez hails Saints as 'revelation of the season': Everton manager Roberto Martinez has hailed Saints a... 
LIVE: Everton vs Southampton:  
Man Utd can finish above City - Mata: Manchester United's Juan Mata says they can overhaul Manchester Cit... 
AWAY DAY GUIDE: Everton vs Southampton:  
STAT PACK: Everton vs Southampton:  
GOSSIP: Pelle linked with move out of Southampton, Kante with move in: The Daily Echo brings you a round-... 
Koeman: Champions League unlikely: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits qualification for the Champio... 
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admits top-four spot is unlikely: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman adm... 
Pellè out to repay fans' faith:  
Everton v Southampton preview: Team news for Saturday's Premier League clash between Everton and Southamp... 
Everton v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game between Everto... 
Hampshire business founded by ex-Saints chairman in £46m takeover: ONE of Hampshire’s major businesses ha... 
Everton v Southampton team news: Romelu Lukaku faces fitness test: Everton striker Romelu Lukaku will hav... 
Southampton suffer Alderweireld blow amid Atletico admission: Southampton's hopes of signing Toby Alderwe... 
PREVIEW: Everton vs Southampton:  
Arsenal humiliated and Chelsea hero returns – talkSPORT Premier League quiz:  
The race for the Golden Gloves – top five goalkeepers ranked by clean sheets this season:  
Atletico want Alderweireld back: Southampton's hopes of signing Toby Alderweireld have been hit after Atl... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Friday, April 3:  
Koeman targets European reinforcements: Ronald Koeman is keen to boost his squad numbers and sign some mo... 
New keeper "an option" for Southampton: Ronald Koeman has admitted signing a new keeper this summer is a ... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Everton press conference:  
Rodriguez set to step up Southampton training next week: Jay Rodriguez could start some work with the fir... 
Koeman expects attractive encounter:  
Centuries for Vince and Carberry: THERE were centuries for Michael Carberry and James Vince on the openin... 
Premier League Preview Show:  
Atletico 'counting on' Alderweireld for next season: Atletico Madrid's sporting director has said the clu... 
Ronald Koeman unsure of Fraser Forster return date for Southampton: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is ... 
Italian giants identify Southampton striker as prime summer transfer target:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints train for Toffees trip:  
Southampton's game against Aston Villa picked for TV: Saints' home game against Aston Villa next month ha... 
Steven Davis is Southampton's only doubt for Everton: Steven Davis is a doubt for Saints’ trip to Everton... 
Saints' last match of season rescheduled: by Jack Rosser 
Koeman: Players have returned full of confidence:  
Koeman: Rodriguez could play in four or five weeks: Jay Rodriguez could be ready to play again in four or... 
Premier League trio chase Caen star Ngolo Kante:  
Koeman in the dark on Forster: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is still in the dark over when Fraser Fo... 
Home clash with Villa moved for TV:  
The most accurate Premier League passers this season revealed!:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable trips to Everton:  
Lukaku rated 50-50 for Southampton clash: Everton top scorer Romelu Lukaku will face a fitness test tomor... 
GOSSIP: Southampton 'join race' for Real Madrid star: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours a... 
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Everton:  
Saints keeper Kelvin chases post-war record: Kelvin Davis is on course to join an exclusive Saints club t... 
TRAINING GALLERY: The boys are back in town:  
Van Gaal nominated for award: Louis van Gaal has been nominated for the Barclays Premier League Manager o... 
Koeman nominated for manager of the month - again!: Ronald Koeman could be set for a hat-trick of Premier... 
The Premier League's most wasteful strikers revealed!:  
Koeman nominated for monthly award:  
Manchester United's Louis Van Gaal one of four nominees for Manager of the Month: Manchester United manag... 
2015/16 Season Tickets: The golden numbers:  
Regional Paper Talk: Spurs' Lloris hope: Spurs are confident of keeping Hugo Lloris this summer, while Ne... 
Megastore and Ticket Office Easter opening times:  
Southampton could lose Mane as Portuguese giants plot summer swoop:  
FLASHBACK: Southampton 3-0 Everton:  
Saints legend Benali hits out at Hodgson's use of Ryan Bertrand: SAINTS legend Francis Benali hit out at ... 
Saints striker Graziano Pelle: I hope I repaid the faith shown in me: The goals may have dried up at club... 
Southampton striker Graziano Pelle continues great start to international career: SAINTS striker Graziano... 
Most popular Premier League shirt names revealed:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, April 1:  
Quiet day for unused trio:  
England goalscorer Andros Townsend happy to be repaying Roy Hodgson's faith after Italy equaliser:  
Italy 1-1 England: Late Townsend stunner ensures spoils shared in Turin:  
GALLERY: Battle of the Saints ends level:  
Alderweireld's Belgium victorious in Israel:  
Pellè scores as England and Italy draw:  
Townsend leveller denies Saints striker Pelle international friendly winner: ANDROS Townsend equalised la... 
Southampton legend Matt Le Tissier set for Countdown appearance: Saints legend Matt Le Tissier will swap ... 
Tickets selling fast for Hull City:  
VACANCY: Sales Executive (Matchday Hospitality):  
VACANCY: Lead Youth Development Phase Coach:  
Bick doesn't "trust" what he's seen of Southampton's figures: Football financial expert David Bick has to... 
Le Tissier to compete on Countdown: Former England forward Matt Le Tissier reveals that he will compete i... 
Southampton will reap further financial rewards if they reach Europe: If Saints meet their ambitions by f... 
We can perform at the top, says Ward-Prowse:  
An appreciation: Angus Moffat:  
Southampton reveal season ticket prices for 2015/16: SOUTHAMPTON have announced their season ticket price... 
Southampton's £33.4m profit announced: Southampton have announced a £33.4m profit - as exclusively reveal... 
Southampton post £33.4m profit for financial year ending June 30, 2014: Champions League-chasing Southamp... 
2015/16 Season Ticket prices announced:  
Southampton announces £33m profit: Southampton announces a £33.4m profit in 2014 - with figures not inclu... 
Southampton post big profits: Champions League-chasing Southampton have revealed profits of £33.4m for th... 
Nine Saints set for international action:  
2013/14 financial results released:  
Saints ace Alderweireld aiming for the top: Toby Alderweireld is the only Saints player in Euro 2016 qual... 
Saints defenders prepare for possibility of Pelle showdown: Ryan Bertrand could be handed a first England... 
Saints midfielder James Ward-Prowse is England hero: Saints midfielder James Ward-Prowse ruined Philipp H... 
Ward-Prowse scores the winner for England U21s:  
Southampton striker Graziano Pelle starts for Italy against England in Turin: Southampton striker Grazian... 
Pelle picked to face England: Southampton striker Graziano Pelle has been handed a start for Italy in the... 
Wanyama expecting tough Toffees test:  
Long: Ireland can reach Euro 2016: Saints striker Shane Long is convinced qualification for the Euro 2016... 
Was this Southampton's finest ever youth team?: It was perhaps one of the finest youth teams Saints have ... 
Ward-Prowse set for England U21 action: James Ward-Prowse is set to be in action for the England Under-21... 
Long's delight at Irish rescue act:  
GOSSIP: Southampton set sights on new keeper: A round-up of the Saints-related transfer rumours appearing... 
Spurs tickets on sale to eligible supporters:  
Ward-Prowse set for Germany test:  
Southampton skipper Jose Fonte earns Euro 2016 qualifying bragging rights over two club colleagues: Jose ... 
Southampton striker Shane Long is Republic of Ireland's goal hero in Euro qualifier: SAINTS striker Shane... 
Young Saints trio all complete 90 minutes as England U20s beat America: THE three Saints players in the E... 
Long earns Republic of Ireland a point:  
Fonte's Portugal beat Tadic and Djuricic's Serbia:  
Davis features in Northern Ireland success:  
Targett withdraws from England U21s squad:  
Saints trio help Young Lions to victory:  
Southampton FC star Toby helps Belgium to Euro 2016 qualifying goal romp: TOBY Alderweireld played the wh... 
Video: Manchester United and Chelsea stars shine for Belgium in huge win:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Sunday, March 29:  
TWEET ALL ABOUT IT: Saints at Wembley:  
U18 REACTION: Barnes relieved to be back among the goals:  
MARCH AS ONE: Be part of it:  
Ten players set for Sunday games:  
Liebherr loans Saints another £20m: Southampton owner Katharina Liebherr strengthens her commitment to th... 
Southampton to reveal first profit since administration: Saints are set to report a profit for the first ... 
Alderweireld and Mané enjoy international success:  
U18 REACTION: Limbrick happy with last-gasp win:  
GALLERY: Saints at Wembley - Final glory:  
REPORT: Southampton 4-1 Carlisle United (JPT Final):  
Danny Welbeck out of England game v Italy, Ryan Bertrand called up: England manager Roy Hodgson has confi... 
Bertrand earns England call-up:  
UNDER-18 REPORT: Southampton 2-1 Norwich City:  
Welbeck out of Italy clash: Roy Hodgson has confirmed Danny Welbeck will miss England's friendly in Italy... 
Saints at Wembley: Where are they now?:  
Four Saints in action on Saturday:  
Crunch time for Davis in Euro battle: Steven Davis and Northern Ireland are hoping to take a giant step t... 
Saints teammates on collision course: Dusan Tadic admits it will be a strange experience to find himself ... 
Hammond: JPT was catalyst for Southampton success: It was five years ago today that Saints lifted the Joh... 
Saints ace Targett wins on England debut: Matt Targett made his England under-21 debut as Gareth Southgat... 
Saints star handed England call up: England manager Roy Hodgson has called up uncapped Saints defender Ry... 
GALLERY: Clyne wins third England cap:  
Clyne keeps it clean with England: NATHANIEL Clyne enjoyed a shut out as England continued their march to... 
Targett and Ward-Prowse help England U21s win:  
Tottenham transfer news: Top defender targets for the summer!:  
Arsenal's goal hero, Liverpool's hot-head midfielder and Man United's shy striker – Premier League quiz:  
U18 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Norwich City:  
Yoshida helps Japan to victory: Saints defender Maya Yoshida played the full game as Japan beat Tunisia 2... 
GALLERY: Saints at Wembley - Route to the final:  
Targett set for Czech Republic test:  
Top 10: Potential Championship loan stars: We pick the 10 Premier League players most likely to make an i... 
SEASON TICKETS: Be in that number:  
Saints stars to feature on Friday:  
Southampton FC legend Francis Benali: Why Ryan Bertrand deserves an England call: Saints legend Francis B... 
Schneiderlin's France beaten by Brazil:  
Sims stars in England U18 win: Saints winger Josh Sims played the first 81 minutes of England Under-18s 1... 
Sims helps England Under-18s to friendly win:  
Morgan Schneiderlin may leave Southampton if top-four bid fails: Morgan Schneiderlin has reiterated his d... 
Premier League's richest footballers of 2014 revealed:  
Wanyama excited for the challenge ahead:  
WATCH: Seven of the funniest Ronald Koeman press conference moments: Ronald Koeman doesn't have a press c... 
Schneiderlin eyes summer move: Morgan Schneiderlin has reiterated his desire to leave Southampton if they... 
Schneiderlin wants Champions League next season: Morgan Schneiderlin wants to play Champions League footb... 
Schneiderlin and Sims set for international action: Morgan Schneiderlin and Josh Sims will today become t... 
International tests for Schneiderlin and Sims:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Thursday, March 26:  
Saints stars make international appearances from bench: THERE was disappointment for Saints star Steven D... 
Davis and Reed in international action:  
TRAINING GALLERY: The hard work continues at Staplewood:  
Fraser Forster ruled out for the season: Fraser Forster is out for the season – and possibly as long as a... 
Blow for Southampton! Injured Forster out for the rest of the season:  
Forster faces lengthy absence: Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster has been ruled out for the remainder... 
Fraser Forster faces lengthy absence in injury blow for Southampton: Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forste... 
Forster undergoes successful surgery on knee injury:  
Saints' Forster ruled out for season: Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster will miss the rest of the sea... 
Southampton eyeing bargain £1million deal for Braga striker:  
The Premier League’s most successful tackler of 2015 revealed:  
Places limited in hospitality:  
Young Saints cook up a storm:  
Saints quintet in international action:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, March 25:  
Saints superbly placed to cope with work permit changes: Saints are superbly placed to cope with the stri... 
Alderweireld - Saints must aim for Champions League, not settle for Europa: Toby Alderweireld insists tha... 
Saints star Steven Davis to lead out Northern Ireland: Steven Davis will lead Northern Ireland out in a f... 
WATCH: Elia takes on Koeman at 'football table tennis': Saints winger Eljero Elia has been taking on mana... 
Alderweireld: My future is not in my hands: Toby Alderweireld has again reiterated his future is not in h... 
Manchester United transfer news: Darmian, Walker and more right-backs linked:  
Alderweireld eyes Spurs move: On-loan Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld would welcome the chance to ... 
Toby Alderweireld eyes Tottenham move: On-loan Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld would welcome the c... 
Inter Milan issued warning over Everton and Southampton defensive target:  
Spurs tickets on sale from Monday to eligible supporters:  
TICKETS: Southampton vs Tottenham Hotspur - 25/04/2015:  
10 things only a Southampton FC fan would understand: Check out our list of ten things that only a Saints... 
Revealed! How the Premier League table would look based on away form only:  
Follow our international Saints:  
Saints' best defence: Saints are on course for their finest defensive season of the post-war era – and th... 
Saints' international brigade ready for action: Saints have seen 19 players leave the club this week for ... 
Win a Veho box experience:  
LOAN WATCH: Isgrove starts in Wednesday win:  
Stoke City tickets on sale to eligible Season Ticket holders:  
Southampton 2 Burnley 0: Saints get their swagger back: RONALD Koeman appeared to be playing down Saints’... 
Pelle 'thinking too much' over goal chances: Ronald Koeman praised Graziano Pelle’s all-round performance... 
Koeman keeps a lid on great expectations: Ronald Koeman played down his side’s Champions League chances a... 
Davis: I won't let Saints down: Kelvin Davis insists he will be a happy man if his return to action prove... 
Southampton club captain Davis backed to step into Forster breach: Kelvin Davis has been backed to perfor... 
Southampton's Cropper named in USA squad: Saints keeper Cody Cropper has been named in the senior United ... 
Cropper gets the call for USA friendlies:  
TWEET ALL ABOUT IT: Southampton 2-0 Burnley:  
Saints' win over Burnley makes Chelsea draw even better: Steven Davis believes Saints’ win against Burnle... 
Saints unable to recall Boruc: Saints will not be able to recall Artur Boruc from his loan spell at Bourn... 
Southampton keeper Kelvin Davis says memories came 'flooding back' on return: Southampton goalkeeper Kelv... 
Emotional day for keeper Davis: Southampton goalkeeper Kelvin Davis admits his return to first-team actio... 
Saints keeper Forster forced to withdraw from England squad: SAINTS keeper Fraser Forster has been forced... 
GOSSIP: Saints ponder Richards move: The Daily Echo brings you a round-up of the transfer stories making ... 
Fonte full of praise for Kelvin Davis:  
U18 REACTION: Willard's delight at bagging brace:  
MARCH AS ONE: Banners up:  
Kelvin Davis: Southampton fans inspired me: Kelvin Davis said the reception he received from the Saints f... 
England boss Roy Hodgson add trio to his squad for European Qualifier: England manager Roy Hodgson has ad... 
Bertrand overlooked by England - again!: Ryan Bertrand has again been overlooked for the latest England s... 
Kelvin Davies ready for spell in Southampton team after Fraser Forster injured: Kelvin Davies says he is ... 
MATCH GALLERY: Saints leave Clarets feeling blue:  
Davies ready to be No 1: Kelvin Davies says he is ready to wear the No 1 jersey at Southampton should Fra... 
Southampton striker Pelle gets Italy call: Saints striker Graziano Pelle has kept his place in the Italy ... 
Long: Three points all-important:  
Davis happy to contribute to Burnley win:  
Koeman: The perfect way to celebrate:  
Forster injury leaves England short: Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster's knee injury leaves England s... 
Premier League round-up: Kane hits hat-trick as Spurs beat Leicester in thriller, and Arsenal win again:  
Southampton 2-0 Burnley: Koeman's perfect present but fear for Forster: Ronald Koeman said a win over Bur... 
Southampton 2-0 Burnley: Long on song for super Saints: Shane Long repaid Ronald Koeman’s faith in him by... 
Southampton 2-0 Burnley: In pictures: Pictures from Saints' victory over Burnley at St Mary's Stadium. 
Southampton keeper Forster taken to hospital: Fraser Forster has been taken to hospital with suspected kn... 
England and Southampton keeper Fraser Forster stretchered off: England could be facing a goalkeeping cris... 
Forster worry for England: England goalkeeper Fraser Forster was stretched off during Southampton's match... 
Southampton ?-? Burnley::  
Premier League round-up: Referee Neil Swarbrick sent off the wrong man in red carding West Bromwich Albio... 
Southampton v Burnley: Updates: Updates as Southampton host Burnley in this afternoon's Premier League ma... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 21.: Saints on this day, March 21. 
Meet the man who was told he'll never walk again - who's now trekking miles for charity: A HAMPSHIRE man ... 
LIVE: Southampton vs Burnley:  
Saint Wanyama won't change the way he plays: Victor Wanyama will not change his physical approach, despit... 
Saints star Tadic 'needs to shoot more': Ronald Koeman believes Dusan Tadic is returning to top form agai... 
More Saints join international ranks: A host of additional Saints stars have been selected for internatio... 
Liverpool or Manchester United? How will Dick Advocaat get on? Ten questions for the weekend: After a mis... 
Be in that number - 2015/16 Season Ticket news coming soon:  
Toby Alderweireld insists it is imperative Southampton beat Burnley: Southampton defender Toby Alderweire... 
Alderweireld: Victory a must: Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld insists it is imperative his side ta... 
Gape feels right at home with Saints:  
Seager: This is the best place for me:  
Liverpool v Man United 2015: Premier League quiz ahead of Anfield meeting:  
Southampton forward Mane picked for Senegal: Sadio Mane is in the Senegal squad for their friendly away t... 
Saints youngsters pen new deals: Saints have moved to extend the contracts of two more promising youngsters. 
Elia misses out on Holland's final list: Saints winger Eljero Elia has missed out on making the final Net... 
Tadic and Djuricic set for showdown with Fonte: Dusan Tadic and Filip Djuricic have been confirmed in Ser... 
Seager and Gape extend Saints deals:  
Tadic and Djuricic in Serbia squad:  
Tottenham transfer news: Pochettino to target these quality youngsters in the summer?:  
Southampton v Burnley: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game between Southa... 
Toby eyes revenge against the Clarets:  
Alderweireld receives Belgium call-up:  
U18 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Newcastle United:  
PREVIEW: Southampton vs Burnley:  
Southampton v Burnley preview: Southampton are able to welcome back Eljero Elia for Saturday's Premier Le... 
Alderweireld gets Belgium call: Toby Alderweireld has been named in the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016... 
Southampton v Burnley preview: Southampton can keep up the pressure on their fellow top four contenders w... 
GOSSIP: Tottenham eye Southampton trio: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours appearing in the media today. 
Southampton v Burnley preview: Southampton can keep up the pressure on their fellow top four contenders w... 
EX Saints star arrested after dressing room bust up: A former Saints star has been arrested after a dress... 
Ings exclusion comes as no surprise for Dyche ahead of Saints clash: Burnley manager Sean Dyche was not s... 
Saints fan Vokes hoping for fairytale ending to injury nightmare: Sam Vokes is hoping for a fairytale end... 
Long must wait to see if he keeps place in Saints side: Shane Long has won praise from Ronald Koeman but ... 
'Bertrand's day will come' after England squad snub for Saints star: Ronald Koeman has told Ryan Bertrand... 
Koeman: Saints face 'Mission Impossible': Ronald Koeman has branded the 2015 fixture schedule as “impossi... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Burnley press conference:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
RETAIL: End of season sale:  
Koeman: We know what to expect from Burnley:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Burnley build-up:  
Pelle reaction pleases Koeman: Ronald Koeman says he has seen a reaction from Graziano Pelle after droppi... 
Fonte and Schneiderlin get international calls: Jose Fonte and Morgan Schneiderlin have been called up fo... 
Graziano Pelle could be heading for quick Southampton recall: Ronald Koeman says he has seen a reaction f... 
Southampton defender Matt Targett selected for England U21 squad: England U21 boss Gareth Southgate has c... 
Koeman: The players have got their confidence back:  
England U21 call for Targett: England U21 boss Gareth Southgate has called Southampton’s Matt Targett int... 
Saints closing in on European football: Ronald Koeman believes that Saints are only five or six wins away... 
Elia fit for Southampton return: Eljero Elia is fit to return to the Saints squad to face Burnley on Saturday. 
Reed, Stephens and Turnbull earn England U20s call:  
Fonte to join up with Portugal squad:  
Targett earns first England Under-21s call-up:  
Southampton defender Matt Targett called into England Under-21 squad:  
Southampton FC defender Matt Targett wins first England Under-21 call: Saints defender Matt Targett has b... 
France call-up for Schneiderlin:  
Forster and Clyne in England squad:  
Bertrand suffers England snub: Ryan Bertrand has been overlooked by Roy Hodgson for the England squad to ... 
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable home games against Burnley:  
Stat attack! The Premier League’s most creative players in 2015:  
Transfer rumour: Former Man United and Liverpool target Martin Odegaard linked with Southampton:  
GOSSIP: Southampton chase Real Madrid wonderkid: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours making headlin... 
Yoshida receives Japan call-up:  
Yoshida called up by Japan: Maya Yoshida has been selected by Japan for their matches against Tunisia and... 
PHOTOS: Saints fans through the years: The Daily Echo has compiled a gallery of Saints fans in years gone... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Thursday, March 19:  
Koeman preparing to wave goodbye to Saints stars: Ronald Koeman will again be waving goodbye to a host of... 
Saints considering living wage for employees: SOUTHAMPTON Football Club is considering adopting the livin... 
Chelsea result has given us fresh belief, says Saints ace Davis: Steven Davis believes Saints are in grea... 
England D-day for Saints defender Bertrand: RYAN Bertrand will today find out whether he has joined Natha... 
Southampton winger Lloyd Isgrove joins Sheffield Wednesday on loan: Southampton winger Lloyd Isgrove will... 
Isgrove makes Wednesday switch: Southampton winger Lloyd Isgrove will spend the rest of the season at She... 
Pre-order the Burnley edition of SAINTS:  
Isgrove joins Sheffield Wednesday on loan:  
Owls sign Saints midfielder Isgrove: Sheffield Wednesday sign Southampton midfielder Lloyd Isgrove on loa... 
Isgrove joins Sheffield Wednesday on loan: Saints winger Lloyd Isgrove has joined Sheffield Wednesday on loan. 
Fonte: Let's not waste the point at Chelsea:  
Clyne confident of Champions League spot: Nathaniel Clyne insists Saints are “really confident” of finish... 
Southampton and England defender Nathaniel Clyne targets top-four finish: Southampton and England defende... 
'Sign Schneiderlin; buy Kane for £10m!' – Arsenal fans on how Wenger should spend his budget:  
Clyne 'confident' of top four: Southampton and England defender Nathaniel Clyne is 'confident' Ronald Koe... 
Show us your celebrations:  
Premier League penalty kings: Teams with best success rate of all-time revealed:  
VACANCY: Senior Graphic Designer:  
Southampton winger Sims in England U18 squad: Saints winger Josh Sims has been selected for the England U... 
Sims included in England U18s squad:  
VACANCY: Business Development Executive:  
Exclusive - France star would be 'perfect' for Arsenal, claims Invincible:  
Wanyama walking yellow card tightrope for Saints: Victor Wanyama is walking a disciplinary tightrope as h... 
Fonte: 'Saints' point at Chelsea worthless if we don't beat Burnley': Saints captain Jose Fonte insists t... 
Southampton defender Clyne goes back to school: Nathaniel Clyne has gone back to school to help launch th... 
TICKETS: Stoke City vs Southampton - 18/04/2015:  
Stoke City away on sale from next week:  
Ronaldo, Pogba, and Bale? Check out Manchester United’s top ten summer transfer targets:  
Koeman focus on Southampton: Ronald Koeman is ready to coach one of the biggest clubs in Europe, but his ... 
Koeman 'ready' for top job: Ronald Koeman would love to manage Barcelona and believes he is ready for a t... 
Isgrove signs new Southampton deal: Academy graduate Lloyd Isgrove has signed a two-year contract extensi... 
Premier League Southampton: Ronald Koeman content despite ambition: Ronald Koeman would love to manage Ba... 
VACANCY: Casual Youth Workers:  
Isgrove's delight at new deal:  
VACANCY: Casual Assistant Development Centre Coach (Swindon):  
New Saints deal for Isgrove: Southampton midfielder Lloyd Isgrove has signed a new two-year contract exte... 
Southampton youngster Lloyd Isgrove signs two-year contract extension:  
Isgrove signs new Southampton deal: Southampton midfielder Lloyd Isgrove signs a new two-year contract ex... 
Southampton midfielder Lloyd Isgrove signs contract extention: Southampton midfielder Lloyd Isgrove has s... 
Isgrove signs two-year contract extension:  
Man United transfer news: Why Nathaniel Clyne is perfect for Old Trafford:  
U21 GALLERY: Saints see off Liverpool at Staplewood:  
U21 GALLERY: Saints see off Liverpool at Staplewood:  
Sunderland appoint Advocaat as manager: Sunderland have appointed Dick Advocaat as their new boss until t... 
Win a Saints shirt!: The Daily Echo is giving one fan the chance to win a Saints shirt! 
COMMENT: Long proves his worth in central striker role: Shane Long has been itching for a chance to prove... 
Long: Keep me up front: Shane Long is desperately hoping Ronald Koeman will stick with him up front after... 
We're back on track for Champions League - Bertrand: Ryan Bertrand believes Saints’ Champions League drea... 
Saints defeat Liverpool: James Ward-Prowse and Florin Gardos played the full 90 minutes as Saints defeate... 
Reds extend advantage over Saints: Liverpool extended their advantage over Saints in the race for Champio... 
U21 REACTION: We were made to work hard, says Hunter:  
U21 REPORT: Southampton 2-0 Liverpool:  
TWEET ALL ABOUT IT: Chelsea 1-1 Southampton:  
FAN GALLERY: Superb support at the Bridge:  
Davis named in Northern Ireland squad:  
Former Southampton defender joins New York Red Bulls: Former Saints defender Wayne Thomas has joined New ... 
Poyet sacked by Sunderland: Gus Poyet has been sacked by Sunderland, with just nine games of their falter... 
LOAN WATCH: Success for quartet with temporary clubs:  
GOSSIP: Clyne to reject Southampton deal: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours making the headlines ... 
VIDEO: Southampton's Forster reacts to Chelsea draw: Saints keeper Fraser Forster hailed a "fantastic tea... 
THE MIXED ZONE: Quintet on the draw at Chelsea:  
Ryan Bertrand delighted after return to his old club: Ryan Bertrand admitted it was a strange experience ... 
Forster: We showed we can compete with the best:  
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: The verdict: A point against Chelsea was important for Saints - but perhaps not ... 
Hull City tickets on sale now:  
Paper Talk: Falcao keen to stay in PL: Radamel Falcao wants to stay in the Premier League this summer and... 
U21 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Liverpool:  
Forster hailed by Southampton teammates: Saints keeper Fraser Forster was hailed by his teammates after h... 
Koeman backs ref on Chelsea v Saints decisions: Ronald Koeman backed referee Mike Dean after he awarded S... 
Southampton's draw at Chelsea a victory for Koeman choices: Saints’ draw at Chelsea was a victory for Ron... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Chelsea press conference:  
It's Benali's big bash!: SAINTS legend Francis Benali swapped his running gear for a smart black suit as ... 
Burnley up next for Saints:  
Morgan hails performance at the Bridge:  
Hill praises Spitfires despite Barnet defeat: Eastleigh manager Richard Hill confessed his side weren’t a... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: Tadic wanted spot-kick responsibility: Dusan Tadic revealed he was desperate to ... 
Bosses at odds over ref calls: Ronald Koeman and Jose Mourinho had different views about Mike Dean's perf... 
Jose Mourinho and Ronald Koeman disagree over Mike Dean's calls: Ronald Koeman and Jose Mourinho had diff... 
Forster: We were fantastic: Fraser Forster says his confidence is high after winning man of the match as ... 
MATCH GALLERY: Saints spot on at the Bridge:  
Tadic happy to help earn point at Chelsea:  
Fraser Forster: Southampton can kick on after Chelsea draw: Fraser Forster says his confidence is high af... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: Mourinho insists key decisions went against side against Saints: Chelsea boss Jo... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: Koeman backs Saints belief: Ronald Koeman believes that Saints’ draw at Chelsea ... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: Saints hold the Blues at the Bridge: Saints held Premier League leaders Chelsea ... 
Mourinho: Chelsea have 'very good' situation in Premier League despite draw with Southampton:  
Forster: Chelsea draw will inspire Southampton in Champions League race:  
Koeman: A very positive result:  
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton - in pictures: Saints bag themselves a well deserved point at Stamford Bridge aft... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: Fraser Forster stars as league leaders held: Chelsea crept rather than motored a... 
Forster stars as Chelsea held: Fraser Forster stopped Chelsea going eight clear at the top of the Premier... 
Chelsea 1-1 Southampton: Forster keeps Saints' Champions League hopes alive:  
REPORT: Chelsea 1-1 Southampton:  
Chelsea v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on Chelsea in this afternoon's Premier League matc... 
LIVE: Chelsea vs Southampton:  
Alderweireld eyes Chelsea scalp:  
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman defends Chelsea's Jose Mourinho: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has def... 
Koeman defends Mourinho: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has defended under-fire Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho. 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Chelsea press conference:  
AWAY DAY GUIDE: Chelsea vs Southampton:  
Saints appoint new Director of Scouting &amp; Recruitment:  
Southampton snap up Huddersfield's Wilson: Ross Wilson has been appointed as Southampton’s new director o... 
Mourinho promises changes for Saints clash: Jose Mourinho has vowed Chelsea will respond from their Champ... 
STAT PACK: Chelsea vs Southampton:  
U18 REPORT: Fulham 3-0 Southampton:  
Southampton legend Matt Le Tissier believes top-half finish is 'phenomenal':  
Djuricic: No pressure on us:  
Pelle and Costa both in midst of goal droughts: GRAZIANO Pelle won’t be the only striker desperate to end... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Saturday, March 14:  
PREVIEW: Chelsea vs Southampton:  
We look forward to a "fantastic challenge", says Koeman:  
Koeman: There's no good time to face Chelsea: Ronald Koeman has dismissed the theory that Saints are faci... 
Saints' away days in Davos forge bonds: Ronald Koeman believes there might be a few bruised egos in the S... 
Alderweireld: Southampton can shock Chelsea: Saints qualifying for the Champions League might seem like a... 
Alderweireld: Southampton don't need Champions League to keep me: Toby Alderweireld would be happy to sta... 
Bertrand: Business as usual:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints prepare for Bridge battle:  
Huge blow for Tottenham and Man City! Belgian ace is loving life at Southampton:  
Alderweireld: I would like to stay at Southampton: Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld has said he wou... 
Southampton feel benefit of Davos trip despite mishaps: Ronald Koeman believes there might be a few bruis... 
Koeman wants sharper Saints: Ronald Koeman believes his Southampton side need to be more clinical in fron... 
Premier League quiz questions that will have you screaming like a bunch of Chelsea babies:  
Ronald Koeman believes Southampton need to be sharper up front: Ronald Koeman believes his Southampton si... 
Chelsea v Southampton team news: Jose Mourinho will resist wholesale changes for Chelsea's Premier League... 
Alderweireld wants to stay at Saints: Southampton's on-loan defender Toby Alderweireld would like to rema... 
Chelsea v Southampton preview: Jose Mourinho will resist wholesale changes for Chelsea's Premier League c... 
Koeman: Trip away has set us up perfectly:  
Ryan Seager wins under-21 award: Young Saints striker Ryan Seager has won the first ever Barclays Under-2... 
Chelsea v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Sunday's Premier League game between Chelsea ... 
Exclusive - Nathaniel Clyne: Southampton out to stun 'tired' Chelsea and prove top four credentials:  
Seager wins inaugural U21 accolade:  
Coral Daily Download - Tottenham to increase the pressure on Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal?:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable trips to Chelsea:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Friday, March 13:  
Will Bertrand's return to Chelsea boost the Saint's England recall hopes?: Ryan Bertrand will make an emo... 
Chelsea v Southampton preview:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Chelsea:  
REVEALED: The Premier League sides performing better and worse than last season:  
Terry: Chelsea must be at their best to beat Southampton: Chelsea captain John Terry expects Saints to pl... 
Race for the Champions League: Who has the nicest fixtures?: Saints face one of the simplest run-ins – on... 
Southampton can grab historic opportunity: As this season enters the final furlong, Saints are moving inc... 
SEASON TICKETS: Register your interest now:  
Shane Long in Ireland's provisional squad: Saints striker Shane Long has been named in the provisional Re... 
Sign up to Saints Foundation's 2015 skydive:  
GOSSIP: Southampton face competition for Austin: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours appearing acro... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Thursday, March 12:  
Ron's Saints can grab historic opportunity: As this season enters the final furlong, Saints are moving in... 
Fixture run-in looks fairly kind to Euro-chasing Saints: The Echo's sports team look into their crystal b... 
WATCH: Artur Boruc shows off his dancing moves: It’s Artur Boruc – but as you’ve never seen him before. 
Oldest Premier League starting line-ups so far this season:  
The 16 most profitable football club academies in Europe:  
Hull City tickets on general sale next week:  
TICKETS: Southampton vs Hull City - 11/04/2015:  
IN PICTURES: Morgan Schneiderlin's Saints career so far: HE has been a mainstay of the Saints team for ye... 
Elia on Holland's preliminary list: Saints winger Eljero Elia could be on the verge of playing for Hollan... 
Elia named in preliminary Holland squad:  
GOSSIP: Southampton target Charlie Austin: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours appearing in the res... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, March 11:  
Top seven players most frequently cautioned for simulation in the Premier League:  
Davis: Trip away ticked every box:  
Paper Talk: Alderweireld set for Spurs: Toby Alderweireld is set to join Spurs this summer, James Milner ... 
HOSPITALITY: Availability reducing for remaining fixtures:  
GOSSIP: Man United and Real Madrid star linked with Southampton ahead of sales: Manchester United striker... 
LOAN WATCH: Duo help Robins return to winning ways:  
VACANCY: Head of Catering Operations:  
VACANCY: Senior Administration Officer:  
Help Saints march on to Europe: LET’S get St Mary’s rocking again! 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Tuesday, March 10:  
Clock ticking on Schneiderlin future?: Morgan Schneiderlin believes he has become a better player for sta... 
U21 REACTION: We were poor, admits Hunter after Norwich loss:  
Southampton youngsters slip to Norwich defeat: Saints’ under-21 were not able to take their cup form back... 
UNDER-21 REPORT: Norwich City 2-0 Southampton:  
10 footballers as kids – can you guess who they are?:  
Schneiderlin: No contact with Arsenal: Morgan Schneiderlin has revealed that he has not been in contact w... 
Southampton star Morgan Schneiderlin rubbishes Arsenal transfer claim:  
Everton on sale to eligible Season Ticket holders now:  
Paper Talk: Schneiderlin eyes Saints exit: Morgan Schneiderlin has said he expects to quit Southampton in... 
Sadio Mane's winners could mean Saints recoup his transfer fee: Sadio Mane is set to repay his transfer f... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Monday, March 9:  
Saints midfielder James Ward-Prowse helps boost cancer charity: SAINTS star James Ward-Prowse helped rais... 
Ending goal drought will eases Saints' nerves says Tadic: Dusan Tadic hopes Saints will now relax in fron... 
GOSSIP: Saints eye new striker and Clyne replacement: A round-up of today's transfer gossip, including a ... 
Alderweireld unsure of future: Southampton's on-loan defender Toby Alderweireld admits he has no idea whe... 
Toby Alderweireld unsure of Southampton future and predicts hectic summer: Southampton's on-loan defender... 
Former Saints striker announces retirement: Former Saints striker David Connolly has announced his retire... 
UNDER-21 PREVIEW: Norwich City vs Southampton:  
Connolly hangs up his boots: AFC Wimbledon striker David Connolly has announced his retirement from footb... 
Connolly hangs up his boots: AFC Wimbledon striker David Connolly has announced his retirement from footb... 
MARCH AS ONE: Line up together:  
Transfer rumours and paper review - Saturday, March 7:  
March As One:  
Saints on slippery slopes for team-building trip: The Saints players hit the slopes in Davos yesterday, a... 
GALLERY: Southampton try out Nordic skiing:  
The Premier League’s 15 hardest working players – average distance covered per game in 2014/15:  
Local schools to represent Saints:  
U21 GALLERY: Saints see off Rams to reach final:  
Southampton take to the Swiss mountains: After spending the day on the ice yesterday, the Saints players ... 
U21 REACTION: We'll be ready, insists skipper McCarthy:  
WATCH: Shane Long sings 'No Woman, No Cry': Saints striker Shane Long is not just a talented footballer, ... 
GOSSIP: Southampton to offer Schneiderlin huge new deal: A round-up of today's Saints transfer rumours ap... 
Southampton's Second Chance programme hailed ahead of England Schools' appearance at Eastleigh: Sparsholt... 
Seager and Gallagher send goal reminder to Southampton boss Koeman: Ryan Seager and Sam Gallagher sent a ... 
GALLERY: Saints stars give ice hockey a try:  
Half-price sale on all replica kit:  
U21 REACTION: A fantastic feeling, says Seager:  
U21 REACTION: Hunter's praise for final-bound Saints:  
Seager's 14 minute hat-trick seals Southampton Cup final spot: If a lack of goals in first team matches h... 
U21 REPORT: Southampton 4-2 Derby County:  
Southampton under-21s v Derby under-21s - Live: Updates as Southampton take on Derby in the semi-final of... 
Saints deserve more media respect: Southampton FanZoner Ben Stanfield hits out at the sections of the med... 
How the Premier League table would look if the season began in 2015:  
Enjoy informal executive box hospitality:  
The Premier League table: Final positions and points predicted for top seven:  
Saints U21s' route to the semi-final:  
PHOTOS: Southampton in Switzerland: Saints have begun their team-building trip to Switzerland, in the spe... 
GOSSIP: Southampton chasing Rayo striker Alberto Bueno: A round-up of the Saints transfer rumours appeari... 
TICKETS: Everton vs Southampton - 04/04/2015:  
Elia still believes Saints can make top four: “We believe always in the top four.” 
Saints U21s aiming for cup final spot tonight: Ryan Seager wants to top off a memorable few weeks by taki... 
Will Saints U21s compete for Football League Trophy?: SAINTS under-21s could end up competing in the tour... 
Saints slip back to sixth after tonight's Premier League matches: SAINTS have slipped to sixth in the Pre... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Palace press conference:  
U21 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Derby County:  
Bravo! The 10 least dirty defenders in the Premier League revealed:  
Support Saints U21s at St Mary's:  
James Ward-Prowse reckons Southampton will use a short Swiss break productively: Southampton midfielder J... 
FAN GALLERY: Supporters help Saints march on:  
VIDEO: Ward-Prowse on Southampton pivotal win: Southampton have jetted off to Switzerland for a break ahe... 
Southampton FC under-21s to play in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy?: SAINTS under-21s could end up competin... 
Ward-Prowse: Ideal preparation for ten massive games:  
THE MIXED ZONE: Tadic, Elia and Mané on Palace win:  
Southampton 1-0 Crystal Palace: The verdict: Sometimes it doesn’t matter how a goal comes, just so long a... 
Southampton enjoying benefits of Dutch shopping trips, claims Yoshida:  
Trip away will provide perfect boost, says Koeman:  
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 4.: Saints on this day, March 4. 
Southampton keep tabs on Rayo Vallecano hotshot:  
Sadio Mane the hero as Southampton FC end goal drought with massive victory over Crystal Palace: Sadio Ma... 
Koeman delighted that Southampton are off for a team bonding trip in the snow: Saints jet off to Switzerl... 
Southampton boss Koeman a relieved man after crucial win he didn't feel his side deserved: Ronald Koeman ... 
Former Southampton boss Pardew furious Palace weren't awarded a penalty: FORMER Saints boss Alan Pardew i... 
MATCH GALLERY: Super Mané:  
Victory pleases Mané more than his goal:  
Southampton 1-0 Crystal Palace: Koeman hails "key" win: Ronald Koeman believes Saints’ win over Crystal P... 
Pardew: We deserved more: Alan Pardew praised his Crystal Palace players in defeat at Southampton, claimi... 
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew believes his side deserved more in defeat at Southampton: Crystal Palace ... 
Koeman: A key moment in our season:  
Koeman: Saints can regain form: Ronald Koeman hailed Southampton's last-gasp 1-0 win over Crystal Palace ... 
Ronald Koeman has backed Southampton to regain form after crucial win over Crystal Palace: Ronald Koeman ... 
Premier League round-up: Aston Villa out of bottom-three with dramatic derby win:  
Southampton 1-0 Crystal Palace: Mane ends Saints' drought: Saints’ goal drought was finally ended, as Sad... 
Southampton 1 - 0 Crystal Palace - in pictures: Sadio Mane snagged Saints the full three points with his ... 
Southampton 1-0 Crystal Palace: Sadio Mane's late strike keeps Saints in the hunt for fourth: Southampton... 
REPORT: Southampton 1-0 Crystal Palace:  
Mane strike lifts Southampton: Sadio Mane struck late at St Mary's to give Southampton a crucial 1-0 vict... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 3.: Saints on this day, March 3. 
Southampton v Crystal Palace: Updates: Updates as Saints host Crystal Palace in tonight's Premier League ... 
Palace lose captain for Southampton clash: Crystal Palace captain Mile Jedinak will miss the Saints Premi... 
Regional Paper Talk: Spurs target Horn: Tottenham are monitoring German keeper Timo Horn as a potential H... 
Exclusive - Former Southampton star Le Tissier considers Countdown application:  
Support Saints with poster in today's Daily Echo: It was meant as a bit of fun as part of the Daily Echo’... 
The Premier League’s seven richest billionaire owners revealed! Can you guess the order?:  
LIVE: Southampton vs Crystal Palace:  
Coral Daily Download - Crystal Palace to shock Southampton?:  
PREVIEW: Southampton vs Crystal Palace:  
Schneiderlin targets top-four finish: Midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin believes Southampton can still finis... 
MATCHDAY GUIDE: Southampton vs Crystal Palace:  
Why could this Hampshire pub have a red and white makeover?: A HAMPSHIRE pub could be painted red and whi... 
Déjà vu for Morgan:  
Koeman backs Southampton to start scoring again: Ronald Koeman has backed Saints to start scoring again a... 
Schneiderlin: Southampton's Champions League dream is alive: Morgan Schneiderlin insists Saints' Champion... 
Koeman unsure if Rodriguez will return this season: Ronald Koeman is unsure whether Jay Rodriguez will pl... 
Southampton heading to Switzerland for team-building trip: Saints are set to jet off for a snowy break in... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's pre-Palace press conference:  
Southampton to seek answer on Clyne's future: Saints will attempt to ascertain the future of Nathaniel Cl... 
Long glad to be back after injury lay-off:  
How you can help Southampton end their Premier League goal drought: HERE is your chance to help Saints en... 
Southampton v C Palace preview: Key Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld is available to face Crystal P... 
Southampton v C Palace preview: Key Southampton defender Toby Alderweireld is available to face Crystal P... 
We're up against a confident side, says Koeman:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Preparing for Palace:  
Revealed! The top flight’s longest serving clubs:  
5 key facts from Koeman ahead of Southampton v Crystal Palace: Saints manager Ronald Koeman today held a ... 
Palace tickets available:  
Koeman: Top four still possible: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says the club can still qualify for th... 
Southampton manager Koeman targets five wins for Europe: Ronald Koeman is targeting five wins from Saints... 
Former Southampton star Alan Shearer to be honoured with a statue: FORMER Saints star Alan Shearer is to ... 
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says Premier League top four still possible: Southampton manager Ronald Ko... 
Southampton v Crystal Palace: Preview followed by live coverage of Tuesday's Premier League game between ... 
Fonte urges Saints to 'just shoot': Southampton's Jose Fonte urges his side to take more shots in order t... 
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable home matches against Crystal Palace:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable home matches against Crystal Palace:  
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Crystal Palace:  
LOAN WATCH: Frustrating week for Saints loanees:  
West Brom 1-0 Southampton: The verdict: Read chief sports writer Adam Leitch's final verdict on Saints' 1... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, March 2.: Saints on this day, March 2. 
THE MIXED ZONE: Yoshida and Long on Baggies loss:  
Koeman silent on Southampton striker Pelle’s goal drought: Ronald Koeman refused to discuss the form of G... 
Long: Pelle will come good: Shane Long has backed striker Graziano Pelle to come good, despite the Italia... 
Southampton boss Koeman defends system failure: Saints boss Ronald Koeman defended his decision to start ... 
Cold water poured over Southampton’s European hopes: It wasn’t just Saints’ Champions League hopes that h... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-West Brom press conference:  
Season Ticket Holder survey:  
Saints goalkeeper Fraser Forster sends jokey text to 'time waster' Ben Foster: SAINTS shot stopper Fraser... 
Fonte: Tuesday is massive: Southampton defender Jose Fonte has issued a rallying call after Saints lost 1... 
Jose Fonte rallies Southampton after West Brom defeat: Southampton defender Jose Fonte has issued a rally... 
Yoshida: We all take responsibility for lack of goals: Maya Yoshida insists Saints’ recent lack of goals ... 
Former Pompey defender wants a career in politics: EX-Pompey footballer Sol Campbell has indicated he is ... 
March As One:  
West Brom 1-0 Southampton: Fonte urges players to keep faith: Jose Fonte has urged the Saints players to ... 
'West Brom are time-wasters': Southampton manager Ronald Koeman thinks West Brom's time-wasting was "too ... 
West Brom 1-0 Southampton: Koeman never thought top four finish realistic: Ronald Koeman says he never th... 
Ronald Koeman says West Brom's time wasting was 'too much': Southampton manager Ronald Koeman thinks West... 
West Brom 1-0 Southampton: Saints' European hopes take another blow: Saints’ European hopes took another ... 
West Bromwich 1 - 0 Saints - in pictures: After conceeding an early goal, Saints failed to find the back ... 
VIDEO: Saints linked with move for French star: SOUTHAMPTON are reported to be preparing a bid for a Fren... 
West Brom v Southampton: Updates: Updates as Saints take on West Bromwich Albion in this afternoon's Prem... 
Saints star Mane is most-frequently-fouled player in Premier League: SADIO Mane can expect one thing if h... 
Ryan's agonising wait over at last: Saints defender Ryan Bertrand is ready to put the most agonising peri... 
City chef offers unique support to help Saints march into Europe: NO ARMY can march on an empty stomach –... 
Koeman must work his magic on Saints attack: Ronald Koeman has made Saints’ defence a force to be reckone... 
Koeman dismisses Europa League criticism: Ronald Koeman has dismissed criticisms of the Europa League and... 
Saints' opponents 'in a dogfight' to stay up: West Brom head coach Tony Pulis says his team is still in a... 
Like our new Facebook page dedicated to Saints: If you want all the very latest Saints news direct in you... 
Koeman: Two massive games: Manager Ronald Koeman believes the next two matches could define Southampton’s... 
West Brom v Southampton preview: West Brom will assess top scorer Saido Berahino ahead of the visit of So... 
Ronald Koeman braced for crucial games against West Brom and Crystal Palace: Manager Ronald Koeman believ... 
Down memory lane - do you remember these great Southampton wins at West Brom?: SAINTS visit West Bromwich... 
Southampton star Alderweireld back in training: Saints defender Toby Alderweireld was back on the trainin... 
West Bromwich Albion v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game b... 
PL pre-match stats: History favours Reds: We have stats ahead of every PL game, including details of Live... 
West Brom v Southampton preview: Sadio Mane could start Southampton's Premier League clash at West Brom o... 
GOSSIP: Now Chelsea are being linked with summer move for Southampton FC star Nathaniel Clyne: SAINTS sta... 
A question of Saints - how well do you know your club?: Your daily Saints quiz, February 27 2015. 
Paper Talk: Wenger handed Â£50m warchest: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger will be given a £50m warchest in the... 
Watch former Southampton FC star Dejan Lovren misses penalty as Liverpool crash out of Europa League: Liv... 
Crunch time for Saints' Euro dreams: Ronald Koeman believes the next two games will be vital to Saints’ E... 
Happy birthday to you  - February 27: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Ron backs Pelle to overcome goal drought: Ronald Koeman has emphasised top scorer Graziano Pelle’s import... 
Ronald Koeman urges Southampton to bounce back against West Brom: Ronald Koeman has urged Southampton to ... 
Koeman eyes Southampton response: Ronald Koeman has urged Southampton to bounce back from their defeat to... 
Press conference digest: Koeman previews Southampton v West Brom: Ronald Koeman talks West Brom, lack of ... 
Alderweireld set to miss Southampton's game at West Brom but Mane available: Toby Alderweireld will not b... 
GOSSIP: Southampton FC flop Dani Osvaldo in trouble with new club Boca Juniors already: SAINTS flop Dani ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Barton set for chop: QPR could release Joey Barton in the summer, while Paul Scholes... 
GOSSIP: Manchester United set for swift Clyne bid: Manchester United will make a bid for Saints defender ... 
Paper Talk: United target Clyne move: Manchester United are preparing to move for full-back Nathaniel Cly... 
Elia in race against time to be fit for "must-win" Baggies clash: Saints winger Eljero Elia hopes to be f... 
Southampton star Elia helps children give racism the boot: Saints star Eljero Elia has helped schoolchild... 
Regional Paper Talk: Trio eye Donsah: Arsenal, Manchester City and Tottenham are monitoring Cagliari star... 
Ex-Southampton manager Adkins is fans' favourite for Coventry job: FORMER Saints boss Nigel Adkins has to... 
COMMENT: Goal drought threat to Southampton's Euro hopes: IT is a worrying statistic. 
Paper Talk: De Gea set for United stay: David De Gea looks set to sign a new deal to remain at Manchester... 
Dell favourites to visit city schoolchildren to crackdown on football racism: THREE Saints legends will b... 
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman's striking dilemma: RONALD Koeman is facing a huge striking dilemma as ... 
Lunch with Saints legend: Tickets are available for a lunch with Saints legend Matt Le Tissier on March 27. 
Happy birthday to you  - February 25: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 25: Saints on this day, February 25. 
Chelsea star Matic available for Southampton game: Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic's will be available t... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 24: Hands up who remembers Marek Saganowski, o... 
Regional Paper Talk: Utd's Strootman blow: Man United have been dealt a blow as further injury fears have... 
Koeman criticises Van Gaal: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has criticised Manchester United boss Louis... 
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal criticised by Southampton boss Ronald Koeman: Southampton boss R... 
Paper Talk: Gunners to big bid for Pogba: Arsenal are lining up an £80m bid for Paul Pogba, Barcelona are... 
GOSSIP: Barcelona prepare summer move for Schneiderlin: Morgan Schneiderlin has today been linked with a ... 
LIVE: Saints latest news and comment: All the latest news, views and comment on Southampton FC 
Djuricic can give Saints cutting edge: James Ward-Prowse insists Filip Djuricic can help Saints improve t... 
Lovren: I thought ref Friend did a great job: DEJAN Lovren has claimed referee Kevin Friend did a “great ... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 24: Saints on this day, February 24. 
Southampton captain Fonte joins video ref calls: Jose Fonte has supported the introduction of a video ref... 
Bertrand begins Saints comeback with Under-21s appearance: RYAN Bertrand played 45 minutes for the Saints... 
VIDEO: TOP 10 times other sports used in football: IT'S the most popular sport in the world - but there h... 
Former Southampton star Lovren praises referee for doing a "great job": DEJAN Lovren has claimed referee ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Icardi's Inter hope: Chelsea target Mauro Icardi wants a new contract at Inter Milan... 
VIDEO: Koeman - Saints 'outdone' by early decisions in Liverpool loss: SAINTS boss Ronald Koeman has blam... 
Koeman calls for increased use of fourth official: Ronald Koeman believes English football should allow t... 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 LIVERPOOL: The verdict: One of Ronald Koeman’s major achievements this season has been to... 
Paper Talk: United linked with strike duo: Manchester United are being linked with moves for strike duo R... 
Mane benched for lateness: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has confirmed Sadio Mane was dropped from th... 
Lallana reception upsets Rodgers: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Adam Lallana was treated badly b... 
Premier League: Southampton winger Sadio Mane dropped from starting line-up for lateness: Southampton man... 
Adam Lallana deserved better reception from Southampton, says Brendan Rodgers: Liverpool manager Brendan ... 
LIVE: Saints latest news and comment: The Daily Echo brings you a new interactive format to enjoy all the... 
COMMENT: Referee Friend rivals ex-Southampton pair Lallana and Lovren for most unpopular man at St Mary's... 
Southampton FC boss Ronald Koeman hopes extra options will mean end of the goal drought: Ronald Koeman is... 
Filip Djuricic furious that he wasn't awarded a penalty as Southampton crashed to home loss against Liver... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 23: Saints on this day, February 23. 
Southampton FC steward performs wrestling type 'body slam' on celebrating Liverpool fan.: A Saints stewar... 
Koeman: Saints deserved to win: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman said the best side lost after watching his... 
Southampton played much better than Liverpool, says manager Ronald Koeman: Southampton manager Ronald Koe... 
Liverpool boss Rodgers criticises Southampton FC for failing to recognise achievements of Adam Lallana an... 
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers hits out at Filip Djuricic for going down too easily during Southampton's ... 
Barrage of Twitter criticism for referee Kevin Friend's controversial display in Southampton's home loss ... 
Mane dropped for being late - Koeman: Southampton midfielder Sadio Mane was dropped for the defeat by Liv... 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 LIVERPOOL: Mane dropped for being late: Ronald Koeman revealed Sadio Mane was dropped for... 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 LIVERPOOL: Euro setback for Saints: Philippe Coutinho's exceptional strike amid a series ... 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-2 LIVERPOOL - in pictures: After Philippe Coutinho scored for Liverpool in the opening mome... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 22: Saints on this day, February 22. 
Southampton v Liverpool: Updates: Updates as Saints host Liverpool in this afternoon's Premier League mat... 
Paper Talk: LVG 'rejected' Ronaldo return: Louis van Gaal 'rejected the chance' to sign Cristiano Ronaldo... 
Rodgers backs Balotelli ahead of Saints clash: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has given his full backi... 
Koeman: Grass not greener: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman believes leaving Southampton was a mistake for ... 
Ronald Koeman believes leaving Southampton last summer was a mistake for certain players: Southampton bos... 
Some players move for money - Koeman: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says some players leave clubs for... 
Djuricic: Liverpool game is special: Saints new boy Filip Djuricic believes the club’s style of play is m... 
Rickie expects 'good reception': Rickie Lambert thinks he will get a better reception from Southampton fa... 
Best of the battles between Saints and Liverpool: Saints host Liverpool in a huge Premier League clash on... 
Liverpool striker Rickie Lambert expects decent reception from Southampton fans: Liverpool striker Rickie... 
Lallana wary of reception: Adam Lallana is not expecting a warm welcome when he returns to former club So... 
Adam Lallana has no regrets over leaving Southampton for Liverpool: Adam Lallana insists he has no regret... 
Saints coach Lee is part of Liverpool history: THERE will be a man in the Saints dug-out tomorrow forever... 
Even when goals dry up, Pelle still works hard for Saints: When it comes to goals, Graziano Pelle’s recen... 
Massive weekend is a prefect storm for Saints: This is a weekend that has such significance for Saints. 
Lambert predicting "emotional" Southampton return: Rickie Lambert is anticipating an “emotional” St Mary’... 
Pelle could go head-to-head with Italian colleague as Saints host Liverpool: GRAZIANO Pelle could go head... 
Paper Talk: United target Biglia: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal is pondering a bid for Lazio midf... 
Koeman: It's not about Lallana: Ronald Koeman became irritated by questions about Liverpool's ex-Southamp... 
Ronald Koeman: It's Southampton v Liverpool, not Southampton v Lallana and Lovren: Ronald Koeman became i... 
Southampton v Liverpool preview: Team news ahead of Sunday's Premier League clash between Southampton and... 
Premier League: Southampton v Liverpool team news: Morgan Schneiderlin and Shane Long are available for S... 
Koeman defiant ahead of Liverpool clash: Ronald Koeman is expecting a very different test from Liverpool ... 
Schneiderlin and Long set for Southampton return against Liverpool but Toby still out: Morgan Schneiderli... 
Regional Paper Talk: Utd out of Pogba race: Man United have abandoned hopes of re-signing Juventus star P... 
Djuricic wants permanent Saints deal: Southampton's on-loan Benfica midfielder Filip Djuricic says he wan... 
Southampton v Liverpool: Preview followed by live coverage of Sunday's Premier League game between Southa... 
Southampton's clash with Tottenham chosen for TV: Saints' home game against Tottenham has been chosen by ... 
Southampton announce new nutrition partner: Saints have announced that Healthspan Elite have become an of... 
Paper Talk: Liverpool target Immobile: Liverpool are preparing a bid for Dortmund's Ciro Immobile, Man Ci... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 20: Saints on this day, February 20 
Saints' Champions League push gets a timely Filip: Filip Djuricic always had faith he would one day make ... 
Is £20m Lovren Liverpool's worst ever signing?: DEJAN Lovren returns to St Mary’s for the first time this... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Friday, February 20:  
Happy birthday to you  - February 20: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Redknapp: Saints will miss out on Champions League: Harry Redknapp doesn’t believe Saints will achieve a ... 
‘We don’t miss you, check the league table!’ Saints fans react to former captain’s regret over exit:  
GOSSIP: Manchester City interested in Alderweireld: A round-up of today's Saints-related transfer gossip,... 
Schneiderlin back in training for Southampton: Morgan Schniederlin has returned to training ahead of Sund... 
Man United transfer news: The right-backs Louis van Gaal could target this summer:  
Liverpool midfielder Lallana admits 'regret' over Southampton exit:  
Lallana admits regret over exit: Liverpool's Adam Lallana regrets how he left Southampton but says he did... 
Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana regrets bitterness of his exit from  Southampton: Liverpool midfielder ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Depay's PSV exit: Manchester United target Memphis Depay looks certain to leave PSV,... 
Learn to play like Le Tiss: He was one of the most gifted players of his generation, and Matt Le Tissier ... 
Southampton v Liverpool 'too close to call' for legend Jimmy Case: Saints and Liverpool legend Jimmy Case... 
Paper Talk: United weigh up Walker move: Kyle Walker headlines a list of four right-backs being monitored... 
Saints v Liverpool clash is too close to call for legend Case: Saints and Liverpool legend Jimmy Case doe... 
Former Southampton captain Adam Lallana preparing for rough reception from former fans at St Mary's: FORM... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 19: Saints on this day, February 19. 
Gerrard a doubt for Saints clash: Steven Gerrard is touch and go to be fit for a final St Mary’s appearan... 
Lallana 'left sour taste' at Saints: Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana says he is expecting a mixed react... 
Happy birthday to you  - February 19: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
English football’s all-time number one club REVEALED!:  
Regional Paper Talk: Toure eyes Inter: Manchester City ace Yaya Toure is considering a switch to Inter Mi... 
Lambert: I was close to Villa move: Former Saints striker Rickie Lambert has revealed he came "very close... 
Paper Talk: Big guns eye Real duo: Real Madrid are ready to sell Pepe or Raphael Varane with Chelsea and ... 
Ralph Krueger: The Big Interview part two: Saints chairman Ralph Krueger will hold talks with owner Katha... 
Cup semi-final date set for Southampton's U21s: Saints will face Derby County in the semi-finals of the U... 
Southampton could be set for a major pre-season tour: Saints are considering going beyond Europe for thei... 
Regional Paper Talk: Spurs eye Salvio: Tottenham are targeting Benfica winger Eduardo Salvio, while an En... 
No luck in Saints success - chairman: Southampton chairman Ralph Krueger says the team's success is a res... 
Southampton fan to be buried in 'Saints 'til I die' t-shirt: ONE Southampton FC's biggest fans is today b... 
Paper Talk: PSG still want Hazard: PSG have not given up hope of signing Chelsea's Eden Hazard, while the... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 17: Saints on this day - Feb 17 
5-0 victory showed all the hallmarks of champions: BROCKENHURST boss Pat McManus wouldn’t go as far as to... 
Southampton chairman Krueger - The big interview: Chairman Ralph Krueger describes the changes that have ... 
Southampton striker Long returns to training: Saints striker Shane Long has returned to training, as he c... 
'Southampton ready for Europe' insists Krueger: Ralph Krueger has insisted that Saints are “one hundred p... 
Who will win the race for the top four?: With the race to finish in the Premier League top four entering ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Champ hotshots eyed: Championship strikers Tyler Walker and Callum Wilson are wanted... 
Paper Talk: Liverpool target Serie A trio: Liverpool are looking to sign three Serie A players for a comb... 
Saints midfielder so close to Old Trafford move: HE was once linked with the two most famous clubs in England. 
‘Cruyff of the Balkans’ set for first Premier League start: Ronald Koeman is hoping he can inspire anothe... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 16: Saints on this day - Feb 16 
Who will cash in on £5bn Premier League deal?: THE gauntlet has been thrown down to Saints and their Prem... 
Paper Talk: Big guns chase Atletico ace: Chelsea, Man City and Man United are chasing £15m Atletico Madri... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 15: Saints on this day - Feb 15 
Happy birthday to you  - February 15: Former Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Paper Talk: Mancini still Inter Toure: Roberto Mancini has urged Inter Milan to buy Yaya Toure, Danny Ing... 
Saints set to resume adidas kit deal: Saints will resume having their kit made by adidas from the start o... 
Saints' 'bright spark' Djuricic can break down defences: Nathaniel Clyne believes the addition of “bright... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 14: Saints on this day - Feb 14 
Happy birthday to you  - February 14: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Man United break British transfer record, Arsenal's dismal form and Balotelli's drought – Premier League quiz:  
Youngster Bevis Mugabi signs new Saints deal: Bevis Mugabi has signed a new contract with Saints. 
West Ham goalkeeper Adrian wins red card appeal:  
New Southampton FC contract for centre half Jason McCarthy: SAINTS have handed defender Jason McCarthy a ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Pjanic button pressed: Brendan Rodgers has been spotted in Italy reportedly scouting... 
Osvaldo makes move to Boca Juniors: Southampton and Italy striker Dani Osvaldo joins Boca Juniors on loan... 
Harry Kane and Ronald Koeman handed January Premier League awards: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman and Tot... 
January award for Kane, Koeman: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman and Tottenham striker Harry Kane have been... 
McCarthy signs new deal: Teenage defender Jason McCarthy has signed a new two-and-a-half-year deal with S... 
Southampton scare big teams - Koeman: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says big teams are "a little bit ... 
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman scoops award: Ronald Koeman has won the Barclays Premier League manager of... 
McCarthy signs new two-and-a-half-year deal with Southampton: Teenage defender Jason McCarthy has signed ... 
Tadic: We need to stay cool in front of goal: Dusan Tadic has urged Saints to keep calm in the final thir... 
Paper Talk: Real to return for Morata: Real Madrid are set to take Liverpool and Arsenal target Alvaro Mo... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 13: Saints on this day - Feb 13 
Clyne: Confidence key to claiming top four spot: Nathaniel Clyne believes Saints’ top-four bid remains fi... 
Djuricic scores as Saints under-21s make Cup semi-finals: Filip Djuricic inspired Saints’ young guns to t... 
Osvaldo moves to Boca Juniors: Dani Osvaldo has joined Boca Juniors until the end of the season after tro... 
Osvaldo moves to Boca Juniors: Saints striker Dani Osvaldo has completed a move to Boca Juniors after his... 
Premier League record BROKEN! Top 10 longest distances covered this season:  
Turnbull signs new Southampton deal: Defender Jordan Turnbull signs a new three-and-a-half-year deal, kee... 
Regional Paper Talk: City target Brahimi: Manchester City are set to meet the £33m release clause for Por... 
Turnbull signs new contract to 2018: Saints defender Jordan Turnbull has signed a new three-and-a-half-ye... 
Rich’s cash challenge: Katharina Liebherr and the other Premier League club owners have been challenged t... 
How Saints can help future generations: THE Premier League’s new domestic TV rights deal is staggering, b... 
Ker-ching! TV football cash cash facts and figures ..: Sky are paying a total of £4.176billion over the t... 
Surely now the time has come to reduce Premier ticket costs?: The Football Supporters’ Federation believe... 
Elia: We must do better: Eljero Elia insisted West Ham only came to St Mary’s looking for a point, and th... 
Koeman frustrated by forwards' form: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman conceded his forward are "struggling"... 
Super computer reveals FINAL Premier League top seven!:  
Koeman and Fonte up for January awards: Saints manager Ronald Koeman has been shortlisted for January's B... 
Down Memory Lane - Saints on this day in history, February 12: Saints on this day - Feb 12 
Paper Talk: West Ham eye Hernandez: West Ham are reportedly interested in Javier Hernandez, while Burnley... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Thursday, February 12:  
Sainst young guns set sights on semi-final spot: SAINTS tonight bid for a place in the semi finals of the... 
Saints must rediscover attacking quality says Koeman: Frustrated Saints boss Ronald Koeman insists his Sa... 
Premier League: Ronald Koeman disappointed Southampton failed to beat 10-man West Ham: Ronald Koeman expr... 
Sam Allardyce says West Ham's draw at Southampton was like a victory due to red card: Sam Allardyce prais... 
West Ham set to appeal St Mary's red card: WEST Ham boss Sam Allardyce has said his club will appeal Adri... 
Clyne: Sending off made it harder for Saints: Nathaniel Clyne admitted that West Ham being reduced to ten... 
Mane: Hammers are hard to break down: Sadio Mane believed Saints deserved more than a solitary point tonight. 
Fan arrested after pitch invasion at St Mary's: Saints will investigate how a second fan in the space of ... 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-0 WEST HAM: Koeman - We are suffering: Ronald Koeman believes Saints are suffering from the... 
Koeman disappointed by draw: Ronald Koeman felt Southampton should have taken all three points after West... 
Allardyce: Draw was like a win: Sam Allardyce said West Ham's goalless draw at Southampton felt like a vi... 
PHOTO GALLERY: Saints v West Ham: Photographs from Saints 0-0 draw against West Ham at St Mary's Stadium 
SOUTHAMPTON 0-0 WEST HAM: Saints frustrated by ten man Hammmers: Saints failed to score at St Mary's agai... 
Premier League round-up: Late Willian winner sees Chelsea maintain seven-point lead:  
Ten-man Hammers hold Saints: Ten-man West Ham earned a hard-fought point after holding Southampton to a 0... 
Southampton v West Ham - updates: Updates as Saints face West Ham in tonight's Premier League contest at ... 
Premier League::  
REVEALED! The PL clubs MOST and LEAST reliant on LONG BALLS!:  
Premier League: Player  of the Month and Manager of the Month nominations for February unveiled: The nomi... 
Osvaldo to join Boca Juniors: Southampton striker Dani Osvaldo is set to join Boca Juniors in Argentina o... 
Transfer news: Dani Osvaldo set to leave Southampton for Boca Juniors: Southampton striker Dani Osvaldo i... 
Regional Paper Talk: Moyes fears Ings blow: David Moyes fears Real Sociedad may not be able to afford Bur... 
Gallery: Which Premier League clubs play highest % of passes long?: After Louis van Gaal played down Man ... 
Paper Talk: Top-four rivals eye Dybala: Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester United are reported to be track... 
Do you remember these Saints wins over West Ham?: Saints welcome West Ham on Wednesday with both sides pe... 
Hammers defender will face Saints with a broken nose: Sam Allardyce will field James Tomkins at St Mary’s... 
Koeman's stunning message to Saints star: Ronald Koeman has told his workaholic midfielder Dusan Tadic he... 
Koeman: We can play West Ham's game: Ronald Koeman has defended West Ham’s style of play and admitted tha... 
Teammates ready to go head to head in Euro battle: Two of Senegal’s finest footballing exports will come ... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, February 11:  
Saints stay third in Premier League: Spurs blew the chance to leapfrog Saints and move up to third in the... 
Saints set for massive cash boost after £5bn Premier League tv deal: SAINTS have been given a massive fin... 
I'm not quitting Southampton for Barcelona, says Koeman:  
Saints flop Osvaldo poised to return to Argentina: SAINTS flop Dani Osvaldo has had his Inter Milan loan ... 
Koeman expects to be at Saints until 2017: Ronald Koeman has reiterated his desire to stay at Saints afte... 
Saints fan's disgust at £38 'restricted view' seat: A Saints fan paid £38 to watch his beloved side win 1... 
Schneiderlin doubt for Saints: Morgan Schneiderlin is a doubt for Saints ahead of their game against West... 
Saints striker out for the season: Emmanuel Mayuka is set to miss the rest of the season. 
Bright future? All Premier League clubs RANKED by youngest line-ups this season:  
Koeman: I'll see out contract: Ronald Koeman has appeared to kill off any speculation that the lure of Ba... 
Premier League: Ronald Koeman says he will see out contract at Southampton: Ronald Koeman has appeared to... 
Premier League: Ronald Koeman insists he is committed to Southampton but reveals he has an exit clause in... 
Southampton v West Ham preview: Team news ahead of Wednesday's Premier League clash between Southampton a... 
Southampton v West Ham preview: Southampton will be without a host of key players for Wednesday's Premier... 
Premier League questions: Will Manchester United play it on the floor? Can Man City finally win without Y... 
Hammers to play broken nose victim against Saints: Sam Allardyce will field James Tomkins at Saints tomor... 
Southampton v West Ham United: Preview followed by live coverage of Wednesday's Premier League game betwe... 
Regional Paper Talk: Trio target Icardi: Chelsea, Manchester City and Liverpool will battle for Inter Mil... 
Top 10 REVEALED! How much TV money Europe’s top clubs earned:  
Top Men: Spurs trio star alongside Ibe: Jordan Ibe and Kyle Naughton join a Team of the Week dominated by... 
Tomkins to face Saints but Carroll and Nolan doubts: Sam Allardyce will be forced to field James Tomkins ... 
Paper Talk: Gunners line-up Fekir deal: Arsenal are lining up a summer swoop for £25m-rated Lyon star Nab... 
Spurs sensation on course to join Saints legend Le Tissier in exclusive goals club: Tottenham sensation H... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Tuesday, February 10:  
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 10: On this day in Saints history - February 10 
JWP: Saints have all the qualities for top four space: JAMES Ward-Prowse believes Saints possess all the ... 
Yoshida is Koeman's man to solve crisis: Ronald Koeman has backed Maya Yoshida to solve his left back cri... 
JWP: I finally feel established at Saints: After two seasons of being in and out of the first-team, James... 
Fonte: Saints have plan to deal with Andy Carroll: Jose Fonte says Saints have a plan to deal with West H... 
Saints U21s lose at Everton: SAINTS Under-21s slumped to a 3-1 defeat against their Everton counterparts ... 
VIDEO: New Saints star Eljero Elia shows off his dream car: HE’S a class act on the pitch and new Saints ... 
Saints under-21s Cup date named: Saints will play their under-21 Premier League Cup quarter-final against... 
Southampton man scoops £92,000 on just a £2 football bet: A SOUTHAMPTON man has scooped more than £92,000... 
Regional Paper Talk: Real watching Kane: Harry Kane has been watched three times by Real Madrid, PSG want... 
Forster proud of clean sheet record: Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster says his side's excellent defe... 
Southampton outcast nears Boca Juniors switch:  
Leicester deny sacking ex-Saints boss Pearson: Leicester manager Nigel Pearson will lead his team into Tu... 
RUMOUR: Saints linked with Marseille striker: A round-up of today's Saints transfer gossip, including a p... 
Paper Talk: Real target Courtois move: Real Madrid are considering a summer bid for Chelsea keeper Thibau... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Monday, February 9:  
Dominant Saints get their reward and stay on course for Europe: If anybody wants a bit of context surroun... 
Dominant Wanyama enjoys his return to Saints team: Victor Wanyama returned from injury to help power Sain... 
Fonte: Every win cranks up pressure on our rivals: Jose Fonte believes the teams chasing Saints face “all... 
Premier League: Pressure on our rivals, says Southampton skipper Jose Fonte: Southampton captain Jose Fon... 
Pressure on rivals - Fonte: Southampton captain Jose Fonte insists the weight of expectation is on all th... 
Saints have a need for speed: Saints went for pace as their key weapon for attacking QPR as Ronald Koeman... 
Koeman optimistic over Targett's head injury: Saints are optimistic that Matt Targett has escaped any ser... 
Koeman: Saints in the top  four is good for everyone: Ronald Koeman believes it will be good for the Prem... 
Paper Talk: Verratti to cost Gunners Â£40m: PSG have told Arsenal that midfielder Marco Verratti will cos... 
Mane thrilled with winner at QPR: Sadio Mane hailed a great team performance from Saints after firing the... 
Elia: Everything is ok with my balls!: Eljero Elia had two reasons to celebrate on Saturday night – not o... 
Premier League: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman still looking 'down, not up' despite QPR win: Southampton ... 
QPR 0-1 SOUTHAMPTON: Koeman hails vital moment in Saints season: Ronald Koeman believes Saints’ 1-0 win a... 
QPR 0  Saints 1 - in pictures: Saints went to Loftus Road to take on QPR and came home with a point after... 
QPR 0-1 SOUTHAMPTON: Mane fires Saints to third with dramatic late winner: Sadio Mane’s stoppage time win... 
Last-gasp agony for QPR: Southampton returned to winning ways with a last-gasp 1-0 win against Queens Par... 
Premier League: Saido Mane strikes in injury-time as Southampton pile agony on QPR: Southampton returned ... 
Premier League round-up: Chelsea seven points clear as Man City rescue draw against Hull:  
Targett taken to hospital with head injury: Saints defender Matt Targett has been taken to hospital after... 
QPR v Southampton - updates: Updates as Saints take on QPR in this afternoon's Premier League contest at ... 
Paper Talk: Kane hopes he's able to stay: Harry Kane plans to spend his entire career at Spurs, Crystal P... 
Saints aiming for record-setting result: Matt Targett insists Saints will head to QPR today full of confi... 
Threat to Saints' Euro hopes: SAINTS need to improve their goalscoring form if they are to claim a sensat... 
Sighned shirt sale part of push to take Saints legend's fundraising total to £250K: Signed shirts donated... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 7: Saints on this day – February 7 
Koeman: Euro qualification will help keep stars at Saints: Ronald Koeman has extra motivation for steerin... 
Europe finish key to plans - Koeman: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman believes European qualification will ... 
Arsenal’s appalling record, Man United striker’s goal-rate and Gerrard's derby farewell – Premier League quiz:  
QPR v Southampton preview: Team news for Saturday's Premier League clash between QPR and Southampton at L... 
Ramsey: QPR selection will be a "collaborative" effort: Caretaker QPR manager Chris Ramsey says the team ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Man United step up Mats Hummels chase while Kevin Mirallas moves closer to an Everto... 
Queens Park Rangers v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game be... 
Happy birthday to you  - February 16: Ex-Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Rodriguez: 'Training is going well': Saints forward Jay Rodriguez has revealed that he is progressing wel... 
Wenger not concerned about enquiry into Chambers' Southampton to Arsenal move:  
VIDEO: Saints boss Ronald Koeman previews trip to Queens Park Rangers: SAINTS boss Ronald Koeman previews... 
Paper Talk: Prem pair target Howedes: Schalke defender Benedikt Howedes could be a summer target for Manc... 
Premier League: QPR v Southampton team news:  
Saints to make summer swoop for Vilhena?: Saints could return for Tonny Vilhena in the summer after refus... 
Jack Cork delighted to have left his Saints 'comfort zone' behind him: Swansea signing Jack Cork feels he... 
Transfer Rumours and Paper Review - Friday, February 6:  
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 6: Saints on this day February 6 
Ron: Pressure is on our rivals, not Saints: Ronald Koeman believes Saints will be under far less pressure... 
Happy birthday to you  - February 6: Former Saints enjoying a birthday today. 
Premier League: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman hoping for a European boost: Ronald Koeman is hoping the r... 
Koeman looks for European boost: Ronald Koeman hopes the rigours of European football can give Southampto... 
Saints dumped out of FA Youth Cup: Saints were knocked out of the FA Youth Cup at the fifth round stage a... 
Premier League: Ronald Koeman very happy with Southampton set-up: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has a... 
Rodriguez 'could miss whole season': Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says he will not rush Jay Rodriguez b... 
Premier League Preview Show:  
QPR players to get 'clean slate' ahead of Saints clash: Caretaker QPR manager Chris Ramsey will offer all... 
Koeman hails St Mary's set-up: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has admitted his delight over deals done... 
Koeman 'thanks' Pochettino for his 'holiday' job: Ronald Koeman has ‘thanked’ Mauricio Pochettino for lea... 
Saints duo fitness boost: Saints are hopeful that Morgan Schneiderlin and Victor Wanyama will provide the... 
No January transfer window bids for Southampton stars, claims Koeman:  
Regional Paper Talk: Reds eye Henrikh: Liverpool are back in for old target Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Loic Perr... 
Paper Talk: Bruce on the brink at Hull: Steve Bruce is battling for his job at Hull City and Burnley sent... 
Pochettino claims Koeman inherited 'a winning team' from him at Saints: MAURICIO Pochettino has claimed h... 
Do you remember Saints' top five league wins at QPR?: SAINTS travel to west London this Saturday to face ... 
Will Austin's powers sink Saints?: Saints’ proud defensive record will be tested to the max this Saturday... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 5: Saints on this day in history – February 5 
Rapid rise of Saints nemesis Charlie Austin: From the Wessex League to the Premier League – the tale of Q... 
Young Saints make bid for last-eight spot in cup: Saints will tonight aim to reach the quarter-finals of ... 
Happy birthday to you  - February 5: Former Saints celebrating a birthday today. 
Premier League: Ryan Bertrand says joining Southampton on a permanent deal was a perfect match: Ryan Bert... 
Bertrand delighted with move: Ryan Bertrand says joining Southampton on a permanent deal from Chelsea on ... 
Ronald Koeman: What is his secret?: Ambitious, calm, obsessive, self-assured and with a penchant for mayo... 
Regional Paper Talk: DDG happy at United: David De Gea's agent has criticised Man United but says the kee... 
Benali's Big Run to conclude with gala dinner: Saints legend Francis Benali will host a gala dinner at St... 
REVEALED! £245.25m! PL clubs with the BIGGEST net transfer spends – money well spent?:  
Sherwood favourite for QPR job: Saints’ opponents this weekend, QPR, have named Les Ferdinand as their di... 
Down memory lane - Saints on this day in history, February 4: Saints on this day – February 4 
Happy birthday to you  - February 4: Former Saints enjoying a birthday today. 
Saints' worst winter transfer window signings of all time: The winter transfer window quite often results... 
Saints' best winter transfer window signings of all time: Will new man Filip Djuricic go down in St Mary’... 
Paper Talk: Prem clubs tracking Martinez: Liverpool, Manchester United, Arsenal and Spurs are said to be ... 
Saints star breaks collar bone: SAINTS' legend Matt Le Tissier is recuperating after suffering a broken c... 
Saints play their part in record Premier League seasonal spending spree: Premier League clubs spent a rec... 
First Redknapp, now Hoddle quits Queens Park Rangers ahead of Saints' visit: A second former Saints manag... 
Ex-Saints boss Harry Redknapp dismisses QPR exit conspiracy theories: Harry Redknapp insists he did not r... 
Harry Redknapp quits QPR ahead of Southampton match: Harry Redknapp has resigned as manager of QPR just d... 
Regional Paper Talk: Swans eye duo: Swansea will make a summer move for Alexandru Maxim and Aleksandar Mi... 
Paper Talk: Chelsea plan Varane swoop: Raphael Varane could move to Chelsea this summer, Liverpool look s... 
Why Tadic is delighted that Saints have signed his Serbian colleague Djuricic: Dusan Tadic has welcomed t... 
COMMENT: Koeman right not to press the panic button on transfer deadline day: Saints have got it about ri... 
Permanent deal for Bertrand: Southampton have completed the signing of Ryan Bertrand from Chelsea on a pe... 
Transfer news: Southampton sign Ryan Bertrand from Chelsea on a four-and-a-half-year deal: Southampton ha... 
Saints swoop for Bertrand deal: Saints have completed the permanent signing of left back Ryan Bertrand on... 
Chelsea defender completes permanent Southampton switch:  
Gallagher makes comeback: Sam Gallagher made his long awaited return from injury as Saints under-21s were... 
Saints legend Rickie Lambert turns down chance to join Aston Villa: SAINTS legend Rickie Lambert has turn... 
VIDEO: Koeman on Djuricic signing: Ronald Koeman has spoken to the official Saints YouTube channel after ... 
Southampton confirm Djuricic: Southampton have confirmed the arrival of Filip Djuricic from Benfica on lo... 
Southampton loan midfield star from Benfica:  
Southampton sign Djuricic on loan: Southampton sign Benfica's Serbia attacking midfielder Filip Djuricic ... 
Transfer News: Southampton confirm signing of Filip Djuricic from Benfica: Southampton have confirmed the... 
Saints complete deadline day swoop for Djuricic: Saints have competed the deadline day signing of Filip D... 
Transfer news: Morgan Schneiderlin will not be leaving Southampton: Southampton will not be selling midfi... 
Saints keeping Schneiderlin: Southampton will not be selling midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin on Deadline D... 
No appeal on Bertrand red card: Southampton have decided not to appeal against the red card shown to Ryan... 
Premier League: Southampton decide not to appeal Ryan Bertrand red card: Southampton have decided not to ... 
Saints won't appeal Bertrand red card: Saints have decided not to appeal against Ryan Bertrand’s red card. 
Regional Paper Talk: Everton eye Januzaj: Everton want Manchester United's Adnan Januzaj on loan, while T... 
Saints close on Djuricic loan: Southampton are closing on a loan deal for Benfica winger Filip Djuricic. 
Transfer news: Southampton close on loan deal for Benfica winger Filip Djuricic: Southampton are closing ... 
Coral Daily Download - Southampton to beat Liverpool to Champions League place?:  
COMMENT: Frustrating defeat means Koeman must bring in fresh blood today: A highly frustrating afternoon ... 
Southampton transfer deadline day - live!: SAINTS are today hoping to wrap up a couple of transfers ahead... 
Paper Talk: Adebayor set for Spurs exit: Emmanuel Adebayor looks certain to leave Spurs, who are set to s... 
Blow for Arsenal, Southampton and Sunderland! Celtic defender rules out move:  
Transfer rumours and paper review - Monday, February 2:  
Transfer Deadline Day - follow it live!:  
Saints set for busy final day of transfer window: Saints are set for a busy transfer deadline day as they... 
Yoshida: Losing to Swansea was so hard to take: Maya Yoshida admitted it was tough to accept losing to Sw... 
Tadic: We played well against Swansea - we deserved so much more: Dusan Tadic insists Saints should not b... 
Southampton must 'strengthen in the centre-forward department', says Matt Le Tissier: Former Southampton ... 
Le Tissier: Saints should buy: Matt Le Tissier has urged Southampton boss Ronald Koeman to sign striking ... 
Koeman targets deadline-day deals: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman wants "at least one" deadline-day signi... 
Swans deserved the win - Williams: Captain Ashley Williams hailed Swansea's defensive resolve as they cla... 
Swansea got lucky, says Koeman: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman claims Swansea were lucky to come away ... 
Premier League: Southampton did not deserve to lose to Swansea, claims Ronald Koeman: Southampton manager... 
Koeman disputes Bertrand red card: Ronald Koeman was adamant that referee Michael Oliver made a mistake b... 
Koeman backs Saints despite Swansea defeat: Ronald Koeman insists Saints can maintain their top four posi... 
Bertrand sees red as Saints suffer Swans dive: Jonjo Shelvey's fine, late strike secured Swansea a first ... 
Monk hails 'spot on' tactics: Swansea boss Garry Monk says the gameplan worked perfectly in the 1-0 win a... 
Premier League: Swansea manager Garry Monk hails tactics in win at Southampton: Swansea manager Garry Mon... 
Saints 0  Swansea 1 - in pictures: Saints took on Swansea in the Barclays Premier League - check out the ... 
Southampton 0-1 Swansea: Shelvey stunner sinks Saints:  
Transfer news: Southampton in talks with Feyenoord midfielder Tonny Vilhena: Southampton have begun discu... 
Southampton close on Vilhena: Southampton have begun discussions to sign Feyenoord midfielder Tonny Vilhe... 
Southampton v Swansea - updates!: Updates as Saints take on Swansea in this afternoon's Premier League ma... 
Traffic delays on major route: DRIVERS are being warned of long delays on one of the county's major roads... 
Spurs targeting Jay Rodriguez at start of £60m spending spree: TOTTENHAM are reportedly set to launch a £... 
No short cuts to Champions League for Southampton's Pelle: GRAZIANO Pelle is aiming for the Champions Lea... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Sunday, February 1:  
Transfer Window two days to go - follow it live!:  
Paper Talk: Reus to roll in at Arsenal: Manchester United are trying to push through a £35m transfer deal... 
Ron: Saints must defend better - or they won't win again this season: Ronald Koeman has told his side the... 
Saints' remaining league games - part one: SWEET sixteen. 
Saints' remaining league games - part two: Our look at Saints' last 16 league games of the season continu... 
Saints' remaining league games - part three: Our look ahead to Saints' last 16 league games of the season... 
Saints' remaining league games - part four: Our look ahead to Saints' last 16 games of the season conclud... 
Pellè maintaining one game focus:  
Tadic confident Saints can see off the Swans:  
STAT PACK: Southampton vs Swansea City:  
U18 REACTION: Limbrick pleased with young Saints' character despite defeat:  
U18 REPORT: Fulham 2-0 Southampton:  
Saints spirit delights Pelle: Southampton have the mentality to continue their push for the top spots in ... 
Premier League: Graziano Pelle delighted by Southampton team spirit: Southampton have the mentality to co... 
Saints stars in Hollywood blockbusters - in pictures: IMAGINE a world where Saints players were not only ... 
Drive-in movies coming to Southampton's stadium: SAINTS’ rise from bankruptcy to the verge of Champions L... 
Yoshida out to bounce back from Asian Cup frustration:  
Ward-Prowse: Let's finish the job we've started:  
Paper Talk: United, City want Bale &amp; Ronaldo: Man United have put aside £120m to lure Gareth Bale, Man Ci... 
PREVIEW: Southampton vs Swansea City:  
International duo set to return for Saints: Saints will have Sadio Mane and Maya Yoshida available for to... 
Holiday chat changed course of Graziano's career: He couldn’t have known it at the time, but Graziano Pel... 
Transfer Window three days to go - follow it live!:  
We must improve on Palace display, says Koeman:  
Cork seals Swansea switch: Saints midfielder Jack Cork has completed his move to Swansea, the club have c... 
Don't miss our Graziano Pelle interview in tomorrow's Daily Echo: Graziano Pelle gives one of his first b... 
Jack Cork will be great addition to Swansea's squad, says manager Garry Monk: Garry Monk feels Swansea's ... 
Cork completes Swansea move: Garry Monk feels Swansea's midfield will be much improved by the signing of ... 
Confirmed! Swansea complete Cork deal:  
GALLERY: Cork departs Saints:  
Cork departs Saints for Swansea City:  
No Man Utd offer for Clyne - Koeman: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says Manchester United have made no e... 
Jack Cork will be great add for Swansea says manager Garry Monk: Garry Monk feels Swansea's midfield will... 
Transfer news: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman upbeat on signing duo in January window: Southampton manage... 
Monk thrilled by Cork deal: Garry Monk feels Swansea's midfield will be much improved by the impending si... 
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints get set for Swans on Sunday:  
Koeman upbeat on signing duo: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is confident of attracting two new player... 
Stunning Man United loss, Lampard to take on Chelsea and more – talkSPORT quiz:  
Jack Cork rejects Southampton's contract offer: Saints are resigned to losing Jack Cork in January after ... 
Saints plot double transfer swoop: Ronald Koeman has confirmed that Saints could sign both Tonny Vilhena ... 
Stephens staying at Swindon: Swindon have extended Southampton's Jack Stephens loan deal until the end of... 
Southampton midfielder set for Swansea move, confirms Koeman:  
Palace tickets on sale from Monday:  
TICKETS: Southampton vs Crystal Palace - 03/03/2015:  
Southampton v Swansea preview:  
Regional Paper Talk: Roma eye Spurs pair: Roma are lining up deals for misfiring Spurs duo Emmanuel Adeba... 
Southampton v Swansea City: Preview followed by live coverage of Sunday's Premier League game between Sou... 
Ward-Prowse signs new five-and-a-half-year deal with Southampton:  
Ward-Prowse proud to extend Saints stay:  
Ward-Prowse signs new Saints deal: Southampton academy graduate James Ward-Prowse, 20, has signed a new f... 
QPR boss Redknapp rules out signing Saints flop Dani Osvaldo on loan: HARRY Redknapp today ruled out the ... 
Irish mascot's 'spare ribs' social media message for Saints star Shane Long: THE Football Association of ... 
James Ward-Prowse signs new Southampton deal: James Ward-Prowse has signed a new contract that will keep ... 
Redknapp rules out QPR moves for duo:  
Ward-Prowse signs new contract to 2020:  
U18 PREVIEW: Fulham vs Southampton:  
Stephens extends Swindon loan:  
Swindon keep Southampton's Stephens: League One leaders Swindon Town extend the loan deal of Southampton ... 
Premier League Previews – Fixtures, team news and live commentary:  
New Saints deal for Ward-Prowse: Southampton midfielder James Ward-Prowse has agreed a new five-year cont... 
RUMOURS: Cork and Clyne's Southampton exit speculation heats up: JACK Cork’s potential departure from Sai... 
Premier League: New Saints deal for James Ward-Prowse: James Ward-Prowse has agreed a new five-year deal ... 
Paper Talk: Chelsea target Valencia bid: Chelsea are ready to make a £21m bid for West Ham striker Enner ... 
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Swansea City:  
Transfer Window four days to go - follow it live!:  
Koeman transfer puzzle as Cork nears exit: Jack Cork looks set to end his three-and-a-half-year spell at ... 
Swans in Dyer straits: Former Saints winger Nathan Dyer will be the most established goalscoring threat f... 
GALLERY: Saints Room revamped at Rose Road:  
Confusion over Djuricic 'deal': Confusion surrounds a possible Saints move for attacking midfielder Filip... 
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable home games against Swansea:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
Sign this player or the transfer window is a failure for Arsenal – Young Guns blog view:  
Further discounts in the Big Winter Sale:  
Regional Paper Talk: Chelsea eye Varane: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is planning a reunion with Real Madri... 
Swans eye Cork move: Saints are bracing themselves for an approach from Swansea for midfielder Jack Cork. 
Premier League: Swansea in talks to sign Southampton midfielder Jack Cork: Swansea are in talks to sign S... 
Swansea keen to capture Cork: Swansea are in talks to sign Southampton's former England U21 midfielder Ja... 
Swansea in talks with Saints' Cork: Southampton midfielder Jack Cork - who is out of contract in the summ... 
Proof Arsenal and Liverpool DO have quality squads? – The PL teams with the most goalscorers this season:  
Saints Youth Cup date set: Saints’ FA Youth Cup fifth round tie with Leicester will take place on Thursda... 
'He gives us something different. We've never had a player like him before':  
Date set for FA Youth Cup tie against Leicester:  
Saints fans might complain about MotD running orders - but Sunderland supporters have longest to wait!: S... 
St Mary's sold out for Liverpool fixture:  
Paper Talk: Real ready to pinch De Gea: Real Madrid are prepared to wait and pinch David de Gea on a free... 
Saints linked with Serbian international Filip Djuricic - but how good is he? Watch our video: SOUTHAMPTO... 
Saints to re-establish ladies' team?: Saints could be about to re-establish a female team for the first t... 
Saints' chance to boost Euro hopes: Saints will have a significant chance to boost their European hopes i... 
Double boost for Saints in Euro push: SAINTS boss Ronald Koeman will be handed a double boost for Sunday’... 
Pre-order the Swansea issue of SAINTS now:  
SHOCKING! Top 10 long ball-playing PL teams revealed and a BIG CLUB ranks highly:  
West Brom away on sale from Monday:  
TICKETS: West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton - 28/02/2015:  
Koeman welcomes Figo's FIFA bid: Saints manager Ronald Koeman has welcomed Luis Figo’s bid to become pres... 
Regional Paper Talk: Rivals eye Gundogan: Manchester United and Manchester City will battle for Dortmund'... 
Mourinho fined after Saints comments: Jose Mourinho has been fined £25,000 and warned over his future con... 
Les Reed gives Southampton Ladies fresh hope of re-establishing link with Premier League club: Saints cou... 
FA fine Mourinho £25,000 over Southampton comments:  
Grand Café hospitality for Liverpool fixture:  
Paper Talk: Arsenal plan Suarez approach: Arsenal could make a summer move for Luis Suarez, Real Madrid a... 
Saints playing their part as English clubs dominate international transfer market: England is dominating ... 
RUMOUR MILL, January 28 - Koeman again linked with one of his former Feyenoord midfielders: RONALD Koeman... 
Why is qualifying for Europe a huge brain teaser for Saints boss Ronald Koeman?: IT'S a brain teaser - wi... 
Transfer rumours and paper review – Wednesday, January 28:  
Transfer Window Countdown - follow it live!:  
Ward-Prowse: Saints ready to finish the job: Saints are ready to cope with increased expectations for the... 
Veho competition winners meet Saints quartet:  
Early AFCON exit for Mané:  
Southampton striker facing six weeks out with injury:  
Long facing six weeks out: Southampton will be without Shane Long for up to six weeks after he fractured ... 
Long facing six weeks out: Southampton will be without Shane Long for up to six weeks after he fractured ... 
Insider Trading: Schurrle to stay at Chelsea? Plus, QPR and Blackburn news:  
Fonte shortlisted for PFA award: Saints captain Jose Fonte has been shortlisted for the latest PFA Fans’ ... 
Vote for Fonte to win PFA fans' award:  
Transfer news: Five deals to shock the Premier League! Surprise January signing rumours:  
Southampton set to move for 'the best player in the Dutch league'?:  
Regional Paper Talk: Blues chase Cuadrado: Chelsea are set to continue talks with Fiorentina over Juan Cu... 
Surprising stats? The PL teams most likely to score from corners:  
RUMOUR MILL, January 27: Koeman chasing Feyenoord midfielder: A round-up of today's transfer gossip, incl... 
Stylists to the stars: How to get the Saints look: TODAY'S stars are just as concerned with their individ... 
Saints support Kick It Out this weekend:  
Paper Talk: Destro option for Spurs: Spurs have been offered Mattia Destro, Man United have stepped up th... 
Transfer window countdown - follow it live!:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Tuesday, January 27:  
Decision time for Cork: Jack Cork is facing a career defining week as he decides whether to sign another ... 
Saints gambling on Pelle fitness: As we enter the final days of the transfer window Saints will be weighi... 
Swans duo to sit out St Mary's clash: SWANSEA City will be paying the price for a lack of discipline when... 
Davis: Cup defeat can give us the 'kick up the backside' we need: Steven Davis believes Saints’ FA Cup ex... 
U21 GALLERY: Youngsters on cloud nine:  
U21 REACTION: Hunter not getting carried away after win:  
Hooiveld makes Millwall move: Millwall have signed Southampton defender Jos Hooiveld on loan for the rest... 
U21 REPORT: Southampton 2-0 West Ham United:  
Transfer news: Millwall sign Dutch defender Jos Hooiveld on loan for the rest of the season: Millwall hav... 
Transfer news: Jos Hooiveld joins Millwall on loan for rest of seasons from Southampton: Millwall have si... 
Southampton defender Hooiveld joins Millwall on loan:  
Millwall sign Southampton's Hooiveld: Championship strugglers Millwall sign Southampton defender Jos Hooi... 
Slattery selected for England U16s' UEFA tournament:  
Hooiveld completes Millwall switch: Saints defender Jos Hooiveld has joined Millwall on loan for the rema... 
Hooiveld joins Millwall on loan:  
FAN GALLERY: Supporters out in force for FA Cup:  
Regional Paper Talk: Mancini targets Yaya: Roberto Mancini wants to join up with Man City star Yaya Toure... 
Man United transfer news: Star confirms he's heading to Old Trafford, £20m deal plus more rumours:  
Long suffers suspected broken rib: Southampton's Shane Long will be out for several weeks after suffering... 
Transfer Window Countdown - Follow it live!:  
THE MIXED ZONE: Trio on FA Cup exit:  
Paper Talk: Top trio chasing Ings: Danny Ings is being chased by Tottenham, Chelsea and Man City, Everton... 
Liverpool tickets on sale to eligible supporters:  
RUMOUR MILL, January 26 - Jos Hooiveld to be reunited with ex-Saints mate at Millwall: SAINTS defender Jo... 
Monk confident Swansea can recover from miserable few weeks when they visit Saints: EX-Saints defender Ga... 
Will Long injury force Koeman into transfer market?: RONALD KOEMAN could be forced into the transfer market. 
Defending gets the thumbs down from Ron: Frustrated Saints boss Ronald Koeman is hoping he won’t see anot... 
Premier League: Nathaniel Clyne's future uncertain as player waits to give Southampton his verdict: South... 
£20m United target Clyne to decide future at end of season: Nathaniel Clyne says contract negotiations wi... 
Clyne  future uncertain: Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne says he has not yet decided whether he will... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Palace press conference:  
U21 PREVIEW: Southampton vs West Ham United:  
COMMENT: Why Saints fans are wrong if they say 'at least we can now concentrate on the league': NO Saints... 
POLL: Do you think Jack Cork will accept his new contract offer from Saints?: RONALD Koeman has given Jac... 
RUMOUR: Saints defender linked with £20m move to United: Saints right back Nathaniel Clyne is being linke... 
Ward-Prowse rues missed opportunity for Saints: James Ward-Prowse admitted Saints’ FA Cup exit at the han... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Sunday, January 25:  
Paper Talk: United eye Â£20m Clyne: Manchester United are preparing a £20m bid for Nathaniel Clyne and Un... 
FA Cup fourth round: Ronald Koeman frustrated by slopping defending in Crystal Palace defeat: Southampton... 
MATCH GALLERY: Palace make Saints pay:  
Mixed emotions for Davis after 100th Saints game:  
Koeman frustrated by defending: Ronald Koeman bemoaned his side's defending after they were knocked out o... 
Long facing lengthy lay-off: Shane Long could be facing weeks out of action after suffering suspected fra... 
Pardew hails front pair: Alan Pardew praised his Arsenal-inspired strike-force after Crystal Palace's FA ... 
FA Cup: Shane Long suffers suspected fractured ribs during Southampton's defeat to Crystal Palace: Shane ... 
Saints dealt Long injury blow in Palace defeat: Shane Long is facing weeks on the sidelines after sufferi... 
Koeman slams Saints "very poor" defending in Palace defeat: Ronald Koeman bemoaned Saints’ “very poor” de... 
Koeman: Mistakes in the first half cost us:  
Palace edge Saints in thriller: Two goals from Marouane Chamakh helped Crystal Palace to a 3-2 FA Cup fou... 
FA Cup fourth round: Pardew's Crystal Palace continue winning run with 3-2 win against struggling Southam... 
REPORT: Southampton 2-3 Crystal Palace:  
Saints crash out of FA Cup on day of shocks: Saints have only the Premier League left to focus on this se... 
Saints v Crystal  Palace FA Cup picture gallery: Saints v Crystal Palace image gallery. 
FA Cup round-up: Chelsea knocked out by Bradford and Man City lose too:  
Fans flock from far and wide for Southampton's FA Cup clash with Crystal Palace: FANS have flocked from f... 
Saints v Crystal Palace: Updates as Saints take on Crystal Palace in the fourth round of the FA Cup, at S... 
Koeman to go Dutch for summer signings: RONALD Koeman has revealed he will again be targeting Dutch playe... 
Targett channels the spirit of 2003: Matt Targett was just seven when Saints last reached the FA Cup fina... 
Koeman: No new faces in January: Ronald Koeman has virtually ruled out any further signings in the Januar... 
Paper Talk: Illarramendi on Arsenal's radar: Arsenal are eyeing a £25m move for Real Madrid's Asier Illar... 
LIVE: Southampton vs Crystal Palace:  
Mané returns from injury in Senegal's draw with South Africa:  
STAT PACK: Southampton vs Crystal Palace:  
Pires at Villa? 14 footballers and the clubs you forgot they played for!:  
Koeman sings Pardew's praises: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman says Alan Pardew has turned Crystal Palace ... 
U18 PREVIEW: Southampton vs Arsenal:  
Southampton v Crystal Palace: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's FA Cup game between Southam... 
COMMENT: Saints keen to avoid dated replays: Saints will be hoping to avoid another replay when they retu... 
Southampton boss Koeman believes Palace will be a tough test: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman believes ... 
Southampton v C Palace preview: Team news for Saturday's FA Cup fourth round clash between Southampton an... 
Yoshida suffers early Asian Cup exit: Saints defender Maya Yoshida could be back for next week’s Premier ... 
Yoshida plays as Japan go out of the Asian Cup:  
Fonte: We will be at full tilt against Palace:  
Regional Paper Talk: Douglas to Costa lot: Chelsea have made an offer for Douglas Costa, Newcastle, South... 
FA Cup fourth round team news: Southampton v Crystal Palace preview: Southampton remain without a host of... 
Cork needs to decide future - Koeman: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman urges Jack Cork to make a decision a... 
Reports - Inter Milan director flies in to engineer QPR deal for on-loan Southampton star:  
'To be a top four team, we need to think like a top four team':  
Bid to be the only Saints fan with a yellow shirt:  
GALLERY: Saints duo support Together for England:  
PREVIEW: Southampton vs Crystal Palace:  
Saints flop Dani Osvaldo suspended by Inter: SAINTS loanee Dani Osvaldo’s immediate future looks unclear ... 
Saints v Palace clash in FA Cup for first time since 1976 semi final: TOMORROW’S clash at St Mary’s is th... 
Paine: Jose Fonte is the best defender in the Premier League: Jose Fonte has been described as the best d... 
Paper Talk: Hull target Lennon move: Hull are making a bold bid to sign Aaron Lennon from Tottenham, whil... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Friday, January 23:  
Ex-Saint Pardew determined to take the FA Cup seriously: Alan Pardew insists he did not dismiss the FA Cu... 
Ward-Prowse - Saints are on course for Europe: Saints might be on course to qualify for Europe via the le... 
Young Saints go back to school for England roadshow: Two of Saints’ young guns put more than 50 pupils at... 
Koeman ready for Saints to confront a 'very different' Pardew: Ronald Koeman believes Saints will face a ... 
Koeman keen to know players' plans: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is keen to secure the future of a n... 
Premier League: Ronald Koeman keen to secure Southampton player assets: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman... 
Koeman gives Cork Saints contract deadline: Ronald Koeman is hoping to settle the futures of a raft of st... 
Premier League: Concern as Southampton's Emmanuel Mayuka is stretchered off in Africa Cup of Nations: Sou... 
Concern over injured Mayuka: Southampton striker Emmanuel Mayuka is almost certain to miss Zambia’s last ... 
FA Cup success "means everything" to Ward-Prowse:  
Mixed night for Mayuka as Zambia lose:  
Fan pleads guilty to entering pitch at Southampton v Arsenal game: A 25-year-old football fan has pleaded... 
St Mary's fan pleads guilty: A fan has pleaded guilty to going into an area banned to supporters when he ... 
Mayuka scores for Zambia but goes off injured as they lose to Tunisia: Emmanuel Mayuka had an eventful af... 
Palace a different team under Pardew, says Saints boss:  
Transfer news: Jack Cork handed Southampton ultimatum by Ronald Koeman: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman... 
Koeman hands Cork ultimatum: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has given Jack Cork one week to sign a new... 
TRAINING GALLERY: Preparations for Palace:  
Date set for Under-21 Cup quarter-final:  
Transfer news: On-loan Celtic striker John Guidetti delays talks over his future: Celtic manager Ronny De... 
Southampton midfielder handed one-week contract ultimatum:  
Targett and Ward-Prowse visit St Mary's Primary School:  
Guidetti keeping options open: Celtic manager Ronny Deila has revealed that on-loan striker John Guidetti... 
Koeman to field strong side for FA Cup tie against Pardew's Crystal Palace: Saints will field a strong te... 
Koeman ultimatum to Jack Cork: Decide your Saints future by next week: Ronald Koeman has set Jack Cork a ... 
Koeman: We're treating cup and league equally:  
Regional Paper Talk: Prem clubs eye Lopes: Spurs, Aston Villa, Stoke, QPR and Sunderland are all chasing ... 
Three different  teams aiming for success in remarkable season for Saints: Saints advanced to the fifth r... 
FIVE OF THE BEST: FA Cup fourth-round home ties:  
Supercomputer reveals FINAL PL TABLE with and without transfer deals!:  
Blow for QPR! Inter Milan bad-boy back in Inter Milan training:  
VACANCY: Training Ground Porter:  
VACANCY: Retail &amp; Beverage Manager:  
Paper Talk: Blues eye Â£40m Pogba: Chelsea are eyeing a £40million swoop for Juventus' Paul Pogba and Ste... 
Transfer rumours and paper review - Thursday, January 22:  
FA YOUTH CUP REACTION: Clinton's pride at cup win:  
Former Saints ace James Beattie desperate to get back into management after colourful spell at Accrington... 
Saints in top 30 in European money league: SAINTS have taken their place in the top 30 richest clubs in Europe. 
Saints gear up for battle of the wing wizards: Saints sensation Eljero Elia and former St Mary’s star Jas... 
Saints aim to extend Pardew's run of miserable returns to St Mary's: Saints will be aiming to ensure Alan... 
FA YOUTH CUP REACTION: Limbrick delighted with shoot-out win:  
Young Saints beat Everton in FA Youth Cup: Saints U18s are through to the fifth round of the FA Youth Cup... 
FA YOUTH CUP GALLERY: A Good night's work:  
FA YOUTH CUP REPORT: Everton 1-1 Southampton (4-5 on pens):  
Free 1976 programme with FA Cup SAINTS:  
REVEALED! Top 40 transfer targets of 2015: Signing for YOUR CLUB soon?:  
Experience the FA Cup in hospitality:  
Southampton outcast lined up for switch to AC Milan:  
Ex-Saints boss Redknapp linked with move for St Mary's flop Dani Osvaldo: FORMER Saints boss Harry Redkna... 
Regional Paper Talk: Utd target Paulista: Man United will rival Arsenal for Villarreal defender Gabriel P... 
Saints' greatest top flight wins - part five: Though you only get three points whoever you beat, some vic... 
Saints' greatest top flight wins - part three: Though you only get three points whoever you beat, some vi... 
Saints' greatest top flight wins - part two: Though you only get three points whoever you beat, some vict... 
Saints' greatest top flight wins - part one: Though you only get three points whoever you beat, some vict... 
Saints match moved for live TV screening: Saints’ match away to Chelsea has been switched for live TV screening. 
Premier League: Liverpool's home clash with Manchester United among seven live Sky Sports games in March:... 
Sky live fixtures announced: Sky Sports has announced its latest live Premier League fixtures - including... 
TICKETS: Southampton vs Liverpool - 22/02/2015:  
Liverpool tickets on sale from Monday:  
Paper Talk: United warned off Marquinhos: Man United have been quoted a world record £112m for Marquinhos... 
Could Saints be just nine wins away from Champions League football?: Saints could need as few as nine win... 
History on Saints' side in Euro push: THE weight of history is firmly on Saints’ side as they chase a rem... 
Fans want Koeman to make a striking signing: A Daily Echo fans poll has revealed the majority want Ronald... 
Toffees crunch for Saints young guns: SAINTS travel to Merseyside tonight aiming to reach the last 16 of ... 
Revealed: The Premier League’s best free-kick takers!:  
FA YOUTH CUP PREVIEW: Everton vs Southampton:  
TRAINING GALLERY: Saints back to work ahead of Palace:  
Regional Paper Talk: Clyne on Reds radar: Liverpool have been boosted in their pursuit of Southampton's N... 
RUMOUR MILL, January 20 - Clyne linked to Liverpool: The Daily Echo brings you a round-up of the transfer... 
Yoshida helps Japan to Asian Cup quarter-finals: Maya Yoshida has helped Japan qualify for the quarter-fi... 
RUMOUR: Southampton linked with Man City striker: RONALD Koeman is being linked with a move for a striker... 
Hospitality options for Crystal Palace still available:  
Yoshida helps Japan to third straight win:  
Records broken as Palace cup tie sells out:  
Paine: Koeman has the Midas touch: Saints legend Terry Paine has hailed Ronald Koeman’s Midas touch in th... 
Paper Talk: United put Â£50m fee on De Gea: Man United will demand £50m from Real Madrid for David De Gea... 
Lift-off at last for the flying Dutchman: He has cost his last three clubs a total of around 23 million E... 
Findlay is king of the Castle: WINCHESTER Castle’s Stuart Findlay has become the third Hampshire Premier ... 
Queues at St Mary's for FA Cup tickets: Saints’ FA Cup fourth-round tie against Crystal Palace is heading... 
Saints set for FA Cup sell out:  
Mane a sub for Senegal's AFCON opener: Sadio Mane has been named among the substitutes for Senegal’s open... 
Done deals! The 10 most expensive transfers between British clubs ever:  
Run for Saints!:  
Regional Paper Talk: Reds chase Benzema: Liverpool to spend £40m on Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema, wh... 
Fonte: St James' win meant the world to us:  
Elia grateful for Saints support: Eljero Elia is keen to repay Southampton's "trust" in him, starting wit... 
LOAN WATCH: Stephens strikes in Swindon success:  
Paper Talk: Paulista reveals Arsenal bid: Villarreal defender Gabriel Paulista insists Arsenal are trying... 
FA Cup tickets on general sale:  
Flying Dutchman Elia expresses his gratitude to Saints: As he watched the ball hit the back of the net, E... 
No more laughs as Koeman gets serious about Champions League: Ronald Koeman says he is not laughing any m... 
Koeman: Discipline the key to getting the best out of Elia: Ronald Koeman believes Eljero Elia is already... 
TALKING POINTS: Koeman's post-Newcastle Utd press conference:  
Mayuka helps Zambia to draw in AFCON opener:  
Jose Fonte not getting carried away after Southampton's win at Newcastle: Jose Fonte insists Southampton ... 
Elia grateful to Koeman: New Southampton signing Eljero Elia has thanked manager Ronald Koeman for having... 
Premier League: Eljero Elia is grateful to Ronald Koeman for bringing him to Southampton: New Southampton... 
Koeman thanks Saints supporters:  
Paper Talk: Real want United Bale swap: Man United have been offered Real Madrid ace Gareth Bale for Davi... 
MATCH GALLERY: An El of a win!:  
Two-goal Elia delighted with Toon win:  
Koeman: We can stay in top four: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman remains convinced his side can maintain t... 
Ronald Koeman: Southampton can finish in Premier League top four:  
Elia: This means everything to  me: Eljero Elia thanked everyone at Saints for showing so much faith in h... 
Koeman: Win over Newcastle better than Man United: Proud Saints boss Ronald Koeman believes his side’s 2-... 
Premier League: Eljero Elia brace sends Southampton to 2-1 win at Newcastle: A brace from on-loan Eljero ... 
Newcastle 1 Southampton 2: Elia fires Saints back to third: Eljero Elia bagged his first two Saints goals... 
Newcastle 1 Southampton 2 - in pictures: All the action from Barclays Premier League match at St James' P... 
REPORT: Newcastle United 1-2 Southampton:  
Newcastle 1-2 Southampton: Elia double steers Saints to victory:  
Lambert nets for Liverpool: Saints legend Rickie Lambert netted a for Liverpool in their 2-0 win over Ast... 
Newcastle United v Southampton: Updates as Saints take on Newcastle United in today's Premier League matc... 
Koeman: Saints have belief: Ronald Koeman says Southampton's players are slowly starting to believe they ... 
Ronald Koeman: Saints have belief: Ronald Koeman insists his Southampton players are slowly starting to b... 
Carver "feared the worst" after St Mary's trouncing: John Carver has admitted he feared the worst for New... 
Wanyama: We are ready for the Champions League: Victor Wanyama believes the current Saints side are alrea... 
Long: United win has earned us respect: Shane Long expects Saints will have to deal with teams showing th... 
LIVE: Newcastle United vs Southampton:  
Paper Talk: Arsenal, Everton eye winger: Arsenal and Everton are chasing Almeria winger Edgar, Chelsea wa... 
Fraser chasing record: FRASER Forster is on course for the best defensive record in Premier League histor... 
Saints chase an away day win record: AWAY the lads! 
AWAY DAY GUIDE: Newcastle United vs Southampton:  
STAT PACK: Newcastle United vs Southampton:  
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman wins managerial award for masterminding win over Manchester United: IT was... 
Elia hoping to build on perfect start:  
Southampton to wear third kit for Newcastle United clash: SAINTS will play in their yellow third strip wh... 
Mourinho: Referee agreed with me that he made a big error against Saints: Jose Mourinho has admitted refe... 
Koeman: Scrap FA Cup replays: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman believes FA Cup replays should be scrapped. 
Premier League: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman wants cup replays scrapped: Southampton manager Ronald ... 
Regional Paper Talk: Toure future doubt: Man City midfielder Yaya Toure has revealed he is unsure of his ... 
Newcastle v Southampton preview: Team news for Saturday's Premier League clash between Newcastle and Sout... 
Premier League: Newcastle v Southampton team news: John Carver is unlikely to see Newcastle's injury list... 
Hunter keeping young Saints grounded: Saints technical director Martin Hunter is keeping his under 21s si... 
Enjoy the FA Cup in style:  
Davis wants to make it hat-trick on the road:  
Yoshida helps Japan to second win:  
Newcastle United v Southampton: Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Premier League game betwe... 
U18 PREVIEW: Places up for grabs, says Limbrick:  
Newcastle will want revenge, says Koeman:  
Paper Talk: United ready to spend big: Mats Hummels, Kevin Strootman, Nathaniel Clyne and Seamus Coleman ... 
RUMOUR MILL, January 16 - Manchester United linked with Saints defender Clyne: Manchester United are bein... 
PREVIEW: Newcastle United vs Southampton:  
Saints in yellow for Toon trip:  
Transfer rumours and paper review – Friday, January 16:  
Toon caretaker aims to step out of ex-Saint Pardew's Newcastle shadow: John Carver is adamant he is his o... 
Reed all about it!: RONALD Koeman is facing a huge midfield dilemma tomorrow as he faces up to the prospe... 
Koeman questions need for cup replays: Ronald Koeman says he won’t waste energy worrying about Saints’ in... 
Koeman won't panic over Saints' injury woes: RONALD Koeman won’t attempt to solve Saints’ injury woes by ... 
Saints' belief stems from more than United result: The outside footballing world is finally taking Saints... 
Saints youngsters into quarter-finals after cup victory over Norwich: There was cup success on consecutiv... 
Busy week won't hit Saints' energy levels, Davis vows: Saints have endured a demanding week already – but... 
U21 GALLERY: Saints see off Canaries at St Mary's:  
U21 REACTION: McQueen pleased to be back among the goals:  
U21 REPORT: Southampton 2-0 Norwich City:  
Limited tickets for QPR available:  
Premier League Preview Show:  
FIVE OF THE BEST: Memorable matches at Newcastle:  
Regional Paper Talk: Reds going for a Song: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is pondering a summer swoop fo... 
Bialkowski: That was a horrible game to watch!: FORMER Saints keeper Bartosz Bialkowski declared last nig... 
DID YOU KNOW: Ten facts about Newcastle United:  
Premier League Previews – Fixtures, team news and live commentary:  
Ticket details for Southampton's FA Cup match against Crystal Palace: SAINTS have revealed the details ti... 
MATCH GALLERY: No cup blues for Saints:  
U21 PREVIEW: Preparation is key, says Hunter:  
U21 PREVIEW: Gape set for St Mary's return:  
Paper Talk: Arsenal eye Dortmund duo: Arsenal are ready to begin talks with Borussia Dortmund over a £63m... 
