@joesonka Thank goodness go term limits. After seeing this, I don't know how I could ever vote for Obama again.
@anamariecox @MarkHalperin Wait a second. ScottWalker gets A- in style?He looks like SoupySales &amp; his eyelids go to half mast when he talks.
As Bird Flu Emergency Spreads 4 Million Chickens To Be Killed 

—sounds like a job for Col. Sanders 


Gary Snyder—85

"I thought, that day I started,
I sure would hate to do this all my life.
And dammit, that's just what
I've gone and done."
Student activists win as U of L declines to renew contract with JanSport over sweatshop concerns
@joesonka 

Karl Rove: It’s Time to End Calls of Repealing Obamacare 
Psychologist's 'Crazy' Idea Is Helping To End Homelessness 

The overwhelming whiteness of America’s unhealthiest place 
WashPost calls for immigration as remedy to E KY poverty.

The Dirt Underneath—THE BITTER SOUTHERNER
America’s grandest experiment in the de-industrialization of agriculture?
 
BBC—Pop music 'saw three revolutions' 
UK Result: Cameron hang on. Silly Party win. Martha Coakley, shadow minister of stew, loses to SNP umbrella stand.


Pope meets Harlem Globetrotters
Beatification of Meadowlark Lemmon nearly complete. 
 
Election 2015: What's important for rural voters in Britain?
 
More North Carolina Residents Warned Of Contaminated Drinking Water 
93% of homes near ash dump tested positive

Bank Of America Backs Away From Funding Coal Projects 

Liberals win Alberta election as Canada's oil sands dump conservatives 
—US top oil supplier having a rethink


JoeKlein
To be a party of inclusion, Democrats must reach out to those currently excluded from its identity politics.

WashPost—Peer reviewed scientific study: EPA's curbs on coal burning will save thousands of lives 


Duke Seeks Delay in Suit Over North Carolina Coal Ash Spill 
Don't want to face stockholders before they settle w/DOJ

Rural Lags in 'Well Being,' Says New Study | Daily Yonder | Keep It Rural 
The Bradley Foundation’s Agenda Setting: The Intersection with Partisan Politics - NPQ - Nonprofit Quarterly 
Old horse player's prayer: O Lord, please let me break even today, because I sure need the money. 
Tesla unveils battery to power homes
 
Rural Childhood Poverty Gap Widens—
Youngest have it worst. Rural poverty rates the highest.

Met BBKing
at Nat.HeritageAwards. MorganSexton also won. BB treated ancient banjo player in overalls as a true peer.
 
State of the US coal sector "unsustainable" and navigating the market will be a matter of awaiting the "shakeout"


In 50-49 vote, US Senate says climate change not caused by humans 
When the night has come
And the land is dark
And the moon’s the only light we'll see
No, I won't be afraid
Oh, I won't be afraid
~Ben E.King
Roundup: Hospitals As Economic Engines 
"Even in the poorest communities, small hospitals can thrive."

Study: 1 In 6 Species Could Disappear Due To Climate Change 
 
I'm not a scientist, but ...
 
Vermont Aims at Regional Food System 
a farm to plate strategic plan


White House Denies Planning Military Takeover Of Texas
Not worth the candle.
Oklahoma a more strategic target.

Outside is a rally to 'Scratch Out Child Abuse.'
2nd place slogan: 'Don't Make Me Take Off My Belt to Child Abuse' 
Charles Benton, pioneer in independent media, advocate for free internet &amp;big hearted philanthropist.
So long old pal 
@mimipick That elephant didn't start the fire.
Jack Ely dies. Sang Louie Louie.
Slurred words because of braces.
FBI investigated misheard dirty lyric.
We gotta go. 
Nepal's Rural Poor, Hardest Hit By Earthquake, Now Face Massive Health Threat 
Hospitals Provide Pulse in Struggling Rural Towns 
“We have to focus on what we do well and partner with others...”


Coal industry set for shake-out after prices halve 
The Charleston Gazette | Robert J. Byers: The tortured hills of West Virginia 
@smileyboa Perfect time for Bring Your Pug to the Park Game. Give them run of the place.
Big Coal’s big scam: scar the land for profit, then let others pay to clean up | George Monbiot #keepitintheground 
Mountaintop Removal Closes In
communities near mountaintop removal mines lose population faster, have higher poverty

The Orioles Are Going To Play White Sox In Front Of An Empty Stadium

beer sales to stop after 3rd inning 
AT&amp;T Fires President Over Racist Text

...but they still think his bigotry against network neutrality was just
 
When you can see five screens and a microwave and they're all playing Night at the Museum 2 
#cofannual 
Environmental Grantmakers reception 


Rural by Choice: Maria Sykes | Daily Yonder | Keep It Rural
Giving up Atlanta for Green River, Utah 
Speak Your Piece: Another Reality | Daily Yonder | Keep It Rural 
Following—Driving While Indian

4 plead guilty in Ponzi scheme claiming to help Ky. coal miners 


#COFAnnual starts day with film of cute kids mouthing internet freedom talking points. If AT&amp;T or Comcast had tried that, Defcon 1.
Darren Walker, Ford Foundation re digital: We've gone from being a society of citizens to a society of consumers. 
#COFAnnual

"McConnell accuses us of 'ratcheting up the rhetoric.' But considering what science says is at... 
Unlikely partners: with US sales down Utah investing $53 million to export coal through Oakland port 


BBC—China clampdown on strippers at rural funerals.  
Bluebell Island Trail Re-opens 
Regret to Inform You: Coal Blasting Rages On 
"The legal wife of Lyle Jeffs ... has filed for divorce and wants custody of some of her children”

~all been there.

EKY 5th Graders with a grant start Any Thing That Floats LLC to recycle tires pulled from Tug River.

#eklf15 

Pappy Van Winkle story is wack.Saw a bottle of the 12 yr. old on sale for $500  in DC.
 It’s bourbon. The wrong thieves are going to jail.
Today is Wm. Shakespeare’s birthday and death day.
“... we that are young 
Shall never see so much, nor live so long."
Sure sign of spring. Bear returns to Church Street. 
Most wells near Duke Energy ash ponds contaminated 
Frankfort committee orders independent CPA firm to examine Yum! Center financing - 
By @joesonka !
Insider Louisville 
'Cigarettes For Bees' May Be Responsible For The Insect's Decline
—Insecticides related to nicotine 
@walkyourcamera Reminds me of when we were doing Stranger with a Camera. Neither side deserves a get-out-of-jail-free card. I like your work
Why a Confrontation Between Photographers &amp;Locals Turned Ugly in WestVirginia
~Good piece of work by @walkyourcamera

#askmarty Whatever happened to Joe Oliver, Todd Benzinger, and Tony Cingrani? Do you know if they will be around for the weekend festivity?
10 Unexpected Life Lessons From A Small-Town Obituary Writer 
Mine Games: How Federal Coal Program Loopholes Can Cheat Taxpayers 
~undervaluation by vertical integration

The Critical Question next election for economically stressed toss-up voters will be ‘will I lose my insurance?’


@robertoge Are they put together by mice?
To fight drunk driving HazardHigh had GrimReaper pull 10 students from class then conducted mock funerals
#actionEd15 
Harlan Co student senate plan includes using technology to deal with shortage of books &amp; books kids aren't allowed to take home.
#actionEd15
Daily Yonder study—Immigration Brings Economic Benefits to Rural America - NPQ - Nonprofit Quarterly 
People will tell you that Pikeville, KY is a cultural wasteland. But they haven't seen what I've seen. 
'Doom and gloom' pervasive: Half of public coal sector expected to report losses

 
Jeff Hawkins, my old radio partner, once Exec.VP of Realistic Uniform Co.
Now leader of $30M Race To The Top project 
Solar plane aims for Chinese coast 
The blank verse of Reds manager, Bryan Price: 
Again the Pulitzer for knife sharpening does not go to me.
What becomes of a dream deferred? Does it dull and rust like a blade in a puddle?
Biden on #coal~choice is either stepping up &amp;helping these communities through inevitable transition or undermining that for political gain.
rural homeless less visible and frequently less well served
NPQ~Nonprofits in Rural America Face Deepening Problems 

In The News: nooses in Livonia,MI &amp; racist rap in Grapevine,TX.
Not mentioned: Livonia’s beside Detroit &amp;Grapevine's in Dallas Co
~not rural
Immigration Linked to Rural Economic Gains


Bloomberg: Here’s What China Closing Coal-Power Plants Means for Emissions 
—a big deal in the long run

@wildcatnews Roseboro, Ron Fairley?, &amp; Gilliam
Cost of German solar is 4x cost of Finnish nuclear

 
Rand Paul, "big coal” &amp; the EPA

"What’s killing the coal industry is not federal regulation—it’s market forces”


Learn about the gap in inequality 
Meet the lawyer taking on Uber and the rest of the on-demand economy 
A Removed Snowden Sculpture Inspires a Hologram in Its Place 

What artists can do, oligarchs can't—paint me a story.
rhino habitat threatened by coal mine in South Africa

A Lot of Chinese People Are Dying Because of Pollution: estimate of 670,000 in 2012


Veronica Mars:  vaccinate your children 
'Facts are your friends'

Great piece in the Yonder linking immigration to rural economic strength.


TheGuardian: Cheap coal is a lie –Al Gore  
"...days of coal as a source of energy are numbered"

West Virginia orders chemical disclosure from coal prep plant operators


Squids, shrimps, &amp; egg plants. 
WSAZ's Mr.Cartoon Dies at Age 91 
He brought Popeye the Sailor Man to countless hillbilly kids like me. Especially me

5 Stories About Bob Dylan 
Told By Guy Dylan Dubbed 'Mr. Tambourine Man'
 
Be Modest 
Wisht Pal's would go back to them old cups. Won't fit my cup holder.

—Said they changed em to fit new cars.

Not everbody's got a new car
$6.95 buffet
Lynn Garden Restaurant
Kingsport, TN
choice of 2 meats, 6 vegetables, salad &amp; cobbler 
BULLDOZED
3.3 million forced from their homes to make way for World Bank projects to fight poverty 
 
Rural Democrats not happy with party committees and choices to give up on male and rural voters

High water on Coal River in WV
3 floods in a month
 
Elected officials pass coal industry letter off as their own 
Part of campaign to mine federal land for $1 a ton


"Big Country" 
Christie: "If I Run, I Will Beat Hillary Clinton"

Chris Christie not planning to run for President.  
Second suit filed over coal ash and TVA inaction cleaning up Cumberland River


If you want something to play with
Go and find yourself a toy
Baby, my time is too expensive
And I'm not a little boy

So long Percy Sledge
Quitman County, Mississippi Delta.
Photo by Adam Fernandez 

Before you go, Milt, just one more story—
CourierTimes 
“The memory of the righteous is a blessing"

#ServeRural
ht…
Job Loss Returns to Rural U.S. 
BillBishop in the DailyYonder


Florida Ex-Senator Bob Graham Pursues Claims of Saudi Ties to Sept. 11 Attacks 



Rural by Choice:Rachel Reynolds Luster 
organizing food producers &amp;artisans from home and running a one-room library 

Coal's Future Fueling Global Conflicts~ABC
Demise of fuel that powered the Industrial Revolution inevitable?

China's coal imports fall nearly half in 12 months as anti-pollution drive bites 
Coal producer Xinergy, subsidiaries file for bankruptcy: 
Where trouble melts like lemon drops
High above the chimney top
That's where you'll find me 
#COYL2015


No one at husband school teaches you how to make a flower out of a paper plate. That's why women invented the YouTube 
Activists Slam WV Board Of Education For Watering Down Climate Change Guidelines 
For eleven months a year the red bud is a scrawny excuse for a tree. But today he's a strutter. 
Published 90yrs ago today~The Great Gatsby
"his dream must have seemed so close"
Bill Nack recites the closing lines

Speak Your Piece: Choosing to Look Away 
Stinky rumors and roadkill can all be handled the same way.


Life in the (Sort of) Fast Lane 
getting bandwidth and broadband speed on the rural CA/AZ border.


S.Car. officers exonerated in more than 200 shootings

~If it is not on video, did it really happen?


Documents show possible fraud in Louisville sewer district diversity program.
journalism by @joesonka

Cognitive Dissonant Sir Michael Bloomberg Gives $30 Million to Sierra Club While Supporting Fracking - 

Rush to humiliate the poor
MO State Rep introduces bill to stop poor from buying steaks with food stamps.
#eatMOreps


Philanthropy’s Misguided Ideas for Fixing Poverty: The Limits of Free Markets and Place-based Initiatives
NPQ

Rural Libraries and Broadband Adoption 
correlation between home and library use.

Coal falls to levels last seen before ‘08 credit crunch - Mineweb 
Rand Paul's KY GOP Formula
Anti-war, anti-prison, pro-dope, anti-snooping, laissez faire, pro-knucklehead &amp;anti-elite

What Ails Rural Philanthropy &amp; What Must Be Done~Nonprofit Quarterly 
Making sense of scant resources and weak data

Does mountaintop removal create 'sacrifice zones?’
"people in mountaintop removal communities are sick and dying”


Going Digital
Rural America can be "a creative center for small business development across the board"

Speak Your Piece: 29 Dead, Nothing Changed 
‘Twin Peaks’ Hits Snag 
Because that's what you do in a town where a yellow light still means slow down &amp;not speed up

NYTimes: Jeb Bush lists himself as Hispanic on Voter Form 
Native American Elizabeth Warren's heart goes out

"If there's a war on coal, it's international."
And coal's losing.
Only 4publicly traded coal companies in the black.

Investigation into Rolling Stone U.Va rape story exposes smug journalism. Shouldn't even be trusted to rate guitarists or say who's in rehab
There's only one way to deal with a broken heart. Casablanca and cognac. 

Which States Use Mood-Altering Drugs the Most?
The South has the most pill-heads with WV ranked first, KY third.


Lexington Herald-Leader rundown of where to watch the UK game:
Two Keys Tavern. Opens 11 A.M. To get a table arrive by 11:30.

Tip's 8:49

BBC—Kraft accused of wheat price fixing.

"It's the taxes on the farmer feed us all" 
Rural by Choice:"Small towns are great at providing everything you need, but perhaps not everything you want"
#Stones

David Letterman: 'This Is Not The Indiana I Remember As A Kid' (VIDEO) @TPM 
@wildcatnews Louie Dampier. Hubie Brown asked if there was any ABA player that no one knows how good he really was. He said one, Dampier.
Study: As energy sector grew by 125,000 jobs in 5 years, coal industry lost nearly 50,000 jobs.

KY Gov: gay marriage ban not discriminatory~Allows neither gay nor straight to marry people of the same sex.
So there

A deceased brother, and The Star's editorial 
“Fix This Now"

Jonquils at rest. 
"And then my heart with pleasure fills,
And dances with the daffodils."
Wm. Wordsworth 
Union mines in Appalachia safer, more productive

Pages/News/Article.aspx?cdid=A-31867608-11563&amp;FreeAccess=1 @taykuy
BBC—G20 Scores Own Goal
Leaks world leaders' personal &amp; credit data to Brisbane organizers of Asian Cup soccer.  
New Archaeological Find Suggests Mary Magdalene Was Actually A Size 12


Who’s protecting abusive payday lending? Follow the money. 


@wickering Both.
Joel Pett cartoon on big money government: March 29 

@kevintrapani @USATODAY Local TV had side angle. Grant gets full arm push on Willie. Been miraculous, but not pristine. Laettner won't die.
Aboriginal group fights to stop $16bn Carmichael coalmine, Australia’s largest 
—culture vs. wages


Undefeated Kentucky's biggest W has been somehow eliminating pressure 
How Giving Homes To The Homeless Reduces Homelessness
 
Legacy of Coal: Prairies From Kentucky Mountains 
Trying to reforest strip mined hillsides


Nude, ash-streaked Dick Vitale observed loudly proclaiming: this is what March Madness is all about

 
Speak Your Piece: Everyone Plays 
NCAA's response to Indiana's bigoted 'Religious Freedom' law is perfect 
Solar-powered roads: Coming to a highway near you? 
China’s solar boom is shifting the country from its coal dependence 

@cohenreport Problem with contest philanthropy is illusion of fairness. We expect contests, unlike philanthropy, to be fair to all entrants.
BBC—Gold in faeces

One million Americans poop $13million in precious metal. 

Some think theirs even more valuable 
Louisville Slugger sold to Wilson 
Sundowner 
Cuz, don't do it 
"Do the John wall NOW"
Kentucky vs. West Virginia

@KySportsRadio #bbn  
In College and Hiding From Scary Ideas

Self-infantilization vs. Making safe spaces


BBC: Academics to draw up fossil fuel disinvestment plan before Brisbane summit. 
 


Bloomberg: What if March Madness Were Played With Presidential Candidates? 
The Biggest Source Of U.S. Carbon Emissions Is Coal Extracted From Public Lands 

Sunset, Puako 
@ruralj If chalk U of L beats UCI, there's no story. And if announcer finds excitement in Louisville style of play, he's a relative.

ht…
Alternative media pioneer Danny Schechter, the News Dissector, dead at 72
Produced South Africa Now
So long old pal


McConnell Recruits States To Fight For Dirtier Air
 
@wildcatnews I went to grade school with Ira. Every time I heard him on radio, it brought back rich memories. So terribly sorry.
Grant land: Kentucky Is the Only Team That Matters 
"savor the absurdity"

Bill O’Reilly: Obama had ‘nothing to do’ with killing Osama bin Laden 

O’Reilly knows. Was standing at Osama’s door

Beautiful, heartbreaking look at abuse &amp;healing in Alaska
Fearless Fight Against Historical Trauma, the Yup’ik Way -  
KY Sports Assoc v. Cordia: Win or Go Home
Willie Davis’ look at ball, race, &amp;what schools do
fine writing by my kid
 

Former mine inspector says former law maker &amp;current coal operator Keith Hall paid him off.  $46,000 in bribes 





Ky. Sports Assoc. v. Cordia: Win or Go Home
Powerful story
Rodrick Rhodes now admits he was forced out of UK.
#bbn 

Samuel Beckett said he could not imagine the Irish ever gave a fart in its corduroys for any form of art whatsoever 
Congress coming after net neutrality. They either think Comcast and AT&amp;T aren't getting paid enough or their service isn't yet crummy enough
Scott Adams

"Dance like it hurts,/ Love like you need money,/ Work when people are watching."
 
Voltaire's use of public opinion as a tool to fight injustice.


Check out T.Ray's Film Review: 'Rich Hill' 

Nice multimedia coverage in the Daily Yonder:
Rural Young People: 'A Lot in Common' 
BBC—Oxford to rule on coal, oil sands investments
#coal #oil
 
Australia's stranded coal assets - MacroBusiness 
I loved your work in Divergent. 
Turtles all the way down 
I am the eel whisperer.
Goo goo g'joob 
Sunset. Big Island.
Waiting for flash of green. 

@JayBilas Driving to the basket became playing downhill the day after off the dribble became on the bounce.
6 airports &amp; 5,000 miles later. Sometimes — destination &gt; journey. 
6 airports &amp; 5,000 miles later we arrive KOA where the US dips south of Egypt and sea turtles endure.

Destination &gt; Journey
Day started with 2cab drivers q


@rurallbbpolicy
This is the time of year I realize I really just care about basketball. The other bourgeois can take care of itselves.
47GOP Senators didn't betray the US, they just thought it'd be cool to post their video singing fraternity songs on the way to spring formal
The 47 GOP Senators did not become traitors when they sent the letter to Iran. They became the Dixie Chicks.

<MUSICAL SCORE>Cowboy take me away
Kentucky Sued In Federal Court Over Drug Treatment Practices
 
Rural Youth on Challenge to Create More Vibrant Towns

“So that’s our job today, is to ask, ‘where is the cabbage?’”


Indian Country, Upper Wisconsin
Photo by Mary Annette Pember 
Sides await attorney general's decision on $7 million Yum! Center! contract!dispute! - Insider Louisville 
@joesonka 

@tarenceray 
"Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself." 
Mark Twain
Joel Pett on McConnell, EPA, coal
 


Driving While Indian 
fine piece by Mary Annette Pember in @DailyYonder


Cornbread: God's gift to the Indian. Indian's gift to the hillbilly. Hillbilly's re-gift to the world. 
ParisReview of 1935 book—American Roadtrip:
"And on a chilly November morning we left New York for America”


NewSouthWales—OPINION: Destroying homes and history 
#coal

Low Cost Wind Energy Could Breathe New Life Into Coal Power Plants 




@Rural…
This Day 1965 BobDylan's Subterranean Homesick Blues was released. 

AllenGinsberg &amp;Donovan wrote cue cards for film 
@RoseLykins Get better Rose. Greater West Liberty—home of the best Cat fan, CaneyCreekRose &amp;my favorite living artist, Pam Oldfield Meade.


“Reflections Upon My First Home Run” 
by @_nickwolfson

A “we want a pitcher, not a belly itcher” chant from melting 
Woman in TN sets hair on fire for Jesus, climbs tree, demands drugs and a ride home to KY

Lesson: Just Say No to TN


“Why All Americans Should Cheer the FCC’s Network Neutrality Decision” by @JGonzalezNHMC 


Will Assistant Coach Boeheim's Olympic wins be vacated now? Asking for a friend. 
Krugman•NYTimes: Pepperoni Turns Partisan 
—there is a clear correlation between lifestyles and partisan orientation


‘Calvin and Hobbes’: America’s most profound comic strip


Beloved in Kentucky, but Benched for the Wildcats 
—in Calipari’s handwriting, three words stood out: “Do Your Job.”

Everyone talks about damage this storm is causing, never the damage it delays. 

Kentucky General Assembly closed until Monday.
Grand Marais, MN~America’s Coolest Small Town
Canoeing, B&amp;Bs, arts, restaurants, Fisherman's Picnic &amp; National Forest

Shockingly Simple Cost-Effective Way to End Homelessness
~Providing a place to live is a cheaper alternative


Willie Davis nails the building anxiety in the BBN 


Trahant: The New Voting Bloc 
So what do these trends mean for Indian Country? We will have more to say.

CheckThisOut—
Of gods and men: How Kentucky became college basketball’s action-hero team
By @iamwilliedavis 


You don't know what you'll do when you're put under pressure
Across 110th St. is a hell of a tester

Safe journey Bobby Womack
Magic metamaterials

Imagine a car bumper that becomes very soft if you drive in neighborhood with lots of small kids 

#SaveRural @ruralhealth 
Road Trip To Where Eagles Dare 
jaunt brings birds to congregate where there is open water &amp; ample fish supply. 

nice~
Rural by Choice 
When my husband and I first settled in East TX, it was hard. Life behind the Pine Curtain... 

Archaeologists discover what may be the lost ‘City of the Monkey God’ — which ‘must never be found’ 

uh-oh

Philadelphia Inquirer—PNC to cut back financing of mountaintop removal

#coal

Kentucky General Assembly passes AT&amp;T bill confirming that democracy can still play a role in money.
Memo on Dr Seuss Birthday:
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose
DukeBasketballReport:Two Women Accuse Sulaimon
This is not FSU or KY where people defend athletes at all costs.


Britain to pioneer lagoon power plants
—series of six lagoons could generate 8% of the UK's electricity 
@lisagabbott 
Library Journal weighs in on Rob Gipe's Trampoline. 
—A book you love by a guy who's not the worst


Why the Internet will be a bust:
Newsweek column 1995


Give us the last mile and we will prosper

@mimipick says real broadband will nurture entrepreneurship and creativity 
The film that is going to change China 
—100 million screenings in 2 days

#coal #climate 


Poetry Foundation 
fm @parisreview 
Van Jones says traditional civil rights groups missed on net neutrality. Says nothing about telco donation to groups


@lisagabbott Met Belafonte. Told him my Dad said Mom loved you more than him. He said look at you, curly hair, flat nose.
I am your father
WallStJournal: Glencore’s market value has fallen about 10% to $60 billion since its deal to buy Xstrata 
#coal

Taking shots at Kentucky has become a March pastime?
Sporting News vs. Rolling Stone


[Chicago Slices: Minnie Minoso at Old Comiskey
Media Burn Archive
RIP
From Cuban cane fields to breaking color lines 
Give us the last mile and we will prosper

Using technology well is a civic responsibility.  
Nick Stump &amp; Frank Schaap at Summit City tonight

Metropolitan Blues Allstars: soundtrack of many misspent years 

Who Gets Food Stamps? White People, Mostly

40% white
26% black
10% hispanic 
U.S. Coal idles KY mines in Magoffin, Breathitt Counties 
Citing down market


Coal Country Split
 "War on Coal battle cry was heard &amp;I believe that is why we have the legislation we have today”


RollingStone: Is Kentucky Killing College Basketball? 
era when the sport is mired in sluggish unwatchable play
#bbn

KY Sen passes bill to punish transgender kids for peeing.

"A nation ignorant and free, never was and never will be a democracy.”
Jefferson
Need for Broadband Speed 
Without it economic opportunities circle but don’t land.Residents pay more money for crummy


When I was 9 I learned cursive.

 
Commentator Mike Pratt described the Kentucky basketball team.
“There’s an old saying. The sum of the parts is greater than all the wholes."
FCC Votes for open internet, consumer protection against monopolistic practices

House GOP vows to kill decision.


Black Population Grows at Faster Rate
even in rural


...back beyond the Mosaic creation, where crystallizations are fresh and unmelted. It is the poet's hour
H.D.Thoreau 
BBC: The girl who gets gifts from crows
—very cool for feeders of birds
 
KFC launching edible cups made out of cookies
KY where innovation goes to the hips
@wickering 

Clarence Page: How Democrats lost white voters 
Most important question in politics is simply, "Who's on my side?"



West Virginia GOPers Want To Make Enforcing Obamacare A Felony 

like sharia law where infidels have health coverage

Feb.25~Anniversary of Clay taking the title from Liston. Dad came to my room with the radio after round 4 to wake me up. You wanna hear this
Sheldon Adelson says he’d underwrite an effort to stop Rand Paul

~Why buy a cow when you can get the milk for free?


With Front Porch Forum, Internet Goes Local

@DalesFriedPies ~Vermont social media effort to check in with neighbors


Pollster Explains Why GOP Needs Record Minority Support To Win In 2016 

#thingsthatsoundbigwhenyoufirsthearthem


Now that the KY legislature has done AT&amp;T's bidding, it can get back to the serious business of shaming transgender school kids for peeing.
AT&amp;T did not have to buy the KY General Assembly. It was more like renting a mule.

History of American alcohol consumption. 
In 1790's Americans over 15 drank more than double what we drink now.


Pat Robertson: Women fuel sex trafficking by fantasizing about boiling oil in ‘50 Shades of Grey’ 

a big thumb’s up


Surprise vote—KY Senate panel sneaks through bill to punish transgender kids from peeing and pooping in wrong toilets 
Krugman
NYTimes—Knowledge Isn't Power 
"...there’s no evidence that a skills gap is holding back employment."


Report: Majority Of Mothers Would Drop Kids At Warehouse Called ‘Fun Zone’ For Hour Of Free Time, No Questions Asked


Slate: The solar business now employs more workers than coal mining does:
174,000 solar workers
#coal 

Letter from Langdon: Country Of Origin Labels and Mad Cow Disease


How weak &amp;greedy to not show clips of cinema departed? No Ruby Dee, no Lauren Bacall, no Wallach, Hoskins, Garner, Rooney, Nichols? #oscars
In a classy move Louisville Coach Rick Pitino brought Chris Jones back for one last game so he could retire as a Cardinal.
Home after a week on the road to the quinoa pancake. Whitesburg, where quinoa comes to die. 
In Breathitt's woes, lessons for SOAR

"We should think hard about devaluing more land through strip-mining."


Giuliani says Obama learned communism at 9. 

When I was 9 I learned cursive.

 
CNN: Duke Energy faces charges, $102 million in fines over #coal ash spills 




NPR and ProPublica Reject Red Cross Demand for Atonement for Reporting Agency's Hurricane Sandy botches.


On the University of North Carolina campus.
Higher education—where you can see opportunity  around every corner. 
#shitfacilitatorssay
Yesterday we didn't really put any stakes in the ground, but we did put a lot of chopsticks in. 
WV bill to back off coal mine safety progresses.  
@taykuy 


OPINION —Yonder - Star-Herald
"One of the most interesting is The Daily Yonder" 

OPINION: Yonder - Opinion - Star-Herald 
National weather service just added 9 degrees to EKy forecast. Dad told me they'll keep revising it every hour till they get it right.
@LoraEliSmith Trust you, JS and the tyke are safe &amp; warm. Brutal out there.
“Canned Email”
replaces serious words with playful ones, swaps out periods for exclamation marks, adds cheerful text

Can Jeb Bush Be His Own Man? 

donors, advisors hope not


In desperate attempt to be loved again, Rudy Giuliani drops president's name. 

 
Jim Justice buys back W.Va. coking coal ops from Mechel
@taykuy 
 
World’s Public Health Leaders Call for an End to #Coal


Ted Boettner—Nothing free market about right to work

WV effort to lower wages
 
Ed Kilgore: Is The Myth Of 'The Emerging Democratic Majority' Dead? 

spoiler alert -- the myth is still alive

I'm not a dog person. 
They snitches. 
Birds picnic 

Chinese coal ship captain arrested for sailing through Great Barrier Reef without pilot 


BBC—Huge fire after US train derails in WV 
RIP—Lesley Gore 
Don't tell me what to do
Don't tell me what to say &amp;when I go out with you, don't put me on display
 
Stand Up for Rural America snow globe.
The medium is the message. 
North Fork of the Kentucky River from the Aaron A. "Nosy" Adams Memorial Bridge, Whitesburg. 
Eskimos have 50words for snow.
Hillbillies have 3 similes for slick.
Slick as
—A minnow's dick
—A cat's ass
—Owl shit 
My grandad taught me how Indians walk in the snow. Slipped 3times coming in to work. Never fell.

Whitesburg Main St 
Obama Not Antichrist, Newspaper Correction Notes

Turns out to be the guy who invented the out-of-office email reply  
Watching NYC HS basketball. Our Savior vs. Roselle Catholic.
TV Commentator says:
"Our Savior is longer &amp; more athletic."

#humblebrag
Scientists Discover Super-Rare Alien Planet

...where Mitt Romney will someday rule
 
@tomeblen Thanks, Tom. Thought you teed up SOAR event well with the piece juxtaposing it with Save Our Mountains. Different sides, same coin
@NYFarmer yeah, everybody's a comedian.
BBC—Dumbass sniper takes contract on federal agent from federal agency.
Then confesses. 
#entrepreneurship  
Hey, Mister, that's me on the jukebox—
My oped in Lex H-L
No need to hype with real problems, real talents


SW Virginia power unlikely to fall while  coal industry struggles
Hybrid plant burns gob, biomass


There've been 3good days in history—Today,the day MartinLuther came up with transsubstantiation of souls on the privy &amp;the invention of beer
Dad &amp;his pals always talked about Hagan, Ramsey team that went 25-0 but couldn't play in the NCAA because of UK point shaving.

Today 25-0.
New Archaeological Find Suggests Mary Magdalene Was Actually A Size 12


25th Anniversary

Me: I never go a day without thinking how lucky I am.
Her: I never go a day without thinking how I can make you better.
Competing bills. One to stop mountaintop removal strip mining, one to remove more mountaintops. 
By @taykuy
@coal 


The Sweet Spot: A Dark and Scary Craving 
David Carr on bad boy creed.


On the eve of my 25th anniversary I offer you all this advice: Find a good hearted woman and trick her.
Nebraska Judge Halts Eminent Domain For Keystone Pipeline Route
Can rural ranchers beat the moguls? 
As Jr.  Soprano told us, it comes in threes — Dean Smith, Tark the shark, &amp;David Carr. But the last one changed the game.

More Significant Digits: 
ht…
Why a great principal burned out &amp;what might have prevented it 
—great piece about my nephew, Nat

Local philanthropy crucial

Will SOAR become a black hole of ceaseless meetings or a model for community engagement?
 
Don't rush through flawed AT&amp;T bill
On their way to richer profits phone companies want to ditch service obligations
 
R.Oswald:
When an acquaintance said she had tickets to a Barry Manilow concert, my first reaction was to ask “Why?”


Joel Pett cartoon on Kentucky smoking 
We're number 1


Internet.

#NetNeutra…
Report indicates manufacturing could replace lost #coal jobs in SW Virginia

 
The Murky and Troubling Maze Behind Adani's Australian #Coal Projects 


Tom Eblen: Discussions of Eastern Kentucky's future must navigate #coal clout
 
Daily Yonder: Net Neutrality and Rural 
"This is a David vs. Goliath fight”


Telephone Deregulation Debate—KET 
Or how phone companies want a bill that lets them cut service and get paid more


KET's KY Tonight program debates telephone deregulation, service.
@FitzKRC and @mimipick vs. the Archduke Ferdinand and Vlad the Impaler
Politics and the Uses and Abuses of Nonprofits - Nonprofit Quarterly 


Upcoming SOAR summit to include U.S. labor secretary Perez, White House drug official
 
Krugman: 'Nobody Understands Debt'
—if everyone slashes debt at the same time, incomes go down all around the world
 
Smaller Appalachian #coal producers with backyard mines await shift in demand, prices 


Cheered MichiganFab5 eliminating UNC in NCAA. Came back to hotel. Rode elevator with DeanSmith consoling a weeping player. 
Coaches matter.
Transcript of amazing 2015 Dylan speech:
Sang nothing but these folk songs, and they gave me the code for everything


Former Duke All-American caught flashing college students.

#bbn 
WSJournal—lowest-cost #coal producers around the world are trying to drive the higher-cost producers out of business


Bambi 1 &amp; 2 on their Saturday morning visit, browsing the yard for bargains like neighbors off to a flea market— 
Krugman:Approaching Moment Of Truth
—trucks loaded with dynamite barreling toward each other on narrow mountain road
 
Self-Help Housing Could Face Cuts 
would hurt poor, rural communities


FCC on why Net Neutrality 
for right of users to go where they want, &amp; introduce products without asking permission.


Editorial: RandPaul went from looking like a serious reformer and consensus builder... to looking like a doofus.


Post Snowden, how much moral outrage do we want to invest in the fact that a newscaster passed along a yarn as truth?

Asking for a friend.
Lawmakers have second thoughts about trainloads of out of state garbage now being dumped in E KY. 


Queenslanders say no to more taxpayer money for coalmines, says poll

$2Billion was enough


World's biggest sovereign wealth fund dumps dozens of coal companies 

#coal

BBC: Relocated chimps learn local grunts
—part hair differently, start wearing black in order to fit in 
First people you meet in hell:
1.Guy who invented sandwich wraps.
2.Person who came up with out of office email reply.
3.Karl Rove
Jeb Bush discloses his mom's fling with Muhammad Ali: "My dad is the greatest man alive. If anyone disagrees, we’ll go outside."



ScientificAmerican—Clean Coal Power Plant Killed, Again 


Abandoned Mine Land Memorial

#coal 

#rural

htt…
Obama plan would help restart E. Ky. 

#coal 

Harper Lee inks Two Kill a Mockingbird.
R. W. Johnson Fdn, Fdn for Healthy KY, &amp; ARC to look at why East KY is the least healthy region in the US. 


Obama proposes $1 billion lifeline for parts of Appalachia where #coal jobs vanished.
—fixing up what's broken

 
Dutch 'Bullet-proof fashion' store opens
Good for people in dangerous jobs and visitors to the US.
 
Rand Paul: Thinks Vaccines Dangerous
~ wants protection against polio and smallpox to be individual preference


Budget Proposes Mine Reclamation Jobs 
Would let out of work miners fix land that coal companies stripped &amp;abandoned 

Christie Says Parents Should Have 'Choice' on Vaccinatons

Make polio, diphtheria, smallpox optional?
 
Obama budget has 1 $Billion for reclaiming abandoned strip mines &amp; retraining out of work #coal miners.
Good for central Appalachia.
Remember at the end of Hoosiers when Gene Hackman calls the old picket fence play and the team says no, give the ball to Marshawn?

#Seahawk
Coal operator James Booth's unpaid mine health &amp;safety fines become baggage for SOAR.
On exec. board &amp; a UK Trustee
 
Queensland—Labor pulls off stunning victory

Opposed mining #coal around the Great Barrier Reef


PA &amp; nation must look to energy options beyond coal

capacity is outpacing demand while the coal industry cries poor


Abbot Point and Barrier Reef coal controversy loom large in Qld election


RickCohen~Political Poverty-phobia &amp; the Future of Community Action:
Will  any president mention “poverty” again?  


School Funding Cuts Hit Harder in Rural 
places with federal land bear a disproportionately large share of the cuts





FCC changed definition of broadband. Increased minimum speed 6X.
Means AT&amp;T and Verizon won’t still be able to call slow service broadband.
US No Longer Actual Democracy
rather it is an oligarchy of the elites

...says study from Princeton


Richard Oswald: Blinded by the Light 
Opponents of Country of Origin Labels on food fudge the data, seek the darkness

The X-Files:  A Guide to Rural America
Urban Americans will be easy to colonize. Skinny jeans limit mobility.


MIT Study Deflates Hopes For Clean Coal Carbon Capture &amp; Storage

Most carbon remains gaseous, unstable underground


House GOP Will Vote to Repeal Obamacare Again 
“Insanity”
voting in the same crazy people, expecting different result

Bill Belichick: "I like a little puppet that you can put your fingers in. …
Obamacare Estimated Costs Cut $139 billion

$139billion here, $139billion there.
Pretty soon it adds up to real money

Pike Co.
America's Energy Capital?
If you are going to make stuff up, why not Pike County—Home of the Dallas Cowboys? 
Bill Bishop’s Yonder Analysis: GOP Wins House Vote in 82% of Counties 

Yikes: Dems win only 29.6% of metro counties


@FakeBarneyKSR Saw two leaving Pittsburgh this morning. What are they selling? Hair color? Commemorative plates? NASCAR diapers?

Go Pitt. Beat the spread. 
Al Smith: Ford a winner at hands-on politics
—A favor for the powerful was followed by a vote for those who were not
 
Joel Pett on inheritance tax, wealth, death: Jan. 25 
Let's play two. 
Ernie Banks was juiced before there was juice. The genuine issue. 
R.I.P

BloombergNews—Iowa Ethanol Lobby Starts Its Own 2016 Campaign 

Country awash in cheap energy?


Broadband and Population Growth
~connected counties adding population 10X the rate of those that lack good broadband


LiamNeeson under fire from gun makers for questioning why US needs 300 million guns. Say they won't help with Taken 4 
Observing National Hug Day 
Growing up in KY when it snowed, I put plastic bread bags on my feet to keep warm. I wasn’t embarrassed. We had bags


Bill Bishop: Rural Jobs Remain Below 2007 Levels 




Over &amp; Under - 2 for Obama mentions of “rural” in State of the Union
Take the over
Over &amp; Under - 1 for Sen Joni Ernst rebuttal.
Bet under
Reprint of Yonder piece on Central Appalachia veering to the right.

Community Networks and the Bully Pulpit 
Will State of the Union include promise of small town broadband?


Alison Lundergan Grimes Reveals Plan to Run Again
not sure for what office, but promises same wishy-washy vision
 
Tumbling ruble pulls down European coal market.

Russia, Europe's biggest energy supplier, is dumping coal.


Newport mourns the loss of Johnny Thunder 
Pro wrestler was a Hazard native. Peer of the Sheik &amp; Andre the Giant


The African state where a grenade is cheaper than a Coke
 
MLK meet MTR
Joel Pett: Jan. 18 
MLK Day~Whitesburg 1st Baptist. Tolerance for Ferguson protestors, muslims, interracial marriage, &amp;addicts.
Plus a full breakfast
Who knew?
How Central Appalachia Went Right 
Romney Re-Invention: Anti-Poverty Warrior 
Guy with Cayman accounts to dodge taxes &amp; an elevator for his cars cares


CBS Basketball Analyst Greg Anthony Arrested For Soliciting Prostitute

Welcome back Clark Kellogg. #spurtability 
@JustinConley 
Creepy, but it makes it harder for him to sneak into wrong bathroom.
Roundup: The State of Rural Minnesota 
KY state senator proposes $2,500 bounty on each trans kid caught in ‘wrong’ bathroom

because where you pee matters


More Than Half Of US Schoolchildren Now Live In Poverty

So how screwed up is that for the world's richest country? 
In KY AT&amp;T brings back bill to kill rural landlines, limit emergency calls &amp; spike rates. Only question is: will House Dems stay strong?
New Archaeological Find Suggests Mary Magdalene Was Actually A Size 12


Google calls end to GoogleGlass experiment, but those who bought them at $1,500 a pair will continue to look dashing
 
Speak Your Piece: Coalfield Justice at Last for Don Blankenship? 
 “You have a kid to feed. Do your job.”


WallStreetJournal: Mixed outlook for resource-reliant countries as banks project deeper coal, iron-ore downturn


SC woman reports son missing 20 years after he left home to follow Grateful Dead

~you hate to meddle.

Viewfinder: Katie Currid 
Cool interview. Great photos.


Former mayor charged in kidnapping of 43 disappeared rural educators in Mexico. Nat'l government on shaky ground.
 
MacLachlan returns to Twin Peaks

"The owls are not what they seem." 
Check out Gabe Schwartzman’s piece on the politics of Central Appalachia
Looks at coal, race, &amp; a lurch to the right


Selling of Mitt 3.0 
With stock market, employment, &amp;health care better, Romney considers a 2016 race about poverty

How Central Appalachia Went to the Right
The politics of race, the war on coal, &amp; Democrats who lost their way


Prison Aerial Views beyond the Big Wall
1,800 state &amp;federal and 3,200 local &amp;county correctional facilities in US


Newsweek:  King Coal Is Merrily Fiddling the Taxpayer 
~companies use shell companies to get around paying royalties


EU’s Biggest Coal Group to Cut Jobs, Close Mines to Survive - Bloomberg


Coal Companies Are Selling Coal To Themselves To Get More Government Subsidies 

Wyoming coal companies use subsidiaries to evade royalty payments for mining on public lands  


After the Spill: Life in WV Coal Country
“It’s in my blood. I can't just back down and let them take it.”


BrotherDavidAndrews, 1944-2015
confronted powerful institutions on behalf of marginalized rural groups small farmers


BBC: Bill Gates drinks water from human crap

We have some creeks in East KY he may want to try next. 
David Cohen, architect of U.S. sanctions against Russia and Iran, picked as CIA deputy director 


KY is the 5th safest state unless you think hunger, poverty, disease, pollution &amp; crooked politicians pose a danger. 
Sunset, Sunset Beach, CA with dangling objects. 
Russia inflation up as rouble falls drastically. 
Will vodka prices crash?

Asking for a friend.
 
Home is where your story begins. I cook with wine. Family is everything. 
The Davis grandchildren gathered. 
Merry Christmas from the family. 
"Of course he brought his new wife Kay
Who talks all about AA
Chain smoking while the stereo plays
Noel Noel
The first Noel"
A Stunning Admission from Bill Gates | Diane Ravitch's blog

Candor about his foundation's hubris
 
12-24-42
In frozen Stalingrad, trapped German army celebrates with all hope of relief crushed.

MerryChristmas I don't want to fight tonight
"Someday soon, we will all be together, if the fates allow
Until then, we'll have to muddle through somehow"
Reading 'A Christmas Memory' on WMMT at 9 est.
Birds 'fled day before US tornadoes'

May have been tipped off by EPA.

 
3 unhappiest cities


Pittsburgh? No way. A kielbasa, Iron City &amp; let nothing you dismay.
FBI investigated ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ as leftist propaganda.
Said it discredited bankers &amp;maligned upper class.


How do I feel by the end of the day?
(Are you sad because you're on your own?)

~So long Joe Cocker

BestChristmasSongs: HaveYourselfMerryLittle—Garland
ChristmasInPrison—Prine
NothingButAChild—Earle
FairytaleOfNY—MerryChristmsFromTheFamily
Dog Shoots Wyoming Man After Stepping On Rifle 

According to witnesses dog was assumed to be man’s best friend

Cuban lefty JohnnyPodres pitched for the HazardBombers in the Appalachian League.
Rebuild the Havana-Hazard pipeline 
Coal, an Outlaw Enterprise 
Gonna find out who's naughty or nice.. 
Normalized relations with Cuba will improve baseball, music, travel, humidors, and my supply of 15 yr. Havana Club. Thank you Pope Francis.
Very cool—Portraits Of Ancient  Reveal Some Of Earth's Oldest Living Wonders 


Is It Bad Enough Yet? 
One family owns as much as bottom 42% of Americans

 
Canada Coal Plant First to Use Carbon Capture and Storage




#rural #ruralideas 


Humpback whales return to New York

Told to go spawn themselves. 
 
In DC—VanWinkle 12yr for $500.
It makes you smarter &amp;more attractive, sure, but so do rail drinks. It's only bourbon 
Here's why coal may become an unattractive source of energy in the long run - The Economic Times 


The original DC home of James Monroe—where he first told his wife to stay out of his hemisphere.
 
#ForYourFYI 
Where Coal is King 
DC hotel clerk: We have you in a superior king room.
Me: I was hoping for an inferior king room.
Clerk: (long pause) You can see the street.
STUDY: How the Media Advanced Conservatives' Misleading "War On Coal" Narrative

It's not going to agitprop itself.

Box in plane's overhead bin read "human" bone marrow. Now fretting over what nonhuman bone marrow flies this route. 
New Koch, PapaJohn gifts to UofL will build on earlier donations that added cult novelist Ayn Rand to curriculum. 


GOP Approval Ratings Hit 5-Year High 

—they got taller?


Opossum high wire act during the biblical Brisbane storms. 


@FeralArts
AT&amp;T down again.
They want rural families here to give up landlines &amp;use internet calling.
What if you needed a firetruck, ambulance or cop?
BBC—Old batteries 'could power slums' 
US Foundations whose work is justice, tolerance, inclusion pull out of rural America. See no irony.


60 Minutes— Coal ash spill: A billion barrels of muck 


Legacy Civil Rights Groups Cave on Net Neutrality 
Money talks

@cnhifrankfort 
We all shine on like the moon and the stars and the sun.
Kentucky's coal addiction and a boy named Cody 


1 Mexican student "identified"

43missing students were protesting giving urban teachers hiring advantage over rural 

Me: I struck down a Jedi.

W: god I hate you. 

M: yes, use your h…
CIA Role In '85 Coup To Oust DavidLee Roth
his aspirations weren’t aligned with best interests of the American people

The 'Nonurban' Tax-Credit Program 
EITC used more often by rural residents than urban


Foundations pulled most funding from the countryside &amp; re-focused on the cities. How's that working out for you?


'Your Job Is To Make Money': #Coal Boss Laid Bare After Miner Deaths

more on Don Blankenship

China to end prisoners organ harvest
Creates market opportunity in the US
 
Chas.Blow, NYTimes—The Perfect-Victim Pitfall
"Reality doesn’t bend under the weight of wishes. Truth doesn't grow dim because we squint."
BBC—Richard III DNA: Infidelity surprise

New evidence suggests Richard III was a bastard, as did Shakespeare.

 
Man admits to faking Jackson Pollock &amp;Willem DeKooning works. Sold canvases to buy a submarine.

We've all been there 
Gleaners 'Rescue' Food for the Hungry 
When our food system fails us, gleaning the crops left behind is Plan B.




Your state's favorite word to use in online dating 

Shows where everyone outside of KY got it wrong

Letter from Langdon: Cyber-Farm Monday 

"The world really needs a cyber-crop-loss-counter.”


@AmeliaRuthless Unfair to Voldemort.
Why Google Stopped Trying To Make Renewable Energy Cheaper Than Coal


We need coal to fight climate change, says Australian coal exec

and more pudding

Coal companies gets amnesty &amp; costs keep adding up 
Regulatory "incompetence so staggering as to defy belief."


Collision With White-Van Man
Britain Labour Party pushing away working class whites making it hard to win. 

#Culture

Oil Nosedives
 
Handoff complete. Four generations of Davis family Granny Eggs breakfast. Executive Chef Jack Davis now in charge. 
For your holiday reading—Willie Davis on the Kentucky Wildcats and hope for the basketball season.
(Adult Advisory)


Gather together. 
Paul Allen finances lawsuit targeting coal leasing on federal lands | Local News | The Seattle Times 


"... if we can imagine the injustice
we can imagine the opposite"
Kev Carmody


NPQ: Nonprofits in Rural America Face Deepening Problems
 
A look at rural poverty, homelessness, shaky healthcare


WillieDavis in TheLeo previews UK B-Ball
My father always said, “It’s not the despair that’ll get you, but the hope”


@LoraEliSmith @dailyyonder 1granny took her scalloped oysters to the grave.The other’s cornbrd dressing looms like the grail.
Lest we forget
NYTimes—Who Will Save the Democratic Party From Itself? 
Jim Webb seeks to restore biracial populist coalition.

Unused TV frequencies could replace costly 4G networks with free ‘super Wi-Fi,’ scientists say

Thank you, science.


17yr old arrested for running Facebook prostitution ring
Faces felony trafficking &amp;business degree from UnivOfPhoenix

Front Pages: Ferguson, The Morning After
Telling look at who went with images of fire, outrage, irony, foreboding 


Check this: One Newspaper at a Time 
How the Daily Yonder got a real story on food stamp use to a million readers.


BBC: ArthurMiller docks drama set for world premiere in UK.
Originally a screenplay. Miller refused political rewrite 
Citigroup: China, US climate deal delivers $3.9 trillion blow to Big Oil, coal 


Clear That Browns Fan Came To Sports Bar Alone
~watched the entire CBS halftime show with no volume. 



Speak Your Piece: N.D.'s Other Oil Boom 
Safety of millions are in the hands of three mortal men.


Never let your guard down. When the kibbles are gone, he plans to eat you. 
US poll finds most back limits on coal emissions even if power prices rise 


WSJ—Hedge funds bet on coal-mining failures. 
Betting against the largest companies.


Comcast, the company that's been developing the new Bill Cosby series, wants you to trust their judgment on net neutrality.
BBC—parents fearing western plot, refuse to vaccinate children against polio, bring resurgence of disease in Pakistan 
BBC: India tea workers kill boss over pay.

We've all bee there.
 
Op-ed: Time to end taxpayer-subsidized coal deals 


Will cutting carbon kill coal? Only if the industry fails to adapt 


Baptist celebrating with praises to the Lord
Rednecks doing it with gin
Me &amp;Suzy celebrating the joys of sleeping in 
Great piece by Ronnie Ellis on the perils of deadlines and free wifi dispensaries.


BBC: Benghazi report clears US response

Yes, but what about Benghazi? 
CDC Study: Binging on Booze Doesn’t Make You an Alcoholic

I’m not a scientist, but I plan to experiment on my own.


House Majority Sues President, Cabinet Over Health Care Law

Case could reach Judge Judy by spring.

Oil-Field Govts. Feel Pinch from Price Drop 
energy glut lowers prices, leaves some oil patch towns holding the bag


Embrace the arts, engineers told
Critical shortages can be met by engaging more artists, women.
 
ScientificAmerican—Coal Ash More Radioactive than Nuclear Waste 
Uranium,Thorium concentrated in power plant fly ash 

Corporate Buyout: Why Legacy Civil Rights Groups Are on the Wrong Side of History 
Money talks

Nov20-10
After Dylan concert in Amherst, man with fake crew pass ordered 178 pizzas. Never came back.Staff worked til 5:30 to fill the order
Indicted coal baron Blankenship snags guest appearance on The Simpsons. 
Edyael Casaperalta, DailyYonder: Title II and You

How net neutrality can be a game changer for rural America.


Jay Rockefeller’s valedictory: a bill to clean up the lobbyist-infused corruption in the Federal Black Lung program.


Coal deaths finally tied to CEO 
as KYians know too well, the coal industry in Appalachia is rarely held accountable



What’s the Matter with WV? 
@newyorker
white voters appear to regard Dem.Party as an alien, élitist, condescending..

Gas Pipeline to Go through Fiery Mine Area 
Route thru Centralia, PA where underground coal fire has burned since ‘62

InvestigativeReport: 'Positive reuse' of coal ash in road construction and well water contamination in southern Wis.

KEYSTONE FAILS
 
Dukakis on Grimes 
“worst thing, obviously, was this gal from Kentucky, who wouldn’t tell you who she voted for. God”

DailyYonder: Ready for Roundup? 
..."used to say Roundup was so benign, you could eat it on your breakfast cereal." 

In Wash Post Ted Cruz says Net Neutrality is like providing people with affordable health care coverage, a bad thing
 
7 Big U.S. Corporations Paid More To Their CEOs Than To The IRS

In class warfare everyone loses
except the rich.

 
Omar's version of Twister. 
Lifting ban on silencers for FL hunters?
Quieter hunting near residences &amp;chance to kill game without disturbing them

Keystone Pipeline will move oil from Can to duty free refinery in TX where it can be exported. Less US energy, higher oil prices, fewer jobs
MasseyCEO Indicted 
Says he’s not guilty of negligence that killed 29miners
That’s why I call him Doesn’t Kill Miners

Dr. Wayne Myers in the Yonder: Walk It Off, Folks 

Convincing others to walk is how Saints Peter &amp; John got started


Delusions,Democrats &amp;the lack of big ideas.
Suffering a series of historic defeats is not a sign that you’re winning.

REPORT:Child Homelessness Surges To All-Time High

"Are there no prisons? Are there no workhouses?”
E. Scrooge

High 
FBI's most-wanted uses cat's name as password 
Activist hacker sentenced to tens yrs at Manchester, KY federal pen


Fast food targeting majority black communities, rural areas in U.S. to market fries to kids.


China's 'War on Pollution' Sees Coal Use Drop for First Time in a Century - Yahoo News


ABC News: Downfall of Coal King
Don Blankenship explains he's despised for doing everything right.


Coal won't soon die in Asia—need for power is so big
Pakistan has a 1/4 of TX electricity &amp;150 million more souls


Krugman, NYTimes—China, Coal, Climate Deal
Real war on coal was won long time ago by stripmiming &amp; natural gas


BBC—Coal boss Blankenship indicted in worst US mine disaster in 40yrs. Could face long prison term prior to perdition 
Bill Bishop &amp; Julie Ardery accepting Institute for Rural Journalism's Al Smith Award as Al Smith looks on. 
ChasGazette
Firm falsified, didn't submit water sample reports
"Apparently they put them on top of the file cabinet"


Glencore shuts down mines for three weeks because of oversupply of coal on market.


With Towns and now Labissiere Kentucky shows recruiting dominance in Hispaniola.

#bbn
NPR: 250mines owe $70million in delinquent fines for safety violations.

FriendsOfCoal winning their WarOnCoalminers


Republicans win 26 Congressional Districts that Obama carried in 2012. Like 2010 when Rs took back 36 rural districts &amp; flipped the House.
GOP Slams Obama-China Climate Deal to Save Life on Planet


Time: Conservative voters like the 'net neutrality', poll finds
Nobody likes the cable company or AT&amp;T?


Study—Wildlife vs Coal in Appalachia 
"It’s really heart-wrenching to see the land that I love being blown to bits.”


FCC breaking with Obama over net neutrality
Chairman wants open internet that looks after Comcast, AT&amp;T, Time-Warner


US &amp;China announce a gamechanger 
—will partner closely on a broad-ranging package of plans to fight climate change



ConcertForValor—after cover of Fortunate Son, I finally put my finger on what's missing in the Zac Brown Band.
Dave Grohl &amp;Bruce Springsteen
Rural Veteran Population Is Aging

 
My great uncle Glenn Creech who made the invasion of Anzio. 
"Abstract words such as glory, honor, courage, or hallow were obscene beside the concrete names of villages...”
E.Hemingway-A FarewellToArms
They died with their hearts sick for 1 more look at the place where they were born please god just 1 more look
DaltonTrumbo, JohnnyGotHisGun
WrongPlace—WrongTime
NCAA so lacks coherence that all attempts to exercise authority veer from vacuous to ham-handed

Before the election Obama was giving us all the Ebola. Today 300 million of us are cured.
1 of the 2 miracles required for canonization.
BBC: Obama backs net neutrality plan 
Obama Urges FCC To Set 'Strongest Possible Rules' To Protect Net Neutrality 
big move for consumers re price, access

Wow—Obama goes yard. Asks FCC for net neutrality &amp;title II regs to enforce it. Takes on GOP, Telcos &amp; big cable.


Coal production, jobs dip again in East Kentucky 
—price for WY coal nearly $45 a ton less than coal from E. KY.


Demographics Won’t Save Democrats  
Democrats are the vote counters of the future and always will be.



China slashes coal imports as coal-generation slumps 
Deutsche Bank cuts value on related industries. 

Urban, Rural Divide Growing Deeper In US 
—declines that rocked Detroit, Cleveland hit just as hard in rural places


China Evolving to Coal Consumption Peak and Strong Climate Commitments 
The Red State Wedding: Why McConnell blew out Grimes - @joesonka 

Who knew? "She loves Swedish Fish.”


Glad to see Obama is honoring the woman who sang Fist City, You Ain't Woman Enough, and Coal Miner's Daughter with the coveted A.G. Award.
#2 Rural America is diverse.



#netneutrality @RuralBBPolicy
Running from Obama Didn’t Work  

Would it damage sanctity of the ballot box to ask Grimes if she voted for Grimes?


Duke Energy told to reassess damage from coal-ash leaks


Whitesburg Hospital wall:
Together we can detect Ebola.
And next week the town diagnoses plague &amp; demonic possession. 
The Australia Institute says coal industry doing almost nothing to ease 'energy poverty'


TheHill: Coal stockpiles at power plants have decreased in recent years 


Yonder Roundup: Rural Election Edition 
Hat Trick: Dems lose ground in cities, suburbs, &amp; rural.


Golden age of American cities please meet state &amp; US legislatures intent on cutting basic urban services.

Metropolitan Nation interruptus
Mitch McConnell says there will be no government shutdowns or flirting with default now that he is no longer minority leader.
Crit Luallen has been appointed Lt. Gov.
She takes over if Gov. Beshear participates in a duel.

What are the chances?

Asking for a friend.
Grimes who wouldn't admit voting for Obama 
Did 7% worse than he did in rural KY

You can't make this stuff up.


b.11-5-67
AllAlongTheWatchtower

Businessmen,they drink my wine,plowmen dig my earth
None of them along the line know what any of it’s worth
Dems consultant-driven all-in urban-voter strategy is like roping off a non-peeing section of the pool.
Costs $68 to mine a ton of coal in E KY. $12 in WY. 
About $40million in ads spent to make KY voters blame policy, not market, for decline.
@joesonka TV campaign did what it was supposed to do, discourage voting.
Dems may want to re-think their strategic withdrawal from rural America. 08 Obama made it close in rural &amp;won both houses.
Just saying...
Bullhole remedies

Best bad election mixed drinks
5. Rum &amp; tonic
4. Scotch &amp; soda
3. Bourbon &amp; tears
2. Vodka &amp; olives
1. Mescal &amp; worm
My grandmother taught me to arrange flowers &amp; skip rocks. She'd skip one five times across Troublesome or Ball Creek. 
Krzyewski says Obama approach to ISIS is like keeping Christian Laetner &amp; JJ Redick on the bench.
I agree.
Send Laetner &amp;Redick to the front
Bull hole Remedies—

Best Sydney Pollack films
5. Three Days of the Condor
4. Tootsie
3. Out of Africa
2. The Interpreter
1. Michael Clayton
Retiring lawmaker takes economic development post at Morehead State 
—No place in corruption for KY state government.

Don't drive like my brother. Sadly.

Tom Magliozzi of 'Car Talk'  dies at 77 
Ebola fear leads to resignation of Louisville Catholic school teacher
—great read from @joesonka on Ebola stupidity.


BBC News - Hard times for East KY where Johnson's War on Poverty was launched 


Lessons learned in East KY:
Make campaign contributions after the election.
Still appreciated. Buys same access, friendship. Eliminates risk
Dust from mountaintop mining promotes the growth of cancer cells, Indiana University study says.

#coal 
Zambian miners shot by Chinese managers—
KY Coal Association blames Obama


Coal operator, Bob Murray wants to mine under Ohio state park.

No orphanages or homeless shelters were available.


BBC—Do urban sounds mess up rhino breeding?
Will they be ready when the moment is right?
 
Federal indictment—
Rep.Keith Hall would be a tragic hero had he done anything heroic. Or if his downfall was tragic


McConnell Mailers Imply KY Voters Involved In Election Violation
—I got one of these fake "official notices." Slime


Gathering a last armful of zinnias before frost. These scrappy guys played together one season. 
Won the pennant. 
Next month China opens an Ebola treatment center in Liberia. After that we will have to quarantine our money.
Woman says, "Won't drink city water. We buy the bottled. City runs it through a system. Bottle companies must run it through something too."
Today guy says, "I got Diabetes. Seems like everybody's getting it. Two brothers died of it. Sister. It's got to be something in the water."
Jose Canseco Suffers Self-inflicted Gunshot. Mark McGwire Not There To Help.
Wife requests prayers for his finger.

 
China's coal use falls for first time this century, conforming with promise to reduce emissions.


US Senate candidate Ed Gillespie:
"I'll Oppose Redskins Name Change."

The world’s greatest deliberative body?
still Scarlett Johansson
Mississippi Town to Join the Gigabit League 
"It’s a dose of what Quitman needs to remake itself, town leaders say.”


2active Ebola cases in nation of 300,000,000 &amp;politicians climb over each other to punish Dr.s &amp; nurses who help sick Africans.

Pecksniffs
For Eastern Kentucky’s Future


Boutiquing Main Street 
"I don’t spend a lot of time downtown. There’s nothing I need there. I don’t need antiques.”


LeonardPittsJr—Toughness in face of poverty, ridicule
"America does not hang its 'hillbillies' — it laughs at them."


JackBruce

Fate is setting up the chessboard while death rolls out the dice.
Anyone for tennis,wouldn't that be nice? 
Moving sidewalk catches fire at the Charlotte airport.Couldn't get inside. 7days on the road &amp;plane takes off without you.
1 day I'll laugh.
12years ago Sheila Wellstone from here in East Ky &amp; Paul who called himself a hillbilly Jew died in a crash. We haven't had a senator since.
Sad to see Rep. Keith Hall indicted on bribery charges. I had kiddie porn in the office pool.
@joesonka @BGPolitics All part of Obama's War on Crooks?
Daily Yonder: Big Ag's Force Feed—
Is there no difference between animal welfare (HSUS) and animal rights (PETA)?


Uranium Drive-in: Film Looks Between the Rock, Hard Place 


Washington Post—dust from mountaintop removal mining appears to contribute to greater risk of lung cancer.


RuralStrategies meets in NYC. You can take the boy out of the country, but you can't teach him 3 card monte. 
LA Times—successful action on climate change means we have to create new opportunities in the coal fields.


Finance guru DaveRamsey: Rich people can get into heaven, despite what Jesus said.

Also, rich to inherit the earth.


Jason Robards as Ben Bradlee in 'All the President's Men' 
"I hate trusting anybody."

Anatomy of an editor.



PAC-Man shrimp dumplings. 
Red Farm, Broadway 
solution for people who have toiled for generations under coal’s thumb should be more than deafness to their needs.


Voter fraud in past decade: 2.
Voters without ID: 600,000.
Ebola infections: 2.
Deaths from Medicaid opt-out: 3,0…
Fossil Fuel Lobby Spent $213Million Last Year to Influence US, EU Politicians 

Payback?
$1.9Trillion in subsidies


Where God plays ultimate frisbee. 

Riverside Church, New York 
Welcome to the Big Apple and smallish vistas. 
Kentuckians for the Commonwealth calls out Grimes for anti-immigrant spots.


Ronnie Ellis hits the nail on the head: plenty to blame for such a lousy KY senate race (media included).

Years of Ebola death in Africa.
TV: Kardashians, Bengazi, Bla-Blah

3 out of 300,000,000 Americans get it.
TV:  Apocalypse comin, Repent now
Study links mountaintop removal to cancer—
"evidence for the carcinogenic potential" of mountaintop removal dust


"I am still alive then.  That may come in useful."

Samuel Beckett motivational posters for cats

 


@joesonka Who were they targeting? That language is used almost exclusively for GOP primary voters. Are they still courting the Tea Party?
War on Coal: LockheedMartin claims major fusion power breakthrough 
100 megawatt reactor that can fit in a truck bed?

Grimes strategy to distance herself from national Democrats seems to be working.
BryceHarper's wedding will include BryceHarper-designed sharkskin tuxedos, cognac shoes

&amp; a bride to be named later


McConnell on Obamacare:
500,000 in KY who signed on can keep the website, not the law.

Catch22:
You can see Maj. Major when he's not in.
Health Care Could be Economic Boon in Rural America 
VOA looks at East Ky

Rural Mortgage Activity Declines--
refinance loans dropped by 23% in rural America, and that ain’t hay.


This week I heard a man say, "I hadn't seen you for a while. Thought you might've come down with the Ecoli." 
@joesonka I don't think polling shows there are net votes for the strategy.
Is she working off the 1946 EugeneTalmadge playbook?
'Coal is done in Appalachia' 
WV public radio—


In An Absolutely Brutal Day For The Market, Nothing Is Getting Slammed More Than #Coal Stocks 


Oil prices are plummeting. Here's why that's a big deal. 


Convalescing with cranberry beans, cornbread &amp; Mimi's 1993 chow chow. Never discount the value of the long haul. 
Fracking company teams with SusanG.Komen, introduces pink drill bits “for the cure”
–Next: purple ribbon tasers. 
2014 Al Smith Award for community service in journalism goes to @DailyYonder co-founders Julie Ardery &amp;Bill Bishop. 
McConnell on KSR—sure, he'll cut 500,000 Kentuckians off health insurance, but he'll preserve funding for hospice.
–That's a message.
#kysen
McConnell comes on #KentuckySportsRadio to stop the bleeding. Slices artery.
Uses fake laugh that sounds like rusty barn door hinge.
#kysen
by @MichaelCop…
Cult favorite 'Twin Peaks' to return as Showtime event

"that gum you like is going to come back in style"


@_edyael_ Urban challenge.
Alabama woman has a special moment on Finebaum ESPN radio show—
"The dynasty's not over. Do you hear me cow turd?"

Leonard Pitts in the Miami Herald—
The white poor: You may malign them without a whisper of complaint.


Pod squad: "Strapped to the gills"
Cops raid Georgia man’s home after mistaking okra for weed


#shitfacilitatorssay I just learned this group is not a group I can trust to take a 5 min. break.
@poetscottlucero  Sustained Arthur Miller and Joltin' Joe DiMaggio. Can't all be empty calories.
Breaking: Secret Service Director quits. Sneaks out White House tunnel &amp;thru ventilation grate into Lafayette Park. Seen heading west on H.
76 Of 79 Deceased NFL Players Had Brain Disease, Damage

But Goodell is yet to see the tape.
 
Marilyn Monroe breakfast—
picture in men's room Richard's Bar, Grand Ave, Chicago, Illinois 
Baseball's branding the term "Postseason."
It's written into the KC foul line grass.
—Postseason—
How pathetic? A desperate plea for help.
La Scarola, Chicago
The legend endures. 
@TSupahan I was bent. The iPhone was straight as a string.
Windy day in the Windy City. 
Just south of Paw Paw, Michigan. 
 
Letter from Langdon:  Shooting to Kill 
The Media Burn Gala on top of a parking garage in the Loop.
City of Big Shoulders and cat's feet. 
Welcome to Chicago, home of Rump Tower. 
on why McConnell wants US to fail
we privatized benefits of owning stock, made the public pay if investments went bad

As families flee coal country, schools struggle
—empty classrooms converted into air rifle range &amp;storage for ROTC.


McConnell first won with bloodhounds tracking down his opponent. @davidschankula has reprised that ad to track Mitch

Healthcare's Future 
We do not need to turn rural into a small version or urban. We do need to build on our strengths

Webinar today 
Secret tapes show lax regulation prior to crash.

"I am shocked—shocked—to find that gambling is going on in here!"



At least…
Vintage apple display at Mt. Heritage Fest:
Crow's Egg, Sinkhole, Puff, Horse &amp;Rusty Coat.
How you like them apples? 
S.C. regulator 'surprised’ Duke Energy hasn't removed coal ash yet
~wonders if they forgot.

#coal
Kansas Is So Broke That It Has To Auction Off Sex Toys

Gov. Brownback disconsolate.  

SimonMaloy writes McConnell’s long, desperate lie:Economics, not Obama, killing KY coal
Salon suspends him for 3weeks

So we closed our eyes and dreamed us up a kitchen
And sang one more verse to that old song

JerryJeffWalker 
German Cows Come Home 
"...he bent over and slapped the leather rump of his lederhosen shouting, “Crazy German boys!”

Grimes responds to latest McConnell attack saying some Republicans agree with her.
-leadership we can bereave in

Farmers Blame Bakken #Oil for Train Delays 
Who gets priorities for rail cars?
#rural

"I want to celebrate
color, how one red leaf
flickers like a match"

Autumn, Linda Pastan 
White House Intruder Had 800 Rounds of Ammo 

Not everyone with a gun is crazy,
but everyone who’s crazy has a gun.


Mitch To Soften Image
—other politicians may be deterred by polls showing how unpopular they are in their home state
 
Sturgill Simpson show at Bristol festival and George Jones just left the building. 
Double ends joined

Lexington Ave, NYC 
Roger Goodell says nothing is off the table. The only thing off the table is the table itself &amp; he's open to reconsidering that.

#NFL

 
Roundup: Black Lung Makes Comeback 

US agrees to arm Syrian rebels. Also supply small-pox laced blankets.
My driver tells me all of Manhattan is an island. "Every whole has a river around it." 
Welcome to NYC where philanthropists recline on cabs. 

Why can't you? 

That's why I call the piece, Doesn't Like Horses. 

Taken from cab, D.C. 
"I like power, and I like to use it."
Speaker Sam Rayburn whose statue greets visitors to the Rayburn Building. 
FCC Chairman Wheeler: title II internet regulation is very much on the table.
Rep.Tipton (CO)—concerned that rural residents don't get CO weather, emergency alerts &amp;are forced to watch Cowboys lose, &amp;not Broncos win.
FCC Chairman Wheeler at congressional hearing: Where broadband competition is not present, we must advance its deployment.
In the same boarding area as MontegoBay. 1 Bob Marley t-shirt compared to 6 Jamie &amp;Jason getting married.
I don't know this country anymore.
Saving lives of miners 
—dying from black lung, a largely preventable disease caused by breathing #coal dust.


A cudzu wedding arch? Symbolically it's green,fertile, no man can put it asunder &amp;the Koreans say it makes fine hay. 
Out today: Dead Man's Town: Tribute to Born in the USA

Isbell, JustinTEarle, TrampledByTurtles, N. MS AllStars, Low


Mitchell, S.D. -- Home of the Brain Gain 
reinvented itself as center for technology, marketing &amp; manufacturing.


RushLimbaugh On Sexual Consent: 'No Means Yes If You Know How To Spot It’
 
~from man unaccustomed to hearing yes


BlackLung Disease Rates Skyrocket, Highest Levels In Decades
"represents a failure among all those responsible"
#coal 

Majority of GOP &amp;Independents like Obamacare as long as they don't know it's Obamacare.
Time for your health pudding.

Bernie Sanders: Soldiers didn’t die ‘so billionaires could buy elections.’ 
McConnell demands retraction.


DailyYonder: High Cost of Tribal Banishment 
—Shunning as crime fighting strategy for youth involved in drugs &amp;gangs


Adrian Wojnarowski attacks Mike Krzyzewski for exploiting Team USA Basketball

Most Pole on Pole attacks unreported


UrbanOutfitters Offer Faux Blood-Stained KentState Shirt
~those who don't remember history doomed to UrbanOutfitters


First prize: A two day trip to Gatlinburg
Second prize: Permanent passage 
When the smoke cleared the U.S. still occupied Whitesburg all the way from the RC Plant to Sugar Shack. 
@mimipick Only 2 things money can't buy, true love and home grown tomato sandwiches.
All time is truly lost and gone
Which is not spent in serving love.
—Torquato Tasso, 1573 
NFL: 3 In 10 Ex-Players Face Dementia 
Current commissioner beginning to forget things


A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State...
Geo.Zimmerman Threatens Man In RoadRage


@wildcatnews A curse of Coach Ort? After a bad punt block day vs. Fla, fans turned on Ortmayer. Eventually fired. TD runbacks went with him.
Nitrogen: Too Much of a Good Thing? 
Farmers foul up Lake Erie. Cry for help?


She said, “Where ya been?” I said, “No place special”
She said, “You look different.” I said, “Well, not quite”
Isis, Bob Dylan
#2 newspaper chain for sale?
"companies that will succeed are those which have meaningful scale &amp; digital expertise”


TheHill—Rural vote key to DemSen hopes in GA &amp;KY
"She needs to talk about issues that resonate with #rural areas" 

Guy watching TV next to me at the gate, Huntington, WV airport on 9-11:
Reckon what's making those planes fly into them buildings?
The Yonder:
Tax Inversion, A Whopper of a Deal 
Why Congress goes along with this? Because corporations pay them to.


Take a pitcher. 
@poetscottlucero About a month ago Isbell tweeted out a free teaser. It should be a show stopper.
Where is she now, I kept saying.
Where is she now, the mountain's downy girl?
Gary Snyder 
RestoringForests &amp;CooperativeCommunities 350miles from a mall


TedCruz: SNL’s LorneMichaels could be thrown in jail if we undo ‘Citizens United’

I hate it when Canadians fight.


GOP has 72% disapproval rating &amp;prepares to win in a rout this Nov.

Ben Franklin:  “A Republic, if you can keep it.”

BBC—A third of US birds 'in decline'
230 species endangered or threatened.

Passenger pigeon on them. This is on us.
 
Imagine released 9-9-71

"You may say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one”
Hal Rogers &amp;House Approps gut Obama request for funds to fight, contain Ebola 
~take 2 aspirin.Call me in the morning

HealthInsurance: Enrolling RuralAmerica 
Challenge is reaching into rural, especially where Medicaid hasn’t expanded


Councilman demands prayers go to ChristianGod 

~Tell me,how does God choose?
Whose prayers does he refuse?
Tom Waits

Nebraska Lt. Gov. caught manhandling his sister. Resigns. Wants to spend more time with his family.
Armed Border Militia Confronts Group Of Bat Scientists

~first they study your bats, then they steal your women.

Hawks owner Bruce Levenson showing once again that there's no place in racism for sports.
Suffering Succotash 
$458,000 Sen.McConnell paid controversial staffer Benton—more than Romney or Obama paid their campaign mgrs. in 2012.

Marist poll has Grimes down 8. Time for an intervention?
Time for a message?
Against the most hated man in the Senate, you gotta win women.
Dinka warrior, only NBA player to spear a lion, ManuteBol's surviving son is really tall, really good at basketball—


KY AG JackConway joins WV in suit vs EPA. It's a thankless job fighting for dirtier air, but doing the wrong thing is at times reward enough
JayPierce, Chef, Lucky32, Greensboro

I've a responsibility to spend money in this community ethically.

#ruralideas 
RachelRLuster: You start with a few chickens and before you know it, you've got a lot of eggs. 

#ruralideas
LoMo in Durham is a food truck with a twist. Mobile market brings local food to neighborhoods, biz zones when folks are around. #ruralideas
Robin Rather: They said rural was over, they said buffalo were over, they said eagles were over, they said wolves were over. 

#ruralideas
Robin Rather polling:
Objections to rural—
Too Republican, Christian, Racist, ... 

#ruralideas
Robin Rather — Problems With Cities:
80 million Americans would move to rural areas if they could afford it. 

#ruralideas
Robin Rather: I hate to say this. It is not a credible play working with the federal government. 

#ruralideas
Robin Rather: Almost no one believes market forces will fix the economy.

#ruralideas
Robin Rather: Americans do not do insecurity well. 

Keynote at Cross-Currents
Ag+Art
#ruralideas
Top Koch Strategist: Minimum Wage Leads To Fascism
-first US minimum wage law 1938, just before war with the Fascists 
Silent, but deadly. 
Somethings are better to find out about face-to-face. 
@JamieLucke These Isis guys are toast. They peed on Restraint's leg &amp;given us permission to come heavy. We are all one tribe on this.
After pretending to be broke whenever it came to mending bridges &amp;feeding hungry kids, see what we spend taking out a whack British rapper.
Mitch McConnell declines to discuss his campaign manager's resignation 
Oklahoma police fatally shoot man who was harming himself with a knife.

To protect and swerve.


"Jesus image spotted in Central Texas moth" 
Follow the Money &amp;Your Nose: Mitch McConnell, the Ghost of Jesse Benton &amp; Karl Rove’s Banker
By @davidschankula 

Coal bucket full of zinnias. 
BBC—Crickets eat compost. We eat crickets—problem solved:
protein, more omega-3 than fish, taste like grasshoppers. 
@DStephenVoss @davidschankula There is no war on white people &amp;no war on coal.
Mining's up. KY bought more WY coal than from E KY.
Pandering
Celebrating the wheelbarrow. 
300 years of teaching hillbillies to walk on our hind legs. 
Medicare: Oops
estimates mean that the government’s long-term budget deficit is considerably less severe than thought

BBC—Legroom row diverts 2nd US flight. Airlines complicit in scheme to ram reclining seatbacks into passenger knees.
 
@davidschankula @joearnoldreport @DStephenVoss Why not ask who will stand up for white people?As intellectually honest &amp; morally defensible.
As August ended, we finished off the Mojitos and prepared to kill the hog. 
@curtisky She should put herself up for adoption.
Jerry Lundregan says his daughter won't ever speak to Obama. If Grimes keeps taking his political advice, not an issue.
#kysen
Coal Plants Will Emit 300 BIllion Tons of Future CO2 


b.8-29
I was informed that you were the most beautiful woman ever to visit Casablanca.That was a gross understatement 
McConnell says it’s inappropriate to comment on whether any of his aides were bagmen in 2012 Iowa primary caucuses 


#coal heartland in freefall

Ted Boettner: “This is where you grew up; you can fish, you can hunt. Land is cheap.”


Baker Catches Coakley in New Massachusetts Senate Poll 

As go the Red Sox so goes Coakley.

You are footing the bill for coal companies; some are losing a lot of money | Greenpeace International 
An amendment to the Constitution says we can have guns in a regulated militia. We interpret that to mean little girls get Uzis.

#dumbasses
Climate of Change 
Politically diverse #rural residents show that they can reach consensus on climate-change policy.


Adieu to Kentucky anchorwoman,  Diane Sawyer.

“My main disappointment was always that a book had to end. And then what?” Eudora Welty
Did #coal curse the Appalachian economy?
—theory that abundant natural resources mean high poverty, low growth

How to fix baseball:Custom caps. Hockey fighting. Beer sales in the 9th. One outfielder gets a jai alai paddle. Designated paintball snipers
CNN banner:
Developing Story: US weighs possible airstrikes against Isis

You know it’s a story when they start weighing actual airstrikes.
@joesonka Youngman is revolutionizing stenography.


Researchers say: 3-million-year-old child skull had no soft spot.

no word on who took it.

McConnell Explains Plan to Shut Gov.: 
We're going to go after them on healthcare, on financial services, on the EPA


The NRA Pissed Off the Wrong Nerd Genius 


Automatic weapons instructor killed by 9yr old girl he was teaching to fire an Uzi.

Natural selection is incremental

Court rules for groups defending WV battle site from mountain top removal #coal mining
—where Harding bombed strikers

KarlRove’s Banker Targets FamilyCourt Judge KathyStein
no place for child protective services in KY politics


Fossil fuels targeted for divestment~
#coal industry is particularly threatened by campaigns 


CW fall TV~Jane the Virgin
Pious girl accidentally inseminated with sperm of her cancer-survivor boss/crush.
Virgin mother hilarity ensues.
Rural 'Swagger' 
way too many pundits think that cities are the answer to the world’s sustainability problems.


Questioning incentives for coal-fired tech
Dept of Energy yet to award any #coal projects under $8B loan guarantee


Burger King wants to be the first FastFood you think of when someone mentions the deficit.

#BoycottBK
 
Emmys memorial reel kicked off with Ralph Waite, Papa Walton. He did a documentary narration for us. Kind guy. A joy to work with.
RuralCool
Pew Center says 11% of us both identify as libertarians &amp;know what that means.

Means subsidize me, tax my neighbor.


On this day in 1975 Born to Run released~

"The highway's jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power drive" 
BBC:
Rap producer 'Suge' Knight shot at Chris Brown's MTV VMA party.
Neither MTV nor Brown have yet snitched.  
Anti-Merger Polka Party 
Will independent television programming disappear if mergers go through?

#rural TV

University Of Phoenix Founder Dies 

Gets 12 hours of college credit. 


India's Supreme Court rules that all #coal mining licences awarded between 1993 and 2010 are illegal. 
WHOPPER! BK 'LEAVING' USA IN TAX DODGE
Hold the pickles, hold the lettuce, dodging taxes don't upset us 
Promise of a 'clean coal' future far from reality
Zero emissions #coal plants &amp; time travel

"Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in."

Robert Frost 
Today Jimmy Rose (♫coal puts food on my baby's spoon♫ ) takes time from singing at Mitch McConnell rallies to open new Hazard McDonald's.
NC Governor happy for #coal ash bill, thinks part that assures accountability 'may be unconstitutional' 


Demographics of Hunger
1 of 7 Americans is in need of some help getting the food they need.
—rich land, poor people


#Gas Industry sponsoring ad campaign to say nation is at a 20 yr. low in carbon emissions despite population rise.
Gas won the War on #Coal
MitchMcConnell Treats Executive to Breakfast in Capitol; Big Donation Follows 
Campaign reports events not connected—

#Coal Industry Opposes BlackLung Regulation
 “We’re dying, literally dying for you to help us,” StanleySturgill said



#rural #broadband
Joe Sonka—
Grimes, McConnell face-off at Kentucky Farm Bureau forum - Insider Louisville


40% of Tribal Libraries Lack Broadband Access 
~Promise of technology &amp;the promise deferred.

#rural #netneutrality

Viewfinder: Geoff Brown
#Rural upstate NY


BBC: Richard III 'drank a bottle a day'

"I have set my life upon a cast,
And I will stand the hazard of the die"

 
Don't shoot. 
New system for dating Neanderthals unveiled. 

Great news for singles 
McConnell Warms To Idea Of Another GovernmentShutdown

Technically not a do-nothing Congress if they act to shut down 
Leonard Pitts Jr.: Riots in Ferguson, and what they mean 
—Strong piece. 


9 Charts That Show America's Coming Student Loan Apocalypse—

And we think college athletics are corrupt? 
EricaPeterson's piece for WFPL on #coal and politics in KY. Worth a listen.


Man Fakes Death To Avoid Wedding

We've all been there. 
 
Make your leg a destination. 
Art in section 120, Raley Field, Sacramento 
Bad day at the ball yard better than a good day on other parts of the planet.
Sacramento vs. Oklahoma City 
Biscuits &amp; Ham
Getting the band back together. 
Porcine love fest at Mulvaney's, Sacramento 
TheEscapeArtist—Hillbilly does well, gets caught
"unshakable certainty that he could bend reality to fit his will"

For 3rd year running 'Amelia' most popular name in England &amp; Wales for girls. Still rare among little boys.
 
Mountaintop removal &amp;SOAR
"power to make real change in eastern KY, but only if those involved had the will"

"It's not your fault"
World of Warcraft to create RobinWilliams character 

Don't let Popeye become an Orc

My kid writing about suicide, depression,  addiction &amp; auto-erotic asphyxiation. 

Daddy's little pumpkin.

  h…
WillieDavis~Last Thoughts On RobinWilliams: WhyWeHateOurselves 
"It’s not even that we feel depressed—we feel robbed"

McConnell defends wife's anti-stripmining, anti-coal burning, anti-tobacco, anti-gun charities—

Ain't love grand?


Flock Of Pterosaurs In One Bone Bed
Best Dinosaur yet. Butterfly winged skulls. Social.Fruit eaters.Climate skeptics. 
As weeds become resistant to glyphosate, Dow awaits EPA decision on new more deadly version of plant poison—
#rural

Author says #coal industry needs to understand own value—
"We need fossil fuels to make the climate safe"

 
S.Poynter: fantastic life as chicken lives go.Running around in the sun, eating bugs.Count me in for some of that—


China issues "behavioural standards" guide to combat pollution, reduce environmental damage.
#coal

Top Kentucky #coal advocate bends over backward to defend McConnell family’s connection to anti-coal activism.


Lauren Bacall's toast:
"If I'm asleep wake me. If I don't want to, make me."


BBC: Best beer in Britain announced

(World's tallest midget)
 
Me: I'd rather be with you than anybody
She: Now that Lauren Bacall is dead

Today I spring for a telepathy blocker. 
#Rural Student Brain Gain
Educated rural kids no more likely than urban to leave home. More likely to return.


Fossil Fuels Raising Mercury Levels in Oceans: Study 
"You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and... blow."

R.I.P. Lauren Bacall 
Dude? Jeff Bridges for Senate? 
"This aggression will not stand, man"

Everyone: *Panic!*

Scientists: Freak out about climate change.
Everyone: LOL! Pass m…
#coal struggles, blame game begins—
if EPA rolled back its rules, it’s unclear coal jobs could be saved.


Where trees come to die. 
Dartmouth Cove, Upper Echo Lake 
Will EPA regs stop plants from burning #coal, as Shelley Moore Capito says?

No place for politics in lying.


BBC—Sheep rustling boosts rural crime rate.

Do numbers over count sheep borrowing?

 
And thus the smaller lake that was hidden from the highway
Became known forever as LakeMarie

Hail on Echo Lake, CA 
Storm gathering on Mount Freel in Nevada. 
I came into town, a one-night stand
Looks like my plans fell through
Oh, Lord, stuck in Lodi again

(Lodi, CA) 
pressing concern—whether surface mining makes Kentuckians sick and contributes to "inexplicable" birth defects.

 
Fake engineer worked on Queensland #coal projects 


Marianne Faithfull Says She Knows 'Who Killed Jim Morrison'
Refuses to take credit for it herself.
 
WagTheDog
McConnell cronies invent WarOnCoal. Fabricate enemies list—Obama, Bloomberg.
Now they spin Chao's role as pro-industry
Courage Mom
Charleston Gazette | Mountaintop mine adjacent to Kanawha State Forest draws protest crowd to Capitol steps 
@SummitCity1 @RealTimeWWII Cell phone. They were much bigger then. Rotary dialing.
Just got word from Buffalo Trace that it's Whiskey Wednesday. 

We've all been there.
My progeny. 
McConnell blames ‘these people’ 
"These people” want to turn America into a European socialized country"


Is McConnell's Wife Trying to Kill the #Coal Industry? 
Gore warns markets coal stocks will lose value | TheHill 
"probability of a major market correction"

NRA Caves
Pulls video defending rights of the blind to carry guns 
Roundup: What Clinton Did Say
—don't abandon rural America 

Tara Wray 
"One of my favorite things to do is get lost on back roads in Kansas where there’s absolutely nothing"


Paging Tom Petty: Mitch McConnell “won’t back down” 
Hard to jitterbug to. 


BillClinton rallies KYSenate race
MitchMcConnell wants voters to Google how Clinton plans to attack their way of life

Bill Clinton Should Have Talked Philanthropy in Eastern Kentucky - NPQ - Nonprofit Quarterly 
@jbaileyky Obama’s War on Some Coal
God tells Cliven Bundy to join the disarmament movement.


PGA: Tiger good to go at Valhalla. If he plays valiantly, Woden &amp; the Valkyries will restore him for the final battle—
golf vs. yachting
NET NEUTRALITY BREAKTHROUGH?
Obama tells African nations he supports open, accessible internet.
 
Alpha battening down the hatches to weather 'perfect storm' in #coal markets 

SNL 
@ErnestLamonica @NYFarmer @KySandy She came last time she ran. Expect she will find her way back. Come for the beans, stay for the stackcake
Coal's body blows
“The war on coal already happened—#coal lost.”


SOAR initiative finds concern in East KY about health effects of surface mining


#coal #SOAR #eky #kysen #billclinton
"In the sun that is young once only,
Time let me play and be
Golden in the mercy of his means"
Fern Hill, D. Thomas 
On this day 1972 "Layla" peaked at #10 on Billboard 100—
So much for the wisdom of the marketplace &amp; hipness of 72. 
In #KY6, Jensen picks up an endorsement while Barr keeps his hush-hush.
Are the payday lenders keeping Barr afloat?


‘Pro-Troop' Charity Repeatedly Misled Voters, Funneled Millions To Tea Partiers 
Woman In Car Crash Found With Stolen Snake Wrapped Around Her Neck 

We’ve all been there.


Shifting costs onto others—Billionaire #coal operator stiffs 5 states.
266 unresolved violations, 129 in East KY


What Bill Clinton Could Say:
#Coal has been a friend, but it's not out future.

Beijing plans to ban #coal use by end of 2020 


Aide Who Took Bullet For Reagan Dies—
His Brady Bill stopped 2million gun sales to criminals, abusers &amp;kooks.

 
My Take on What Bill Clinton Could Say—
When he weighs in on the McConnell-Grimes race Wednesday
#kysen #rural 

The View from the Buckle of the Corn Belt
"Glaciers, wind, &amp;water have shaped this region over the past 12,000 years"

Waiting for town to wake up. 
How not to shut down #coal plants 
"The message to her five kids: Light is expensive"

Nothing like a personal letter. 
Not all kitchen chores are drudgery. 
@smileyboa I like the instructor saying “we’re humans.” And I guess that is true right up until the point that the wound becomes mortal.
TX firearms instructor makes ‘classic mistake’ of shooting himself while teaching kids

~we’ve all been there.

The Great Barrier Reef and the #coal mine that could kill it 
A Dozen States Go Venue Shopping—
File Suit Against New #Coal Rules 
Hope to nullify EPA 

Clinton Says to Get BinLaden he'd had to—
"kill 300 innocent women &amp;children &amp;then I'd have been no better than him"


New #Coal Dust Rules Go Into Effect To Curb Black Lung Disease 
"time for the industry to come to terms"


International Monetary Fund says a 60% tax on #coal would reflect the environmental damage caused by burning it.


boy you kissed couldn't even tune his guitar, but he could play the beginning of Smoke on the Water &amp;that was enough. 
JonnieWilliams paints McDonnells as broke, willing to deal
Proving there's no room for state government in corruption

Obamacare Deniers 
Federal law suit argument is, "Congress made a typo when you wrote Obamacare, so ha-ha, you lose"


Beshear supporter Justice racks up #coal mining violations 
Millions in unpaid fines, miles of unreclaimed high wall

House votes to sue President Obama—
claiming defamation of lack of character. 
 
@anamariecox Omar found on Main St. in Whitesburg, KY. A cat's gotta have a code. 
22 #rural hospitals had to close
20 of them in states refusing to expand Medicare.

Government in the time of cholera

KY ranks next to last in alcohol consumption.
Thank God for Utah.


Stealth Single Payer 
Medicaid the part that looks most like European health systems, which cost far less than ours

'Playing Indian' 
"I’m a white guy who works in a city whose football team’s name is a racial slur"


Maybe if we spend $200 million to elect a senator,we'd get one with foresight to anticipate the obsolescence of #coal

End of the Cuban embargo?
Hillary Clinton: "You know, some day I'd like to go to Cuba"


WashPost—Nearly three quarters of Americans think the U.S. should shelter (not rush to deport) unaccompanied minors


Harry Reid Says He'll Back The FCC On Net Neutrality
Even if they reclassify it as a utility to protect ratepayers.


W.Va. Dem turns off lights on White House | TheHill
Sen. Candidate attacks Obama in ad

Ronstadt honored:

time washes clean love's wounds unseen
That's what someone told me but I don't know what it means
 
To save #rural hospitals,Republican mayor marches on DC
"that hospital has saved hundreds of lives, if not thousands”

Reduced #coal use in Oregon means more exported abroad 
Frum says NYTimes faked photos of grieving sons in Gaza. Times says shots are real.
Who has to fake grief about Gaza?

Despite only 36% approval, McConnell leads Grimes 
She leads with women by just 1%. Her macho message dying.


#Coal Industry Fear-Mongering for 40 Years
A history of claims that the government is putting them out of business:


Carolina Mills Cooperate to Rebuild Textile Industry 
"We don’t want to be the new China"


Outside Money Buys Deluge of Political Ads 
$2B spent this year on negative ads to discourage voter turn out


CookPoliticalReport:
"McConnell has opened a small, but statistically insignificant lead over Grimes”
47.4% to 44.8%

#Rural Self-Employment Climbs, But Earnings Fall 
~less than 4% of total businesses had 20 or more employees in 2012


LEO, @joesonka on Obamacare
east KY counties Harlan,Letcher,Leslie &amp;Perry, went from 17-20% uninsured to less than 5%

Solar Capacity Soars in 2014 


Map Shows How Kynect &amp; Obamacare Have "Decimated" Kentucky with Protective Blanket of Insurance

Coverage 
US sending polluting #coal overseas 
"single biggest flaw in U.S. climate policy," 


As a Reds fan, I'd like to formally request FIFA come up with another WorldCup for August. Maybe even best 2 out of 3.

#breadandcircus
Only 2 things money can't buy: true love &amp;home grown tomatoes. 
Heirloom love comes close, but ends a little mealy. 
"Home is the sailor, home from the sea.
And the hunter home from the hill."
Robt. Louis Stevenson 
Appalachia tries to make a life after #coal 
"In a region so rich, why were the people so poor?"


McConnell's mythmaking on #coal jobs 
repeal every environment reg, still those coalmining jobs are not coming back. 

After Mil. &amp; Chi. with my mentor TomWeinberg, better prepared to explain how media &amp; 18yr. old Flor de Caña work— 
Korean baseball team lets fans control cheering robot from home. Can display your own face, clap, even do the wave. 

BBC: Dinosaurs had feathers. 
"Jurassic Park" inaccurate.  
Environmentally-Friendly Savior Of #Oil Fracking Could Be… Haliburton? New Fluids Made With Soy, Vegetables « CBS


Nothing wrong in Knoxville that can't be fixed with what's right in Knoxville.

Just kidding. 
But this is cool.
 
Friday afternoon on the roof.
MediaBurn, Chicago, IL. 
NYTimes: China’s Plan to Limit Coal Use Could Spur Consumption for Years  
#Coal Bankruptcies Loom on Pain of Cheaper #Gas, Tighter Rules 

@SummitCity1 Those 6 yrs. as an undergraduate made a difference.
Mars Cheese Castle—
Rodents of Unusual Size 
Wis. bar, woman talks loudly about shooting wild pigs in TX from a helicopter with machine gun: "Now that's a party." Has the video on iPad.
Arrived Mars Tavern. 
Surprisingly the temperature here is exactly like it is on earth. 
KY Speaker of the House concocts story about getting tossed out of WhiteHouse. 
Playing pretend in a time of cholera


GeneEagle: "Urban poverty is hard. Rural poverty is mind-bendingly difficult"
#RuralMade
Eyewitness to history. Rural Opportunity Investment Conference. 
NYTimes: Corralling Carbon Before It Belches From Stack 

@joesonka Just glad Dirk Minniefield wasn't alive to see it.
"Gentlemen, you can't fight here, it's the war room"
Sec. of War John Knox &amp; 32lb. cannon ball. 
Exec Office Bldg, DC 
Robert Chatham: Kentucky desperate for forward-thinking leaders on energy  &amp; Rep. Davis should come clean.


Will Grassroots Organizations Help China Move Away From #Coal? Will 2016 carbon pledge have teeth?

DavidSchankula: "Karl Rove’s here in Kentucky to save Mitch McConnell and in the process try to save himself"


Re-inventing the sandwich. 
Taberna Del Alabardero, 
DC
@SummitCity1 
If the van's rockin, don't come knocking. 
FordEconoline at Bill's Marathon.
No word on whether band's still inside. 
For sale Tradio today: 500pocketknives, tanning bed w/new bulbs, burgundy living rm set never been near food, smoke or pets &amp;small black pug
Replacing #coal, #oil with gas won’t help fight global warming, expert argues~ScienceDaily
Methane + gas &gt; coal?

KY #coal plant to catch carbon dioxide
“going to be necessary and commercially available...”


@lisagabbott Thank you for your service.
The World Just Had Its Hottest June On Record 
"We are living in the steroid era of the climate system”


60% of US believe Obama a citizen.

T.Jefferson: A nation ignorant and free never was and never will be a democracy.


