Man...that made me laugh so hard! LMFAO
Deeeeeeeeeeeeez Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuutz
You fellas need some of deez
I would say grow some, but I think you'd just run out and start a spice garden.
I can see you fellas playing squirt gun with that, dancing around the bathroom, before *squeal*  "heeeeeey you got vinegar in my eye"
Acting like a "disrespectful man" isn't attractive...ummmmmmmmmmmmm neither is a man acting like a Masingill Vaginal Douche spokesmodel.
Don't lie.
..."may day, may day, it's blooday"...zooooom....crash landing...annnnnnnnnnd stick.
I see u playing with winged pads while seated on the toilet. DON'T LIE, u've made airplane noise and swirled it around before putting it on.
What brand of feminine protection do you fellas use? Are you wing men or nah?
lol
Do you fellas have clotty periods or nah?
Did I mention I'm about to start my period? Save the date.
Just had a pound of crawfish!!
LOL..white people are funny...black folks would NEVER spend this kinda time on somebody lol
Guess how many accounts I follow you on...NONE.
I don't take you folks seriously. You wanna know me so damn bad
As much as you folks complain about me, you love adding me to your little stalker lists.
You have a purpose
I guess their calling stalking a relationship nowadays or?
Anyway....nobody is gonna bring me down.
Funny how folks think NOT being a damn liar is expecting them to be perfect. Being honest is not perfection.
I'm so tempted just to take an hour nap and go back to my office!
God it's going to be so hard for me to sleep! Maybe just a nap!
I'm soooooooooooooo excited. I've finally meshed all the pieces!!
...found a couple more sites, but that one seems to be really simple and easily worded...a teenager can understand.
Found this really cool goal site...I love the buddy aspect. 
Goodness, there are so many cool plug-ins for WordPress...almost too many.
Gotta stick to working! People let you down too damn much. Work won't let you down.
I can't with people anymore....
I'm sitting here like, if it's so easy for you to give up, what the hell are you buying a ticket for!!?
She acted surprised I don't wanna go! I'm like if you wanted me to go, why the hell you buying a ticket w/o telling me?
I'm just not a sneaky person...it's such a turn off to me. I rather just be blind-sided with information than sneak around looking for shit.
LAWD...I like partners in crime...not investigators!
I'm sitting here like, so what was your plan?? ...to "accidentally" bump into me?
...it makes me feel like I can't share myself with you without you going behind my back and digging into shit that's not your business.
That kinda stuff doesn't impress me.
No...I can't reward this behavior!!! I'm sitting here like, what you doing all that for???
She didn't even say anything to me about it until just now...I guess she thought I was following that??
She's trying to tell me she'll give me the ticket...I hate sneaky shit so much!!!!!!!! ..I can't
So, my friend did buy a ticket, BUT I'm not gonna go...her nosey ass has been following the page....SMH.
Cool! I made it home in less than an hour!! I can still get a little work in before I get tired.
You WANT to see me in a negative light...so I just stopped trying to show you anything else. LOL...fuck you
That's why I don't base my opinion of myself on what you folks have to say.
You don't see humility, you see low self-esteem.
It's funny how you've convinced yourselves that my behavior could exist within an arrogant, vain person...
You don't see me as humble, as I am, you see me as desperate.
You folks care about how you're perceived a lot more than I do. I really don't care, most times it's wrong.
Anyway...it doesn't matter...I can't go anyway. Calm down.
...AND you don't have it. That's why you're jealous.
You don't feel it, that's why it's easy for you to say "move on"..."walk away"..."new you"...blah, blah, blah...
I'm attracted to him because I'm wondering what is creating that energy because that's what I want to make people feel.
It's like you're thinking that my attraction to him is based on him treating me well...clearly it isn't...that's obvious...right?
My honesty bothers you...sorry.
You folks just don't have it.
Well..I really just wanted to see what creates all that creative energy that grabs a person. It doesn't matter that he hates me.
You guys don't think I know he's said really ugly things about me? ..and u think it's desperate that I still want to see a presentation?
You don't have creative energy that draws people in...you're a duplicate.
Which is probably why nobody is really interested in your shit.
...because you have NOTHING to talk about.
This won't die because YOU onlookers and analyzers of tweets (not he, me or she) refuse to let it die.
You onlookers create this conflict with your constant meddling...
I don't pay attention to him, haven't for a long time.
Moreover, I don't even view his page. That's why I'm just seeing this tour information. You folks watch me far more than I watch you.
I think you're jealous that nobody is really looking up to you.
Yes...I think you folks are just jealous.
You folks aren't even on the same page as me.
...some sort of sign that I'm a failure?? I don't care if he doesn't like me...if I cared, I wouldn't tell you white folks how I feel...
It like bothers your SOUL that I keep wanting to see what he's gonna do. To you, I should accept his constant dissing as a I don't know...
I really just think you folks are JELLY...lol...hahaha
I think that if I was a fan of YOURS you'd be all excited about it, but since I'm NOT you act like I've committed some sin.
I think that nobody cares about the shit you put out...and it bothers you that I care about what he has done.
I actually think there's a hint of jealousy here...I've always thought that.
So, because I tell the truth I'm stupid, mediocre, and lazy?
That's a shame.
I can tell...you think it's crazy...and it's shocking to you.
You guys aren't use to anybody who tells the truth huh??
...aren't curious...
Oh come on! Don't tell me you folks are curious to see that presentation...liars.
Oh goodness...relax...I'm only kidding.
Good thing I asked a friend to get tickets
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww...it's all sold out. Darn.
I really just wanna see Who, What, When, Where, Why...all this. I'm curious as hell!!!!
I just wanna watch the presentation. I promise I won't say anything at all...girl scouts honor!!
Unless somebody turns me away at the door....I am sooooooooooooooooooooooo gonna try to go!
Is there gonna be fire!?
LMAO!! I'm super curious!!!
Or maybe I'll try to go anyway.
I'm afraid...so I'll take that as a sign of danger.
I wanna know WHO &amp; WHAT in the hell is worth all this damn trouble...is he gonna put his head in a lions mouth or something?
Ok...I'll admit it. I really wanna go to this event sooooooooooooooooooo bad...but I know I'll never hear the end of it.
I was really flying through some work and then one stupid database stopped working...
Mondays are great!
I don't know why you would care what someone tweets about on their page. Just don't follow them. BWHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
Monday's are soooooooooo awesome!!!!
I'm not too worried about people thinking I'm crazy, since you follow my every tweet, sanity is obviously subjective.
Yep! Great day already.
Once I'm finished with my programs, I'll commence to taking my message around the world.
All I know is, folks thought Jesus was crazy too.
Now that I think about it, that's the exact reason I stopped going to church, a bunch of people talking about things they don't do.
Thank you for not including me in confusion.
LOL...but I'm just gonna keep being the crazy person that's the only one who understands this shit y'all building brands around.
What you folks understand is do for me and I'll do for you. That's not love. That's collaboration. You confuse a lot of things.
Another theme of this space, people talking about things that sound and look good, but really don't understand and can't do.
What has caused me strife in this space is I had the audacity to love and to continue to love when it wasn't returned. You don't know it.
Love is sacrifice and if you're believing anything other than that you don't know love.
I know one thing. You folks like to talk a lot about love...you know nothing about that.
My being here has purpose...you just don't know what it is...and you haven't for a long time.
I'm turning your negative asses into a HUGE positive for teens.
But I'm excited about getting to tell teens the right way to use social media.
...and you wouldn't be so committed to doing loser things.
An you wouldn't need or want a network of losers.
It's like I gather new material for my book everyday...which is what I'm teaching teens.
Lotta losers in this space.
It's going to be a great day...I can feel it.
Your positive ass shouldn't even be on this page.
I'm not concerned about being happy or positive for you folks. I only care about my people. FUCK YOU.
Do my family and friends want to hear about that...no.
Do I feel what I've said is true? Absolutely...it is. My personality can't live a lie and act like this shit y'all do is right or true.
...because that's what they need.
I'm gonna dance and hug all my loved ones and have a good ole time.
The more I unload on you folks on here...the better my day is! I'm going to go celebrate and act like I never said any of this shit. LMFAO!
I'm smiling...lol...I love unloading negative bullshit on you people.
Believe it or not, it's actually quite difficult to think of all this shit.
After I eat drink and be merry with my family, I'll come back and drop some more negative shit on y'all. I'll have to think of some...
You people love negative shit, so.
If black people struggle with positivity, it's because we're struggling against ACTUAL oppressive systems.
If a white person is struggling being positive...they're struggling with entitlement.
Really...more than any group...you white folks are ungrateful as hell!
When white folks tell me about being positive, I automatically know...they're struggling with having a life like the show "Friends"...
And actually, you have so little shit to complain about that insignificant shit, nothing shit, you have found a way to attack.
So, you say you're not a complainer like that means something. You don't have SHIT to complain about
I'm never gonna be positive about that bullshit.
Because when someone doesn't know how much money we have in our bank accounts, we're automatically considered 2nd class.
This is why a BILLIONAIRE black woman can't go into a store and buy a damn purse.
And even if your family missed the boat on having something...your whiteness is a commodity. We got screwed TWICE.
If you just wanna be really, really REAL...those first settlers made sure your family HAD something.
White people, there are systems in place...ideologies even...that make sure you DON'T experience certain environments and realities. FACT.
They really wanna believe their positive thoughts, gratitude, and hard work is the sole reason they're a success....no.
We have a lot of white people in this country that really, really think their success is SOLELY their doing, that's why they deny racism!
Who gives a fuck that you're not into complaining...we need to!
These are the REAL problems we're trying to eradicate. You say "be positive" because you're NEVER gonna have to deal with it!!
You're standing at the top of a ladder talking about be positive. Ummmm...even if you aren't you're still gonna be at the top.
Do you realize that whatever tragedy you experience somebody else experiences that PLUS all the bullshit that goes with racism.
I'm sorry, but white people talking about being positive is like....ummmmmmmmmmm okkkkkkkkay...what level are you hoping to achieve? Jesus?
You have great schools, plenty of representation, people think you can do know wrong...what the fuck do you have to be down about?
And really, what are you doing all that for, the systems that matter are set up for you to succeed. If you're down, you just wanna be...
White folks it doesn't matter how much you preach kindness, positivity and gratitude if the LAWS you co-sign are not in line with that.
By default we end up needing to move away from white people because y'all really think whatever is important to you ought to be to us. NO.
When what white people care about ain't at the forefront of a black person's consciousness, it's a problem. Fuck that.
White people, drive through black communities and tell me if it feels like this country loves black people.
...I think that's what you're saying white folks.
So...Talib Kweli should be more concerned about his white fan base than fighting for his people? Is that what you're saying while folks?
CTFU. Someone gathers they're hated by social activism, while we're pushed into ghettos, low performing schools, and preyed upon by police
@ParkerBaston @TalibKweli I feel uncomfortable being an American, seems like this country hates all blacks.
We're expected to be perpetually concerned with white folks and their feelings, but they don't need to give two shits about us?
...a black musical favorite tweets about oppression and suddenty he "hates all whites".
LOL...white people can oppress us for hundreds of years and we're supposed to be positive.
As soon as I'm finished with my projects, I'm getting the hell out of here.
This country is for WHITE people. Any holiday on the books is celebrating them alone.
Revise the name to Happy Non-Black Mother's Day and I might celebrate for you. I'll celebrate truth.
I am NOT falling for this bullshit.
If this country cared about my BLACK mother, her son shouldn't have to move to another country to be a success.
I care about my BLACK mother...too much to celebrate her on a day that OPPRESSORS have chosen. FUCK yall.
How in HELL do we need a #BlackLivesMatter hashtag to stir civil rights and you want me 2 think the woman that GAVE the live matters to you?
FACT...this country ain't happy my mother had me.
Make a holiday for #BlackLivesMatter and I'll go spend some money on these other bull holidays made up to create revenue streams.
My mother ain't getting SHIT from me today, but a kiss...like everyday
This country only cares about NON-BLACK mothers because that's the only women whose children they aren't freely killing! #BlackLivesMatter
USA: Oh...it's so GREAT you're a mother

Mom of Black Child: Yippie somebody's celebrating me

USA: Yeah, but you're genetically stupid, so.
USA: Oh...it's so GREAT you're a mother

Mom of Black Child: Yippie somebody's celebrating me

USA: What size cell does your child wear?
USA: Oh...it's so GREAT you're a mother

Mom of Black Child: Yippie somebody's celebrating me

USA: Now get back to the ghetto...
Today, when you say Happy Mother's Day to a mom of a black child add..."we can't wait to fuck over your kid" at the end.
Today, the United States is saying THANK YOU to black and brown mothers for continuing to have children to fund the Criminal Justice system.
So...lets stop all the protesting around the country for #BlackLivesMatter and celebrate the women who had those we wanna lock up or kill.
oh....another revenue stream.
If you don't care whether a child has a good education, good living conditions, or good health care, WHY are we celebrating Mother's Day?
We celebrate Mother's Day like folk really give a shit about children.
...and then you all...with your loving kindness...will help them not only live, but feel greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaat!!!
...it really doesn't matter about the quality of life a child experiences...only that they get here.
Just for today, when you see a child that's clearly neglected, be grateful she has a mother.
It's such a wonderful day
Lying, plotting, calculating, selfish bitches...just because you became somebody momma don't mean nothing.
I have a difficult time really getting into female holidays...too many bitches out there.
Come back on Father's Day for cheer.
Happy Happy Mother's Day to you bitches...
Happy Ungrateful Woman Day to all the women who had a decent man, but couldn't work with him and won't let him see his children.
And finally.....
To the women who can't wait to get rid of their children so they can go to clubs and have fun, Happy You Shouldn't Be Nobody's Momma Day!
Happy Baby Momma Day to all the women with an assortment of baby daddys and no husband. May you pick somebody.
Happy Gold Digger Day to all the ladies who tracked down an athlete to get pregnant by...on the first date. May your bank account prosper.
LMAO! :D
Ok. Well Happy C-Section Day, even though you had fun while u laid up and got pregnant, but was too lazy to push it out. We celebrate you...
What? ...not cheerful enough?
I would say happy Mother's Day, but since I really don't care for you folks. Happy Vaginal Loseness Day...may it continue to expand.
Ain't nobody celebrating Mother's Day yet...I can get a few hours of work in.
That poor woman...lord...that really unnerved me. I had to take an Aleve
I ain't so far gone that I think taking a picture of somebody's intimate parts, without them knowing, is okay
I know Jessica Alba is a celebrity, but damn at what point to you realize that you're raping a person digitally!
...that's a blockable offense.
That's so abusive it's unreal!
A woman can't bend over to assist her child without somebody with a camera in her crotch...then some fool circulating it on the internet.
Exactly why I ain't concerned with what Twitter profiles think of me...that's a disgrace
@barbaracarolls this is disgusting that you would circulate this obviously non-sexual pic.She looks to be assisting a child!
I talk about you folks because you put so much effort into me knowing you. I'm just staying to laugh.
LOL!!!! Folks wanna talk about how they ain't worried about me, but pitch a tent and build a campfire around me TL..YOU WORRIED ABOUT ME
If you spend more time than me on my page, I'm gonna go ahead and say, you're worried about me...don't.
I think that's really sweet and cool...for your husband.
Do women these days have sexy pictures taken for their man?

Not a selfie, a professional picture.
...nothing wrong with a little game of peek-a-boo...
I guess I see how that could be sexy if you've made your man dinner and you have a silk robe covering it.
I'm following somebody selling lingerie.
Is that kinda stuff for people with bad skin or something?? I don't get it.
This is off subject, as I usually am, but once lingerie is crotchless and breasts are exposed...what's the point?
I'm giving up on this movie...I need this to be more outer spacenessityic
I can be mean myself. I don't need your help there.
But thanks...I think...that's not me.
That's not me.
I've been meaning to say that for quite some time...
To the folks who subtweet me stuff that you think I'll want to retweet because it's "defend" my position but is mean...find something to do.
I do alot of shit in one area. Fits my personality.
...I'm not taking one...that's the name.
I developed all these ideas many, many years ago...happy to just now be able to do them. VALIUM.
I'm watching Aliens vs Predator...they should've made the Predator go into space because...it's being trapped that makes it all work.
It's niche comedy...teachers need to laugh.
Gathering material for a new comedy show I'm producing...hey...I don't know when this ride is gonna end. I'm doing all my shit NOW
She's the one that made the margarita.I don't drink.
If Karen is  feeling up to it, later tonight she'll detail our long road with schizophrenia and multiple personality disorder.
LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!! I need to stop messing with you people, but it's really so fun.
I can always tell by your responses what you think your strong point is, cuz you can't WAIT to say what about you is better.
This place can be a real hoot sometimes.
Now...I really am crying...tears of laughter!
You couldn't WAIT to get your little tweet together. Hahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
Doing that makes me laugh. LMAO! Cuz I KNOW you enjoy thinking you're better than somebody else.
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's the kinda shit you folks like to hear...that's why you're here.
I'm crying...sadness overwhelms me
If I ever do start tweeting positivity, you'll go away LMFAO!!! That's not what you're into.
Tomorrow, I'm gonna have an abortion.
LMFAO!!! You just latch on to it so easily.
LOL...you people LOVE believing negative shit.
Just giving you heads up...
In June, I'm planning on starting a cocaine diet.
I have a little bald spot on the right side of my head where my hair is falling out from worry. I almost forgot to tell yall that.
I'm about to drink a margarita and layout on the couch...check back on the 18th. I might hit 170!
....just giving you a bit of material.
OH! I weighed myself. I weigh 168 lbs.  I normally weigh 134-138.
For massive impact, just save them all for one day..the 18th. You'll surely crush me then.
My birthday is on the 18th, so I'll be feeling good that day. Perfect opportunity to attempt to stab me....really hurt me.
You guys aren't dedicated...
See now...everybody should be on vacation at the same time...smh
Mental Health???
Couples that train together...?
Plenty more room for I AM statements as well. After Mother's Day maybe??
I haven't gotten any obesity subtweets or followers lately...y'all on holiday?
Southwest Chicken Soup &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm just now watching a Lord of the Rings movie...not bad.
I'm only here because this outlet prevents me from flipping on my family. Otherwise....
If you know, because I've told you several times, that I'm tweeting frustrations...why do you keep coming back here, but complain about me??
I can log on at any time throughout the day and service these people, but I DON'T. That's why I don't understand why you folks are here.
One of my side jobs is working a customer service chat window. These people are ALWAYS complaining, they bring me down.
The Criminal Justice system is feeding off the population. We're existing for it instead of it existing for us.
1) We're locking people up to ensure other folks have jobs...wrong
2) We're locking people up without REHABILITATING...wrong
We shouldn't be having whole families being represented in prison. Natural families...not some kinda "play" sister, uncle, etc.
...and those where white men! All in prison at the same time...youngest...so sad...on death row!! Can you imagine. It's heartbreaking
I've watched shows where the grandfather, father, and son were all in prison!! That's a damn shame. It's wrong for us to ignore the problem!
On top of that, these folks have children!! So, we have an uneducated parent, locked up somewhere...
If people with degrees don't have jobs, those who never graduated high school (in today's age) are most likely career criminals.
That documentary trailer offers a stat of 70% of people in prisons being high school dropouts. Well duh...people with degrees r unemployed.
Then, once they do get all entangled in the JS we just lock folk up and let them keep circulating in and out of prison...something's wrong!!
These kids that drop out of high school are most likely going to end up in criminal activity, yet we act like it's no big deal
I have no idea how it doesn't bother people that we're locking up folks with all kinds of issues and very poor education...for their lives!
I'm so happy more people are paying attention to this issue! People deserve all the chances we can give them.
@hillharper It'd be great if you could lend support on this documentary concerning mass incarceration. The Corridor. 
So powerful!! People are ASSETS that need to be developed not failures that need to be controlled - The Corridor  
Already got tons of work done this morning...
I love it when I find a day.
I just realized it's Saturday!! I have so much work to do. I thought it was Sunday.
All in all, I have a really good life. I just have to control my mind more than most people.
So I'm not lazy, I just get tired quick because I expend a lot of energy throughout the day pulling my mind back into alignment.
So there's a lot of energy being used just to think clearly.
You just don't have a natural inclination to stop those kinds of thoughts...it takes really knowing yourself to do so.
These are what I call invincibility thoughts...you're thinking something good that can cause you serious damage.
It's natural to know to re-direct a bad thought, but I  have to re-direct good ones too, because they're too good.
There are days when both of those happen in short periods of time. I am aware that it's happening, afterwards, when I'm able to analyze
Then there are days where I experience the polar opposite of that. Superwoman like optimism...nothing can keep me down.
I'm proud of who I am. I'm not ashamed of anything I struggle with. My plan is to keep creating until I die.
People don't know shit...they really don't.
So a person suffering with this daily is FAR MORE positive than somebody not being attacked by their mind.
This is not a matter of selecting a thought. This is a matter of thoughts attacking you.
I was enjoying the occasion, enjoying the person, enjoying everything, but bombarded by these thoughts out of the blue.
I have laughed, smiled, and had a good 'ole time with thoughts of suicide swirling in my head. I just let it pass...the thought.
This how depressed people survive. When I'm feeling hopeless, I know, all I really have to do is smile through it. Folks think you're okay.
Just because somebody is smiling doesn't mean they're hopeful...
...and depression is not  just a feeling of unhappiness. No.It's not even sadness. It's a feeling of hopelessness.
Nobody would tell somebody with a broken leg to go run to feel better, yet folks have no problem telling a person w/depression be positive.
Understand mental health and positivity collectively, just like you measure physical well-being and athleticism collectively....
...so you can stop tweeting that one.
It doesn't matter how much of the past I take responsibility for or how I move forward, you people are still gonna be here bothering me.
I have to remind myself to not buy wireless mice....they suck. I'd rather have a cord.
God has given people with a lot more than I have something to do and they didn't even have the balls to try.
At least God gave me something to do that I actually tried to do. It's enough.
So folks can laugh and/or come and watch episodes, but what they won't see is all I create and that's A.Ok with me.
I'm gonna let the same mind that brings me down express massive motivation and overwhelming drive to achieve. That's what I'm doing.
I'm not doing NONE of that shit.
Well-meaning people actually encourage you to stop your life and go sit down somewhere to basically vegetate. No.
Churches wanna convince you to just keep giving and God will bless you with health.
Counselors look at you like a life-long customer. They have no real incentive for you to get well. They want your insurance money.
When you're dealing with an illness that can't be seen, medical professionals turn you into a lab rat, trying any ole shit just to see. No.
Eventually folks are going to get bored with me and move one and I'll have my outlet back.
..at least I did something I really wanted to do with my life vs drawing a disability check as a fully capable woman.
Even if my programs don't have major success, at least I did it!
My friends and family need me to be happy and that's what I am.
Even though folks believe that I've "ruined' something, I'm still okay with that versus being a downer for my family and friends.
That use to work well because nobody really paid attention to me.
I don't burden my family or friends with the ups and downs I experience daily. It wouldn't be fair or loving.
I'm just not a person who journals. Twitter is....was....a perfect outlet for me. I had somewhere to place these emotions.
Unless I wanted to draw disability at 28, I had to accept that most of my life's work, I was going to have to do feeling bad...thus Twitter.
I know more than anyone....it's not about feeling good enough to do something. And feeling bad about something doesn't mean it's a no go
Still wouldn't want to do anything else.
Work never ends.
.......I wish I could buy a ticket today.
Take that tweet and go away.
I have a gun to my head because I hate myself and if I only had enough gratitude in my life I wouldn't be suicidal...I need a book.
Ok...let me give you what you want....
When the hell are you gonna go away...have you not brought enough pain into my life? What else do you need my actual suicide?
This show is still hilarious to me....although extremely racist.
This Kanye episode of SouthPark is HILARIOUS.
And really, I just don't have any real respect for you folks. You could present me with the solution to all my problems, I wouldn't take it.
It's really NOT too much to ask. I've experienced it before...in OTHER countries.
I want to be in a place where people don't point to you like, see her..."you don't wanna be like that".
I want to be around people who don't look at you like a retard that needs fixing.
I want to be in a place where a colossal joke is not constantly being played on me.
All he ever says is 'I can't do that to him"...
My sister in law wants to move to the States but my brother is HORRIFIED by the idea of his son being raised here.
If I could buy a ticket tomorrow...
I've kept up with a lot of Germans and Bulgarians over the years...very cool, laid back people.
European white people seem to be so opposite.
I'm happy to get away from here because that's an American spirit
The spirit of a person, and I've witnessed this several times with white women, that goes to another country and treats them like trash.....
He was just making fun of them....where does that spirit come from?
So he had been doing this to all my friends and they, not wanting to disappoint him, had been attempting to answer a question he didn't ask.
After about 10 minutes of him talking he asks me to "answer the question"...he hadn't asked one....he just smiled at me and laughed.
This guy starts talking using all these big words and nonsense sentence structure that didn't lead to a point.
So I meet this guy. He knew I was American...but clearly he thought I was a dumb ass.
My friend told me that this guy was really "interesting" and "possibly" intelligent....I thought that was a strange way to describe someone.
I just remembered a white guy I ran into that was from the states. An African friend introduced him to me...with a disclaimer.
I remember when I was in Africa...back in the villages...no lie...it was heaven to walk around and NOT see a white face.
I'm sooooooooo excited!! I'm finally getting out of here for good.
I guess their already pretty nearby lol. I'm just ready to G.O....gotta finish my projects first
I wish I could go today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mexico and Jamaica will be near by....
Like constantly being around all white people is comfortable for us...
The weird thing is most white people think it's okay for them 2 feel weird being around all blacks, but that shouldn't be weird for us.
A 2 hour flight can give me some measure of peace. I might be gone before the end of the year.
I'm actually very excited about relocating to Belize, looking forward to it.
Only deep feelers get wrapped up in this kind of crap.
...I just got tired of you attacking me.
If I've said something bad and or hurtful about you or to you...it was DEFENSE.
I don't sit around collecting "evidence" and bad emotions to throw back in people's face.
I don't laugh at people when they're struggling. You can be my enemy and i'll still applaud you because I understand that struggle...daily.
I will give my very last to someone I don't even know because my soul will cry out to help. I feel other people's pain very intensely.
I on the other hand am a excruciatingly sincere and warm person which is why I have to protect myself from abusers.
I know when I think of you folks sincerity and warmth don't come to mind.
Now go figure out what's wrong with you...
My will to bounce back is just as strong, if not stronger, than the emotion of sadness.
My emotions are more intense than the average person. So I feel very intensely, all emotions.
You can't advise me about SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT...I do more feeling bad that you folks will do in a lifetime.
Don't go out and buy a lottery ticket...it's not your lucky day.
Sometimes that passes quickly and some times it doesn't. For me, it's brought on by working a lot and not resting enough. Don't get excited.
Not that I care to educate you dumb fucks, but as the name explains...sigh...Bipolar people have mood swings that they can't control.
Take all your bullshit advice and apply it to yourself. You can't find another Bipolar account to crush on?
I know what's wrong with me, ask yourself what the fuck is wrong with YOU?
What the fuck are you trying to give me advice for a medical condition for?
You folks that think you can positive think your way out of bipolar disorder, fuck off dumb asses...
My thoughts don't stop me from doing a damn thing. I've lived with this my whole life. Move the fuck on and leave me alone.
You fuckers just don't have SHIT to do.
Move on and quit worrying about what the fuck I'm doing.
That thought makes me feel so optimistic because I know an end is coming.
If I cannot get out of this country by the end of the year. I'm just going to kill myself and get it over with. I'm really just tired...
There's abuse of something at every turn here.
...do you ever just talk about what ever is in YOUR mind?
I shouldn't have to medicate myself to tolerate my country...
I think it's time to move from this facade of happiness - people drowning in addiction and drug-induced joy to real joyful people.
I think it's normal to move out of the neighborhood you grew up in. I think I just need to take that a step further...
In my heart I know...it's just taken a long time to process because this is my "home"...but this is not my home.
Excuse me if I miss took unyielding attention as attraction. I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking.
In so many different ways, blacks are so much more compassionate, loving, and giving than whites. I gotta stick with my own people.
It's genetic.
...that's what I'm talking about.
See...I'm supposed to be caring so much about you that I morph my timeline to suit you, but you think that worrying about me is a waste.
Apparently, I should have been worried about what you folks thought all along. It's only a waste of time from your end...superiority.
Either way, I'm kinda sad at this revelation, but honestly, I think my life will be so much better off just not associating with whites.
I really don't think you folks now the answer yourselves. I honestly believe you're genetic egotists.
I've been hoping all these years that through love or loving someone I would find the answer to those questions.
Why do you think you "know" me...what I'm feeling? Why do you step on other people for fun...but project this pretty image of kindness??
What I've been trying to figure out is...WHY do white people think they own everything?? Why do you have this superiority attitude??
It would be a lot better if we didn't have ONE race of people who wanted to OWN everybody else and all the damn land.
Then you talk about making the world "better"...it would be better if you folks didn't exist...
All white people do is suffocate the rest of the world! And you claim every inch of land, ocean, and air as yours!!
Did I not move on to entirely different fucking platform and your found a way to belong there!!?
I'm not talking about that instance, I'm talking about this entire scenario!!! And you're just proving my point.
I guess that's why I was really trying to love you.You're kinda hard to ignore, but I have friends and family who've given up, it's possible
You white people get the luxury of having days, weeks, months, years possibly without seeing us....you're my daily experience.
Admittedly, I'm in the hatred zone right now. I'd prefer not to see any white people today, but HA! I've not gone a day in LIFE w/o seeing u
It doesn't come from hatred. It's the giving up the need to understand or relate to you. I'm tired of being on the "figuring out of you" end
Hmmmmmm...I wonder if any one else has had this moment of epiphany where you realize you really just gotta put a whole race of folks down.
...which is kinda sad. I always have the picture in my head of my team growing with me, being happy with me...
I have two really talented white people working for me now, but mentally I know now, they're never going to be anything more than employees.
We may not be the best at unity, but we're also not lying, arrogant, control freaks. I've FINALLY learned my lesson!!
I gotta get back to my black people you white folks are too fake for me. Like, I can't anymore...
She would possibly had said something, and NONE of her friends wouldn't have wasted their energy fighting me.
I can tell you right now...for a fact...if this situation was a black woman's man...this wouldn't have happened.
I think people probably need to stick with their own people/race. Intermixing of races just creates a power struggle for superior values.
I use to think that you just loved people...different races. Noooooooo...I don't think that anymore. I think the Chinese have it correct.
I'm feeling like this is a real breakthrough! On some level, I think I might have needed to simply give up on white folks...I give up!
I guess that's why most of yall look at us as thieves.
Oh wow!! That's really sad! I give no second thought to you folks being genetic liars now.
It's like your way is seared to my frontal lobe....I can't not know now or do the ""give everybody a chance" thing now. That requires a gap.
Every time I see a picture of a white person, the world liar comes to mind.
I'm honestly getting to the point of hating to even see pictures of white people.
If you ask my friends and family, they'll tell you...I'm the last domino to fall....sorry but good riddance.
I think this is the end of the line with me trying to "socialize" with white people...I need to just work and leave yall behind after that.
I really don't wanna say this or believe this..I really don't, BUT I think this exchange my be the place where I finally throw in the towel.
Sometimes it really is hard living as a minority because you folks project great stories, but DO some of the low-downest shit.
...."we're all working for a better world"...my ass. You're working to be in control of some shit, that's about it.
Anyway....don't give me NO CHANCES...thanks for being gracious enough to let me use this worldwide social media application.
That's why burning down buildings bothers y'all and dead people in the street don't.
In Baltimore, more folks care about stopping the violence than solving the problem. The problem, they don't care about, doesn't affect them.
If I hadn't found that list, I'd have never realized you were using me, not to that extent. You just don't want KNOWN conflict to survive.
Same thing White America does to minority America. After "classifying" folks, they get to talking about kindness, positivity and hard work.
Actually, conflict can survive w/o your participation. All you have to do is turn somebody into a pariah and go sit down and sip lemonade.
Maybe it's just me, I don't wanna know abusive people. I don't care how attractive or savvy or connected or influential or rich you are.
Sometimes I'm truly perplexed...exactly what about this makes you say to yourself, "I'm worth knowing"???
So no...nothing nice to say about you folks from this end...
You fully intended and did turn me into a pariah with the intent to use me. If that ain't a slave owners mentality, what is?
I'm not understanding why you don't see how a person of color would have a problem....oh!!! lol....that would require caring, not abuse.
Ok...that's racism in Capitalist America.
Your intent was to create a system where I unknowingly feed you, without you having to associate with me. Correct?
Your intent was to use me from afar. Is that not correct?
You had me on a list while saying I should "move on" not because you wanted me 2 move on, but you needed my conversation to move on.Correct?
You want me to stop focusing on you so you can freely use me, without my "annoying complaints". Is that not correct?
I'm sorry, I don't think the fact that you folks are white Americans is a coincidence. I think abuse of position is genetic for you guys.
Capitalist America wants us to "focus on positivity" &amp; "peacefully protest" while they build more, bigger, better, stronger prisons for us.
Capitalist America comes to us to siphon talents (athletic, entertainment, etc.) and turns right around and tells us we're worthless.
I think the reason that bothers me is it's such a perfectly true depiction of racism in Capitalist America.
You wanna collaborate with me and hate me....
Use your collaborators...stop using me...since I'm so negative.
Every thought that pops into your bird brain of a brain when I'm present stems from me, yet you don't like me. Send me a check B#@&amp;%
I see you've mastered denial.
Previous avatar was my lovely, late great, great grandmother.
I gotta get back to work. Toodles.
This has been a public service announcement...on a cable channel.
If you don't understand your purpose and motivation, you damn sure don't understand mine! I reject you and your skewed thoughts.
That's the main reason I'm not trying to listen to positive subtweets from folks sitting around watching me. Positivity is not your goal.
Anybody who was apart of your crew, but left...is probably more concerned with positivity than collaboration.
...because my truth slices clean through all these lies y'all wanna tell.
All I'm saying is you can keep your collaboration in tact by getting away from me...NOT because I'm negative, like you wanna say....
That's why you keep using the terms you're using. Your concern is the breaking up of a collaboration, your concern is not positivity.
I need to do a damn webinar for you folks cuz....
That's why a little bell is not going off in your heads that you're off course. You're on course with collaboration...not positivity.
You believe in collaboration far more than you believe in positivity.
Collaboration...not positivity lead you here.
If you think positivity lead you here, I submit to you that you in fact need to find another belief system.
Oh my...no.
You really think positivity lead you here?
See how deception has warped your brains?
Basically, I'm calling you folks FRAUDS, you're not positive.
A positive thought is not going to have you DOING something negative. So, if you're DOING something negative, your thoughts are negative.
For the record, I don't doubt positive thinking, but I do doubt the hell out of people saying positive things, but doing negative things.
You're believing your own tweets.
I need you people to come all the way back down to planet Earth.
And I don't wanna know anybody that would take a picture of a child acting like a fool for foolish adult purposes!
...you wanna be worth knowing....ha! I wouldn't dare wanna know somebody that would block a child's blessing.
Because I just as easily could have reminded you, like I'm reminding you now, how you really place your egotistical needs before others.
I am NOT going to forget that, so if I compliment you, you really need understand that was love....and be grateful.
...blocking kids from assistance talking about you wanna be worth knowing....what.in.the.hell. WHEN DAT HAPPEN?
And, if you're not happy, you need to just shut up, because you're barely worth knowing.
I'm not going to forget that you stopped some kids from getting my scholarships...bot. If I compliment you...you need to be damn happy.
If you're gonna be REAL, be real, share your life. If you're gonna be a bot, be a bot, but STAY WORKING, don't slip into personal lives.
I think they do have a name for accounts that just want followers...bots...why act like a real person if you're gonna be a bot? Ahhhh scam.
Scam...scheme...fake...con...whatever you wanna call it.
Cuz, if you're not going to be doing ON THE JOB what you're asking me to do in my personal life...ummmmmmmmmmmmm that's a Ponzi Scheme.
Y'all probably should've just stayed working.
...sarcasm...
Ohhhhhhhhhhh....nevermind...you're at work.
You've run all over Twitter calling me a liar...catfish...etc. All while sitting up lying.
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...seems you folks hold me to a different standard than what you have for yourselves.
If you didn't wanna be well known, you wouldn't have had such a joyous day when that follow count tipped past 99K...remember that day? I do.
Y'all get stuck in positivity and get to lying...
Y'all have a hard time stating truth. Just say, "I don't like you, don't compliment me"
Those two things don't go together...somebody who shares is always going to be well-known. Trust me on this one.
If you don't wanna be known, what's the point of opening up to all these people you don't know?? Why share your tears?
Seems strange to me....are you large accounts NOT trying to be well known? I think I use too much logic dealing with you folks.
...and I'm intentionally not being kind...seems kindness makes your brains go "Kapow.....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz....BOOM"
If somebody pays you to post links....just post links. Leave this thinking thing alone.
That was agreement with the retweet, since you dummies can't tell.
There's actually quite a few dumb people in this space handing out advice...the gossips.
Either way, I'm grateful I ain't on your sinking ship!
You need new leadership or actually SOME leadership would help.
Go straight convection with this ish.
Spread your....whatever....around evenly.
You folks are like a microwave with a plate that doesn't spin. You're burning one spot up, while the center is still cold.
Move around me, if you wanna change the temperature.
I'm not your problem. Your problem is you're arrogant enough to think that you OWN this space &amp; that you're entitled to change or remove me.
I don't OWE YOU a damn thing. I keep having to make change outta yalls asses though.
Arrogance has brought you this far and it's going to have you tasting your own esophagus via your anal cavity.
I don't care if you retreat, go in another direction, or put your head up your ass...it's your head and your nose.
...and I mean YOU, You, YoU, yOu, yoU, yOu......Yooooooooooooooooooooooou
You know what I expect from you...NOTHING, so I ain't mad when I get just that from you. You're mighty arrogant.
Ummmmmmmmmmmm...send me a contract and a signing bonus because you're expecting a helluva lot out of me for NO reason.
Oh WAIT....ohhhhhhhhhh snap! I got it. This is Jeopardy, but I'm supposed to understand a fake account sent to discover truth!
Price is Right!? ...but I'm guessing level of emotion?
OH WAIT!!! I get it!!! This is Keeping Up With The Kardashians, without a Kardashian, I'm supposed to be keep up tho??!!!!!
Ohhhhhhh this is like Basketball Wives where nobody is married, but the show is still about wives. This is just Basketball Twitter orrrrrrr?
Is caring about people who don't care about you the new black or something? I'm not getting this fashion trend.
I must be working for Invisible Man because I'm getting invisible checks and invisible benefits, that's why my care is, invisible.
Do I need to be looking for a 1099 in bish?
I damn near got up to go check my mailbox for a check cuzzzzzz.................I'm not getting why I should be caring.
...but it is the height of arrogance to think somebody should dedicate their whole damn timeline to making you feel....some type of way.
Only crooks spend their lives looking around.
I gotta unplug my premium cable....I don't normally watch that channel.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....I see. AGAIN...I lose noooooooooooooooooooooo sleep.
Oh well. I'm not in the business of making people "get me". I'm just a business man.
I wish Twitter had more posts from large accounts like that. It was very inspiring!
It really doesn't matter what I think, but I feel that was the most impactful post I've seen on Twitter PERIOD. It was real, real ADMIRABLE.
I don't admire Oprah Winfrey because she's a billionaire. I admire Oprah Winfrey because she had the GUTS to be totally vulnerable...seen!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! You think I'm like you! No. When people pour their hearts out, I don't laugh. I admire.
...or so use to implications and innuendos....ambiguous kindness...that you can't see value or sincerity in truth.
You folks are so blind, you can't recognize a compliment.
I'm a thermometer. I change climates. I'm NOT adjusting to your temperature.
YOU'RE the ones who made it where I can't talk to anybody else. Geniuses.
DUH...the answer is...sit down next to and talk to, about, around SOMEBODY else!!
I've gone to different social media platforms, you kept coming to my bench to talk.
I've changed accounts SEVERAL million times....you kept coming to my park bench to talk.
If you sit down on a park bench and talk all around a person, but never to that person, eventually they're going to start talking to you.
Hmmmmmmm....there's some basic principles about human behavior you folks don't understand. I don't know why, very basic.
The only way to get me out of your "lives" is to stop including me in them...
I believe some months back, I told you that your leadership was leading you over a cliff...I see you finally realize what I meant.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...No.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...you.thought.you.were.gonna.make.me.quiiiiiiiiiit. No.
Didn't you add me to lists and chase me all over social media platforms to keep up with me?
The attention I have on here came from y'all. I don't see what the fuss is about. People can't turn me on, then turn me off...ask Dave.
I shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhould be charging you for air-time at this point. I'm Twitter popular.
Consider it a shout out to my sponsors.
Hey...you folks are the ones who made me into a channel. Now you're mad when I mention you?
Either way, please understand I'm Premium Cable...satellite...not PBS.
One minute I might be frolicking, the next I might be in heat or even planning the night's meal....who knows.
When I think I'm in love, I'm a ray of sunshine. When I'm not feeling it, I ain't. Consider me more of a National Geographic type show...
I wish the best for you all (kinda), but if you're wanting to the watch the "Positivity 24/7/365" show. This ain't the right channel.
I'm NOT here to put on a show fo ya!
I mask is a mask is a mask....positive or negative...it's still a character.
NOBODY is trying to hear about good times all the time. They know it's fake, moreover, they think you're trying to deceive.
I'm so glad that Emily made that discovery and I'm happy that she gets to see the response people have to REALNESS.
I don't run from negativity. It's the FIRST sign of honesty. Once I know what I'm dealing with, then I can come in and be a thermostat.
These people who fall into financial schemes, they didn't believe a negative crook. They believed an optimistic, positive CROOK.
You can be a positive worrier, a positive crook, a positive liar, if you're measuring positivity by what people SAY and not what they DO.
The reason you're not getting it, is you're letting the deceit of positivity cloud your judgment on what's actually Biblical and ethical.
Some of y'all are working REAL hard to keep the temperature the same, when you really should be letting God change it through you.
This thing where you're only able to survive climates you're use to isn't Biblical.
Shadrach, Meshach, and A-Bad-Negro (as the Baptist like to say) where IN the fire and God changed the environment.
The Bible says Daniel was IN the lions den and he changed the environment. He didn't look in see some lions and say "nawwwwwwwwwwl".
Decide whether you're gonna be a thermometer - only checking the temperature or a thermostat with the ability to change the temperature.
You don't stop believing in what's possible for yourself because environments and other people say you're wrong.
Optimism and positivity needs to be INSIDE you, so the environment and other people don't make you quit. Who cares what you say, DON'T QUIT.
Something that would or someone who would make your life grand MIGHT be dead smack in the middle of negativity. You're gonna push it way.
I keep trying to tell y'all this stuff y'all are believing is not Biblical. This stuff w/no fear, no doubts...that came out of a manifesto.
Take out all the shade, fights, disagreements, wars, and beatings...you don't have a Bible.
Why y'all think so many people are believers today? Because the Scriptures show the STRUGGLE of Christ and His overcoming.
If you start acting like your life is all together and you're always positive, your name is gonna be on a Maury card...."...that's a lie"
Point blank...nobody is interested in how great your life is...nobody. People are interested in how you overcame a struggle, that's REAL.
There's levels to this positivity thing. You insult a person's intelligence by acting like you're positive 24/7/365. You come off as a liar.
I'll take internal unyielding optimism over external unyielding optimism any day...you know and other folks know that ain't real.
You folks tweet positivity while attempting to slice somebody's throat...sorry...I don't aspire to be that or whomever you are.
I'm as optimistic and hopeful as they come, yet some think I'm negative because I'm TRUTHFUL.
Tweeting about positivity doesn't make you positive. Just like me tweeting about animals doesn't make me an actual animal...
As far as I'm concerned, y'all ALL negative, which is why you do so much dirt in the dark.
Stop looking for kindness here.
...which was get the %#%$#^$ out of my DMs  with these #%#$^6$@@^$^%$^%^^&amp;^%*$&amp;^*$&amp;^@!@ questions that don't concern you.
My experience would be so much different on here if I'd have NOT chosen to be kind and said what I was really feeling....
If I sound harsh, it's because I'm NOT being kind...on purpose. So you can't say I said blah when that's not what I said.
Kindness is ambiguous. Trying to be kind has everybody thinking I'm a liar. It won't happen again...
My personality is simple. I'm wildly optimistic and authentic. Every time I've tried to spare somebody's feelings it's blown up in my face.
If you don't wanna talk to me, no problem, but please don't talk at me and expect me to respect you.
I can't stand positive or negative subtweets...don't talk AT me.
I have everything and EVERYONE I need in my life. #Gratitude!
We must be #grateful for simple things! Can you have the power to abuse or misuse someone, but NOT? That's character and leadership quality.
"Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." - Les Brown
Oh, but you will NEVER get rid of me now. If I have to block my family off because of you. You will NEVER get rid of me now.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
The smallest details will make the BIGGEST difference.
You are the only one that creates your reality.
"It's so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to." - Annie Gottlier
If you don't want to do what God called you to do, He'll find somebody else.
The worst thing that could happen to a #teen is NOT a nude picture on social media. The worst thing is making somebody they don't know rich.
So you think you know what social is huh? Coming in July. #SOCIALisGLOBAL #Teens #Motivation #Success 
"The problem in the church is it's run by people who feel qualified, as long as you feel qualified you'll never do what God needs you to do"
You wouldn't....
Oh yeah...comfort.
Encourage Yourself! #NoMatterHowYouFeelYouCanTHRIVE


Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
 

Openness, humility, transparency. A teens guide to learning about social. Coming in July!

 


I am NEVER going to stop believing in our teens. I am never going to stop using my voice. I am never going to stop being a solution.
Watching that makes me cry because it's so true.
PLEASE WATCH THIS ~~&gt; How where you live can determine your path to college  or prison 


How Thinking Big Can Make You Happier  #SuperSoulSunday @OWN


