The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything, they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry.
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
Watch your habits, they become character and watch your character, it becomes your destiny.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
To the world you may be but one, but to one you might be the world.
If your boyfriend or girlfriend wrongs you--don't tell your parents about it. You might forgive them, but your parents won't.
If you pick a girl up for a date and her hair is down, drive with the windows closed. Otherwise, you'll ruin her hair and she'll be upset!
Buy one, get one free. Then get a refund and keep the free one.
Can't afford Microsoft Word? Get "open office", it's the same thing except it's free and has more features
No matter what your beliefs, if someone wishes you a Merry Christmas the polite thing to do is say "thank you"
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.
I fall asleep in peace the moment I lie down because you alone, O LORD, enable me to live securely. -Psalm 4.8
When you talk, you are repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
Make the rest of your life the best of your life.
Be content with what you have, because God has said, "Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." -Hebrews 13:5
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer.
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.:
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
God has a blessing with your name on it.
You were born to win, although to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, &amp; expect to win.
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
Pray more, worry less.
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
Never be afraid to try, remember...Amateurs built the ark Professionals built the Titanic.
The longer the explanation, the bigger the lie.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Take risks: If you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will gain wisdom.
u wrote me a note and it said "n ss!w !" ...it didnt make sense till i turned it upside down
Never give up on anybody, miracles happen everyday.
Never deprive someone of hope, it might be all they have.
A wise person knows that there is something to be learned from everyone.
Never underestimate the power of a kind word or deed.
:) 
Love your enemies. Do good to those who hate you. Speak well of those who curse you. -Luke 6:27-28
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11.22.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
What we are is God's gift to us.  What we become is our gift to God.  -Eleanor Powell
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
I have faith that God is living out a divine plan through me. Have faith in God. - Mark 11:22
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy.
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
Always trust in God. He has a plan for you.
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
It's the best feeling in the world watching things finally fall into place.:
A laugh can be a very powerful thing. Sometimes in life, it’s the only weapon we've got. –Roger (Who Framed Roger Rabbit):
Can't afford Microsoft Word? Get "open office", it's the same thing except it's free and has more features
No matter what your beliefs, if someone wishes you a Merry Christmas the polite thing to do is say "thank you"
Guys: if you want to know how a girl really feels, check out her Tumblr/Pinterest account. It will give you a really good idea
You should forget about all the reasons why it wont work and believe the one reason why it will.
Can't afford Microsoft Word? Get "open office", it's the same thing except it's free and has more features:
Replace "youtube" with "youtubeskip" in the URL and you won't see ads
If your car is about to get towed, get in it. Tow trucks are forced to stop to avoid kidnapping charges
Don't know whether to write "affect" or "effect"? Use "impact" instead.
If youre going to spend money, spend it on experiences rather than things.
If youre making cookies and dont have any eggs, half a banana is a good substitute!
Want the best studying music? Download the Sims City 3000 soundtrack.
If you want to quit smoking, go to a sauna for 3 days in a row and youll sweat out the nicotine which will make it easier to quit.
Have trouble falling asleep? Have a glass of raw lemon juice or a spoon of honey before bed. This will improve your sleeping!
Eating an orange before working out will keep you hydrated and keep your muscles from getting sore.
Dont ask someone if theyre telling the truth. A liar will just keeping lying and an honest person will be offended.
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
God has a blessing with your name on it.
You were born to win, although to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, &amp; expect to win.
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
Pray more, worry less.
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
I've always dreamed that my life could be like a fairy tale, a perfect fantasy. –Cinderella (Cinderella 3):
Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
Don't follow your dreams - chase them.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
Never make excuses. Always wake up with a smile knowing that today you are going to have fun accomplishing what others are too afraid to do.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
My idea of heaven is a great big baked potato &amp; someone to share it with. -Oprah:
A friend is someone who can see the truth and pain in you even when you are fooling everyone else.
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
The next time you think you're perfect, try walking on water.
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
Don't compare your life to others, you have no idea what their journey is all about.
If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
Over-prepare, then go with the flow.
However good or bad a situation is, it will change.
The best is yet to come.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive.
Every night, someone thinks about you before they go to sleep.
Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world. - Elie Wiesel 
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
Who knows the right thing to say when I'm feeling so blue? –Piglet:
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
Never be afraid to try, remember...Amateurs built the ark Professionals built the Titanic.
The longer the explanation, the bigger the lie.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends.
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Take risks: If you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will gain wisdom.
u wrote me a note and it said "n ss!w !" ...it didnt make sense till i turned it upside down
Never give up on anybody, miracles happen everyday.
Never deprive someone of hope, it might be all they have.
A wise person knows that there is something to be learned from everyone.
Never underestimate the power of a kind word or deed.
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith
It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want. - Richard D. Rosen
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
You can't base your life on other people's expectations. -Stevie Wonder
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
Consider it pure joy, whenever u face trials of many kinds, because u know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance. -Jame 1:2
"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain." - Bob Marley:
:) 
There's NO such thing as "Busy" 
Do not educate.... 
This candle regenerates itself 
:) 
Unique card idea 
Something to remember 
Love your enemies. Do good to those who hate you. Speak well of those who curse you. -Luke 6:27-28:
Clever but cruel prank 
How to turn negative thinking positive 
How to perceive yourself differently 
Think about it  
Damn.. 
How to put a positive spin on negative talk 
Love your enemies. Do good to those who hate you. Speak well of those who curse you. -Luke 6:27-28
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11.22.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
What we are is God's gift to us.  What we become is our gift to God.  -Eleanor Powell
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
I have faith that God is living out a divine plan through me. Have faith in God. - Mark 11:22
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
"If I read a book that cost me $20 and I get one good idea, I've gotten one of the greatest bargains of all time." - Tom Peters:
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.:
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy.
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
Always trust in God. He has a plan for you.
So appreciate everything you have 
A true friend sees the first tear... catches the second... and stops the third
Just because it's not what you were expecting, doesn't mean it's not everything you've been waiting for
Everyone hears what you say. Friends listen to what you say. Best friends listen to what you don't say.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
In the eyes of a child, you will see the world as it should be.
Until you spread your wings, you'll have no idea how far you can fly.
Don't ask God to make your life easier, ask him to make you a stronger person.
Our fate lives within us. You only have to be brave enough to see it. –Merida (Brave):
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world. - Elie Wiesel 
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
Just cause you think you're always right, doesn't mean that you don't have to apologize when you do something wrong.
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
Treat people like mirrors &amp; watch how you reflect in their eyes. -Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
You deserve to be happy, not in the arms of someone who keeps you waiting but of someone who wants you now, love you forever &amp; never leaves.
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.:
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
Consider it pure joy, whenever u face trials of many kinds, because u know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance. -Jame 1:2
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
With God all things are possible. -Matthew 19:26
We plan the way we want to live, but only God makes us able to live it. It Pays to Take Life Seriously -Proverbs 16:9
Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection and the life; he who believes in Me will live even if he dies" -John 11:25
You'll never find the RIGHT person if you never let go of the WRONG one.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau
Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who are patient, and the best things come to those who don't give up.
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire.
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Let your past make you BETTER not BITTER.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Today is another chance to get it right.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Hope anchors the soul.
The trouble with real life is that there is no danger music.
The trouble with real life is that there is no danger music.:
Everybody wants happiness, nobody wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
He's the kind of guy who makes you love your name just because he says it.
Anyone can make you smile or cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile when you already have tears in your eyes.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
The beauty of photographs are that they never change, even if the people in them do.
Faith is believing in something when common sense tells you not to.
The truth is hard to swallow when you're choking on your pride.
Just the thought of being with you tomorrow, is enough to get me through today.
People ask me why it's so hard to trust people,and i ask them why is it so hard to keep a promise.
Some people can't believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.
I can only show you the door. You're the one who has to walk through it.
A friend is someone who understand your past, believes in your future, and accepts you today just the way you are.
Turn your face to the sun, and the shadows fall behind you.
If daily you feel a sense of gratitude for the blessings of this life it will be a cushion &amp; buffer when challenges arise. -Rose W-T
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Trust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
• BE STRONG — when you are weak.
• BE BRAVE — when you are scared.
• BE HUMBLE — when you are victorious.
Every good thing that has happened in your life happened because something changed.
Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world. - Elie Wiesel 
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
PAIN is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
Laughter &amp; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &amp; Love as much as you breathe!
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Every day can be an adventure if you use your imagination. –Peter Pan (Disney Dreams):
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
Treat people like mirrors &amp; watch how you reflect in their eyes. -Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
You deserve to be happy, not in the arms of someone who keeps you waiting but of someone who wants you now, love you forever &amp; never leaves.
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people. -Audrey Hepburn
Just cause you think you're always right, doesn't mean that you don't have to apologize when you do something wrong.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Why is it every time I talk to you the words don't come easily, but when you walk away I know exactly what to say?
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the dragon.
Only in the darkness , you are able to see the stars.
Many people have ideas on how others should change, few people have ideas on how they should change.
Pretending to be someone your not is a waste of the person you are.
I can conquer the world with one hand, as long as you're holding the other.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
It's the way you make me laugh when i don't even wanna smile.
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.:
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire.
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Let your past make you BETTER not BITTER.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Today is another chance to get it right.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Hope anchors the soul.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
A lie has speed, but truth has endurance.
Don't think less of yourself, think of yourself less.
Don't lose hope, love. Once you've lost that, you've lost everything. –Mrs.Potts (Belle's Magical World):
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
Winners don't wait for chances, they take them.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say "watch me"
Pain is only temporary but victory is forever.
If you think only sunshine brings you happiness, then you haven't danced in the rain.
I can only show you the door. You're the one who has to walk through it.
A friend is someone who understand your past, believes in your future, and accepts you today just the way you are.
Turn your face to the sun, and the shadows fall behind you.
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
If daily you feel a sense of gratitude for the blessings of this life it will be a cushion &amp; buffer when challenges arise. -Rose W-T
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Trust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
• BE STRONG — when you are weak.
• BE BRAVE — when you are scared.
• BE HUMBLE — when you are victorious.
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde:
Every good thing that has happened in your life happened because something changed.
Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world. - Elie Wiesel 
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
Every story has an end, but in life every ending is just a new beginning.
When a defining moment comes along, you can do one of two things. Define the moment, or let the moment define you.
Sometimes the person you fall for isn't ready to catch you.
Lying doesn't make the truth go away, it just postpones it.
It takes a strong person to say sorry, and an ever stronger person to forgive.
Sometimes you have to stop dwelling on what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back. It simply means you are two steps ahead.
If you have made mistakes, even serious ones, there is always another chance for you.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
Moving on is simple, it's what we leave behind that's hard.
PAIN is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
Laughter &amp; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &amp; Love as much as you breathe!
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
It's better to be slapped by the truth than kissed with a lie.
Making mistakes is something everyone does. Learning from them is not.
Sometimes all you need is a little peace and quiet. –Kanga:
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Anyone can. That doesn't mean that anyone should. –Remy (Ratatouille):
Stop being so stupid.. it's my turn.
When someone is telling you that you can't do something, don't quit, just smile and say "I'll show you"
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
Friend: One who knows all about you and loves you just the same.
Good Friend will call your parents by their first names. Best Friend will call your parents 'Mom' and 'Dad'.
Silence can be the loudest cry.
Speak your mind, even if your voice shakes.
Never trust someone who lies to you. Never lie to someone who trusts you.
I don't regret the things i've done, but those i did not do.
Don't ever hide your feelings. Because someone's willing to hear them.
Don't ever give up something that feels right because it probably is.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.:
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. -John Burroughs
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality
The less you know, the more you believe. -Bono
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find and lucky to have.
I don't have to attend every argument I'm invited to.
Dear Past, Thanks for all the lessons. Dear Future, I'm ready.
The choices we make, and the chances we take, determine our destiny.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Be strong now because things will get better. It might be stormy now but it cant rain forever.
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
As a dog goes back to its vomit, so a fool repeats his stupidity. -Proverbs 26:11
LISTEN and SILENT are spelled with the same letters.:
LISTEN and SILENT are spelled with the same letters.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Who cannot understand your silence, cannot understand your words.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
A guy once gave a girl 12 roses. 11 were real and one was fake, and said that when the last rose dies I will stop loving you.
Don't regret the past, just learn from it.
No one can ruin your day without your permission.
Others can stop you temporarily, but only you can do it permanently.
Life is a journey, not a destination. Enjoy the trip.
The best way to escape your problem is to solve it.
I've learned that ultimately 'takers' lose and 'givers' win.
Yesterday was the deadline for all complaints.
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
Stars can't shine without darkness.
So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &amp; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
Never idealize others.They will never live up to your expectations.
I don't forgive people cause i'm weak, i forgive them cause i'm strong enough to understand people make mistakes.
Faith is believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.:
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -Golda Meir
We humans keep brainstorming options &amp; plans, but God's purpose prevails. -Proverbs 19:21
Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world. - Elie Wiesel 
Being defeated is often a temporary condition; giving up is what makes it permanent.
The best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time.
In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.
Do everything in love.
The biggest risk you will ever take is not taking one at all.
Standing for what you believe in, regardless of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance,...means courage.
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
Good instincts tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out. - Michael Burke
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
You become like the 5 people you spend most of your time with. #choosewisely
You were born to make an impact.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to jump.
Love without limits.
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find and lucky to have.:
A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find and lucky to have.
I don't have to attend every argument I'm invited to.
Dear Past, Thanks for all the lessons. Dear Future, I'm ready.
The choices we make, and the chances we take, determine our destiny.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Be strong now because things will get better. It might be stormy now but it cant rain forever.
The trouble with life is there's no background music.
You and your opponent want the same thing. The only thing that matters is who works the hardest for it.
Sometimes all you need in the end is someone who will hold you and say everything is alright.
It is not the position you stand, but the direction in which you look.
If you smile while no one is around you really mean it.
if you're not willing to take a risk then you dont want it bad enough.
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
It's just I'm not sure I fit in here. There's no one I can really talk to. –Belle (Beauty and the Beast):
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
As a dog goes back to its vomit, so a fool repeats his stupidity. -Proverbs 26:11
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
Stars can't shine without darkness.
So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &amp; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
When you choose to love as -The Creator- loves, it sets you free.
Ignore negative people. Avoid negative energy. Be your own motivation.:
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &amp; actions
Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
Mistakes are proof that you're trying.
Never idealize others.They will never live up to your expectations.
I don't forgive people cause i'm weak, i forgive them cause i'm strong enough to understand people make mistakes.
Faith is believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Nobody can take away your pain, so don't let anyone take away your happiness.
It is impossible to please everyone always.
Behind every untrusting woman is a man who taught her to be that way.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on
Just because I'm not begging for you doesn't mean I don't want you just as bad.
I know Karate, Kung Fu, and 47 other dangerous words.
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are, it is our choices.
Never idealize others.They will never live up to your expectations.:
Being defeated is often a temporary condition; giving up is what makes it permanent.
The best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time.
In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.
Do everything in love.
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
I love it. I could kiss you! I could, I mean I’d like to. May I? We me. I mean, may we? –Kristoff (Frozen):
The biggest risk you will ever take is not taking one at all.
Standing for what you believe in, regardless of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance,...means courage.
Why me ?? Cause u saw me when i was invisible.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy ice cream. And that's kind of the same thing.
Sometimes its easier to say you don't care than to explain all the reasons why you do.
Don't judge people by their covers, most of their books are still being written.
When you get caught looking at him, remember he was looking back.
Live, Love, Learn, Leave a legacy.
Smile; it's a curve that makes things straight.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
Good instincts tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out. - Michael Burke
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
You become like the 5 people you spend most of your time with. #choosewisely
You were born to make an impact.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to jump.
Love without limits.
You never lose by loving. You only lose by holding back.
Positivity is its own reward. Stay focused on happiness. Never give up on your dreams.:
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
No matter how badly someone treats you, never drop down to their level. Remain calm, stay strong, and walk away.
Telling stories and laughing with friends: precious moments you'll never forget. –Brother Bear:
Success is not permanent &amp; failure is not fatal. -Mike Ditka
Some people don't like telling the truth, others don't like hearing it.:
Some people don't like telling the truth, others don't like hearing it.
It's so hard to be angry at someone who makes you laugh.
I don't have an attitude, I have a personality you can't handle.
Dear life, when I said "Can my day get any worse" it was a rhetorical question not a challenge!
If you should die before me... can you ask to bring a friend?
You don't have to see something to know that it's really there. You just believe it.
My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Pretty much all the truth telling comes from children .
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
When life puts you in tough situations, don't say "Why me" say "Try me"
Those who will listen to nothing will fall for anything.
Behind every successful man is a surprised woman.
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.:
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &amp; actions
Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
Mistakes are proof that you're trying.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
I am a patient listener, but opinionated to the point of stubbornness when my mind is made up. –Walt Disney:
Be the kind of woman that, when your feet hit the floor every morning, the devil says, "Oh, crap. She's up."
The only people who can truly know your story are the ones who helped you write it.
People don't change, they just become who they are really meant to be.
Only those who risk going too far can know how far they can go.
Most people run because deep down, they want to be chased.
Make your smile change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
There's going to be moments in life where you are going to want to turn back. That's when you have to go on.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything. They just make the best of everything.
When you are up in life, your friends get to know who you are. But when you are down in life, you get to know who your friends are.
You are weak when you lie because you aren't strong enough to face the truth.
Sometimes the best revenge is to Smile, move on, and do nothing.
Follow your hopes and not your fears.:
Follow your hopes and not your fears.
God didn't bring you this far to leave you.
Finally, all of you, live in harmony with one another; be sympathetic, love as brothers, be compassionate and humble. -1Peter 3:8
One small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
What we are is God's gift to us.  What we become is our gift to God.  -Eleanor Powell
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
If the whole world was blind, how many people would you impress?
I have the best taste in clothes. I'm just too poor to prove it.
I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
Pain is real. But so is hope.
I have the best taste in clothes. I'm just too poor to prove it.:
What makes you different makes you beautiful.
Just because you don't see the tears doesn't mean they aren't there.
Dear Music, thank you for being there when no one else was.
One of the best ways to measure people is to watch the way they behave when something free is offered.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes it's the quiet voice at the end of the day that says: "I'll try again tomorrow."
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Truth does not need excuses, it simply is.
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
You don't make the same mistake twice, because the second time you make it, its not a mistake, its a choice.
Be yourself, there are enough others.
It takes strength to fit in and it takes courage to stand out.
Don’t look backwards for very long. Keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things. –Walt Disney:
Success is not permanent &amp; failure is not fatal. -Mike Ditka
The moment you're ready to quit is usually the moment right before the miracle happens.
"So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself." -Matthew 6:34
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
What lies behind us &amp; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Life is about breaking our personal limits and outgrowing ourselves to live our best lives.
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
As we grow older we don't lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.:
As we grow older we don't lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.
I miss you while I sleep, but then, I find you in my dreams.
Dear sleep, I'm sorry we broke up this morning. I want you back.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
If he is the first person you look for when you walk into a room, he is more than just a friend!!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting.
Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
An ugly personality can easily destroy a pretty face.
Doubt your doubts before you doubt your faith -Uchtdorf
We talked about old times and it made me smile... because you didn't forget.
Is it possible that all the mistakes you've made have been forgotten by everyone except yourself ??
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
Live more, complain less.
More smiles, less stress.
Less hate, more blessed.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Count your blessings.
I BELIEVE IN BEING STRONG WHEN EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG. - Audrey Hepburn
God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.
Once in a while you’ll meet someone who makes it so easy to be yourself that you’ll wonder why you ever pretended to be anything else.
Fear is what stops you... Courage is what keeps you going.
Not everything you want to say, needs to be said.
Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, but stays on purpose.
Trust takes years to build, yet can be shattered in seconds.
Dear cupid, WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT YOUR AIM.
Word of advice: Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
If you only ever give 90% in training then you will only ever give 90% when it matters.
Fear is what stops you... Courage is what keeps you going.:
I must be wishing on someone else's star because every time I wish for something, someone else gets it!
Someone doesn't have to be perfect to be exactly what you need.
I love you. It's that simple, and that complicated.
If you're willing to chase me, I promise I'll run slow.
If you cannot find the way, make one.
If people trust and love you, you will never walk alone.
Etc. is a sign to make others think you know more than you actually do.
I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
Pain is real. But so is hope.
Sometimes we expect more from others because we'd be willing to do that much for them.
When you say yes to others, make sure you are not saying no to yourself.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Don't look back - you're not going that way.
The best things happen unexpectedly.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.:
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
You are good enough.
Your past was never a mistake if you learned from it.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow. -Unknown
Truth is not diminished by the number of people who believe it.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Most times, the person who you find it hardest to love is the one that needs it the most.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.:
People who say they don't care, often care the most.
Why is it so easy to recognize the mistakes of others, but so difficult to see our own?
People may doubt what you say, but they will always believe what you do.
People change, things go wrong. But just remember, life goes on.
Move on, It is just a chapter in the past, but don't close the book, just turn the page.
Some words of advice to men: Treat women the same way you would want your daughter to be treated.
Your words mean nothing to me because your actions spoke the truth.
People too weak to follow their own dreams, will always find a way to discourage yours.
You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD
If you don’t like where you are, move on. You are not a tree. - Unknown
I need to learn how to be content with simply not knowing, and be at peace with the notion that everything does not need an explanation.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
"The burden is equal to the horse’s strength.” - The Talmud:
We are all lying in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Love fearlessly.
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals. -Lou Holtz
You'll never leave where you are until you decide where you'd rather be.
Smile, things are going to work out. You may not see it now, but you’re being directed to a much greater happiness.
Teenagers are the most misunderstood people on the planet. They're treated like children, and expected to act like adults.:
Teenagers are the most misunderstood people on the planet. They're treated like children, and expected to act like adults.
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been raised in the arms of a queen.
If you want something you've never had, then you have to do something you've never done.
My best friends are like a fairytale. They've been there since once upon a time &amp;amp; will be there until forever after.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
Remember the past, but don't live in it.
Can you hear those footsteps behind you? That's not me running after you. That's karma catching up to you.
The computer may have beaten me at chess, but I beat it at kickboxing.
Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
From good things, I learn to be a thankful person. From bad things, I learn to be a strong person.
You ARE who you ARE when no one is looking.
Crave positive situations. Self-pity is a waste of emotion. Self-pity is a waste of emotion.:
My father said, "Differences can make you stronger." –Mulan (Mulan II):
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -Anonymous
I love people who make me smile.
Love the unloved.
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
"We've all got issues in life.  You make the most of what you can do. " - Jason Smyth:
First rule of a real world: not everyone around you is your friend.
Pay close attention to the quiet ones, because there the ones, when everyone else is gone, that pay attention to you.
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.
First rule of a real world: not everyone around you is your friend.:
Somewhere, someone is looking for someone exactly like you.
I fell in love with you because of a million tiny things you never knew you were doing.
Some people dream of success, others stay awake to achieve it.
I can't blame you for being who you are, I can only blame myself for thinking you were different.
Give it your best shot, make sure there are no room for regrets.
Change always comes bearing gifts.
Just living is not enough, one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Life is simple, it's just not easy.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Good for the body is the work of the body, and good for the soul is the work of the soul,and good for either is the work of the other.
The more you praise &amp; celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -Oprah:
You never really know until you think, think, think. –Pooh:
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.:
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Love is vulnerable.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
You can't fall if you don't climb, but there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
Visit...thegospeldaily.com and sign-up for our daily emails. Come on all your friends are doing it. Why aren't you? 
Sometimes you find yourself in the middle of nowhere, and sometimes in the middle of nowhere, you find yourself.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
Laziness will cause you pain.:
Laziness will cause you pain.
I would not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum.
A day is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
People cannot go wrong, if you don't let them. They cannot go right, unless you let them.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
After all is said and done, a lot more will have been said than done.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words.
To sensible men, every day is a day of reckoning.
Face what you think you believe and you will be surprised.
There's a right way and a wrong way to do everything and the wrong way is to keep trying to make everybody else do it the right way.
The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be. -Oprah:
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us.
If you can't do great big things, do great little things.
Everyone needs someone to make them feel like tomorrow is more than just another day.
But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you. -Psalm 56:3
Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
For everything you have lost, you have gained something else.
Dare to be imperfect and one day there will tug at your sleeve a soulmate.:
Dare to be imperfect and one day there will tug at your sleeve a soulmate.
One should always play fair when one has the winning cards.
Do not fall before you are pushed.
If you hate your lot but wouldn't trade it, it's not your lot you hate.
The reputation of a thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour.
Getting money is like digging with a needle, spending it is like water soaking into sand.
When you invite trouble, it's usually quick to accept.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Every ten years a man should give himself a good kick in the pants.
The biggest problem in the world could have been solved when it was small.
Don't look for your dreams to come true, look to become true to your dreams.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &amp; actions:
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &amp; actions
Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
Life is like photography - develop from the negatives.
Live in the moment. Forget the past and don't concern yourself with the future.
Cinco de Mayo - 2015 - How are you celebrating? 
If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long. - Hayley Williams
A Mother's LOVE is WHOLE, no matter how many times DIVIDED...
That's what friends are for. They help you to be more of who you are. –Christopher Robin:
The winds of grace are always blowing, but you have to raise the sail.:
The winds of grace are always blowing, but you have to raise the sail.
Never believe in mirrors or newspapers.
Never confuse thoughtlessness with malice.
Yet some things you miss and some things you lose by keeping your arm outstretched.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water.
Fear less, hope more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things are yours.
When a blind man carries a lame man both go forward.
While seeking revenge, dig two graves, one for yourself.
To do nothing is sometimes a good remedy.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Lend, by your imperfections, self-esteem to others, and you will be invited everywhere.
Don't get your knickers in a knot. Nothing is solved and it just makes you walk funny.
Being loved by all is little funUnless you're also loved by one.
Be still like a mountain and flow like a great river.
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory and in creative action that man finds his supreme jo… 
Do you know how much you mean to me? Should've told you 'cause it's true. –Toy Story:
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.:
Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
We can complain because roses have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
I need to learn how to be content with simply not knowing, and be at peace with the notion that everything does not need an explanation.
If you eat what you've always eaten, you'll weigh what you've always weighed!
The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
You can't truthfully explain your smallest action without fully revealing your character.:
You can't truthfully explain your smallest action without fully revealing your character.
It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
There is often less danger in the things we fear than in the things we desire.
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you.
Wish for nothing so much that you forget to make it come true.
Be nice to those you meet on the way up. They're the same folks you'll meet on the way down.
Everyone should learn to do one thing supremely well because he likes it, and one thing supremely well because he detests it.
Sometimes the only way you can take a really good look at yourself is through somebody else's eyes.
Sometimes the best way to hold onto something is to let it go.
The future lies before you, like paths of pure white snow. Be careful how you tread it, for every step will show.
An apology is a good way to have the last word.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
What would I give to live where you are? What would I pay to stay here beside you? –Ariel (The Little Mermaid):
It is better to build bridges than walls. -African Proverb:
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.:
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
God is the ONLY one that can change someone. Leave it in his hands.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
You know all those things you've always wanted to do? You should go do them.
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
What worries you masters you.
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, announces she never did care for pie. - Tenneva Jordan
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.:
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
Just because you're miserable doesn't mean you can't enjoy your life.
Being in a good frame of mind helps keep one in the picture of health.
To everyone is given the key to heaven, the same key opens the gates of hell.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude.
If we shall take the good we find, asking no questions, we shall have heaping measures.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
No life is so hard that you can't make it easier by the way you take it.
Where the loser saw barriers, the winner saw hurdles.
If you can wear the hard times of your life as furrows on your brow, you can wear the good times as a twinkle in your eye.
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.#MayThe… 
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
If you have the will to win, you have achieved half your success; if you don't, you have achieved half your failure.
Be the light in the dark, be the calm in the storm and be at peace while at war.
If you call a thing bad you do little, if you call a thing good you do much.
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.
Physical strength is measured by what we can carry, spiritual by what we can bear.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
Positive anything is better than negative thinking.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
A girl sees what she likes. A boy likes what he sees. –Owl (Book of Pooh):
Heaven is under our feet, as well as over our heads.
The sun won't shine until you put the umbrella away.
The man who has no inner life is a slave to his surroundings.
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations.
If you eat what you've always eaten, you'll weigh what you've always weighed!
The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
Well behaved women seldom make history.
Surround yourself with those who see greatness in you, even when you don't see it in yourself.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
I am a Christian. That does not mean I am perfect. Just forgiven.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself. -Matthew 6:34
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
Don’t waste time on shitty people.
Never allow your loyalty to become slavery. You only live once.
People will give up on you. Don't give up on you.
You deserve to be with someone who looks at you every single day like they've won the lottery and have the whole world in front of them.
Isn't it scary knowing that any time could be the last time you talk to someone? Keep that in mind.
Not everyone or everything deserves your energy.
I hope you find a chill person that you can chill with for the rest of your life.
Stop talking about what you’re going to do, just do it and let your actions speak for you.
Don’t make excuses. Take action.
I don't hold grudges, you just become irrelevant.
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal." - Henry Ford
"He was a bold man that first eat an oyster." - Jonathan Swift
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, announces she never did care for pie. - Tenneva Jordan
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process. -Oprah:
Without Dreams
We reach nothing.
Without Love
We feel nothing.
Without God
We are nothing.
We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life..
Put your future in good hands - your own.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Let love win.
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.
Thankfulness is the beginning of happiness.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
If you have the will to win, you have achieved half your success; if you don't, you have achieved half your failure.
Be the light in the dark, be the calm in the storm and be at peace while at war.
If you call a thing bad you do little, if you call a thing good you do much.
Reach for the stars, even if you have to stand on a cactus.
Physical strength is measured by what we can carry, spiritual by what we can bear.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
Positive anything is better than negative thinking.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.
Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
Heaven is under our feet, as well as over our heads.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.:
The sun won't shine until you put the umbrella away.
The man who has no inner life is a slave to his surroundings.
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
Well behaved women seldom make history.
Surround yourself with those who see greatness in you, even when you don't see it in yourself.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
I am a Christian. That does not mean I am perfect. Just forgiven.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal." - Henry Ford:
Ariel: “You’ve gotta get away from here.” | Prince Eric: “No, I won’t leave you.” –The Little Mermaid:
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations.
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
Expect nothing. Live frugally on surprise.
Lots of people want to ride with u in the limo, but what u want is someone who will take the bus with u when the limo breaks down. -Oprah:
Those who wish to sing, always find a song.
Nothing is interesting if you're not interested.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak, sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable.
So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself. -Matthew 6:34
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, announces she never did care for pie. - Tenneva Jordan
Without Dreams
We reach nothing.
Without Love
We feel nothing.
Without God
We are nothing.
We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life..
Put your future in good hands - your own.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm.
Life is not about discovering our talents; it is about pushing our talents to the limit and discovering our genius.
Don't let anyone steal your dream. It's your dream, not theirs.
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do.
Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
To the question of your life, you are the only answer. To the problems of your life, you are the only solution.
When the world says, "Give up,"Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
What I'm looking for is a blessing that's not in disguise.
You just focused on the bad stuff when all you had to do was, let go of the past and keep moving forward. –Lewis (Meet the Robinsons):
Let love win.
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.:
Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.
Thankfulness is the beginning of happiness.
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Grace meets us where we are, but doesn't leave us where we are found.
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Love like there's no tomorrow, and if tomorrow comes, love again.
Impossible is not a fact, it's an opinion.
Love him who least deserves it.
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Live your life and forget your age.
By leaving behind ur old self &amp; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective
There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.:
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, define yourself.
Learn to be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
No man can climb out beyond the limitations of his own character.
There is just one life for each of us, our own.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be, because sooner or later, if you are posing, you will forget the pose.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
If you are ashamed to stand by your colors, you had better seek another flag.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Count your blessings, not your problems.
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives.
Learn to give without any reason.
I don't think you could ever forget someone that once was the reason you smiled.
We only see two things in people; what we want to see, and what they want to show us.
For all the times you make a mistake and shut a door, another one opens...you're just to busy looking at the closed door to notice.
If at first you don't succeed, then sky diving ain't for you.
Laughter is a smile with the volume turned up.
Crying is how your body speaks when your mouth can't explain the pain you feel.
If someone does not smile at you, be generous and offer your own smile. Nobody needs more a smile than the one that cannot smile to others.
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
If you have the ignorance to overlook me, you don't have the mental capacity to understand me.
Can you do me a favor ?? Don't forget me.
You know, sometimes people play hard-to-get because they need to know the other person's feelings are real.
People aren't afraid of saying "i love you." they're afraid of hearing the reponse.
Go hard or go home!
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
If you treat a man as he is, he will stay as he is. If you treat him as he ought to be, he will become the bigger and better man.
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Never be too busy to take time out of your day for those who matter most.
Age is no guarantee of maturity. -Lawana Blackwell
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
Peace on the outside comes from knowing God on the inside.
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. - Booker T. Washington
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Live your life and forget your age.
When one is pretending the entire body revolts.:
When one is pretending the entire body revolts.
We are betrayed by what is false within.
Men weary as much of not doing the things they want to do as of doing the things they do not want to do.
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
We all wear masks, and the time comes when we cannot remove them without removing some of our own skin.
Be open and then the truth follows.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
One's real life is often the life that one does not lead.
Why try to be someone you're not? Life is hard enough without adding impersonation to the skills required.
The man who says he is willing to meet you halfway is usually a poor judge of distance.
Serve the Lord with fear, &amp; rejoice with trembling. -Psalm 2:11:
By leaving behind ur old self &amp; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective
There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Count your blessings, not your problems.
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
God has a wonderful way of turning negatives into positives.
Learn to give without any reason.
It's frustrating when you know all the answers, but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.:
It's frustrating when you know all the answers, but nobody bothers to ask you the questions.
Nothing is as frustrating as arguing with someone who knows what he's talking about.
Shared joy is a double joy, shared sorrow is half a sorrow.
A friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself.
A man can stand a lot as long as he can stand himself.
To free us from the expectations of others, there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self respect.
Self respect leads to self discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.
Work for the Lord. The pay isn't much, but the retirement is out of this world.
No defeat is final until you stop trying.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is one's attitude about the problem.
God chooses what we go through. We choose how we go through it.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. -Oprah:
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield:
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Action expresses priorities.
You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they make the best of everything.
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
Don't hate what you don't understand.
For all of life's simple pleasures, I say, "Thank You, God!"
There is beauty in simplicity.
Bad things happen:
- Every day.
- To everyone.
The difference is in how people deal with it.
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.:
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.
Sometimes life gives you the test before you've had time to learn the lesson.
Don't be ashamed of your failure. Those who love you will understand. Those who insult you, you don't need them.
I don't need anyone in my life who doesn't want to be there.
I don't define my life by my past. I'm living today, and I determine my future.
Admit it. At some point in life, you've tried to see if you have super powers.
The sparkle in your eye put the stars to shame.
It is often the quiet ones who have the most to say.
If he takes time to argue back then he cares about you more than you know.
Stop worrying about what might hold you down, and pay attention to why you're standing up.
I want a guy to tell my Dad:"I want to marry your princess &amp; make her my Queen "
Go hard or go home!
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
What lies behind us &amp; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson:
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
If you treat a man as he is, he will stay as he is. If you treat him as he ought to be, he will become the bigger and better man.
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Never be too busy to take time out of your day for those who matter most.
Age is no guarantee of maturity. -Lawana Blackwell
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks
I don't think you could ever forget someone that once was the reason you smiled.
We only see two things in people; what we want to see, and what they want to show us.
For all the times you make a mistake and shut a door, another one opens...you're just to busy looking at the closed door to notice.
If at first you don't succeed, then sky diving ain't for you.
Laughter is a smile with the volume turned up.
Crying is how your body speaks when your mouth can't explain the pain you feel.
If someone does not smile at you, be generous and offer your own smile. Nobody needs more a smile than the one that cannot smile to others.
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
If you have the ignorance to overlook me, you don't have the mental capacity to understand me.
Can you do me a favor ?? Don't forget me.
You know, sometimes people play hard-to-get because they need to know the other person's feelings are real.
People aren't afraid of saying "i love you." they're afraid of hearing the reponse.
I don't think you could ever forget someone that once was the reason you smiled.:
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo:
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
Peace on the outside comes from knowing God on the inside.
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. - Booker T. Washington
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17
Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
The trouble with real life is that there is no background music.
My friends think im moving on, the truth is im not that strong and nobody knows it but me.
Pumbaa: “Anything we can do?” | Simba: “Not, unless you can change the past.” –The Lion King:
Instead of saying God, I have a big problem, say Problem I have a big God.
I don't want you waking up one morning thinking if you'd known everything you might have done something different.
Sometimes the best way to stay close to someone you love is by being just a friend.
When I fall asleep texting you, it doesn't mean I just got bored. it means I liked texting you so much that I didn't want to stop.
When you know why you like someone, it's a crush. When you have no reason or explanation, it's love.
Do you ever look back and think how could I love him, then remember, how could I not.
Best friends are there for you even if you refuse to talk to them. Because they know, deep down, the silence is killing you.
Dare to be Different.
When I said you couldn't get any dumber, it wasn't a challenge.
Every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.:
Every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
There are blessings every day. Find them. Create them. Treasure them.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. #gratitude
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
You deserve to be with someone who looks at you every single day like they've won the lottery and have the whole world in front of them.
You can try to change it, hide it, deny it, lie about it... but in the end the truth is still the truth.
I don't run away from you, I walk slowly, and it kills me because you don't care enough to stop me.
You don't have to learn how to control your thoughts; you just have to stop letting them control you.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time, sometimes you just have to dare to jump.
The worst feeling in the world is when you know you're losing someone and there's nothing that you can do to prevent being replaced.
You still make me smile. Even if you're the reason why I'm sad.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
The best relationships are the ones you didn't expect to be in; The ones you never saw coming.
I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
It's weird walking past those people that used to be your best friends. Feeling like you hardly even know them.
When you have to make ahard decision, flip a coin. Why? Because when that coin is in the air, you suddenly know what you're hoping for.
Let it go. Turn away and slam the door. I don't care what they're going to say. –Elsa (Frozen):
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks:
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks
Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin
Giving is a lifestyle.
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
You become what you believe.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi:
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Isn't it scary knowing that any time could be the last time you talk to someone? Keep that in mind.
Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad.:
Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad.
Life always offers you a second chance. It's called tomorrow.
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Lessons unlearned are included when history repeats itself.
The meaning of life is to give it a meaning.
A promise is a promise, at least that's what they say. Welcome to reality, they're broken everyday.
God will only give you as much as you can handle because he knows how strong you are even if you dont.
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
Enjoy every smile and every tear, because the most beautiful smile comes after the most painful tear.
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Mistakes are proof that you're trying.
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
A person who really wants something will find a way; a person who doesn't will find an excuse.
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
Faith does not mean trusting God to stop the storm, but trusting him to strengthen us as we walk through the storm.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
A person who chases two rabbits catches neither. #stayfocused
Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.
We all have setbacks in our yesterdays. But your past doesn't define your future. Today is a new day.
Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required. - Winston Churchill
Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid.
Tell someone they matter.
Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records. -Unknown
You deserve to be with someone who looks at you every single day like they've won the lottery and have the whole world in front of them.
Not everyone or everything deserves your energy.
I hope you find a chill person that you can chill with for the rest of your life.
My dream is to hear rocks on my window and see you standing there in the rain.
Don't laugh at peoples dreams, it might be all they have.
Dont lose hope. When the sun goes down, the stars come out.
Talking to yourself is not weird. Answering yourself is.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. #actionspeakslouder
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
Give more, expect less.
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Live a life you are proud of.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
Worrying will never change the outcome.
When the prince of my dreams comes to me, he’ll whisper I love you and steal a kiss or two. –Snow White:
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.
While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy.
When you catch a girl glancing at you, she wants you to look back and smile.
When a girl bumps into your arm while walking with you, she wants you to hold her hand.
When a girl is quiet, millions of things are running through her mind.
When a guy says, "I miss you,"he misses you more than you could have ever missed him or anything else.
Don't choose the one who is beautiful to the world. But rather, choose the one who makes your world beautiful.
No matter how fast you look away, there's always that moment of eye contact.
Being single doesn't mean you know nothing about love... Sometimes, its wiser to be alone than with the wrong person.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain.
The music is all around us, all you've got to do is listen.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Be a voice, not an echo.
I BELIEVE THAT HAPPY GIRLS ARE THE PRETTIEST GIRLS. -Audrey Hepburn
Stop talking about what you’re going to do, just do it and let your actions speak for you.
Don’t make excuses. Take action.
I hate those moments where I know something isn't right, but I don't know what went wrong.
If you focus too much on who you have lost. You'll push away everyone that's left.
In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.
Like the sunrise, some things just have to happen and all you can do is watch.
A fake smile may fool the crowd but it never eases the pain.
People complain about this generation, but they forget who raised us.
Distance doesn't ruin relationship. Doubts do.
Everyone needs someone to make them feel like tomorrow is more than just another day.
Happiness sneaks through a door you didn't know you left open.
Isn't it scary knowing that any time could be the last time you talk to someone? Keep that in mind.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Where God guides He provides.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid.
Tell someone they matter.
Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records. -Unknown
Not everyone or everything deserves your energy.
I hope you find a chill person that you can chill with for the rest of your life.
There are two great days in a persons life: the day we are born and the day we discover why.:
There are two great days in a persons life: the day we are born and the day we discover why.
Every morning you have two choices.. Continue your sleep with dreaming OR wake up and chase your dreams. Choice is yours!
It's nothing more than a smile but it gets me everytime.
If I fell asleep texting you it's because I didn't wanna say goodbye.
Sometimes, the smallest decision can make the greatest impact in your life.
I didnt type that message to exercise my fingers, i want a reply.
Sometimes someone has to walk out of your life, for someone better to walk in.
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.
Don't have to be perfect. It just has to be real.
Hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why the heck you havent made an album yet.
Math is the only place you can buy 60 watermelons and no one questions you.
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
Worrying will never change the outcome.:
Worrying will never change the outcome.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. #actionspeakslouder
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
Give more, expect less.
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Live a life you are proud of.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
Join us in praying for Baltimore tonight! Let us pray that the city and residence stay strong and continue forward. RETWEET = a PRAYER! AMEN
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
My dream is to hear rocks on my window and see you standing there in the rain.:
My dream is to hear rocks on my window and see you standing there in the rain.
Don't laugh at peoples dreams, it might be all they have.
Dont lose hope. When the sun goes down, the stars come out.
Talking to yourself is not weird. Answering yourself is.
I hate those moments where I know something isn't right, but I don't know what went wrong.
If you focus too much on who you have lost. You'll push away everyone that's left.
In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.
Like the sunrise, some things just have to happen and all you can do is watch.
A fake smile may fool the crowd but it never eases the pain.
People complain about this generation, but they forget who raised us.
Distance doesn't ruin relationship. Doubts do.
Everyone needs someone to make them feel like tomorrow is more than just another day.
Happiness sneaks through a door you didn't know you left open.
Isn't it scary knowing that any time could be the last time you talk to someone? Keep that in mind.
What lies behind us &amp; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson:
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Where God guides He provides.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
Life is like photography, we use the negatives to develop.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Grace meets us where we are, but doesn't leave us where we are found.
Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
"You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations." - Zig Ziglar
"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten." -Tony Robbins
"Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind" - William Shakespeare
"To find yourself, think for yourself." - Socrates
"It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare
Getting upset over stupid little things is just my way of showing youhow much I actually care.:
Getting upset over stupid little things is just my way of showing youhow much I actually care.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
You learn to trust by daring to try.
You may see me struggle, but you will never see me fall.
You don't have to hold onto the pain, to hold onto the memory.
Every relationship is messed up. What makes it perfect is if you still want to be there when things really suck.
Cherish the friend who tells you a harsh truth.. wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie.
Don't demand total honesty unless you are prepared not only to recieve it, but to also give it.
Sometimes you just gotta live with what you got, and forget about what you want.
I want a guy who comes into my life by accident and stays on purpose.
Not everyone or everything deserves your energy.
I hope you find a chill person that you can chill with for the rest of your life.
Stop talking about what you’re going to do, just do it and let your actions speak for you.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford:
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Live a life you are proud of.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
Join us in praying for Baltimore tonight! Let us pray that the city and residence stay strong and continue forward. RETWEET = a PRAYER! AMEN
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift, that’s why its called the present. –Pooh:
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like leaves, found everywhere.
Relationships are like sharing a book, it doesn't work if you're not on the same page.
I miss your smile, but I miss mine more.
Dear bed, I'm sorry I left you this morning..Take me back ??
Sometimes when my internet is down, I forget that the rest of my computer still works.
I refuse to ruin a perfectly good today by thinking about a bad yesterday.
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
"You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations." - Zig Ziglar:
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. - Unknown
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
Give up, give in, or give it all you got.
Forgive them even if they're not sorry.
Give thanks in all circumstances -(1Thes 5:16) Giving thanks is how we give back.:
Isn't it scary knowing that any time could be the last time you talk to someone? Keep that in mind.
I don't hold grudges, you just become irrelevant.
True friends do not value you for what you can do for them. They simply value you.
Sometimes the journey has to be travelled alone in order to appreciate the strengths that lie deep inside of us. -SA
Someday, I will be a beautiful butterfly, and then everything will be better. –Heimlich (A Bug’s Life):
Life is like photography, we use the negatives to develop.
We're confused not because we don't know what to do. It's because we don't know what we're looking for.
Worry doesn't empty tomorrow of it's sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
No farewell words were spoken, no time to say Good-bye, you were gone before we knew it, and only God knows why.
When you fall, I'll help you up... If I can't then I'll lie there with you.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Grace meets us where we are, but doesn't leave us where we are found.
Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
Believe in the positivity of your future. Aspire to create. Live healthy and think healthy.:
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you the best way they know how.:
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you the best way they know how.
If God knows we're meant to be together, He'll find a way to bring us closer.
One thing i realized in life: Never be dependent toanyone in this world... because even your ownshadow leaves you whenyour in darkness.
Your attitude is your outlook seen from the inside out.
With undeniable faith and hope... you can starve fear to death.
One smile can't change the world, but your smile changes mine.
Smiling doesn't necessarily mean you're happy. Sometimes it justmeans you're strong.
Never give up on the things that make you smile.:
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
Not everyone or everything deserves your energy.
I hope you find a chill person that you can chill with for the rest of your life.
Stop talking about what you’re going to do, just do it and let your actions speak for you.
Don’t make excuses. Take action.
One must learn to accept change in life ,but mainly in themselves for survival.:
One must learn to accept change in life ,but mainly in themselves for survival.
Fishing for answers is sometimes like asking a shallow mind to "go deep".
Choose wisely; being alone will never cause as much loneliness as being in the wrong relationship.
Be careful when getting on Facebook! Side effects may include; mood swings,constant crying,finding love,loss of friends, and too much drama.
Outgrowing people around you is okay.
Don't serve time, make time serve you.
Don't try to be the first. Try to be the best.
The secret to being loved is to be lovely. The secret to being lovely is to be unselfish.
I told him i'd wait forever for him.. but that was before i found somebody else who'd give me a ride home #lol
Sometimes the only way to fix the problem, is to just leave it alone.
There isn't any secrets to being in love,... just the evidence.
If egg is broken by outside force, life ends. If broken by inside force, life begins. Great things always begin from inside.
The hardest lesson in life is probably learning to let go of the things or people that you wanted the most because you can't have it.
There are really days when you don't have patience for anything or anyone and even the littlest things are enough to ruin your day.
Sometimes on the way to the dream you get lost and find a better one.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &amp; remind yourself that we are all loved &amp; connected.
You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
It is better to look ahead &amp; prepare than to look back &amp; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Alive
 Blessed
 Grateful
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &amp; go for it.
BrainyQuote iOS #App Tip: Swipe left when reading Today's Quote in your Notifications window to quickly Share or View! #Apple
I don't hold grudges, you just become irrelevant.
True friends do not value you for what you can do for them. They simply value you.
Sometimes the journey has to be travelled alone in order to appreciate the strengths that lie deep inside of us. -SA
You shouldn’t point out things about people’s appearances if they can’t fix it in ten seconds. #truth #brucejenner
If someone truly loves you, distance would never be a problem.
Never push a loyal person to the point where they no longer care.
Listen without defending; speak without offending.:
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
Well behaved women seldom make history.
Take out time for you. You help everyone else, but you forget to help yourself. You need you too! - Tony Gaskins
Dear sleep, I'm sorry we broke up this morning. I want you back.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
If he is the first person you look for when you walk into a room, he is more than just a friend!!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting.
Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious.
An ugly personality can easily destroy a pretty face.
Doubt your doubts before you doubt your faith -Uchtdorf
We talked about old times and it made me smile... because you didn't forget.
Is it possible that all the mistakes you've made have been forgotten by everyone except yourself ??
Today is the Tomorrow I was worried about Yesterday.
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be the best at it.
Fear is what stops you... Courage is what keeps you going.
Not everything you want to say, needs to be said.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't. -Jack Dempsey (boxer)
Surround yourself with those who see greatness in you, even when you don't see it in yourself.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
Satan seeks to defeat you by tempting you to trust your own wisdom. TRUST IN GOD.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
Today is another chance to get it right.
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
We know that [Jesus] really is the Savior of the world. -John 4:42
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.:
One of the best ways to measure people is to watch the way they behave when something free is offered.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes it's the quiet voice at the end of the day that says: "I'll try again tomorrow."
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Truth does not need excuses, it simply is.
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
You don't make the same mistake twice, because the second time you make it, its not a mistake, its a choice.
Be yourself, there are enough others.
It takes strength to fit in and it takes courage to stand out.
I wasn't staring at you. I was just thinking in your direction.
As we grow older we don't lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
You know all those things you've always wanted to do? You should go do them.
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
What worries you masters you.
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.
Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
Well behaved women seldom make history.
You’re so obsessed with finding someone to love you because you can’t love yourself.
It's up to you to find the beauty in the ugliest days.
Take out time for you. You help everyone else, but you forget to help yourself. You need you too! - Tony Gaskins
"Great works are performed, not by strength, but perseverance." - Samuel Johnson:
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Most times, the person who you find it hardest to love is the one that needs it the most.
People who say they don't care, often care the most.
Why is it so easy to recognize the mistakes of others, but so difficult to see our own?
People may doubt what you say, but they will always believe what you do.
People change, things go wrong. But just remember, life goes on.
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Count your blessings, not your problems.
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
Everyone deals with pain differently.
You don't have to prove yourself to anyone.
fuck waiting until you're 60, retired and fading physically. go enjoy life while you're still healthy, young and full of curiosity. -KF
Move on, It is just a chapter in the past, but don't close the book, just turn the page.
Some words of advice to men: Treat women the same way you would want your daughter to be treated.
Your words mean nothing to me because your actions spoke the truth.
People too weak to follow their own dreams, will always find a way to discourage yours.
Nothing travels faster than light, with the possible exception of bad news, which follows its own rules.
Move on, It is just a chapter in the past, but don't close the book, just turn the page.:
Teenagers are the most misunderstood people on the planet. They're treated like children, and expected to act like adults.
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been raised in the arms of a queen.
If you want something you've never had, then you have to do something you've never done.
My best friends are like a fairytale. They've been there since once upon a time &amp;amp; will be there until forever after.
Learn to give without any reason.
When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
Don't hate what you don't understand.
For all of life's simple pleasures, I say, "Thank You, God!"
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
There is beauty in simplicity.
If you can't control what you think, you will not be able to control what you do.
Bad things happen:
- Every day.
- To everyone.
The difference is in how people deal with it.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Frustration, complication, and misery are available in abundance, but so is God's grace.
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
If you treat a man as he is, he will stay as he is. If you treat him as he ought to be, he will become the bigger and better man.
How someone reacts to your sadness says a lot about how long they’re going to be in your life. - S.Z.
Don't be afraid of change. You may end up losing something good, but you'll probably end up gaining something so much better.
If you’re happy, if you’re feeling good, then nothing else matters. - Robin Wright
Nothing is more attractive than loyalty.
First rule of a real world: not everyone around you is your friend.
Pay close attention to the quiet ones, because there the ones, when everyone else is gone, that pay attention to you.
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.
Somewhere, someone is looking for someone exactly like you.
I fell in love with you because of a million tiny things you never knew you were doing.
Some people dream of success, others stay awake to achieve it.
I can't blame you for being who you are, I can only blame myself for thinking you were different.
Give it your best shot, make sure there are no room for regrets.
Change always comes bearing gifts.
Just living is not enough, one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
Be strong &amp; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
Every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
Think of all the possibilities. –Pooh:
There are blessings every day. Find them. Create them. Treasure them.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. #gratitude
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks
Prayer changes everything because it releases God's wisdom into your circumstances.
Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
You become what you believe.
fuck waiting until you're 60, retired and fading physically. go enjoy life while you're still healthy, young and full of curiosity. -KF
Everybody thinks their dog is the best dog in the world and everybody is right.
Be good to the people who are there for you, they deserve it.
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.:
Life is simple, it's just not easy.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Good for the body is the work of the body, and good for the soul is the work of the soul,and good for either is the work of the other.
Laziness will cause you pain.
I would not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum.
A day is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
People cannot go wrong, if you don't let them. They cannot go right, unless you let them.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
After all is said and done, a lot more will have been said than done.
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
A person who chases two rabbits catches neither. #stayfocused
Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.
Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required. - Winston Churchill
Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
God has a bright future in store for you!
 - Keep standing
 - Keep believing
 - Keep hoping
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Nothing is more attractive than loyalty.
You must accept the fact that others don’t see what you do. — Louise Bourgeois
The flower doesn't dream of the bee. It blossoms and the bee comes. - Mark Nepo
Stop beating yourself up. You are a work in progress - which means you get there a little at a time, not all at once.
Blaming others for your problems is like blaming donuts for being fat. It wasn't the donut, it was the choice. - Jeff Gitmor
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill:
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Every ten years a man should give himself a good kick in the pants.
The biggest problem in the world could have been solved when it was small.
Don't look for your dreams to come true, look to become true to your dreams.
The winds of grace are always blowing, but you have to raise the sail.
Never believe in mirrors or newspapers.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you handle it.
Give more, expect less.
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Why are you going to choose failure when success is an option? -Jillian Michaels
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
Want to find happiness in your life? Appreciate the small stuff. You are blessed more than you realize.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Where God guides He provides.
Never confuse thoughtlessness with malice.
Yet some things you miss and some things you lose by keeping your arm outstretched.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water.
Fear less, hope more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things are yours.
When a blind man carries a lame man both go forward.
While seeking revenge, dig two graves, one for yourself.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
If it doesn't challenge you.. it doesn't change you.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
PAIN is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
To do nothing is sometimes a good remedy.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Live a life you are proud of.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today. -Lou Holtz
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. 
- Judy Garland #QOTD 
The people who make you smile from just seeing them, those are my favorite people. - Koi Fresco
Everybody isn’t going to #love you. Most #people don’t even love themselves.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Lend, by your imperfections, self-esteem to others, and you will be invited everywhere.
Don't get your knickers in a knot. Nothing is solved and it just makes you walk funny.
Being loved by all is little funUnless you're also loved by one.
Be still like a mountain and flow like a great river.
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you don't like something change it, if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
Just because you're miserable doesn't mean you can't enjoy your life.
Being in a good frame of mind helps keep one in the picture of health.
To everyone is given the key to heaven, the same key opens the gates of hell.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Alive
 Blessed
 Grateful
Let us celebrate Palm Sunday! God Bless. 
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &amp; go for it.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything. -Vincent Van Gogh
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Beauty is about living your life &amp; being happy with yourself inside &amp; out &amp; not worrying about what people think of you.
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
Don't let people judge you. You are who you are, and if you work hard, you'll create an even better you.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. -Max De Pree
You are going to be so much more than “enough” for someone someday.
Someone who wants the best for you is what's best for you.
I'm not always perfect but I'm me.
In life, what you really want never comes easy.
Never confuse thoughtlessness with malice.
Yet some things you miss and some things you lose by keeping your arm outstretched.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water.
Fear less, hope more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things are yours.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.:
When a blind man carries a lame man both go forward.
While seeking revenge, dig two graves, one for yourself.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
If it doesn't challenge you.. it doesn't change you.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
PAIN is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Live a life you are proud of.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today. -Lou Holtz
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
The people who make you smile from just seeing them, those are my favorite people. - Koi Fresco
Everybody isn’t going to #love you. Most #people don’t even love themselves.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. 
- Judy Garland #QOTD 
To do nothing is sometimes a good remedy.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Lend, by your imperfections, self-esteem to others, and you will be invited everywhere.
Don't get your knickers in a knot. Nothing is solved and it just makes you walk funny.
Being loved by all is little funUnless you're also loved by one.
Be still like a mountain and flow like a great river.
Never saw off the branch you are on, unless you are being hanged from it.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
It is the false shame of fools to try to conceal wounds that have not healed.
You can't truthfully explain your smallest action without fully revealing your character.
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. - Unknown
Give God your problems and allow Him to give you solutions.
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come! -2 Cor 5:17
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Give up, give in, or give it all you got.
Forgive them even if they're not sorry.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
It costs $0.00 to be a decent person.
Be a lover, not a fighter. But always fight for what you love.
I am slowly learning that some people are not good for me, no matter how much I love them.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde:
Sometimes the best way to hold onto something is to let it go.
The future lies before you, like paths of pure white snow. Be careful how you tread it, for every step will show.
An apology is a good way to have the last word.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
It's so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &amp; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &amp; a future. -Jer 29:11
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &amp; remind yourself that we are all loved &amp; connected.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
For if you forgive others when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. -Matthew 6:14
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
It is better to look ahead &amp; prepare than to look back &amp; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Stressed? Let go &amp; let God.
Remind yourself that you are in control of your own feelings, your thoughts and your life
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. 
- Judy Garland #QOTD 
If you don't like something change it, if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
You know, if we didn't stick together, we would be very lost indeed. –Pooh:
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Defeat is not bitter unless you swallow it.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
Just because you're miserable doesn't mean you can't enjoy your life.
Being in a good frame of mind helps keep one in the picture of health.
To everyone is given the key to heaven, the same key opens the gates of hell.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Alive
 Blessed
 Grateful
Let us celebrate Palm Sunday! God Bless. 
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &amp; go for it.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything. -Vincent Van Gogh
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Beauty is about living your life &amp; being happy with yourself inside &amp; out &amp; not worrying about what people think of you.
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
Don't let people judge you. You are who you are, and if you work hard, you'll create an even better you.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. -Max De Pree
You are going to be so much more than “enough” for someone someday.
Someone who wants the best for you is what's best for you.
I'm not always perfect but I'm me.
In life, what you really want never comes easy.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, define yourself.
Learn to be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
No man can climb out beyond the limitations of his own character.
Dream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
When the world says, "Give up,"Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
What I'm looking for is a blessing that's not in disguise.
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. -John Wooden
Let your dreams stay big and your worries stay small.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7:
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
As long as you can laugh at yourself you will never cease to be amused.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them. -J. Petit Senn
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
Do more for the world than it does for you.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. 
- Judy Garland #QOTD 
Often people that criticize your life are usually the same people that don't know the price you paid to get where you are today.
Whatever is good for your soul... do more of that.
It is such a relief to accept everything in life as it is rather than comparing everything to how we think it “should” be!
Some people are going to love you no matter what you do. And some people will never love you no matter what you do.
The worst feeling in the world is when you know you're losing someone and there's nothing that you can do to prevent being replaced.
You still make me smile. Even if you're the reason why I'm sad.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
The best relationships are the ones you didn't expect to be in; The ones you never saw coming.
I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
It's weird walking past those people that used to be your best friends. Feeling like you hardly even know them.
When you have to make ahard decision, flip a coin. Why? Because when that coin is in the air, you suddenly know what you're hoping for.
Don't worry if you're single. God's looking at you right now, saying: "I'm saving this girl for someone special.."
Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad.
Life always offers you a second chance. It's called tomorrow.
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Lessons unlearned are included when history repeats itself.
The meaning of life is to give it a meaning.
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. #greatreminder
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It was there all the time. - Anna Freud
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
When you trust God to fulfill the promises He's given you, all the forces of darkness cannot stop God from bringing your dreams to pass.
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
The polar bear dive 
What will you do today that will make you proud in a year?
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
Never let your fear decide your future.
Successful people know the difference between patience &amp; procrastination.
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Sometimes God calms the storm, but sometimes God lets the storm rage and calms his child.
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.
As you change so does your definition of fun. You're not lame, you're growing up. - Trent Shelton
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, define yourself.
Learn to be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
No man can climb out beyond the limitations of his own character.
There is just one life for each of us, our own.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be, because sooner or later, if you are posing, you will forget the pose.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Dream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.:
If you are ashamed to stand by your colors, you had better seek another flag.
Dream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
An honest answer is like a kiss on the lips. -Proverbs 24:26
A life spent making mistakes is more honorable than a life spent doing nothing.
Don't count the days, make the days count. -Muhammad Ali
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise, do not believe it.
Expect the BEST. Prepare for the WORST. Forget what others THINK.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. 
- Judy Garland #QOTD 
Whatever is good for your soul... do more of that.
It is such a relief to accept everything in life as it is rather than comparing everything to how we think it “should” be!
Some people are going to love you no matter what you do. And some people will never love you no matter what you do.
What would you ask for, if you knew the answer was YES?
Everyone smiles in the same language.
Even the most beautiful mirror can be shattered by the smallest stone.
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped.
Sometimes life gives you the test before you've had time to learn the lesson.
Don't be ashamed of your failure. Those who love you will understand. Those who insult you, you don't need them.
I don't need anyone in my life who doesn't want to be there.
I don't define my life by my past. I'm living today, and I determine my future.
Admit it. At some point in life, you've tried to see if you have super powers.
The sparkle in your eye put the stars to shame.
It is often the quiet ones who have the most to say.
If he takes time to argue back then he cares about you more than you know.
Stop worrying about what might hold you down, and pay attention to why you're standing up.
Girls want a guy who say I love you every night and proves it every day.
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being. -John Wooden
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process.
Life is a journey to be experienced, not a problem to be solved. –Pooh:
Be the type of person you want to meet.
If you can't be thankful for what you have, be thankful for what you've escaped.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Young cub's mighty roar 
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs.
Lord, lead me so I can lead others.
As you change so does your definition of fun. You're not lame, you're growing up. - Trent Shelton
Stop planting flowers in peoples yards who aren’t going to water them.
When life becomes difficult, you must change yourself to become stronger.
To change your life, you have to change yourself. To change yourself, you have to change your mindset.
When people treat you like they don’t care, believe them.
Crying is how your body speaks when your mouth can't explain the pain you feel.
If someone does not smile at you, be generous and offer your own smile. Nobody needs more a smile than the one that cannot smile to others.
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
If you have the ignorance to overlook me, you don't have the mental capacity to understand me.
Can you do me a favor ?? Don't forget me.
You know, sometimes people play hard-to-get because they need to know the other person's feelings are real.
People aren't afraid of saying "i love you." they're afraid of hearing the reponse.
The trouble with real life is that there is no background music.
My friends think im moving on, the truth is im not that strong and nobody knows it but me.
I've always dreamed that my life could be like a fairy tale, a perfect fantasy. –Cinderella (Cinderella 3):
Instead of saying God, I have a big problem, say Problem I have a big God.
I don't want you waking up one morning thinking if you'd known everything you might have done something different.
Sometimes the best way to stay close to someone you love is by being just a friend.
When I fall asleep texting you, it doesn't mean I just got bored. it means I liked texting you so much that I didn't want to stop.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
It's not enough to be compassionate, you must act.
Family is everything.
Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
The meaning of life is to give life a meaning.
Once the game is over, the king &amp; the pawn go back in the same box. -Italian Proverb
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason.
Budweiser 
Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
God only gives three answers to prayer:
1. Yes!
2. Not yet.
3. I have something better in mind.
Love him who least deserves it.
The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
The more I think of it, the more I realize there are no answers. Life is to be lived. - Marilyn Monroe
Light is always more beautiful when it has to fight to be noticed, like sunlight fighting through the clouds after a rainstorm. - NM
It's amazing how a few minutes shared with the person you care about can instantly erase all the traces of a bad day.
If you don't ask because you might be refused, you've already refused yourself.
"I love you" takes 3 seconds to say, 3 hours to explain and a lifetime to prove.
I keep telling myself that I'm done, but myself doesn't believe me.
Finding old music you used to love is like getting back in touch with an old friend.
May my enemies live long life to see my success.
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.
While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy.
When you catch a girl glancing at you, she wants you to look back and smile.
When a girl bumps into your arm while walking with you, she wants you to hold her hand.
When a girl is quiet, millions of things are running through her mind.
When a guy says, "I miss you,"he misses you more than you could have ever missed him or anything else.
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Sometimes it takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence.
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -Author Unknown
For everything you have lost, you have gained something else.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
TODAY will never come again... Be a blessing. Be a friend. TAKE TIME TO CARE.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but of appreciating what we do have.
Don't ever let anyone steal your dreams.
Love takes action.
All dreams come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
It's better to be slapped by the truth than kissed with a lie.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it might!
This morning, let go of everything you didn’t do right, the negative things people have said, and focus on all you are becoming.
Everyone comes into our lives for a reason, some for good or bad, some may shape us, or break us, but in the end they make us who we are.
Everyone needs a family. No one should be alone. –Ariel (Little Mermaid Series):
"When you know better you do better." - Maya Angelou
"May you live every day of your life." - Jonathan Swift
"I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it." - Maya Angelou
"The less you want, the richer you are. The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you'll be." - Yanni
You can try to change it, hide it, deny it, lie about it... but in the end the truth is still the truth.:
You can try to change it, hide it, deny it, lie about it... but in the end the truth is still the truth.
I don't run away from you, I walk slowly, and it kills me because you don't care enough to stop me.
You don't have to learn how to control your thoughts; you just have to stop letting them control you.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time, sometimes you just have to dare to jump.
The worst feeling in the world is when you know you're losing someone and there's nothing that you can do to prevent being replaced.
You still make me smile. Even if you're the reason why I'm sad.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
The best relationships are the ones you didn't expect to be in; The ones you never saw coming.
I'm not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. #greatreminder
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It was there all the time. - Anna Freud
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
When you trust God to fulfill the promises He's given you, all the forces of darkness cannot stop God from bringing your dreams to pass.
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
The polar bear dive 
What will you do today that will make you proud in a year?
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
Never let your fear decide your future.
Successful people know the difference between patience &amp; procrastination.
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Sometimes God calms the storm, but sometimes God lets the storm rage and calms his child.
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can. - Frida Kahlo
Finding old music you used to love is like getting back in touch with an old friend.
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.:
A promise is a promise, at least that's what they say. Welcome to reality, they're broken everyday.
God will only give you as much as you can handle because he knows how strong you are even if you dont.
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
Enjoy every smile and every tear, because the most beautiful smile comes after the most painful tear.
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Mistakes are proof that you're trying.
It's amazing how a few minutes shared with the person you care about can instantly erase all the traces of a bad day.
If you don't ask because you might be refused, you've already refused yourself.
"I love you" takes 3 seconds to say, 3 hours to explain and a lifetime to prove.
I keep telling myself that I'm done, but myself doesn't believe me.
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Be positive, patient and persistent.
You are in charge of how you feel.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does. #walkthetalk
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
Everything God says is true &amp; it's a shield for all who come to him for safety. -Proverbs 30:5
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. -Abraham Maslow
“Good friends show their love in times of trouble, not just in times of happiness.” — Euripides
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it might!
This morning, let go of everything you didn’t do right, the negative things people have said, and focus on all you are becoming.
Refresh your mind, clear all your problems and just have fun today.
Don't change who you are for someone else, you deserve someone who appreciates you for you.
Sometimes, the best way to be happy is to learn to let go of things you tried hard to hold on to that are no longer good for you. - LLH
Sometimes someone has to walk out of your life, for someone better to walk in.
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.
Don't have to be perfect. It just has to be real.
Hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why the heck you havent made an album yet.
Math is the only place you can buy 60 watermelons and no one questions you.
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
Only a true friend sees invisible tears.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
Finish each day &amp; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.
