Last night as Betty got the bad news all I could think about was the Bye Bye Birdie subplot
Without a doubt the most fascinating character on arc on Mad Men belongs to Pete Campbell
Candlestick shredding was invented by Mormons
Tony Montana liked to go by Tony Idaho
@nadeane84 @OliviaEsterkamp @RealMEsterkamp *prepares
For my mom @nadeane84 as @OliviaEsterkamp perhaps to head to off to college &amp; @RealMEsterkamp cause it's a good song 
Abraham Lincoln was said to have chugged 5 pints of whiskeytale a day
Farmer FlippyJohn just realized he was outta seafood barrels
Captain Clacks hadn't forgotten to turn off his toaster oven
Three things I wrote yesterday which at the time I must have found hilarious because I was laughing as I wrote them
The Thin Blue Line is the greatest documentary ever made, hands down (Hoops Dreams comes in at a very, very close second)
@nadeane84 :)
Happy Mother's day to @nadeane84 an incredible lady who has given me so much love and support throughout the years. Love you!
@TIME THE NOTORIOUS RBG!!!!
@UnitedNerds you graduate? Where are you wanting to go?
@dailydot comes from other communities as well. Many which are advocators of progressive issues seem uncomfortable with this one. Very sad.
@jtkamp *empathic
I try to remember that to counter anger &amp; hate. Try to be emphatic instead of judging. Hate isn't useful. But it's hard not to feel angry.
People who start rumors, who can't understand the world isn't black &amp; white but shades of grey sadden me. Fractured, insecure &amp; broken ppl.
The lack of acceptance comes from women, many "feminists" who still expect men fit into rigid outdated expectations 
@livi_esterkamp @OliviaEsterkamp
about themselves. It's like how racists end up sleeping with a POC. The hate or fear someone has comes from a deep insecurity in themselves.
If someone reveals something about themselves and a person can't handle it, I believe it comes from things the person has not yet confronted
Miley is bi. It's okay, I totally called it a year ago. St Vincent isn't a lesbian, totally called that one too.
"(Truth) is a pursuit, it's a quest. You investigate, you look, you think, you study." 
Someone just handed me this <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>🏽 
@jtkamp and by self conscious I mean paranoid bc I'm more at risk
What if Colonel Sanders soaked himself in a vat of cooking oil and it secretly kept him alive &amp; he died cause he choked on a chickenbone?
@EricHolthaus @Slate but not a flood
@ohiou @OUPattonCollege beautiful....
@CoupIesGoaIs @PornEdits yeah, until her hand slips out and she falls
@HuffingtonPost is Wendy's a confused college sophomore?
@HuffingtonPost the shocker?
I've also got 3 family members with Type 2 diabetes (1 is a parent) so I guess I'm more self conscious about exercise &amp; healthy eating.
I'm a guy with a sweet tooth to rival most, yet after I eat something sugary I feel shitty &amp; depressed afterwards. I don't think it's guilt.
2) I thought the Gulf War was the Golf War and took place near the Gulf of Mexico. Basically a war were all the countries golfed eachother.
1) I used to think Night School was spelled Knight School &amp; was an ancient medieval order in a castle which gave classes to adults.
Two anecdotal tales of my flawed if charming childhood perceptions towards the world based on a semantical misunderstandings.
@SpotMyTots for real, like I have wayyy to many professional goals to even think of that. Plus at 23, I'm way too impatient for a kid.
I'm 23, which is the same age my dad was when I was born. That boggles my mind. Cause I ain't anywhere near ready to fux with that shit.
"Whoever saves the last slice, saves the pie entire" #SchindlersPizza
My life feels like a @Msldemarco song. Honestly though.....when you're 23 &amp; a little lost, isn't it supposed to feel that way?
The World Trade Center and Pentagon were inside jobs, Flight 93 was not.
@mashable what did you expect from Mr Toilet jokes himself? At least Jim Carrey was able to evolve past the slapstick
I wanted to write God a letter asking why so many horrible things happen, but when I typed "Dear God" it autocorrected to "Steve Jobs"
Had a dream I was a cop. No there's no great allegory here. There was a lot of camaraderie &amp; we ate every 10 mins.
Every kid who grew up in small town America &amp; wanted to escape can identify with Luke feeling trapped on Tatooine.
"Call me, beat me, if you wanna eat me it's ok" #QuotesFromOurChildhood @RealMEsterkamp @OliviaEsterkamp
"Olivia you were adopted" #QuotesFromOurChildhood @RealMEsterkamp @OliviaEsterkamp
@RealMEsterkamp the full version "Venus the penis, the big fat penis"
"Venus the penis" @RealMEsterkamp #QuotesFromOurChildhood
@RealMEsterkamp hahaha....rubberband guns
"Jesus is on my side!"

"Jesus is on no ones side."

@RealMEsterkamp #QuotesFromOurChildhood
@RealMEsterkamp I'm starting #quotesfromourchildhood "Tusken raider whohahah"
Days like today make me wonder what having a place in California on the beach is like. Don't worry ny, I'm cherishing you &amp; have no regrets.
Just walked by Jonah Hill and I think he said something about my coffee stained cat shirt hahaha
This is the ultimate summer jam .@TwinPeaksDudes rule!! 
Olive Garden: When you're here, you probably gave up on all your dreams a long time ago.
@mashable bummer....
Meesa hate everything about this #jarjarbinks 
Its good to be hopeful &amp; optimistic, as Andy Dufresne says "Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies."
Attention everyone: May The Fourth Be With You #StarWarsDay <SPARKLING HEART><PURPLE HEART><YELLOW HEART><GREEN HEART><BLUE HEART><MOVIE CAMERA>
This one's for Bushwick 
Graduated college a year ago....

I only have one goal; tell the stories which were meant to be told. The ones that move ppl &amp; change their perspective of the world.
Cynical man murders his best friend. His reasons may surprise you #clickbaitbooks
Reclusive factory owner reopens his doors for 5 lucky children. The results will change your life forever! #clickbaitbooks
Incredible! This young boy tricked a man into painting a fence, what happens next will AMAZE YOU #clickbaitbooks
12 Inspirational  pictures of animals in hurricanes who are definitely gone with the wind. #clickbaitbooks
6 Shocking reasons it was never quiet on the western front (number 3 will leave you mustard gas tears) #clickbaitbooks
In fact now that I think of it, I've seen Fleetwood Mac, St Vincent, Kendrick Lamar (twice), Empire of the Sun &amp; 21 pilots ALL FOR FREE <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
Didn't realize until I got free vip tickets for mon night's taping of @LateNightSeth that his band's drummer is Fred Arimsen. A must see.
And I can't believe it took me leaving Ohio for good to understand and appreciate everything about that album.
Seeing my little sister about to graduate high school &amp; start her time at OU has me playing The Suburbs non stop.
The King of Comedy might be the most underrated film ever made.
Case in point Iggy Azalea's net worth is twice that of Azealia Banks's. Now which one of these two makes the better music?
Cause whenever people call out the white female artists they say they're feminists and so they can't be wrong. Doesn't work that way
White musicians have ripped off black ones since before even jazz. Lame to think though it's happening in the exact same way as 20 years ago
Now it seems White female artists are the ones shamelessly ripping off. Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus, and Iggy Azalea &lt;---- Vanilla Ice
Remember in the 90's how white male hip hop artists were constantly ripping &amp; profiting  off black ones? Aka: Vanilla Ice
Cause when it comes to race, white people fee the compulsion to MAKE IT ABOUT THEM, men &amp; women.
Meanwhile everyone gets hard over sentimental crap like The Help.
It takes a lot for a movie to put me in tears, but the end of Do The Right Thing does. Why? Cause it speaks to something true &amp; real
It's like "hey we can't make a movie about race unless there's a feisty white girl who will save the day"
Isn't it great how films like Selma &amp; Do The Right Thing get snubbed while Blind Side and The Help get a big ole circle jerk
@SpotMyTots Cut him in the eyes!!
@SpotMyTots The moment I saw this I thought of sophomore year of college and now I feel really stoned for no reason #IfreakinhateTrudy.
To all the benevolent white people who have all the "answers" or judge the protesters: STFU MOTHERFUCKER THIS AINT THE BLIND SIDE!!!
This video clip puts into words my views on Baltimore and so many other things 
Dudes who shave the sides of their heads' but still try to have a manbun are ruining the manbun. Not a cool look, just bein a wannabe.
Every T I've ever met has always been very cross
bc of some bs she reads in Cosmo about how she doesn't fit this mold or something. And I'm like "what are you talking about?you're great"
It's makes me sad when I meet a girl who is sexy, mysterious, complex and just a fantastic person who thinks less of herself
But I read diets for women and it's like "you can only eat a carrot and a piece of chicken if you want to be in shape" which seems hard af
I feel bad for women when it comes to dieting and being in shape. For guys "dieting" is eating steak, eggs, pb &amp; getting 4,500 cals a day
In NYC women can be just as sexually aggressive as men. I ain't complainin though <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>.
Sept----&gt;April 
Every person has succumbed to the weakness of biting into a doggy treat to see if it tastes as good at it smells.
@guardian @GuardianWitness these nuns look like they're about to drop the hottest mixtape since 1311
This was once cutting edge 
If you're someone who jogs for 45 mins with the speed at 5.8 you're wasting your time. Sprints are a far superior workout + take less time.
"Hannah Montana is the Mississippi John Hurt"- random girl from last night

I remember in hs ppl shouting the n word in the halls. Lebanon is infested with fucking ugly disgusting white trash. 
Happiness is the worst life goal imaginable. Cause all that happens is the chasing of the dragon. Reubens are a much better goal.
I've seen the Cabinet of Dr Caligari 3 times and fell asleep each time. Guess I'll never become a mailman.
Earth day is a holiday based on discrimination. How come we don't have a Mars day or Saturn day
Yesterday I saw a recipe for bacon wrapped Oreos. It is a universal fact that all foods combined with Oreos are automatically perfect.
This was the song that got me thru my first winter in New York .@RatKing 
It's always funny in NYC when you run into the same person twice in one day. Especially when that person is Peter Dinklage.
Holy Shit I Just walked by Peter Dinkladge and his wife. Tyrion LANNISTER!!!
I'm not a person
Then I looked at this. It all makes sense now. Happy 420, g'night y'all 
When I was in junior high ppl used to always ask me for weed and call me a pothead, not a joke. I never understood why ppl thought this
@OliviaEsterkamp 
I once heard somebody compare online dating to the 9th Circle of Hell &amp; I couldn't agree more
Don awakens on his office sofa in 1960 with Roger Sterling standing over him saying "Ready to prove Lucky Strikes don't kill?" END CREDITS
Finally with no option left, the doctors are forced to perform electroshock therapy. Upon the first shock there's a ZAP!! Then....
.....Don can only respond with "I'M DICK WITMAN" while drooling and soiling himself uncontrollably. He still smokes cigarettes tho
Ok so that's the penultimate episode. The series finale is 45 mins of people visiting Don in an insane asylum.....
When he awakens he has no recollection of who Don Draper is and earnestly yells "I'M DICK WITMAN" While slobbering uncontrollably.
In the 5th inning a hard line drive foul ball hits Don in the head knocking him unconscious.
Don will get free Mets tickets (courtesy of McCann). He takes Bobby &amp; Gene to the game
Based on this information I can safely say how Mad Men will end
In the fall of 1969 what team won the world series? The New York Mets. Boom
We can deduce based on the Nixon Cambodia speech in ep 1/8 that the show is now at early summer of 1970
Paying attention to last night's Mad Men? The Mets flag that belonged to Lane was featured prominently in the episode's shot structure
@RealMEsterkamp 
A wet iPhone screen has a mind of its own dhdjeejbdjjsjdjrb <SMILING FACE WITH HORNS><WORRIED FACE><KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES><FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD><KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES><CHURCH>️<NIGHT WITH STARS><CONVENIENCE STORE><SUNSET OVER BUILDINGS>zbbdbebdisja
Spring rain for daze
Happy Holidays
The spirit world is everything 
I've watched the @starwars trailer at least a dozen times
Top 5 Paul Thomas Anderson Films
1) There Will Be Blood
2) Magnolia 
3) Boogie Nights
4) The Master
5) Inherent Vice
Top 5 Tarantino Films
1) Pulp Fiction
2) Django Unchained
3) Reservoir Dogs 
4) Jackie Brown
5) Inglourious Basterds
Top 5 Coen Brothers Films 
1) Fargo
2) No Country For Old Men
3) A Serious Man
4) Inside Llewyn Davis
5) The Big Lebowski
Top Five Brian de Palma films

None

They all suck
Top 5 Woody Allen Films
1) Annie Hall
2) Purple Rose of Cairo 
3) Manhattan 
4) Midnight in Paris
5) Love and Death
Top 5 Wes Anderson Films
1) Royal Tenenbaums
2) Grand Budapest Hotel
3) Moonrise Kingdom
4) Fantastic Mr Fox
5) Rushmore
Top 5 Spielberg Films
1) ET
2) Raiders of the Lost Ark
3) Schindler's List
4) Jaws
5) Saving Private Ryan
Top 5 Scorsese Films
1) Goodfellas
2) Raging Bull
3) Taxi Driver
4) Mean Streets
5) Hugo
And at 72 Harrison Ford is still a badass motherfucker, breakin bones and landin planes.
I've fallen in love with many movies over my life but Star Wars was the first. To me, it's more than just a movie.
I still remember being a 6 year old watching Star Wars and thinking "I want to make that when I grow up" #StarWarsCelebration
#C3P0 #Stormtrooper <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
Can't remember the last time I held a squirrel
Why do people say Scarface is an amazing movie? It barely qualifies as an ok one. Most overrated film of all time.
I want to see the blooper reel to Schindler's List
Or if they pour their milk before the cereal. What kind evil person pours the milk first? Do they not believe in compassion &amp; virtue?
I feel like you can tell a lot about a person by whether or not they eat their pizza crust
I would really like to meet @TheRock irl because he seems like a really ambitious hard worker but also down to earth &amp; humble
This Right here  
Ppl are always surprised when I tell them GOT has most in common with Mad Men. Both are driven by compelling scenes of dialogue.
There are no mistakes, only opportunities to learn
@leahspig I usually sling mine over my shoulder like a knapsack when it gets too heavy
The friend I am talking to is very Altmanesque, they keep interrupting everything I say.
Ok enough tweets for one day, goodnight 
Anyone else notice how men over the age of 80 constantly look like they have tears welling up in their eyes?
@nytimes But does it pass the Bechdel test?
Actually my one gripe is lack of 420 related emoji. Come guys, making a bloodshot eyes emoji wouldn't have been that hard
New emoji keyboard has everyone like <THUMBS UP SIGN><THUMBS UP SIGN>🏻<THUMBS UP SIGN>🏼<THUMBS UP SIGN>🏽<THUMBS UP SIGN>🏾<THUMBS UP SIGN>🏿, except racists, who are like <MAN>🏻<THUMBS DOWN SIGN>🏻. Who cares bout them though
In stitches from this video because this was pretty much me a little over a year ago 
I love making weird replies to @nytimes cause it gives massive impression metrics
If you match with the same person on Tinder, OkCupid &amp; Happn is that supposed to be cute? Cause it feels weird &amp; awkward
Just realized the landlord from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is the same lady who played Woody Allen's 1st wife in Annie Hall
Plus he has a lot say about people in their 20's 
This special is different from CK's other ones bc it was filmed in a comedy club &amp; is more like his early material 
I was assaulted with pepper spray
Interstellar synopsis: We named our daughter Murph so when the movie starts to not make sense it's symbolic and deep mannnn.
@nytimes I betcha a gold tooth he was mad off the reefer when he did it.
.@William_Bolton_ last night at @boweryballroom for @bowerypresents 
Had a dream I went to LA and it was warm, sunny &amp; smoggy. Looked on my phone this morning...same temp as Brooklyn <EYES>
Embracing my oddity is essential. I'm a weird guy &amp; that's alright.
#IOnceDatedSomeoneWho used the phrase LOL in their oral vocabulary <PILE OF POO>
So much new Tame Impala <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH> 
Masculinity, being a real man, means being true to yourself, loving and accepting yourself and living a life based from integrity
But masculinity isn't some bro code, it isn't tying a tie a certain way, or paying the bill or doing this rule or that rule
Reclaiming one's masculinity is important. It makes men feel more at center, making them less resentful and more genuine
I love myself for who I am. My flaws are not weaknesses but signs of my humanity
I do not need the approval or acceptance of women for validation of my own self worth
When I look at myself too many of these traits come forward. Which isn't something I am necessarily happy about
In the end Nice Guys are wimps who frame themselves as victims and act from an ungenuine place. They feel they must hide who they are
Often these men lack a true emotional center and will let some external part of their life define their emotional center
They will often frame themselves as the victim of a situation because they feel helpless and in some ways lost
The problem is these men let women define their masculinity and in the end hold a deep toxic shame towards their own masculinity
These men often resort to passive aggressive, indirect behavior, in the hopes they can manipulate a situation to their will
Many times these men hold a hidden hatred toward women, in the form of a subversive, passive aggressive misogyny
These men often hide a deep rage because they do not feel they can properly express their emotions in a healthy manner
Inversely many of these men resort to PUA or MRA sites thinking this will gain the approval of women. Again, still a place of dishonesty
These men will manipulate their image and behavior to what they think women will like or approve of, thus acting from a place of dishonesty
On the surface these guys will often appear caring, nurturing and well adjusted. Often these men feel they must hide all their flaws.
Nice Guy: A man who needs the approval of others (especially women) to feel fulfilled in their needs
@RealMEsterkamp I'm in too deep now to think about cutting the hair or beard
@RealMEsterkamp :( I finally realized I can't trim mine at all and it just has to grow until it completely fills itself in
@RealMEsterkamp Nice progress on the beard
Cafe is playing Innerspeaker, all is good in the world
Happy Jesus Weekend <DIZZY FACE>
If I could be Tom Selleck's mustache for a day I would wiggle around when Tom wasn't looking.
If I was a pornstar my name would be Shrimp Dimpleton
For the last year I've accumulated a go to playlist that is now over 1000 tracks. Today was the first time I pressed the shuffle button.
Most embarrassing types of cancers to die from:
1) Anal Cancer
2) Male Breast Cancer 
3) Prostate Cancer
I don't know what's more sensitive, this rash on my back or the Internet after a comic makes a sharp observational statement
I would never want to die from measles because who wants to die from a disease that rhymes with weasels?
The ostrich who learns how to fly would be elected president of the ostriches
@itsjust_garrett @nytimes his favorite pastime was rocking out with his rocks out
@itsjust_garrett @nytimes his favorite movie was Rocky, he loved to drink his rocks on the rocks.
@nytimes remember that time in 73 when he hit rock bottom
Every time someone says bandit this is the first thing I picture 
Eating soup with a fork because you're too lazy to do dishes
In my dreams the underwear is on my head and I have horse hooves for hands and twisty straws for legs
Not so scary autotune ghost "boohoooyeaaaabayayea"
They now have a selfie shoe, for the selfer  who wants to look extra douchey and obnoxious
Since McDonalds is doing all day breakfast does this mean I can now get a Big Mac at 7am?
It's pretty much April and I now I realize I haven't a slice of pizza since Christmas
If I put my brain in a jar I'd put crazing eyes on the jar
Essential childhood literature 
Cold showers feel like a beating from the icicle nanny
It Follows and The Babadook are just a reminder of how satisfying it is when horror gets it right
Could listen to @iamjohnoliver for hours @LastWeekTonight
A bald Billy Zane is way more Lex Luthor than a bald Eisenberg
Did Jesus get hangovers?
I found a lump on my breast once, turns out it was just a zit
The most uninteresting man in the world drinks Bud Light Lime
Isn't everyday at The Port Authority Bus Terminal a fatal accident waiting to happen
Giving Richard III a state reburial is like naming a Native America reservation after Andrew Jackson. Doesn't make any sense.
redditgetsdrawn is the coolest subreddit kiddos! Check it out, ya dingus #foryourhealth
You can't beat a lone wolf at his own game
@MedievaIProbs btw that guy is George Washington, so this should be on the Founding Fathers Problems account
Even though Taco Bell is nasty ass lard meat &amp; monkey brains, this commercial is still fuckin sick as hell 

Could somebody please explain why this phone isn't working? 
When I look at my life so far I think only one word comes to mind; frustration. More toward myself than anything else.
After all this time, I still go back to Lonerism. Behind the psychedelic blare are Kevin Parker's words; which still resonate deeply.
Also WHY AM I STILL TYING MY OWN SHOES?
Like for real, if can't remember that Marty and Doc travel to 2015, you're not a real Back To The Future fan.
I'm glad we are now in 2015 so I don't have to see dumbass idiots making incorrect posts about Back To The Future II's time travel date.
@SpotMyTots <FIRE><FIRE><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES><SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE>.....peanut butter
@SpotMyTots dude remember that time we went to Kings Island? Cause I don't <MUSHROOM><MAPLE LEAF>
@SpotMyTots "heyyyy, how are youuuu?"
How much pain, humiliation and bullying can two people endure together? The answer is surprising.
Brooklyn boredom 
Awesome track from a fantastic music teacher and music video collaborator @Quitzow 
Always a pleasure filming @ryanleslie and hearing everything he has to say about brand promotion &amp; the music industry
Took the #hashbag #toastiest 90's selfie the other day 
A person can break their own heart, but that same person always has the power to heal it and make it stronger
Basket weavers must have never heard of Tupperware
First Day of Spring 2015 #REALLY? #snow #winter #iwantmymoneyback 
Alcohol, though a great friend, must sometimes be left to abandonment for the sake of self preservation
A warm smile between old friends can weather even the mightiest storm
Cats are my spirit animals because they are aloof towards strangers &amp; sometimes even more around friends.
8 1/2 is one of those films that reminds me of everything that made me fall in love with cinema
Secrets are pindrops in our hearts. Quiet skips beating against the soul. For life without mystery is intensely unadventurous &amp; banal.
@SpotMyTots Dude if you need a place to crash let me know, we can catch up and hit up the parade, I definitely want to check it out
@SpotMyTots Haha I moved out here about 7 months ago, you comin for the parade? People keep telling me it's a nyc can't miss event
@SpotMyTots Definitely dude, you planning on visiting New York City anytime soon?
@SpotMyTots Your TV alter ego 
If only people were more like cigarettes, for they do not give up on one so easily.
Great moments of failure inspire potential energy to become kinetic
Anytime I see something trending from near where I am from, it's never a good thing 
A much more realistic depection of how Humans in New York actually behave 
I miss the feeling of holding a purring cat in my lap
Today was leg day, so naturally I've been walking like Cotton Hill all day
This St Patty's day parade has me thinkin of The Fugitive
Take me back to the rolling acres of Donegal <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<FOUR LEAF CLOVER><CLINKING BEER MUGS>
Sometimes guys do things that make me feel embarrassed to be a guy 
Yeah Kanye we get it, you're happy and found love, now shut up and let the cynics get back to forgetting.
@Slate from what I've read online the biggest obstacles in these relationships tends to be the difference in hair
So Meerkat and Snapchat are owned by two different companies. I see a logo lawsuit coming for the little Meerkats
@RealMEsterkamp "Sounds like goddamn D'angelo, funky af"
This album is fucking beautiful, dark, twisted poetry.
You can tell since Good Kid, M.A.A.D City Kendrick has seen the magic &amp; hung out with Lucy.
So it looks like psychedelic rock and EDM are forming a more perfect union 
@TIME But who is the Third Largest leg exporter?
“March” 
And don't even get me started on Brutus
If you think you have shitty friends just remember, Jesus's pals left him hangin on the cross. #flakydisciples
As I lose the corporate fog I remind myself comfort is not happiness &amp; freedom is more powerful than an empty life with a fat paycheck.
In love with this song &amp; this entire album 
Why does nobody start a conversation with me?

Stranger says hello "OH GOD WHY IS THIS PERSON I DONT KNOW TALKING TO ME?"
My hair and beard are at awkward inbetween stages and I'm avoiding all temptation to cut either
Buttheads used to to tell me I laughed like a chipmunk
Ummm.... 
Basic people and their opini-<SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE>
<SMIRKING FACE>
And you only have yourself to blame, for all of it. And you realize the only real problem you have, is that you're you.
<BILLIARDS><HAMMER><SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
And all you want is to not be acting like a stupid wacko anymore, to just feel fucking normal again.
And you look at yourself and see how crazy and irrational your acting because of one stupid moment
Yet no matter what the stupid fucking moment seems to keep coming back to remind you what a failure you really are
Until one day you realize your only life pursuit has to become to so preoccupied you hope one day the thought of it all goes away
But it's like a monkey on your back with a tiny little hammer that keeps hitting you in balls and won't seem to go away
You do everything you can to forget and move past the moment, because that's all you want, is to just forget about it
Before you know it the moment keeps bugging you and bogging you down. Distracting you from everything else in life
And in that moment you suddenly realize everything that's wrong with you as a person
Do you ever have a moment in life were all you need to do is something so simple &amp; easy but for some reason you don't do it
Checking out at Duane Reade is like doing a pop survey for the DMV
He makes a really good point 

This may be the most relatable show to my own life haha
Haha Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt makes a reference to Middletown Ohio, weird.
New York cynicism transformation complete 
The guitar solo of Moreno's Blend reminds me of the hope spring brings again
"Hollywood loves to be progressive with its presidents." 

@SlateMoneybox @Slate good, those poor elephants don't deserve to be treated the way they are <ELEPHANT>
March is winter's hangnail #goawaysnow
@RealMEsterkamp @PigsAndPlans @RatKing its a dying industry, gotta do what you can to stand out in the crowd
@RealMEsterkamp @PigsAndPlans @RatKing that's sick there's already another album out
Who else thinks 432 Park Avenue is a disgusting eyesore?
I look back sometimes and wonder why I acted like such a selfish prick. I wish I could say I am sorry, to many ppl, for countless things.

Happy @HouseofCards weekend!!! Where happiness isn't real and the universe is a horribly sad place
After 3 seasons I realize now House of Cards is the show I love to hate.
I also didn't know the West Sitting Hall looked like an evil villain's mansion lair.
I can tell this show was designed for clinically depressed people to enjoy.
House Of Cards cynicism borders on the form of self parody.
Someone please mail me instruction kit on how dating works
Dudes Flirting With The Barista: A Brooklyn Story
This cafe is playing Nick Drake and The Smiths &amp; it's giving me a total flashback to sophomore year of college.
I love when a song sounds like it was meant to be in the soundtrack of a movie 
In my head: "God I love the oscars!!! I love movies, I love Hollywood. Tonight I will dream of the moment I accept the golden statue"
Not gonna watch the Oscars, gonna go to sleep instead cause I have to be up early. Besides it's just a big Hollywood circle jerk f off oscar
Quit smoking &amp; hating every living thing on the earth right now.
It's Oscar Weekend!! Curl up by the fire (In my case, a barrel near the east river) and watch the movies you love!
I am going to remember this winter for many years to come, as one of the strangest &amp; weirdest moments of my life.

I really hope the final episodes of Mad Men take place in the 70's because the 70's were a goddamn awesome decade. Favorite Era by far.
It's all just so plain goddamn stupid.
Never live life with shoulda, woulda and couldas. The world is not movie, some plotlines and stories will never resolve themselves
Regret is an infestation of maggots which will eat you from within, everyday slowly gnawing away at your psyche leaving you empty
Never be afraid of acting when the moment calls. Especially when you know you should, even in the moment.
First Love, however stupid, dumb &amp; naive it may be, is an indelible ink, which fucks with a person far longer than any 1 thing should.
Don't worry about what the others are doing, you must embrace what is special about you
"It's like 2015, Anal's not that big of deal"- Roommate's conversation with friend
@TIME I wanna hear who he nominates for the ice bucket challenge
People always bitch and moan about staying under 2,000 calories but have you ever tried to consume 4,500? It's way harder
@jtkamp "Most of my hair is real"
@jtkamp "You're just Biden some time.
@jtkamp "zzzzzzzzzzzz"
@jtkamp "Hey baby, I'm the Vice President, so you know I'm a bad boy"
@jtkamp "Obama loves it when I whisper him sweet nothings"
@jtkamp "Yummm, you smell like freedom"
NEVER IN THE HISTORY OF EVER HAS ONE PHOTO BROUGHT ME SO MUCH JOY AND HAPPINESS 
I give up on dating and relationships not because of insecurity but because it's too fucking cold to leave my apartment.
Also, I think I finally realized I can't get close to people &amp; I have no idea how to change that.
Is social media a 1950's suburb where everyone is cheery and happy on the outside, but drunk, empty &amp; on prozac on the inside?
Ack! All my pants are loose and baggy. Sometimes getting in shape can be annoying.
Dunkin Donuts Dark Coffee = <FIRE><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO>
Blood pressure rising
I'm runnin for those hills 
Beyoncé &amp; Jay Z are moving to LA, which goes to show everyone who makes it in NYC ends up moving to LA.
Robert Evans may be a scumbag, but his answer to "Is it worth it?" is inspirational 
“@HuffingtonPost: Woman wants to be first woman to give birth on Mars 
President &amp; Democrats took a huge political gamble pushing legislation with no bipartisan support. Mainly bc of high publicity of bill
The defining piece of legislation for this president is the healthcare act which bears his name. Wouldn't be good if it ended as a dud
If, by 2016, the court of public opinion believes the Affordable Healthcare Act a failed policy, Hillary will lose.
BAKIN' SODA!! I GOT BAKING SODA!!!
The Netflix comedy special is a cancer to the world of standup comedy.
Stuck in my head all day 
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure was a doozy! <SLEEPING SYMBOL><ANTICLOCKWISE DOWNWARDS AND UPWARDS OPEN>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <ROCKET>
Check it out brooooo 
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <BANK>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <HORSE RACING>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <SURFER>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <BOMB>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <SNOWBOARDER>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <SNOWFLAKE>️
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <UMBRELLA WITH RAIN DROPS>️
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <CLOUD>️
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! <SUN WITH FACE>
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy! .
Happy Groundhog Day! This holiday sure is a doozy!
Binging on coffee in a cozy bookstore while crafting a web series is a Saturday night well spent
Lady standing over me on the subway farted right into my mouth and now I can only taste bean and onion beef burrito
PaPaPow

The Thin Blue Line is just like Serial, only way better
H0w ca'N Thure be gLoBal Warmings iF turs a huoge BizZaRd?? taKe ThAT DuMBocratS. I wUnT DarY qeueen
Perks of a blizzard: deserted gym
James Blake's Overgrown is the soundtrack for blizzards and the snow

“@guardian: Emma Watson at Davos: address gender inequality – video 
Dreaming of going to the world of Sundance <CLAPPER BOARD>
Also haven't had a processed carb or dairy product in over a week &amp; it feels amazing. This Paleo diet works swimmingly.
Pills don't relieve depression, a healthy diet and exercise are the solution. I've tried both methods &amp; the latter is greatly superior.
I should be truly honest with myself; I'm a delusional idiot. It's actually gotten me pretty far in life.
Flat White = 99% of Starbucks Clientele
@itsjust_garrett sounds like a ruff situation
@itsjust_garrett was it a dog?
"That AMErIcan Sniper is SUCH a HerO. uSA #1!! everyone else #2. I HATE ARAB Ppl!!!"- People in my hometown review's of American Sniper
Good Answer 
A watched pot never boils
Appropriate Behavior is a fantastic film. Go see it.
“Top Ten Films of 2014” 
Has a video clip ever contained so much Oscar snub at once? 
My local Rite Aid had the Valentines Day chocolates &amp; maxi pads in the same aisle-way, facing across from each other. Smart placement.
Whenever I see someone jogging in regular clothes I like to run behind them so they can pretend they're being chased
If Selma had its limited release at Thanksgiving instead of Christmas it wouldn't of gotten snubbed. This is why I only care about Cannes.
I hope Birdman sweeps at the Oscars, maybe for once, the film that's actually the best of the year will win Best Picture.
Why did I decide to start binging on Friends? Stupid show with its damn crustacean analogies <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
I just published “7 Photos That Prove Jack Ruby Was The Biggest Hunk Of All Time” 
I think cats are evil #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Man, you're a hairy girl #FiveWordsToRuinADate
You're curvier in real life #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Yeah, it's a toothpaste stain.... #FiveWordsToRuinADate
I believe in men's rights #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Ever had a prostate exam? #FiveWordsToRuinADate
It's a roll of quarters #FiveWordsToRuinADate
I need a little porn #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Don't worry, I'll pull out #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Wanna see my rock collection  #FiveWordsToRuinADate
I actually showered for this  #FiveWordsToRuinADate
I am obsessed with Nickleback #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Are you always this cranky? #FiveWordsToRuinADate
You smell like my boyfriend #FiveWordsToRuinADate
Girls know they want it #FiveWordsToRuinADate
I usually don't date strippers #FiveWordsToRuinADate
You look like my mom #FiveWordsToRuinADate
#1 rule for a sex party: first come, first serve
Google reviews of The Ryugyong Hotel in North Korea 
Girl: "God that guy keeps staring at me. Is he drooling? Omg men are such fucking pigs"

Guy: "Holy crap. There's a buffet behind that girl"
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take"- Lee Harvey Oswald
I just published “2015” 
If you're a lover of film or a writer, you've got to see Life Itself. By far the best documentary of 2014 (The book is really good too!)
Traits of youngest siblings @OliviaEsterkamp 
Traits of middle siblings @RealMEsterkamp 
Traits of first born siblings 
#tinderlove 
I just published “2014” 
@dhildebrand91 just remember this; it puts the lotion on it's skin.
Are lentils out of the microwaveable bag with sparkling water and nicotine gum an acceptable diet for a 23 year single guy?
Things have a way of working themselves out
I hate myself for not being more outgoing #NewYearsConfessions
@OliviaEsterkamp and check out the athens natives (I shot some of this too!) 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@RealMEsterkamp lemme know, I'll buy a couch for you to crash on
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp since you're about to start college I feel I must show you great music 
Black Women &gt; White Women #NewYearsConfessions
@RealMEsterkamp yesss you will love it!! When's your spring break!?
@RealMEsterkamp don't worry Imma bout to hit up with comedy show in Williamsburg, should be pretty cool<SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
@RealMEsterkamp I am at a bar! I tried to hit up 3 open mics and all of them were canceled cause it's New Years!
@OliviaEsterkamp Bobkitten how's your New Years!!?
@RealMEsterkamp so far kinda boring, just a lot of scotch and soda in Brooklyn #fucktimessquare
@RealMEsterkamp nice use of of the beer mug btw
@RealMEsterkamp ah! You must be a Lannister! A good Stark always knows winter is coming!!
I'm afraid to fall in love again #NewYearsConfessions
@RealMEsterkamp how's your New Years?
@Slate I know this is sad but it made me laugh
I think Taylor Swift is still really annoying #NewYearsConfessions
I feel like a lot of people wanted nothing to do with me when I was questioning my sexuality #NewYearsConfessions
I've kept almost everyone at an arms distance for my entire life #NewYearsConfessions
I avoid people at all costs, even though I know it's harmful for my own good #NewYearsConfessions
I want to be the activist who starts a conversation about hemorrhoids
1814: White House burned down 

1914: WWI starts 

2014: Don't even get me started 

'14 Years always suck #illuminati #conspiracy
@nytimes nope
Facebook status of Leelah's mother. It's fucking sad she still can't acknowledge her daughter for who she really was 
Just saw that Leelah Alcorn worked at Kings Island as well. It's tragic this young woman saw no other option besides ending her life.
2014: The Year of the Shadow
@CourtneyMiho More like levi-OU-sa
Everytime I binge on Arcade Fire I end up falling asleep. They're either incredibly soothing or extremely boring.
If you live in Brooklyn and have never seen Do The Right Thing, you're doing yourself a major disservice.
How goes it Rodney 
I would never call a woman I was dating boo. Unless I was afraid of her and was trying to scare her back.
So the consensus I'm getting from people is that I shouldn't look at the ground so much when doing a set. Duly noted.
#MakeAComedyScary Ace Ventura: Pets Molested 
#MakeAComedyScary Failure To Launch 
#MakeAComedyScary Tropic Blunder 
#MakeAComedyScary When Harry Murdered Sally
Note to self: Women on the street don't appreciate being licked on the face and told they taste like gingerbread and loneliness.
When I tell people I named my cat after Rodney King, they have no idea who Rodney King is. I hope the next generation is wiser.
Gag: Character pulls out map of the place they want to travel to. Other character makes comment about them carrying around a map in 2014.
Seeing the Facebook reactions to the last month from the people in my hometown makes me very glad I moved away.
Life can be a pain in the ass &amp; difficult; keep your chin up Guccibutt.
If you can make them laugh, you can make them love you.
I want to be Stephen Colbert
The single life is the life for me. JT Esterkamp's all I need
Shoutout to Guccibutt
I'm going to start crooning satirical hip hop songs about how hard it is being a white man on the streets. My name: Drank Cilantro
Lost my metrocard twice this week. FUCKkkkkkkk
@TIME 
@parodify everyone join this site! 
Every man faces a pivotal question everyday around 2pm "Did I remember to wear deodorant?"
@StephenAtHome is my hero
@billburr is right, you shouldn't hug your sons too much. #imsorryyoufeelthatway
This says it all 
Calm down, sweetheart, grow up
Films take us to a place of empathy that books and music cannot. We don't need to imagine characters experiences in movies. We share them
@RottenTomatoes ET
@RottenTomatoes he was born in Cincinnati!!
I saw a @funnyordie prediction of the last episode of serial and it was so spot on I started laughing when I listened this morning.
Alfred Stieglitz turn of the century work is simply fascinating. 1890-1913 is such an interesting &amp; overlooked period
That silly rabbit was interested in a lot more than their Trix. Coming up, on season 2 of Cereal.
I've found myself listening to this a lot lately 
Grand Central Station 6:13pm 
@nytimes It seems like within the internet, rape is turning into Hitler. Soon enough when a bad thing happens people equate it to rape
I fully agree with the President  
In continuation of said previous tweet therein and thereforth  
Dogs suck. The End.
Open mics: shitty, horrible, necessary.
Lol 
'Obama to announce major shift in Cuba policy'

End the embargo, end the embargo. I long for  great cigars *fingers crossed*
The sliding oil prices are Putin the Russians in a difficult position.
I hate when I'm listening to music in public and I let out a fart and everyone looks at me and I realize everyone heard it except me.
@StephenAtHome I still remember watching this in 8th grade when it first aired and being so pumped &amp; excited

'Skype can now translate your video call'

This is going to end well......
Girl #1: "I like white wine" ehhhh
Girl #2: "I'm a dog person" ehhhhhh
Girl #3: "Slurpslupslurplslurp"

Girl #3 is septic hose #singlelife
@SpotMyTots I'll retweet your sfw stuff, your costume work is really impressive!
@nytimes I know these are huge in Japan, so glad they are finally catching on here!!
Humanity's cruelest invention: 1 ply toilet paper
The burning question I hope will be answered in Star Wars EP VII: Did Luke ever go to Toshi Station and pick up those power converters?
This song summarizes my 2014 from day 1

Everytime I do an open mic I end up not sleeping at all. Too wired. Too jazzed<OPEN HANDS SIGN>. Give me expresso please now forever
Comedy save my soul
My one weakness.....Oreos 
“@DIYcookery: Oreo Brownies! <FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Also why is everyone surprised Scott Rudin is a dick? Have you ever looked at the listing to be his assistant? It says it all
North Korea hacks Sony trying to dismantle them. Ends up starting discussion about sexism and racism in Hollywood. #kimjongfail
@nytimes Most of these men are stand up comedians
@birbigs what's the strangest open mic you've ever done?
@InspiredWordNYC looks sweet! Are these open mics free or paid?
You don't understand the true meaning of crowd work until you do an open mic in a subway station
1900 ad for Coca Cola, claiming it is a "healthful drink" 
Single person anthem 
People tell me I'm so brave; for moving to NYC with no plan, for doing standup comedy. But I know the truth, I know I'm a fucking coward.
The female lead singer of the reggae band across the hall from me sounds like a dying cat being waterboarded #giveuponyourdreams
@CStone4L ¡Ay, caramba!
@CStone4L 24 oz pbr at your local bodega, only $1.80
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Women go wild for my cologne; Chex Del Feline Urine
If a picture is worth a thousand words, then a movie is worth a million
Nyc comics, any good open mics for a beginner?
My credit card is like me. It's constantly getting denied.
Bangladesh has better bandwidth rates than NYC. We can all thank @timewarnertv and @comcast for that
I can't decide, Run The Jewels 2, St Vincent or Lost in The Dream. So many great albums this year
@TIME ranks @st_vincent above @taylorswift13 

They know what's up
People criticize @RollingStone for the handling of the UVA article, but they've done something far worse

They said U2 had album of the year
Cosmopolitan 20 Best Albums of 2014
#1 Taylor Swift-1989
#20 St Vincent-St Vincent 

It's ok, the list was birthed in reverse
Not having a lot of luck on Jswipe.....
The set I did the other night at Gotham special thanks to @ManhattanComedy and @CoryCajones for the guidance 
@MarloMeekins me too!!! 
Pre open mic pump up jam
 
When she told me she preferred white over red, I knew there wouldn't be another date.
@SpotMyTots never have so many been left with blue balls at once
Hey New Yorkers, come to my standup graduation show! 7pm at Gotham Comedy club! Fun! Laughs! Diet Coke!!
@SpotMyTots dudeeee were you in Chicago this weekend?
Sometimes I seriously wonder if I am a grumpy, irritable, curmudgeonly 80 year old man trapped inside a 23 year olds body.
Creepy, Haunting, Incredible. 


"Here's something you'll never hear anyone say: 'When he rode up on his unicycle, I knew I had to have his cock in my mouth.'"-Dave Attell
Oozing with sarcasm, Spotify lyric app 
End of the year and music go together like pie and ice cream 
@nytimes "Running may reverse aging in certain ways" 

Running backwards will reverse chances of getting laid
RSVP Hommies 
Fellow New Yorkers!! Come to Gotham Comedy Club at 7pm on December 8th to watch me perform my standup graduation show. More info soon
Sometimes I wish I lived in a time before social media. People never disappear anymore; we are a generation of voyeurs.
I'm glad Thanksgiving is over “Winter Is Coming” 
@OliviaEsterkamp it's weird how all your tweets make me fall asle-<SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING FACE>

This makes me wonder what it would've been like to live in the city back then. So much happening at once

Fun fact: Jackie Coogan, star of Charlie Chaplin's The Kid, would go on to star as Uncle Fester in The Adams Family 
It's beautiful and I'm nerding the fuck out 


Special thanks to this album, for helping me get through today 

Looking through Facebook and seeing all my friends sitting next to @lordemusic &amp; @taylorswift13 at the AMAs #mediaschool
Could it just be Saturday please
@MarloMeekins Kim Kardashian breaks the Internet. Millions of old people ask grandchildren for instructions to fix it.
I recommend everyone go see Dear White People, it's an excellent study of race in the 21st century.
The idea that we are living in a post-racial society is a foolhardy delusion.
Check out my new book in the works;

How To Not Face Harassment or Injustice from the Police:

Chapter 1: Be White
“This story means nothing” 
I must say, this has been a most interesting year.
If someone has pictures of themselves with wads of cash, all they're saying is "I don't have a checking account".

The top 50 artists I listen to the most, based on @lastfm 
You can't write comedy when you have to poop
Lol 
I saw a cold cat meowing on the street begging for food. Why can't I adopt every single cat ever? :(
If life has taught me anything, it's that online dating doesn't work if you live in Ohio.
Feeling connected to all the places I've been and plan to visit 

#Impeach
@UnitedNerds then you've definitely seen the best film of the year, Dumb &amp; Dumber To
Thanks to Woody Allen &amp; Bill Cosby I can never wear another sweater for the rest of my life. I love sweaters. Damn sweater wearin rapists.

Obessed with this whole album 

So much truth 

<SMIRKING FACE>

@UnitedNerds you haven't seen whiplash have you?
This is the greatest thing I have ever seen, and I don't use greatest often: 
Can you name the movie with the quote "Shut up penis breath!"
I leaned in and whispered to her "I know you want it." Her lower lip quivered lustfully as she slowly grabbed the last slice of pizza.
It's true, all those years of not being popular do pay off. 
"Cool at 13, Adrift at 23 
The rest of the country gets dumped with snow and I'm just like "Hey at least it looks like a film noir here".
"What if every one of the stars was Matthew McConaughey? What if all these people are actually Matthew McConaughey?" 
- Matthew McConaughey
@UnitedNerds what'd you think of Whiplash?
Want to know a secret?
I.Remember.Everything.
All of it
The final pieces of the great mystery have finally come together

Now its fates turn
“Tips for Spending Thanksgiving Alone.” 
What makes me most sad about The Union is I only went there maybe 4 times. I feel like in a lot of ways, I missed out on college.
Interstellar was good.....but not great.
Old things forgotten, consummated with the porcelain God.
ThinkwithGoogle: What Influences the Films We See 
Just another reason Tommy Lee Jones is fucking awesome 
Kim Kardashian breaks Internet. Millions of old people consult grandchildren on instructions to fix it.
This cracked headline just made my day. 
Everyone in Brooklyn looks like the neighbors from national lampoons Christmas vacation.
Reminder for fitting in at Brooklyn: Buy more black.
Everytime I see someone with a Reds hat I want to tell them I'm a Reds fan. Then I remember why they're probably wearing it #WhitePeople
I get it though, you want the guy to say hi first. Honestly, I feel like I should always be the one saying hi first. #justthewayitis
Not saying patriarchy doesn't exist, just saying it's been overused and misused, much like my great Uncle Boris.
I hate that word: patriarchy. It's been used to belittle complex questions into simplified fast food style answers. #Junkargument
And "because of patriarchy" is not an answer, unless you suffer from severe intellectual laziness.
But it feels too often people say "catcalling happens: men are pigs" maybe we should ask why men feel the need to catcall.
But I've never been catcalled. Seriously I don't know what it feels like to be a woman. What the fuck do I know.
What the fuck do I know though? I'm just a white dude.
Guys are held to certain expectations too ladies. If you want to change the way you are treated you need to consider that.
I mean that video really bothered me, and I can imagine being catcalled feels very dehumanizing. But what's the line?
So women expect us to be brave and fearless but if we even say hello to them on the street its automatically harassment.
Shoutout to every single girl in Brooklyn standing in front of that winged graffiti thing.
You're a dirty girl CNBC 
All signs point to yes.
If you're having a horrible day and one of my jokes puts a smile on your face, then you've just made me the happiest person ever.
Ya ever notice how people running late on the subway act like desperate crackheads.
There is nothing like going back to the first album you ever fell in love with. 

If I ever direct a music video, I hope it's half as good as this one. 


The real question we should be asking ourselves: how much weed did Jay and Adnan smoke on Jan 13th, 1999? #smokinggun
Keira Knightley and Kim Kardashian's photo shoots were both sponsored by Kleenex Tissues.
Benedict Cumberbatch opens up about sexual experimentation at all-boys school - insists it 'wasn't out of desire' 
I'd really love to take an improv or sketch class at UCB except they're CONSTANTLY SOLD OUT.

Attn humans of New York, I will be doing a 6 minute set at Gotham comedy club on dec 15th for the graduation from class. Come one come all!!
I'm not allowed 70ft near any Dunkin Donuts for reasons I can't specify. Visiting Boston is always a nightmare.
I read an article about connecting with someone on 21 different levels of compalitablity.I can barely get past level 1 with 99% of everyone
My girlfriend and I tried anal, it was great, except I've barely been able to walk all week.
Why is bashing @AnnaKendrick47 a thing<BLACK QUESTION MARK ORNAMENT>
@nprmusic @AdroStrei huh, I remember photographing these guys in the summer of 2013, in Athens Ohio
There are a million single women in NYC, yet I always end up in Central Park with a horse and raccoon #devilsthreesome
Take time for thanking all the brave vets who have served our country 
Meet the loners 
I haven't seen Gone Girl or Interstellar yet, just as a sidenote
Top 5 movies I've seen this year
1) Birdman 
2) Boyhood
3) Whiplash 
4) Dear White People 
5) Nightcrawler
@UnitedNerds what do you think the best film is this year, thus far?
When I left Whiplash my hands were sweating and shaking. It's a movie about a jazz drummer.....
Kevin Hart You Look Amazing in the Wind - Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee by Jerry Seinfeld 
Hi <WHITE SMILING FACE>️ @jes_chastain 
Finishing off a bottle of wine yourself is like eating a whole pizza yourself. Shit this wine makes me want some pizza. #mamamia
Now I just want pizza rolls
"Tim &amp; Eric shill Totino's Pizza Rolls in the weirdest way possible" 
Taking a super awesome fun trip to Brownsville; man this car has a really nice trunk!!!
People who hate cats secretly hate themselves.
7am on subway with the Manhattan skyline in sight, this jam will jumpstart your circuits like a cup of coffee. 
@You_Bet_Nalette This episode will be like the reunion episode of Futurama and everyone's throwing up
You know the Simpsons is close to ending when they have to resort to crossover episodes with Family Guy and Futurama.
It's like hitting a wall; the heart races, the knees feel weak &amp; tremble &amp; the mind races so fast it cannot proccess the need to act.
Onions are the redneck cousins of the vegetable family.
Sushi chefs roll the best blunts
This video embodies a certain demographic of white guys on the internet. You know which ones they are. 

Vegetable calazones are for when you want to eat healthy without really being healthy.
Her first time walking in show 
I was raised catholic

fun fact: my priest was a bedwetter.
There's no feeling like making a room full of people burst into laughter.
Face it dude, you blew it.
Somebody once told me that in order to survive you have to keep moving. In the years since, those words still resonate deeply.
I've had a few instances recently which remind me why I'm stuck a loner. It's my fault, not the world's. Must change.

If you ever said hi to the kid who was eating lunch by himself, you get an A+ in my book.
When I was in middle school some girl who was obsessed with me started a rumor I was gay. 

Talk about the ultimate cockblock.
This last month has really scrambled my brain up.

I've been living in this apartment for a month and still don't know the names of any of my roommates.<NEUTRAL FACE>
Ok so maybe I'm the single guy who goes to the movies by himself. So what, I went to film school so I'm conducting research &amp; stuff.
Nightcrawler is a fascinating exploration on video journalism with an immersive performance from Gyllenhaal.
I have this trait that repels women, it's called; not talking to them.
The best way to get laid is to be in a band/make a lot of money/don't be a stand up comic.
The best practice for my standup is living in an apartment with a basement designed for standup comedy. #bushwickbill
There's candy in the corner and I'm filling up on it, LIKE A FAT COW
No one is at this Halloween party and everyone is awkwardly standing in circles. It feels like a middle school dance <GRIMACING FACE><JACK-O-LANTERN><JACK-O-LANTERN>
My life consists of waking up, going to work, coming home, eating sushi, writing jokes, sleep; repeat.
Dog people are weeeeeird 
@birbigs Happy #NationalCatDay from one russian blue owner to another 
I'm looking forward to the day I get to see Rodney again. #NationalCatDay
Recently I've been processing old wounds, memories I have blocked for years.Yet under the scars lies a glowing feeling of warmth &amp; affection
I wander the subway searching for a beautiful soul.
Only in @birbigs standup can you hear the sound of a pindrop. That's a testament to him drawing you in. Ok maybe @LastWeekTonight too.
I imagine being catcalled feels a lot like getting called faggot in middle school. Maybe it doesn't though, what the fuck do I know?
Fedoras will make a comeback in 25 years when the stock market crashes and we enter the Greater Depression. #callingit
My greatest weakness is putting myself out there, but then again isn't life about overcoming our weaknesses?
Have you ever looked at someone and thought "Man, that person is one of the most incredible human beings I have ever known."
Im a liar consumed by a passionate fire, a coward who's no longer afraid, a lover who's rediscovered his inner fighter; I won't betray luck.
The movie of life is alive within you.
"My first prostate exam was a life changing moment" Walt Whitman in a letter to Oscar Wilde 1890.
“Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow”
My shoulders feel heavy from the stupidity of my own inaction.
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming l, just keep swimming <JAPANESE OGRE><EXTRATERRESTRIAL ALIEN><DASH SYMBOL><NOSE>    <MOVIE CAMERA><SQUARED VS><SCROLL>
My hair's slicked back like Mr Draper's but I'm unwinding at the edges like Michael Ginsberg.
rt if you rt
I'm not saying she's a gold digger, but she ran off to San Fransisco with my miners uniform. #1849lyrics
@guardian so was the daughter already dead when he shot her? That's really dumb, what a waste of bullets.
A joke can conceal deeper wounds, but what does it matter? The greatest gift one can give is the joy of excess laughter.
The World Flackbook Encyclopedia, a book of genuinely fake facts.
Man these rats sure do have weird names.
Coco just got his first gig! Looks like we'll be touring the Rat Circus Circuit with Squeakers, Garbonzo and Julius Birchfield.
Actually I just realized it's not a ball of lint but a rat. Think I'll name him Coco The Rat and teach him how to do Rat circus tricks.
Of course my cats not here so I'll make due with this giant ball of lint I found on the subway. It doesnt purr, it murrs.
There is nothing more comforting at night than a cozy, curled cat purring in bed
Being on your own in the world is tough. In a new city, all alone you gotta #getbywithalittlehelpfromyourfriends
If your chickens are tender be sensitive to their needs. #sensitivechicken
Does anyone know a good coffee shop in Brooklyn for writing jokes?
If John Wayne Gacy had it his way, everyday would be Halloween. #pleasedontshowmethehandcufftrickmrgacy
She thought the German Huns were "Like really, really hot and like exotic in like a James Marsden kinda way, like omg they have catapults."
Rome fell because the Emperor's daughter was having her sweet 16.
When in fact it stands for Felix's Underwear Curdles Konsistently.
The dumbest urban legend is that FUCK stands for Fornication Under Consent of King.
Most people think the black death was in the 14th century, those people have never visited Reno.
In fact Jousting was basically just pretty invented by James Garfield because he was bored and hadn't been shot yet.
Basically The Old Kingdom of Egypt and Medieval England were the same place; neither had Gatorade.
Yes every culture for all of antiquity had the same homogenous traditions with no variance between each of the ancient cultures
The great feast was usually celebrated on the third Wednesday of every other month.
Instead of leaving their dead in urns, ancient cultures used to leave the diarrhea the king made after the great feast; in a golden urn.
If you get blue cheese on your hands it basically smells like you rubbed your hands in an ancient vase of diarrhea.
@jarroddowalter have you invested in one of these? 
Some things seem impossible to shake off, no matter how hard one tries.
@CocaCola Hey coke how much sugar is in a can of your stuff? #showusyourpeanuts
@SNICKERS how much sugar does a bar of snickers contain? #showusyourpeanuts
If you're going to quarantine a nurse for 21 days, at least let her have access to Netflix. #basichumanrights #Ebola2014
Joseph Gordon-Levitt: - video interview 
Crossing the Williamsburg Bridge on the J at 4am 
I look at the people around the city and imagine the stories they hold within their lives.
A little FOOD for thought 
I keep having these dreams were I am stuck in middle school again but I'm 23 now and everything is stupid and none of the rules make sense
People with ADD think faster they can write causing them often forget simple articles conjunctions.
This reminds me a 10 year old me. 

Kids Cry Tears of Joy When Mom Finds Their Lost Cat 
Happy Birthday!!! @OliviaEsterkamp 

Dead...

Fuck you Oswald <REGIONAL INDICATOR SYMBOL LETTER U + REG><REGIONAL INDICATOR SYMBOL LETTER U + REG><REGIONAL INDICATOR SYMBOL LETTER U + REG>
@OliviaEsterkamp 
----  ----
  I       I
)--------(
We have close to 30,000 signed on the petition, that is 3 times the amount that caused you to remove the to…
@OliviaEsterkamp 
@OliviaEsterkamp #crustysock #danglingthings #twitterhijack14 #dirtyunderwearfetish
@OliviaEsterkamp @RealMEsterkamp 
You avoid me, hi lusty coco vine.
I love fine buoyed tea.
Metalworking bounce, untie a bee.
Handwriting male I meet wet ale
you poet dies math eye map
cat twin examined tore bow
you looked ivory fare
Meantime Teeth Morn
Regret is a shadow which mocks its beholder.
The lady who is photographing the event I am filming went to OU as well. You never know when you'll see a fellow bobcat #shehadgreenglasses2
Poor Choo Choo 

Why The Train Is Always Delayed 
If I can't show it, if you can't see me
What's the point of doing anything?
The happiest times are often the tiniest of moments which quickly escape us until we are ready to appreciate them. #stardustmemories
When walking down 46th &amp; Park ave I smelled the scent of seawater. In my entire time living here I haven't been able to smell the ocean
I've noticed since I quit smoking I've started eating a lot better. Probably because I know if I eat greasy/chocolaty shit I'll wanna smoke.
Why do people feel it's nessacary to announce of Facebook how dilated their cervix's are? That's really something you should tweet.#rednecks
Warning: Don't mention sliding doors, automatic doors or doors without knobs. These are not classified under the McMitchell Doorknob guide.
Come see the hottest new Doorknob collection by Steve Knobs. Sexy, Sleek, Sophisticated Doorknobs all under one door.
Bring the kids to check out the fun ride "Open Sesame: Life Before Doorknobs" With the wise cracking guide Squeaky The Rusty Doorknob.
Do you have any questions about Doorknobs? Come see legendary doorknob architect Francis P Pallywalker discuss his innovate 1953 series.
Diamond, brick, cedar, metal, and even cat doorknobs!! All at the 4th Annual Doorknob Symposium, off Route 4 by the Gobbler County DMV.
Come one come all to Henry J Winklers Doorknob Symposium. 3 days of doorknobs, but no doors or knobs!
Sometimes I talk to myself and say "Hey dumbass next time don't be weird" Then everyone looks at me and I realize I spoke out loud.
Halloween is 10 days away, I need to figure out how to make this costume happen. 
It's so nice finally having a phone that can actually run the Twitter app. #iphone4toiphone6
As a storyteller and filmmaker, it is my conviction that the universe is dictated by the rule of three.
Fun Fact: People who listen to Sufjan Stevens have the highest average on SAT scores.
Laying gaffe tape is loud. People on the trade floor don't do loud. #glaresmyway
Life is weird
I think you could easily do a whole bit on the experience of buying a suit at Men's Wearhouse.
@MatthewEMinor so what's the difference between an actual woman and a nonactual woman?
@MatthewEMinor to actual women? As opposed to what? Cardboard cutouts?
I think I am channeling all the stress I relieved through smoking onto Twitter. Otherwise it will just float in the particles until gravity
Women who make posts for #WomenAgainstFeminism remind me of this 
I just now realized it's actually called CORNED Beef Hash. Welllll, this is awkward. #Wompwompwomp
Have you ever felt sad? Reach for that hearty can of Corn Beef Hash.
Google searching Corn Beef Hash is definitely NSFW
Corn Beef Hash like bubble gum, takes 8 years to digest.!
Corn Beef Hash is simpler than pie! Take one part corn, one part beef and one part hash. Add some msg hearty salt and there you go!
Exfoliating your skin once a day with Corn Beef Hash will ensure you never get laid again.
In 50 years cars will be fueled by corn beef hash
Corn Beef Hash has been shown to offer no viable treatment to Ebola, but as far as last meals go, nothing tops it!
Corn Beef Hash makes a great diaper cousin, older siblings will love the beefy sent junior emits.
Think of something fancy to drink then add Corn Beef Hash, your body will thank you when it's foaming at the mouth and bleeding all over.
I kissed a girl in a graveyard this weekend. Yes she was alive/conscious/coherent/real and not a tombstone. #okmaybeitwasatombstone
I remember back in the old days there was twitter as far as the eye could see.
Thank god for films, where else can you be sucked into another world and know for a moment, nothing matters in yours?
157. AMY POEHLER: Great people do things before they’re ready  
Rodney if you're reading this; meow meow, meow.....meow.
Fun fact: When you first quit smoking your cough gets worse and it's basically like having a cold.
@UnitedNerds How dare you lau-COUGH COUGH COUGH, sorry gotta wipe this blood I just coughed up.
I haven't smoked a cigarette in 4 days and my head is killing me. Quitting sucks but my lungs feel great.
[==|:}(   &lt;-----Salvador Dalí frowning while wearing a top hat.
They laughed back and said "Yeah, fuck you too". 

I love this city.
Today two guys on the street were making fun of me for the way I was dressed. I laughed turned and gave them the finger.
^_^=={==={===&lt;/&gt; &lt;------- This species went extinct today
#_# &lt;----- RT if you get it.
Maybe the actual reason I can't sleep is the 2pm coffee I had.
Plus they're aren't even that good. =^o*_*o^=
It's cool that musicians are jamming in the apartment next door. EXCEPT IT'S 2 IN THE FUCKING MORNING. Go play on the damn roof.
It's true; I, I prefer your love to Jesus.
The last 6 months have gone by too quick. What a journey “Mowing, Moving and Meandering: Life After College.” 
People seek continuity throughout their lives. Little reminders of the past lives they inhabited. A connection, to a different time.
Does my mind ever drift and wander to far away places from long ago? If it did would it even matter? Sometimes I'm not even sure.
Just made the mistake of going through all my old pictures of my cat. Damn I need my cat here. 
I'm going to make a comedy about my love life, it will be titled: Sore Wrist
@gargiulos quite a few actually! So much to do in Bushwick
The best way to find a good date night place is to go out alone #singlesproject
Via @nprnews: 'Birdman' Tracks A Comeback In (Seemingly) One Long Take 
@OliviaEsterkamp that's our Olivia!!!!
@OliviaEsterkamp where you want to go. Btw what are you majoring in?
@OliviaEsterkamp 
This weather makes me what to go upstate and pick a pumpkin, makes me feel like a white girl.
Mama Mia so many great looking women in this city. Tinder is a paradise of new adventure.
"I can't be a coward if I want to make things right."
This thought crossed my mind the other day after something occurred which was most odd and peculiar.
@OliviaEsterkamp @GirlfriendNotes @e_ehlen2 #yesallmermaids
Me around women 
They taste like paper but cost 99 cents THE SAVINGS TASTES SO GOOD 
The worst part about a shot is feeling the chemicals go thru your veins.
Special thanks to @kmatousek for taking me along to see @fleetwoodmac this weekend. That concert was incredible.
Make new friends but keep the old, one is Ag and the other is, Au.
When I get home and my cat isn't there it makes me a sadddd panda
No sir, I don't want to see what you're hiding in your magic crotchbox.
I get the day off to celebrate Manifest Destiny!!! #ColumbusDay
Showing a bunch of Europeans around Brooklyn makes me feel like an ambassador to the world.
Not going to homecoming because honestly, I don't if I'm ready to see Athens again; oh and I'm too fucking broke and busy too.
I think it's about time I tried dating again.
After hearing Jerry Seinfeld talk about TM I think I am going to give it a shot. Good mental wellbeing is hard to come by.
OkCupid more like OkStupid you really think you're gonna meet somebody on a free online dating site.
I write jokes for my internship, check em out! Thumb em up, or tell me I suck, at least your reading them 
Had a dream last night I held my cat again and now I just want him here.
Using only a Blackberry while wearing a suit is starting to make me feel like a boring old man.
@RealMEsterkamp 
Whats up twitter
@RealMEsterkamp yah getting turnt?
@RealMEsterkamp Happy 21st little bro!
Try working a full time job while being homeless.
#Twitterversary 2 years and I still never know to tweet
Been here for a month and still living out of suitcase. #dalife
People puking on the subway while children sit and scream. Man I puked the wrong car to ride in.
There are still moments were the realization hits me "holy shit, you live in NYC" I actually did it. I've lived a very lucky life.
Wearing a suit while trying to use camera equipment is a recipe for disaster #rippedmypants
Yesterday I had to get up at 5am, tomorrow 4am. Soon enough I won't even need to sleep
How many times can I get lost in a day?
I am living like a king but feeling like a vagabond.
I deleted my Facebook and yet still I have more friends than followers. #twitterfail
I solemnly swear to stop using twitter in sporadic bursts of tweet tweet.
I think people in Bushwick secretly judge me when I'm wearing a suit.
The L train is simultaneously the best and worst line in NYC.
Follow your dreams, unless they're in oncoming traffic.
I want to see @McConaughey playing Bill Clinton saying "Alright, alright, alright".
@aspiringauteur it's the only way I take my chickens #buckbuck
If you shake a pregnant chicken, it's eggs come out scrambled.
I had a wind breaker, but it quit working. Now all I have is a wind fixer.
I cannot recommend enough just going for it. It's terrifying, stressful and totally worth it. Only you can start your life.
#EverySimpsonsEver is perfect to catch up on all the years I spent not watching The Simpsons
Back in Ohio for a hot second.
The first time in 4 years I won't be living in Athens Ohio #weird
Take a moment to appreciate all the things you don't have: Herpes, Ebola, Massive Credit Card debt.
Give up on finding someone and you will learn to love, cherish and appreciate the value of your own company. Good friends are all you need
fra_troiani's photo 
But for real, you never know who around you is battling serious depression. It's a very hard thing to escape from. It's a vicious cycle.
I only hope Robin Williams did not die the same way David Carradine did. If so, I hope he at least blew his load. #blueballstothegrave
Robin Williams is a very real reminder of the comedian's curse.
I once read a study that comedians are actually some of the saddest people in the world. #RIPRobin
When everything is lost, a sudden random wave of good fortune happens. In the last ten days this has happen more times than I can count.
@jtkamp *off
My guilty childhood pleasure was: watching Titanic more times than I can count. Hehehe #Boyhood 
When I was 6 I wanted to be an actor. #Boyhood 
For a long time I was a taker. But things are better when you build a life for yourself, instead of leeching of others. #johnthebuilder
1 year ago I was on top of the world and I was too blind and pretentious to see it.
What would you rather be a part of; A Rat's Nest or A Rat Race?
I wonder if a block of cheese is GRATEFUL it hasn't been shredded.
I wonder if cows enjoy having their utters motorboated? #gotmilk
"And we'll never be Royals" should be the new motto for house Stark. #Lorde #GOT #GameOfThrones
If you ever feel like everyone is smarter than you remember this;  Andy Warhol had an IQ of 85 #stupidisthenewsmart #gomakeacanmural
Close your eyes and feel the cool mist on your face,  open them to realize it's a homeless guy pissing in a fan #rkelly'd
Why do some people make the whole making friends and being social thing look so easy? I feel like it takes all my energy just to say hi.
This city sucks you in, tears you down til you're nothing, then builds you back up #onedayatatime
@JTEsterkamp shut up
That awkward moment a girl catches you staring at her elbows while you lick your lips because they are chapped.
If you ever run into an epileptic pig, NEVER ask that bacon what's shakin. They're very sensitive to those type of questions.
Trying to adopt a feral cat after 1 week here #iprobablyshouldntdothis
The Lower East Side is my favorite neighborhood in Manhattan.
#thebarcade is the greatest place for anyone who enjoys (or ends up) drinking alone
Why do people peer down the subway tunnel when the train is still 8 minutes away, do they expect it to magically transcend space &amp; time?
@OliviaEsterkamp neither were mom &amp; dad <FACE WITHOUT MOUTH>
Really pumped to know I will get to see @st_vincent and @sanferminband tomorrow, absolutely free. Don't worry, I'll leave a tip.
Oh look at me I'm JT, with my super serious profile pics, totally motivational tweets and insightful revealing Facebook statuses. #NoRubber
Fancy NY cuisine = McDonald's Value Menu.
On top the world! 
There are many moments, decisions and things from the last year I wish I could take back/do over again.

Oh well. #crapédámne
Diggin on Jenny Slate and #obviouschild
Boyhood was such a strange and surreal experience. It's literally a time capsule in the form of film.
I never knew one place could have so many beautiful women.
<AIRPLANE>
@RealMEsterkamp I worship satan
@DepressedDarth Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
Nothing worth having comes easy.
…...Good luck! And let us beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great
and noble undertaking.
….hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you….
You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have
striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The….
Truth 
I sometimes play a game where I pretend what it would be like if I were paralyzed. #beinparalyzedwouldsux
Nothing like getting strep throat at the absolute worst time possible.
"What makes life mean something is a purpose, a goal, the battle, the struggle" 
Seeing I'm the same height as Frank Sinatra gives gives me great hope for all I may do #iknowImweird
The Many Philosophies of Game of Thrones: 
The highlight of my weekend was passing out on a front porch with 4 other people while waiting for 4am D.P. Dough. #LyfeIsDope
Let's smoke cigarettes and watch French films
This is the first time I have been consistently clean shaven in over a year.
She was easy to love, he was not.
If you think it might've happened, it never happened.
I'm going to miss my little cousins, very grateful for having such a supportive and loving family #blessed
There were once mice who believed there were no cats in America. #catsoftwitter
I cannot lie, I am an avid fan of the blood of Christ.
You know you're in Ohio when location services says you're in Ohio.
I'm really tired of America films, and Netflix got rid off all their good foreign ones.
We are the generation which never asks "Just because we can, should we?"
I hope I can get to the point where I can think of Athens Ohio and not feel a wave of dread.
My college experience: 4/10. Shitty times in college prepare a person for the life ahead
The Immigrant 3/5
Tiny Furniture: 2/5
Frances Ha: 4/5
Life itself: 5/5  2 thumbs up
City of God: 5/5
The Master: 3/5
Blue Valentine: 2/5
There is only one god and his name is death, and what do we say to death? 

Not today.
I don't like it when aliens abduct me. 

Unless they buy me dinner first.
Relationships are like Lamborghini's; you can be perfectly happy without one, until someone flaunts theirs right in your face.
Cartoons were way darker in the 80's
They be like 
Wake up Bix
Every girls reaction to James Garner's death "Omg that old guy from The Notebook died"
But people don't always want a happy ending.
Why do people love horror movies? Because American cinema is plagued by one indistinguishable truth; we crave a happy ending.
German Shepard: fiercely loyal. Golden Retriever: kind, eyes of Gene Kelly. Husky: Masculine and classic #onlybreedsiwouldadopt
@prespierce Lincoln is the one who preserved the Union, 'twas he who cleaned the mess you, Buchanan and Fillmore created
If you went to catholic school then no matter what you believe; the catholic will never leave you. #lapsedcatholic
Rosebud
What up James Garfield, you were President for 200 days before someone shot you through the stomach #luckyohiopresidents
Shoutout to my main man Franklin Pierce for his weak domestic polices which directly led to the the Civil War #frankdatank
Wouldn't it have been a lot more interesting if the pills from the Matrix were suppositories
A direct quote from Andrew Catson aka "Old Nippy" <GRINNING CAT FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 13th president of Catland: "The only good dog is a dead dog" <GRINNING CAT FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
How I feel when browsing for jobs in New York and LA 
There is perhaps no greater motivation in life than having a shitty ass job.
@CourtneyMiho Shrek rawdawgs it, so yes you can #runoff #ectopicpregnancy
@CourtneyMiho how do you think I was born
@CourtneyMiho Suddenly....Shrek enters
Iէ მll ʂօօղ ჩεցἶղʂ, օղlყ მ բօɾէղἶցհէ'ʂ էἶოε.
What makes you different from the person next to you? Nothing. Every snowflake has one thing in common, they're all unique.
Just watched Life Itself <LOUDLY CRYING FACE> @ebertchicago
Listening to a film's score is like watching a movie through music #GrandBudapestHotel
Shoutout to my biggest fans 
He who lifts, doesn't even.
Sticks and stones can break my bones, but smallpox will probably kill me.
иєνєя fσяgєт ує fяιєи∂ѕ, fσя тнєу αяє тнє σиєѕ ωнσ ѕнαℓℓ ѕανє уσυ
Brofession: I used to think popping the collar of my pink shirt made me cool, little did I know I had contracted douchebagitus
Confession: I've never been to a concert in my entire life (the ones I filmed don't count)
&gt;Hanging out with parents 
&gt;Mom &amp; Dad look at me
&gt;Rip off their skin
&gt;They're aliens 
&gt;Go to their ship 
&gt;They leave
&gt;Faptime
#truestory
If you flap your arms hard enough, you'll look like an idiot #DreamsDoComeTrue
It wasn't the guns or the planes, twas beauty killed the beast. 

She had chlaymidia #kingdong
Tumblr and 4chan both have they're heads so far up their asses that they don't realize they're perfect for eachother.
Fact: men are 4 times as likely to commit suicide as women, but women attempt it more; so much for men being afraid of commitment.
Richard Kimble "I'm gonna go out on a limb and say the one armed man did it"
This is looking to be one of the most competitive Emmys we've seen in years.
The child inside us never dies; it just contracts typhoid fever and becomes a miserable cynical bastard.
If you think it's funny to constantly sneak up and startle people, then we should probably be friends.
Smoker in denial: "I'm not addicted to nicotine, I just have an oral fixation!"
To you good people I'm known as J.T. Esterkamp but at FedEx I'm John Eastercamp #secretidentity #notmuchlonger
Had my first prostate exam today #lifechangingmoment
This homeless guy has had his eyes open for 20 minutes and maggots crawling on his skin. He's definitely getting $5 #commitment
(Attractive girl walks by) 

*Put cell phone to my ear and start meowing* 

#catcall
Seinfeld Emoji Are Real, and They're Spectacular 
I would always bring a camera to parties and photograph people. Girls would always get mad and scream "I'M IN THIS BATHROOM!!" #unfriendly

John Adams and Thomas Jefferson dying on the same day = coolest 4th of July fact.
The only way to grow as a person is to step outside your comfort zone.
One of my great grandparents had relatives from Scotland, which explains the red in my beard.
Tick tock
I could not have asked for a better cat, Rodney is the best
@CourtneyMiho 
LA Has Been Dethroned As The Top Place To Film TV Shows — Here's Why 
Did you here about the 22 year old woman who looks like she's 2 years old? Apparently women everywhere are asking her "What's your secret?"
Soon I will be living on nothing but twinkies and discount potato chips.
Life lesson #72: Any all conflicts or disputes may settled via the mythical properties of pizza. #buyyourenemiespizza
My job is like a real life, less fun version of Tetris.
Lead pipes make the best bats for uraniumball.
Why It's Incredibly Important To Learn To Laugh At Yourself 
Bad Idea: Naming your kid Molly.
Woman's greatest dream: Man who always remembers. 

Man's worst nightmare: Woman who never forgets.
There are vicious gangs of geese terrorizing this great nation of ours and nobody seems to give a damn #quackpack
Basketweaving
Chair
Pringles
Feeling good about this internship interview #fingerscrossed
Why isn't Gary Busey in this cheesy UFO documentary?
Did cavemen live with dinosaurs? If so did they get along as roommates?
Everything comes full circle
And it just keeps getting sadder
This is shaping up to be the saddest episode of Mad Men yet
Turn seriously just quoted @BreakingBad_AMC "Tread Lightly"
It's about time I saw Grand Budapest Hotel
@UnitedNerds ADMITTING IS THE FIRST STEP
Rodney has the eyes of Sauron 
@UnitedNerds Stay away from that Mountain Dew PJ. Dew=Death.
The Iranian chick kisses the guy on the cheek at Cannes and now her country wants to flog her. That is really dumb. #yadingus
Rodney doesn't run, he scurries #scardycat
@UnitedNerds go to bartending school. Then open a bar called PJ's. Your special drink: Mountain Dew.
Watching Tiny Furniture as I continue viewing movies about being a drifting college grad.
Watching The Graduate because it seems like a relevant choice at the moment.
Getting real tired of your shit Seth McFarlane
Watching my cats "play" is the about the most entertaining happening within the 40 mile radius of my house.
3 hour time-lapse of Los Angeles traffic 
Good things come to those who wait. Now where the fuck's my Guinness?
If you want a biscuit bark like a dog.
23 in a month <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><GRIMACING FACE>
Sometimes something as simple as saying a name can make you smile.
Poppy is the world's oldest cat at 24 (that's 114 in human years) 
Maybe it's time I went to bartending school
Littlefinger doesn't fuck around #GameOfThrones
"Nothing isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just nothing." #GameOfThrones
My Way playing and Don pointing it out? #foreshadowing
If my Dad was Pete I'd be scared to get near him too.
Mad Men utilizes body language better than any other show I've seen. It's subtle yet speaks volumes to what's happening in the scene.
Peggy's come a long way
Lou is such an old prick.
An exclusive screenshot from the new AMC show; Turnt. 
If Game of Thrones were made in the 90's: 
That awkward moment you lick the hot stove because you're a sleepwalker who has dreams about being king of the bumble bees.
Game of Thrones and Mad Men tonight, Sunday is great a night for TV.
:) The Best of Office Bloopers: 
I'm afraid because there is no set plan, but then again, regret is much worse of a thing to live with.
Looking for the perfect partner? Forget romantic dates, just ask the order they were born in their ... 
“@medaMenHumor: Word of advice: Never trust a person who doesn't like dogs.” This tweet is total bullshit. Dogs are vicious beasts.
Leave me no choice but to plot my revenge.
If you're the oldest child like me remember this: your parents spent half of their twenties in the 90's.
California Chrome wins the #Preakness will this be the year we finally see a triple crown winner? #Preakness2014 #CaliforniaChrome
Godzilla fights a giant moth: this movie in a nutshell
Yea this is the definitely the kind of movie you get drunk to.
And the version in Netflix is the English dub, great......<NEUTRAL FACE>
Giving Godzilla vs Mothra a go, it's considered by many to be the "best" Godzilla film.
Used the survival skills I learned in college to cook up some sausage and ramen #collegelifeskills
I read that on the internet so it's probably true, but there's only 50/50 chance of that.
Most ramen noodles begin their lives as the broken soul's of tiny children from Detroit.
If I can stop drinking soda I can quit getting dessert.
Lauren Bacall was a babe back in the day. #cateyes
Fear is the greatest inhibitor, fear is the greatest motivator.
I could've had it all, but I was too afraid to take it. #spooky
Neighbors is not a good choice if you are a recent college grad #iamnotamalum
Tryin to get on as a PA for this Don Cheadle, Miles Davis biopic.
Sometimes I feel like I'm taking the same photo over and over again, it's like some vicious repetitive cycle I can never escape.
No amount of green filters can hide how much the matrix sequels suck.
Things don't fall in your lap. Nothing worth having comes easy, you gotta fight, sweat, bleed, even die for your dreams.
Im ready gonna spend it all living on a couch, and every moment will be incredible.
Been having some really vivid dreams lately.
Another week of running begins.
Life slows down a lot once college ends.
The clock on the freshness of my degree continues to tick.
Hoping to get some awesome astrophotography this weekend #ohwaititscloudy
Walking by  middle school recess and knowing that was you 10 years ago #weird
Run you crazy fool.
So the only real question is, how will Don take his life? #MadMen
I love trying to use crappily designed websites which don't work at all. It won't even let me sign up <NEUTRAL FACE>
Sometimes it's hard to accept you'll probably never see certain people again.
Exercise is the key to happiness. It clears the mind and soul.
Gotta keep running
Life is just a series of cycles and circles.
I need a new show to binge seeing as I'm caught up on GoT MM HoC BB and BwE
My life has turned into one giant resume &amp; cover letter
Moving forward means getting up, running fast and being persistent beyond evil.
Dreams can be a cruel place.
A true friend watches out for someone when the rest of the world has given up on them. #rogersterling #MadMen
Obama on NBA owner Donald Sterling's alleged racist comments: 
Started my first day as a non-student by hitting the ground running. No literally, I fell on the ground while running.
So many things I wished I had done differently in college. The first quarter of freshmen sets the tone for the rest of the trip
Tomorrow begins the first day of the rest of my life
Experiencing some college withdrawal. #whatislife
Left the most amazing place in the world today. I'll never forget Athens Ohio and all the incredible… 
Holy fuck!!!! I am going to miss Ohio University. I used to be a little boy, what's a boy supposed to do?
I have unprotected my tweets. Don't violate me!!!!
Chilling out with this cool cat always kills the bad vibes and stress. 
So many nights wandering from bar to bar, on the strange midnight odyssey.
I kinda wish I could go back in time and do it all again. The next chapter is unwritten, holy shit.
Is Jaime Lannister right that the best swords have names? 
Tornados are touching down all across the US. Are we next? Stay tuned for more details. details. details. details. details. details....
I want to eat ramen, but 
i'm too tired to make it. I need some applesauce, 
i have no energy to chew
EXAM= Extreme Xenogenous Asinine Malnutrition 

I havent slept at all, but this all makes sense ? Right?
Don walking back into SC&amp;P was a strangely relatable moment for me.
Seeing as I still don't have an internship and only 100ish followers, maybe it's time to unprotect my tweets.
My exam preparation is watching movies. Rolling
The floor is falling out. Things are going crazy.
@ChiIIVlbes @The_HelenKeller You forgot fat
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho a Targaryen would spout such nonsense.
@CourtneyMiho just like a Lannister to not indulge.
Binge watching a show, turns you into the show.
Anyone still in Athens, I wanna drink some wine and get turnt for Jesus #catholicprobs
It's Good Friday and all I wanna do is drink wine. #GoodFriday #JESUSISCOMINGSOON
After not eating anything all I day I found a half eaten burrito on the ground and ate it. #starvingsenior #brokecollegestudent
I want a big fat ticket for @Bonnaroo
@CourtneyMiho 
Every pizza is a personal pizza if try hard enough and believe in yourself.
@ohmylanka Dan Quayle because I always say the wrong thing at the right time.
@RealMEsterkamp 
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho That's my favorite Hitler quote
“@ClassicPict: May 24th, 1964 
Twitter isn't for real people
@CourtneyMiho 
Coffee and cigs ya dingus
Nob globs, I play cobs and roppers with my dyslexic frienbs.
More cover letters, I hate cover letters.
Even though I'm more of a New York type of guy, I wouldn't mind moving to LA. A beautiful beach and nice weather sounds pretty nice
Writing cover letters in a desperate attempt to escape from Ohio.
Franticly scrambling to figure out what the trajectory of the rest of my life shall be. #nervesshot
– Woody Allen
@CourtneyMiho 
“@medaMenHumor: When she says, "No" She means "Yes"” Seriously? (Facepalm) <THUMBS DOWN SIGN><EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
@CourtneyMiho 
#CourtneyDroppedherMathClass2014
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho 
Also fuck the Pokerap
"A woman's heart can be a very fickle thing Ash" Brock and his words of wisdom #PokemonOnNetflix #gottacatchemall
Make sure to log out next time :D Hi from Alden
As technology thrives, the imagination slowly dies
Recovery mode
English for the dingus
Reading Day = Drinking Day
@CourtneyMiho Worst direction ever hahaha
@CourtneyMiho 
The darkroom is the introvert's paradise.
@CourtneyMiho 
@CourtneyMiho 
Mid terms, mid blerns
Zzzquil and I are long overdue on a date.
Goodbye spring break
In soviet Russia, couch surf you!!!
My grandma got my me drunk. #grandmagothitbyascrewdriver
@RealMEsterkamp The Grammys were shit the moment Jethro Tull won metal album of the year. There's always politics involved in these awards
@RealMEsterkamp Instead it's always the bloated historical epics, like when Dances with Wolves beat Goodfellas for the best pic in 1990
@RealMEsterkamp This always happens with best picture, the gritty film with the relevant social commentary never wins,
@RealMEsterkamp No kidding, 12 Years A Slave has to be one of the weakest best pictures winners I've seen in years.
Why are kids so damn annoying?
It's time to purge
They're just waiting for the right moment to strike <CAT FACE WITH WRY SMILE> 
Let it go, walk away, free the burden of the thought. It was a moment, it was a second, but that moment has passed and is gone.
In fact DBC should of won best pic. 12YAS was good, but a very safe, as per usual, choice by the academy. #weakbestpicture
American Hustle, Her, Dallas Buyers Club, 12 Years a Slave and The Act of Killing. I watched them all today. DBC was my favorite.
Of course Brad Pitt casts himself as the GGG who hates slavery #typical #12YearsASlave
Benedict Cumberbatch's southern accent sounds like a mix of Dennis Quad and Harrison Ford #12YearsASlave
Is every random white celebrity in #12YearsASlave
Man that would suck to blackout and wake up in chains #12YearsASlave
MM is brilliant in DBC. He's the one who carries this movie.
Her is a sad look into how the world will be in 5 years. Everybody's gonna be depressed and introverted.
Congrats to all the winners of tonights #oscars Now I'm going t bed. I'm gonna have a nice movie marathon tomorrow.
Leo won't get his oscar til he's 60
Nothing like seeing your classmates in a google commercial
@lindshatchtag YES
@UnitedNerds Nice cameo on the commercial!
I'm humored by everyone's surprised reactions to the Oscars. I'm just like "Duh the Oscars are Bullshit!" 1990 anybody?
Haha all the composers sit together, are they some weird posse? #Oscars
Holdie Gone
Roger Ebert's passing still is the one that gets me the most <CRYING FACE>
The saddest part #Oscars
God damn, I'm loving this shot composition #Oscars2014
If Gravity wins this, I will be really pissed
@lindshatchtag I know right!? Cuarón is definitely a director with great visual imagination
In all fairness Alfonso Cuarón DID direct the best Harry Potter
Another one for Gravity, of course I'm not surprised.
Shout out to the D.P.'S!!!
Oh ellen you're so quirky with you and your pizza's
The movies take us all to a world of pure imagination. If you want to view paradise, simply look around and view it.
I love a good foreign film
I love all the movie themes they're playing
Mr Underwood...
To Kill A Mocking Bird Theme!!! #ElmerBernstien #Oscars2014
God damn look at dat sik shallow depth of field yo!

#Oscars
Emma Watson, need I say more.
Sally Field's still got it. #snowplow
Hitting your marks!! #1stac
Are we still on Novak?
Kim Novak, talk about random oscar presenter
@CourtneyMiho Only Pharrel can protect against forest fires
Pharrel's back with the smokey bear hat!
LSD and that blue blazer, yeah it all makes sense now.
Whoever is shooting this oscar is doing a beautiful job. #ruleofthirds
Did you guys see that sick OTS on Ellen, behind Meryl's shoulder. SICK YO!!!
#Oscars2014 #nobussinesslikeshowbussiness <MOVIE CAMERA><CLAPPER BOARD><WHITE MEDIUM STAR><CINEMA>
revengier......
The oscars are getting really meta. This tweet is meta, jimmy kimmel is meta. meta meta meta.
BILL MURRAY!!!
This is what she loves about live tv, can't beat it folks, until the streaker comes along.
Can a checking account fight cancer? No, but it can buy a lot of fucking chemo #homeopathic
Leto's white tux looks awesome. Nice touch on the red bowtie.
American Hustle's costume design reminds me of why the 70's were awesome. #bringbackthe70s
120 Million Dollars on Art? What is art? Can there even be a monetary value put on art? What is money to art?
Although Jennifer is also one of the most talented young actresses out there. 3 oscar noms before the age of 25 is fucking impressive
Anne Hathaway &gt; Jennifer Lawrence #unpopularopinion
OMG Jennifer Lawrence is so quirky and real, she's like a really rich and famous version of US!! HAha
Who will get the Oscar!?!? Dicaprio or McConaughey?! Stay tuned for the matchoff of the century!!! #the21stcentury #Oscars2014
Laughter is the greatest weapon. If you can make others laugh, you bring joy into their life, and in doing so, your own life as well.
Blisters turn to calluses, calluses become more calluses, and soon enough you're left with nothing but a mass of scarred flesh.
#TCMParty to get ready for these #Oscars2014 with #LawrenceofArabia
No wonder these guys got captured, all they can do is whistle. #thebridgeontheriverkwai
Something tells me 2014 will be a very, very good year. <HEART WITH ARROW> 
Dusty the Douche. Seems like I'm remembering something new everyday.
Before I knew it, I was standing next to Claire Underwood.
Must finish these internship applications.....
"Jesus, Rachel. This is it. This is all there is, and I feel like it's slipping through my fingers like a handful of sand."
The 6th floor of Glidden is a magical place. #music
Because of my fear, you had to act alongside a Longfellow. What if that Longfellow had been me? <MAN> #JuanPablo
What's the reason for treason? Dominos pizza of course!!
Lenny Bruce = Socrates 
George Carlin = Plato 
@louisck = Aristotle 
Standup comics are prophets of truth
Everyday I hope we run into each other.
If I am Don, then you are Megan. #madmen
Fulfillment is the key to the finding happiness. When we feel unfulfilled we lose our sense of purpose.
Holy shit!! Harold Ramis died! #haroldramis
I have a house but I need a home.

#actor #actress #acting #auditi…
@LoganAPaul So ready for fest season #highfest #palmerfest #millfest ##fest

Remembering Steve Jobs, who would have turned 59 today 
I have to fix this. I just don't know how to. Too much is at stake. #steak
Being reminded of things from nearly a decade ago.
Music that makes you feel like your touching the face of god.
Ohio by Patty Griffin
Being told I'm afraid and realizing it's totally true.
Asking for the truth. Getting a deflection as an answer.
"I only smoke when I'm drunk and stressed"
Bumming a Lucky Strike
A pair of feline eyes
If a woman reads you like a book I find it's best to show her all the pages.
Quoting Frank Underwood
Being sung Hey Jude by a choir of angels
Being honest when I should've lied.
Sharing a mutual distaste for the same place.
Telling a friend they're a weasel, even though I am too.
Seeing a black cat run from the dance floor the moment they saw me
"I feel like we share this unspoken connection"
Losing my memory every 15 minutes
Getting in a fight/wrestling match
Smiling like there was nothing different in my appearance.
Until I killed it
Being the life of the party
Crying on a sidewalk quoting Bon Iver
You get an A+ in my book
Valentines day 2005
"Because I have trouble emotionally expressing myself ok!"
Forgetting it all for almost a month
Blacking out at the 11th stroke of midnight
Being offered the chance of a lifetime and foolishly rejecting it
Pointing a gun to a pair of terrified eyes and then to my own head.
Names aren't important.
You're just a good guy who's going through a rough time
Breaking a glass in the middle of the street.
Swing dancing to the Angry Birds theme song.
#tweetyourlockscreen 
@OU_Confessions I've been there before. Just keep pushing, things can and do get better.
Filmmaking fulfills me completely...almost, so close to almost.
Acting is an exhilarating yet terrifying process.
I could fall asleep on a concrete sidewalk and it would still feel like a cloud. #sleepdeprived #48hourshootout
At the edge of the dock I stand, staring at the green light, far off in the distance.
Holy fuck the hocking river is high. #stonedriver
"I don't want us to disappear from eachothers lives and we never see eachother again"
Thinking about Shootout is making sleep impossible. This is what I live for. #thedreamisalive #48hourshootout
Being a producer means getting no sleep. Being an actor means you need to sleep. #48hourshootout
A sweet smile, an innocent blush, a heart pounding rush, this is more than just lust. #hellhathnofurylikethatofahispanicwomansscorn
Prop, Genre, Line of Dialogue. It's weird to think this is my last shootout. Now I need to figure out what comes after college.
English...more like Dinglish. Today we're learning about Mary Shnellby and Flankenstien, brooks are broring #yadingus #watchamovie
@RealMEsterkamp 
Don't ya hate when you look at someone and all you can see is somebody else.
@UnitedNerds do your dreams put out?
Looking forward to shootout tomorrow. Filmmaking always takes my mind off all the troubles and tribulations going on in life.
"A heart can choke the mind when all its blood flows back into itself." #houseofcards #hoc #HouseOfCardsSeason2 
Trying to figure out the mystery of one night can drive a man insane. #2014 #justkeepswimming #Resolutions #somethingoutofamovie
@OU_Confessions 
Everytime I come home. #catslovethesweater #sweaterweather #cats #wool 
I will raise an army of hamsters to overtake the school. They will be paid in used toilet paper rolls.
I love this movie 
It's strong and it's sudden and it's cruel sometimes,  But it might just save your life,  That's the power of love
#Hoc knows how to change up the tv threesome #fluidity #breakthebinary #refreshing #sexisex #loveiswhatcounts
After a long day, nothing helps you recharge more than holding a cat #lowersthebloodpressure #curestheblues #cat #catman
This reminds me of all the beautiful things in my life, it's elation of the soul 
When I was little I wanted to be a star, but they don't make rockets that go that far. #lightyearsaway
For all the friends should've made; only myself I have to blame.
My shyness will lead to my downfall #theonlytofearisfearitself #Regrets
New site is looking sweet 
The guy sitting across from me is watching Live Leak in public. #thiswillendwell
Here you are the perfect study music 
Perfect gif to describe my life 
I'm already through with these spotify ads.
What a sombering truth 
Love is the Drug #thejazzage
This is driving me crazy. Nothing about it feels hazy.
Chapter 17 of #HOC ....holy shit.
Frank Underwood = Lyndon Johnson #HouseOfCards
Blackouts are like old undeveloped film. Once you add those chemicals the picture fades back into memory.<REVOLVING HEARTS>*(<BEER MUG>+<PILL>)=<FLUSHED FACE><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><PARTY POPPER><MICROPHONE><DANCER><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><NEUTRAL FACE><PISTOL><SMOKING SYMBOL><DISAPPOINTED FACE><WHITE SMILING FACE>️<KISS MARK><GROWING HEART><POUTING FACE><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><SLEEPING FACE>
My English teacher looks like he blew so much coke in the 70's. #stayinalive #saturdayenglishfever
Went to the bar with an eyepatch &amp; USSR shirt. #ijustdontcareanymore #happybelatedvalintinesday… 
I hate you, god daminit I hate you so much.
St Valentine you are a true asshole. #fuckthisday
House of Cards, House of Cards, House of Cards, house of Cards <GRIMACING FACE>
@HuffingtonPost I am a living testament that this isn't always true.
This is pretty goddamn awesome. This guy gets it 
Alienating myself from everyone is like destroying a house of cards. The world of socializing is so fragile.
Film development 
When you blackout and scream at everyone you call it a bad night. The 4th time it happens means you've got a problem.
February is the month of tame impala and shifting colors #3rdtimesthecharm
Data recovery is such a sweet bitch. #Ineedthesefiles
Social network purging becomes a source of relaxation and relief.
If you snort 9 lines of adderall, you're gonna have a bad time.
Friday the 14th, the day of true horrors. <GHOST><HEART WITH RIBBON><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO><FIRE><PILE OF POO>
Gettin #turnt for Sibz weekend 
Any of me Athens Holmes wanna still, WATSON style yo!! #postsecondaryeducationmydearwatson
February = No Social Life
Off I go to develop film, hopefully I won't botch this a 2nd time.
Everyday feels like the edge of a panic attack. But it's ok, I've already been to the edge and back.
You can't deny the prize it may never fulfill you.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Hold on. If love is the answer you're home
It's not about how I look. It's about those who were harmed, and belittled by hasty actions
I'm glad I did it, but I don't feel better. #sameshouldersdifferrentload
What 2000 tickets gets you at Dave and Busters #mixer #tickets #happynewyear 
Nothing like a little David Lynch surrealism. #theelephantman #davidlynch #surrealist 
Best Christmas gift ever. #cardsagainsthumanity 
Selfie with me Christmas cuz. 
Even reading isn't helpings insomnia #nosleep
Must. Clean. Room.
Spent this fine evening filming a flash mob wedding proposal #InstaSize #werk 
Science says cuddling with your cat relieves a hangover. #sciencerules #wherethefuckaremyglasses… 
Assassin's Creed 4 lets you be a pirate AND assassin. Best pirate game ever.
Miles Davis massage my brain please. #skeetbatdoodat
#transformationtuesday #yolo 
Oh deer. #deer #fall #dusk 
The moustache: nature's vaginal repellent.
Colonel Sanders loves his southern comfort. #halloween 

Sounds tasty. #foodporn #dictionary #yum #sob #stew 
Life's tough for a cat. 
TLC? More like Ripley's Believe It or Not?! #amiright
Just another fall day. #fall #cat #biketrail 
The worst part is the unknown.
♫ I'm listening to "Pretty Green Mash (Bottom Dollar String ..." by @whitedenimmusic 
Man &amp; Cat. #cat #animal #pet 
Cat String Theory. #video #cat 
Long live the king.
#collegegreen #ou #athens #fall #wakemeupwhenseptemberends 
Rarely does our outward appearance match the inward perception of ourselves. 
@CMFNFeedback heard you're shooting a movie in Lebanon Oh, my hometown!! Here's my reel if you need a PA 
Ya ever feel like a ghost, just going float, float, float.
@theunionbarohio  likes to lie about what time it is.
Liquor pitchers is the best way to enjoy a Wednesday evening.
Autocorrect, forcing iPhone users to recheck their messages since 2007.
It's finally here #gtav 
Requiem for a Dream is dangerously addictive.
@PeterVilardi nah, it's for the breakaway music festival in Columbus.
@kendricklamar I'm filming you're concert for the 2nd time this year. #imatthecrane
They grow up so fast. #tbt #cat #beforeandafter #kitten #kitty 
15 part series on film, yes. 
Yes, you just died of cuteness. #cat #kitten #kitty #pets #animals #cute #cuteness #pet #animal #cuteness 
I need a poster of this. #stevejobs 
The old man playing fiddle on Court St is the saddest looking person I've ever met.
Just posted a photo 
#whydoblackpeople  
#toopoorforanythingelse 
@ShawnJosephHunt yeah, you probably contributed 35%
Filming events is the best, passion trumps everything. #marriedtothejob
“@HuffingtonPost: Aww: JT stops press tour to give brain surgery survivor best gift ever 
“@Stage32online: My overwhelming gratitude to the great JT for having me as a guest today on @BrandTalkRadio - An honor.” Your welcome
Standing outside Bentley with a Soviet Union shirt on is the greatest thing ever.
Tomorrow I find out my fate, if things go well I could be done with school by Christmas. #whoa #earlygrad?
@kmatousek put in a good word for me yo. Don't make me call Mista White <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
@kmatousek like a sexy avocado who just got his beads at Marti Gras
@kmatousek how's it feel to of personally witnessed twerkistory?
If I had wooden stumps for legs I'd be deathly afraid of chainsaws.
#BadStripClubNames Scratchy's
So this dude goes to OU.  
@ShawnJosephHunt where you at man?
9 group of freshmen #movieinweekendstereotypes
Does anyone know places to get free food this weekend? #starvingsenior
#throwback to move in weekend my freshmen year. #tbt #throwbackthursday #freshmen #college 
Feline's arch nemesis. #cat #spraybottle #kitten #pets 
@DemetriMartin Standup Comedian has me in tears right now.
Shout out to my homies on Court St sporting the orange. #thugsforlife
Mustache moment #mustache #frenchy #uhm 
What a combo. #robertdeniro #martinscorsese #film #actor #director #taxidriver #ragingbull #goodfellas… 
So much purple!!!!! #BreakingBad
#ThingsGirlsDoThatGuysHate whisper to each other and laugh while glancing over at you. Talk about paranoia.
Boredom overtook me. 
“@Slate: Why @Cracked Is the Only Site That Gets Listicles Right: 
@JackieosBrewery your IPA makes me tweet like crazy #drunktweets
@tomhanks your new signoff thanx from Hanx
@lenadunham for the next season of @girlsHBO Hannah should become a meth dealing advertiser #success
@StephenAtHome I only have 85 followers. I need the Colbert bump!!!
Thanks for the new site @lindsaylohan. You're always be Cady Heron in my <HEAVY BLACK HEART>. #drunktweets
Close your eyes and pretend you're in bed with @Cloris_Leachman. Weird sight right? #drunktweets
#drunktweetsbyjt
Just don't be the cockroach who gets stuck stranded all alone. Cause nothing's worse than a lonely roach.
Freshmen year we are all cockroach's scuttling in the dark. Sophomore year somebody turns the lights on. And we scatter!
The first sign of being an alcoholic is drinking alone. I have a cat, so I'm good.
#howto be a cow 
Just doin some shooting. #cremedia #innovationengine #ohiouniversity #summerinathens @ Ohio University… 
@mrboyle72 we've all been there man. I'm white though, so I've never been great at getting rebounds. #sportsanalogies
@RollingStone people don't realize this a good thing!! Remember the last time this happened?
@ariannahuff it's a good thing you kept your ex-husband's surname. The Stassinopoulos Post doesn't flow off the tounge as well.
#tbt 48 hourshoot filming The Funkmaster #throwbackthursday #film #filmmaking #ohiouniversity #throwback 
@brookeebunce everyday I worked there <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE><PISTOL>
#WhySomePeopleAreDemocrats Because Libertarianism isn't a reliable outlet for winning elections. GOP is run buy nutjobs.
"Listen, you fuckers, you screwheads. Here is a man who would not take it anymore. A man who stood up… 
Gus Fring and the Methmakers #BreakingBadBands
The best part of having 85 followers? I can say whatever I want. IM A TRANSEXUAL ESKIMO SEARCHIN FOR MY POLAR BEAR
#howto #belike #belikevines 
#howto lose a staring contest 
Rusty lined Playbook #lesserfilms
This is a bored film kid. 
NYC Vines &gt; LA Vines
Alright it's 2pm. Bout time I put some pants on.
Repost from Mr Jake Bowman's Facebook. Me as Snat for an ACRN shoot airing on MTVu! #mtvu #acrn… 
#howto not vine like an idiot. #continutityerrors #eyeline #cinematicgarbage 
If you're having trouble standing in the deep end of the pool, do what I do #treadlightly
#stopandfrisk tisk tisk tisk.
“@HuffPostWeird: Reported furry accused of sex with cat 
Kitty can't stay awake: 
I'm only watching #LowWinterSun to see the sneak peek for next week's #BreakingBad
Ok I seriously thought the main character in #LowWinterSun was Stanley Tucci. #MindBlown
This season is gonna be nuts. #BreakingBad
This hobo reminds me of Back to the Future #BreakingBad
Jesse knows. #BreakingBad
Here are some screenshots from a short film I DP'ed for in May. It'll be online sometime later this… 
Tonight we witness the beginning of the end of TV history. #BreakingBad
#ThingsImAddictedTo Cigarettes and Movies. Guess they go hand in hand<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> <SMOKING SYMBOL><MOVIE CAMERA>
Interesting new read. Easy Riders, Raging Bulls: How the Sex, Drugs and Rock'n'Roll Generation Saved… 
#buddism 
#howto advertise 
Wtf? 
#ConfessYourUnpopularOpinion if you start a post with "be like" I assume you're in 7th grade.
Don't ya hate when this happens 
@cracked this is good news. The same thing happened in the 60's. What came of that? The Best decade in film history. #1970s
@whitedenimmusic and @tameimpala  touring together? That's like 70% of what I usually listen to right there.
Typical #catinbox 
#1letterwrongmovie Star Cars
#party 
My whole frickin life. 
Onitsuka Tigers, the perfect shoe for a video production major. #beforeandafter #shoe #asics @ Fort… 
#YouDontKnowWhatStruggleIsIf you own an Apple product.
What day of the week is it?=My current state of mind.
#howto childbirth 
@aspiringauteur day 87 without Internet: Staring at the wall has become an engaging pastime. 3G is my only link to anything.
#girlslikeitwhen you let her finish first.<FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND TIGHTLY-C><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E><SMOKING SYMBOL><SLEEPING FACE><CANCER>
“@GhaffarH: IQ positively correlated to liberalism, atheism and sexual exclusivity in men - 
#ThingsYouMightHearALiberalSay I believe in god and evolution. I only mind the parts of the bible convenient to my beliefs.
In Russia Whistle Blows You!! Wait....what?
— John Gielgud
#howto be a creepy cat man 
Athens is very chill in the summer but also very boring. #staringatthewall
#howto piss of your #cats 
#howto vine like a cokehead 
#MumforandSons #jameson 
#howto sunroof 
#wasp 
Senior year of high school to senior year of college. This pose was as horrible then as it is now.… 
Wild night #pus 
Is it me or are 90% of @BuzzFeed stories told with Gifs not funny at all?
#howto drive alone 
My next haircut: JFK style
#howto annoy Olivia Esterkamp #timanderic 
#howto b beautiful Olivia Esterkamp 
John Esterkamp: profile of a man 
Dynamic camera 
#InstaSize @ The Conch Grill &amp; Raw Bar 
Breaking Brownies 
#baldeagle #animal @ SeaWorld Orlando 
#seaworld @ SeaWorld Orlando 
#WhatPeopleDontRealize is the fact we have no 1st hand accounts of Jesus Christ's existence. #religionisascam #Atheist
#thankyouonedirectionfor thinking you're the next Beatles or something. I always enjoy a good laugh.
Just gotta chill #InstaSize #beach #aspectratio #crop #trees #ocean #skies #flordia @ Redington Shores 
#NationalTellAGirlSheIsBeautifulDay does not mean complimenting girls on their looks = a good pickup strategy.
#YoureMoreAttractiveIf you've got a nice prime lens. I can't handle the ladies with the kit lenses. #respectyoAperture
I'll be a crazy cat man when I'm old. #cat #kitten 
I'm happy I finally found work again. This whole waking up at 5pm thing, got a little annoying.
Nothing says stomach cancer like Ramen and Spam!!!
Back when I had flowing locks of hair. #tbt #throwback #fall #me #2012 
@OliviaEsterkamp you better get listening. 2 year headstart!! I recommend Dirty Projectors and Grizzly Bear 
#InComingFreshmanAdvice If you want alcohol find a starving senior. Your meal plan is your only leverage.
My Kitten loves watchin Tv shows. #cats #boardwalkempire 
Adaptation is the perfect insight into the mind of a writer.
Plaque for doing video thingy. 
#howto vine #cats 
Eraserhead is the oddest film I've ever seen.
The ultimate source of weird humor #HarrisCamera #timanderic #awesomeshow #greatjob #adultswim #antihumor 
#InCincinnati if you want a threeway, you get a plate full of chili.
#howto avant garde 
Yeah but he sounds just like Wallace Shawn! (@YouTube 
Instagram of an Instagram of my Grandparents in the 60's. 
I'm the quiet guy with a kitten, in a room full of dog people.
Facebook is a blackhole, to which I lose my life.
#IWishICould just find a job already #ihatebeingbroke
Flowa 
Cat or Rat? 
I liked a @YouTube video from @danahrens 
Could this dude be any more spacey. 
Teaching my kitten to be a parrot. #ar #polywannacracker 
#Howto #filmmaking Olivia Esterkamp, Matt Esterkamp 
Fix your ac bro 
Good morning. #sunrise #cat #hefe 
Tips for chef Ali @ Ali Baba's Gyros 
Dave Robinson #dj #party #music #ohiouniversity #athensohio #summerinathens #dslr #fun 
Dj and rapper 
OU oh yeah #summerinathens 
“@HuffingtonPost: Cosmo will cover more politics, editor announces 
I usually talk to my cat in a British or Scottish accent. I don't think he likes it.
Kitty plays with the camera. 
Hello Instagram video #tameimpala #feelslikeweonlygobackwards #video #instavid #music #singing 
Athens Ohio unemployment is frickin ridiculous. #hireme #athens #ohio
#MyLifeWouldBeCompleteIf I could land a sick internship in NYC or LA.
Just #me 
Howto #birthday22 
The only thing I really want for my birthday is this smokin hot babe. #wcw #womancrushWednesday #babe… 
#InstaSize #olddays #nashville 
#HarrisCamera #eyeofthemorning #red #green #blue #tameimpala #grizzlybear #beatles #pinkflyod @ The… 
The woods of Appalachia are quite peaceful. 
Femme Fatale 
“@HuffingtonPost: America is falling shot on college grads 
#letsmakeitawkward by bucking like a chicken down the street. #buckbuck
Sunset 
This area's got some beautiful sights. 
I'm #singlebecause I've got herpes and syphilis #likeaboss
#WhatMakesMeMad when people walk on the left side of the sidewalk. #rulesoftheroad #exceptforengland
#MyFirstTimeBeingHigh I got on top of my friend's dresser and barked like a dog #truestory
Back when I was a sexy ladies man. #tbt #throwbackthursday #pumpkin #pimp #nerdy #realnerd 
Me doing standup for the first time. Hard to believe its already been 6 months! 
Strouds before that deruche storm thingy 
Does Athens county 33% poverty rate include college students? Cause I'm contributing #noimnotpoor
Fireflies #bugs #firefly #lightningbug #longexposure #dslr #t2i #canon #nature #night #cool #instagood… 
#GrowingUpIBelieved sugar was just a mixture of salt and pepper. That's probably why my cereal was so nasty....
Le Director 
Night shooting @ Strouds Beach 
Super Smash Bros will be 40% of Nintendo's revenue in 2014. #wiiuthenextdreamcast
I phone app thingy 
#SheMightBeTooYoungForYouIf she never remembers not having internet.

#gangsofnewyork 
Does anyone have a gram of #swag or an ounce of #yolo ? I'm fresh out.
Autoshow on Court St 
No shame right? <SMIRKING FACE> 
I tried jogging but never had the time. #sprintallstar
Happy National Doughnut Day! Quickly, loot all the stores in town while the cops are distracted!
Panorama fail from that time we made that movie in Nashville. Note the exhaustion of everybody. 
#thatswhatshesaid #nocountryforoldmen HeHe 
That time I tried to make an hdr panorama of my backyard. #hdr #panorama #photo #dslr #tbt #throwback… 
Smitten with this kitten. 
No kitty respect my authoritay 
I use Tinder to amuse myself. 
Rehearse before dat take! 
Waffle House is trending at 4:45 am, why am I not surprised....
Here we go again. 
What's with this fan? 
My little buddy 
"I love garlic bread, it's my favorite food with my cocktail &amp; Valium" Marilyn Monroe 
#Its2013AndYouStill worried about Anthrax!
Stroud's at sunset @ Strouds Run State Park 
#tweatyourweakness a girl who's a bit country. I like em with no teeth, and no manners. Overalls are sexy #yeha
It's Lil Rodney! 
Cause everyone loves a lil' chub 
It's 5am and you got the munchies. Where do ya go? @ Union Street Diner 
#WeAllKnowThatOnePersonWho loves talking about how good they are at everything.
I love my job. 
Beautiful day to film 
Strouds 
My Mad Men Doppelgänger if I was 40 lbs heavier. 
My new business venture 
Sibs 
#Kittens #playing 
Cutty cut 

#cheesing 
Chasing his tail 
Exactly 1 year ago today! (via @timehop) 
New Roommate 
Sometimes the destination finds you. @ Athens 
First day of work 
First night back in Athens #success
Family 
Family 
Once again me and my cat must part ways. 
Mad Meen 
My cat likes watching Mad Men 
#YouWillNotBeTakenSeriouslyIf you end every text with lol
I wanna be like Don Draper. I need a Jack and Coke &amp; a cigarette. @MadMen_AMC
Indoor cat 
Cat 
May the 4th be with you. 
Everyone's skipped town. @ Donkey Coffee &amp; Espresso 
@WSJ oh yeah because arming rebels has done America a lotta good in the past. #charliewilsonswar
Exactly 2 years ago today! (via @timehop) 
@DearthVader29 Haha I remember when I @JamesFrancoTV starred on that episode. JT Esterkamp is my alter ego. #imjamesfranco
@DearthVader29 Also consider investing in a full size bed. You can sprawl and/or spoon a body sized pillow #buyitdinnerfirst
@DearthVader29 False: 
@MaxMattingly just walk down Broadway in an American flag suit. Lebanon loves UhMerica!!! Don't forget to show your NRA pride!
#SelfFact I'm a really quiet person....until you get to know me. Then I pull a 180, it throws a lot off people off.
Life in motion 
I just saw a guy walk down the street with a snake around his neck. I think I might be a little #schoolhigh
I've got me insomnia. Guess it's time for some more @MadMen_AMC
I only have 1 exam and a lotta scripts to write. Laundry Time!!
I miss film 
Dude no smile= badass 
#InstaSize 
Red! 
@dhildebrand91 not getting a Cosmo? Livin dangerously.
#IMissTheDaysWhen I was touring @ohiou as a wide eyed high schooler with all the optimism of college still in me.
Damn pranksters!! 
@ShawnJosephHunt I feel sorry for that mirror.
@ShawnJosephHunt is the mirror your only friend?
Donkey is being invaded by children! Barren down the hatchets and prepare the water balloons and squirt guns!
#letsbehonest the only reason for all the 90's nostalgia is 9/11.
I went to Ireland last summer. As you can see I really got aquatinted with the locals. #throwbackthursday 
I have a 10 page paper due Friday. I've already knocked out 5 pages. #productivity
This ten page paper won't write itself. Who wants to write it for me?!?!
Why is it every girl I know is hacking right now? Oh wait, right #palmerfest
Everything goes round and round like a carousel. One of these days I'd like to just jump off.
Been a while since I've worn these. 
I do miss Ireland oh so much #InstaSize 
