You might believe you can act as unconventionally as you feel ... More for Aquarius 
Although you might be unable to keep your mind from wandering ... More for Aquarius 
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!!! #GuyCodePromoTeam #NOfish #AllMaleMixer <NO ENTRY SIGN><FISH> <TWO MEN HOLDING HANDS><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> @GuyCodePromo
Guest list closing at 330pm! So make sure u hmu and get ur name on it! U don’t wanna miss tonight #GuyCodePromoTeam 
Time is almost up, and tonight is the night!!! Hmu to get on the guest list!! #GuyCodePromoTeam #NoFishFridays!! 
You have a secret weapon at your disposal today; you can tap t... More for Aquarius 
Stil have time to hmu for guest list entry!! Times tickin tho!! Food, music, drinks all equal great time! #GuyCode 
Time is tickin!!! Hmu to get on my guest list for the Triad’s #OfficialAllMaleMixer !! #GuyCodePromoTeam 
TMRW is the day!! #GuyCode #AllMaleMixer #ForeverYoung #NOfish <FISH><TROPICAL FISH><NO ENTRY SIGN><NO ENTRY SIGN>
You could be drawn into a complex drama today and there might ... More for Aquarius 
Watchin my "I need a good cry" movie: Rent!
I hate being a hopeless romantic...<BROKEN HEART>
I've completely forgotten about Twitter. I forgot how much I could pour out here, I think I'll return.
I just wanna feel like I matter... show me I'm the only one and make me feel important!
This Friday!! #GuyCode is the move!! Come out to eat, drink, mix &amp; mingle!!! Hmu to get on the guest list! @GuyCodePromo
You're eager to cut loose today but you don't want to do it al... More for Aquarius 
Tryna get on my guest list, hmu for info then!! 
The Triad’s Official #AllMaleMixer!! #GuyCode!! #NoFishFridays 
Backyard grillin! Drinks flowin! Special guest DJin!
What more cld u ask for? 
#NoFishFridays #GuyCode
THIS FRIDAY! 
Someone could be trying to support your efforts from behind th... More for Aquarius 
Breaking out of a rut has consequences today, but you're willi... More for Aquarius 
People seem to think you can do nearly anything today, leaving... More for Aquarius 
You may feel as if you're up for nearly anything that sounds l... More for Aquarius 
You're often motivated by higher truths rather than immediate ... More for Aquarius 
Remembering simpler days from the past makes you feel nostalgi... More for Aquarius 
Sorry fish, #NoFishFridays is otw again!

5/8!! #AllMaleMixer

Y’all know what time it is!!!
It's as if you've been given a free pass to visit imaginary wo... More for Aquarius 
Although you're tempted to keep your thoughts to yourself, you... More for Aquarius 
People's expectations are so high now that you can't possibly ... More for Aquarius 
You might feel like you're riding a streak of creative lightni... More for Aquarius 
Your day could be hijacked by someone who feels the need to sh... More for Aquarius 
One of the ways you maintain your cool composure is by keeping... More for Aquarius 
TMRW NIGHT ITS GOING DOWN!!! 

One17 Sofa Lounge!
Get on the guest list now b4 it’s too late!!

 
You often take pride in your unorthodox point of view, but you... More for Aquarius 
Although you love to surprise others by pulling rabbits out of... More for Aquarius 
You may feel restless today, especially if someone you love is... More for Aquarius 
Maintaining your freedom of movement is essential for your cre... More for Aquarius 
You might be required to respond to an unpleasant surprise tha... More for Aquarius 
Filling up your day with one exciting activity after another w... More for Aquarius 
You might be ruminating about all the people you know who have... More for Aquarius 
You may receive an important message from someone who is very ... More for Aquarius 
From a cosmic perspective, you're doing exactly what's require... More for Aquarius 
Expressing your needs clearly isn't as simple as it sounds tod... More for Aquarius 
A sudden turn of events could brighten your day in a way that'... More for Aquarius 
Your powers of observation are strong today, as long as you tr... More for Aquarius 
You feel lighter on your feet now that vivacious Venus is skip... More for Aquarius 
<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT><POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>Doors open in 2hrs!!!<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT><POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>

Make sure you are where everyone else is gonna be!! #GuyCode!!! 
Just a few more hours before #GuyCode! 

Hope ya'lls outfits are ready and DDs are set!

Dont forget $12 Fishbowls!

 
Tonight is the night!! 

#GuyCode going down, #RainOrShine! 

You do not want to miss this!

Come have a great time!
 
You might be caught in the middle of an internal tug-of-war no... More for Aquarius 
<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>TMRW TMRW TMRW!!!<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>

Trust me when I say, #GuyCode is where you'll want to be!! #RainOrShine! 

HMU for guest list
 
THERE IS STILL TIME TO HOP ON THIS GUEST LIST!!! HMU!!!

#GuyCode #RainOrShine 

Meet at the bar, with a fishbowl!
 
Meet me at the bar tmrw night!!

#GuyCode #RainOrShine 

HMU for guest list!
 
#RainOrShine #GuyCode is STILL going down! <HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK>

TMRW is the day, todays ur last chance to get on the guest list! HMU!
 
You need to socialize today because your connections with othe... More for Aquarius 
<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT><POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>#GuyCode Friday is almost here!!!<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT><POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>

Drinks, music, hookah!!! <MUSICAL NOTE><COCKTAIL GLASS><CLINKING BEER MUGS>

Do not miss out!! Hmu for the guest list!

Photo: earlier work flow. def on hard core chill mode now. <SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE> 
Come pass the hookah with us, <POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>THIS FRIDAY!!<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT> #GuyCode

Guest list still open, so HMU! #NoFishFridays 
Do NOT 4get 2 hmu 4 the guest list or get ur VIP section reserved!

Im tellin yall u don't wanna miss this #GuyCode!! 
I know yall like to drink, so u can meet me at the bar with these $12 Fishbowls and $6 refills! #GuyCode THIS FRIDAY! 
A friend or an acquaintance might say something shocking today... More for Aquarius 
I kno u heard the buzz bout the last one! #GuyCode is THIS Friday! Don't miss the hype! HMU to get on my guest list!

Sometimes you can derive emotional security from what isn't sa... More for Aquarius 
Your immediate environment is not as stable today as you think... More for Aquarius 
Fear of losing control of your schedule may trick you into bei... More for Aquarius 
DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS ONE!!

#GUYCODE is where you you need to be Friday!!! Hmu to get on my discounted guest list! 
NXT FRIDAY TRIADS OFFICIAL ALL MALE MIXER! WANT A DISCOUNT? JOIN MY GUEST NOW! 
6 DAYS AWAY!!

#GuyCode is where you'll want to be!! $12 FISHBOWLS with $6 refills!! Music, drinks, &amp; tons of fun!!


Communication wires cross today as the Libra Full Moon Eclipse... More for Aquarius 
You might think about spontaneously purchasing an airline tick... More for Aquarius 
Something has changed and you aren't clear yet as to how all t... More for Aquarius 
If you have been procrastinating lately, use your time managem... More for Aquarius 
You would like to push beyond your regular patterns of communi... More for Aquarius 
It's refreshing to feel so creative today and exciting to beli... More for Aquarius 
A close relationship demands vigilance on your part today, but... More for Aquarius 
Holding onto old habits doesn't necessarily serve you well the... More for Aquarius 
Your day is overloaded with too many things to do, but there's... More for Aquarius 
Finishing your chores is challenging work now, especially if y... More for Aquarius 
People tend to take you quite seriously today, even if you're ... More for Aquarius 
You are refreshed by incoming waves of enthusiasm, but new ide... More for Aquarius 
Although you may be floating on a Neptunian cloud today, it's ... More for Aquarius 
Your attention is on domestic issues this weekend, and you're ... More for Aquarius 
You have a take-no-prisoners approach to your day with four pl... More for Aquarius 
Current complications drive you to reconsider your old ways of... More for Aquarius 
Life may feel somewhat unstable today as your self-esteem soar... More for Aquarius 
Dwight walker #BEONEMPIRE
A minor glitch in your personal finances could cause major ann... More for Aquarius 
You may be more of a homebody these days -- at least that's ho... More for Aquarius 
When friends and peers expect you to do something in particula... More for Aquarius 
You don't want anyone to notice how serious you feel today bec... More for Aquarius 
Oddly, you are more certain about your feelings today, even if... More for Aquarius 
Your nerves are on edge today, making it nearly impossible to ... More for Aquarius 
The current confusion is finally morphing into a more stable s... More for Aquarius 
Your schedule seems totally unmanageable today and the more yo... More for Aquarius 
Im quickly becoming highly pissed off.. <ANGRY FACE>
Your apparent optimism may be confusing today. Nevertheless, e... More for Aquarius 
You may believe you're slipping and sliding down a slippery sl... More for Aquarius 
It isn't wise to pin all your hopes for personal satisfaction ... More for Aquarius 
It's as if you are lifted high above the chimney tops and humd... More for Aquarius 
Following a hunch out of the blue often works in your favor, b... More for Aquarius 
You might be struggling with existential questions about reali... More for Aquarius 
You might feel as if no one is watching you and you can get aw... More for Aquarius 
A close friend or ally might offer you extra support today as ... More for Aquarius 
Sorting out relationship dynamics may take more energy than yo... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Day <BLACK RIGHTWARDS ARROW> Night. #CIAA #CIAA2015 #Cathodes #Fever #Jordans2Gesuppies <OK HAND SIGN> (at Downtown - Charlotte NC -... 
You may find yourself at odds with a close friend now, especia... More for Aquarius 
You're extremely intuitive when it comes to what your close fr... More for Aquarius 
You have a lot on your plate now and wish you could avoid emot... More for Aquarius 
Your innate intelligence comes in handy today because you can ... More for Aquarius 
Accepting a social invitation or connecting with a friend coul... More for Aquarius 
Whatever feelings you might try to hide today, the current sit... More for Aquarius 
You may feel pressure from your friends or coworkers, especial... More for Aquarius 
You may be so busy with a wide variety of chores today that yo... More for Aquarius 
You may spend your day running around in circles, distracted b... More for Aquarius 
#overit <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
Close friends raise the noise level of your daily routine. But... More for Aquarius 
Although you are adept at moving in two worlds today as you da... More for Aquarius 
You have a unique opportunity to reset your emotional calendar... More for Aquarius 
Photo: brianbees: <UNAMUSED FACE> #truefacts 
Photo:  
Certain shit just really pissed me all the way off!! Like tf? O.o can I EVER have alone time, other than wen we sleep? &gt;.&lt;
You are still in the throes of wide emotional swings now, espe... More for Aquarius 
You have a sinking sensation today as you realize that you've ... More for Aquarius 
You may want to remain under the blankets today and let the wo... More for Aquarius 
If you have too much on your plate today, it's because you sai... More for Aquarius 
Today you long for some good old-fashioned fun. However, you c... More for Aquarius 
@MissyElliott I hope you're in the studio making some of that music I love!!! I miss you, &amp; need you back in the scene HARD!!
You're willing to put in long hours and work hard because you ... More for Aquarius 
It seems as if every area of your life is touched by trickster... More for Aquarius 
You're anxious to assume a leadership position today because y... More for Aquarius 
The more you try to explain yourself today, the less clear you... More for Aquarius 
My birthday is always overshadowed by something or someone else... #overit.
Someone close to you might say something that strikes you as r... More for Aquarius 
Your dreams contain messages, whether you remember them as soo... More for Aquarius 
Your friends may caution you about the dangers of taking the e... More for Aquarius 
Although you may be motivated to shake up the status quo today... More for Aquarius 
A casual discussion with a friend or partner today might raise... More for Aquarius 
Although you might want to sidestep messy emotional involvemen... More for Aquarius 
You might believe you're headed for a major conflict today, wh... More for Aquarius 
Your charisma is more alluring than you realize today, as the ... More for Aquarius 
Although you are quite enthusiastic about your future prospect... More for Aquarius 
Photo: <WEARY FACE><WEARY FACE><WEARY FACE> 
Your strategies are changing so fast now that it's hard to mak... More for Aquarius 
You have social commitments that you prefer to avoid as friend... More for Aquarius 
Photo: This is EVERYONES invitation to come celebrate my bday!!!! The turn up will be live and in color!!!... 
Even if you are working to solidify plans with others, a gulf ... More for Aquarius 
You can sense a shift in the cosmic energy as beautiful Venus ... More for Aquarius 
You could sidestep unnecessary trouble today by remembering th... More for Aquarius 
Your mind is working on overdrive sifting through all the fact... More for Aquarius 
You might be looking for a quick getaway and this weekend coul... More for Aquarius 
Indulging in fantasies today motivates you to reach beyond you... More for Aquarius 
There isn't a quick fix to an ongoing financial problem, altho... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I’m better than good, I’m the G R E A T E S T. <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E><KISSING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><THUMBS UP SIGN><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 
It is the best of times and the worst of times as clever Mercu... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Its officially my season!!! New moon and all!!!! #teamAquarius #Aquariusseasonishere #turnup... 
Although you can see the benefit of clarifying your needs, sud... More for Aquarius 
A bubble of rainbows and unicorns might be all you need now to... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Cause i know, I got you for sure. Yeah, couple shots of patron have us right in the zone. Baby,... 
Old feelings run their course tonight and then they mellow out... More for Aquarius 
Setting your dreams on the front burner is a mixed blessing no... More for Aquarius 
You may be overly demonstrative about a social or political is... More for Aquarius 
You may be feeling the social bug now, especially if your frie... More for Aquarius 
Normally, you're not one to succumb to peer pressure, yet peop... More for Aquarius 
Miami in May? Then possibly  Puerto Rico  during the summer? My ass needs to hit somebodies  gym RIHHT TF NOW!! Lls!!
Your charisma is off the charts and you're on the prowl for ex... More for Aquarius 
It's more tempting today to dream of the future than to concen... More for Aquarius 
You could come across with more confidence than you actually f... More for Aquarius 
You may attempt to simplify complex relationship dynamics toda... More for Aquarius 
An unexpected conversation with a coworker or close friend can... More for Aquarius 
Your compassion is required when dealing with a partner or clo... More for Aquarius 
You have been seeing yourself in the mirror through rose-color... More for Aquarius 
You might choose to stand up for yourself today if others bull... More for Aquarius 
You have been in a rather secretive mood recently and today is... More for Aquarius 
Although some of your craziest fantasies have practical applic... More for Aquarius 
You're living in a dreamworld if you think you can stay on sch... More for Aquarius 
You may be fighting a losing battle in your current war agains... More for Aquarius 
You are running on a full tank of gas today, but oddly enough,... More for Aquarius 
Your peers might see you as brimming with holiday spirit today... More for Aquarius 
The same events that would have rattled your cage previously d... More for Aquarius 
You're anticipating the prospects of exploring your feelings w... More for Aquarius 
You may try to sneak through the day without causing too much ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: T.O.N.Y. <VICTORY HAND> 
You may grow discouraged today if your dreams seem out of reac... More for Aquarius 
You can't help but realize your values are changing today, lea... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Merry Christmas to you and yours! <FATHER CHRISTMAS><CHRISTMAS TREE><WRAPPED PRESENT> 
Although you might have strong spiritual beliefs, you aren't n... More for Aquarius 
Although your thoughts are integrally tied to your future, tod... More for Aquarius 
You feel as if you're in the final stages of preparation, but ... More for Aquarius 
Your most memorable dreams are steering you toward practical s... More for Aquarius 
Today you're motivated by a desire to show someone how much yo... More for Aquarius 
Photo: My Saturday night! #wrapping #presents #wine #vodka #chill 
You can't help but wonder how far you can stretch reality befo... More for Aquarius 
Photo: My actions been louder than my words nigga <OK HAND SIGN> 
You realize how much you can accomplish if you join forces wit... More for Aquarius 
The surreal quality of your life could be disconcerting becaus... More for Aquarius 
It seems as if you are being granted an unexpected reprieve to... More for Aquarius 
It's no simple task to keep other people's problems separate f... More for Aquarius 
You find yourself at odds with nearly anyone who is wielding a... More for Aquarius 
For some unknown reason, people seem to enjoy indulging you to... More for Aquarius 
Those closest to you are reflecting your most powerful dreams ... More for Aquarius 
You feel driven to convince others to work on a pet project wi... More for Aquarius 
You're more attracted to fantasy than to reality now that Venu... More for Aquarius 
You prefer others to be transparent about their needs, but you... More for Aquarius 
Although others may think you're emotionally aloof or just pla... More for Aquarius 
Don't waste any valuable time brooding over how others perceiv... More for Aquarius 
Normally, you're attracted to the unconventional and the unexp... More for Aquarius 
Actions usually speak louder than words, but communicating you... More for Aquarius 
Your nerves are dancing to an exhilarating cosmic beat today, ... More for Aquarius 
If you bump into instant karma today, reality will likely rule... More for Aquarius 
Someone might stand between you and your fun today, and the mo... More for Aquarius 
Declining a social invitation may be the wisest thing to do be... More for Aquarius 
You're likely to see things from a more practical angle now th... More for Aquarius 
You are moved to talk about your recent dreams, but the more y... More for Aquarius 
Financial issues can give you a headache today if there are so... More for Aquarius 
You're highly motivated to be productive today, yet you also w... More for Aquarius 
You seem to be attracted to nearly anything that allows you to... More for Aquarius 
This can be a perfect day to fall in love with someone, whethe... More for Aquarius 
Your out-of-the box strategy for success may not be as effecti... More for Aquarius 
The more someone attempts to convince you to talk today, the l... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: beben-eleben: 31 Life-Changing Gifts For Ice Cream Lovers 
You could be living in a dream world today, where you believe ... More for Aquarius 
Your inspiring thoughts are guiding you on an unexpected visio... More for Aquarius 
You may feel insecure today about your success at work, but yo... More for Aquarius 
Emotional detachment typically helps you decide your course of... More for Aquarius 
It's absolutely essential to bring an open mind to any convers... More for Aquarius 
You may be dragged into an unpleasant conversation about your ... More for Aquarius 
Even your well thought-out plans could meet unexpected opposit... More for Aquarius 
Your friends and acquaintances could steer you in the right di... More for Aquarius 
You're yearning to break out of a stagnant relationship patter... More for Aquarius 
You might be tempted to put all your hopes into one special re... More for Aquarius 
Relationship dynamics can grow so out of hand today that they ... More for Aquarius 
The cosmic radio is playing your favorite songs today, but the... More for Aquarius 
A Very ACCURATE HOROSCOPE FOR THE YEAR 2014! Very Spooky! 
You might be carried away on the wings of your own feelings to... More for Aquarius 
Social interactions are a source of unavoidable intensity toda... More for Aquarius 
Boundary issues require your undivided attention today, especi... More for Aquarius 
You could be going through all the correct motions now, yet yo... More for Aquarius 
Sick of the lil shit..
You prefer to keep your feelings private today, but you may ev... More for Aquarius 
A conversation about your personal life might not go as smooth... More for Aquarius 
You may not feel like living up to your responsibilities today... More for Aquarius 
Although you assume you have everything under control, somethi... More for Aquarius 
Don't waste your precious time or energy by getting bent out o... More for Aquarius 
Your role outside of the home and family could distract you fr... More for Aquarius 
Your dreams may bring an answer to a stubborn question now, bu... More for Aquarius 
You may be offered another chance to manifest a dream -- or at... More for Aquarius 
You might think that hiding your feelings is in your best inte... More for Aquarius 
Unconscious fears and desires may be the source of very real f... More for Aquarius 
An unexpected interaction with someone at work dramatically ch... More for Aquarius 
You can skillfully project your most brilliant and lovable sid... More for Aquarius 
Keep your eyes wide open because important lessons are heading... More for Aquarius 
You want to step back and take in the whole picture today, so ... More for Aquarius 
@Controld_Chaos thats cool
@Controld_Chaos lls, I was only there for two years. '08 &amp; '09
@Controld_Chaos yup
@Controld_Chaos lls,l. True
@Controld_Chaos well damn... that sucks!! Shoulda took off like everyone else! Lol, get "sick" over the weekend. Only other option.. lol
@Controld_Chaos u should def hit it up then!! This #turnup is about to be the realist it's ever been!!

VENUE LOUNGE! #GHOE

VENUE LOUNGE! #DOWNTOWN

115 S ELM ST DOORS OPEN AT 10PM EARLY ARRIVAL A MUST
The #GHOE turn up will be in full effect shortly!! #workflow till 5.. gettin paper!
You see, im all about that bass bout that bass. No treble..
Your path to success might not be as direct as you wish today.... More for Aquarius 
Your innate ability to cool your emotions contributes to your ... More for Aquarius 
Something is amiss at work now, and you cannot rest until you ... More for Aquarius 
You are eagerly anticipating what's around the next corner, bu... More for Aquarius 
Although asserting your individuality comes naturally to your ... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
There's no valid reason to hold onto negative emotions today a... More for Aquarius 
You aspire to remain objective and emotionally detached, but r... More for Aquarius 
Someone's overly dramatic story puts you in an awkward positio... More for Aquarius 
Even if you're not humming with romantic energy yet, you still... More for Aquarius 
You are riding a high-frequency buzz now, adding a layer of co... More for Aquarius 
Friends or coworkers may arrive at your doorstep with an irres... More for Aquarius 
Although you might have to start the day by tending to unfinis... More for Aquarius 
When it's,  it's right... <HEAVY BLACK HEART><HEAVY BLACK HEART><HEAVY BLACK HEART>
Although the circumstances of the day might not unfold accordi... More for Aquarius 
You can be quite cavalier in your thinking now that cerebral M... More for Aquarius 
You might try to ignore issues on the home front, but the soon... More for Aquarius 
The cosmic energies are rumbling quietly today, yet you know t... More for Aquarius 
You might be inclined to suddenly shake up your schedule as th... More for Aquarius 
I been neglecting my twitter.. ive missed u. Just a lil
I just wanna know.. are u down for me &amp; me alone? #random
Your behavior reveals how comfortable you are with radical cha... More for Aquarius 
You might not be able to see your overall financial picture cl... More for Aquarius 
The current cosmic energy generates dynamic interactions all a... More for Aquarius 
Your unconventional approach to life often has you rationalizi... More for Aquarius 
You could be overly optimistic about your ability to make ever... More for Aquarius 
Your daydreams may seem as if they came right out of a science... More for Aquarius 
You are a walking contradiction today because you want to keep... More for Aquarius 
Although others are likely to share their feelings with you to... More for Aquarius 
You need to be accepted by those in your community, but you mi... More for Aquarius 
You are standing on the edge of a precipice now, yet must hold... More for Aquarius 
An inspirational person enters your life today, presenting you... More for Aquarius 
Your unique perspective inspires you to be hopeful, no matter ... More for Aquarius 
An important teacher may appear on the scene now to show you n... More for Aquarius 
Following your dreams is a smart bet, especially if they invol... More for Aquarius 
It might seem as if you missed a chance to make something sign... More for Aquarius 
Things are happening so fast these days that you might feel as... More for Aquarius 
Even if someone tries to rain on your parade today, you are wi... More for Aquarius 
Significant changes are about to rock your boat and shake you ... More for Aquarius 
Someone may make excessive demands on your schedule now and yo... More for Aquarius 
It's tricky to find your rhythm today because whatever you do,... More for Aquarius 
You have a clear idea of how you'd like to spend your time tod... More for Aquarius 
You're seeking opportunities to explore your intuitive realms ... More for Aquarius 
Others tend to see you as less pragmatic than you actually are... More for Aquarius 
Anything you keep to yourself today carries more weight than t... More for Aquarius 
It's as if there's an electrical current running through your ... More for Aquarius 
You wish you could get away with being irresponsible today and... More for Aquarius 
Your desires could be overridden by everyone else's demands to... More for Aquarius 
Although you have specific goals and a concrete plan in place,... More for Aquarius 
"Stop loving people into corners." - Donna-Marie Riley, Love and Other Small Wars (via larmoyante) 
Something has been bothering you and it won't go away until yo... More for Aquarius 
Managing your cash flow today could be challenging as the fuzz... More for Aquarius 
Your innovative thinking brings unexpected answers to long-sta... More for Aquarius 
It's tempting to suppress your emotions in favor of a more rat... More for Aquarius 
You might resist accepting compliments today because you aren'... More for Aquarius 
Photo: YASSS GAWD!!!! 
Photoset:  
Photo: bittercontender: yung90sense: Perfect Oh shiiiit #relationshipgoals 
Your lack of privacy can become a serious issue today as the M... More for Aquarius 
It's in your best interest to immediately respond to any linge... More for Aquarius 
You might not possess a lot of patience today if something is ... More for Aquarius 
Withholding your feelings is only a temporary strategy at best... More for Aquarius 
Setting aside your regular rational approach for a while might... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
You feel obligated to nurture everyone's goals at work today, ... More for Aquarius 
You may be struggling to find your way in a close relationship... More for Aquarius 
Nearly everything in your life seems to work well up to a poin... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Happy #HumpDay IG! <WAVING HAND SIGN><WAVING HAND SIGN><WAVING HAND SIGN> (at Journeys) 
You might be wondering if you're doing something wrong because... More for Aquarius 
You are preoccupied with the unrealistic expectations of your ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Happy Monday IG! <VICTORY HAND> (at Journeys) 
You have more than your fair share of practical thinking to do... More for Aquarius 
Nearly everything you do creates an immediate reaction now wit... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: suckthisdick: LAGUNA BEACH! IMY 
Relationship dynamics don't seem to get any less complicated t... More for Aquarius 
You would like everyone to take you more seriously now; you're... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Yoo.. bruh needs an edge up for real tho. #thestruggle #beardgang #beard #beardlife #mixed #biracial... 
Playful interactions between you and someone special may be de... More for Aquarius 
Someone special may be warming up to you today and it makes yo... More for Aquarius 
The battle between your logical head and your irrational heart... More for Aquarius 
There's a wide world of exciting possibilities in front of you... More for Aquarius 
Your inflexible opinions about a very close friend or family m... More for Aquarius 
You could waste valuable time and energy exploring a wide vari... More for Aquarius 
Your telephone is ringing off the hook today, but the psychic ... More for Aquarius 
If everyone around you seems to be having lots of fun now, thi... More for Aquarius 
You encounter an unexpected glitch today that stems from your ... More for Aquarius 
You wake up excited to face the day, although you might quickl... More for Aquarius 
Accepting the temporary limitations may not be an easy task no... More for Aquarius 
You have an amazing opportunity today to reveal a part of your... More for Aquarius 
reblog if you want sex right now 
Old issues that need resolution are weighing heavy on your min... More for Aquarius 
Social networks are a lifeline to your future now as friends a... More for Aquarius 
Your dreams are as vivid as your waking life now, motivating y... More for Aquarius 
Although you have the best of intentions now, your plans may b... More for Aquarius 
Snapchat me. - jupiiterlovee 
Photoset: I wish my hair would get like this! 
Photoset: imthehomoyourmomwarnedyouabout: camsfarts: SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS EVERYBODY SHOTS Yes please! 
Photo: sigh. 
You won't be satisfied with a simple and dismissive answer tod... More for Aquarius 
You may run out of patience now as unexpressed petty annoyance... More for Aquarius 
investings: if I have to fight for your attention I probably won’t even want it anymore 
Keeping your plans in perspective is challenging now because y... More for Aquarius 
Your instinctual attachment to objects of beauty could land yo... More for Aquarius 
You have an uncanny sense of the emotional dynamics lurking ju... More for Aquarius 
Even if you choose to work on a project on your own today, som... More for Aquarius 
An intense discussion about relationship issues could quickly ... More for Aquarius 
You may be slightly uncomfortable with the intense passion you... More for Aquarius 
You may be surprised by an energetic shift in your business an... More for Aquarius 
You wish you could set aside your emotional needs today so you... More for Aquarius 
Photo: <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> 
Photo: monterius: <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Photo: 92crookz: Biggie Cynthia 
This is a rather strange time for you as a tug-of-war develops... More for Aquarius 
Everyone you know is playing a part in your movie now that the... More for Aquarius 
Exploring a delightful variety of stimulating people, places a... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: binnielove: illy… Delano Brown Furniture Art  I want! 
Traditional values amongst family members prompt you to keep s... More for Aquarius 
A friend or family member may be extra nice to you, tempting y... More for Aquarius 
You could find yourself in an uncomfortable position if others... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Sun’s coming up, oh You’re on my side, oh I rub your thighs, oh You look in my eyes, oh And I just... 
Although you can feel the pressure starting to build, you're s... More for Aquarius 
You are an intense bundle of erratic thoughts today as familia... More for Aquarius 
Intimate relationships are a significant source of fulfillment... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
Photo:  
It might feel as if you're losing touch with reality today, bu... More for Aquarius 
You're at the top of your eccentricity cycle and are eager to ... More for Aquarius 
Staying on course is challenging now that the changeable Moon ... More for Aquarius 
Shaking off a confusing dream is difficult today, even after y... More for Aquarius 
Trusting your mind over relying on your heart is often appropr... More for Aquarius 
Your day may seem like one little personal crisis after anothe... More for Aquarius 
You are in a unique position to make the most of your current ... More for Aquarius 
The emotional intensity you are experiencing at work can take ... More for Aquarius 
You may feel suddenly excluded from a group that has been an i... More for Aquarius 
Although you're willing to try old things in new ways, you don... More for Aquarius 
You might have misjudged the size of a job and now must face t... More for Aquarius 
You could dream up an entirely new way to say the same old thi... More for Aquarius 
You are energetically bumping into people today and there seem... More for Aquarius 
You might openly disagree with someone at work today, assuming... More for Aquarius 
You might feel as if your self-expression has been blocked dur... More for Aquarius 
A friend might express his or her feelings in a manner that ca... More for Aquarius 
@bet I hope u know yall done messed up letting Kenya on the show!! No one likes thats bitxh!!
You may reconsider recent relationship choices today, especial... More for Aquarius 
You could be feeling so uncharacteristically moody today that ... More for Aquarius 
You can sense the energetic shift as the Cancer New Moon in yo... More for Aquarius 
Your desire for an intellectual debate may be thwarted today a... More for Aquarius 
You must be brutally honest with yourself today or you might f... More for Aquarius 
Although you're innately attracted to the weird and wonderful ... More for Aquarius 
Taking your work seriously is nearly impossible when there are... More for Aquarius 
Your imagination is soaring high above the real world today. M... More for Aquarius 
Normally, you have enough emotional detachment to focus on the... More for Aquarius 
As the day unfolds, you might become less and less comfortable... More for Aquarius 
Your day has a split personality -- coming in like a lamb and ... More for Aquarius 
You believe your aim is true today and you're right on target;... More for Aquarius 
It's great to see everything click into place today -- especia... More for Aquarius 
Weird thoughts are exploding in your brain today, challenging ... More for Aquarius 
Managing your personal and professional relationships is cruci... More for Aquarius 
Fire up your intellect for a little bit of excitement now and ... More for Aquarius 
You have a deep understanding of the power of the collective a... More for Aquarius 
Walls of resistance that have sprung up around you may not be ... More for Aquarius 
It's not easy to take your job seriously now, unless it involv... More for Aquarius 
Turning your goals into a workable plan can be challenging tod... More for Aquarius 
You might not be able to express yourself as openly as you wis... More for Aquarius 
Anything you decide to keep to yourself now carries even more ... More for Aquarius 
Your recent attempt to shake up the regularity in your daily r... More for Aquarius 
Video: thequintab: When You Just Can’t. 
It might feel as if you're running out of time but this sense ... More for Aquarius 
You might grow uncomfortable today if anyone brings up a touch... More for Aquarius 
Financial institutions, speculative investments or working par... More for Aquarius 
You seem to know what someone wants before anyone else does to... More for Aquarius 
X-men turned out to be a really good movie! !
Although you appear to be flexible today, it's more likely tha... More for Aquarius 
You are easily irritated today by someone who has a perspectiv... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: svelte-femme: boobs4victory: Miley Cyrus from Vogue Germany      I don’t care what people say,... 
Even if the focus of your life is on your public image now, yo... More for Aquarius 
Keeping up with all the social activities going on around you ... More for Aquarius 
There's a fresh breeze blowing into your life now, but you mus... More for Aquarius 
Although you may be quick to leap out of bed and prepare for w... More for Aquarius 
You might prefer staying home and laying low today. However, y... More for Aquarius 
Your friends and family may show up with extra support today, ... More for Aquarius 
Positive thinking is the single most powerful force that can m... More for Aquarius 
Whatever you think your current role is in the outer world, yo... More for Aquarius 
You might be feeling anxious now if you can't decide how to sp... More for Aquarius 
Your core beliefs may be in conflict with those closest to you... More for Aquarius 
You are full of hope that springs from being true to your valu... More for Aquarius 
You could be stressing about a simple misunderstanding that ha... More for Aquarius 
Sometimes you don't realize how much of an impact you have on ... More for Aquarius 
Boundary issues can create complications as others convince yo... More for Aquarius 
You and your friends may have hatched some brilliant ideas rec... More for Aquarius 
Playing down your confidence is a clever way to sneak in benea... More for Aquarius 
You're on a thrilling joyride today and your creativity is soa... More for Aquarius 
You secretly enjoy it when others acknowledge your wisdom by s... More for Aquarius 
Although you might run into a complicated emotional web today,... More for Aquarius 
Complex circumstances pull you off track today so it's pointle... More for Aquarius 
You're being asked to forgo your rational approach now and ado... More for Aquarius 
Because, shit... Google knows everything!
Your friends may not realize that you are currently struggling... More for Aquarius 
Video: dolpfinnlove: dekutree: dopernose: Unforgivable what is he saying I say “What”…..the fuck 
You're fully engaged with your immediate environment today and... More for Aquarius 
Expressing yourself precisely today could make the difference ... More for Aquarius 
You might feel as if you're fighting an uphill battle today, e... More for Aquarius 
A perfectly delightful day can go awry if you try to explain y... More for Aquarius 
You're not as rational as you believe you are today. Your logi... More for Aquarius 
You may feel as if you're in the midst of an emotional tug-of-... More for Aquarius 
Waves of powerful emotions wash over you today, leaving you ov... More for Aquarius 
You may experience unexpected panic now because you realize th... More for Aquarius 
Your inner child is eager to play today, encouraging you to se... More for Aquarius 
You're looking for ways to have fun while the flirty Gemini Mo... More for Aquarius 
You must face very basic issues today, such as what price you'... More for Aquarius 
a nigga really fighting this sleep tho burh!!
Sitting here watching season 1 of Vampire Diaries. Im getting into this!! Lol
You have unfulfilled personal obligations that you might not w... More for Aquarius 
You certainly won't grow bored today. In fact, you could be a ... More for Aquarius 
Did I really just get asked if we sell FUBU? Tf? Ppls still rock that?
You probably won't have a lot of free time today because you'r... More for Aquarius 
There is an unusual balance of energy today between holding on... More for Aquarius 
You have a rare opportunity to share your opinions about a ver... More for Aquarius 
Although you may sound quite brilliant today, your innovative ... More for Aquarius 
Kik? - jayyyylovvee 
Photo:  
Although you're better known for fostering independence in tho... More for Aquarius 
You are tempted to keep a significant piece of information to ... More for Aquarius 
Don't bother attempting to regain control of your life today b... More for Aquarius 
Sometimes being a part of a group experience can be the most a... More for Aquarius 
Your friends and associates are eager to give you extra words ... More for Aquarius 
All kinds of positive events are happening in your life now, y... More for Aquarius 
Kik me - jayyyylovvee 
You may feel as if your energy is all backed up like a sewage ... More for Aquarius 
You could be treading on unstable ground today as you attempt ... More for Aquarius 
You have things to do that you've never done before, but fortu... More for Aquarius 
Your need for greater independence encourages you to try thing... More for Aquarius 
Sustaining your connection with your imagination isn't your to... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Don’t be a Richard! #workflow #Friday #smiling #retro10s #lookgood #feelgood #smellgood (at... 
Don't be a Richard! #workflow #Friday #smiling #retro10s #lookgood #feelgood #smellgood @ Journeys 
Your imagination plays a significant role in your life today, ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: When I tell you MY photographer went off with these pics!!! Here’s another preview!!! @nope_nottoday... 
When I tell you MY photographer went off with these pics!!! Here's another preview!!! @nope_nottoday… 
Photo: Preview of a photoshoot I did yesterday for @nope_nottoday !! Had a lot of fun and the pics turned... 
Preview of a photoshoot I did yesterday for @nope_nottoday !! Had a lot of fun and the pics turned out… 
If someone comes to you with a larger-than-life idea today, re... More for Aquarius 
Although you might appear to be open to change, your mind is p... More for Aquarius 
Trust what you feel in your body now instead of solely relying... More for Aquarius 
The pace of your life is hectic these days, yet you're enjoyin... More for Aquarius 
You might experience an intellectual breakthrough today. You c... More for Aquarius 
A creative project might come to a temporary standstill today ... More for Aquarius 
Your feelings are transforming too fast to make any long-term ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Calling all singers, rappers, poets &amp; anyone else who has something to say!!! Come NOW!!!! <WINKING FACE><WINKING FACE><WINKING FACE> (I... 
Calling all singers, rappers, poets &amp; anyone else who has something to say!!! Come NOW!!!! <WINKING FACE><WINKING FACE><WINKING FACE> (I… 
Like I said... #cheeseburger #lemonpepper #grilledchicken #mauibbqchips #dillpickles #coorslight u… 
Photo: Oh yes… I does this!! It’s. About. To go. Down. <WINKING FACE><FIRE><OK HAND SIGN><FORK AND KNIFE><HAMBURGER><POULTRY LEG> (at mi casa) 
Oh yes... I does this!! It's. About. To go. Down. <WINKING FACE><FIRE><OK HAND SIGN><FORK AND KNIFE><HAMBURGER><POULTRY LEG> @ mi casa 
You may actually believe you can remain emotionally detached f... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Ok Danville for tryna be fancy!! 
Ok Danville for tryna be fancy!! 
Photo: Breakfast anyone? 
Breakfast anyone? 
Even if time already seems to be moving fast, the pace of your... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Just wanna take this time out to say that I am very pleased to hear that a good friend of mine has... 
Just wanna take this time out to say that I am very pleased to hear that a good friend of mine has… 
You may feel uneasy today if everything appears to be flowing ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: #thugshit !! @goldiee_locs2232 <WINKING FACE> 
#thugshit !! goldiee_locs2232 <WINKING FACE> 
The power of your positive thoughts motivates others, but your... More for Aquarius 
Everything you say sounds more important now with the assertiv... More for Aquarius 
Relationships may feel strained today because it seems unlikel... More for Aquarius 
It might feel like everything is taking longer than it should ... More for Aquarius 
You may be overly sensitive to little things today as the high... More for Aquarius 
It's easy to pour on the sweetness today, but charm is not a s... More for Aquarius 
You might wish you had more time to relax or meditate today bu... More for Aquarius 
Photo: the other night… #raveparty 
the other night... #raveparty 
People may stir up trouble today by accusing you of something ... More for Aquarius 
You probably have way too much on your plate now, and it may b... More for Aquarius 
Photo: #butfirstlwtmetakeaselfie!!! @monicabinit 
#butfirstlwtmetakeaselfie!!! monicabinit 
You hold the key to the future in your dreams. You are like th... More for Aquarius 
You might uncover a misunderstanding over money matters today,... More for Aquarius 
@MallyHendrix tmrw 4 to 7
@MallyHendrix unfortunately
You may find yourself juggling conflicting agendas today. You ... More for Aquarius 
Hiding your intentions from others is nearly impossible today ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: <POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>ATTENTION VERGE OLD HEADS<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT> 
<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT>ATTENTION VERGE OLD HEADS<POLICE CARS REVOLVING LIGHT> 
Photo: This lil bad boy fell asleep in my lap!! #puppylove #puppyfever #iwantone #illjustpretendhesmine... 
This lil bad boy fell asleep in my lap!! #puppylove #puppyfever #iwantone #illjustpretendhesmine… 
The winds of fate are blowing up a major storm now in your 2nd... More for Aquarius 
You may feel the stress nearly everywhere you turn today, but ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Trust me, I’d rather be a cold hearted bitch and not give two fucks!! #rp #theend #goodnight... 
Trust me, I'd rather be a cold hearted bitch and not give two fucks!! #rp #theend #goodnight <OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL><FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> 
How do u distance yourself from someone you're already so far away from?
Photo: The best he’s been since I got here! Lol @letzjust_bee #Marley #puppylove #yorkie #socute #iwantone... 
The best he's been since I got here! Lol letzjust_bee #Marley #puppylove #yorkie #socute #iwantone… 
Them shoes kinda fly tho..
I had no clue that prairie dogs were so vicious!! And cannibals!!!!! Lls #animalplanet
A heated interaction with someone who doesn't appear to have y... More for Aquarius 
Finding free time can be quite challenging today, even if you ... More for Aquarius 
There may be so much going on at work today that it can be rat... More for Aquarius 
Photo: ARE U FRIGGIN KIDDING ME?? I’m am soooo sick of this damn snow!!! Wtf?? Get ya life motha... 
ARE U FRIGGIN KIDDING ME?? I'm am soooo sick of this damn snow!!! Wtf?? Get ya life motha… 
Other people may motivate you to start something new now, but ... More for Aquarius 
Someone new may enter your life now that the affectionate Leo ... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: onmydicklikeliquor: wonnder3000: pleasebboy: Pharrell + The Guardian Ageless That hat ! Talks to... 
The pressure to take care of unfulfilled responsibilities has ... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
You derive great benefit from the power of positive thinking b... More for Aquarius 
Photo: STOP WHAT YOUBARE DOING!! &amp;&amp;&amp; go to @sincerelydopeclothing page RIGHT NOW and find my picture and... 
STOP WHAT YOUBARE DOING!! &amp;&amp;&amp; go to sincerelydopeclothing page RIGHT NOW and find my picture and… 
You might feel as if a relationship crisis is looming, but don... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Let’s see how this goes!! I need your guys help tho… LIKE ME AS @sincerelydopeclothing... 
Let's see how this goes!! I need your guys help tho... LIKE ME AS sincerelydopeclothing… 
You could be worried that the weekend will come and go before ... More for Aquarius 
I forgot I had a twitter. Lol
I hate inscents.. :(
Managing your disappointment might require extra effort today,... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I wanna give a very special shout out to my bad bish!!!!!!!! @letzjust_bee HAPPY MUH FUGGIN... 
I wanna give a very special shout out to my bad bish!!!!!!!! letzjust_bee HAPPY MUH FUGGIN… 
Photo: I need to go pay my barber a visit!! 
I need to go pay my barber a visit!! 
You might have opportunities to share your feelings in a varie... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Let go and let God!! Lord I thank you and praise you for this!! Amen! (at Steak ‘n Shake) 
Let go and let God!! Lord I thank you and praise you for this!! Amen! @ Steak 'n Shake 
Photoset: whisperingf0rests: artbymoga: Most importantly: you’re stronger than you think. WHY DOES THIS NOT... 
It may take a few days for an energetic wave of good feelings ... More for Aquarius 
Even if you're preoccupied with your work today, you still mig... More for Aquarius 
You're quite restless today for no logical reason. You can't s... More for Aquarius 
You may feel exhausted from having to keep up appearances, but... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Being sick and having to come to work blows!!! For real!!! I don’t feel good at all!!! <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK> 
Being sick and having to come to work blows!!! For real!!! I don't feel good at all!!! <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK> 
Even the simplest financial tasks -- like paying a few bills -... More for Aquarius 
You may go through alternating mood swings today. One minute y... More for Aquarius 
You're probably feeling quite moody now that the emotional Moo... More for Aquarius 
Photo: So.. I can do a lil something in the kitchen!! With an assist from @monicabinit !!! 
So.. I can do a lil something in the kitchen!! With an assist from monicabinit !!! 
Your world is tense with anticipation today. The possibilities... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Nite IG !!! <FACE THROWING A KISS><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL> 
Nite IG !!! <FACE THROWING A KISS><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL> 
Don't be too hard on yourself if reality feels somewhat boring... More for Aquarius 
You have a very down-to-earth approach to managing your intens... More for Aquarius 
You may inadvertently steer others wrong today, but they might... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: brianlamontburgess: The Mowry’s - Tia, Tamera, Tajh, Tavior, with their parents and children Cree... 
Photoset: lovejfab: Rihanna live from Aspen, CO. THAT GREEN FUR THO!! Life. 
Although you might place high expectations on yourself today, ... More for Aquarius 
You have a much better chance of getting what you want now if ... More for Aquarius 
Your finances continue to be a dominant theme these days and, ... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
Audio: jupiterstarr: Drunk In Love (The Weeknd Remix) by TheWeeknd-XO 
Your focus is shifting as you become more practical about your... More for Aquarius 
Over the past few weeks you have felt pressure to initiate cha... More for Aquarius 
Taking an extra step toward a pleasurable goal might seem like... More for Aquarius 
Although you may be quite enthusiastic today, you still could ... More for Aquarius 
You wish you could just watch people all day long now because ... More for Aquarius 
Don't focus on your shortcomings today, especially if you're w... More for Aquarius 
You are short on patience now, especially with those who want ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Here’s another #latepost from the bday weekend!! #sundayfunday #birthdayfinale #turntup #on1 #timbs... 
Here's another #latepost from the bday weekend!! #sundayfunday #birthdayfinale #turntup #on1 #timbs… 
Photo:  
Photo: Where is it at tho? I’m ready to get off work and get back in my bed!!! Lol #winterstorm... 
Where is it at tho? I'm ready to get off work and get back in my bed!!! Lol #winterstorm #stormwarning 
Although you may start your day in a quiet frame of mind, an e... More for Aquarius 
Photo: One if my bday weekend outfits! #latepost #lookedgood #jaysonmyfeet #frankiesfunpark... 
One if my bday weekend outfits! #latepost #lookedgood #jaysonmyfeet #frankiesfunpark #25looksgoodonme… 
It's so easy to worry about being wrong now that you might spe... More for Aquarius 
Your secret agent lifestyle has outlived its usefulness at wor... More for Aquarius 
You are likely to notice unusual occurrences and synchronistic... More for Aquarius 
I woke up like this! Lls, last night was #superturntup !! It ain't over tho!!! Let's get it!!!… 
Photo: Ayyyeeeeee!!!!!!!!! 
Ayyyeeeeee!!!!!!!!! 
Your ideas may not make a whole lot of sense to your friends a... More for Aquarius 
Photo: It’s almost time!! 
It's almost time!! 
Photo: Hope to see a few turn out to turn up!!! DM me and let me know if you may come!! #AquariusSeason... 
Hope to see a few turn out to turn up!!! DM me and let me know if you may come!! #AquariusSeason… 
Photo: Let the games begin! #25thbday #February8th #teamAquarius #only2hrsaway #turnuponetimefortheturnup... 
Let the games begin! #25thbday #February8th #teamAquarius #only2hrsaway #turnuponetimefortheturnup… 
Even if you want to be in the spotlight, you might be better o... More for Aquarius 
You may be growing concerned that something isn't going accord... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Wait… I think I see it!! Right over there!! #teamAquarius #25thbday #timetoturnup #February8th... 
Wait... I think I see it!! Right over there!! #teamAquarius #25thbday #timetoturnup #February8th… 
Inner conflict may stress you out as you begin to reconsider a... More for Aquarius 
Photo: "Finally it has happened to me, right in front of my face and I just can not hide it…" (at Journeys) 
"Finally it has happened to me, right in front of my face and I just can not hide it..." @ Journeys 
I sincerely HATE this place... @ <FIRE> Hell <FIRE> 
There is an uneven progression to your accomplishments today. ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: That shit aint gonna fly! If you feel you have been wrongfully unfollowed tho, then show my page... 
That shit aint gonna fly! If you feel you have been wrongfully unfollowed tho, then show my page some… 
Photo: Now back to your regularly scheduled program. <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E> 
Now back to your regularly scheduled program. <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E> 
PSA: That shit ain't flying over here!! If you feel you have wrongfully unfollowed tho, then show my… 
You are here to shake up the world today and even if that's no... More for Aquarius 
Your finances may need a bit of untangling now, even if you th... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Quick lil last minute din din !! #nomnom #yum #quickitalianchicken &amp; #salad #pinkmoscato. 
Come see me on this #workflow &amp; buy some shoes!! Or socks! Or any of our other accessories!! #Journeys… 
You may feel as if your love life has been placed on the back ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I’ve been waiting for you beautiful… <FACE THROWING A KISS> 
I've been waiting for you beautiful... <FACE THROWING A KISS> 
Photo: However do you want me; however do you need me? Back to life, back to reality.. (at Journeys) 
However do you want me; however do you need me? Back to life, back to reality.. @ Journeys 
You might not be able to clearly express what you want with se... More for Aquarius 
The intuitive flashes now coming your way might put you in tou... More for Aquarius 
Photo: luvmedj: drivefast-tillwecrash: perfectly—iimperfect: omg loool If you don’t reblog this everytime... 
You're feeling the temptation to quit fighting for your belief... More for Aquarius 
I miss having a SUV!!! 
Sometimes your fantasies are like scenes out of a science fict... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Don’t forget to smile today! You never know who’s day it may brighten!! <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> (at Journeys) 
Don't forget to smile today! You never know who's day it may brighten!! <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> @ Journeys 
Your social calendar might light up today, since the Moon is n... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Weeeeeerrrrkkkkkk! Yes ma’am!! 
Photo:  
Photo: Happy now! <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Happy now! <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Photo: Idky, but I’m CRAVING pizza and wings right now!!! <SLICE OF PIZZA><SLICE OF PIZZA><POULTRY LEG><POULTRY LEG><CLINKING BEER MUGS> 
Idky, but I'm CRAVING pizza and wings right now!!! <SLICE OF PIZZA><SLICE OF PIZZA><POULTRY LEG><POULTRY LEG><CLINKING BEER MUGS> 
Your horizons are widening now, allowing you to peer far into ... More for Aquarius 
It's hard to keep your thoughts in line, even if you know what... More for Aquarius 
Someone's great idea might catch your attention today, but thi... More for Aquarius 
Smh.. <DISAPPOINTED FACE>
Photo: At work. Not feeling 100%. Killer headache &amp; just wanna sleep. Ugh… Only 5 more hours #facepalm... 
At work. Not feeling 100%. Killer headache &amp; just wanna sleep. Ugh... Only 5 more hours #facepalm… 
Can't get upset if you lose something you didn't try/fight to keep... ijs
Circumstances at work could be running rather smoothly today, ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I need to stop procrastinating!!! Ugh!!!!! #WorldCivilizationsII #someonewannadoitforme? Lls 
I need to stop procrastinating!!! Ugh!!!!! #WorldCivilizationsII #someonewannadoitforme? Lls 
Photo: In case you didn’t know.. This the season to TURN TF UP!!!!!!!!! AYYYYEEEEEE!!!!! #teamAquarius... 
In case you didn't know.. This the season to TURN TF UP!!!!!!!!! AYYYYEEEEEE!!!!! #teamAquarius… 
Photo: S/o to @kingvthe1st for the follow!!! Go check out his IG and his website... 
S/o to @kingvthe1st for the follow!!! Go check out his IG and his website… 
You may feel a strong rebellious streak within and wonder if y... More for Aquarius 
Photo: thisiselliz: niggaimdeadass: def4ced: Suga Momma dead? ^ O M G WHY DID I LAUGH SO HARD lol ^^^... 
Photo: WELL HEL THE FUCK LO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #rp #nuffsaid #speaksforitself #fuckhavingtime... 
WELL HEL THE FUCK LO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #rp #nuffsaid #speaksforitself #fuckhavingtime… 
Video: Can’t really see the snow, but this what I gotta drive home in.. Lawd! 
Can't really see the snow, but this what I gotta drive home in.. Lawd! 
You appear quite intense now that the willful Sun is traveling... More for Aquarius 
Photo: SNL #2 
Photo: kullipeppu: bigblueboo: 39. negative space THIS PISSES ME OFF. THIS PISSES ME THE FUCK OFF. This is... 
Photo:  
Photo: "You’ll never fly if you’re too scared of the heights.." #realizing (at Journeys) 
"You'll never fly if you're too scared of the heights.." #realizing @ Journeys 
Photo: This is what it looks like to work over 80hrs in a week with no days off and you don’t ever want to... 
This is what it looks like to work over 80hrs in a week with no days off and you don't ever want to… 
The Sun is now making its annual trek through your sign, signa... More for Aquarius 
You're eager to start something new, but reality still require... More for Aquarius 
Tensions in partnerships may take center stage, whether or not... More for Aquarius 
A friend or associate could present a real problem today. Alth... More for Aquarius 
Photo: <ELECTRIC LIGHT BULB> <VIDEO CAMERA> <CLAPPER BOARD> <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 
<ELECTRIC LIGHT BULB> <VIDEO CAMERA> <CLAPPER BOARD> <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 
As much as you may want to tell everyone what you know, today ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: rihannalb: Rihanna photoshooting for Vogue in Brazil. 
Photo: <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FEARFUL FACE><SLEEPING FACE> (at Journeys) 
Stop pushing your projects and ideas forward; instead, retreat... More for Aquarius 
Photo: #truestatement. 
Photo: Oh, &amp; in case you didn’t know!!! Finna turn up all season!! Ok maybe not all season!! But on 2/8... 
Photo: Breakfast of champions!! (at Journeys) 
Breakfast of champions!! @ Journeys 
You may feel disoriented today from your deepening emotions, b... More for Aquarius 
Photo: The struggle of starvation… #hungry #starving #famished #cantleavemystore #wherearemyppl... 
The struggle of starvation... #hungry #starving #famished #cantleavemystore #wherearemyppl… 
Knowing exactly what you want is crucial now that circumstance... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Today is the first day of a very long week!! The big boss is on vacay, so I’m 100% in charge all... 
Today is the first day of a very long week!! The big boss is on vacay, so I'm 100% in charge all… 
You might get the chance to diffuse a potentially challenging ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I’m so glad that you are by my side, seven if no one else is! <FACE THROWING A KISS><WINE GLASS> 
I'm so glad that you are by my side, seven if no one else is! <FACE THROWING A KISS><WINE GLASS> 
Photo: I’m trying… Lord knows I am!!! #repost 
I'm trying... Lord knows I am!!! #repost 
You want everyone to acknowledge that you have everything unde... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Loving my new socks!! #sockgang #sockporn #sockfetish #pacsun #onthebyas 
Loving my new socks!! #sockgang #sockporn #sockfetish #pacsun #onthebyas 
Photoset: spiffyspencer: itsbadasshhh: xdache: krissycbe: kisstheselipz: overalldopeness: trillaryclinton:... 
Photo: kudispace: Rest on my fellow Aggie #Aggiepride #NCAT #AnT4 
Photo:  
You may feel out of sync with your world now as circumstances ... More for Aquarius 
You are naturally adept at keeping your desires and needs to y... More for Aquarius 
Photo: How tf u deliver a package to a house that’s NOT on the package? Then how do u just not fuckin... 
How tf u deliver a package to a house that's NOT on the package? Then how do u just not fuckin deliver… 
Recognition is given to you now, especially if you have been w... More for Aquarius 
Photo: The devil!! #m&amp;m #peanut #favoritecandy #getthemawayfromme #cantfightmyinnerfatkid #yum #nomnom... 
The devil!! #m&amp;m #peanut #favoritecandy #getthemawayfromme #cantfightmyinnerfatkid #yum #nomnom… 
It's easy to give the impression that all is well today becaus... More for Aquarius 
Photo: That’s about right. 
That's about right. 
A bit of intellectual banter can add to the fun now, even if t... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
You can cleverly mislead yourself into believing that everythi... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Night. <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL> 
Night. <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL> 
Photo: So… apparently this psychologist knows me. I’ll check E for all of the above!! 
So... apparently this psychologist knows me. I'll check E for all of the above!! 
Unfortunately, you can't trust your senses today, making it di... More for Aquarius 
You might want to put a bit of distance between your thoughts ... More for Aquarius 
You are learning powerful lessons these days about what not to... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
Video: Rum Runners last night in Downtown Raleigh!! Crazy crowd! Fun tho! 
Rum Runners last night in Downtown Raleigh!! Crazy crowd! Fun tho! 
Photo: L.B. @monicabinit @letzjust_bee 
L.B. monicabinit letzjust_bee 
Photo: The Acorn last night for the Acorn Drop!! 
The Acorn last night for the Acorn Drop!! 
You might be inclined to take care of someone else's needs tod... More for Aquarius 
Video: at First Night Raleigh 
Just posted a video @ First Night Raleigh 
Video: Bye bye 2013!! @megmeera (at First Night Raleigh) 
Bye bye 2013!! megmeera @ First Night Raleigh 
Photo: Love her!! @megmeera 
Love her!! megmeera 
Bringing an unfinished project to a conclusion makes room for ... More for Aquarius 
You might think you're too busy to stop and process your feeli... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
Sharing your visions with those you trust can bring them close... More for Aquarius 
You could be at the edge of your limits today and every little... More for Aquarius 
You might feel as if you're running out of time, but there are... More for Aquarius 
Although this holiday week is a very busy time for many people... More for Aquarius 
Photo: "I hear if you stay ready, you ain’t gotta get ready.." #Christmasfit #ootd #MerryChristmas... 
"I hear if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready.." #Christmasfit #ootd #MerryChristmas… 
Photo: My little Christmas elf today!!! Boy do I miss him!! #mylittleman #minitwin #imissyou !! 
My little Christmas elf today!!! Boy do I miss him!! #mylittleman #minitwin #imissyou !! 
Thought I could do this, but I can't!! Wish I could be with my family.. &amp; seeing all these posts with… 
Photoset: By strongmanmike2002 
Controlling the wide swings of extreme emotions that come to t... More for Aquarius 
Doing what you are told could end up taking more time today th... More for Aquarius 
Your desire to make long-term plans can be quite frustrating s... More for Aquarius 
You may grow uncomfortable if someone raises a sensitive issue... More for Aquarius 
Feelings of paranoia may surface today, but the truth is that ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Drake at Beyonce’s album release party 
Photo: UGLY SWEATER CHRISTMAS PARTY IS TOMORROW!!!!!! @letzjust_bee @monicabinit &amp; myself will be hosting... 
UGLY SWEATER CHRISTMAS PARTY IS TOMORROW!!!!!! letzjust_bee monicabinit &amp; myself will be hosting this… 
Photo: Good fuckin morning. <FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL> 
Good fuckin morning. <FISTED HAND SIGN><FISTED HAND SIGN><ANGER SYMBOL><ANGER SYMBOL> 
You may strive to take a centrist position today because you r... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Over worked is such an understatement.. #tired #work #exhausted #overworked #justwannasleep 
Over worked is such an understatement.. #tired #work #exhausted #overworked #justwannasleep 
You may think you have to share every little detail in order t... More for Aquarius 
Photo: damngary: I am going to just keep reblogging this thing forever. I just died! Haha!! 
Although you might wish you could take the day off and even lo... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: blackfashion: The new face of Balmain is Rihanna. Photographed by Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh... 
Photo: WHY ARE PPL SO STUPID?!? I can not and sure as hell will not deal with this shit today!!! Get ya... 
WHY ARE PPL SO STUPID?!? I can not and sure as hell will not deal with this shit today!!! Get ya shit… 
Don't attempt to make everything fit into place now that the f... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I’m just so tired.. #overit #mentallydrained #emotionallydrained #physicallydrained #icantanymore... 
I'm just so tired.. #overit #mentallydrained #emotionallydrained #physicallydrained #icantanymore… 
Photo: Thought of the day <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> #rp 
Thought of the day <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> #rp 
You might be very surprised with all the changes occurring in ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: #clutch (at Bojangles’ Famous Chicken ‘n Biscuits) 
#clutch @ Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits 
Photo: enough said. #rp from @letzjust_bee I believe its time for isolation. &amp; sleep. 
enough said. #rp from letzjust_bee I believe its time for isolation. &amp; sleep. 
You're like the Energizer bunny today and your spirits lift as... More for Aquarius 
You may think that family commitments are holding you back, bu... More for Aquarius 
You may be torn between what your senses tell you today and wh... More for Aquarius 
Anybody got the link for that Beyonce album?
Photo: Be a dead bitch if you wanna.. #fuckwhatyouheard #yeaimcrazy #getchalife #beforeitakeitfromyou!!!... 
Be a dead bitch if you wanna.. #fuckwhatyouheard #yeaimcrazy #getchalife #beforeitakeitfromyou!!! @… 
You aren't in a mood to be messed with today, especially if yo... More for Aquarius 
Which baby are you? - mgschoolboy69: extremeaznlove: rysball: jayshausoffitness: JANUARY BABY... 
Photo: rawrxja: "I saw this elderly gentleman dining by himself, with an old picture of a lady in front of... 
Nothing is as simple as it could be if only you were willing t... More for Aquarius 
You might lose focus today because it seems more fun to imagin... More for Aquarius 
Photo: That about sums it up… #yup. #rp 
That about sums it up... #yup. #rp 
Photo: the boss and I ready to GO!!! @mytwokidz #manager &amp; #comanager #foolish #gottahavefun (at Danville... 
the boss and I ready to GO!!! @2my2kz #manager &amp; #comanager #foolish #gottahavefun @ Danville Mall 
Photo: b.o.r.e.d. 
b.o.r.e.d. 
Photo: Chillin on my brizzniieee!! #full #tired #dontwannagobacktowork #scruffy #beanie #keepontruckin (at... 
Chillin on my brizzniieee!! #full #tired #dontwannagobacktowork #scruffy #beanie #keepontruckin @… 
You may have to deal with complicated money issues today, yet ... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
Photo: *rp ßtur 
*rp ßtur 
An emotional issue that prevents you from having fun can be ra... More for Aquarius 
Taming your rebellious instincts can be challenging now, so it... More for Aquarius 
New ideas are jumping into awareness now like corn popping in ... More for Aquarius 
Your social life is on the upswing now because you are more dr... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I’m sooo hungry!!!! I want breakfast food tho!! 
I'm sooo hungry!!!! I want breakfast food tho!! 
You might decide to go into hiding now as the reflective Moon ... More for Aquarius 
Staying on target is tricky now, because your mind naturally d... More for Aquarius 
You have a cheerful attitude and it seems as if everyone's tak... More for Aquarius 
Photo: doesn’t ever seem to fail.. <PENSIVE FACE> #goodnight (at somewhere alone..) 
doesn't ever seem to fail.. <PENSIVE FACE> #goodnight @ somewhere alone.. 
Photo: The music keeps playing &amp; ya heart starts jumping &amp; ya head keeps spinning cuz the bass keeps... 
The music keeps playing &amp; ya heart starts jumping &amp; ya head keeps spinning cuz the bass keeps turning… 
You are aware of trivial problems that are tied to deeper issu... More for Aquarius 
Lightning may strike suddenly and change your social standing ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Yup. Don’t take me for granted!! #rp 
Yup. Don't take me for granted!! #rp 
Photo: Black Friday stress reliever!! #muchneeded #dranks #redbull #vodka #yum #gimmiemore #imalush #sowhat?... 
Black Friday stress reliever!! #muchneeded #dranks #redbull #vodka #yum #gimmiemore #imalush #sowhat?… 
Photo: #done #tired #nomoretears #nomorelies #metime #switchinggears #donewiththis #overit 
#done #tired #nomoretears #nomorelies #metime #switchinggears #donewiththis #overit 
Photo: A nigga is TIRED!!! <PERSEVERING FACE><UNAMUSED FACE> 
A nigga is TIRED!!! <PERSEVERING FACE><UNAMUSED FACE> 
The most boring tasks can morph into lots of fun if you only a... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I’m soo over thus bull ish. Eff a black Friday! Ain’t nobody even here!!!!!!!!!!!! <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE> I’m OVER IT!!!... 
I'm soo over thus bull ish. Eff a black Friday! Ain't nobody even here!!!!!!!!!!!! <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE> I'm OVER IT!!!… 
Photo:  
Photo: Everyone that’s planning to go shopping, please read!! I will not be taking any bs today. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING> #repost... 
Everyone that's planning to go shopping, please read!! I will not be taking any bs today. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING> #repost… 
Photo: I’m so serious about this plate tho? Food and dessert. Multiple plates would be a bonus. PLEASE!!!! 
I'm so serious about this plate tho? Food and dessert. Multiple plates would be a bonus. PLEASE!!!! 
You want to be appreciated for your actions today and your cur... More for Aquarius 
Photo: the more money we come across, the more problems we see.. (at The Highlander Restaurant) 
the more money we come across, the more problems we see.. @ The Highlander Restaurant 
Photo: Needed this to the MAX!!!! #cherryvodka #coke #relaxer #stillpissedtho #imdone #overit #fucklife... 
Needed this to the MAX!!!! #cherryvodka #coke #relaxer #stillpissedtho #imdone #overit #fucklife… 
Photo: Bs. <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE> 
Bs. <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE> 
I have stretch marks. - smallerbenz: Reblog if you do too. Just to prove that it is more normal than what... 
Photo: #notagoodday #inmyfeelings #upset #hurt #sad #stressedout #irritated #tense #frustrated... 
#notagoodday #inmyfeelings #upset #hurt #sad #stressedout #irritated #tense #frustrated… 
You want to be known as a considerate friend who puts the wish... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Why has @megmeera been reading my mind lately? Lol thanks for this #rp 
Why has megmeera been reading my mind lately? Lol thanks for this #rp 
Photo: Look at my lil stinka!! This is the only thing that has made me smile today!!! Wish I lived closer to... 
Look at my lil stinka!! This is the only thing that has made me smile today!!! Wish I lived closer to… 
Photo: When I tell you I’m tired, I mean that IM FUCKIN TIRED AS SHIT!!!! I’m just going thru the motions.... 
When I tell you I'm tired, I mean that IM FUCKIN TIRED AS SHIT!!!! I'm just going thru the motions.… 
Circumstances might force you to think about an old emotional ... More for Aquarius 
You may be tempted to forget about your job-related responsibi... More for Aquarius 
Photo: You’re actions always show how you really feel. Thanks. #rp 
You're actions always show how you really feel. Thanks. #rp 
Are you fucking kidding me? Smfh.. #Goodnight 
Yall do me a favor and follow this chick!! She crazy and funny as hell!! rosebud_khalifa 
Let's give this a try. Its gonna be a #s4s, so shout me out first. @ me and tag #shoutoutsunday. After… 
Photo: <HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK>I’ll be here just swangin. Don’t talk to me like I’m famous. And don’t assume cuz I don’t respect... 
<HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK>I'll be here just swangin. Don't talk to me like I'm famous. And don't assume cuz I don't respect… 
It's wonderful when you enhance reality with all your favorite... More for Aquarius 
Photo: "don’t fuck wit my nigga doe" #rp from last night. 
"don't fuck wit my nigga doe" #rp from last night. 
You've stepped into the fun house at the carnival and now find... More for Aquarius 
You may receive much-needed support now that the Sun is pushin... More for Aquarius 
Photo: SMORES!! #nomnomnom 
SMORES!! #nomnomnom 
Video: Chillin fireside <FIRE><FIRE><FIRE> 
Chillin fireside <FIRE><FIRE><FIRE> 
You're done trying to please everyone else. Instead of playing... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: keyblade-cub: Lmao!! 
You might know exactly how to improve your health now, yet you... More for Aquarius 
Expressing your enthusiasm at work is normally a smart strateg... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Now that you’re gone, I feel off and incomplete… #unbalanced #missingyoualready #missingmyotherhalf... 
Now that you're gone, I feel off and incomplete... #unbalanced #missingyoualready #missingmyotherhalf… 
Although you could get quite excited by the prospect of enjoyi... More for Aquarius 
Photo: #inmyfeelings #missingyoualready #criedallday #ily #wishyoudidntleave #comeback #NOW... 
#inmyfeelings #missingyoualready #criedallday #ily #wishyoudidntleave #comeback #NOW monsieurdebonair 
Emotional satisfaction can be yours now if you don't get too d... More for Aquarius 
Your inner resolve is strong today and the Moon's sweep throug... More for Aquarius 
Expending a lot of physical energy today makes it easier to ma... More for Aquarius 
Photo: So glad he finally came to visit!!!! @monsieurdebonair Hope you love my friends!! @katie_lee05... 
So glad he finally came to visit!!!! monsieurdebonair Hope you love my friends!! @katied05 kimmydawn76… 
It's nearly impossible for you to conform to the status quo. Y... More for Aquarius 
You might want to shake everything up today, but change isn't ... More for Aquarius 
Your hard work may be rewarded by a bigger paycheck or, at lea... More for Aquarius 
Your dreams appear to be so close today that you mistakenly be... More for Aquarius 
Your passionate words may have more impact today than you expe... More for Aquarius 
Photo: I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning… ugh!! 
I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning... ugh!! 
You may be inclined to spend money on something you don't real... More for Aquarius 
You are probably quite social today, yet your interactions wit... More for Aquarius 
Your nervous system may be gently rebelling as visions come an... More for Aquarius 
If you experience trouble at work today, don't simply assume t... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Its been a good day. Well needed rest! 
Its been a good day. Well needed rest! 
You don't want to be seen as the responsible one today. And al... More for Aquarius 
Photo: "My high school reunion might be worth an appearance. Make everybody have to go through security... 
"My high school reunion might be worth an appearance. Make everybody have to go through security… 
Photo: So glad I got to see my brothers from another, this weekend!!!! These two are practically blood to me... 
So glad I got to see my brothers from another, this weekend!!!! These two are practically blood to me… 
You're quite likely to succeed now, partly because you're unwi... More for Aquarius 
Your career goals are more important than anything else now th... More for Aquarius 
Although you are still in the process of stepping into a bigge... More for Aquarius 
You need your independence now and might quickly grow rebellio... More for Aquarius 
Although it might be a particularly busy day, you may have qua... More for Aquarius 
Photo: thelifeofacutter: Congrats. that about sums it up.. 
*sigh* :( @ my lonely bed 
You are seeking ways to advance professionally and may find yo... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: iamrickyhoover: recoverykitty: chelsea-cakes: I was looking at ideas for costumes that would go... 
An effective relationship at work may cool off a bit or one of... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Bout to make love!! #Franks #cheesesteak #fries #arnoldpalmer #foodporn #sogood #foodislife... 
Bout to make love!! #Franks #cheesesteak #fries #arnoldpalmer #foodporn #sogood #foodislife… 
Your partner or a coworker may come down on you harshly today,... More for Aquarius 
You may feel lucky to have a loyal partner or playmate, but it... More for Aquarius 
You're weary of struggling to transform your most ingenious id... More for Aquarius 
Photo: Me and Nora drifting off!! #goodnight 
Me and Nora drifting off!! #goodnight 
Your current lack of a concrete plan won't necessarily get in ... More for Aquarius 
Although relationship dynamics may be a bit confusing these da... More for Aquarius 
You can sense a shift of the energy today into a deeper and mo... More for Aquarius 
Photo: My big cuzzo got it right with this one!!! Minus a lil detail tho. 
My big cuzzo got it right with this one!!! Minus a lil detail tho. 
Photo: understand this &amp; you may understand why some people are the way they are. #ijs #itstruethough... 
understand this &amp; you may understand why some people are the way they are. #ijs #itstruethough… 
You are ready for fun and games now that the Moon is lighting ... More for Aquarius 
Instead of pushing forward on your career path, it might make ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: weallneedaxanax: i-am-a-fucking-smurf: thehipsterlifestyle: rockpapertheodore: christina-mcdonald:... 
Photo: This bed and I are bout to get it in real soon!!! (at Woodland Heights Apt) 
This bed and I are bout to get it in real soon!!! @ Woodland Heights Apt 
First day on the new job:: Complete!! Had a great first day, and even more excited to see what my… 
You want to examine both sides of a complicated issue now, but... More for Aquarius 
How would I look with a nose piercing? Hmmmm..
This bed is sooo comfy!!! I think im stuck!!! letzjust_bee lol 
You might believe that you are being quite clear in your commu... More for Aquarius 
I think im ready to get married... but there is still things that need to be fixed.
:-(
I don't have time for messy queens!!
Tengo mucho hombre y clase de español es aburrido!! @ Piedmont Community College 
Tension develops on the home front as you feel real pressure t... More for Aquarius 
smdh.. :-||
Smh..
A heightened pace of activities, along with the many distracti... More for Aquarius 
Nearly everyone will find you more sociable and charming today... More for Aquarius 
- knows you
- trusts you
- loves you
- respects you
- honors you
- supports you
- wants you
- apprec…
I don't feel good...
Sooo.... letzjust_bee monicabinit umm... Im mad yall!!!!! Oh well tho... long as I get to see… 
Im sooo hungry!!! I REALLY want a chicken biscuit from the #CFA
This is an intense period as you delve into the mysteries of y... More for Aquarius 
Settling back into an old relationship dynamic might seem like... More for Aquarius 
This just blew my mind!!! I really needed this right now. And I think someone else does too!! These… 
;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(
Your chances for success are strengthened by today's intellige... More for Aquarius 
Posted. Lol @ The Woods of Terror 
Hell naw!!!!! Fuck that!!! monicabinit and Kendall !! #WOODSOFTERROR @ The Woods of Terror 
#WOODSOFTERROR!!!!! #FuckSnakes!!!! 
Photoset: unclefather: chloe’s face like “why is this hoe actin like this” 
Waiting for this chinese food!! Nigga on famished mode right now!!!! Id like for them to hurry.. @… 
Currently speaking VOLUMES!!!! #repost #nomorebegging #notfair #nofighting #silencespeaksvolumes!! 
Your friends may appear to be more serious about a particular ... More for Aquarius 
This nigga fell asleep just like this!!!! TF!!!??? HAHAHA!!!! @ayoobreezy_s2p 
You think you have an ace up your sleeve today, but you could ... More for Aquarius 
Im going to bed. Leave me the fuck alone pls...
#FUCKIT #DONE #OVERIT 
You might think you're fully aware of what's best for everyone... More for Aquarius 
I needa take my sick butt to bed!! Not gonna get better if I dont rest.. smh.
Idk why I continue to expect something different...
This lil girl is gonna work my last nerve!!! I feel it!!!!! #puppy #puppylove #chiweenie #Sadie… 
Your vivid imagination is running on overdrive now and it's ex... More for Aquarius 
"&amp; I just need time to see, where I wanna be... where I wanna be!" &lt;/3:-/;-(
Im so tired of broken promises and failed attempts.. :-/
It's nearly impossible to think about having fun when things a... More for Aquarius 
Photoset: 808sncupcakes: therenaissanceratchet: musicalcow: besturlhere: theshriekmaster: lightsaurora:... 
;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(;-(
I deserve, what I'm not getting!!! What am I supposed to do?
#rp #point #blank #period !!! 
Being appreciated for your contributions at work is a real boo... More for Aquarius 
We may have a problem.. why she wide awake? Lol 
Everyone, meet Sadie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im sooo hype right now!!!!!!! My new pup!!!! 
Im not in a good mood. Kinda pissed actually...
There may be a recent misunderstanding or a mistake that conti... More for Aquarius 
Photo:  
I would like to just take this time to give a huge THANK YOU!!!! to all those who actually said a… 
Photo:  
Photo: This long dick nigga ain’t for the long talking now beast 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: blackfashion: Rihanna photographed by Terry Tsiolis for Glamour Magazine November 2013 :) 
Your key planet Uranus keeps you on pins and needles all day t... More for Aquarius 
Im def feelin some type of way..
You have an exciting opportunity to expand your horizons now b... More for Aquarius 
Pls dont let me be getting sick Lord!!!
Photo:  
I want Dairy Queen!
Sometimes when others feel tension, you just feel the buzz of ... More for Aquarius 
Tryna make these hookah hurricanes! Lls #hookah #hurricanes #hookahnight #hookahtricks #ikindagotit… 
Video: -lsd: fuckyeahrihanna: Rihanna - Pour It Up (Official Video) Oh shitttttt Yassss!!!!!! 
Your overall situation is growing brighter day by day, but the... More for Aquarius 
Storms are growing in intensity today, but the lightning hasn'... More for Aquarius 
Your fantasies are luring you off into the distant future or o... More for Aquarius 
Dynamics are shifting at work today, and it may take a while t... More for Aquarius 
You might be caught up in a larger pattern that you can't cont... More for Aquarius 
You're usually captivated by concepts more than being interest... More for Aquarius 
. 
&amp; on that note, good tf night!! Hoping for good news when I wake!! 
@KhalamityJane I miss you too love!!!!
Why do I even try..?
So ready!! :D @ this blissful heaven! 
The face of a tired, hardworking man!! #AmericanEagle is really gettin the best of me with this temp… 
3rd and final interview with the head honcho!! Lets get it!!! #fingerscrossed #prayforme 
Smh..
During these past few weeks you might have reconsidered what's... More for Aquarius 
This song has been speaking volumes to me lately... #pieces #tamarbraxton #speakstome… 
Self explanatory... #repost #goodnight. 
Can't get upset at a situation you caused, &amp; not even trying to correct..
Thank you Lord!! Just keep on doing what you do!! 
Did I forget to mention that after my interview yesterday,  I got a call for the follow up interview… 
You're confident that you're being absolutely clear about your... More for Aquarius 
Cant fuckin sleep... im pissed, excited, upset, scared, sad, happy, just a big ball of fuck ass emotions!!! Gahhh.. fuck dis shit!!!
Anybody want em? Cuz I sure as hell don't... way to ruin a great day!!! Smh, good tf night! @ in bed… 
I shouldnt have to explain. It should already be known.. it should have been corrected on its on!!!! Wtfe.. #movingon
Thanks guys!!!! *cheesy grin* 
Outside waitin for class to start. Ready to take this last test.. #praying #prayforme #pcc #mathsux… 
Just got home from the #interviewflow !! It seems to have went really well!! #fingerscrossed #praying… 
You have an opportunity now to alter your current patterns and... More for Aquarius 
Things are much better in dreamland.. hard to get there when you can't sleep tho. #rp #awake… 
Goin to bed now. Bored/mad/pissed the fuck off!! Fuck it... g'night ya little twigglets!!
smh... yup. kinda glad its off now!! #goodnight #alone #notexts #nocalls #dontrely 
You are likely to receive much-needed support from family memb... More for Aquarius 
Party bus flow!!!! @PERFECTnahimNOT letzjust_bee !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO @sammywayne1 !!!!! @ PARTY BUS !!!! 
Although you are quite preoccupied with your professional deve... More for Aquarius 
Im NOT playin games..
This fair candy apple tho &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so good!!! 
You may feel as if everyone is ganging up on you today, but th... More for Aquarius 
You're thrilled about what you're doing today because you are ... More for Aquarius 
Im kinda feelin some type of way..
This girl really be trying!! HA!
Just woke up from my nap. I soo don't feel like going to this class tonight. #sigh 
= down time at work. uhg... grinding never ends!! @ Therasport 
Getting a handle on your fiscal situation is a challenging tas... More for Aquarius 
The truth is in the actions taken, not the words that are spoken.
Really tryna prevent myself from flying off the hinges! Uhg..................... FUCKKKKKK!!!!
I just HOLLERED!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAH #weak #dead #nowalls #butugotios7 #fancyhuh? Lls!!!! #rp 
Im soo fuckin of these damn tears? Why are they even hear? Why do I allow this shit? Is something wrong with me?
That just really pissed me off!! How are things supposed.. u know what? Nvm.. FUCK IT!! Goodnight!
Not feeling so hot...
Unfortunately, there's no room on your schedule to surrender t... More for Aquarius 
fuckin ass.
Photo:  
A financial decision that has been weighing heavily on your mi... More for Aquarius 
Annnnd cut!! Well guys, thats a wrap!!!!! #done
*throws hands in the air* FUCK IT!!! Im sooo over this shit! Like for real!! Who the fuck decided to… 
Aint this the truth? #trust #letdown #takingadvantage #unfair 
You may already be thinking ahead toward the holiday season, e... More for Aquarius 
finally... @ my bed 
You are driven to understand your personal world today, but th... More for Aquarius 
no caption. 
You have a number of projects you want to complete this weeken... More for Aquarius 
On the ferris wheel !! @ Ferris Wheel 
@PERFECTnahimNOT sayin fuck this ferris wheel!!! @ Ferris Wheel 
Uhg...
Photoset: 8bit-ghost: angeldemon101: amroyounes: I used to put my ping pong balls in boiling water for a few... 
You can charm your way out of a tricky situation with the help... More for Aquarius 
Im REAL hungry!!!!
Messages may pop into awareness in symbolic form today and you... More for Aquarius 
I need to be realisitc.. &amp; reality is, it isn't gonna happen!!! ;-(
Only hurting myself... why do I always allow my hopes to get so high? :-(
It may feel like a split-personality day, yet holding both per... More for Aquarius 
Asking everyine to #repost this!! Its National Suicide Awareness week. Posting this maybe be the… 
Definitely feeling this distance today... :( 
The pace of your life is settling down enough for you to tempo... More for Aquarius 
Photo: YESS!!! 
Photo: I need to start posting more.. lol. This from the beach about a month ago. 
#mcm, #amiyours ? Lls 
Damn... sad, but true! #speaksvolumes #gotthatactright? #theone isityou? #actionssayitall!!! 
You are determined to reach your goals now, yet you may still ... More for Aquarius 
:-/
Photo: Exactly how I feel! 
Straight fat ass mode!!! &amp;idc!!! #fatass #phatass #icecream #cookies #foodlion #mvp 
"Where would I be, if I didnt have you by myside? I'm so blessed!!" Omw to church this beautiful morning!
You might be judged for what you say or what you write, even i... More for Aquarius 
U cant tell, but this one "spits"!! When I tell you, the lady behind me almost got beat cuz I had my… 
I hate havin to crop these pics sometimes.. but, givin my lil bro as an offering!! 
#DINOSAURSAREBACK exhibit!! Sooo glad these things dont exist now!! 
Baby Gorilla !!! Was too cute!! #babygorilla #aww 
#ZABOOMAFOO #Lemur #didispellthatright? #ohwell 
The two at the top were fighting, throwin they necks alla around . Hitting each other with their… 
Was a great day to go to the Zoo with the fam!! Prepare yourself for more pics down ya timeline!… 
Just perfect.. :-(
I have no clue whats going on right now... tryin not to cry tho!! Uhg..
@RossRyelle no, im really not!
Resolving your feelings in personal relationships is complicat... More for Aquarius 
Thank you Marylin!! :) #rp 
Everyone comes before me.. like always!!
#alone #tired #yourdreams #notapartof #drifting #hurt #upset #ydc #bymyself #sigh #inmyfeelings 
"I deserve more than just a little part. I dont want nothing, if I cant have it all.. I dont want your pieces!"
Smh..
Guess ill be getting some school work done. Just found out I got the whole weekend off..
Well... what to do tmrw?
You're determined to reach your goals but a series of distract... More for Aquarius 
Yea.. #9 is definitely my song!!!
Got my copy &amp; its absolute LOVEE!!! I swear @tamarbraxtonher had my personal journal when she made… 
To all my fellow followers out there in #AggieLand, today is the day to go see if you got what it… 
My stomach is killing me today early this morning!! I do not have time for this!!
Exploring relationship dynamics may be awkward because talking... More for Aquarius 
#pissed !!!!!!!!!
Why do I expect anything more? Hmm.. probably cuz I deserve it!! #pullingback
Well said Bill, well said! ;) 
Yea, im upset now.. smh.
You might not be ready to engage the passion that someone else... More for Aquarius 
Photo: adickted2boys: I can imagine that’s his “I’m bout to nut” face. 
I really do not have high demands.. at all!! :-(
Literally just got up and had a praise break here at work. YES LORD I NEEDED THIS!!!! Hallelujah!!!!… 
If you're feeling a bit off center today, you might respond in... More for Aquarius 
To my true friends and family, and anyone else who'd like to, please pray for me..
I dont wanna be here..
Im soo close to done!! The ice is crackin beneath me!! And fast too..
Can something just work out in my favor pls?? #prayingforachange
I swear... ima go off one of these days!!
I am really beginning to hate this place.. shade everywhere!
Your life feels unsettled today, yet something may happen that... More for Aquarius 
Im missin someone that im tryna be mad at..
Something light for this lil #laborday #whiteparty ! #sundayfunday see ya there! 
Smh.. &gt;.&gt;
I really want some chocolate cake!!!!!!!
Im tired of feeling like I dont matter. What I say is always wrong..
I really don't feel good. I feel sick to my stomach ;-(;-(
Everything might feel a little out of whack today, especially ... More for Aquarius 
Fuck it... goodnight!
Over it...
Yea... im pissed for sure now!!
Ppl who dont kno my situation having a convo and said "whats the point of being with someone u cant be with"
I just got upset..
Im a little annoyed.. &gt;.&gt;
I swear... AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! :-||:-||:-||:-||:-||
Sooo true!!!! #repost #realpost 
After so many times, "im sorry" begins to mean nothing..
So true.. #rp 
Try not to take others by surprise with your unusual behavior ... More for Aquarius 
Uhg... that dream tho &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; :-/&lt;/3
Photoset: jocelynbeexo: Me 
Over the bullshit. Good night world
My after work events of today.. piolside relaxation with my awesome drank ;) in my awesome cup!! @… 
Aint much % in it, but it still tadtes good!! #mikeshard #cranberrylemonade #yum #chill #relax #enjoy 
Sittin in this pizzarreia waitin for this food to get done. #pickinupfoodforthefam #pizza #wings… 
Ahh yuuup!! *in my YingYang Twins voice* #truthbetold #truestatement #factsoflife #factofthematteris 
Just cleanin the pretty pool at work!! Just wish therr was a sun room in there so when patients aren't… 
You may be a bit anxious today because the moody Cancer Moon h... More for Aquarius 
Feeling... relaxed. Hope this "good" feeling lasts for a little while.
You might be inclined to set off on your own, but you still ca... More for Aquarius 
Shit aint addin up!!!
Im shaking!! Im done!!!!
You may be surprised by the intensity of your own feelings now... More for Aquarius 
"Trust your instincts ans follow your feelings.." #sigh 
Im definitely not feelin too hot...
enough said. 
There's someone out there who has a very special message for y... More for Aquarius 
That dream tho &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; :-||&gt;.&gt;;-(:-(:-/;-(&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3
More tear drops been added to my pillow.. :-/
really? smh... -_-
-- what you eat don't make me shit &amp;&amp; who you fuck don't make me cum. put a price on my head won't… 
Well.. finna take these pills and knock out!! G'night !!
If anything I've ever said b4 was actually listened too, that would have been understood.
This is soo weird!! Why am I getting sad and about to cry?
*sigh* exactly...
:-/
Tryna keep my composure at work, but this lump in my throat is hard to rid!!
Didn't ever think it'd get here, but I feel it happening. :-/&lt;/3;-(
Im way past done
Your craving for connection pushes you one way today, while yo... More for Aquarius 
my heart yearns for what it is unable to receive.. &lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3
speaking volumes.. #repost 
*grabs tissue*
@RafiSynclair YASS LAWD!! Im in tears literally!!!
O.M.G. *grabs chinese fan* definitely feeling some type of good right now!!
I am soo done with LIFE right now!!!! #LMMFAO!!!!!!!!!! There are no fucks given!!!!!! Where are the… 
I'm so happy im in tears
Wait... was that really it Justin? You used up all this time for urself?
AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! N'SYNC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ima be a lil bitch and cry and not think twice!!!!!!!!
HAHA!!!!!! At least "she's a really cool dancer" !! #repost #imweak #lmao 
Well.. 3 hrs later. &amp; I'm done.
Plannin my life for me! Thats what I should have been doing all along..
Unrealistic expectations about a recent investment or a large ... More for Aquarius 
I dont like her.. hmmm. Yea, no. I dont.
Various streams of information flow together and make perfect ... More for Aquarius 
Photo: just relax.. 
Photo: blessedcouture: Like &amp; Reblog to enter the giveaway *crosses fingers* 
When I tell you this bitch went all the way off with this song!! Yessss!!!!!!! #newfav #loveit… 
Ya kno, some ppl just really don't know how to be a friend. Let alone, a good friend! #repost… 
The more you try to get things under control today, the crazie... More for Aquarius 
#rp #realpost  #POW. #dropsmic 
#repost #realpost #truth #facts #timeforchange #thatswhatObamasaid #ims #getittogether 
Today's lunch. #papajohns #pizza #leftovers #greentea #citrus #lipton #nomnomnom !! 
I need to see the dentist or oral surgeon ASAP!! These 4 back teeth have got to go!!
Last week may have been filled with sudden unplanned changes. ... More for Aquarius 
Wide awake. Of course!
Trey Songz: Love Lost. 
Nothing I say matters..
#truthis #imtired #dontwanttobestrong #itshard #wanttocry #ihatethisshit #overit #inmyfeelings… 
I really just feel like having an emotional break down.. and I really don't even know why! O.o
&amp;&amp;&amp; its that time again!!! My Wednesday night view!! I ain't mad tho!! #grindtime #movingup #education… 
Chill day; rockin the #DSU #sportsmed shirt!! My high school internship!! I miss high school days...… 
Snap chat me :) - @ jupiiterlovee 
I oh soo badly wanna go thrifting.. but I oh ao badly dont need to spend money!
Entertaining daydreams about material wealth might motivate yo... More for Aquarius 
Walkin into my first class of the semester! :-S
You may think that you know what you need, yet your moods fluc... More for Aquarius 
This just made me real sad.. just a week or so ago I was talking with someone about "Jet Jackson" and… 
You are receiving signals from outer space today, but they may... More for Aquarius 
Been so long since ive had a day like this.. its good to have a bum day every once &amp; a while!! Ready… 
Companionship arrives in unusual forms today and broadens your... More for Aquarius 
I really do hate myself.. ;-(;-(;-(
Why is it always older women that hit on me? Only if they can be a suga mama!! Lls!!
Im on my last straw..
You're the author of your own story, so thats all on you
Place all systems on high alert today so you can minimize any ... More for Aquarius 
Im letting go..
Fuck it!! #done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-||:-||:-||:-||
And on that note, im takin my ass to bed. Good the fuck night!! ;-)
God is moving the clouds that are blocking my bright light, &amp; I thank him for that!! Moving up and… 
W.e
Didnt even last 24hrs.. smg! This that bs I be talkin bout.  Mood just went all the way left!!
You better say my name!!
The call of far-away places and great adventures beckons, but ... More for Aquarius 
"Or do u not think so far ahead.. cuz I been thinkin bout forever!"
Every time I hear this song, I think of @khalamityjane killin it at Label on my birthday night!! That… 
I need to get these teeth pulled asap!! #inpain!!
If I had a body, I'd probably be a stripper!!
I need some tattoos on my body!!
You kno.. im really PISSED THE FUCK OFF!!!! I hate ppl.. -_-
Im falling asleep.. no no!! Wake up!!!
So glad to be home with my feet off the ground now.. #relax #longday #socks #aesocks #comfy… 
Im trying not to have a break down at work.
#repost #realpost 
Guess every story doesn't end happily ever after...
I feek like such a kid when I bring a packee lunch to work! Lol #hamandcheese #sandwich #bbqchips… 
Inviting a few friends over for a social gathering sounds like... More for Aquarius 
Together my ass!! Fuck it..
Just messed up my mood... Thanks :-$
Why call me, yet carry conversations with everyone in the background?! #petpeeve!!
Your wonderful quirky self shows up in spades today. You need ... More for Aquarius 
I need to be getting mysekf ready for work tmrw... uhg!!
I got the itis.. *yawn*
Thought I hang out b4 the rain comes !! @ the pool 
Photoset: musicmanonsax: magnusnoir: panzerbjoern: pagethreehundredandninety-four: foodfuckery: Churro Bites... 
You don't mind complexity; in fact, you're often drawn to tric... More for Aquarius 
I just wanna be loved like im supposed to be :-(
God's showing me who are blessins and who are lessons.. tryna see your name on the list.. :-/
Im tired of being a nice guy.. finishing last all the time!
Photoset: bollyspired: beautifully—ordinary: ********ATTENTION VIRGINIA********** This is Alexis Murphy, 17,... 
with?
Is it to late to take this muscle relaxer? Its not like I got anything too major to do tmrw.. hmm?
I got decisions to make.
One day, I WILL be able to purchase a million dollar home for my family and myself!
&amp; the truth sets you free.. #Aquarius #teamAquarius #February8th #horoscope 
Im PMSing.
Your thoughts are spinning in circles today because you can't ... More for Aquarius 
Uhg!!! I hate youuu!!!!! ;-(;-(:-||:-||
God's been good to me, and I trust he will continue to do so!! He is setting me up for something… 
I need to leave this fuck ass city!!!!!!
There are too many toxins in my life right now... time to di some deeo cleansing!!
You don't always take kindly to other people's demands. In fac... More for Aquarius 
It's no fun to be the source of discomfort for someone else to... More for Aquarius 
Sometimes you choose to avoid intense emotional interactions b... More for Aquarius 
This chapter is coming to a close..
FUCKIN BULL SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3&lt;/3
I'm a drop the album the same day as Kanye just to show the boys the man now like Wanyá and I don't… 
Seem like the whole city go against me Every time I'm in the street I hear YAWK! YAWK! YAWK! YAWK! 
My deliciousness last night! #carribeanbeach #boozeinablender #margaritaville #myrtlebeach #goodtimes 
I would just like to take the time out to give a very special shout out to a very special person!!!… 
*sigh*
I'll miss this.. 
Well Myrtle.. its been real. Until next time :) @ Oceanfront 
You are highly observant of those you love and may often accur... More for Aquarius 
Ayyyeeee 
took a night for you.. @ Hotel Blue 
Last night footage. Restroom pics at Parrot Bay!! #greattime #greatfriends #greatdrinks #feelgood… 
The emphasis on relationships continues today, but it's diffic... More for Aquarius 
Catchin these rays :) @ Oceanfront 
Morning IG fam!! Here's a lil inspirational #rp!! #simmeronit #truestatement #facts #notjustapromise… 
The Leo New Moon in your 7th House of Companions suggests you ... More for Aquarius 
Shout out to @kaynificent !! Up and coming fashion page showin off cute styles from cute ppl!! :) 
Oh lord... just saw something I didnt wanna see! Ima be paranoid all night now!!
So happy to finally get away!!! @ Mixx Swim Up Pool Bar at Hotel Blue 
Love it!! @ Mixx Swim Up Pool Bar at Hotel Blue 
B E A C H . B O U N D !
@BEE_YOUR_VIXEN hey boo im at the school. And we are finishing up. So I should be leavin soon!! I dont have service in her
The Sun and the Moon activate your 7th House of Relationships ... More for Aquarius 
Tryin on these clothes and puttin outfits together for the beach gettin me HYPE!!!!!!
I REALLY need to start packing!! Lol
You are adept at taking an innovative concept further than eve... More for Aquarius 
Guess I can only pray, right?
Hmm :( «@BestTextMsgs «@CauseWeAreGirIs A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies»
Funny thing is... I been home A LOT more &amp; still nothing :'(
Silence. Speaks volumes :-/
You're facing a dilemma that seems to be temporarily irresolva... More for Aquarius 
Just felt like I needed a #repost.. ya kno, just incase anyone forgot!! -_- yup. Goodnight. 
Smfh.. well guess ill stop waiting on this hot ass back burner &amp; get in my bed. Lls wtfe.. gn !
Communication is key. Guess that's why nothing's unlocked..
Its gonna be one of those days...
You're in a joyful mood today, even if you cannot explain why.... More for Aquarius 
You kno... im really pissed off now!! I hope I fall asleep soon!! #sameshitdifferentday
Back to youtube till I fall asleep... hope that comes soon! Guess we shall see!
Smh... *sigh* goodnight.
Cant wait to do this at the beach next week with letzjust_bee &amp; darknloveeli !!! Oh &amp; did I mention IM… 
Im more than tired this morning, &amp; I dont feel the greatest! :-/
It's challenging to feel at ease today because it seems as if ... More for Aquarius 
Uhggg my stomach hurts!!!
This headache&lt;&lt;&lt;
:-/
Warrior Mars provokes your high-strung planet Uranus today, tu... More for Aquarius 
Im so over everything!!
#cruisin #theydontkno #jammin 
I should have stayed home
You may be quite happy with a friendship just the way it is, b... More for Aquarius 
Sometimes I truly just wanna scream "I HATE YOUUUU".. but everyone knows its a lie. ;-(;-(;-(
Im getting too worked up... my chest hurting! Uhg. Guess ill try and sleep now. Although I know that wont work..
Wish I could do my life like a social media site and just log off... over it.
Why am I still logged on to Skype? Uhg..
Think im becoming heartless.. «@Relationship1O1 The ones who are heartless are the ones who cared too much at one point...»
Guess I'll log off skype now..
&amp; its wondered why I feel the way I do.. #alone ... still!!
Naw..
Why do I still allow myself to have high hopes? I know better by now.. smh.
Guess I just get ignored now days.
#chillmode #hookahstick #portablehookah #hookah #starbuzz #piratescave #blowsmoke #smokerings… 
Yea.. 
this headache &lt;&lt;&lt; #sigh 
I haven't eaten at all today. &amp; I just got hungry
Omg.. -_-
Hell yea!!!! 
You may attempt to dance your way around an important issue to... More for Aquarius 
My head is spinning as tears roll...
Major moves are definitely in store for me, no matter what!!
Big plans in my head!! Lets see how they pan out.. all for good? I can only pray!!
Im becoming highly agitated and extremely over it..
Smh...
I really just want to scream right now!!! I fucking hate everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just once.. why is it so fucking hard?! :'(
Will I chase #oomf? No.
Uhg!!!!!
*sigh* smh... -_-
Go out to lunch with your coworkers or have some friends over ... More for Aquarius 
What a night at grandpa's consists of!! #beer #coors #coorslight #relaxing #muchneeded #lovegramps !!!… 
Really just sick &amp; tired of it.. im done!! #stressingnomore #done #overit #livingforme
I hate this shit.. ;-(
I havent been on an air force base in years!!! Hmmm...
You have been channeling energy into personal issues, but now ... More for Aquarius 
Crabs, shrimp &amp; beer!! Love being at my pop pop's house!!! @ Sumter, SC 
This place is ratchetville usa.. :(
I'm bankrupt without love..
You would have been had we actually had a conversation lately..
I hope this weekend get-a-way does me well.. I need sometime to just chill!!
That song describes perfecrly how I'm feeling..
"Have you ever closed your eyes and
Dreamed that they were there
And all you can do is wait for the day when they will care" &gt;&gt; today's mood
"Have you finally found the one you've given your heart to? Only to find thay one won't give their heart to you..."
Your romantic attraction to someone special may stir up a bit ... More for Aquarius 
You can't get upset or in your feelings if someone walks outta your life, if you did nothing to make them want to stay.. #ijs
Someone is in serious trouble... like for real!! This shit is ridiculous -_- #pissed!!
Been tryna tell u that!!
Shoulda been a modle !! #tbt 
You can't even complained cuz I warned you. You deliberately did not listen.. your own fault.
#tbt Lil Anthony !! Ive ALWAYS been a cutie!! :D lol 
Yea.. lil upset or wutevah! Don't matter tho.
You are on a personal mission and have specific tasks to compl... More for Aquarius 
In about 3 1/2 months, it will be a whole year... yea, thats an effin problem!!
Texas license plates always appear at the wrong/right time..
Im done!!
You might be very excited about a project or a relationship no... More for Aquarius 
@DarknLoVEEli yea, but im a big boy love. Eventually ill be fine! One way or another.. ill be just fine!! :)
One night!!! Just one night where I dont cry myself to sleep!!! I feel as if thats only a dream!!
Im just so damn stupid.. wtf? In this shit alone. Have always been, so idky im hurt?!
#ATTENTION this is a SERIOUS inquiry! I would like a couple photos taken of me. Nothing to fancy just… 
Omg!! You're pissin me off!! I just asked a simple em effin question!!
I just wanna cry right now!!
:-/
A close family member or a good friend may be the source of te... More for Aquarius 
seems suitable. #rp @ my bizni yeee ; ) 
Im so confused, hurt, upset &amp; sad right now!!! I do not know what time do any more... kinda feel like im being forced to let go :'(
I need to get myself together...
Today's Full Moon lights up your sign, flooding into every asp... More for Aquarius 
I dont wanna be lonely no more..
Finishing the night off with a cooling gel eye bag reducing mask.. #realaxing 
Vegas was def one of my ideas... oick something else!
Really #Gillette? "Gel Douche"? Haha!! Im deceased!!!! Done!!! Lol 
much much MUCH need bath time!! # relaxation #bath #bubbles #soak #music #iheartradio #soothing #toes… 
Omg!! Where did this bruise come from? Uhg..
-_- *sigh*
This storm bout to be real cray.. sucks I dont havr anyone one to cuddle up with during it! Grrr; guess ill get some cereal!!
Almost anything that isn't out in the open now can be the sour... More for Aquarius 
#fact. 
&amp; on that note, goodnight!! -_-
If only.. *sigh*
So glad I finally got my bed put together!! Sleeping in my own room and own bed tonight!!! Yay!!!
That last retweet&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; PREACH!!!!!!!! Yes lawd!!!!
Took a mini break from gettin my room together to check on someone.. that was a mistake!! Glad my bed is up now tho!!
Im over the disrespect...
Finding the physical energy that's necessary to complete your ... More for Aquarius 
over just about everything... *sigh*
It might appear as if you've lost interest in your goals today... More for Aquarius 
Smh..
Can't win OR lose if you don't try!! #endofstory
:( just tired of it all..
Career issues are emphasized these days, but it's possible tha... More for Aquarius 
«@BestTextMsgs If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is.» tis true I guess, huhm :'(

*has a mental breakdown that lasts three weeks*
Nvm... over it. Night!!
"I'd rather have 30 mins of something wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special.."
Why I gotta be so emotional?  I'm bout to cry every 5 mins during this movie.. uhg!!!
This gas price just gave me all the life I need!!! Praise him!!!!
FINALLY.. break time!!
Smh... im over it :(
"Can you give me all the love that you got,  all the love that you got? "
You might be more interested in encouraging your coworkers tod... More for Aquarius 
Everyone pissin me off now.. tf? Came home from work in a good mood! That changed quickly.. w.e
Im hungry.. :(
I highly despise bad ass kids.. -_-
Lil bro makin friends at the pool while I get my tan on!! Good time after work!! Lol 
Go together? How bout u just work on seeing me face to face right now..
So.. is it sad that I really wanna go to Sesame Place?
This really breaks my heart!! R.I.P. beautiful!!! 
Welp.. smh.
You may need to spend time with your coworkers now. Although y... More for Aquarius 
Someone PLEASE come help me!!!! :( lol 
Even if you feel very close to a turning point today, the big ... More for Aquarius 
*sigh* guess im off to bed; smdh!
This headache + no sleep = a bitch tmrw!!
«@tumbIrquotes Good things are worth waiting for.» but how good is it if u have to wait forever?

<SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><WHITE SMILING FACE><WINKING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><FACE THROWING A KISS><KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND TIGHTLY-C><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><FLUSHED FACE><PENSIVE FACE><RELIEVED FACE><UNAMUSED FACE><UNAMUSED FACE><DISAPPOINTED FACE><PERSEVERING FACE><CRYING FACE><FACE WITH COLD SWEAT><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><SLEEPY FACE><FEARFUL FACE><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><DISAPPOINTED BUT RELIEVED FACE><FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SWEAT><POUTING FACE><ANGRY FACE><SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><UNAMUSED FACE><UNAMUSED FACE><WHITE SMILING FACE><FACE THROWING A KISS>
I always get hungry at the wrong times. Grr
Smh. im so over 2013. Im tired of goin to sleep with tears in my eyes. Feelin alone. Its sad &amp; pitiful. Something is preventing my happiness
&amp; Hug you. 
&amp; Make you smile. 
&amp; Make you laugh. 
&amp; Just lie on the couch next to you. 
&amp; Then fall as…
Oooooooo that retweet right there!!!!!!! Yesss!!!!!!!
When is @MissyElliott gonna be blastin new sounds thru my speakers again? I need her voice in my life!! Somethin to shake that monkey to!!!!
Uhhmm....
You feel undue pressure to work out an unresolved relationship... More for Aquarius 
Well... today was a bittersweet day! Ive written the final page of this chapter and finally moved to… 
Im sooo ready to be done... uhg!!!!!
Too early...
You cannot tell if your current assessment of someone is valid... More for Aquarius 
Prepapring myself for battle tonight and tomorrow. .
You're searching for a significant piece of information today ... More for Aquarius 
#JUSTICEFORTRAYVO . No need ti further explain or create extraness. May he R.I.P. knowing we got his… 
UHGGGGG!!!!!!!!! &gt;:(
Your complex schemes seem to fall apart today for no apparent ... More for Aquarius 
#rp #speaksforitself #notworriedanymore #movingon 
Maybe all this is a sign of big moves about to happen.. God makes no mistakes!!!
Smh.. :
Twerk like Miley Cyrus.. shit go hard!!! Def feelin that! @BEATKINGKONG
You may feel misunderstood these days, but you can quickly tur... More for Aquarius 
hmph... whatever tho?! :(
Im tired of feeling like shit.. uncared for.. alone!! Fml!! Nothin ever seems to go right :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'(
I'm done. . :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'(
Cheated on. 
Over thinking. 
Lied to. 
Heart broken. 
Not cared for. 
Losing. Scared. 
Assuming. 
Nervous. 
…

My personality is who I am.

My attitude depends on who you are.
Glad to know what real love is.. -_-
*sigh*
I got cold chills, yet im hot! Ive got a killer headache and body aches!! This is not the life... #stressed :'(
Like I said... alone!!
I am..
In this alone :(
I don't feel so hot..
This speaks volumes to me right now!! Things are changing in my life.. NOW!! #rp 
The showy Leo Moon in your 7th House of Relationships indicate... More for Aquarius 
You really don't want anyone questioning your ability to do yo... More for Aquarius 
Becoming highly irritated. . -_-
You can make an exciting conceptual breakthrough today that tu... More for Aquarius 
Who?
late night indulgence :) @ Grandma's house ;) 
This has been a nice lil trip.. but I still need a real vacation with one certain person there in attendance!! Just you &amp; me..
Just another pic of me nd lil one!! Glad I finally got to meet him!! #latepost #lilbro #instalove 
Why do I try..
Yea
No, but ive talked about it numerous amounts of times. One of the places I want you to look at..
You should kno why fool..
-_-
You shouldn't have to guess with that right now..
If only..
Why even bother?? :(
Love comin home to DE!!! ♡♡ @ Grandma's house ;) 
Your desire to avoid confusion may be thwarted today as anothe... More for Aquarius 
I was feelin it! &amp; so was TT!! Lls, "Cover the coochie!" 
someone is finna get hurt!! FOR FUCKIN REAL!!!
What is this place?  Loo @ Rusty Rudder 
Its time for shots.. cuz im over this mess right now!! :'(
That retweet &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; !!!!!!!!!!
:(
Tha lifee.. @ Rehoboth Beach 
My view while I wait! @ The Greene Turtle 
Waiting for my food... @ The Greene Turtle 
I wish I was heartless...
Tryin hard to not start cryin and just enjoy my time.. but its real hard to di right now!
Can't get upset when you dont even try!
Fuck it..
Im slightly in a mood..
No, that wont ever happen. So you can scratch that now!! Been told you that.  End of story!! :)
Otw to the beach &amp; I seen another Texas license plate -_-. Maybe thats a sign you are supoosed to come up here!!
I think I want a BMW again when I get older and make lots more money! Lol
Meeting &amp; holding my newest lil brother for the first time yesterday! Sebastion Alexander !! 
Even if you explain your intentions again and again, your most... More for Aquarius 
Smh.. :(
Damn... sure thought I was "baby" hmm... :(
Lol I was tryna tell yall HAPPY 4TH EVERYONE!!!! @ The Green 
My grandma's dog is on crack!
Patron? Really? Sir... its way to early for that!!!
*sigh*
Your coworkers may find you difficult to deal with when you do... More for Aquarius 
Well stop pissin me off .. :D
So why the first license plate I see when I enter Delaware is not a Delaware,  but Texas? Really? 0.o *face palm*
Its so funny how certain songs bring up different memories!! I miss some of those days..
Im physically, mentally, &amp; emotionally just tired....
My head is about to explode!! Too much shit.. #overit
Your planetary ruler, Uranus, crosses swords with the willful ... More for Aquarius 
:(
Same shit...
HAHAHA!!!! «@PartyICON framel is so fuckin hit...lord...I just wanna throw some ambi on his face...»
@swagCURATOR cray is not even a proper explanation!!!
Anthony handling this well,  cuz I promise  you THIS ANTHONY would have swung soon and he came off that last step!!
Ewwww!!! Yall see all that spit in his mouth? I hate that shit!!!
As soon as I saw him I woukd have turned around!!!
Oh HELL naw!!!! Do yall see this?? O.O
U better pat them tears!! Don't smudge that face!! Lol
Framel.... oh lawd!!!! #yikes!!!! #catfish
smh...
@BEE_YOUR_VIXEN lol yup!!
Oh lord... yea. This gonna be a touchy one :'(
Think I may cry... idky!?
REALLY WITH THIS CATFISH ALREADY??
#donotdisturb !!! Takin a nap. Ps: uhg.. pissed
Hey you guys, I'm coming to town this weekend &amp; I would really like to go out somewhere. Please do not… 
That just really made my day!! I kinda want to cry... :D :'(
Im sooo tired and no matter how hard I tried to fall asleep last night,  it just would not work!! I… 
You have an important agenda today, and luckily, you can steer... More for Aquarius 
#showerflow !
When I say im REAL MAD everyone havin sex on here tonight.. helpin my current frustrations!! #hitthefloor 
@ibeDAME damn... im slow like shit!! Haha
@ibeDAME well shit, where I been to miss that? Lls
Who is this Mia bitch? Wtf does she know??
@nycece_ #true
#HitTheFloor !!! Love this show!!
Them girls Kirk finna loose his family for, aint even cute!!!
I been hungry all day!!! All I want is fried chicken, and then some moist chocolate cake!! ;)
Maybe you should be ...
wanting to hold you so bad, knowing that I can't &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; shit sucks!!!!!!

Cheated on

Replaced

Over-thinking

Lied to

Led on

Not appreciated

Not cared for

Being left out

I…
«@BEE_YOUR_VIXEN Rt: An #Aquarius Style: Quirky and fashion forward @JUPiiTERLoVee» yea, thats me!!! Lol
Im sooo hungry!!!
You don't want to defend your illogical feelings against attac... More for Aquarius 
#BETawards coulda got a better ending performance... -_-
@PERFECTnahimNOT better work on that stage!!!!
HAA!!! #true!! 
That "whute wedding" comment was unnecessary... VERY!! #BETawards
Dang... was just ready to pass me off!! :(
You may be quite excited about pushing into new emotional terr... More for Aquarius 
Slowly being pushed closer and closer to the edge... can't ever get something to go right!! :'(
"Cheer up Charlie, you'll be ok!" robnleigh lol #firstvidpost #willywonka #oneofmyfavs !!! 
Its better to not have expectations, cuz then it just opens you up to major disappointments :'(
:(
u feek this medicine kickin in.. im bout to be knocked out!!
Playful interactions with others are lovely today, but a simpl... More for Aquarius 
My head is KILLING me!! :(
I dont want this anymore..
Yea. Guess you do.. no need for it!
Really sucks being the only one trying..
Oh well.
smfh.. not even phased!! -_-
I deserve so much more...
Bunch if bull shit and im fuckin done with it!!! &gt;:(
You may be confused at work if someone appears to be ignoring ... More for Aquarius 
Im hungry..
This on again off again sleep shit &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; for the damn birds!!!
You act like you dont even care :/ :(
Im done... goodnight.  :(
Wtf? I can't... :'(
Go follow youcelebritytwinn !! NOW!! Lol 
-_-
I just lost all respect for this dude, not that ibuad much to begin with tho. ..
Well if u wanna keep hearing it, u better get it together!! ;)
Tryin so hard not to cry my eyes out right now..
Im in ny feelings today.. I wanna just crawl back into my bed and just bury myself in the pillows and bkankets!
*sigh* what am I supposed to do?
The Moon's presence in your 2nd House of Money indicates that ... More for Aquarius 
:'(
Im si frustrated. . in multiple ways!!! -_-
I REALLY wantbsome Bojangles !! A two piece dinner, dark meat,  with cajun fries &amp; a bacon egg nd cheese biscuit.  W/ a large Dr. Pepper!!
I should be sleep right now. There is nothing going on.
Your most serious concerns at work could become overwhelming t... More for Aquarius 
I'm tired if these tears.. I wanna scream nd shout so bad!!!
Idk wtf to do anymore.. im soo fuckin upset/hurt. but that doesn't even matter!! nobody cares tho!! let me try nd go back ti sleep. .
You actually have more than that, if you chose to fight for it. :-/
@BEE_YOUR_VIXEN lol I liked it just cuz I knew one of the ppl
Tryin so hard to hold on.. but it seems the only thing I have to hold with is a string from a spider's web :(
Next week's catfish tho &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ready!! Lol
Damn... thats low!!
Everyone is goin in on #CatFish!!! @DeoneeArnez is gettin all kinds of publicity!!!
@CitylyghtsEnt hahaha!!!!!
@CitylyghtsEnt lls, thats something I been tryna find out fir the longest! Ive met him a few times cuz we got mutual friends
@CitylyghtsEnt funny thing is, those are his real eyes.
@tashiTo22 lls!! That aint Steve girl.. the dude in the pics name is Deonee. She finna be in her feelings!!
#CatFish lls!!!! Yesss!!!
Im getting upset...
I will not be dealing with this shit! End of story on that one!!!!
You might be holding out for a better deal today, but it's sti... More for Aquarius 
Im tired of being miserable. . :(
Well... its officially happening.  Maybe this will be good for me, just what I need!!
Hmph. . O.o
You usually trust your mind instead of relying on your heart w... More for Aquarius 
Yeah... im a lil upset.
Today's serious Capricorn Full Moon shines in your 12th House ... More for Aquarius 
You're excited about the prospect of spending quality time wit... More for Aquarius 
You are!! I like it tho... ;-)
You want to skate through the day, but you probably fall short... More for Aquarius 
Really?? That just pissed me off!! -_-
Your emotions are all riled up today, but that doesn't mean yo... More for Aquarius 
;-( this lump in my throat &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I can't fight anymore.. :-/
It really erks my nerves when ppl try to take advantage of other ppl, just because they feel they can...
It's thrilling when you can see amazing possibilities in almos... More for Aquarius 
HELLO !! #Preach!! #rp @gorgeousaka1908 on point!! 
If this ain't speaking directly to me Lord !!! *shouts* #rp 
This Bruno Mars performance on The Voice is this shit!!!
Trying.... Trying so hard!! &gt;.&gt;
this weather + my mood &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; not cool bruh, not cool !!
This DOES NOT apply to everyone!! But #rp 
This early morning shit is for the birds..
Today is a day you can have your cake and eat it, too. Your fr... More for Aquarius 
"when you make pain look this good, it never wears out" -- #latepost #inferno #nightout #obey… 
Lil evening ride to Hillsborough! Hey! 
Shut up..
Where can I go swimming? And who is coming with me?
@PERFECTnahimNOT haven't seen those yet
@PERFECTnahimNOT this Friday!! Lol
Video:  
Mark ya calenders for November 2nd everyone!! #WouldYouLikeATour?? #YESPLEASE!!!
@PERFECTnahimNOT OOOOOO BITCH!!! We in there!!!!!!
Sooo.. DO NOT be playin with my emotions right now?! Is this really about to happen? champagnepapi… 
:-/
#fact #rp 
Your current strategy at work isn't very obvious to others, so... More for Aquarius 
Challenge has been accepted. #repost 
Ice cream is my depression food!! #chocolatecookiecrunch #yesplease #yum #fatty #ohwell 
Shit... I don't like this!! I don't like this AT ALL!!! :-S:-||;-(
*sigh*
#repost 
Maybe if I looked like that.. smh.
Definitely not worried bout you..
That really just pissed me off even more... It's just a great fucking day for me!!!
No one will ever have to worry about me ruining their day again.. trust me. :-$
I don't think it's understood just how close I am!!
I understand its father's day nd all.. but damn!! Way to ruin my day!!
Unspoken emotional concerns complicate your family relationshi... More for Aquarius 
The Moon's visit to your 8th House of Shared Resources indicat... More for Aquarius 
@Badd_b1tch89 lol thanks boo
No matter what I do, how hard I may try, idk if it will be good enough....
