I won a family Settlers of Catan game this evening despite not having access to a single brick tile. All hail your new ruler.
*editing in red pen because I am heartless and also because I do what I want mom*
This is How We Fought in Gaza is a stunning piece of historical testimony and witness. A must read: 
@MPAVictoria PR often leads to small, extreme parties working as swing votes so a gov't can be formed, giving them disproportionate power
@MPAVictoria FPTP keeps extremism from gaining disproportionate power, gives governments stronger mandates and represents regional interests
Probably my most unpopular opinion with folks of my generation is that I genuinely like FPTP and think it's a fair, representative system.
why does Nigel Farage look like the human version of the evil grasshopper from the 1998 movie A Bug's Life
Alberta politics is just one long I-can't-believe-we're-still-talking-about-this: 
These are some genuinely good opinions. "For Notley, Eight Steps to Reform the Broken Petrostate: 
@markusoff When will my beautiful robot son finally marry that nice kohanim girl from shul? What's he waiting for!
@markusoff Apparently halacha says that creation by a Jewish person means that the robot, if considered human, could participate in a minyan
There is a rabbi who does research on potentially Jewish robots in traditional Jewish law I am in love with the world again!!!!
Should robots count in a minyan? 
"If it was meant to happen, the market and the private sector would take care of it" -people who have no damn idea how capitalism works
@JasonHerring2 @recreatesyntax Yep! First issue comes out on the 14th though.
@recreatesyntax It was me. We're doomed.
@recreatesyntax Yep! Whoever made that tweet apparently didn't check the date, which bodes well.
I'm looking forward to staying in contact with @NDPStephanie through the year for @GauntletUofC, and grateful for her time so far. #ucalgary
@water_melan oh gosh you're the best
@water_melan I am in love with this tabloid cover 
what do you mean this isn't the real BBC broadcast 
@Nsousanis This look fascinating, can't wait to dive into it! Thanks for sharing!
I got so lucky to have #abndp in office for my year as editor-in-chief. Our newspaper will have so much less doom and gloom. #ucalgary
@Alexdurrant7 I mean, parts of London, yes, but I'm talking more about south Wales and the North
alternative title: where everyone who used to work in coal mining or shipbuilding used to live
wow I wonder where the working class people live #GE2015 
I'd be way more into academia if this was more common: 
Today my boyfriend and I picked up a bunch of baby goats that were trying to escape their pen, much to the delight of 8 shrieking children.
@unkydimmy Yep! Super condescending to, you know, most of us.
I may be bitter but at least my opinions are good.
This is the worst #abvote opinion yet. 
I would not be surprised if David Cameron was secretly reanimating Maggie Thatcher's corpse in the basement of No. 10 #GE2015
the UK election is my villain origin story #GE2015
ICYMI: the New York Times has some fabulous long-form reporting on nail salon workers in NYC 
I cannot play super smash bros with my staff anymore because I am so bad at the game that they probably no longer respect me.
Shredding at legislature prompts Alberta privacy commissioner to weigh in 
Fun election night drinking games! If the Tories stay in power, drink consistently for the next 5 years! #GE2015 #ToriesOutNow
@water_melan thank you for this
I keep seeing that "NDP CRUSHES TORY DYNASTY" headline and it brings me such a pure, genuine joy. #abvote
Is this what it feels like to not be actively suffocated by the political landscape of your province? Because it's amazing.
The results of #abvote made @democracynow, someone pinch me. Or punch me in the face.
@LeviNilson Yeah, he's smart and a good writer but he also has literally every single bad opinion. And so damn condescending.
I can't believe me disliking Coyne is one of my controversial opinions on twitter dot com when I have like 900 more inflammatory opinions.
@maxfawcett Yeah, hyperbole works better in conversation than on twitter. But I do think there's better, more grounded Canadian columnists.
@maxfawcett I find the tone of his writing very elitist. I don't deny that he's often right, but the condescension drives me up the wall.
@acoyne I do, however, genuinely respect people who retweet their detractors for their own amusement. Well played.
"Vote Labour b/c they're the only leftist party electorally capable of forming government" -the only good UK election opinion #ToriesOutNow
I cannot for the life of me understand why anyone reads Andrew Coyne. I want to take a shower every time l read his column.
Claiming to be Jewish in order to say awful things isn't a new trick. It's classic antisemitism. 
@tonieminhas I have never been so happy to have been wrong in my whole damn life
BREAKING: the liberal party of canada continues to be absolutely feckless trash #cdnpoli
@SoyuzStrashok He's an experienced politician and medical doctor. NDP has many inexperienced MLAs, they'd be wise to utilize his talents.
@dirtylonghair Ditto! I like to pretend that stalking other student newspapers is just doing market research.
@dirtylonghair We do it by semester. 6 print issues in spring, 4 online only in summer.
@dirtylonghair Ah, classic student newspaper. Our first issue isn't for a week so I haven't so much as edited anything.
@dirtylonghair And by "way too much manual labour" I of course mean "any manual labour"
@dirtylonghair Currently, there's way too much manual labour for my taste. I keep rearranging furniture and cleaning. You?
I keep thinking about the election results and getting distracted at work because I am a mess.
I really hope David Swann gets a cabinet position under an #abndp government. He'd made a great health minister. #abvote
@BolgerEllen Do conservatives just feel like this all the time???? Because I don't think I could handle this much joy on a day-to-day basis
*nudges boyfriend awake* hey. we elected an NDP government last night. can you believe it. a real genuine NDP government. #abvote
Rachel Notley is talking about her dad and hot damn I am a mess. By which I mean, I'm sobbing on a couch. #abvote
I immigrated to Canada for this. Alberta, I love you. #abvote #myalberta
I couldn't resist. I'm so happy. #abvote
Love is better than anger, hope is better than fear and optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic #abvote
me: don't jump to conclusions 
me: *immediately jumps to most drastic conclusions*
#abvote
Celebrating election day the way it should be: with friends, alcohol and the CBC. #abvote
We're sitting around a table and a friend just said "I like democracy" and I teared up. Happy elections day, everyone. #abvote
Look, I love democracy as much as the next person, probably, but could we speed these next couple hours along. #abvote
Oops. Blame the Gauntlet staff of 1967,I guess. 
Can't wait to see what dangers the Calgary Herald staff of 1967 are gonna warn me about. #yyc 
This is everything to me, for the record. 
When will this country turn into the socialist hellscape I was promised. I am ready. I have been preparing. #abvote2015
I plan on making lots of hilarious labour bundism references this election day, so the six Jewish people who follow me better step it up.
"Unions step up criticism of Justin Trudeau liberals." Now that is the type of news I like to see. #cdnpoli
"Vote for a Premier, not a debater." Yeah, voting for the person who can articulately express their ideas is probably a bad call. #abvote
Can't wait to celebrate / see how flamboyantly wrong and foolish we all were tomorrow. #abvote 
What does it say this province that I'd be completely unsurprised with a PC majority government tomorrow? #abvote
"individualism is garbage", a three part memoir on the evolution of my politics
I am essentially uninterested in removing myself from oppression and 100x more interested in a better life for oppressed groups I am part of
Saying "I, unlike most *insert group here*" doesn't change the systematic pressures I face as part of that group + it doesn't help others
I'm like most girls, I'm like most Jews, etc. Casting myself as different doesn't help people whose struggles I share.
I'm really uninterested in politics that casts the speaker as an exception to whatever group they're a part of, it's such lazy individualism
I actually will not shut up about poached eggs. Someone stop me.
see: the labour press team does something good for once in their damn lives 
Hearing Ed Miliband talk about how we need to move on from new labour and get back in touch with the working class makes me emotional.
this is a royal family hate twitter
actually though when is the royal family going to be evicted from their fucking palace and put in an apartment like ordinary people
This is literally me 
@Cam_Oflage the coupling of people who like Harry Potter this much with people who give a single fuck about the royal family is Too Much
 
@Cam_Oflage jesus christ this is the absolute objective worst
did the royal family finally become irrelevant or did I just cut the right people out of my life
Does anyone in this province understand what an editorial board is or how a newspaper works or are we just going straight for the hysteria?
Also: stop getting mad at an editorial board for sharing their opinion! That's what an editorial is for! It is literally an opinion! #abvote
"We are picking a CEO for the province." I don't mean to holier-than-thou but that's a damn sad way to look at democracy in Alberta. #abvote
My hobbies include bothering Larry Heather on twitter and ironically referring to this country as "Stephen Harper's Canada"
“my parents hit me and I turned out alright” yeah, ya clearly didn’t, because you still think it’s ok to hit kids you beat latke
Shout out to workers, unions, labour movements, etc. You guys do important, substantial work that makes life better for all of us. Rock on.
Educate. Agitate. Organize. Happy #MayDay y'all.
@dirtylonghair We thought it was a joke too! But we checked their profile and this person apparently just believes all this stuff. Amazing.
Already getting some great feedback on the work we've done this year: 
Oh gosh, my family got me a first-day-of-work present and card. You guys.
like I give a single fuck about how any corporate CEO thinks I should vote #abvote
@cbwolff I'll even throw in the set of paintbrushes I've found as a limited time offer
Update: I've also found a wooden backscratcher, a large chunk of graphite and the tops to several different water bottles
This is absolutely fascinating for nerds like me "Calgary Public Library CEO's major changes making noise 
A not complete list of things I've found in my new office:
-several bags of pennies
-a very old laptop 
-paperwork from the year 2008
The temptation to believe the polls is almost too much. Put me out of my misery. #abvote
how can you get the job where you are the person who makes the ye olde looking saltwater taffy
Today we went on a hike and my boyfriend fed a wild bird out of his bare hand and I'm honestly just so impressed.
ROI - NDP 38%, PC 24%, WRP 21%
Leger - NDP 38%, PC 30%, WRP 24%
Ekos - NDP 39.6%…
Alberta is the promised land.
I support Bill #M444. The plight of missing and murdered indigenous women must be addressed at all levels of gov't. National inquiry now.
I haven't even started my new job and I'm already doing categorically bizarre things like sitting on the floor and measuring newspapers.
I'd forgotten about a good chunk of this, but there's actually just pages and pages of screenshots. Happy Tuesday morning to me.
Found some classic Kate Jacobson hate mail while cleaning out my inbox this morning 
I'm not an expert on Baltimore, but here's a good twitter list from journalists and folks on the ground: 
Why are my career goals from a year and a half ago exactly the same 
@dirtylonghair Despite, you know, me being Jewish, and my opinions being "maybe Israel shouldn't bomb schools filled with children"
@dirtylonghair My run-in with local Calgary super-Zionists, who believe that I am a Nazi-Sympathizer out to destroy the Jewish people
I am never going to be able to get a job.
The first thing that comes up when you google my name + Calgary is my twitter. The next three are articles defaming my character.
I give literally zero fucks that Coco Chanel was bisexual because Coco Chanel was also a Nazi
@peterhemminger And monarchies are political systems designed to keep some sort of symbolic power in the hands of land-owning aristocracy.
aka: I wish I lived in Ward 1 or 4 so I could fight either Sean Chu and Ward Sutherland
Sometimes I wish I lived in a more interesting ward because all my interactions with my councillor are "looks great, good opinion." #yyc
This seems pretty easy to me? We should have spaces to express our faith, but they should not come at the expense of others.
A silent moment of reflection gives religious people the space to fulfill faith-based obligations without infringing on others. #yyccc
I feel like this city and province are actively trying to make me dislike then. #yyccc #abvote
hot damn do people here on twitter dot com have bad opinions about unions
.@Wilbur_Underpar Unions are the reason we have weekends, health/safety laws, overtime pay, 8-hour work days. Unions help everyone. #abvote
I immigrated to Canada for hockey wins and karaoke bars. This is a beautiful country. #yyc
@MPAVictoria I sympathize with their concerns but the faux-radicalism is so annoying
"All parties are the same." Well one party starved the miners and ignored the AIDS crisis and the other created the NHS so no. #ukpolitics
I am going to lose so many twitter followers after the election when I go back to tweeting about #ucalgary and how I hate Margaret Thatcher
@jaretthenry @LeviNilson This is amazing. I'm telling this to my future children.
@jaretthenry But the NDP is in bed with UNIONS and BIG LABOUR and they definitely love SOCIALISM.
@jaretthenry I think it'll be more trying to scare WRP voters into strategic voting to keep the NDP out.
@jaretthenry Oh, I hadn't read that one, but it definitely makes sense. Undecided voters love incumbent candidates.
@jaretthenry The one in the Globe? If so, yes. I thought it was super interesting - fed my hopes for the resurgence of the left in Alberta.
There is a HUGE difference between "your budget is bad" or "your budget doesn't add up" and "I know math is difficult" #abvote #abdebate
@jaretthenry Yeah, it's nuts. I find these things interesting, but after Israel's election earlier this year, I don't trust polls for shit.
@jengerson I think it's frustrating for women to realize it doesn't matter how powerful or competent you are, you'll still get that reaction
Hear me out: Prentice focuses on NDP -&gt; scares WR voters into voting PC again -&gt; NDP never had chance outside of #yeg -&gt; PC majority #abvote
I have no idea if Jim Prentice is actually making mistakes or if he's playing us all like a cheap fiddle. #abvote
@JessyKuehne Toby Ziegler is probably my favorite fictional character of all time
@markusoff Even the Calgary Sun gave us a "and the winner is ... gulp ... Rachel Notley"
@markusoff *agrees with a Don Braid column* hmmmm, a very interesting and suspicious development
The part in the West Wing where Josh Lyman pumps his fist and yells "game on!" at the debate? That was me tonight. #abvote #abdebate
@LeviNilson Barlet and Ritchie. Rachel Notley was seriously channeling some classic West Wing talking points.
I spent half of tonight feeling emotional and the other half thinking about that sweet episode of the west wing with the debate. Anyways.
Debates are fun, but I don't think they matter as much to politics as they probably should. #abvote
I started reading @jengerson after hearing her on Canadaland, and I'm glad. This piece on #abdebate is great: 
@MPAVictoria I think they're in a good place, but I don't want to be too optimistic. Politics has taught me that much!
While I'd love to see Notley as Premier, my pragmatic hopes for Alberta are a revitalized left and an #abndp official oppostion. #abvote
While it's obvious Notley won the debate, I don't know how much of that momentum will transfer come election day. #abvote
I guess I want the Flames to win, but man oh man do I want the Canucks to lose. #GoFlamesGo
@Cbasedexplorer same
@SoyuzStrashok And all parties will do this, not just WRP. They just got to my inbox first.
@SoyuzStrashok Oh, it's all spin. Which is usually desperate by definition, i.e. please don't write mean things about us.
The thinly veiled desperation in these emails is what I live for. I love my job. #abvote #abdebate 
@AdCJohnson Now I might be a little biased, but people who immigrate to Canada rock.
I just started thinking about how proud Grant Notley would be and now I'm crying. It's been good, folks. #abvote #abdebate
Friendly reminder that the Canadian NDP party was largely founded by Jewish Labour Bundists. Yeah, we're awesome. #abvote
"Dude, voters love when you're condescending and mean to women." -Jim Prentice's debate prep team #abdebate #abvote
This is the kind of thing people get riled up over. Prentice comes across as unrelateable, mean and patronizing — all at once! #abvote
The "math is difficult" quote isn't much worse than your standard "being patronizing to women" schtick, but it's gonna read so bad. #abvote
@Metro_Nolais Oh, I know! I'm just grumpy + snarky about how little people talk about it on a provincial level.
@Metro_Nolais "No one cares about #abpse." This is my life, and job.
Prentice has his strategy all wrong. Notley is clearly thriving on being treated like a viable electoral threat. #abvote
Jim Prentice's communications team is probably weeping softly in the backroom
"Math is difficult" -a middle aged white dude to a very smart woman in an age where twitter and the internet exists #abvote
Jim Prentice is focusing too much on Notley. He might as well look into the cameras and say "Rachel Notley scares me" #abvote
I tune into the debate and Jim Prentice is telling Rachel Notley that "math is difficult." Fuck you, man. #abvote
I'm missing the #abvote debate to celebrate my dad's birthday. Call me if Notley draws blood.
@UmairSajid This x100
@kim_buttons Yep! It's usually not a conscious thought, but women are def socialized to be more "helpful" and "accomodating" than men
Women's internalized fear of saying "no" to requests also applies in non-sexual situations, pass it on.
I love when there are studies that prove I'm correct about my lived experiences and gut feelings.
Women more likely to be asked for favours at work, still less appreciated for helping: 
The way people exoticize and fetishize women in the military (mostly IDF/Peshmerga fighters from the Middle East) is so creepy and gross.
Classic international trade theory is honestly more like "explaining racist ideas using numbers"
@pixelsbymarta Portland really does! People literally call the city PDX in conversation. Not sure about the rest of Canada, though.
*takes a break from studying economic modelling to read about media law*
@KikkiPlanet I will not be satisfied with the debate unless there is a brawl on stage. #abvote
@XBetadogX If I was a betting woman....
Which #abvote leader will make the most innapropriate and borderline creepy eye contact with the camera during tonight's debate?
I really like the new redesign of @TheAtlantic! It's one of my favourite avoid-work-but-still-feel-clever sites: 
Sean Chu is a plague unto this city. I'm no religious scholar, but I'm pretty sure he's the eleventh plague. #yyc #yyccc
@JasonHerring2 r u ok
@StegoSarahs Agreed. I was thinking of Armenia and the Shoah, both groups have severe demographic impacts because of genocide.
@StegoSarahs Yeah, I honestly consider that to be a form of soft-core denial that rewrites genocide narratives.
Genocide denial is so pervasive, stupid and sinister. Where do you think all those people went? Seriously, where do you think they went?
I try to form eloquent, reasoned opinions on politicians, but sometimes all you have is "lol jason kenney really sucks" #cdnpoli
Elections rarely have narratives, but we all love creating them. Who knows what's going to happen? Not me! Certainly not the polls. #abvote
I think media outlets are wrapped up in the narrative of the 2012 election when Redford won despite Smith polling so strongly
Interesting to see prediction divide in #abvote between accredited media outlets and bloggers/new media personalities
"I have purged myself of all emotion" -me, about once a week
@Crackmacs It was never funny, this is a bad opinion.

I love dramatically looking out windows on public transportation and thinking about the changing nature of Canada's political landscape
@CaileanDavid Canadian citizenship, I immigrated from the USA. Province to province I think it's just proof of residency, but I'm not sure
@CaileanDavid The paperwork, background checks and test I understand, but it would be nice to have a low-income option for folks like me
@CaileanDavid Mostly just the fee. It's over $500, which is a lot of money as a student also trying to pay tuition, maintain a car, etc.
friendly reminder that I can't vote despite living here for over five years b/c the cost of becoming a citizen is prohibitively expensive
@iD4RO Ooof. British Labour, despite the Tony Blair disaster, is still my ride or die political party.
As much as I've been enjoying the buzz surrounding #abndp, read their platform before deciding your vote! 
@iD4RO I have honestly always been part of the Ed Miliband fandom, it's good to know I'll now have some support.
i.e. a middle-aged Jewish party leader in the UK who constantly talks about immigration and the NHS has a fandom. what a time to be alive
The fact that Ed Miliband has some sort of teen girl fandom on twitter is the most hilarious thing I've heard all week.
@ItshaydenM lmao that person unironically used the word "coloured" like that's still ok in the year of our Lord two thousand and fifteen
"why is the facebook event photo for yr year-end staff party a photo of obama's seder dinner" -a question I'm surprised no one has asked yet
i.e. they're right to call hospital parking fees petty taxation but totally wrong to oppose 0.5% income tax increases on top earners #abvote
My main issue with #wrp is that they act like there's no difference between petty, regressive taxes and corporate or income tax. #abvote
The grow-op across the street was shut down two months ago and I'm 90% sure the construction worker in front of it is smoking weed right now
the "if ____ were your boyfriend/girlfriend" series at the toast are, quite frankly, one of the great literary achievements of our time
I can (and do) deal with people threatening to murder and rape me. But I, like literally all people, would rather not.
I hate when people try to dismiss women complaining about harassment by casting women as fragile or delicate.
this is what the internet is for 
Today I went to the mall and listened to commercial radio. Also, I have a blinding headache and need to lie in a dark room for 2 hours.
Why do all of the Canadian female columnists I see on the regular (Lakritz, Wente, Kay) have such horrible opinions? #cdnmedia #cdnpoli
@j_morgan_wilt I don't have anything clever to add to this conversation but Margaret Wente really sucks.
Let's talk about access to counselling, affordable medication, support from faculty, academic accommodation. Less glamorous but more useful.
Pet therapy, "awareness," and nap rooms are all fine ways to start talking about mental health on campus, but it's definitely not the end.
I don't know why I'm so surprised that the estate of a high-ranking Nazi official turned out to be pretty evil, but there you go.
Worst part: Random House offered to pay the royalties out of court if they went to charities that help survivors and Goebbels Estate refused
Here's the Guardian article, for a less coloured view of what I'm currently yelling about: 
@iifymMike That's it for me too. I legally understand the claim, but trying to make money off of your ancestors war crimes is horrifying.
Your actual Nazi grandparents took all of my family's property and possessions and then murdered them. We got 0 dollars. Cry me a river.
"I've been ripped off because I'm not getting money off of the works of my literal Nazi ancestors." Laugh these people out of court, tbh.
Descendents of literal Nazis are suing Holocaust historians for copywright while 1/4 Shoah survivors live in poverty. I'm furious.
You may remember literal Nazi Joseph Goebbels as a literal Nazi partially responsible for the murder of millions and millions of people.
Goebbel's Estate is suing Random House because they used his diary without permission and I am honestly flabberghasted.
@iifymMike Larry Heather somehow manages to have every single bad opinion
I've started sleeping better ever since I got more twitter followers than noted #yyc buffoon Larry Heather
@wolfewylie This is absolutely fantastic
My political science textbook uses the terms communism and socialism interchangably despite them being, you know, different things.
Every time I go to the doctor I spend the next three days ranting at anyone who will listen about the wonders of socialized medicine.
@jskrimshire It's an election, we should be openly addressing all issues! Even ones  (like unions) that are contentious. #abvote
@jskrimshire I don't think that's true because it's not a single issue election, and if it was, public sector wages wouldn't be "the issue."
@jskrimshire Oh yeah, I'm under no illusion that Albertans suddenly love unions. But there's cleverer ways to attack the idea of unions.
@jskrimshire Certainly. But unions are different from "big labour," and given the support for #abndp, I don't think attacking labour works.
@jskrimshire Both unions and corporations may be technically big, but the former is for helping workers and the latter is for making money.
@jskrimshire The "big" in "big labour" is being used as a scare-tactic, not a descriptor.
My favorite scare-phrase used against #abndp is "big labour," which is one of the most nonsensical set of words I've ever seen. #abvote
Most left-wing politicians either go overboard with the righteousness and become sanctimonious or they're liberals, who are kinda useless.
Rachel Notley has hit the perfect balance between righteousness and caution and I think I'm in love, honestly. #abvote #abndp
You still can't get an abortion in PEI. Abortion access is not just an American problem. 
It's rad to see #abndp let their record on women's issues speak for itself by fielding a decent amount of female candidates. #abvote
this seems about right #leadersdebate 
@klaas89 I genuinely miss the federal long-form census
Really interesting @NiemanLab story on the changing face of Jewish-American print media: 
I'm a religious woman, but I consider prayer to be part of my private life, not a precursor to my civic participation.
"Non-denominational" almost always means "vaguely Christian." Prayer is exclusionary when used in a government's operations. #yyc #yyccc
Sales tax are, in general, petty and regressive. The real taxation issue in Alberta is the lack of a comprehensive corporate tax. #abvote
I enjoy fulfilling my civic duties a little too much. City census? Give me a few hours. Budget consultation? Allow me to cite my research.
Making a public service useless through your own mismanagement and then pointing to that uselessness as reasoning is sinister. #cbccuts
#CBCcuts represents the Conservative plan for public services — make it inefficient and useless by mismanagement, and then cut it. #cdnpoli
Good afternoon twitter, the Calgary Flames won at hockey last night and the new Star Wars trailer is amazing. Life is good.
My greatest regret as opinions editor is that I never wrote an article about how much I hate farmers' markets.
this is one of the funniest things I've read in a while 
Not that I don't appreciate my professors! I do, and I really liked all my classes this year. It's just so gosh darn awkward.
@AndrewSosna Agreed! Strategic voting is representative of a broken electoral system and is understandable, if definitely not ideal.
The awkward end-of-year applause for the professor makes me want to curl up under a desk
@DrewPAnderson @jskrimshire Agreed. I think there's a lot of people for whom voting is about more than "winning."
I understand the reasoning behind "strategic voting" but it's also antithetical to the fundamental point of democracy. #abvote
@electsucha I got in contact with the NDP candidate for my riding today, actually. But thanks for the offer, I sure appreciate it!
*drinks one beer*
*yells at friends about margaret thatcher for 3+ hours*
Honestly, it's actually a pretty good article and their interpretation of Jewish law is solid: 
I'm currently reading a VICE article about kosher weed. I have no excuse for my actions.
I am so bored of people who think that not voting is somehow a radical action that I could scream
bored teenage faux radicals not voting won't stop the military-industrial complex, but it will hurt people who rely on federal programs so
re: electoral politics. I care way more about voting in a way that helps people than I do about being a ~good radical~
@alexanderbkim The Jewish people MUST know this now, in the year 2015. It is vital, breaking news.
And it's not bad to want those things for people! We live in a complex world and we can make better choices even without systematic change.
But (in comparison to a Republican counterpart) she will be better for women wanting abortions, service-sector workers, etc.
If Hillary Clinton becomes President she will probably invade and occupy a country and that's bad. That's illegal and immoral and bad.
Every American President is going to be a war criminal! But it's not selfish to want life to be better for people who live in America.
No American President will be great, because institutions have internal momentum. But (esp. domestically) some of them are better.
Journalism is officially dead. 
If people don't listen to you before you vote, they won't listen to you after. This goes double for students. #abvote #ableg #abpse
This isn't to say we shouldn't vote (political participation is always imp.) but we must be mindful of how limited our electoral reach is.
Now seems like a good time to remind everyone that voting doesn't really work for students: 
What is "branding" and how can I ensure no one ever talks to me about it ever again?
@dirtylonghair @Cam_Oflage If @Willetton is writing thinkpieces exploring the Furious films, they're going in my paper, damnit
@alexanderbkim Either that, or "loud immigrants who can't vote"
Why haven't any candidates knocked on my door? Is it because they sense I am angry and ready to fight? #abvote
My hobbies include yelling at anyone who will listen about how Canadian media neglects the prairie provinces.
@Cam_Oflage Yeah, it's easy to tell the difference between "this community has varied opinions" and "unlike the OTHERS, this one is GOOD"
@Cam_Oflage Yep! It's also lazy debating because they aren't actually confronting the substance of people's beliefs.
Because those individual opinions may be true, but framing those people as "one of the good ones" is harmful and reduces dialogue
v. similar to conservatives saying "this black person doesn't think police violence is a problem" or "this Jewish person loves Christmas"
It's incredibly disingenuous when men promote the voices of women who claim that "feminism is bad" or "gender inequality isn't real"
@IsaacAzuelos *that shrill, high-pitched voice I use whenever I'm indignant about something* Isaac!
@cgjert I sincerely hope that my life will never take such a turn that I will want to go to Thursden.
My new coworkers apparently have hearts of absolute ice. #ucalgary 
Honestly, the AB Party is a weak centrist alternative with a vague platform that doesn't go beyond criticizing the PCs. #abvote
The #abparty is functionally useless. They won't win seats outside of major cities and further split the vote on the left. #abvote
I do not have to be pretty just because I occupy a space marked "woman" and I don't appreciate that expectation being marketed to me.
I'm not buying your products and I don't need to be beautiful to be smart or kind or determined or a worthwhile human being.
I hate when corporations use faux-inspirational messages about how "all women are beautiful" to market products to us. #ChooseBeautiful
David Cameron eats hot dogs with a fork and knife. Vote Labour.
Urban land: Space and the city 
true friends would not complain about the way I abuse kirby's down-b when playing super smash bros
me normally: liberals are trash 
me during #abvote: liberals are great, I love liberals
I'm so glad Mrs. Harper is going to wear pink tomorrow, that'll help the LGBT people forced into unsafe situations by the gov't. #cdnpoli
It's like a five minute story and it would be a lot more touching if George W. Bush wasn't, you know, a war criminal.
This professor has told the story about George W. Bush holding his dad's hand after a post-9/11 speech twice.
Who wants to learn about one of Canada's most controversial and depressing ecological issues? 
I can't get the song "Tokyo Drift" from the Fast &amp; Furious movies out of my head. This is what my life is like now.

@jaretthenry Oh, I'm the PC Police + Captain of the Media Party. The usual.
@jaretthenry I will demand to be addressed as "rebel alliance minister of war" and then I will outrank Ezra Levant
who runs the IDF twitter accounts and how can I get them to stop
I work at a student newspaper and if I even tried to pull that shit my boss would mock me endlessly
the fact that Ezra Levant insists upon calling himself "the Rebel Commander" is so hilarious and sad
The way straight dudes talk about Monica Lewinsky is honestly terrifying
ok so who actually knows any of the verses to dayenu
me during all of Pesach: ILU ILU HOTZI HOTZIANU HOTZIANU MIMITZRAYIM HOTZIANU MIMITZRAYIM DAAAAYYYEEEENUUU
@water_melan @recreatesyntax No. There shall be "No Fun" in the Gauntlet offices next year.
Shout out to the tribe for making it to Pesach again, l'shanah haba'ah b'Yerushalayim!
Labour is the only party electorally capable of ending Tory rule and the only left-wing party capable of forming a government. The end.
@ItshaydenM translation: I don't know what civil rights are and also I'm a giant fuckin' homophobe
these are the questions that keep me up at night tbh
does nigel farage occupy the same plane of reality as me? why are his suits so aggressively pinstriped?
@dirtylonghair brb stealing this joke to use with the folks at the gauntlet
@JaneLytv All of the Postmedia papers have absolutely beautiful tablet editions. So damn enjoyable to read.
I appreciate my family's commitment to hour long dinners where we talk about classism, worker's rights, and the American Midwest.
Loving the subtitles on the #leadersdebate 
And Nigel Farage continues to represent the most terrifying form of fascism I've seen. Populist, plain spoken, charming and deeply racist.
I am honestly just a really big fan of Ed Miliband. And it's rare for me to be this optimistic about politicians. #leadersdebate
lmao @netanyahu
I'm trying to imagine the phone call between Obama and Netanyahu and just keep thinking of Obama laughing into a telephone #IranDeal
Parameters of the plan on the Iran nuclear program can be found here: 
if you host a Pesach Seder to ~feel closer to Jesus~ than you are a damn mess tbh
@sas_robin There has to be a way to protect + ensure the safety of Jewish students without doing Israel advocacy
@sas_robin Yep! All I want on campus is a voice that is looking out for Jews regardless of our opinions on Israel
and I'm glad I'm not famous enough to have people caring about shit I said four years ago because all y'all apparently need hobbies
honestly Trevor Noah's antisemitic jokes are way more old and boring than they are offensive
the weirdest thing about the gilmore girls is that their student newspaper apparently has a "religion beat" but also no news editor
if the way yr rabbi talks about the exodus story doesn't make you want to overthrow the government than what is even the point
*notices how badly the canadian dollar is doing only because comic books are more expensive*
tbh unfollow me if you like gefilte fish
My #1 hobby is reading op-eds I hate out loud to my coworkers in a scathing tone of voice. I'm really fun to be around.
Explaining to my very Jewish, very academic parents who Kendrick Lamar was went exactly how you think it would.
I like the idea of the Walrus so much more than I actually like the Walrus
Today I read the business section of the Calgary Herald and talked with my boyfriend about vegetable gardens. Shockingly, I am 19 years old.
And for christ's sake, don't make jokes about him "stuffing his wife's head in the oven and turning on the gas." What the fuck.
I can't believe I have to say this, but don't make Holocaust jokes about Ed Miliband. Don't make allusions to the Holocaust.
This budget is not so much a "progressive income tax" as "the rich are almost maybe a little closer to being fairly taxed" #abbudget #ableg
Wow, #abbudget is totally not a disaster and my future isn't at stake: 
at this point in my life my twitter is actively stopping people from taking me seriously as a professional adult. oh well.
@laurieblakeman I have every intention of taking you up on your advice! Some things are definitely better in my imagination.
do you ever want to get a squad of your feminist friends together and go egg Barbara Kay's house
Remember when Hillel forced me to resign from my position because I criticized all the times Israel murdered kids? Because I do.
I have never wanted anyone to talk less about Judaism/Jewish folk/Israel/bagels/Jewish issues/antisemitism than gosh darn Larry Heather #yyc
Love how antisemitic violence is always seen as an isolated incident, despite, you know, it continuing to happen again and again.
Justice Ginsburg literally wrote an essay on the importance of women in the story of Exodus for Passover. This is everything I ever wanted.
Via @nprnews: Justice Ginsburg Turns Her Pen To Exodus' 'Women Of Action' 
all yr favourite superheroes are jewish
@Cbasedexplorer &lt;3 This is my very drunken gift to you, Nicole.
this is the most ~millenial~ thing I've ever tweeted
today I had to manually cite a journal article and a small piece of my soul died
We'll always have Paris, and also that time my boss beat Ezra Levant in an arm wrestling match.
"Is political correctness killing free speech?" No, it isn't.
"You will live to see someone other than Netanyahu as the Israeli PM, even if only because he dies" -my boyfriend, trying to cheer me up
Friends, life is magical and the world is good.
Basically it's just people who are pissed off that there are consequences to the things they say boo hoo
When someone uses the phrase "political correctness" there is a 94% chance that person is an asshole
@markusoff punch me in the face
@LeviNilson Since Bibi Netanyahu went off the rails and decided there were no consequences for his actions. It's amazing.
"Too many Arabs are voting." Yes. The horror. When citizens of a country vote in the election. When will it stop. #IsraelElections
I hope all of my friends are ready to learn more about Israeli politics than they would care to because I am v. emotional #IsraelElections
I somehow managed to fulfill my citation requirement at 25% of the page requirement. This prof has such low expectations.
I aspire to this level of journalistic heavy-handedness 
@MichelleRempel There's stupid people on each side of every debate. Arguing with your smartest opponents is how you prove your point. #C51
@dirtylonghair Yes. It truly is "NO FUN."
I play super smash bros as a monotone Kirby named "NO FUN" and that's all you need to know about me
*shows up to yr party*
*sits at the dining room table and writes a paper on the Six-Day War*
imagine being the type of person who would write an online urbanspoon review of Denny's
I got to seriously write down "a Clickhole tone of writing" in my notes today and that's why my job is right for me
Bill C-51 hearings: MP Ablonczy's questions to Muslim group 'McCarthyesque' 
Haaretz has an awesome guide to Israel's parties for those of you who plan on speaking to me in the next five days: 
me: *finishes work at 9:00 p.m.*
me: is this some kind of social justice bullshit
@deepgreendesign Dude. I know why the Senate is unelected. I'm joking to make a political point about unelected bodies w/ legislative power.
Why do we let the Senate do anything. Who elected them. Why do they have any legislative power. #cdnpoli
Can I ban all Canadian politicians from talking about the Holocaust? #cdnpoli
However, politicians strip Jewish tragedies of their context and horror and use them as nothing more than rhetoric and that's gross.
This is not to say that Harper's immigration policies don't have elements of racism because they 110% do and that's bad
I love when politicians casually use examples of horrifying antisemitic things this country did in order to play politics with each other
me and my friends don't go to denny's enough tbh
uptown funk is honestly just not a very good song
Happy International Women's Day!!!! As I constantly say, women are rockstars.
"you can't blame margaret thatcher for everything kate" is that a challenge because I really can
@Emily_Leedham student journalism is dead
@Emily_Leedham In all seriousness, our humour editor probably just didn't catch my mistake though
@Emily_Leedham any song Drake is in is a Drake song
"How is this situation possibly our fault" -people who vote PC literally no matter what the party does #PrenticeBlamesAlbertans
I can't wait for #ableg elections so we can forget all this #PrenticeBlamesAlbertans stuff and continue to elect a PC government. Again.
I'm not saying there's a ~right~ way to vote but I did vote for all the winning candidates so there is a right way and I did it #ucalgary
@KristalTurner @R_Sigurdson That's fairly common! This year it was 3/5, the year before 4/5.
Check out our ongoing coverage of the @SUUofC election: 
editor-in-chief, baby
@water_melan I just finished listening to that episode on my way to work this morning and absolutely loved it!
and by "I love" I of course mean "I am filled with a growing sense of rage"
I love when people ask questions in class except they aren't questions they're just ways to make themselves look smart
@UmairSajid That's one of my favourite moments in the West Wing! Poor Donna
@JennahCMF @SPHRCalgary No, do you know where they are?
what if I told you it was possible to criticize Israel and not be antisemitic and that it's actually incredibly easy?????
The weight of student debt is a huge pressure on my friends. It doesn't just end with school — this is our future. #WeCantPay #ableg #abpse
@IsaacAzuelos I had to google what that meant, so I think you're safe
and on sunday nights I read reports of the salaries of oil company CEOs and become incredibly angry
I'm willing to pay my fair share for an education. And that fair share is a tuition that's capped at the rate of inflation #WeCantPay #ableg
"the jews want-" to be left alone. we want to be left alone. stop bothering us.
@iD4RO I am truly the #1 self hating jew
#BibiDoesntSpeakForMe
90% of my life is just me figuring out how many times I can say the word aesthetic without my friends punching me in the face
Dear @DonaldKScott: the tuition cap is the only way I know I'll be able to afford to finish my degree. #WeCantPay #ableg #abpse
My boyfriend just made mac and cheese pizza and it looks so beautiful
How many of Alberta's political leaders know that #WeCantPay for corporate handouts and tax cuts? @GregClark4AB? @davidswann? @JimPrentice?
Do you know who else can't pay for Prentice's government? Teachers. Nurses. Union workers. This is bigger than students. #WeCantPay #abpoli
@KristinSwirles Student debt can cripple a generation. We tell students to go to university and punish them when they do. #WeCantPay #ableg
There is wealth in Alberta that can be fairly taxed. Why is @JimPrentice making struggling students subsidize his government? #WeCantPay
Yo #abpse: we've been tweeting using the hashtag #WeCantPay to talk about how we shouldn't have to cover for the provincial budget. Join us!
Dear @jimprentice: don't ask students to pay for the fiscal mismanagement of your government. #WeCantPay #abpoli #abpse
I have four scholarships, work 25 hours a week and can still barely cover tuition. Don't ask me to cover for the province. #WeCantPay #ableg
*fantasizes about getting more than eight hours of sleep*
I feel like the llama was on the loose for just enough time for us to make all the good jokes. We're done now kids. Let's go home.
all I want to do is sleep for a million years and then go out for breakfast
I love when SLC talks about the Gauntlet as we sit on the sidelines and silently stare at everyone
Finding out Bill Nye is an antisemite is one of the worst things that has ever happened to me. Why is this happening. Why.
sean chu is the eleventh plague
"some people find it empowering" cool but politics built on individualism is bound to fail so I don't care bye
@RileyHillyyc I feel physically unclean after reading this article
social media is literally unusable during awards shows why are you all doing this to me personally
I do not for the life of me understand why dudes in movies hate brunch so much. Brunch is a fantastic meal that is apparently wasted on men
my current idea of luxury is sleeping in until 10 a.m. on a sunday morning what is happening to me
this paper is going great 
@j_morgan_wilt that's everything I aspire to be tbh
is it possible to get married to a piece of long-form journalism
@recreatesyntax You must sacrifice a young goat at the next full moon to our gracious and benevolent overlords
@Cbasedexplorer @AthenaGenevieve nicole you are embarassing me on twitter dot com
well this province and this city are going to hell, but at least Drake's new album was good
Hearing about @FFWDWeekly shutting down is actually really sad. I always enjoyed picking up and reading my weekly copy.
@StegoSarahs All of those look kosher (and delicious). Thanks for checking with me!
I think everyone in #yyc is drastically overestimating the amount of money we spend on public art.
@reehewitt It's irresponsible for school boards to shirk what's essentially part of their responsibilities b/c the topic matter is difficult
@reehewitt Giving kids age appropriate info on autonomy, consent and gender is absolutely a public responsibility.
@reehewitt Yes! Sex without consent is not sex, it's rape. And there's nothing inherently sexual about bodily autonomy.
Consent is a vital part of sex education. It is not an "add-on" to a healthy sexual relationship, it is mandatory. #yycbe
Should we teach kids that rape and sexual assault are wrong? Anyway, let's hear both sides of the story. #yycbe
I get what they were going for, but I always try and edit genocide out of my metaphors.
There was a @calgaryherald op-ed that slammed AHS employees with large cell phone bills by using a weird metaphor to Stalin. Why. #yyc
messianic jews are the ultimate fuckboys tbh
Desecrating cemeteries is not an act of vandalism. It is an act of violence designed to hurt and intimidate European Jewry.
today I fucked up making a package of instant noodles because that is where my life is at
I want non-establishment #cdnmedia that isn't hysterical and apparently that's asking for a lot???
Following faith based or cultural traditions is not mutually exclusive with being Canadian. #qp
If I refused to eat a traditionally Canadian meal because it wasn't kosher, that wouldn't be an insult, it would be true to my faith.
The government is reading insult into covering your face when taking an oath of citizenship when there is none. #qp #hw
current dreams: go on the internet, read 0 news stories about horrifying antisemitic attacks
my talents including being able to apply lipstick on public transit and looking good in literally all hats
I am so tired of politics in this province because I'm tired of banging my head against a brick wall and expecting things to be different
*talks about the Israel-Palestine conflict with the passport control officer*
TV TROPES DOT COM SLASH SUSPICIOUSLY SPECIFIC DENIAL 
Peter MacKay is definitely one of the worst members of this all around horrible government, so that's something. #cdnpoli
"Suns News network is shutting down." I knew it. I knew that God is real, and clearly loves us.
today I listened to a lot of indie music, walked around Portland, got coffee for my friends and ate a lot of grilled cheese so life is good
@macinto_sh don't we all
why do 50% of men in America look like George W. Bush
@Fenris69 You are not Jewish and you're literally using the genocide of my people to guilt me over my political beliefs. Chill.
@AlexFGoldberg it is forever and eternal, I don't think you can ever be too late
why did no one stop me from arguing about Israel with people on twitter
Surprise! Being Jewish is not a card that gets revoked based on my political opinions.
@vburshteyn @sgeretz @CUWIOfficial Yeah, the only two options are Abbas and Netanyahu. Definitely no other qualified alternatives.
@sgeretz @CUWIOfficial Yeah too bad Israel isn't a functioning democracy that can elect other leaders
@sgeretz @CUWIOfficial Someone who isn't actively destabilizing Israel's security and/or isn't a war criminal. It's the little things.
Good to see the Calgary Jewish community continues to focus on important issues, like what I personally say on Twitter about Bibi Netanyahu
Netanyahu might think he speaks on behalf of world Jewry but tbh I don't want him to so much as look at me
me sunday night: "I'm so ahead on my work for the week"
me monday morning: *putting out a fire* "I am in hell. I am barely surviving."
@BolgerEllen Is this legal, and if so, can I please do this
I like to read positive stories as much as the next person, but it's not the responsibility of tv/radio/newspapers to deliver that to me
"Why is the news always so depressing?" The news isn't meant to make you feel good or validate your beliefs. It's meant to inform. End of.
I actually feel really prepared for my economics midterm tomorrow what is happening to me???
why does facebook keep showing me crappy thought catalog articles about relationships and how can I get it to stop
@Emily_Leedham tbh there are way too many motherfuckers I need to prove wrong to give up
*succeeds in life solely out of spite*
@Cbasedexplorer where are you. i will fight this man.
@Emily_Leedham this is inspirational
"women are so difficult to understand what do they really mean when they talk?????" lmao have you ever had a conversation with a woman
*is constantly on the verge of tears* i'm fine
seriously how do realists get out of bed in the morning
@_LaurenJacobson I'll kill you #420Catan2k15
*wins a board game at work* wow. i mean. i want to thank all the people who helped get me here. and to my fans. you guys inspire me so much.
Alright kids — @GauntletUofC is doing a sex survey so humour me and fill it out: 
"Do you know so-and-so?"
"No"
"They're Jewish"
"OH you should have SAID let me consult my list of all 13 million Jews that I for sure have"
omg stop asking me if I know random Jewish people like I have some sort of radar
@_LaurenJacobson bringing this back girl: 
I saw upworthy on the internet two years ago and after that snakes started manifesting in my house physically
@heartandsola I actually wrote this article! I haven't asked the SU, but I got the impression it wasn't a matter of procedure from SLC.
@BariLeia my comedic timing is truly impeccable
@carinzoowreck Kristallnacht. I was reading an article about how that proves the need for less strict gun regulation.
*non-Jewish people evoke specifically Jewish tragedy to justify their super bad political beliefs* why does this keep happening to me
I will fight people who talk shit about trade unions literally just don't talk to me

#HolocaustMe…
I've injured my neck and literally everything is 100x harder and also I'm probably dying
I am being harassed here on twitter dot com for my hatred of Friends, the television show.
@dirtylonghair you come into MY home and do this to me
The best thing about the Buzzfeed video "Christmas Explained By Jews" is all the Christians in the comments absolutely losing their minds
Please don't talk to me about Friends, the television show. Just don't.
My 15 year old sister is at a tea party right now and it honestly scares me how quickly I've lost touch with teen culture
What a beautiful spring we're having this winter
Don't mention the library to me unless you want to hear a 10 minute rant on the future of information and how much I love libraries
"is this a trap" -me when I finish everything on my to-do list
I spiritually identify with the academic paper I'm reading at the moment because it's called "how life is hard"
@RrrichardZach I would argue that an institutional approach (international position of Germany, endemic racism) is more compelling
@RrrichardZach early childhood socialization + early adulthood interactions with Jewish people
"WWII only happened because of Hitler's idiosyncrasies"
*eyes roll so far back into my head that they're staring at the inside of my brain*
I am trying and failing to keep a straight face in this political science lecture
Using "Judeo-Christain" is a way to erase the fact that Christianity has often been explicitly and violently anti-Jewish
I just read an article that was literally about Jesus and still used the term "Judeo-Christain"
@BolgerEllen When I toured Parliament the first thing I thought was "wow I watch way too much CPAC"
I don't know which reason is worse, but both are true
I created a new facebook account so people would stop yelling at me about Israel and so my boyfriend couldn't see photos of 14 year old me
@IsaacAzuelos @Willetton *descends down from the sky in a veil of mist* why have you done this to me
@iD4RO the worst one by far is @Nashional77
The least edgy thing in the world is creating a twitter account to make bad jokes about a journalism conference. #Nash77
Everyone at the Gauntlet is rowdy, looking incredibly attractive right now and in a city where no one knows who we are. Let's go.
"I'm inspired by all of you." Technically this is about all of us, but mostly me. #Nash77
@Willetton @RileyHillyyc I can't wait to read good ole' Steve's biography about his beautiful garbage son #Nash77
The amount I've learned from @wolfewylie's sessions on data journalism in the last couple days is staggering. #Nash77
I heard the great news about #NBProchoice while watching CBC this evening. Great work in the #canfem community!
@jcdunks Yep! I made a horrible horrible mistake in listening to him talk
Sun Media is literally just a joke at this point I mean this dude talked about the press being biased like???? come on man
The speaker at my last #Nash77 session said "jokes tell the truth and that's why communists hate humour" without any irony, which is a trip.
Really enjoyed @kateheartfield's #Nash77 presentation this morning! Good to see an established editor talk about the importance of diversity
*goes back to my hotel room at lunch to do dishes and eat pizza pops from the freezer* I'm so much fun to be around. #Nash77
I slept in a shirt reading "token Jewish friend" and my coworkers didn't say anything b/c I've pulled this kind of shit before. #Nash77
I've had better twitter fights with my MLA y'all. #Nash77
It's a midweek morning and I'm eating brunch in #YOW with a large group of my friends. This is incredibly decadent. #Nash77
I finished work really early today so now I'm just sitting at my desk and listening to Britney Spears and organizing my pens. Life is good.
I'm going to Ottawa with a large gang of my friends for a journalism conference and we are literally going to be constantly rowdy #Nash77
me getting on the plane to go to #Nash77 
I've been to one class today and a prof has already called me a keener I love myself tbh
The pope said something discriminatory? Hold on, let me sit down to process this completely unprecedented piece of news.
"I've made a horrible mistake" -me every time I read a Margaret Wente column
@sas_robin fact: there are no good bagels west of Toronto
being Jewish is fine except you can never find good bagels and also most extremist groups are similar in that they want you to die
#Nash77 aka me and my posse of rowdy student journalists hit up this nation's capital
This hits the right note "@CBCNews: EDITOR'S BLOG: To Publish or not to Publish 
I used to get upset and now my reaction is just "lol ok" as I delete the email
Being a Jewish lady and working at a student newspaper has completely desensitized me to death threats.
whenever a major news event happens I can't wait to log into twitter dot com so I can read everyone's bad opinions in real time
Today one of my coworkers told me I looked nice and I literally responded by stopping in my tracks and saying "What. OK, I guess."
I've somehow managed to lose my keys in a snowbank and I don't have a spare set of car keys where is someone to punch me in the face
Dalhousie students condemn restorative justice in Facebook scandal 
"you're a hipster" aka "I don't know anything about one of your hobbies and I'm too lazy to come up with a real insult, apparently"
@markusoff next you'll be telling me that he had not one, but three Jewish friends
all I want is to admire a historical figure and not have them turn out to be a horrifying antisemite #smallgoals
probably my most controversial opinion is that I hate Friends and think it has no redeeming qualities as a piece of media
"what do you want, higher taxes?" yeah, that's actually exactly what I want
I'm a big fan of the editorial @FFWDWeekly did on easy (but unpopular!) solutions to multiple #cdnpoli problems: 
"I, me personally, an individual woman, have never experienced misogyny, therefore it doesn't exist." We need to set this argument on fire.
I always crave slurpees when it gets really cold outside because I am a monster
"when a girl tells me she's a feminist I lose interest in her immediately" lmao good because I can guarantee she doesn't want to date you
I began my new year how I intend it to continue: wearing feminist sweaters, drinking milkshakes and making horrible jokes
*struggles to find a way to casually ask my friends to hang out with me*
I constantly tell people to chill despite being probably the least chill person of all time
*gets up before noon* wow I really have my life together
arguing with random people on the internet is a surprisingly rewarding hobby
my little sister and I ran away from our relatives so we could listen to gwen stefani while cheating at the trivia game we're all playing
I am extremely happy with the way my life turned out.
My friends have ruined jokes for me and now the only thing I think is funny is saying not-true things in a deadpan voice.
@kaleemyyc I was under strict instructions from the rabbi not to ruin Christmas for the gentiles because it "looks bad for our people"
I hope Drake had a nice Hanukkah. And also Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
@ItshaydenM 
I started reading the youtube comments on a buzzfeed video entitled "Christmas Explained by Jews" and that was a huge mistake
maybe in 2015 the internet will finally stop talking about how introverts are actually just better than other people
@kaleemyyc the only thing I love about Christmas is the all day Food Network marathons
Most of the blame still lies with the gov't, but student efforts to fight back were poorly attended and easily ignored. #abpse #ableg
I literally wrote an article about how student apathy meant these #marketmodifiers were a guaranteed reality: 
The provincial government has always steamrolled student concerns in the past and it wasn't going to change this time around. #ableg #abpse
@IsaacAzuelos good. we are both healthy adults with mature reactions to our education.
"I don't constantly check to see if my final marks have been updated because my grades aren't tied into my self worth" -lies I tell myself
"why hasn't Drake made a Christmas album?" ummmm Judaism
"Are eight days of potato pancakes too much?" No. Step up your fucking game.
a not-complete list of my edgy<TRADE MARK SIGN> opinions
-humans of new york is bad
-george carlin is super bad
-america's next top model is very good
"are you crying at a book about walls?" technically, the answer to this question is yes
lmao the opinions Azealia Banks has about Jewish people are like 18th century bad
2. It is really awful for children who are not secular or Christian to be excluded from what their peers are doing. Don't do that to kids.
1. Because it's inappropriate to present religion or religious traditions as the "default" to impressionable children.
I'm so tired of reading melodramatic articles about what schools should do in December. Just don't celebrate religious holidays in school.
"r u ok" -me @ all wildrose party supporters rn
#abpoli: right-wing social conservatives throw three year temper tantrum over the #pcaa becoming moderate and somehow it works out for them
"guess what guys? religion is actually very bad" *crowd goes wild* *wins 1.1 million comedy awards*
george carlin is probably one of the least edgy comedians of all time
Alberta has the most dramatic provincial politics but also the least amount of change, substantial debate, or actual work. Amazing. #ableg
I have been training all year for the war on Christmas. This year. This year I will finally be victorious.
My hobbies include taking every opportunity to point out whenever cool historical or political figures are Jewish
the highlight of my 8 a.m. exam was definitely the people loudly banging on pipes right next to the classroom
@Haidermys I have "ok but I would literally fight ronald reagan" in mine, so
"I'm socially liberal but fiscally conservative" put your money where your mouth is or shut the hell up
@recreatesyntax kids these days like memes. and vine. and the horrible movie with the singing snowman.
I'm not even done exams for this semester and I'm already worried about paying for next semester's textbooks university is just a wild time
#suiteyyc is an important issue for students and other vulnerable populations. We should be the most vocal supporters. #suiteday
casual reminder that neoconservatives and the Christian right are more influential on American foreign policy than the ~Jewish lobby~ smdh
@RileyHillyyc Racism and/or they don't want the likely failures of their administration(s) to be comprehensively and publicly cataloged
I wonder if economists would think that spending two hundred dollars on an econ textbook is rational
the final exam for this class is clearly going to be extremely good
as far as I know the only difference between "interventionism" and "liberal interventionism" is that the latter involves more Bill Clinton
“It can’t all be on (Dr.G’s) schedule.” The city is clearly so irritated with this awful man: 
One of the multiple choice questions on my history of Israel exam was "who was Yasser Arafat" all of my prayers came true
coping strategies for exams:
-lie on the floor
-listen to enya
-try not to cry
I was not disappointed by googling both "angry hanukkah cats" and "adorable hanukkah dogs" what a time to be alive
*texts my rabbi* hey what's up just wanted to know if it's blasphemous to daven for a good mark on my history of israel final
@TaylorMcKee_ if this is the way I go, then so be it. it is a noble cause.
"rules for touching British royals" aka "rules for touching unemployed rich people who live off of taxpayer money and public land"
"Would you like a cup of tea?" -my coworker, upon noticing me crying into my history of Israel textbook
@recreatesyntax Post-Christmas road trip to the mountains?
It includes the phrases "Behold, it is I, Soggy Bread Dad, Lord of the Realm" and "cousin-fucking limey aristocrats"
I want this article about how horrible the royal family is read at my funeral tbh: 
Breaking news, gang: US Senate confirms that torture is actually bad and gives you unreliable information. I know. Take a minute.
"critics suggest that this paper is just another attack on free-market capitalism" GOOD
is it too late to drop out and become a beekeeper
"Gordon Dirks is the victim of anti-Christian bigotry" Yeah, the white Christian government official is the REAL victim here. #abpoli #ableg
why would I try to debate misogynists on the internet when I can amplify the voices of other women
Also: thinking of all the amazing women I know and their activism. I am inspired to keep fighting misogyny because of the women around me.
The #Dec6 massacre is a reminder that misogyny is violent. Sexism literally kills women. We always have to be fighting back.
is it rude to just retweet the compliments people give you on the internet because if so I literally do not care
"I think I may need to chill with the angry jew aesthetic" -me talking to my mother
@EmilieMedland tacky Christmas sweaters and alcohol 2k14
This is a meeting of grown adults trying to justify controlling if #LGBT kids can meet in a school. Can't make this stuff up. #ableg
Someone in the #pcaa has to be a fifth columnist trying to bring down the party. No one is this stupid? Right? RIGHT? #ableg #Bill10
"I am a woman and I HATE feminism." Now that's an edgy opinion. A genuinely hot take on the state of gender relations in this country.
I am so unbelievably bored of humans of new york can everyone on facebook just chill
Drama in student politics is great because the stakes are SO LOW but I care SO MUCH
Elections in Israel are when I am strongest. After, when everything is awful, is when I am weakest. Do with this information what you will.
@water_melan In the name of our forefathers, amen
stop comparing things to nazi germany just because you don't like them
all I want is a chai tea latte and one hundred million dollars
@cbwolff Might I recommend the follow-up piece, "15 Celeb Couples Who Remind You That True Love Exists?"
@BariLeia I read "Field Notes on Democracy" by Arundhati Roy over the summer and it was really rad, I think you'd like it
my house is so cold that I have to wear a coat indoors to be warm Canada is great I love it
this weather means that I am completely justified in eating +1000 peppermints and wearing giant ugly sweaters
real talk why do kids love Frozen so much
In more shocking news, the #pcaa continue to be human garbage under the guise of individualism. Also, the pope is Catholic. #Bill202 #ableg
Voting down #Bill202 deprives vulnerable children of support systems even when they have explicitly demanded them. Shameful. #ableg
@Emily_Leedham Me w/ twitter, classes, friends, podcasts, books, everything, etc.
@reehewitt This is one of the weirdest PR moves I've ever seen, in that I just straight up do not understand it all.
I am constantly thinking about the "treat yourself" episode of Parks &amp; Rec
why does Ghomeshi's defense team have photos that make them look like a  billboard for an HBO show. what is their end game. why.
my professor is using detailed maps to explain what would happen if someone detonated a WMD on campus and I'm pretending I'm totally fine
I am happy that Ghomeshi will be in court and furious that Wilson will not. Feeling this way isn't a betrayal of the legal process.
"But what about innocent until proven guilty?" Important concept, but I am a person. I am not a court or part of the legal system.
@TheRomyGarrido I think we're all at that point in the semester. :) Tomorrow I'll be in 11-1 and 2 until around midnight!
when people say "i think margaret thatcher was a feminist" all I hear is "i don't care about the suffering of others"
I live in a world where a computer animated version of me can beat up a computer animated version of Margaret Thatcher. #blessed
protect other women at all costs 2k14
"The world is a beautiful place and I am no longer afraid to die." False. The world is an OK place and I am actually very afraid to die.
@JessyKuehne You know it haha
one of my professors just described Saddam Hussein as "problematic" I think liberalism is reaching critical mass
I don't trust anyone who condemned the attack on a synagogue and then felt the need to talk about how bad Zionism is in the same sentence
there is no hummus in my house I thought we immigrated to this country for a better life
@tonieminhas I identify with this tweet way too much tbh
I just downloaded a 47 page paper on the ethical legacy of the Nuremberg trials in international law, how are all y'all doing?
I have never met someone who constantly talked shit about public school teachers who wasn't also a pretty awful person
It doesn't matter if you attack worshipers in a mosque/temple/church and it doesn't matter if you call it "resistance." You're a terrorist.
It's heartbreaking to realize that after all these years we're still praying for peace in Jerusalem
"this model believes that context does not influence decision making" wow this whole school of academia can literally ignore world history
Our guide to #ucalgary tuition hikes is a must-read for all students protesting today in #yeg: 
@Willetton this giraffe looks so fragile I want to tell this animal that things will be ok
@water_melan I AM SO DONE I'M PRACTICALLY A BRISKET
I've been thinking about that picture of Stephen Harper holding a koala for the last three hours
*smashes face against the glass ceiling*
every so often I remember that America doesn't have socialized medicine and that is some messed up garbage
"The producer is Jewish" is the situational equivalent of "I have Jewish friends." Not buying it.
"this model assumes that all bureaucrats are apolitical" *looks into a camera like I'm on the office*
@water_melan Yesterday a prof was 45 minutes late to a class and for some unknowable reason I didn't leave
"is feminism the worst word of 2014?" do you live in a hole because here in the real world people still use racial slurs like????
please stop writing long-form journalism about the ~jewish vote~
My friends have spent the last couple hours bothering a bunch of misogynistic libertarians with horse pictures I love this country
I'm so glad we're all Taylor Swift fans now
"Drake's ma is going to be so disappointed" -me when I saw Nicki Minaj's new music video
@CalWHOFoxNews Capitalism is garbage and Ronald Reagan was a bad president. #MyBlocCouldFightYourBloc
Ready to chair the #EuroBloc this morning!  (I have so much power) #CalWHO 
@Cbasedexplorer happy christmas i bought this for chika
why do I still have to deal with people still using nazi imagery 2k14
I'm wearing a pantsuit and a nametag while observing heated discussions on women's reproductive rights. #CalWHO is great.
@LouieV95 This is such a beautiful photo of me having a mental breakdown
I am oddly good at the drinking game flip cup, despite what my entire personality and everything I have ever done would lead you to believe
@water_melan 
the venn diagram between conspiracy theorists and antisemites is not so much a venn diagram, but two circles that fit on top of each other
@IsaacAzuelos @recreatesyntax A dreidel is the kind of thing you think is fun, play for five minutes, and then decide to watch a movie
If conservatives really wanted to help Canadian women, they'd focus on #MMIW, not criminalizing #sexwork and restricting our choices #C36
There is nothing more anti-feminist then ensuring that women don't have agency and safety in their chosen professions. #C36
I just cried at a movie about urban planning how do I have friends
It is really great that Israel is a haven for LGBT individuals but why don't we work on also making it a safe haven for LGBT Palestinians
"I won't wear a poppy on Remembrance Day because war is actually bad." They did it, kids. Liberals finally stopped war.
I will not apologize for this, neo-liberalism is very bad
I just audibly sighed when my professor said "neo-liberalism" and three rows of people turned to stare at me
GOOD MORNING AMERICA IT'S TIME TO VOTE DEMOCRACY IS BEAUTIFUL
what a beautiful sunset we're having this afternoon
There are no name candy cane oreos at bagel lunch but it is November and also we're all Jewish so this is probably hell
all of you need to chill about Christmas it is November seriously just calm down
"Daylight Saving Time Is America's Greatest Shame" yeah it's definitely not slavery or the slaughter of the First Nations yah ok bud
I'm gonna spend tomorrow writing a paper on Blade Runner I love liberal arts
my life is so wonderful that I am currently considering unironically using the hashtag #blessed that's how good things are
*gloomily eats caramel popcorn at an editorial meeting*
I'm not kidding at all this is my literal favourite thing
my favorite thing that has ever happened at my workplace is the time a friend took a copy of VICE out of my hands and threw it in the trash
goals: live my life in a way that causes conservatives to condescendingly call me a "social justice warrior"
is it rude to livetweet a bat mitzvah rehearsal
I am literally constantly amazed with the courage of women who will publicly name their accusers. Unbelievably brave. #ibelievewomen
wow that "nerd" vs. "jock" mentality you've held onto since high school is definitely super healthy and will help you out in your adult life
#IbelieveLucy because I believe women. End of.
I went to the poli sci department to talk to a prof and literally heard a dude say "there's nothing wrong with eugenics" holy hell
"I'm not crying" -me when I am definitely crying
@Emily_Leedham hell yeah fucking right
hi before you talk to me about Jian Ghomeshi I'm going to need you to fill out a questionnaire on 21st century feminism and modern society
I think we all need to get real for a sec and talk about the fact that Taylor Swift's new album is very good???? I know I'm surprised too??
I'm reading a thought catalog article about why women shouldn't wear makeup because I don't like nice things
I remember a friend of mine once asking me why women didn't report sexual assault more. At least I have an example to use now.
my friends text me in canadian press style
wow, can't wait to spend the next couple days hearing everyone's very bad opinions about this Jian Ghomeshi thing
actively pretending this Jian Ghomeshi thing doesn't exist because it makes me feel kind of sick to my stomach
I've got my Ipod, leggings and white wine, so I think I'm ready for girls night.
"#GamerGate is actually about harassing women, not ethics in journalism." Water is wet folks, more news at 11.
Putting my Ipod on shuffle is so stressful. What will come up? Fiona Apple? A recording of a protest I once went to? Hadag Nahash?
The Israeli defense forces are making topical Game of Thrones references on twitter and I think this is what hell is like
@Cbasedexplorer Yeah! It's like the "feminists aren't all lesbians" like do you have a problem with lesbians stop pandering to these people
update: they are now yelling "turn down for what" very loudly and wearing horse masks
there are approximately one hundred drunk football fans on the train I think I had a nightmare like this once
the response to the garbage "feminists are ugly" argument shouldn't be trying to prove that we're pretty it should be telling people to stfu
any story about dogs waiting for people to come home will make me cry 100% of the time
@reehewitt that's sweet but Justin Trudeau is the world's prettiest man so this is impossible
I think Justin Trudeau and I have the same haircut and idk how I feel about that
I just blotted my lipstick on a bank statement, so that's where my life is at the moment
It is approximately 12 hours after my last midterm and I already think I'm getting sick
@Willetton CBC has a liveblog that's more reliable than twitter, which is notoriously bad with breaking news: 
My thoughts and prayers are with people in Jerusalem and Ottawa. Two of the countries I love most in the world.
I don't know why we didn't figure out that the old pope was evil sooner because he literally looked like Emperor Palpatine from Star Wars
For the record, current me is also very excited.
If you tune into @CJSW tonight at 8, you can hear me talk about feminism on @YeahWhatSheSaid. Seventeen year old me is beyond thrilled.
remember when we all thought we were going to have to get and use Ello accounts because that was a wild 36 hours, let me tell you
I like using my GST cheque to purchase things I know that Stephen Harper would personally disapprove of.
@water_melan I want this framed so I can hang it on my wall
@water_melan I appreciate these jokes on an almost religious level tbh
"How do you celebrate Simchat Torah when your rabbi has been arrested?" the Jewish Daily Forward is a complete disaster at this point lbr
#stopgentiles2k14 
@BolgerEllen "I'm socially liberal but fiscally conservative" aka "I like weed but still think poor people want too much of MY money"
I love having exams at 8 a.m. on Saturday morning. They are extremely great and not inconvenient at all.
Calling Jews who criticize Israel "Nazis" is blatant emotional blackmail designed to silence and intimidate dissenters. I'm done with it.
genuine question: does the #wrp have a platform that isn't just pointing at what the PC's do and talking about how different they are?
#abpoli is just a long string of expense scandals that I can't bring myself to care about
I just forgot about my job??? Like after class I walked halfway to my house before I remembered that I have work. Punch me in the face.
lbr vampire weekend has a more interesting commentary on modern jewish life than fiddler on the roof
the university is giving the most condescending budget presentation I've ever seen I literally cannot believe it's real #ucalgary #abpse
Yo #ucalgary: budget town hall is today at 1:00 p.m. in MacHall A. and we all need to be there. End of discussion. 
I'm wearing leggings today as a visual cue to my co-workers that I have given up.
@Willetton @recreatesyntax happy mozels to all and to all a good night
Driving while listening to the Pacific Rim soundtrack makes everything about 100x cooler and more dramatic than normal.
Israel-Gaza conflict: MPs set to vote to recognise state of Palestine 
"I have a Jewish friend." I'm sorry, the limit has been changed. You must now have at least three Jewish friends in order to be antisemitic.
I literally work on campus so I can have a desk and better WiFi
@JessyKuehne yo but my gentile friends really do think that every holiday is Hanukkah or "that one with the war" so
For my gentile friends: we're celebrating outside-plant-hanukkah
I hope everyone has a joyous and peaceful Sukkot, Shemini Atzeret, and Simchat Torah. Chag Sukkot Sameach!
today in my political theory class I learned that I'm a really big fan of marxist theory and I don't know why I'm surprised????
MP's that don't vote on substantial bills???? That is literally your whole job??? Why?????
my urban studies professor's hatred for Los Angeles is giving me strength
I can argue academic theory for about forty minutes but after that I just want to go outside and throw a rock at a tree.
I keep thinking of good jokes to make about pluto being "voted into being a planet" but I'm like four days too late, gosh darn it.
@Willetton This narrowly beats out pumpkin spice hummus tbh
@recreatesyntax Hella. Sign me up.
"Drake passes the Beatles for most Top 100 singles" 5775 is clearly off to a great start, baruch hashem y'all.
*shows up to your house blasting matisyahu* hey do you want to hang out I brought hummus
this "chill sunday morning" playlist doesn't have enough Kanye West on it tbh
I wanted my first post-fast tweet to be something deep and spiritual but I really just wish this water would boil faster so I can have pasta
We'll have a brief radio silence for Yom Kippur, so a blessed and peaceful holiday to all y'all! Gmar chatima tova!
my mom liked my editorial this week, so it actually doesn't matter what anyone else says tbh
@jaretthenry This is actually the most wonderful movie, I cannot recommend it enough!
This #JSIL thing is truly ridiculous. Half of world Jewry doesn't equal an extremist terrorist organization.
*learns about realism in class* lmao this is actual garbage
They also announce that they support a two-state solution and that Hamas is bad. It's groundbreaking. War is over now folks.
I haven't seen the press conference yet, but I bet that Obama and Bibi had a frank and open discussion about issues in the Middle East.
"Hello nerds" -me greeting my much cooler friends
Being in the office alone at 7:00 in the morning means that I can play Welsh hymns as much as I like and no one can stop me.
@recreatesyntax The editorial is now a Lena Dunham think piece. We can only hope to reach the journalistic standards of the National Post.
"India supports our country now!!1!" Yeah, India is now run by an actual fascist responsible for anti-Muslim riots???? Mazel tov???
Remember when VICE wrote that ridiculous article that was called "Calgary Is Actually Nice?" You literally can't make this shit up. #yyc
My twitter for the next couple days will probably just be Bibi Netanyahu holding weird props, so I hope you're all down for that.
"Why isn't anyone talking about this?" -really annoying people talking about a news item that is literally the top story on the BBC
@recreatesyntax @Willetton This is very good.
@IsaacAzuelos Nothing in the world tops that Netflix conspiracy show. It is a category of it's own horrible design.
It was one of the most needlessly dramatic things I have ever seen in my entire life.
Today in my history of Israel class we watched a video called "Pillars of Fire: the Jew returns, the Arab awakens"
Do we all remember this? Because it's still one of the funniest things that has ever happened at the UN 
Can't wait to see what weird poster Bibi has for his UNGA speech
@water_melan Jokes about arts students making no money with their degrees are very original and extremely funny. I love them.
My goals for 5775 are to wear more feminist sweaters, apologize less, and use the phrase "evils of industrial capitalism" more.
Men didn't "give" women the right to vote, extraordinarily brave women fought for decades and eventually won our inalienable rights
I am fundamentally uninterested in a feminism that puts me and Margaret Thatcher on the same team
I am now reading comic books in a cabin so all is well that ends well, including my horrifying backcountry adventure.
@cbwolff Where I'm going doesn't have an address, I did manage to think of the map before spiraling into a panic
I am literally lost in backcountry Alberta right now so that's fine I'm totally not panicking
If there isn't enough news on campus in the next couple weeks, I guess we can just start writing longform think pieces on Lena Dunham.
@Cbasedexplorer I told my ma that this is what I want for hanukkah
@BariLeia *continually passes off speeches from the west wing as own ideas*
@BariLeia The amount of papers I have titled after West Wing episode titles is extremely embarrassing and ridiculous.
my hobbies include making eye contact with my professors during lectures for an uncomfortable amount of time
literally praying for a day when I no longer have to pay attention to the constant garbage Avigdor Lieberman spews amen selah
I definitely disagree with some of the rhetoric and the use of the word genocide but we're seeing a lot of facts about Israel said straight.
What is 100x more disheartening than Abbas's speech being anti-Israel is the fact that he hasn't really said anything wrong.
Abbas isn't pulling any punches with his speech to the GA. This is easily the most anti-Israel speech I've ever heard from him.
can I put feminist killjoy on my resume or
I'd like to highly emphasize that everything my family says on social media about the high holidays is a joke
We're not even at the synagogue yet and my family has made ~14 terrible jokes so happy holidays y'all
Shana tovah umetukah y'all!!! Happy Jewish new year everyone!
My friend @Willetton has a radio show on @CJSW right now and you should listen to it because everything/everyone involved is very cool.
I've come to the completely rational conclusion that my work computer is sentient, evil, and personally hates me.
There is a giant bug in my urban studies class and I'm really not amused by this
@IsaacAzuelos Oh, I believe in the big bang theory, I just think it's not funny and should be cancelled.
if scientists could harness the power of my hatred for the big bang theory we could solve the energy crisis
my kingdom for a night with more than five hours of sleep
@FASA_UCalgary @UofC_CSS That's me! I'm the Classics and Religion rep, but I'm a little new to the GRST side of things still.
I went to see @PrideMovie today and I knew I'd be very emotional and yet I still managed to cry more than expected. #CIFF2014
I will always continue to support Israeli refuseniks. They are a vibrant dissenting voice in Israeli democracy.
"I don't support either side, I just want peace!1!!!!" This position is boring. I am bored.
if you aren't jewish you can't use the word "kabbalah" sorry I don't make the rules
My favourite installation at #NBYYC2014 is the white guy standing behind us complaining about the amount of money being spent on art.
*extremely drunk man starts singing bon jovi on the train*
*turns up vampire weekend song on ipod*
My heart is very full right now. #TBTNyyc
I'm also very tired and emotional, but this is honestly really great.
I'm so pumped about #TBTNyyc right now. Women are so important and it's really great to be surrounded by people who are in solidarity.
Can't believe we're still talking about secondary suites, but renters deserve safe and legal housing: 
My urban studies prof keeps going into thinly veiled rants against industrial capitalism and I'm pretty happy about it.
I am extremely pumped about the #indyref because I love democracy. I love it so much guys. I'm so excited.
I hated Margaret Thatcher before it was cool
My goal for this semester of university is to play more ultimate frisbee on the quad
@jaretthenry I forgot that economics majors are suspiciously good at math.....
Today we had 30 arts students in a room and none of us could figure out what two thirds of 20 was. Come on team. Get it together.
baby boomer culture is just an entire generation that literally won't shut up about young people doing things they enjoy
It's almost like the hyper-nationalist and hate filled Zionism of Netanyahu and Co. is a betrayal of the original movement xoxo
I love finding out how similar my opinions are to founders of the Zionist movement like Theodor Herzl/Ahad Ha'am
How will I continue to bash Israel? Will I finally find love? Stay tuned for the exciting adventures of my twitter account.
@AthenaGenevieve I think I got actual whiplash from cringing at that photo
academics spend too much time arguing over definitions and not nearly enough time talking about how to actually improve people's lives smdh
@Cbasedexplorer Apparently it's at Eau Claire next Sunday as part of CIFF!
@water_melan I literally got over my fear of potentially having to see a movie alone because I wanted to see this movie that much.
If it comes to Calgary someone come watch this with me while I try to pretend I'm not crying about Wales and activist solidarity.
"The movie is about a queer activist group from London that forms an alliance with striking miners from a Welsh village." OHMYGOSH YES
I'm so glad my friends constantly use the phrase "get loose" in our day to day vernacular
Currently, every single Jewish institution in Germany requires some level of police protection. That's heartbreaking.
@Willetton Me. I would win. I am very powerful.
@JennGalandy Gonna straight kill it on the team next year tho #soexcited
Every single person who posts to "U of C confessions" needs to take a long look in the mirror and also think about Jesus. Come on y'all.
One of my friends told me I sounded like Noam Chomsky and I am very flattered yet strangely offended????
I'm so bored of this roving pack of leftist journalists that comments on the latest trendy topic with 0 nuance or advanced knowledge.
The moment you start seeing "common white girl" and "bro confession" tweets on your timeline is when you know your friends have betrayed you
Today I spent $140 on three books and went to a meeting instead of going out with friends. Is this being an adult. It's terrible.
the worst part about being in a 200 level class is people constantly making terrible presentations
"You look different from high school!" Yeah, I have shorter hair and I'm not desperately unhappy.
What a beautiful winter we're having this autumn
I literally woke up (late, because the power is out) to a tree branch falling outside my window
This city is a mess. I cannot believe my family immigrated to this country for this.
life goals: have the Daily Mail hate me as much as they hate Ralph Milliband
If you tune into @CJSW tonight at 8 p.m., you can hear @cadamsYYC and me kvetch about every #pcldr candidate
Chicago citation style or bust
can I drop a class just to avoid someone I know from high school or is that sad
@LouieV95 The only plausible explanation is a psychic link between the two of us
@LouieV95 I am literally listening to that song right now
*switches out of a mandatory class just to avoid the engineering building*
There is a syllabus posted online for 2/5 of my classes. I ask for so little, #uofc. I ask for so little.
@_LaurenJacobson Welcome to the rest of your life xoxo
Definitely emboldened by watching women from different political stripes and across the country support each other. Women rock.
Making public spaces safe for women is part of making the world accessible for women.
Writing an article about the queen and seeing how many times I can use the phrase "inbred overly toothy relatives"
I almost tweeted "WE NEED TO TALK MORE ABOUT THE PRINCE OF EGYPT" from my work twitter account
Please continue to argue about the Israel-Palestine conflict in my twitter mentions. It's a super intellectually stimulating conversation.
@Emily_Leedham Not at the moment, but it will be on Monday!
I have nothing but respect + admiration for women who talk about their abortions. Shame that a valid medical procedure comes with stigma.
@IsaacAzuelos I think tildes are hilarious and more ~ironic~ and it's also part of my schtick now
"Oh, did you read that article about AIPAC in the New Yorker?" -me, out loud, to other human beings
I'm going to synagogue tomorrow for the first time in four months and I'm literally just prepared for the world's most terrible situation
Wearing white after labour day because I am very edgy and rebellious
@water_melan Let's start an obnoxious mug collection in the office. Between your mugs and my Thatcher hating ones we're good to go!
@water_melan this mug is so important to me
my dad has other professor friends over so I've retreated to my room to drink tea and listen to kanye west
Hope in the future that more non-Jewish people can continue to police my cultural identity and political beliefs. #SarcasmFont
@Fenris69 @CUWIOfficial @ezralevant Hate speech/violence are unequivocally wrong. Public forums are not the same b/c free speech is for all.
I wonder if @CUWIOfficial and @ezralevant will be so eager to defend free speech when people don't agree with them? 
Objective journalism is a myth. Don't attack the bias of journalists, attack their ideas.
Israel can use the words "demographic balance" all they want but it doesn't change the fact that what they're talking about is fucked up
I've spent a good portion of the day just being giddy with happiness and I'm 100% sure it's obnoxious but I have approximately 0 regrets
it's a bit rich that the queen thinks selfies are strange when her face is literally on our damn money/postage stamps. come on lady.
welcome to #uofc y'all! 
My boss is using labour day as an excuse to play video games????
Most of my personality and political opinions can be described with the phrase ~hebrew school dropout~
"Wow, I've never met a Jew before!" -people who are about to ask me odd and yet slightly endearing questions
I will never fail to be amazed at how good it feels to talk feminism with my girlfriends. Women are beyond fantastic. &lt;3
I can't wait until I have enough money to fully commit to the yuppie lifestyle
my taste in music is unreasonably influenced by the songs my coworkers play excessively
Netanyahu is like a really sleazy magician - watch his hands, don't listen to what he's saying (re: West Bank land seizure) #FreePalestine
Happy #yycpride y'all!!!!
"Hi, I'm looking for a comic book where Captain America makes a rousing speech about patriotism that will make me cry."
If I was participating in ~#GamerGate~ I'd be more concerned with the level of misogyny in my community than with people pointing it out
My twitter notifications haven't been filled with so much inconsequential drivel since I made that facebook comment about Israel
FACT: if one woman agrees with you it makes all structural gender inequality disappear
@Willetton As we all know, the real victims are men who now have to deal with mild consequences for being misogynistic. #GamerGate
"First year students are so annoying" -people who inexplicably think that vocalizing this shitty opinion will make them edgy and cool
Binyamin Netanyahu and myself and Norman Finkelstein are all just as Jewish as each other, no matter how much that irritates all of us
Newsflash: Jewish tradition is built on dissent + debate. There is no right way to be Jewish and Jews who agree with you are not ~real jews~
@iD4RO @Willetton "join a century long list of Jewish betrayers" This article is so fucked up.
I went thrift shopping in a way that was nothing like that macklemore song and bought high heeled hiking boots and a really cheap filofax.
I'm so excited for the Scottish independence referendum. Election nights are the best nights. #indyref
@Willetton mostly I'm glad I'm Jewish because it means I have more in common with Drake
I think about Drake's bar mitzvah monologue from SNL a lot tbh
Saying "I didn't intend for it to be sexist" means that sexism is entrenched in our society. It doesn't absolve you of responsibility.
the best time for pop music is whenever you were in sixth grade
@Willetton Yeah! We're both going to the same place, so that's fine. Text/email me your flight number so I can see when the flight comes in
@Willetton I have so many conversations with neocons and I don't know what they're getting out of it because it's just me rolling my eyes???
Today I discovered that neoconservatism has its intellectual roots in a Jewish monthly magazine and I'd like to apologize. I'm so sorry.
the public discourse on women's bodies is about 100x more unhealthy than women's actual bodies
I went camping two weeks ago and I still have giant bruises on my leg and I don't remember what they're from??? Help me, probably
There is absolutely nothing ~radical~ or ~edgy~ about antisemitism, it's the biggest continuation of the status quo imaginable
@Exo_Judaism one day I will return
I've been at work for over 14 hours????
as far as I'm concerned liberals just eat a lot of kale and constantly use the words "ethical capitalism"
I'm sorry y'all, but full justified text is the hill that I have chosen to die on
Stop talking about how what Israel does is ~ironic~ like there's a moral lesson Jews were supposed to learn from centuries of persecution
The former requires confronting bigotry and the latter has the added bonus of violent colonialism, so it must be an easy choice for Harper
I wish Canada was more concerned with supporting Jewish people and less concerned with supporting Israel.
@TaylorMcKee_ I am what Ezra Levant would call a member of the ~media party~
There are services at UofC that I don't access and am happy to pay for (and vice versa) because that's how we build a community for everyone
I use my cell phone, I pay the bill. I live in a civilized society, I pay taxes. I go to university, I pay student union dues. End of.
Membership to a student union shouldn't be voluntary because that's literally just not how communities work
Israel is not any safer after #ProtectiveEdge and Palestine is not any more free. It was a colossal failure in every way.
The most frustrating thing about this latest variation on the #Israel-#Palestine conflict is that no one got closer to what they want.
Hamas only ~won~ because Israel's actions consolidated their political base for the next fifteen years.
I know you think you want a president that can intervene in the judicial system but you really very much do not. Trust me on this one.
what is it with leftists and their obsession with President Obama intervening and making commentary on the judicial system
It's a beautiful Monday night and your pal Kate is crying over the burning bush scene from the Prince of Egypt like a total human disaster
Shira Herzog was a prominent dissenting voice in the world of diaspora Jewry. May her memory be for a blessing.
people who say "work smart, not hard" are generally doing neither
Whatever contemporary struggles the Jewish people face, at least we have the knowledge that the Spurs are topping the Premier League table
Half of my classes for fall are being taught by my favourite professor, "staff." I love staff. They're a really good professor.
The horror of the plight of missing and murdered aboriginal women is only magnified by the callousness of our elected leader
the venn diagram between my going-out playlist and drake albums is a circle
I don't have the time to pretend that I don't like the new Taylor Swift song. I do. It's fantastic.
@JessyKuehne I just went straight for illegal streaming. Who cares about shabbat when you have doctor who?
nothing is more irritating than liberals who think they're edgy for shit like not wearing poppies in November or criticizing America on 9/11
If #ProtectiveEdge doesn't come to some kind of strategic endgame within the next couple days, Netanyahu's public support will collapse.
How can the Israeli cabinet be so obtuse that they can't see another ground invasion is exactly what Hamas wants? #GazaUnderAttack
There becomes a point in most political issues where I can't even read about it anymore because it makes me so extremely upset.
what if we spent less time navel gazing about rise/fall/death/rebirth of liberal zionism and more time defending the values it upholds
Remember: before Israel's latest incursion into Gaza, a majority of Gazans did not support Hamas and did support a ceasefire
On the ~bright side~ the government won't ever put market modifiers on my tuition because my degree is perceived to have little to no value
@TaylorMcKee_ I too constantly wonder if my thoughts are my own, or if they're planted into my head by Ralph Klein
Do you know what the best term limits are? That weird thing we do where everyone casts a vote on who should represent us.
I love so much when your girlfriends start getting really into feminism because it's like you've won one for the team.
Not entirely sure that Jim Prentice isn't a weird robot created by Ralph Klein tbh
You can't fix the symptoms of a problem while literally giving millions of dollars to the root of the problem.
Trying to help Palestine while giving military/moral support to Israel's morally reprehensible actions is a terrible way to solve problems
please do not let me become one of those people that makes watching netflix and not having their life together part of my schtick
"your hair is so short" yeah I know that's why I got it cut like this???
Because I'm the kind of dork who actively uses the @SUUofC website, I have to say that the change is absolutely fantastic. Looks amazing!
All this navel-gazing about the US-Israel relationship is definitely helping the situation. Really groundbreaking. Great work team.
Casual reminder that none of the public bomb shelters in Jerusalem are in Arab or Palestinian neighborhoods. #IsraelUnderFire
"pumpkin hummus" also known as "flavoured bean dip for gentiles"
I appreciate why people want President Obama to talk about #Ferguson, but I really believe it's a terrible idea - becomes a partisan issue.
slowly unfriending people I knew from high school as they continue to post racist nonsense on facebook
Antisemitism is not a prop to be used in debates on rhetoric and theory, it's a very tangible issue for a lot of people. Treat it as such.
The response should be "wow that's awful, it should definitely be changed." Stop with the justifications like who are you trying to defend?
The fact that I have to calmly convince people that a town shouldn't be called "Death to Jews" is absolutely unreal.
This brinkmanship in #Israel-#Palestine is getting out of control. We need to stop playing games with people's lives.
@nattatalii I was literally talking about how fantastic the prince of egypt was this morning! That movie was good on so many levels
When camping we actually did visit the Tyrell museum and saw many large dogs. No one was eaten by a dinosaur.
@reehewitt Where are you ordering clothes from? I always find ordering online super stressful
@Willetton Veggie Tales is an extremely accurate rendition of the bible
If you really want to talk about ~historical accuracy~ the cast of most biblical movies should be almost exclusively Mizrahi Jews
Stop making movies about the bible where everyone is white. Even worse, stop making biblical movies where only the good guys are white.
Fortunately, the entire gauntlet crew returned safely from the badlands. The gang lives to fight another day.
I just got back from camping in the badlands. I have a giant bruise on my leg and was bitten by a million bugs.
*shows up to your house ten minutes early but still with Starbucks*
To be fair to my camping skills, I did also pack half a bottle of manischewitz and a tarp, so I am very prepared.
@Willetton someone may actually perish in the badlands
This open letter to anglo-Jewry by @hannahweisfeld made me finally feel like someone was speaking on my behalf: 
"Alison Redford shouldn't get a portrait because I don't personally like her." Dude, that's not how political institutions work.
"Ferguson police chief studied counter-terrorism with the IDF." Well folks, looks like we've come to a full fucking circle of shitty people.
.@SoyuzStrashok Riots are bad and violence is bad. Full stop. What's worse is structural oppression that strips people of their humanity.
I love the way conservatives talk about ~rioting~ as if it's not usually an expression of powerlessness
hey folks if it wasn't for riots you'd still be working twelve hours a day six days a week
"why are you bringing race/gender/sexuality into this?" yo I did not invent the influence of race/gender/sexuality for this conversation wtf
why do radio stations use facebook to post terrible memes. when did this becoming a thing. why is this a thing.
in other extremely important news, being Jewish is apparently upping my hipster street cred
Political stance: aggressively bored of VICE and also actively pretending Alan Dershowitz isn't real
It doesn't matter how often or how predictable these deaths and broken ceasefires are becoming, it still breaks my heart. #PeaceIsPossible
"records really have a more pure sound" dude just download spotify
I mean, Hamas is an actual terrorist organization so it's not that shocking but still. Palestinians just deserve so much better.
Hamas breaking a ceasefire two hours early to send ineffective rockets at civilians is a shockingly bad strategy #IsraelUnderFire
I was hoping we would be hearing leaked rumors of the ceasefire agreement by this point. Either very good or extremely bad.
@Willetton @cadamsYYC I have recently been informed that clickhole is a joke. Please carry on.
@cadamsYYC I knew this would make me angry and it did. I am so mad.
"Israel must abandon the peace process to save the two-state solution" - After Gaza: 
I see no problem following the lead of other provinces (re: chartering) when things are done in a rational + fiscally responsible way #ableg
I'm also not a fan of the rhetoric that Alberta is somehow that much more ~special~ and ~unique~ that it needs a private fleet #abpoli
Why does Alberta need to be the only province with a private fleet of aircraft in the first place? #abpoli #ableg
@dheuman @DaveBeninger I see no issue following the lead of other provinces when it comes to responsible use of public money
@dheuman @DaveBeninger Alberta is the only province with a private fleet AND only province with continuous reports of abuse of aircraft use
I'm bored with talking about millenials, complaining about millenials, making jokes about people who complain about millenials. Bored.
Really hope that Israel doesn't give the names of West Bank Palestinians collaborating with Israeli Security Forces, mostly for their safety
Expansion of Palestinian control and opening of the Rafah crossing would be great for #Gaza, glad Israel gave up on demilitarization.
Closer look at the terms of the #Israel-#Palestine peace deal emerging from the Cairo talks: 
Imagine if Yair Lapid called the bluff on Netanyahu's post-Gaza loss of credibility and managed to outflank him from the left. We can dream.
Yair Lapid isn't the political hero that I've dreamed of, but it would be neat if #ProtectiveEdge brought together Israel's pragmatists
Apparent motto of the modern middle east: it's going to get worse before it gets a lot worse
instead of lamenting over the fact that diasporic Jewry is so attached to Israel maybe all y'all could clean your houses and figure out why
Science proves that the number one way to make someone mad is to take any joke they find funny and loudly ask if it's a meme
@sas_robin I KNOW, they give people the luxury of a whole ten minute warning before destroying their entire lives
Listen up kids. There's no such thing as a "moral army" and people who use that phrase are literally spouting propaganda.
"the most moral army in the world" *mimes vomiting*
Actually, my twitter is pretty boring and my dad already knows all my opinions on Israeli politics because I shout about them during dinner
I 100% forgot that my dad follows me on twitter, so that's something of a small mistake on my part.
Finally discovered the block function on twitter so that's what's happening to every single person who accuses me of being a ~ghetto jew~
@Willetton I knew before I clicked on that link that whatever it was would disappoint me. And it did.
I am pretty sure that if I played Team Fortress 2 I would actively set feminism back several years
Fewer people would support Hamas if there was proof (in the West Bank) that non-violence led to greater Palestinian security and freedom
The state of Israel must show Palestinians that there are benefits to non-violent resistance and negotiation. #IsraelUnderFire
I really don't understand people who don't support an independent Kurdish nation state. Is there a single good reason? (Unlikely)
"girls enjoy drinking a popular fall drink from a popular coffee brand!!1!" *crowd goes wild*
you can tell who is truly edgy by how early they start to complain about teenage girls and things they like to do in the fall
Stumbled on the Calgary Arab Festival this evening and had an absolutely amazing time! This city is actually full of so many cool things.
I literally told my family last night at dinner that America should fund Kurdish rebels in order to help the Yazidis and look who was right
"my family did not come to this country for this" -me every time something mildly disappointing happens
"Please complete a 30-40 minute worksheet before your team building workshop." I technically signed up for this but also I did not.
My version of feminism is basically just yelling about how great women are on the internet
"The zionists are controlling ISIS to destabilize Iraq." Of course we are.
whenever people try to mimic me they just talk about latkes and it is not exactly inaccurate
"Why isn't this actual terrorist organization acting in a way that preserves civilian lives? How shocking!" -literally twitter right now
Hamas isn't "miscalculating." They know exactly what Israel will do in response, and they want that to happen. #GazaUnderAttack
The flagrant disregard Hamas has for Palestinian life is just astounding. Lives of civilians &gt; bitter ideological warfare. #GazaUnderAttack
I'm so glad the word "nerd" has made a complete circle and is now an insult again. Hello nerds.
"Can you make a long, disorganized, rambling speech about reproductive rights?" *stands up* *straightens pantsuit* My time has come.
Can't stand the way people try to pit the plight of Yazidis and Gazans against each other. It's not a contest of oppression or horror.
Especially frustrating when students, the SU, and Campus Security were on board with positive language changes to security alerts
Disappointed in the statements made by the @UCalgary Deputy provost - we do not need to be "mindful of personal safety" to prevent assault
This whole ~entire office plays Team Fortress 2~ shtick was cute at first but now there's just anger and gun shot noises all the time
Really good piece on how violence only bolsters extremists "Who are the true Jewish allies of Hamas? 
I would align myself more with people who dislike Alison Redford if they didn't treat it like a really enjoyable witch hunt. #abpoli #ableg
The way that certain atrocities become "trendy" - to talk/care about - is really odd. Either sinister or symptom of modern public discourse.
Casual reminder that there's horrors beyond the trendy Western obsession of the day: 
It's honestly just a really beautiful morning in Calgary. Everything feels so good and clean and the sun is shining and it's just very nice.
I will not support actions I find morally repugnant and I will not act as a ~good Jew~ rubber stamp to dismiss antisemitism. All of you stop
.@_LaurenJacobson Is liking Ezra Levant in a family full of socialists your idea of teenage rebellion
things that will make people support extremist regimes:
-illegally occupying their homeland and murdering their children
The world could just use more people that maintain principled stances, even - especially - at the cost of their careers.
I don't agree completely with the politics of @SayeedaWarsi, but it's amazing to see politicians take strong and principled stances. #Gaza
*emerges from three weeks of reading almost exclusively about Israel-Palestine* hey what's up guys did something happen in Ukraine
apparently you can buy a "destroy capitalism" piece by Banksy at Walmart and everything about this is so funny to me
"do you want kosher chinese food" you actually cannot dream of a situation in which I don't want kosher chinese food
If you're looking to learn more about Israel-Palestine, these people have been particularly good: @BarakRavid, @MazMHussain, @Yair_Rosenberg
@yntn "The Germans will never forgive the Jews for Auschwitz." That one sentence is such a perfect encapsulation of Europe and the Jews.
This night's episode of @YeahWhatSheSaid was actually so good. Filled with love for women, feminism, Fiona Apple, and this city right now.
Whether the spray painting of swastikas on homes was meant for the #yyc Jewish community or not, that expression of hate is unjustifiable.
As we observe Tisha B'av in mourning of destruction in ancient Israel, we also mourn the current war and loss of life. #IfNotNow
"I have Jewish friends." I don't care if you have a Jewish friend. I don't care if you have 19 Jewish friends. I hate this argument so much.
I'm really glad Henry Siegman is finally getting the prominence he deserves. The American Jewish left is truly standing on his shoulders.
Today marks the 70th anniversary of the murder of the last Roma and Sinti families in Auschwitz. May their memories be for a blessing.
For some more context, this is the same newspaper that published an actual article about my "anti-Israel bias" and "disgusting character"
The fact that the Israeli foreign ministry is using arguments from @Algemeiner is both hilarious and extraordinarily pathetic
No words and no excuses for the Israeli shelling of a UNWRA school. Completely unacceptable by every moral and ethical standard.
Powerful women are not automatically feminist icons because there is no such thing as trickle down empowerment.
I spent shabbat drinking chai lattes and watching a truly upsetting documentary about Gideon Levy. Truly a parody of my own personality.
Guardians of the Galaxy was greatly enhanced by the twelve year olds near us that said "lol" out loud every time something funny happened
The word "ceasefire" has literally lost all meaning to me
Me as a parent: "not now kids, mom is arguing about Israel on the internet"
@JJboges He was captured in Israel - ceasefire also included caveat that IDF could continue tunnel dismantling operation during the truce.
"Truthers" aka "if we try really hard I'm sure we can find a way to blame Jews for this"
But still not over "we tortured some folks" smdh
I mean, yes, the US admitting to torture publicly is a big thing and something we'll have to reconcile ourselves with as a nation
We tortured some folks?!?!?!?
Clearly an organization with extremely high journalistic standards and ethical conduct
So @TimesofIsrael is the same blog that published a melodramatic op-ed about how my parents raised me poorly and that's why I hate Jews

Rule #2: Don't extrapolate from a call to genocide to all members of that advocate's…
*loudly talks about unionizing whenever my boss is present*
@JessyKuehne I was just making a point that I don't think Israel reacted proportionally or particularly well.
@JessyKuehne I thought Hamas broke it when they raided and captured the soldier. Either way, Hamas broke the ceasefire as far as I can tell
@JJboges Soldiers do get captured in war, but Hamas agreed to the terms of the ceasefire and then broke it to capture that soldier.
Ceasefire was broken because Hamas captured a soldier and because Israel doesn't understand how to react proportionately. Disappointing.
Capture of an IDF soldier is yet more proof that Hamas is fighting an ideological war they cannot win at the expense of their civilians
@water_melan America is truly the land of the free and the home of the brave
@water_melan why didn't you buy five of them
@LouieV95 Is your twitter a postmodernist exercise or am I just not smart enough for it.
I bet you a million dollars Ezra Levant uses the word "media party" to complain about this article 
And that's a ceasefire, folks. We can only pray that it lasts, and that a better solution can be found in these 72 hours.
don't go on public transit with me unless you want to hear me talk about how much I love public transit
I ran into two of my coworkers today while out with another coworker and this city is not that small. Guess we're just drawn to each other.
The fact that there is an olive oil shop in Kensington astounds me literally every time I am there. Rich people are wacky y'all. #yyc
@JennGalandy We always forget it's about a total university experience, not just grinding towards a GPA
I got home from a really frustrating night at work to find out that my little brother had cleaned the entire kitchen and I could have wept
You can literally summon me from the other side of the room by saying the word "Israel"
However, so is acting like gender is not an extremely powerful framing tool for how we see decisions and character traits. #abpoli #ableg
Pinning the public's entire reaction to Ms. Redford solely on gender is an exclusionary and reductive reading of the situation. #abpoli
When looking at Redford and the public reaction, you can't only discuss gender, but it's foolish to completely dismiss it. #abpoli #ableg
We really need to stop pretending that America is an impartial mediator to the Israel-Palestine conflict.
@JJboges Oh yeah, I hate all of them, I just personally hate William Lyon Mackenzie King the most, for obvious reasons.
@JJboges I get why, but there is no argument that will personally convince me because I'm not approaching this from a rational place
@JJboges The combination of "none is too many" with the appointment of Frederick Blair means he shouldn't be celebrated on our currency
There is no way to argue this because my counter-argument will be that thousands of Jews were brutally murdered because of his antisemitism
The big #cdnpoli issue we should be concerned about is that actual terrible human being William Lyon Mackenzie King is still on my money
so done with anti-abortion activists that I'm practically a brisket
Casual reminder that I still hate Thatcher. You can't break the glass ceiling and then build a new one with yourself on top.
@JJboges It reads like the script to a really terrible fourth grade play about world politics that's dumbed down for elementary school
Joe Biden clearly leaked this transcript to topple the administration and continue on his plan of world domination.
@Willetton Someone supposedly leaked a transcript of Bibi and Obama talking to each other: 
There is no way that this "leaked" transcript resembles reality in any form. I could write better fanfiction of this situation.
I just got trapped in a health sciences parking garage for about twenty minutes and I swear I experienced true fear.
#abpoli is starting to feel like a really elaborate joke, except the only people in on the joke are high ranking PC party members
I don't care how you politically feel about Israel, it is offensive and cultural appropriation to wear a kippah if you aren't Jewish
@SoyuzStrashok I'm definitely swinging to the other end of the political spectrum, but it's nice to see how we're all done with the PC's
Casual #pcldr reminder that Lukaszuk slashed the #abpse budget and still claims we shouldn't hold him responsible for it.
Y'all need to stop using the Shoah and the civil rights movement as rhetorical props and respect the struggles of other people
As always, don't invoke other people's struggles to justify your political beliefs.
Yo #uofc, @FASA_UCalgary is looking for a VP Comms and it's an awesome organization w/ a great group of people! #ucalgary
I fundamentally do not understand people who play golf.
I don't think we would praise Hamas for their humanitarian efforts if they sent leaflets to Tel Aviv telling people to abandon their homes
The tea I make in the office never tastes right so I just sit at my desk and bitterly drink whatever weird hot murky liquid this is
Good to see that ~women's issues~ like the removal of Therese Casgrain/Famous Five from public images are capturing public attention #canfem
I've seen so many people misuse the world Zionist over the past couple days. Come on y'all, just read the wikipedia article on Zionism.
Eid Mubarak!!! A wonderful and peaceful holiday to everyone celebrating around the world
@tonieminhas Haha you basically summed up our editorial in 140 characters! Protests are kind of fun but mostly they feel futile.
@tonieminhas I was at the rally, and watching both sides scream "we want peace" at each other was a little surreal and really sad.
I just got an email calling me "Zionist-lite" and it was meant to be an insult but I actually want it on a t-shirt
I know 15 year old girls on twitter that are less dramatic than the Israeli army smdh
@sas_robin Hahaha, I was just flabbergasted that apparently no one had told this guy that this joke was no longer appropriate
He clearly didn't know I was Jewish and therefore expected me to laugh politely but I hate that joke so much
A customer was trying to joke with me when I fumbled his change and used the phrase "Jew me down" and I couldn't punch him in the face.
In actuality, workers earn fair compensation by virtue of performing labour/service. Labour is entitled to all it creates.
I hate the way conservatives talk about wages like they're a favour given by benevolent corporations
People who have been following #GazaUnderAttack and still 100% support Hamas/the Israeli government are ideologically blinded
Massive anti-occupation demonstration in the rather aptly named Rabin Square. Proud of the pluralism in Israel's democracy.
This radio spot by @btselem was censored by the Israeli Broadcasting Agency, but the children in #Gaza have names: 
"What have you done for Israel?" Ummm, not authorized military operations that have murdered people??? I'm doing morally OK tbh.
@BariLeia I honestly thought that it was a parody twitter account
When I say "Israel striking a hospital is bad" or "launching rockets at Jerusalem is bad" I mean exactly what I just said and little else.
@Willetton I listen to Israel apologists talk about this and I'm pretty sure they actually just live in a different version of reality.
With regards to the Israel-Palestine conflict - saying what one group is doing is bad does not mean you 100% support their opponents.
the mental gymnastics people do to be able to justify what Israel is doing to Gazan civilians is actually impressive in its doublethink
"teenagers on the internet are pretentious!!!" ugh yeah these kids trying to find out what they're passionate about and what they believe in
*boys are back in town starts playing* darn it, now I have to listen to the entirety of this song before doing anything else
It's the holiest month of the year for Muslims and a period of mourning for Jews and this is what we're doing to each other. Soul crushing.
for someone who spends a lot of time talking about atheism, Richard Dawkins really thinks he's God's gift to the world
Most surreal moment of the #YYC4GAZA protest was when both sides ended up chanting "free Gaza" at the same time
I'll be livetweeting tonight's #YYC4GAZA protest on the @GauntletUofC account, if that's anyone's cup of tea
That social media map of hashtags used on the #Israel-#Palestine conflict is really really cool. Information technology is actually so rad.
The UofC has actually given me very few things, but this free Microsoft office is probably the best 
@arazmix No, I'm just pointing out that Hamas doesn't have the best interests of Palestinian civilians at the heart of their decisions.
Let's not forget that Hamas killed 160 children in order to build the tunnels into Israel 
What I heard: "We have absolutely nothing so I'm going to string together some of my favorite buzzwords. State! Framework! Negotiations!"
Kerry: "We don't have a ceasefire because of ~terminology~ but we have the context of the framework to work through"
it really skeeves me out when random white leftists talk about how much they hate the ~zionists~ like we all get what code you're using son
What's taking place in Gaza is terrible but it's not genocide so can we stop throwing that word around because it's pretty specific
Victims of antisemitism in Paris must be happy to learn that it wasn't real antisemitism because "technically Arabs are the real semites"
They left me 100 dollars for food and I am going to spend all of it on bagels and lox
My parents are leaving for ten days on vacation so I'll basically just be playing house for the next little while
My friends know so little about Judaism I could literally make up anything I wanted and if I sold it well enough they would 100% believe me
People don't appear to understand that the news is not meant to validate every political opinion you've ever had
who let a radical socialist national self determination movement become represented by Bibi Netanyahu because I'd like to make a complaint

The article was written like it was the literal worst thing ever that political staffers participated in a non-violent protest lmao
"Conservative party staffers went to a pro-Israel protest!!1!" Big freaking whoop, political staffers can have opinions too???
Hoping against all hope for a peaceful protest and a peaceful response. This violence cannot be how a viable democracy functions. #48kmarch
what if you found an inspiring quote about being a woman that wasn't from literal nazi coco chanel
Beyond frustrated that the Israeli Broadcasting Agency censored the @btselem radio clip. Shouldn't be anything controversial about facts.
Loved finding out how many of my friends have bought into antisemitic rhetoric over the past couple days. Super fun. Makes me feel great.
The Jon Stewart bit where people yell that he's both a Hamas supporter and a Zionist pig in about five minutes is too real and also my life
Walks into the Commonwealth Games like what up monarchies are inherently tyrannical and oppressive
@JJboges As you tweet about the Commonwealth Games like a 400 year old imperialist, I'm glad to let you know that I still hate the monarchy
Not to say that Israel shouldn't be investigated, but that ALL countries should be held to the same standards, not just the trendy causes
plot twist: the UN gets over it's weird obsession with Israel and equally investigates/punishes all nations involved with human rights abuse
"I hated Marine Le Pen before it was cool" - me, as my friends regret ever deciding to hang out with me
@JessyKuehne Whenever I talk to you I just think about how much I need more Jewish friends
@JessyKuehne Daughters of Zelophehad forever! (also liking obscure feminist biblical characters 2k14)
When people tell me they like my writing I wish there was a socially acceptable way to tell someone my heart just grew about nine sizes.
Same reasoning for why I talk about Israel-Palestine conflict more than others - I'm inextricably tied to this country b/c of my ethnicity
I don't criticize Israel because I hate it, I criticize Israel because I expect better from a nation that carries the name of my people
We have radio shows! And networking dinners! And women doing awesome things! I'm so pumped about feminism right now you guys
It's super cool to think about how many feminist resources are emerging on campus and how receptive the campus community is to them
"what do you mean you don't have a favorite biblical feminist character" - me in a casual conversation
Are you ever just struck by how much you love student democracy during very mundane moments. Because I am. That happens to me.
I love when you finish reading a book and there's that moment where you can literally pick any book you want to read next and it's magical
"Gazans aren't civilians because they elected Hamas." Cool, that's literally Osama Bin Laden's justification for 9/11. Just an FYI.
@JessyKuehne Good luck!!! You're gonna rock it!
"I want a cute British boy!!!1!!" I will sell you Nigel Farage if you spit on the ground and give me half a stick of gum
Honestly, on my 18th birthday I never could have imagined that my life would be so wonderful. My friends are truly amazing.
do you ever think to yourself 'wow I need to use the phrase "Thatcherite junta" more' because I frequently do
Taking a break from political commentary to let y'all know that my mum is making garlic bread for dinner and I am SO PUMPED.
things I look for in a man: will validate my opinions on the Israel-Palestine conflict
@tonieminhas There is no variation on the Rosie the Riveter poster that I am not completely in love with.
"Israel is responsible for antisemitism in Europe." Yeah. I remember that time before the state of Israel where Europe was great for Jews.
"I have hobbies other than yelling about Israel on the internet" I insist while continuing to yell about Israel on the internet.
I think reading through #WomenAgainstFeminism actually gave me a disease
"do not get into a fight about zionism on the internet" I whisper to myself over and over again
Zionism is not Nazism and saying so is extremely offensive and inaccurate so can we all just stop. Stop doing that.
Operation #ProtectiveEdge will not bring safety to Israel and Hamas will not bring freedom to Palestine. We need a ceasefire yesterday.
I literally think about Zoo Tycoon all of the time
Words used unironically in the comments section include "ziocult," "post-Nazi jihadists," "Jew cabal," and "Pallywood"
Life hack: do not under any circumstances read the comments on articles about #GazaUnderAttack unless you want to feel deeply unhappy.
If I could wear bowling shoes all the time I totally would because I really really love bowling shoes.
People should have to take basic religion classes just so people will stop asking me if I can eat pork if it's blessed by a rabbi smdh
Palestinian death toll has doubled. Israeli deaths are now a present reality. Still unsure about the endgame of Operation #ProtectiveEdge.
i.e. I don't support Operation #ProtectiveEdge but I think it's good that Israel continues to send medical supplies to Gaza. Case by case.
It's important that we judge the actions of governments on a case by case basis and don't paint them all with one brush.
"Your opinions have changed!!1!" I mean, yeah, as I was presented with new information I formulated new ideas??? Like a rational person??
My back is actually in so much pain from bowling. What we've learned from this is that winning ain't cheap and I'm a giant baby.
follow me for more apparently controversial views like "killing Palestinian children is bad!" and "don't beat up Jewish people!"
@tonieminhas the number one quality I look for in a date tbh
"I saw you standing next to Palestinian people, therefore you must be a terrorist." Hmmm, I feel like that's a racist and illogical leap
Got called a kike + a Nazi today, so it's good to know we can bring both sides together in their hatred of an 18 year old girl with twitter.
We should condemn people who acted violently, not the people who were only there to exercise a democratic right. Public space is for all.
I should remind everyone that people at the demonstration protesting FOR #Palestine were the ones who pulled off the attackers.
I think I got a backache from bowling???? Holy heck, I am actually a 90 year old woman.
@TheRomyGarrido Thanks so much Romy!! Dialogue is really important on university campuses and I love knowing that people read what I write.
Yo, if you want more info on the #yyc protest for Palestine @GauntletUofC covered it (it was an intense evening!) - 
The people who were attacked "provoked it" by doing what? Being Jewish in a public space? Carrying an Israeli flag on a sidewalk? #yyc
It is also important to note that most people at the #yyc protest were not violent - bigoted and hateful minority committed acts of violence
I don't believe in the rhetoric of "asking for it." Public space and debate is for everyone, not just people you agree with.
@naadders Obviously not, but that's not the conversation we're having right now because that's not what happened this evening.
@Willetton I won the first bowling, which makes me the inaugural bowling champion. Much more important.
@VanillaAaishXo I understand where that anger is coming from, but I still believe that the violence and intimidation were wrong.
@VanillaAaishXo I was there. They were attacked because they were publicly identifying with Israel. Still unacceptable to me.
We need peaceful and public dialogue on the Israel-Palestine conflict. A protest fits the criteria. Violence and hatred does not. #yyc
Unfortunately, protests often have people simply looking to cause violence, but that doesn't make it any less repugnant.
This shouldn't have to be said, but it is 100% unacceptable to attack, intimidate, or harass someone for being Jewish and/or Israeli
Shocked and dismayed by the violence I saw earlier today at a #yyc protest for Palestine. No words. Completely unacceptable.
@Willetton because we're neo-liberals that believe ethical capitalism will solve all the world's problems
I'm in a pickup truck with my boss on my way to a protest listening to Noam Chomsky lectures on the free market. College.
It's a difficult, emotional, and volatile conversation. But really, the alternative (as we are currently seeing) is just not an option.
There needs to be better dialogue based on understanding each others current and historical realities.
This conflict is not just a historical narrative or a statistic. It's about people (on both sides!) that want their kids to be safe.
Civilians are not statistics, they are people. #GazaUnderAttack "Gaza under siege: naming the dead 
@_LaurenJacobson COME SAY HI (and also buy me a doughnut)
I'm having one of those days where I want to look cute but my hair does not.
"so what is being Jewish like?"
*shows you the music video to Hell Ya Fucking Right* "well this is pretty accurate tbh"
Words have meanings, and anti-Palestinian sentiments should be called what they are - racism mixed with Islamophobia.
In response to the "Palestinians are semitic therefore Jews are the real antisemites" which is completely inaccurate and super offensive
Antisemitism has exclusively meant Jew hatred for a good century now - you can't just redefine words because you don't like Israel
How to criticize Israel without being antisemitic - 
still really into girl led pop bands tbh
@JJboges Yeah, bi-national one state is probably the most likely lasting solution, but I can't give up on a two state solution in my heart
@JJboges I'm a 1967 borders two state kind of person, but I think we're moving towards a place where that solution will be untenable.
Why I'll be talking about #GazaUnderAttack/#IsraelUnderFire at the #UofC (and why you should be too!) - 
Don't use the word Jews when you mean Israeli army. Don't use the word Zionist when you mean high level cabinet ministers. Language is power
I'm no great fan of Netanyahu, but I honestly believe that a combination of Hamas/ultra-right parties forced his hand. #GazaUnderAttack
"The Jews want to invade Gaza!!1!"
Nah man, I think you've mistaken a 6000 year old ethical tradition for Avigdor Lieberman.
@Nolanev aw shucks, this is actually one of the best compliments I've ever received
I have a list on my phone solely for the purpose of brainstorming future selfie captions. Coincidentally, I am also the worst.
"Well tomorrow is kind of like a day off, I only work five hours" - me lying to myself
also important: if you make Palestinians publicly repudiate Hamas before trusting/accepting them that's also super racist
basically I'm just super irritated that in leftist spaces I constantly have to prove myself as an acceptable human on non-Jewish standards
casual reminder that Jews don't have to spend their lives publicly repudiating the actions of Jewish extremists
my current stress coping skills consist of a) watching the Wire and b) making myself cups of tea while sighing loudly
Frustrating look at a war no one wants - "How Politics and Lies Triggered an Unintended War in Gaza: 
@ushakov_ilya I really did get so much cooler after high school
@ushakov_ilya I named all of the papers I wrote in first year after episode titles of the West Wing and have literally 0 regrets
day 182: still no one has noticed that I rip off upwards of 80% of my rhetorical arguments directly from the west wing
"please stop saying that you're feeling emotional about politics when I ask you how you are" - my mother
*absentmindedly doodles hearts on an editorial about the Israel-Palestine conflict*
With escalating conflict in the Middle East, Shiva Asar B'Tammuz takes on new meaning. A blessed and peaceful fast to all partaking in it.
"Israel isn't deliberately trying to hit civilians." Yes, that's true and that's good but it also doesn't make all those kids not dead so
spending the evening eating parmesan popcorn, watching jewish girl slam poetry, and feeling really emotional about america what's up y'all
@JessyKuehne Oh, that was SO good! I'm ridiculously into Jewish slam poetry - this one was popular but still amazing 
@JessyKuehne Have you seen this poem? (
@ushakov_ilya Yes! You've totally unleashed a monster though - send me a Facebook message, I'd love to chat
"You don't really look Jewish." Do I need to fiddle on a fucking roof for you.
It is literally not hard at all to criticize Israel without being antisemitic how do this many people keep messing it up.
Part of me wishes I had chosen the winning team to cheer for but all of me knows that I will never cheer for Germany.
Watching people be emotional about sports is making me emotional about sports.
Someone get that poor literally bloody German player a towel and also a hug.
Please stop showing me tiny upset children because now I am also upset
Me two hours ago: I don't really care who wins the #WorldCupFinal 
Me now: I would fight a small village for the Argentina team
Going to penalty kicks would really undermine what a truly amazing and high energy game #GERvsARG has been.
I love when players on opposing teams help each other up or when the whole stadium applauds players coming off. So many sports feelings.
At the rate #GERvsARG is going, we're gonna be throwing punches soon. #WorldCupFinal
I am SO PUMPED about sports and WAY LESS pumped about current events.
Just a note that antisemitism bolsters the revisionists and the hardliners in Israel. Reasonable debate bolsters the peace activists.

"Hundreds trapped in synagogue as protests turn violent." What year is it. Did I wake up in the Middle Ages. How is this remotely acceptable
I love how scrappy Argentina is. Also, I'm now super emotionally invested in this team I decided to cheer for ~30 minutes ago.
There was just a montage about sports and how they create communities and there's so much hope and camaraderie and I am so pumped rn
I'm cheering for Argentina because everyone else in the bar is and I want to feel included. #WorldCup
There are literally no situations where the word "feminazi" is appropriate like I can't believe this needs to be spelled out but here we are
Both Jews and Palestinians have no other land and no other home. We have to learn to live together. #PeaceIsPossible
We cannot afford to let extremists control the dialogue on Israel-Palestine. This matters too much to all of us.
Couching antisemitism in anti-Zionism is not only vile and racist, but also bolsters Israeli extremists and hurts the Palestinian cause.
As always, just because Israel is doing things that it should be criticized for doesn't mean that criticism can't be antisemitic.
I'm playing a video game with my little sisters and @_LaurenJacobson just threw me in lava because I wasn't moving fast enough???
"Life is what happens when your busy making other plans" - the grammatically incorrect John Lennon quote my boss has on all his emails
My youtube history is entirely Israeli folk music and slam poetry and this is a sadly accurate representation of my personality.
It's becoming pretty transparent that Israel isn't fighting a war with Hamas, but punishing Palestinian civilians. #GazaUnderAttack
Also, I have the alcohol tolerance of a baby bird.
Every Friday night my family uses Shabbat and Judaism as an excuse to drink an entire bottle of wine which is a pretty good use of religion
@reehewitt I want to take a group selfie with all awesome ladies and caption it with this
@aloezehra Yeah, it just sucks because it gives people an easy way to invalidate actual Palestinian suffering.
It continually flabbergasts me that people make up photos of Israel being shitty when ACTUAL PHOTOS OF ISRAEL BEING SHITTY EXIST
I think the people who call me a rat/nazi/etc think it makes me upset but I'm sitting on my couch and eating salad while watching Seinfeld
I'm going to start burying my opinions on zionism in tweets about teapots and beat poetry just to annoy the people who stalk my twitter xoxo
Great article that prioritizes Gazan civlilians: "Blame Israel and Hamas both for Gaza’s civilian deaths" 
*corners you in a dark alley* yo I heard you were talkin shit about Bibi Netanyahu *hands you a bottle of wine* allow me to join you
@Jakebearjew We're done this conversation. I respect the memory of my family's suffering too much to use it as a prop in a political debate.
@Jakebearjew With grief. And by finding comfort in a Jewish tradition that has taught me that killing someone else's child will not help.
@Jakebearjew The idea of a world where a non-oppressive Jewish state exists as a haven for world Jewry is literally my political ideology
@Jakebearjew Oppressing and murdering Palestinians won't make antisemitism go away
@Jakebearjew If Israel didn't ask for this conflict, then we shouldn't occupy Palestinian land and oppress Palestinian civilians.
@Jakebearjew I value Israeli and Palestinian life the same, more Palestinians are dying - points to unequal power and abuse of that power
@Jakebearjew Intent is important but results (0 Israeli deaths, 50+ Palestinian deaths) are ultimately the reality of the situation
@Jakebearjew Israel is responsible for the deaths it causes by the bombs it fires. Death of civilians is unacceptable, no matter the reason.
@Jakebearjew Israel has resources (Iron Dome, shelters, sirens, advanced military) that Palestinians don't have - makes waging war one sided
@Jakebearjew I do believe that the IDF is not intentionally waging war on civilians - doesn't mean that their actions don't have that effect
@Jakebearjew It's wrong of Hamas to drag Palestinians into a war. Also wrong of Israel to collectively punish civilians for their leaders.
@Jakebearjew Gaza is densely populated. Hamas isn't using the population as a shield, Israel isn't intentionally hitting civilians.
@JessyKuehne And the current situation has both Palestinians and Israelis living under the threat of terror - we can do so much better.
@JessyKuehne Me too - just really pointless and tragic to watch Israel and Hamas fling rockets at each other across the border.
@Jakebearjew There's a giant middle ground between standing idly by and carrying out punitive missile strikes on civilian populations.
Just because Israel's response is unacceptable doesn't make the rockets fired by Hamas acceptable. Also vice versa. #LifeUnderTerror
@Jakebearjew Obviously, I consider it to be yet more proof that Hamas does not have the best interests of Palestinian civilians at heart.
Having other people be outraged on your behalf is one of the nicest things in the world. My friends are awesome.
I love public transit so much you guys
For Hamas, firing rockets at Jerusalem isn't really about hitting it but about showing that they COULD. It's a show of strength. #ItMustStop
At this point I would not be surprised if someone told me Bibi Netanyahu was a piece of performance art called "zionism gone wrong."
No patience for people who act like Israel's response is proportionate, appropriate, and not deadly to civilians. #LifeUnderTerror
If I was the pope, I would literally ask Jesus to help my favorite sports teams all of the time.
Sure we shouldn't take cues from America and Israel's rocket strikes are punitive + inflammatory but cut it out with the self righteousness
Let's take 30 seconds to think about what America would do if state-backed Mexican terrorists started lobbing rockets at San Diego
Probably my favorite thing is when Americans act sanctimonious about what the state of Israel does like you live in a glass house.
you cannot comprehend how much I don't care about alberta's new license plates
lmao am I really supposed to believe that Ezra Levant supports fracking because of women's rights. Am I in Narnia right now.
Could everyone just take 30 seconds to think about whether this football game really needs a Nazi joke and then don't do that. Come on y'all
@Atheist_Deity I absolutely expect that Israel's response will exacerbate violence and instability. But doesn't make rocket fire acceptable.
This soccer game is like watching someone play the FIFA X-box game on the lowest difficult setting
Reminder that Binyamin Netanyahu is not Israel and that Hamas is not Palestine. All civilians deserve better. #ItMustStop #lifeunderterror
Sorry about yet another apparently controversial opinion but the stance of "firing rockets at Jerusalem is bad" is one I have chosen to take
Also awful to think that Israel's retaliation will bring more terror and instability. There's really no easy answers.
Jerusalem municipality is opening public bomb shelters. This level of escalation is absolutely insane.
Usually I agree that media is biased with Israel but literally all major news stations have (rightfully) led with the murder of Abu Khdeir
Nothing will make me stop reading your article on the Arab-Israeli conflict faster than comparing anything to the Holocaust. Nope. Stop.
"anti-zionism is anti-semitism!!1!!" 
*eyes roll so far back in my head they stare at my soul which is also rolling its eyes*
I am deadly serious when I say that if I ever actually call myself a journalist, please punch me in the face.
@Willetton now that's what I call Gen Z
"We did not return to our homeland after 2000 years to act like the racists we fled." Boom. Done. Definitive statement.
My phone just auto corrected "gentiles" to "entitled" this is absolutely amazing
There is a power differential and it is irresponsible to conflate the two, but moral outrage should come from the same place of compassion.
Can't stand it when political commentators refuse to condemn Hamas terrorism and save all of their outrage for Israel's response.
I am literally cursing people with Jewish magic all of the time. Are you reading this? Good, now you're cursed and you can't undo a Jew hex.
Iran's state broadcaster recently said that Jews use sorcery for espionage and on behalf of the Jewish people I'd like to say that it's true
My little sister is still in her pajamas and is also rapping loudly to Macklemore so I literally live in a house with teenage degenerates.
what if I told you it was possible to depict rich people in political cartoons without giving them curly hair and hooked noses
people who try to act like either Jews or Palestinians are not indigenous to the Levant are irritating and probably some kind of racist tbh
The website of graffiti free Calgary is literally the whitest and most gentrified thing I have ever read in my whole life y'all need a hobby
the best thing about university is that people don't talk about grades and also everyone got over their weird secrecy with middle names
It's really encouraging to see people coming together in grief and jointly condemning extremists and terrorists. As always, I am hopeful.
I actually teared up reading that news article, it filled me with such a sense of genuine hope.
do you ever look around a room and think "wow I literally like bagels more than every single person in this room"
I have so much love for all of my friends, but girlfriends are actually just so important. Women are amazing.
Hint: I have my headphones on in public because I don't want men to talk to me. I mean, I'm also listening to a podcast but men need to stop
I have a great love for things that are gimmicky and obnoxious and I'm actually pretty ashamed of it.
@AthenaGenevieve Good Omens! And also anything by Terry Pratchett ever - it's not low key but his work is so so good
I went shopping to get a swimsuit and bought a giant sweater and also leggings so that's where my personal fashion sense is at these days.
The bio of my twitter account should really just be "I take myself way too seriously"
I actually have no idea what a kickstarter is, but I do know that Seinfeld is better than our Prime Minister.
We need a ~grassroots~ organizing effort to make sure Prime Minister Harper never talks about Seinfeld again. Kickstarter this shit.
I feel bad for the people who trawl my twitter waiting for me to say something about zionism b/c I tweet a lot about bagels and also Drake
@Willetton Well at least I'm in good company, then.
@Willetton I hope you get put on a CUWI watch list for this tweet
Like either you're the most advanced army in the world or kids throwing rocks is a security threat. You can't fit both into your narrative.
The @IDFSpokesperson talks about ~rock throwing incidents~ as if they aren't in armored vehicles confronting TEENAGERS THROWING STONES
Tradition is a valid reason to do something ONLY if what you're doing doesn't hurt someone or something. #CalgaryStampede
blah blah blah I support chuckwagon racing because of tradition and am incapable of moving forward also thomas edison was a witch blah blah
My boss's email signature is a misspelled John Lennon quote and a small part of me dies every time I read it.
Like wow, you're so ~groundbreaking~ and ~edgy~ because you read a history book and realize America did bad things. Revolutionary.
Actually, the most annoying group are self righteous liberals who act like celebrating the 4th of July is LITERALLY the worst thing ever
I can never decide whether I'm more annoyed by over-the-top patriotism or people pretending they're cool by not being patriotic
@JessyKuehne There's a history of Israel class in the fall and the Arab-Israeli conflict in winter and I'm basically just really excited!
I like punk as a political culture way more than I like punk as a music style/aesthetic
shout out to the history department at the UofC for actually hiring someone to teach all the classes on Israel next year
I just filled out a form and under the interests section I put "bagels and radical politics"
I have political ideologies that I will defend with less passion than the movie Pacific Rim
My kingdom for a day where I have a Facebook message and it isn't someone yelling at me about the Israeli-Palestine conflict.
Both my rabbi and my therapist are out of town for July, so apologies in advance to all of my friends.
There are literally packs of youths roaming Market Mall and I don't have the social skills to handle this situation
at this point my personality is literally: oh, it could be worse, she could like Sylvia Plath
My life really changed for the better when I realized that I could cook myself spaghetti whenever I wanted.
Also, my hope is oddly bolstered by the unequivocal condemnation of this attack from mainstream Jewish/Israeli organizations.
I grieve the murder of Muhammad Khdeir as I grieve the murder of #EyalGiladNaftali. This culture of violence and retribution must end.
Please tell me that when I am 40 I will have better things to do then constantly harass an 18 year old girl over her political views.
Some tiny French Canadian girl gave me a Canadian flag at a gas station and if that's not the Canadian spirit then gosh I was misled
still can't believe that every canadian was born on canada day
The Trotsky is literally everything I look for in a movie, in that it's a movie about a Jewish kid who thinks he's Leon Trotsky
"communism is only good in theory" cool, because capitalism is a bad theory and also bad in practice so I really don't care xoxo
I would never advocate for political violence but I am saying that Samuel Alito has a car and it doesn't need so many windows and tires
"I am LITERALLY dying" I tell my mother after sitting in the sunshine for about ten minutes
@helen_ross721 I want to throw my hands in the air and give up but I also want to punch Antonin Scalia in the face.
The deaths of both Israeli boys and Palestinian civilians are a tragic reminder that we are failing ALL of our children.
I am literally 10 minutes from a final exam and still trying to watch press conferences/read news reports in a language I do not speak.
Speaks to the Jewish grapevine when tiny papers and individual twitter feeds have information before the BBC. We are a gossiping people.
If our boys are dead, the outpouring of public anger will destroy the Levant. We CANNOT afford so much human suffering. #EyalGiladNaftali
Heard rumours about a meeting of the Israeli security cabinet with news to follow. Hope my gut feeling is wrong. #EyalGiladNaftali
Every Justice that I like on #SCOTUS is either Jewish or a woman. I am not even slightly exaggerating.
I was promised a dystopia where I would get to wear all black and also have grenades. Instead of that, I got Hobby Lobby and the NSA.
Religious freedom is a right that DOES NOT include the right to impose your beliefs on others to the detriment of their health. #HobbyLobby
Corporations should have to accommodate the religious beliefs of their employees, not the other way around #HobbyLobby #notmybossesbusiness
Justice Ginsburg continues to the light of #SCOTUS in literally every way. Her #HobbyLobby dissent is a national treasure.
@JJboges I have chosen so many hills to die on, it does take such effort to defend them all.
Like, I'm sorry, but the apparently controversial hill of "don't compare Jewish people to Nazis" is the one I have chosen to die on.
Apparently we all need another reminder that it is literally NEVER OK to compare the state of Israel to Nazi Germany.
@Willetton The promoted tweets I see are always weirdly Islamophobic so. Twitter probably hates us.
How I'm preparing for my exam tomorrow:
-relaxing my hair
-reading Polish poetry from the 1960s
-eating chocolate ice cream
"yeah, but did the stuff in the bible actually even happen?" -people who are literally missing the entire fundamental point of religion
My new summer goal is to get weirdly into ultimate frisbee. Like, to the point where I alienate my friends.
My family is in Costco on a Sunday afternoon and I swear we're in #yyc suburban hell. Who are all these people. Go to church.
I got an email that said: "You remind me of Glenn Greenwald, a self-hating Jew-" and it was meant to be insulting but I am VERY flattered.
I just made myself garlic parmesan popcorn and, as a direct result, I am unreasonably happy with the world at the moment.
@tendercuriosity Literally all the time though???
Shocked and upset that Richard Dawkins is not irrelevant yet tbh
Ramadan is actually so hardcore though. Jewish people fast for 25 hours like twice a year and spend ~3 weeks complaining about it.
A blessed and peaceful month of Ramadan to everyone partaking in it
@AthenaGenevieve #FeministHiveMind
@AthenaGenevieve Should women be taking so many selfies?!?!? #StopIt
what if I captioned every selfie of myself with "pretty fly for a rabbi tbh" #disclaimer #notactuallyarabbi
I just got into an argument at work about CJSW and community radio stations. Beginning to think my entire life is an elaborate joke.
@Fenris69 Much like Zionism, I realize that there is a variety of different methods and beliefs present in an umbrella political movement.
Plot twist: Bibi Netanyahu stops manipulating the collective tragedies of our people in order to further his ideologically entrenched agenda
Unacceptable manipulation of our national tragedy by the Israeli government: "Beyond Israel's manhunt 
If you aren't Jewish, you have no business dictating the political agenda of a Jewish nationalist movement or talking over actual Jews.
.@Fenris69 #churchdivest is a divestment from 3 U.S. based companies, not Israel. It isn't directly associated with the BDS movement.
@cbwolff Yes, I tend to stick to fine publications like the Calgary Sun
My dad just tried to tell me about an article he read in the Gauntlet as if I don't work there and know exactly what's in the paper????
I just read a book that focused heavily on technical British libel law and I cried through the last 50 pages of it.
Medical service providers cannot be refusing medical services to women based off of sexist beliefs. Unacceptable. #yyc #yychealth #canfem
This makes you a bad doctor "Calgary doctor refuses to prescribe birth control over moral beliefs 
We can maintain a separate identity and customs as a tribe and still be a vibrant part of a nation state and I just think that's great
I think it's so cool that wherever Jewish people go we maintain our peoplehood but also are a part of the local culture.
This really just warmed my heart: "In Pictures: Indian Jews keep heritage alive 
~half of my schedule is contingent on the history department hiring someone to teach the classes on the middle east so please do that
This oppressive cyberpunk dystopia is nothing like the oppressive cyberpunk dystopian future I was promised.
My phone died and I just got lost in Bowness for a good thirty minutes. Both my parents are geographers, and probably preparing to disown me
@kellygthomas I think most of the issue was with the appropriation of First Nations culture - using independent peoples as a mascot.
I do actually have good reasons for my decisions but am literally unable to articulate them, apparently. #notasociopath
"Reagan and Thatcher set into motion a series of reforms...." *hisses loudly from the back of the classroom*
@kellygthomas It's Redhawks! The new logo is here: 
I'm really happy that the #cbe changed Western's mascot. They saw a problem and came up with a reasonable solution. Very important. #yyc
@maozedan Yeah! Everyone gives their lives a narrative and an aesthetic/style because it's comforting. People can make their lives nicer.
second of all, I know my life isn't going to look like a wes anderson film but I still like yellow teapots and pink lipstick so sue me man
I hate when people criticize millenials for ~romanticizing their lives~ like first of all what does that even mean
@UmairSajid You're all the very best kind of people! Nothing makes me happier than finding other people that hate that movie.
This gecko is literally me: 
This is the CBC story: "Warnings about potential Muslim radicalization went ignored, ex-U of C prof says 
I mean, insisting your version of Islam is the only one makes you kind of a jerk but not a terrorist. Obviously. Does this guy have a brain?
"A Muslim student in my class was really conservative so therefore Muslims in Calgary are becoming terrorists!!!1!" lmao who is this idiot
I got an angry email that said "what kind of Judaism do you even believe in?" and like idk man but hopefully the same one as Drake tbh
I literally talk like a 90 year old woman but at this point it's just part of my shtick so I'm committing to it.
When I walk home over the c-train station I can see downtown to one side and the foothills to the other and gosh this city is swell.
The person sitting in front of me in class just googled "Yom Kippur war." I think I've got this.
I love me some Moses, but he did drag us through the desert for 40 years to the only place in the Middle East that doesn't have any oil.
*ashkenazi folk dances away from ur terrible opinion*
What a Muslim American Learned from Zionists 
life hack: don't refer to women as "females" unless you're doing it loudly to alert us all to the fact that you're a truly awful person
People who try to show that a piece of music is terrible by saying that teenage girls listen to it have only revealed that they are terrible
So the UofC is bringing a "surviving a campus shooter" video to campus and it's a predictably terrible idea: 
Following people on instagram always feels creepier and more invasive than on other social media sites
I just fell off a ladder at work while trying to put away ginger coconut tea there is a 100% chance I am not being paid enough for this.
I'll add my voice to the rest of them in repeating an obvious truth: free press is a democratic fundamental. #FreeAJStaff
"The Fault in our Stars is the perfect romance!!!1!!" lmao if someone tried to kiss me in the Anne Frank house I would knock them out
No, feminism doesn't mean women want to control the world. I mean yes, I do personally want to control the world, but it's not on the agenda
"Am I the ONLY person not into the World Cup?" 
Yes. You are the only one. No one else on the planet has this opinion. Congratulations.
The worst thing about colds is that you're sick enough to make doing things difficult but not sick enough to actually stop doing them.
@tommycollison It's angry activism from a place of love, I can't recommend it enough.
I had such promise as a child but now I just schlep around my parent's basement and yell at people on the internet about Menachem Begin
One of the most chilling things people can say to you is "don't worry, you're not like other *insert group you belong to here*"
My hobbies include being right, eating bagels, and complaining about Binyamin Netanyahu on the internet. I am a parody of myself.
We can't want to change the world because we think we're awful. We have to want to change our communities because we know we can do better.
I hate to wax poetic on the internet about this, but social activism has to come from a place of love for humanity.
@tommycollison Field Notes on Democracy by Arundhati Roy. The second essay in that book was literally politically transformative
I am so sick that not even chicken noodle soup is helping
@ushakov_ilya True, it was eventually omitted. You'll have to forgive me for slightly sensationalizing a story six years later on twitter.
Goodnight, America. My twitter is better than yours. #xoxo
Meanwhile, every single Muslim/Jewish/Roma person is like: yeah, we've literally been screaming about this for months. Get it together y'all
I hate how every couple months the world cottons on to the fact that there's rising fascism in Europe and just writes inflammatory OpEds
I hate utopias so aggressively that I once failed a project in grade 8 because I refused to "design a utopia."
Also, if we aren't willing to support non-violent Palestinian movements, what do we expect them to do?
We shouldn't boycott Israel, but we should boycott settlements - which are not actually Israel, but an occupation of Palestinian land.
The former is mandatory, the latter is a violation of human rights.
Recognizing Israel's right to exist isn't the same as financial investment in companies that maintain identification systems for checkpoints
I am Jewish, I am a Zionist, and I support #churchdivest. The Israel I believe in is better than this.
"You just want attention." I mean, yes, I do want people to pay attention to me. Do you have a point?
My phone autocorrects "the Lord" to "the LORD" and while I like the sentiment, I'm really not that enthusiastic
@Willetton and here I thought my Itunes library was just drunk
"this playlist would really benefit from some more Matisyahu" I think literally every time I look at my Itunes library
if people tell you they don't like girl bands thank them because they have just alerted you to the fact that they are a very boring person
I think we're just making up genres of music now. what is baroque pop. what is indietronica. what is dreampop.
Capitalism isn't broken, it was literally meant to work this way. Violence is inherent to the system.
I'm reading Arundhati Roy essays and I just feel really emotional about democracy right now. As always, so sorry about my personality.
The BDS movement and its critics could all benefit from looking at the conflict through a nuanced lens and actually differentiating.
There is a HUGE difference between divesting from Jewish academics and from a company that provides surveillance for illegal settlements.
@maozedan but Israel is rael
"England can technically still make it out of the group stage" I whisper to myself while sobbing over my British passport
Excuse me professor, but could you keep the lecture on the Truman Doctrine down so I can focus all my energy into passionately hating Suarez
Watching the myriad of strange and entertaining ways that football players celebrate goals will always be amazing
@Willetton Tea place. Should we all be offended that you had to ask?
The music at my place of work is exclusively Jason Derulo and Turn Down for What. I am contemplating death.
I just spilled tortellini everywhere because I was too busy laughing at my own twitter account
At least the public debate in #yyc over bike lanes and secondary suites has made it clear who the shortsighted jerks are.
@hardavebirk Even municipal politicians appear to be out of touch on issues that tangibly affect people's lives. Unfortunate. #yyccc
All children in Israel-Palestine deserve better than being treated as rhetorical props. All children deserve safety and happiness.
"Environmental concerns aside..." Sorry y'all, that's not how the environment works. You can't just push those concerns aside. #cdnpoli
Sometimes my boss reads my twitter account out loud in front of me and I don't know how to react to it??? Like yes hello I did tweet that
One of my friends just used the word mitzvah correctly and I'm actually just really impressed.
I am honestly flabbergasted that we're still talking about secondary suites in #yyccc. We all know the answer. Let's move on.
@FlickoftheBin Criticizing Israel is apparently exactly like WW2. Ergo, I am now a Nazi. It's been quite a ride, let me tell ya
@FlickoftheBin I think he may have started using twitter again just to call me a Nazi sympathizer.
"do u think jihadists" who are you. why are you speaking to me.
@_LaurenJacobson You were bORN IN AMERICA YOU ABSOLUTE NUDNIK
I love the country of America and am pretty strongly patriotic but I will never ever cheer for my country at an international sporting event
I think Judaism is my favorite meme.
Jim Prentice is in the office and I'm wandering around in a raggedy sweater trying to make a cup of tea.
@LouieV95 I will burn down the office and there will be nothing relatable and quirky about it.
I have like negative patience for oppressive neo-liberal organizations being ~quirky~ and ~relatable~ on social media.
I don't watch Game of Thrones but I'm pretty sure the only acceptable political ending to the show is a proletariat revolution
I asked my little brother to edit my paper so he went through it and changed every word beginning with an "A" to "Africa." Why.
My father is the best because he has read every single academic paper I've ever written and never once has he rolled his eyes.
I'm extremely frustrated with ~the left's~ weird self righteousness over these kidnappings like I'm sorry this conflict is actually nuanced?
These boys are the same age as my little brother and if you look at this kidnapping as anything but an act of terrorism that's disgusting.
I am aware that Israel creates violence that harms Palestinian children but NO CHILD should suffer because of what their government does.
It is beyond sanctimonious and obnoxious to act like Jewish teenagers deserve to be kidnapped because of Israel's governmental policy.
things I look for in a man:
-has hair
-is not a misogynist
-would kill a nazi
I'm the most money obsessed socialist you'll ever meet
The intersection of religion and feminism is literally everything I love.
My dad once played a video game involving airplanes and kept dying because he couldn't tell the difference between the sky and the water
I feel really bad for people who don't care about the World Cup because the entire world must just be really irritating at the moment
Yo, if hanging out with your friends is not more fun than watching Netflix then I would really recommend some better friends
Remember that period of time where everyone was collectively obsessed with Chuck Norris? Because that was really weird.
I hope Ezra Levant is mad about the #voteontario election results. #onpoli
When I own a house I don't want any artwork in it, I just want large prints of my best tweets on the wall.
Things I still don't understand:
-people who vote Likud
-people who don't like foam in their lattes
-Guy Fieri
Like many of my political views, the football teams I'll be cheering for in the #WorldCup are based off of things that happened in the 1960s
Props to @LouieV95 for taking my new profile picture and not using the one where I was making terrible jokes about the Illuminati
masculinity is so hilariously fragile and that is truly amazing
Manischewitz is just so disgusting like I know being Jewish is hard but please learn to love yourselves
The problem with the #WorldCup is that I feel obligated to cheer for England by virtue of my passport and it's such a depressing experience
We have a radio show! We're so cool! I'm so pumped! (sidenote: my friends are actually giant nerds and I'm the only cool one)
My hand hurts so much but it is entirely my fault and I don't even have sympathy for myself at this point. Kate, you absolute idiot.
I'm kind of psyched that Cantor's gone. He was the only Jewish Republican so now I can say that every elected Jewish official is Democrat.
My friends will literally put up with my neurotic personality when I'm at the point where even I hate myself. I do not deserve them.
I punched a wall today and it didn't make me feel any better. It just hurt my hand. This is so disappointing.
America and Israel need to stop describing their relationship as "unique." Find a new word. Or better yet, just stop.
Someone sent me a really vile email titled "Loose the star of David" but I can't get over the fact that they spelled "lose" wrong.
The fact that my reaction to the shooting at Reynolds was a mixture of sorrow, exasperation, and "get it together" says A LOT about America
France needs to get over their weird colonialist background and also get it the fuck together
Yeah, I'm biased because like all other people ever my life has influenced my opinions. Critique my ideas, not how they were formed.
I wish we would stop attacking people for their biases and start attacking them for what they're saying.
@BariLeia follow ur dreams
It's 8:40 and I'm already on campus and have written a little over half of a paper due in a week someone give me a medal #vainmillenials
I like the way I browse through products in stores as if I'm going to purchase anything but the cheapest available option
what if people stopped writing melodramatic op-eds about something I wrote in January and did literally anything else with their lives
Structurally, I'm not really sure how Space Jam works in the film genre, but gosh am I glad that it does
People being forced to deal with threats and punitive action for voicing opinions creates a dangerous standard of self-censorship.
life hack: overthrow the bourgeoisie and seize all means of production for the workers
socially liberal but fiscally conservative more like fiscally trash and also socially trash
A woman's place is in the black bloc
As a reform Jew, I am not only traif as hell, but also singlehandedly preventing the third temple from being built.
My new hobby is reading awful things people say about me on the internet.
I'm at the age now where I run into my friends at the grocery store and I don't know how I feel about that.
My emotions when being attacked online swing wildly between "I'm going to go cry for two hours" and "Bring it. fucking. on. I'll fight you."
What I've learned from my history class:
-don't invade Russia in winter
-don't fight a land war in Asia
-don't number your wars
Having class directly after a midterm is so brutal because my brain is just completely dead.
Y'all know how much I love spending my Wednesday afternoons pouring over #abpoli legislature records. This is the life.
I need more Jewish friends so people will laugh at my extremely niche jokes.
"These things are never going to change" -people who benefit from the system and don't want it to change
yo, this holiday is gonna be byob (bring your own blintzes) #ChagSameach
the worst kind of liberal feminism is the one where you can’t criticize anything in case one person finds it ~empowering~
if you ever think I'm an adult, please consider that when I'm stressed I just put on orange lipstick and listen to Kanye West
much like high school, I spend way too much time talking about Israeli politics, my hair, Drake, socialism, and how much I hate monarchies
sometimes I think about the fact that my high school social studies teacher follows me on twitter
I accidentally chose a paper topic that is my T.A.'s area of specialization so I guess I really better know what I'm talking about
Islamophobia in Europe is a major, pressing, and pervasive human rights issue without comparing it to the European Jewish experience.
@AthenaGenevieve Oh yeah, I'm rocking the tichel and the superstitious jewelry. #RealHousewivesofTelAviv
Sometimes I get dressed and realize I look like an Israeli housewife but I can't be bothered to change so I just commit to it.
.@mariamshussain just compared me to Julia Louis-Dreyus and this is the greatest compliment I have ever received.
Wow. Wolfcop was really a riot from start to finish, not limited to but including the theme song.
@Willetton *points to a tiger* "what is this. is it a horse. is it a dog."
I say this all the time and yet not often enough: my friends are awesome and I am really blessed to be surrounded by such amazing people ♡
Drake is probably the peak of the “nice Jewish boy” trope as in he is likely the nicest Jewish boy to ever exist.
One of the issues with my family is that when people come to visit us they don't modify their behavior at all so they just look insane
If I were to rearrange the alphabet, I'd change pqrs to spqr because I'm a really big fan of the ancient roman republic
I like my twitter more than I like myself
my life motto: protect teenage girls at all costs
I just think we should name more sports teams after racial slurs designed to dehumanize people. #RedskinsPride
Because when we build America on ethnic cleansing, we should also turn the survivors into caricatures for our sports teams #RedskinsPride
warning: probably avoid talking to me for the next 3-5 days unless you want to coach me through my latest identity crisis
when anthropologists look back on this time they won't be annoyed by how many selfies we took but by how much time we spent talking about it
I know my little sister @_LaurenJacobson loves me because half of her twitter feed is just things I say in the kitchen
@sailorshayna *hears Matisyahu and appears out of nowhere* It's raining in your mind so push them clouds aside
petition to start referring to Europe as "northwest Asia"
My professor just gave a lecture on how to write a research paper and I'm so scared of plagiarizing I'm going to cry
I'm still really happy that when I made my morning cup of tea in the office I finally found a spoon. My life has such low expectations.
let's stop writing long think pieces on selfies and actually just take more selfies
when are we collectively going to get over liberal feminism because I'm really bored with it tbh
I'm always so pumped when public figures I really love + admire turn out to be Jewish #oneofthetribe
Pope Francis is extraordinarily skilled at crafting rhetoric that allows people to take exactly what they want from it
Hey Europe, the 1930's called and they want their fascism and ultra right wing parties back
People who talk shit about teachers, their salaries, their work ethic, etc. are usually the worst.
4.5 million people voted for Ukip. This is not the country that took my family when no one else would. This is not my Britain.
Ukip got 22 MEPs on a mixture of antisemitism, anti-immigration, fascism, and unadulterated hatred. What the fuck. #socialistred4ever
Yesterday two Jews were beaten in the streets of Paris; today fascists get 25% of the vote. I'm sick to my stomach.
let's light Nigel Farage on fire
These parties are all giant heaps of racist trash run by literal garbage human beings
So many far-right parties being elected. Hard to watch democracies choose people who hate you and think you're less than human.
I can't tell you what it's like to watch fascists be democratically elected in the country you were born in.
My lipstick looks great but my selfie game is so off and this entire situation is really dissapointing
@hweverka conversations. I hope we can transition toward aggressively supporting other women when they promote themselves/confront men (2/2)
@hweverka I think we need to start by owning up to the fact that talking isn't tangible progress. We need to stop rehashing the same (1/2)
Don't you dare complain about the #YesAllWomen hashtag. Public space and discourse belongs to women too.
@lezlieknope True. And because public spaces + discourse belong to women too.
#YesAllWomen isn't important because it's activism or progress; it's important because women need to talk + identify with each other
The #YesAllWomen hashtag is one of the most validating things I've read in a long time. Women are so important y'all. &lt;3
People died today because someone hated Jews and someone else hated women and I am very very tired and I just want to be safe in this world.
My thoughts and prayers are with the Jewish community in Belgium. Stay strong and stay safe.
apparently religious women just spend too much time looking at their hands? 
There was a thirty second moment where I thought I'd lost my wallet and my heart is still recovering
All I want from my friends is for them to indulge my journalistic pursuits and tell me I'm pretty
"They're the type of people who thinks that the market solves all of the world's problems" *heavy pained sigh*
the new pope is homophobic. wow. shocking. i think i need to sit down to process this completely unexpected and unprecedented news
If we allow egregious racism at specific points under the guise of "sporting culture," what does that really say about us?
So many things that are said on the field/in the stands are beyond the pale and would never be tolerated in our day to day lives
The more I read about sporting culture, the more I realize what a dangerous representation of our thoughts/beliefs it is.
@FlickoftheBin You know me so well and yet not at all
Is it worse to study a language that you hate or have class at 8 A.M. all year? Which will make me unhappier?
@water_melan I've heard really good things + your endorsement is pretty persuasive! :)
Also, there is no nicer feeling then friends that check to make sure that you get home ok. Genuinely heartwarming.
My day actually just turned around so much because I have such awesome friends and there was a rainbow today and my heart is very very full
Calgary has this really wierd sort of charm so I'm literally wandering around in the rain and having intense feelings about psychogeography
A sad song about today by me: "everything I have done today has been a damn mess" *twangs guitar*
Those anti-Muslim bus ads in D.C. are literally just baseless vitriol that perpetrate harmful stereotypes about Muslim-Jewish discourse
~republican as in 1790s~
It's not ~edgy~ or ~groundbreaking~ to name yourselves after mass murderers, it's just sinister.
Y'all can we please stop glorifying the Young Turks because they're literally named after the group that perpetrated the Armenian Genocide
I just cried over a Dixie Chicks song????
Rahul Gandhi is like the Justin Trudeau of Indian politics. I mean that in both a positive and a negative way.
My uncle came for a surprise visit and we spent the entire dinner talking about federal Indian politics and Chinese history. #noregrets
@reehewitt There is a trail of doritos crumbs at my computer. Fourteen OBEY hats have appeared in my closet.
@reehewitt it is too late. the way is shut. there is no way out. it was "only a joke man."
a white dude named Shawn is trying to argue with me over the internet about Macklemore. this is my hell.
Monarchies are inherently oppressive and represent institutionalized power and discrimination. But, you know, happy Victoria Day.
Israel needs to get it together in so many ways and this is definitely one of them 
there is absolutely no way in hell Macklemore has "hella good Jewish homies" lmao this situation
I'm not saying Drake should beat up Macklemore but how awesome would it be if Drake beat up Macklemore
macklemore died for your right to gay marry your jewish friends
I think Macklemore accidentally dressed himself as the 1940 Nazi propaganda film "the Eternal Jew"
I looked at that picture of Macklemore and I am become death, destroyer of worlds.
Bibi looks exactly like your racist uncle and he totally is. He is the racist uncle of our whole people.
*shotgunning a matcha latte behind the bar* yo what's up half of the staff called in sick so I'm basically dying over here
Someone came into work today with a shirt that said "bacon gives me a lardon" and I have literally never been so repulsed in my entire life
Whenever I think I hate my job I just look across the mall and say a quick prayer that I don't work at Toys R' Us
The man at Dairy Queen made my blizzard aggressively fast and it was kind of terrifying tbh
The office is literally just planning to buy a warehouse in Detroit and turn it into a brothel??? I want to pour Purell into my ears.
Happy Birthday, Madeline Albright! #womendoitbetter
what is Otafest and why is it on campus and what can I do to ensure that no one from it talks to me
Right of return for Palestinians is a sacred right granted to all peoples of the Levant, not just those for whom it is politically expedient
Killing of two Palestinians by Israeli troops is endemic of an unacceptable culture of violence. We should be so much more. #refusetooccupy
Anne Frank did indeed died of illness like most people who are interned in death camps during the Shoah. The context is pretty important
I'm still kind of flabbergasted with John Green and his "Anne Frank was unremarkable and died of illness like most people" like jfc
I mostly use email to send my friends memes and also articles on Iranian politics so yeah my friends are the absolute best
if you wanted to ask me out you would literally have to preface the question with "this is not a joke" otherwise I wouldn't believe you tbh
I'm just sitting in the office in disbelief that we actually created a newspaper. Basically I'm a seven year old with lots of feelings.
@mariamshussain That's actually super impressive for a class on sports economics, which is one of the most dude bro topics of all time
@mariamshussain CAN I GET A HELL YEAH? *whispers to self* hell yeah
"Circumcision is considered barbaric in Europe!!!1!!" Yeah. Probably for the same reason halal/kosher slaughter in considered barbaric.
I just read a published journal article called "Lost in New York: the Schlemiel and the Schlimazel in Seinfeld." What a time to be alive.
Labour is entitled to safety. Labour is entitled to security. Labour is entitled to everything it creates. #Soma
@_LaurenJacobson bite them
Mining all over the world has always been a study in the gross failures and cruelty of capitalism. Turkey is no different.
May the Lord help me to explain Model United Nations to other people without seeming like the world's biggest nerd
Being religious doesn't make you anti-science. I believe in the Big Bang Theory, I just think it's not funny and should be cancelled.
stop comparing geopolitical events to Hitler 2k14
I really did not realize how strange Eurovision was until I tried to explain it to someone
@Willetton It's a singing competition where Europeans get out all of their political aggression by awarding each other made up points
I still find it hilarious that Israel won Eurovision once because Israel is very definitely not in Europe like that's kind of the point???
@Willetton Here's the year Israel won 
@Willetton It's a clusterfuck of music and drunk commentators and confetti and trashy dancing and unicycles and I kind of love it??????
