Can illness become a mental thing? Not saying i want to be ill but am i ill because i am thinking about being healthy?
Cant wait for a day when we both can just lie there for hours not having anything to worry about until the afternoon <TWO HEARTS>
Not 100% to full health but feeling alot better than i have been for the past weeks 
Can i please go back to full health i hate being ill! <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
2 popped ears are not fun, cant balance well and everything is echoing so cant hear properly... it hurts <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
@DapperRob its hard too when you thought you had dealt with most of it and hear its still happening
Im so fucking done! Its my life move on! Just hate people and gossiping it does my head in <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Ear has popped now... i swear im just falling to pieces! <WEARY FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
5th nose bleed in 2 weeks... hmmm the stress is hitting me thinks <CRYING FACE><CONFUSED FACE>
Love waking up to cuddles... pure bliss and makes all the stress disappear <TWO HEARTS>
Yet another nose bleed <CONFUSED FACE>
Knowing that i am gonna have to move from this spot is upsetting... just wanna lie here and forget the world <TWO HEARTS>
"Lets do the timewarp again" <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
The tingling you get at the top of your nose when a sneeze is not happening #HateIt can my immune system litghten up a bit please <CRYING FACE><PERSEVERING FACE><WEARY FACE><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>
Perminant smile on my face <TWO HEARTS>
Harrison is my favourite
Dad just called me an Ewok <UNAMUSED FACE>
Waking up in the night is horrible, the people i wanna talk to are all asleep when im awake :(
@ohlookitszoe tis very funny heehee <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Yes there is a new princess and yes the prince waving is cute but really dont need to see all their lives
Seriously people... sometimes some have to just fuck off!
Spend 1 1/2 hrs on a piece of work and the bloody computer doesnt save it properly... seriously just a piss take!
Todays been going so slow...
Soo dont want to be in school today <NEUTRAL FACE>
Second nose bleed of the day...
Tiding my room is boring!
Just a nose bleed in the bath...
There are some strange kids programmes out there!
Today the little one has a fasination with my eyes, glasses and earrings...
I only have 3 weeks left at school <FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH><FEARFUL FACE>
I think you were in the wrong for not watching the car infront! If i am indicating to come off trying to cut infront doesnt work! People!
@JessLeighA thats not a good plan... the army is so they learn to protect
@JessLeighA what the fuck? What was said?
2nd round of avengers today :D
Cant do right for doing wrong... hi my name is kayleigh and i appear to be a fuck up
Hy am i such a fuck up?
The realisation of tomorrow from 8:50am i wont be in the house until maybe gone midnight let alone in my bed!
No work to do in frees... bored!
Wanting to show you how much i care, but not letting you see the respect i have for you that you dont have for me...
Why would you camp outside a hospital when shes not even there yet... Kate will have the baby at home at this rate!
Not feeling it this morning... how am i supposed to last until saturday/sunday morning with little sleep?
To awake to go to sleep...

"Dont you ever say i just walked away, i will always want you"
AVENGERS TODAY!!! Not fangirling at all <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>

You know what just an explanation would be nice! My head hurts trying to figure out what has changed and what you want!

You know the warmer weather is back when dinners become simular... new potatoes, salad and.... seriously -.-
Dont want to go to my flute lesson!
Love waking up to sunshine 
Literally how i feel! 
You know what dance with my little people makes me soo happy... this is why i want a career with them!
Why do i go and ruin it when someone wants me for me?...I try to sort it but end up losing people! Whats wrong with me?
What hurts most is the confusing! Please nust clear my head up! Seriously i cant deal with it <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Especially when im an overthinker too... all i ask is if your thinking about me... talk to me and no one cause i gave no impression of hurt
There is only so many ways i can say your actions hurt more than your words because i can understand your words... your actions i dont
I dont want to be the one that walks away because you cant see how much i miss smiling and talking to my friend
Asking "have i hurt you" must indicate that you have been thinking about your actions... my head is confised with what you want from me...
I moved on to better things, awkwardness is on you mate! :P
when stalking, you relise actually i got lucky getting out of there pretty quickly, looking at it you maturaity levels do not reach mine
Its the lonelyness that hurts the most... but i put a smile on and hide it from the world...
I just want my friend, my distraction, the side we lost when everythjng got intense and changed...
Biggest fear is another will be invited out when you are back instead of me...
I cant have screwed up that much to lose the friend you became to me... could i?
Is it easier to back to fantasing over my characters that i have left behind for awhile? Need to gain my imagination back
In all of this hurt... im missing the friend i had... just want to go back to that relationship and forget every extra word said...
You know what... heres my life... why dont you bloody have it!
Being the only awake at a friends... and trying to go back to sleep but your too awake :/
Last rant! You dont want to hurt me... well by doing this hurts me more!
If i dont hear anything by tonight  my guard is going up and good luck breaking it this time!
You put barriers up when someone gets attached... shouldnt it be "you put barriers up when you get attached"
But if you dont have the dencenty to do that then it is very easy for me to walk away cause fun isnt ment to make you feel like i do!
Im not just gonna be the girl on the other end of the phone when you want me! I would like to talk as friends as well!
You know what this is ment to be fun for both of us... and at the moment im just getting more pissed off
(2) someone else can now sort out my technical needs when it comes to the show cause your coming nowhere near me!
(1) Treating professionally my arse... well done twat you have now lost all respect from me even in a working enviroment...
I cant apologise enough for what id done but it would be nice for you to acknowledge the fact i know ive done wrong <PENSIVE FACE>
Why does the world feel i can be happy but let it come crashing down so bloody hard! What do i do wrong to deserve this?
"It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not" 
<ANGUISHED FACE><WEARY FACE><WORRIED FACE><PENSIVE FACE>
Mother nature hates me <ANGUISHED FACE><HUSHED FACE>
Hair is now permentley enhanced to my natural gingerness! And i love it!
I like waking up with a smile on my face <TWO HEARTS>
Half circle messy plait...just a practise :D 
Someone come and save me from my business work... i dont care about selection interviews never gonna use it!
Wearing shoes that are 4 years old and they still fit -.-
Paddington :D
Day 1 of holiday and already given up with looking presentable... hair up little makeup and dance kit :D
Such a child though saw cinderella today and brought a *glass slipper* keyring... 1 car key and my amazing decouration :D
Had a smile on my face all evening <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> <TWO HEARTS>
Babysitting  on your own is slightly boring...
...i dont like not knowing where i stand!!
I want someone who i can trust has fallen for me and not just what I can give...
Question of the day... why when battling in the 14th century did the 2 sides camp literally yards away from each other?
Scary thought just signed up to be able to vote :0
I wish people would stop confusing me and just spell it out... xx
Glad i found these why is it hard to find shoes for little feet... almost had to buy childrens ones :S 
Amazing what a cup of tea and 2 slices of toast does... actually feel like myself today full health no pains :D 
You know your wanted when you wake to: 2 texts, 2 snapchats, 1 fb message and 1 missed call feom the same person ahaa
You know your ill when you fall into the cupboard with dizziness :S
When your ill and not asleep... its very boring!
Stomach acid does not taste nice :(
Brothers bday and i spend it throwing up my guts and in bed :S
Love the fact i can go to my friends with a problem and they see everything i am saying and support me through it :) xx
Why do people have to think about situations and not just let it happen!
Ahhhh half an hour!!!!! #Insurgent
4 hrs #Insurgent !!!!!
I chose some brilliant girls for my a2 group Thank you so much @Jo14_Adams @ohlookitszoe @jd_bieber010394 love you xx
@ohlookitszoe #lifeofadancer
Why is it that when i put my leotard on i need the toliet soon after -.-
But i dont want to ask... cause i dont fancy being brought down from how happy i am...
Dont trust my judgement... i really don't want to be reading into things... but im confused on how we stand... friends or more?
Just gotta get through 4 hrs of school and then ill be able to get mockingjay on dvd... again excited over the smallest of things :S
H-"Gus i think we should wait till after dark"
G-"its all dark to issac"
#TFIOS funny but crying at the same time...
@iamwill i would buy your books... you make me laugh everytime your on the screen love it! #TheVoice #TheKnockOuts
When texts make you smile :)
Ahaa giving your teacher a friendship bracelet cause they where nice to you... #WaterlooRoad
Why did i hide my true character and personality before...
Hmm I guess I have gained some new found confidence :)
@ohlookitszoe heehee
@ohlookitszoe Can't tell if that's sarcasm or you like being a fairy? Xx
@ohlookitszoe Ahaa... Just means more needs to be put on Tuesday :P
@ohlookitszoe Like a fairy (like moi) orblike a vampire (again like moi) depends on the day ;)
@ohlookitszoe Ahaa the magic of hairspray ;)
Me however dancing with flu.... Yuck!!
A2 group you were fab @Jo14_Adams @ohlookitszoe @jd_bieber010394 :)
off school ill but being a professional and going in for a performance... practice for the future ahaa
@ohlookitszoe neither considering i have no energy at all! Are you channeling the light from the twisty shape yet :P ;)
Inner freak showing... Oh dear my room like the one in the left still... Not so bad as before but ummmm :S 
Feeling like a vampire at the moment... All my emotions are heightened because I am a girl and ill... Not a good combination!
Lucy's birthday - Cake made with friends :) good way to spend an evening #lovemygirls
I am an 18 year old who loves to read and couldn't stop myself... #WorldBookDay #ClaryFray #MortalInstruments 
Okay so I thought saying no to the Snapchat would get rid... But your very determined :S ahaa
Hate when people stalk and like my photos on Instagram but I can't see their page unless I follow... Creeps me out!
"Snapchat ya boobs" umm let's try NO... Well at least your forward and honest with what you want... Soo not a keeper!
Okay so today may have gone a little bit weird...
I have such talented friends! @OrigamiBandit modeling for her art 
Looking at my timetable today I technically don't have to be in school until p4 as my business lessons will be full of sitting doing nothing
Smile and let the world wonder why
okay so i may have reached the "you could had this" stage of this! #MissedOut
I get excited over the finest of things :D
Booking insurgent tickets today :D... 16/3 Mockingjay on DVD and then 19/3 Insurgent #GoodWeekRightThere
"You out the milk and cereal in the big fat sheep and then you eat it all up" ahaa
I remember 64 zoolane when I was little!! #ChildHoodReturns
A good friend would acknowledge me when we see each other either with a smile or a nodd if can't say "hello" not just blantley ignore!
New week new start... No more dwelling over you or what is happening... I am done being upset and pissed off time to go back to being me!
Great another sleepless night... Stupid over thinking! Turn off and forget is so hard it actually hurts!
Not gonna give me much confidence with future relationships is it? Cheers for that!
Because they didn't no the extend of my feelings towards you... I went in with no expirence, and I come out hurt and betrayed!
Surrounding myself with people but they can't stop the lonelyness I'm feeling!
Why do I feel like I had done something wrong for it to just end and for you to move on so quickly?
Hmm if I moved on this quickly I would be seen as a slut!
Im not gonna regret what made me happy but I'm not gonna waste anymore tears or time on you... I now have a new confidence!!
"ImGonnaHardenMyHeartSwollowMyTearsImGonnaTurnAndLeaveYouHere" lyrics I will always stick true too!
...I feel betrayed with the news I have gained tonight! Don't me a coward and take the fact you have upset me! And witness it!
I'm surrounding by the people I love and they care for me but I've never felt more alone now...
Although j do love the fact you assume we are going to go straight to friends!
Hmm so I reply to your text but none from you yet your online... I guess another is more important than trying to sort out us!!
Gone the wrong for being friends!!! Cause I'm never gonna be able to trust you again!!
I love the fact that when you say your piece you expect a reply.. But when I say mine you reply on your terms :'(
Just want this head ache to disappear!
Getting more and more confused as I try and think it over
School is not where I want to be... Infact all I wanna do is lie in bed and stop my head from hurting! Hard to keep a smile on...
Who new that 2 weeks of pure joy can result in me feeling like how I am now... Seriously confused on what has happened
#MoreFOUR
Really confused over kids tv...
Actually managed to get dressed, makeup and hair within half an hour this morning :O
Longest conversation I have had that has made me smile from ear to ear all the way through :)
20 mins to kill... Finished my business work...
And breathe... Got cold hands now but worth it... Actually like being me all the time now
N'aww cute :D
Strangest but nicest thing to happen to me in a while... Can't stop smiling
A* in my A2 dance mock :D
Me: do you wanna build a snowman?
Millie: no go away Kayleigh
Well okay then...
Peter Beale...<FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FLUSHED FACE><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><WINKING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
I have now conquered the tesco roundabout and the double roundabouts on my own :D... Lovely meal at nandos with ma lovely peeps xx
Then you and your bff sing it to each other through message... #Loved
When lyrics of your favorite song in the whole world just describe your life at the moment!!!
Kids programme about romeo and Juliet trying to Mame it a cheery play where the families are friends with no deaths....
Lesson learnt today... Kayleigh can't cut pizza in the words of grace "that's some funky looking slices"
Calm atmosphere to start off with... Hoping it will last the night
Back with the little monsters.... Been ages!!!
I don't understand why people feel the need to take millions of selfies that look the same... Bit vain!
Been social again...being myself all the time is actually quite fun :)
These quotes so describe me its unreal :S 
Well done kayleigh... Showing your weird side now you've scared him off :S
Now I'm too awake to go back to bed... Seriously no work done today!
Not at school until late today and got back late last night... Did I get a lay in? No got woken at 7:45 by patents :'(
Fav Shakespeare play... Love Labours won
1 month and I'll be 18!!!!!! Xx
Leave my coat and scarf in a class room, go back for them found my coat but no fat face scarf :'( hopefully didn't look hard enough...
When your sitting in business doing your work and the supply asks if you have a permission slip to be in the room for a year 13 lesson...:S
"Sleep I'll fight the bad dreams off"
"How?"
"With my bare hands obviously"
Slightly confused over the opening scene of the show but hey... 4 hours spent with the peoples I love today!!
Would be lovely to be able to learn and be lifted and to look elegant!! Time to work hard and buy some dance clothes :D
Got that dirty dancing fever!! "I've had the time of my life, and I oh it all to you" really want to be to have a male dance partner :S
1 piece of business to do sunday, then revision for mock on friday
3 hours of work done and Tresham application sent off
... Little bit of a fangirl moment :S
... Although I'd take that any day over sitting typing about stuff I don't care about for business...
...however they do seem slightly more fun with less work to do... Aside from the physical and mental pain at dauntless...
I'm sitting her listening to divergent soundtrack thinking initiation into factions are kinda like GCSEs and Alevels...
6 and a bit weeks then I'm 18 :0
Wake up and my hair is still crimped with no mark from the ponytail...
Last night :) 
Doggy likes bumblebee :D xx 
Big fat quiz of the year!!
When the reality call of my unsocial manner has hit... Its time to be true to my word and me myself!
Christmas dinner for us done... Now its the dogs turn!
Hot date with four :D
Yay love driving bumblebee xx
Chilling with bae! 
Faction before blood
Getting a safari Oleg with my car insurance :D
Looking like a 6 year old... Frozen leggins, hair in 2 plaits and no makeup
My version of scruffy... Heels, coordinated clothing, hair straight and pulled back, plus dark eyes... Maybe a little different to scruffy
Do you know how tempting this is! Sod everything and just go and try for something I love to do.. Dance!! 
Dad being rude and my brother going upstairs <CONFOUNDED FACE>
Meh!
"Last Christmas I gave you my heart"
"The only fixer upper fixer to fix a fixer upper is trueeeee looove!" <SNOWMAN WITHOUT SNOW><SNOWFLAKE>
"Oh look at that I've been impaled"
Singing along to frozen :D<SNOWFLAKE><SNOWMAN WITHOUT SNOW>
introducing grandma to frozen <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SNOWFLAKE>... will have her singing Let It Go by the time I leave <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
HULA DANCING BABY GROOT!!!
"You said it yourself b**** we are the guardians of the galaxy!"
"We are Groot"
"I am Groot"
guardians of the galaxy with my link girls :D... Best way to spend a Wednesday
Need to see mockingjay again!!
When I straighten my hair it turns curly, but when I curly my hair it falls straight... That's logic...
Can someone tell be why I wanted my forward helix done... Its pretty but a piss take at getting the ball back on!
A bit of peter pan :)
What am I gonna do over Xmas with not being able to take Xmas selfies? Gonna have to steal brothers phone and send to mine...
If you tilt my smashed phone eventually you will find a clear image for a selfie... Hate have a crack on the camera :'(
"A whole new world!"
"Not everyday you see a horse with 2 rear ends" ahaa
Aladdin then going to school for 20 mins... Stupid flute lesson!!
When your friend gives too much information :S... Ew!!
Max Whitlock is pretty!! Face and body! #Nom :D
Ready for the Christmas nativity... Women in the crowd number 4 :D
@elliescarlett09 to lucy- how unlucky for having to eat all those hard balls...!
Watching one show... Can tell whether they have a snow machine or it is snowing in London... Hurting my head!!
Watching a male pole dancer on royal variety... Dad-"I can do all that with one arm"... That has just made my night with amusement!
I just wanna go and drive my car! Stupid people! The adverts lie!
Car insurance is horrible thing to do... Why do they feel new drivers will have an accident??
When mind in gutter and talking out load in front of dad is a big no no... Especially when I mumble the wrong words :S xx
Most times I am slightly embarrassed by how innocent and naive I am... :S
Horrible cold and sore throat though... Xx
I passed :D... Happy girl xx 
My life... 
"Thinking out loud, maybe we found love right where we are"
Ed sheeren tunes...
A lot of spinning in dance+cold=room spinning! Not a nice experience...
Christmas jumper, Christmas socks, making christmas cake and mince meat :D
#TreesLightsCamera
Strangest things little people watch... Slightly confused!
"Maybe I'm not the one to sweep you off your feet" noo not when u messaged my friend the same thing ya weirdo!
Sneezed 8 times in a row :O
You know your ill when the dark glittery eyes and red lips is replaced by natural makeup...
@Andrew_parsnips And bunnies :D
@Andrew_parsnips don't like cats really so maybe puppy's :P
I'm fed up of being the girl that waits and panics about others... So I am going to change that and be my bubbly self and let me be happy!
Need to sneeze but my body won't let me!
@Jo14_Adams :P
@Jo14_Adams oh and some of your baurmers that traded with matt... :D :P
@Jo14_Adams nooo I had cider, blue wikked and like 3 foster things from matt :P....
@Jo14_Adams *light
@Jo14_Adams teehee and peoples thought id be a late weight... :P
On the plus side... I dont have a head ache and I dont feel sick...
Arriving tierd and drinking= emotinal kayleigh... on the plus side found out I like more drink...
Again strangest family @april_52013 ahaa :P xx 
Mum dropped my foward helix ball and it almost went in my ear :S
Costa christmas travel cup!!! 
Bumblebee having his battery tested... hopefully will be able to drive him soon!!
I have the strangest family! @mikebray01 thank your work peoples for posting first :D 
Or maybe im in my own world and occasionally chose to come back to a conversation...
Apparently I remind people of drax #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy dont no wheather to be insulted or not?.... anger issues and capable of killing?
Hating stairs at the minute!
Dodgy knee and my form room is on C floor... :'(
Dance went well... dodged up knee though... 3 to go!! Xx
But yet im dling great in business... 
So my teacher doesnt think ill maintain my grade... y am I apply for uni? 
My day has gotten worse!! Feel like screaming... hate it!
A little pissed off...
Bruises on one knee.... and the other hurts to put pressure on when kneeling (in mpst dances) in pain??
Dance shows means boring colour nails :(... not having a good day ish...
Got to forgot a section of script I learnt 2 weeks ago and learn another by saturday :'(
It wont be the hours of dance that will kill me this week... it will be the bordem of business
I have 8 bruises on my legs and feet... with 4 days of dance still to go :S
1000th tweet!!! Anti-climax right here!! Woooo!!
"Strange things did happen here
No stranger would it be
If we met at midnoght in the hanging tree"
I love walking in the dark... where there is streetlights!
You know you take part at school as when you hand something in even the receptionists recognise and know your name :D
Why dont I look like the *17* year olds from vampire diaries?? They need to make a fair resemblance...
Long hair is very fustrating!! but I want it long so gonna have to suffer...
Would be an awful situation to have to do an emergency stop... but was quite funny... I pressed so hard the back seats fell down :D
How can u wake up with hickups??
So today we helped clean and dropped her cup... some dramatic tears and "daddy can fix it" :S bless her
Someone help me escape!!
Blred of business... how can I get out of the lesson early?? Just wanna go home!
Katniss hair from mockingjay... done by me :D 
After yesterday one thing I have decided is, im never going to london with less than 3 people!
Such a good day in london... was an eventful ending but had loids of laughs and made louds more memories :D 
#Sorted2014 part 2 
#Sorted2014 @sortedevent great view :D 
#Sorted2014 shout out to Link #StBots :D @sortedevent
#sorted @sortedevent :D 
Freaky savage lift from wednesday... #dance 
Choreographing and teaching dance is sooo stressful!
Walking back from dance... I wish there was street lights lit every where... little bit creepy on your own
#HungerGames #CatchingFire #Mockingjay Peeta and Katniss side by side... :D 
I have just removed the last vampire from my bedroom... slightly heart broken but will always be pale and deadly at heart :D
#Mockingjay is such an amazing film... I cried, I laughed and I panicked (alot)... love it!!
In an hour I will be seeing this lovely boy on the big screen #Mockingjay :D!!!! 
Serious head ache from drama
MOCKINGJAY TODAY!!! soooo excited!!! Xx
Got a bruised chin and scratch marks... people gonna look and think im either clumsy or abused :S xx
Dogs just stood on my face :( got a red mark under my eye now :S
Majorally AWKWARD flute lesson!!
Top procrastinator... meant to do work but almost time to go dance... work done afterwards I think :S
Attacked by a 2 year old... and got the bruise on my chin (from an accidental head but) to prove it... ahaa :D
Drinking whilst kneeling on a trunki= falling head first :S
Cuppa tea and juice with millie moo
Look out the window... look whats on the drive :D! 
Hunger games done! Catching fire next!
HungerGames and CatchingFire today... 3 days until MOCKINGJAY!!!
Goodman- "winner winner chicken dinner finger licking good!"
Little mermaid.... "you gotta kiss the girl"
Looking at dates for school stuff... I leave school at the end of may :0... scary!!
Sometimes I wish centre is longer! I need more than 3 hours with my friends doing things I love!
The outfit for centre... not really the outfit to look round uni... was fun being taller though
"Dont stop moving to the funky funky beat, dont stop movong to the SClub beat" sung every word of all songs!
Jos new attraction... zayn from 1D :0
@Jo14_Adams yeah movie from 7:30... need something to look forward too xx
My week... good start, shit end... dance parents :S enough said...
So u are proud and bragging about *having a go* at a 17 year old girl who volunteers to teach your child how to dance... clever!
"Bang bang there goes your heart!"
Meant to be stretching but dancing around the living room hurts less!
I would like to chanel Santana from glee #bitch but unfortunatley I think im more like Brittany #blond :S :P ;)
What to chanel for cheerleader? Glee? High school musical? Xx
Counter balances in #dance... 
#InsurgentTeaser 
#InsurgentTeaser
Business... got no connection for computers... cant do work... what a shame
The weather is displaying my feelings today
Soo not feeling a full day... not just school but afterwards as well
Hair up, makeup off, pjs on fed up of looking decent... and its only 7:30pm... what is this being at home for an evening??
Its a little bit wet outside as well... opps sorry inky :S
Opps... locked the dog outside after cleaning the rabbit :S... bad kayleigh
Soo wickies shuts at 4:30 in the winter... :S
So wish I went to the mockingjay part 1  premier gonna have to see if when part 2 is!!
9 days until Mockingjay... so close yet soooo far!!
The new hit single... "blooooob blob bloooob *high pitch*" by Millie
More like help eating it
Grace and millie help me grate cheese for dinner...
Bored of business! Want to choreograph dance!
Getting a piece of hair caught around 4 earrings! OUCH!
Still sleepy...
When life gives u lemons... you make lemonade... morial for me dont panic stay calm and dont over think :)
Okay I regret doing that now... can we hust forget it happened?? :S
Ellie- "I can drink anything" *wink wink* :D xx
1st costa cup! Brownie hot chocolate! 
Bit of Ed Sheen X whilst I make myself look decent for the public eye...difficult task at hand
Long hair makes crimpung boring butve already done one side so cant stop :S
To curl or to crimp my hair??
The moment when I feel social and my friends dont reply... gonna have to do work then :'(
I have such lovely friends... my phone is now attached to me at all times
I GOT A CAR :D ITS CALLED BUBBLEBEE :D xx
...why is it so hard to say?? It brings me down everytime I don't try
I suck at this...
Snuggled up ready for link fireworks
Jessie j tunes!! "Bang bang into the room"
TFIOS gonna be a mess by the time mums home :S :'( :D xx
To do work or to procastinate all day... that is the question...
New bracelet :D #FaultInOurStars #LittleInfinity 
In cinemas Summer 2015.

My dog is such a loud eater it makes me laugh...
15 days until Mockingjay!!
Blue icing and a 2 year old... oh dear!
Hate watching one chil take anothers friend... I mean she brought her not you so stop!
Watching millie and grace at Girls Brigade party... cute!!
Happy happy girl!!! Xx 
*dance positions...
Tomoz is day 1 of eating normal and stretching so I can get myself into beautiful/strange positions :D
Walking at night by yourself is not fun!
Almost got to the end of holiday before my knee gave in :D
Home!!!!
Wearing joggies in an indian resturant... feeling under dressed!!
Engraved names into slate... history in the making 
Why oh why do I have to wait another 22 days until mockingjay is released :'( I cant handel the wait!!
Loving the country side... but missing home... especially you :S need to actually say my feelings when home...
Sheep were like "we ain't scared of no dog!"  Slowly walking behind us
Got stalked by sheep this morning... dog had a panic have to admit so did I... they ganged up on us :S
Day 1 walking... dog has a traumatic time getting over high fences and through small gaps in the wall :D
One thing I dont like about my room at night... how dark it is... cant see anything when u wake which is creepy!
Day 1 of holiday and my brother is a pain in the arse... annoys me at every opportunity and doesnt understand personal space
And goodbye signal! :( limited contact :'(
Waiting for mum and dad to bring back chips, kids run past apparently preparing for a fight, I laughed accent didnt go with language used..
Loving the yorkshire accent though :D
Limited signal... dead zone where we stay... signal when out and about
Of on holiday to yorkshire :D
Im not ay school or doing anything important today... so y did my dad decide to wake me at 8 :'(
Its been awhile since I have had an amazing night and I loved every second that happened tonight
Do u wanna build a snowman?
That last tweet showing my true fangirl right there :) :S
Why?? Why do this to him #SuzanneCollins #PresidentSnow just why?? #PeetaMellark #Hijacked #Mockingjay :'( 
Its so strange having not been out in the evening... literally dont no what to do with myself :S
#UnlockMockingjay
#CatchingFire and being creative :D
Said goodbye to my cudderly teddy bear today... so hard to do but you will forever be in my heart... rest in peace xx 
Obviously the king and queen didnt love elsa enough for her to be able to control her powers... sad times :(
Anna- I need to get to christof
Olaf- why?
Anna- *gives the look*
Olaf-*gasp* act of true love!

Soo need an olaf!
"Oh look at that ive been impaled *giggles*"
Love Olaf #Frozen
Anna- picks his nose?
Christof- and eats it..
Anna- excuse me he is a prince 
Haha #Frozen
"Woohoo big summer blowout"
I think I look a little like a vampire here... pale and dark... 
"LET IT GOOOO, LET IT GOOOO" #Frozen #Elsa #BestSongEver
Frozen with grace! Child has good taste!!
Noo more roots :D... although gone slightly darker this time round...
I ache so much... hopefully now I know what to expect when learning A2 solo it wont hurt so much next time :'(
7 bruises from the learning the A2 solo today :S
Learning "wade in the water" A2 solo... bruises gallor!
Well these dance *posed* photos have just made me determind to get all my flexibility back and a perfect body shape!!!
Why do people feel the need to make others look fab whilst I do all the work with no mention... I guess my rants not over!
#5 rant over....
#4 whereas using my skill kf strenth to support someone over and over again is not (useful but not) its also disheartening on my body shape
3# this core is proved in my A2 dance which is giving me experience in other skills I can gain for uni...
#2 plus my core strength I have enables me to be able to hold myself properly in lifts so the other person doesnt have to do much work...
I know I have strength so can lift people but I am small and cant get the height needed can I please hace a go being seen as a elegant!!
Tierd.... plus side havent got much rehash to do on business
@Jo14_Adams more news... went and told rhian so people went to get bags and someones muffin also gone... :0
@Jo14_Adams @_meg_han really pissed us off... I mean we r year 13!!
@Jo14_Adams @_meg_han I know!!!they have taken rhians donuts too -.- who does that???
@Jo14_Adams @_meg_han cause they are little sneaky buggers!!
Leave the changing room for 30 mins and someone went into mine and @_meg_han  bag and stole our chocolate!
Grace comes home with crispy cakes... hmm wiping faces next...
greatful to my friends for the support in this sad time... we will always love my big cudderly teddy bear...
Yum... mens gymnastic world championship :D
unless i puck up the courage and tell you!
The point in the year where a bf is needed so you can have cute cuddles to keep each other warm... guess thats my hoodie for now :(
I think and im only guessing here... I have finished business... need dad to look but yay it means no business this weekend!
Catching up on last weeks doctor who... yuck yuck yuck spiders!!!! Not sleeping at night :'(
Been dreaming again... and once again I want it as my reality... y is it so hard for me say "I like you?" Too you!!  D:
The wind whistling through the trees, leaves on the floor, so pretty, the closest the world will get to magic xx
Extra day for business... got work back :'(
The world of fallen angels 
Always take a buddy to the woods you never knkw whag might happen... 
Tabitha is sweating like a hooker in a nunnery! Never heard that before
okay i'm not finished business but 3 hours and i have lost concentration sooo off to read...
But i can hear my business teachers disapproval speach in my head if I said i was doing that rather than the work which is in for tomoz
Just want to choreograph more dance for westside story "America" its more fun!
My head hurts... business hurts... hate websites!!!
"You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll
So if that's what you're into then go ahead and move along"
My life has now become business based again! why can't the teachers see i have other subjects? (which i enjoy more!)
Trying ro stay ahead of business but the teacher keeps giving work back and I struggle to understand the reasons why
My apple got no crunch!
The things u notice at archery... drjnking out of a flask cup makes your eyes look weird...
There is a reason why im indecisive when talking too you about my feelings
People at archery are bird watching...
Archery... only shot 3 ends and I already need the toilet :S
Watching West side story... obviously doing my dance work too :D
Moment at nearly 18 u r buying tickets for 15 film and they ask for id -.-
Fucking hate cancer!!!
I still have time to go to neverland... im not yet an adult
My feelings are the same as wendy's when Hook tells her peter cant love... :S
Mrs darling- "wendy, wendy, wendy"
Peter- "we cant both have her lady"
So sweet, true love without knowing
Dancing is very pretty when you can fly
Wendy- "Michael, John, my brothers!"
Peter- "who?" 
Well we know what he was interested in when in the nursery... heehee
Lost boys are so cute... "time to meet father, mother" wendy &lt;3 peter
Love the story of peter pan its so magical its the reason id love to go to neverland and never grow up
Impressed myself, managed to refrain from having a dancers ponytail and did a quiff by myself :D
"When I saw you, everyone knew, I liked the effect you had on my eyes"
After an evening like that... I just want to be able to snuggle up with you :( wish I can get my confidents up!
... worst thing about it I know it will reappear when im home alone tomoz... any fancy coming over to comfort me??
When I screamed the spider diverted under the telly...
I may have screamed high pitched and jumped a mile out the room... wouldnt you if a spider the size of your hand ran at your feet?!?!?!
Hate the fact I spent time on my hair this morning... then walking to school makes it go flat :(
The more you glare at me the more im gonna plot and smile when I see you
Give dog her breakfast ask for her paw and she sneezes in my hand... lovely
Its one of those whiney days today... every little thing... good thing the bigger little person isnt here at the moment
"Nom nom to the cookie" heehee love babysitting
Solution to crying.. give her a cookie
Oh no one of my little peoples has been woken up and is a ickle bit grumpy... crying without tears going on
Off to babysit my 2 favourite little people :D... chicken nugguts and beans for dinner and a cookie surprise from me :)
My firends telling me its so easy but they dont understand me :S... I need to listen to them and just get on with it and tell you
New jumper... love autumn!! 
That moment when it takes you 5 mins to put your boots on :S
I give the dog her treat and she wont eat it unless in the living room on her bed...
Bored bored bored!!
When u have a nice dream and wish it was true :'(
Someday I am just gonna stop worring and walk up too you saying how I feel... crossing all my fingers and hoping for the best
Ba dance hons 24hrs... seriously I only do 15 at school now
Phone dying cant tweet anymore about #StrictlyComeDancing :'( but sure ill love the dances coming up
Tom looking good in a suit.. joggys and jeans... very smooth waltz #StrictlyComeDancing
Tristain is such a springy and happy dancer :D #StrictlyComeDancing
Ola and Steve... Born to be Wild... :D nice muscles! And loving Olas dress hair makeup :D #StrictlyComeDancing
Whoop whoop my lovely lovely Aljaz is back :P :* xxx
I dont think Len likes street dance tricks in the cha cha cha and woo Craig is back :S :D #StrictlyComeDancing
I wanna be Ola... or atleast be able to dance and have a body like her to pull off that stunning dress and hair!! #StrictlyComeDancing
Len having a little boogie of his own #StrictlyComeDancing
Strictly!!!
So smells new year 9 friend at centre saw me and thought I was younger than him :S apparently I look like a year 8 :S :'(
"All of me loves all of you.."
Feeling small at northampton uni...
Off to northampton uni open day...
Okay so what u just said could be classed as bulling... I dont know what I have done wrong to make you talk about me like that
Having dreams like that just makes everything harder to process its not real and ill have to boost my confidence to gain it #LonelyLife
Laptop installing updates for the past 10 mins... obviously it doesnt want business to be done today....
Driving instructor gets a temporary petrol car whilst his in garage and im the first person that hadnt stalled all lesson :D
Im happy to help but wish people would remember I have feelings too... #ImNotADoorMat #PleaseDontWalkOverMe :'(
Im happy that my friends are loved up... but when is it my turn?? #LonelyLife #NeedCuddles :(
Windy weather and a skirt= bad news!!
Southfields lock the girls toliets??
Its still dark/ish and I have to get up :(
"No one else heard the way of your words or felt the effect they have on my mind... "
"Words in my head, knifes in my heart, you build me up and I fall apart, but im only human"
"im only human and I crash and I break down"
"Just because it burns doesnt mean your gonna die, gotta get up and try ttry try"
"Where there is desire there is going to be a flame"
Emergency birthday cake 3hrs later... #BakeOff #MaybeNot :D 
im not short im just a ridiculously adorable hobbit :D
Hmm emergency birthday cake #grandma #birthday #today #unorganised #crap
Off to do more A2 media filming #NotDoingCourse #Acting #A* :P
Doctor-"r u taller?"
Cara-"heels"
Doctor-"do you have to reach a tall shelf?" 
#MyLife
When the keyboard starts playing by itself :S
Benefits of brother having a fractured foot... lift to school :D
So brother hops in saying he may have a hair line fracture... okay this is after 3 football matches
Poor @JensonButton he was having such a good race :(
Oh no @nico_rosberg :(
My car will be called bubble bee with the autobots symbol on the steering wheel and at the front plus 'powered by pixie dust' sticker behind
@JessLeighA your not fat!!!!
Hmm feelings
Cutest thing 2 lab puppies one black one brown walking with mum hehe adorable
Air ambulance landed on the ise lodge... anyone no why??
Homework done and still in pjs :)
Homework.. west side story... I dont think Tony ever told Maria his name and yet she new it ??
Hate having a cold during the night... kept waking up with a different problem main thing of not being able to breath!! :'(
Lying in bed with an ache in my throat and an itchy nose... I have a feeling smelly boys cold has a new target :'(
Smelly boys voice is braking.. heehee hes all squeaky!!
Time to get all my gymnast skills back!!
Bible study was looking at john 1... lucy "page 1033 Luke"... hmm wrong apostle
Alot of hard work... I want to gain a body that standing on stage in leotard and fishnets will look alright in!!
3 doses of medicine and the rabbit (although grumby) looks almost back to his usual self :D
My poorly bunny is coming home from the vets!! Keep fighting my old man!!
At the vets with the bunny...
Cant wait until im back at centre :D
Why are there yr7s in skirts just covering their modesty and knee high socks for school??
Fallen in love with a fallen angel...
Thumb supports look funny :D
Link 80s and zumba(ish) :D
Kicked in the thumb at dance... thats new
#LonelyLife I have managed to read 435 pages out of 821 in 3 days :S opps... #UNSOCIAL I think I need help!!
Dont like being the smallest in the house!!
Sitting waiting for dance to start at 3:15 with nothing to do!!
Brought a book with 2 parts (book 1&amp;2 of series) 2 days ago... already on book 2 :D
The 2 new male strictly professionals have accents :D heehee these 3 weeks need to hurry :D #StrictlyComeDancing
who needs a boyfriend when I can have a whole double bed to myself and my imagination in a book :D #LonelyLife
@JessLeighA cool x
@JessLeighA that will look well cool... I want mine on my foot or ankle x
@JessLeighA where did u have yours??
@JessLeighA :S... 5 months until I decide whether I want one...
@JessLeighA did it hurt??
@JessLeighA :S
@JessLeighA its a ghost!! The end of the clip was a pale hand grabbing someones ankle :S :'(
"Whats always at the corner of your eye? What slithers under your bed at night" #DoctorWho not looking foward to next week, #WorstFear
Choreography notebook sorted... school dance at front, other dances at back :D... this is going to be my new carry around everywhere item :S
Booked my practical driving test..4//12 :D
Heehee dancing guard!!
I chose my A-level subjects because they get me where I want to be... im sorry they are not academic enough for some!
Putting a 4 year old to bed and trying to get a 2 old back to sleep is harder than I thought :S
Legs being used as a slide...
Heehee got the 4 year old into bake off!! So cute listening to her commentary...
Watching 4 year old making a "rather big chicken" fly so cute
Babysitting... 2 year olds most confident words "I know" heehee
3 people in my dance class this year... gonna get pushed alot
No no no I have not missed 6:30am at all!!
I mean who made it legal to wake up before 8am atleast!?!
Its gonna be hard waking up in the morning
Heehee just seen a dog named Dude :D
Passed my theory!!
Mum just asked if I want to see Captain America on a car bonet?!?
@LaurynBarratt heehee yay!!!
@LaurynBarratt okay me week days you weekends :P ;) xx
@LaurynBarratt older?? Confused and still nope...
@LaurynBarratt yep... saw his first :P ;) xx
I cant explain it... hes just pretty...to be fair I think hes a little miss understood #CaptainAmerica #WinterSoldier 
"We used to be best buddies, and now we're not, I wish yoh would tell me why..." 
@LaurynBarratt he is mine :P xx
#CaptainAmerica #WinterSoldier I have a thing for bad guys
Hate hate hate chopping onions... my eyes hurt!!
Hazard and practical test practise... again...
Im gonna have to be social this year at school... 2 lessons, 2 friends leaving me :'(
Trying to send work to teacher and the school email is going at snail pace!!
Helping with archery at the tresham freshers week :)
I stop stroking the dog and she looks up everytime expecting more
Leaving harvester and dad has a battle with the chair with the result of swearing heehee
Why do electricians have to come so bloody eatly in the morning?? I dont appreciate being woken at 8 just for him to play with the lights!!!
Plan today- tidy room, finish business, archery... 
What happened- room tidy, watched telly, bath running, re reading #TMICityOfHeavenlyFire
@Andrew_parsnips I have watched a tv series of dracula and love it so :P... I do like proper vampires as well as sparkle ones
@Andrew_parsnips I watch vampire diaries where they burn, drink human blood, rip parts of the body off, and tear hearts out... :P...
Dads argument about my opinion of WorldZ is I watch vampires rip heads and hearts out... but zomies eat people!! Thats not right!!
I ask my brother what film is on and he just lies on me... relise its WorldZ try and move and he wouldnt let me... such a discusting film!:S
I have become a head rest!! 
Just poured the ice bucket challenge over daddy :D!!! Heehee
XMEN #marvel #lover :D
Yay electricity is back xx
:'( no electricity :'(
Hiding in my room as electrician is here and im not even out of bed
given up with business for today im 2/3 a way through and have friday... im free!!

Woo... 1 website analysied... 2 more to go :'(
Business=bored
Okay so saying belly piercing was the last... I lied debating getting my forward helix done... gonna have to decide soon #piercings #pain
Lauryn- "its that building that looks like a whisk"
Everyone- "that would be the fire station lolly"
Heehee 
The strangest part is why would u search #FluffySocks?? Hmm someone has a sock fetchish me thinks
Post a pic of my socks on instagram... randomers comment "cool socks"... okay bit weird
Good procrastinator I have just made a cherry cake had a bath and listened to music instead of doing business!!
I have no motivation to do the second half of my business... would help if the teacher replied to the 1st email with the 1st half!!
Trying something different with gammon... strange thing seeig onions and garlek floating in cherry coke...
Watching Thor The Dark World which mum hasnt seen... and dad opens his mouth revealing a key part of plot heehee #SpoilerAlert #Opps
Rosberg having a little party with his streamers heehee #F1
Just been nominated for the ice bucket challenge... hmm who do I be evil too tomoz??
3 wheeled 2nd lap for lewis #F1
20 mins till #F1 :)
Not really warmed up to the new doctor... seeing matt smith makes me want him back
Good bye matt smith... #DoctorWho
Loving the new arm chair heehee #DoctorWho
"Oh I hate being wrong in public... everyone forget that happened" #DoctorWho
Confused... missed the start of the plot!! #DoctorWho stupid virgin box!!
Meh... virgin box!!
Nooo virgin box as screwed up bbc and we are now missing #DoctorWho :'(
Hmm the disappearing water bucket...#DoctorWho
I do like that peter capaldi has kept his accent #DoctorWho
"Door boring... not me" goes to window... the doctor is dauntles!! #DoctorWho
Why tweezers... why the eye... just why?? yuck!!
Yay yay yay DOCTOR WHO!!
Tumble then doctor who!!! Good evening :D
Theory test tomoz :S
Bake off... bread tear and share ot a keep and weap?? I think my bread will be a keep and weap situation...
Fabulous day wanderig in the woods in a skimpy comtemporary dress filming :D
2 lots of business work done and sent... 2nd lot to do and finishing personal statement
looking back at my dance result... i just want to know what i did wrong in the written exam!!
On the other hand I can dance and write essays... need to not panic in exams thats all im saying...
Well thats me not being an actor!!
"Don't stop believing" #RockOfAges
"WE BUILT THIS CITY ON ROCK AND ROLL" #RockOfAges
The athletic skills of a pole dancer... hmm if all else fails tomoz... ill have time to go learn...
"What has started out as friendship has grown stronger, I just wish I had the strength to let it show" #RockOfAges
"Im gonna harden my heart, im gonna swollow my tears, im gonna turn and leave you hear!" #RockOfAges
"Im wanted dead or alive" #RockOfAges
"Saying I love you, is not the words I want to hear from you" My inspiration! #Sheerie #RockOfAges
"Theres nowhere on earth id rather be, than holding you tenderly" :) #RockOfAges
I love rock and roll... #RockOfAges
12 hrs until im collecting my results.... distraction complete #RockOfAges
Avoiding all school work today... distractions needed!!
Okay... dance exam results in... maybe I could be a balletrina after all :P xx
Okay... so the weather has a bit of a conflict... rain, stop, rain, stop, raiiii, stop ???
So today I planned to do my personal statement... everhthing else seemed so much more interesting, even walked the dog in the rain :S :O
The disapproving looks I get from my family when I spout random facts that they dont no about Twilight :S
Channel surfing and I find Twilight :D
#GuardiansOfTheGalaxy better than I thought it would be
"Sorry when did we establish this?"
"About 3 seconds ago"
"Well I wasnt listening I was thinking about something else"
Can so relate to this
I has a snuggle jumper however I dont have a person to snuggle with :(
Great day in town... but feeling tired
I am legally aloud on the road but not aloud to drive a wickies go-kart cause of my height :S xx
My brother- "the wind causes my blind to breathe in and out"
Why do I feel like the only girl that is constantly getting friendzoned?? :'(
Watching the hobbit :)... now would be the best time to curl up and have a cuddle :'(
Laid in bed until 10 :)... havent been able to do that in ages!!
Brilliant day but wanting it to end with a cuddle so badly...
Nom nom nom James McAvoy... those piecing blue eyes!!!
Okay so dirty talk... and teacher is sitting in the room!! :S
To much infomation alert!!! Feeling rather lonely xx
Dance lesson spent watching the end of westside story... sad film!! :'(
Ballet exam next :'(
Dance exam today freestyle and tap im comfident... but ballet... im a contemporary dancer not a balletrina
Alot of patients needed but I finally capture the beauty of lighting :D... love storms 
@Jo14_Adams looked so stunning ready for prom!! Love her loads!!
Feel sorry for the southfields year 11s prom day with the weather but... YAY THUNDER!!
The dog needs to learn not to bark at the door... she wont make new friends!!
And the point of staying for that business lesson was..
Fustrated with myself!!
Need to learn how to be confident and not hide my true self away... but talking about feelings is hard and awkward!!
im so friendly that people dont wanna break friendzone :S opps...
Chavtastic!! Riding bikes in hoddie and joggy bottoms and snap backs, whilst playing music out load...
Looking a little bit pink today :'( why do I have to be pale??
F.R.I.E.N.D.S.
Fight for you
Respect you
Include you
Encourage you
Need you
Deserve you
Stand by you.
<BLUE HEART>"
Burnt scalp...brushing and washing hurts!! :'(
Left school now to wickies to have a bbq with link people
I am out the houise at 7:30 -.- ... brother is on the coach and ready to go for 4 days!! Only child!!
All I really want right now is a cuddle :(
Trying to work out how I can do this without making things awkward... but awkward appears to be my middle name :S
Im small and carring a back pack... looking like a small child or a turtle either one
The sun shines for the last 3 arrows at archery... 2 minutes and I get sun burnt!! -.-
Okay I have cried once so thats that bit done
Some people need to learn that the world doesnt revolve around them
Dance dance dance!!
watching catching fire :D... peeta=nom

No makeup hair up... time to read and do business work :D
Blisters hurt :'(
#TheMockingJayLives  :D!!!!!
Why do some boys deem it appropriate to be so rude to girls walking mereley in their own world??
@Jo14_Adams cute!!
Slowly introducing transformers... imagen dragond "battle cry" into dance :D
Time to start teaching dance :D... on my own :S...
Losing the will to live with business!!!
So business seems to be the only lesson im getting work for... just ashame I dont understand half of it!!
Okay so I woke up happy... now im pissed off and feel like screaming
17 days and its summer.... hurry up xx
Happy bunny.... :D
Okay so dresses/skirts/shorts are being worn with tights for a few days... got a large bruise and graze from falling over on ma leg :S
Mclarens in 2nd and 3rd and red flag... another good get away needed boys :D #F1 #McLaren
The one day I decide to go makeup free for the morning... someone is taking photoes of archery :S :P
Watched a brilliant dance performance tonight by dance factory... well done @LaurynBarratt my minion and space ship (blinged tutu) :D :P
Transformers was brilliant... I sooo need a yellow car so I can call it bumble bee best transformer!!
So proud of my gorgeous girl Frances... she achieved the triple threat award at music school this year and she deserved to get it!!
Off to see trans4mers with the famalam :D
2 hrs at school today :D happy days
Who told my 14 year old brother he was aloud to grow!! He has now managed to lift me straight off the floor and throw me on the sofa -.-
Todays song "all of me loves all of you"
Okay so plasters on feet was a waste of time... keeping my shoes off as much as possible then!!
Okay so I may have umm shut my ponytail in the car door :S

Feeling like a radio station... I have so many songs running through my head
So todays song in my head seems to be "I love rock and roll" where the hell did that come from??
I have decided to change my expectations of some people so I am not disappointed... gonna be a positive about things... always smiling :)
Becoming a bad critic on people driving since I have been learning... so if there is someone waiting at a zebra crossing you stop!! -.-
The song running through my head today "we built this city on rock and rolllll!!"
Okay so how can I talk to people about my feelings but not the one person that should really no??
"He could be that boy... but im not that girl!
Atleast I will have the love of my dog :) 
Meh...
The moment when u start a conversation and you really have no clue of what it is actually about :S
Leaving school early always make me smile :D
Great weekend away... was a brilliant distraction as well... now what am I gonna do to stop myself thinking and missing :(??
Watching breaking dawn... really should be doing work but no energy :S
Awww... I with I had confidence and believed in myself it would make my life so much easier
Packing for weekend away, posh frock and compound bow... hoping my mood changes by tomoz or people cant piss me off :S

Cant wait for tonight :D
"I build a hoard of evil snowman, their gonna take over the world"
I thought a red light ment stop not carry on going scoring points at whatever you hit!!
Doing nothing in theatre studies!! Im bored!!
Enough said :P... (1st part true but hmm 2nd is your own opinion) 
Seems he'd be better in the #VampireDiaries than the #WorldCup.
Suarez I hope you enjoyed your itallian :P :D odd little man I thought it was FOOTball
Walking to dance and quite funny to hear the england game playing out of every other window along the way
Half way home and my knee has given in... painful!!
@Rhoobs haha
@Rhoobs it was one of the best ones for dance but still want bedford and northampton xx
Okay so UCAS representative cones up to me dancing around "aww like the plait u got there" goes to touch my hakr :S
Looking at all the possible universities that have dance... 3 and one is in london :S... its so scary looking around!!
On a coach with air conditioning with the same power as a mini helicopter
CHERRY PIE AND ICECREAM!!!! #nom
Escape reality through your own imagenation... "books are proof people can do magic!"
Dads home footballs on so I have vacated upstairs -.-
Belts are uncomfortable but trousers fall down...  there is no end to this torture!! Xx
#2 but it was good enough for the director and the rest of the audience so take your opinion but most dont agree with you... sorry!!
Hmm so apparently you know everything and the director plus and other audience members no nothing im sorry I wasnt good enough for you!!
Talk about the thug life chose me... I see some strange people walking around on the ise lodge when coming hone from school
Find out im studing Westside story in dance and now I have "America" going through my head
Tabby asks what weapon I want and I say a whip so katherine burst out laughing I was being truely innocent but no someone made it dirty-.-
If your after shave leaves a trail behind you then you have got too much on!!
Both the crop jeans today and the shorts I wore yesterday are massively to big on me... and they where brought this year :D work out works!
Being up at this time makes me sad... I dont wanna go back to school :'(
Soo truth or dare should be called white lie or dare... certain question wont be answered with the truth... everyone knows that ;)
@itsthedavy @Jo14_Adams haha! 
Can someone please remind me why I support Mclaren...
Now a flame throwing out of the brakes of hamiltones car...
"Okay Lewis its hammer time" *starts a little dance...* lol xx
Oh dear vettle was lapped so he has to retire :D!!
Watching f1 a car is doing a 3 tyre race... heehee
Feelings=confused!!
Wake up and I dont no what to do :( got no where to be and have nothing planned :(
The one thing I keep replaying in my head from the show is *Nathan* deciding to be a hot box doing bussel and a peck... LOL :D
I have decided im always gonna have a little bit of Adelaide in my life... head held high confidents and be yourself (minus the whining) :P
Going theough time line favouriting tweets about tonight and now looking like a stalker :S
Note to self if yoir hair gets caught on your partners mic dont say ouch when u have one too :S other than that amazing night!! :D
Now at that age where after a show I feel we can have a party... is 24hrs to late to plan?? Xx
@itsthedavy well I didnt relise this happened!! :P
Poop
Ive had more strange looks at my fishnets in public than sitting with rollers in my hair yesterday :S??
Having to wear fishnets to see the fault in our stars :S... the things I do for the show
@PotterHeadMeg yeah just feelings at that point
I wish I was out going and had the confidents to tell you how I feel :'(
Well you a complete and utter nob!! :'( :(
Feel like screaming!!
9 days!! However I need a muscular (almost) belly before the piecing happenes... full work out and healthy diet xx
Bit of les mis after a healthy lunch... I understand Eponie's feelings so much!!
Brother: if u took away the books she would be social
Bestfriend: nahh she would die in a hole
:S okay then :P ;) @Jo14_Adams
@mikebray01 again very helpful :P
@mikebray01 yes but im not telling u anymore infomation than that :P
@mikebray01 well thats helpful :P
Would it make it more awkward?? Im I panicing for no reason??
Oh I dont know what to doing about this... :'(
Walked the dog, walked to school then jog, 2hrs of dance and then running around at Link later on I think this fitness thing is coming along
Oh my days Irish accent :D!!
Good or bad plan to get my belly done in 12 days time?? Hmm...
All this talk about feelings I should probably act apon them :S
Catching up on F1
Re watching Glee season 3 :'( I miss finn!!
I think I may have finished AS levels... just got to wait for results :O :S xx
Its true when they say you open up more of your feelings late at night :S
Meh I dont no what to do... no confidence to say anything but I really want to ahh #confused #feelings !!
Yay yay yay yay yay #Collabro whoop whoop so happy :D!!! Xx
#CollabroToWin please!!! its a shame for #AddictInitiative still my favourite dance group by far!!
#BGT2014 #Collabro loving them!! Beautiful harmonies and one of my favourite musical songs :D!!
#BGT2014 #DarcyOake oh my days... I couldnt watch but I had too :O so scary!! NICE MUSCLES :D xx
#BGT2014 simon cowell just said swagger heehee
#BGT2014 #JackPack nice sound :D
#BGT2014 #Bars&amp;Melody why give them a choir... just let him sing on his own!! Xx
#JonClegg #BGT2014 I think Dec may lose his job :S xx
Whoop whoop whoop #addictinitiative #BGT2014 #BGTlove them!!! Xx
Well that's me failing english language again!! Hate it hate it hate it!!!
Sarah"have a baby"
Adelaide "have 2"
S "6"
A "9"...
Hmm Nathan has a hard life ahead of him :S
Seriously?!?!?!
I do something... you do the same... I do another thing... and you do it -.- can I not have a life or do you have to copy??? :'( xx
I have fallen in love with Collabro their voices are amazing and love love love the harmonies!!! #Britainsgottalent
Sorry Patsy May all I wanted to do was watch the dancers #Britainsgottalent :S
Hamilton will be declaring war Riccardo is now in play...Button is on the move whoop whoop #F1 #MonacoGP
:( and we r back to a continuous boring race... come on take some risks! #F1 #MonacoGP
First crash been and gone and its not hamilton and rosberg... #F1 #MonacoGP
That moment when size 3 sandels are too big for me :S #small #feet #tiny #person xx
Watching harry potter 6 and I swear that now they have all turned 16 finding the love of their lifes is the key thing...
:'( vampire diaries :'( :O
The problems of archery in the morning means an early night... which isnt easy when your not tierd :( xx
Cant believe xmen is comjng out this friday and I havent arranged to go woth someone to see it :( xx
@itsthedavy well some people are worth becoming a vampire for :P xx
Problems of an unsocial life... the rabbit even looks grumpy when I cuddle him :( :P xx 
Making scones.... or scones?? Depending on your pronunciation. . :)
2hrs if dance done spending break doing more revsion before drama... hopefully everyone will work and teacher will come down to help :S xx
First day of exam leave and im in school for 4 hrs today -.- xx
Mehhhh need to get out more but #ilikebeingunsocialable
So the guys that I kinda like.. 1. wait he's not real! Opps 2&amp;3 I appear to have been friend zoned!!
Switerland speaker dressed like fred from scooby doo... xx
Scott mills on a swinging chair in swinging london #EurovisionSongContest2014 #bbceurovision
@JessLeighA he is now olaf!! :D xx
Slightly confused over the ladders... #EurovisionSongContest2014 #bbceurovision xx
got to love #GrahamNorton #EurovisionSongContest2014 #bbceurovision so funny :D xx
Lets play a game of whats the instrumnet played by malta lead singer... where can I get one it looks cool?? Xx
Is it wrong that im watching the dancers more than the singing :S #EurovisionSongContest2014 xx
@JessLeighA hmm I liked banjo man!! Xx
Rocking on a bango with a mustache!! #EurovisionSongContest2014 xx
Right now that the panic and crying is done all I need to do now is get on with the sodding work that caused it!! Mind set and not ready! :S
That moment when you have to do some quick thinking :S xx
New arrow wraps!! 
That moment when u realise something... xx
-.-!!!
#BritsEllieGoulding
So glad Artic Monkeys won over One Direction!! #TheBrits2014
Valentines day... the ideal day to grab my compound bow and shoot at a heart for fun :D  xx
Practising to be Adalaide and something tells me that my american accent is going to as well as the russian one last year :S CRAP :'( xx
@Andrew_parsnips @Jo14_Adams well thats just harsh and un called for...
@Andrew_parsnips @Jo14_Adams hmm you never no I could be after all my lessons :P
@Andrew_parsnips @Jo14_Adams dont worry jo u can always get a lift from me and if needed sooner im sure megan wouldnt say no :P xx
luvs ma jo "My love for you cannot be measured in distance or time, I just know your meant to be mine" BFFE!!! xx
shock horror my flute teacher actually apologised for how she spoke to me last week :0 xx
absolutley dreading my flute lesson tomoz practise not been the priority I think course work comes 1st but not sure teacher will take that!
I have a feeling that 1000 word limit in course work is going to become the bloody bane if my life!! Stressing out so much!!
@itsthedavy I had the same exact conversation with my friends at school today :S xx
@InstrumentsUK I think his name is alec!!
My head is gonna be full of lines for different productions... eventually im going be in the wrong production whilst performing another!! :S
@rheapaigeclark :( get better soon!!! Xx
#mortalinstrumentscityofbones done again now moving onto my next reread #cityofashes :D @cassieclare love the books!!! Xx
@rheapaigeclark whats wrong rhea?? Xx
#mortalinstrument please help!! worked really hard on it... @InstrumentsUK @Jamiebower @lilycollins @cassieclare xx 
clary- "Everything is different"
jace- "The worlds the same, your the one whos different"... love mortal instruments!! @InstrumentsUK xx
so got cream for the awkward rash on ma chest... any volenteers...;) :P xx
FANGIRLING MOCKINGJAY TEASER TRAILER ON 24/1!!!!xx #hungergames #tribute #mockingjay @HungerGamesUK
@april_52013 yes it is ver very weird your ver very weird child :P xx

Best memories ever.
Hmm watching a bit of chris hemsworth... #yummy :) xx
Best thing that could ever happen :) #bookworm :S xx 

brain: you're weird as hell  

body: and you're fat 

face: plus you're ugly  

food: but I
Coming down a climbing wall hurts... #feelsorryforboys :S xx
Full out 2 hour dance lesson today... bit of a shock to the system but I now have energy to be active ish for more dance tomoz #musicskool x
Dancing... "I See Fire" love the song... love the film it was written for!! #hobbit @edsheeran
My dancing girlies :D #dance #dancer xx 
Back to dance with ickle people tomoz #dance #dancer xx
Dont mind me... just fallen in love with the waiter at harvester... he was soo cute and gorjuss &lt;3 :D xx
Its a long shot that they will see my drawing :S  @Jamiebower @KevinZegers @lilycollins  @cassieclare @InstrumentsUK 
Feeling lonely :'( xx
I love lucy!!!!!!!
I'm bias but would love to see them get to the 
Got a bruised little finger but nothing more @Eliott978 :P xx
@Jo14_Adams where from?!?!?! Xx
Drawing of Alive cover :S @JessieJ 
Listening to @JessieJ  #Alive and loving it!!!
Webber has been given a 10 place grid penalty for getting a lift bit extreme @SkySportsF1 @AussieGrit @alo_oficial 
Mark Webber... hitch hiker :D x @SkySportsF1 
I think i should have set an alarm for 8 rather than just waking up at 8:45 :S xx
My childhood has ckme back to me as im spendig the week helping at holiday club!!! Been 10years siince the last time :D xx
@ox_Jessicaaa :D xx
@ox_Jessicaaa a girl that grows up in the normal world only to discover she isn't a plain human and what happens when she finds out :)
@ox_Jessicaaa the mortal instrument series are cool to :D xx
Teehee compound bow :) 
@its_davy I like it :) its a good photography moment :) :p x
My lightening photo close up :) xx 
Woken up by light flashing in my room is the creepiest thing :S releaved  to know its just lightening #scary #cannowrelax :D
@mikebray01 Kieran :P xx
@mikebray01 I am a minion :D xx
@InstrumentsUK my finished drawing of Jace Wayland #MortalArt #MortalInstruments. :) 
@InstrumentsUK here's my picture of Jace not finished yet :) xx #MortalArt 
#MortalInstruments #MortalArt Jace Wayland Almost finished detail needs adding :) x 
#CelebrateYourVictors Katniss Everdeen the girl on fire #District12 
#RoyalBabyNames Clarrisa for a girl and Tristan for a boy :) xx
@HungerGamesUK no where near finished but this is my task :) #Katniss #CelebrateYourVictors 
@HungerGamesUK 
#CatchingFireTrailer Katniss reaches her arms high showing the beautiful detail of her wings that has formed from the flames :) xx #amazing
@InstrumentsUK r u able to do a #COBBookHunting in kettering??
I just had my tarot fortune read by Madame Dorothea. You can have yours read as well at 
I just earned the Alec Lightwood badge from The Mortal Instruments! - 
@mikebray01 BeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohBeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohBeedohbeedohbeedoh :D xx
@mikebray01  i know i am :D xxxxxx but u love me for it :P cause u have to :P xxxx
@mikebray01 BeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohBeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedohbeedoh x just to annoy u xx :P x
Please give me a copy!!! :-) #COBBookHunt
There an evil worm on my lolly :D xx @JessLeighAdams 
#MortalArt #MortalInstruments my angelic abilities rune :) x 
@ox_Jessicaaa one about people that smell :) x
@ox_Jessicaaa what??
Was a brilliant night :) xx @Andrew_parsnips @amyjbs @Jade_Yorks @OrigamiBandit @NJA_George 
great weather for prom today :) xx
@LIGHTorDARK me again :) Ethan also has a good heart and is willing to help people he gives people a chance before judging them :) xx
@LIGHTorDARK Ethan is my favourite because he knows what he wants and finds ways to get it he never gives up making him a good role model :)
I'm on book 3 of the mortal instrument series :) xx love them #shadowhunter
@LIGHTorDARK my favourite character from the film is Ethan because he seems to be the one with his head screwed on and his love of Lena :)
i wish i knew the shadowhunters as i love the mortal instruments and can't wait until its out in cienmas :0 #TMImovi 
@Jo14_Adams losing the plot :P x
@Jo14_Adams I agree :P xx
#Attraction= AMAZING!!!!!!
#Attraction to WIN!!!!!!!
Well done to #richardandadam for carrying on would really like to know the reason behind her action! :S
Can't wait for #Attraction on #BGTfinal. Attraction too win!!!! :)
Really wanted to go to the radio 1 bid weekend :( #sad
Hearing a lot of funny rumours around school from the leavers assembly yesterday :S @DomJolly_ #embarrassing @billy_fleury @JamesPaull95
Love love lovee #catchingfire #teaser #TheSpark #HungerGamesExplorer :-)
Really want to see the 4th pic keeping tweeting :) #HungerGamesExplorer :) xx
Can't wait untill sunday!!! #CatchingFire #HungerGamesExplorer :)
@ox_Jessicaaa cool :)
@ox_Jessicaaa 5th july :) u?
@ox_Jessicaaa there so nice and thanks I've got to find mine, sorted dress make up hair and date just need hair piece and shoes :)
@ox_Jessicaaa where did u order them from and what do they look like?
Prom dress shopping with @Jo14_Adams and @Rhoobs
@Olivia_bieber34 sado
@iya_itspaige does that mean I may get my physic retake ones
@iya_itspaige results for what?
@Eliott978 thank you to you and the family for my ear rings and very pretty card :) xx
@Eliott978 thank you :) x
@Eliott978 the sky :D x
@Eliott978. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! :D x
New update!!!! Please read much appreciated 
@PeetaPN_12 happy birthday :)
I #HeartHungerGames because of loving thoughts Peeta has for Katniss :) x
@TheHungerGames my first catching fire drawing!!! Second in progress 
"Come seek us where our voices sound, we can not sing above ground, an hour long you have to look, to recover what we took" :)
@EmilyB1997 spent 9 hrs of my holiday watching them and it was well spent :) xx
@JosephMorgan hi this is weird but I know your a big reader so please read my story it would be much appreciated :)xx  

love the #lordofthering films 9hrs of my life well spent :) xx
Read my story :) xx 
Watching #lordoftherings xx
@tyger please follow me it will make my christmas xx
@Vamp_Diaries heehee got my calender for next year!!!! Yum yum stefan and klaus @JosephMorgan @paulwesley
@GerranHowell can you tell me if there is a new series of young Dracula I really really want more!!!
@HungerGamesUK I draw this today so proud of it :) x 
@GerranHowell really really want more of vlad on my screen!! :'( sad it's over :'(
@GerranHowell bracing to stack and.... "Yep that's Ingrid" heehee
@JosephMorgan OMG looking so sexy with blood dripping down the body :D xx
@RavenclawBlue dirty child
Read my story :) - 
@RichieOfficial "Calligraphy Paper?" "Yeah it just popped into my head" lol love it xx
@RichieOfficial so cool in the "Journey to the Mysterious Island" :) xx
@tyger is it a new series??
@antanddec. I swear Eric fell asleep in that trail lol :D x
#sadscene :'( poor ickle Rue :'( 
@RichieOfficial Love this sooooo much heehee got the full song on phone!!! Xx 
@RichieOfficial I can't wait until Catching Fire is released pictures look so cool!!
@Andrew_parsnips it's going to be extremely quite down there now
@MTVUK I've retweeted hope and hope :D xx
@TwilightSaga_UK. Gonna start wating the films in order so watched all of them by the time I see part 2  sad it's ending :(#TwilightForever
@TwilightSaga_UK Rpatz on @Radio1 yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@TwilightSaga_UK #TwilightForever. I am seeing it with my 2 best friends!!!
@antanddec I'm getting bored already of the same people being picked as I want to see the whole trail not just people stopping early! D:
@davidvitty It's boring for the ones that don't vote because we want to see the whole trail not just parts and lots of screaming :S
#imacelebrity not a shock that helen is doing another trail #scream @antanddec
My 12 year old brother's watching #I'macelebrity from last night and his comment is "Helen's got big boobs :S
@TwilightSaga_UK can't wait till the 16th but not seeing it till the 18th :'( not happy really wanted to see it on friday :'(
#SORTED2012 #SQUIRREL from Link Youth Group :) xxx
Squirrel #SORTED2012
@sortedevent woo good view :) x 
@UnionJworld what is  your favourite song so far in the competition??
@Radio1 #scarybands Evahhhhnessences :) or Will.I.boo
@louissmith1989 loved loved loved it!!! #timeofmylife &lt;3
@JosephMorgan got a better one "keep them busy little sister" :) heehee loved the first episode of season 4 can't wait till next week :) xx
@JosephMorgan I don't know my friend what says you? :S that was a terrible impression :S sorry
@JosephMorgan really loved seeing Klaus on my screen again &lt;3 xx
@DomJolly_  simran will be happy about that lol :)
@TwilightSaga_UK I have my BREAKING DAWN tickets!!!!!!
@JustAdoodler reply to my text
@Andrew_parsnips ohh cool :)
@Andrew_parsnips wot is a.s.k
@JustAdoodler "take that rage, put it on a page, take the page to the stage, and blow the roof off the place" - the script :D
@JustAdoodler "standing in the hall of fame!"
@JustAdoodler heehee I'm bored so gonna have to annoy u :)
@JustAdoodler ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Helllllllllllo I'm bored now
@JustAdoodler muwhahahahahaha I have am singing to judas!!!!!
@JustAdoodler I'm bored now
@JustAdoodler judas judahahaha judas judahaha!!!!!
@JustAdoodler ahhhhhhhhhh you where born this way ( strange)
@JustAdoodler :'( oh well ill just type hi
@JustAdoodler I'm running out of things to say :'(
@JustAdoodler ahhhhhhhhhhhhHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
@JustAdoodler :P :P :P :P!!!!!!!!!!!!
@JustAdoodler troll lol lol
@JustAdoodler smile and be happy
@JustAdoodler lalaalalalalalalalalala lalalalalalalalalalala
@JustAdoodler your a strange child :P
@JustAdoodler this is fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@JustAdoodler muwhahahahahahahahahaha
@JustAdoodler I'm going to mess up ur twitter :)
@JustAdoodler hellllllllllllo!!!!!!!
Watching @JacksonRathbone in The Last Airbender :)
@TheScript_Danny I love your new album can't stop listening to it :D xx
@TheHungerGames watching the dvd loveeee peeta :D xxx &lt;3
#byechrismoyesshow.  #byedom. #byetina. #byedave. #byeallide. And #byechris. Gonna miss ur voices on the radio
@mikebray01 meee to :)
@ChrisMoylesShow :'( I'm gonna miss part of ur last show because of school :'( gonna miss waking up to the jingles :'(
@CHRISDJMOYLES I can't get to my phone for on the way to skool so after 1/4 to 8 I won't be able to here :'(
@JensonButton get the car to number 1 again jenson :) will have to wait for the result when back from weekend hols with muum and dad :) x
Thorpe park then @ladygaga born this way ball then Thorpe park again good weekend :D
@ladygaga can't wait till tomoz #bornthiswayball !!!!!!!!!!!!
@HungerGamesUK I'm gonna wear my mocking jay pin with pride tomoz :)
@HungerGamesUK - have rue's lullaby in my head forever :)
@HungerGamesUK the making off the film I like seeing all the actors just come together and have fun :)
@HungerGamesUK. I have Rue's lullaby in my head forever
@HungerGamesUK 
@HungerGamesUK "we'll be okay!"
@HungerGamesUK going to watch the #thehungergames everyday
@HungerGamesUK "happy hunger games and may the odds be ever in your favour"
@HungerGamesUK - love the hunger games so much the fact that archery is a main link. Everytime I pick up my bow I feel like Katniss :)
@HungerGamesUK love love love peeta he is the sweetest and the fittest!!!!
@HungerGamesUK funniest line "nice dress, not yours" teehee
@HungerGamesUK best monment of the film is Katniss and her firey dress love it and really want one!!!!! Also sadess moment rue's death
@Eliott978 let's just say they r bad
@Eliott978 well done :) x
@BeethaanyMaay wot did u get??
@Eliott978 they r well good better than mine :S
@Meghan_Hill_ they where looking at spelling and grammar that's y the grades where low :'( I'm so bad a that
@Eliott978 wot did u get??
@Meghan_Hill_ didn't have a float :( oh well was it fun
@TomDaley1994 loving the dress wear on jonathon ross :D xx
@Meghan_Hill_  and have fun :)
@Meghan_Hill_ nope :(
@Meghan_Hill_ wot u doing in the carnival??
@Kristian_Thomas ill be watching #love gymnastics :)
Depressing thought... We're not gonna be able to understand a signal word in the next ceremony... We have all got 4 years to learn :S
Always look on the bright side of life :D xx
@JessieJ I loves your outfit for the ceremony :) xxx #proudtobebritish xx
#proudtobebritish
@PeetaPN_12 in the film there is a scene where cato and glimmer look really close rather than clove so I think they liked each other :S
@TheHungerGames. My drwing of peeta :D @jhutch1992 
@tdh1996 2 carnivores where eating a clown, one said to the other "does this taste funny to you?" :)
@RavenclawBlue where did we get the bronze I know we got gymnastics but did we get another??
@RavenclawBlue I'm trying to persuade mum to buy tickets and go :)
#GoTeamGB
@Andrew_parsnips okay good for you and u didn't 'sound' stroppy
@Andrew_parsnips chad sounds like a fish name?
@Andrew_parsnips okay?!?!
@Andrew_parsnips how did u not no that :S
@RavenclawBlue jess u 'now u luv me can I have a shout out heehee :D x
@tommcfly loving the shorts :D x
Follow @Jo14_Adams noww xx
@DomJolly_  loving the added part to the song heehee #domdiddydom :)
@amyjbs cause u r Barnes heehee  #domdiddydom
@jakebindley there is a film thingy going on tomoz the whole of A day at southfields would like u lot to come and watch the women in black!
@Andrew_parsnips cause ur weird!!!
@Jade_Yorks lol :P
@Jade_Yorks :P
@jakebindley lol :D
@jakebindley I don't my friend tabitha was tagged in  it on fb because he was a diddydom heehee @JustAdoodler
@jakebindley worrying about him or me??
@jakebindley @JustAdoodler. My friends tabs picture look at dom!!!!! 
@JustAdoodler I had pink icying this week to lol got bored whilst sitting at home with revision
@CHRISDJMOYLES @davidvitty. Love watching football with u 2 speaking over it :D " get up you big girl" heehee
@RavenclawBlue good luck :)
@TheHungerGames the cartoon cover of peeta on a version of the book catching fire hand drawn in pen then painted :) 
@TheHungerGames I already do archery every time I pick up my bow I pretend to be shooting to survive in the hunger games :D#TheHungerGames
@PeetaPN_12 however the whole album is cool as well :D "district 12 and beyond" best album ever!!!
@PeetaPN_12 :D &lt;3
@PeetaPN_12 also love eyes open!!!!!
@TheHungerGames. Could someone tell me if the hunger games won anything last night my tv wouldn't let me see it :( 
:( can't get the mtv movie awards on my tv so can't see if @TheHungerGames wins anything :'( I was all geared up to cheer and all :'(
@iamwill. I love u on my tv u make my day heehee &lt;3 xx #votetylerjames
@TheHungerGames 
@TheHungerGames 
@TheHungerGames my 2nd ticket 
@TheHungerGames my 2nd time ticket 
@TheHungerGames josh huterchson 
I #votekatniss for the 2012 MTV #MovieAwards Best Hero! See who's in the lead and tweet your vote: 
Got so close to a bunny at archery he is called nibbles :D 
Walking past my dad whilst he walks the dog and I wave bye to the dog not him :D
Walking to school :( nooo don't want to go to school want to be in bed asleep its to early :(
Love this drawing so much :D @TheHungerGames @Peeta12PN 
@RTP_Official. Happy birthday xxx
@Jade_TWSykes I'm missed them wot did they do??
#paulwesleyisspecial heehee love it xx @Vamp_Diaries
#paulwesleyisspecil :D love it
@RavenclawBlue lucky :(
#TheVoice Alex Josh is sooooooo cool :D xx luv him &lt;3 xx
Yay there's going to be a season4 @vampirediaries. :D &lt;3 stefan to pieces :)
@RavenclawBlue ohhhh y??
Its a bit weird and cartoon style but this is Kol from @Vamp_Diaries. @natebuzz. :) 
@natebuzz I'm drawing a picture of Kol from episode 19. Its my fav episode and love the fact that kol is going to be back on my screen :)
@mrjakehumphrey me think Macclaren have got more points than that as I have calculated that they should have 88 points :)
@Jade_TWSykes trust you to reply to that lol :D
#thevoiceuk omg its so cooooool @jessiejofficial. I swear u no every song that has been sung so far xxx luv ya!!!!
@RavenclawBlue lol ur bit excited there :D
@RavenclawBlue ohhhh hmmm I don't no :S
@RavenclawBlue where did u here this??
@RavenclawBlue cool :)
@RavenclawBlue oh ummmm I don't no wot u could draw now
@RavenclawBlue :(
@RavenclawBlue dobby!!!!!!!!!!
@RavenclawBlue lol :)
@RavenclawBlue yes u can just keep trying if worst comes to worst find a piccy and then mark(trace) where the main areas start???
@RavenclawBlue yeah they would have :)
@RavenclawBlue I know right but it was the kids chose awards so little kids would have chosen :( grrrrrrrr
@RavenclawBlue really :(??
@tommcfly it is so coooooooooool like mcfly!!!
@JacksonRathbone what do u prefer llamas or alpacas or both
@RavenclawBlue lol :D
Book 1 of @TheHungerGames finished now onto book 2 I have fallen in love with peeta he is so cool and sweet &lt;3 can't wait to see it!
@RavenclawBlue whoop whoop 2 weeks to go ahhhhhhhh
@RavenclawBlue do u want to borrow my books or do u have them and yay!!??
@RavenclawBlue and the main characters name is soooooooo cool heehee :)
@RavenclawBlue they have also given me the aurg to try and run through my friend todd ull find out y if u read them!!!
@RavenclawBlue jess I love them the r really good!!!!
@RavenclawBlue good luck xxx
@RavenclawBlue kk will look at dates :)
@RavenclawBlue we could go to see it maybe when it has calmed down from the excitment
@RavenclawBlue :( I can't go and see it as it bros bday the day it come out and don't no when I will be able to :(
I think ill start drawin @natebuzz tomoz as already done @paulwesley @iansomerhalder. And @ninadobrev. :)
@jessiejofficial 
Happy birthday to james and oliver phelps from harry potter
@ahj I'm not going to hear it as I walk to skool :(
Just about to start reading the vampire diaries phantom #bookrevolution :)
Happy birthday to @vampirediaries @zach_roerig xx
Watching my series 2 @vampirediaries dvds hmmmmm stefan @paulwesley but not forgetting my other favourite in series 3 Kol @natebuzz. Hehe &lt;3
@CHRISDJMOYLES happy birthday chris :)
@Yorkieebarr 1D
@Yorkieebarr I'm on delay so shhhhhhhh I'm 25 mins out :S oh well heehee
@CHRISDJMOYLES #shabbatronic !!!!!
@Vamp_Diaries I love caroline/klaus as I want stefan to myself :)
Is very very tierd :(
@RavenclawBlue can't not allowed phones in sessions
@RavenclawBlue since 9 30 this morn and staying till 3 pm tomoz grrrrrr
@RavenclawBlue listen and bring ideas to our gb grrr I want to be at home :(
@RavenclawBlue :( ur lucky u didn't go to this gb thingy but wish u did as u would be with me in the junior section cause I'm not with beth
@RavenclawBlue I got the hunger games for my bday :) so shhhhhh I still have 2 books to read before I get to them :)
Happy birthday my gorjuss friend @JustAdoodler :)
Sitting on the sofa with @Yorkieebarr and @JustAdoodler xx
@RavenclawBlue harry potter and the cylinder of pringles heehee
@Yorkieebarr :P
Watching my favourite vampire film and seeing her sexy vampire himself in it heehee @Twilight
@JustAdoodler ur a happy bunny aren't u :S
@RavenclawBlue by the way @Rhoobs is my mother
@Rhoobs hahahahahahaha but I have tweeted to celebs so yeah
@jasonlatimer welldone u and george deserved it :)
@bbcmagicians good luck to all the magicians but latimer to win!!!!
@natebuzz how long does it usally take to create one episode of vamp diaries
@RavenclawBlue oh and I'm good thanks :)
@RavenclawBlue I no heehee wot ya doing and may not reply as sittin in french
@RavenclawBlue hiya how ya doing ???
One more book to go then I can go back to vampire diaries phantom yay!!!
