The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases with the acquisition of it. – Mike Ditka
Saying sorry doesn't solve the problem. It's what you do after that truly counts.
I am not in this world to live up to other people's expectations, nor do I feel that the world must live up to mine. – Thucydides
Life is ever evolving and organic. You aren't meant to stay in the same spot. Just be mindful that you never move backward.
Never let the things you want make you forget what you have.
A Gov who can't pay salaries has no moral right to a huge convoy or to guest houses or to a private jet. Your workers must be your priority
Spending today complaining about yesterday won't make tomorrow any better.
"We must be realistic. If we have to borrow to pay salaries, its a sign we must cut salaries including for Senators. I'll lead that charge!"
Left to me, we must sell the Presidential fleet. Public servants,President must only use made in Nigeria Peugeot as official car!"
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
"@Laurazir: Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom."
Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love. – Winston Churchill
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
"@promo_ng: #IfMTNBuysVisafoneThen There will be increase in monopoly in the telecoms industry just like the monopoly with DSTV."
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Some things are just unacceptable. Don't lower your standards even if your heart is involved because what you tolerate will continue.
Worrying about the future is tempting but useless. Do the best you can with whats right in front of you and the future will fall into place.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Learn to smile at every situation. See it as an opportunity to prove your strength and ability.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.
"@razzman15: Okonjo-Iweala Speaks: The Reason Why There is Scarcity Of Fuel (Must Read) 
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
"@LEGACYfied: Ben Murray Bruce: Now That General Buhari Has Been Elected (READ) 
Sometimes you need to be alone in order to find out who you really are and what you really want.
If you don't ask because you might be refused, you've already refused yourself.
"I love you" takes 3 seconds to say, 3 hours to explain and a lifetime to prove.
"Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love."  - Lao Tzu
Be resilient. Open your eyes, your life is full of positives. Love your life with all your soul.
No one can go back and make a brand new start. However, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
“Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.” - William Shakespeare
“Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” ― Lao Tzu
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends, but it'll always get you the right ones.
From good things, I learn to be a thankful person. From bad things, I learn to be a strong person.
If you refuse to fail, your only option will be to succeed.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates

Without discipline any kind of success will fritter away.
If this Government is doing well for you; GOODLUCK to you... For me, my PATIENCE is long gone. Yes! I want CHANGE. #WhyWeGoVoteBuhari
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
Keep your eyes on the ball, keep your spirit focused, keep your mind under control.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. ~George Bernard Shaw
Life is tough, but you must be tougher.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
"@LeadershipNGA: D’Tigers Seal Continental Deals - 
If you had not suffered as you have, there would be no depth to you, no humility, no compassion. – Eckhart Tolle
A good relationship consists of two people that are really good at forgiving.
Words mean nothing if actions show the complete opposite.
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.” ― Aristotle
QUOTE: "Love is the full acceptance for someone or something without understanding completely."
QUOTE: "The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destinatio
"You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind
QUOTE: "A mind with thoughts and ideas is like a search engine on a computer. But, You must type them in order to get results." - Eric Long
Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
I know everything happens for a reason, but sometimes I wish I knew what the reason was.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Let everyone sweep the front of his own door and the whole world will be clean. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If someone does not smile at you, be generous and offer your own smile. Nobody needs more a smile than the one that cannot smile to others.
Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it.
Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune.
Problems are probably only problems for you now. But you will realize they helped you grow at the end.
"@UnusualFactPage: 
"@Sexy_Wilson23: A1APPAREL 
<FIRE> IF YOU <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>  THIS BRACELET<FIRE>
"@Inspiredneuron: Look inward 
Even the smallest lie can break the biggest trust.
“When you say “It’s hard”, it actually means “I’m not strong enough to fight for it”. Stop saying its hard. Think positive!”
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time -- Thomas A. Edison
When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
The only thing that separates success from failure is one last attempt. Try one more time and you may succeed.
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
QUOTE: "Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching" - Aurora Greenwa
"Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow." - Mary…
"@WeDressCuter: In love with this ring <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><RING> 
"@NikeCIothing: Dope Roshes <OK HAND SIGN> 
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. – Coco Chanel
Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
Success and luck are never the same thing, one is earned, one is a fluke.
When you know what you want, and you want it badly enough, you'll find a way to get it.
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
"@Gentlemenhood: Men's Flannel Sherpa-Lined Shirt Jackets (I like) 
It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
"@TheBeautifulCar: Matte red M3 <SMIRKING FACE> 
"@TheBeautifulCar: Matte black Audi R8 <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> 
"@successbuys: A natural pool carved out of stone <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES> 
"@CoolestLifeHack: Life advice via Albert Einstein: 
"@DreamCIoset: Michael Kors <WATCH>️<GEM STONE> 
When you are up in life, your friends get to know who you are. But when you are down in life, you get to know who your friends are.
"No man is capable of self-improvement if he sees no other model but himself." -- Conrado I. Generos
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
@todayngr sorry madame, he has had his chance to affect the lives of ordinary Nigerians yet many more Nigerians go to bed on empty stomach.
Bad days come sometimes just to remind you that you have plenty of good ones to look forward to.
Whatever makes you mad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
A women who doesn't ask for anything deserve's everything!
@Naija102News  I nor no any country when adultery be crime, even in Nigeria adultery is not a crime
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
Always and Never are two words you should always remember never to use. - Wendell Johnson
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
One smile, can start a friendship. One word, can end a fight. One look, can save a relationship. One person can change your life.
"@POSITIVlBES: Need to remember this<PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS> 
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
"@DressingCute: This ring is gorgeous! <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> 
Don't give up just because of what people said. Use that as your motivation to push harder.
"@LifeOfBubz: FAV if you would wear these classy shoes <ATHLETIC SHOE><MANS SHOE>

<WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX>
"@TopInventionss: Hidden room behind a bookshelf 
Sometimes you need to be alone, in order to find out who you really are and what you really want.”
"@NikkysPosts: Love these... 
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Trust is won not given.
"@DlYfoods: Yogurt dipped strawberries with sprinkles <FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD> 
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. – Jim Rohn
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. – Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Truths and roses have thorns about them. – Henry David Thoreau
It's impossible to find someone who never hurts you, so go for the one who's worth the pain.
He who lives without discipline dies without honor.
Sometimes the only support you will have is patience. Keep it close, it will lead you through. - Prasad Narulkar
"@RealTouchingPic: The only time you should look down on someone is when you're helping the up. 
You'll never Realize how strong You are, until being Strong is the only Choice you have Left.
Don't forget your failures, they're valuable lessons, but do not obsessed with them.
"@EarthAddicts: Komodo Island - Indonesia 
Once truth is compromised, Love cannot stand.
"@NiceJordans: Blackout custom 11's 
"@NiceJordans: GMP 6's 
"@NiceJordans: Retro 4 Louis Vuitton Custom 
Silence and smile are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is the way to avoid many problems.
Life is tough, but you must be tougher.
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, it's a brighter day.
"@BrooklynNets: FINAL: #Nets 97, #Bucks 103. 
"@weddingdressez: Diamond Engagement Ring, semi mount setting. 50 carat round 
Always focus on how far you've come, not how far you have to go!
If you have everything under control, you're not moving fast enough. -Mario Andretti
A person who chases two rabbits catches neither.
"@pIayboy1: My Hero... 
"@DamnLoveNote: 90's cartoon conspircies----&amp;gt; 
"@TheRealQuazier: Fav this if you'd wear these roshes <FIRE><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><FIRE><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><ATHLETIC SHOE><ATHLETIC SHOE>
<WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX> 
"@TheBeautifulCar: Mercedes interior <WEARY FACE><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> 
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.  »Donald Trump
@DopeNigerian yet he didn't see the building collapse of his church residence so that he could move his members out
Aspire to do more with your life. Your life is yours to live, make it count. Remember that adversity builds character.
Success is not something that comes, it's something that you make happen.
"We provide electricity, security, road, water and almost everything by ourselves now the govt wants us to add election to d list #Nigeria"
"@WeedBibIe: When bae asks for flowers 
"@JustTumbIr: <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
"@urmindblown: The extremely rare "Golden Tiger" 
"@SlCKART: By Davide MikArt 
If you are going to be a champion, you must be willing to pay a greater price.
“The difference between who you are and who you want to be is the work you put in.”
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
"@RelatabIeWisdom: Don't lose.... 
"@MarilynMonroeDC: Every king needs his queen <SMIRKING FACE> 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities and second, respecting the differences.
H.O.P.E. Hold on, pain ends
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Everyone is born beautiful. Some people just let the world turn them into something ugly.
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
@JumokeOgunseye morning madame
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper. – Thomas Jefferson
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. – Helen Keller
In order to get from what was to what will be, you must go through what is.
"@importanthacks: 10 Signs Your Boyfriend Is Not A Real Man click here ++ 
You can't make the same mistake twice. Because the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
"@DetroitPistons: Pics from tonight's game are up on #Pistons.com: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
The only reason a company will pay you a six figure salary is because they know they can make seven figures off you.
If you constantly find yourself trying to prove your worth to someone then you have already forgotten your value.
Promise only what you can deliver. Then deliver more than you promise.
"@BelovedNotes: What If Ariel From The Little Mermaid <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX> 
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
@airtel_care @itunuojatunwase plz what is bb10
If you want to make the world a better place take a look at yourself and make that change
"@DlSNEYMEMORIES: Disney's best.<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
"@ApparelPorn: Park avenue engagement ring <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><GEM STONE><RING> 
People say you don't know what you've got until it's gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just never thought you'd lose it.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Use your smile to change this world; but don't let this world change your smile.
If you expect something in return for being a nice person, you aren’t a nice person.
"@LumiaUK: Peter has destroyed Quahog! #AppyMonday 
Work for a cause, not for applause. Live your life to express, not to impress.
Life has so many different chapters. One bad chapter does not mean it's the end of the book.
We can complain because roses have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
"@artoflove9: If Disney Was For Adults   .

See here. <WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX><WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX> 
"@lNVENTlONS: Awesome BBQ Design! 
Stop telling others about your problems. 20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them.
"@BrilliantPosts: One of the rarest animals on the planet, the black panther 
"@BestOfNike: Pink 11's 
I am who I am, your opinion is neither desired nor required.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
The shortest and best way to make your fortune is to let people see clearly that it is in their interests to promote yours. -La Bruyer
Everybody with good intentions can make promises, but only people with good character keep their.
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
"We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true." - Dennis Waitley.
When you are thankful for what you have, you are always rewarded with more.
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure." - Colin L. Powell
"There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you." - Maya Angelou
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one." - Mary Kay Ash
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you handle it.
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Samuel Goldwyn
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles.
Don’t let your circumstances affect your attitude. Be a thermostat not a thermometer.
"All life is a chance. So take it! the person who goes furthest is the one who is willing to do and dare." - Dale Carnegie
"The vision must be followed by the venture. It is not enough to stare up the steps - we must step up the stairs." - Vance Havner
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, &amp; a hard-to-find alloy called guts. -Dan Gable
No matter what happens, no matter how far you seem to be away from where you want to be, never stop believing that you will somehow make it.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather a man of value.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
He who aims at excellence will be above mediocrity; he who aims at mediocrity will be far short of it.
You can't fall if you don't climb, but there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
"Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself." - Harvey Fierstein
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
"Never forget the three powerful resources you have always available to you: love,prayer and forgiveness."
- H. Jackson Brown
@NigeriaNewsdesk @radarngr neither is it Ok for u to shoot ur mouth
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life. - Sandra Care
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that.
A fool, if he holds his tongue, passes for wise.
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.” -- Mother Teresa
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
@nigeriantribune y has it not been done till now? How does he intend to do that?
Real change doesn't begin with a desire for improvement, real change begins with a commitment to improve. - Will Spencer
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
Persistence and consistency. Two very important ingredients of success. Former takes you to the top, latter keeps you there.
If no one thinks you can, then you have to.
Lifes not about people who act true to your face. Its about people who remain true behind your back.
Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much. Because that too much can hurt you so much.
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity.
Be happy when God answers your prayer. But be more thankful when God makes you the answer to someone else prayer.
Respect is earned, Honesty is appreciated, Love is gained and Loyalty is returned.
The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life.
Don't be afraid to start over. It's a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. -- Jesse Jackson
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Success happens to those who make achievement their number one priority.
A man should choose a friend who is better than himself. -Chinese Proverbs
Respect the people who find time in their schedule to see you, and love the people who never look at their schedule when you need them.
Life becomes more meaningful when you realize the simple fact that you'll never get the same moment twice.
Respect blind people. Why? Because they judge others by their personality, not by their looks.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! 
~ Audrey Hepbur
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude. - William James
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door."
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
Don't let someone change who you are, to become what they need.
Success only comes when your dreams get bigger than your excuses.
When nails grow long, 
we cut the nails not fingers. 
Similarity when 
misunderstanding grow up, 
cut the ego, 
not your relationship.
Maybe it's not always about trying to fix something broken. Maybe it's about starting over and creating something better.
Never give up! Failure and rejection are only the first step to succeeding. -Jim Valvano
Crying is how your body speaks when your mouth can't explain the pain you feel.
Don't be pushed around by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Seek success with all of your heart. Define your life from a positive perspective. Be your own motivation
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Never lose your dreams, for they are what pushes you to grow each day.
Anger is a bad counselor, -- French Proverb
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. -- Mahatma Gandhi
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
Get busy! Being tired from doing something feels a whole lot better than being tired of doing nothing.
As you grow older you discover that you have two hands: one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Never let positive thinking be the reason you don't deal with negative issues.
The goal of life is happiness and success.
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
If someone tells you it can't be done,  Smile and graciously agree, then go work twice as hard to prove them wrong twice as fast.
The hardest decision is whether to "walk away" or "try harder."
I don't regret the things i've done, i regret the things i didn't do when i had the chance to do it
Friends, life isn’t about finding yourself, Life is about creating yourself most importantly in others.
"A friend is someone with whom you dare to be yourself." - Frank Crane
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new." -- Dan Millman
The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over. - Nicholas Sparks
QUOTE: "Don't wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than per...
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
QUOTE: "Be vigilant; guard your mind against negative thoughts." - Buddha
@ACE_AWARDS: QUOTE: "Be vigilant; guard your mind against negative thoughts." - Buddha #ACE


QUOTE: "All that we are is the result of what we have thought." - Buddha
@bukolasaraki I wish u the best of luck
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. – Mike Ditka
No option is perfect. Something will always be missing. Stick to the goal you have chosen and achieve excellence.
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R. McAlindon
Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Hard Work Beats Talent when Talent doesn't Work Hard
Success happens to those who know how to turn their defeats into extremely valuable lesson.
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
People change for two reasons; either you learn enough that you want to, or you've been hurt enough that you have to
"Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you." ~H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“It is not enough to stare up the steps; we must step up the stairs.” ~Vaclav Havel
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business, and your business in your heart
Most people overestimate what they can do in one year and underestimate what they can do in ten years. ― Bill Gates
"At the end of life, our questions are very simple: Did I live fully? Did I love well?" ~Jack Kornfield
The very essence of leadership is having vision. - Father Theodore Hesburg
"We are not what we know but what we are willing to learn." ~Mary Catherine
The grass isn't greener on the other side. 
It's greener where YOU water it
You'll never Realize how strong You are, until being Strong is the only Choice you have Left.
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always gotten.
"Don't hate, it's too big a burden to bear."
"One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests."
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Remember the five simple rules to be happy: Free your heart from hatred. Free your mind from worries. Live simply. Give more. Expect less.
Once a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse.
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
The trouble with many is that they would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
Making one person smile can change the world – maybe not the whole world, but their world.
Sometimes the best revenge is just a simple smile, to let them know you're doing just fine.
A smile doesn't always mean a person is happy. Sometimes it simply means they are strong enough to face their own problems.
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Life is better when you stop worrying about the things you can't control...
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you
If someone has something bad to say about you, it's probably because they have nothing good to say about themselves.
"Joy comes not through possession or ownership but through a wise and loving heart." ~Buddha
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move.
"@_xLEGNx_: WHO IS BETTER VOTE?  RT FOR KING JAMES <SMIRKING FACE> FAV FOR AIR JORDAN <SMILING FACE WITH HORNS> 
“You still have a lot of time to make yourself be what you want.”
If you want to fly, you have to give up the stuff that weighs you down.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream." - John Eliot
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
A silent hug means a thousand words to the unhappy heart.
Don't be afraid to give up the good and go for the great.
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
"@VehiclePorn: Whiteout Maserati <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
"@TigOleBitties3: Buy ANYTHING You Want With One Of These Jobs <MONEY BAG>
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
"@fun_us_ahead: Reasonably-Priced Cars Girls Love - 
"@TheDaiIyPuppy: Can you adopt me? 
The only people who never fail are those who never tried anything new
A true measure of your worth includes all the benefits others have gained from your success. – Cullen Hightower
The one person you should try to be better than, is the person that you were yesterday.
When it rains it pours. But soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive, Better days are on their way.
Atta hi attano natho, atta hi attano gati- Gautama "The Buddha". It means we ourselves are our owners and responsible for our life.
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
”A mind is like a parachute, it doesn’t work if it isn’t open.” -- Frank Zappa
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
Success is not something that comes to you, you have to go to it with all your heart.~~~Alex Kassan
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"Be like a postage stamp, stick to one thing until you get there." - Josh Billings
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart. – Alan Alda
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@AnarchyTHC: when you smell loud in public 
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
"@ThisIsDeep_: Artist mom makes masterpieces out of her 2-Year-Old daughter's doodles: 
"@DaiIyCarPorn: Murdered out R8 <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
"Losers let is happen; winners make it happen!" -- Denis Waitley
You can't completely avoid negative people, but you can completely ignore them. ~~~ Alex Kassan
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one. – Jessica Savitch
"@AmazeIdeas: Colored Pencils 
Sometimes, It feels like I'm waiting for something that's never going to happen.
"@SportsNTA: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believes Roy Keane's blast was made in order to boost his book sales 
"@AmazeIdeas: Zentangle 
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
What you owe yourself is to work for your living; what you owe your neighbor is not to interfere with his work. - Ayn Rand
"@asdgrumpy: Fun Exercises - 
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
The best &amp; most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart. -Helen Keller
If you want to know where you'll be in 5 yrs listen to what you talk about most now. "Your tongue is a rudder" James 3:4
Jealousy Comes From Counting Others Blessings Instead Of Your Own
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
"@BoyQuotations: does love last forever? 
"@FixedOpsGenius: The World’s Most Colorful Buildings 
The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers. - Thomas Jefferson
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
QUOTE: "To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world." - Brandi Snyder
Everyone fails, the key is to turn your failures into stepping stones to success. ~~ Alex Kassan
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Never allow yourself be controlled by three things: People, money and your past experiences.
I don't regret the things i've done, but those i did not do.
"@Baefeeling: Someday.. 
"@Luxe_Net: Découvrez la nouvelle @MercedesAMG GT prévue pour 2015 Plus d'infos → 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
For all the times you make a mistake and shut a door, another one opens...you're just to busy looking at the closed door to notice.
Love is patient, love is kind and is not jealous; love does not brag and is not arrogant
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
Love never fails; Character never quits; &amp; with patience &amp; persistence; Dreams do come true. -Pete Maravich
"@AutoWorId: Slammed Audi 
"@ATLHawks: 6 questions as we return home: 
The potential for success is in the heart of every determined human being. ~~ Alex Kassan
Develop the ability to forgive. Forgiveness is something that most people fail miserably at even thought it's so simple.
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
Don’t rush anything. When the time is right, it’ll happen.
"@tfootballlover: People Behind Your Favorite Brands - 
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi
A person needs just three things to be truly happy in the world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
When you're happy, you enjoy the music but when you're sad, you understand the lyrics.
QUOTE: "Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't." - Margaret Thatcher
"You can’t grow or learn without change, something has to change for you to reach the next level." - Joel Brown
"Try and fail, but never fail to try." - Jared Leto
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest. -Sri Chinmoy
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said, or never explained.
"@PositiveMinds__: I'd rather be here right now 
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
Work hard, stay humble, dream big.
"@FactSoup: 
"@PranksGIFs: 10 Famous Logos That Have A Hidden Message 
Don't be afraid of change. You may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
"@PitbuIIs: 
"@kids__days: Real Life Cartoon Look-A-Likes !! See More Clicl Here&gt;&gt;&gt; 
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The unhappiest people in this world are the people who care the most about what everyone else thinks.
"@ilovehotfire: 
When trust is broken, sorry means nothing.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. -Michael Jordan
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another, -- Madonna
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Keep your eyes on the ball, keep your spirit focused, keep your mind under control. ~~ Alex Kassan
Success is not permanent &amp; failure is not fatal. So be ready for your next challenge, and give it all you've got.
"@TheComedyHumor: me whenever I see dogs <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
Trust is the hardest thing to find, and the easiest thing to lose.
« Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. » Jim Rohn
Respect the people who find time in their schedule to see you, and love the people who never look at their schedule when you need them.
"@EarthBeauties: An Osiria Rose, United Kingdom 
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. – Albert Einstein
Yellow teeth are stronger, the natural colour of our teeth is a light yellow colour. Whitening your teeth can permanently weaken them.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
We're not the same person we were a year ago, a month ago, or even a week ago. We're constantly changing. Experiences dont stop.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
"@TheBeautifulCar: Slammed Nissan GTR <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> 
Remember, for everything you have lost, you have gained something else. Without the dark, you would never see the stars.
Some people over analyze the simplest thing.
Sometimes all you need to do is reflect on where you were and where you are now. That can give you the inspiration you need to keep pushing.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Jealousy is just a reminder of the frustrations you have with yourself.
When you're in love with someone, you tend to look at them with your heart, not your eyes.
"@ESPNNBA: #NBArank 68: Jrue Holiday (@Jrue_Holiday11). 
"@Awkwardgoogle: Four ways to tie a necktie. 
Don't just wait for things to happen, nothing will happen if you don't make it happen.”
A life without dreams like life without waters. ~ Alex Kassan
Determination is attractive.
"In the end, just three things matter: How well we have lived How well we have loved How well we have learned to let go." - Jack Kornfield
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing, -- Albert Schweitzer
Sometimes we keep our feelings to ourselves, because we know nobody would ever understand.
QUOTE: "In relationships; silence starts wars." - Kenneth Elliott Hudson #ACE
"@EssentialFact: 
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
Sometimes, the best way to stay close to someone you love is by being just a friend.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. -- Alexander Graham Bell
Success is all about letting your will power takeover from your fears.~~Alex Kassan
"@Kids_comedi: Really Sexy Cowgirls are MIND BLOWING !!  See Click More Here ==&gt; 
You have to have goals in this life, that's what keeps you moving in a positive direction. ~ Alex Kassan
"@babetexts: how to be romantic ￼￼ 
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect.
It's stupid how we forgive someone just because we don't want to lose them, even when they don't deserve it.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
QUOTE: "Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people" - Eleanor Roosevelt #ACE
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going!
@AgwuComedy even to talk dem dey fear
"@MagicJohnson: .@cjbycookie &amp; I hanging out with the NBA’s best PG @CP3, his wife @Jada_ap and their son Lil Chris! 
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Stay strong, be positive. We all struggle sometimes.
Worrying is a waste of time. It doesn't change anything. It messes with your mind and steals your happiness.
You can't make the same mistake twice. Because the second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
The problem itself is not the problem. The problem is the way you approach the problem.
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
"@Addictd2Success: :) 
No amount of anxiety can change the future. And no amount of guilt can solve the past.
Marry someone who understands that you need to be alone sometimes. These types of marriages last longer.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William James
Go where you are celebrated – not tolerated. If they can’t see the real value of you, it’s time for a new start.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.
You have to believe in yourself because without self-belief you are nothing. ~ Alex Kassan
It is better to be hated for what you are, than loved for what you are not.
@HelenPaul_ this na federal mugu
@OkeyBakassi this ur yes na yen pounds and dollars, haba
@Osuoofia guy u r ve experienced, we dey learn frm u
"@Powerfulpixs: Janet &amp; Michael Jackson 
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
"@UnrevealedFacts: This butterfly is a bilateral gynandromorph: literally half male, half female. 
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that’s the one that is going to help you grow.
The less you respond to negative people the more peaceful your life will become.
The key ingredient to any kind of happiness or success is to never give less than your best.
People will always disappoint you, to remain happy you must learn how to forgive, forget and move on.
Success is only possible with the right balance of patience, daringness, and perseverance.~~Alex Kassan
Success happens to those who push back against all limitations.~~Alex Kassan
"Without ambition, one starts nothing. Without work, one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it." - Emerson
Don't hide your imperfections. People aren't looking for perfection. They're looking for authenticity
"Setbacks are opportunities for major comebacks." - Travis Wynn
I think the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that dont change when everybody else does
Success isn't the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you're doing and you work hard you will be successful.
"People underestimate their capacity for change. There is never a right time to do a difficult thing." - John Porter
It is better to look ahead &amp; prepare than to look back &amp; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Time decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life, and your behaviour decides who stays in your life.
To be old &amp; wise, you must first have to be young &amp; stupid.
"@AmazeIdeas: Graphite on bristol 
Never let a failure define you, instead turn it into a valuable lesson. ~ Alex Kassan
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more. -Mother Teresa
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Don't go through life, grow through life. - Eric Butterworth
"@ACommonFemaIe: best parts of October <JACK-O-LANTERN><GHOST> 
There are 2 types of athletes: Those who truly desire success, and those who are trying to avoid failure, I truly desire success, do you?
Mercy to the guilty is cruelty to the innocent. - Adam Smith
It's never too late. A determined mind and a positive attitude will increase your ability to achieve and succeed any goal you want in life.
"@nigeriantribune: Nigeria @ 54: Still in search of nationhood 
We have three types of friends in life: Friends for a reason, friends for a season, and friends for a lifetime.
Being surrounded by the color yellow helps you stay focused. Yellow decreases the production of Melatonin, a hormone that makes you sleepy.
Goals must never be from your ego, but problems that cry for a solution. Robert Schuller
Always keep your head up, because if it's down you won't be able to see the blessings that have been placed in your life
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy.
Sometimes you expect more from someone, because you would do that much for them.
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Every story has an end, but in life every end is just a new beginning.
"Don't be afraid to be unique or speak your mind, because that's what makes you different from everyone else." - Dave Thomas
"@thinkerstweet: think 
Not everyone is meant to be in your future. Some people are just passing through to teach you lessons in life.
The chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. Warren Buffet
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
@UnusualFactPage hmmmmm
Success happens to those who are ambitious and incredibly hard working.~Alex Kassan
"@cavs: United in #TheLand.  #CavsMediaDay 
The first to forgive is the strongest.
Successful people always have two things on their lips. 'SMILE' to solve any problem. and 'SILENCE' to avoid any problem.
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
"@lnsaneTweets: when bae falls asleep and you're bored 
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
Don't focus on what you've lost. Just think of what you can do to make your life better.
The difference between who you ARE and who you WANT TO BE is the work you put in.
Some days you just have to create your own sunshine.
"Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose." - G.K. Nielson"
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being. -John Wooden
"@Wazo_Bia: Nigerian nurses would wake you up to give you sleeping pills."
"@QuoteBeauties: The past is... 
“Losing is not the same as being defeated.” - Steve Chandler
If you don't [plan] your life, chances are you'll fall into someone's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.–Jim Rohn
"@ThatBucketList: how to make me happy 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
Life is 10% what happens to you &amp; 90% how you handle it.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
The brick walls aren't there to keep us out, the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. -R Pausch
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
The real friendship is like fluorescent, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -Confucius
"Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances." - Thomas Jefferson
Don’t confuse your path with your destination. Just because it’s stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine.
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." -- George Bernard Shaw
"@ohgirIquotes: this!! 
“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.” - Mark Twain
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe. - Marcus Aurelius
"@AutoWorId: GTR 
@beejayy213. For now it is very true
There will always be forces that push you away from success, you have to push back.~Alex Kassan
Honor your calling. Everybody has one. Trust your heart and success will come to you.–Oprah Winfrey
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work... THERE ARE NO LIMITS. -Michael Phelps
Success happens to those who stand against all the negative forces in their life.~Alex Kassan
The key to a great life is an everlasting commitment to always move forward.
When you learn to not give a crap about what people think about you, then you will have a much easier and more fun life.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
When you focus on problems, you’ll have more problems. When you focus on possibilities, you’ll have more opportunities.
"@LifeLimits: Life is like an ocean. It can be calm and still or rough and rigid. But in the end it's always beautiful."
Most important thing in life is to have no regrets. Know you did your best at the time for the situation you were in.
Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher. -Socrates
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. -Tim Duncan
True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together. It's Grandma and Grandpa who grew old together.
The more you have to wait for something, the more you appreciate it when you get it.
It's choice, not chance, that determines your destiny.
"@ThisIsDeep_: RT if Agree 
@uyiewekaus so I try na, I changed it on a laptop
@uyiewekaus yes I m with u, check if u can retweet my twits
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
Success without real sacrifices is about nothing but luck.~Alex Kassan
Successful people tolerate critics to teach facts of life that conflict with the beliefs of unsuccessful people. - Ian Mayman
Positive words lead to positive actions. Positive actions have good outcomes. Make your thoughts positive &amp; good things will happen.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
"Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up." - Dean Karnazes
"It's the little things you do that make the big things happen." - Michael Dooley
It's the little things you do that make the big things happen." - Michael Dooley
Single is not a status. It's a word that describes a person strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.–Unknown
Your happiness depends on you, and you alone.
When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -- David Brinkley
Live every day as if it's your last, embracing each experience as if it's your first.
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles that one has overcome." - Washington
"@nigeriantribune: Quadri wins Portuguese Super Cup •Eyes offers from Germany, France 
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. -- Max Lucado
"@TheDisneysWord: "Well, here we are, Pluto!" 
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose -- Lyndon B. Johnson
One of the most important keys to Success is having the discipline to do what you know you should do, even when you dont feel like doing it.
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness.”
When anger rises, think of the consequences. - Confucius
It is a good day
"@neverknownfacts: Once you've accepted your flaws no one can use them against you."
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. -Henry Ford
Psychology says, sometimes silence is the most powerful scream and indication of something being terribly wrong.
Life doesn't have a remote. Get up and change it yourself.
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
Every second you spend dwelling on the past is a second of your present that you are missing.”
Every second you spend dwelling on the past is a second of your present that you are missing.
Everybody has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails. -- Bertha Calloway
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence and face your future without fear.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
"@MarketWatch: Adidas withdrew plans to sell this sneaker with rubber shackles in 2012: 
You can't attain success if you're afraid of failing again.~Alex Kassan
Hard work + Dreams + Dedication = Success.
"@MotivationBestt: Know when it matters and when it does not!! 
“Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.” - Winston Churchill
Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &amp; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, living w/ regrets.
People tend to give up simply because they look at how far they still have to go rather than how far they've gotten.
"@OMGFunniest_: High Five, duuude! 
What consumes your mind, controls your life.
When you are thankful for what you have, you are always rewarded with more.
QUOTE: "The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or excuses. No one to lean on, rely ...
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.–Langston Hughes
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
The harder the life, the stronger you'll become. The stronger you become, the easier the life will be.
You're stronger than you know. You just gotta believe in yourself.
Some people dream of success... others stay awake to achieve it. -Unknown
"@Powerfulpixs: Soap bubbles magnified 
Yesterday is but today's memory, tomorrow is today's dream. - Khalil Gibran
Wake up each day determined, and go to bed satisfied. You're destined for greatness!
The task ahead of you is never greater than the strength within you.
Instead of being fake, be yourself. You'll have haters either way.
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber.–Plato
You need to be so annoyed at your life that you are prepared to do what it takes to live a better one. - Jamie Dunn
In the end, hope and belief in yourself is what gets you by. Trust your talents and they will work for you. - Prasad Narulkar
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm -- Sir Winston Churchill
If it’s important to you, you will find a way. If not, you will find an excuse.
Life is like driving a car. It's okay to look behind sometimes but keep looking straight because life's goes on.
"@TheClothPorn: Sweet sport shoes! <TWO HEARTS> 
Confidence is contagious, surrounding yourself with people who believe in themselves can enhance your own belief.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it
"@TheUnusualFact: 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you
"You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get." - Michael Phelps"
A woman never accepts that she's wrong and her only form of apologising is.. 'I'm sorry but the fault is yours'
@uyiewekaus guy how u dey, I m trying 2 get d jist
Love is like a butterfly, the more you pursue it the more it eludes you, but if you are calm and still it will land on you shoulder.
Hope is the only thing stronger than fear.
Ask yourself what is really important and then have the courage to build your life around your answer.
Adding vodka to your shampoo can strengthen your hair, prevent dry scalp, and stop dandruff
"Goodness is the only investment that never fails." - Henry David Thoreau
QUOTE: "Love is more than a noun -- it is a verb; it is more than a feeling -- it is caring, sharing, helping, sacrificing." - William Ar..
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. -Helen Keller
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable. - Louis D. Brandeis
"@Auto_Porn: Classic Mustang <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES> 
"@Auto_Porn: White Audi R8 with blue details! <OK HAND SIGN><BLUE HEART> 
Success comes down to the amount of energy you put into the little things.
What's popular is not always right. What's right is not always popular.
Most of the problems in your life are due to 2 reasons: You act without thinking, or think without acting.
A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities, and second, respecting the differences.
Life is short so live it. Love is rare so grab it. Anger is bad so dump it. Fear is awful so face it. Memories are sweet so cherish them.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason.
Leaders think &amp; talk about the solutions. Followers think &amp; talk about the problems. -Brian Tracy
"@ArtenNews: Which Disney engagement are you?! Check it out here: 
One of the best ways to achieve your goals is to surround yourself with people who have dreams, goals, and ambition.
If you live your life with the regrets of yesterday and the worries of tomorrow, you will have no today to be thankful for!
The past was never a mistake if you learned from it.
You will never be handed down something as precious as success, you have to earn it.
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is. - Irvin Himmel
"@swaagleb: When you remind the teacher about turning in homework and every states at you! <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.
Strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.
The best way to ruin your chances of success is to believe that you are a failure.~Alex Kassan
I've failed over &amp; over &amp; over again in my life &amp; that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan
Don't think outside the box. Think like there is no box
"@Wanderingtradr: Smiling Leopard Seal: INCREDIBLE photo from my #Antarctica cruise #wildlife 
Never lie to someone that trusts you. Never trust someone that lied to you.
"Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." - Henry Ford
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Where there is Hunger, Law is not regarded; and where Law is not regarded, there will be Hunger. - Benjamin Franklin
Expect nothing and accept everything and you will never be disappointed.
"@cruise_experts: Party prep on board @CrystalCruises... #didsomeonesayconfetti 
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life.
If your girlfriend catches you looking at another woman, turn to her and say “I’m glad you don’t dress like that.
Life is a journey, with problems to solve, lessons to learn, but most of all, experiences to enjoy.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
Love is never finding a hand that perfectly fits yours. It's finding the one who is willing to hold your hand no matter how unfit it may be
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will to succeed.
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi
Remember, the greatest failure is being too afraid to try something new.
Every day holds the possibility of a miracle.
The surest way not to fail is to be determine to succeed.
Life is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, and absence to value presence.
"@Hilarious_Idiot: 
"@usabasketball: "It was an all-around team effort..." @KennethFaried35 
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the tree- J. Willard Marriott
"@usabasketball: “It’s the greatest feeling in the world right now...” - @KyrieIrving 
"@ForTheAthIetes: <OK HAND SIGN> 
"@TwlttterTrends: 10 Apple iWatch Features <FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR> 
Don't dwell in the past; because you've already been there. Just focus on the future since that is where you're heading.
Sometimes, it's best to keep quiet. Silence can say so much without you ever having to say a single word.
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
Life is like a camera....focus only on what is important and you will capture it perfectly.
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.–Francis Bacon
Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.–Benjamin Disraeli
“It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.” ― Paulo Coelho
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.” ― Robert A. Heinlein
Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others.
I am a patient listener, but opinionated to the point of stubbornness when my mind is made up. -Walt Disney
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
Show class, have pride, and display character. If you do, winning takes care of itself. -Paul Bryant
Lonely is not a feeling when you are alone. Lonely is a feeling when no one cares.
Psychology says, depression is often the result of over thinking, our minds create problems that initially didn't exist.
Yellow teeth are stronger, the natural color of our teeth is light yellow or grey. Whitening teeth can permanently weaken them!
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
Success happens to those who find positivity wherever they go.~Alex Kassan
No arsenal or no weapon in the arsenals of the world is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. - Ronald Reagan
“If you can’t explain it to a six year old, you don’t understand it yourself.” - Albert Einstein
Four is the only number that has the same amount of letters as its actual value
Forget what hurt you, but never forget what it taught you.
"@ItsLifeFact: 
Success is the reward of hard work, determination, and focus.
People kiss at weddings because kisses were used in ancient times to seal contracts.
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in everyday life. Sadness increases the urge to sleep more
The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude.–Dennis S. Brown
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
Respect yourself enough to know you deserve the very best.
If you want to really really succeed, you must have an appetite for winning.
People may not always tell you how they feel about you, but they will always show you.
Do something now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
"A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one." - Mary Kay Ash
A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.–Mae West
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
Virtue is a disposition, or habit, involving deliberate purpose or choice. - Aristotle
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Sometimes we keep our feelings to ourself, because we know nobody would ever understand.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
"@Saintly_Life: 
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to $$our own.
Laughter &amp; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &amp; Love as much as you breathe!
If you carry old bricks from your past relationship to your new one, you will build the same house that fell apart before.
Don't hide your imperfections. People aren't looking for perfection. They're looking for authenticity
A fake friend can cause much more damage to you than a real enemy.
A fake friend can cause much more damage to you than a real enemy. #iHQ
Let your past make you BETTER not BITTER.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. - Aristotle
Sometimes i wish i could read your mind. But then, i wonder if i could handle the truth.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Once you hurt someone, it will always be in the back of their mind, even if they still have a smile on their face.
"@ESPNNBA: Cavaliers add more veteran wing depth, officially sign @matrix31 to one-year deal. 
Never be afraid of change. You may lose something good, but you may gain something even better
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone
If you really put a small value upon yourself, rest assured that the world will not raise your price
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
Don't count the days, make the days count -Muhammad Ali
"The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destina...
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
Finish each day &amp; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo
“Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.” ― Paulo Coelho
Look at your problems as problems &amp; they'll continue to hold you down. See them as blessings in disguise &amp; that's what they truly become.
Live every day as if it's your last, embracing each experience as if it's your first.
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Virtue is a disposition, or habit, involving deliberate purpose or choice. - Aristotle
Anything I've ever done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death.–Betty Bender
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments front page has nothing but man's failures -Earl Warren
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads &amp; empty hearts can do that. -Norman Peale
"@OMGFunniest_: Nice catch! 
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” - Bob Marley
Sometimes you just got to be strong. It may hurt and you may shed a few tears, but everything is going to be alright.
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.” ― Albert Camus
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
Never get too attached to anyone unless they also feel the same towards you, because one sided expectations can mentally destroy you.
Respect blind people. Why? Because they judge others by their personality, not by their looks
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
"@JordanPornx: 
"Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get."
Forgiving someone is easy, but being able to trust them again is a totally different story.
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
"@nigeriantribune: Jonathan, Mark, Patience charges Falconets 
"@BestTextMsgs: so why worry? 
Mosquito repellents don't repel, they hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you are there.
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
Keep Calm, Head up, Stay strong, Fake a smile &amp; Move on.
Sometimes the thing we can't change end up changing us.
Never be upset that it didn't work out. Be glad that you learned something to make you better for the next time.
"Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." - Les Brown
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
Nobody deserves to be treated like an option.
"@diaryforteens: I've always wanted to be one of them <WEARY FACE><WEARY FACE> 
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. -John Wooden
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
Every struggle you had in your life shaped you into the person you are today. Be thankful for the hard times they can only make you stronger
"Celebrate what you want to see more of." - Thomas J. Peters
"You were placed on this earth to create not to compete." - Robert Anthony
Your success is your responsibility. How far you’ll go is completely in your hands
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
The desire to succeed is real, it is motivational, it is inspirational.
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored. -Bill Cartwright
An attitude of "whatever is convenient" won't accomplish very much. An attitude of "whatever it takes" is impossible to stop.
What makes some people important? It's not just the happiness you feel when you meet them. But it's the pain you feel when you miss them.
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
"@ItsQueenElsa: when you hear someone talking about Frozen in public 
Isn't it ironic: - We ignore the ones that adore us - Adore the ones who ignore us - Love the ones who hurt us - Hurt the ones that love us
Pray &amp; let God worry
Patience is not the ability to wait, but how you act while you're waiting.
It’s not about having the skill to do something. It’s about having the will, desire... - Robert Hernandez
Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, and dreams are forever.
He who doubts nothing knows nothing.
Make the rest of your life the best of your life.
Well done is better than well said.
Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values.–Mahatma Gandhi
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
If you actually want something, make an effort. Everything isn't just going to come to you.
Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it.
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." — Mark Twain
It's easy to forgive, but impossible to forget.
My problem is I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people, even when they don't deserve it.
"I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward." - Thomas Edison
Learn to let go. Not everyone in your life is meant to stay.
Stop waiting for the perfect moment. Take the moment you have and make it perfect.
What you become is far more important than what you get. What you get will be influenced by what you become.
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
"Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time." - Jim Rohn
“Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruellest words.” - Dr. Joyce Brothers
Virtue, as well as evil, lies in our power. - Aristotle
Sometimes people don't know what they have done to you. Forgive them. Pray for them. Don't hate them because it only hurts you
Give without remembering... Receive without forgetting.
There are blessings every day. Find them. Create them. Treasure them.
You'll never find the right things, If you don't let go of the wrong ones.
The brick walls aren't there to keep us out, the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something.
Negative people will always try to drag you down to their level. Love them but rise above them!
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. -John Wooden
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. -- Jamie Paolinetti
"@nigeriantribune: Building roads, houses in the stomach Politics of stomach infrastructure 
Sometimes you have to move backward to be able to muster enough momentum to get a good leap forward.
True love doesn’t mean being inseparable, it means being separated and nothing changes.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. -Aristotle
Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go
The worst bankruptcy in the world is the person who has lost their enthusiasm.–H. W. Arnold
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
"@WorIdComedy: RUSH HOUR 4 
"The greatest achievement is to outperform yourself." - Denis Waitley
There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, there are no limits.
Being rejected from something good just means you were being pointed toward something better.
I know everything happens for a reason, but sometimes i wish i knew what that reason was.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. -Willie Nelson
Find your strengths and bury your weaknesses.
Not all those who wander are lost.–J.R.R. Tolkien
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
Your past was never a mistake if you learned from it.
Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &amp; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
Always believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.
"Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value." - Jim Rohn
"Only you can control your future." - Dr. Seuss
"If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"A man with no imaginations has no wings." - Muhammad Ali
"The real leader has no need to lead; he is content to point the way." - Henry Miller
@GreatestQuotes: "We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
@uyiewekaus na so we c am
Things will come to those who wait...  but only the things left by those who hustle. -Abraham Lincon
"@Sheldon_Jokes: you are in my spot !! 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
"@nigeriantribune: Nigeria, US strengthen action against Boko Haram 
"@Conspiracyes: 10 COOLEST POP CULTURE NIKE SNEAKERS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; wooo I Like that Shoes!!! 
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. -Muhammad Ali
"@NewAppUS: 
“Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.” - Arnold Palmer
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” - André Gide
You have within you, right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” - Brian Tracy
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says “I’m Possible.” - Audrey Hepburn
“We are made to persist. That’s how we find out who we are.” -Tobias Wolff
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Success is the reward of hard work, determination, and focus.
Not everyone is meant to be in your future. Some people are just passing through to teach you lessons in life.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
Too many people go through life waiting for things to happen instead of making them happen.
The person who makes you happiest is also the person who can hurt you the most.
RESPECT is for those who DESERVE it, not for those who DEMAND it.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
"@OMGFunniest_: What a catch!!! 
"@woowimage: Sometimes life offers a second chance. 
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -Henry David Thoreau
"@TheQuotePics: consider this. 
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.–Lee Iaccoca
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.–Francis Bacon
Live each day as if it were your last and you'll develop a keen respect for opportunity.–Napoleon Hill
If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long.–Hayley Williams
You can’t hire someone else to do your push-ups for you.–Jim Rohn
Hard work doesn’t guarantee success, but improves its chances.–B. J. Gupta
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
@LoriannMaurita really
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
Keep Calm because the harder the life, the stronger you'll become. The stronger you become, the easier the life will be.
Tell someone they matter.
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
No matter how many mistakes you make, or how slow you progress- you’re still ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.
"@IntThings: How to tie this badass knot 
You were born an original, don't die a copy
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.” ― Aristotle
No one can be great, or good, or happy except through the inward efforts of themselves....
If you dont start appreciating what's right in front of you, you might lose it.
What you will allow is what will continue.
"@Earth_Picssss: The Most Amazing Sand Castles Ever Made  <WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX> 
@uyiewekaus where u dey?
A strong woman is one who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -Author Unknown
You become financially free when your passive income exceeds your expenses.–T. Harv Eker
To the people that have said. • I'm too small. • I'm not fast enough. • I don't have what it takes. • I'm not strong enough. THANK YOU
If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people. - Robert Heinlein
Age is of no importance unless you are a cheese.
You have 'Freedom of Speech' but 'Freedom after Speech', that I cannot guarantee" - Idi Amin
Life is a compromise between ur feelings and reality. At every stage you have to quit your feelings and accept the reality
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
"@NGTrends: NG Trends: World Cup 2014: Nigeria Vs Iran On Monday At 8pm - 
Don't love too soon. Don't trust too fast. Don't quit too early. Don't expect too high. Don't talk too much.
Change your thoughts &amp; you change your world. -Norman Vincent Peale
Don't judge. Behind every person, there's always a reason why they are the way they are.
The most memorable people in your life will be the ones who loved you when you weren't very lovable.
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
The past is behind, Learn from it. The future is ahead, Prepare for it. The present is here, Live it.
Don't be afraid to start over. It's a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
Pain makes you stronger. Fear makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
When you really love someone: age. miles. height. weight; are just numbers.
"@GirlNotes: When someone screenshots your snapchat 
God is the best listener. You don't need to shout nor cry out loud because he hears even the very silent prayer of a sincere heart.
"@UnusualFactPage: 
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come. -Michael Jordan
"The only words you'll regret more than the ones left unsaid are the one you use to intentionally hurt someone." -Taylor Swift
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we are here we might as well dance.
Success does not consist of never making mistakes, but in never making them a second time."
To have a successful life, you must have a successful mentality.
"Courage is the mastery of fear, not the absence of fear." - Mark Twain
"It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has. - Henry Ward Beecher
"Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote." - George Jean Nathan
"A government of laws and not of men." - John Adams
"The will to believe is perhaps the most powerful, but certainly the most dangerous human attribute." - John P. Grier
"Never cut what you can untie." - Joseph Joubert
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. -Richard Bach
"@NGTrends: NG Trends: Dora Akunluyi’s Corpse Arrives Nigeria This Week Husband confirms - 
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
"@AmazedByAnimals: A Tiger's Roar 
"@InspowerMinds: 
"@RoverPorn: As perfect as they come <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
I've failed over &amp; over &amp; over again in my life &amp; that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan
If you can't do great big things, do great little things.
"@woowimage: Years of Air Jordans; I love sneakers! 
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
"@MotivateAthIete: <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><FIRE><FIRE> 
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
He who passively accepts evil is as much involved in it as he who helps to perpetuate it. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Allow yourself to be a beginner. No one starts off being excellent.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
True motivation comes from within. No one can hand it to you, but no one can take it away, either.
"@ThisInspiresUs: 
Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &amp; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, living with regrets
"A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it, is committing another mistake." - Confucius
"@BrilliantPosts: <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> My dream 
"@InspowerBooks: 
"@AwkwardGoogle: Angry Birds 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -Anonymous
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Honestly, I'm glad I met everyone in my life. The good and the bad. The good make me thankful, the bad make me learn my lessons.
As you grow older, you realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones.
“We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.” - Tom Robbins
If you spend too long holding on to the one who treats you like an option, you'll miss finding the one who treats you like a priority
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
“When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.” - Donald Miller
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid.
"@AmazedByAnimals: 
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
Success isn't the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do and you work hard @ it you will be successful
A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your future.
It's easier to forgive an enemy than it is to forgive an friend.
Remember that life's best lessons are usually learned at the worst times and from the worst mistakes.
Do what makes you happy, be with someone who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Keep pushing yourself forward. Do whatever it takes. You'll soon leap over the final hurdle and land right where you want to be.
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people. -Audrey Hepburn
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies. -Arthur Calwell
When something bad happens you have three choices; You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
"Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you." - George R. R. Martin
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle." - Erin Majors
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
People come in and out of your life. Only the real ones stay.
Before you react, think. Before you quit, try.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want something different You Gotta do something different.–Nathaniel Williams
The best revenge is to move on, get over it, and continue to succeed. Never give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
The road to success is always under construction. -Larry Wall
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great." - Machiavelli
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try." - Beverly Sills
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move. -John Wooden
Bitterness is like drinking poison &amp; waiting for the other person to die. -Steve Ostten
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
"@MTN180: Hi Michael, please see details below: 
A life spent making mistakes is more honorable than a life spent doing nothing.
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
"What you allow is what will continue.”
Listen to people who encourage you to do what you know in your heart is right. You have one life to live. Live it your way!
The key to successful critical thinking is to first be critical of your own thinking. - Will Spencer
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -- teach yourself to be impatient. ~ Gurbaksh Chahal
Bad things are always gonna happen in life. People will hurt you. But you can't use that as an excuse to hurt someone back
It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
There are blessings every day. Find them. Create them. Treasure them.
It is not how much you do, but how much love you put into the doing that matters.–Mother Teresa
Once you've accepted your flaws no one can use them against you.
It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
"Life's Tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late." - Benjamin Franklin
Someone is praying for the things you take for granted.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart -- Robert Ingersoll
"You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life." - Winston Churchill
A person's life is what his thoughts make of it - Marcus Aurelius
If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you.
Limits like fears are often just an illusion. -Michael Jordan
"@WomanDoItAll: True. 
"All glory comes from daring to begin." - William Shakespeare
Too much homework can actually lead to stress, depression, and even lower grades.
"Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get." - Ray Kroc
In life, there are some people you're going to have to lose in order to find yourself.
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
"All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become."
"And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years."
"A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud." - Ralph Emerson
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein.
I believe that when we face challenges in life it's an opportunity to build on our faith, inner strength, &amp; courage. -Sasha Azevedo
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Don't promise when you're happy. Don't reply when you're angry. And don't decide when you're sad.
Don't ever be too impressed with goal setting. Be impressed with goal getting.
“Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.”
If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
Great relationships aren't built in a day - great relationships are built daily.
Missing someone is a part of loving them. If you're never apart, you'll never really know how strong your love is.
If you believe enough in the process SUCCESS will come to you. You just have to be willing to see it through to the END.
Only as high as u reach can u grow, only as far as u seek can u go, only as deep as u look can u see, only as much as u dream can u be.
The more alternatives, the more difficult the choice. -- Abbe' D'Allanival
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you.
Intelligent people are more likely to avoid conflict which explains why some people notice everything but choose to say nothing.
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.–Nishan Panwar
There is no "I" in team, but there is an "I" in win. -Michael Jordan
"@StellarQuotes: 
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
The worst person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
It's been scientifically proven that too many birthdays can kill you.
"When what we are is what we want to be, that's happiness." - Malcolm Forbes
If you want to feel good about yourself, you first have to give yourself something to feel good about. Actions define self perception.
Everybody wants happiness, and nobody wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow, without a little rain. - Zion Lee
Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks. - Waqar Ahmed
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
If you want to see the sun shine, you have to weather the storm. - Frank Lane
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. - Lou Holtz
Stand up for what you believe in, or sit down and be forced to conform! - Molly Kizziah
I never regretted my silence during an argument but I often regretted my speech.
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
"@OMGFunniest_: You can achieve anything 
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes a day. Wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit. - Elbert Hubbard
“When you do what you fear most, then you can do anything.” ― Stephen Richards
Some people come in your life as blessings, others come in your life as lessons..
"@LifeProAdvices: Rules of life 
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
I am the greatest; I said that even before I knew I was. -Muhammad Ali
Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of yours.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living- Nelson Mandela
"The only person who is truly holding you back is you. No more excuses, it's time to change. It's time to live life at a new level."
Waiting to develop courage is just another form of procrastination. The most successful people take action while they’re afraid!
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. -Betty Bender
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &amp; the wisdom to know the difference.
If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves. - Lane Kirkland
It won't come easy, you must work for it. Stop wishing, start doing.
As long as you are alive, anything is possible. The only valid excuse you have to give up is if you are dead. U Got breath, never give up.
"Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change."
Just because they look good, doesn't mean they are good for you.
"@TheseDamnQuote: All of me loves all of you. <TWO HEARTS> 
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. - Mark Twain
If you don't do stupid things while you're young, you'll have nothing to it about when you're old.
"@LikableShoes: 
Life is short. Do more of what really makes you happy.
Sometimes life isn't about meeting new people, it's about meeting the people you already know halfway.
People will doubt you, they'll tell you that you can't do things. Work hard, stay positive and let your success prove them wrong.
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit. ~James Allen
"@CUTE_RlNGS: Oh my... 
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence.
Don't waste time on revenge. The people who hurt you will eventually face their own karma.
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
"@SportsQuotient: #PokemoNBA 
“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.” - Albert Einstein
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - Oprah Winfrey
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
“I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.” - Abraham Lincoln
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. -Tim Duncan
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience -- Elbert Hubbard
Be humble in victory. Give God all the glory!
"@c0llegehacks: im never looking at Finding nemo the same..
"@Minions_lol: RT if you Agree 
"@TheWeirdWorld: Worry is.. 
"@MyBucktLists: Before i die i want to... 
"@TheWorldImages: Rolex Daytona covered in diamonds. £49k. 
The only time you should ever look back, is to see how far you've come.
Women are wicked. They will lay on ur chest and ask, "Honey have u ever cheated on me?" then wait for ur heart to beat fast.- uncle Saka
"@IPlay4God: Doesn't matter how talented you are... 
"Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." - Les Brown
It amazes me why students aren't allowed to talk to each other during examinations, when the question clearly says "discuss"
"@comedynolimit: 
Life is like a book. Every day is a new page. Every month is a new chapter. Every year is a new series...
Sometimes the best thing to say is nothing, some people are not even worth your words.
A great relationship is based on two main principles. First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences.
Red roses symbolise love. Yellow, friendship. Dark pink, gratitude. Orange, desire. Peach, appreciation. White, purity
QUOTE: "In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. -Martin Luther King Jr
You are confined only by the walls you build for yourself.
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
"@umfuckno: Bae: Come Over  Me: I gotta watch the house Bae: I'm Horny.. Me: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@TheWorldImages: Amazing snow sculpture! 
The richest human that ever lived was Mansa Musa I,former King of Mali. He was worth US$400 billion and his Grandson finished all the money!
I can not do everything, but I can do something. I must not fail to do the something I can do. - Helen Keller
Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you.
"Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity." - H. Jackson Brown
"Don't set your goals too low. If you don't need much, you won't become much." - Jim Rohn
"Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret." - Lawrence J. Peter
“Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
"Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what.” - Spryte Loriano
"Many people have ideas on how others should change; few people have ideas on how they should change." - Leo Tolstoy
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, “Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.” - Muhammad Ali
“Destiny is not a matter of chance; it’s a matter of choice.” - Anonymous
“To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.” - Bruce Lee
“You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might.” - Henry David Thoreau
"@GirlNotes: Snapchat game too strong 
"@Dappyboy0489: RIP Ultimate warrior 
"@WeaponPictures: Custom Glock by Salient Arms International 
Sympathy is feeling pity for someone without getting involved. Empathy is understanding and sharing how they're feeling.
PAIN is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that barks. - Winston Churchill
"@ReallyHighIdeas: Blue dream 
"@OutfitsHeaven: in love with this pair of sport shoe <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️ 
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
Showers are amazing. They make you feel nice and clean, make u sound like a professional singer, and help you make all of life's decisions
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it,but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missin until it arrives
Sometimes opportunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.
Learn from the past, live for today, work for the future.
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
Our lives begin to end the moment we become silent about things that matter *Martin Luther King*
A life making mistakes is not only honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
Strangers can become best friends just as easily as best friends can become strangers.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
"@ElegantClothes: Michael Kors <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
"@ElegantClothes: Gold Michael Kors <WOMAN WITH BUNNY EARS> 
"@QuoteBeauties: I miss.... 
"@iBelieveInFts: <COLLISION SYMBOL>AB EXERCISES TO TAKE YOUR TRAINING TO THE NEXT LEVEL<COLLISION SYMBOL> 
"@TheBeautifulCar: Matte Ferarri 458 
The best revenge is to move on, get over it, and continue to succeed. Never give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
"@TheLuxuryThings: Pink Lamborghini for wifey. 
Ladies If GARRI fit sell pass INDOMIE after all the adverts, who told you dat you must dress nude or indecently just to get married?
"@EssentialFact: Lick It GOOD 
"@BestBedrooms: Wow awesome! 
"@iGirlfriendtipz: <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS> 
"@CUTE_RlNGS: <GEM STONE> 
Success is about having, excellence is about being. Success is having money &amp; fame, but excellence is being the best you can be
"@TheWorldStories: Madagascar Moon Moth 
"@Menfashioncraze: 
When you give up, you let go of hope. When you let go of hope, you have nothing left to hold onto. So never give up !
"@LovLikeJesus: Amen 
"@NikeCIothing: 
"@NikeCIothing: 
Sometimes we need to be hurt in order to grow, fail in order to know, lose in order to gain. Some lessons are learned best through pain.
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
As long as you are going to be thinking anyway, think big. -- Donald Trump
It is our thoughts that really dictate the way we feel, so why not choose thoughts that make you feel amazing?
Happiness is something that you are and it comes from the way you think. -- Wayne Dyer
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Don't let your fear of the past affect the presence of your future. Live for what tomorrow has to bring, not what yesterday has taken away.
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. -Ross Perot
Always be kinder than you feel.
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein"
"@husoowtjj: 
"@monkeydontcare: Love this picture. 
You can't blame them for walking away if you didn't do enough to make them stay.
Your body makes you sexy. Your smile makes you pretty. But your personality makes you beautiful.
"@WhatMoneyBuys_: GTR <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.” - J.K. Rowling
Everything great begins with something insignificant.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose
Don't spend today worrying why yesterday was bad. Spend it planning on how to make tomorrow better.
"@MLB: Happy greets us at Papi's house. #PapiAllAccess 
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
Setting a good example is a far better way to spread ideals than through force of arms. - Ron Paul
Ask yourself what is really important and then have the courage to build your life around your answer.
Don't let yourself be controlled by three things: People, money and your past experiences.
"@TheRichPeopIe: Rt if you want to be rich. 
"@coolfunnyqutos: Finally!  Miley Cyrus goes Topless. See here: 
The sun won't shine until you put the umbrella away.
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out.
You can judge a lot about a person's character by what they laugh at.
"When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves." - Confucius
The man who does not read GOOD BOOKS has no advantage over the man who can't read them. -Mark Twain
"@AutoWorId: Bentley 
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
Gossip always destroys you more than the person you're talking about. Speak in love or not at all.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
No matter how long you have travelled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
"@TheQuotePics: When a.... 
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.
"Everyone has challenges and lessons to learn - we wouldn't be who we are without them." -Sean Combs
Spiritual maturity isn't measured by how high you jump in praise but how straight you walk in obedience.
"@AmazingTiming: Smeared skies, Lake Ontario, Canada 
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Set your goals high. And don't stop climbing until you're on top.
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness or the cause of your pain
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
Fear is what stops you, courage is what keeps you going.
@TejuComedian @BoviCOMEDIAN na ur dead body d ashowo go bow 4 @TejuComedian
Do what you think is right, not what people think is right. In the end, it's you who go through it, not them.
That past does not equal the future. Becos u failed yesterday, doesn't mean anything. All that matters: What are u going to do, right now?
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome
In our lives we must accept that our self worth isn't determined by anyone else but ourselves
"@AmazingTiming: We are a family 
Turn your cant's into cans and your dreams into plans.
SUCCESS is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. -Robert Collier
"@Theelaugh: 
"@TheWordsPorn: Pay attention.... 
It's okay to struggle, but it's never okay to give up on yourself.
When a person cries, and the first drop of tears comes from the right eye, it is happiness. If it's from the left, it's pain.
"Always, when leaders say that the people are not following, it's the leaders who are lost, not the people" Hmm. So apt it makes one think
Your alarm will be more effective at waking you up in the morning if it's the same tone as your ring tone
They called it "twins" instead of "born one and get one free"
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the air plane takes off against the wind, not with it" - Henry Ford
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
My silence doesn't mean that I quit. It simply means that I don't want to argue with people who just don't want to understand.
"@YourLifesTweets: 
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen -- Oliver Wendell Holmes
"@DanielQuinnx: Best day ever! 
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
"@itsmovies: Frozen taught us... 
"@BiIlionaires: White R8 <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><MONEY BAG> 
"@LifeLimits: Live a life with purpose, 
He who asks the question is a fool for a minute; he who does not is a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb
I do not workout to add days to my life, I workout to add life to my days.
"@Addictd2Success: “If you think you’re too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.”"
Decide what it is you want, write it down, review it constantly, and each day do something that moves you toward those goals.
"@Addictd2Success: Robert Kiyosaki's Wisdom 
"@Addictd2Success: We all have a choice :) 
"@TheWorldStories: so sweet 
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble - Frank Tyger
Success is the prize for those who stand true to their ideas. -Josh S. Hinds
@DumbLawz: By law, if a man promises to marry an unmarried woman, the marriage must take place. (South Carolina)
Keep pushing yourself forward. Do whatever it takes. You'll soon leap over the final hurdle and land right where you want to be.
He told you that you are the only flower in his garden. Which garden has only one flower. Are you a LEARNER ?
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons.
"@Roompedia: Amazing bedroom &lt;3 
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people. -Audrey Hepburn
"@UsefuILifeTips: Everything in life happens for a reason! 
I'm going to smile like nothing is wrong, talk like everything is perfect, act like it's all a dream, and pretend like it's not hurting me
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money - John Ruskin
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
Good things come to those who wait... Better things come to those who don't give up... and the best things come to those who believe.
You can teach people Math, Science, History, Philosophy and so on but you can’t teach them Common Sense.
"@Bucks: The Bucks Battle The Champs Tonight! Gameday Preview - 
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Which do you want: The ugly truth or The pretty lie?
"@richIifestyle: Retweet if you want a yacht <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
"@TheWorldStories: when autumn meets winter.. 
There's a light at the end of every tunnel, keep moving.
"You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
The sky isn't always blue, the sun doesn't always shine, so it's okay to fall apart sometimes.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them ~ Michael Jordan
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. ~ Michael Jordan
True strength is keeping everything together when everyone expects you to fall apart.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
No relationship is perfect, but within an imperfect relationship you can still find perfect happiness
If you're not brave enough to take the first step, then you'll never know how far you can go
"Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." - Samuel Johnson
"@Powerful_Pix: Monsters Inc. 
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill
"@NiceeCars: McLaren V8 
Believe in yourself and others will too.
"Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him" - James Allen
Life is like a camera....focus only on what is important and you will capture it perfectly.
Be strong now, because it will get better. It may be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
"@HeaIthTip: Why you should eat fruit 
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage - Jack Nicholson
"@ReallyNiceCarss: All black Maserati. 
"@theBestOfCars: Blacked out Mercedes 
Don't forget, unless you try to do something beyond your comfort zone, you will never grow.
I am perfect in my imperfections and strong in my weaknesses
"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie
"What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?" - George Eliot
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
"@PitbuIIs: 
"@T_RAV_4real: #NeverForget 
"@USATODAY: Quotes about life and living, in honor of Women's History Month: 
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Every story has an end,but in life every end is just a new beginning.
"@JazzyClarks: I would get arrested on purpose just to ride in that sexy thing. 
When a mosquito lands on ur testicles, you'll realise that there's always a way to solve problems without violence
"Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up" - Thomas Edison
It's simple.. Never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you.
We have three types of friends in life: friends for a reason, friends for a season, and friends for a lifetime.
"@FlTmotivation: 
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
"@FollowEinstein: Smile please.. 
"@OffroadUSA: #chevy 
If you love someone, tell them. For hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
"God will take care of what you go through. You take care if how you go through it."- Zig Ziglar
"@TheZigZiglar: Let your past make you better..not bitter. #teamziglar"
"@TheZigZiglar: "The chief cause of failure and unhappiness is trading what you want must for what you want now."- Zig Ziglar"
"@Stayin_Fit: NEED! 
"@Oprah_World: You are what you do, not what you say you'll do."
"@ThislsMeWhen: When there's no food in the refrigerator 
"@CashCanBuyy: Take me here. <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><OK HAND SIGN> 
"@perfectIytimed: Love!!! 
"@coolfunnyqutos: All generalizations are false, including this one. Mark Twain"
"@WisdomyQuotes: "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson"
"@Addictd2Success: The ones who say "you can't" and "you won't" are probably the ones that are scared that you will."
"@ShoePictures: 
"@BILLlONAlRE: This Lambo #amazing 
"@KenndrickLamar: Don’t be the girl who needs a man, be the girl a man needs."
"@coolfunnyqutos: Tomorrow always offer you second chance: 
"@Room_Porn: RT if you want this backyard 
"@Cosmopolitan: 19 bride commandments that every woman ON THIS PLANET should abide by: 
"@AIlAboutLove: Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth."
"@RobbyGreer: 
"@RobbyGreer: The essence of faith... #MartinLutherKing 
"@RobbyGreer: Love.. #Buddha 
"@RobbyGreer: One good thing about music... #BobMarley 
"@RobbyGreer: "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti"
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." - Henry Ford (1863-1947)
"@RobbyGreer: "Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." - Henry Ford (1863-1947)"
- Socrates…
"@DavidRoads: Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. -Betty Smith"
"@Fit_Motivator: Don't stop when it hurts, stop when you're done!"
"@LeadershipCures: Either you run the day, or the day runs you. Jim Rohn #leadership"
"@StellarQuotes: "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain"
"@TheWordsPorn: I love this <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS> 
"@EarthBeauties: Bedroom and a pool with a view. RT if you would love to be here right now! 
"@AthletesRelate1: 
"@utahjazz: Derrick Favors Postgame  Watch: 
"@LayGiri: Discipline will get you everywhere!"
"@thequote: Art is self expression. If you are expressing someone else’s personality, that is not art. - Bernie Wallace"
For attractive lips, speak words of kindness. For lovely eyes, seek out the good in people. -Audrey Hepburn
"@AgwuComedy: Money comes like a snail, and leaves like a cheetah"
It's terrible to lose someone we love, but it's even worse to lose ourselves while loving them.
A friend is someone who knows all about you but likes you anyway.
"@FamousWomen: Forgive youself and forgive others. 
"@nyknicks: .@T_HardJR shooting from deep! #Knicks looking for their 8th straight win tonight in Philly. 
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
"@PrimeTimeLewis: Every morning you have two choices: stay asleep with your dreams, or wake up and chase them..."
"@TheWorldStories: Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil 
"@latimesbiz: Agile, responsive, easy to ride: Triumph Tiger Explorer XC 
"@HeaIthFacts: Laziness fuels more laziness. Activity fuels more activity."
@anewnigeria we hope so,but we can only be certain until u r in govt
"@secretsfact: Men have nipples because everyone is a female until the Y chromosome kicks in. You were all girl embryos."
"@iRealMacklemore: Life is too short to be stressed up with those people who even don't deserve to be an issue in your life."
"@GreatestQuotes: "Great acts are made up of small deeds." - Lao Tzu"
"@SimplyMeID: Expect the bullshit, but NEVER accept it."
"@TheWordsPorn: when everyone's texting u except bae 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: 
"@WisdomyQuotes: "When the need to succeed is as bad as the need to breathe, then you’ll be successful." - Eric Thomas"
"@NikeCIothing: Retweet if you want these! 
"@DamnRealPosts: i'm all yours 
"@ImThatGentleman: Life has so many different chapters. One bad chapter does not mean it's the end of the book."
"@ComediansJokes: “Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go” - Oscar Wilde"
"@WeHadTOGETHER: I don't want anyone else to have your heart, kiss your lips, or be in your arms. I don't want anyone to take my place."
"@BestOldtimers: 1963 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray 
"@Sports_Greats: 1) Work your hardest. 2) Dream your biggest. 3) Be your greatest."
"@dalepartridge: Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful."
"@ImThatGentleman: Just because one person doesn't seem to care for you, doesn't mean you should forget about everyone else who does."
"@fitness_maseo: Fat isn't permanent, neither is being unhealthy. Your choices reflect your results."
"@Inspire_Us: The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they make the best of everything."
"@ComediansJokes: 
"@ComediansJokes: 
 - Rabindra…
"@thequote: Raise your head. Please don't give up, its a bend, not the end. - Samuel Amoo"
"@thequote: It is easy to be proud &amp; harsh &amp; selfish - so easy. But we have been created for better things. - Mother Teresa"
"@lamKobeBryant: It doesn't matter where you've been, what matters is where you're going."
"@BiIlionaires: Gold Mercedes! <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><MONEY BAG> 
"@TheWorldImages: Leave a message for your loved one in the morning with this Chalk Board Mug! 
"@TheWorldImages: Everyone's dream 
"@HilariousEdited: Deep and inspirational 
"@OnTheWayTo: On my way to fuck your bitch 
"@SingleGayLife: Some people will never understand your life. That's okay. You're here to live your life, not to make everyone understand."
"@thefacts_world: Erotomania is a type of delusion in which the affected person believes that another person is in love with him or her."
"@FamousWomen: Some days you just have to create your own sunshine."
"@funnyortruth: As we get older, we start to realize that when it comes to friends, we choose quality, not quantity."
"@LeadershipCures: One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. - Michael Korda #leadership #quote"
"@thequote: Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated - day in and day out. - Robert Collier"
"@thequote: People often say that motivation doesn't last.  Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. - Zig Ziglar"
"@BestOldtimers: Porsche 356 Speedster 
 How to Enter --<DOWNWARDS BLACK ARROW>️
• RETWEET<BALLOT BOX WITH CHECK>️
• MUST BE FOLLOWING
• Winner will be Dm at 5k followers 
"@DavidRoads: Be a voice, not an echo."
"@BestOldtimers: 1955 Maserati A6GCS Spider 
"@FactsAboutBoys: <MAN AND WOMAN HOLDING HANDS><KISS><OK HAND SIGN> 
"@LifeCheates: Remember the difference between a boss and a leader... A boss says "Go" A leader says "Let's go""
"@jgonzalez775: Great is YOUR faithfulness! 
"@ImThatGentleman: The longer you let fear control the choices you make, the longer you’ll stay in the same spot"
"@famousquotenet: It is more important that innocence be protected than it is that guilt be punished. - John Adams"
"@TheFacts1O1: #wisdom 
"@DavidRoads: Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be."
"@AdmireMyQuote: No matter how much it hurts now, one day you will look back and realize it changed your life for the better."
"@StellarQuotes: "You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey"
"@lmKendrickLamar: The people that still focus on their past wont ever move on."
"@ILuxuryy: Dream Backyard 
"@Quote_Soup: A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. - Eleanor Roosevelt"
"@FamousWomen: Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace."
"@Epic_Women: Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines."
"@FactSoup: Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people."
"@AthIetesForGod: The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton"
"@HeaIthTip: I wish this was my house.. 
"@BILLlONAlRES: Retweet if you want this bedroom! <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><MONEY BAG> 
"@Sports_Greats: Sports is the toy department of life. -Jimmy Cannon"
"@dalepartridge: What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective"
"@famousquotenet: Politics is the conspiracy of the unproductive but organized against the productive but unorganized. - Joseph Sobran"
"@WeaponCentral: UMP .45 with silencer 
"@TheWorldStories: Wonderful 
"@famousquotenet: Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. - Robert Heinlein"
"@Addictd2Success: Stay Positive :) 
"@Addictd2Success: “Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings &amp; emotions”"
"@Addictd2Success: "Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.""
"@DavidRoads: Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa"
"@BestProFacts: Three Simple Rules of Life 
"@FactsAboutBoys: this is what love really is… <FACE THROWING A KISS><SPARKLING HEART><BEATING HEART> 
"@AminaBabyy: Real!! Respect yourself by respecting others <VICTORY HAND>️ 
"@CompleteSports: FIFA U17 Women's W/cup: FT Nigeria 2 - 1 China"

#SelfCare ht…
"@ImThatGentleman: I learned to... 
"@dalepartridge: Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next."
"@enjoyabIe: Laugh when you can. Cry when you need to. Scream when you want to. Apologise when you should. And love when it feels right."
"@QuotesRaining: 15 Comic Book Villains That Need Their Own Movies =&gt; 
"@DavidRoads: The only person you should strive to be better than, is the person you were yesterday."
"@Sports_HQ: The difference between excellence and mediocrity is commitment."
"@SpeakComedy: Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are."
"@Movlemessages: "Our choices are what make us who we are. We always have the choice to do what's right." - Spiderman 3."
"@dalepartridge: Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will."
"@Inspire_Us: Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ."
"@Inspire_Us: You'll never find the RIGHT person if you never let go of the WRONG one."
"@Inspire_Us: When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust."
"@Inspire_Us: We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are."
 - Helen Keller
"@LipBlTING: They asked me what I see in you, I smile, and say nothing, because I don't want them to fall in love with you too."
"@DavidRoads: Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones."
"@ihatequotes: The only thing that makes it a big part of your life is that you keep thinking about it."
"@Sports_Greats: PAIN is temporary. Quitting lasts forever."
"@itsmovies: 
"@AwesomityFun: i show my affection to my friends by gently bullying them"
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain." - Vivian Greene
"@WisdomyQuotes: "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain." - Vivian Greene"
"@FunnySayings: do u ever have the urge to tell someone to shut the fuck up even when they arent talking"
"@WeAdoreSummer: 100 Days Until Summer!! <BLACK SUN WITH RAYS><BIKINI><HIBISCUS> 
"@GreatJayGatz: The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted."
"@ihatequotes: Mistakes are almost always forgivable if you have the courage to admit them."
"@iQuoteComedy: Women are like police , they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession."
"@lafforfact: If you must lie, be brief that's why adverts don't take long"..."
"@mr_nomoreloss: Its those ones who know you least that spread the worst rumours!"
"@ShutUpBlTCH: Focus on what matters and let go of what doesn't.."
"@lMAGlNATIONS: don't judge me for things i did a few seconds ago ive changed since then"
"@famousquotenet: It doesn't matter how smart you are unless you stop and think. - Thomas Sowell"
"@FactsAboutBoys: exactly<HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 
"@ESPNNBA: Spurs keep rolling, blow out Lakers to win 9th straight. BOX SCORE: 
"@LifeLimits: True love is like a fine wine, the older the better. - Fred Jacob"
"@Ed_Coburn3: Conscience and reputation are two things. Conscience is due to yourself, reputation to your neighbour, -- Saint Augustine"
"@ItsLifeFact: &lt;3 
"@Oprah_World: A life spent making mistakes is more honorable than a life spent doing nothing."
"@lafforfact: When people say they can't see anything good in you, hug them because life can be very difficult for the Blind.."
"@Paul_O_Williams: Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision. ~ Peter F. Drucker"
"@Quote_Soup: It is better to look ahead &amp; prepare than to look back &amp; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee"
"@TimElmore: You can do anything, but you can't do everything. // right on Tim!"
"@onome_tsb: “Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.” ― Horace Mann #Greed"
"@onome_tsb: “Greed is a fat demon with a small mouth and whatever you feed it is never enough.” ― Janwillem van de Wetering #Greed"
"@Globe_Pics: 
"@Ed_Coburn3: An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. -- Mahatma Gandhi"
"@Fit_Motivator: No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change. -Bill Phillips"
 - Dale Carnegie
"@ThatBucketList: I need to take a vacation here <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
"@QouteMyHeart: To whom it may concern 
"@thesportsphotos: "You can't win unless you learn to lose."  -Kareem Abdul Jabbar 
"@ThatBucketList: Before I die, I want to 
"@Saintly_Life: Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil."
"@TheseDamnQuote: 
"@coolfunnyqutos: 50 Best Pokémon Of All Time =&gt; 
 - Andrew Ca…
but expecting the worst.
"@IncredibleViews: In life... 
"@mindtexts: This is what a blue glowing coconut octopus looks like! 
"@ep3rez: "A goal properly set is halfway reached." - Zig Ziglar"
"@BeyonceExplicit: Worst feeling in the world is knowing you did the best you could, and it still wasn't good enough."
"@damnlifepics: Giraffe just finished drinking. 
"@247WallSt: Obama delivers plug on "Between Two Ferns," avoids press: 
"@thefactguide: Memories aren’t always reliable… the things we remember are often altered by our emotions."
 - Robert K…
"@thequote: It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny"
 - Vince Lombardi
"@thequote: Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson"
 - Nelson Mandela
"@Quote_Soup: If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes. - St. Clement"
"@thequote: A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away. - Barry Goldwater"
"@Ed_Coburn3: One man with courage makes a majority. -- Andrew Jackson"
"@DavidRoads: The moment you're ready to quit is usually the moment right before the miracle happens."
"@SimpleLoveTweet: You don’t drown by falling in the water. You drown by staying there."
"@LlFEandLOVE: This <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 
"@WisdomyQuotes: "Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway." - John Wayne"
- Jim Rohn
"@WisdomyQuotes: "I do not exist to impress the world. I exist to live my life in a way that will make me happy." - Richard Bach"
- Teddy Roosevelt
"@GooglePics: 
"@TheBeautifulCar: Matte black m3 
@TheBeautifulCar @ImThatGentleman
"@Epic_Women: Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things."
"@WhatsAboutTown: RT and Follow to Win these fab sample bangles ends Midday Friday 14th MARCH #win #competition 

One bad chapter
does not mean
it's the end of the book.
"@WorIdView: Seychelles 
"@denvernuggets: The Phonz v. The Mailman #8over1 
 - Edgar Watson Howe
"@thequote: Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation. - D. Elton Trueblood"
"@Sports_Greats: When you feel like quitting: think about why you started."
"@funtexts: Stop thinking too much 
"@penthome: Free Eye Test. If you don't see 2 pigs and a piglet, you need glasses and mind cleansing. 
"@TheComedyHumor: I don't insult people, I describe them."
"@TheWorldImages: Honey.. 
"@FactsAboutBoys: #DearFutureHusband <RING><GEM STONE><RING> 
"@Ed_Coburn3: A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience -- Elbert Hubbard"
"@FuckingMyLlFE: You can't be in control and in love at the same time. Love makes you vulnerable."
"@EdwardCullenID: Accept what you can't change, and change what you can't accept."
"@FactsAboutBoys: the fastest way to get over someone: <INFORMATION DESK PERSON><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><DANCER> 
"@LifeCheates: One of the best ways to achieve your goals is to surround yourself with people who have dreams, goals, and ambition."
"@YourLifesTweets: Worrying is a waste of time 
"@LifeProAdvices: Rules of life 
"@Addictd2Success: Stay Positive :) 
"@Addictd2Success: Do it! :) 
"@Addictd2Success: There is no shortage of dreamers, only a shortage of people doing what it takes to make their dreams come true."
"@Addictd2Success: Stop worrying :) 
"@GirIFacts: 
"@FitnessIife: Five high calorie drinks to avoid on Spring Break 
"@thequote: Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it. - Katharine Whitehorn"
"@Ed_Coburn3: A proverb is the wisdom of many and the wit of one, -- John Russell"
"@FactsAboutBoys: #DearFutureHusband <RING><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><HIBISCUS> 
"@SimplyMeID: Giving up is failure. As long you keep trying, you are not a failure."
"@Oprah_World: Some people come in your life as blessings, others come in your life as lessons."
"@Wize_Quotes: People never change. They just become more of who they really are."
"@Males_Thoughts: Under Armour hit Nike with the subtweet 
"@WisdomyQuotes: "We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true." - Dennis Waitley"
- Ilka Chase
"@PromProposaIs: Can never go wrong with roses #Promposal <ROSE> 
"@CuteTxts: No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes."
"@AgwuComedy: Women are so jealous, I bet Eve counted Adams ribs everyday to see if another woman had been created."
"@FUCKtheBULLSHlT: Don’t rush anything. When the time is right, it’ll happen."
"@Epic_Women: Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love."
"@blowingfact: Floating water park 
"@Dappyboy0489: -__- 
"@Sports_Greats: The game is my wife. It demands loyalty &amp; responsibility, &amp; it gives me back fulfillment &amp; peace. -Michael Jordan"
"@WisdomyQuotes: "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." - Mahatma Gandhi"
"@WisdomyQuotes: "All great achievements have one thing in common - people with a passion to succeed." - Pat Cash"
"@WeAdorePuppies: meet Cooper <DOG FACE> 
- Bob Kerrey
"@LifeFacts: Don't lower your standards to 'keep' anyone, if they're not making you happy, it's time to find someone who does."
"@CENTRALFACTS: Never force anything. Give it your best shot, then let it be. If its meant to be, it will be"
"@Ed_Coburn3: To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail.-Abraham Maslow"
"@LifeFacts: There comes a point when you have to stop beating yourself up over mistakes that you've made."
"@thequote: The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard"
"@DavidRoads: Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka"
"@FactsOfSchool: When I'm loud, people tell me to be quiet, but when I'm quiet, people ask me what's wrong with me."
"@AdorableWords: when someone unfollows me <SMIRKING FACE> 
"@BestProAdvice: If you pour the right way, it won't splash 
"@BestProHealth: 
"@TurntFessions: Who can relate? 
"@planomike: If you only look at what is, you might never attain what could be. - Anonymous"
"@soteenpost: Yes <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> 
"@Facts_guide: It's much easier to give advice than to take it."
Talent is not enough
"@kiskypussy69: 
"@SimpIyLove: Disney Kisses <FACE THROWING A KISS><KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES> 
"@ImThatGentleman: Expect the best but be prepared for the worst."
"@UnrevealedFacts: Our memories aren't that reliable. What we remember is usually altered by our emotions and other thoughts at that time."
"@LlFEandLOVE: This <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 
"@Ed_Coburn3: I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not. -- Kurt Cobain"
"@ohteenposts: I love Ellen <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
"@AthIetesForGod: Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a permanent attitude. -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
"@Quote_Soup: Even fools seem smart when they are quiet. -Proverbs 17:28"
"@NollywoodInsidr: Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections."
"@AthIeteFitness: Be strong in body, clean in mind, lofty in ideals. -James Naismith"
"@LovLikeJesus: Sometimes, our greatest strengths can be found while trusting God through our greatest obstacles."
"@TheFactsBook: When an ant gets too drunk, his fellow comrade will carry him back to the nest to sleep off the alcohol."
"@InspowerBooks: It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance. -Shania Twain"
"@InspowerBooks: There are no mistakes in life, just lessons."
"@ImThatGentleman: If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she is the one."
"@ImThatGentleman: My problem is I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people, even when they don't deserve it."
"@ImThatGentleman: I just need a day off from reality, just a day without people, problems, and all the bullshit that runs through my mind"
"@TeamAthleteLife: The only people who never fail are those who never try."
"@UnrevealedFacts: Over thinking improves reaction time and enhances a person’s ability to sense impending doom and danger."
"@Ed_Coburn3: A woman is like a tea bag- you never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water. -- Eleanor Roosevelt"
"@AgwuComedy: If you cry everyday in your relationship, sit down, take a breath and ask yourself "am I dating a human or an Onion?""
"@lnternetPics: Disney. <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><OK HAND SIGN> 
"@BoviCOMEDIAN: TEACHER: Why do we have different types of Blood Groups?.. AKPOS: So the Mosquitoes can enjoy different flavors"
"@Ed_Coburn3: Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it, -- Colin Powell"
"@Ed_Coburn3: There isn't a person anywhere who isn't capable of doing more than he thinks he can. -- Henry Ford"
"@Inspire_Us: You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back."
"@RihannaBlTCH: Don't lie to people who trust you, &amp; Don't trust people who lie to you. Simple as that."
"@Addictd2Success: "The difference between who you are and what you want to be, lies in what you do. Aim for greatness, never settle.""
"@Addictd2Success: "No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.""
"@Addictd2Success: "Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." - Jim Rohn"
"@TheComedyHumor: Dear MATH, grow up and solve your own damn problems."
"@SillyLawz: Pinching a girl’s bottom is permitted by law. (Italy)"
"@GirlsBooklet: A smile can mean a thousand words, but it can also hide a thousand problems."
"@FactsAboutBoys: so true <OK HAND SIGN><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 
"@ChiIIVlbes: Basically <OK HAND SIGN> 
"@mindtexts: If a single teacher can’t teach us all the subjects, then they shouldn’t expect a single student to learn all the subjects."
"@thequote: Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.  - John Quincy Adams"
"@mindtexts: You are responsible for your own happiness. If you expect others to make you happy, you will always be disappointed."
"@lamKobeBryant: Goals + Actions = Results"
"@dalepartridge: Do something today that your future self will thank you for."
- Albert Einstein
- Alice Walker
- Tony Robbins
- Jim Rohn
- Ray Kroc
- Emily P. Bissell
We are "God people" mostly because we ve bad government
"@AthIeteFitness: If you do the work you get rewarded. There are no shortcuts in life. -Michael Jordan"
"@DavidRoads: The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr."
"@DavidRoads: Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings."
"@DavidRoads: The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything."
"@DavidRoads: In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different."
"@CENTRALFACTS: You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less."
"@AthletesGlory: 
"@InspowerBooks: Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks"
@TejuComedian @BoviCOMEDIAN guy if u live in a glass house don't throw stones
"@FemaleTexts: Don't make promises when you're happy. Don't make decisions when you're angry."
"@AfricanSpotligh: Centenary: We must be inspired by our past to overcome the obstacles we face in the present - GEJ"
"@ItsLifeFact: Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak, sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go."
"@Its_Funny_Truth: Step outside of your comfort zone. Never stop learning. Never stop growing."
"@RealMeganF0X: Just because a person smiles all the time, doesn't mean their life is perfect."
"@neverknownfacts: Amazing cleaner jelly 
"@Thegooglefactz: Never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you."
"@NoFeeIings: There's a big difference between giving up, and knowing when you've had enough."
"@iRealMacMiller: If your relationship status says, "It's complicated" maybe you should stop kidding yourself and change it to "Single"."
"@famousquotenet: A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein"
"@fitness_maseo: Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again. This time, more intelligently."
"@lKeepItReaI: The woman who invented the phrase "All guys are the same" was a chinese woman who lost her husband in a crowd in China."
"@LifeFacts: The harder the life, The stronger you'll become. The stronger you become, The easier the life will be."
"@Thegooglefactz: If its called common sense, why is it so rare?"
"@crazzyfact: Apologizing does not always mean you are wrong. It just means that you value your relationships more than your ego."
- Ryan Robbins
- Patanjali
- Brian T…
"@StellarQuotes: "It always seems impossible until it's done."  - Nelson Mandela"
"@StellarQuotes: "The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb"
- Beverly Sills
- Sean Stephenson
 - Benjamin Franklin
-Unknown
- Tony Robbins
- Unknown
- William James
- Robert Anthony
- Jerry Rice
"@StellarQuotes: "There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Aristotle"
- Zig Z…
- George Addair
"@StellarQuotes: "A diamond with a flaw is preferable to a common stone with none." - Chinese Proverb"
- Robin Sharma
"@StellarQuotes: "Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others." - Jeremy Lin"
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
- Mahatma Gandhi
- Robert H. Schuller
- Sugar Ray Robinson
- Rev Run
- Unknown
- Dolly Parton
"@StellarQuotes: "The vision to see, the faith to believe, and the will to do will take you anywhere you want to go."
"@StellarQuotes: "You may delay, but time will not." - Benjamin Franklin"
"@ImThatGentleman: Don't confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are."
"@lMAGlNATIONS: Permanently stuck between ”I really want to talk to you” and “I don’t want to annoy you”."
 - Jane Austen
 - Mark Twain
"@thequote: My idea of good company is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation. - Jane Austen"
"@thequote: No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is. - Irvin Himmel"
"@thequote: Fantasy is the impossible made probable. Science fiction is the improbable made possible. - Rod Sterling"
 - Will Smith
"@thequote: Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it. - Henry David Thoreau"
 - Anthony D…
"@thequote: Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized. - Albert Einstein"
"@mindtexts: Just because a person doesn't talk about their problems doesn't mean they don't have any."
"@KenndrickLamar: Relationships fall apart because of trust issues, insecurity issues, &amp; communication issues."
"@LifeCheates: Never base your life decisions on advice from people who don't have to deal with the results of your decisions"
"@InspowerBooks: You can't base your life on other people's expectations. -Stevie Wonder"
"@KinkySexTweets: Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't"
"@FUCKlNG_PERFECT: Sometimes I wish I could read your mind. But then, I wonder if I could handle the truth."
If a little kid shoots you with a toy gun, 
you pretend to die.
"@FlirtyWords: A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your future."
"@Inspire_Us: You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles"
"@FunnySayings: Not everyone is meant to be in your future. Some people are just passing through to teach you lessons in life."
"@itsGreatGatsby: No one is in charge of your happiness except you."
"@Candy46310455: “@rickyrozay: The Empire. . 
"@DrakeNYC: Don't explain yourself to anyone who you don't owe an explanation."
"@EssentialFact: No one has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way."
"@TheFacts1O1: Women who bottle up their emotions are considered more likely to develop the habit of chronic over thinking and depression."
"@DavidRoads_: If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua"
"@RealMeganF0X: l dont care how old you are, if you dont respect me l wont respect you."
"@ImThatGentleman: Don't talk, just act. Don't say, just show. Don't promise, just prove"
"@thequote: If you can see the positive sides of everything, you’ll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua"
"@Epic_Women: Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections."
"@Sheldon_Jokes: Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so close to Monday?"
"@FactsGuide: People who appreciate what they have are more likely to live happy, satisfied lives."
"@RealMeganF0X: A relationship with no arguments, is a relationship with a lot of secrets."
"@LostWords_: No matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love."
"@FactsGuide: One of the greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you can't do!!"
"@EdwardCullenID: The only time you run out of chances is when you stop trying."
Trust is built up over years, and destroyed in a second."
"@FemaIeStruggle: 
"@LifeFacts: The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up."
"@thequote: There has never yet been a man in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering. -Theodore Roosevelt"
"@DrakeNYC: Life doesn’t change, but people do. So learn to accept that not everybody is who you thought you knew."
"@JustTumbIr: If you hold back your feelings because you're afraid of getting hurt, you end up hurting anyway."
"@SmiIe: Never give up. Great things take time."
"@DavidRoads_: There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love."
"@UnusualFactPage: 15 minutes of exercise a day can extend the average person's lifespan by three years"
"@life_cheates: "Choose your relationships wisely. It’s better to be alone than to be in bad company.""
"@iRealMacMiller: There are no real secrets to success. It's the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure."
"@NewLoveLetters: Everytime I see you, my heart beat goes like this 
"@GirlfriendNotes: When you know why you like someone, it's a crush. When you have no reason or explanation, it's love."
"@AthIetesForGod: It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi"
"@RealMeganF0X: The best feeling in the world is knowing you actually mean something to someone."
"@RELATlONSHlP: I don't hate you. I just lost all my respect for you."
"@B_ELRUFAI: The only wealth you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away. - Marcus Aurelius"
"@FuckFeeIings: Silence is better than bullshit."
"@UnrevealedFacts: Don't depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness."
"@DavidRoads_: Be smart enough to hold on, be brave enough to let go."
"@LlFECHEATS: Don't delay acting on a good idea. Chances are some else has thought of it too. Success comes to the one who acts first."

Life has a funny way
of proving us wrong.
"@InspowerMinds: Never say "That won't happen to me." Life has a funny way of proving us wrong."
