Conservatives reject broadcasters’ debates 
Fox Contributor: Michelle Obama Owes Her Success To Affirmative Action... 
Hardly any murderers and racists in U.S. police forces - glass is 1/3 full but that last third is backwash #p2 
.@Real_op @Knappag1 @ByronYork If your faith calls on you to be bigoted it's not much of a religion - it's like the KKK with tax breaks #p2
Of course - 
Geez, I wonder how that happens?
Your media: Still not liberal #p2 #tcot 
White supremacists accused of planning for 'race war' in Florida - U.S. News 
What happens when you listen to Fox spews - you get it exactly backwards! #p2 #tcot  
The TPP isn't a trade bill; it's about large Corporations being able to run roughshod over gov't's ability to regulate them #p2 #tcot
Duggar family member: ‘All science’ points to creationism being true 
Rep. Marsha Blackburn(R-TN) warns of Christian persecution in America can’t name one example 
Our PM is a disaster! 
#cdnpoli #stopharper #cpcfail 
Dear Conservatives,
Your concerns have been noted! 
#hahaha #p2 #tcot 
Dawn Spacecraft Images Reveal "Ice Rinks" on Ceres 
Louisiana burns science at the stake. By @BadAstronomer: 
Conservative spurns Obamacare, insurance — blames Obama now that he’s going broke and blind 
SPLC Files Complaint That Police Locked Up, Threatened Black Eighth Grader For Six Days Because He Threw Skittles 
.@YukonGale .@ryanleefmp She's not lying - but you knew that 
Bill cC51 #cdnpoli
Michelle Obama mentions racism, Fox News elevates angry black person threat level to Super-Uppity 
How many Iraq questions are we supposed to believe Jeb Bush misheard? 
.@bdbmobile right! because an asshat like yourself says so? without proof? grow up! 
Climate Science Deniers Unable To Comprehend Scientific Study 
Ocean Acidification | Smithsonian Ocean Portal 
@bdbmobile @YukonGale But then as a paid troll or lackey you knew that he was ducking four debate and are mincing for your $10 #lickspittle
@bdbmobile @YukonGale You're an idiot or a paid troll Barry - Harper chickening out of debates - Four were proposed but our weak-kneed PM...
Obama on poverty, demonizing the poor and fox news! Perfect! #p2 #tcot

Watch it! it's 2 minutes 22 seconds long!
Around 55 million years ago, an abrupt global warming event triggered a highly corrosive deep-water current 
Around 55 million years ago, an abrupt global warming event triggered a highly corrosive deep-water current 
.@john_holdroyd @JoanneCangal I like that idea very much!
On Stephen Harper chickening out of debates:
#cdnpoli 
Exactly the kind of joke the right likes a whole bunch! Fun huh? #cdnpoli #stopharper #coward #demagogue 
Just watched Michelle Obama's full commencement speech! Called America out for unending racism! no wonder the "reverse racists" hated it #p2
Little Chance to Restrain Global Warming to 2 Degrees, Critic Argues 
Tories reject leaders' debate offer from CBC, CTV, Global #cdnpoli 
O'Reilly: Rushes to Defense of Rush Limbaugh  
Media Call Out Rush Limbaugh For Racially Charged Attacks On Michelle Obama 
Multimillionaire Fiorina took 4 years to pay staffers from her last campaign 
Solving corrosive ocean mystery reveals future climate 
Fox's Tantaros "Last Acceptable Form Of Discrimination In This Country Is Against White Men" 
Fox's Tantaros: "Last Acceptable Form Of Discrimination In This Country Is Against White Men" 
Elaborately staged photo-ops in Kurdistan, Iraq and Kuwait backfire on PM Stephen Harper 
Indeed! Sociopaths and psychopaths 
.@cdlong1968 @JayCaruso @jimcc66 @FLOTUS You're so courageous to direct your hate and violent threats on-line #republicanTurd #p2
@akawhit1 @WhiteHouse I can see your love of Jesus in your tweets - you really are a vile, small minded, hate-filed turd
Conservatives rage after Michelle Obama talks about racism 
‘American SHE DEVIL': Conservatives rage after Michelle Obama talks about racism 
Pope says many powerful people don't want peace 
Pope Francis 'Many powerful people don't want peace because they live off war' 
.@talkradiotommy that alleged killing, which he was coerced by a kangaroo court to plead guilty to, happened during a firefight - no rules
.@talkradiotommy Just looked at your timeline - what kind of rational behaviour and thought were you capable of at age 13? A terrorist?!?
.@talkradiotommy Thanks Tommy - I'll go with Mr. Mulcair - the thought of an actual adult, not suffering from narcissism gives me hope
Lt.-Gen. Romeo Dallaire supports Omar Khadr 
Texas: The loon star state 
Please come Montreal twitter friends - Tommy Savitt has been kicking ass!  
Carson Warns 'More Groups' Will Want Marriage Equality If Gays Get It  
Fox's Bolling: Questioning Cops And Their Tactics Is Emboldening Bad Guys 
Theresa May to revive her 'snooper's charter' now Lib Dem brakes are off 
Fox News' Shannon Bream relied on hate group's unsubstantiated talking points 
Fox News Lies. Says Churches Could Lose Tax Status Unless They Recognize Same-Sex Marriage 
.@Ez4u2say_Janis Sanctions all their hate-filled comments too!
Third dimension: New tools for sea ice thickness - NSIDC 
Huckabee: God’s blessing will make me president to stop the atheist secular theocracy 
Media Ignore Rep. Issa's Criminal Past 
Nation's richest congressman: U.S. poor are 'envy of the world' 
Want to see Darrell Issa make the transition from congressman to Dickensian villain? 
Harper vows foreign workers will not become ‘permanent underclass’ 
All white upstate New York police pull over and draw guns on four big, scary black ... officers 
Bill Maher to Texans: ‘You are the White Somalia’ 
Arctic sea ice extent 2015: second lowest April ice extent in the satellite record 
Study: Pharmaceuticals Kill More Teens Than Illegal Substances In The US 
Montreal twitter friends - 2 shows tonight and 2 tomorrow at the New and Way Better Comedyworks!  
Jeb Bush heads to Liberty University in desperate search for evangelical votes 
Jeb says George W. Bush is a top foreign policy advisor 
Burying radioactive nuclear waste “beside the largest supply of drinking water on the planet.” #cdnpoli

Environmental activists under assault in India #climate #p2 #cdnpoli #greenpeace

Feel free to judge All Cops by the actions of one - It's what they would do #pigs #bullies #p2 #tcot

Woo-hoo! 
David Cameron will oversee the worst child poverty record for a generation. Yet he is winning the public argument on cuts
WTF? 
#ukpoli
Tory vilification campaign against the poor is so clever 
Something big happened in Canada and the Oil Overlords are unhappy #Alberta #cdnpoli #p2 
Alberta's Election -- A Win For People And Huge Loss For The Kochs 
Cornyn Asked For Pentagon Briefing On Possible Military Takeover Of Texas 
Hmmmm! #p2 #tcot 
@VeganYogaDude It's lovely isn't it Roberto - hope you're enjoying it too!

via @chat2u2 

You say that like it's a bad thing! #haha #p2 
Never thought for a moment the right had abandoned culture wars. Backwards people naturally want to go backwards #p2 

PMO urged changes to Duffy audit, RCMP officers say 
But then most of you knew they were lying -didn't you?
This is what these assholes do with your money #StopHarper 
It's fun when you know you're rooting for people who put their heart and money where their mouths are #p2 
A picture of the soulless coward that approved tripling Grizzly hunt in B.C.
#bcpoli #cdnpoli 
B.C. gov't approved grizzly hunt despite overwhelming public opposition 
B.C. gov't approved grizzly hunt despite overwhelming public opposition, emails reveal 
BC gov't approved grizzly kill despite overwhelming opposition 
The hidden history of the sabotaging of Bob Rae's government in Ontario 
Who's to Blame for Canada's $3 Billion Trade Deficit? 
The gambling for rich people casino, is not happy with the Alberta elections! The hoarders of wealth unhappy? Oh noes! #cdnpoli
.@CoralMDavenport When conservatives win elections, do you call them rightists? Also they are not oil sand they are tar, or bitumen
This really is a great day to be Canadian! Hello Alberta!! #cdnpoli
"Congratulations on your historic victory, Rachel Notley. Inspired by the hopeful, optimistic campaign you ran." - Tom Mulcair #cdnpoli
Tommy Savitt, winner of both the Seattle and Boston Comedy festivals is headlining this week at the @mtl_comedyworks

The New and way better Comedyworks is open for biz at 1238 Bishop St.  I'm opening all weekend for Tommy Savitt! 
Fox Spews - scaring the elderly and making shit up since the mid-90's!
#p2 #tcot #hacks #liars #racists 
Anchorage AK voters trounce Koch-backed homophobe, elect Democratic mayor 
@NHL_Campbell Continued development of fossil fuels on this scale holding back change. Need to replace one kind of cheap energy with another
.@NHL_Campbell You live in a fantasy world. We, in the rest of Canada get no break on energy prices due to Alta's oil wealth - this is good
Wow! That's amazing! 
#cdnpoli  
.@ComedyMontreal Aww, so sweet!
Harper's media team admits Iraq, Kuwait videos a security risk 
School That Teaches Abstinence Education Experiences Chlamydia Outbreak 
California’s Drought Could Upend America’s Entire Food System 
.@ComedyMontreal Thanks so much for that Stephanie! You rock!
Pastor warns gays: Marriage equality means no one will be left to make babies for you to adopt 
.@bad_robot_57 @JohnKerry Yes, yes. Iran's gonna' get all the walmarts and teaparty assholes - 'Murica will get some hookahs #braindead
California snowpack survey canceled: Nothing to measure! 'Drought is severe' 
Clinton Cash Author Schweizer And Dana Loesch Wonder If He'll Be Murdered By The Clintons 
Maureen Dowd's Advice For Hillary Clinton Is Full Of Sexist Tropes 
Yay!  
7 Ridiculous Things Ben Carson Believes 
.@chucktodd Watched you let Boehner lie about ACA yesterday. Are you afraid of him? Afraid truth would make him cry or are you a coward? #p2
Geller Spars With CNN Host Over Attack: 'You're Being Very Condescending!' 
Assholes hold an asshole convention, violent assholes tried to shoot up asshole convention, got shot 
Harper defends Kurdish fighters during surprise Iraq visit 
PC royalty miscalculation robs Alberta of $13.5 billion  
Geller: 'The War Is Here' 
PM Harper hated everything about Canada including the blue beret so he changed all - he said he would #cdnpoli 
Ben Carson has answers - it's the questioners fault he sounds so stupid #p2 
Ben Carson: More Guns In Iraq Could Have Stopped ISIS
People who see the world differently than, latest GOP clown-car passenger, Ben Carson are Nazis! to quote him #p2

Anti-Gay-marriage anti-lgbt republican candidate Ben Carson saying some hateful stuff #p2 #tcot

Sam Harris Made Himself Look Like an Idiot in Email Exchange with Chomsky 
Harper trying to help the PC's in Alberta! LOL! #haha #PCFail #HarperFail #cdnpoli #WorstPMEver 
Paul Ryan: Baltimore stuck in poverty trap. Welfare benefits are too lucrative 
Would love to see Paul Ryan living that lucrative life in the lap of luxury out there in east Baltimore - he wouldn't last a week. #p2
Sanders tells Stephanopoulos: America needs a 'Political Revolution' for Working Families 
A new App from the ACLU to better help you keep tabs on your local constabulary #p2 An App for police brutality

@Ambermom1975 Yes. Yes she most likely would.
The ignorant, anti-science, religious fanatics have taken over Republican party. #p2
TX Republican Lawmaker Wants Women To Carry Deceased Fetuses To Full Term! 
Yep! 
Wingers Debate Why Obama Is Plotting Military Takeover of Texas 
GOP House Leaders Create ‘Action Group’ To Seize And Sell America’s Public Lands 

Bail for cop who murdered #FreddieGray: $350K

Illustration of hypocrisy: Price…
9 Reasons Most Conservatives Are Not 'Christian' 
9 Reasons Most Conservatives Are Not 'Christian' 
Woo-hoo! 
Oil Industry Whores Paint Pope As Bad Catholic For Acting On Climate Change 
People Who Worship Mammon (Oil Industry Allies) Paint Pope As Bad Catholic For Acting On Climate Change 
Right-Wing Media Desperately Smear Scientists To Defend Climate Deniers' Virtue 
Of course they have! Lost most of my respect for ppl in blue long ago; brotherhood more important than their job #p2 
CO Republicans vote to defund award-winning program that reduced teen births by 40% 
Jeb Bush: 'I'm a total nerd' for racism with a scientific veneer 
Baltimore State's Attorney: Freddie Gray's death was a homicide, criminal charges will be pursued 
CNN: Sanders doesn't want billionaires' backing  
Public Defender Describes Vile And Illegal Conditions Of Baltimore Citizens Being Held In Jail  
Cruz tries to blame Obama for 2008 crash 
It's infuriating, insane that a mainstream news outlet would report that a man severed his own spine to "get" the police. #BOYCOTTWAPO #p2
Rand: I'll Look Into Whether The Military Is Planning To Takeover The Southwest 
Sierra Club latest environmental charity hit by Revenue Canada audits 
Sierra Club latest environmental charity hit by Revenue Canada audits 
Everyone's "concern" has been noted! #trolls #p2 #tcot 
Questions persist in Parliament on Duffy-Harper-Enbridge connection 
.@solvrMan @ghostOfAkilism You're dead wrong. It's uncaring soulless indifference to suffering and injustice - you're the same kind of guy
.@janieo So then to recap - you're a progressive pragmatic and I'm a commie cynic! :^) Cheers and hugs Janieo!
Inoculating against science denial 
Super El Nino Likely. Huge Warm Water Wave Hits West Coast, Extreme Marine Die Off Developing 
.@janieo I feel as if these years have driven me intellectually to the left but the cynicism they created keeps my expectations very low
.@janieo Me too! Your sensitivity always moves me - it's tough in 140 characters though - so much to be said
.@janieo Well, here's to seeing you pass out!
And yeah, good people, like the Carter's - will make great ambassadors and advocates
Heartland takes climate foolishness to a Biblical level 
Heartland takes climate foolishness to a Biblical level | John Abraham 
.@janieo Maybe he'll work for Hillary as SOS - :)
.@janieo Yes we will - a lot!  thoughtful, decent, patient - like no else on the horizon
.@janieo Hard to disagree - repukkke primaries are thick with 'true believers' and assorted whackos leaving a nice spot for any D candidate
.@janieo I feel like I ran out of people to genuinely root for a while ago leaving me to the lesser various of evils -  made my peace
.@janieo Well yeah. They know Cruz Rand Bush Walker and all other occupants of GOP clown car are way past scary - gives them cover
Super El Nino Likely as Huge Warm Water Wave Hits West Coast, Extreme Marine Die Off Developing 
Cruz: Obama Has 'Inflamed Racial Tensions'  
@janieo Yeah, scotus is scary. Wouldn't want that to get worse! Been voting 'strategically' up here since the '80's - don't like it either
.@janieo I'd like to see an actual and unapologetic liberal - failing that - someone who could win - don't think Joe or John would
.@janieo Yeah, the alternative being the right wing dicks and not people like Howard Dean or Ms. Warren who are not included in the calculus
Report Says American Psychological Association Collaborated on Torture Justification 
Vancouver oil spill response 'embarrassing,' says international expert 
Really? Conservative Senator Suffers Meltdown while lecturing unions about 'corruption and transparency'?  
.@JMfreespeech Wow! You're truly ghastly. You lied your country into War! Hundreds of thousands are dead, millions were made refugees #p2
.@micahsgrrl @misspell No one even discusses maybe doing something in the future - just same old tropes
.@RightGlockMom Please dude - produce proof when you spew - your word ain't worth shit - show me a link or STFU #p2
.@janieo Don't disagree really - glass steagal particularly infuriating but the alternative is so much more terrible - who knows...
#BaltimoreUprising A simple thought and question about people's concern over Baltimore #p2 #tcot 
Geraldo made to look like the smarmy corporate stooge that he is #p2 #tcot #Baltimore 

'A Riot Is the Language of the Unheard': 9 MLK Quotes the Mainstream Media Won't Cite 
As with Mike Brown, conservatives feel need to lie about the life and death of Freddie Gray 
.@janieo I'm okay with Hillary - don't forget the Clintons' have taken the worst these idiots can dole out and still come out on top
'The Wire' Creator David Simon Unloads On How The System Failed Baltimore  
California Governor Issues North America’s Most Aggressive Climate Goal 
5 Things Everyone Needs to Know About Baltimore 
@janieo I do believe there's the hope that he pushes Hillary leftwards - he's a very good man.
Your media: Still Not Liberal #p2 #tcot 
U.S. incarceration rate triple what it was 4 decades ago, with incarceration rates 5X that of wealthy democracies #p2

Baltimore Residents Urged To Stay Indoors Until Social Progress Naturally Takes Its Course Over Next Century 
Why Bernie Sanders Running for President Is Great News for Democrats by 
.@___Danno $263 million for gov't spin-doctors - so yes, enough to restore door-to-door delivery in Canada. #StopHarper #cdnpoli
What does it cost Canada Post media spinners to say that community mailboxes are better than door-to-door? 
Conservatives feel the need to lie about the life and death of Freddie Gray 
2014 Election results called into question by findings of electronic voting machine security experts #p2 #HolyCrap!

3,325 Spin Doctors toil for the Harper government at estimated cost in 2014 of $263 million 
Integrity Disqualifies Sanders for White House 
Baltimore Police Dept: 88% white 10% African American
Baltimore: 29.6% white   63.7% African American
(2010 census) #p2
U.S. worried about Canada’s ability to respond to oil spills, records reveal 
Unlikely Headline:
Police Brutality Triggers Riots In Baltimore
Your press: Still not liberal and nothing like a 4th estate #p2 #cdnpoli
Vet who killed cat with arrow through head to be charged: Sheriff 
Activist smacks down Wolf Blitzer: ‘You are suggesting broken windows are worse than broken spines’ 
.@deepgreendesign Doh! My bad.
Obama sums up what's at the root of Baltimore's rage 
Rand Paul passed through Baltimore: 'I'm glad the train didn't stop' 
How Apple lays waste to conservative ideology on climate and responsibility in general 
Outside agitators? 70% of Baltimore Police Dept. officers live outside city limits, with 10% living over state lines #BaltimoreUprising  #p2

Obama Calls Out Media For Ignoring Baltimore Until The City Started Burning 
Senate global warming deniers scheme to undermine Obama and wreck any climate pact 
"Baltimore Been Burning" 
Wow!  
Grindr user outs anti-gay GOPer’s dick pic: ‘How can you vote against the person you’re trying to pick up?’ 
Nonviolence as Compliance in Baltimore 
#BaltimoreRiots Young man has some good thoughts #1 of which: it's not gonna' make things better or produce change

.@emlax3 You're like a genius or something - you and your 80 followers are all so deep and in touch with what's going on
Pope Francis Should Answer to ExxonMobil Rather Than God, Imply Climate Deniers 
The CRA could shut down up to 7 environmental charities  
Fox Personalities Blame Obama For Baltimore Violence 
Study: Extreme weather already increased due to climate change 
James Moore defends using tax dollars to promote unelected Conservative candidates 
Tories to unleash $13.5-million ad blitz 
Fox Personalities Blame Obama For Baltimore Violence 
Extreme weather already on increase due to climate change, study finds 
New York Times: Prosecute Cheney 
Maryland Police Union President Says He’s Never Heard Of ‘Rough Rides 
.@CoreyIrelan @_RonnieBrowning You mean they would scatter? Cops should stand up and say the murder sickens them too
.@MinneMike The freedom to say hateful things may be lost forever... oh noes! And you can still associate with all your gay hating friends
.@_RonnieBrowning Such a brilliant solution! More murder! America fuck yeah!
.@MinneMike The liberals telling you what to believe? I think they're just asking for equal rights. You want to maintain the right to hate!
.@ShinigamiJ If the police stood up and said murder of this young man was wrong and sickened them too I'd agree with you - they're complicit
Ted Cruz: 'Liberal Fascism' Threatens 'Religious Freedom' 
Scott Walker, Republican prosecutors trade pointed swipes on John Doe 
War Criminal George Bush Jr. Decides Tries To School Obama On Foreign Negotiations 
Baltimore Orioles Exec: Stop Complaining About Protests, ‘People Are Suffering And Dying’ 
Koch funded Heartland Institute sends scientists to correct Pope Frances on AGW  
.@Atrios Intellectually goldberg's 13, locked in the heavy whacking off period of his own twisted never-ending adolescence
Heritage Foundation SameSex Marriage Will Kill 900,000 Unborn Children 
All Harper has to run on is fear - he doesn't even do that well! #lying #demagogue #gutless #cdnpoli 
How Did Ottawa Spend Half A Billion On Lawyers? 
Christian Right Bigots Destroyed LGBT Lives for Decades: Hilariously Now They Claim to be Victims 
Baltimore Police Admit They Made Deadly Mistakes In Freddie Gray’s Arrest 
Harper's "Balanced Budget" is a Tory Fabrication #SleightOfHand #cdnpoli 
.@donmuir1 Canada's Pillsbury dough boy very good at collecting All his per-diems - Or should I call him Harper's cash cow?
Mike Duffy's 'unsolicited contacts' drew Enbridge warning to PMO 
NBC News Admits NY Times Story Based On Clinton Cash "Doesn't Hold Up That Well" 
.@jgderuvo .@gofundme Ditto. But then I'm a white straight male - these things are never issues - other people want the same privileges
.@Ez4u2say_Janis It really is!
.@HawaiianTater I'll grant you it's a pleasant thought :)
John Birchers were ignored or laughed at in my day (heh!) Now they run the GOP #p2
.@HawaiianTater Where do you go after you've turned the dial up to 11?
GOP leadership look dumb in contrast - kinda' like hillbillies
.@HawaiianTater Nah! The right couldn't hate him any more - they're thick with hatred. Democrats will be happy he said what they're thinking
.@HawaiianTater Yeah, nothing they hate more than the truth
.@RepDAnder If I wanted your opinion asshole I'd go watch hate porn on Fox News  Now GFYM troll!
Funniest 5 minutes of 2015... so far! Obama burns deniers and morons in general #p2 #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner

President Obama and his anger translator Keegan-Michael Key at the White-House Correspondents Dinner! #p2 Hilarious!

@FairTaxNancy Have to run Nancy - good luck to you and yours!
.@FairTaxNancy And then spiritually you're supposed to pick yourself up and try again - none of this spirit is present in the public debate
.@FairTaxNancy But it stops many who call themselves Christians and they are not - people too lazy to read the book for themselves
@FairTaxNancy We're agreed. and yet all these people casting stones, sitting in judgement- it's hurtful
.@FairTaxNancy That fellow was a likely enemy... and still kindness
.@FairTaxNancy But the spirit of that - kindness and lack of judgement - where is that in the actions of the people we're discussing?
@FairTaxNancy Okay then no problem . I believe the NT's tenets work for all - one of the central parables is that of the Good Samaritan yes?
.@FairTaxNancy I've done better than that - I've read the NT 5 or 6 times - thanks for the condescension though
.@FairTaxNancy No one is asking for that. Just to be decent and kind - we'd all really appreciate it if Christians behaved like Christians
.@FairTaxNancy We have an example that started the conversation - these are not righteous people - they are self-righteous casting stones
.@FairTaxNancy Sorry - the OT teaches about having slaves and suppressing people esp women - the NT teaches tolerance - stick with that
.@FairTaxNancy That's right - so how is treating people like the don't exist or shouldn't exist, Christian?
.@FairTaxNancy But never mentions homesexuality. So serve no sinners? The gluttonous, the slothful, the envious, the greedy etc? Unchristian
.@jgderuvo .@gofundme Actually it is. If I said I wasn't going to serve you because you're a glutton (a deadly sin) what would you think?
.@FairTaxNancy Well at least that made me smile - the New Testament says to love all as you love yourself - ALL!
Baloney Meter: Did The Tories Really Pay Down $37 Billion In Debt? 
.@euroconservativ Your christian spirit is all over your post. America, fuck yeah! Bigotry and Hate just like Jesus. #p2 #tcot #lgbt
.@FairTaxNancy Raising money for christian bigots and hypocrites! America, fuck yeah! #p2 #tcot #lgbt
.@FiestyGal @SamaritansPurse You should refuse to serve all sinners! The gluttonous, the slothful, the greedy etc. Hypocrites and bigots #p2
@jgderuvo .@gofundme Actually hate and bigotry are pretty awful except to the hateful and bigoted. America, fuck yeah! #p2 #tcot #lgbt
.@best_franchise So great that bigots get so much support! America, fuck yeah! Land of bigoted christian hypocrites #p2 #tcot #lgbt
WATCH: Obama, Bill Nye Rip Climate Change Deniers In Congress  
Do you know how much Canadian Taxpayers have paid for Conservative ads since 2006?
$750 million over the last 9 years!
#cdnpoli #StopHarper
Republican policies in Texas kill #p2

60 Canadian Business Leaders Sign Letter Against Bill C-51 
Poilievre says Ottawa police funds to fight jihadists, mayor says no 
Fox's Bolling: Favre Is A "Wussy" For Speaking Out About Football-Related Concussions 
Hubble's 25th anniversary in space: Top 12.5 SPECTACULAR photos handpicked by @BadAstronomer. 
Aglukkaq claims federal budget is best one ever for the environment #cdnpoli 
Aglukkaq claims federal budget is best ever for environment #cdnpoli 
Tories criticized for using EI funds to balance budget #cdnpoli 
Pretty sure this guy is the spawn of some horrible tryst shared between cousins #cdnpoli #antiscience #hillbilly 
Redacted diary reveals oil's hidden route to Harper 
A federal budget that does nothing: Walkom 
9,000 Gallons Of Fuel Used On Air Force One For Obama Earth Day Trip To Everglades 


No, gay marriage will not cause 900,000 abortions 
Federal Fisheries Regulators Halt West Coast Sardine Season 
Redacted diary reveals oil's hidden route to Harper 
Tory event in BC ambushed by @shitharperdid 
They're losing the argument so they lie, cheat and buy anyone willing to be bought #whores #p2 #tcot 
More Kansas Schools To Close Early For Lack Of Funding 

oh.
Things morons believe #p2 #tcot  
These are the 12 worst ideas religion has unleashed on the world 
TV Reporters Shoot Down BP's Misleading PR Campaign 
Pierre Poilievre says saving $900 million by reducing sick leave benefits 'set in stone' 
Federal budget rewards the rich but fails everyday Canadians 
Walker Chooses Earth Day to Fire Half of DNR Scientists 
Media Hyping A New, Unreleased Anti-Hillary Book. Here’s What It Says. 
Schweizer Admits He Cannot Prove Allegations In Clinton Cash - embarrassing error 
That's not what 'socialism' means 
Scott Walker celebrates Earth Day by firing 57 environmental agency employees 
"All our lives have been improved or even made possible thanks to science, the study of chemistry…" — Thomas K 
Politico: "Oh Dear, Should Obama Politicize The Everglades?" 
Montreal municipal court Judge Denis Laberge is an asshole! Jails student for assault with silly string #qcpoli

Tenn GOP Opposes Exceptions To Abortion Restrictions Because Rape Is 'Not Verifiable' 
.@PeskyJski .@heywho It's weirdly hilarious. I've read her favourite book a few times and like you say she would not be wanted
Stephen Harper made his priorities clear today: More tax giveaways to the wealthy, paid for by middle-class families #cdnpoli #budget2015
deGrasse Tyson: Denying Science Is ‘Beginning Of The End Of An Informed Democracy’ 
Michele Bachmann: Thanks Obama For Bringing On The Apocalypse 
Mike Johnson GOPer Behind Louisiana Religious Freedom Bill Starting To Feel The Heat 
Fox Host: We Need A More Robust Manly, Not Feminized Version Of Christianity 
Lakes across Canada face being turned into mine dump sites 
Open season on Canada’s waterways: Is your favourite lake or stream protected? 
The brownshirts always voting against their own interests in the hope of annoying liberals #p2 #losers 
Parliament No Place to Shovel Duffy Dirt Biased Conservative Speaker Implies 
‘Screw ‘em': Michigan man taunts neighbors with Confederate flag and nooses outside home 
Why Obama's trip to the Florida Everglades is a shrewd move in the climate debate 
Charged in the death of Eric Harris, Murderer/Deputy Bob Bates gets permission to go to the Bahamas 
Michele Bachmann: The Rapture Is Coming And It's Obama's Fault 
What's at stake as Harper wages war on Canada's Charter if Rights and Freedoms from @stephenlautens #cdnpoli 
.@stephenlautens @fernhilldammit Oh, just read the post :) - great graphic - great illustration of what's at stake! Thank-you so much!
.@fernhilldammit .@stephenlautens Okay - will delete post and re-post with credit - is that okay?
There is a 10 million gallon 'bath mat' of BP oil on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico 
Fox host explodes at misogynist CEO who says Women Shouldn't Be President 
Harper guts more fish protections: NEB takes over habitat along pipelines 
Canadian troops will be training Nazi sympathizers in Ukraine no matter what Kenney says 
Canada's Worst PM in history and Worst current Premier have an Earth Day message for Canadians #cdnpoli #bcpoli 
.@Ez4u2say_Janis it's why "those people" don't believe in evolution - haven't evolved during the course of their lives so it mustn't be true
Pat Robertson: 'Big Daddy’s home! Wham!' 
.@chipsmow It's weird that Democrats can't make more effective attacks against John Bircher philosophy - they were marginalized in my day
Harper's version of senate expenses scandal contradicted in documents 
Harper's version of the senate expenses scandal contradicted in court documents 
Texas veterinarian fired after bragging online about killing a cat with a bow and arrow 
.@chipsmow It's the politics of the U.S. not the people that makes me alarmed :) at such a suggestion - peace and good wishes to you too!
.@chipsmow Sorry about my tone! Seriously! A united progressive movement is a great idea - so is a snark tag when I post!
Safari Game Hunter &amp; Guide Ian Gibson Killed By His Elephant Prey 
.@CarolHusband @LeftnoodleofFSM @Ez4u2say_Janis @PTicks He had a choice as Canada's PM - he chose the cowardly path - always does #cdnpoli
.@CarolHusband .@PTicks  Really? He said he would destroy Canada's National Archives? He said he would use the CRA as a weapon? #cdnpoli
Michelle Malkin Outraged: Twitter Jailing Conservatives Like They Are Japanese-Americans 
IBM sends letter to Jindal warning about pending religious ("freedom") Hate and Bigotry bill #p2 #tcot

.@dorothyknable Not as long as conservatives spend all their time fighting and fearing the future #AntiScience #religiousZealots #p2
Canadian Federal gov't to invoke terrorism clause to protect Canada's #1 terrorist: PM Stephen Harper #cdnpoli

Anti-science advocates are freaking out about Google truth rankings 
Fact-Checking Site Finds Fox News Only Tells the Truth 18% of the Time 
Fact-Checking Site Finds Fox News Only Tells the Truth 18% of the Time 
#disgust…
Kansas Gov. Brownback signed that incredibly punitive welfare rights bill 
.@FlynnZito .@chipsmow Worst idea ever! Please keep your insane war-mongering, environment destroying selves on your side of the 49th!
PM Harper's priorities don't include you or protecting Canada's wildlife or Canada's environment #cdnpoli #bcpoli 
Leading Republicans differ over armed 'insurrection' 
Kinder Morgan's shares in spill response companies creates insane conflict of interest 
Canadian Wheat Board to be sold to Saudi-owned Global Grain Group 
GOP passes massive tax break for millionaires, billionaires 
Public programs beat private health insurers on controlling spending 
GOP War on Science: House bill slashes funding for Medicare, guns, climate change 
3. U.S. Army’s Psychological Operations Personnel Worked at CNN 
Anti-Gay Hate Group Will Bring Fox News, GOP Hopefuls On A Trip To Israel 
Private Company Conspired With Police To Hold Poor People For Ransom, Lawsuit Charges 
Christie on legalizing marijuana: 'If President I will crack down on it' 
The Passion Of Big Chicken: Chris Christie has adopted granny-starving as a platform
 
Top court rules Harper government's mandatory minimums for gun crimes as Unconstitutional 
VIDEO: At NRA Annual Meeting, Pants-shitter Nugent Talked About Shooting Sen. Harry Reid 
Islamic Extremists Have Seized Control Of U.S. Cities, Says NRA Seminar 
Madly superstitious gun-wielding morons who threaten peace every day on the U.S. #p2 #tcot #backwards #hillbillies 
Medical marijuana activist in Kansas arrested, son taken away 
Diaries reveal Duffy spoke with Krause as Harper gov't launched federal attack on charities 
Diaries reveal Duffy spoke with Krause as Canadian gov't launched federal attack on charities 
This made me laugh - the tri-cornered hat wearers leading the corporate whores and would be theocrats #p2 #tcot 
English Bay oil spill a wake-up call: Christy Clark
Even the neo-liberal thinks it sucked #cdnpoli #bcpoli

Former Coast Guard commander casts doubt on English Bay spill cleanup claim 
The ExxonMobil Explosion That Nobody Is Talking About 
Presidential Contender Marco Rubio's Ugliest Moment 
Obama reminds McCain how foreign policy works 
Obama no longer cares whether the GOP is outraged 
Mark Kirk Says People Drive Faster Through Black Neighborhoods 
Nestlé has been pumping water from a national forest with an expired permit for over 25 years 
‘Fuck Your Breath’ — Video Shows Cop Mocking Unarmed Man As He Dies From Police Bullet 
Netanyahu told cabinet: Our biggest fear is Iran will honor nuclear deal 
A New Phase in Anti-Obama Attacks 
Duffy diaries indicate Senator coordinated efforts with Krause and Levant to attack charities 
Ted Cruz: Jihad Was Waged Against Religious Freedom Bills 
Black 11-yr-old has criminal and felony charges against him for kicking trash can in school 
How kicking a trash can became criminal for a Black 6th grader 
Kansas Attorney General Moves to Overturn Popular Vote in Wichita, KS 
Arkansas Just Passed Such a Stupid Law 
This might be the stupidest bill Conservatives will table this session 
How the Conservatives imagine Canada's economy is completely at odds with reality 
Stephen Harper: Keeping us safe from RCMP inspired terror plots! #freedom #cdnpoli 
.@enleuk .@Bipartisanism Men would gladly take their birth-control medicine in beer form
Congress Holds Hearing On Birth Control With Exactly Zero People That Have A Uterus. 
Sandy Hook ‘truther’ begs for mercy — insists harassing calls to school were just ‘words’ 
@IvoryDove @stevendickinson You're a liar or a fool or a propagandist - today's extremist republicans are yesterday's John Birchers -
Republican field tired of 'gotcha questions' sob, stop quoting me! 
Fox host won’t believe lying eyes ‘I didn’t see a black man killed by a white cop’ 
White Fragility: Why It’s So Hard to Talk to White People About Racism 
Right-Wing Media Jump To Rand Paul's Defense After His Tirade Against Savannah Guthrie 
'Tea party' holds protest against Everglades conservation. There's just one problem... 
1 CENT FOR EACH BUY OR SELL

2 CENTS IF WE ARE EXPECTED TO BALE THEM OUT AGAIN
EACH BUY / SALE 
More "Junk Science" Abortion Restrictions Emerge Amid Conservative Media's Anti-Choice Misinformation Campaign 
.@Velcro108 I read your timeline - if that's your idea of support stay the fuck away - support like that no one needs
.@Velcro108 Yeah, it's so easy to hide behind that argument for racist conservative cowards willing to defend the murder of any black man
.@TheLastRefuge2 It's not a talking point you obtuse turd - it's a murder - good of you to defend it so ppl can identify you #asswipe
@WalkingstickMtn @He didn't murder anyone like the cowardly white cop - please GFY you lowlife filth
Video Exposes Walter Scott Police Murder, Why Is the Man Who Filmed Garner’s Death in Jail? 
Officer who murdered #WalterScott has been placed in general population. Enjoy! 
SC officer charged with murder had been accused earlier of excessive force 
#WalterScott 
NYPD message board lit up with racist comments after the shooting of an unarmed black man in SC 
NYPD message board lit up with racist comments after murder 
CIA Calls Netanyahu a Liar 
Wisconsin Republicans Ban Public Lands Staff From Discussing Climate Change 
Republicans Are Saying Environmentalists Caused California’s Drought. Here’s Why They’re Wrong 
Scott Walker and Rick Scott Censoring Science and free speech and common sense #p2 #tcot #morons #idiots

Every day I read stories that have convinced me so-called christian conservatives hearts are filled with bigotry/hate

FLA Republican cuts 10-year-old boy off as he testifies against anti-LGBT revenge bill 
Lawyers Release Bombshell Video of Fatal Police-Involved Shooting of Lavall Hall in Miami Gardens 
Today’s GOP is the party of Jefferson Davis, not of Lincoln 
.@OzziesPOV Bummer! Still, there are six deadlies left 
Right-Wing Media Freak Out, Claim Obama's Easter Speech Maligned Christians 
This guy called right wingers Un-Christian and he's right - they of course are having heart-attacks #haha #p2 #tcot 
Ferguson Court Clerk who sent racist emails says she feels like she's been raped 
Arkansas Just Passed Such a Stupid Law 
Abortion Opponents Are Quietly Going After One Of The Top Medical Schools In The Country 
Cheney: Obama Looks Like He Wants To 'Take America Down' From The Inside 
Cheney's Greatest Hits: "I do believe that we will, in fact, be greeted as liberators." 
Cheney: Obama Looks Like He Wants To 'Take America Down' From Inside 
Rand Paul Attacks Reporter For Questioning His Reversal On Iran, Mansplains 
Bill O’Reilly trusts Iran’s ‘deranged mullahs’ more than the ‘American press’ and Obama 
Why are senators allowed to raise money for Conservatives?
Wait! I got this!
Zero ethics and accountability?

Fox's Brit Hume: "I Have No Soul! Sorry for pretending I had one, but come on! I say shit for a living!" 
GOP A-hole charged with criminal domestic violence 
Funding slashed for all safety programs @ Transport Canada 
Andrew Coyne: To recap, PM Harper is not responsible for almost anything 
Gov. Jindal Backing Broad Anti-Gay Religious Freedom Bill 
Oceans experiencing largest sea rise in 6,000 years, study says 
Fiorina: Environmentalists To Blame For Drought In California 
Tea Party hires actors to feign indignation over plan to save Everglades 
Schumer, 7 other Dems making horrible choice siding with GOP on Iran bill 
Cruz Threatens To Strip Supreme Court’s Power To Decide Marriage Equality Cases 
Military: Nugent Veteran Claims Are "Distorted" And "Ridiculous" 
Minneapolis cop threatens to break legs of teens before letting them go 
Fox News: Keep discrimination legal because Bible tells businesses not to hire atheists 
National Review Likens Concern Over Campus Sexual Assault To Mass Hysteria Of Salem Witch Trials 
For all my acquaintances at #tcot #p2 
ALEC: Stop Saying We're Climate Deniers! 
Kansas To Impose Unprecedented Restriction On Welfare Recipients 
Kansas Imposes Unprecedented Restriction On Welfare Recipients 
Army of God? 6 Modern-Day Christian Terrorist Groups You Never Hear About 
You Cannot Be a Republican and a Christian | Alternet 
Montreal twitter friends: I am part of a terrific comedy lineup tonight at The M Bar! Show’s at 8:15pm, Sunday night. 1245 rue St. Andre
Matthew Dowd Is Very Sad About The 'Culture Wars' Polarizing Americans Because It No Longer Helps Republicans 
Judy Miller: Hans Blix Bears More Responsibility For The Iraq War Than I Do 
Stephen Harper's flip-flop on war fits pattern of deceit 
Report Shows Big Weather Events Cost U.S. $19 Billion In 2014 
RightWing Economist Accidentally Tells Truth: GOP Hoped For Bigger Financial Disaster in 2008 
A First Look at the Iranian Nuclear Deal - The Equation: 
Steroid Use Grows Rampant Among Police 
Spain Got 47% Of Its Electricity From Renewables In March 
Angie’s List CEO rejects Republican ‘fix’ to Indiana religious freedom bill as ‘insufficient’ 
Air Force Wing Commander to Subordinates: USA is “Doing the Lord’s Work” 
Senate’s Biggest Climate Deniers Demanding EPA Explain Climate Models 
Blocking EPA's science board from considering science 
Arctic climate threat that nobody’s talking about yet 
The Iranian nuclear deal: What the experts are saying 
Republican legislator thins everything in your private lives is his business 
Mulcair Promises Proportional Representation If NDP Wins 
California aquifers contaminated with billions of gallons of fracking wastewater  
What The New Testament Actually Promotes! #HappyWhateverYoureCelebrating #p2 #cdnpoli #NoHate #ReadTheBook 
There's nothing cute about a herd of killer wabbits! #eeeek #p2 #cdnpoli #HappyWhateverYouCelebrate!

"Stone Cold" Steve Austin's defense of gay marriage is pretty great 
De Blasio, progressives map plans to push progressive agenda nationwide 
California used 70 million gallons of water in fracking in 2014 

In March, Spain got 47% of power from #renewables &amp; 12% from #coal.
See what's possible!

Hey GOP. We don't want war.

Pence has so much love in his heart that he had to lie about the content of the bill #p2 #boycottIndiana #selfless

Christie Defends Mike Pence On Indiana AntiGay Law 
Changes to hate laws are 'like paying ransom to a captor,' says notorious bigot 
Fox News Campaign To Defend Indiana's Anti-Gay "Religious Freedom" Law 
Fox's Chris Wallace: Roger Ailes "Could Stay Off The Deep Dish Pizza" 
Cowardly Tenn. Senator (R) Denies 280,000 People Health Care, Calls Advocate 'Asshole' 
Canada's CEOs think university enrollment should be cut by a third #cdnpoli 

Canada's CEOs think university enrollment should be cut by a third! 
Cotton compares US to Iran, sees discrimination as unimportant 
.@addictionguy Generally that phrase seems to be code for, I believe Obama is 3/5ths of a person
.@neiltyson I guess it's bad form to mention the divided states? only cnn msnbc fox etc. are allowed to do that? But you know, trolls! #ugh
Corexit used in Gulf Oil Spill, causes structural and functional abnormalities in airway tissue 
Republican legislator to Kochs' AFP: 'You people serve absolutely no purpose' 
Bachmann posted one of the most hateful Obama rants you'll ever read 
Indiana pizzeria that said they'd discriminate against gays now closing due to backlash 
GA Teacher to Class "Obama No Christian"; Questions Childrens' Christianity 
.@towerclimber37 It was in the article what she had done - too hard to read?
.@towerclimber37 Murderer was tackled by bystanders as he tried to reload, and Maisch was able to grab the third clip away from him.
"Freedom" - For Whom? 
Right-Wing Media Laugh Off How Climate Change Harms Women 
Conservative tax breaks leave out ‘vast majority’ of households 
.@DianeAblonczy .@endwomanabuse And those aboriginal women gone missing and murdered that your party refuses to look into? #cdnpoli #gfy
.@DianeAblonczy In fact, only 15% of households will benefit from the $2 billion a yr from income splitting 
.@DianeAblonczy You're an utter disgrace to Canada - before you open your ignorant mouth read a book or two #cdnpoli

Conservative MP uses "air quotes" to dismiss C-51 concerns from legal experts 
Gov't plans to spend $7.5M to promote federal budget 
Alabama Doctor-Senator Was Just Kidding When He Filed Revenge Bill Against Dead Patient 
Fox Regular Brad Blakeman: Obama Has Inserted Racism Into America 
NJ police punched, kicked, allowed dog to bite Phillip White before he died in custody 
Baird defends Harper aide accused of Golden conflict #cdnpoli 
Defying criticism, Arkansas legislature passes bill on supporting religious bigotry #assholes #religion #BocottIndiana #BoycottArkansas #p2
1865: "…&amp; blacks."
1920: "…&amp; women."
2015: "…well, maybe not gays..."

#BoycottArkansas…
POS Colorado Republican loses committee seat after saying attack on pregnant woman was 'curse from God' 
Indiana's Pence looks for 'fix,' blames Obamacare 
True Intent Of Indiana’s Religious Freedom Bill, According To People Who Helped Write It 
Petition to Move NCAA Out of Indiana Over 'Religious Freedom' Law Gaining Momentum 
.@VisitIndiana Hoosier hospitality is clearly a myth that Mike Pence has destroyed utterly #BoycottIndiana #MoveTheFinalFour #p2
.@VisitIndiana No. That's a lie! All are not welcome in Indiana and anyone with a heart will #boycottIndiana #MoveTheFinalFour #p2
No, Indiana's law isn't "like the others"--it's far, far worse 
David Brooks Ignores NYT's Reporting To Defend Indiana's Religious Freedom Law 
Brooks Ignores NYT' s Reporting To Defend Indiana's Religious Freedom Law 
Mike Pence and the Indiana Legislature were warned by 30 expert law professors 
GOP presidential candidates get behind Indiana's Hate Law 
Mike Pence and Indiana Legislature were warned by 30 expert law profs 
Rand Paul doesn't 'believe' in gay rights 
Rand Paul's religious pandering reaches new level 
California Snowpack Hits All-Time Low, 8 Percent Of Average 
My libertarian vacation nightmare: How Ayn Rand, Ron Paul &amp; their groupies were all debunked 
Stephen Harper's flip-flop on war fits pattern of deceit: Siddiqui 
The expanded Canadian Iraq mission is an immoral misadventure 
Harper Gov't ruling any C-51 amendments to enhance oversight are out of order, says MPs 
Harperism threatens democracy in Canada 
Fox Host Praises College For Discriminating Against LGBT Students 
Foster Friess Tells Washington Post: 'Scrub Your Story' About Daily Caller 
Canada’s health care system is about to lose $36 billion 
Sweden’s feminist foreign minister has dared to tell the truth about Saudi Arabia 
Russell Brand: Reason Fox News can’t talk about mental illness is because they cause it 
Why Canada's economy is headed off the cliff 
Indiana Governor Insists New Law Has Nothing To Do With Thing It Explicitly Intended To Do 
GOP Indianapolis mayor defies Pence, bans discrimination by Christian businesses receiving city funds 
BBC News - 1,000-year-old onion and garlic eye remedy kills MRSA 
What it looks like when the right wing decides to have a serious conversation about the issues #p2 #tcot 
.@KiIroy_Was_Here Ahh! I don't disagree with what you assert but I didn't feel I was unfair or over the top
.@KiIroy_Was_Here .@GovPenceIN He lied on TV yesterday, and he's proven himself a bigot with hate law. Bigoted liar is apt #p2
.@100Concerned saw that GA was writing similar legislation but it seems to have stalled before a vote - one can hope I guess
.@GovPenceIN @ThisWeekABC It's good that people who promote an agenda of hatred let the world know who they are. #thanks #p2 #BoycottIndiana
.@GovPenceIN .@ThisWeekABC You're a bigoted liar. Watched you lie comparing your hate law to the RFRA. You're going to hell! #p2
Union cancels Indiana conference over 'un-American' discrimination law 
.@GovPenceIN It was fun watching you squirm and whine that your new "cool to hate gays" law is misunderstood. It's not! #BoycottIndiana #p2
Canada The World Leader In Deforestation, Study Finds 
So difficult to find or make new traditions but I'm willing to give this idea a chance #p2 #cdnpoli 
Ex-CFO Stands up to Chik-Fil-A, Loses Job, Ends up on Food Stamps. ABC Thinks it's Funny 
As Himalayan Glaciers Melt, Two Towns Face the Fallout:
All part of the mad global warming conspiracy #p2 #cdnpoli

As Himalayan Glaciers Melt, Two Towns Face the Fallout
Why do they hate America? #p2 #cdnpoli #climate

Gov. Mike Pence lied 
Conservatives are now calling criticisms of Bill C-51 "conspiracy theories" 
Conservatives anow calling criticisms of Bill C51 "conspiracy theories" 
Charles Barkley Reggie Miller Condemn Indiana Anti-Gay Law, Urge NCAA To Move Final 4 
.@techweenie Measuring volume is so terribly hard after all but we could get Ted to test the ices' thickness by sending him out on it #p2
Watch hilarious mock tourist pitch for Indiana: ‘It’s a great place to be a bigot’ 
Yes hoosiers do discriminate and they legislate hate; icing on the republican cake of hate and bigotry 
Pence Becomes Frustrated When Asked If ‘Religious Liberty’ Law Will Be Used To Discriminate 
Ten-Fold Increase in Extreme Weather events since 1975 most Threatens Poorest Countries 
Smiling Religious Hate and Bigotry at Indiana hate law signing #BoycottIndiana #p2 #nohate #LGBT 
One Restaurant Already Celebrated ‘Religious Liberty’ By Turning Away Gays 
Antarctic ice shelves rapidly thinning 
The epic fallout of Indiana's anti-LGBT 'religious freedom' law  
Mike Pence: There’s an Internet conspiracy to make Indiana seem like antigay bigots says the guy leading campaign 
It's so hard to be an Obamacare-hating Republican these days 
.@GovPenceIN .@ThisWeekABC Revolting to see you on national TV lieing about what this hateful piece of legislation means #p2 #BoycottIndiana
.@GovPenceIN .@ThisWeekABC The law is about hate and bigotry and protecting the right to be a hateful republican bigot #p2 #nohate #tcot
Watch the smartest man in Canadian Parliament call Harper out for his "idiocy" #cdnpoli #ThomasMulcair

.@Blue__Wolf seriously dude go back to your porn and your hate and your fantasies about your sister - you're a turd and I got no time
New Report: Canada’s Government Has Removed Regulations That Protect Its Rivers And Lakes 
New Report: Canada’s Gov't Has Removed Regs That Protect Its Rivers And Lakes 
Charles Barkley Wants NCAA To Pull Final Four From Indiana Over Anti-Gay Bill  
.@Re_Reeset @Ivanpecel @KTrevorWilson @MattShury Sweet Reese!
Montreal! I'm on great shows tonight @ComedNest 
8pm &amp; 10:30 @Ivanpecel (TheTonightShow) @KTrevorWilson @knoxkp  @MattShury $15 514-932-6378
.@GovPenceIN So your mother... did she tell you to fear and hate those who were different from you? Was that the lesson taught in your house
.@GovPenceIN Good to see you tweeting about basketball while legislating hate - it's important to stick to your priorities #p2 #lgbt #nohate
.@GovPenceIN You must be so proud to have made your state infamous for bigotry and hate #p2 #tcot #lgbt I bet your mom is proud too #nohate
#BoycottIndiana
Legendary Broadway star Audra McDonald takes Governor Mike Pence to the woodshed 
Beyond dirty politics: Harperism threatens democracy itself 
Fixes: Out of Debtors’ Prison, With Law as the Key 
Harper is losing the argument on C-51 … with Conservatives 
Quebec City protesters shot directly with tear gas 

x-ref 
Ocean acidification explained in two minutes #p2 #cdnpoli #climatechange 

Harper gets called out for his remarkable idiocy and arrogance most sweetly by Mr. Mulcair #cdnpoli #ndp

Florida teen kills brother, shoots other sibling, then kills himself - Yahoo News Canada 
After racially motivated attack, former STL Cardinals player says he may leave St. Louis 
.@ardiem1m .@davidou58 .@HeatherMallick Back when Conservatives were conservative #cdnpoli #reactionaries #corporatewhores
AZ legislator suggests church attendance should be mandatory 
CO. Republican: Brutal Attack On Pregnant Woman God's Punishment For Abortion 
Man Arrested On Suspicion He May Commit Terrorism 
.@davidou58 A lot of money misspent that had nothing to do with transfer payments - just an excuse for poor management and no foresight
.@davidou58 The important fact is that Norway managed their largesse in a superior fashion, and who was responsible
.@davidou58 I would have thought they needed better fiscal management and also higher rates for the leases
.@davidou58 .@HeatherMallick wow - aren't you the compliant little troll - they f'd up! Misspent! nothing you opine changes that #cdnpoli
.@Deringer45 .@YakovMironov Bullcrap! They control their own finances and what they did with their money was entirely up to them! #cdnpoli
Norway = Left
Alberta = Right
Any questions, Canada? #cdnpoli #stopharper 
CNN: Florida boy kills one brother, wounds another after food fight 
California AG Goes To Court To Stop The Gay Death Penalty Ballot Initiative 
Texas Bill Would Make Recording Police Illegal 
3 Cops Caught On Tape Brutally Beating Unarmed Black Michigan Man With No Apparent Provocation 
Cruz says satellite data show the globe isn’t warming. Also said he didn't believe in Obamacare before signing up 
Ted Cruz says satellite data show the globe isn’t warming. This satellite scientist feels otherwise 
No plans to increase humanitarian aid of expanded ISIL mission: Kenney   
Worse than Rodney King. Shocking dash cam video shows suburban Detroit police brutally beating man.  
Sen. James Inhofe introduces budget amendment allowing LGBT discrimination by federal contractors 
Mulcair is 100% right on this #fuckwar #fuckharper #stopharper #cdnpoli 
Pew Report: Wisconsin No. 1 State In Household Income Decline 
Pew Report: Wisconsin No. 1 State In Household Income Decline 
Fox Claims That FBI Report That Doesn't Cover Mass Shootings Falsified Mass Shooting Data 
Fox News Host Suggests Healthy School Nutrition Initiatives Cause "Mental Problems" 
DeGrasse Tyson Has Choice Words For Anyone Who Votes For A Climate Denier 
Phil Robertson Delivers Speech About Atheist Family Getting Raped And Killed 
Alberta to bring in health-care levy to address revenue shortfall 
Oil industry making 100's of billions off of Alberta's natural resources but Albertans see little of it  
Montreal Gazette: Harper's legacy of cuts and jabs 
Ben Carson calls Obama a psychopath in GQ interview 
In Selma, GOP Lawmakers Don’t Support John Lewis’ Bill To Restore Voting Rights Act 
Ohio Republicans Sneak LastMinute Poll Tax Into Transportation Budget 
deGrasse Tyson slams Florida ban on phrase ‘climate change’: I thought we were better than this 
If Indiana Discriminates, Gen Con will leave costing them $50 million 
Neil DeGrasse Tyson Has Some Choice Words For Anyone Who Votes For A Climate Denier 
A Black Woman Says She's a Banker? She Must Be Insane So She's Institutionalized 
@chrisvenditto Will do! - on FB a little later - gonna cook supper now!
@chrisvenditto Took this week off - getting over the sudden onslaught from some end of winter virus - okay otherwise
.@chrisvenditto Yeah, way too long - where you been?


@chrisvenditto Yeah, I enjoyed it a bunch. Very smart and funny. How you been? long time
Hospitals saved billions under ObamaCare 
HHS Hospitals saved billions under ObamaCare 
.@paul_lander Actually you made the quote better!
NDP, Liberals reject plan for expanded mission vs Islamic State  
Activist counters CA's 'kill the gays' initiative with 'Intolerant Jackass Act' 
NDP, Liberals reject plan for expanded mission against Islamic State  
Harper plans to expand Canada’s military mission against Islamic extremists 
.@Adam4004 Jefferson didn't believe that 
.@Adam4004 Having a kick at the can I'd say - if they're serious then have yourself a laugh! He's a scary religious freak way more troubling
.@Adam4004 Actually only Trump seriously questioned it - we're all just having a good laugh at the blatantly obvious hypocrisy #p2 nice day!
.@Adam4004 Have you gone through life always missing the point of things? No one said he wasn't a citizen -
Zombie Attacks on Rooftop Solar | Sierra Club 
Someone please tell the jobs market we’re not in a recession 
There's no mystery as to where ted cruz was born so please explain to me, what's up with that? #p2 #tcot #GOPracists 
President Obama with a question for ted cruz #p2 #tcot #GOPracists #hypocrites 
Imagine President Ted Cruz 
Murderer George Zimmerman Compares Himself To Anne Frank, Whines Incessantly 
TD economist: "Worse yet to come" for Canada on falling oil prices 
Consensus: 97% of climate scientists agree #p2 #cdnpoli #climate #agw #GlobalWarming

Murderer George Zimmerman Breaks His Silence, Whines About 'Barack Hussein Obama'  
@SherrieGG @newzUuze @viciousbabushka @thomasclark92
Indiana House passes religious freedom bill that allows business owners to discriminate based on religious beliefs #FuckIndiana #boycott #p2
Legalise shooting gay people in the head, US lawyer proposes in new bill 
Ted Cruz .com has some crazy things to say #p2 #tcot 
Donald Trump questions if Ted Cruz can run for President  
Republican: MLK Would Have Wanted Us To Have Confederate Flag License Plates 
FOIs reveal inside details of Canada's publicly taxpayer funded $24 mil ad campaign to sell tarsands 
Zimmerman: Killing Trayvon was God’s plan, wishing he lived 'blasphemous’ 
Religious Broadcaster: ‘Prepare for Martyrdom’ If SCOTUS Legalizes Gay Marriage 
Ted Cruz Just Laid Out The Most Anti-Woman Agenda Yet 
MO lawmakers bill to prevent food stamp recipients from buying fish 
Gulf Stream is slowing down faster than ever, scientists say 
Gulf Stream is slowing down faster than ever, scientists say 
Mulcair on Iraq: 'We think it's wrong for Canada to be involved' 
5 years later, 'Obamacare' critics can't believe their lying eyes 
Fla. lawmaker mocks Rick Scott official for refusing to say ‘climate change’ 
Conservatives Big on Fear, Study Finds - Psychology Today 
Scientists Are Beginning to Figure Out Why Conservatives Are…Conservative 
Ted CruzNot A Fan Of reality Goes Full Orwell 
Jerry Jones’s daughter defends Greg Hardy signing 
Rising seas could force largest-ever human exodus 
Globally, the hottest winter on record, with smallest Arctic sea ice maximum 
Globally, this was the hottest winter on record, with smallest measured Arctic sea ice maximum 
Dominionism and The Religious Right: The Merger Is Complete | Right Wing Watch 
'Worst Is Yet To Come': Why Harper Doesn't Want To Talk Economy 
Arizona judge unaware of fatality when giving state senator’s son a slap on the wrist for speeding 
Forget terrorists — be terrified of Harperites 
Judge Strikes Down Scott Walker’s Anti-Abortion Law 
A great discussion - albeit brief - on the trope 'Does Islam Promote Violence?' #p2 #cdnpoli #tcot

Fox News Downplays Bloody Arrest Of Black UVA Student As "Common" 
Don't think republican reps are stupid? Have a laugh and check out House Judiciary Committee web page #p2 #tcot

Cotton worries about US interference in foreign negotiations 
Google tells 

There's no other way to say this: Stephen Harper Hated everything about Canada So he Changed it #cdnpoli #UnCanadian 
Stephen Harper Destroying Canada one Omnibus Budget Bill at a time #criminal #OilCorpWhore #cdnpoli 
World's most iconic ecosystems: World heritage sites risk collapse 
Every Claim In This Ted Cruz Statement Is Completely False 
White Parents On Fox News Condemn School's Black History Month Event Chronicling Police Brutality Against Blacks 
Jon Stewart Lets Fly in Brilliant 'Rage-gasm' About Fox's Relentless Hypocrisy 
Trillion Dollar Fraudsters 
The melting of Antarctica was already really bad. It just got worse. 
Inhoffe has been bribed with $1.7 million from oil &amp; gas industry interests over destructive Senate career #p2 Chairs Environment Committee
Worried about C-51? You’re probably a terrorist! 
Canada regulator probing TransCanada over safety allegations 
Obama: 'Disturbing' A Climate Change Denier Chairs Senate Environmental Committee 
Obama: It's 'Disturbing' That A Climate Change Denier Chairs Senate Environmental Committee 
Alberta moves to ease regulations on reducing toxic oil sands waste 
How A GOP Whisper Campaign To Smear Hillary Clinton Found Its Way Into Mainstream Media 

Via Miss R•evolutionaries on fb and @MissREVO #UniteBlue 
New poll results show support dropping for Bill C-51 Down to 38% okay with fascism 
Gov. Rick Scott’s anti-science psycho purge begins: State employee banned for uttering ‘climate change’ 
Harper seeks to extend, expand Iraq mission 
The Only Place It Was Cold This Winter Was The East Coast Of The United States 
Scientists: Ted Cruz's climate theories are a "load of claptrap" 
Grizzly bears seen as gold for mining, B.C. gov't emails reveal "A few critters to spare." 
University of Virginia honors student, Martese Johnson, brutally and unjustly beaten by police 
FL DEP Employee Suspended - Forced to Obtain Medical Release for Mentioning Climate Change 
WI Schools Plan Massive Layoffs After Walker Guts Funding 
Schools Plan Massive Layoffs After Scott Walker Guts Funding 
NDP Leader Mulcair remains open to Liberal alliance to knock out Tories 
Larry Miller, Conservative MP, recants inflammatory niqab-ban comment - Still remains a Racist turd though 
Ted Cruz Makes Impassioned Plea For Repeal Of Federal Legislation That Does Not Exist 
Wall Street bonuses equal to double total income of all minimum wage workers in America 
Cotton has 'no regrets' on Iran letter, Genius warns that 'Iranians already control Tehran' 
Tom Cotton: leader of the #47Traitors - "... men are “simple” and women are “the problem” #p2

Sexist misogynist ass
Dear Senate: Want to see what jokes really look like?  Eat your heart out... 
Earth science is not hard science, congressional know-nothing Republicans declare 
Earth science is not hard science, congressional Republicans declare 
Harper Tories unrepentant for 'McCarthyesque' attacks on security-bill critics 
Paris Mayor: 'What Fox News Did Was To Lie' 
NYPD Edits Wikipedia Entries On Eric Garner, Other Police Brutality Victims 
NASA Administrator Gives Ted Cruz Epic Lesson In How Science Works 
NASA Administrator Gives Ted Cruz An Epic Lesson In How Science Works 
#GOPWantsWar 
#cdnpoli #C51 #Fascism 
NEVER SENT 
EMAILS 
TO 
OUR ENEMIES 
OFFERING 
TO HELP THEM 
UNDERMINE 
THE PRESIDENT. 
#47Traitors 
Canadian manufacturing jobs plummet to near record low: Statistics Canada 
Happy Pi Day! 8 fun facts about your favorite nerdy math constant. 
Happy Pi Day! 8 fun facts about your favorite nerdy math constant. 
Bill C-51 hearings: Diane Ablonczy's questions to Muslim group 'McCarthyesque' 
Spamghazi Investigation 
Arkansas State Rep Probably Had Good Reason For Giving Adopted Daughter To Guy Who Raped Her 
Ark. Rep. Justin Harris Had Daughters’ Demons ‘Exorcised’ Before ‘Rehoming’ Them With Rapist 
Meet Justin Harris, The Arkansas House’s Godly Child-Abandoner 
Wife of Vic Toews denies she was paid nearly $1M by First Nation 
NYPD PIGS caught literally trying to rewrite history of police brutality on Wikipedia 
Hundreds of starving sea lions wash ashore on California beaches 
When the facts on C-51 are against you, insult the witnesses 
When facts on C-51 are against you, insult the witnesses

Canadians need to stop being complacent about this #cdnpoli

Oh, NOW you wanna make excuses? After THAT bullshit? #47Traitors 
Time to end the grisly trophy hunt that B.C.'s Christy Clark is enabling #bcpoli #cdnpoli #murderers #littlepenises

Ted Cruz Tells NASA to Stop Worrying About Climate Change and Focus on Space 
He's not a scientist but... #p2
CrimAdvisor - Plan Your Perfect Getaway: 
Mass Death of Seabirds in Western U.S. Is 'Unprecedented' 
Ted Cruz accepts $946,568 in campaign contributions from the oil and gas industry - 
#Prostitute #p2 #cdnpoli #climate
Gun Lobby Heads Explode Over 'CrimAdvisor' Video and Parody Website 
Hilarious! Planning a criminal Act? Find out which states let you carry your loaded weapon in parks schools etc 
Hundreds of starving sea lions wash ashore on California beaches 
Oceans are warming so fast, they keep breaking scientists' charts 
Tories Under Fire For Million-Dollar Breach Of Ethics Rules 
Whoa. SAE fraternity files lawsuit, denies they are racist 
Fox News Host: Ferguson Protests Provoked By "Roving Band Of Minstrels" 
'I'm embarrassed for them,' Obama says of Republican letter to Iran 
Harper's Economic Record Doesn Not Stand Scrutiny #cdnpoli 
@lise_latulippe Happy Friday Lise! #ff
Statistics Canada says debt to disposable income ratio hits new high at 163.3%

Where Harper Policies Lead #cdnpoli
'Your Republican Congress is much like our revolutionary Islamic councils.' 
GOP senator: 'Stop celebrating' good Obamacare news! 
Bill C-51: Privacy watchdog Daniel Therrien blocked from committee witness list #cdnpoli Proof of Harper's Cowardice

KKK Leader Takes Jabs At CNN's Don Lemon In Bizarre Interview 
Climate sceptics attempt to block 'Merchants of Doubt' 
Listen To Fox Contributor Katie Pavlich's Trainwreck Remarks On Guns And Campus Sexual Assault 
.@mousepooop Good point!
Ayatollah Khamenei: GOP's Letter a Sign of U.S.'s 'Internal Disintegration' 
Ayatollah Khamenei: GOP's Letter a Sign of U.S. 'Internal Disintegration' 
Canada's dollar sinking to new lows - have contracted dreaded "Dutch Disease." Harper's against immunization #cdnpoli

The loonie headed for its lowest point in more than a decade 
Tories Under Fire Over Million-Dollar Breach Of Ethics Rules 
Cutting the crud: Debunking five Big Oil myths 
Mass Deaths in Americas Start New CO2 Epoch 
.@p_riv2k Aww isn't that cute - tough guy uses "thug" in place of n-word thinks he's tough and getting away with it #racist #asshole #p2
.@caryb13 Right! It's not that bottomless pit of racism your country is sitting on or police murdering with impunity, it's 2 black guys! #p2
Harper's ongoing destruction of Canada's environment and scientific research facilities #cdnpoli 
Thanks.
#47Traitors #IranLetter H/T --&gt; @RedStateDems @JayandSteve 
@VegasJessie @CassLy…
Kerry teaches Rubio the basics about the Middle East 
.@SusanPeterson_ Of course he was! How dare a black man get elected twice and spend all his time trying to fix the mess GWB left #p2 #GFY
.@LiteisoN @jashsf @dccc Right, and the criminality of banksters everywhere
@LiteisoN @jashsf @dccc Gets tiring see them treat everything as a football game - there should be some crossover issues we can all agree on
'Loaded' terrorism mailout from Conservative MP Lawrence Toet raises eyebrows 
.@kevinrns Hilariously stupid - I read some republicans are blaming Obama for the letter, LOL! #losers #GOPfail #p2 #tcot #47Traitors
GOP Senator Justin Harris and Wife Believed Adopted Daughters Possessed by Demons, Had an Exorcism 
A child left unprotected 
#47Traitors Senator who spearheaded letter to Iran got $1 million from Kristol’s ‘Emergency C’tee for Israel’ 
4 Media Outlets Walking Back Reports In The Clinton Feeding Frenzy @NYT @Wapo @AP 
@stephenlautens @Belgraves @LeoMcKayJr @InklessPW The always prescient George Carlin called them privileges because they can be taken away
.@SNAFOO2012 @davesmonty69 Wow! You guys really take solace from hate-filled clichés? You kind of need to grow up. I'm a tequila man myself
.@MPAVictoria .@davesmonty69 .@SNAFOO2012 Haha! thanks for that! #p2
.@davesmonty69 You're kind of pathetic and apparently completely incapable of defending any position you take #p2 #GoodComebackPotsie
The Liberals have lost their way 
.@SNAFOO2012 @davesmonty69 Thanks - but not exactly news to me - half the dem caucus exactly as whorish as whole repug caucus #duh
.@davesmonty69 @SNAFOO2012 Sorry dudes no matter how many idiot dems voted for it, Iraq war is Bush's war. He lied along with Cheney/Powell

#cdnpoli #religion #law #Terror 
.@davesmonty69 He came with links without facts or data and it stinks
Hilarious - your inability to defend your position makes the point #p2
All You Fascists Bound To Lose #cdnpoli #pmharper 
.@davesmonty69 You don't agree that would be the cause of great and long-lasting resentment? Also nothing to lose after you've lost it all
.@davesmonty69 To be made a refugee is to have everything in your life taken away - from your morning cup of coffee to your home and family
.@davesmonty69 Only problem was Haliburton needed gov't contracts - military industrial complex needed stuff to blow up - that's not help!
Such a great speech - everyone talking about the #47Idiots #47Traitors instead - very sad - see for yourself #p2 #Sema #BloodySunday
.@davesmonty69 Not sure what you said but "war of choice" created 2 1/2 million refugees in Iraq - where do you think those people went? #p2
.@SchmosEyeball Well that's not close to true but at least we can agree who one likes comedically is subjective So many funny people up here
.@SchmosEyeball So add French Canadians to the long list of people you hate before you ever meet them? You're so proactive. Good for you!
.@DrDawg I know - hilarious that this man got out of high school - scary that he's a legislator #p2
.@davesmonty69 Dave Montgomery - GWB's idiocy still being felt - his "war of choice" is what spawned ISIS #BushsFault
.@SchmosEyeball Oh, and some Iowa legislator who thinks when women swallow pills it goes to their vaginas #haha 
.@SchmosEyeball Actually killed it last night and republicans were on the menu - Huckabee's hatred of gay people remarkable and laughable
.@SchmosEyeball There you go - an ad-hominem attack with a dollop of racism - good for you! You do your hate-filled ancestry proud #p2
 #47Traitors #IranLetter 

.@Kimmy6Kim .@auntieamy90 You guys got one right! Wasn't the original plan though - they were shamed into it 
Circumstances of Canadian soldier's death in Iraq strongly suggest Harper gov't is lying 
@SchmosEyeball Not sure what a lob is but you're really letting people in on the fact that you're not very bright - How're the cheetohs? #p2
.@SchmosEyeball  You must get invited everywhere with brilliant comebacks like that one Potsie! Bet your social calendar is full up LOL #p2
.@Enchanting70 Block the most egregious and move on - #47Traitors has their panties in a twist because they know better #p2
.@SchmosEyeball  I know it's tough to find the link in the article to the actual science so here I did it for you 
@Enchanting70 It's not worth the effort - they don't actually engage in conversation - and they swarm like gnats -
.@SchmosEyeball .@PolitiBunny @Enchanting70 @thomassfl It's really funny you would go there #p2 
.@SchmosEyeball @PolitiBunny @Enchanting70 @thomassfl You got that one backwards dude 
#47Traitors only there to distract - listen to Obama's speech to commemorate the "Bloody Sunday" March #Selma 
.@dand66 I bet you're one of those white people who also has a "black friend" #p2 You're like a saint or something
.@Enchanting70 Don't back down but they're war-mongering, chicken-hearted idiots and will repeat their ignorance and hatreds ad nauseum #p2
.@tdagostinoinstl Oh please - republicans would rather their country fail than Obama succeed - proved it for entirety of his presidency #p2
.@SchmosEyeball @PolitiBunny @Enchanting70 @thomassfl What a brilliant retort - fascinating insight you bring to a discussion #p2
.@Olmanswamp LBJ is the reason I studied American history - fascinating man - wielded power like a billy club - 
.@Olmanswamp @Enchanting70 @auntieamy90 GOP under Eisenhower was a far better then than now - not the same party now LOL #p2
.@auntieamy90 Dude it's really time for you to catch up on recent history - not a single repug showed up to commemorate Selma #WhoTheyAre
@PolitiBunny @Enchanting70  I love how you people reveal yourselves with hate and ad-hominen attacks - makes it easy to know who you are #p2
.@Olmanswamp  Yes he was but he passed Civil Right act and he believed in the great society - he wanted America to evolve #p2
.@PolitiBunny @thomassfl Seriously dude - have you read the IAEA reports? because I have and you're dead wrong but facts are for Liberals
.@auntieamy90 @PolitiBunny @Enchanting70 @thomassfl It has nothing to do with non-support but then cognitive dissonance is your only defense
.@auntieamy90 Really? 
.@auntieamy90 So you ignore recent history when American racists switched parties after Civil Rights Act - another brown-shirted genius #p2
.@PolitiBunny Who says that's what they want? You? They want war for their pals in the armaments industry and Israel #WrongSideOfHistory #p2
.@PolitiBunny .@thomassfl You haven't the moral courage to listen to what it is Obama actually says 
.@feehily_diane @PolitiBunny @thomassfl No don't leave him alone - listen to what he actually says 
.@PolitiBunny .@thomassfl You're hilarious and as always missing the point but thanks for playing #halfwit
.@thomassfl @PolitiBunny Actually halfwit that's exactly what Obama is busy negotiating for - #47Traitors undermined that #sedition #p2
.@mrjc1 Because profanity is so much worse than sedition and racist hate and ignorance #Fucktard #GFYM #Hillbilly
Screw the #47Traitors and the idiots that support them - enjoy, be inspired by Obama's commemoration of Selma #p2 
.@NC_Zero There is no nuclear Iran you moron - never enriched beyond 20% and that's according to the IAEA but facts are only confusing #p2
Daily Show Skewers Fox News For Turning Selma Commemoration Into "White Conservative Victimization" 
Kenney tweets misleading photos of Muslim women in chains 
Obama gave an epically inspiring speech to commemorate Selma but instead everyone's talking about the #47Idiots #47Traitors #p2
#47Traitors? There isn't a single republican who didn't want Obama to fail at fixing the economy and making life better. #AllTraitors #p2
We're not climate scientists.
Or knowledgeable about the Constitution.
Or loyal to our country.
#47Traitors
'TRAITORS': NY Daily News Slams GOP Senators Who Signed Iran Letter 
"The authors may not fully understand that in international law, governments represent the entirety of their respective states"
#LoganAct
Iranian response to seditious letter from 47 self-important assholes #p2 #LoganAct

.@SenTomCotton @jaketapper Impressive you can be this dangerously stupid.
A violation of the  #LoganAct 
Muslim-hating activist names Jon Stewart ‘most disgusting Jew on the planet’ 
Ben Stein: Michelle Obama's Healthy School Lunch Orwellian 
An examination of the sheer joy of Oklahoma students chanting about lynching 
Tories’ cynical monument to victims of communism 
Noam Chomsky: White America's Cruelty to Black People Far Worse Than South Africa 
Mulcair and Trudeau top Harper in approval ratings 
Miami, a great world city, is drowning while the powers that be look away 
Florida banned state workers from using term 'climate change' – report 
Florida Officials Banned From Using Term 'Climate Change' 
Brooklyn Teen Charged With Assaulting A Cop Until This Video Proved The Police Were Lying 
So the Iditarod is underway in Alaska - they had to ship in snow to Anchorage! #ClimateChanged #p2 #cdnpoli 
.@comedysite guns, media stenography, zealotry, access to writing the legislation that brands us extremists and a lot of disinterested sheep
Charter School in Miami Fails, but Proves Useful on Jeb Bush’s Résumé 
.@comedysite I think the idea of this op ed is to rally people to the idea to not be intimidated - but yeah the assholes have all the guns
Harper's government can't intimidate activists by calling us extremists 
Canadian Wheat Board prepares for corporate takeover 
Rick Scott bans use of climate change global warming from official FLA documents 
Sorry! Posted a story of a 2012 national poll on Canadian federal politics - here's party's actual standing #cdnpoli 
.@TaleFinn Thanks for the heads up and mind if I say 'Aww crap!'

#cdnpoli @cbcnews @globeandmail #uspoli @Nationalpost Toronto #yqr
Canadian special forces soldier killed by Kurdish friendly fire in Iraq 
Canadian soldier killed by Kurdish friendly fire in Iraq 
Kid-Dumper AR Rep Justin Harris So Sorry That DHS Screwed HIM! 
Kid-Dumper AR Rep Justin Harris So Sorry That DHS Screwed HIM! 
And now let's roll back school nutrition regulations, because why not 
A Lesson of How to Hit Back Vs. O'Reilly &amp; RW Lying Bloviating Buffoons Covering for the 1% 
44 Dem Senators and 167 Dem Reps Signed an Amicus Brief for Marriage Equality. Who Didn't Sign? 
Ferguson's Judge Brockmeyer owes $170k in back taxes 
Totally Non-Violent Gun Nuts Call For Gabby Giffords To Be Shot Again (IMAGES) 
Why the CBC's Amanda Lang Review is Horseshit 
GOP leaders to skip Selma event 
Brooklyn Teen Charged With Assaulting A Cop Until This Video Proved The Police Were Lying 
Vancouver coast guard station officially closes 
FLA police fatally shoot 26-year-old man in 'no-knock raid' 
Wash Post Calls Ferguson Police Racketeering 
One-third of Canadians say they have "fallen behind" under Stephen Harper 
.@Rosemarrisa  you're a sad excuse for a human - your hatreds betray you - the sign of a weak and vapid intellect - you should not spawn
CNN: Ben Carson apologizes for comments on gay people 
Harper stirs prejudice against Muslims 
Harper stirs prejudice against Muslims by 
Red state governors: Not my problem if people lose their health coverage 
Tories accused of fear-mongering with Facebook post on Bill C-51 
Tories accused of fear-mongering with Facebook post on Bill C-51 
Why Big Corps Would Rather Waste Billions Of Dollars Than Give It To Workers 
Conservative Media Dismiss 8.2 Million Americans Who May Lose Health Insurance As A "Scare Tactic" 
Federal government ignoring the real threat to national security 
#GOPHypocrisy #GOPHatesAmerica
#NetanyahuSpeech #UniteBlue 
Marijuana Growers to Face More Jail Than Child Rapists Under New Harper Omnibus Bill 
Republicans are a joke - not a political party or ideology just a corporate whoring science denying joke #p2 #tcot 
Fossil Fuel's 1998 Plan To Reshape View Of Global Warming and Prevent Action 
What happened to lobbyists who tried to reshape US view of climate change? 
Harper has given Big Oil the right to bomb the arctic seabed #SaveTheArctic 
Remember when the people bailed out the banks? #p2 #tcot #cdnpoli #banksters 
Uphold The Charter - Reject rule of law violations in Bill C-51 
Leaked cables show Netanyahu’s Iran bomb claim contradicted by Mossad
Bibi a proven liar #cdnpoli #warmonger

Leaked cables show Netanyahu’s Iran bomb claim contradicted by Mossad
Went to Congress today to lie and warmonger #p2

.@jameslunneymp .@IsraeliPM Most important speech of our times? You're an idiot and know nothing about Iran 
.@jameslunneymp Hey! You'll be happy to know ISIS agrees with you about evolution #PeasInAPod #cdnpoli 
Committee won’t hear from former prime ministers on antiterror bill 
Ted Nugent Calls For Native Americans to ‘Go Back Where They Came From’ 
Crazy political perversions from your friends at the GOP #treason #p2 #tcot #warmongers 
DOJ Report Blasts Ferguson Cops For Pattern Of Racial Bias Against Blacks 
Limbaugh: "Benjamin Netanyahu Today Was Everything Barack Obama Is Not." 
Bibi is a liar and a warmonger
BBC News - Israel's Netanyahu - Iran a 'global threat' 
BC Conservative MP James Lunney tweets against evolution 
.@jameslunneymp .@idebunkforme Your ignorance is a disgrace and you don't know the meaning of the word science but then you're conservative
.@jameslunneymp you really are a vile little racist turd - is it in the conservative genes? Yes, yes it is! 
.@jameslunneymp Nice - showing your support for a war-mongering liar - at a conference for military industrial murderers  #cdnpoli
.@jameslunneymp Seriously: were you hit on the head numerous times by idiot backbenchers or you chose ignorance of your own accord? #cdnpoli
---&gt;@jameslunneymp&lt;--- This idiot is a conservative MP and a denier of evolution #unbelievable #cdnpoli Harper's Boys #religiousZealots
@jameslunneymp Amazing you could have gotten out of high school let alone elected. Your ignorance like you are a disgrace to Canada #cdnpoli
WND Writer Wants Congressional Black Caucus Hanging From A Noose For Boycotting Netanyahu 
This movie will expose climate denial like never before 
Harper government's vocabulary and sentences now consist of a noun a verb and terrorists #cdnpoli #cowards #demagogues
This unarmed 12 year old is supposed to have been the cause of his own shooting death by a trigger happy Pig #p2 
LA Times eviscerates 'Meet the Press' morons over climate change jokes 
Cleveland: Tamir Rice Caused His Own Death 
Fear Dominates Politics Media &amp; Human Existence in America. It’s Getting Worse 
Why millions of Christian evangelicals oppose Obamacare and civil rights 
.@KagroX I'd buy that book! Especially if it included that story about the time he ate fifty eggs on a bet. #p2 #byebyeOreilly

Young, uptight, greasy 
You would sell out your grandma 
For Steve's approval

#cdnpoli
Canada's worst premier Christy Clark isn't protecting BC's caribou - killing wolves is a smokescreen 
I Killed A Pregnant Woman. Don't Jail Me. 
Florida Shooter: I Killed A Pregnant Woman. Don't Jail Me 
Even the idiots at #tcot should be able to understand these numbers #p2 
Why millions of Christian evangelicals oppose Obamacare and civil rights 
.@jamenta Don't know - I meant they were low insects - actual cockroaches pretty noble in comparison
Whatever happened to the pieces of shit whores who staged this fake demonstration? #p2 #tcot #cockroaches 
.@stribe39 Thanks Scott! I understand polls - just wanted to point out the obvious - no one cares but he kills it in QP
"Bringing a foreign leader before Congress to challenge a president’s policies is unprecedented." 
Georgia Republicans propose airing of right-wing propaganda as 'history' in public schools 
The EKOS poll: The New Democrats are back in the ring | iPolitics   
Which 12 Democrats Just Joined the GOP to Vote for Government-by-Crisis? 
Christie Settles $9 Billion NJ Pollution Case Against Exxon for $250 Million 
A message to Republicans: millions of Americans won't forget how you treated their mom and dad 
Inhoffe Brings A Snowball To The Senate Floor To Prove Climate Change A 'Hoax' 
Republican Brings A Snowball To The Senate Floor To Prove Climate Change Is A 'Hoax' 
BBC: Russia opposition politician Boris Nemtsov shot dead 
This guy thinks it's great Boehner and the GOP are shutting Down DHS #p2 #tcot #hahaha #assholes 
Russian opposition leader Nemtsov shot dead in Moscow 
.@authorsrgen .@billhillier You're right of course but sadly modern conservatives are shameless #heartless #gutless #cdnpoli
Veterans must verify lost limbs every three years, Ottawa says 
Veterans must verify lost limbs every three years, Harper Gov't says 
Uninsured wing-nut, anti-Obamacare ex-sheriff raising money for medical bills 
Uninsured anti-Obamacare ex-sheriff raising money for medical bills 
From @TheRealNimoy: A  life is like a garden. Perfect moments can be had, but not preserved, except in memory. LLAP
Already missed.
Obama: I loved Spock 
Grizzly trophy hunt depends on support from provincial gov't insiders 
Anybody-but-Stephen Harper trend gains momentum 
Republican Presidential Hopeful Ben Carson Says There’s No Such Thing As A War Crime 
Republican Presidential Hopeful Says There’s No Such Thing As A War Crime 
AFA Now Has Its Own 'Hate Map': Targeting Is OK When They Do It   
.@CHURCHLADY320 Lol!
.@CHURCHLADY320 Think he was drunk or just a rude jerk? #boehner #p2
Speaker John Boehner does something so strange in response to serious question from reporter 

They want their feelings conside…
This pic made me laugh and wince at the same time #p2 #PoliceBrutality 
Meetings between Kinder Morgan and feds leave no paper trail 
The right’s fear of education: What I learned as a (former) conservative military man 
Gestapo tactics at US police 'black site' ring alarm from Chicago to Washington 
Hydro-Québec's 2014 profit surges 15% due to cold weather 
Burwell: SCOTUS ruling against Obamacare will hurt millions of poor 
GOP Lawmaker: Cancer Is "Fungus" Can Be Flushed Out with Baking Soda!  
'Gestapo' tactics at US police 'black site' ring alarm from Chicago to Washington 
Fox's Eric Bolling: "I'm Just Laughing" At The Idea That "Anything A Guy Can Do, A Woman Can Do Better" 
Texas legislature celebrates ban on gay marriage with traditional bigotry cake 
Taxpayers Paid Legal Bills for Tory MPs in Robocalls Case 
Luckily the Brave Brave Men of the Republican 101st Keyboard Commandos Suffered Few Casualties in the War. #p2 #tcot 
LAPD kill unarmed mentally ill veteran on TV. Their defense won't shock you. 
Mysterious East Coast flooding was caused by 'unprecedented' surge in sea level 
East Coast flooding caused by 'unprecedented' surge in sea level 
.@BladeNeon .@Hemporium17th So very brave these American hunters - #p2
Koch-Funded Allies Descend on Wisconsin to Push Right to Work 
49% of Republicans do not believe in evolution 
Harper's version of austerity involves spending your money on really dumb shit #cdnpoli

Harper's version of austerity involves spending your money on really dumb shit #cdnpoli
$113 million for 
Harper's version of austerity involves spending your money on really dumb shit #cdnpoli

Harper's version of austerity involves spending your money on really dumb shit #cdnpoli
Spent $28 million to tell us War of 1812 was awesome
Harper's version of austerity involves spending your money on really dumb shit #cdnpoli 
Giuliana Rancic Apologizes for Racist hate-filled Zendaya Hair Remark 
Britain leading the war against human rights 
Barbara Boxer Knocks It Out Of The F*cking Park On GOP Hatred, Hypocrisy &amp; Irresponsibility  
Harper Ramming Dangerous Laws Down Canadians' throats #cdnpoli 
Crude Awakening: How the Keystone Veto Dashes Canada's 'Superpower' Dreams 
Andrew Wilkinson's student debt numbers don't match gov't survey 
Rep Glenn Grothman urges constituents to keep an eye on the types of things people on Food Share buy 
Things republican teaparty vote for #insanity #inanity #CantAndVanity #p2 #tcot 
President Obama Vetoes Keystone Pipeline Bill 
The Guardian: “The disappeared: Chicago police detain Americans at abuse-laden 'black site'” 
Harper's Controversial Fascist Anti-Terror Bill Passes Second Reading 
Fuck you, Stephen Harper - Can't be said enough  
Fox News Rallies Behind Bigoted Florist Who Refused To Serve Gay Couple 
Fox's Bolling Dismisses Dangers Of Right-Wing Terrorists After Yrs Of Deadly Attacks 
ht…
Will it never end? Another day, another racist slur from right leaning media - followed by a brilliant response 
.@TheBettyDick Hilarious Ellie! Just did a spit take - fried rice all over my screen!
Glenn Reynolds Asks If Voters Should Pass A Patriotism Test 
Idaho lawmaker asks if woman can swallow camera for remote gynecological exam 
Rudy Giuliani explains himself, says "Obama's opposition to criminal acts undermines U.S. security" 
Leaked cables show Netanyahu’s Iran bomb claim contradicted by Mossad 
Canadian libricide: Harper Tories torch and dump centuries of priceless irreplaceable environmental archives 
How Michele Bachmann inspired 
When a teaparty or republican says they're strict constitutionalists they mean they believe blacks are 3/5ths of a person #p2 #tcot #biteme
What Rudy Giuliani knows about love 

Sure, John, how about you listen to OUR elected leader instead? You fucking tr…
Local Fox anchor complains about Lady Gaga’s ‘jigaboo music’ during Oscars coverage 
Understanding Harper's Evangelical Mission | The Tyee 
Harper's War on Science: A long, unexaggerated, devastating chronological indictment up to 2013 
What happened to all the material from the Department of Fisheries and Oceans libraries? 
How the Harper Government Committed a Knowledge Massacre 
Clement defends $2.3 million of taxpayer dollars to photograph cabinet ministers 
.@calgarykiaguy .@OttawaCitizen @gmbutts NO! Back up what you assert or go away
.@calgarykiaguy .@OttawaCitizen 
5 Insane Right-Wing Moments this Week: Giuliani Comes Totally Unhinged 
Giuliani Says He Received Death Threats After Comments On Obama 
.@calgarykiaguy @OttawaCitizen Send the link - I've zero interest in your opinion
5 Insane Right-Wing Moments this Week: Giuliani Comes Totally Unhinged 
Chuck Todd went all Jon Stewart on Traditional Mainstream Media &amp; on Rudy Giuliani 
Deeper Ties to Corporate Cash for Doubtful Climate Researcher 
.@calgarykiaguy .@OttawaCitizen send me the link to the article pls
Prime minister a no-show at Commons' anti-terror debate 
Stephen Hawking's boycott hits Israel where it hurts: science 
DHS intelligence report warns of domestic right-wing terror threat 
Bill C-51 could be the biggest bait and switch Canada has ever seen 
Global Warming May Spawn New Disease Outbreaks 
.@nojgr Thanks! Knew about this story but Canadians need to be reminded - too complacent about their rights
Flip the debt - wanna' see the national debt erased? Get the 1% to pay their damned taxes like you have to #p2

Obamacare will cover about 19 million people this year 
RCMP arrest radical eco-terrorists planting trees 50 km from pipeline 
~@titleixbaby @TheObamaDiary

#UniteBlue #TNTweeters 
HOW TO LOVE #AMERICA.   
#RudyGiuliani 
#hypocrisy 
#Racist 
#cheaters 
Rex Murphy gets it right on Harper's frightening and fascist Bill C51 #cdnpoli

.@Navymom21 Sure they do - let's see evidence that it wasn't members of his own criminal family - really good link chock full of evidence
Harper’s tough-guy image turns turtle 
Doctor Refuses To Care For Gay Couple's Baby - Conservative Media's "Religious Freedom"? 
Hey Harper - Want to stop promoting terrorism? Stop calling them 'jihadists' 
Harper’s tough-guy image turns turtle 
Doctor Refuses To Care For Gay Couple's Baby - Jesus would be so proud 
Giuliani: Obama Had a White Mother, So I’m Not a Racist 
Stop Wolf Slaughter In Canada 
Jean Chrétien, Joe Clark, Paul Martin and John Turner: Voicing opposition to C-51 
@marshallpalmer5 Hilarious! didn't see your tweet until it was too late - ran out of gas - blocked the most egrigious of gnats she attracted
.@jaxnmelody @Bloviate_Barbie Rich were taxed at 80 to 90% in the 50's and 60'd and it built a great middle-class - also the GI bill helped
@BrowningMachine .@Bloviate_Barbie @Cris12Ken seriously - you just make shit up, believe it, then pat your back? 
@BrowningMachine .@Bloviate_Barbie @Cris12Ken Rest of the world does better than the US 
@Bloviate_Barbie @Cris12Ken @BrowningMachine Mom's 80 doing fine - when she's needed care she's received it in timely fashion - not perfect
@Bloviate_Barbie @Cris12Ken @BrowningMachine If the truth is not as I described it, show me otherwise or you know, #shaddup
.@Bloviate_Barbie .@Cris12Ken .@BrowningMachine Terror attack? You nitwit! A mentally deranged refugee from a homeless shelter with a gun!
@Cris12Ken @Bloviate_Barbie @BrowningMachine I guess it's sad that we're not screwed but we can look forward to it? #sociopaths
@Bloviate_Barbie @BrowningMachine @Cris12Ken She was diagnosed and treated in '95 - care is just fine and it never bankrupts you! #moron
.@Bloviate_Barbie How many republican governors refused to give it to their citizens? hold their feet to the fire if you actually care
.@Bloviate_Barbie more than 10 million who didn't have insurance now have insurance. You want better? go single-payer! but you don't do you?
.@Bloviate_Barbie Your obtuseness - refusal to actually engage - you're still throwing half truths and talking to some unseen enemy -afraid?
.@Bloviate_Barbie I included Obama you obtuse child - need I mention them all?
.@Bloviate_Barbie Yeah. People will have coverage!
.@Bloviate_Barbie Yep. but you realize that he like every repub you ever voted for is a card carrying member of the establishment right?
.@Bloviate_Barbie For all the flaws which are fixable there are now millions covered who had no care &amp; were at risk of catastrophic illness
.@Bloviate_Barbie Fox's Varney said it'll cost 50, 000 per enrolee - politifact disagrees 
.@Bloviate_Barbie That's from the CBO 
.@Bloviate_Barbie ACA is projected to cut national deficit by over $200 billion during its first 10 yrs, over $1 trillion over the next 20
.@Bloviate_Barbie mention a policy!!! then we can have an argument - this is sophistry
.@Bloviate_Barbie There's been no political animosity - just animosity
@Bloviate_Barbie You have not mentioned a single policy position you dislike or has been horrible - how about good old Benghazi?
@Bloviate_Barbie @KarenChestney This is your idea of an argument? It comes without facts without links without thought or care and it stinks
.@Bloviate_Barbie Good comeback Potsie! Where's the 'I know you are but what am I?' Still in your quiver?
.@Bloviate_Barbie Love the solipsism, stay for the idiocy! Your definition of critical thinking would be someone ho agrees with you? #haha
.@Bloviate_Barbie These anti-Obama citizens you speak of - is that all that's on their minds? #derangement
@Bloviate_Barbie. @KarenChestney You're hilarious and kind of slug like - how do you get your pods to operate the keyboard #vermin
.@Bloviate_Barbie I never said that - I responded a pic saying race card could no longer be played - As long as there is hate and ignorance
@Bloviate_Barbie @KarenChestney Something a little deeper 

@Bloviate_Barbie @KarenChestney 



@Bloviate_Barbie @KarenChestney 

.@Bloviate_Barbie .@KarenChestney .@TheLastWord No. It was the race card I was referring to - it ain't over 'til you all stop doing it #p2
.@Bloviate_Barbie .@KarenChestney .@TheLastWord Sorry you never get a pass for your hate and ignorance  #p2 #tcot If it talks like a racist

Obama did not double our debt. Your unpaid wars, recession, and tax cuts did.

#ObamaLovesAmerica 
Conservative motion to shut down debate on C-51 after TWO hours of debate! The 1st victim in Harper's attack on free speech #cdnpoli
Love this!

come on #tcot who got it right? #p2 
Life viewed as a conservative science denier #p2 #tcot 
Conservative minister screws up racially divisive email to supporters 
Stephen Harper playing role of Bizarro Robin Hood #cdnpoli Working for the wealthy and international oil corps 
.@DineshDSouza When you say unpresidential conduct - do you mean spending trillions on a war you lied your nation into? Torture? #p2
What the terrorist threat to Canada really looks like #cdnpoli #StopHarper 
Majority say they'll work past 66, retirement survey indicates 
Christy Clark's B.C. wolf cull will likely last 5 yrs, asst. deputy minister says 
Fox's Elizabeth Hasslebeck finding new ways to share her hatred with viewers 
NDP prepares to oppose anti-terror bill over broad language, lack of oversight 
Wanna piss off Harper Gov't?
Need to know about shipping bitumen #cdnpoli

Possibly the stupidest thing you will see all week - a christian explaining why dinosaurs aren't real #p2 #cdnpoli

Internal RCMP Doc. Says “Violent Anti-Petroleum Extremists” Threat to Gov't &amp; Industry 
Caring about the climate is not a crime in Canada. Yet! 
9 weirdest things about RCMP "intelligence" report on the anti-petroleum movement 
Halifax murder plot shows absurdity of anti-terror laws 
Police in Wichita, Kansas conduct 'no-knock raid', trash house, find nothing 
Canada's PM venturing into fascist territory - if it walks like a fascist and passes fascist laws... #cdnpoli 
Trudeau to Harper: Promote vaccinations, not yourself 
Vaccine promotion spending has been cut, Justin Trudeau charges 
Canada’s Stephen Harper left shaken by scandals, defections and cheap oil 
The GOP hates the middle class - loves them some evil billionaires #p2 #tcot #DivideAndConquer 


Hard to take conservatives seriously when the habitually defend murderers #p2 #tcot 
.@1EXconservative .@HeatherRenwick The rancor might stem from the RC documentary on his affiliation with evangelical extremists #cdnpoli
Harper: Radio-Canada employees hate conservative values 
Radio-Canada employees hate conservative values, Harper says 
Radio-Canada employees hate conservative values, Harper says 
@LifeLuvr1205 Yes, yes I'm just like Karl Marx! Have you read the vile tripe that inspired my comment? Or are you low vermin too?
.@CavalryLife @LadySandersfarm Your hilarious! A cartoon with no curiosity or insight - repeating well worn tropes - stuff you heard
.@CavalryLife .@LadySandersfarm You're like so deep! But I never said racist the word is hateful -  you know, teaparty republican #p2
.@AaronOdenJ Spoken like someone who disagrees with you? My stars! How will you cope Bubba?
Dispute my point or shadddup! Or prove yours #p2
.@LifeLuvr1205 .@LadySandersfarm :D IBut yeah, it sure was racist of me to point out your hate and ignorance. #p2 #tcot #WallowInIt
.@LifeLuvr1205 .@LadySandersfarm Sure hope the society to protect inbred hillbilly racists doesn't hear about my tweet! #p2 #tcot #hahaha
.@AaronOdenJ Through hell huh? Forcing people who signed up for the National Guard to go fight and die overseas in a "war of choice"? #p2
.@LadySandersfarm &lt;--- #ILoveObama because I get to read what inbred hillbillies believe - I didn't know how hateful they really were #p2
@davidlmaloney Know what fueled the 50's and 60's asshole? Socialism! Rich were taxed at 90% Paid for the GI Bill and built all those roads
.@bcwestmind Clearly Iceland got it right. Here in Canada our PM works for Banks, Corporate and Big Oil interests. It's disgusting #cdnpoli

#WarOnWomen #SupremeCourt 
#Abortion…
#ILoveObama because he makes right-wingers reveal their true nature: #ignorance #hate #racism #CorporateLackeys #p2 #tcot
#ILoveObama Osama bin Ladens alive 2009: 1
Osama bin Ladens alive 2015: 0


#haha #p2 #tcot
#ILoveObama Federal deficit, 2009: 9.8 percent of GDP
Deficit in 2014: 2.8 percent of GDP

#p2 #tcot
.@toadstone_  I wasn't there when Obama started the middle-east mess by waging a war of choice in Iraq #fail #p2
.@RickyBabaloo .@JeffersonObama Happily your dead wrong - #p2

Harper's Police State Law 
Boehner gives into crazy caucus, wil shut down Homeland Security 
Obama says he has cut national deficit in half 
.@RealAlexJones You're hilarious for a guy that deals in half truths and makes money off of gullible morons #demagogue #racist #hate #p2
.@CharlesRossJr This is amongst the stupidest things I have ever read - I block morons - you qualified - enjoy your solipsism -

Credit Default Swap CDS

@knoxk…

@knoxkp @vansopinion8ted
Ottawa’s tribute to the Canadian Flag is embarrassing 
What someone who gives a crap about his fellow citizens looks like #cdnpoli #p2 #tcot #ConservativesAreWhores 
.@Crockatteer .@EnrightCBC the depth of ignorance displayed by conservatives still surprises me  #cdnpoli
Idaho woman arrested for trying to convert Jewish acquaintance to Jesus by beating her 
.@Crockatteer @lgarvin62 @EnrightCBC.@CBCSunday Joan? Are you as ignorant as your boss? A religious zealot too? #CorporateWhore #cdnpoli
.@Crockatteer Sun News death was awesome! Lies about science and global warming is not a contribution to Canadian journalism #cdnpoli #idiot
@Jeff_Jacoby @ezralevant @IBDeditorials Yeah! How dare Obama have funnow and then? No wars of choice no ignoring massive domestic disasters
Indiana Man Says Fox News Got Him Riled Up Before He Torched Ohio Mosque 
.@PierrePoilievre Cheerfully lying about unions in your fund-raising e-mails? The only radical agenda is yours #CorporateWhore #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre Cheerful because as minister responsible for employment you've never had a real job in the private sector? #cdnpoli #fraud
.@PierrePoilievre Helpfully telling former residential school students they needed a stronger work ethic, not compensation dollars #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre Ever tell your constituents you got your job because you provided robocall services for the Conservative Party? #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre So Very Wise in your description of terrorism's cause: "The root cause of terrorism is terrorists." #cdnpoli #imbecile
.@PierrePoilievre Trustworthy? When you lie about Stephen Harper's job creation record?

@PierrePoilievre Kindly abolishing existing labour laws and introducing new laws modeled after right-to-work laws in the U.S.? #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre Cheerfully abolishing existing Canadian labour laws and introducing new laws modeled after right-to-work laws in the U.S.?
.@PierrePoilievre You were so kind and cheerful on the day Canada issued a formal apology for residential schools. You said what? #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre You strive to be cheerful when stealing the vote? Well isn't that special you little turd! #cdnpoli
Parliament must reject Harper’s secret policeman bill 
.@PierrePoilievre Because boy scouts steal votes too? and lie about unions contributions to Canadian workers? #asshole #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre You do these things by disenfranchising the poor, the elderly and students? #StealTheVote #cdnpoli
.@PierrePoilievre Saw your e-mail slandering unions you lying sack of shit - so you've nothing but lies and demagogeury? #asshole #cdnpoli
NYT's: Those Who Deny Climate Science Are Not ‘Skeptics 
What Cuba can teach Canada (and The U.S.) about vaccines 
Cuba has not had a single reported case of measles since 1993 - I guess Jessica Simpson has no influence in Cuba #hahaha #p2 #cdnpoli
.@Beari8it It absolutely is. and BP is still trying to weasel out of paying what they owe for damages #criminals
Bottlenose Dolphin Deaths Linked To BP Oil Spill 
Unusual String Of Bottlenose Dolphin Deaths Linked To BP Oil Spill 
Anti-‘Geoengineering’ National Academy Report Opposes ‘Climate-Altering Deployment’ 
.@deBeauxOs1 .@trapdinawrpool .@stephenlautens I missed this plunge into absurdity - how does this man stand himself? #cdnpoli
Larry Summers Can Go F Himself 
.@enleuk True. They discovered the gyre filled with plastics around '98 I believe and then there were no media follow ups for 7 or 8 years
Sarah Palin: Dying caribou have to ‘take one for the team’ so we can expand oil pipelines 
There’s a scary amount of plastic in the ocean. Here’s who put it there 
The Shame of US Journalism Is the Destruction of Iraq, Not Fake Helicopter Stories 
@.michellemalkin You forgot the work Eeeeek! you cowardly, lying, propagandist #RepublicanWhore #shill #hack #liar
.@kilmeade .@foxandfriends You have a problem but then how surprising is that? You're a moron with the wit and IQ of slug #hack #shill
Creationist mom: 'Please, get dinosaurs taken off the curriculum' 
VIDEO released shows Alabama police paralyzing innocent Indian grandfather  - officer arrested 
Montreal twitter followers - I am on a terrific show with 3 great f'n comics tomorrow at the Brass Door 9 PM! 
New Tory employment minister brings American-style right-wing agenda to the job 
When America behaved like ISIS: The Bible Belt’s dark history of public lynchings 
Research Links Australia’s Extreme Heat To Climate Change 
Research Links Australia’s Extreme Heat To Climate Change 
Pasco, Washington, police have killed more people than police in Germany &amp; UK combined 
Coca-Cola ends automated Twitter campaign after it tweets parts of Mein Kampf!  
Coca-Cola ends automated Twitter campaign after it tweets parts of Mein Kampf 
Oil And Gas Industry Gave $250K To Senators Who Voted 'Yes' 
Oil and Gas Give 10 Times More Money to Senators Voting for KeystoneXL 
Harper wants to make it harder for you to vote in 2015 
Harper wants to make it harder for you to vote in 2015 
Ernst says she earned the right to call herself a ‘combat veteran’ despite never seeing combat 
Anti-‘Geoengineering’ National Academy Report Opposes ‘Climate-Altering Deployment’ 
To Warrior Prince Stephen Harper, the slowing economy is old news 
Are Conservatives race-baiting Facebook with this First Nations petition? 
Climate Change a Greater Threat Than Terrorism, White House Says 
CBC reports that the B.C. government secretly plans on mass killing of B.C. wolves for years 
GOP Prez Candidates Say They Are Worried About Income Inequality, Push Policies That Worsen It 
.@SupaReaper .@scottandrewh That's kind of my take too - but it's very very hard to fight this as a cop - cost you your job, your life even
When America behaved like ISIS: The Bible Belt’s dark history of public lynchings 
Halliburton oilfield layoffs to affect hundreds in Alberta 
Anti-terror plan to spy on toddlers 'is heavy-handed’ | via @Telegraph 
.@scottandrewh. @SupaReaper Well, they're crappy civil servants and even worse peace officers - a dangerous police culture exists
.@SchultzTana Deport his sorry ass back to Canada - not that we want him :)
.@SupaReaper I do everything in my power to make sure my life path and theirs do not cross - want nothing whatsoever to do with cops
Montana state representative wants to outlaw yoga pants in public 
America is a scary, violent place; 32 people a day shot &amp; killed, most of any developed nation 
Kevin Davis wrongly killed by police after calling 911 for help 
When Corporations Sue Countries For Profit 
Grandfather visiting Alabama from India stopped by police while taking walk, left partly paralyzed 
Cruz introduces bill to defend states against marriage equality 
.@PooPooPeDo No - but that's hilarious! This was Jeb Bush in a case of epic pandering - quite revolting really
Jeb Bush was key player in the Terry Schiavo fiasco. Michael Schiavo hasn't forgiven him 
NAFTA panel halts probe of Canadian tarsands oversight 
UPDATE 1-NAFTA panel halts probe of Canadian oil sands oversight 
Conservatives Dance On Grave Of ISIL Hostage: 'Jew-Hating, Anti-Israel B**ch' 
Ku Klux Klan takes a stand with Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore 
The monarch massacre: Nearly a billion butterflies have vanished 
Robert Reich: Wealthy Have Pulled America Back to the 19th Century 
.@Re_Reeset Cool! Look forward to seeing you there Reese!
I'm on a terrific show tonight in NDG at Cafe Shaika at 9 PM (Old Orchard &amp; Sherbrooke W.) Loads of fun and free!

#environment 
.@SteveKingIA You racist turd - your mind is infested with cockroaches - someone needs to draw you with a Klan hood #repuKKKes #p2 #tcot
The FBI Is Making House Calls to Keystone XL Opponents 
.@Kuku_Sabzi Good point! The kkk loves them some christianity -
Fox Host: Christians Have Killed Zero People In The Name Of Religion  
Canada Revenue Agency says ‘preventing poverty’ not allowed as goal for charity 
Koch brothers killed Medicaid expansion in Tenn. they're coming for your state 
HSBC files show how Swiss bank helped clients dodge taxes and hide millions 
Maine Report Warns Of ‘Urgent’ Need To Address Ocean Acidification 
.@leonaaglukkaq You are a whore to oil corps like your boss. You will go down in history as the worst environment minister ever #cdnpoli
.@leonaaglukkaq You are the worst minister for Canada's environment our country has ever had. You shame Canada every day.#cdnpoli
Harper Gov't giving CRA has new mandate to fight crime by passing suspect info to police 
B.C. Gov't approves controversial Fraser River gravel mining project 
.@SL3VINKEL3VRA You use the word debate? You call what you do debate? Shouting all libs are mad and adding a 'nyuk' is not debating #halfwit
.@SL3VINKEL3VRA Holy teabagger Batman! New heights of moronic stupidity and lack of understanding ! 
are you really that dumb?
.@SL3VINKEL3VRA Hilarious that you haven't the wit or curiosity to know the answer to that Q - ignorant is no way to go through life dude
.@SL3VINKEL3VRA All those rights you whine about - liberal in origin - the modern state liberal in origin
.@SL3VINKEL3VRA England laid the foundations for the modern liberal state by passing bill of rights and principle of consent of the governed

#tcot #WarOnSpelling 

Stop the Gay! Preserve the Sactity of Marriage!1!1! 
.@Freedom4Dummies and you post a picture of a guy who doubled the debt and sold arms to terrorists #hilarious #WakeUpAmerica #derp #p2
.@SL3VINKEL3VRA I know this is hard to understand but you're being laughed at and shat upon with pretty decent accuracy #WakeUpAmerica #p2

#tcot #WarOnSpelling 

Obamer = wealth distri........ 

#tcot #WarOnSpelling 

We Are Awake!1!1! 

#tcot #WarOnSpelling 

Close our Boarders!1!1! 

#tcot #WarOnSpelling 

Je Suis Joe!1!1! 
.@gygyg931 #GFY psycho
GOP lawmaker on rape: 'What is beautiful is the child that could come from this' 
Why a Mississippi Republican is now a Democrat 
How American Oligarchs Are Pushing America to the Brink of Fascism 
U.S. Veteran: ‘American Sniper’ Is Filled With Lies 
Why Are Conservatives Such Whiny Crybabies? 
#ff .@lise_latulippe #FollowEveryday
Half the American public is so stupid that there's no political price to be paid for being grotesquely hateful 
John Hagee: Obama's Treatment Of Benjamin Netanyahu Will Cause God To Destroy America 
Fox News site embeds unedited Isis video showing brutal murder 
What the Conservatives don't want you to know about their "Exaggerating-crime" agenda   
Creationist theme park ppl to sue state for not giving them free money 
Man threatens girlfriend 7 times in a month, then kills her hours after she begs police for help 
@AndrewAbbass I signed earlier - thanks
Florida cops have a different concept of 'your rights', assault ex-NYPD cop. 
I Had an Ectopic Pregnancy, Anti-Choice Laws Could Have Made My Experience Much Worse 
Deficit or not, Harper failed to strengthen economy and create jobs 
Canadian Federal programs/research facilities that have been shut down or had funding reduced 
Angry Christian rails against godless society — atheist’s polite response is perfect 
Vermin that is Alex Jones Defends "Listener" Rand Paul On Vaccines By Attacking "Whore," CNBC Anchor 
Glad to see the last of John Baird - You can come out of the closet now #cdnpoli 
Snowden: Canadians should be extraordinarily cautious over Tory terrorism bill 
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler: This Is How We Will Ensure Net Neutrality 
Utah Lawmaker Questions Whether Sex With An Unconscious Person Should Always Be Considered Rape 
With the muzzling of scientists, Harper’s obsession with controlling the message verges on the Orwellian 
Harper government waging a war on science 
Federal programs, research facilities that have been shut down or had funding reduced 
Canada's war on science brings us international shame 
Jesse Hagopian: "I Was Pepper-Sprayed by Seattle Police on MLK Day" 
Trump: I'm 'Totally Pro-Vaccine' But I've Seen Them Cause 'Horrible Autism' 
Elizabeth May: PMO a '$10-million-a-year partisan operation filled with ruthless, cutthroat psychopaths.' #pmHarper #GoodCall #cdnpoli
GOP Anti-Vaxxer: Help, Help, We're Being Oppressed 
How is this even a thing? #tcot #p2
GOP Rep On Vaccines: An 'Oppressive State' Shouldn't Tell Us What To Do 
GOP Rep On Vaccines: An 'Oppressive State' Shouldn't Tell Us What To Do 
ABC News' Laura Ingraham Pushes Vaccine Myth That ABC News Called Discredited 
Republican senator says restaurants should be able to opt-out of mandatory handwashing  
Republicans redistributing wealth from middle-class workers to finance tax cuts for the wealthy 
Hannity: "I'm Not Trusting Obama To Tell Me Whether To Vaccinate My Kids" 
Hannity: "I'm Not Trusting Pres. Obama To Tell Me Whether To Vaccinate My Kids" 
Hannity: "I'm Not Trusting Obama To Tell Me Whether To Vaccinate My Kids" 
Bill Moyers: Goodnight Democracy 
Deficit or not, Harper still failed to strengthen economy and create jobs 
Brave Brave Florida police draw gun on 11-year-old girl in her own home 
10 Companies That Dodge Taxes (And It's All Legal) 
Fox host Andrea Tantaros responds to measles outbreak with junk science and remarkable stupidity 
Scientists offered cash to dispute climate study 
Rand One-Ups Christie On Vaccinations: Most 'Ought To Be Voluntary' 
Arizona measles exposure worries parents of at-risk kids 
Going on the air @ 8 AM - Stream here - 
Jazz and Politics ( mostly Canadian ) #cdnpoli
Dean Del Mastro asks judge to set aside election overspending guilty verdicts 
@emmawilkie Hello Emma! :)
If it walks like theocratic fascist and talks like a theocratic fascist... #p2 #tcot #religion #extremism 
.@Shoq .@RadioFreeTom Libs ain't perfect but they didn't lose their minds to conspiracy mad, gov't hating, racist, John Bircher-ism #p2
How Canada’s anti-science leaders are wrecking the Arctic 
New Rochelle police officer holds (BLACK) teens at gunpoint over a snowball fight 
Shedding Light On 3 Big Lies About Systemic Pesticides 
6 to 10 million gallons of oil from BP oil spill are buried in the sediment on Gulf floor #p2 #cdnpoli BP Did This!

Study projects unprecedented loss of corals in Great Barrier Reef due to warming 
Good morning!
#p2 #cdnpoli #tcot #religion 
Damage from cancelled census as bad as feared, researchers say 
KS Gov't Misses Revised Expectations, State Nearing Pay Day Loan Economy 
KS Gov't Misses Revised Expectations, State Nearing Pay Day Loan Economy 
Scientific achievements viewed more negatively by American public since 2009 
What Demagoguery Looks Like
Mike Huckabee: "Obama Favors Muslims. Fine With Stomping All Over Christians" 
State Officials Trying To Gut Obamacare Get Caught Making False Claims To The SCOTUS 
State Officials Trying To Gut Obamacare Get Caught Making False Claims To The SCOTUS 
State Officials Trying To Gut Obamacare Get Caught Making False Claims To Supreme Court 
What Demagoguery Looks Like: Mike Huckabee: Obama Favors Muslims, Fine With 'Stomping All Over Christians'  
Fox News: Obama Admin. Is "...Wholeheartedly Unworthy" Of Fighting Terrorism 
Canadian workforce at lowest level in 14 years in 2014 
11 Days of Wolf Killing in B.C. because Christy Clark OK-ed it 
Republicans laughably trying to cast themselves as party of the middle class and Take All The Koch Bros Money 
Grizzly bear pop. at risk in B.C. as Liberal gov't aligns with trophy hunters 
Michelle Obama Gives Zero F*cks About What the Saudis Wanted Her To Wear 
"Never Again" stuff is cant &amp; vanity Since WWII we've seen attempted genocides take place in Asian African and European nations #p2 #cdnpoli
The Prosecutor Who Filed Murder Charges Against The Cops Is Becoming A Police Target 
Indiana Solar Bill Crafted By Utilities Sparks Outrage, Raises Costs 
.@joe1scott1 The answer to that would be no limit to harper gov't demagoguery and lies. #PMharper: no conscience, no heart, no soul #cdnpoli
Anti-marijuana ad's 'fear-mongering' and Lies angers CBC readers 
Harper's Anti-marijuana ad's dubious claims (LIES) a scary hit with parents 
Harper's Anti-marijuana fear mongering and lies cost Canadian gov't $7 million, documents show 
Krugman on Real Reason Reality Doesn't Make Slightest Dent in the Right-wing Brain 
Pat Robertson to elderly woman: Reverse mortgage a ‘good deal’ to help pay ’700 Club’ dues 
Republicans view on Rape #WarOnWomen #p2 #tcot 
Dean Del Mastro asks judge to set aside election overspending guilty verdict 
Congressman Blows A Hole In Attkisson's Benghazi Documents "Bombshell" 
The Conservative Movement Is Infected With Scams 
France and England Teach America How to Take Down Fox 
Pennsylvania man shoots 15-yr-old boy multiple times for throwing snowballs at his car 
Yellowstone Oil Spill Missing from Keystone XL Coverage On CNN, Fox 
Fox news and conservative media helped send 4,482 U.S. soldiers to senseless and unnecessary deaths and they attack Michael Moore?! #p2
Only income group he's down in past month: $90K+ 
Conservatives lament decline of Palin following rambling weekend speech 
Gay Ala. Lawmaker Threatens To Out Colleagues' Affairs 
Todd Starnes: Jesus would thank American sniper for sending godless Muslims to ‘lake of fire’ 
Todd Starnes: Jesus would thank ‘American sniper’ for sending ‘godless’ Muslims to ‘the lake of fire’ 
Fox radio host: Jesus wld thank American sniper for sending godless Muslims to the lake of fire 
.@PeterStandUp Not much - apparently sad and miserable at losing his gig like it says - sad - an economy with few middle-class jobs
Harper Gov't's re-tooled anti-terror law to be introduced Friday 
Burnaby gains an unexpected ally in the fight against Kinder Morgan 
Conservatives’ use of government ads is unbelievably cynical 
.@Green_Footballs .@DLoesch Dana Loesch a nutjob? She's a hate-filled, bile spewing, fear-mongering racist, but she does it for money #whore
Billionaire threatens charity donations if Pope continues support for the poor 
‘Our god wins’: Jindal tells atheists his hate group prayer rally is ‘time-honored tradition’ 
Jindal-Hate Group Relationship You Won't Hear About This Weekend 
Right-wing intellectual heavy-weight Kid Rock Blasts Seth Rogen, Michael Moore For 'American Sniper' Criticisms 
Harper Gov't Spends $22 Million of Taxpayer Money On International Ad Campaign Promoting Tarsands 
Gotta' say I can hardly believe Big Oil is stuck with something this stupid for a campaign meme. #p2 #cdnpoli 
.@HeartlandInst Wow! The bigger the lie, I guess?
1,485 billion tons of CO2 and counting and you're arguing that has no effect?
#p2 #cdnpoli
TD expert tells Canadian oil producers to brace for a second shock 
Right Wing Think-tank wonders if a good job, good pay and a good pension is "fair"? 
Why haven’t any Harper-friendly charities been scrutinized: Keenan 
Palin is 'very interested' in running for the White House in 2016 
Trump Keeps Trolling: I Woulda Beaten Obama Might Run In 2016  
If you don’t understand how people fall into poverty you’re probably a sociopath or a conservative 
Melinda Gates shames anti-vaxxers "who have forgotten what measles death looks like" 
Maine boots thousands off of food stamps for not having jobs that don't exist 
John McCain: 'Everything I've predicted ... has come true' 
No, no it hasn't! 

This is hilarious! #halfwit #p2 #tcot
Harper Lets Chinese Businessmen Pay $80,000 to Hunt Polar Bears in Canada: 
'With Jews We Lose' Senate Candidate Arrested In Kentucky At MLK Protest 
The Davos oligarchs are right to fear the world they’ve made 
Six Weeks’ Paid Leave Opposed By People With Thirty-Three Weeks’ Paid Leave 
American Sniper Chris Kyle was proved a liar by Jesse Ventura, HarperCollins may owe the former governor millions 
“This Guy’s Clearly a Complete Idiot”: We might be used to it, but France cannot believe how stupid Fox is. 
Republicans edit climate-denial mockery out of Obama’s State of the Union 
.@jonkarl This participation in Koch event makes you a whore, a hack and a shill #p2 #tcot

#TripleThreat @abc
.@barachoix Less nonsense flowing through their everyday thoughts and reasoning
Republicans' Netanyahu outreach changes the game 
Inhofe cites Bible to prove humans aren't causing global warming 
Huckabee: God's Blessing Would Help Me as President to Stop 'Secular Theocracy' 
'American Sniper' Has Incited Death Threats and Racism -- It's Far from 'Apolitical' 
How secular family values stack up 
Is John Boehner a Traitor? 
Is John Boehner a Traitor? 
Fox Guest: "Mr. Holder, It's Time To Cut Darren Wilson Down From That Tree" 
Oklahoma politician wants to strip pensions from state employees over same-sex weddings 
What happens when a civilian kills a cop during a no-knock drug raid 
12 Worst Ideas Religion Has Unleashed on the World 
.@CFIBbuzz  You're full of crap! Those particular regs don't really hurt a soul - Is it a good living whoring for industry?
Huckabee: America Needs To Know Laws 'Come From God' Not Man 
What Christian fundamentalists bring to the table:
Huckabee: America Needs To Know Laws 'Come From God,' Not Man
#Stupidity #zealotry #p2
Rape is a 'messaging issue' in Republican anti-abortion bill 
An abortion vote? What is the GOP thinking? 
Harper has changed Canada into a mini-america in 8 years:
Austerity and homelessness kill in Canadian winter #cdnpoli

Inhofe Senate Environment Chair Gets His Gavel, Goes On Rant Arguing Climate Science Is A Hoax 
Idiot Inhofe Senate Environment Chair Gets His Gavel, Goes On Rant Arguing Climate Science Is A Hoax 
.@sissiboo_smith True. It's not just something I say - there seems to be real enmity esp from all those temporarily embarrassed millionaires
So much for Harper’s pledge that troops in Iraq would be in a noncombat role 
Family of Senator Joni Ernst received $460,000 in federal aid 
US Senate refuses to accept humanity's role in global climate change 
GOP rep.: Keep minimum wage low ‘for minorities’ who aren’t worth more than $7 an hour 
Bill O'Reilly Downplays Impact Of Minimum Wage Increase For Low-Income Workers 
Want jobs? Big Oil has a jobs plan: #p2 #cdnpoli #tarsands 
Exxon won't pay into cleanup fund because oil spilled in Arkansas isnt "oil" 
Health Canada library changes leave scientists scrambling 
Fox's Doocy: DOJ Investigation Into Michael Brown Shooting Prompted Riots In Ferguson 
7 Big Lies 'American Sniper' Is Telling America 
.@Alphaunit Eisenhower spent it building infrastructure and created millions of jobs too - the republicans are now against such programs
.@Alphaunit The real fight is how to spend those tax dollars - republicans and some democrats like to give it to already wealthy corps
.@Alphaunit That's right. We pay for it with taxes. The gov't buys us things we need wholesale, with our tax dollars; it's called a society
Sen. Joni Ernst’s family actually received more than $460,000 in federal subsidies 
Republicans Post Doctored Version Of SOTU, Censor Facts On Climate Change 
.@CNNDonLemon Everyone wants to know Don, How low can you go? 
GOP Senate Kill Provision Saying Humans Contribute To Climate Change 
Sarah Culhane is white. Michael Brown is dead. 
.@TheObamaDiary .@SenatorWicker So Wicker is a scientist with peer-reviewed proof or are you just an asshole? #p2
A link for my last assertion about Harper selling extremists $14.8 B in weapons 
Saudi Arabia’s leaders have bankrolled the most rigid and militant form of Islam and Harper is selling the $14.8 Billion in weapons #cdnpoli
Media Ignore The Government Subsidies Helping Joni Ernst's Family Farm 
Canada’s arms deal with Saudi Arabia shrouded in secrecy 
Santorum: The Pope Is 'Difficult To Listen To' Sometimes 
.@nytdavidbrooks That maelstrom you mention - who created that? The party of NO? Who demagogued non-stop since 2008? The Kenyan Muslim? #p2
.@nytdavidbrooks You're not sure why the Obama admin is behaving so strangely? Who says they are, besides you and the republics? #p2 #shill
@nytdavidbrooks "Destabilize the legitimacy of government?"
Man the ramparts! The republic is crashing all around us! #p2 #shill #hack
@nytdavidbrooks Obama is convinced he has authority to advance his agenda? The hell you say! Was he elected twice or did I Imagine that? #p2
.@nytdavidbrooks Super aggressive on the ONE subject sure to blow everything up? Abortion? Inequality? The environment? #Fascinating #p2
.@nytdavidbrooks Which Presidents in recent history got less partisan at the end of their terms? I'm really excited to find out #p2 #shill
.@nytdavidbrooks So the voter turnout wasn't low then? Please post a link to this new info - this is fascinating stuff! #p2 #shill
.@nytdavidbrooks Basketball trash talk huh? How come you didn't go with the more republican traditional "uppity"? #p2 #racist #halfwit
NYT's David Brooks: Obama's SOTU snap was 'basketball court trash talk' 
#Palestine 
RNC: It's Obama's fault we didn't talk about immigration in SOTU response 
You're losing the argument when... Republicans Post Doctored Version Of SOTU, Censor Facts On Climate Change 
Dad Arrested for Giving Cannabis Oil to Daughter With Cancer 
.@Ptsk @GernBlanston6 A bad Fox News episode? Are you suggesting they're scripted? Hilarious!  They're all bad aren't they? #p2
Republicans are saying that before the Prez zinged them, they were all set to cooperate with him for the 1st time! #haha Hilarious! #p2
.@RepStevenSmith .@NeilMunroDC Saving America?! You pompous, teabagging, president-hating, blowhard! You're hilarious! He saved you #p2
Republicans Irked By Obama Zinger In State Of The Union Address 
.@Ian56789 Well, you are, but only in the head where it can't do any harm. #haha #kickedyourdumbteabaggerasses #p2
.@Michael_BMo .@cnsnews @Heritage Terrified Obama might get credit for his policies? Wasn't the private sector, it was OPEC. #p2 #teabaggers
.@redostoneage Fact check?! Hilarious! Anyone with half a brain knows why gas prices are low but then that's not your demographic is it? #p2
.@BeladonnaRogers .@robportman It was his response to the hecklers in the gallery - the Prez should just take that crap from teabaggers? #p2
.@RepStevenSmith &lt;--- This idiot is calling for freedom fries again!!! Stuff those fries up your dumb teabagger ass. #dimwit #p2
.@RepStevenSmith You're the joke. The French, unlike America, have laws against lies and slander in the news - hilarious huh? #p2 #asshat
.@NeilMunroDC .@RepStevenSmith Wow, you guys do hate so well! Looks like most disagree with your take on the SOTU 
.@BrungerB Image you chose says everything about you . Nothing about liberals or socialists or anyone else, just you. Go see a psychiatrist
.@BrungerB It's why you pay taxes - for schools and water and roads and hospitals a safety net - it's called a society. Look it up #p2
.@BrungerB The money that comes from government programs comes from those people at the teat - how do you not know that? #p2 #ideologue
.@weltec2 These people block me :D
Every day is kick a troll day
.@ObamaChallenge Yes, yes. The bears are surely stupid. Stupid, stupid bears! #haha #p2
.@ObamaChallenge He's a charter member of the establishment - just like every other guy you vote for but he is brown!!! #eeek #haha #p2
@ObamaChallenge You're hilarious! You've exposed no one but yourself - and and yourself is one ignorant, obsessed little teabagger #haha #p2
.@ObamaChallenge You're hilarious! How do you bottle up so much hate and so little intellect in one body? #p2
.@DMashak Yes, yes! Nothing worse than people who want to move forwards. How did I not see this before your post? #p2
.@RepStevenSmith You would know - you're a member of the party of hate - your post proves what a thoughtless, petty, little man you are #p2
Vice founder Shane Smith on sea level rise: Why the f*ck aren’t we freaking the f*ck out? 
Fossil fuel subsidies are starving innovation 
Hey teaparty republicans: Heckuva' job brown-nosers #p2 #tcot 
All you fascists bound to lose #PMharper #cdnpoli 
American exceptionalism has devolved into underpaid corporate lackeys #p2 #tcot 
Memo to Dems: Voters you need to win still really don't like this economy 
Undaunted Gov. Bobby Jindal still insists Muslim 'no-go zone' conspiracy theory is real 
City of Paris, France to Sue Fox News 
CNN Correspondent Confronts Bobby Jindal Over False Comments About "Scarrrry" Muslims 
French Comedians Parody Terrified Fox Reporters In Paris No-Go Zones 
Really looking forward to what Obama is going to say to the republican/teaparty congress tonight #p2 #tcot 
After CRA audit, Dying with Dignity group stripped of charitable tax status 
After CRA audit, Dying with Dignity group stripped of charitable tax status 
After CRA audit, Dying with Dignity group stripped of charitable tax status 
After CRA audit Dying with Dignity stripped of charitable tax status 
Fox News Effect: GOP Governor Repeats Myth About Muslim No-Go Zones In England 
GOP Governor Repeats Myth About Muslim No-Go Zones In England 
Kelly Stunned At D'Souza Claim Obama Never Had African American Experience 
.@Tiquetonne Yep. Sent the wolf re-introduction video to Canada's worst premier #bcpoli
.@christyclarkbc You need to see this video before you allow the culling of wolves 
.@Tiquetonne Yeah, I just posted it again - lovely and amazing - gonna' try and send it to Canada's worst premier
The importance of wolves #bcpoli #cdnpoli Christy Clark allowing their slaughter in B.C.

Christy Clark, is allowing a culling of wolves by cowards from helicopters here's a petition #cdnpoli #bcpoli

Harper's ministers can't do math or much else #useless #titsOnABoar #cdnpoli 
Here's a pic of some lowlifes wallowing in their culture of hate - it's what the modern right is all about #p2 
A Perilous Year for Abortion Rights  
No, Martin Luther King Jr. Was Not A Republican — But Here’s What He Had To Say About Them 
‘It is profitable to let the world go to hell’ 
12 statements by Martin Luther King Jr. you won’t see conservatives post on Facebook 
.@DineshDSouza .@megynkelly What low bottom-feeding turds you both are - no character whatsoever #puKKKes #p2 #tcot
Ignorance of the law is not a defense — unless you’re Canada's minister of Justice Peter MacKay 
US Gov't Found RESPONSIBLE for Assassinating MLK! #p2

Pope's Support For Climate Change Action Deepens Conservatives' Distrust 
Dire Warning: Richest 1% Will Soon Control Half of World's Wealth 
US House majority Whip who spoke at 2002 White Supremacist Convention voted against MLK Holiday #p2 #tcot #hate

Palestinian protesters hurled eggs and shoes at Baird's convoy in Ramallah 
Senators Introduced An Education Bill To Upend 1965 Civil Rights Legislation 
Krugman on the Real Reason Reality Doesn't Make the Slightest Dent in the Right-wing Brain 
Kinder Morgan not required to provide full oil spill response documents: NEB 
Fox’s Elisabeth Hasselbeck masturbates while watching Sniper: Killing 33 people in 4 months is ‘incredible’ 
Michael Moore calls snipers ‘cowards’ and Twitter conservatives go bonkers 
.@PKLoffreda Under the impression it is but that's no guarantee of anything -
.@DineshDSouza convicted felon and liar comparing himself to MLK in tweets today #p2 #tcot BHO has a message for you 
.@DineshDSouza who compares himself to MLK, physically abused his ex-wife kicking her in the head  #p2 
.@DineshDSouza Compares himself to MLK: Allowed his daughter to submit multiple false statements to a federal court to avoid punishment #p2
Dinesh D’Souza’s Ex-Wife Wipes The Smile Off His Convicted Face #p2 #tcot 

The Delusional Reich wing: Dinesh D'souza compares his criminality to MLK fighting for civil rights 
.@DineshDSouza You disgusting puKKKe - to compare yourself to MLK??? MLK was not indicted for Campaign Finance Fraud you insect #p2
.@DineshDSouza You the convicted felon are the unsavoury character 
.@DineshDSouza you are a small small man. A zealot, an ideologue, a convicted liar and  you feel you can pass judgement on MLK or Obama? #FU
New Congress Begins Anti-Environment Attack With ‘No More National Parks’ Bill 
Watch lawyer destroy Tony Perkins on Fox after he says gay marriage leads to girls marrying dads 
Fox News Correction: "We Have Made Some Regrettable Errors On-Air Regarding Muslims In Europe" 
@janieo Let's switch living locales - we have a nice 4 bedroom home - you'd love it! :)
@janieo ...we get snow and cold and sleet and ice-pellets and rain and slush and then it all freezes rock solid and then we do it again
.@janieo Used to the cold, yes. The constant ups and downs - weather whiplash I call it  - not so much - instead of getting  snow and cold
Gun Nuts Carrying Loaded Long Guns, Wearing Gas Masks And Man-Tights, Storm Washington Capitol 
Jindal doubles down on Muslim no-go zones in Europe 
Syrup sandwiches and stolen toilet paper: Growing up poor 
Syrup sandwiches and stolen toilet paper: Reddit users describe growing up poor 
Harper gov't reacts to NASA's "hottest year on record" statement 
Harper gov't reacts to NASA's "hottest year on record" statement 
Harper government reacts to NASA's "hottest year on record" statement 
Harper gov't reacts to NASA's hottest year on record study 
@janieo Those of us paying too much for veggies sure hope California gets rain soon - 80 F huh? Why do I live in Quebec?
.@janieo Yo-yo weather up here - very cold overnight -25 C, plus 3 tomorrow - wreaks havoc on infrastructure - I miss regular winters
Study: Ocean life faces mass extinction 

$640 Billion of $1.16 Trillion 

#MilitaryIndustrialComplex

#p2 #tcot 


@janieo Sorry to read - there's supposed to be some relief on the way with the on-going el-nino, no?
.@saskboy Bad gas indeed! That's what they give me. They're certainly not humans who care about their grandchildren having grandchildren
@janieo Morning janieo! Has California been getting relief from the drought - what are near-term forecasts for it ending?
NOAA: 2014 Earth's warmest year on record;
Dec 2014 record warm; Global oceans also record warm for 2014

2014 Warmest year on record while solar cycle weakest in 100 years 
Ocean Life Faces Mass Extinction, Broad Study Says 
A Bad Day for Climate Change Deniers and the Planet 
Police officer says 95-year-old WW II vet he shot to death was threat 
Republicans Introduce An Anti-Abortion Bill So Extreme That GOP Women In Congress Are Revolting 
Family Outraged After North Miami Beach Police Use Mug Shots as Shooting Targets 
New Congress Begin Environment Attack With ‘No More National Parks’ Bill 
KY state senator wants $2,500 bounty on each trans kid caught in wrong bathroom 
Why no one likes Stephen Harper #cdnpoli #insect 
In Just 60 Years, Neoliberal Capitalism Has Nearly Broken Planet Earth 
Poll: Voters Want Mostly The Opposite Of What Congress Is Doing 
Bill Moyers on LBJ and ‘Selma’ 
AG Holder limits civil seizure process that split billions of dollars with local and state police 
Bill Moyers: When Congressmen Deny Climate Change and Evolution 
Russell Brand's Brilliant Takedown of Toxic Fox News in Wake of Hebdo 
Canada opts not to block international trade in 76 endangered species 
'There are things in it that scare me' 
What The Media Needs To Know About Who's Fighting To Restrict Broadband Access 
Earth pushed beyond four of nine ‘planetary boundaries,’ scientists warn 
OPEC Wants to “Crush US Shale” 
.@maryfranholm Congrats!!!!!
Turns out the U.S. oil boom was just a fairy tale 
Why did 10 evangelical leaders fly with Harper to Israel? 
CRA Hits PEN Canada with audit in latest of Harper gov't's attack on charities 
Solar Industry Created More Jobs In 2014 Than Oil And Gas Extraction 
.@ElaineNiddery .@Beari8it Agree. Hard not to believe it's axiomatic
.@rhylandc1 .@Norlaine Listening to what the Sauds are saying, gonna' be a long, long while 
Greenwald on How to Be a Terror 'Expert': Ignore Facts, Blame Muslims, Trumpet U.S. Propaganda 
Canada's Federal budget will bank on rebound in oil prices 
Canada's budget will bank on rebound in oil prices 
Canada's Federal budget will bank on rebound in oil prices And Tar-Sands Fairies 
Limbaugh Cites His "Religious Beliefs" To Dispute Pope's Warning About Climate Change 
This makes me happy - nice to see tid-bits of justice now and then #p2 #tcot (I'm TMing 'Tid-Bits of Justice' :))

Jim Prentice Alberta Premier calls for less reliance on oil 
Departing Harvard Media Center Chief: Right-Wing Pundits Damaging America 
Arizona Education Officials Say It's Illegal To Recite Poem about Empathy and Integrity 
Obamacare Has Reversed A Negative Trend. Researchers Call It ‘Remarkable.’ 
Obamacare Has Reversed A Negative Trend. Researchers Call It ‘Remarkable.’ 
.@x5xAlexanderx5x .@thepoliticalcat I come from a family that hunts - we were all taught gun safety early - this is fetishism
.@x5xAlexanderx5x .@thepoliticalcat Do not know. Saw it - was unsurprised and horrified - happens a lot actually.
'NY Times' Columnist Laments Woes of Rich Kids and tells readers how to avoid living near black ppl 
Revealed: The Arctic Ocean is releasing large volumes of methane 
Everything you need to know about JPMorgan's $13 billion settlement 
JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has a sad 
Ex-GOP Congressman Hopes Cowards At CNN, MSNBC Are Beheaded 
This is so heartwarming - #p2 #tcot #nra 
Cops Beat Handcuffed Man: 'Don't You F**king Dare' Call For Jesus! 
White People Riot At Ohio State After Winning The National Championship, And Totally Not Racist Fox News Says? 
"Today I stopped Caring…." 
Romney Advisor: 'There Wouldn't Be An ISIS' If Mitt Was Prez 
CRA smacks PEN Canada with audit in latest of Harper attack on charities 
CRA smacks PEN Canada with audit in latest of Harper's attack on charities 
NY Times columnist laments the woes of rich kids, gives advice on avoiding the blacks 
Journalist slams CNN, MSNBC and Fox for pushing ‘terrorism expert industrial complex’ 
Republicans are no longer capable of experiencing shame or embarrassment.  
Comparing Obama To Hitler, GOP Congressman Follows Conservative Media 
Temperature anomalies are warming faster than Earth's average 
PM Harper's campaign to block NAFTA's tarsands, tailings pond probe 
PM Harper's campaign to block NAFTA's tar sands, tailings pond probe 
Fox's Bob Beckel: "I'm An Islamophobe" 
Me? I'm an old white guy-aphobe #FuckThatGuy #p2
Richard Muller: I Was Wrong on denying Global Warming 
One Student's Epic Tweets Call Out the Biggest Hypocrites Marching for Free Speech In Paris 
28 House Democrats Defy Obama, Join GOP to Pass Keystone 
.@rogerkver  Hilarious! Russians have an old saying "Tough Shitski!"
Civil rights group to protest Scalise White Power Fundraiser 
By closing the Health Council of Canada Harper is abandoning national medicare 
UK's Prime Minister David Cameron calls Fox pundit a 'complete idiot' 
Supreme Court rejects new challenge to Obamacare law 
Reza Aslan: How Is It Right Wing Pundits Asking Why Muslims Aren't Denouncing Attacks Don't Have Google? 
GOP Rep.: 'Hitler Thought It More Important Than Obama To Get To Paris' 
Limbaugh: Paris Terror Suspect Blamed His Radicalization On Abu Ghraib To Smear Bush 
Lacking All Self-Awareness, Fox News Now Blasts Obama As "Obstructionist" 

#FoxNewsFacts 
Sen. Graham (R-SC) Wants To Declare War On Islam #irresponsible #insane #demagoguery 
@weltec2 @bennyjohnson I think Green Bay serves up pretty good bratwurst and ale - it will contribute to his eventual demise. Mwhahaha! #p2
House Votes To Approve Keystone XL Pipeline. For The 10th Time 
Teaparty Christians - wouldn't know Jeebus if he smacked them upside the head and said, "Be nice!" #p2 #tcot 
America’s 10 worst terror attacks by Christian fundamentalists &amp; far-right extremists 
All Republicans Are Like George Zimmerman 
Right Wing Republican Hero and Murderer George Zimmerman Arrested For Hitting A Woman 
Rupert Murdoch's Media Ownership Is A Cancer On Our World 
We must stop deferring to religion: Laughable absurdities must be laughed at 
Tories’ terrorism web page “crass. Use the tragedy to fundraise and collect your data 
France 24: Paris terrorism suspect was radicalized by the Iraq war and Abu Ghraib The stuff republicans voted for 
46 examples of Muslim outrage about Paris shooting that Fox News can’t seem to find 
Phyllis Schlafly: Campus sex assault on the rise because too many women go to college 
Fundamentalism knows no borders #p2 #cdnpoli #tcot #CharlieHebdo 
Huckabee Sold Out Fans To Quack Doctor, Conspiracy Theorists &amp; Financial Fraudsters 
George Will Gets It Exactly Backward On Climate Change 
Hey how about that Harper guy's religion? It's pretty extreme - methinks that guy protests too much of late #cdnpoli

The Anti-Science Climate Denier Caucus
#AmericanIdiots #OilWhores #p2  #tcot

.@janieo Happy New Year Janieo! So much stupid and hate - it's pretty hard to take
Keystone XL pipeline would only create 35 permanent jobs, but that's not what the media is telling you. 
Right-Wing Media Use Paris Attack To Smear Hillary 
As the world mourns, Republicans play politics with terrorist attack 
Erick Erickson: Firing Of Anti-Gay Fire Chief Is Like Murder Of 12 Journalists 

Black shooter = entire race guilty 

White shooter = mentally troubled lone wolf
.@CNNDonLemon Saw where you were voted worst journalist of 2014 - Hilarious! They called you a journalist? #hack #p2 
#Rothschild 
#Truth
Changed Climate and fertilizer runoff spell bad news for Lake Erie 
Fox Host: Tweeting Racist Fake Photo Was A 'Mistake' I Was Still Right  
.@cashleys13 Well yeah. Goes without saying! :)
.@scalzi Weird huh?
@cashleys13 No it's not promoting hate. It's promoting jokes. Ridiculing zealotry in any form is fair game and a worthy target - takes balls
Man linked to Paris attacks voluntarily hands himself in to police 
@cashleys13 Who was promoting hate?
.@cashleys13 Comedians do it all the time - it's jokes! The people at #CharlieHebdo do it with appreciably more depth - different medium
.@cashleys13 If you read my timeline you'll see a post about #CharlieHebdo's most recent target for satire was Islamophobes. Ironic, no?
.@cashleys13 No. That's not how comedy works in an era where you can no longer shock people. You choose worthy targets and fire away!
.@cashleys13 .@matchbox20 That's the thing. No one is advocating hate. Just a deliberate misread of how other cultures approach belief
.@matchbox20 You have no idea what you're talking about - there is mockery of all religions in both the US and UK media - we're grown-ups
From my beautiful friend Martha who got this from Doug Molitor's wall - copy and share and RT #p2 #tcot #cdnpoli 
House GOP Unexpectedly Fails To Pass First Major Wall Street Sponsored Bill In New Congress 
How The Media Is Carrying Water For GOP's "Jobs" Agenda 
#KirbyDelauter
#KirbyDelauter
FREEDUMB!
Things Harper does with Canadian taxpayer dollars #cdnpoli #tarsands 
How Conservatives Exploited Charlie Hebdo Terror Attack In Paris 
Fox News freaks out about Obama's response to Paris massacre: Benghazi! 
Counting down the 14 silliest Fraser Institute moments of 2014 
Norway's residents are millionaires thanks to oil. So what's wrong with Alberta? 
Industry Minister Moore makes stuff up to threaten B.C.ers 
Limbaugh Suggests Obama's Response To Benghazi Is Responsible For Paris Terrorist Attack 
Fox Host Brian Kilmeade On Xenophobic Element To Anti-Islamic Movement In Germany: "So What?" 
Canada now dominates World Bank corruption list, thanks to SNC-Lavalin 
Arizona Official: Teaching Hip Hop Illegally Promotes Ethnic Solidarity 
Teaching Hip Hop Illegally Promotes Ethnic Solidarity, Arizona Official Says 
Stephen Harper’s drummer, an Ottawa teacher, charged with sexual assaults on a minor 
Vile POS Grassley Mocks Obama In Bizarre Tweet: Paris Attack 'Just A DomEstic Crime?' 
#CharlieHebdo Where does the Qur’an forbid depictions of Muhammad?
Well, technically, it doesn’t #p2 #cdnpoli 

@catawu Don't think you did - thought that was a joke
Republicans Move To Gut Social Security on Their 1st Day in Power 
#p2 #tcot
#CharlieHebdo To all the right wingers who called the French "surrender monkeys" for 10 years, now pretending to care: #GFY's #p2
Congress Introduces A National Abortion Ban On Its Very First Day Back 
Dems Respond To McConnell Taking Credit For Economic Growth: 'Hahahahahahahahah' 
Fox News Exploits Tragedy In France To Attack Mayor De Blasio 
Fox News Exploits Tragedy In France To Attack NYC Mayor De Blasio 
John F. Kennedy was "assassinated"; NYPD police officers were "killed"  
.@gogators1974 Regardless of the lack of victims (makes you sad I know) it's an act of hate and terror but you're good with that #p2 #tcot
U.K. And Germany Smash Wind Power Records 
Scathing NYT Editorial on NYPD Idiocy 
Prime Minister Harper's office reacts to Obama's vow to veto Keystone XL #GnashingTeeth 
Any bombing on US soil is called terrorism. That term is not reserved only for Muslims. 
White male, pick-up driving terrorist sought in NAACP bombing #p2 #tcot #RightWingTerrorists #teaparty

REenacted News Take Two: THERE WAS A PRIEST FIGHT!!! 
REenacted News Take Two: THERE WAS A PRIEST FIGHT!!!

#p2 #cdnpoli
New GOP Congress Fires Shot At Social Security On Day One 
GOP leaders standing by Scalise. Can they make white supremacist scandal go away? 
