Loved seeing me some #ravenhunty though
Went to tigerheat and 340 in the last two days and both were equally annoying

Now Taylor Swift has Katy's friends in a mus…
You might not be able to make too much sense of recent events ... More for Taurus 
You are motivated to bring a discussion out of the clouds and ... More for Taurus 
I don't know how to feel or what to do
@ferennx I think I did fall asleep to it haha
@_lukasm93 saving that for manana
@ferennx @followalejandro looked like they were just shooting the previews
@_lukasm93 I do need a redbull
@_lukasm93 cause it was tired
@_lukasm93 it was on the side?
Explain mocking jay pt 1  
@_lukasm93 was better than beyonces with that conehead weave
It isn't considered cakes of your ass looks like an extension of you fat ass thighs 
Unless that cake is a mix of thres leches and flan
Video:  
I thought PokerFace was gonna be my morning shit, but Let's Dance (InFiction Remix) is giving me all the life I need
You are all set to put the finishing touches on a project toda... More for Taurus 
That's my face you're looking at, bitch
Apparently my Instagram is pure Satanism and my hate for the world
HA
Then to try to use my Instagram as an argument
I have had many people be more of sister to me than you have.
And yes my heart isn't easily shown especially towards you because I don't show compassion towards those who don't deserve it.
The only person that can effect my attitude towards you is you. My emotions are my own, not others.
Secondly, any dislike and resentment I have towards you was from your own doing.
First of all, I hold no hate in my heart at all. Towards anyone. Even you.
Nice try, but no. You just played the joker of all sympathy cards.
Apparently, my mother put all this hate in my already "black heart" towards my sister. 
According to my sister.
YES 
@xjosesilverio all the time
Photoset: Game of Thrones characters reimagined as Disney characters 
Video:  
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo: Batman (1989) 
Photo: longlivethebat-universe: Joker road by Rick Celis 
Video: b0nk3rz: mangoes-enregalia: beeptalk: did you know that birds could smile? MY HEART OMG SO PRECIOUS 
Photo:  
Of all the people
Wow
Photoset: seafoamgreeen: Pixar + RAWR! 
Photo: grilledcheese4evr: thegardenofeedan: youngsterben: celebritycloseup: kris jenner at the met gala... 
Photoset:  
But first some sleep would be nice
If in going to pretend to be happy today I'm gonna need a redbull
Photo: colourofdoubt: <HEAVY MULTIPLICATION X>️ 
Photo:  
Photoset: alekzmx: ivandoz: alekzmx <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo: weslah: stopwhatyouredoing: louis vuitton resort 16 OMG 
Photoset:  
Photoset: giraffepoliceforce: This is Harley Quinn herself admitting that her relationship with the Joker... 
Photo:  
Video: commongayboy: Gay bashing at Chelsea Dallas BBQ in New York. Aside from the graphic violence they... 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: dailyactress: Here’s What Jean Grey and Jubilee Will Look Like in ‘X-Men: Apocalypse’ 
Video: miseducationofrobyn: sedimentary-hurricanes: radicalbehavior: youwish-youcould: yungkawaiiinigga:... 
Photoset: herochan: Batman History Created by Esmeralda Garcia 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Omg  
If you don't have humility, you don't have respect
Video: sadgirl1017: I can’t stop watching this 
Friendly Reminder That How You Treat A Person After Sex Is Just As Important As The Sex Itself. 
Video: prettyfuckingepic: pettylifepresident: Girl we knew… Lip liner.. TUH! Loool.. 
Photoset: His hairline is covered for a damn good reason 
Photoset:  
Photoset: robertdeniro: Margot Robbie on the set of ‘Suicide Suqad’ 
oriana-flo: Lol @ people who say “family is everything” 
Video: mvngspcs: swolizard: The reason some girls wear make up.. “so check this contour.” D E A D 
Photo: egotisticalgold: Bitch where 
Photo:  
Entropy - Grimes x Bleachers 
Teekl cat likes cheesecake
He's the gay jester
Frankie is not gay royalty  
This video is everything I dislike about weho  
@kunthony_kills *is
Ist there some lez vibe between Velma and Hotdog Water that I'm barely noticing
Forever #wcw therealkrystenritter 
The characters/monsters/villains are so inspiring
Latest obsession/ Netflix binge 
Who's Austin  
Photo: Posted this yesterday, since the guy who commissoned this is being a massive thunder cunt and I... 
Posted this yesterday, since the guy who commissoned this is being a massive thunder cunt and I don't… 
Photoset: rhapsody-tardisblue: themaidofdishonor: aintnopartylikealizparty: Forever reblog Oh my god she.... 
Photo:  
Photoset: Pearl  - Episode 10 “Prancing Queens” 
Photo:  
Photo: rookiekid: amarisea: on his shell he holds the earth coolest thing I have ever seen! 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Video:  
Photo:  
Photo: ruinedchildhood: sixzer0s: fuckthisblogshit: Hold up whats goin on here when you try anal for the... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: adrieldaniel: “Rebellion cannot exist without a strange form of love.” -Albert Camus 
Photo:  
Photoset: Oliver and Company (1988) 
Photo:  
Photo: versaceslut: why 
thisisradioactive: When you make a reference and someone actually gets it 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: logotv: When you see the D…rag Race. 
Photo:  
Anonymous said: Mom why don't you have merch? 
Video: laughingsquid: How to Build a Simple Wave Machine With Duct Tape, Skewers, and Jelly Babies 
Photoset: We Dornish are a hot-blooded people, quick to anger and slow to forgive. 
Photo:  
Video: olllllla1234: johhhnwatson: middlecherryearth: This is what i like to see This is what dreams are... 
Video: weloveshortvideos: how to wake up your dog 
There could be so many opportunities to seek pleasure today th... More for Taurus 
@nevahaes_ gamer tag?
He already calls you a whore, do you need to prove it any further
Only reason I brought up what I brought up is because my brother doesn't need to see all that shit.
Bitch, if I wanted to get in your business, I'd tell all of your johns about how you see them back to back in the same day and are pregnant.
So fucking corny 
Negativity surrounds me
Thoughts are getting the best of me tonight
Photo:  
Photoset: the-faeriequeen: is this a disney movie 
Photo: burlapdreams: me 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photoset: lonestranger: Featured Rapper/Actor: Jayceon Terrell Taylor, better known by his stage name The... 
Video:  
Photo: thollukthcaptor: lookin at ur dick 
Photo: ink-n-severedties: Work outs ft dog Dear God 
Photo: moistmale: thisiswhiteculture: because white people are never comfortable with black people... 
If you're going to act like a dad or call yourself one, don't be broke.
@MoneyFameSex find that hubba bubba and you got a deal
@MoneyFameSex $200
Because I know no one is gonna wanna pay what these were being sold for 
Well since this guy is being a massive thunder cunt and I don't care much for this commission, I'm thinking of a giveaway
Cause let's be honest, Peter Pan isn't straight
Tinkerbell is either the bitter fag hag that claims a gay as "their gay" or she the delusional girl that has a crush on a gay guy.
Video: narputo: endingreplay: The legendary scene in RuPaul’s All Stars Drag Race. Tammy Brown lmfao 
Photoset: spidermonkeyonyourass: littlevillains: hellotailor: Margot Robbie’s Harley Quinn costume vs.... 
Photo: sexhaver: stantler: grab-the-sushi-and-run: ASH KETCHUM YOU LUCKY BOY YOU GOT TO... 
thejinkx: just give katya the crown i don’t care anymore 
Photoset:  
Video: itsspeedykoalaarcadeus: do-he-got-the-aobooty-he-do: shia-suprise: pagingme: boom Holy shit turn on... 
Photo:  
Photo: hentaihunty: 
Photoset: realitytvgifs: preach 
itsrevydutch: africanaquarian: I can’t wait to be the “crazy lesbian” auntie who’s a free spirit and only... 
Photo:  
No one = Everyone
"Everyone hates me" 
Sure, Jan.
Dream team?  For who? 
I feel like revenge of the sixth sounds a lot better than revenge of the fifth
Anonymously tell me your assumpmtions about me and I'll confirm or deny them. 
Photoset: onlinefroot: Marina Diamandis for Ladygunn Magazine 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: momsgoldteeth: nomysticaldesign: A drawing of one of my favorite looks by Katya Zamolodchikova (the... 
Photoset: 20 pounds worth? Wow, that’s a lot! 
Photo:  
I don’t have a type. If we vibe, we vibe. 
Photo:  
Video: geekdomworld: Today, May 5th, the first DLC for Mortal Kombat X is released. Today, I start my... 
Photo:  
Photo: culonesmasculinos: Culo de Francoise Sagat….de los mas perfectos culos de PASIVAS 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: bruhstin: It barely holds it Looks like it holds it pretty fine 
Photo: shitroughdrafts: The Avengers: Age of Ultron - directed by Joss Whedon. 2015 
No longer starting commissions without a deposit
She looks like she's snatching that weave off in the first shot  
Words cannot describe how annoyed I am right now
@Its_North_West but when they replace you 
@nevahaes_ that's what I was gonna say haha
Kendall deserves more praise than Kim gets
@nevahaes_ I didn't really like him at first but dammit he's growing on me
Which was a knock off of something Beyonce already wore
I don't know why everyone obsesses over Kim's basic ass tbh, like everything she does has either been done or is something kanye styled
Best looks from the met gala tbh  
@nevahaes_ I have no clue what I like tbh my interests are all over the place. I just know I love the hell out of that hair and that face
Once again, if you are going to flake on a payment, do not ask for a damn commission in the first place
I am completely annoyed today.
@nevahaes_ I have zero problems with it
@nevahaes_ that hairstyle is doing it for me
@nevahaes_ like man musk
Imagining this with one of my harnesses 

Get the Premium Edition and play as Jason today!

This man is sexy to me, no matter what.  
HALLELU! 
Can't wait to wear what I just ordered with a harness
Who has PlayStation+ and wants to go a couple of rounds of MKX
@nevahaes_ I was talking about IG, but that too
You can take your likes back while you're at it
I find it funny when people follow me then after a day of me not following them back they unfollow me
No one seems to understand you today because you're at a loss ... More for Taurus 
My heart 
Mystery inc is so damn rude, they keep being corrected on how to pronounce avocados
Photoset:  
I’m so Hype for Mark Hamill in this Flash Episode - geektastic08: Not only was he Luke Skywalker But he was... 
Photo:  
Photo: 4gifs: Looks like the left one’s wearing socks. [video] 
Photo: My Neighbor Totoro (1988) 
Photo: modelmika: ———-魂———- Model/Shibari: Mika Lovely Photo: YBVisuals 
Photoset: bomhat: I remembered that I used to love this show. 
Photo:  
versaceslut: me at every party for the rest of the year 
Photo:  
Photo: kittiezandtittiez: Books, sleep and Leylâ 
Photo:  
Photo: tapatiopapi: levisnafu: Aaron Taylor Johnson as Quicksilver - Avengers Age of Ultron dont leave u... 
Photo:  
Photo: bravelittlepixel: What have I done 
Photoset: Vogue Exclusive Inside the Party of the Year (HQ) 
Photo: emopit: “okay first of all. setting me on fire was super rude” 
@lord_lucci that's what I just said
I need to finish giving this bitch life. 
You are 19, do not speak of love
I miss my @paulinesources
@victor_go white
Everything seems more complicated than necessary today. People... More for Taurus 
I have nothing to present for May 4th buy I has this 
beyoncevevo: people who steal text posts from tumblr and put them on other social networking sites  
Photo: junitron: gymleaderfrank: I don’t remember this version of Winnie the Pooh. Makes sense…tigger did... 
Photo:  
Video: puchisworld: Homers life. Music by Carly Comando Everyday 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Video:  
naoren: Okay but You gotta admit this one looks pretty cool 
Photoset: Chris Evans surprising Scarlett Johansson on Ellen 
Photoset: kt1700: Kt1700 &amp; Sagat 
Photoset: fyeahdccomics: au — Nightwing gives some members of the Team and the Batfamily new code names.... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: mrhipp: Should I stay or should I go? 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: daily-superheroes: Can somebody please tell me where this is... 
Photoset: Rihanna for V Magazine, Summer 2015 
Photoset:  
Photoset: mrjdel: More Michael Hamm goodness! 
Photo: oh-my-kudrow: WHO DID THIS 
Photoset:  
Photoset: peaceongirth: Listen to me. I’m flexing as hard as i can in both of these photos. They are taking... 
Photoset: miucciapet: damn she thick 
Photoset: See, Sivana? Friendship trumps a society based on hate. 
Video:  
Video:  
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photoset: nevver: Removed, Madani Bendjellal 
Video: trebled-negrita-princess: blackgirlwhitespace: isseymiyucky: minghella: this is the only thing... 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photoset: bechnokid: Based on this adorable post. I’m pretty sure this has been done before, but hey, I had... 
Reblog if Pearl would hate your room 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo: kristenwiiggle: 
Photo:  
Photo: annehathawillannehathaway: “are you wearing the-” “the chanel boots? yeah i am” 
Photo:  
Photo: causeimdanjones: The Rest of the Smash Crew! 
Photo: dearest-sora: Donald, was that a pun 
Photo: dearest-sora: I hate the world right now 
Photoset:  
@xjosesilverio but then there's Folsom
Why don't you swatch it bitch.
"How will this skin tone mat hung makeup that comes in a variety of tones work on poc?"
"How will this lipstick color work on poc?"
@_ddanielx they want praise for everything they do, its annoying
Photo:  
Photo: Dylan responding to Kim K’s ex husband’s mean tweet regarding Bruce Jenner interview 
Photoset: dragnifique: Marco Marco Collection 2 - 2013 [x] 
Literally get over yourselves 
"This is the first time you'll see a black person working at Starbucks!" 
Umm, really? Shut the fuck up.
I'm sorry, I'm not racist but black people can get on my damn nerves
Photo: trebled-negrita-princess: beautyloveandsociety: alibibanks: iridessence: 1225pm: naturallylivi:... 
Photo: dil-meri-sunta-nahi: HAHAHAHAHAHAH Me 
Bless Steven Universe for - viixiie: -showing an innocent boy/girl sleepover -casual/confident child... 
Photo:  
Photoset: thranduil + crowns 
Video:  
Photo: 2hot2bstr8: me. 
Photoset: linrenzo: princecarlton: vouslalala: snorlax-faps-to-anything: metropolismarvel: gaws:... 
Photoset: nevver: Hole punch flipbooks, Scott Blake 
Photo:  
Video: homonerdsanta: baette: #ICONIC I SAAAID I WASNT BEING RACIST 
Photo:  
Binge watched 'Don't Trust the B in Apartment 23'
So now I'm binging 'Scooby-Doo: Mystery Incorporated'
I lust listened to a bit of pretty girls and I think my ears are bleeding a little
Photoset:  
Photoset: gorogues: I’m sorry, I just couldn’t resist reblogging it again. 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: darkgreyclouds: I binge watched Steven Universe this weekend for stress relief and then…this was... 
Photoset: thegaymerguide: Please have my babies.  
Photo:  
Photoset: sushinfood: THANK YOU FOR THIS 
Video: myultragaylife: endingreplay: This is the best scene in all of RuPaul’s Drag Race seasons. Rpdr... 
Photoset: Pearl: I would describe Pearl as some kind of robotic stepford wife bitch. 
Photo: alaska-5000: REMEMBER THIS 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: the northerners will n e v e r forget 
Photo:  
Photoset: isaisanisa: The Cheeseburger Backpack is DONE! It has the same four functioning pockets as the... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Video:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: bigmancave: WHICH ONE IS YOU? 
Photoset: meyong: it begins 
Photoset: lastlips: I’m NOT sorry. important as fuck. 
Photo: prettygayboys: similar posts: here 
Photo:  
Photo: redvioletz-tricksterred: creeper-cutie: psychopomp-sentinel: twerkdatstrider: neairaalenko: ahtist:... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Reblog if you're not homophobic - elma1972: larryloveflakes: fabu-darlin: Every url that reblog’s will be... 
Photoset: The exact moment my heart shattered ಥ⌣ಥ 
Photo: lebritanyarmor: jasminedagawdess: thugahontas: ohsobreezyjane: return-of-foreverr:... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
I have so many ideas for drawings planned, I don't want to skip to another cause I know they will never happen if I do that
I'm not defending Kylie, I just don't like when people don't do their homework
Basic  
This is a photoshoot done in the photographers style, please shut the fuck up  
@Adolfoxo_ Regina Hall <TWO HEARTS>
@AyeJimmy  
One never knows the secrets of a others heart.
@AyeJimmy they are so on point
Okay, what the hell 
Photo: Me 
Photoset: Some of Jurassic World’s attractions 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: smartgirlsattheparty: emmyandsuch: This is the line that has gotten me through life. -Eleanor... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: beattoriche: ~ <BIRTHDAY CAKE> Happy Birthday: Tifa Lockhart - May 3rd <BIRTHDAY CAKE> ~ Bright and optimistic, Tifa always... 
Photoset:  
Photo: redcell6: The Avengers by Christopher Stevens 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: thingsipedia: Avengers: Then &amp; Now 
Photoset:  
Photo: rick-sanchez: laughhard: My buddy’s office ordered a bulk bag of Easter Eggs. It took him a minute... 
Photoset: You’ll bring death to all who follow you 
Photoset: treydoesntcare: igglooaustralia: Ew, I rather run Hell no. 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Reblog if you’re the alpha gay at work - Or at least I was 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photoset: Lady Gaga albums + Leslie Knope Quotes 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Educate your fucking selves
Assolutely
I will never not want to draw @SagatFrancois
@JacobGranado deal breaker
I think I'm going to start doing some porno art again
I have a serious love hate for Geminis, the idea and traits of them annoy the shit out of me but I've never met one that I didn't like.
Jay baruchel will forever be the cutest thing
You have big ideas about how much you can accomplish today, on... More for Taurus 
I live these girls to death but CANNOT stand their better than thou attitude having hipster boyfriends
Let me draw a fucked up stick figure say its Natalia, mention her like crazy say I really tried them maybe it'll get attention
Eyebrows look like you snatched your forehead with that rubber band
Antoinette, why would you retweet bullshit like that.
I'm sorry but this makes me upset @NataliaKills 
@NataliaKills you are so rude unacknowledging my work and retweeting things like this
You do NOT do THAT to Lana
This needs to be taken off the internet  
I'm finally done. 10/10 
Photoset: The only way to set a heart free is by defeating the Heartless with the Keyblade, after all. 
@paulinesources are you still sick? What're you doing?
Photoset: chasingtheunchased: Lmaoooo 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: diancie: bkhtpz: Wow she is perfect Literally one of her best photoshoots ever. She looks beyond... 
Photo:  
Photoset: sarahtonin42: HELLO SMALL COW ARE YOU LOST 
"Like is Kingdom Hearts 3 for real, or not" - (via odoruhinokaze) 
graveyardstuffers: Me when i have to reblog from the source because u couldnt control your dumb ass... 
Photo:  
Photo: fuckingstretch: I don’t know what I want or what you want, but spending time with you makes me smile... 
Photoset: vvankinq: I scrolled to the bottom for an explanation but I’m still confused 
Video: typette: sweaterssam: Me every time I see a cat.  the other guy has seen this shit so fucking often... 
@paulinesources got me saying "Bitch, I hope the fuck you do"
Damn  
Andrew Christians slogan is for men who are hung, but I look at their models and.....
Serving others now can take you down a very sweet path to happ... More for Taurus 
Stop saying your age with roman numerals
@Adolfoxo_ I thought I'd was 40
@Adolfoxo_ okay
@paulinesources thanks for sharing
9/10 
I love how Manny just has smiles on his face  
@paulinesources why you be watching it without me :(
I'm seriously craving spinach ravioli
@paulinesources I'm watching it right now and soaking the couch
I mean, come the fuck on. 
Can we just have a moment for Rami Malek 
@paulinesources yes please
I cannot wait for #PennyDreadful
Me next weekend @paulinesources 
Of course @katya_zamo is a Taurus
Me 
You might feel a bit off balance today as work-related pressur... More for Taurus 
Photo: Body goals 
So I can get paid before Thursday
I want to get them done before Monday
I have 3 more skulls to finish
This car looks like ultron  
Where the fuck am I
Michele visage looks good 
Photo: wiitchboy: Body Electric 
Photo: wiitchboy: <RIGHT-POINTING MAGNIFYING GLASS> #lanadelrey #bodyelectric 
Photo: wiitchboy: Body Electric. #lanadelrey #bodyelectric 
Was the matte necessary 
7/10 
6/10 
My mom doesn't like talking to me about her problems because I tell her what she needs to hear rather than what she wants to hear.
I wonder if my mothers daughter actually realizes that non of her siblings like her or if she just plays the card for sympathy
@kunthony_kills gossip
The only reason why she gets along with her daughter is because she's the only one of her children that is bored enough to hear her drama
I'm tired of my moms two faced antics.
Oh it was James St James
I forgot what I was watching but they called robin from teen titans go such a power bottom haha
My eyes are tolling all over the place right now
Thank God 
@westondearest its still an angry tweet haha
Unsweetened iced tea with lemon is everything to me rn
The fact that you feel the need to prove it at all is humorous.
Your need to prove how much of a man you are in that way is actually humorous to me.
Just because you're bigger than me physically doesn't mean you're more of a man than I am
Against my masculinity or "manhood"
What I found funny and still continue to find funny is that I have more courage and act like more of a man than those who have spoken out
And of course the absence of a father was spoken about.
That I was this way because someone had done something to me.
My family was so small minded in the beginning of me coming out. They thought I was doing drag and that I was this way because I was touched
You aren't living your life fully if you conform to what others have to think, say, or do. You aren't living at all actually.
And what they have to say about you says more about them than it ever will about you.
What others have to say about you is their problem
Bullshit. 
You know, its one thing to let people k ow what you think about a movie, and its another to just ruin it for people
If @AlexFaction wants to do a joker tutorial, he should do New 52 Joker
But I feel that's been don't before and I won't do the idea justice
I've always wanted to take a banana and draw a penis out if the tip and make it a print
You might feel ready to give up today, tired from doggedly cha... More for Taurus 
Geminis need to just not. Just look in a mirror, read about your sign and not.
But Omg, "bitch life"
Dear god....I...am a bitch.
*goes to the gym for about a week
"Bout that gym life*
Taking something and adding life to it to make it sound like I'm devoted
It'll pass, it'll pass.
What is this, I have a crush on someone
@AyeJimmy but my tweet after this one is the important one
Its the hurt. The loss. The rejection. The pain. The let down. The feeling of something coming to an end and not knowing what comes after.
I think what I miss about love and a relationship isn't the happiness and the butterflies or the feeling of being wanted.
Forming a crush on someone and instead of acting upon it, I'll just go through your Instagram and twitter photos.
I think I have a small crush on @NikkieTutorials #wcw
His tattoos were the best
First relationship was with a filipino, and I will always find him to be the cutest damn thing
I have a small thing for Filipinos
Filipino, nice hair cut, differently spelled name and well dressed
I always say I have no type. Well I have just found my type
I left in the middle of the song, it turned into all gibberish and I won't be a part of it
@janthonyperezz then I don't know you
Listened to rubber doll and all I could hear in my head was Roger saying Enough of that, its clearly all chorus and I won't be a part of it
You believe that you are being your most charming self today, ... More for Taurus 
People are so small minded and sensitive @ColourPopCo 
Small minds will be the end of us
@nevahaes_ in his fight tower ending, he's training his son to be like him
@nevahaes_ that he has a child?
Who would have a child with Kano?
5/10 #wonderwoman 
5/10 #wonderwoman 
Don't air it out at all, there are things no one needs to know
Don't air out your dirty laundry before washing it
Its no ones business but yours, your boyfriends, and who ever it is that's messaging you.
And to play the woe is me card and post it publicly like its some major debacle, is such an attention grabbing thing to do.
People wouldn't message you knowing you're in a relationship if they didn't think you'd respond.
Looking like a sexy ass cowardly lion
Arigato Haaayy!!

<UNAMUSED FACE> *blocks*
I feel I'd pull off The Joker cause he's scrawny as shit
Update on halloween costume ideas 
I love how @VioletChachki's ugly look looked like one of Sasha Bell's first episode looks
YES 
At this point I only watch untucked for @katya_zamo and @TheGingerMinj cigarette breaks
@dxnald @katya_zamo @TheGingerMinj @pearliaison they aren't allowed to bring anything like that
Yay I found my third harness
All I care about is getting a flat stomach
Or cosmetic surgery
How can I get a body with out working out.
You're in your element today and don't want to take time to ex... More for Taurus 
"I miss you" 
No one misses me!
Me  
@HEARTLESSVince well they're both dead haha
@HEARTLESSVince sorry haha but yeah she was with him
@HEARTLESSVince Shao Kahn, yeah
I mean come the fuck on. 
@HEARTLESSVince what do you mean
@HEARTLESSVince she's a fucking queen
@HEARTLESSVince I honestly don't know how I forgot about her baha
Fucking shit, how could I forget about Sindel!?
@HEARTLESSVince Sindel?
Sadly, I'll be a lonely sub zero with no one to fight
I can body paint, and leather the fuxk out of that one. 
And latex.
There's more choices with sub zero though. 
I adore the blue steel costume.
I'm narrowed it down to Sub Zero, Rain, or Ermac.
I think I'm dead ass serious about a mortal kombat costume for Halloween.
@coltriversxxx I'm glad you agree
Which is fucking annoying that its gone missing
I need to find my third harness
Shuffle is finally doing good
There's things that gives you life, then there's shit that gives you immortality 
Getting my life back 
@kunthony_kills off
Do I come of as a bitch or is it just me reading my own tweets like that
@MoneyFameSex 
@xjosesilverio crazy how
@xjosesilverio someone's devoted haha
@xjosesilverio are you actually on this haha
@xjosesilverio @seekarrangement lmao
@xjosesilverio I'm just waiting patiently for one to come my way
@xjosesilverio same, but then again I'm not trying
I'd rather be looked at as a bitch than a whore
And mother does not play that.
Refusing to show kindness because it can be misread as flirting, and flirting can be misred as being a hoe.
Or I apparently don't put out any at all.
And apparently I put out negative vibes.
So apparently there are positive and negative vibes we all put out. And apparently we get back what we put out.
And the person commissioning them isn't making it any easier
Ugh these fucking things are stressing me out
I'm slipping 
@paulinesources when am I seeing my baby child!?
@paulinesources was terrible wasn't it :(
And no is most likely the answer
To trim my hair or not to trim my hair, that is the question.
Somewhere, out there waiting, is a place where I'll know peace.
I can never get enough of feed me diamonds
@TylerJustyn or just buy self tanner and not damage your skin as much
I am the damned
"I will destroy you"
Sucker punch was so very underrated.
I was thinking about dying NY hair back to black, but that thought is long gone now

@MissFameNYC where is this 
My sisters calling her friend a nasty ass lesbian acting like she never ate carpet.
Your innate ability to hold your ground comes in handy today i... More for Taurus 
And Im not self centered like some of these mediocre artists who think theyre the next da vinci just because they pick up a pencil or marker
@kunthony_kills *best
I know I'm not the beat when it comes to art/drawing but I know I'm a little above average
I've been slacking when it comes to drawing, that needs to stop.
Photo: operavexen: pikachu you are not an eeveelution get out of the fucking shot 
Photo:  
Photoset: koyang27: beautifulpicturesofhealthyfood: Melon Ball Punch…RECIPE INGREDIENTS 25.4 oz Sparkling... 
Video: artwavey: criacow: pearwaldorf:#cow! #omg #DOES THAT MACHINE SAY HAPPYCOW ON IT #OMGGGG #ded of cute... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Video:  
Photoset:  
If we were dating... - bepeu: telvi1: finish it in my ask.  okay lets see how bad this can get 
Video: prasejeebus: jas0nwaterfalls: smartwaterjpg: smartwaterjpg: i am sick! i can’t stop thinking about... 
Video: comics: “All Who Follow You” 
Photo:  
You said "I hate Rihanna" but the lie detector determined that every time We Found Love comes on in the... 
Photoset:  
Using the correct pronouns is just as important when the person isnt there to hear it. 
You start being disliked when you stop drinking the kool aid
Photo: illustration-cf: ♛ 
Photoset: rudegyalchina: candivase: I SPENT MY WHOLE CHILDHOOD TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT SHE WAS SPELLING... 
Photoset: rudegyalchina: candivase: I SPENT MY WHOLE CHILDHOOD TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT SHE WAS SPELLING... 
Video: njy2: squats-y-tortillas: succubuskitt3n: puertericoprince: porngeekstuff: Damn that penis is PINK!... 
Photo: drinkandthedevil: OH MY GOD  
Video: victore89: I would cry if I were the victim of the LmAO 
Photoset: thefinenanny: Fran Fine’s tennis outfit.  
Photoset: ruinedchildhood: when you eat gushers your head turns into the fruit of the flavor that you eat... 
Photo: anthonyrwatts: Grimes for British Vogue 
Video: victore89: This is hot 
Photo:  
Video: hotcheetoprincess: my dream greeting 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photo: battlecamp: POKEMON + WORLD OF WARCRAFT’s Love Child! Every hero starts somewhere. Where will you... 
Pro Tip - fortiesandhoneybabiesandmoney: m–xx: kweer-damozel: simplyt: lilmissgoodgirl: m–xx: Don’t stay... 
Photoset:  
Photo: andrewbelami: Remember when Gaga performed as a shit covered condom with Rupaul 
Photoset:  
Video:  
Photo: cannibal-rainbow: Different types of attraction: sexual, sensual, romantic, platonic, aesthetic. 
Photoset: americaninfographic: Greek Gods 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photoset: jocontemporary: a summary of Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days 
Overheard: Predicting AHS: Hotel - Gaga: *kills someone* Viewers: SLAY GAGA YASSSSSS SLAY BITCH YASSSSSS... 
Photoset:  
@gabe_reall I'd rather be a bitch than an angry illiterate.
My water is too far and I'm too lazy.
@gabyisdope I've only seen parts of the first captain america. I was only ever really interested in guardians. And age of ultron.
@gabe_reall I'm not even talking to you. So take this problem to your instigating guard rat. Bye.
@samanthajanine_ @gabe_reall you go do that. Okay, bu-bye.
@samanthajanine_ I think I did, that's why he got mad, which led to you instigating.
@gabyisdope all I've seen is dark world haha
@samanthajanine_ @gabe_reall oh god another one whose vocabulary doesn't go as farther than cuss words, okay.
Is lack of vocabulary really something to be jealous of?
"Hater"? 
@gabe_reall sure, whatever helps you sleep at night.
@samanthajanine_ @gabe_reall I ended this convo so mind your business, okay take care now, bye bye then.
@gabe_reall I'm not gonna take this conversation seriously if you can't insult right and continue to spell incorrectly. So bu-bye.
When someone says they wanna be loved for more than just their body.....and all they do is show their body.....
@MandiieeKillaaa what kind of tacos though
@MissFameNYC what ever happened to this
@dayday562 @moni3323 *logs out
@gabe_reall don't get mad at me cause you can't spell properly
Your words don't hurt me if you can't even spell properly.
@gabe_reall highkey buy a dictionary
@dayday562 @moni3323 nothing. Othung, you look good in that picture
Trolololololl
And highkey illiterate 
@AlexFaction was that a serious hate tweet?
@dayday562 @moni3323 yes, as in necks
Safe to say I'm not completely interested in the avengers
@gabyisdope thought you mean actually avenger movies, I was thinking isn't there only one out right now
@moni3323 @dayday562 I just eyerolled so hard I saw my past life. I want to see your nephew and no one else Have your sister make him a snap
When I open @moni3323 snap story and I see her bf instead of her nephew 
Hello, my name is Anthony and all I do is drink water.
@janthonyperezz Omg
When you see your ex in everyone's comments. 
You can't just throw that around as loosely as your asshole. That's a reputation that requires work.
"Most gays hate me" 
Do most gays even know who you are?
Listening to 'Kill my Boyfriend' with ain't nobody to kill
That was my everyday CD player shit
Queen of the damned soundtrack is my life.
@xjosesilverio or just buy me shit
This is happiness @mortuaryrituals  #anitamortuary 
Positivity won't save you.
Why is everyone who shows ass called a baddie?
I feel I look like this every time I eat a Popsicle 
@MannyMua733 she said all that while looking like a low budget Laverne Cox
Waits patiently for May 6th 
Who the fuck sat down and thought up happy tree friends
Pa-the-tic 
You long to swim in calmer emotional waters, but you might hav... More for Taurus 

I never understood why the old lady took Tod out in the woods to protect him 
Isn't what where they go to hunt?
The only thing getting in my way of finishing these skulls is me
Everyone's talking about how drunk they are and I'm just here watching fox and the hound
Take a number and have a seat
You had all this time to "get to know me" but now when I'm moving, you wanna speak up
I find it to be complete bulshit when someone says they're sad I'm moving cause they didn't really get to know me
Vnv nation has gotten me through a lot
I need this in blue, purple, gray, or black 
Brother asked me to color with him 
My sister keeps listening to a song that repeats "all I need is one more drink"
No, bitch, what you need is to get your shit together.
There's plenty of action on the home front today, especially i... More for Taurus 
Those are states  
When people bring up "god" to/around me 
Calling it a night, continuing 5/10 tomorrow 
Hoping everything is fine  
Anita Mortuary is back
@mortuaryrituals crying
@nevahaes_ I wanted to slap the kid
@nevahaes_ I liked it though, the ending wasn't good, but it scared me a little
On another note, fuck this movie. 
She said, while looking like a low budget Laverne cox  
@Honeyllemon its too late now
@NxtLvlKing @xjosesilverio thank you
People say my attitude is off putting. Well to me, hyper sensitivity, bad grammar, and closed mindedness is off putting.
Its funny, I was getting looked down at but the pastors daughter gets pregnant out of wedlock and it's a wonderful thing
@xjosesilverio wrong
@ErickkBoyy @SyakibPutera like instead of reading the bible he needs to pick up a dictionary, maybe he wouldn't be as mad
I went to church, and all I got was judgmental eyes for being gay from parents whose children were out drinking and doing drugs.
@ErickkBoyy @SyakibPutera I'm sorry but all this is hilarious
Bible thumpers just making themselves look like dumbasses.
@ErickkBoyy @SyakibPutera the bible is creation of man too, let's not forget that.
@dopechelly she wants to talk about brave, she's brave for speaking out sounding like such a dumbass
#youpeople
@dopechelly its stupidly annoying that they think like that
@dopechelly that's exactly the bullshit I'm talking about
@ErickkBoyy @SyakibPutera logic is about as fucked up as the grammar
*makeup comes out in several shades* 
"But what about women of color?"
They're just as self centered as whites
Not in a racist way or anything but blacks crack me up
@Honeyllemon tfti
@patrickstarrr can we go to @GrillEmAll
You are like a lighthouse beacon for your friends today becaus... More for Taurus 
Lighten up Anthony
What are hair products
Instead of moping aloud, I'll just keep it all to myself
I'm like a pillow filled with glass
@Adolfo_Bee @ArianaGrande only watched this cause I thought the black lady was gonna react
What about blending that blush  
@netflix needs to stop fucking around and add the rest of 'Young Justice'
@xjosesilverio lol good
@MannyMua733 bible thumpers need to pick up a dictionary since they wanna read
@xjosesilverio I've never seen your stomach
@MannyMua733 I never knew makeup was a garment
Sucking in your stomach doesn't count as having a flat one
By the power of Ra!!
It reminds me of Rath from 'Mummies Alive' and he was always my favorite.
And Pharaoh Ermac, especially Pharoh Ermac.
I'm making Jason's release as a birthday present
So I'm guessing I'm unapproachable because I come off as picky
Is cute but has a Marilyn Monroe shirt 
@nevahaes_ over his suit, it looks like a damn jock strap
No wonder Takeda's ass is so nice, he's basically wearing a jock
Like when did you go to prison?
Wasn't having it with that shotty ass face tattoo, not having it with this
Said it once and I'll say it again, just because your friend has a camera, it doesn't make you model on the rise.
All you need is to post one shot and a link, not shove that flabby ass in peoples faces
I'm sorry, but not with this sad ass photoshoot.
You long to enjoy the fruits of your recent labor, but you mig... More for Taurus 
@charli_xcx then get one
You have all day to message me, and you chose right now to do so. Fuck that shit. I. Am. Sleep.
Listens to pretty when you cry
If you've made a my idol, may you get chlamydia and die. That's all.
My night (followed by steel magnolias) 
*lives forever* 
*world  
You can stop in following me then refollowing me, I think we both know I'm not gonna follow you back
3/10 
Photoset: extraordinarycomics: Minimalist Justice League Posters by Moonposter. 
I like thick eyebrows, but don't fill them in to the point where you look like you have two big ass exclamation marks on your fucking head
You are driven to make significant progress today as thoughtfu... More for Taurus 
Those would be the costume styles I would go for
Halloween costume ideas 
Sad ass rhymes and the same beat over and over
Ghost Town is annoying tbh
Is it a real shocker that Iceman is gay though
*waits for a good remix to ghost town"
Instead of not retweeting illiterate tweets, I'm just gonna correct them
That bindi just looks like a zit on your forehead
Who's a bitch? I'm a bitch.
Because their grammar is...stupid.....hmmm very articulate...much intelligence  
You do that, I'm gonna go find out who these black people are
That explains the pimple  
Like do some of you just sit around comparing shit
Cause Kim fucking owns the blonde wig  
Actually, my eyes are trying to tell you if my lips ain't talkin then they ain't saying nothing as long as my feet are walking.
Body doesn't count when you're wearing a faja, and style doesn't count when you're wearing the same oufit in different colors and prints.
@rihanna has been fucking doing it for me 
@nevahaes_ true true I just want to be a blue ninja and kitanas mask would be easier to make than sub zeros structured one
@nevahaes_ I wanted to do kitana or one of them, but I feel that's a twink cop out thing to do
Love this even though he looks like tremor 
If I were to be him, I would want the cryomancer arms
Sub Zero was always my favorite.
I want to dress up as a MK ninja for Halloween. It would be better if it was a group look.
@FapGoddess is everything rn
Your dogged tenacity is your not-so-secret weapon today as you... More for Taurus 
Hello, my name is Anthony, and I like smelling my underwear after my workouts.
I'm guessing those sweatpants are all that fit you right now  
@Tophersensei amaze balls, the blue steel skin is so cool
Just downloaded 
Crayola pencils are the bane of my work, but I'm not using anything else for these skulls
Brainiac 
Today's the main day out of the year when you really know who's on the pot smoking band wagon.
Ansel knows damn well what he's doing taking shots like this 
The fact of the matter is it usually takes a lot of provocatio... More for Taurus 
@AlfredStCloud  
Feel a significance in the real world.
I want to mean something to somebody else.
Random @DavidSlickitup 
Hi, I'm (insert basic name here) and I go to coachella just to post videos
Biggie did not die for this  
Fizzle wizzle
Gonna get my feet wet 
You may remain bewildered about a romantic interest today even... More for Taurus 
Copying someone's work even down to the signature
@lucasbavid much?  
I'm doing everything I can 
Every night is like this
Every night is the same.
I think it's time to really get my feet wet in tattooing
So don't think about wasting my time when it comes to something I'm supposed to be getting paid for
I hate my time being wasted in general.
Do not waste my time.
If you're going to contact me for a commission and make so many comments and changes about what you want then youd better go through with it
If you're not 100% on a commission, don't ask for one
Not sure if I should continue these 
Bitch is on a first name basis with planned parenthood
My sisters just trying to save her ass and my moms falling for it
Dope feinds talking about god is like obese people talking about exercise
I had a dream with my two major ex's and @MarinasDiamonds 
And some other gays I can't remember
@Jesssser I was a tad let down by the last 3, and those were the ones I was most excited about 
And the gold but I'm in love with that one
@Jesssser I'm screaming 
For I am not worthy @ColourPopCo 
Although you might appear relaxed and easygoing, you have a hi... More for Taurus 


@MoneyFameSex he actually went from a 7 to a 10
What gym is this  
How I feel after a workout 
Hello, my name is Anthony, and my personality isn't great enough to want to keep around.
If I could pull of the bald look, o would've shaved my head long ago
I don't see how people can like Mariah Carey
@ben666_ I tried that with no success but I'm doing an art trade for one haha
@ben666_ where did you get that at!?
Jesus fucking Christ  
Two major inspirations of mine are Gustavo Rimada and Wendy Ortiz
I still believe @TheBiancaDelRio is my spirit animal, if not long lost relative
You may attempt to downplay your desires because you want ever... More for Taurus 
@nevahaes_ I liked his fighting, his lasher is my favorite variation
Again, Kenshi's fatalities are my favorite
@nevahaes_ I like Takeda's style, his fatalities aren't my favorite though
You don't want to vent, you want to gossip
@nevahaes_ @GameStop I have yet to fight as him
Its funny how you see all the girls with busted makeup skills commenting against @MannyMua733, reason behind that?
Wishing I lived in beach city
She looks like coconut head in the second picture  
"Why not be sub zero?" 
Why not shut the fuck up.
Halloween costume idea 
@ayooSB__ well Sonya is one my of my main favorites, but idk if drawing her would be fun, and sindel matters a lot
@ayooSB__ its not that easy, there's sindel, Tanya, Scarlet, frost, Sonya, and li mei. And some others but they don't really matter
I could go with all the female ninjas, but there's a handful to choose from, then there's my queen Sindel.
@ayooSB__ I'm going to narrow it down to 3 or 4, so its gonna be a tough decision to make


*alternate costumes
Taking MKX into account, suggestions can/should include variations and alternative costumes.
Since I love all the female characters from MK, I'm open to suggestions.
Since I'm doing a handful of female characters from Marvel v.s Capcom, I feel I should do the same for Mortal Kombat.
Of course they make the gay one the one with the attitude
@ben666_ hahaha yeah I know and it used to be your name too, I'm filing at his fatalities though which is urking me
@ben666_ like I had to ask haha I went with it too cause shinnok has been my latest obsession
@janthonyperezz I was feeling the same but I'm not ready to cut my hair just yet, so most likely a new color
@janthonyperezz but still fainting though
@janthonyperezz but no!! <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> I always loved/envied your hair.
@ben666_ I'm guessing you chose the brotherhood of shadows as your faction
@moni3323 *redbull
@janthonyperezz did you cut your hair?
Your boss might not be very demonstrative with his or her supp... More for Taurus 

@nevahaes_ yeah, it is. I'm trying to get it done this week for a commission
@nevahaes_ I'm doing them and their arch enemies
@nevahaes_ superman
@nevahaes_ hahaha dammit, no justice league...
@MoneyFameSex cute, but no.
@MoneyFameSex sure, if you're gonna out pay the person that I'm doing this for
Annoyed 
@nevahaes_ I was gonna choose that our white lotus, but I went with brotherhood of shadows
@nevahaes_ what faction did you choose?
And you can tell him that, yes, I do think I'm better than him, because I can handle my liquor.
Its funny how we're not invited to avoid drama, but I'm sure your dumbass friend who tries to start fights for no reason was.
I feel like Natalia is posting a lot on IG just to piss people off
@Jesssser yes we do!!
@Jesssser our snarky back and forth attitudes haha 
That's the only reason I really went to that damn class cause I still don't know spanish
I miss spanish class with @Jesssser
@Jesssser I mainly want the one on the second row and the far right first row but the others are nice too haha what video?
@Jesssser actually these 5 aha 
@Jesssser I was looking for those haha there's two I have my eyes on
@Jesssser their six farewell pots, and seven other colors lol
My moms asking me to fix my sister in law up 
@ColourPopCo I just ordered the other day, I'm just being impatient
Waiting on @ColourPopCo like 
A metaphysical idea or a romantic possibility inspires you to ... More for Taurus 
Lady gaga took a shit at this restroom two years ago.
Do y'all just wait around to post these things? 
A bad attitude doesn't compliment a monkey face
@ASOTCHVRLIE__ same tbh
Um.. 
"What's a taint?"
Bye.
Illiterate pussies
When you wanna correct someone on their spelling but know that they're just gonna get offended.
I ain't trying to come for some swollen sack on IG
@MoneyFameSex I'm just saying lol
@MoneyFameSex well he needs to grow some balls
@MoneyFameSex your second message though
@MoneyFameSex did he message you?
A bunch of Kennedys, Gingers, and Jaidynns calling themselves pearls and violets.
@nevahaes_ him dying in annihilation should have worked into the game lol
@nevahaes_ right! I was thrown off to see him still in the game and even a strong part of it
@nevahaes_ that's also part of why I like her, I have a love hate for Johnny but she has he good of him
@nevahaes_ that's why I like Cassie haha
@nevahaes_ Omg Cassie's selfie fatalitie though
Earning the right to call these booty shorts
@nevahaes_ that's what I was thinking
@nevahaes_ sindel is my queen
@nevahaes_ yeah like I mean its cool and cute story wise but its just a duoe of another character
Dear god, pray for all the people using "#gaymer" tags today
@nevahaes_ I need to see more of what takeda is about, he looks badass
@nevahaes_ true and I'm not a big fan of jax either. But isn't Cassie like Sonya? Lol
@nevahaes_ I'm talking about the men lol all the women are always my faves, I have to see about Jacqui though lol
I feel like Shinnok, Ronin Kenshi, and Kotal Kahn are easily gonna be my favorite characters.
So I have to wait for the characters and skins, fun.
You're concerned about losing your pragmatic approach to finan... More for Taurus 
I am dying @trixiemattel  
Nothing will speak to me like VNV Nation
I still feel like the intro to 'Acid Annie' should have been on 'Kill my Boyfriend'
@MoneyFameSex someone barely found out what kill my boyfriend is 
@MoneyFameSex the one where she doesn't have long hair
@MoneyFameSex Omg have you seen wonderland though?
@MoneyFameSex but no, all you can mention is problem.
@MoneyFameSex what's a womannequin?
@MoneyFameSex throw a curve ball like what's activate my heart
@MoneyFameSex like did he even know what you were watching?
@MoneyFameSex I eye rolled so hard at that comment
Inspo 
Do I have bad eyebrows?
I'm torn right now
Its always the same critique from him. Just this time its better understood.
For many things, my uncle is a big inspiration to me.
I just want to feel at home in someone's arms.
@lovveluis @SuperheroFeed I like the sound of agent jumper over agent ranger lol

Forever feeling 'Watching You'
Finding out that my soon to be sister in law is a Taurus
Mood 
Even if you are extremely cautious about expressing your desir... More for Taurus 
@Antcriedwolf same
It's funny how blacks and gays are booking about Hilary
You might think that you have all your bases covered with your... More for Taurus 
Punk ass @dayday562 leaving early
Apparently I'm not invited cause I'm drama.
@B_xndr @frdrckrmrz one of the people in the gay couple emoji tbh
@frdrckrmrz just make it a big deal like blacks did
"@frdrckrmrz: still can't find my skin tone in any of the new emojis #caramelskin" your skin is not caramel
"@IIIVIIIXIV: It's cute when really unfortunate looking people are really good at makeup it's like yes you go you polish that turd" THIS
Boo waking up early
Yay hiking tomorrow
@xjosesilverio all of it just confuses me
Mood 
Bottoms talking about eating ass confuses the life out of me
@Tornado_Nateee lmao, I'm happy with the hairiness of mine
@paulinesources I <BLUE HEART> you too
Who doesn't like a hairy ass?
@MoneyFameSex can you get this mess out of my notifications
To shave or not to shave
@AyeJimmy hell if I know
Aesthetic goals. 
I don't really need to work on mg my body for pride this year (if I go) 
Anything I do will be better than how I looked last year.
When you see @AlexFaction has an Xbox 
@ferennx to be better appreciated
What the fuck is #teamgay about
@AlexFaction same
@Antcriedwolf had the same breakfast minus the broccoli
I want to drink
Your finances could become a trouble spot if you lose touch wi... More for Taurus 
People are talking about how they wish they were at coachella and I'm over here like I'd rather be at @IMATS
Forever unable to admit I'm attracted to someone.
I put my hair in a rubber band for growth reasons.
@B_xndr they're in packs of 3
@SagatFrancois @KICKSAGAT I don't know which I should get. 
Gaga giving us some @pearliaison 
Like why can't I just get it over with already to claim my spiderman.
Yay now I gotta wait 22:29:10 for the next spider challenge.
@okcajlca tumblr
Is it pointing me in the direction to something? Will I find one eyed Willy's treasure?
Bent penises, confuse me. Like what's it looking at.
Who needs who
So don't expect an apology from me. You already got two apologies, you're just mad for no reason now.
I font see how I was disrespectful today, but you're mad about old shit wgic I already apologized for.
I do t see why you were picking on him in the first place but you got mad cause he got upset
Grow the fuck up and stop wallowing in self pity.
Defending my brother is disrespecting my brother.
Mood 
@MoneyFameSex <FACE THROWING A KISS>
Going through @MoneyFameSex IG 
"I don't play videogames" 
When you think someone's cute and they mention the kardashians 
Especially 
What I want my love to sound like. 
I want someone to play mortal kombat with
Yes, I enjoy makeup, but you're not gonna see me "beat my mug" anytime soon.
I still need them all in my life though.
Well jawbreaker and abused remind me of poolboy and vain. Idk about  RX and blue velvet. Blue velvet may be a little more royal than RX.
The 3 new Jeffree Star colors remind me of Poolboy, RX, and Vain from @occmakeup
Shitty attitudes aren't cute, and neither is bad skin and a jalapeño nose.
@lord_lucci thanks
Not just any someone. One of the most important someone's I know.
Was asked to draw someone as a crystal gem.
"Everything comes to he who waits... And I have waited so very long for this moment." Goodnight. 
@YourManAdrian not on everybody
Of course my sisters backing up another tramp then blaming the guy.
*listens to @NataliaKills
@iidkjay @NataliaKills then why are you wasting your time on her?
@Alonzoknows k, go to sleep.
@iidkjay @NataliaKills so two wrongs make a right? Calling her trash makes everything better?
People are holding grudges for something that wasn't even done to them.
People can wish death on her and use racial slurs, but she's still the villain? Okay.
@iidkjay @NataliaKills people need to seriously get over this. The crap she's getting for this is far worse than what she did.
"@Alonzoknows: Android are the uglies things ever" so is bad spelling
You talk about the same circles you run in.
You really settle for what you can get, don't you.
@nevahaes_ the force is strong with this one lol
@nevahaes_ it offers more than enough of that lol
@nevahaes_ exactly lol I know well enough about the story line but nothing about tidbit references
@nevahaes_ but he doesn't stalk haha
@nevahaes_ read good books and bad people lol
@nevahaes_ but I wouldn't get references like that lol
@nevahaes_ I follow you on tumblr, I think that's where I first followed you, I'm hardly on there and even I know you're in a relationship
@nevahaes_ I know of him but he faded away, I think it was cause I sensed this kind of mess from him
@nevahaes_ my little brother is more into it than I am, whenever I watch an episode its cause of him
@nevahaes_ I don't want to lol I feel bad already
@nevahaes_ I fail
@nevahaes_ someone's prissy
@nevahaes_ no sadly
@nevahaes_ I don't know what that is
My sister saying "that's fucking gay"
You don't see me saying that's fucking horse teeth.
@nevahaes_ the word cutie annoys the shit out of me
Speaking of twinks
Thirst following another twink who loves Lana
But as always, a high fade for me
If I can't think of a way to really work with this length, I'm thinking of just trimming it
Deciding on a haircut for next week
Your previous responsibilities take precedence over everything... More for Taurus 
When people tell me that vagina are like a flower 
Why tan when I can just use body bling
Like I should have a bag of oranges or bucket of roses by me.
Reluctant towards tanning because I'm afraid that I'll look like a Mayan descent Mexican.
@MoneyFameSex @NataliaKills really?
I want to be everywhere with you.
Ugh I feel like that's what my ass looks like
@Blkmagikwoman95 I'm always free
@chrisss_05 
@Blkmagikwoman95 yes indeed, in July
@chrisss_05 last I remember was winning so 
@chrisss_05 just like it did for you to get back a win
@chrisss_05 
@chrisss_05 
@chrisss_05 
@chrisss_05 mmhmmm okay
@chrisss_05 don't make me use lili on you again.
Fake piercings, for when you wanna look edgy but are too much of a pussy to commit.
@chrisss_05 shush, not you
Isn't Madonna a little too old to be a rebel though. 
What does she have to rebel against? Taking her vitamins?
Fucking auto correct.
Is being trendy supposed to be a good thing though
Puerto Ricans low key annoy me
@B_xndr why so you can stop replying
I don't know if these underwear are shrinking or if these workouts are paying off.
Goodnight 
Mood 
Girl, you gotta ease all that ugly in don't just have all your beast looking friends in one selfie. I almost threw my phone.
Fast food grosses me out
Black and Mexican blonds?
The new emojis look ridiculous
Feel the burn, bitch.
I don't spill tea, I throw it in your face.
Workout mood 
All y'all calling yourselves "champagne papi" are devaluing champagne.
@ItsRickyDUHH read my last tweet bitch, I know I'm Monica.
Who the fuck am I kidding, I'm Monica
@ItsRickyDUHH I'm Rachel though
@MoneyFameSex 
@MoneyFameSex 
@MoneyFameSex lmao no
Me and @ItsRickyDUHH 
Madeline Ashton is my spirit animal
Your originality is abundant today and you're itching to share... More for Taurus 
"@christmas_black: All is calm all is bright, who is in my house tonight? #BlackChristmasMovie 
@nevahaes_ that's how I was before, I switched for a week once before but didn't like it 
Then tried the note 4 and loved it
@nevahaes_ I use to with my iPhone lol

Bae: come over 
Me: new phone who dis
@nevahaes_ I never had that problem
@nevahaes_ of course I have, I was in love with the characters I had till I switched phones :(
@nevahaes_ I hate you, its not on android yet
How does a lesbian "go harder"?
@paulinesources 
@paulinesources 
@paulinesources 
@paulinesources okay

*Anthony is furious
@paulinesources @ZodiacFacts always <FACE THROWING A KISS>
People are telling @NataliaKills to kill herself because she "ALMOST made a grown man cry" 
That makes sense.
Im guessing @sethmeyers is a blue beetle fan
*talks about being nice and spreading kindness* ..............................*is a bitch*
I'm openly a bitch.
You need to read up on what tea is. #getyourselfiestogether
It's easy to talk shit when your profiles private
They came with tattoos <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Look what just came in the mail @KICKSAGAT 
Choke on your tea
@westondearest has a heart by his name on my snap, what does that mean
Open up my eager eyes.
@vicious_onee hmmm lol whataya doing today?
"@drunk: Party while you can because no one looks back on their life and remembers the nights they got plenty of sleep" I do though
@vicious_onee what is this what's going on
Barbie's don't have acne though
Get yo water
Dont be mad cause you're thirsty
Have all the seats please.
I have as much sexual hunger was the next pair of balls but you don't see me announcing it to people.
There's a big difference between carving sex and being thirsty.

Subscribe here: 
Mood 
@TheyCallMeCL sure
"@TheyCallMeCL: When you wake up craving sex &gt;&gt;&gt; hate being single."I don't think you needed a relationship, I think you need water

Who Do You Prefer?

FAV - Nicki Minaj

Voting Ends In Two Hours. 
Cheap thrills with cheaper people
Since when's are tops size queens
I am not here for all these fucking pets @TheGingerMinj
Your biggest and best ideas could create problems today if you... More for Taurus 
Just shorts
I think I'll actually wear shorts this time
Whatever, time to workout
On the other hand I think @KENNEDYtheDOLL is one to talk about people's looks looking like a chicken that escaped KFC.
@paulinesources I teach classes on the weekends lol 
I'm always here if you would just text me
I loved @TheGingerMinj's death becomes her look, I just wanted to hug her. 
I need a doll of that
@kunthony_kills I have a headache
You posted flop ass twerking videos and think you have the right to call people fuckboys
Glory be to Perrier
Send me a kink/fetish and I can only reply with B) or B( 
Photo: zzleigh: Rose has been inspiring me a lot lately so I got all Shepard Fairey up in this biz Prints,... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Anonymous said: I love my boyfriend but he is fucking boring in bed. I don't know what to do to actually... 
Photo: gam1069: Bubble butt 
rimblaster: When someone says they have extra fries 
Photo:  
Photo: curtisplease: the last round of musical chairs is always so intense!  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: dicksplit: 
Video: adriofthedead: vinebox: Send this to your crush with no context Before I started dating my... 
johnjewbert: if you dont like me please dont pretend to like me ever 
Photo: route119: all you wanna do is see me turn into a giant woman 
Video: icameas-roman: CLICK IT NOWWWFHSKDGKAHSJS 
Photoset: sockhopsandsodaparlors: vanstothesun: R.I.P. Paul Walker THIS MAKES ME SO SAD <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> bby <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><PERSEVERING FACE> 
alienaided: It’s weird when you realize the person you once told everything to now has no idea of what’s... 
Photo: eduiin: <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Photoset: geniusbee: And it’s stronger than you~ 
Video: crustydollparts: i thought i was the only one to ever find this funny in the movie 
Photo: mattheww: Touchdown, or something. 
Video: tapatiopapi: medicine: sagalstheory: WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS APP please @ the very last one some1... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: jedisunshine: Ryan Reynolds begins filming ‘Deadpool’ in Vancouver Flipping beautiful 
Photo:  
sodomymcscurvylegs:Me, at every video game loading screen ever: 
gorlt: and, if you can’t afford my recipes try Rachel Ray’s cheap ass 
Photo: briannieh: Buenas noches #briannieh 
Photo:  
Overheard: the signs and who they should date - Aries: Libra Taurus: Pisces Gemini: Libra Cancer: Aquarius... 
rissalady: I like when someone becomes a part of your daily routine. It’s nice to talk to someone who wants... 
Photoset:  
Photo: bradjoescotthowardhair: My favorite show from NYFW14: Zac Posen. Punk rock/old Hollywood hair by... 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photo: gamefreaksnz: ButtBorne 
Photo:  
Photo: Leg goals 
Photo:  
Photo:  
"@taaaaurus: #Taurus prefers simple gestures of love rather than huge public displays of affection." Which no one understands
That was a long shot but oh well
@thekatvond whataya think 
This is clarity
Listening to love songs with an empty mind
You're really cute with all of grindr commenting on your thirst trap ass video of you popping your back out
You short as shit, who you trying to look hard with
Okay so @GuysNsweatpants has Anthony Romero in their display, but where is he
If your profile is private, I'm not following you back.
I want last summers Nike roshe runs in Catalina/poison
Can't wait to hear guardian again
Masochism
I find it funny how people can speak of how they "love" someone then quickly jump to spite once the the relationships over.
@janthonyperezz me with my cat
You may be full of revolutionary ideas today but still have a ... More for Taurus 
Have whatever views you want about the cast or the show, but please know what you're talking about. Pick up as dictionary please
Why am I still up
I cannot work with flat coloring
Ur so deep
*hands out dictionaries 
Here I am talking about grammar and proper spelling while looking like a jackass
@kunthony_kills *you
I mean you can speak properly, why can't to type that way
I cannot stand illiteracy through text
You might wholeheartedly believe you are doing the right thing... More for Taurus 
Photoset:  
50 RTS = 50 VOTES    <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH>
100 RTS = 100 VOTES<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
I vote for #Zendaya #YoureSoFancy @radiodisney 
@followalejandro I followed her to see her though, not selfies of someone else
Last night was fun with @paulinesources
@_ddanielx good choice haha
@_ddanielx well I don't own a dildo so I think I've already decided
Cute nose contour, just try to keep it the same every time though
Hi my name is Anthony, and I sing along to the sings on Steven Universe.
@_ddanielx um
Not as handsome as Alex but still cute
Happy birthday to the handsome @MannyMua733
Yes, we get it, you're a strong independent gay woman who don't need no man.
You might have so many obligations to fulfill now that you thi... More for Taurus 
Yass and tops go together like cacti and balloons
@paulinesources I like food!
@salxsaviour I wasn't gonna work out today but now I have to
@salxsaviour that doesn't even count
What is a @ChrisCrocker, it sounds like something you get after eating bad chipotle
She finally has skin
Actually @GrillEmAll doesn't sound bad at all, I could go for a good beer(s) and a burger.
Already have psylocke, morrigan, and phoenix on my list. Who else? 
Why does twitter notify me when everybody thirst follows some chunti
I need to start clearing out my room and really get myself prepared for this move.
How do I feel about my birthday being on a Thursday
These candles are my obsession. 
Age of ultron and grill em all or sushi and noodles for my bday and I'll be a happy camper.
Dear god I want to see 'Age of Ultron' for my birthday.
"Fuck you" 
You'd love to
I'm not interested in seeing your nudes, if you wanna send me something on snap, send me cash.
@nevahaes_ if it were real I'd be freaking out, but its too good to be true
Demonstrating your stellar competence while remaining open to ... More for Taurus 
@nevahaes_ I know
@noobde is this real what's this about 
Remember last April fools day when every bottom tried saying they got a girl pregnant. 
Cause that's believe able.
I that was a joke about your personality, not the extent of your ass
You so deep though
You're always mad or depressed about something
I wasn't talking about you but 
What the fuck am I doing
I want to watch it follows
I'm sorry but if a girl throws punches, she better be prepared to receive them.
Graphic tees are my Achilles' heel 
When you wanna take a like back but you're the only person that liked the picture
Asked my brother which spiderverse character he wants me to draw (meant one) and I got this. 
You don't need anyone to inspire you today; you woke up with a... More for Taurus 
Can't sleep
When shit just makes you lose your appetite
@AlexFaction oh lol I didn't see that! I thought you threw it on her
@AlexFaction well in general like that blindfold makeup video but yeah I just saw the snap lol
I died when you threw a pillow on her
@AlexFaction's laugh is everything
@ItsRickyDUHH is so lucky I love him like I do, anybody else try to play a joke like that. They get dropped.
@TylerJustyn what do you mean lol
@TylerJustyn so in may we are going out like we use to
"@reIatable: You vs Me <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
@chiquitaashh no probs, love your glasses
@chiquitaashh beautiful as hell though
Bored and realizing maybe makeup isn't my thing 
I thought @katya_zamo looked beautiful with her hair down like that
You aren't the first one to come up with a viable answer to an... More for Taurus 
I didn't want to color the avengers so.. 
What kinda of underwear is your favorite? — I love all underwear 
OMG for Terminator: Genisys
Thoughts on Lana Del Rey? — is this really a question. 
Have you ever sniffed your own underwear and were turned on? — all the time 
Just cause you're in a relationship doesn't mean you're not a hoe anymore.
Hoes calling hoes hoes. What is life.
"@carlyaquilino: Everyone who goes to Cochella is an asshole right ?"very much so
@B_xndr do it
What the fuck was the ice princess video
Women shouldn't fully adopt drag makeup techniques.
Before I move I need to visit west Hollywood one more time and I want to go to Disneyland, Knott's, and six flags.
@_patrickstarrr_ @tartecosmetics how do you feel about their bb cream
I may be as skinny as a twix bar, but I'm happy that my thighs touch.
@nevahaes_ over Kandy and some others, yes. She had a agreed of personality that some lacked.
I'm saddened to see #MrsKashaDavis go home
You may experience such a strong boost of energy today that yo... More for Taurus 
@alxslzy therefore I win 
@alxslzy I mean there's no text and even if there were it wouldn't work in this convo
@alxslzy that one doesn't even work
@alxslzy 
@alxslzy don't do that, don't use my queen against me
@alxslzy sabotaging my tweets and shit, making me look like a dumbass <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
I need new people to go out with
@alxslzy out, but apparently my phone just wants me to stay the fuck home
@badkidluizz_ I hate you
So in about a month+ we'll finally be able to do some long awaited real going out @TylerJustyn
You should consider shaving, you're starting to look like you're from kasheek
Although I always lean towards blues, pinks, corals and always black. 
Sometimes grey and white.
I wish I had someone to help me decide on which underwear to get
I am so confused are y'all best friends or enemies?
@MoneyFameSex today 
I want froyo, mochi, udon, and a beef bowl.
All together.
$85 for a brush? 
That shut better blend on contact
Your unwavering determination is your greatest strength as you... More for Taurus 
Gaga fans are annoying
You and your boyfriend aren't cute. And being in drag only makes it worse
Who toll you that was cute? 
Slap yourself
Stop over tweezing your eyebrows
"@MarilynMonroeDC: Forever waiting for you to text me first.." did they have cell phones back then, Marilyn?
Why would I watch someone else's tutorials on how to do @MissFameNYC's makeup
I just need to work on this ass
Up next for purchase are @KICKSAGAT jocks 
Deciding on colors. Black is a must though.
It's more complicated to express your feelings today if they s... More for Taurus 
@OfficialKat it's called vodka
Why must your posts RUIN EVERYTHING
My problem is not enough underwear
I have an underwear problem
You have a deep v and chain gay
Tragic
@katya_zamo queen
Call me bitter I don't care
All these young gays getting engaged
@Adolfo_Bee I'll have what she's smoking
But are y'all in it for you or to document you're in one
Yes we get it you're in a relationship
You like the idea of getting cozy with close friends and famil... More for Taurus 
Right now my tl is just gay porn and lady gaga
@kunthony_kills *if
I'd there us no chance of us staying a relationship or even meeting, don't bother. I don't feel like just talking.
You can put as much glitter on a piece of shit as you want but its still gonna be a piece of shit.
You aren't attractive as a boy what make you think being a girl is gonna make it any better?
I like twinks, but fuck. Shut up.
You're just in everyone's comments tonight aren't you
@paulinesources awe poop :(
Missing @paulinesources
Video: fabian5000: Max’s little cute chair song. 
Photo:  
“Mothas!... Have arrived!” - pikapowerbottom: 
openglopish: Mom: “I’m home! Come downstairs!” Me: “No! I’m sleeping!” Mom: “I have food!” Me: 
"@ThePromProposaI: Ask me to prom like this 
Oh, you have a batman tattoo, please tell me what you know about him. Other than the fact his name is Bruce Wayne.
Pearl for shits'n'giggles, morrigan for a trade, and Lana for another trade
And with doing that I'll be able to start these next 3 drawings
Dear god I'm gonna have to log off all social media cause gags birthday
@ToddNauck is a great inspiration to me
Can't wait for Godzilla 2
@_patrickstarrr_ I died when you said ask you mom
Do people still shuffle?
Excited @KICKSAGAT 
@Antcriedwolf oh I know I'm just saying I'm neither of those guys lol
@Antcriedwolf I'm a who sings those songs person

....it's a good eyebrow day.... 
Thank you @KICKSAGAT 
I love buying new underwear even though I'm the only person that really sees me in it
Lilac nights @MichelinePitt @caseycurry #michelinepitt #curryland 
I swear some people's art/drawing looks like whey just printed a picture in black and white then went over it with harsh lines and color
Well shit would it be better if it was said you look like a white person.
You're saying a black person looks like another black person? Racist.
Others may see you as a force to be reckoned with, even if you... More for Taurus 
Damn black people throwing the racist card around like they're trying to promote a business or something
Looking for musical inspo to draw @pearliaison
"@3amfeels: the difference between lust and love 
Can't wait for Folsom again
"@BrookeVercetti: she was so much more prettier a year ago... 
@DeijaLeighan_ @katvzc @TheTumblrPosts <FACE THROWING A KISS>
People are so tiring
@DeijaLeighan_ @katvzc @TheTumblrPosts take care now
@DeijaLeighan_ @katvzc @TheTumblrPosts not a big enough one to stay an argument over
Small minded ass bitch
@DeijaLeighan_ @katvzc @TheTumblrPosts queers?
@Samm_monster yeah I like it
I'm thinking of just starting Morrigan
I don't like her face though

Its 2015, why the fuck are you gonna act like you don't have spell check.
"@qroovy: Wtf am  I gunna wear tommroe ?" Literacy maybe?
This is the end
Losing myself 
@janthonyperezz nothing lol
Do you like grimes? — love her, I lose myself to my sister says the saddest things 
@janthonyperezz us that my birthday present?
How does it go from a tatoo design to you trying to come over? No. Bye.
@B_xndr huh?
@B_xndr you keep doing this
I miss my old cat now
@Antcriedwolf I would cry giving those up
@B_xndr my last tweet(s)
@Antcriedwolf Omg those eyes
If you can find someone else to do it, why are you still talking to me?
You can repeat that you'll pay me all you want but I won't do it.
Of course I'll draw up a tattoo design for you, but will I straight copy another artists work or knock it off? No.
@B_xndr same 
I wlnder what @B_xndr is doing that he didn't invite me to
Thank god the @pearliaison shirts are back
And since I missed the @MAXcollective shirts, I'm just gonna have to make one
I want a shirt to represent my favorite queens buy I'm just gonna get a doge shirt for @katya_zamo
Well I'm just bringing back my fanny pack
I saw @trixiemattel wearing a doge sweater and a fanny pack so I bought a doge sweater and a fanny pack.
A rose by any other name would smell like doo doo
@B_xndr so two wrongs make a right!?
You are wise to initiate action sooner rather than later today... More for Taurus 
Going through my drawings deciding which one I want on me
I'm actually heartbroken that @B_xndr  got macarons without me
@_patrickstarrr_ I need your advice on some stuff
I think what I need right now is a new tattoo
@dannakills they just go from one bologna slice to four stacked up 
They go from that to average sized lips
@VioletChachki @MissFameNYC she does that though?
@ayymiPAPITO I've never seen your lips
Why do Iggy and Britney have to fuck up my birth/drinking week like that
Stop trying to plump up your bologna slice lips
Clever ideas rush into your awareness today, but there's no wa... More for Taurus 
You can make him work out and bulk up for the movie but can you change that voice?
People are talking bad about Ben Affleck as batman but aren't talking about Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor? Really?
@AlfredStCloud me
I'm realizing my brother is becoming his father.
Got some decisions to make tomorrow
Has no one seen hard candy?
At least dress her matching 
I doubt she's dressing herself
So how is it that you can go around wearing express/american eagle or any other tacky ass brand but your daughters rolling around in walmart
Instead of running your mouth why don't you go buy your daughter some matching clothes.
Weak sensetive asses wanna call me mean, I'm gonna be mean.
People want to act like I'm the villain and asshole in situations.
Who the fuck still uses the word loser.
Why do people make announcements that there "taking a break from social media" 
Who the fuck cares, days still go on without your selfies.
I don't follow you but you're still on my feed screaming thirst.
I don't want to be one of those gays that you see on everyone's comments.
When you see someone cute on Instagram but can't comment on it because you have an aesthetic to maintain.
@KICKSAGAT is the pre order over?
Even if you want your life to settle down, something could hap... More for Taurus 
@_GabrielAndrew_ GOOD
Chaos is when these are unorganized 
People still take pictures flipping off the mirror/camera?
Its destiny.
I do not fee anxiety, I won't be alone for long.
Photoset: I love you.  
Photoset: komet-h: One of the saddest moments of all 7 seasons … 
Photoset: My cold heart has shattered 
Photo:  
Me 
@ayymiPAPITO I wish I could say the same
You may get off to a slow start today, making it tough to moti... More for Taurus 
Photoset: maxmanaphy: Pics from Max’s tumblr we don’t talk about nearly as much as we should… 
Video: queenshannel: i don’t even have words for how much i love this tbh 
@ayymiPAPITO Omg stop
@ayymiPAPITO what're you feeling blue about?
@ayymiPAPITO meaning
Feeling very blue today

Not taking risks, there's none to take
Its time to put up walls again.
Its a cold and its a broken hallelujah.
Its not a cry you can hear at night, its not somebody whose seen the light.
I tried to break out of it but couldn't get use to the cold.
By morning I will have drowned in my tar pit of fears and tears that will dry into the hardened shell that once offered a warm safety.
Sex songs for me 
Touch - Wolfsheim
Two Weeks - FKA Twiggs
History of Touches - Björk
If and when I ever get married, I want to wear a blackened purple suit and I want the first dance to be to bound to you.
Whatever
Franchise
"@netflix: #CatchingFire on Netflix. 

@JinkxMonsoon annoys the fuck outta me
All I ever learned from love was how to shoot at someone who outdrew you.
Love is not a victory march. Its a cold and its a broken hallelujah.
Mom: will you wait! 
Me: I DID MY WAITING 
Mom: oh god 
Me: TWELVE YEARS OF IT 
Mom: not again…
Mood: Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen
I fucking love you @katya_zamo

"Did your cousin Beth ever find her cat?"
"@calebexx: YASS GAGA IN NOLA 
@TylerJustyn never invites me over anymore
@ToddNauck thank you!
@ToddNauck I know you mostly use copic markers, but how do you feel about prismacolor markers? I mostly use pencil, but wanna try markers.
@ToddNauck @bradley0parker amazing
Their friendship is complicated though
I want a friendship like peter pan and tink
@paulinesources same or another redbull
@Davidx787 don't use cold water
This boys looking a little famished and malnourished, can someone feed him some attention.
"@SagatFrancois: Brian Mills for @TitanMen  #CharlieLeMindu 
*side eyes batman*
Robin just said he has the tightest ass Omg any Titan. Hmmmmm.
If I'm a one trick pony, then that makes you a no trick pony.
@un_evenstephen do it
TAKEN 2
TAK3N
T4KEN
TAKEN 5 THE TAKENING
TAKEN 6 A VERY TAKEN CHRISTMAS
TAKEN 7 TAKEN, EGG &amp; CHEESE
TYLER PERRY'S MADE…
"@RtBecuz: the way he looks at her is the cutest thing ever <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> 
You can't escape the pressure to change now, yet you grow stro... More for Taurus 
What it looks like when you get dressed for no reason 
Can you cut your fucking hair though?
@TheLilKimNews lmao but who's getting more
Fav For Queen Lil Kim 

It'll make sense later.  

#LOL #420NO #NOBAMA
Butch queen will be my new aesthetic
Looks like I'm drawing Lana again. Well I will be once I get this trade worked out
I need to make another sephora run, but I feel like I'm forgetting something else I need.
Barely realizing how much I need ABH Bambi, Retro Coral, and Baby Pink.
@moni3323 then I guess you don't want to see me <CONFOUNDED FACE>
@moni3323 then use it
*considers a Prince Albert*
@MannyMua733 if I hardly post any will that get a follow?
"@SweeTARTSCandy: The flavor never stops. #GetRopedIn 
When you talk bad about Hollister but it looks like your family buys that shit in bulk
Don't hurt your back trying to push that ass out


*opens IG and sees beyond wonderland posts* 
You may be more excited about the prospects for the day than y... More for Taurus 
I fucking love @katya_zamo
There's so much thirst on IG tonight
@lord_lucci I had to
You're lucky your fave is rihanna
@fukkmerihanna @Adolfoo_Bee bye if that shit matters to you
When @lord_lucci shaves 
Why is it so hard to find a decent relationship worthy gay.
@Antcriedwolf envious
Wonderful, scarred tissue
@occmakeup Omg I NEED
They asked for meta knight and galacta knight last time they asked. 
But their favorite characters for anything always change.
I feel bad cause they always ask
I want to do an art giveaway but instead I'll just ask my brothers want me to draw for them.
@dayday562 doing the same eating peeps
@_lukasm93 how important are these grades
@katya_zamo for the win though
I apologize if I don't grasp the severity of how important these raves are but they all seem the same to me.
@_lukasm93 how often do you go to these shindigs though?
@_lukasm93 a what? Im sorry I'm not aware of all these hip acronyms
Scotch is a Beelzebub.
@Antcriedwolf not true
@ChillCris peppermint and scotch
@_lukasm93 and I'm the only one you should listen to lol 
What's more important and gonna benefit you in the long run?
"Employed" = retail or working in fast food
@_lukasm93 thats what I meant, you don't need to go to something that's always happening
@batman8763 do you have poison ivy?
@_lukasm93 better grades
@_patrickstarrr_ transform me
@mikowankenobi well I know there are haha but none that I follow haha
I'm guessing there aren't any gays in El Paso
@Adolfoo_Bee I know what you mean haha
@Adolfoo_Bee oh I thought you meant drama in general
Why am I liking these uggs
@iMakeDiamonds @NataliaKills cool
@Adolfoo_Bee *checks to see if you still follow me*
LATE
@iMakeDiamonds @NataliaKills thus is old and she already apologized
He just read Fred and Daphne then threw a little shade
All year round actually
Black goes a long way
@nevahaes_ I only have 4 floral shirts though
Ugh what are pastels
@nevahaes_ for gardening
@AlfredStCloud keep trying then
@AlfredStCloud oh...
@AlfredStCloud I think k you have to wait a but for it to show up
Well its time to being out the florals I guess
You want some egg with your oil?
Didn't have my usual 16-20oz regular so I had to settle. 
@calvincharming that's my sister only at night
Motives are muddied by passion today, so don't assume that you... More for Taurus 
I need to practice with my water coloring
@GiohSouto @IAmYOJANCE exactly
@B_xndr shush shush
@B_xndr only gonna find it one night at a time though
*Talks about wanting a relationship, but posts pictures with an emoji over your junk* 
"Blah blah blah edm" 
Me: 
@B_xndr cause you haven't shot out an invite
When you think a guys cute and he says yas 
Eating a box of peeps thinking about my summer body
"@CGBPosts: <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
@IAmYOJANCE go on, shake it in the direction you came from
Where the fuck did you come from?
@IAmYOJANCE so what you're saying is she's out of this world? Yes, yes she is.
I need to try drawing her again
Rihanna is a goddess
It sounds like fun
I still want to try fighting
Bitter Betty.
@rvdeboy24 because I enjoy voicing my opinion then don't care for the matter once I'm done talking about it
I'm just saying mine won't easily come up on Google search
I'm not saying I won't get one in that spot but I won't get one cause it was on tumblr
Forearm tattoos are the attention grabbing spot.
And the expiration date on relationships is somewhere around the 7th month
Happy 3 month anniv- NO
Happy 4 month anniv- NO 
Happy 5 month anniv- NO 
Happy 6 month anniv- NO
Says nothing about something that started under 5 months ago.
Anniversary
[an-uh-vur-suh-ree] 
noun, plural anniversaries.
1. The yearly recurrence of the date of a past event.
If your relationship has gone on for whatever months under an actual year. It doesn't call for an anniversary.
I dislike movies that have death but don't show blood
Red 2 is easily one of my favorite movies
You can amaze yourself in a blink of an eye today by rememberi... More for Taurus 
#Horoscopes #Astrology #Sunsign
@nevahaes_ I don't drink soda much either but when I do its gotta be sprite
@nevahaes_ ugh I love big red but whenever I see it I always try to look for big blue
@nevahaes_ its all the same to me lol just bad
@nevahaes_ that's me haha
My redbull will find its way into a Starbucks cup somehow
@nevahaes_ it's two things mostly mixed with vodka in one haha 
Right? And it always tastes so bitter
I love energy drinks
But today I though I'd try the vitamin water energy.
@nevahaes_ cranberry is the only one I liked cause I imagine it goes great with vodka, 
But the wildcherry is a total zero flavor
I love redbull. If I can get it, I'll settle for noz.
@nevahaes_ I know there's, cranberry, lime, and blueberry. 
Then I think there's wild cherry, orange, and tropical.
@nevahaes_ aren't they sugar free though?
Just reading that too much caffeine can cause sleeplessness. 
I can't sleep for shit at night but love my 20oz redbull.
Envy and hate are never good to have apart and worse together
Hate is one of the ugliest forms of negativity. I don't hate.
I know I put out negativity but fuck.
Have you ever considered being just a decent human being?
A boy that looks like @IanLevineXXX is goals
When I say I'm off the market. I don't mean I'm taken, I mean I'm not sold in stores.
I'm sorry but what the fuck did I just look at
@mushroomroses so if you ever really want something let me know
@mushroomroses I do commissions
