The people who smile, laugh and joke around the most are usually the unhappiest.
Falling in love costs you 2 friends, according to Oxford University.
Tickling brings people closer in relationships.
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
Psychology fact: The only thing standing between you and your dreams is a lot of hard work.
Psychology claims, that mood where everything irritates you indicates that you're actually missing someone.
The brain releases so much dopamine during orgasms that a brain scan resembles that of someone on heroin.
Missing someone causes insomnia like symptoms. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
The more you talk about that person to others, the more you fall in love with that person.
You never really know the true value of a moment, until it becomes a memory
Technomania is a psychological condition that best describes a person obsessed with technology: Computers, cell phone etc.
Psychology says that unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be even more painful once they come back.
Psychologists say, the people with the best advice have experienced a lot of issues in their own life.
Social psychologists have found that the more a city's radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes.
"Scopophobia" is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep.
Anger triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty, that's when the truth comes out.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but by their fear of failure and shyness.
Psychology says; People tend to value memories more than actual people. Sometimes you miss the memories, not the actual person.
"Eargasm'' is a term used to describe the chill you feel down your spine experienced when listening to good music.
Don ’t be shy, it can literally ruin many good oppourtunities! Just go do it!
Psychology says - staying quiet doesn’t mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
The term "happily ever after" was originally used as "happily until they died."
Positive thinking can actually help increase your lifespan, strengthen your immune system and lower rates of depression.
Chocolate contains the compound anandamide, which actually stimulates the human brain the same way as marijuana.
The human mind spends 70% of it's time replaying memories &amp; creating scenarios of perfect moments and situations.
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness, or the cause of your pain.
Respect people who find time in their schedule to see you. Love people who never look at their schedule when you need them.
People tend to be more creative when they're tired or drunk.
Life becomes easier when you can learn to accept an apology you never got.
Women have better peripheral vision than men.
Some old myths claim that when you're born, you're actually crying from your death in your past life.
If people could read minds, and two people were reading eachother's minds, wouldn't they just be reading their own minds?
60% of people fear that they care about a person way more than that person cares about them.
Cheaters think everyone cheats. Liars think everyone lies. Keep this in mind.
Subconsciously, people who attempt to force themselves to forget certain things suffer from Mnemophobia, the fear of painful memories.
When ignored by someone whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in the brain is similar to physical pain.
The people who are really in love get jealous over stupid things.
During the middle ages, talkative women were punished by being forced to wear metal cages on their heads.
Involuntary musical imagery describes a person who can't work or concentrate because a song is stuck in their head.
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
If you don’t love yourself, you’ll always be chasing people who don’t love you, either.
People who daydream often tend to be better at solving complex problems.
The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
Myspace is blue, Facebook is blue, Instagram is blue, Tumblr is blue, Twitter is blue. The color blue relieves stress.
The best friendships tend to be with the people in which you can openly be weird with.
Randomly experiencing sadness but not knowing why may indicate that you're actually missing someone or someone's missing you.
One study suggest that people who lose their virginity at the age of 19 go on to attain a higher level of education and a higher salary.
Cuddling literally puts a woman in a peaceful state of mind, reduces stress &amp; strengthens her heart.
Before sleeping, 90% of your mind begins to imagine stuff you'd like to happen.
Relying on others will never make you happy. Happiness is something only you are responsible for.
The lyrics in your favorite song express everything that you struggle to say or express to others.
Dont ask someone if theyre telling the truth. A liar will just keeping lying and an honest person will be offended.
86% of people use music to escape from their daily stress.
Philophobia is a psychological condition in which a person fears the idea of falling in love &amp; or becoming too attached.
Psychology says, when we’re constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Listening to music is one of the only activities that stimulates the entire human brain.
Generally speaking, you should always listen to people when they're angry because that's when the truth tends to come out.
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that's the one that is going to help you grow.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh more and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Psychology says - The key to accepting change is to let go of fear. You over think less once you've accepted that things change.
Generally, a woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested.
Female psychology: When she is happy, she can’t stop talking. When she is sad, she doesn't say a word.
Loneliness is processed in the same part of the brain as physical pain.
80% of women use silence to express pain. You know she's truly hurt when she chooses to ignore you.
Sometimes good people make bad decisions. It doesn’t mean they’re bad people, it means they’re human.
Before sleeping, 90% of your mind begins to imagine stuff you'd like to happen
92% of people fake their laugh when they don't understand what someone just said to them.
Going through a lot of stress during a long time can cause you to halt your brain and completely put it in non functioning mode.
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there's an 85% chance that someone is staring at you.
Psychologically, It makes people happier to spend money on others as opposed to themselves.
People who stay awake till late night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early and rise early for the day
Being called "Baby" has a positive effect on the female brain, causing instant emotional stress relief.
Alexithymia describes a person who has a difficult time expressing their feelings to others.
Psychology says, attempting to convince yourself that you don't care about someone is a clear indicator that you really do
Psychology says: When letting go is less painful than holding on, then its time to move on.
Girls who have more guys as friends than girls, go through less depression and anxiety
The less you reply to negative people, the more peaceful your life becomes.
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Day by day, nothing really changes. Yet when you look back, everything seems different.
In the moment in which you can't fall asleep at night, there's a strong possibility that someone misses you.
Unexpected text messages from people you care of can have a positive influence on your body and instantly improve your mood
People tend to be more emotionally open and confess things during late night conversations via text message.
Holding back your feelings out of fear of getting hurt only causes more pain in the end.
A psychology study suggests, when you're single, all you see are happy couples. And when you're committed, all you see are happy singles.
Every 10 years, you literally become a new person. Our desires, wants &amp; needs change every 10 years.
Psychologists state it takes a person about 15-17 months to get over a breakup with someone they were in love with.
Don’t confuse your path with your destination. Just because it’s stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine.
It's actually better to take exams on an empty stomach because hunger makes you better able to focus.
"Razbliuto" is a Russian word to describe that empty feeling you have for someone you once loved, but no longer love.
When you’re right, no one remembers. When you’re wrong, no one forgets.
Psychologically, the worst feeling is realizing someone slowly losing interest in you &amp; not being able to do anything about it.
Sometimes, people who are thousands of miles away can make you feel better than the ones right beside you.
The prettiest girls have an 'A' in their name.
88% of people start making up scenarios in their heads that most likely will never happen, right before falling asleep.
Mentally, we reevaluate our friendships every 7 yrs. Friendships that extend more than 7 yrs are more likely to last a lifetime.
A 4 second awkward-silence in conversation creates feelings of rejection in the brain.
Creative people tend to lie more often (and are more convincing) that people who are not as creative.
Over thinking increases activity in the region of the brain that is responsible for processing physical pain.
People who listen to more than one genre of music tend to be: smarter, more creative, open minded, honest
70% of people enjoy old songs because of the memories they've attached to them.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
Yawning doesn't always necessarily mean you're tired, it also means your body needs more oxygen.
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really mean anything to you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed forever.
Psychologically, washing your hands while you’re thinking through decisions helps you think more clearly, and be more focused.
Dysania is the state of finding it really difficult to get out of bed in the morning.
Psychological studies suggest that the best way to get someone's attention is to stop giving them yours.
Psychological Fact - We seem to ignore the ones who adore us &amp; pay more attention to those who ignore us.
Someone in which you know is more likely to appear in your dreams if that person falls asleep thinking or talking about you.
The same part of the brain that responds to fearful situations also responds to anxiety caused by math.
Singing helps reduce feelings of depression and anxiety, increases oxygen to your lungs and improves quality of sleep.
Most of the problems in your life are due to two reasons: you act without thinking, or think without acting.
People are generally more honest when physically tired. This is why people confess things during late night conversations.
Just because you forgive someone doesn't always mean you're inviting them back into your life. Forgiveness makes letting go easier.
The more you care, the more likely you are to over think.
Drinking white or green tea every day will minimize the environmental damage done to your skin, and minimize fine lines and wrinkles.
Your heartbeat pattern changes and mimics the music you listen to.
Sleeping beauty Syndrome is a sickness that causes people to sleep for up to 10 days at a time.
Emotional pain lasts for 10-20 minutes, anything longer is actually self inflicted by over thinking, making things worse.
Families who turn off the television during meals tend to be healthier.
Don’t be afraid of death, be afraid of an unlived life.
Psychological fact, being unable to get someone off your mind indicates that you are also on that person's mind as well.
Kissing helps to reduce negative energy and lower the amount of stress hormones in the body.
In order to keep your skin healthy and glowing, avoid stress. Stress causes various health problems and also affects your skin and looks.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
People change, feelings fade, things go wrong, memories remain but life goes on.
Once you fall in love, those feelings never leave. Though you may no longer " like " that person, you'll always care to some extent.
Psychology says, you never really lose friends, with time you just learn who your true ones are.
Don't worry about the hard times, because most of the beautiful things we have in life come from changes and mistakes.
Most of your dreams are reflective of your state of mind at that point in time. Your emotions can shape the dreams you have
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.
The person on your mind while you're unable to sleep is usually responsible for your happiness, pain or both.
Some people aren't actually anti social, they're just very selective when it comes to the people they associate with.
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to present to her.
If a person is looking into your eyes for more than 5 seconds without blinking he/she either wants to kill you or have sex with you.
Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
There's a big difference between ; who we love, who we settle for and who we're meant for.
The number of 'followers' you have does not make you better than anyone else. Hitler had millions, and Jesus had 12.
The tendency to be pessimistic and negative is a genetic trait similar to hair and eye color. Some people are just born to be pessimistic.
Not having enough sex can put you at risk of anxiety, paranoia and depression.
Psychology shows that people who dance often are likely to have higher self-esteem and a more positive outlook on life.
The best friendships tend to be those in which you can be openly weird and or sarcastic without that person taken offense.
Laughter increases the activity of antibodies by about 20%, helping to destroy viruses and tumor cells.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.
Trypophobia is the fear of asymmetrical holes.
Workers at various iPad factories operate in conditions so horrible, they are forced to sign anti-suicide pledges.
Psychology claims, if two past lovers can remain friends… they are still in love or never were.
Psychology says, when you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that individual becomes beautiful.
The most sexually arousing aroma for women is a mix of Good &amp; Plenty and cucumber.
People think that to be strong is to never feel pain. But in reality, the strongest people are the ones who feel it but get through it!
Don't use Google to search for information for school essays. Use 
If you spend one hour in a swimming pool, you will intake about 50 ounces of urine.
Brown eyes are actually blue underneath, and as a result you can actually get surgery to turn brown eyes blue
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that individual becomes beautiful.
No offense means I’m about to hurt your feelings, but let’s pretend I didn't.
There is only one person you spend your whole life with, and that is yourself. If you aren't ok with you, there is an issue
Loneliness is not a lack of company. Loneliness is a lack of purpose.
Psychology: There’s a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they're actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
Agliophobia best describes a person who fears both emotional &amp; or physical pain. This usually leads to the habit of over thinking.
Psychological Fact: The person you care about the most is usually the person who you'll allow to hurt you the most.
Placing an envelope in the fridge for an hour will unseal it. A good tip to know if you forgot to include something.
Did you know your body is actually designed to get 4 hours of sleep twice per day instead of 8 hours once?
Your brain burns 20% of your daily calorie intake, despite only being 2% of your body mass.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all key to a healthy brain.
The opposite of " deja vu " is ''jamais vu'' not being able to recognize a word, person, or place that you actually know.
It's possible to die from a broken heart; it's called Stress Cardiomyopathy.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles the right people will find their way into your life.
Finding love is all about timing. Psychology says that it's possible to find the right person but at the wrong time.
People who hide their feelings usually care the most.
Long periods of silence is often attributed to over thinking. The quietest people tend to have the loudest minds
A cat's brain is more similar to a human brain than it is to a dog's brain. Humans and cats have identical regions responsible for emotion.
Being openly weird and or awkward with someone is an indication of how comfortable you are with that individual.
Lip biting triggers a rush of chemicals to the brain which reduce anxiety and stress.
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by a feather.
Cheating is directly linked to lack of intelligence, insecurity, low self esteem and an overall sense of unhappiness with one's own life.
Psychological and emotional stress: - Dying to know something but afraid to find out.
Women's tears have been proven to biologically reduce sexual desire in men.
Singing has positive psychological effects. Singing releases endorphins, making you feel better almost instantly.
The downside of being shy is that people misjudge you as thinking you’re better than others just because you’re quiet.
Never go to sleep angry at someone. You never know when you may never see them again.
People usually don't notice the things you do for them until you stop doing those things
Athazagoraphobia: The fear of being forgotten and or ignored by someone whom you strongly care about.
Over 90% of people say "never mind" when they don't feel like repeating themselves.
The average person tells 4 lies a day, 1,460 a year, and a total of 88,000 by the age of 6. And the most common lie is "I'm fine".
Once you learn how to be happy, you won't tolerate being around people who make you feel like anything less
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in everyday life. Sadness increases the urge to sleep more.
Crying keeps you healthy by literally flushing away harmful bacteria and reducing stress.
The best friendships are those in which you can be openly weird or sarcastic without that person taking offense.
Your jaw is strong enough to break all of your teeth – But, the brain stops that from happening.
Psychology states that men tend to forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
According to a survey conducted in “The Art of Kissing”, 96% of women enjoy having their neck kissed the most.
People will never understand the decisions you make, unless they have experienced how hard it is to be in your place.
Psychology says, women are more likely to notice any and everything but tend to act as if they don't.
Women are more likely than men to blame their partner for failings in their relationship.
'K' is the worst, most annoying, most irritating, aggravating response ever.
People who swear a lot tend to have higher IQ's, less likely to experience depression &amp; are overall happier than those who don't.
'Made in China' stickers are made in Korea.
People who use sarcasm regularly have greater self control, this also includes the control of their emotions.
Students today spend more time on homework than ever in recorded history.
Psychology says, It takes a second to make a mistake, but a lifetime to try and forget it was your fault..
That awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth, but you're laughing so everyone thinks you're lying.
17 Of The Greatest Responses To An Ex Text Of All Time, LMFAO
Sleeping is the best natural cure to forget about problems, pain, stress, and everything for a while.
Crying is actually very healthy - Tears lubricate your eyes, remove irritants and reduce stress, making you feel better.
People who frequently complain on social media are more likely to become depressed and get addicted to such sites.
Relationship studies suggests the psychological pain of a break up is just as real as a physical injury.
Ironically, hearing someone call out your name when no one has actually called your name is a sign of a healthy mind.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
Wearing purple enhances creativity &amp; is associated with confidence, self independence and class.
Women with higher IQ's have a harder time finding a mate. Intelligent women would rather remain single than be with the wrong person.
The way you dress is linked to your mood. Dressing well stabilizes and improves quality of happiness, reducing depression risk.
Psychology says, you realize you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if its not with you.
While engaged in conversation with an old friend, you are more likely to realize how much your life has actually changed.
Travel. As much as you can. As far as you can. As long as you can. Life’s not meant to be lived in one place.
Your dreams reveal hidden truths about what you feel, who you are and the world around you.
Studies show that Wednesday is the best day of the week to go out on a first date.
Psychology says, If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders.
Your mind spends 80% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments.
Attempting to be friends with someone whom you feel romantically attracted to may often cause insomnia, depression &amp; low self worth.
When a person dies, they have 7 minutes of brain activity left. It's the mind playing back the persons memories in a dream sequence.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh more &amp; have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
If someone nods their head excessively during a conversation it means they've lost interest but don't want to be rude by telling you.
Women are biologically attracted to guys who are taller than them because height is associated with the ability to protect and defend.
Fake people talk about other people being fake. Real people worry about their business, and no one else's.
A study suggests that people who lose their virginity after the age of 19 will attain a higher level of education and make more money.
Pay no attention to what people say. Pay very close attention to what they do.
Infatuation is when you find somebody who is absolutely perfect. Love is when you realize that they aren't and it doesn't matter.
Overeating may cause brain aging while eating less turns on a molecule that helps the brain stay young.
People who laugh more are able to tolerate pain better, both physical and emotional.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
One Direction are the youngest band to ever perform at the Olympic Games
People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends
You can't lose what you've never had, you can't keep what's not yours &amp; you can't hold on to someone who refuses to stay.
The last person on your mind before you close your eyes at night is either the reason for your happiness or pain.
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong.
Psychology: What we wear affects how we feel and behave. Wearing bright colors makes you more generous and optimistic.
Playing video games can sharpen a person's decision making abilities by 25% as well as improve focus and boost creativity.
Psychology says, the less you worry about what people think, the less complicated life becomes.
The more you ignore your feelings, the more painful your emotions become.
Shy people tend have great observational skills, making it easier to recognize the core of a problem then solving it.
People whose names start with 'A' have the longest life expectancy.
Psychology Says - Be mindful of what you toss away, be careful of what you push away, and think hard before you walk away.
Bonding over good music can help strengthen the likelihood of marriage within a relationship.
Being optimistic and remaining hopeful can help you live longer, studies suggest.
People born in 1997-1999 have lived in three decades, two centuries, and two millenniums and they are not even 18 yet!
Listening to music is one of the few activities that uses the entirety of the human brain.
Going to sleep at the same time every night increases your chances of achieving a good night's sleep.
Some studies suggest that 70% of our stress , depression is often brought on by simply over-thinking too much.
Elephants can die of a broken heart if a mate dies. They refuse to eat and will lay down, shedding tears until they starve to death!
When you meet someone worth being with, you'll know. Generally, your heart will beat rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
Psychology says, thereÍs nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause thatÍs when you really have something to lose.
People who are sarcastic tend to be better problem solvers.
"No lemon, no melon." backwards is "No lemon, no melon".
Studies show that people who stay awake later at night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early.
A kick in the nuts is above 9000 del (units) of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3200 bones at a time.
People with long legs are generally healthier than people with short legs.
Never argue with stupid people. They will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience
Studies show that pretending not to miss someone actually causes your mind to miss them even more.
Your mind has the ability to detect and sense danger? if you feel as if somethingÍs wrong, donÍt ignore that feeling
Haters don't really hate you. In fact, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
When a person is in love, their brain ignores the person's flaws and makes it difficult for them to leave a person who causes them pain.
Being ignored causes women to lose interest. The person ignoring her becomes less attractive both physically and mentally.
90% of the time it's not the person you miss, it's the feelings and moments you had when you were with them.
Sometimes, the thing you most want, doesn't happen. And sometimes, the thing you never expect to happen, does.
In order to completely burn off one plain m&amp;m, you'd have to walk the distance of an entire football field.
A "good morning beautiful" text can drastically change a woman's attitude for an entire day.
Psychology says, depression is often the result of over thinking, our minds create problems that initially didn't exist.
Psychology fact : Don't make decisions when you're angry. Don't make promises when you're happy.
The human mind tends to get addicted to the things that take away the pain and relieve mental stress.
"Negaholics" are people who become addicted to self-doubt and negativity. They find the bad in most things and are hardly ever satisfied.
Over thinking literally causes the human mind to create negative scenarios &amp; replay painful memories.
If you aren't happy single, you won't be happy taken. Happiness comes from within, not from a relationship.
Try not to say anything negative about anyone for a week, month, or year. Watch what happens to your life.
Singing exercises your heart, lungs and releases endorphins, making you feel good.
Scientist say, our dreams can often warn us of things that have yet to happen.
Just because someone isn't exactly what you're looking for, doesn't mean they're not exactly who you need.
People who feel an urge to correct other people’s grammar are actually suffering from a form of OCD, Grammar Pedantry Syndrome.
Repeating a common word over and over until it loses all meaning and sounds weird is called semantic satiation.
“I’m sorry” is a statement. “I won’t do it again” is a promise. “How do I make it up to you?” is a responsibility.
If you're 16 &amp; older, there's a 60% chance that you've already met the person you'll one day marry.
Psychology: When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Scientists say posting photos of your food to Instagram before eating it makes it taste better.
The loneliest people are the kindest. The saddest people smile the brightest. The most damaged people are the wisest.
Men tend to fall in love faster than women and are more likely to take the lead during the initial stages of a relationship.
Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.
A homeless man held up and robbed a bank for $1, then sat down and waited for police to arrest him so he could receive healthcare in prison.
Psychology suggest that sometimes you love someone so much that not even the truth can change your mind.
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.
You're not afraid to fall in love, you're just afraid of falling for the wrong person.
Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
People who can naturally detect when someone is lying to them are called "Truth Wizards."
'You really love him/her, don't you?' It's a psychological question, no name was mentioned but still, someone came into your mind!
Studies show that people who overthink tend to create problems for themselves that weren’t there to begin with.
1 out of 5 adults urinate in public swimming pools, this is what causes the redness of the eyes, not chlorine
The people who smile the most are in fact most likely to be suffering from depression &amp; or some sort of emotional pain.
Marijuana doesn't actually kill brain cells; a new study says it may help regrow them.
At the age of 15, only 13% of teens have had sex -- By the age of 19, 70% of teens have engaged in sexual intercourse.
Psychology says, never give up on something you really want. Nothing is worse than regret.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesn't mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Friendships with people with awkward personalities tend to last longer. They're more reliable, trustworthy and loyal.
"Erotomania" is a type of delusion where the affected person believes another individual is in love with him or her.
Psychology says, men are mostly attracted to women who remind them of their mothers.
Psychology states that girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends.
You can't see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you can't see the truths in your life in a state of anger.
The more educated a woman is, the more likely she is to be a heavy drinker.
Depressed people are likely to get colds more often while happy and energetic individuals get sick less often.
The inventor of the chocolate chip cookie sold the idea to Nestlé Toll House in exchange for a lifetime supply of chocolate.
I really enjoy using @ManageFlitter. I've used it to get my Twitter account under control. 
Scientists have created a scientific version of marijuana called 'Dimethylheptylpyran'. When smoked, it'll keep you high for at least 3 day…
Pain alters our personality. Everyone has a story, there's a reason why they're the way they are.
Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you dont care, but because they don't.
Laughter is a panic response when someone tickles you. That's why it's harder to tickle yourself, as your body hardly senses any real danger
When thinking about life remember this: no amount of guilt can solve the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future
The man with the longest beard in the world (4.5 feet) tripped over it, broke his neck and died.
Sadness increases the urge to sleep more.
Our brains have a negativity bias and will remember negative memories more than good ones. This helps us to better protect ourselves.
Psychology shows that music increases your brain's organization.
Psychology says, pain doesn't always heal, you just learn to live with it
Psychology says, friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it's about who you have the best time with.
I don’t compete. You either want me in your life or you don’t.
Delete your browser cookies before you buy airline tickets. Ticket prices go up when you visit travel sites multiple times.
You will never achieve what you are capable of if you’re too attached to things you’re supposed to let go of.
Reading or seeing something you didn't want to know can actually trigger a heart sinking feeling within your body.
Forgive others. Not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace.
Women who consume atleast four cups of coffee daily are less likely to be upset or depressed.
The people who are meant to be in your life will always gravitate back towards you, no matter how far they wander!
Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in every day life.
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in everyday life. Sadness increases the urge to sleep more..
The desire to squeeze and hug cute things comes from the same place in your brain as aggression.
An idiot is someone with an IQ from 0-25, an imbecile is someone with an IQ from 26-50, and a moron is someone with an IQ between 51 and 70.
Positive events, such as graduating, getting married and a new job often lead to depression.
Psychology states that playing board games and reading helps to preserve your memory.
Due to increased brain activity, people with higher intelligence tend to have a harder time falling asleep at night.
Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life
Your gut feelings are usually accurate and correct. If you truly feel there's something, chances are there is.
Psychology says, appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you!
Sometimes good people make bad choices. It doesn't mean they are bad people, it means they’re human....
Cuddling literally kills depression, relieves anxiety, strengthens the immune system &amp; reduces risk of cancer in women.
Too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
When you miss someone, you're more likely to re-read old text messages from that person.
Falling in love is not a choice. To stay in love is.
It's impossible to remain angry at someone you truly love. Anger lasting for more than 3 days indicates that you're not in love.
It's impossible to live a positive life with a negative mind.
Women who have more male friends than female friends are less likely to experience anxiety and become depressed.
The "Pinky Promise" originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.
Yuor brian is so pfweroul, taht it can raed scntenees wtih mxied up wrods as lnog as the fsrit and lsat letetrs are in the rgiht palce.
Men actually tend to overestimate women's interest in them while women tend to underestimate men's interest.
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that person tends to become beautiful..
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Bad eyesight is linked to overall intelligence. Men &amp; women with bad eyesight tend to have a higher IQ.
Psychological studies suggest: When you can't stop thinking of someone, it's more likely because they're thinking about you as well.
When he was 12 years old, Justin shaved his entire head for a friend suffering from cancer. He did not want him to feel alone.
Psychology fact: Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
Psychology claims that if two past lovers can remain just friends, it's either they are still in love, or never were.
The more attracted you are to someone, the easier it is for them to make you laugh.
The 3 C's of life: choices, chances and changes. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.
Have you ever walked into a room &amp; forgot why you went there? What if that's God playing Sims and he just cancelled your action.
Sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Agliophobia best describes a person who fears both emotional and or physical pain. This usually leads to the habit of over thinking.
"Lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember a specific word. This causes you to obsess over it for an entire day.
You can survive without eating for weeks, but you will only live 11 days without sleeping.
70% of people pretend to be okay simply because they don't want to annoy others with their problems.
Some people are actually afraid of being too happy because they think something tragic is going to happen soon. This is known as Cherophobia
Sigmund Freud liked cocaine so much that he would give it to friends and family as a gift.
Phagomania is a psychological condition that causes a person to be obsessed with food &amp; or the excessive desire to eat.
Learning a foreign language or how to play an instrument can help slow the brain’s aging process.
While playing and listening to music, your brain receives enough mental exercise to reduce risk of mental disorders.
Psychology says, the longer you hide your feelings for someone, the harder you fall for that individual.
Women are more attracted to men who pay attention, someone who remembers details about them without having to be reminded.
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most.
What if life is a dream and death wakes us up?
Being ignored causes the same chemical reaction in the brain as experiencing a physical injury.
Psychology: People are more likely to assume you're arguing with them when you're actually just explaining why you're right.
Friendships with people with awkward personalities tend to last longer.
Atychiphobia describes a person who fears that they aren't good enough to be in a relationship with a specific person.
Psychology says, sometimes you miss the way it felt, you miss the memories but not the actual person.
every time you think your life is crap just imagine a tree that took 20 years to grow to end up being a Justin Bieber notebook
Ancient myths theorize that our dreams are just blurred memories of either a past life or a look into our future.
Marrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by over 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.
It’s better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
Sticks &amp; stones may break your bones ....but words leave psychological wounds that will never heal.
Psychological theory: The main use of an iPad is to show people that you can afford an iPad.
Attempting to solve math equations triggers the same region of the brain responsible for reacting to extremely fearful situations.
Psychologically, a simple "I miss you" from the right person can absolutely change everything.
If you don't do stupid things while you're young, you'll have nothing to smile about when you're old.
Psychologically, It hurts the most when the person who made you feel so special yesterday, makes you feel so unwanted today.
Best friends tend to have secret code names for people they dislike.
That moment when you randomly feel depressed for no apparent reason may indicate that you're actually missing someone.
Psychology: Constant disappointment causes a person to develop a lifetime of trust &amp; commitment issues.
When asked what his IQ was, Stephen Hawking said "I have no idea. People who boast about their IQ are losers".
Once you truly care for another individual, their mood can easily alter yours. Their happiness, pain and stress becomes yours.
You once held a world record when you were born for being the "Youngest Person on The Planet.
Being ignored by someone whose attention means the most to you triggers a reaction in the brain similar to physical pain.
Being angry &amp; bitter destroys you mentally, lowers your IQ &amp; can literally shorten your life.
There is a surgical implant being developed that can give you an orgasm at the touch of a button.
There’s a lesson hidden in everything. You just have to find it.
Psychology says, when everything reminds you of a certain individual, you are most likely in love.
73% of the time, the people who are always trying to cheer others up are unhappy themselves.
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
A real friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes the smile on your face.
Marrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by more than 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.
Psychologists have found that whenever you’re in a bad mood, you can feel better just by forcing yourself to smile.
A group of flamingos is called a “flamboyance.”
Vibrators were originally used to treat hysteria in women.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
Ironically, you can always tell when someone like's someone else but you can't tell if someone likes you or not.
Refrigerators work more efficiently if they’re full.
You will never really hate the person once they come into your dream. Dreaming about the person force you to like them.
The human brain isn't fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
Remember, the girls who say, "a lot of guys are after me", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.
Psychology says, forgiving is not forgetting. It's letting go of the hurt?
Women who prefer to have more male friends than female friends are happier, healthier and tend to live longer.
60% of people spend most nights remembering past conversations, imagining what they should have said instead!
Crying is good for your health. It flushes unhealthy bacteria out of your body, strengthening the immune system and relieving stress.
You are in love if your crush for someone stays with you longer than 4 month, a psychological study suggests.
A woman's kindness if often mistaken for flirting.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.
The person currently on your mind is either the reason for your pain or happiness.
Pediophobia is the fear of dolls.
Hugging and or holding hands with the person you love has been proven to reduce stress almost instantly.
People who are angry or upset tend to be more attentive and critical of their surroundings than those who are happy.
Never get too attached to someone unless they feel the same towards you. One sided expressions actually destroy you mentally.
Psychology says, relationships are always stronger when you are best friends first, a couple second.
The more we get to know someone, the more attractive they become. We even see them as more physically attractive.
A person who seems jealous or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.
If you think someone is staring at you, look at your watch. If they look at theirs, you know they've been staring.
Whenever you're feeling down, remember, you're the sperm that won
Memories can either make you smile, or literally break you down into tears.
Never Forget; -who your true friends are -who truly loves you -who you truly are
Psychology says, the fact that someone is silent doesn't always mean they have nothing to say.
Psychology says, " romantic love " tends to last for only a year. Anything longer than that becomes " attachment love. "
Marijuana has a much greater effect on the brains of teenage females than teenage males.
Having sex doesn't make you a slut, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
Sometimes the best way to love a friend who’s going through hard times, is to simply be there, and to give the gift of presence.
The best thing about being single is sleeping around. You can sleep all over that big lonely bed of yours. Left, right, middle, wherever.
Psychology says, the saddest people tend to also seem like the nicest.
The first person you think of in the morning or last person you think of in the night is either the cause of your happiness or your pain.
Most people aren't actually anti-social. They choose to be alone because they hate spending time with stupid people.
Eating toast 30 minutes before going to bed can help you sleep better.
Sometimes you never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory, that you wish you could experience again.
Psychology says - Your journey will be much lighter and easier if you don't carry your past with you.
Your mind is currently tired of wishing, hoping and waiting for something that most likely will never happen.
Women who don't get enough sleep tend to be easily aggravated and or annoyed by others, especially by other women.
A woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested.
There will always be a reason why you meet people. Either you need to change your life or you’re the one that will change theirs.
Psychology shows that a man is more likely to ask a woman out and spend money on her if she is wearing red.
Psychology says, we automatically develop better advice for other people than the advice we give ourselves.
Physical pain and emotional pain travel similar pathways in the brain.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesn’t mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Psychology says: The more loyal you are, the more disappointment you encounter and experience.
If they don't want to label your relationship, they don't want to be in a relationship with you.
Psychology says, people who refuse to depend on others have experienced the most disappointment earlier on in their lives.
Psychology says that most people decide whether or not they’re attracted to someone else within the first 3 seconds of meeting them.
A study found that the act of over thinking increases the risk of depression, mostly in women
Music and sleep, two great ways to escape from everything.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Breathe deeply. Do your best. Leave everything else to the powers above you.
Psychology says, forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different.
Singing during your morning shower can actually help boost immunity and improve your mood, helping you have a better day.
A study of 16,000 women found that females with more curves are smarter than those who weigh less.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't Photoshop be illegal for models?
Science has shown that chocolate and shopping are more addictive than LSD and steroids
When someone tickles you, the laugher is a panic response -- You can't tickle yourself, because your body doesn't sense any real danger..
Women have smaller brains than men, however, women also use their brains more efficiently than men.
Psychologists have found that sending and receiving text messages can actually boost your mood when you’re feeling lonely.
Spending a great amount of time with someone can literally cause you to pick up their habits.
Telephonobia is the fear of making or receiving phone calls.
Sometimes, people who don’t socialize much aren’t actually anti-social… they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
It’s actually a lot easier to be angry at someone than it is to tell them you’re hurt by something they've done or said to you.
The average human will spend one-third of their life sleeping.
Retweeting a tweet because you're secretly sending someone a message.
Three solutions to every problem: Accept it, change it or leave it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, leave it.
The human brain isn't fully functional for learning until after 10 a.m. Science proves that schools begin way too early!
Over thinking stimulates the brain, making harder to fall asleep at night.
Psychologically, fake smiling causes real happiness.
Pain has the ability to change the way a person looks at and deals with their everyday life.
Sometimes, the only reason why you won't let go of what's making you sad is because it was the only thing that made you happy.
95% of the time, We forgive people because we still want them in our lives.
Over thinking creates problems that wasn't even there in the first place.
Falling in love triggers a psychological reaction in the mind similar to a stalker.
Psychology fact: You will never look like the girl in the magazine. The girl in the magazine doesn't even look like the girl in the magazine
There's a direct link between sarcasm, honesty &amp; friendship. Sarcastic people tend to be more honest, loyal &amp; upfront with their friends!
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point - When blindfolded, humans will gradually walk in a circle.
Your personality is who you are. Your attitude is usually based on how a person treats you.
The human brain isn’t fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
Sarcasm enables the human brain to remain healthy and efficient in terms of problem solving &amp; emotional strength.
Sleeping without a bra improves quality of sleep by over 95% and is an effective way of treating insomnia.
The panic you feel when someone is tickling you is called "gargalesthesia."
Psychology says, If you still talk about it, you still care. If it still hurts, you still care.
Over thinking is psychologically harmful because the mind replays negative experiences in an endless loop which causes emotional stress.
People feel more connected to you not from how much they know about you but instead from how much they think you know about them.
Porphyrophobia is the fear of the color purple.
Women are 40% more likely than men to develop a mental illness.
Wearing high heels can increase the risk of arthritis.
More often the people in which you meet by accident tend to be the ones who become an important &amp; major part of your life.
When a bee mates with a queen, its ejaculation is so powerful that it can be heard by the human ear.
Suppressing and ignoring your emotions only makes things worse. It’s healthier to be more open and honest with what you’re feeling.
The people who smile, laugh and joke around the most are usually the unhappiest.
Chewing gum can help speed up your metabolism, making it easier to burn calories and lose weight.
Remove negative people from your life. The people you spend time with influence your attitude, thoughts and success more than you think
Psychologically, that "what if" feeling can literally be painful &amp; cause you to over think.
Psychology claims, that mood where everything irritates you indicates that you're actually missing someone.
Falling in love costs you 2 friends, according to Oxford University.
Psychology fact: The only thing standing between you and your dreams is a lot of hard work.
Tickling brings people closer in relationships.
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
The brain releases so much dopamine during orgasms that a brain scan resembles that of someone on heroin.
The more you talk about that person to others, the more you fall in love with that person.
It's not the song that makes you emotional, it's the people and things that come to your mind when you hear it.
Cuddling strengthens the frontal lobe of the human brain, the region of the brain responsible for how you react to emotional stress.
Your dreams are mirrors. They reflect your inner most feelings about the world and the people around you.
When you see someone you’re interested in, what feels like butterflies in your stomach is actually a stress response caused by adrenaline.
You gain a lot of information about a man by the way he treats his mother, and by the way he carries himself in her presence.
Psychology says, unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be more painful once they come back.
The petition to deport Justin Bieber is the second most signed petition sent to the White House.
Psychology says that unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be even more painful once they come back.
Missing someone causes insomnia like symptoms. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail. It has nothing new to say.
Technomania is a psychological condition that best describes a person obsessed with technology: Computers, cell phone etc.
Your mind has the ability to detect and sense apparent danger. If you feel as if something's wrong, don't ignore that feeling.
There's a 95% that you are no longer friends with someone in which you once claimed as your " best friend. "
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness or the cause of your pain.
A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex.
Whatever you believe about yourself on the inside is what you will manifest on the outside.
You never really know the true value of a moment, until it becomes a memory
Social psychologists have found that the more a city's radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes.
Psychologists say, the people with the best advice have experienced a lot of issues in their own life.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but by their fear of failure and shyness.
"Scopophobia" is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others.
Life's not about the people who act true to your face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
The unhappiest people in this world are the people who care the most about what everyone else thinks.
Psychologists state it takes the brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.
Psychological Fact - It takes one minute to make someone's day, and one word to destroy someone's life.
Admitting you made a mistake will earn you respect and speed up the fixing process. Having an ego solves nothing.
A new study suggests that a small electrical current applied to the brain can boost your math performance for up to 6 months.
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
70% of women ask questions in which they already know the answer to. This is why it's best to simply tell her the truth.
Over thinking causes the human mind to create negative scenarios and or replay painful memories.
When a person misses or thinks about you, that individual is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Things always get worse before they get better. You have to just keep going.
Psychology says, sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Over thinking causes your brain to overheat.
Psychology says that intelligent people take less time off of work and school.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Every night you experience an endless battle with your thoughts and sleep, making it difficult to get rest.
The human brain isnÍt fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
Psychology says, when you delete the unnecessary people from your life, good things will start happening for you &amp; it won’t be a coincidence
According to American Psychology Association, there is a gene which turns people gay and lesbian and it's not a matter of choice.
The kindest people are usually the most mistreated.
You say "I'm fine" when you're not, "it's nothing" when it's everything, "I'm done" when you know you still wanna try.
People who walk at a quicker pace are generally seen as more confident and happier than those who walk at a slower pace.
Due to the angle at which the optic nerve enters the brain, staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms.
A "dinomaniac" is someone with the compulsive urge to dance – That term can also be used to describe someone who is obsessed with dinosaurs.
Over 70% of the most successful businesses in history were started by High school and College dropouts.
Psychology says, after being disappointed so many times, you begin to lose hope in everything.
It becomes painful to see someone lose interest in you, knowing that there’s nothing you can do to change it.
People often pretend to be happy simply because smiling tends to be easier than explaining to others why they're upset.
Japanese researchers have successfully developed a device that will be able to literally playback your dreams in video sequence.
The Titanic II is currently being built and will set sail in 2016.
People say "never give up" but sometimes giving up is the best option because you realize you're wasting your time.
Keep a piece of paper and pencil by your bed. Everyone always gets their best ideas at night!
There’s a brief moment when you first wake up where you have no memories, a blissful blank slate, a happy emptiness.
Tip: If you chew gum when you study a subject and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test it can help you remember.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but instead by their shyness and fear of failure.
Always go car shopping in the rain. No one wants to negotiate in the rain. The process will be quickened and most likely end in your favor.
Dancing often increases happiness.
Not arguing at all in a relationship represents a lack of interest. People who care about one another tend to argue now and again.
Psychology says, sometimes jealousy is your mind's way of showing you how much you care about someone.
You'll actually feel loneliness in the same part of the brain as where you feel physical pain.
Having a sarcastic personality enhances attractiveness because sarcasm is heavily associated with higher intelligence.
People who are stuck in traffic jams for more than an hour are 3 times more likely to suffer a heart attack than others.
Psychology says, It's a lot easier to admit being mad than it is to admit being hurt.
When cats bring back dead birds or mice to their owners, that is their way of teaching a human how to hunt or helping their human.
Generally, a single text from the right person can instantly relieve stress and improve your mood.
Be happy with what you have, while working for what you want.
Germany has paid $61.8 Billion to Jewish victims, to this day the U.S. has not paid $1 to African Americans for 400 years of brutal slavery.
Admit it, at this very moment...you're waiting for something that may never happen.
Psychology says: If you still talk about it.. you still care. You can pretend not to.. but your thoughts tell a different story.
Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
You can always see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
Some people aren’t antisocial, they’re just very selective when it comes to who they associate with.
Pretending you don’t have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
Your mind spends about 70% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments.
Not everything will go as you expect in your life. This is why you need to drop expectations, and go with the flow of life.
People with creative minds tend to have a harder time falling asleep at night, they prefer to stay up later.
Psychology shows that teenagers who spend much of their time listening to music are 8.3 times more likely to be depressed.
Psychologists say: The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
People kiss at weddings because kisses were used in ancient times to seal contracts.
Before going to bed, 93% people count that how many hours of sleep they're going to get.
Studies show that the Internet is making us lonely, depressed and possibly crazy.
Lonely people take longer, hotter showers or baths to replace the warmth they're lacking socially or emotionally.
Psychology - There’s a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
Every 10 years, you literally become a new person. Our desires, wants and needs change every 10 years.
Couples who spend at least 10 minutes a day laughing together are more likely to have a stronger relationship.
During pregnancy if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ.
The first thing on your mind as soon as you wake up either brings you happiness or pain &amp; sometimes both.
A great relationship is about 2 things: First, appreciating the similarities. Second, respecting the differences.
Psychologically, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get too close.
Some researchers say romantic love lasts for one year and after that, it’s more of an “attachment love.”
People who are sad are likely to spend more money than those who are happy.
Missing someone &amp; not being able to do anything about it generally makes people moody, easily annoyed &amp; or emotionally frustrated.
The hardest part about growing is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you’re not.
The ones who get upset at each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Playing video games has been proven to relieve tension, depression &amp; psychological pain caused by emotional trauma.
People in relationships dream about their significant other about 20% of the time.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
People only bring up your past when they are intimidated by your present.
Accidentally text the wrong person? Immediately put your phone on airplane mode and once it fails to deliver, delete the message
Cows moo in accents specific to their region, just like humans.
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Cuddling a baby, reading out-loud, cheating in school and getting a business degree are all good for an efficient mind.
Don't lead someone on. If you like someone, then tell them. If you just want to be friends, then don't make them think they have a chance.
According to a Oxford study, falling in love costs you two friends.
Worrying = Waste Of Time. Good and bad things will happen in life. You just have to keep living and not stress over what you can't control
Your anxiety doesn’t come from thinking about the future, it comes from trying to control it.
"Confabulation" is a phenomenon in which our brain convinces us to believe we've experienced something that's never happened.
Psychology states that happiness is a skill that everyone can learn.
Psychological studies suggest that pretending not to miss someone tricks the mind into missing that person even more.
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened.
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she no longer cares.
While in love, people typically become jealous, anger easily over small things, curious &amp; often worry about losing that individual.
More people are injured while having sex on couches than having sex anywhere else.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Homosexual behavior has been found in over 1,500 species. Homophobia is found in only one.
Positive thinking isn't expecting the best to happen every time. It's about accepting that whatever happens is the best for that moment
Psychologically, it is possible to still love someone even though you're not in love with them anymore.
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the one person you want the most...
Dating an awkward person is considered to be less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Psychology says, words don't have power to hurt you, unless that person means a lot to you.
When feeling depressed, do some cleaning. Straightening out the physical aspects of your life can also bring clarity to the mental ones.
An eccedentesiast is a person who hides their pain behind a smile.
The person who makes you the happiest is capable of causing you the most pain.
Just because one door closes, it doesn't mean you should go running through the next available door that opens. Stay calm. Be patient.
Psychology says, if you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
Marijuana, listening to music and eating chocolate are all ways in which help slow down the growth of cancer.
Psychology claims, the best things in life are usually found when you're not looking for them.
When you're happy, you enjoy the music. But, when you're sad, you understand the lyrics.
Would the five year old version of yourself look up to who you are now? Think about it.
Generally, strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.
Listening to music for an hour every day can reduce chronic pain by up to 21% and depression by up to 25%
Eating chocolate can also reduce the symptoms of stress.
Psychology: Distance doesn't necessarily ruin a relationship. You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love.
Grades don't always measure intelligence and age doesn't always define maturity
Always believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.
Ever had a dream where you're falling? This indicates that you have lost control of your life or have been abandoned.
When we meet somebody new, we only have 7 seconds to make a powerful first impression.
Loneliness causes people to take longer baths/showers, sleep longer and over think more.
People who get upset with each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Girls who have high trust with their Fathers, also have high trust with their Boyfriends.
Too much sitting makes you depressed.
Dark chocolate relieves depression.
Ironically, the human mind tends to forget the things it should remember &amp; remember the things it should forget.
85% of people use music to escape from daily emotional stress.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it.
Psychologically, the best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
According to some psychologists, you cannot find happiness until you stop searching for it.
Men find food more pleasurable than sex.
Psychologically, it is impossible to be just friends with someone you've fallen in love with, attempting to do so can drive you crazy.
Psychology says, making others happy can actually feel good, even when you aren't so happy yourself.
Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.
Anger triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty, that's when the truth comes out.
Life becomes easier when you can learn to accept an apology you never got.
Don't love what you can't trust. Don't hate what you can't have. Don't say what you can't show. Don't judge what you don't know.
Humans naturally have the urge to jump off of bridges, cliffs and other high places and this is totally normal.
Psychology says, there’s nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that’s when you really have something to lose.
Some people will pretend to care just so they can get a better seat to watch your struggle. Every helping hand isn't always there to help.
Couples who Kiss at least 3 times a day are less likely to suffer from depression and obesity.
Psychologists say a crush only lasts for 4 months - when feelings last longer, you are considered to be "in love......"
Psychology says that comparing yourself to others is the root cause for feelings of unhappiness and depression.
No relationship is ever a waste of your time. If it didn't bring you what you want, it taught you what you didn't want.
Men who have more trouble controlling laughter and also have more trouble controlling sexual arousal.
While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed.
44% of lottery winners spend their entire earnings within 5 years.
Sarcasm has been proven to improve the minds ability to better understand and register new information.
The blast of air you feel when walking into a store prevents insects from flying in.
Men were the first to wear high heels around the 1600s. Women began wearing them to look more masculine.
Pixar literally created a better love story in 8 minutes in the movie UP than Twilight did in 4 movies.
Psychology says, pain doesn't always heal, you just learn to live with it.
People who regularly play video games are faster at making real-life decisions.
Having someone ask you " are you okay?" actually causes you to tear up even more when you're trying not to cry.
If your dog gets out, dont chase it. Instead, lie on the ground and pretend youre hurt. It will come back to see if youre okay.
Psychology says that people who let their romance blossom for a lengthy period of time are more likely to have a longer relationship.
Psychology says, people are generally content with how they look, until someone starts saying something negative about it.
The best things in life are usually found when you’re not looking for them.
There are at least 6 people in the world who look exactly like you. There's a 9% chance that you'll meet one of them in your lifetime.
Looking at someone whom you know really cares about you can actually help relieve stress, anxiety and psychological pain.
Psychologically, pretending not to miss someone literally causes the human mind to think about that individual even more.
Missing someone makes it harder to fall asleep at night.
Psychology - Therees a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
80% of people keep their feelings to themselves because they believe it's hard for others to understand their pain. Expand
The word “whore” actually stems from an old English word for “desire.”
The person on your mind while you're unable to sleep is usually responsible for your happiness, pain or both.
Sometimes your best friend understands you better than you understand yourself.
Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
Psychology says that when people in love stare into each other's eyes, their heart beats can start syncing together.
Psychology says, you never really lose friends, with time you just learn who your true ones are.
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.
The number of 'followers' you have does not make you better than anyone else. Hitler had millions, and Jesus had 12.
There's a big difference between ; who we love, who we settle for and who we're meant for.
Some people aren't actually anti social, they're just very selective when it comes to the people they associate with.
Our brain has a Negativity bias causing you to continually look for bad news.
Psychology shows that people who dance often are likely to have higher self-esteem and a more positive outlook on life.
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to present to her.
It’s better for you to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
The most sexually arousing aroma for women is a mix of Good &amp; Plenty and cucumber.
No offense means I’m about to hurt your feelings, but let’s pretend I didn't.
People don’t change based on what they know, they change based on what they feel.
Don't use Google to search for information for school essays. Use 
Placing an envelope in the fridge for an hour will unseal it. A good tip to know if you forgot to include something.
Psychological Fact: Your mind "rewrites" the speech of boring people to make it sound more interesting.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Someone somewhere is meeting the love of their life right now and that’s pretty cool
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they're actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
Psychology says, when you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that individual becomes beautiful.
Negative attitudes and complaining are contagious. That's why its best to surround yourself with happiness.
Psychology says, the reason why we care about the approval from strangers online is b/c they have no social obligation to lie to us.
Not having enough sex can put you at risk of anxiety paranoia and depression.
Psychology says, pretending to be happy when you are in pain, is just an example of how strong you are as a person.
Listening to music while working helps to create a positive mood, and helps you to become more productive.
Psychology says pain never really goes away; you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
Eating chocolate while studying helps the brain retain new information easily &amp; is directly linked to high test scores.
Admit it, at this very moment... you're waiting for something that may never happen.
People are more likely to cry at night because the lack of sleep makes emotions hard to control.
Dreaming requires more brain activity than any function that occurs when you're awake.
Being madly in love alters perception and ability to make sensible decisions which is why people do " stupid " things for love.
Smarter people and people with high IQs are more likely to fall for tricks and scams. They tend to think they're immune to mistakes.
When you really love someone, age, distance, height and weight are just numbers
Psychology says, comparing yourself to others is the root cause for feelings of unhappiness, self blame &amp; depression.
Marijuana has caused 0 deaths to date, but the U.S. government has executed over 325 people for dealing/growing it.
Phobatrivaphobia is a fear of trivia about phobias.
A person who becomes angry easily, often over silly things - subconsciously desires to be loved.
Psychologically, after being disappointed so many times, you begin to lose hope in everything.
Psychologists say a crush only lasts for 4 months. But when feelings last longer, you are considered to be "In Love".
Women subconsciously use the act of cuddling as self expression. Cuddling = " I trust you, I feel safe."
Women are more attracted to a man when he is holding a guitar.
Psychology says, what hurts you today, makes you stronger tomorrow.
When you see a cat, slowly blink at it. If it blinks back, the cat is content with you.
A high GPA looks good on paper, but networking and building friendships is what gets you a job.
The anticipation of interacting with a woman slows down a man's thinking process temporarily.
The brain overlooks the flaws of a person you are in love with, making it harder to leave them after they’ve hurt you.
After 3 to 4 months of having a crush on someone, you either fall in love with that person or become interested in someone new.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she doesn't care anymore
Studies show that men like women who wear less makeup.
Psychology says, attempting to convince yourself that you don't care about someone is a clear indicator that you really do.
Anglomania describes a person who is turned on by and or is obsessed with the British accent.
Cutting people from your life does not mean you hate them, it simply means, you respect yourself.
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Pain alters our personality.
Creating a little distance helps people recognize how much you actually mean to them.
If the only thing you have to fear is fear itself, you could be suffering from phobophobia: the fear of phobias.
Physical touch makes you healthier. Studies show that massages, hugs, and hand-holding reduces stress and boosts the immune system.
Missing someone causes insomnia. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles the right people will find their way into your life.
There is only one person you spend your whole life with, and that is yourself. If you aren't ok with you, there is an issue
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all key to a healthy brain.
It's possible to die from a broken heart; it's called Stress Cardiomyopathy.
The downside of being shy is that people misjudge you as thinking you're better than others just because you're quiet.
Psychology says: Life doesn't change, but people do. Learn to accept that not everybody is who you thought you knew.
Psychological theory: Care too little, you might lose them. Care too much, you might get hurt.
Alcohol triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty which is why people are more honest when intoxicated.
Your brain burns 20% of your daily calorie intake, despite only being 2% of your body mass.
I don’t think people understand how stressful it is to explain what’s going on in your head when you don’t even understand it yourself.
Psychologically, trying to forget being hurt by someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
Singing while in the shower strengthens the immune system and reduces risk of heart disease.
A cat's brain is more similar to a human brain than it is to a dog's brain. Humans and cats have identical regions responsible for emotion.
Psychologically, one of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you did the best you could and it still wasn't good enough.
In order to completely burn off one plain m&amp;m, you'd have to walk the distance of an entire football field.
Your brain is programmed to make 3 things impossible to ignore: food, sex, and danger.
Psychology says, depression is often the result of over thinking, our minds create problems that initially didn't exist.
Psychologically, there’s nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that’s when you really have something to lose.
A study suggests that people who lose their virginity after the age of 19 will attain a higher level of education and make more money.
People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends
Sometimes, the thing you most want, doesn't happen. And sometimes, the thing you never expect to happen, does.
The more you ignore your feelings, the more painful your emotions become.
We never "lose" friends, we just learn who our real ones are.
A "good morning beautiful" text can drastically change a woman's attitude for an entire day.
Singing exercises your heart, lungs and releases endorphins, making you feel good.
The human mind tends to get addicted to the things that take away the pain and relieve mental stress.
"Negaholics" are people who become addicted to self-doubt and negativity. They find the bad in most things and are hardly ever satisfied.
Scientist say, our dreams can often warn us of things that have yet to happen.
Over thinking literally causes the human mind to create negative scenarios &amp; replay painful memories.
If you aren't happy single, you won't be happy taken. Happiness comes from within, not from a relationship.
Try not to say anything negative about anyone for a week, month, or year. Watch what happens to your life.
Apologizing does not always mean you are wrong. It just means that you value your relationships more than your ego.
Pretending you don't have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
People who sleeps late have more mental stamina and can outperform early risers.
People who care use words to express it, people who really care use actions.
Don’t let yourself be controlled by these three things: your past, people and money. Easiest way to achieve happiness.
Women who remain loyal/faithful while in a relationship, live longer than those who would rather cheat, studies suggest.
Psychology says, sometimes creating a little distance will help people recognize how much you actually mean to them.
The human mind spends most of it's time replaying memories over and over with the desire to relive them.
78% of the time, the people who are always trying to cheer others up are unhappy themselves.
Psychology says, never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Music helps to reduce anxiety, and also helps the human mind and body get through stressful times
Psychologically, one of the most painful goodbyes is when you know that the next time you meet, the hello won't be the same.
The worst thing about getting close to someone is the thought that at any point, they could lose interest in you.
Negaholics are people who become addicted to negativity and self-doubt. They find fault in most things and never seem to be satisfied.
Women who enjoy cuddling tend to make better girlfriends, wives as well as mothers.
Men are actually more emotionally affected by relationship troubles than women -- They just do a better job of hiding it.
Twitter is healthy for the brain. Reading a tweet triggers brain stimulation similar to reading an informative book.
When people say " you've changed " there's a 95% chance that you just stopped acting the way they wanted you to.
Everyone has experienced something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime.
When you smile, it releases endorphins (which make you feel better) even if you fake a smile.
Don't make decisions when you're angry. Don't make promises when you're happy.
Forgiveness has health benefits! Forgiving others can alleviate back pain, depression, headaches, and lower your blood pressure.
Psychology says, when we focus only on what we want, we lose sight of what we really need.
Studies suggest that people who appear to be constantly distracted have more “working memory” and “sharper brains.”
Life is so weird. You go from wanting to be an adult to wishing you were a kid again
Missing someone often causes insomnia. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
Cuddling - a great way to manage stress and reduce the harmful effects of anxiety on the female brain.
Ancient myths claim, when people you know appear in your dreams it's because that person desires to see you.
Listening to music for an hour each day can help reduce chronic pain by 21% and depression by up to 25%.
Women have smaller brains than men, but women also use their brains more efficiently than men.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're being fake. It means you're mature enough to tolerate that individual.
Psychologically, attempting to suppress negative emotional memories can destroy you and push you further into depression and psychosis.
You only need two close friends in which you can trust and dedicate yourself to. Having too many friends can lead to depression and stress.
Psychological Fact - The person you know whom secretly thinks of you before going to sleep is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Your ears line up with your nipples.
Over-thinking ruins you, ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry &amp; just makes everything much worse than it actually is.
Psychology says - Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that’s the one that is going to help you grow.
A man who tests positive on a pregnancy test could indicate he has testicular cancer.
The brain named itself.
90% of people will text things that they could never say in person.
Psychology says, it becomes difficult to accept the truth when the lies told to you were exactly what you wanted to hear.
When you eat your food slowly it causes better digestion, reduce stress, helps you lose weight, and enjoy your food!
Psychology states that feelings of guilt can weaken your immune system.
Psychology says, It takes a second to make a mistake, but a lifetime to try and forget it was your fault.
Your entire life consists of: Education for 12 years, College for 4 years, &amp; working until you die.
Insomnia is more common for those who have a high IQ. Intelligent people have a harder time switching off their brain.
I donÍt think people understand how stressful it is to explain whatÍs going on in your head when you donÍt even understand it yourself.
Fat burning foods: grapefruit, watermelon, berries, hot peppers, celery, greek yogurt, eggs, fish, green tea, coffee, water, oatmeal.
" No offense " literally means " I'm about to insult you but don't get mad. "
Caffeine is bad for you, fat is bad you, sugar is bad for you. But don't worry, because worrying is bad for you too.
Age has no direct link to life experience and maturity. You may be young but you've already been through a lot.
Thantophobia, the fear of losing someone you love.
When a woman is attracted to a man, she speaks in a higher pitch than normal.
Psychology says, even the good memories can hurt when you miss someone bad enough.
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive.
85% of people admit to being easily annoyed by the intense desire to talk to someone but refusing to text that person first.
An instant change in mood from happiness to sad indicates that you're missing someone.
It only takes one lie to completely change a person's perception of who you are.
Psychology: When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Just because someone isn't exactly what you're looking for, doesn't mean they're not exactly who you need.
Generally, you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
Psychology says, real love is someone who won't stay mad at you, who can't stand not talking to you &amp; who's afraid of losing you.
You only live once is literally a false statement. You live everyday, you only die once.
Our imaginations run wild when attempting to sleep. We experience our deepest thoughts when our bodies are at rest.
Psychologically, one of the most devastating things in life is when someone you care about gives up on you.
Men tend to fall in love faster than women and are more likely to take the lead during the initial stages of a relationship.
If you're 16 &amp; older, there's a 60% chance that you've already met the person you'll one day marry.
The loneliest people are the kindest. The saddest people smile the brightest. The most damaged people are the wisest.
Intelligent people are more creative during the night. They experience high levels of mental stimulation, which makes it hard to sleep.
Sometimes you can’t explain what you see in a person. It’s just the way they take you to a place where no one else can.
Psychology says, pain never really goes away; you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
Scientists have created a scientific version of marijuana called 'Dimethylheptylpyran'. When smoked, it'll keep you high for at least 3 day…
82% of the time, those people who always try to cheer others up are the unhappiest.
People automatically assume that you're mad at them when you're quiet. This is sometimes due to a guilty conscious.
Before you say something to someone, take a second and imagine how you'd feel if they said it to you.
Marry someone who is ambitious, happy, healthy and has a sense of humor, this will add 5 to 10 years to your life expectancy?
“I’m sorry” is a statement. “I won’t do it again” is a promise. “How do I make it up to you?” is a responsibility.
When a woman is called baby?, it has a positive effect on the female brain. This causes instant emotional stress relief!
Sadness increases the urge to sleep more.
1 out of 5 adults urinate in public swimming pools, this is what causes the redness of the eyes, not chlorine
Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.
Psychologically, damaged people are the strongest b/c they know they can survive anything. Pain strengthens the mind.
Pretending not to miss someone can trick your mind into missing them more.
Our brains have a negativity bias and will remember negative memories more than good ones. This helps us to better protect ourselves.
Psychology suggest that sometimes you love someone so much that not even the truth can change your mind.
When deprived of dreams, people will become irritable, disoriented and subject to hallucinations.
One of the best ways to measure people is to watch the way they behave when something free is offered.
Best friends are capable of having conversations that are sometimes impossible to understand by other people
Repeating a common word over and over until it loses all meaning and sounds weird is called semantic satiation.
According to a survey, emotional/mental pain is one of the biggest sleep distractions in the world.
People who feel an urge to correct other people’s grammar are actually suffering from a form of OCD, Grammar Pedantry Syndrome.
Laughter is a panic response when someone tickles you. That's why it's harder to tickle yourself, as your body hardly senses any real danger
Psychology says, when you truly care for someone, their mood can literally affect yours.
You can't see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you can't see the truths in your life in a state of anger.
Vibrators were originally used to treat hysteria in women.
Pain alters our personality. Everyone has a story, there's a reason why they're the way they are.
Psychology says that too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
When feeling depressed, do some cleaning. Straightening out the physical aspects of your life can also bring clarity to the mental ones.
Scientists say posting photos of your food to Instagram before eating it makes it taste better.
A homeless man held up and robbed a bank for $1, then sat down and waited for police to arrest him so he could receive healthcare in prison.
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.
You're not afraid to fall in love, you're just afraid of falling for the wrong person.
Ironically, you can always tell when someone like's someone else but you can't tell if someone likes you or not.
60% of people spend most nights remembering past conversations, imagining what they should have said instead!
Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you dont care, but because they don't.
Psychology states that girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends.
Delete your browser cookies before you buy airline tickets. Ticket prices go up when you visit travel sites multiple times.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
Sarcasm literally prevents brain damage and stabilizes the human mind.
Playing video games has been proven to relieve tension, depression &amp; psychological pain caused by emotional trauma.
Crying is good for your health. It flushes unhealthy bacteria out of your body, strengthening the immune system and relieving stress.
Wait 4-6 months before becoming to attached, it's generally in this time in which a person's true motives are revealed.
Your dreams can often be used to unlock subconscious feelings about the world and those around you.
"Psychology says, pretending to be happy when you are in pain, is just an example of how strong you are as a person."
Psychology says, If you aren't happy single, you won’t be happy taken. Happiness comes from within, not from people.
Bigorexia is a disorder in which a person becomes obsessed with working out because they aren't muscular enough.
(Psychology says) We must hurt in order to grow, fail in order to know, and lose in order to gain.
Dreams carry more weight and meaning than our conscious thoughts while awake. 70% of your dreams contain secret messages.
Lip biting triggers a rush of chemicals to the brain which reduces stress, anxiety and boost in mood..
Refrigerators work more efficiently if they’re full.
People who are considered extremely creative tend to sleep more &amp; are often misjudged as being lazy!
Bad handwriting? Keep this in mind: more intelligent people tend to think faster, and as a result their handwriting is more sloppy.
Ironically, the people who ignore you now will somehow need you later.
80% of people keep their feelings to themselves because they believe it’s hard for others to understand their pain.
Psychology claims that over thinking can cause the mind to experience "emotional hangovers" which leads to depression.
Psychology says, the best things in life are usually found when you are not looking for them.
You will never really hate the person once they come into your dream. Dreaming about the person force you to like them.
Psychological Fact: Some feelings never really go away, we just tend to avoid and ignore them.
According to psychological facts: The inability to fall asleep at night means you're awake in someone's dream.
A woman's kindness if often mistaken for flirting.
As you become close to someone, you can hear their voice in your head when you read their texts.
Psychology says, relationships are always stronger when you are best friends first, a couple second.
Most woman's breasts aren't identical - one is usually about a fifth of a cup bigger than the other.
"Derealization" is an actual condition where a person with anxiety feels like they're going crazy and the world seems unreal.
Don’t be afraid of change. Change happens for a reason. Roll with it. It won’t be easy, but it will be worth it.
Remember, the girls who say, "a lot of guys are after me", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.
Holding the hand of someone you love is proven to relieve stress and reduce pain.
Psychology says, people don't necessarily change, they just become who they were supposed to be which comes with growing up.
People who hide their feelings usually care the most
Girl love guys who can be a monster in bed with them like this.Check my Last retweet and try this before having sex.
The female mind's ability to identify verbal clues, voice tone &amp; body language, enables her to know when a person is lying.
The person currently on your mind is either the reason for your pain or happiness.
Psychological studies claim: Sadness improves your memory, strengthening the ability to recall past events.
The more we get to know someone, the more attractive they become. We even see them as more physically attractive.
People who feel an urge to correct other people’s grammar are suffering from a form of OCD, Grammar Pedantry Syndrome.
Touching or feeling money can help you overcome negative physical and emotional experiences.
You are in love if your crush for someone stays with you longer than 4 month, a psychological study suggests.
Generally, people assume you’re being rude when you’re actually being honest.
The human brain isn't fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
If you don't do wild things while you're young, You'll have nothing to smile about when you're old.
Dancing, singing and masturbating are all proven ways to fight depression.
The best portions of your life will be small and nameless moments with people who genuinely matter to you.
Don't use a song you like as an alarm to wake up. You'll end up hating it.
Psychologists believe you should forget about all the reasons why it wont work &amp; believe the one reason why it will.
People who speak two languages, may unconsciously change their personality when they switch languages.
Women generally care more within a relationship but are also more likely to walk away and stay away once reaching a breaking point.
"I love you" means that I accept you for the person that you are, and that I do not wish to change you into someone else.
Lazy people accomplish more. Their laziness actually enables them to find the easiest &amp; quickest ways to get things done.
People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark.
When two people share a common dislike of another person, it brings them closer. Most friendships begin this way.
The most common time to randomly wake up is around 3 to 5am, it is at this time that the one who loves you is thinking about you.
The worst type of person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
The moment you feel like you have to prove your worth to someone is the moment you need to walk away from them.
84% of people remain quiet even when they really want to say something in order to avoid an argument with someone they care about.
Psychological, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get to close.
Pediophobia is the fear of dolls.
Psychology states that cuddling triggers the same neurological reaction as taking painkillers.
The best person in your life is the one who comes first in your mind after reading this sentence
The purpose of dreaming is to help clean up the clutter from the mind and provide a temporary relief from a stressful life.
There's never a "right time" to wait for. So whenever you get the chance, take a risk.
Psychology says, love isn't when there are no fights in the relationship. Love is when once the fight ends, love is still there.
Angry? Take a deep breath before you speak, because your mouth acts quicker than your brain.
Knowledge is having information. Intelligence is the ability to use it in your advantage. Wisdom is being yourself in the process.
Sleeping is a cure to forget about pain, problems, stress and everything for a while.
Psychology says, there's nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that's when you really have something to lose.
A person who seems jealous or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.
Gamophobia is the fear or marriage, relationships or commitment.
Having sex doesn't make you a slut, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Music can help you maintain great mental sharpness, increasing your mind's awareness while reducing risk of mental disorders.
People who are angry with each other for the silly little things, are usually the ones who care about each other the most.
Laziness is just a natural part of being a teenager and doesn't reflect bad behavior.
The way you dress determines the way people react to you. Especially your shoes. Dress well.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.
Being a gentleman never goes out of style.
The smell of gasoline triggers the region of the brain associated with pleasure which is why so many people enjoy it.
You are more likely to confess true emotions during late night text conversations
Psychologically, one of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you did the best you could &amp; it still wasn't good enough.
Everyone talks about leaving a better planet for our kids. Let’s try to leave better kids for our planet.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesn’t mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they’re actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
The worst types of 'friends' are those who try and knock you down to make themselves feel better.
Want to avoid over thinking? Focus on what to do next instead of worrying about what went wrong.
Not arguing or fighting in a relationship represents a lack of interest. People who care about one another tend to argue sometimes.
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that person tends to become beautiful.
Never Forget; -who your true friends are -who truly loves you -who you truly are
A woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested.
Psychology says, forgiving is not forgetting. It's letting go of the hurt?
Left-handed people earn less money, score lower on tests and have more emotional problems on average than right-handed people.
"Musicomania" is a condition where a person's passion for music (or a song) becomes so strong, it prevents them from functioning properly.
Your mind is currently tired of wishing, hoping and waiting for something that most likely will never happen.
Hugging and or holding hands with the person you love has been proven to reduce stress almost instantly.
Music is so influential on the brain that the type you listen to actually has the ability to change the way you think and look at the world
Memories can either make you smile, or literally break you down into tears.
When stressed by a situation(s), take a moment to think whether you will even remember this event in 5 years.
Hating the sound of someone breathing or eating is called "misophonia" and is an actual brain disorder.
When in love, the human mind tends to ignore a person's flaws causing it to be difficult to leave someone who causes you pain
Sometimes the best way to love a friend who’s going through hard times, is to simply be there, and to give the gift of presence.
A person who seems jealous are or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.
Never get too attached to someone unless they feel the same towards you. One sided expressions actually destroy you mentally.
Marijuana usage can assist in slowing down the growth of cancer cells.
When you delete the unnecessary people from your life, good things will start happening for you and it won’t be a coincidence.
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables.
Psychologically, what screws us up most in life is the picture in our head of how things are supposed to be. Over thinking things.
The fear of remaining unmarried or marrying the wrong person is called “anuptaphobia” and affects almost 50% of women.
People will hate you, rate you, break you, and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
Ironically, people tend to change their attitude towards you when you begin treating them the way they treat you.
Too much homework has a negative impact on a person's memory as well as overall health. Also leads to clinical depression.
If you think someone is staring at you, look at your watch. If they look at theirs, you know they've been staring.
Psychology: Constant disappointment causes a person to develop a lifetime of trust and commitment issues.
Soteriophobia is a psychological condition in which causes a person to refuse depending on others out of fear of being disappointed.
When people say "you've changed " there's a 95% chance that you just stopped acting the way they wanted you to.
Life becomes more meaningful when you realize the simple fact that you'll never get the same moment twice.
Attempting to convince yourself that you don't care about someone is a clear indicator that you really do.
Just because someone doesn’t react, it doesn’t mean they don’t notice.
Women who prefer to have more male friends than female friends are happier, healthier and tend to live longer.
“Dysania” is the state of finding it hard to get out of bed in the morning.
The worst person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
You only get mad because you care. Anger is often an expression only shown towards people &amp; things you care about the most.
According to Discovery, scientists have recently discovered certain brain parasites that can facilitate a Zombie Apocalypse.
A woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. If she completely stops arguing, she's probably no longer interested.
People who are angry or upset tend to be more attentive and critical of their surroundings than those who are happy.
Muhammad is the most common first name in the entire world.
Smoking marijuana improves creativity and problem solving skills.
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail. It has nothing new to say.
The sentence "Are you as bored as I am?" can be said backwards and still make sense.
The first person you think of in the morning or last person you think of in the night is either the cause of your happiness or your pain.
Women who don't get enough sleep tend to be easily aggravated and or annoyed by others, especially by other women.
Marijuana has a much greater effect on the brains of teenage females than teenage males.
Whenever you're feeling down, remember, you're the sperm that won
Psychology says: The more loyal you are, the more disappointment you encounter and experience.
Psychology says, " romantic love " tends to last for only a year. Anything longer than that becomes " attachment love. "
People who are more likeable and attractive are generally perceived as more intelligent. This is called the “Halo Effect.”
Emotional pain lasts for 10 to 20 minutes, anything longer is actually self inflicted by over thinking, making things worse.
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness or the cause of your pain.
Your mind has the ability to detect and sense apparent danger. If you feel as if something's wrong, don't ignore that feeling.
Psychology says, the saddest people tend to also seem like the nicest.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.
Just because someone has been in your life for many years, doesn’t mean there shouldn’t be a point at which you finally decide to let go.
There's a 95% that you are no longer friends with someone in which you once claimed as your " best friend. "
Over thinking causes the human mind to create negative scenarios and or replay painful memories.
A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex.
Whatever you believe about yourself on the inside is what you will manifest on the outside.
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but by their fear of failure and shyness.
Missing someone causes insomnia like symptoms. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
A new study suggests that a small electrical current applied to the brain can boost your math performance for up to 6 months.
Keep a piece of paper and pencil by your bed. Everyone always gets their best ideas at night!
"Scopophobia" is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others.
70% of women ask questions in which they already know the answer to. This is why it's best to simply tell her the truth.
Psychologists state it takes the brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone.
The unhappiest people in this world are the people who care the most about what everyone else thinks.
Things always get worse before they get better. You have to just keep going.
There’s a brief moment when you first wake up where you have no memories, a blissful blank slate, a happy emptiness.
Psychology says The most dangerous lies are the lies you tell yourself.
Self-centered people are more likely to suffer from heart disease and have heart attacks.
When a person misses or thinks about you, that individual is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Every night you experience an endless battle with your thoughts and sleep, making it difficult to get rest.
Germany has paid $61.8 Billion to Jewish victims, to this day the U.S. has not paid $1 to African Americans for 400 years of brutal slavery.
Each day the human mind spends over 80% of it's time over thinking &amp; worrying.
People often pretend to be happy simply because smiling tends to be easier than explaining to others why they're upset.
Generally, a single text from the right person can instantly relieve stress and improve your mood.
Not arguing at all in a relationship represents a lack of interest. People who care about one another tend to argue now and again.
Psychology says, when you finally let go of the past, something better comes along.
Psychology says, sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Having a sarcastic personality enhances attractiveness because sarcasm is heavily associated with higher intelligence.
Life's not about the people who act true to your face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
Admitting you made a mistake will earn you respect and speed up the fixing process. Having an ego solves nothing.
Some people aren’t antisocial, they’re just very selective when it comes to who they associate with.
Psychological Fact - It takes one minute to make someone's day, and one word to destroy someone's life.
Psychology says that intelligent people take less time off of work and school.
Japanese researchers have successfully developed a device that will be able to literally playback your dreams in video sequence.
The Titanic II is currently being built and will set sail in 2016.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but instead by their shyness and fear of failure.
Tip: If you chew gum when you study a subject and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test it can help you remember.
Dancing often increases happiness.
Psychology says, It's a lot easier to admit being mad than it is to admit being hurt.
Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
Be happy with what you have, while working for what you want.
People say "never give up" but sometimes giving up is the best option because you realize you're wasting your time.
When cats bring back dead birds or mice to their owners, that is their way of teaching a human how to hunt or helping their human.
Pretending you don’t have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
People who are stuck in traffic jams for more than an hour are 3 times more likely to suffer a heart attack than others.
Psychology - There’s a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
Psychology says: If you still talk about it.. you still care. You can pretend not to.. but your thoughts tell a different story.
You can always see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
Before going to bed, 93% people count that how many hours of sleep they're going to get.
Psychologists say: The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
People in relationships dream about their significant other about 20% of the time.
Psychology shows that teenagers who spend much of their time listening to music are 8.3 times more likely to be depressed.
Not everything will go as you expect in your life. This is why you need to drop expectations, and go with the flow of life.
People with creative minds tend to have a harder time falling asleep at night, they prefer to stay up later.
A great relationship is about 2 things: First, appreciating the similarities. Second, respecting the differences.
Studies show that the Internet is making us lonely, depressed and possibly crazy.
Psychology says, sometimes jealousy is your mind's way of showing you how much you care about someone.
You'll actually feel loneliness in the same part of the brain as where you feel physical pain.
The first thing on your mind as soon as you wake up either brings you happiness or pain &amp; sometimes both.
Missing someone &amp; not being able to do anything about it generally makes people moody, easily annoyed &amp; or emotionally frustrated.
Your mind spends about 70% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments.
People kiss at weddings because kisses were used in ancient times to seal contracts.
Admit it, at this very moment...you're waiting for something that may never happen.
Your anxiety doesn’t come from thinking about the future, it comes from trying to control it.
Some researchers say romantic love lasts for one year and after that, it’s more of an “attachment love.”
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
Couples who spend at least 10 minutes a day laughing together are more likely to have a stronger relationship.
Every 10 years, you literally become a new person. Our desires, wants and needs change every 10 years.
Lonely people take longer, hotter showers or baths to replace the warmth they're lacking socially or emotionally.
More people are injured while having sex on couches than having sex anywhere else.
Psychologically, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get too close.
During pregnancy if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ.
According to a Oxford study, falling in love costs you two friends.
Cuddling a baby, reading out-loud, cheating in school and getting a business degree are all good for an efficient mind.
The hardest part about growing is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you’re not.
People only bring up your past when they are intimidated by your present.
Worrying = Waste Of Time. Good and bad things will happen in life. You just have to keep living and not stress over what you can't control
Psychological studies suggest that pretending not to miss someone tricks the mind into missing that person even more.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
People who are sad are likely to spend more money than those who are happy.
Accidentally text the wrong person? Immediately put your phone on airplane mode and once it fails to deliver, delete the message
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
The ones who get upset at each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
"Confabulation" is a phenomenon in which our brain convinces us to believe we've experienced something that's never happened.
Psychology states that happiness is a skill that everyone can learn.
Psychology says, if you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
Psychologically, it is possible to still love someone even though you're not in love with them anymore.
An eccedentesiast is a person who hides their pain behind a smile.
Homosexual behavior has been found in over 1,500 species. Homophobia is found in only one.
Don't lead someone on. If you like someone, then tell them. If you just want to be friends, then don't make them think they have a chance.
Just because one door closes, it doesn't mean you should go running through the next available door that opens. Stay calm. Be patient.
Psychology says, words don't have power to hurt you, unless that person means a lot to you.
Marijuana, listening to music and eating chocolate are all ways in which help slow down the growth of cancer.
Cows moo in accents specific to their region, just like humans.
While in love, people typically become jealous, anger easily over small things, curious &amp; often worry about losing that individual.
Dark chocolate relieves depression.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she no longer cares.
Positive thinking isn't expecting the best to happen every time. It's about accepting that whatever happens is the best for that moment
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the one person you want the most...
Generally, strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.
When you're happy, you enjoy the music. But, when you're sad, you understand the lyrics.
Ever had a dream where you're falling? This indicates that you have lost control of your life or have been abandoned.
Psychology claims, the best things in life are usually found when you're not looking for them.
Always believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.
When we meet somebody new, we only have 7 seconds to make a powerful first impression.
Dating an awkward person is considered to be less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Grades don't always measure intelligence and age doesn't always define maturity
Would the five year old version of yourself look up to who you are now? Think about it.
Girls who have high trust with their Fathers, also have high trust with their Boyfriends.
Psychology: Distance doesn't necessarily ruin a relationship. You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love.
Too much sitting makes you depressed.
Men find food more pleasurable than sex.
Loneliness causes people to take longer baths/showers, sleep longer and over think more.
People who get upset with each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Psychologically, the best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
The person who makes you the happiest is capable of causing you the most pain.
Listening to music for an hour every day can reduce chronic pain by up to 21% and depression by up to 25%
Eating chocolate can also reduce the symptoms of stress.
85% of people use music to escape from daily emotional stress.
Ironically, the human mind tends to forget the things it should remember &amp; remember the things it should forget.
Psychologically, it is impossible to be just friends with someone you've fallen in love with, attempting to do so can drive you crazy.
According to some psychologists, you cannot find happiness until you stop searching for it.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it.
Psychology says, making others happy can actually feel good, even when you aren't so happy yourself.
Red roses symbolize love. Yellow, friendship. Dark pink, gratitude. Orange, desire. Peach, appreciation. White, purity.
Psychology says, people tend to value memories more than actual people. Sometimes you miss the memories, not the actual person.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesnÍt mean you've got nothing to say. It means you donÍt think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Philophobia describes someone who fears falling in love, refusing to open up &amp; allow anyone close enough to hurt them.
Psychologist say, cutting people from your life does not mean you hate them, it simply means, you respect yourself.
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from usage, Cigarettes kills millions and they are legal and can be purchased anywhere.
Psychology says, people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
The brain is more active at night than it is during the day.
People who curse a lot tend to be more honest, upfront, and loyal with their friends and family.
Listening to sad songs actually creates positive emotions.
In many cases, relationships should have a second chance. The exception is cheating. Never take someone back who cheats.
People who eat plenty sweets tend to have brighter personalities, happier and less likely to suffer from depression.
Psychology says, people don’t always need advice. Sometimes all they need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen &amp; a heart to understand.
Your mind can sense someone staring at you even while asleep. Which explains why you randomly wake up during the night.
Hearing your name being called, when no one has actually called your name, is a likely sign of a healthy mind
Eating a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie while depressed can instantly improve your mood and fight the physical effects of depression.
Hungry and want a ride home? Go to the local pizza shop, order a pizza for delivery, and get a ride home with the driver.
Psychology is the brain trying to comprehend itself.
The scientist who developed the vaccine to fight leprosy is almost 100 years old, and he is still working to find a vaccine for cancer.
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there is a 85% chance that someone is watching you.
Sometimes you have to go through the worst in order to get to the best.
The older you get, the less people you trust.
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive
A person usually makes a lot of hand gestures when telling a true story. When telling a lie a person's hands will stay noticeably still
If everyone in the world washed their hands properly, a million lives could be saved every year.
Sometimes trusting a friend is the hardest thing to do. Even the closest friends can become your enemies.
The brain naturally craves 4 things: Food, Sex, Water and Sleep.
A new study suggests that marijuana increases positivity and reduces the negativity in emotional processing.
Psychology says, pain makes you stronger. Fear causes you to become braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles, the right people will find their way into your life.
"I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it." - Bill Gates
People who are really in love tend to get jealous over stupid things.
As much as 6 percent of the world's population suffers from sex addiction.
Strong willed women tend to come off as cold or " mean " simply because they refuse to be taken for granted &amp; or mistreated.
The biggest reason the mind has such a hard time being happy is because of it's inability to let go and move on from a painful past.
Psychology says, sometimes a person's silence means "I'm tired of explaining to people who will never even care to understand."
Love and lust activate different parts of the brain.
Boredom causes the mind to over think. People are less depressed and happier when kept busy.
Sometimes the people who don't talk to us are the ones that really want to.
You see better when you are scared.
Psychology says that children of strict parents tend to be sneakier.
If two past lovers can remain friends, they're either still in love or never were.
Don't avoid cameras during your years in school or on vacation/holiday. You might not want to now, but you'll appreciate it later.
"Asymbolia" is a condition that causes people to be immune to feeling pain.
Watching scary movies can have lasting effects on children and teens that may psychologically affect them well into adulthood.
Sarcasm was created to confuse the stupid.
Fasting for 16 hours resets your body's natural sleep/wake up cycle and is an effective way to overcome jetlag.
When you become really close to someone, you can hear their voice in your head when you read their texts.
Atelophobia is a condition that causes people to over think and obsess over the thought of not being good enough.
Making others happy can actually feel good, even when you aren't so happy yourself.
Psychologically, It becomes increasingly difficult to forget the people who gave you so much to remember.
If a single teacher can't teach us all the subjects then how can you expect a single student to learn all the subjects?
When a person laughs too much, even on stupid things, that person is sad deep inside. When a person sleeps a lot, that person is lonely.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Psychology says, the person who brings out the best in you &amp; makes you strong, is actually your weakness.
Usually, the people with the best advice are the one's with the most problems
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she doesn't care anymore.
Things that keep you up at night: loneliness, cold, heat, hunger, late night texting, memories, over thinking, worries, the internet.
(Psychology says) Rejecting new relationships because you were hurt or disappointed in the past solves nothing
Not being able to sleep at night may indicate that you're awake in someone's dream, psychology claims.
Women tell an average of 11 lies a week. Men, 58.
Your height is usually determined by your father. Intelligence, emotional strength and body shape is determined by the mother.
According to a study conducted at UC Berkeley, the happiest marriages are those where the wife is able to calm down quickly after arguments.
It takes an average of 252 licks to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop.
25% of women claim they would give up sex for a month, in exchange for clearer skin.
Listen carefully to how a person speaks about other people to you. This is how they will speak about you to other people!
Women with higher IQs have the hardest time finding a mate. Intelligent women would rather remain single than be with the wrong person.
To clear a stuffy nose easily you can push your tongue against roof of mouth, then press finger between eyebrows. Repeat 20 seconds.
A psychological study found that people who are generally 'too nice' are also the ones to get hurt the most.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.
Studies show that men and women experience the same amount of emotion but women tend to be more honest about them.
Psychology claims that we automatically develop better advice for other people than the advice we give to ourselves.
Music is stored in the most sensitive region of the brain which is why certain songs can evoke a strong emotional response.
Psychology says, we automatically develop better advice for others than the advice we give ourselves.
Facebook causes you to overestimate how happy your friends are and, in turn, makes you more depressed.
Being single will save you a thousand times more stress than being in the wrong relationship.
Intelligent women have an easier time identifying deception, sarcasm and lies.
When a person lies, the temperature of their nose rises -- This is known as the “Pinocchio Effect.”
Psychology says humans are becoming less and less empathetic. Today, we care about others 40% less than people in the 1980s did.
The brain has an "automatic penis maintenance function" to force erections if unused for too long.
Sometimes you need to be alone in order to reflect life. Take time out to take care of yourself. You deserve it.
Every seven years, you lose about half of your friends and replace them with new people.
Never underestimate the pain of a person, everyone is struggling. Just some people are better at hiding it than others.
People with blue eyes tend to perform better in academic careers than people with brown eyes.
Giving up and moving on are two very different things.
People are more likely to assume you're arguing with them when you're actually just explaining why you're right.
A study conducted by Harvard Researchers found women are happier when their male partners open up about being upset.
Being " cold " and or " heartless " is often a defense mechanism that women use to avoid getting hurt.
Psychology suggest, some people aren't meant to be in our lives forever. Some just pass through to teach us a lesson.
Psychologically, the only feeling of real loss is when you love someone more than yourself.
Smiles are the most deceptive facial expression. There are around 18 different smiles, including polite, cruel, fake and flirt.
You don't need everyone to like you. You'll be much happier if you stop trying.
If two people are having a dispute, the angrier one tends to be wrong. This is because anger can cloud judgement.
Psychology says, the person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest..
Smarter people tend to make sarcastic comments quicker than people who aren’t as smart.
Scientists concluded that the chicken came first not the egg: because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens.
(Psychology says) The best way to really appreciate someone is to imagine your life without them.
People who work on the weekend are easily annoyed by others, often considered as being moody.
Your " gut feelings " should be taken seriously. If you truly feel that there's something wrong then SOMETHING IS WRONG!
Never get too attached to anyone unless they also feel the same towards you, because one sided expectations can mentally destroy you.
Just because someone isn't exactly what you're looking for, doesn't mean they're not exactly who you need
Cuddling tend to literally put a woman in a peaceful state of mind -- Reducing stress and strengthens her heart.
Psychology says, sometimes silence is the most powerful scream and indication of something being terribly wrong.
When you're alone, you reflect. You reflect, then over think. You over think, then regret. You regret and become depressed!
Motivation is more important than IQ for succeeding in math, studies show.
“Phobophobia” is the fear of having a phobia.
Psychology says, seeing your closest friend change isn't what hurts, remembering who they were is the most painful.
Don't talk, act. Don't say, show. Don't promise, prove.
If you want to change something about yourself, repeat your intentions over and over. Eventually your brain will get into a new pattern.
Hearing someone call out your name when no one has actually called your name is considered a psychological sign of a healthy mind.
While we sleep, our memories are being restored &amp; transferred to a permanent storage area within the brain.
Sadness and depression are both contagious and can also spread just as fast as the flu
When dogs look at their human companions in the eye, it may actually be a look of love, rather than simply begging.
If you are buying headphones/speakers, test them with Bohemian Rhapsody. It has the complete set of highs and lows in instruments and vocals
Based on a psychological study : A crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you're already in love.
People with a higher IQ level are 3 times more likely to suffer from depression because of increased brain activity.
People are generally more honest when physically tired. This is why people confess things during late night conversations
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life.
Due to the new discovery of many brain parasites, Scientist say that a Zombie Apocalypse is actually possible.
Psychologists say: Men tend to forget, but never forgive… and women forgive, but never forget.
Psychological fact, pretending and or faking a smile can help you achieve optimum happiness, feelings of satisfaction and pleasure.
You can't change how people feel about you, so don't try. Just live your life and be happy.
Everyone has a song in their playlist which they always skip, but never delete.
Psychological Fact: The mind holds onto memories because memories remain the same even when people begin to change.
Spend life with those who make you happy, not who you have to impress
Everything is getting more expensive. Except for people, they are getting cheaper
Falling in love costs you 2 friends, according to Oxford University.
Tickling brings people closer in relationships.
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
Psychology fact: The only thing standing between you and your dreams is a lot of hard work.
Psychology claims, that mood where everything irritates you indicates that you're actually missing someone.
The brain releases so much dopamine during orgasms that a brain scan resembles that of someone on heroin.
Missing someone causes insomnia like symptoms. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
The more you talk about that person to others, the more you fall in love with that person.
You never really know the true value of a moment, until it becomes a memory
Technomania is a psychological condition that best describes a person obsessed with technology: Computers, cell phone etc.
Psychology says that unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be even more painful once they come back.
Psychologists say, the people with the best advice have experienced a lot of issues in their own life.
Social psychologists have found that the more a city's radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes.
"Scopophobia" is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep.
Anger triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty, that's when the truth comes out.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but by their fear of failure and shyness.
Psychology says; People tend to value memories more than actual people. Sometimes you miss the memories, not the actual person.
"Eargasm'' is a term used to describe the chill you feel down your spine experienced when listening to good music.
Don ’t be shy, it can literally ruin many good oppourtunities! Just go do it!
Psychology says - staying quiet doesn’t mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
The term "happily ever after" was originally used as "happily until they died."
Positive thinking can actually help increase your lifespan, strengthen your immune system and lower rates of depression.
Chocolate contains the compound anandamide, which actually stimulates the human brain the same way as marijuana.
The human mind spends 70% of it's time replaying memories &amp; creating scenarios of perfect moments and situations.
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness, or the cause of your pain.
Respect people who find time in their schedule to see you. Love people who never look at their schedule when you need them.
People tend to be more creative when they're tired or drunk.
Life becomes easier when you can learn to accept an apology you never got.
Women have better peripheral vision than men.
Some old myths claim that when you're born, you're actually crying from your death in your past life.
If people could read minds, and two people were reading eachother's minds, wouldn't they just be reading their own minds?
60% of people fear that they care about a person way more than that person cares about them.
Cheaters think everyone cheats. Liars think everyone lies. Keep this in mind.
Subconsciously, people who attempt to force themselves to forget certain things suffer from Mnemophobia, the fear of painful memories.
When ignored by someone whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in the brain is similar to physical pain.
The people who are really in love get jealous over stupid things.
During the middle ages, talkative women were punished by being forced to wear metal cages on their heads.
Involuntary musical imagery describes a person who can't work or concentrate because a song is stuck in their head.
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
If you don’t love yourself, you’ll always be chasing people who don’t love you, either.
People who daydream often tend to be better at solving complex problems.
The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
Myspace is blue, Facebook is blue, Instagram is blue, Tumblr is blue, Twitter is blue. The color blue relieves stress.
The best friendships tend to be with the people in which you can openly be weird with.
Randomly experiencing sadness but not knowing why may indicate that you're actually missing someone or someone's missing you.
One study suggest that people who lose their virginity at the age of 19 go on to attain a higher level of education and a higher salary.
Cuddling literally puts a woman in a peaceful state of mind, reduces stress &amp; strengthens her heart.
Before sleeping, 90% of your mind begins to imagine stuff you'd like to happen.
Relying on others will never make you happy. Happiness is something only you are responsible for.
The lyrics in your favorite song express everything that you struggle to say or express to others.
Dont ask someone if theyre telling the truth. A liar will just keeping lying and an honest person will be offended.
86% of people use music to escape from their daily stress.
Philophobia is a psychological condition in which a person fears the idea of falling in love &amp; or becoming too attached.
Psychology says, when we’re constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Listening to music is one of the only activities that stimulates the entire human brain.
Generally speaking, you should always listen to people when they're angry because that's when the truth tends to come out.
Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that's the one that is going to help you grow.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh more and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Psychology says - The key to accepting change is to let go of fear. You over think less once you've accepted that things change.
Generally, a woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested.
Female psychology: When she is happy, she can’t stop talking. When she is sad, she doesn't say a word.
Loneliness is processed in the same part of the brain as physical pain.
80% of women use silence to express pain. You know she's truly hurt when she chooses to ignore you.
Sometimes good people make bad decisions. It doesn’t mean they’re bad people, it means they’re human.
Before sleeping, 90% of your mind begins to imagine stuff you'd like to happen
92% of people fake their laugh when they don't understand what someone just said to them.
Going through a lot of stress during a long time can cause you to halt your brain and completely put it in non functioning mode.
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there's an 85% chance that someone is staring at you.
Psychologically, It makes people happier to spend money on others as opposed to themselves.
People who stay awake till late night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early and rise early for the day
Being called "Baby" has a positive effect on the female brain, causing instant emotional stress relief.
Alexithymia describes a person who has a difficult time expressing their feelings to others.
Psychology says, attempting to convince yourself that you don't care about someone is a clear indicator that you really do
Psychology says: When letting go is less painful than holding on, then its time to move on.
Girls who have more guys as friends than girls, go through less depression and anxiety
The less you reply to negative people, the more peaceful your life becomes.
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Day by day, nothing really changes. Yet when you look back, everything seems different.
In the moment in which you can't fall asleep at night, there's a strong possibility that someone misses you.
Unexpected text messages from people you care of can have a positive influence on your body and instantly improve your mood
People tend to be more emotionally open and confess things during late night conversations via text message.
Holding back your feelings out of fear of getting hurt only causes more pain in the end.
A psychology study suggests, when you're single, all you see are happy couples. And when you're committed, all you see are happy singles.
Every 10 years, you literally become a new person. Our desires, wants &amp; needs change every 10 years.
Psychologists state it takes a person about 15-17 months to get over a breakup with someone they were in love with.
Don’t confuse your path with your destination. Just because it’s stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine.
It's actually better to take exams on an empty stomach because hunger makes you better able to focus.
"Razbliuto" is a Russian word to describe that empty feeling you have for someone you once loved, but no longer love.
When you’re right, no one remembers. When you’re wrong, no one forgets.
Psychologically, the worst feeling is realizing someone slowly losing interest in you &amp; not being able to do anything about it.
Sometimes, people who are thousands of miles away can make you feel better than the ones right beside you.
The prettiest girls have an 'A' in their name.
88% of people start making up scenarios in their heads that most likely will never happen, right before falling asleep.
Mentally, we reevaluate our friendships every 7 yrs. Friendships that extend more than 7 yrs are more likely to last a lifetime.
A 4 second awkward-silence in conversation creates feelings of rejection in the brain.
Creative people tend to lie more often (and are more convincing) that people who are not as creative.
Over thinking increases activity in the region of the brain that is responsible for processing physical pain.
People who listen to more than one genre of music tend to be: smarter, more creative, open minded, honest
70% of people enjoy old songs because of the memories they've attached to them.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
Yawning doesn't always necessarily mean you're tired, it also means your body needs more oxygen.
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really mean anything to you. And then you meet one person, and your life is changed forever.
Psychologically, washing your hands while you’re thinking through decisions helps you think more clearly, and be more focused.
Dysania is the state of finding it really difficult to get out of bed in the morning.
Psychological studies suggest that the best way to get someone's attention is to stop giving them yours.
Psychological Fact - We seem to ignore the ones who adore us &amp; pay more attention to those who ignore us.
Someone in which you know is more likely to appear in your dreams if that person falls asleep thinking or talking about you.
The same part of the brain that responds to fearful situations also responds to anxiety caused by math.
Singing helps reduce feelings of depression and anxiety, increases oxygen to your lungs and improves quality of sleep.
Most of the problems in your life are due to two reasons: you act without thinking, or think without acting.
People are generally more honest when physically tired. This is why people confess things during late night conversations.
Just because you forgive someone doesn't always mean you're inviting them back into your life. Forgiveness makes letting go easier.
The more you care, the more likely you are to over think.
Drinking white or green tea every day will minimize the environmental damage done to your skin, and minimize fine lines and wrinkles.
Your heartbeat pattern changes and mimics the music you listen to.
Sleeping beauty Syndrome is a sickness that causes people to sleep for up to 10 days at a time.
Emotional pain lasts for 10-20 minutes, anything longer is actually self inflicted by over thinking, making things worse.
Families who turn off the television during meals tend to be healthier.
Don’t be afraid of death, be afraid of an unlived life.
Psychological fact, being unable to get someone off your mind indicates that you are also on that person's mind as well.
Kissing helps to reduce negative energy and lower the amount of stress hormones in the body.
In order to keep your skin healthy and glowing, avoid stress. Stress causes various health problems and also affects your skin and looks.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
People change, feelings fade, things go wrong, memories remain but life goes on.
Once you fall in love, those feelings never leave. Though you may no longer " like " that person, you'll always care to some extent.
Psychology says, you never really lose friends, with time you just learn who your true ones are.
Don't worry about the hard times, because most of the beautiful things we have in life come from changes and mistakes.
Most of your dreams are reflective of your state of mind at that point in time. Your emotions can shape the dreams you have
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.
The person on your mind while you're unable to sleep is usually responsible for your happiness, pain or both.
Some people aren't actually anti social, they're just very selective when it comes to the people they associate with.
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to present to her.
If a person is looking into your eyes for more than 5 seconds without blinking he/she either wants to kill you or have sex with you.
Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
There's a big difference between ; who we love, who we settle for and who we're meant for.
The number of 'followers' you have does not make you better than anyone else. Hitler had millions, and Jesus had 12.
The tendency to be pessimistic and negative is a genetic trait similar to hair and eye color. Some people are just born to be pessimistic.
Not having enough sex can put you at risk of anxiety, paranoia and depression.
Psychology shows that people who dance often are likely to have higher self-esteem and a more positive outlook on life.
The best friendships tend to be those in which you can be openly weird and or sarcastic without that person taken offense.
Laughter increases the activity of antibodies by about 20%, helping to destroy viruses and tumor cells.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.
Trypophobia is the fear of asymmetrical holes.
Workers at various iPad factories operate in conditions so horrible, they are forced to sign anti-suicide pledges.
Psychology claims, if two past lovers can remain friends… they are still in love or never were.
Psychology says, when you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that individual becomes beautiful.
The most sexually arousing aroma for women is a mix of Good &amp; Plenty and cucumber.
People think that to be strong is to never feel pain. But in reality, the strongest people are the ones who feel it but get through it!
Don't use Google to search for information for school essays. Use 
If you spend one hour in a swimming pool, you will intake about 50 ounces of urine.
Brown eyes are actually blue underneath, and as a result you can actually get surgery to turn brown eyes blue
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that individual becomes beautiful.
No offense means I’m about to hurt your feelings, but let’s pretend I didn't.
There is only one person you spend your whole life with, and that is yourself. If you aren't ok with you, there is an issue
Loneliness is not a lack of company. Loneliness is a lack of purpose.
Psychology: There’s a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they're actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
Agliophobia best describes a person who fears both emotional &amp; or physical pain. This usually leads to the habit of over thinking.
Psychological Fact: The person you care about the most is usually the person who you'll allow to hurt you the most.
Placing an envelope in the fridge for an hour will unseal it. A good tip to know if you forgot to include something.
Did you know your body is actually designed to get 4 hours of sleep twice per day instead of 8 hours once?
Your brain burns 20% of your daily calorie intake, despite only being 2% of your body mass.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all key to a healthy brain.
The opposite of " deja vu " is ''jamais vu'' not being able to recognize a word, person, or place that you actually know.
It's possible to die from a broken heart; it's called Stress Cardiomyopathy.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles the right people will find their way into your life.
Finding love is all about timing. Psychology says that it's possible to find the right person but at the wrong time.
People who hide their feelings usually care the most.
Long periods of silence is often attributed to over thinking. The quietest people tend to have the loudest minds
A cat's brain is more similar to a human brain than it is to a dog's brain. Humans and cats have identical regions responsible for emotion.
Being openly weird and or awkward with someone is an indication of how comfortable you are with that individual.
Lip biting triggers a rush of chemicals to the brain which reduce anxiety and stress.
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by a feather.
Cheating is directly linked to lack of intelligence, insecurity, low self esteem and an overall sense of unhappiness with one's own life.
Psychological and emotional stress: - Dying to know something but afraid to find out.
Women's tears have been proven to biologically reduce sexual desire in men.
Singing has positive psychological effects. Singing releases endorphins, making you feel better almost instantly.
The downside of being shy is that people misjudge you as thinking you’re better than others just because you’re quiet.
Never go to sleep angry at someone. You never know when you may never see them again.
People usually don't notice the things you do for them until you stop doing those things
Athazagoraphobia: The fear of being forgotten and or ignored by someone whom you strongly care about.
Over 90% of people say "never mind" when they don't feel like repeating themselves.
The average person tells 4 lies a day, 1,460 a year, and a total of 88,000 by the age of 6. And the most common lie is "I'm fine".
Once you learn how to be happy, you won't tolerate being around people who make you feel like anything less
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in everyday life. Sadness increases the urge to sleep more.
Crying keeps you healthy by literally flushing away harmful bacteria and reducing stress.
The best friendships are those in which you can be openly weird or sarcastic without that person taking offense.
Your jaw is strong enough to break all of your teeth – But, the brain stops that from happening.
Psychology states that men tend to forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
According to a survey conducted in “The Art of Kissing”, 96% of women enjoy having their neck kissed the most.
People will never understand the decisions you make, unless they have experienced how hard it is to be in your place.
Psychology says, women are more likely to notice any and everything but tend to act as if they don't.
Women are more likely than men to blame their partner for failings in their relationship.
'K' is the worst, most annoying, most irritating, aggravating response ever.
People who swear a lot tend to have higher IQ's, less likely to experience depression &amp; are overall happier than those who don't.
'Made in China' stickers are made in Korea.
People who use sarcasm regularly have greater self control, this also includes the control of their emotions.
Students today spend more time on homework than ever in recorded history.
Psychology says, It takes a second to make a mistake, but a lifetime to try and forget it was your fault..
That awkward moment when you're actually telling the truth, but you're laughing so everyone thinks you're lying.
17 Of The Greatest Responses To An Ex Text Of All Time, LMFAO
Sleeping is the best natural cure to forget about problems, pain, stress, and everything for a while.
Crying is actually very healthy - Tears lubricate your eyes, remove irritants and reduce stress, making you feel better.
People who frequently complain on social media are more likely to become depressed and get addicted to such sites.
Relationship studies suggests the psychological pain of a break up is just as real as a physical injury.
Ironically, hearing someone call out your name when no one has actually called your name is a sign of a healthy mind.
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
Wearing purple enhances creativity &amp; is associated with confidence, self independence and class.
Women with higher IQ's have a harder time finding a mate. Intelligent women would rather remain single than be with the wrong person.
The way you dress is linked to your mood. Dressing well stabilizes and improves quality of happiness, reducing depression risk.
Psychology says, you realize you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if its not with you.
While engaged in conversation with an old friend, you are more likely to realize how much your life has actually changed.
Travel. As much as you can. As far as you can. As long as you can. Life’s not meant to be lived in one place.
Your dreams reveal hidden truths about what you feel, who you are and the world around you.
Studies show that Wednesday is the best day of the week to go out on a first date.
Psychology says, If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders.
Your mind spends 80% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments.
Attempting to be friends with someone whom you feel romantically attracted to may often cause insomnia, depression &amp; low self worth.
When a person dies, they have 7 minutes of brain activity left. It's the mind playing back the persons memories in a dream sequence.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh more &amp; have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
If someone nods their head excessively during a conversation it means they've lost interest but don't want to be rude by telling you.
Women are biologically attracted to guys who are taller than them because height is associated with the ability to protect and defend.
Fake people talk about other people being fake. Real people worry about their business, and no one else's.
A study suggests that people who lose their virginity after the age of 19 will attain a higher level of education and make more money.
Pay no attention to what people say. Pay very close attention to what they do.
Infatuation is when you find somebody who is absolutely perfect. Love is when you realize that they aren't and it doesn't matter.
Overeating may cause brain aging while eating less turns on a molecule that helps the brain stay young.
People who laugh more are able to tolerate pain better, both physical and emotional.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
One Direction are the youngest band to ever perform at the Olympic Games
People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends
You can't lose what you've never had, you can't keep what's not yours &amp; you can't hold on to someone who refuses to stay.
The last person on your mind before you close your eyes at night is either the reason for your happiness or pain.
Listen to the advice of older people. Not because they're right, but because they have the most experience being wrong.
Psychology: What we wear affects how we feel and behave. Wearing bright colors makes you more generous and optimistic.
Playing video games can sharpen a person's decision making abilities by 25% as well as improve focus and boost creativity.
Psychology says, the less you worry about what people think, the less complicated life becomes.
The more you ignore your feelings, the more painful your emotions become.
Shy people tend have great observational skills, making it easier to recognize the core of a problem then solving it.
People whose names start with 'A' have the longest life expectancy.
Psychology Says - Be mindful of what you toss away, be careful of what you push away, and think hard before you walk away.
Bonding over good music can help strengthen the likelihood of marriage within a relationship.
Being optimistic and remaining hopeful can help you live longer, studies suggest.
People born in 1997-1999 have lived in three decades, two centuries, and two millenniums and they are not even 18 yet!
Listening to music is one of the few activities that uses the entirety of the human brain.
Going to sleep at the same time every night increases your chances of achieving a good night's sleep.
Some studies suggest that 70% of our stress , depression is often brought on by simply over-thinking too much.
Elephants can die of a broken heart if a mate dies. They refuse to eat and will lay down, shedding tears until they starve to death!
When you meet someone worth being with, you'll know. Generally, your heart will beat rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
Psychology says, thereÍs nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause thatÍs when you really have something to lose.
People who are sarcastic tend to be better problem solvers.
"No lemon, no melon." backwards is "No lemon, no melon".
Studies show that people who stay awake later at night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early.
A kick in the nuts is above 9000 del (units) of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3200 bones at a time.
People with long legs are generally healthier than people with short legs.
Never argue with stupid people. They will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience
Studies show that pretending not to miss someone actually causes your mind to miss them even more.
Your mind has the ability to detect and sense danger? if you feel as if somethingÍs wrong, donÍt ignore that feeling
Haters don't really hate you. In fact, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
When a person is in love, their brain ignores the person's flaws and makes it difficult for them to leave a person who causes them pain.
Being ignored causes women to lose interest. The person ignoring her becomes less attractive both physically and mentally.
90% of the time it's not the person you miss, it's the feelings and moments you had when you were with them.
Sometimes, the thing you most want, doesn't happen. And sometimes, the thing you never expect to happen, does.
In order to completely burn off one plain m&amp;m, you'd have to walk the distance of an entire football field.
A "good morning beautiful" text can drastically change a woman's attitude for an entire day.
Psychology says, depression is often the result of over thinking, our minds create problems that initially didn't exist.
Psychology fact : Don't make decisions when you're angry. Don't make promises when you're happy.
The human mind tends to get addicted to the things that take away the pain and relieve mental stress.
"Negaholics" are people who become addicted to self-doubt and negativity. They find the bad in most things and are hardly ever satisfied.
Over thinking literally causes the human mind to create negative scenarios &amp; replay painful memories.
If you aren't happy single, you won't be happy taken. Happiness comes from within, not from a relationship.
Try not to say anything negative about anyone for a week, month, or year. Watch what happens to your life.
Singing exercises your heart, lungs and releases endorphins, making you feel good.
Scientist say, our dreams can often warn us of things that have yet to happen.
Just because someone isn't exactly what you're looking for, doesn't mean they're not exactly who you need.
People who feel an urge to correct other people’s grammar are actually suffering from a form of OCD, Grammar Pedantry Syndrome.
Repeating a common word over and over until it loses all meaning and sounds weird is called semantic satiation.
“I’m sorry” is a statement. “I won’t do it again” is a promise. “How do I make it up to you?” is a responsibility.
If you're 16 &amp; older, there's a 60% chance that you've already met the person you'll one day marry.
Psychology: When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Scientists say posting photos of your food to Instagram before eating it makes it taste better.
The loneliest people are the kindest. The saddest people smile the brightest. The most damaged people are the wisest.
Men tend to fall in love faster than women and are more likely to take the lead during the initial stages of a relationship.
Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.
A homeless man held up and robbed a bank for $1, then sat down and waited for police to arrest him so he could receive healthcare in prison.
Psychology suggest that sometimes you love someone so much that not even the truth can change your mind.
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.
You're not afraid to fall in love, you're just afraid of falling for the wrong person.
Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
People who can naturally detect when someone is lying to them are called "Truth Wizards."
'You really love him/her, don't you?' It's a psychological question, no name was mentioned but still, someone came into your mind!
Studies show that people who overthink tend to create problems for themselves that weren’t there to begin with.
1 out of 5 adults urinate in public swimming pools, this is what causes the redness of the eyes, not chlorine
The people who smile the most are in fact most likely to be suffering from depression &amp; or some sort of emotional pain.
Marijuana doesn't actually kill brain cells; a new study says it may help regrow them.
At the age of 15, only 13% of teens have had sex -- By the age of 19, 70% of teens have engaged in sexual intercourse.
Psychology says, never give up on something you really want. Nothing is worse than regret.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesn't mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Friendships with people with awkward personalities tend to last longer. They're more reliable, trustworthy and loyal.
"Erotomania" is a type of delusion where the affected person believes another individual is in love with him or her.
Psychology says, men are mostly attracted to women who remind them of their mothers.
Psychology states that girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends.
You can't see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you can't see the truths in your life in a state of anger.
The more educated a woman is, the more likely she is to be a heavy drinker.
Depressed people are likely to get colds more often while happy and energetic individuals get sick less often.
The inventor of the chocolate chip cookie sold the idea to Nestlé Toll House in exchange for a lifetime supply of chocolate.
I really enjoy using @ManageFlitter. I've used it to get my Twitter account under control. 
Scientists have created a scientific version of marijuana called 'Dimethylheptylpyran'. When smoked, it'll keep you high for at least 3 day…
Pain alters our personality. Everyone has a story, there's a reason why they're the way they are.
Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you dont care, but because they don't.
Laughter is a panic response when someone tickles you. That's why it's harder to tickle yourself, as your body hardly senses any real danger
When thinking about life remember this: no amount of guilt can solve the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future
The man with the longest beard in the world (4.5 feet) tripped over it, broke his neck and died.
Sadness increases the urge to sleep more.
Our brains have a negativity bias and will remember negative memories more than good ones. This helps us to better protect ourselves.
Psychology shows that music increases your brain's organization.
Psychology says, pain doesn't always heal, you just learn to live with it
Psychology says, friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it's about who you have the best time with.
I don’t compete. You either want me in your life or you don’t.
Delete your browser cookies before you buy airline tickets. Ticket prices go up when you visit travel sites multiple times.
You will never achieve what you are capable of if you’re too attached to things you’re supposed to let go of.
Reading or seeing something you didn't want to know can actually trigger a heart sinking feeling within your body.
Forgive others. Not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace.
Women who consume atleast four cups of coffee daily are less likely to be upset or depressed.
The people who are meant to be in your life will always gravitate back towards you, no matter how far they wander!
Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in every day life.
The happier you are, the less sleep you require to function in everyday life. Sadness increases the urge to sleep more..
The desire to squeeze and hug cute things comes from the same place in your brain as aggression.
An idiot is someone with an IQ from 0-25, an imbecile is someone with an IQ from 26-50, and a moron is someone with an IQ between 51 and 70.
Positive events, such as graduating, getting married and a new job often lead to depression.
Psychology states that playing board games and reading helps to preserve your memory.
Due to increased brain activity, people with higher intelligence tend to have a harder time falling asleep at night.
Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life
Your gut feelings are usually accurate and correct. If you truly feel there's something, chances are there is.
Psychology says, appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you!
Sometimes good people make bad choices. It doesn't mean they are bad people, it means they’re human....
Cuddling literally kills depression, relieves anxiety, strengthens the immune system &amp; reduces risk of cancer in women.
Too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
When you miss someone, you're more likely to re-read old text messages from that person.
Falling in love is not a choice. To stay in love is.
It's impossible to remain angry at someone you truly love. Anger lasting for more than 3 days indicates that you're not in love.
It's impossible to live a positive life with a negative mind.
Women who have more male friends than female friends are less likely to experience anxiety and become depressed.
The "Pinky Promise" originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.
Yuor brian is so pfweroul, taht it can raed scntenees wtih mxied up wrods as lnog as the fsrit and lsat letetrs are in the rgiht palce.
Men actually tend to overestimate women's interest in them while women tend to underestimate men's interest.
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that person tends to become beautiful..
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Bad eyesight is linked to overall intelligence. Men &amp; women with bad eyesight tend to have a higher IQ.
Psychological studies suggest: When you can't stop thinking of someone, it's more likely because they're thinking about you as well.
When he was 12 years old, Justin shaved his entire head for a friend suffering from cancer. He did not want him to feel alone.
Psychology fact: Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
Psychology claims that if two past lovers can remain just friends, it's either they are still in love, or never were.
The more attracted you are to someone, the easier it is for them to make you laugh.
The 3 C's of life: choices, chances and changes. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.
Have you ever walked into a room &amp; forgot why you went there? What if that's God playing Sims and he just cancelled your action.
Sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Agliophobia best describes a person who fears both emotional and or physical pain. This usually leads to the habit of over thinking.
"Lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember a specific word. This causes you to obsess over it for an entire day.
You can survive without eating for weeks, but you will only live 11 days without sleeping.
70% of people pretend to be okay simply because they don't want to annoy others with their problems.
Some people are actually afraid of being too happy because they think something tragic is going to happen soon. This is known as Cherophobia
Sigmund Freud liked cocaine so much that he would give it to friends and family as a gift.
Phagomania is a psychological condition that causes a person to be obsessed with food &amp; or the excessive desire to eat.
Learning a foreign language or how to play an instrument can help slow the brain’s aging process.
While playing and listening to music, your brain receives enough mental exercise to reduce risk of mental disorders.
Psychology says, the longer you hide your feelings for someone, the harder you fall for that individual.
Women are more attracted to men who pay attention, someone who remembers details about them without having to be reminded.
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most.
What if life is a dream and death wakes us up?
Being ignored causes the same chemical reaction in the brain as experiencing a physical injury.
Psychology: People are more likely to assume you're arguing with them when you're actually just explaining why you're right.
Friendships with people with awkward personalities tend to last longer.
Atychiphobia describes a person who fears that they aren't good enough to be in a relationship with a specific person.
Psychology says, sometimes you miss the way it felt, you miss the memories but not the actual person.
every time you think your life is crap just imagine a tree that took 20 years to grow to end up being a Justin Bieber notebook
Ancient myths theorize that our dreams are just blurred memories of either a past life or a look into our future.
Marrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by over 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.
It’s better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
Sticks &amp; stones may break your bones ....but words leave psychological wounds that will never heal.
Psychological theory: The main use of an iPad is to show people that you can afford an iPad.
Attempting to solve math equations triggers the same region of the brain responsible for reacting to extremely fearful situations.
Psychologically, a simple "I miss you" from the right person can absolutely change everything.
If you don't do stupid things while you're young, you'll have nothing to smile about when you're old.
Psychologically, It hurts the most when the person who made you feel so special yesterday, makes you feel so unwanted today.
Best friends tend to have secret code names for people they dislike.
That moment when you randomly feel depressed for no apparent reason may indicate that you're actually missing someone.
Psychology: Constant disappointment causes a person to develop a lifetime of trust &amp; commitment issues.
When asked what his IQ was, Stephen Hawking said "I have no idea. People who boast about their IQ are losers".
Once you truly care for another individual, their mood can easily alter yours. Their happiness, pain and stress becomes yours.
You once held a world record when you were born for being the "Youngest Person on The Planet.
Being ignored by someone whose attention means the most to you triggers a reaction in the brain similar to physical pain.
Being angry &amp; bitter destroys you mentally, lowers your IQ &amp; can literally shorten your life.
There is a surgical implant being developed that can give you an orgasm at the touch of a button.
There’s a lesson hidden in everything. You just have to find it.
Psychology says, when everything reminds you of a certain individual, you are most likely in love.
73% of the time, the people who are always trying to cheer others up are unhappy themselves.
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
A real friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes the smile on your face.
Marrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by more than 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.
Psychologists have found that whenever you’re in a bad mood, you can feel better just by forcing yourself to smile.
A group of flamingos is called a “flamboyance.”
Vibrators were originally used to treat hysteria in women.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
Ironically, you can always tell when someone like's someone else but you can't tell if someone likes you or not.
Refrigerators work more efficiently if they’re full.
You will never really hate the person once they come into your dream. Dreaming about the person force you to like them.
The human brain isn't fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
Remember, the girls who say, "a lot of guys are after me", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.
Psychology says, forgiving is not forgetting. It's letting go of the hurt?
Women who prefer to have more male friends than female friends are happier, healthier and tend to live longer.
60% of people spend most nights remembering past conversations, imagining what they should have said instead!
Crying is good for your health. It flushes unhealthy bacteria out of your body, strengthening the immune system and relieving stress.
You are in love if your crush for someone stays with you longer than 4 month, a psychological study suggests.
A woman's kindness if often mistaken for flirting.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.
The person currently on your mind is either the reason for your pain or happiness.
Pediophobia is the fear of dolls.
Hugging and or holding hands with the person you love has been proven to reduce stress almost instantly.
People who are angry or upset tend to be more attentive and critical of their surroundings than those who are happy.
Never get too attached to someone unless they feel the same towards you. One sided expressions actually destroy you mentally.
Psychology says, relationships are always stronger when you are best friends first, a couple second.
The more we get to know someone, the more attractive they become. We even see them as more physically attractive.
A person who seems jealous or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.
If you think someone is staring at you, look at your watch. If they look at theirs, you know they've been staring.
Whenever you're feeling down, remember, you're the sperm that won
Memories can either make you smile, or literally break you down into tears.
Never Forget; -who your true friends are -who truly loves you -who you truly are
Psychology says, the fact that someone is silent doesn't always mean they have nothing to say.
Psychology says, " romantic love " tends to last for only a year. Anything longer than that becomes " attachment love. "
Marijuana has a much greater effect on the brains of teenage females than teenage males.
Having sex doesn't make you a slut, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
Sometimes the best way to love a friend who’s going through hard times, is to simply be there, and to give the gift of presence.
The best thing about being single is sleeping around. You can sleep all over that big lonely bed of yours. Left, right, middle, wherever.
Psychology says, the saddest people tend to also seem like the nicest.
The first person you think of in the morning or last person you think of in the night is either the cause of your happiness or your pain.
Most people aren't actually anti-social. They choose to be alone because they hate spending time with stupid people.
Eating toast 30 minutes before going to bed can help you sleep better.
Sometimes you never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory, that you wish you could experience again.
Psychology says - Your journey will be much lighter and easier if you don't carry your past with you.
Your mind is currently tired of wishing, hoping and waiting for something that most likely will never happen.
Women who don't get enough sleep tend to be easily aggravated and or annoyed by others, especially by other women.
A woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested.
There will always be a reason why you meet people. Either you need to change your life or you’re the one that will change theirs.
Psychology shows that a man is more likely to ask a woman out and spend money on her if she is wearing red.
Psychology says, we automatically develop better advice for other people than the advice we give ourselves.
Physical pain and emotional pain travel similar pathways in the brain.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesn’t mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Psychology says: The more loyal you are, the more disappointment you encounter and experience.
If they don't want to label your relationship, they don't want to be in a relationship with you.
Psychology says, people who refuse to depend on others have experienced the most disappointment earlier on in their lives.
Psychology says that most people decide whether or not they’re attracted to someone else within the first 3 seconds of meeting them.
A study found that the act of over thinking increases the risk of depression, mostly in women
Music and sleep, two great ways to escape from everything.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Breathe deeply. Do your best. Leave everything else to the powers above you.
Psychology says, forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different.
Singing during your morning shower can actually help boost immunity and improve your mood, helping you have a better day.
A study of 16,000 women found that females with more curves are smarter than those who weigh less.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn't Photoshop be illegal for models?
Science has shown that chocolate and shopping are more addictive than LSD and steroids
When someone tickles you, the laugher is a panic response -- You can't tickle yourself, because your body doesn't sense any real danger..
Women have smaller brains than men, however, women also use their brains more efficiently than men.
Psychologists have found that sending and receiving text messages can actually boost your mood when you’re feeling lonely.
Spending a great amount of time with someone can literally cause you to pick up their habits.
Telephonobia is the fear of making or receiving phone calls.
Sometimes, people who don’t socialize much aren’t actually anti-social… they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
It’s actually a lot easier to be angry at someone than it is to tell them you’re hurt by something they've done or said to you.
The average human will spend one-third of their life sleeping.
Retweeting a tweet because you're secretly sending someone a message.
Three solutions to every problem: Accept it, change it or leave it. If you can't accept it, change it. If you can't change it, leave it.
The human brain isn't fully functional for learning until after 10 a.m. Science proves that schools begin way too early!
Over thinking stimulates the brain, making harder to fall asleep at night.
Psychologically, fake smiling causes real happiness.
Pain has the ability to change the way a person looks at and deals with their everyday life.
Sometimes, the only reason why you won't let go of what's making you sad is because it was the only thing that made you happy.
95% of the time, We forgive people because we still want them in our lives.
Over thinking creates problems that wasn't even there in the first place.
Falling in love triggers a psychological reaction in the mind similar to a stalker.
Psychology fact: You will never look like the girl in the magazine. The girl in the magazine doesn't even look like the girl in the magazine
There's a direct link between sarcasm, honesty &amp; friendship. Sarcastic people tend to be more honest, loyal &amp; upfront with their friends!
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point - When blindfolded, humans will gradually walk in a circle.
Your personality is who you are. Your attitude is usually based on how a person treats you.
The human brain isn’t fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
Sarcasm enables the human brain to remain healthy and efficient in terms of problem solving &amp; emotional strength.
Sleeping without a bra improves quality of sleep by over 95% and is an effective way of treating insomnia.
The panic you feel when someone is tickling you is called "gargalesthesia."
Psychology says, If you still talk about it, you still care. If it still hurts, you still care.
Over thinking is psychologically harmful because the mind replays negative experiences in an endless loop which causes emotional stress.
People feel more connected to you not from how much they know about you but instead from how much they think you know about them.
Porphyrophobia is the fear of the color purple.
Women are 40% more likely than men to develop a mental illness.
Wearing high heels can increase the risk of arthritis.
More often the people in which you meet by accident tend to be the ones who become an important &amp; major part of your life.
When a bee mates with a queen, its ejaculation is so powerful that it can be heard by the human ear.
Suppressing and ignoring your emotions only makes things worse. It’s healthier to be more open and honest with what you’re feeling.
The people who smile, laugh and joke around the most are usually the unhappiest.
Chewing gum can help speed up your metabolism, making it easier to burn calories and lose weight.
Remove negative people from your life. The people you spend time with influence your attitude, thoughts and success more than you think
Psychologically, that "what if" feeling can literally be painful &amp; cause you to over think.
Psychology claims, that mood where everything irritates you indicates that you're actually missing someone.
Falling in love costs you 2 friends, according to Oxford University.
Psychology fact: The only thing standing between you and your dreams is a lot of hard work.
Tickling brings people closer in relationships.
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
The brain releases so much dopamine during orgasms that a brain scan resembles that of someone on heroin.
The more you talk about that person to others, the more you fall in love with that person.
It's not the song that makes you emotional, it's the people and things that come to your mind when you hear it.
Cuddling strengthens the frontal lobe of the human brain, the region of the brain responsible for how you react to emotional stress.
Your dreams are mirrors. They reflect your inner most feelings about the world and the people around you.
When you see someone you’re interested in, what feels like butterflies in your stomach is actually a stress response caused by adrenaline.
You gain a lot of information about a man by the way he treats his mother, and by the way he carries himself in her presence.
Psychology says, unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be more painful once they come back.
The petition to deport Justin Bieber is the second most signed petition sent to the White House.
Psychology says that unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be even more painful once they come back.
Missing someone causes insomnia like symptoms. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail. It has nothing new to say.
Technomania is a psychological condition that best describes a person obsessed with technology: Computers, cell phone etc.
Your mind has the ability to detect and sense apparent danger. If you feel as if something's wrong, don't ignore that feeling.
There's a 95% that you are no longer friends with someone in which you once claimed as your " best friend. "
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness or the cause of your pain.
A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex.
Whatever you believe about yourself on the inside is what you will manifest on the outside.
You never really know the true value of a moment, until it becomes a memory
Social psychologists have found that the more a city's radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes.
Psychologists say, the people with the best advice have experienced a lot of issues in their own life.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but by their fear of failure and shyness.
"Scopophobia" is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others.
Life's not about the people who act true to your face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
The unhappiest people in this world are the people who care the most about what everyone else thinks.
Psychologists state it takes the brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.
Psychological Fact - It takes one minute to make someone's day, and one word to destroy someone's life.
Admitting you made a mistake will earn you respect and speed up the fixing process. Having an ego solves nothing.
A new study suggests that a small electrical current applied to the brain can boost your math performance for up to 6 months.
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
70% of women ask questions in which they already know the answer to. This is why it's best to simply tell her the truth.
Over thinking causes the human mind to create negative scenarios and or replay painful memories.
When a person misses or thinks about you, that individual is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Things always get worse before they get better. You have to just keep going.
Psychology says, sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Over thinking causes your brain to overheat.
Psychology says that intelligent people take less time off of work and school.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Every night you experience an endless battle with your thoughts and sleep, making it difficult to get rest.
The human brain isnÍt fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
Psychology says, when you delete the unnecessary people from your life, good things will start happening for you &amp; it won’t be a coincidence
According to American Psychology Association, there is a gene which turns people gay and lesbian and it's not a matter of choice.
The kindest people are usually the most mistreated.
You say "I'm fine" when you're not, "it's nothing" when it's everything, "I'm done" when you know you still wanna try.
People who walk at a quicker pace are generally seen as more confident and happier than those who walk at a slower pace.
Due to the angle at which the optic nerve enters the brain, staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms.
A "dinomaniac" is someone with the compulsive urge to dance – That term can also be used to describe someone who is obsessed with dinosaurs.
Over 70% of the most successful businesses in history were started by High school and College dropouts.
Psychology says, after being disappointed so many times, you begin to lose hope in everything.
It becomes painful to see someone lose interest in you, knowing that there’s nothing you can do to change it.
People often pretend to be happy simply because smiling tends to be easier than explaining to others why they're upset.
Japanese researchers have successfully developed a device that will be able to literally playback your dreams in video sequence.
The Titanic II is currently being built and will set sail in 2016.
People say "never give up" but sometimes giving up is the best option because you realize you're wasting your time.
Keep a piece of paper and pencil by your bed. Everyone always gets their best ideas at night!
There’s a brief moment when you first wake up where you have no memories, a blissful blank slate, a happy emptiness.
Tip: If you chew gum when you study a subject and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test it can help you remember.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but instead by their shyness and fear of failure.
Always go car shopping in the rain. No one wants to negotiate in the rain. The process will be quickened and most likely end in your favor.
Dancing often increases happiness.
Not arguing at all in a relationship represents a lack of interest. People who care about one another tend to argue now and again.
Psychology says, sometimes jealousy is your mind's way of showing you how much you care about someone.
You'll actually feel loneliness in the same part of the brain as where you feel physical pain.
Having a sarcastic personality enhances attractiveness because sarcasm is heavily associated with higher intelligence.
People who are stuck in traffic jams for more than an hour are 3 times more likely to suffer a heart attack than others.
Psychology says, It's a lot easier to admit being mad than it is to admit being hurt.
When cats bring back dead birds or mice to their owners, that is their way of teaching a human how to hunt or helping their human.
Generally, a single text from the right person can instantly relieve stress and improve your mood.
Be happy with what you have, while working for what you want.
Germany has paid $61.8 Billion to Jewish victims, to this day the U.S. has not paid $1 to African Americans for 400 years of brutal slavery.
Admit it, at this very moment...you're waiting for something that may never happen.
Psychology says: If you still talk about it.. you still care. You can pretend not to.. but your thoughts tell a different story.
Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
You can always see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
Some people aren’t antisocial, they’re just very selective when it comes to who they associate with.
Pretending you don’t have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
Your mind spends about 70% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments.
Not everything will go as you expect in your life. This is why you need to drop expectations, and go with the flow of life.
People with creative minds tend to have a harder time falling asleep at night, they prefer to stay up later.
Psychology shows that teenagers who spend much of their time listening to music are 8.3 times more likely to be depressed.
Psychologists say: The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
People kiss at weddings because kisses were used in ancient times to seal contracts.
Before going to bed, 93% people count that how many hours of sleep they're going to get.
Studies show that the Internet is making us lonely, depressed and possibly crazy.
Lonely people take longer, hotter showers or baths to replace the warmth they're lacking socially or emotionally.
Psychology - There’s a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
Every 10 years, you literally become a new person. Our desires, wants and needs change every 10 years.
Couples who spend at least 10 minutes a day laughing together are more likely to have a stronger relationship.
During pregnancy if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ.
The first thing on your mind as soon as you wake up either brings you happiness or pain &amp; sometimes both.
A great relationship is about 2 things: First, appreciating the similarities. Second, respecting the differences.
Psychologically, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get too close.
Some researchers say romantic love lasts for one year and after that, it’s more of an “attachment love.”
People who are sad are likely to spend more money than those who are happy.
Missing someone &amp; not being able to do anything about it generally makes people moody, easily annoyed &amp; or emotionally frustrated.
The hardest part about growing is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you’re not.
The ones who get upset at each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Playing video games has been proven to relieve tension, depression &amp; psychological pain caused by emotional trauma.
People in relationships dream about their significant other about 20% of the time.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
People only bring up your past when they are intimidated by your present.
Accidentally text the wrong person? Immediately put your phone on airplane mode and once it fails to deliver, delete the message
Cows moo in accents specific to their region, just like humans.
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Cuddling a baby, reading out-loud, cheating in school and getting a business degree are all good for an efficient mind.
Don't lead someone on. If you like someone, then tell them. If you just want to be friends, then don't make them think they have a chance.
According to a Oxford study, falling in love costs you two friends.
Worrying = Waste Of Time. Good and bad things will happen in life. You just have to keep living and not stress over what you can't control
Your anxiety doesn’t come from thinking about the future, it comes from trying to control it.
"Confabulation" is a phenomenon in which our brain convinces us to believe we've experienced something that's never happened.
Psychology states that happiness is a skill that everyone can learn.
Psychological studies suggest that pretending not to miss someone tricks the mind into missing that person even more.
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened.
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she no longer cares.
While in love, people typically become jealous, anger easily over small things, curious &amp; often worry about losing that individual.
More people are injured while having sex on couches than having sex anywhere else.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Homosexual behavior has been found in over 1,500 species. Homophobia is found in only one.
Positive thinking isn't expecting the best to happen every time. It's about accepting that whatever happens is the best for that moment
Psychologically, it is possible to still love someone even though you're not in love with them anymore.
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the one person you want the most...
Dating an awkward person is considered to be less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Psychology says, words don't have power to hurt you, unless that person means a lot to you.
When feeling depressed, do some cleaning. Straightening out the physical aspects of your life can also bring clarity to the mental ones.
An eccedentesiast is a person who hides their pain behind a smile.
The person who makes you the happiest is capable of causing you the most pain.
Just because one door closes, it doesn't mean you should go running through the next available door that opens. Stay calm. Be patient.
Psychology says, if you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
Marijuana, listening to music and eating chocolate are all ways in which help slow down the growth of cancer.
Psychology claims, the best things in life are usually found when you're not looking for them.
When you're happy, you enjoy the music. But, when you're sad, you understand the lyrics.
Would the five year old version of yourself look up to who you are now? Think about it.
Generally, strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.
Listening to music for an hour every day can reduce chronic pain by up to 21% and depression by up to 25%
Eating chocolate can also reduce the symptoms of stress.
Psychology: Distance doesn't necessarily ruin a relationship. You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love.
Grades don't always measure intelligence and age doesn't always define maturity
Always believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.
Ever had a dream where you're falling? This indicates that you have lost control of your life or have been abandoned.
When we meet somebody new, we only have 7 seconds to make a powerful first impression.
Loneliness causes people to take longer baths/showers, sleep longer and over think more.
People who get upset with each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Girls who have high trust with their Fathers, also have high trust with their Boyfriends.
Too much sitting makes you depressed.
Dark chocolate relieves depression.
Ironically, the human mind tends to forget the things it should remember &amp; remember the things it should forget.
85% of people use music to escape from daily emotional stress.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it.
Psychologically, the best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
According to some psychologists, you cannot find happiness until you stop searching for it.
Men find food more pleasurable than sex.
Psychologically, it is impossible to be just friends with someone you've fallen in love with, attempting to do so can drive you crazy.
Psychology says, making others happy can actually feel good, even when you aren't so happy yourself.
Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.
Anger triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty, that's when the truth comes out.
Life becomes easier when you can learn to accept an apology you never got.
Don't love what you can't trust. Don't hate what you can't have. Don't say what you can't show. Don't judge what you don't know.
Humans naturally have the urge to jump off of bridges, cliffs and other high places and this is totally normal.
Psychology says, there’s nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that’s when you really have something to lose.
Some people will pretend to care just so they can get a better seat to watch your struggle. Every helping hand isn't always there to help.
Couples who Kiss at least 3 times a day are less likely to suffer from depression and obesity.
Psychologists say a crush only lasts for 4 months - when feelings last longer, you are considered to be "in love......"
Psychology says that comparing yourself to others is the root cause for feelings of unhappiness and depression.
No relationship is ever a waste of your time. If it didn't bring you what you want, it taught you what you didn't want.
Men who have more trouble controlling laughter and also have more trouble controlling sexual arousal.
While 10% of the entire population is left-handed, 20% of twins are left-handed.
44% of lottery winners spend their entire earnings within 5 years.
Sarcasm has been proven to improve the minds ability to better understand and register new information.
The blast of air you feel when walking into a store prevents insects from flying in.
Men were the first to wear high heels around the 1600s. Women began wearing them to look more masculine.
Pixar literally created a better love story in 8 minutes in the movie UP than Twilight did in 4 movies.
Psychology says, pain doesn't always heal, you just learn to live with it.
People who regularly play video games are faster at making real-life decisions.
Having someone ask you " are you okay?" actually causes you to tear up even more when you're trying not to cry.
If your dog gets out, dont chase it. Instead, lie on the ground and pretend youre hurt. It will come back to see if youre okay.
Psychology says that people who let their romance blossom for a lengthy period of time are more likely to have a longer relationship.
Psychology says, people are generally content with how they look, until someone starts saying something negative about it.
The best things in life are usually found when you’re not looking for them.
There are at least 6 people in the world who look exactly like you. There's a 9% chance that you'll meet one of them in your lifetime.
Looking at someone whom you know really cares about you can actually help relieve stress, anxiety and psychological pain.
Psychologically, pretending not to miss someone literally causes the human mind to think about that individual even more.
Missing someone makes it harder to fall asleep at night.
Psychology - Therees a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
80% of people keep their feelings to themselves because they believe it's hard for others to understand their pain. Expand
The word “whore” actually stems from an old English word for “desire.”
The person on your mind while you're unable to sleep is usually responsible for your happiness, pain or both.
Sometimes your best friend understands you better than you understand yourself.
Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
Psychology says that when people in love stare into each other's eyes, their heart beats can start syncing together.
Psychology says, you never really lose friends, with time you just learn who your true ones are.
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.
The number of 'followers' you have does not make you better than anyone else. Hitler had millions, and Jesus had 12.
There's a big difference between ; who we love, who we settle for and who we're meant for.
Some people aren't actually anti social, they're just very selective when it comes to the people they associate with.
Our brain has a Negativity bias causing you to continually look for bad news.
Psychology shows that people who dance often are likely to have higher self-esteem and a more positive outlook on life.
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to present to her.
It’s better for you to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder.
The most sexually arousing aroma for women is a mix of Good &amp; Plenty and cucumber.
No offense means I’m about to hurt your feelings, but let’s pretend I didn't.
People don’t change based on what they know, they change based on what they feel.
Don't use Google to search for information for school essays. Use 
Placing an envelope in the fridge for an hour will unseal it. A good tip to know if you forgot to include something.
Psychological Fact: Your mind "rewrites" the speech of boring people to make it sound more interesting.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Someone somewhere is meeting the love of their life right now and that’s pretty cool
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they're actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
Psychology says, when you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that individual becomes beautiful.
Negative attitudes and complaining are contagious. That's why its best to surround yourself with happiness.
Psychology says, the reason why we care about the approval from strangers online is b/c they have no social obligation to lie to us.
Not having enough sex can put you at risk of anxiety paranoia and depression.
Psychology says, pretending to be happy when you are in pain, is just an example of how strong you are as a person.
Listening to music while working helps to create a positive mood, and helps you to become more productive.
Psychology says pain never really goes away; you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
Eating chocolate while studying helps the brain retain new information easily &amp; is directly linked to high test scores.
Admit it, at this very moment... you're waiting for something that may never happen.
People are more likely to cry at night because the lack of sleep makes emotions hard to control.
Dreaming requires more brain activity than any function that occurs when you're awake.
Being madly in love alters perception and ability to make sensible decisions which is why people do " stupid " things for love.
Smarter people and people with high IQs are more likely to fall for tricks and scams. They tend to think they're immune to mistakes.
When you really love someone, age, distance, height and weight are just numbers
Psychology says, comparing yourself to others is the root cause for feelings of unhappiness, self blame &amp; depression.
Marijuana has caused 0 deaths to date, but the U.S. government has executed over 325 people for dealing/growing it.
Phobatrivaphobia is a fear of trivia about phobias.
A person who becomes angry easily, often over silly things - subconsciously desires to be loved.
Psychologically, after being disappointed so many times, you begin to lose hope in everything.
Psychologists say a crush only lasts for 4 months. But when feelings last longer, you are considered to be "In Love".
Women subconsciously use the act of cuddling as self expression. Cuddling = " I trust you, I feel safe."
Women are more attracted to a man when he is holding a guitar.
Psychology says, what hurts you today, makes you stronger tomorrow.
When you see a cat, slowly blink at it. If it blinks back, the cat is content with you.
A high GPA looks good on paper, but networking and building friendships is what gets you a job.
The anticipation of interacting with a woman slows down a man's thinking process temporarily.
The brain overlooks the flaws of a person you are in love with, making it harder to leave them after they’ve hurt you.
After 3 to 4 months of having a crush on someone, you either fall in love with that person or become interested in someone new.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she doesn't care anymore
Studies show that men like women who wear less makeup.
Psychology says, attempting to convince yourself that you don't care about someone is a clear indicator that you really do.
Anglomania describes a person who is turned on by and or is obsessed with the British accent.
Cutting people from your life does not mean you hate them, it simply means, you respect yourself.
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Pain alters our personality.
Creating a little distance helps people recognize how much you actually mean to them.
If the only thing you have to fear is fear itself, you could be suffering from phobophobia: the fear of phobias.
Physical touch makes you healthier. Studies show that massages, hugs, and hand-holding reduces stress and boosts the immune system.
Missing someone causes insomnia. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles the right people will find their way into your life.
There is only one person you spend your whole life with, and that is yourself. If you aren't ok with you, there is an issue
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all key to a healthy brain.
It's possible to die from a broken heart; it's called Stress Cardiomyopathy.
The downside of being shy is that people misjudge you as thinking you're better than others just because you're quiet.
Psychology says: Life doesn't change, but people do. Learn to accept that not everybody is who you thought you knew.
Psychological theory: Care too little, you might lose them. Care too much, you might get hurt.
Alcohol triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty which is why people are more honest when intoxicated.
Your brain burns 20% of your daily calorie intake, despite only being 2% of your body mass.
I don’t think people understand how stressful it is to explain what’s going on in your head when you don’t even understand it yourself.
Psychologically, trying to forget being hurt by someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
Singing while in the shower strengthens the immune system and reduces risk of heart disease.
A cat's brain is more similar to a human brain than it is to a dog's brain. Humans and cats have identical regions responsible for emotion.
Psychologically, one of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you did the best you could and it still wasn't good enough.
In order to completely burn off one plain m&amp;m, you'd have to walk the distance of an entire football field.
Your brain is programmed to make 3 things impossible to ignore: food, sex, and danger.
Psychology says, depression is often the result of over thinking, our minds create problems that initially didn't exist.
Psychologically, there’s nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that’s when you really have something to lose.
A study suggests that people who lose their virginity after the age of 19 will attain a higher level of education and make more money.
People with awkward and weird personalities tend to make the best friends
Sometimes, the thing you most want, doesn't happen. And sometimes, the thing you never expect to happen, does.
The more you ignore your feelings, the more painful your emotions become.
We never "lose" friends, we just learn who our real ones are.
A "good morning beautiful" text can drastically change a woman's attitude for an entire day.
Singing exercises your heart, lungs and releases endorphins, making you feel good.
The human mind tends to get addicted to the things that take away the pain and relieve mental stress.
"Negaholics" are people who become addicted to self-doubt and negativity. They find the bad in most things and are hardly ever satisfied.
Scientist say, our dreams can often warn us of things that have yet to happen.
Over thinking literally causes the human mind to create negative scenarios &amp; replay painful memories.
If you aren't happy single, you won't be happy taken. Happiness comes from within, not from a relationship.
Try not to say anything negative about anyone for a week, month, or year. Watch what happens to your life.
Apologizing does not always mean you are wrong. It just means that you value your relationships more than your ego.
Pretending you don't have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
People who sleeps late have more mental stamina and can outperform early risers.
People who care use words to express it, people who really care use actions.
Don’t let yourself be controlled by these three things: your past, people and money. Easiest way to achieve happiness.
Women who remain loyal/faithful while in a relationship, live longer than those who would rather cheat, studies suggest.
Psychology says, sometimes creating a little distance will help people recognize how much you actually mean to them.
The human mind spends most of it's time replaying memories over and over with the desire to relive them.
78% of the time, the people who are always trying to cheer others up are unhappy themselves.
Psychology says, never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Music helps to reduce anxiety, and also helps the human mind and body get through stressful times
Psychologically, one of the most painful goodbyes is when you know that the next time you meet, the hello won't be the same.
The worst thing about getting close to someone is the thought that at any point, they could lose interest in you.
Negaholics are people who become addicted to negativity and self-doubt. They find fault in most things and never seem to be satisfied.
Women who enjoy cuddling tend to make better girlfriends, wives as well as mothers.
Men are actually more emotionally affected by relationship troubles than women -- They just do a better job of hiding it.
Twitter is healthy for the brain. Reading a tweet triggers brain stimulation similar to reading an informative book.
When people say " you've changed " there's a 95% chance that you just stopped acting the way they wanted you to.
Everyone has experienced something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime.
When you smile, it releases endorphins (which make you feel better) even if you fake a smile.
Don't make decisions when you're angry. Don't make promises when you're happy.
Forgiveness has health benefits! Forgiving others can alleviate back pain, depression, headaches, and lower your blood pressure.
Psychology says, when we focus only on what we want, we lose sight of what we really need.
Studies suggest that people who appear to be constantly distracted have more “working memory” and “sharper brains.”
Life is so weird. You go from wanting to be an adult to wishing you were a kid again
Missing someone often causes insomnia. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
Cuddling - a great way to manage stress and reduce the harmful effects of anxiety on the female brain.
Ancient myths claim, when people you know appear in your dreams it's because that person desires to see you.
Listening to music for an hour each day can help reduce chronic pain by 21% and depression by up to 25%.
Women have smaller brains than men, but women also use their brains more efficiently than men.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're being fake. It means you're mature enough to tolerate that individual.
Psychologically, attempting to suppress negative emotional memories can destroy you and push you further into depression and psychosis.
You only need two close friends in which you can trust and dedicate yourself to. Having too many friends can lead to depression and stress.
Psychological Fact - The person you know whom secretly thinks of you before going to sleep is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Your ears line up with your nipples.
Over-thinking ruins you, ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry &amp; just makes everything much worse than it actually is.
Psychology says - Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that’s the one that is going to help you grow.
A man who tests positive on a pregnancy test could indicate he has testicular cancer.
The brain named itself.
90% of people will text things that they could never say in person.
Psychology says, it becomes difficult to accept the truth when the lies told to you were exactly what you wanted to hear.
When you eat your food slowly it causes better digestion, reduce stress, helps you lose weight, and enjoy your food!
Psychology states that feelings of guilt can weaken your immune system.
Psychology says, It takes a second to make a mistake, but a lifetime to try and forget it was your fault.
Your entire life consists of: Education for 12 years, College for 4 years, &amp; working until you die.
Insomnia is more common for those who have a high IQ. Intelligent people have a harder time switching off their brain.
I donÍt think people understand how stressful it is to explain whatÍs going on in your head when you donÍt even understand it yourself.
Fat burning foods: grapefruit, watermelon, berries, hot peppers, celery, greek yogurt, eggs, fish, green tea, coffee, water, oatmeal.
" No offense " literally means " I'm about to insult you but don't get mad. "
Caffeine is bad for you, fat is bad you, sugar is bad for you. But don't worry, because worrying is bad for you too.
Age has no direct link to life experience and maturity. You may be young but you've already been through a lot.
Thantophobia, the fear of losing someone you love.
When a woman is attracted to a man, she speaks in a higher pitch than normal.
Psychology says, even the good memories can hurt when you miss someone bad enough.
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive.
85% of people admit to being easily annoyed by the intense desire to talk to someone but refusing to text that person first.
An instant change in mood from happiness to sad indicates that you're missing someone.
It only takes one lie to completely change a person's perception of who you are.
Psychology: When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Just because someone isn't exactly what you're looking for, doesn't mean they're not exactly who you need.
Generally, you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
Psychology says, real love is someone who won't stay mad at you, who can't stand not talking to you &amp; who's afraid of losing you.
You only live once is literally a false statement. You live everyday, you only die once.
Our imaginations run wild when attempting to sleep. We experience our deepest thoughts when our bodies are at rest.
Psychologically, one of the most devastating things in life is when someone you care about gives up on you.
Men tend to fall in love faster than women and are more likely to take the lead during the initial stages of a relationship.
If you're 16 &amp; older, there's a 60% chance that you've already met the person you'll one day marry.
The loneliest people are the kindest. The saddest people smile the brightest. The most damaged people are the wisest.
Intelligent people are more creative during the night. They experience high levels of mental stimulation, which makes it hard to sleep.
Sometimes you can’t explain what you see in a person. It’s just the way they take you to a place where no one else can.
Psychology says, pain never really goes away; you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
Scientists have created a scientific version of marijuana called 'Dimethylheptylpyran'. When smoked, it'll keep you high for at least 3 day…
82% of the time, those people who always try to cheer others up are the unhappiest.
People automatically assume that you're mad at them when you're quiet. This is sometimes due to a guilty conscious.
Before you say something to someone, take a second and imagine how you'd feel if they said it to you.
Marry someone who is ambitious, happy, healthy and has a sense of humor, this will add 5 to 10 years to your life expectancy?
“I’m sorry” is a statement. “I won’t do it again” is a promise. “How do I make it up to you?” is a responsibility.
When a woman is called baby?, it has a positive effect on the female brain. This causes instant emotional stress relief!
Sadness increases the urge to sleep more.
1 out of 5 adults urinate in public swimming pools, this is what causes the redness of the eyes, not chlorine
Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.
Psychologically, damaged people are the strongest b/c they know they can survive anything. Pain strengthens the mind.
Pretending not to miss someone can trick your mind into missing them more.
Our brains have a negativity bias and will remember negative memories more than good ones. This helps us to better protect ourselves.
Psychology suggest that sometimes you love someone so much that not even the truth can change your mind.
When deprived of dreams, people will become irritable, disoriented and subject to hallucinations.
One of the best ways to measure people is to watch the way they behave when something free is offered.
Best friends are capable of having conversations that are sometimes impossible to understand by other people
Repeating a common word over and over until it loses all meaning and sounds weird is called semantic satiation.
According to a survey, emotional/mental pain is one of the biggest sleep distractions in the world.
People who feel an urge to correct other people’s grammar are actually suffering from a form of OCD, Grammar Pedantry Syndrome.
Laughter is a panic response when someone tickles you. That's why it's harder to tickle yourself, as your body hardly senses any real danger
Psychology says, when you truly care for someone, their mood can literally affect yours.
You can't see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you can't see the truths in your life in a state of anger.
Vibrators were originally used to treat hysteria in women.
Pain alters our personality. Everyone has a story, there's a reason why they're the way they are.
Psychology says that too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
When feeling depressed, do some cleaning. Straightening out the physical aspects of your life can also bring clarity to the mental ones.
Scientists say posting photos of your food to Instagram before eating it makes it taste better.
A homeless man held up and robbed a bank for $1, then sat down and waited for police to arrest him so he could receive healthcare in prison.
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.
You're not afraid to fall in love, you're just afraid of falling for the wrong person.
Ironically, you can always tell when someone like's someone else but you can't tell if someone likes you or not.
60% of people spend most nights remembering past conversations, imagining what they should have said instead!
Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you dont care, but because they don't.
Psychology states that girls who trust their fathers to tend to have better communication and longer relationships with their boyfriends.
Delete your browser cookies before you buy airline tickets. Ticket prices go up when you visit travel sites multiple times.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
Psychology says, no matter how angry you get, you always end up forgiving the people you love.
Sarcasm literally prevents brain damage and stabilizes the human mind.
Playing video games has been proven to relieve tension, depression &amp; psychological pain caused by emotional trauma.
Crying is good for your health. It flushes unhealthy bacteria out of your body, strengthening the immune system and relieving stress.
Wait 4-6 months before becoming to attached, it's generally in this time in which a person's true motives are revealed.
Your dreams can often be used to unlock subconscious feelings about the world and those around you.
"Psychology says, pretending to be happy when you are in pain, is just an example of how strong you are as a person."
Psychology says, If you aren't happy single, you won’t be happy taken. Happiness comes from within, not from people.
Bigorexia is a disorder in which a person becomes obsessed with working out because they aren't muscular enough.
(Psychology says) We must hurt in order to grow, fail in order to know, and lose in order to gain.
Dreams carry more weight and meaning than our conscious thoughts while awake. 70% of your dreams contain secret messages.
Lip biting triggers a rush of chemicals to the brain which reduces stress, anxiety and boost in mood..
Refrigerators work more efficiently if they’re full.
People who are considered extremely creative tend to sleep more &amp; are often misjudged as being lazy!
Bad handwriting? Keep this in mind: more intelligent people tend to think faster, and as a result their handwriting is more sloppy.
Ironically, the people who ignore you now will somehow need you later.
80% of people keep their feelings to themselves because they believe it’s hard for others to understand their pain.
Psychology claims that over thinking can cause the mind to experience "emotional hangovers" which leads to depression.
Psychology says, the best things in life are usually found when you are not looking for them.
You will never really hate the person once they come into your dream. Dreaming about the person force you to like them.
Psychological Fact: Some feelings never really go away, we just tend to avoid and ignore them.
According to psychological facts: The inability to fall asleep at night means you're awake in someone's dream.
A woman's kindness if often mistaken for flirting.
As you become close to someone, you can hear their voice in your head when you read their texts.
Psychology says, relationships are always stronger when you are best friends first, a couple second.
Most woman's breasts aren't identical - one is usually about a fifth of a cup bigger than the other.
"Derealization" is an actual condition where a person with anxiety feels like they're going crazy and the world seems unreal.
Don’t be afraid of change. Change happens for a reason. Roll with it. It won’t be easy, but it will be worth it.
Remember, the girls who say, "a lot of guys are after me", should keep in mind that low prices always attract many customers.
Holding the hand of someone you love is proven to relieve stress and reduce pain.
Psychology says, people don't necessarily change, they just become who they were supposed to be which comes with growing up.
People who hide their feelings usually care the most
Girl love guys who can be a monster in bed with them like this.Check my Last retweet and try this before having sex.
The female mind's ability to identify verbal clues, voice tone &amp; body language, enables her to know when a person is lying.
The person currently on your mind is either the reason for your pain or happiness.
Psychological studies claim: Sadness improves your memory, strengthening the ability to recall past events.
The more we get to know someone, the more attractive they become. We even see them as more physically attractive.
People who feel an urge to correct other people’s grammar are suffering from a form of OCD, Grammar Pedantry Syndrome.
Touching or feeling money can help you overcome negative physical and emotional experiences.
You are in love if your crush for someone stays with you longer than 4 month, a psychological study suggests.
Generally, people assume you’re being rude when you’re actually being honest.
The human brain isn't fully functional for learning until after 10 AM, science has proved that schools begin way too early.
If you don't do wild things while you're young, You'll have nothing to smile about when you're old.
Dancing, singing and masturbating are all proven ways to fight depression.
The best portions of your life will be small and nameless moments with people who genuinely matter to you.
Don't use a song you like as an alarm to wake up. You'll end up hating it.
Psychologists believe you should forget about all the reasons why it wont work &amp; believe the one reason why it will.
People who speak two languages, may unconsciously change their personality when they switch languages.
Women generally care more within a relationship but are also more likely to walk away and stay away once reaching a breaking point.
"I love you" means that I accept you for the person that you are, and that I do not wish to change you into someone else.
Lazy people accomplish more. Their laziness actually enables them to find the easiest &amp; quickest ways to get things done.
People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark.
When two people share a common dislike of another person, it brings them closer. Most friendships begin this way.
The most common time to randomly wake up is around 3 to 5am, it is at this time that the one who loves you is thinking about you.
The worst type of person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
The moment you feel like you have to prove your worth to someone is the moment you need to walk away from them.
84% of people remain quiet even when they really want to say something in order to avoid an argument with someone they care about.
Psychological, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get to close.
Pediophobia is the fear of dolls.
Psychology states that cuddling triggers the same neurological reaction as taking painkillers.
The best person in your life is the one who comes first in your mind after reading this sentence
The purpose of dreaming is to help clean up the clutter from the mind and provide a temporary relief from a stressful life.
There's never a "right time" to wait for. So whenever you get the chance, take a risk.
Psychology says, love isn't when there are no fights in the relationship. Love is when once the fight ends, love is still there.
Angry? Take a deep breath before you speak, because your mouth acts quicker than your brain.
Knowledge is having information. Intelligence is the ability to use it in your advantage. Wisdom is being yourself in the process.
Sleeping is a cure to forget about pain, problems, stress and everything for a while.
Psychology says, there's nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that's when you really have something to lose.
A person who seems jealous or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.
Gamophobia is the fear or marriage, relationships or commitment.
Having sex doesn't make you a slut, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Music can help you maintain great mental sharpness, increasing your mind's awareness while reducing risk of mental disorders.
People who are angry with each other for the silly little things, are usually the ones who care about each other the most.
Laziness is just a natural part of being a teenager and doesn't reflect bad behavior.
The way you dress determines the way people react to you. Especially your shoes. Dress well.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.
Being a gentleman never goes out of style.
The smell of gasoline triggers the region of the brain associated with pleasure which is why so many people enjoy it.
You are more likely to confess true emotions during late night text conversations
Psychologically, one of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you did the best you could &amp; it still wasn't good enough.
Everyone talks about leaving a better planet for our kids. Let’s try to leave better kids for our planet.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesn’t mean you've got nothing to say. It means you don’t think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they’re actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
The worst types of 'friends' are those who try and knock you down to make themselves feel better.
Want to avoid over thinking? Focus on what to do next instead of worrying about what went wrong.
Not arguing or fighting in a relationship represents a lack of interest. People who care about one another tend to argue sometimes.
When you fall in love with someone's personality, everything about that person tends to become beautiful.
Never Forget; -who your true friends are -who truly loves you -who you truly are
A woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. Arguing less occurs when she's less interested.
Psychology says, forgiving is not forgetting. It's letting go of the hurt?
Left-handed people earn less money, score lower on tests and have more emotional problems on average than right-handed people.
"Musicomania" is a condition where a person's passion for music (or a song) becomes so strong, it prevents them from functioning properly.
Your mind is currently tired of wishing, hoping and waiting for something that most likely will never happen.
Hugging and or holding hands with the person you love has been proven to reduce stress almost instantly.
Music is so influential on the brain that the type you listen to actually has the ability to change the way you think and look at the world
Memories can either make you smile, or literally break you down into tears.
When stressed by a situation(s), take a moment to think whether you will even remember this event in 5 years.
Hating the sound of someone breathing or eating is called "misophonia" and is an actual brain disorder.
When in love, the human mind tends to ignore a person's flaws causing it to be difficult to leave someone who causes you pain
Sometimes the best way to love a friend who’s going through hard times, is to simply be there, and to give the gift of presence.
A person who seems jealous are or clingy is actually someone who cares the most.
Never get too attached to someone unless they feel the same towards you. One sided expressions actually destroy you mentally.
Marijuana usage can assist in slowing down the growth of cancer cells.
When you delete the unnecessary people from your life, good things will start happening for you and it won’t be a coincidence.
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables.
Psychologically, what screws us up most in life is the picture in our head of how things are supposed to be. Over thinking things.
The fear of remaining unmarried or marrying the wrong person is called “anuptaphobia” and affects almost 50% of women.
People will hate you, rate you, break you, and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
Ironically, people tend to change their attitude towards you when you begin treating them the way they treat you.
Too much homework has a negative impact on a person's memory as well as overall health. Also leads to clinical depression.
If you think someone is staring at you, look at your watch. If they look at theirs, you know they've been staring.
Psychology: Constant disappointment causes a person to develop a lifetime of trust and commitment issues.
Soteriophobia is a psychological condition in which causes a person to refuse depending on others out of fear of being disappointed.
When people say "you've changed " there's a 95% chance that you just stopped acting the way they wanted you to.
Life becomes more meaningful when you realize the simple fact that you'll never get the same moment twice.
Attempting to convince yourself that you don't care about someone is a clear indicator that you really do.
Just because someone doesn’t react, it doesn’t mean they don’t notice.
Women who prefer to have more male friends than female friends are happier, healthier and tend to live longer.
“Dysania” is the state of finding it hard to get out of bed in the morning.
The worst person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
You only get mad because you care. Anger is often an expression only shown towards people &amp; things you care about the most.
According to Discovery, scientists have recently discovered certain brain parasites that can facilitate a Zombie Apocalypse.
A woman will only argue with someone she truly cares for. If she completely stops arguing, she's probably no longer interested.
People who are angry or upset tend to be more attentive and critical of their surroundings than those who are happy.
Muhammad is the most common first name in the entire world.
Smoking marijuana improves creativity and problem solving skills.
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail. It has nothing new to say.
The sentence "Are you as bored as I am?" can be said backwards and still make sense.
The first person you think of in the morning or last person you think of in the night is either the cause of your happiness or your pain.
Women who don't get enough sleep tend to be easily aggravated and or annoyed by others, especially by other women.
Marijuana has a much greater effect on the brains of teenage females than teenage males.
Whenever you're feeling down, remember, you're the sperm that won
Psychology says: The more loyal you are, the more disappointment you encounter and experience.
Psychology says, " romantic love " tends to last for only a year. Anything longer than that becomes " attachment love. "
People who are more likeable and attractive are generally perceived as more intelligent. This is called the “Halo Effect.”
Emotional pain lasts for 10 to 20 minutes, anything longer is actually self inflicted by over thinking, making things worse.
The first person that you think of in the morning is either the cause of your happiness or the cause of your pain.
Your mind has the ability to detect and sense apparent danger. If you feel as if something's wrong, don't ignore that feeling.
Psychology says, the saddest people tend to also seem like the nicest.
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.
Just because someone has been in your life for many years, doesn’t mean there shouldn’t be a point at which you finally decide to let go.
There's a 95% that you are no longer friends with someone in which you once claimed as your " best friend. "
Over thinking causes the human mind to create negative scenarios and or replay painful memories.
A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex.
Whatever you believe about yourself on the inside is what you will manifest on the outside.
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
Based on a psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but by their fear of failure and shyness.
Missing someone causes insomnia like symptoms. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
A new study suggests that a small electrical current applied to the brain can boost your math performance for up to 6 months.
Keep a piece of paper and pencil by your bed. Everyone always gets their best ideas at night!
"Scopophobia" is the morbid fear of being seen or stared at by others.
70% of women ask questions in which they already know the answer to. This is why it's best to simply tell her the truth.
Psychologists state it takes the brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone.
The unhappiest people in this world are the people who care the most about what everyone else thinks.
Things always get worse before they get better. You have to just keep going.
There’s a brief moment when you first wake up where you have no memories, a blissful blank slate, a happy emptiness.
Psychology says The most dangerous lies are the lies you tell yourself.
Self-centered people are more likely to suffer from heart disease and have heart attacks.
When a person misses or thinks about you, that individual is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Every night you experience an endless battle with your thoughts and sleep, making it difficult to get rest.
Germany has paid $61.8 Billion to Jewish victims, to this day the U.S. has not paid $1 to African Americans for 400 years of brutal slavery.
Each day the human mind spends over 80% of it's time over thinking &amp; worrying.
People often pretend to be happy simply because smiling tends to be easier than explaining to others why they're upset.
Generally, a single text from the right person can instantly relieve stress and improve your mood.
Not arguing at all in a relationship represents a lack of interest. People who care about one another tend to argue now and again.
Psychology says, when you finally let go of the past, something better comes along.
Psychology says, sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Having a sarcastic personality enhances attractiveness because sarcasm is heavily associated with higher intelligence.
Life's not about the people who act true to your face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
Admitting you made a mistake will earn you respect and speed up the fixing process. Having an ego solves nothing.
Some people aren’t antisocial, they’re just very selective when it comes to who they associate with.
Psychological Fact - It takes one minute to make someone's day, and one word to destroy someone's life.
Psychology says that intelligent people take less time off of work and school.
Japanese researchers have successfully developed a device that will be able to literally playback your dreams in video sequence.
The Titanic II is currently being built and will set sail in 2016.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but instead by their shyness and fear of failure.
Tip: If you chew gum when you study a subject and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test it can help you remember.
Dancing often increases happiness.
Psychology says, It's a lot easier to admit being mad than it is to admit being hurt.
Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
Be happy with what you have, while working for what you want.
People say "never give up" but sometimes giving up is the best option because you realize you're wasting your time.
When cats bring back dead birds or mice to their owners, that is their way of teaching a human how to hunt or helping their human.
Pretending you don’t have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.
People who are stuck in traffic jams for more than an hour are 3 times more likely to suffer a heart attack than others.
Psychology - There’s a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they really are.
Psychology says: If you still talk about it.. you still care. You can pretend not to.. but your thoughts tell a different story.
You can always see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
Before going to bed, 93% people count that how many hours of sleep they're going to get.
Psychologists say: The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
People in relationships dream about their significant other about 20% of the time.
Psychology shows that teenagers who spend much of their time listening to music are 8.3 times more likely to be depressed.
Not everything will go as you expect in your life. This is why you need to drop expectations, and go with the flow of life.
People with creative minds tend to have a harder time falling asleep at night, they prefer to stay up later.
A great relationship is about 2 things: First, appreciating the similarities. Second, respecting the differences.
Studies show that the Internet is making us lonely, depressed and possibly crazy.
Psychology says, sometimes jealousy is your mind's way of showing you how much you care about someone.
You'll actually feel loneliness in the same part of the brain as where you feel physical pain.
The first thing on your mind as soon as you wake up either brings you happiness or pain &amp; sometimes both.
Missing someone &amp; not being able to do anything about it generally makes people moody, easily annoyed &amp; or emotionally frustrated.
Your mind spends about 70% of it’s time replaying memories and creating scenarios of perfect moments.
People kiss at weddings because kisses were used in ancient times to seal contracts.
Admit it, at this very moment...you're waiting for something that may never happen.
Your anxiety doesn’t come from thinking about the future, it comes from trying to control it.
Some researchers say romantic love lasts for one year and after that, it’s more of an “attachment love.”
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
Couples who spend at least 10 minutes a day laughing together are more likely to have a stronger relationship.
Every 10 years, you literally become a new person. Our desires, wants and needs change every 10 years.
Lonely people take longer, hotter showers or baths to replace the warmth they're lacking socially or emotionally.
More people are injured while having sex on couches than having sex anywhere else.
Psychologically, disappointment can change a person's outlook on relationships causing them push others away when they get too close.
During pregnancy if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ.
According to a Oxford study, falling in love costs you two friends.
Cuddling a baby, reading out-loud, cheating in school and getting a business degree are all good for an efficient mind.
The hardest part about growing is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you’re not.
People only bring up your past when they are intimidated by your present.
Worrying = Waste Of Time. Good and bad things will happen in life. You just have to keep living and not stress over what you can't control
Psychological studies suggest that pretending not to miss someone tricks the mind into missing that person even more.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
People who are sad are likely to spend more money than those who are happy.
Accidentally text the wrong person? Immediately put your phone on airplane mode and once it fails to deliver, delete the message
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
The ones who get upset at each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened.
Dating an awkward person is less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
"Confabulation" is a phenomenon in which our brain convinces us to believe we've experienced something that's never happened.
Psychology states that happiness is a skill that everyone can learn.
Psychology says, if you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
Psychologically, it is possible to still love someone even though you're not in love with them anymore.
An eccedentesiast is a person who hides their pain behind a smile.
Homosexual behavior has been found in over 1,500 species. Homophobia is found in only one.
Don't lead someone on. If you like someone, then tell them. If you just want to be friends, then don't make them think they have a chance.
Just because one door closes, it doesn't mean you should go running through the next available door that opens. Stay calm. Be patient.
Psychology says, words don't have power to hurt you, unless that person means a lot to you.
Marijuana, listening to music and eating chocolate are all ways in which help slow down the growth of cancer.
Cows moo in accents specific to their region, just like humans.
While in love, people typically become jealous, anger easily over small things, curious &amp; often worry about losing that individual.
Dark chocolate relieves depression.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she no longer cares.
Positive thinking isn't expecting the best to happen every time. It's about accepting that whatever happens is the best for that moment
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the one person you want the most...
Generally, strangers can become best friends just as easy as best friends can become strangers.
When you're happy, you enjoy the music. But, when you're sad, you understand the lyrics.
Ever had a dream where you're falling? This indicates that you have lost control of your life or have been abandoned.
Psychology claims, the best things in life are usually found when you're not looking for them.
Always believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.
When we meet somebody new, we only have 7 seconds to make a powerful first impression.
Dating an awkward person is considered to be less stressful. You laugh and have more fun which improves quality of life and overall health.
Grades don't always measure intelligence and age doesn't always define maturity
Would the five year old version of yourself look up to who you are now? Think about it.
Girls who have high trust with their Fathers, also have high trust with their Boyfriends.
Psychology: Distance doesn't necessarily ruin a relationship. You don't have to see someone everyday to be in love.
Too much sitting makes you depressed.
Men find food more pleasurable than sex.
Loneliness causes people to take longer baths/showers, sleep longer and over think more.
People who get upset with each other over the stupidest things are usually the ones who care the most.
Psychologically, the best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
The person who makes you the happiest is capable of causing you the most pain.
Listening to music for an hour every day can reduce chronic pain by up to 21% and depression by up to 25%
Eating chocolate can also reduce the symptoms of stress.
85% of people use music to escape from daily emotional stress.
Ironically, the human mind tends to forget the things it should remember &amp; remember the things it should forget.
Psychologically, it is impossible to be just friends with someone you've fallen in love with, attempting to do so can drive you crazy.
According to some psychologists, you cannot find happiness until you stop searching for it.
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it.
Psychology says, making others happy can actually feel good, even when you aren't so happy yourself.
Red roses symbolize love. Yellow, friendship. Dark pink, gratitude. Orange, desire. Peach, appreciation. White, purity.
Psychology says, people tend to value memories more than actual people. Sometimes you miss the memories, not the actual person.
Psychology says, staying quiet doesnÍt mean you've got nothing to say. It means you donÍt think they're ready to hear your thoughts.
Philophobia describes someone who fears falling in love, refusing to open up &amp; allow anyone close enough to hurt them.
Psychologist say, cutting people from your life does not mean you hate them, it simply means, you respect yourself.
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from usage, Cigarettes kills millions and they are legal and can be purchased anywhere.
Psychology says, people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
The brain is more active at night than it is during the day.
People who curse a lot tend to be more honest, upfront, and loyal with their friends and family.
Listening to sad songs actually creates positive emotions.
In many cases, relationships should have a second chance. The exception is cheating. Never take someone back who cheats.
People who eat plenty sweets tend to have brighter personalities, happier and less likely to suffer from depression.
Psychology says, people don’t always need advice. Sometimes all they need is a hand to hold, an ear to listen &amp; a heart to understand.
Your mind can sense someone staring at you even while asleep. Which explains why you randomly wake up during the night.
Hearing your name being called, when no one has actually called your name, is a likely sign of a healthy mind
Eating a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie while depressed can instantly improve your mood and fight the physical effects of depression.
Hungry and want a ride home? Go to the local pizza shop, order a pizza for delivery, and get a ride home with the driver.
Psychology is the brain trying to comprehend itself.
The scientist who developed the vaccine to fight leprosy is almost 100 years old, and he is still working to find a vaccine for cancer.
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there is a 85% chance that someone is watching you.
Sometimes you have to go through the worst in order to get to the best.
The older you get, the less people you trust.
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive
A person usually makes a lot of hand gestures when telling a true story. When telling a lie a person's hands will stay noticeably still
If everyone in the world washed their hands properly, a million lives could be saved every year.
Sometimes trusting a friend is the hardest thing to do. Even the closest friends can become your enemies.
The brain naturally craves 4 things: Food, Sex, Water and Sleep.
A new study suggests that marijuana increases positivity and reduces the negativity in emotional processing.
Psychology says, pain makes you stronger. Fear causes you to become braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles, the right people will find their way into your life.
"I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it." - Bill Gates
People who are really in love tend to get jealous over stupid things.
As much as 6 percent of the world's population suffers from sex addiction.
Strong willed women tend to come off as cold or " mean " simply because they refuse to be taken for granted &amp; or mistreated.
The biggest reason the mind has such a hard time being happy is because of it's inability to let go and move on from a painful past.
Psychology says, sometimes a person's silence means "I'm tired of explaining to people who will never even care to understand."
Love and lust activate different parts of the brain.
Boredom causes the mind to over think. People are less depressed and happier when kept busy.
Sometimes the people who don't talk to us are the ones that really want to.
You see better when you are scared.
Psychology says that children of strict parents tend to be sneakier.
If two past lovers can remain friends, they're either still in love or never were.
Don't avoid cameras during your years in school or on vacation/holiday. You might not want to now, but you'll appreciate it later.
"Asymbolia" is a condition that causes people to be immune to feeling pain.
Watching scary movies can have lasting effects on children and teens that may psychologically affect them well into adulthood.
Sarcasm was created to confuse the stupid.
Fasting for 16 hours resets your body's natural sleep/wake up cycle and is an effective way to overcome jetlag.
When you become really close to someone, you can hear their voice in your head when you read their texts.
Atelophobia is a condition that causes people to over think and obsess over the thought of not being good enough.
Making others happy can actually feel good, even when you aren't so happy yourself.
Psychologically, It becomes increasingly difficult to forget the people who gave you so much to remember.
If a single teacher can't teach us all the subjects then how can you expect a single student to learn all the subjects?
When a person laughs too much, even on stupid things, that person is sad deep inside. When a person sleeps a lot, that person is lonely.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Psychology says, the person who brings out the best in you &amp; makes you strong, is actually your weakness.
Usually, the people with the best advice are the one's with the most problems
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she doesn't care anymore.
Things that keep you up at night: loneliness, cold, heat, hunger, late night texting, memories, over thinking, worries, the internet.
(Psychology says) Rejecting new relationships because you were hurt or disappointed in the past solves nothing
Not being able to sleep at night may indicate that you're awake in someone's dream, psychology claims.
Women tell an average of 11 lies a week. Men, 58.
Your height is usually determined by your father. Intelligence, emotional strength and body shape is determined by the mother.
According to a study conducted at UC Berkeley, the happiest marriages are those where the wife is able to calm down quickly after arguments.
It takes an average of 252 licks to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop.
25% of women claim they would give up sex for a month, in exchange for clearer skin.
Listen carefully to how a person speaks about other people to you. This is how they will speak about you to other people!
Women with higher IQs have the hardest time finding a mate. Intelligent women would rather remain single than be with the wrong person.
To clear a stuffy nose easily you can push your tongue against roof of mouth, then press finger between eyebrows. Repeat 20 seconds.
A psychological study found that people who are generally 'too nice' are also the ones to get hurt the most.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.
Studies show that men and women experience the same amount of emotion but women tend to be more honest about them.
Psychology claims that we automatically develop better advice for other people than the advice we give to ourselves.
Music is stored in the most sensitive region of the brain which is why certain songs can evoke a strong emotional response.
Psychology says, we automatically develop better advice for others than the advice we give ourselves.
Facebook causes you to overestimate how happy your friends are and, in turn, makes you more depressed.
Being single will save you a thousand times more stress than being in the wrong relationship.
Intelligent women have an easier time identifying deception, sarcasm and lies.
When a person lies, the temperature of their nose rises -- This is known as the “Pinocchio Effect.”
Psychology says humans are becoming less and less empathetic. Today, we care about others 40% less than people in the 1980s did.
The brain has an "automatic penis maintenance function" to force erections if unused for too long.
Sometimes you need to be alone in order to reflect life. Take time out to take care of yourself. You deserve it.
Every seven years, you lose about half of your friends and replace them with new people.
Never underestimate the pain of a person, everyone is struggling. Just some people are better at hiding it than others.
People with blue eyes tend to perform better in academic careers than people with brown eyes.
Giving up and moving on are two very different things.
People are more likely to assume you're arguing with them when you're actually just explaining why you're right.
A study conducted by Harvard Researchers found women are happier when their male partners open up about being upset.
Being " cold " and or " heartless " is often a defense mechanism that women use to avoid getting hurt.
Psychology suggest, some people aren't meant to be in our lives forever. Some just pass through to teach us a lesson.
Psychologically, the only feeling of real loss is when you love someone more than yourself.
Smiles are the most deceptive facial expression. There are around 18 different smiles, including polite, cruel, fake and flirt.
You don't need everyone to like you. You'll be much happier if you stop trying.
If two people are having a dispute, the angrier one tends to be wrong. This is because anger can cloud judgement.
Psychology says, the person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest..
Smarter people tend to make sarcastic comments quicker than people who aren’t as smart.
Scientists concluded that the chicken came first not the egg: because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens.
(Psychology says) The best way to really appreciate someone is to imagine your life without them.
People who work on the weekend are easily annoyed by others, often considered as being moody.
Your " gut feelings " should be taken seriously. If you truly feel that there's something wrong then SOMETHING IS WRONG!
Never get too attached to anyone unless they also feel the same towards you, because one sided expectations can mentally destroy you.
Just because someone isn't exactly what you're looking for, doesn't mean they're not exactly who you need
Cuddling tend to literally put a woman in a peaceful state of mind -- Reducing stress and strengthens her heart.
Psychology says, sometimes silence is the most powerful scream and indication of something being terribly wrong.
When you're alone, you reflect. You reflect, then over think. You over think, then regret. You regret and become depressed!
Motivation is more important than IQ for succeeding in math, studies show.
“Phobophobia” is the fear of having a phobia.
Psychology says, seeing your closest friend change isn't what hurts, remembering who they were is the most painful.
Don't talk, act. Don't say, show. Don't promise, prove.
If you want to change something about yourself, repeat your intentions over and over. Eventually your brain will get into a new pattern.
Hearing someone call out your name when no one has actually called your name is considered a psychological sign of a healthy mind.
While we sleep, our memories are being restored &amp; transferred to a permanent storage area within the brain.
Sadness and depression are both contagious and can also spread just as fast as the flu
When dogs look at their human companions in the eye, it may actually be a look of love, rather than simply begging.
If you are buying headphones/speakers, test them with Bohemian Rhapsody. It has the complete set of highs and lows in instruments and vocals
Based on a psychological study : A crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you're already in love.
People with a higher IQ level are 3 times more likely to suffer from depression because of increased brain activity.
People are generally more honest when physically tired. This is why people confess things during late night conversations
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life.
Due to the new discovery of many brain parasites, Scientist say that a Zombie Apocalypse is actually possible.
Psychologists say: Men tend to forget, but never forgive… and women forgive, but never forget.
Psychological fact, pretending and or faking a smile can help you achieve optimum happiness, feelings of satisfaction and pleasure.
You can't change how people feel about you, so don't try. Just live your life and be happy.
Everyone has a song in their playlist which they always skip, but never delete.
Psychological Fact: The mind holds onto memories because memories remain the same even when people begin to change.
Spend life with those who make you happy, not who you have to impress
Everything is getting more expensive. Except for people, they are getting cheaper
" No offense " literally means " I'm about to insult you but don't get mad. "
The nicest people tend to often be the ones who have been mistreated the most.
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
Researchers found that people are twice as likely to find a date through friends and family than through the bar scene.
There’s a pair of twins from England that, after being separated at birth, ended up marrying each other.
Some people will better your life by being in it, while others will better it by staying out.
When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger.
Cut negative people out of your life. The people you spend time with influence your attitude and thoughts more than you think.
80% of women uses silence to express pain. You know she's truly hurt when she chooses to ignore you
The last individual on your mind before you fall asleep is either the reason for your happiness or pain.
Psychology says, men tend to forget but never forgive. Whereas women forgive, but never forget.
Scientists are working on a technology where the road actually can charge electric cars as they drive on it.
Clinomania is a psychological condition in which causes a person to have an overwhelming desire to stay in bed all day.
Forcing yourself to forget something only causes the brain to think about it even more.
Trypophobia is an intense fear of clusters of tiny holes.
No one has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
While angry, people are more likely to have the courage to express things that they would have just kept to themselves.
Hearing your name being called, When no one has actually called your name, Is a likely sign of a healthy mind.
We learn how to laugh before we learn how to talk.
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked "what's wrong?" over and over
If the population of 'China' walked past you in single file, the line would never end, because of the rate of reproduction.
Any friendship that exceeds the 7 years mark is more likely to last an entire lifetime.
There are two ways of being rich: One is to have all you want, the other is to be satisfied with what you have.
Music is powerful enough to change a persons perception of the world.
Worrying about the future is tempting but useless. Do the best you can with whats right in front of you and the future will fall into place.
If the entire world smoked a joint of Marijuana, there would be peace for 3 hours on the entire planet.
Seeking and finding shapes in clouds is called nephelococcygia.
Women tend to be more attracted to men who don't show as much of an interest in them.
Love is not about sex, going on fancy dates, or showing off. It’s about being with a person who makes you happy in a way nobody else can.
Popcorn is by far the healthiest snack. It builds bone, muscle, tissue, aids digestion, and is good for the teeth.
The more homework a student receives, the higher their chances for depression.
When looking back becomes more boring than looking forward, you know your life is on the right track.
There's an 80% chance that if you're 16 &amp; older, you've already met the person you'll marry.
70% of people pretend to text while being involved in awkward situations
If you repeatedly criticize someone for liking something you don't, they won't stop liking it. They'll stop liking you.
Lonely is not a feeling when you are alone. Lonely is a feeling when no one cares.
If you care too much about what other people think, in a way, you will always be their prisoner.
When writing, studying, or reading, listen to music with no vocals. It will allow you to concentrate better.
One of the hardest tasks for the human mind is convincing yourself that you no longer care.
Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you’re wrong. It’s not giving up. It’s called growing up.
No matter how strong of a person you are, there’s always someone who can make you weak.
We have all experienced something that has changed us in a way that we could never go back to the person we once were.
Cherophobia describes someone who's afraid of being happy b/c whenever they get too happy, something bad tends to happen.
You can't bring back the past. It's gone. All you can do is let go, move on, and make better memories for the future.
When a person falls in love they tend to lose 2-3 close friends due to neglecting friendships for new found love.
Lisztomania is a word that best describes a person who is addicted to listening to music.
Men and women who listen to similar music tend to be better communicators and have longer lasting relationships.
Never get too attached to anyone unless they also feel the same towards you, because one sided expectations can mentally destroy you!
Our own imagination is crueler than reality. There is nothing worse than waiting for something and not knowing if it’ll happen.
Thursday is the day of the week women are most likely to have sex.
People who stay awake till late night are more intelligent than people who go to bed early and rise early, study suggests.
Kissing causes the body to release high amounts of oxytocin, boosting your mood and lowering levels of stress.
Constant disappointment at a young age can cause a person to develop a lifetime of trust and commitment issues.
Psychology claims that the one individual in which you think about when you can't sleep is most likely dreaming about you.
Psychologists say that sleeping naked will boost your confidence.
Psychologically, the most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, forgetting that u are special too.
When a woman is mistreated or cheated on by the person she cares about, it changes her outlook on love.
Psychologists have found that whenever you're in a bad mood, you can feel better just by forcing yourself to smile.
People tend to answer a question with a long answer if they're lying.
Psychologically: The more you try not to care, the more you end up caring.
When people aren't sure of what to do, they will mimic whatever the people around them are doing.
Psychological FACT - Change is never easy. We're either always fighting to hold on or fighting to let go.
90% of what's stressing you today will be irrelevant in a year. Don't lose sleep over petty things. Get over it, move on,
Due to their extreme atmospheric conditions, it rains diamonds on Neptune and Uranus.
Psychology says, quiet people have the loudest minds.
Music can help you feel less emotional pain.
People who sleep 6.5 to 7.5 hours a night tend to live the longest.
Pretending not to care about someone you love can actually cause a great deal of mental stress, increasing risk of depression.
Studies show that movies and books are better when you experience them for a second time.
Psychologically, the worst feeling ever is not knowing whether to wait or give up.
Before sleeping, most people will imagine stuff they want to happen
Being the oldest of your siblings is linked to intelligence. Firstborns tend to have a higher IQ than their younger counterparts.
Daydreaming is good for your brain.
Tip: If you ever want to call a family meeting, just turn off the WiFi router and wait in the room in which its located
In England, suicide used to be illegal. The punishment for trying to kill yourself was 'death'.
Missing someone often can cause insomnia. The frustration of being without that person keeps you awake at night.
Laughter increases both physical and emotional pain tolerance. Overall, laughing more literally makes you a stronger person.
Don’t ruin today by worrying about yesterday’s problem.
There are people who are sexually attracted to balloons - they are known as "looners."
Decidophobia is the fear of making decisions.
Psychology: When she is happy, she can’t stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Psychology states that people become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
Psychological Fact: People automatically assume that you're mad at them when you're quiet
Generally, you should never forget what a person says to you when angry because that's when the truth finally comes out.
Lonely is not a feeling when you are alone. Lonely is a feeling when no one cares...
Breastfeeding women release pheromones that increase sexual desire among surrounding women.
Over thinking can cause symptoms of anxiety and insomnia, making it impossible to fall asleep at night
There are two ways of being rich: One is to have all you want... the other is to be satisfied with what you have.
Psychological Fact, It's hard to admit that you're not as strong as people believe you are.
Music is powerful enough to change your perception of the world.
Psychology claims, that If two past lovers can remain just friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Most Blind people fold their money in specific ways according to denomination in order to know which bills are which.
Humans are the only creatures in the world, who cut down trees, make paper from it and then write, "SAVE TREES" on it!
Every single face you've seen in your dreams are actually of people you've seen while awake over the course of your life.
Legalizing marijuana would generate $9 billion dollars in federal and state tax revenue annually.
Women are influenced by how a man smells.
Wedding rings go on the left ring finger b/c it's believed to be the only finger with a vein that connects directly to the heart.
The male version of PMS is IMS (Irritable Male Syndrome), due to the daily hormone cycle, men may experience stomach cramps and mood swings.
"Pistanthrophobia" is the common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.
Over-thinking about things only slows down your brain and leads to depression.
Leonardo DaVinci used to buy caged animals at the market just to set them free.
Men sweat more than women because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose.
Always give consideration to what your first instinct is telling you. More often than not it's right.
If you never learn how to control your thoughts, you will never learn how to control your behavior.
You are responsible for your own happiness. If you expect others to make you happy, you will always be disappointed.
If you chew gum while you study a certain subject, and then chew the same flavor when you the take the test, it will help you remember!
Education and intelligence do not in fact make you happier.
Psychology says, the person who brings out the best in you and makes you strong, is actually your weakness.
Life offers you an endless amount of possibilities. Don't settle for a crappy job, crappy friends or a crappy significant other.
Saying "I'm tired" when you're actually just depressed and upset.
Having a fat butt and thighs is healthier for your brain than having a fatter stomach.
Psychology says, people don't say what they truly feel because they don't want to or they just don't know how to express it.
Unexpected text messages from the person you care about can have a positive affect on your body and instantly improve your mood.
When a girl gives up, it's not b/c she doesn't love u anymore, but because she's tired of getting hurt &amp; feels like you'll never care.
There comes a time when you have to stop crossing oceans for people who wouldn't even jump puddles for you.
Don't use Google to search for information for school essays. Use 
Psychology says, of all the hardships a person must face, none is more punishing than the simple act of waiting.
When you're alone, you think. When you think, you remember. When you remember, you feel pain. - Psychological Fact
Your brain's memory is mostly made up of music and song lyrics.
Dreams often reveal feelings that we've hidden or repressed, because dreams are a reflection of our unconscious mind, our emotional truth.
In Germany it is not illegal to try to escape from prison because it's basic human instinct to be free.
If you put your fingers in ice water immediately after painting your nails the paint will dry instantly
90% of people will fake laugh when they don't understand what someone said to them.
Psychological studies suggest that the human mind has a harder time avoiding the thought of painful memories.
Sometimes, it's best to keep quiet. Silence can say so much without you ever having to say a single word.
So much pain can be hidden with a smile.
Your emotions can alter your dreams. Dreaming of someone, reflects either the happiness or pain they've caused you to feel.
Ironically, it's easier for people to say things they don't mean rather than express the truth about what they truly feel.
You meet thousands of people and none of them really mean anything to you. And then you meet one person and your life is changed forever.
Psychology states, once you've accepted your flaws, no one can ever use them against you.
80% of the time, the people who are always trying to cheer others up are unhappy themselves.
Applying Vodka to your face can help prevent wrinkles and reduce acne breakouts, 10 times more effective than most facial cleansers.
Smiling, even in a bad mood, will immediately improve your mood. Using these muscles is enough to trigger happy chemicals in the brain.
Psychology claims that over thinking can cause the mind to experience " emotional hangovers " which leads to depression
Psychological facts suggest that the inability to fall asleep at night indicates that you're awake in someone's dream.
Lego men have those little holes in the top of their head to allow air to pass through should a child ever get one stuck in their throat.
Psychology says that people who consume more chocolate have better sex than those who do not.
New studies suggest marijuana doesn’t kill brain cells but repairs them.
Over thinking is psychologically harmful. The mind replays negative experiences in an endless loop which causes emotional distress.
When the "Pirates of the Caribbean" ride opened at Disney World in 1967, real human bones were used as props.
Nomophobia is a psychological condition in which causes people to panic when unable to find their cell phone.
You can apologize over and over but if your actions don't change, the words become meaningless.
Pretending to be happy when you are in pain, is an example of how strong you are as a person.
People who over think are more likely to successfully avoid dangerous situations &amp; make better choices.
When people are happier, they're less likely to catch common sicknesses like fevers or colds.
Depression is the result of over thinking. The mind creates problems that didn't even exist.
There's an 79% chance the person you know in real life that you can't get off your mind is thinking about you just as much.
When you have a crush on someone, your brain overlooks and ignores the flaws of that person causing them to appear "perfect".
A psychological study found that people who are generally "too nice" are also the ones to get hurt the most.
Playing a musical instrument has been known to raise a person's I.Q. by as much as 5 points.
Don’t listen to what people say, watch what they do.
What if oxygen is poisonous and it just takes 75-100 years to kill us?
There's at least 6 people in the world that look like you, and you have a 15% chance of meeting them in your lifetime.
Good people sometimes make bad choices. It doesn't mean they're bad people, it means they’re human.
Women have a better sense of smell than men.
The feeling of loneliness is processed in the same part of the brain as physical pain.
People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.
Being called " Baby " has a positive effect on the female brain, causing instant mental stimulation &amp; stress relief.
I've never been in love... But I imagine its similar to the feeling you get when you see your waiter arriving with your food.
A study showed that women tend to get over breakups faster, while men tend to feel the loss more strongly over time.
A “moment” technically means 90 seconds.
People who consume more pizza may actually be decreasing their risk of cancer.
When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she no longer cares
Psychology says, comparing yourself to others is the root cause for feelings of unhappiness, self blame
If two identical twin women were to marry identical twin men, their children would genetically be siblings.
Psychology says, being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones.
A kiss lasting one minute can burn more than 100 calories.
"Misophonia" is a condition in which you are easily annoyed or angered by little things. Such as a person who eats or breathes too loudly.
The truth is, everybody knows what they have, but, when they lose it, they realize the way they should have treated it.
People who have awkward or weird personalities tend to be the best of friends.
Remembering a past situation can provoke a person to feel the exact emotions that were attached to that specific memory.
Psychology says, sometimes a person's silence means "I'm tired of explaining to people who don't even care to understand."
When women are talking to you about their problems, they're likely not looking for an answer and just want someone to listen.
Disturbed sleep is linked to psychosis. Waking someone up out of their sleep can literally drive them temporarily insane.
Don't get upset with people or situations. Both are powerless without your reaction.
Psychology FACT: Don't take things so personal. What people say about you is a reflection of them, not you.
If you put your fingers in ice water immediately after painting your nails the paint will dry instantly!
The people who seem the coldest are often the ones who know what it's like to be used, ignored and or suddenly replaced.
When someone misses or thinks about you, that individual is more likely to appear in your dreams.
Don't marry/get in a serious relationship with someone unless you'd be proud to have a child exactly like them
Psychology says, the more you care, the more you have to lose.
When people in love stare into each other's eyes, their heart beats sync together.
Kissing causes a chemical reaction in the brain which lowers a woman's risk of suffering from depression.
Psychology says that believing you have a good memory helps you to have a better memory.
Crossing your arms while attempting to solve complex problems can improve your performance &amp; enhance your intelligence.
Psychology says, once you lose someone, it’s never exactly the same person who comes back.
Psychologically, the more loving you are, the more painful it feels when a person fails to realize how much you care for them.
If you're actually important to someone, you won't have to fight for their attention.
Psychology says, being replaced &amp; or ignored causes more psychological pain than an actual break up.
When a person sighs, they are subconsciously expressing feelings of disappointment, defeat, frustration, boredom, and or longing.
74% of people choose to keep things to themselves to avoid being judged by others.
Psychology says, sometimes you can hurt yourself more than anyone can hurt you just by keeping all your feelings hidden.
People who swear a lot tend to be more honest, loyal and upfront with their friends.
You find relief in sleeping. When you're sleeping, you're not sad, angry or lonely, you feel nothing.
Psychology Says - You cannot change the people around you, but you can change the people you choose to be around.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
Experiencing " heartbreak " activates the region of the brain responsible for physical pain, which explains the " pain " you feel all over.
Skipping breakfast can cause you to gain weight because it tricks your brain into thinking you want higher-calorie foods later in the day.
Women have heightened sensitivity to the cold.
Ironically, those in which you meet by accident are often the ones who become an important part of your life.
A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities, and second, respecting the differences.
Someone who constantly feels to need to tell everyone how exciting their life is via social media likely does not have an exciting life.
If the Earth suddenly stopped spinning, everything would be thrown sideways like being in a car accident going 1,000 miles per hour.
Psychology says, the person you care about the most can literally shatter your confidence with their opinions.
Once you begin to dislike someone, everything they do tends to annoy you.
Those who claim to love you the most are often the ones who also cause you the most pain.
Couples who cuddle before bed are more likely to be happier, sleep better and tend to live longer than those who don't.
When a person cries, and the first drop of tears comes from the right eye, It is happiness. If it's from the left, It is pain.
There will always be a reason why you meet people. Either you need to change your life or you're the one that will change theirs.
Psychology says: You donOt really need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you completely.
When ignored by that person whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in your brain is similar to physical pain.
Generally, talking to yourself is a sign of higher intelligence. In fact, those who talk to themselves tend to achieve more in life.
Social Psychology - We only need two close friends in which we can trust. Having too many "friends" is linked to depression and stress.
After 34 minutes of conversation, a woman already knows if there's any potential for a long term relationship with someone.
Psychological FACT: Sometimes you must become weak so you can realize how strong you really are.
90% of the time, we forgive people because we still want them in our lives.
Unexpected text messages from the right person can have a positive on the mind and body, instantly improving a person's mood.
80% of the time, it's not that a person changed....you just never knew who they actually were.
Your brain alters the way you hear yourself when speaking which is why you sound different when you hear yourself via recording.
One of the greatest accomplishments in life is doing what people say you can't do.
It's not the song that makes you emotional, it's the people and things that come to your mind when you hear it!
While our vision is the quickest sense we have, our sense of smell is the most delayed.
Missing someone and not being able to do anything about it generally makes people moody, easily annoyed and/or emotionally frustrated.
Mentally, the worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you wanted the most.
Drinking half a glass of water before bed and half a glass when waking up can serve as a psychological cue to remembering all of your dreams
Some analysts suggest that humans have reached the peak of athletic performance and we won't evolve to be any better than we are now.
We are subconsciously more attracted to people who have the same music taste as we do.
Scientists have proven that humans can stay alive for many months by only drinking water and beer.
People who eat pizza at least two times a month are less likely to suffer from colon cancer.
Psychology shows that sleeping on your stomach can induce weirder, scarier, and sexier dreams.
Psychology says - If your mind wanders often, there's a 85% chance that you're subconsciously unhappy with your life.
Psychology says that smelling bananas or green apples can help you lose weight.
Psychology says that playing video games makes you more creative.
Athazagoraphobia is the Fear of being forgotten &amp; or ignored by someone whom you strongly care about.
The human body is better suited for 2 four-hour sleep cycles instead on 1 eight-hour session.
Psychology fact: Cheaters tends to think everyone cheats. Liars tends to think that everyone lies. Keep this in mind.
People who sleep less tend to crave junk food - People who oversleep tend to crave more sleep.
Over thinking literally creates a problem that didn't even exist in the first place.
Both men and women who use profanity often tend to be more honest, loyal and upfront with their friends.
Psychologically, one of the worst feelings in the world is knowing you did the best you could &amp; it still wasn't good enough.
Over-thinking ruins you, ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry &amp; just makes everything much worse than it actually is.
Psychologically, It makes people happier to spend money on others as opposed to themselves.
You can't dream of strangers. The people you see, but don't know, are of people you have seen at some point in your life.
There's a 95% that you are no longer friends with someone in which you once claimed as your " best friend. "
It takes your brain approximately 90 seconds to decide whether or not you like someone.
Don’t confuse your path with your destination. Just because it’s stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine.
Applying Vodka to your face can help prevent wrinkles and reduce acne breakouts, 10 times more effective than most facial cleansers.
Technomania is a psychological condition that best describes a person obsessed with technology: Computers, cell phone etc.
Women with higher IQs have the hardest time finding a mate. Intelligent women would rather remain single than be with the wrong person.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.
The first person you think of in the morning or last person you think of in the night is either the cause of your happiness or your pain.
Anger triggers the region of the brain associated with honesty, that's when the truth comes out.
Music and sleep, two great ways to escape from everything.
Women have a better sense of smell than men.
People who listen to more than one genre of music tend to be: smarter, more creative, open minded, honest
Sexual frustration describes the condition in which a person is in a state of stress or anxiety due to prolonged sexual inactivity.
Listening to sad songs actually creates positive emotions.
Psychologically: The more you try not to care, the more you end up caring.
Looking at someone whom you know really cares about you can actually help relieve stress, anxiety and psychological pain.
Psychological Fact, It's hard to admit that you're not as strong as people believe you are.
86% of people use music to escape from their daily stress.
When a person laughs too much, even on stupid things, that person is sad deep inside. When a person sleeps a lot, that person is lonely.
Psychology says, seeing your closest friend change isn't what hurts, remembering who they were is the most painful.
The first thing on your mind as soon as you wake up either brings you happiness or pain &amp; sometimes both.
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
A study suggests that people who lose their virginity after the age of 19 will attain a higher level of education and make more money.
Once you fall in love, those feelings never leave. Though you may no longer " like " that person, you'll always care to some extent.
Twitter is healthy for the brain. Reading a tweet triggers brain stimulation similar to reading an informative book.
A person usually makes a lot of hand gestures when telling a true story. When telling a lie a person's hands will stay noticeably still.
Sometimes its better not to say anything. Saying how you truly feel might make things worse.
Psychology says, " romantic love " tends to last for only a year. Anything longer than that becomes " attachment love. "
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Psychology says, sometimes a person's silence means "I'm tired of explaining to people who don't even care to understand."
When you’re right, no one remembers. When you’re wrong, no one forgets.
Listening to music while working helps to create a positive mood, and helps you to become more productive.
Dysania is the state of finding it really difficult to get out of bed in the morning.
Psychology says, men are mostly attracted to women who remind them of their mothers.
"Razbliuto" is a Russian word to describe that empty feeling you have for someone you once loved, but no longer love.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
You gain a lot of information about a man by the way he treats his mother, and by the way he carries himself in her presence.
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked "what's wrong?" over and over
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
When ignored by someone whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in the brain is similar to physical pain.
Psychology says, sometimes creating a little distance will help people recognize how much you actually mean to them.
The "Pinky Promise" originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.
A kick in the nuts is above 9000 del (units) of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3200 bones at a time.
While angry, people are more likely to have the courage to express things that they would have just kept to themselves.
Psychology says, friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it's about who you have the best time with.
Psychologically, it is possible to still love someone even though you're not in love with them anymore.
People who care use words to express it, people who really care use actions.
Forgiveness has health benefits! Forgiving others can alleviate back pain, depression, headaches, and lower your blood pressure.
every time you think your life is crap just imagine a tree that took 20 years to grow to end up being a Justin Bieber notebook
Dont ask someone if theyre telling the truth. A liar will just keeping lying and an honest person will be offended.
Studies show that Wednesday is the best day of the week to go out on a first date.
You meet thousands of people and none of them really mean anything to you. And then you meet one person and your life is changed forever.
Brown eyes are actually blue underneath, and as a result you can actually get surgery to turn brown eyes blue
Memories can be strong enough to invoke the exact emotions a person felt when the experience originally happened.
Psychology says, when you delete the unnecessary people from your life, good things will start happening for you &amp; it won’t be a coincidence
When asked what his IQ was, Stephen Hawking said "I have no idea. People who boast about their IQ are losers".
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
The more you care, the more likely you are to over think.
Psychology says, real love is someone who won't stay mad at you, who can't stand not talking to you &amp; who's afraid of losing you.
Psychological FACT - Never use your favorite song as your alarm clock - you'll end up hating it.
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to present to her.
Your brain is programmed to make 3 things impossible to ignore: food, sex, and danger.
Admit it when you're wrong and shut up when you're right. This is a simple way to drastically improve the quality of your relationships.
The worst thing about getting close to someone is the thought that at any point, they could lose interest in you.
Psychology says, the person who brings out the best in you and makes you strong, is actually your weakness.
You see better when you are scared.
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables.
Pretending not to care about someone you love can actually cause a great deal of mental stress, increasing risk of depression.
Psychology says, people who refuse to depend on others have experienced the most disappointment earlier on in their lives.
Sometimes, the only reason why you won't let go of what's making you sad is because it was the only thing that made you happy.
Sigmund Freud liked cocaine so much that he would give it to friends and family as a gift.
People who hide their feelings usually care the most.
Psychology says, the saddest people tend to also seem like the nicest.
“Paruresis” is a type of phobia in which the sufferer is unable to pee while someone is watching.
Psychology shows that a man is more likely to ask a woman out and spend money on her if she is wearing red.
Life without Music is like a pencil without its tip, pointless...
If you are always worried about what others think of you, you will never be happy.
The water we drink today is the same water dinosaurs swam/pee'd/pooped in millions of years ago, just recycled.
A condition called "False Awakening" occurs when you're dreaming that you've woken up, but still are in deep sleep.
Tickling serves no other purpose except bonding and creating a closer relationship between two people.
People who are stuck in traffic jams for more than an hour are 3 times more likely to suffer a heart attack than others.
It's possible to die from a broken heart; it's called Stress Cardiomyopathy.
90% of people will text things that they could never say in person.
Men who have more trouble controlling laughter and also have more trouble controlling sexual arousal.
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point - When blindfolded, humans will gradually walk in a circle.
Anglomania describes a person who is turned on by and or is obsessed with the British accent.
An eccedentesiast is a person who hides their pain behind a smile.
According to ancient myth, difficulty falling asleep at night may indicate that someone is either thinking or talking about you.
(Psychology says) Rejecting new relationships because you were hurt or disappointed in the past solves nothing
70% of people enjoy old songs because of the memories they've attached to them.
The most common time to randomly wake up is around 3 to 5am, it is at this time that the one who loves you is thinking about you.
Girls who have more guys as friends than girls, go through less depression and anxiety
Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't.
Sometimes, people who don’t socialize much aren’t actually anti-social… they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.
When you miss someone, you're more likely to re-read old text messages from that person.
25% of women claim they would give up sex for a month, in exchange for clearer skin.
The truth is, everybody knows what they have, but, when they lose it, they realize the way they should have treated it.
Falling in love costs you 2 friends, according to Oxford University.
Apologizing does not always mean you are wrong. It just means that you value your relationships more than your ego.
Psychology: Constant disappointment causes a person to develop a lifetime of trust and commitment issues.
People with blue eyes tend to perform better in academic careers than people with brown eyes.
Psychologically, people tend to sabotage &amp; torture themselves because they feel they don't deserve the good things in life.
80% of the time, the people who are always trying to cheer others up are unhappy themselves.
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
No relationship is ever a waste of your time. If it didn't bring you what you want, it taught you what you didn't want.
Ever have that itch in the back of your throat that makes you want to gag and cough it out? Scratch your ear, it will go away!
Psychological Fact - We seem to ignore the ones who adore us &amp; pay more attention to those who ignore us.
There's an 79% chance the person you know in real life that you can't get off your mind is thinking about you just as much.
Psychologically, It becomes increasingly difficult to forget the people who gave you so much to remember.
Psychology claims: The more attracted you are to a person, the easier it is for that individual to make you laugh.
Couples who Kiss at least 3 times a day are less likely to suffer from depression and obesity.
The worst person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.
Someone else is happy with less than what you have.
I'm sorry is a statement. I won't do it again is a promise. How do I make it up to you? is a responsibility.
Not having enough sex can put you at risk of anxiety paranoia and depression.
People feel more connected to you not from how much they know about you but instead from how much they think you know about them.
The inventor of the chocolate chip cookie sold the idea to Nestlé Toll House in exchange for a lifetime supply of chocolate.
Yuor brian is so pfweroul, taht it can raed scntenees wtih mxied up wrods as lnog as the fsrit and lsat letetrs are in the rgiht palce.
Women have sex to cure headaches, get men to put out the trash, and a million other reasons.
Everything is getting more expensive. Except for people, they are getting cheaper
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason, there is a 85% chance that someone is watching you.
Psychology says, you never really lose friends, with time you just learn who your true ones are.
If people could read minds, and two people were reading eachother's minds, wouldn't they just be reading their own minds?
Psychologists have found that sending and receiving text messages can actually boost your mood when you’re feeling lonely.
When a person lies, the temperature of their nose rises -- This is known as the “Pinocchio Effect.”
Psychologically, washing your hands while you’re thinking through decisions helps you think more clearly, and be more focused.
You find relief in sleeping. When you're sleeping, you're not sad, angry or lonely, you feel nothing.
Psychology states that cuddling triggers the same neurological reaction as taking painkillers.
More often the people in which you meet by accident tend to be the ones who become an important &amp; major part of your life.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand with them.
Negative attitudes and complaining are contagious. That's why its best to surround yourself with happiness.
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from usage, Cigarettes kills millions and they are legal and can be purchased anywhere.
Psychology says, great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people.
People who regularly help others are significantly happier and less likely to become depressed as they get older.
Over thinking creates problems that wasn't even there in the first place.
If you have someone in your life that is abusive or causes you pain, don't try and reform them. Just block them out of your life.
Over thinking increases activity in the region of the brain that is responsible for processing physical pain.
Musomania is a psychological condition that causes a person to become obsessed with music &amp; or a specific song.
70% of people pretend to be okay simply because they don't want to annoy others with their problems.
A study found that marrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by over 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.
Scientists say the brain purposely forgets certain memories in order to avoid information overload, and emotional hangovers.
There's an 80% chance that if you're 16 &amp; older, you've already met the person you'll marry.
Men are actually more emotionally affected by relationship troubles than women -- They just do a better job of hiding it.
You can't lose what you've never had, you can't keep what's not yours &amp; you can't hold on to someone who refuses to stay.
Psychology says, when you truly care for someone, their mood can literally affect yours.
Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is more painful than staying somewhere you don't belong
People are generally more honest when physically tired. This is why people confess things during late night conversations
Not having enough sex can put you at risk of anxiety, paranoia and depression.
I don’t compete. You either want me in your life or you don’t.
A person usually makes a lot of hand gestures when telling a true story. When telling a lie a person's hands will stay noticeably still
Sarcasm has been proven to improve the minds ability to better understand and register new information.
If your dog gets out, dont chase it. Instead, lie on the ground and pretend youre hurt. It will come back to see if youre okay.
The panic you feel when someone is tickling you is called "gargalesthesia."
There comes a time when you have to stop crossing oceans for people who wouldn't even jump puddles for you.
Ironically, we tend to want what we can't have. Then once we get it, we don't want it anymore
Over thinking can cause symptoms of anxiety and insomnia, making it impossible to fall asleep at night
Chewing gum can help speed up your metabolism, making it easier to burn calories and lose weight.
Most people aren't limited by their abilities, but instead by their shyness and fear of failure.
Most of your dreams are reflective of your state of mind at that point in time. Your emotions can shape the dreams you have.
Being optimistic and remaining hopeful can help you live longer, studies suggest.
Psychologists say a crush only lasts for 4 months. But when feelings last longer, you are considered to be "In Love".
A homeless man held up and robbed a bank for $1, then sat down and waited for police to arrest him so he could receive healthcare in prison.
Psychology says that when people in love stare into each other's eyes, their heart beats can start syncing together.
Studies show that people who stay awake later at night are more intelligent than the people who go to bed early.
Constantly dreaming about someone may indicate that they're actually missing or thinking about you a lot.
If a single teacher can't teach us all the subjects then how can you expect a single student to learn all the subjects?
The blast of air you feel when walking into a store prevents insects from flying in.
The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.
Psychology: When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Over thinking is literally a gate way to negative thoughts and can often dictate one's entire life.
Clinomania is a psychological condition in which causes a person to have an overwhelming desire to stay in bed all day.
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
If a person is looking into your eyes for more than 5 seconds without blinking he/she either wants to kill you or have sex with you.
The best thing about being single is sleeping around. You can sleep all over that big lonely bed of yours. Left, right, middle, wherever.
Smiling too much is often the habit of someone who is experiencing emotional pain.
Your jaw is strong enough to break all of your teeth – But, the brain stops that from happening.
Not everyone is meant to be in your future. Some people are just passing through to teach you lessons in life.
Before going to bed, 93% people count that how many hours of sleep they're going to get.
Psychology shows that teenagers who spend much of their time listening to music are 8.3 times more likely to be depressed.
Motivation is more important than IQ for succeeding in math, studies show.
Over thinking is psychologically harmful. The mind replays negative experiences in an endless loop which causes emotional distress.
When writing, studying, or reading, listen to music with no vocals. It will allow you to concentrate better.
People tend to be more emotionally open and confess things during late night conversations via text message.
Relationship studies suggests the psychological pain of a break up is just as real as a physical injury.
The Titanic II is currently being built and will set sail in 2016.
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
Psychological fact, when happy, she can’t stop talking, while suffering from sadness she doesn't say a word.
Trypophobia is an intense fear of clusters of tiny holes.
Your heartbeat pattern changes and mimics the music you listen to.
People with sarcastic personalities are better at detecting lies &amp; deception. They're also more honest &amp; upfront.
Stop telling others about your problems. 20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them
While in love, people typically become jealous, anger easily over small things, curious &amp; often worry about losing that individual.
Sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next...
If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime.
(Psychology says) The best way to really appreciate someone is to imagine your life without them.
People come and people go. That's life. Stop holding on to people that have let go of you.
Due to the new discovery of many brain parasites, Scientist say that a Zombie Apocalypse is actually possible.
Psychology says, unexpressed emotions never die. They temporarily go away but tend to be more painful once they come back.
Workers at various iPad factories operate in conditions so horrible, they are forced to sign anti-suicide pledges.
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.
The desire to squeeze and hug cute things comes from the same place in your brain as aggression.
Psychology says... Just because a person doesn't react, doesn't necessarily mean they don't notice.
One day, you’ll just be a memory to some people. Do your best to be a good one.
Not being able to sleep at night may indicate that you're awake in someone's dream, psychology claims.
If you spend one hour in a swimming pool, you will intake about 50 ounces of urine.
Estrogen causes women to be relatively smaller, shorter &amp; her eyes more prominent which causes short women to be more attractive.
That moment when you randomly feel depressed for no apparent reason may indicate that you're actually missing someone.
Psychologically, a simple "I miss you" from the right person can absolutely change everything.
Androphobia is the fear of men.
"Money can't buy life" were the final words said by Bob Marley to his son Ziggy on his death bed.
Don't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles, the right people will find their way into your life.
Psychology says, people don't necessarily change, they just become who they were supposed to be which comes with growing up.
85% of people admit to being easily annoyed by the intense desire to talk to someone but refusing to text that person first.
Psychology states that listening to music, especially instrumentals, can release the same hormones as climaxing during intercourse.
Don't use Google to search for information for school essays. Use 
Women have smaller brains than men, however, women also use their brains more efficiently than men.
Those who claim to love you the most are often the ones who also cause you the most pain.
Disappointment and pain is linked to emotional numbness. A person can be hurt to the point in which they no longer feel anything.
Skipping breakfast can cause you to gain weight because it tricks your brain into thinking you want higher-calorie foods later in the day.
Psychology says, forgiving is not forgetting. It's letting go of the hurt?
Your " gut feelings " should be taken seriously. If you truly feel that there's something wrong then SOMETHING IS WRONG!
Our brain has a Negativity bias causing you to continually look for bad news.
Crossing your arms while attempting to solve complex problems can improve your performance &amp; enhance your intelligence.
It's impossible to remain angry at someone you truly love. Anger lasting for more than 3 days indicates that you're not in love.
Men sweat more than women because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose.
Individuals who have a sarcastic personality tend to be more honest &amp; upfront, the type of people you want as friends.
o facts, only interpretations." - Friedrich Nietzsche
" No offense " literally means " I'm about to insult you but don't get mad. "
The nicest people tend to often be the ones who have been mistreated the most.
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
Researchers found that people are twice as likely to find a date through friends and family than through the bar scene.
There’s a pair of twins from England that, after being separated at birth, ended up marrying each other.
Some people will better your life by being in it, while others will better it by staying out.
When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger.
