These would make an awesome mothers day gift "wink" #ina10 #lovepink 
Those of you that know me I am not really a salad person but I have been getting creative with it for the last... 
I have watched many of your workout journeys now it's time to show off mine.....   Check out new workout partner... 
I feel and look sexy when I zumba hunty!!! — feeling pumped at YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg 
100-Year-Old Sprinter: "I'm Running From Old Age" 
󾌬󾌬󾌬󾌬󾌬󾌬 
I was sent this, maybe I'll try it 󾌦 
Yummmmy 
Both babies have No cavities And teeth look great! Yay me!!! #Idontplayaboutmykidsteeth 
At the dentist with my loves 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
Life is an ECHO
What you send OUT...comes BACK....
What you SOW.....you REAP...
What you GIVE....you GET...
What... 
Running for my  LIFE!!!! LITERALLY — feeling determined at YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg 
Wow looking at this really had my mind in gear too eat more clean,it's been a tough road so far 󾌦󾌦󾌦󾌦 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
You never know WHO knows WHO.... #smallworld


OMMMGGG this was an amazing act! Never would have expected this....so cliche....   but never judge a book by its... 
Happy Monday!!!!!!!!! I'm so optimistic...I'd go after JAWS in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me !!! Woop Woop! LOL
At the gym looking like this......I wanted to stay in bed!!!! 
Hair product alert! I love trying new products to see which ones work the best for short hair. I've been looking... 
Happy Saturday!!! 
A great day in sports!!!!!!! 
Love it!!!!!!! 

Wow! It pains me to see our kids watching what's happening ...and yes they are fearful.... We must continue to... 
Power Couple Spotlight: Nick and Marilyn Mosby 
AGREED 
I sooooo wish I was in Vegas this weekend.......its gonna be a MAIN EVENT! I feel some type of way towards my... 
Running things! #blackgirlsrock! 
Agreed-Duan Threats 
Did you know this was coming??????
This is terrible 
Tomorrow is MAY 1st.....Next SUNDAY MAY 10th is MOTHERS DAY.... Can someone tell me how we got to May so fast??/ — feeling confused
Wow tomorrow is MAY 1st...... next Sunday MAY 10th is Mother's day! Can someone please tell me how we got to May so fast????
You can throw in the towel OR you can use it to wipe the sweat off of your face and KEEP GOING! IJS #dontquit... 
#Tbt #gnli2010 #culture 
I miss you all! I learned so much and made great friendships with awesome people! #Tbt  #gnliclassof2010... 
#Tbt #atlanta #fifty50 
The smarter you get..... the less you speak...
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻 
In tears, i heard bits of this story a while back, I'm in disbelief 
Right on Ketric Carter <HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK> 
Thats right baby boy you did the right thing 

Please visit my website and contact me if you have any questions. 
I go to CNN thinking this is the aftermath of NEPAL....but this is actually the aftermath of BALTIMORE......this... 
This mother was not about to let her son continue to act a fool and I salute her. I am utterly DISGUSTED at the... 
I'm going to win #selfaffirmation 
I'm going to make it! 
This girl can SANNNNG but check out her little brother in the background.... I was dying laughing... 
Loolll yup!!!! 
Healthy Drink alert: this is one of my favorites, i nix/86 the ginger 
#Motivationmonday 
Find a way.....or Make one!!!
#byanymeansnecessary #motivationmonday #trynahelpsomebody
I'm teaching them NOW!!! 
Salute to all my girlfriends, sisters, and fam! I love to see you all looking good and doing good!!!! 
STANDARDS are a sign you are NOT desperate....#dontsettle.#itsoktobeselective #raisethem
Being single is not bad.....being abused, lied to, and manipulated IS. Learn how to value PEACE over a... 
What happened to these days??? I sure miss them !!! 
Healthy kids day at the Y 
Brooklyn: mommy lets go to the gym
Me: mommy tired imma chill today
Brooklyn: mommy NO DAYS OFF 
Me: uggggghhhhh... 
Seeing what's wrong in others is sometimes a distraction that keeps you from seeing what's wrong with you.....IJS #doselfeval #checkourself
If you didn't wake up with any goals .....then go back to bed....do one thing today that will bring you closer to... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK> 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
60 Powerful Social Issue Ads That’ll Make You Stop And Think 
Finished my business cards. 
Tuh!!!! 
Love to see THIS #blacklove 
NEVER water yourself down for someone that can't handle you at 100 PROOF! #beyourself #stopeggshellwalking #lovemeorleavemealone
IN FLORIDA AND NEED SOMETHING NOTARIZED??? I AM NOW A DULY COMMISSIONED NOTARY-LICENSED, BONDED, AND INSURED.... 
Some people aren't loyal to you......they are loyal to their NEED of you... once their NEED changes, so does... 

KEEP GRINDING! Someone you don't even know is rooting for you, while someone you know isn't....#Keepgoing #youaregoingtomakeit
I have been looking for products to grow my hair back faster and my barber suggests pure lavender oil to his... 
This is really helping and it taste great! 
Ok im trying this 
Ok i have definitely not reached this level yet, shoot its tough for me getting out the bed!!!! Loollll 
Gotta get back to this weight #Tbt #ATL #2007 #beyonceconcert 
To my Shylyn Sims and Brooklyn 󾌬󾌬󾌭󾌬󾌭󾌬󾌬󾌭 
Piggy backing off of April's post!! We stay winning on every shade! 
Just over heard a man say he pay $422 a month for his family 4 plan phone bill, honey talk about metropcs all you... 
Just over heard a man say he pay $422 a month for his family 4 plan phone bill, honey talk about metropcs all you... 
Oh my gosh it feels awesome to be appreciated by your company! Thanks guys! Ill eat one candy per day! 
This dog is heated!!!!!  Looollll 
I love to see things like this! Father and Son embracing..... 
Wooowww now this is deep!!!! 
I do not have a mustache ming lee gosh! 
This can't be for real. 
If you are tired of running in circles......STOP cutting corners.... IJS
truuthhhh!!!!!!!!!!! 
PREAAACHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! 
Great story, really motivated me this morning 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK> 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
Pay attention to what you attract in your life. It's telling YOU something about YOU! #motivationmonday #trynahelpsomebody #selfreflect
Stop allowing negative people from your past, who have NOTHING.... to do with YOUR DESTINY, make you come out of... 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
Learn the difference between CONNECTION and ATTACHMENT. One gives you POWER, the other sucks the LIFE out of... 
Soooo attractive 󾌧󾌧󾌧 
Brought tears to my eyes, this story is so sad 
Tuh 
Me and my boos going swimming 
Honey look Looolll 
Sometimes you must forget what you FEEL and remember what you DESERVE! Those crazy emotions that make you... 
Some people you need to just add to your prayer list...and keep it moving.....
Cute lolllllllll 
This "cutting back" and "watching calories" and "exercising" is weighing me down.. Im getting weak yall.. I keep... 
Fighting for a place in someone's life when God has already stamped "NOT MY WILL" is wasted energy!... 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
Love my sisters! Yall know who you are󾌧󾌧󾌧󾌧󾌧 
Im gonna let it shine!!!!! 
My first big event for my company! Love seeing my hard work payoff!!! Pray all goes well!!! #Dutycalls 
Single life is the time to focus on becoming a WHOLE, COMPLETE PERSON instead of searching endlessly for a... 
Don't BECOME less than.....Don't ACCEPT less than..... BE WILLING to remain alone until WHO is WILLING to meet... 
You should never have to fight for someone's TIME, LOVE, or ATTENTION. If it's not freely given....... it's not... 

Wow, wish more men would think more intellectually like this and say it an mean it 
Had a blast in Orlando Friday, so glad to meet up for a night out 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
In light of black men getting gunned down on the daily I would like to Salute my father, My brothers Ricki... 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
Loved this video! He is speaking the absolute truth. 
Shylyn And her sisters! 
Melcia and me 󾌵 
#2013
Me and Shylyn Sims being extra silly 
I forgot siblings day yesterday! Shylyn Sims Mataeo Boyden-Sims Mataeo Boyden-Sims Teiona Sims or kids much... 
Yup I'm flooding the timeline today!!!! I'm celebrating my big girl birthday!!!! Shylyn Sims
Happy birthday Michelle Boyden. 
Happy 13th birthday to my daughter Shylyn Sims 
󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛 
󾆴󾆴󾆴󾆴󾍗󾍗 
Sad but true 
I did it yall, I got a membership for the girls and I at the YMCA, keep me encouraged, I'm not as motivated as I... 
well spoken Brian Lee 
Awesome!!!! Now that's love 
Loollllll 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Wow powerful words from Walter Scotts father 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
󾭻󾭻󾭻 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Happy resurrection day<SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO> 
Happy birthday to one of the great women of our history. She stopped  celebrating her birthday in 1968 because it... 
Happy birthday Jill from Philly 
Happy Easter lol 
Happy 72nd birthday mum!!!!!󾌧󾌧󾌧󾌬󾌭󾌭󾌭 love you mommy 
A temporary pleasure will never be worth a permanent pain 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
More pics Busch gardens with my love bugs 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻 
On the sky rider — feeling Chillin at Busch Gardens Tampa 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Coworker love Candace Jackson 
With my love bugs — feeling excited at Busch Gardens Tampa 
󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓󾬓 
Finally something positive 
THIS REALLY ANGERS ME.......DO I THINK THE RACE CARD WAS PLAYED??/ HELLLLLL YEAH! 
THIS IS SO HEARTBREAKING TO ME..... THE PUNISHMENT IS WAY TOO HARSH....THESE WERE EDUCATORS...NOT KILLERS... 25... 
Ijs, lol 
Looollll 
Tampa peeps! Please look! I pray they find this baby! 
My big girl, amazed how fast children grow 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
So sassy! Still trying to figure out where she got it from smh 
󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻 
Soooo funny must watch, 
Nope! 
󾌦󾌦󾌦 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Good read! Taking notes 
Went to church today and just seeing men worship and praise God is so impressive to me 
My baby got in my lipstick Again. Not ready for this teen thing smh
󾌦󾌦󾌦󾌦 
Just went to the dealership to purchase just a key the man told me have you considered trading in? my eyes lit up... 
Hilarious omg looooolllllllllll 
Must watch!!! This is what love is,,,,,, I pray for this kind of love to come into my life....that deep rooted... 
Real talk!! 
Tbt  #Barbados :#myheritage 
<SMILING FACE WITH HALO>󾠩󾆟󾆣 
Saw this Pic posted  from the storms/tornadoes in Oklahoma yesterday..,,nothing but Jesus 
Far too many people are looking for the right person..... instead of trying to BE the right person! 󾌦󾍇󾌵󾌸
Now this i like to see 󾌧󾌧󾌬 
Not every little detail lol 󾌦󾌼 
There can be no situation in life in which the conversation of my dear sister will not administer some comfort to... 
10 years ago.. on my parents 26th wedding anniversary... a phone call changed our lives forever. My only sister... 
Truth 
<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX>󾍛<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX>󾍛󾍛 
Truth!!!!!! 
So true, love hurts 
Who church is this????? 
Hello 
Im trying to get in shape.. maybe I need to get a dog like this... 
I'm so blessed to have my parents 
Tuh! Welp! 
󾍛󾍛󾍛<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX> 
Bwwwaaaahhhaaaaaaaa 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
This burns me up! You know dcf was called immediately!!!󾆲󾆲󾆲 
To all the curvy plus size voluptuous women out there we are ALL beautiful just the "weight" we are. Never mind... 
I love Empire but Power was first two totally different shows and storylines but I love both 
They did Bajan parents to a T, that is our mum......he must be Bajan eh brudda Ricki Foderingham 
󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴
Lawwddd󾌿󾌿󾌿󾌿 
West Indian grandparents 
Walking this track, listening to kendrick lamar, u already know where I'm at....,,,da beach 
Riding to a meeting with the top back with the boss 
Never call a west indian parent when you are in trouble LLOOOLLLLLLL They hit all the islands!!!! My mom would go... 
YASSSS!!!!! 
A person doesn't realize how hard you ride for them until you park.....
Happy birthday to my friend Kisha, you are missed 󾌹 rest in paradise pretty lady. 
Tide 1.25 liter on sale $2.94 plus  coupon in sunday paper 50 cents off. Reg $6.99 
Jolly ranchers big bag 99 cents at CVS 
Stay single until someone actually compliments your life in a way that it makes it better to not be single. If not, it's not worth it!
Thank you 
With my crew!!!! Love my girls 
Its ya girl!!!!! Cute at the beach hunny 
My childhood little sister paid me a visit, you know we had to hit up the beach 
At first I Didn't think this could be right, but it is!!! 
I mean everything 
Yasssdds 󾌧󾌬󾌧󾌭󾍇 
<VICTORY HAND>󾮝󾟙󾆴 
Lessssoonnnn 
Truth 
No matter how many times the teeth bite the tongue, they STILL stay together in ONE mouth. That's the spirit of FORGIVENESS! Happy Friday!
My big brother Adrian took me out to lunch today. He loves his baby sister lol 󾆩󾆩󾆩
Love you bro. I wish my other... 
Lollllll she did set it off 
󾦈󾦆󾥵󾥠󾥧󾥶󾥶󾥿󾥫󾥲 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
#Tbt #2007
#29Thbday 
Lolooolllllll 󾌺󾌴󾌴󾌴 #empire 
I got the sound track this morning and all I can say is AWESOME. This show has the best marketing.... I jammed... 
Don't allow emotions to take you where God didn't send you. #AMEN #thathithard #truthhurts
Love her license plate "honey hush"
Loolllll she had big hair and big shades on,,,go girl!!! 
Preach!!!! 
Sexy man 
Gotta get this outfit 󾌧󾌧󾌧󾌧 
Whoaaaaaaaaa 
And it don't stop 
You right 
RIP biggie.... can't believe its been 18 years!!! 
󾰛󾰛󾰛 
They found him!! Unharmed!!!thank you JESUS!!! 
To my peeps in port city....Lord help them find this baby that went missing this morning. Fran Green Mike Parsons... 
Motivation Monday: Freely make note of the ppl who question  your standards/boundaries and are not pushing... 
Good Monday morning 
Skating we busting our butts literally looollllll
Scientists Say That Women With Bigger Butts Give Birth To Smarter Kids 
This baby is jammminnnnn so adorable cute video...,he is looking for his baby 
Awesome Awesome Awesome i love this!!! We must embrace our black men!!!! 
Love thi<WHITE SMILING FACE> 
PSA: I am sprinting....full speed... out this door at 429pm today! Catch me if you can! 󾟙󾭝󾟙󾭝󾟙󾭝󾮝<VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND>
#Readytogo
#Thisweekhere
#Iwassobusy
Truthhhhhhhh 
Scandal is deep tonight....real issues that are going on as we speak.....
Meanwhile at the redbox at cvs.......looollllll for real girlfriend?????? 
Wow this is touching...,. 
Declare and decree over your life daily!!!!󾌳󾌳󾌳󾌳󾌳 
Wow amazing story 
Sick monster,,,,,we as women have to be extra careful who were date..... 
This story truly touched my heart today,,,,I'm still in disbelief rae carruth acted like that 
<VICTORY HAND>󾮝󾟙󾍘 
Bloop!!! 
Reality check! 
Carpe Diem ....Seize the day!!!! Do not allow NOTHING to disturb your peace.... you best believe.... Im seizing my day honey! #BLOOP
If this ain't the truth 
What you sayyyyy!!! Truth !!!!! 
At a business luncheon.... Cuban salad #workingwoman #dutycalls #handlingbusiness 
That would be mine standing,,,,my future boo knows his limits looolllllllll 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 
I had to take it back,,,,love this song,,,,, RIP 
This song here!!!!!!!!!! 
Brownstone - If You Love Me 
Ohhh no i love this group,,,,5 miles to empty was my jam 
My babies love the beach,,,,love being walking distance,,,,,
How I'm spending my Sunday afternoon󾁇󾁇󾁇󾁇 #Florida 
Taking the kids to see spongebob,,,,i think im more excited than they are lolllll 
Ladies????? Fellas what do we do????? 
Trouble is not always trouble! It is often God's way of making us LIE DOWN, TURN AROUND, SIT STILL, PRAY, WORK HARDER or START OVER AGAIN!
I love this 
This one is good!!! 
Im hollering looolll 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 
Lllooolllll im done 
This dress thing bout to drive me bananas,,,,,,󾌿󾌿󾌿󾌿 i see white and gold,,,, 
What you sayyyy!!!!!!!!!! 
#tbt with my big bro ....graduated with my bachelor's in business,,,i had this stupid braces on my teeth loollll 
Im so happy for this single mom of four,,,,this is awesome!!!!! 
Throwback Thursday St Augustine, Fl beach 1998 20y/o loollll 
Love stories like this!!!!! 
Wait a dayum minute....dudes doing this???? Im done 󾌼󾌼󾌼󾌼 
Its gorgeous today,,,,75 degrees 
Had to tell myself today....Never quit...If you stumble...get back up ...What happened yesterday, the day before... 
Preachhh!!! church!! 
Preach!!!!!!󾌬󾌬󾌬󾌬󾌬 
I love to see her smile,,,,,,,#myotherheartbeat 
My baby,,,,,love u shy boogie 
My baby got her hair done,,,,,,, 
I thank God for saying "NO" to some of my prayers..... #itwasntforme #formygood #closecall
Throwback Thursday first year in college at NLU 1997 18 years old,,loolllll 
Throwback thursday,,,,,Germany 2000... 
Doors are going to open.....I believe it...,watch!!!! 
Yasssss And I'm ok with that...., 
Just received great news from a good friend.....I love to see when friends and family prayers are... 
Throwback Thursday,,,,,,Shylyn and I had just moved to Atlanta....Shylyn prek graduation 2007 
So important to me,...󾆴󾆴󾆴 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Oh lort!!!! Loollll 
Shylyn Sims and her big sister Teiona Sims..... our girls are getting so tall..
These cookies are the biznessss.....lord have mercy!!!!! 
Happy birthday to my beautiful niece Takiya Muhammad,,,,auntie loves you!!! Muaahhhhhhh 
Im looking for someone in the Tampa/st pete area that can do box braids and/or kinky twists....if you know anyone please let me know....
Look at Valentine's! My daddy,,,my heart,,,my joy,,,,the man that has never let me down....and treats me like a... 
These cookies are tha biznesssssss!!! Ya heard!!!! Omg #girlscouts #savannahsmiles 
Soooo sweet 󾬕󾬓󾬖󾬔<HEAVY BLACK HEART>󾬑 
<HEAVY BLACK HEART>󾬔󾬖󾬓󾬕<HEAVY BLACK HEART>󾬔󾬖󾬓󾬕 
󾌳 
Happy Valentine's day to those who celebrate!!!!! 
Happy Valentine's from my coworker,,,, 
Love to see this! Something positive! 
So so sad...... 
Hahaaaaa󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 #singlelife #singleawarenessweek 
Lloolllll 
Where did the weekend go?????? 
Ladies night,,,,because we deserve a break from working hard all week
On my way to church today,,,,, 
I'm down for whatever whenever,,,, 
This pic is so deep Jumaane Aki Nurse 
My hungry face󾌨󾌿󾌨 
Hair done <HEAVY CHECK MARK>
Eyebrows done<HEAVY CHECK MARK>
Groceries<HEAVY CHECK MARK>
House clean<HEAVY CHECK MARK>
Time to hit these streets!!! 
Caption this pic,,,,oh this the girl who man been gone 2 days after a fight,,,,, 
Read the caption on the bottom ,,,,I keep saying God has the final say,,,,the media already trying to bury the... 
No more walking 21 miles to work,,,,,180k was raised!!!! 
This is some foolishness,,,im just in disbelief,,,,,smh 
Happy 5th birthday to my great nephew Jailen,,,,i love u sooooo much JJ,,,Aunty miss you ,,,,,love you niecy Tae... 
Awesome story,,,,,,this man walks 21 miles to work and 21 miles back ,,,ppl all around donated money that... 
Happy Monday,,,,cheers to another week to get it right!!!! 
Honey when missy came on,,,,,the whole room jumped up,,,i miss good music,,,,,󾆶󾆶󾆶󾆶󾆶 
Come Seattle now you wanna play D??? the game is over now,,,,Great game tho <VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND>
I love stories like this,,,what a testimony 
And I am so full!!!! 󾍆󾍆󾍆󾍆 
Get it girl!!!!! Katy perry performance is on point!!!! And Lenny kravitz is fiiinnneeee!!!!
Truttthhhh <HEAVY CHECK MARK><HEAVY CHECK MARK> 
Sang it John Legend!!!!!!
I may not be where i wanna be in life but I'm so thankful i'm not in neither of these too,,,,,REAL TALK! 
Tuh! 
So sad,,,,we gotta pray for this girl,,,, 

Hanging with the homies from Germany,,,its been 12 years but it's like we never skipped a beat,,,,now this is... 
Scandal back on ,,,,,i love empire too,,, 
Love this look 
Everyday! 
I love to watch children play!!! Look at Brooklyn
If you are persistent you will get it.....If you are consistent you will keep it.....
I love moments like this,,,,finally a positive story 
Rise and grind,,,,,nice to see the sunrise,,,,,reminder that I was given another chance to get it right!
I really want to see the movie "Selma"....and not on bootleg...I heard it is super powerful!!!
Pop quiz
1.What was Martin Luther King name before Martin? And who was he named after?
2. What city/state was he... 
Three times trying,,, third times a charm 󾆘󾆘󾆘 
Truth! 
Feels good to mark off tasks on your to-do list.....Now I'm thinking of a master plan.....its 2015.... we are not... 
This story makes my heart ache.....mental illness is real,,,, 
In ALL seriousness!!! 
This will be me as soon as I get home, lol 
When you walk into work after dealing with traffic and a thoughtful co-worker has breakfast on your desk....... 
Speak LIFE over YOUR life so YOU can LIVE!!! #thinkpositive #itsgetsbetter #mytestimony
Amen! 
Having a mom from the Caribbean has its perks,,,,plantains, buttermilk shrimp, tomatoes, carrots and squash, and... 
Its seriously time to book a cruise  somewhere.....I need to get away for some rest and relaxation....this will... 
Don't let one single thing hold you back!!!!! 

This must be in Atlanta,,,,lol 
Stepping out for some fresh air! Have a good nite yall!! 
Preach!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Honey, I walked outside and that hawk hit me!!!! Looolll Please cover your chest and head!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Im watching this now,,,,love these two actors 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
This was me this morning. Lawd 
Me today 
PSA: If you or your kids have the flu or flu symptoms, please don't go to work or school..STAY HOME!!! The flu... 
PSA: If you have the flu or flu symptoms, please don't go to work or school..STAY HOME!!! The flu spreads quick... 
Amen! 
Now this is ridiculous but at the same time should we be surprised????? 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
whoa!!! truth 
Werk!! 
TRUTH!!!!!! 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Absolute truth 
2015 in full effect!!!! 
2015 in full effect! 
You should never have to explain to anyone how you should be treated! #automatic #nothinglessthanaqueen
Amazing!!!! ladies please read!! I learned A LOT from this!!!!! 
About to roll out 
This is going to be a fun year,,,, 
Its 2015....we single...we beautiful and we about to have fun!!!!! Turn up,....yas I said it!!!! 
At it again with doing my hair,,,decided to go black/brown and a baby Mohawk in the back....permanent part on... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Yasssss, im starting now 
Mannn,,, look,,,,yall just dont know....,.God is able 
Being told that you are appreciated is one of the most simplest yet incredibly uplifting things you can ever hear! — feeling appreciated
All the best for 2015 hunny, lets make it GREAT!!!! I KNOW I AM...,, 
Yasssssssd 
Definitely for me,,,,hope you get something from this 
Hahahhah 
Bringing in new years with Jennifer Smith Sarah Jackson and Jennifer Capehart 
Girls nite in happy new years!! 󾭩<SPARKLES>󾔗󾔠󾔗󾔗󾔡 
Wow the last day of 2014....what a year ......It started out rocky ......hit a few bumps, potholes,... 
Oprah said this right....Happy New year's eve 2015 here we come!!!!!!! 
I hollered laughing at this video, poor child 
Broken crayons STILL color! Reshape and Reposition! #2015 #getready
The wrong person will have you thinking you are asking for too much when it's really them who can't offer that much....
To Shylyn Sims and Brooklyn....always remember,,,,, 
Woooow 
󾍇 
Keep pushing! 
Yassssss 
NYE 2014-2015 SHOES
#FLEEKCITY 
My daughter Shylyn Sims is growing into a beautiful young lady! 
At the park 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I love this pixlr app!!!!
So true,,,,,lets be thankful 
My baby loves her bubbles!!!!!
Shout out to the folks driving for  FedEx today because of the influx of presents and packages that couldn't get... 
Merry Christmas yall!!!! Dont put an X where CHRIST should be!!!!! #DontputXMAS 
Which one of y'all did this???? Looollllll 
It's been a great year! Thanks for being a part of it.
I've been out shopping all day and I must say I'm quite disappointed.., these kids of today are off the... 
Good idea for parents who children asked for $150-$300 beats by dre headphones!!!! 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 
Got our skinny tree up because we plan on eating healthier and getting slim and trim next year!!!! 
This how i felt today,,,,,,fix it jesus!!!!# 󾌳󾌴󾌴󾌴 
My boss and I being silly,,,,Merry Christmas 
What I learned in 2014..., 
2014 was the year of true colors!!!! 
Its funny how we ask God to change our situation .......not knowing that he put us in that situation to change us..,,,#foodforthought
Church flow 
I spent the evening doing my hair and Shylyn Sims hair for Christmas ...im still learning y'all so dont laugh... 
Great read 
Loolllllllllllll 
Shout out to ALL my teacher friends and family! I know y'all cannot WAIT till the last bell rings!!!
Teachers... 
Don't respond to foolishness or critics more than once or you'll validate their existence....,#bequiet #imlearning
Happy birthday to one of my longest childhood friends that IS a sister to me.....we have known each since we were... 
Tears,,,,,this has to stop yall,,,, 
So so sad,,,,story had me in tears 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
There's a million different ways to say I love you.....
"Put your seatbelt on"
"Watch your step"
"Get some rest"... 
The SAME boiling water that softens the potato...hardens the egg...it's about what YOU ARE made of....NOT the circumstance.....
Missing my friends today 󾌹- Yolanda Gamble Velda Gauthier 
I love this pic,,,I'm still feeling the energy from this concert last night,,,,, 
Its ok! We all have our days! Keep pushing, I am 
I just want to know!
Will it ever?
Is it a thing of the past? 
Make this week better than last week, I know I am!!! Happy Monday gents and ladies!!!!
Usher and JD really made this concert special with the I cant breathe tshirts and talks of humanity and peace!! 
There goes my baby!! 
USHER baby!!!!!!
I love surprises!!!! Last minute USHER TICKETS My status: CURRENTLY JAMMIN!!!! 
I'm not trying to brag but EVERYWHERE I have worked I have met the most amazing people that have truly looked out... 
Goodbye gift from my co workers!!!! Thank yall!!! 
I see you working.... 
I have to get this shirt!!! 
Everything will fall into place.... Just keep working..... keep pushing..... keep grinding it out....In due... 
I know ppl go thru hard times, but when you get your insurance check please get your door replaced#!!! 
Ummm, I love Christmas too but this is overload!!!!! Loooll 
I'm here tell you!!!!!!!!!! 
Amen, on time! 
Just when you think life hardships are too heavy to handle..... GOD comes in and reminds you that HE GOT YOU! I... 
Wow Profound 
Merry Christmas yall!!! 
FAM and friends please beware of thieves, scammers, and con artists they are out there STRONG this Christmas... 
Right! 
Absolute 
Excuse the "s" word lol 
It's time for dating to go back to square one,,, 
I love THIS!!!! 
Thank you to all my friends and fam for your continued love, support, and believing in me!! The phone calls,... 
Those who leave everything in God's hands,., will eventually see God's hands in everything!!!# #truestory #blessingsflowing
I will not fall! 
I love too see this 
󾌬󾌬󾌬 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FRIEND WHO IS A DIE HARD SAINTS FAN Elaine Marie!!! 
So glad I made it to church today, that WORD was for ME! #
DON'T YOU DO IT! 
Don't you cry another tear over people who are too selfish to see the qualities in you that... 
󾍕 

Happy birthday nephew!!! 
Yall didn't tell me get had a Christmas album!!!!! I hope he not whining and begging about a Christmas tree,,,,lollll 
Happy 5th birthday to one of my great nephews TAKAI!!!! Great Aunty loves you!!! Enjoy your day!!!!! 
Happy birthday Katrina Haynes,,hey Brandy James,,,Miss Yall!!! 
Happy Birthday lady Katrina Haynes 
Happy birthday Katrina Haynes!!!! 
Bill Maher was going off on Twitter !!!! 
󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛 
So the guy who filmed the eric garner murder gets indicted but the police that visibly murdered eric garner get... 
Im heated over this no indictment era  ... a week ago we were upset over Ferguson,,,now this???? Im in... 
If someone does something nice for you,,,,show your appreciation!!!! 
Who can relate????
I'm still trying to get a return on my investment...#bamboozled #swindled #hoodwinked 
Yasssssss 
Charlie brown christmas on yall!!!! #Onabc 
Everyday󾌳 
Merry Christmas yall!!!!!
Look at one of my handsome great nephews! He is indeed great! Love you jaylen!!! 
See that's the problem with putting others first; you have taught them you come second.....stop saying "yes" to... 
Folks who couldn't walk a mile in your shoes love to point out the scuff marks.....

If people can use "lol" without laughing they can surely use "I love you" without loving....don't be fooled.~DrFG
Yes hunny im not a three piece mix so go to kfc....loolll 
󾮗󾮗󾮗 
Mannnn i didn't want to get up this morning, but I'm blessed to have a job!!! 
Tuh! 
Amen 
Already been a year,,,,,R.I.P HANDSOME 
󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛 
All about that grace 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Be encouraged 
My Shy shy
My baby growing up...I'm still tryna figure out where she get this sassiness from.....Lawd!! 
Headed to a funeral to support a friend....life is short,,,,,be good to each other folks.... 
These shoes!!!!!! love them,,, You can mail them to me at.... ..,,,lol 
Stone cold truth,,,, 
Lolllllllll 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
This is so wrong!!!!# 
If any of you all had a food spread like this unfriend me now.....j/k I'm over here hollering!!!! 󾌳󾌳󾌳󾌳󾌳󾌳 
Omg have y'all seen the new GEICO commercial with salt n pepa on it??? It is hilarious! Happy Thanksgiving... 
I'm going home to cook!!!!! 
Truth!! 
Lollllll 
Amen 
I'm really in the mood!!! Financial blessings rain on me and my children,,,,amen 
Truth!!!! 
Tune in to the Steve Harvey show now....lots of heartfelt conversations about last nights disappointment
󾌹󾌹󾌹󾌹 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Prayers up tonight! 󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛
Rest easy sons!
 #emmitttill #trayvonmartin #mikebrown
 #Nojustice 
This picture of Mike browns father just breaks my heart󾬎󾬎󾬎 
This sign is the absolute truth! A 12 year old boy in Cleveland was gunned down by police yesterday.... 
A system cannot fail those it was never meant to protect W.E.B. DUBOIS
While this man is STILL giving a presidential address...Darren Wilson is planning his honeymoon with his new wife,....
Just sad! 󾌹 
Ok he can stop talking now....we already know the verdict......no need to re-live every second of this horrific... 
Happy Monday folks#!!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Boy I tell ya the enemy will try to put everything negative in your path to keep you from going to... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Making red velvet cake from scratch and sipping with my friend on a Saturday night
When you are at a red light thinking about your worries, your struggles and you start to complain ... then out of... 
They cutting everybody show 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
If you say you WILL.....be sure you DO.....
You can't even send your kids off to college no more.....What the what is going on???????????? 
No matter how positive you may be.... the devil will send negativity your way to see how positive you will... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Jesus snatch the wheel it is cold in Florida!!!!!! 
If you allow people to make more withdrawals than deposits in you life, you will be out of balance and in the... 
Someone asked me "is praying your steering wheel or your spare tire?"...... #hello #chinchecked
Respect people who find the time for you in their busy schedule.....but LOVE the people who never look at their... 
Dear Lord, 
Be at the center of everything in my life because without YOU I am off balance and spinning out of... 
If God shuts a door, stop banging on it!!!! TRUST that whatever is behind it is NOT meant for you!!!!.....#preach #lessonlearned
Right 
Oooo chile Monday here again 
I'm ready for my "YES" Lord!!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
<VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND> 
Cut life....im enjoying my short cut,,, 
Church flow with the fam,,,,pastor said take an us-e with your neighbor,,,lol 
The truth!!!!!!!!!! 

Joyriding in this 75 degree weather,,, the only reason i like Florida....lol 
Slapped in some blonde strands and some red lipstick,,,,feeling like a young girl today,,,,lollll,,happy Saturday 󾌬󾌬󾌬 
󾆴󾆴󾆴 
󾆴󾆴󾆴 
Tuh 
Right 
Ive been sipping on my tea allllll morning lol 
Mannn i could really go for some buffalo wings,,,,smh 
Ladies listen!!!!! 󾌬󾌬󾌬 
Right!!!!!!󾆴󾆴󾆴 
Just caught a flat on the highway with the baby ,,,,,,cars flying by,,,,,emergency roadside assistance... 
Honoring my brother James Pinckney Desert Storm/Navy Veteran....Rest In Peace bro, I miss you dearly......
Thank you to everyone who called, text, sent gifts, visited and showered Brooklyn with love this weekend,,,,she is a very happy 5 year old!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Big shout out to my co worker Yolanda Gamble,,,,,girl this week was soooo busy and we worked so hard... 
At chuckie cheese with the girls,,,,red ta go!!!!! 
Brooklyn and her friends eating cupcakes!!! 
Brooklyn loves her hats,,,happy birthday baby 
Happy 5th birthday to my Brooklyn!!! I just can't believe how fast time has flown....you make me laugh constantly... 
Get up off the floor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ok finally i can catch up with what these kids are saying,,,,,,,when i heard fleek,,,,i was like huh????? 
Dr Lowe,,,,,,my big sis,,,,,shut it down!!!!!## loooolllllll 
Thanksgiving coming up,,,,if your boo put this on the table,,,,,,,,then 
I woke up today in my bed.....
Not in a cell........
Not in a casket.........
Not in a hospital..........
So I... 
Poetic justice,,,,they nailed it 
Mommy and brook Halloween 2010 
Halloween 2010 
Brooklyn's first Halloween 2010 
Love and happiness folks! #Scandal
#Jake #fitz #crosseddaddypope #whatthewhat #shesaidshegotthatweapon
Scandal already going in and it's just 9:01 lawwwddddd!!!!!
the great pumpkin Charlie Brown is on!!!!! Yaaasssssssss 
Im just saying looll 
If you only pray when you're in trouble.....then you're in trouble #PRAYALWAYS
When you have a problem ....don't go to the phone... go to the THRONE!!!!!!!!!!!! AMEN the realest statement i've heard all week!!!
It keeps happening over and over!!!!! Whyyyyy 
Yaassssssss 
God bless the woman who gets up to get her own check! Happy Monday folks! 
The conversations with grandma and Brooklyn are intense,,,,lol 
Truth! 
I know God is able,,,,he had brought me through some storms and I'm not afraid to praise him,,,,praises go up... 
Taking mom and kids to church,,,,,we look good,,,,she 72 I'm 36,,,, #Barbados 
󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛󾍛 
Don't dig up in doubt what you planted in faith.....#havefaith #beencouraged󾌵󾌵
Remove and keep it pushing...life is too short.<VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND> 
Prayers up for my second family....the Harrells,,,keep them lifted in prayer! 
Tuh 
Just saw gasoline $2.89 ...man i haven't seen it that low since '06 or was it 96' ??? why ppl snapping pics of... 
Brooklyn!!!! 
Lil Kim Shows Off Baby Royal Reign 
Life!!!!! 
Honey get your refund because im STILL STANDING!!!󾆫󾆶󾍗<SMILING FACE WITH HALO> 
Stay out your feelings and get this money.....happy Friday folks!! 
To this day I can't nothing with Jacinta on it.. smh....LOL 
VERY SUSPICIOUS AND SAD STORY! 
Call me extra but why is this guy in plain clothes??? 
People will ALWAYS have something to say no matter what! 
Do what makes YOU happy and live YOUR life!
Everybody... 
Life is so short! You do not have to be old to die anymore..we have to take better care of ourselves. 
2nd Ebola patient from Texas hospital identified as nurse Amber Vinson 
YASSSSSSSSSSSS 
See something wrong with this pic? I do, negative marketing to the fullest. Smh 
This is not a joke! 
This is not a joke! 
I LOVE THIS! 
I AM HOLLERING OVER HERE... PLEASE WATCH!!! Yolanda Gamble Tamara Campbell Michelle Boyden Langdon 
Talking about our problems is out greatest addiction....Let's Break the Habit...and start talking about our JOYS!
Men wearing pink ties, pink shirts, pink ribbons on their suits.....More now than ever i see men supporting... 
Blessings overrun us daily. Remember what you do have somebody else is praying for.
#needtostopcomplaining... 
Stop looking for happiness in the same place that you lost it.....#FACTS
God never said the weapons wouldn't form...he just promised they wouldn't prosper...The trials and tribulations... 
Amen, i receive 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
󾓖󾓖󾓖 
Boy ppl will mess you up tagging you to some mess that will post on your time line....let me turn on my tag post... 
I promise you i left work JUST like this today,,,,talk about long week!!! 
24/7 
<VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND>󾟙󾟙󾟙 
The realest person on my team, no matter what happens, God is always there and never judges. 
You can only be young once,,,, but one can be immature forever,,,,

I admire people who CHOOSE to shine even after all the storms they've been through....it lets me know that FAITH... 
Everything that you are going through is preparing you for what you asked for......there is no testimony without... 
Do not ask "HIM" to guide your footsteps if YOU are not willing to move your feet. WALK IN IT!!!
#truestory
#newday
#walkingintogreatness
I will go ballastic if someone cough or sneeze without covering their mouth 
What's left unsaid.......says it all.

#Silenceisgolden
Be a good person...but don't waste time to prove it.....
#Knowyourworth

Has anyone heard of the student loan coalition program they consolidate your student loans to a very small... 
󾌬󾌬󾌬 
After seeing the movies "Outbreak"and "Contagion" and NOW seeing the Ebola hit the US, I am officially shook! The... 
Yaassssssss 
Sometimes God lets you hit rock bottom so that you will discover  that HE IS  the rock at the bottom!!!!!
#Amen... 
We hush when football comes on so hush for scandal 󾆶󾆶󾆶󾆶󾆶󾆶󾆶 
Energy spent on conflict........is energy STOLEN from production...Stop entertaining things and people that DON'T... 
Duty calls!!!! Happy Thursday Yall! Remember Scandal comes on tonight!!!!! 
GOOD FOR HER! SHE MOST DEFINITELY DESERVES IT... THAT PATROL OFFICER TORE HER UP IN A HATEFUL RAGE.......NOW SHE... 
Don't lose your flame trying to keep someone elses fire lit......<SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES>
The trees are about to show us how lovely it is to let the DEAD things go! 
#TUH #FALLISHERE #LETITGO
This story has me in tears....what a courageous and brave mother. I pray for a speedy recovery for the baby. 
Brook's picture day! Yay 
When they talk about you behind your back..............GOD will bless you in front of their face!! 
Let your... 
Congrats to my Shylyn Sims she received 6 A'S and 2 B'S on her report card!!!!!! I am so proud of her! Shylyn,... 
My baby girl is doing so well!!!# #proudmama 
Lort,this movie!!! Smh — watching No Good Deed (2014 film) at Muvico BayWalk 20 &amp; IMAX 
That moment when you are at a customer service window and the person is insanely rude and won't bend BUT instead... 
Tired of a broken heart? Stop giving your heart to ppl,,,...give it to God. Best decision i have EVER made. Yes I... 
People spending the night on a sidewalk waiting on a iPhone 6,,, but make every excuse on why they cant get to... 
This is so powerful and so deep..beyond words...I can't explain ..JUST WATCH YALL 
At work 10am in Florida and it is dark... 
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to STAND UP TALLER than you than you ever were. #TRUESTORY
Boom 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Just like your bed, your mind should be made up before you leave the house! Decide RIGHT NOW that today WILL be a... 
When you let go of what you want, God will bless you with what you NEED! Just let go...#TRUESTORY!
God has a stronghold on me right now....but I'm learning.....
#mandisappoints
#Godneverleavesmeorforsakesme... 
Its a shame i tell ya 
Yasssss ive learned to be quiet and just eat the humble pie!! 
Yaassssssss LORD. I RECEIVE THIS! 
Went to pick up my baby from daycare and car goes ablaze right in front of my car....a man grabbed my keys to... 
The more humble you try to be....the more you get tested...
#Humblepie
Reach out others! 
Amen 
I have and still make sacrifices so my children can be comfortable. They didn't ask to be here but they are here... 

English teachers???? 
Last night was open house at my daughters school; the school gave $10 Wal-Mart gift cards at the door as an... 

Yassssssssssssssss 
My father was in 2 car accidents in the last 4 days, BOTH not his fault.... walked away with not even a scratch!... 
Amennnnnnnn 
Clearly <SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO> 
Some people misinterpret depression as a feeling one "chooses" to have. WRONG! Look, Mental illnesses are real... 
I love my girls!! I pray over them constantly, the devil is busy and will put sick ppl out there to try and harm... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Amen 
Amen! 
Its happening FOR ME!!!! 
Amen!!!!! 
I have changed my name on my resume from "Jacinta" to "Jacy" I promise you now I get more calls, more leads and... 
Yaassssssss this is the truth! 
󾌳󾌳<SPARKLES><SPARKLES>󾭟󾭟󾭟 
Wow this was extremely interesting 
Yasssssssss my sis said that!!!!!!!!!! 
Now Thats real!!!!󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK> 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Trying to come to grips with this. 
<VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND><VICTORY HAND>󾟙󾟙󾟙󾟙󾟙 
󾮜󾮛<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX> 
Exactly!!!󾮗󾮗󾮗󾮗󾮗 
I'm having a great day and I feel good! My kids and I are well and ready to elevate to the next level. NO WEAPON... 
Yassssds 
󾌳󾭻󾌵<SMILING FACE WITH HALO>󾍃󾮗󾮟󾍘󾍛 
󾮗󾆴󾍗󾍑󾍒󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻<HEAVY CHECK MARK>󾭻 
󾦀󾦀󾦀󾦀󾥶󾥶󾥶 IJS 
Happy birthday to my only sister Lucretia...󾔑You are so missed by many....my heart will never let you... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Love this! 
Trutthh!##speakkkkk!!## 
Truthhhhhhh 
<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX><WHITE UP POINTING INDEX> 
Not sure if wiz even said this but there is a lot of truth to this quote
#Gottoletgo
#Overanddone
#Refocus 
#Truestory
#Rightnow
󾌦󾍛󾍘 
Truth 
Yaassssssss 
󾭻󾭻󾭻󾭻 
Happy birthday Michael Jackson! There's no one like you,,,you are one of a kind!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
RIP 
<SMILING FACE WITH HALO><SMILING FACE WITH HALO>󾆯󾆯󾍛󾍛 
The enemy has NO ANSWER for the FAVOR that is on you!
#Favoralloverme
#Blesshim
#Keeppushing
Tuh! The lies ppl tell,,,,get the facts straight
Tsk tsk tsk,,,, 
Tuh? 
Truth!!!!!! 
The truth doesn't change just because you don't wanna hear it.....
Some ppl can be so evil,,,You cannot prosper by "PREYING" on other people, the more you try to bring a person... 
Tuh? 


Received news from a person that her young friend stressed out,,,, never woke up this morning,,,,, possible... 
TRUTH!!!! 
Say ittttt!!!!! 
When a woman's fed up ......there ain't nothing you can do about it.......lol #rkellysaiditrighttttt #justcameontheradio
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Exactly 
Preach 
Realness right here!!!! 
Truth 
Preach!!!!! Lesson learned! 
Fyi-my email has been hacked if  you received any emails from my email address it is NOT from me.

Delete and you... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Do yall see this???? He is casually macing a child,,,,,This is getting out of hand,,,,this makes me very angry... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Very deep!!!! Can you name these young men? Life cut short because of hatred  󾍔󾍖󾍕 
Anything worth having doesn't come easy,,,,,but Lord I'm tired 󾍂 Ready for my breakthrough, ill wait on you,,, 
Every time you are able to find some humor in a difficult situation......you win....
#Laughnowlaughlater
#Thedevilstillaliar
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Yasssssss lort 
Amen!!!!!! 
Tell it! 

I AM.......
two of the MOST powerful words.... for what you put after them shapes your reality......
I WILL WIN
NOT IMMEDIATELY.......
BUT DEFINITELY!!!!
RIP 
Depression is real yall, there are ppl out here hurting, know the signs and reach out !!! I can't stress enough... 

Rita and I 
Ayeza Indira Nxumalo and I
My Brooklyn at the beauty shop getting her pretty on! 
Fix it Lord!!!!! 
If your mouth is out of control other areas of your life will also be out of control.....󾍕󾍕󾍕󾍕
Every statement... 
Be PATIENT.........
Or
Become A Patient....
Stress kills!
-My Dr.
Ok good to know 
Procrastination is the enemy to progress.
#gottakeeppressinnomatterwhat
My cousin churchin! 
Tuh! 
#Teamleo
#Baaaaa 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Yasssssss! 
Truth!!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Starting my daily verses and this one is so on point! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
No one is exempt from the trial and tribulations life brings!
Thanks to fam out there for the outpour of calls,... 
My heart is so heavy tonight, Prayers up fam! 󾌯

You know you are on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
#Thepastisexactlywhatitis
#gottaMoveforward
Listening to TD Jakes and he says

"Why do you keep rehearsing in your mind the very thing that takes your... 
Prayers up tonight! A lot of people out here need it!
Respond intelligently..... even to unintelligent treatment......
#Dontstoop
#Gottobethebiggerperson
I ate so much this weekend, time to cleanse  lol 
My big brother, my best friend, my over-protector who loves his little sister 
#Heis49
#Im36... 
Peace 
I'm switching it up this year, celebrating my birthday in church, where I NEED to be.

Event: My birthday in... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday love which started at 12am this morning!
I know I am truly loved by many... 
So true,,,,,leos are quick to be done,,,,, 
Too funny lol 
Another baby was found dead in a hot car today, excuse my language but this is ri-damn-diculous, i have literally... 
Keep PUSHING 
If you are interested, you will do what is convenient...... 
If you are COMMITTED, you will do whatever it takes.....
LEOS STAND UP!!!!!!!! 
You WERE NOT created to be unhappy in order to keep everyone else happy. 
RUN YOUR OWN RACE!... 
I FALL.
I RISE.
I MAKE MISTAKES.
I LIVE.
I LEARN.
I'VE BEEN HURT.
BUT I'M ALIVE.
I'M HUMAN.
I'M NOT PERFECT.
BUT.....
I'M THANKFUL!
󾌵󾌵󾌵󾌵󾌵󾌵
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction you can ALWAYS turn around.
#Keeppushing


#TRUTH! 
Precious! 
Amen!!!!!!! 
Yassdd 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Forgive others the way you want to be forgiven. We ALL mess up at times and do things that are out of alignment... 
People who no longer serve my highest good now fade away and exit my life peacefully. I bless them and release them. 

Amen...
Less attitude......MORE GRATITUDE!
There are ppl out there that need to be accountable for the wrong they have done instead of always pointing out... 
Looll 
Amen 
No matter what the circumstance is YOU NEVER EVER GIVE UP ON YOUR CHILD(REN)!!! Love them unconditionally!

#Coldworld
#kidsoutherehurting
Will it be easy??
NOPE.
Worth it?
ABSOLUTELY!!!
#GOFORIT
#CANTSTOPWONTSTOP
#Keeppushing
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Looollllll 
Be careful how you play your cards when you have a "Queen" in your hand!
#Putthatwomanfirst
#Treatherright
#Nothinglessthanaqueen
Brooklyn having fun in DC!
Summer fun! 
AWWW so nice!!!!!! 
We all have unfair situations. You can get bitter, or you can see it as fertilizer and say, “This difficulty is... 
I just love Kevin Hart! Cancer sign has the best ppl! 
When you faced with adversity STILL SPEAK LIFE! Start calling yourself healed, happy, whole, blessed and... 
Would You Do The Same? 
It time to set your own STANDARDS and stick to them! Never leave your place of PEACE to entertain their CHAOS!... 
Glad to be with my family at the beach this 4th of July!!!! #Lovemyfam #beenalongtime #wegrowhappytogether... 
Me and nephew Lucas Foderingham 
At the beach with my nephew Lucas Foderingham Jamaine M Patterson 
At a bar on Florida.....lol 
We cousins.......Looollllll 
I was tagged for the challenge so let me tag in return! This is all in fun and to celebrate being beautiful!... 
Have a great long weekend folks!! 
My new hair cut! 
SAY IT WITH ME!

I will NOT give up because this is MY season to flourish! I am ENCOURAGED, I'm a SURVIVOR and I... 
They dont! TRUST! 
yassssssssssssss 
Some people want to "hold you down" (support you)............. and some people want to "hold you down" (slow your... 
TRUTH! 
Before you take another journey...leave your baggage at the station...or it will turn into just another trip.
Lortttt someone just spelled the name and called me "Jucinda"...(blank stare)....I usually get "Juanita"..or... 
Be kind to unkind people.... they need it the most.....no need to be their reflection....
If you are PERSISTENT you will get it!
If you are CONSISTENT you will keep it!
#DONTGIVEUP
#keeppushing
Robin Thicke looking more and more like his daddy,ummmmm Paula please take him back,,,for heavens sake,,,,,#hesangthatsongtho
I AM HOLLERING RIGHT ABOUT NOW....AND IF YOU WATCHING BETAWARDS YOU KNOW WHY!! LOOLLL #MIKETYSON #CENTRICK
Watching the BET awards....Lil Wayne on the stage rappin.....
Mom: What is that boy saying??
Me: momma I dont... 
Declare and Decree THIS today:
I will not let ANYTHING or ANYBODY keep me from walking into my DESTINY! Just... 
Be reminded....What other people think of you..... is none of YOUR business!
 #Letthemtalk 
#Wastedenergyh... 
RIP BOBBY WOMACK ;( 
GO the EXTRA mile....its never crowded...... 
#goingaboveandbeyondfeelsgreat
Don't waste words on people who deserve your silence. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is... 
Happy 3rd birthday to my Great Nephew Jayden,,,Auntie loves you,,,, 
The first to help you up are the ones who know how it feels to be down....,#ilovemyfamilyandfriends
No one can steal YOUR peace without YOUR permission......
#youcanthaveminegetyourown
#stillstanding #peaceofmindpriceless
I was walking downtown and saw a man that was sleeping  get up from this cardboard box, there is also a man... 
My child in solitude at the beach..... 
Lolol I really crave chik fila on Sundays lol 
Moments like this are priceless!!!! I love my children.....a mother's love is unconditional 
So sweet for a father to show his daughter how to be treated like a queen!!!!! Love this!!!!!! 
Let's see how long I rock these braids....lol 
You can't give CPR to a dead situation.....let it go.......#buryit #keepitmoving
Yaaasssssssss amen! 
I've been teaching my dad how to text over the phone and he surprised me with this.....then i had to explain to... 
Seeing above the struggle to achieve the impossible!.....#pressingforward
Happy birthday to Ayeza Indira Nxumalo another sister from another mister...we clicked the first day we started... 
We get mad at people because they do not give us what we need, but ask yourself first: Does this person have the... 
Sometimes, we need to be hurt in order to GROW. We must lose in order to GAIN. Sometimes, some lessons are... 
Let people do what they need to do to make them happy. 
Mind your own business, and do what you need to do to make YOU happy.
If you think its necessary to judge me by my past, don't get mad when I put you there. LOL 
#BYE
#RP
#movingrightalong
#Isleepgood@night
My mom and great grandson 
My friend couldn't have said it better....Never a day off from Motherhood

I cant begin to imagine her pain. 
The moment you feel like you have to prove your worth to someone.... is the moment to absolutely.... and... 
When it's hard to move on, just remember the pain you felt while holding on. Healing begins when you let go.....#thathithard
If they miss you, they will call. If they want you, they will say it. If they care, they will show it. And if... 
Chilling at the pool....with Shylyn Sims 
Time for a change. I'm rocking my afro puff again. I feel beautiful and empowered..... 

"Sometimes you just have to shift your focus from
HOW DID I GET HERE????
TO
HOW DO I LEAVE HERE????" K.S.... 
This story brought me to tears......so encouraging.... you just never know what someone went through to get to... 
Change your attitude STOP saying "I'm going thru" and START saying "I'm coming out!" .....the realest thing I heard all day.......
Oh wow 

AMEN! 
Don't put yourself in situations where you're not going to win.......#reminder #movingforward
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
My baby with her grandma pooh!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Memorial day!
Somebody must have truly prayed for me last night because I woke up feeling so much better.....today is going to... 
So true. 
Reuniting with friends after 20 years.....can't believe how time flies.....good seeing y'all! 
DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT allow ANYONE to sit high and look low to judge you...EVERYONE has a chapter in their... 
Pray hardest when its hardest to pray....
#eatingmywords.#evenwhenthingsaregoodpray
#theenemylurks... 
Thank God we don't look like what we have been through!!!

#stillstandingpretty #ilookgooddespiteof
#keeppushing
#toughppllast
Don't let yourself be controlled by these three things: 
The past
People
Money
Old ways won't open new doors.....#loudandclear
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Shonda rhimes at it again!! I can't wait to watch this in the fall 
A good discussion came up about the cost of living.... We are in a time where everything is increasing but our... 
If you can't have the best of everything.... Make the best birthday of everything you have......
Hey yall....We have to start sending individual texts now....Please be mindful when you send a group text to... 
Hey yall....We have to start sending individual texts now....Please be mindful when you send a group text to... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
With my twin 
Love from my daughter 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Happy mothers day!! We are to make it! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Being a mother has made me into a better person 
To my mother who taught me to be strong even when I didn't want to be..  to the mother who brings out the best to... 
To the best mother in law in the world!!! Happy mothers day! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Happy mother's day! 
Moms and I 2010 tampa zoo 98degrees..... 

Happy Mothers day weekend to all my fam and friends. To my single parents out there....be strong!!!!
Be verrrryyy careful of the wolves in sheep clothing ....there are some evil ppl out here that mean u no... 
Honey my coworkers and I had chipotle today......now we all struggling... loollll 
Are you going to watch? 
Nobody can break you when YOU know who holds you together!!!!!....yasssss lawd! #Icantbebroken #rp
Love and hip hop ATLANTA was definitely off the chain tonight
..... it was Jam packed with excitement and I enjoyed every minute of it!!!!
THIS IS "CRAZY EYES" FROM THE SHOW ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK.....OMG SHE LOOKS AMAZING 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Yay for her 
0% lucky...... 100% blessed!!!! don't get it twisted!!!!!
My parents instilled in me that no matter what kind of day you are having....when u walk in a room with ppl in... 
#tbt I need to be on somebody beach right now 
#tbt Shylyn Sims and I ....in Barbados 
#tbt from 3 thursday ago.... 
I wanted to take the time out to say Thank you ....Thank you.... thank you.....I have the most AMAZING people in... 
Don't Judge me by my past ........I don't live there anymore......
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
For those of you that thought I was fibbing when I told you my daughter was taller than me 
Brooklyn loves outdoors!!! 
That Sam Cooke "a change is gonna come" is a great song that gets you thru tough times.....there is just... 
I sound just like Shirley Pinckney Lort!!!! 
Everyday I am teased with cupcakes, cakes,  pies.....I really have to resist today. .....I need someone intercede... 
If you didn't wake up with any goals .....then go back to bed....do one thing today that will bring you closer to... 
Mom and daughter being  silly 
This so funny because I look just like this lol excuse the d word 
Get back to my desk with this mess on my desk. They trying to keep me fat..boooooooooooooooo.......lol 
Don't judge me by my choices when you don't understand my reasons....CK
Who did it??????  I know the struggle is real but man.....loooollllllllll 
You were never created to live DEPRESSED, DEFEATED, GUILTY, CONDEMNED, ASHAMED OR UNWORTHY........you were... 
Church flow 
Church flow 
Me and niecy at chipolte.... 
My first time at chipotle y'all!!!!!!!! My coworkers took me out for my last day...love y'all...... 
You start leading your life the moment you realize your ability to conquer both YOURSELF and YOUR ENVIRONMENT.....
Well doggone......lollllll #onlyintexas 
Who brought the donuts????? Looolll 
#tbt 
#mystory #faith #dontgiveup 
#tbt #Nicole30th #luckielounge #2009 #ijusthadababy2weeksbefore 
#tbt #2010 #Halloween 
#tbt #2008 
MY ATL PEEPS....I CAN TOTALLY RELATE NOW....BEEN IN CAR FOR TWO HOURS.....CARS  EVERYWHERE....YOU SEE THIS LOOK... 
This snow is laying down like carpet....i better gas up! #Texassnow
My current situation....smh 
#fbf #rockingthefro 
#tbt #1997 #my brother #rip #imisshimdearly #icantletgo 
#tbt 
#tbt #inthesoundroom #myfirsttvshow 
#tbt #myfirsttvshow #mentalhealth 
#tbt  #gnli #Nicoleengagementparty #purplerainduluth 
#tbt #mymomandbk 
#tbt #meandmybrother #ilooovemybrother 
I just love this picture.:-) 
My baby made the school basketball team!!!!!!.....she is already 5'6 in the 6th grade so we know she got the... 
Sometimes......you just gotta give ppl to Jesus and wash your hands with situations.....no sense in getting your... 
#fbf #mykidsbignow 
#tbt #grad #09 
#tbt #masters09 #imsmart 
Ear infections are no joke.....i see why babies are cranky and cry when they get them....they are painful....ouch.....
In today's workforce....cover yourself with that paper trail......
The ART of communication goes a long way....most of us are not mind readers...so just say it.....assertively......ijs
Close some doors......not because of pride.....incapacity......or arrogance.....but simply because they no longer... 
You have a true friend when they call you first thing in the morning and say I was thinking of you...and I want... 
Hustle until you no longer have to introduce yourself.....#itstime #ineedtobemyownboss #gettingfocus
That nervous feeling when that check engine light comes on.... Lord please let it be something minor....
Never been so glad to see Friday......what a week.........#happyhour #iwasbusy #ontherockswithsalt
I thought ATL weather was crazy.....well Texas weather crazy too....lol 
We don't grow when things are easy.....we grow when we face challenges......
#tbt #70sbdayparty #supafly 
Giving up because of ONE setback is like slashing your other three tires because you got a flat......DON'T GIVE UP! KEEP PUSHING!!!!
Those who tried to break you are expecting you to be in fight mode.....Conquer them with your peace.....ijs
When I lost all of my excuses.....I found all of my results......
A lack of boundaries invites a lack of respect! Ijs
#tbt #LA #2011 
#tbt #venicebeach 
#tbt #Hollywood 
#tbt #LA #2011 
#tbt 
#tbt #iwas8monthspregnant #missmygirls #bighatmybabyshower #copelandsatl 
#tbt #gnli2010 
#tbt #my mom #looksgreatfor70 
#tbt #myparents #fireofbrazil #2008 
#tbt #myparents #2003 #brotherandsis #stpetefl 
#tbt #gnli #healteam 
Happy birthday Dr. MLK because of you I can be anything I want to be...... 
Ladies this bath and body mist....moonlight path..... is the absolute truth....i looooove this body spray....... 
Wow ok... 
Time to dismiss the drama 
I've been taking this vitamin supplement hairfinity for two weeks...and I do see a difference in my hair....more... 
Wow..true 
WOW ok ...you go girl 
This pic speaks volumes.....kids DO WATCH US 
Parents please don't embarass your    kids by walking them into the school in your adult pajama onesie  not... 
YESSIIIRR! I hope they come to Dallas....if not roadtrip to ATL! 
#Mondayworkflow 
#Monday #mommyworkflow #mytwin 
Motivation Monday.....let me go ahead and start writing my New York times bestseller.....i got a story to tell.... 
SOOOO TRUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YASSSSSSS HUNTY! 
WOW 
He is getting down hunty! 
And I'm red Ta go! 
#tbt #ifoundthispiconpinterest 
Sometimes the best way to say I Love You is....Goodbye.
IJS
Right! 
#TBT #SOUTHBEACH #2012 #momsdaysoff 
#tbt #Miami #2012 #girlsweekend 
#tbt #mindlessbehaviorconcert 
#tbt #iwasslim 
girls trip to California 
#tbt #mybiggirl #iwaspreggers 
#tbt #ATL 
You have to chase your dreams until your dreams get tired of running.....keep pushing.....#closer
It only gets better from here.....keep pushing.....=)
Not everyone you LOSE is a LOSS........ijs #thinkonthat
This is true..... 
Return to sender.....i don't want it.....dont need it 
This says it all...stop wasting your time with self absorbed ppl ...just leave them be...you deserve so much... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Okkk... I believe in ride or die for your boo.....I really do.....but ummm girlfriend went a little too far with... 
Come on B.E.T.......out of all the good movies to play on New Years....y'all broadcasting PRECIOUS????? That is... 
Thought for the first day of 2014.....Start realizing your WORTH...and stop giving people discounts...DO NOT let... 
RIP Uncle Phil 



I Love Paula white 
Righhtt......some ppl just too old for the games 
Wave BYE BYE to the pain, the hurt, depression, fear, lonliness, betrayal, abuse, suffering, fatigue, debt....We... 

Mommy sent this new years card to me just in time........i needed to read this..... Love and miss you... 
This is dedicated to those of you that may not have had the best year, or lost someone close to you maybe your... 
It is the last day of the year and the enemy is STILL trying  to throw his last jab at me....notice I said... 
Girlfriend is so serioys about this pic.....she said her outfit is the absolute truth hunny..loooll 
Take responsibility for your actions ....you only look like a fool when trying to blame other people for your behavior.....ijs
I remember my mom carrying these little books in her purse when I was a kid .... This little book gives me life... 
I look up to the ppl who keep dancing even after the music has stopped, because these are the ppl who will keep... 
Whoa thats deep 


Faith fuels success, fear fuels failure. Will you choose premium or low grade fuel for your life?... 
Its Sunday morning and my girls and i need to be up in somebody church...not just any church but a church home... 
Happy Sunday! What gospel song(s) touches your heart and soul EVERYTIME you listen to it??????
To my Beyonce fans.....the song drunk in love on repeat...... 
LOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL 
Sad to say but there is a ton of ppl in jail for something they did not do..... 
Be a man/woman of your word..... 

Go head Bey! Hope you enjoyed it! I miss My PDX crew! Ayeza Indira Nxumalo...Thea-Donora Williams....Chelle... 
Curious? Has anyone seen Anchorman 2 or Mandela? I haven't heard a word about them?
My old co-workers at Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen in Atlanta said Jay-z and Beyonce came thru to eat tonight... 
Im just heartbroken....:( 
PHOTO SHOOT! 
OUCH! but true.. 
I had to share this.....homeboy is getting his food....even if he has to get it thru the sunroof...LOL 
For my FB friends that are going through.......It is on somebody's agenda today to upset you, make you cry, try... 
2013 Revelation.....Everybody won't understand everything because everything is not for everybody! Keep doing you... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Where oh where does this girl get her sassiness from 
This little girl gives me life 
This is  that I have been through some stuff and I made it face! Yeah this is going to be me in 2014!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Me and my girls.....at the end of day...they matter the most to me..... 

Yassss.... 


YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! 
READY TO START ANEW.....Giving the gift of "good-bye" to everything holding me back, limiting me, draining me &amp;... 
What I have learned the hard way in 2013...... 
Loolll parents did this.....soooo hilarious 
This soundtrack is awesome.....and yes can you stand the rain is on here too.....lol 
My 11 year old is singing every single word to "Can you stand the Rain" by New Edition.......and has not seen the... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
........the best Christmas gift I received today is being with my daddy.....he is 73 years old and he drove... 
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO MY FB FRIENDS AND FAMILY.....Today, I am blessed to be surrounded by the love of my girls, my... 
Its been a trying year for me but I know something GREATER is coming.. 
Every doggone morning 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Lol 
So wrong....lol 


Not trying to be a bah humbug.... but I am ready for the Christmas season to be over ....the holiday stress can... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Monday work flow.....i wish I was a teacher right about now....i would be on somebody cruise.... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
At chucki cheese with the kids at a birthday party and a parent from another party is wearing a shirt with the... 
You gotta read this. ?. It will save your life. 
Right 
Yes can I get a venti latte extra foam! 
Looollll 
Right 
im not understanding the point of this trend.......do you? Smh 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Its Friday and Im ret Ta go.... 
Don't be classy on the outside and nasty on the inside......be nice.....it goes a long way....ijs.....
If you think "small" you will live "small"......#beabigdreamer #dontbesocomplacent
Just Random....I seriously need to learn how to cornrow braids ....hem pants....and sew on a button....i would... 
#tbt #taboo2 #2009 
#tbt #jaxbeach 
A delay does not mean a denial.......ijs
People will always tell you what you did wrong, but will hesitate to compliment you for what you did... 
#tbt #therealwomenofatl #2011 #sundial 
#tbt #ohio 
#tbt ,#todaynoellebday 
#tbt #fancy 
#tbt #sundial #2011 
#tbt #gnli2011 
Always laugh when you can........it is cheap medicine.....
If things go wrong today....don't go with them..... ;-)
Ok now I wish I was back in Atlanta......LOL 
RIght! 

RIGHT! 

Wow Christmas is a week from today....Ready or not....here it comes.....
YASSSS!!! 


If you're upset that some people only contact you or reach out to you when they want something from you.
They will stop......when YOU do.
yall killing me.....LOL 
In spite of everything you've been through........you STILL gotta say.....THANK YOU!....
#INTHEMIDSTOFYOURTEST... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Do not get upset with people or situations......BOTH are powerless without your reaction......ijs
Yesssss 
They wrong lol #blueivy 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Sometimes the chains that prevent us from being "free".... are more MENTAL than PHYSICAL ........#PHIL4:13
Happy Monday! Rule of the day......I WILL NOT FAIL!!!!.....#Selfaffirmation #imachampion #winning


Watching this Mandela funeral makes me want to visit South Africa even more.....beautiful place......
Love Jones is on BET......yassssss.......love this movie.....so sexy!!!!!
Good read! 
loooolllll 
looolllll tooo funny 
#tbt means throw back Thursdays.....you post old pictures of yourself.   friends.... family.... and events.....
#tbt #mayo #Mary #jacintacooked 
#tbt #jacintacooked 
#tbt 
#tbt #trouble 
#tbt #my30th b'day #velvetroomatl 
Just walked by H&amp;M they got a sale on toddler and baby clothes!!!! Jeans $5....shirts $3-$5....shoes $7.....hats $3.. ...
#tbt #jillscottconcert #2008 
#tbt #pdx19 #jayzconcert #stats 
#tbt #Dallas #2007 
#tbt #Houston #pappadeauxmgmt 
#tbt pappadeaux crew 
#tbt Atlanta zoo 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
You can be pitiful or you can be powerful ....
But you can't be both.....so take your pick......~JM
#tbt 
#tbt 
#tbt 
#tbt 
#tbt 
#tbt taboooooooo 
#tbt 
#tbt 
#tbt 
#tbt 
Am I hearing right.... nine west is going out of business???? Nooooooo

Get yo soooouullll glow! And activate your faith 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
See that's why I go to popeyes.....lol 
I have never been to Chipotle.....what is all the hype about???
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Smh 
Smdh! 
Feeling sad today.....missing family and friends.....:'(

All white everything! 


SHOUTS OUT TO THE PEEPS IN DALLAS THAT ARE ATTEMPTING TO GO TO THE KANYE/KENDRICK LAMAR CONCERT TONIGHT.......I... 

This ice storm here in Dallas, Texas is no joke.... the doors to my car were sealed shut..so I could not get in... 

Knowing the difference between right and wrong is one thing, showing it in your actions is another.............


"IT ALWAYS SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE UNTIL IT'S DONE"~Nelson Mandela
#myfavquote
#rip

I can't wait to start getting my Christmas cards from friends  and family in the mail! Hint hint
My moms country...Happy Independence day #NOV30 

So so sad...... 

oooooo wooow! BOOM! 
PRINCCEEEEEEEEEEE 
"You can take my wings .....but im STILL gonna fly"........janelle monae
I definitely can relate. 
My baby ready for Christmas!!!! 
Jacinta.....my child.....you worry too much.....I've got this, remember?

Love God

DID I JUST SEE VANILLA ICE???
DOUG E FRESH STILL GOT IT GOING ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BIG DADDY KANEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
 STILL FINE!
REGULATORSSSSSS!!!! Warren G looks great! Has not aged a bit!!!
RIP Nate Dog
Warren G looks great! Has not aged a bit!!!
RIP Nate Dog
Good Read for the ladies..... 

WOW Tyrese...this man is hurting...Read below 
Heartbreaking.. sooo sad... fast and furious was just on last night .....such a handsome gentleman....Fast and... 
THATS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!! 
What did lil kim do to herself? SAINTS PRAY! 
People that are connected to you DON'T leave you! If they left, that means that God has something GREATER in store for you!
I am so happy for her...I can see happiness and joy all over her....I LOVE IT! 
SELF-PRESERVATION: You gotta have your own back. Don't let your peace and joy and hope walk out the door simply... 
You gotta have your OWN back. Don't let your peace and joy and hope walk out the door simply because they did!... 
If you THINK down, you will LOOK down! Why would you want to do that!??? Think Up...Look Up...Stay Up...Get... 
story of my life.....i feel you trent.... 
Loooolllll 



bwwaaahahaaaaaaaa 
This is how I look when somebody said you want some more food/?/?? 
Ok two last things things and im done..... Who has some of that banana pudding with the Pepperidge farm chessman... 
I.can't.eat.another.bite........im.done.lol.
Woooooow 
You know it's about to go down...when Jacinta shows up to thanksgiving dinner in sweats....lol....i don't want... 
yassssssssss 
ALTHOUGH I AM ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WORLD...AND I MISS THE HECK OUT OF MY FAMILY.....I AM SO AT PEACE... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL....I AM THANKFUL FOR MY LIFE,,,,MY PARENTS, MY BABIES....MY FAMILY.... MY FRIENDS, MY... 
Who did this? LOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL 
yassssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Thanksgiving potluck/dinner Rule #2: NO EXPERIMENTS. if you decide to bring a dish ...do not bring something you... 
THAT JACKET AND BOOTS THOUGH 
ME ALL DAY 
Thanksgiving potluck Rule #1...please don't invite yourself, fix your plate first and then fix a to go plate... 
Fb peeps have you or someone you know ever used hairfinity???? Did it work? How long did it take for you to see results?
Winning is determined by where you set the Finish line.....hmmmm.....I'm more of a marathon woman....I just keep... 
If you're praying and believing and your situation is STILL not changing, perhaps God is using that situation to... 
YESSSS HARD LESSON BUT LEARNED IT.... 
I LOVEEEEEEEE THIS PICTURE...ITS NICE TO SEE A HAPPY COUPLE!!!! ALL THE BEST KANDI AND TODD!!! 

2013 realization for me..... you CANNOT PLEASE EVERYONE Sometimes you have to do what's best for YOU and YOUR... 
WOW this is deep! 
BWAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhAAAAA 
WOW! 
RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Kids need to know what parents sacrifice so their kids can live comfortably...be thankful... 
Kids need to know what parents sacrifice so their kids can live comfortably...be thankful...
ATL peeps a friend if a friend daughter has been missing since yesterday morning since she left for school please... 
So true 

When the show starts with "Viewer discretion is advised" you know it is about to go DOWN! SCANDDDDALLLLLL
#REPOSTCARYNNPORTER
He.built.that.house.for.her....I had to let a tear go........
#JACINTAFELLOFFTHECOUCH
#SCANDAL
#repostBiancaGordon
WOW IM AMAZED 
RIGHTTTTTT 
DONT LET THE STRUGGLE TAKE YOUR FAITH!!!!!!!!! RISE UP! 
YASSSSS .....WONT THINK TWICE ABOUT IT! LOL 
Remember this at Atlantic station...Wow Nisha dreads are down her back now.... 
#TBT first Christmas in ATL 2007 
I CANT STOP LAUGHING.. THIS IS HILARIOUS!!! I DUN FELL OUT!! 
#TBT ESSENCE FESTIVAL 2007
#WIPEMEDOWN 
#throwback thursdayTBT# When i first moved to atlanta 2/2007 

YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT SOMEONE IS GOING THROUGH......AND THATS REALL 
THIS IS SO DEEP.....I LOOOOOOOOOOVEEEE KENDRICK LAMAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLL 
THanksgiving setting! Get it ready! 
We have to choose joy.....and keep choosing it.. ...H.N
BE CAREFUL who you invest your time in, some of the people your heart would die for, have plans on killing your... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
PSA: be sure to check you bank account everyday....even if you have a lot money in the bank....i looked at my... 
At my desk I have a bon voyage card from my last job. My supervisor wrote: Jacinta......God's Speed!!!! Notice... 
...if the elevator to success is out of order, you’ll have to use the stairs---one step at a time...#keepPressin#MYDEEGREEN
"It can't rain forever".......Kandi Burruss
THIS IS ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! 

YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 


"You know someone loves you when they invest in you without knowing if they will ever get a return."
-KEM

NOW THATS LOVE FOR REAL!

NO MORRIS ....THANK YOU....FOR THOSE TWO SEXY SCENES YOU GAVE US... GOOD LAWD ! 
SOOOO DOGGONE TRUE! 
I need to print this out and put this on my desk! 
AND YOU KNOW THIS! 



I need your help ! Please take this survey for me I am collecting data for my class project.
 Here is a link to... 
This girl is on fiyah.... 
My Baby came out the womb posing..... 
Me : do you like this jacket Brooklyn... /???
Brooklyn: its a little edgy mom
Looool 


okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
YASSSSSSS 
This is all in fun and I enjoyed reading my friends unique things about them.....I was given #10 and #3 at the... 
I love this sweater 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 











Looooollllll 

I really like this! 

I was told unfiltered ...unpasturized...apple cider  is a must have in your house because of the many uses....but... 
Racetrac has free coffee, hot chocolate, and cappuccino any size all week.....24 hours.....til saturday plus they... 
Today make sure you have your chest covered...and ears stuffed with cotton balls.... this is that pneumonia... 
Happy veterans day to all military!!!!!RIP to my brother James "Rod" Pinckney.. Retired Navy Vet...I miss you sooo much :'(
FYI Tomorrow is veterans day... banks and post offices will be closed....MILITARY PEEPS...go and get those... 

That poncho tho 
Me: Brooklyn say your grace over your food
Brooklyn: Our father.... doing art in heaven......fight the power......amen....
LOOOOOOLLLL
One place parents absolutely dread to take their kids.......Chuckie Cheese....aka Showbiz Pizza.....parents leave with a 2day headache lol
At Chuckie cheese 
im guilty too..LOOOLL 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
My little sassafras 
Its a smalllllll world.....how about I ran into my childhood friend today at my new job... We have not seen each... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I miss my baby being this small! 
They grow so fast ..... 
Im ready
Im ready 
I am mighty blessed today. Im starting my new job on my baby birthday.....i live 8 minutes away from my new... 
I am mighty blessed today. Im starting my new job on my baby birthday.....i live 8 minutes away from my new... 
Learn to shut people down EARLY. When you see their intentions are leading you down a path that you don't wish to... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SWEET BABY GIRL BROOKLYN!!! SHE WILL BE 4 TOMORROW.....YOU ARE AN AMAZING LITTLE GIRL WITH... 
Watched the Iyanla Vanzant FIX MY LIFE series featuring Terrell Owens on the Oprah Network.....HAD ME IN... 

Look at us trying to act like them young girls...LOL 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
My 11 year old 5 foot 4 ...she better werk that runway..... 
Sophia caught a pic of me 
Cousin love .....spencer and shylyn 
IS THIS THE DRESS OLIVIA POPE WAS WEARING THE OTHER NIGHT??? 

Tonight PULL your clocks back......and PUSH your dreams forward!-Jamal Howard
This fight is not flesh &amp; blood. It's spiritual. So, stop arguing with whoever &amp; pray instead....
Rise and Grind....Good things happen to those who hustle.....
The quieter you become....the more you can hear.....SHHHHHH
Food for thought: Old ways won't open new doors.......
I got my hair did!!!!! 
My baby girl 
....Fathers...daddies... Papa...etc...in all seriousness...PLEASE don't be the first man to break your daughters... 
Good movie! 
Don't sit in doubt, move in faith!!!! ~Paula White

THEY ALREADY GOT THIS OUT&gt;&gt;LOOOOLLLLL 
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Please stick to the rivers and lakes that
You're used to
I know that you're gonna have... 
OOOOOOOOO On the TLC tip! Some of yall have  no clue what Im talking about..LOL...but Ill just say I am looking... 
IM A CHAMPION 
Remaining calm in adversity is a sign of great spiritual strength. No matter what’s going on in your life right... 
Remaining calm in adversity is a sign of great spiritual strength. No matter what’s going on in your life right... 
THERE IS SO MUCH TRUTH IN THIS 
Life is too short for the drama. Avoid toxic people and toxic situations. #RUNNNNNNN #notolerance

IM NOT SKINNY BUT IM PRETTY 


Ooo this outfit 

FOLLOW YOUR HEART BUT TAKE YOUR BRAIN WITH YOU!!!!!...#RIGHT ON...#HIFIVESCHUCKIEROUNDS

THAT SKIRT AND THOSE SHOES THO 
CUTE 

REAL SITUATIONS EXPOSE FAKE PEOPLE 





DOnt hate boo i can still get in my hoops....LOL 
ill be watching 
LOOOLLL 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Check out my new Avatar! 
Yeah I am addicted to the Bitstrips: The App... it is so hilarious...and my bitstrips look like me.....yall have... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 


I posted a new photo to Facebook 




Im About to make some homemade chili....and hot water cornbread.......just one of those chill days....
Wow......look what they say about me and my fellow leo-nites....TRUE, LOYAL and HONEST FRIENDS.... 
hmmmm 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Happy hout Friday night beamers......yes im grown..lol 
Birthday party at beamers..... 
Girls night out....just like college days.... 




I posted a new photo to Facebook 







About. To hit the gym yo 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Guess who is at the gym??
That blouse tho 
This color tho! 

hottttt 
Its time to get my boot game up! I have been seeing some sharp boots and coats out there.....





yes sirrrr 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 


Love this app~ 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 



SAYYYYYYYYYYYY ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT! THEY AINT PAYING NUCHINNNN! LOOOL 
I reallly like this! 
I had to get my morning fix...LOL 
LOL 

KEVIN HART GOT ME OVER HERE CRYING.....THAT BOY IS A FOOLLLLLLL.........looolll
GO HEAD BORIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHO SAID LITTLE KIM LOOK LIKE SNOOKIE LOOLLL....
DIDDY NEED TO TAKE THAT BURGER KING HAT OFFF.....HE HAS NOT HAD NO HITS SINCE MASE....#CHILE BOO......LOL
LOOOOLLLLL 
Watching the BET hip hop awards ....just the cyphers of course...... and im on the fence about hip hop.....but... 
How people treat you is a reflection of how they feel about themselves...not you! Sooo if they're treating you... 
He should be holding you down...not breaking you down! #relationshipcheck



OOOOOOO HUNTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WOW .....THIS IS NICE....IMMA HALF TO DO THIS FOR ME ONE NIGHT :) I LOVE STUFF LIKE THIS 
LOL 



MY MOTTO!!!!!!!!!!!!! YESSSS 
OOOO YESSSS 


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
My baby got her ears re pierced 
cute announcement.... 
Your true friends will always find a way to help you. Your fake friends will always find an excuse. #knowyourcircle

yesssssssssss! 



You know that you are growing and maturing when all that you can do is smile at people and their ignorance. No judgement, just love.
"GOD WILL DO EXCEEDINGLY AND ABUNDANTLY; ABOVE ALL WE CAN THINK OR IMAGINE" EPHESIANS 3:26 #IMREADY
OKOKOK 

YESSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 


I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Walking dead fans!!! Season 4 starts tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOO HOOOO!
Girls night out....just like college days.... 
loooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllll 

loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 
BOOM! LOL 









Nope no ones permission... 
yes maam 


GET YO SOULLLLLLLLLLLL GLOOOOOOOOOOOO....YEP I HAD ONE 
Time waits for no one....and neither do I #GRABBINGLIFEBYTHEHORNS #WHOELSEGONNADOIT? #WAITONMANGETDISAPPOINTED

bwaahahhhhaaaaaaa 




Love this nephew....,,, 
Thank you fam for the  prayers. My sis in law is doing great.... 
I made it to Dallas y'all......thx for the prayers ....phone calls .....and text messages.... for traveling... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

RIIIGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHTTTTTT 


okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 



I busted out laughing when I saw this .....lollll 
I've been behind this armored truck for two hours.....and I just watched the movie "set it off"....and... 
Deuces atl its been real....but its time to get back to the money.....#IMOUT #NEWLIFE #EVERYTHINGISBIGGERINTX #YOLO

IM DEFINITELY A SOLDIER.....I THOUGHT I TOLD YA 

IM DOWN WITH THAT! 

People who belittle you and try to tear you down only magnify THEIR weaknesses, NOT YOURS! Love 'em but rise above 'em!
Whatever you do, always give 100%!!!!
. . . unless you're donating blood....lol....#THATWASFUNNY
SAY IT!!! 


lol 
Okkkkkkk 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I got my hair did!!!!! 
Wait .....these are not coming back are they?????? 
Ok y'all know I'm always down for the cause but before you print 1000 signs and post them all around town... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Wow so wrong on do many levels 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
That coat she had on tho?????? #flyashell #mortgagenotetho 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 



Yesssssssssss 

More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them...ijs #OWNUPTOIT
Everybody has the power to make someone else happy. Some do it by entering the room, while some do it by leaving. lol #BYEBOO #EXITSTAGELEFT
Stay strong!!! Make them wonder how you're still smiling. :)
Live your life, take chances, &amp; be crazy. Don't wait...... because right now is the oldest you've ever been &amp; the... 
There are two types of listeners- The ones who actually care, and the ones who are just nosey. ijs
I don't know whats more awkward, answering Dora, or sitting in silence while she stares at you. LOL  #watchingdorawithbrooklyn
"The quickest way to get someones attention...... is to no longer want it!"....ijs
LOL

#rightonchuckie... 
The quickest way to get someones attention...... is to no longer want it....ijs
LOL

#rightonchuckie

When you feel like God is doing NOTHING, that is when He is probably doing the MOST!.....THE TEACHER IS ALWAYS... 
I pray this for me and the people that are in the struggle right now.....some ppl will never understand because... 

Not everyone will understand your journey. That's fine...It's not their journey to understand. It's yours! #cantwaittobegonefrmga

ATL PEEPS! DO YOU KNOW ANYONE THAT DOES HITCH INSTALLMENTS FOR THE LOW??????

 I ALREADY TRIED U-HAUL THEY ASKING... 

Have you read this book? If so what do you think about it? 
tooooo funny 
disguised 
I am reminded of the people who have hurt and tried to destroy me. But the Lord has instilled a strength within me... 
"I am in my feelings this morning...ministering to myself. When there's no one around and no one to lean on, to... 
Today is the dawning of a new day, My season of frustration and failure is over, and I walk in a season of... 
SOOOOOO TRUEEEE! 

very pretty but it will only last one night! 
Remain calm in every situation because PEACE equals POWER! Lights Out, Prayers Up Yall!!!!
FOR SALE: SAMSUNG DIGITAL FRONT LOAD WASHER... A YEAR OLD ...........ALSO KENMORE DRYER....INBOX ME FOR DETAILS........
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

I SHOLL DID 


SOOOOTRUE! thanks mom! 

My baby is going to be a poet...... 
My baby wrote this by herself.   3 years old 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
ABSOULUTELY FLOORED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS WOMAN CAN SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNGGGGGGGGGG! AND SHE LOOKS... 
Pretty girl swag!!!! 

LOL 
I'm just Happy Today! MY Tears are WATERING MY SOIL of SUCCESS! I went ahead and let them fall because I am about... 
I loveeeeeeeeee the new Drake song "Hold On we're going home"...it is so mellow and laid back and WOW actually... 
Thank you Lord for keeping me, even when I didn't want to be kept...  #newday #restored #graceandmercy
thanks lil brother
STOP wasting your time defending yourself...Those that do not understand where you are coming from probably won't... 





Brooklyn alll night long 
Me as a kid.....lol just joking 
Too cute 
This makes me want to rock a short cut....tooo cute. 


Ok 




Um if you are going on a job interview....please don't bring your mama or anyone else with you. That is all!... 

YESSSSSSSSSS! 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Happy Sunday! 
Attention churchgoers please wait til you leave the church parking lot to bump jeezy... 2 chains....and... 
FACT: There's a difference between who we love, who we settle for, and who we're meant for- Unknown
I LOVE MY KIDS! 
Everybody won't understand everything because everything ain't for everybody! Just DO YOU and Keep Going...
You can't SOW anger and discord and expect to receive peace and harmony! If you don't like what you are... 








Pp 


I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
These glasses are cute .... 
IM SLEEPING IN!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 


Being the bigger person sometimes mean BEING QUIET! Allow your actions to speak on your behalf and let GOD handle the REST! #LESSONLEARNED
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
LOOOOOLLLL 




Preach,.... 

WE HAVE TO GET IT TOGETHER PEOPLE 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS IM FINDING MYSELF... AND I LIKE IT! 
NEVER EVER 

Wow ...this is deep 
Tough Chile 


Sexy black 




I just don't know where she gets these supermodel poses from.....lol 
My natural beauties. 

THIS BREAKS MY HEART...THIS IS JUST SOO SOOO SAD! 
WOWWW IM JUST AN AWE! 
I WILL GO HAM AND CHEESE ABOUT MY BABIES... DONT MESS WITH THEM! 
I really like this! 

i need these in my life 
In order to bring me down, you have to be able to reach me ......Good Luck Though!!!!!!!!
BOOOOOOOOOOM!
I will walk like a newborn calf if I got these.... 


You can't change what you don't acknowledge! Let God do the work in you!! #paulawhite



One monkey don't stop no show!!! There is more than one way to skin a cat boo....Love my co-workers.....loolllll
LOL 

huh&gt;? 
RIght????? 

I put that strawberry blonde color in...you know I love me some color...this was first lifted with bw2 lightener... 
Rolling with roof back..... 
Soooo last week I prayed to have a financial blessing in the mail....and God answered my prayers.....but I forgot... 
EVERY DOGGONE DAY! 
GOD IS CARRYING ME THRU! 
RETURNED TO SENDER BOOO! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
now this was a smart bill board 
My next cover photo! YESSIR! 

T.I. House in the cut....better view in person 
Co worker love.....Amy.......love ya sis 
We may be 40pounds more since high school.....but we still fine 
HHS c/o 97.....love u sis....thanks for coming to see me 
By kids with aunt Fran 
My girls. Yall keep me going 
Friends since 9th grade never skipped a beat 
Fran gave me this book and it just melted my heart.....thanks for being such and awesome friend for 18 years........ 
Love the windows 
One day I will be taking the for sale sign off this lawn because I bought it cash... 
See the lion head-on the house? Yea this is meant for a Leo...... 
Breathtaking......im already placing my furniture in this house 
Love this house 


My two Amazing brothers and their awesome dad! They look great for 48 y/o and 51y/o..... 
Me and the girls went looking at big houses yesterday....had to get some motivation......cant wait to fulfill my... 





Not a bad idea... 






Met up with my childhood friend Fran from Shreveport 
Brooklyn at the stage where she wants to fashionably express herself in 90 degree weather.....smh 
I cringe when my baby has to go potty when we are out and about....public bathrooms are just so nasty....yuck

"Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far... 





I will look like a caramel chew in this dress 

Interesting and profound... What do you think? 
very profound 
MY BAD NOT TODAY FRIDAY.....IM GETTING AHEAD OF MYSELF.... 
GREAT NEWS FOR PARENTS!!!....WALMART STARTS THEIR FREE LAY AWAY FOR CHRISTMAS TODAY!!!!!!!!!! IT IS ON AND... 
ok you right! 
YES...THIS IS TRUE... TIME TO START DOING WHAT I LOVE... 
sholl do....lazy! 
CUTE! 
BIG DADDY KANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 




GETTING MY FALL IDEAS! THIS IS FLYYYYYY 
"That which can be destroyed by the truth should be."
- P.C. Hodgell

Stand on what you know. 
Don't be afraid to... 
LOL 

JUST BECAUSE YOU KEEP IT 100 WITH CERTAIN PEOPLE... DONT MEAN THOSE PEOPLE WILL KEEP IT 100 WITH YOU!! SHO NUFF!~ MY GIRL  Deirdre Jones

You must FIRST be satisfied with yourself before you can BEGIN to satisfy the world."~NC

I'm telling you....its no joke out here....especially being a black woman looking for a job..... 
Carsyn 
Carsyn 
My baby at the library 
Everytime I see a funeral procession go by or an ambulance flying down the street....it immediately reminds me... 

Got to work mad early..... Got the coffee percolating...Got great news already... ....Let's get productive! Great... 

Too funny! 
God never leads us where He cannot keep us. His grace is always sufficient for us in any and every circumstance... 



So the Maury
Parking is ridiculous in Atlanta.$20 for 3 hours smh..   im going to build me a parking garage lol 
Sniff sniff.....Summer cold got me and Shylyn Sims....#feelmiserable #needsoup #tlc

Say ittttttttt!!!!!! 




Life of a parent: After being turned away from a medical facility facility that unwillingly denied medical... 
Awww look what I found.... gotta bump this tonight 
Who remembers jean Nate 
Received a gift today....a planner....its time for a plan of action for the rest of my life....#deepthinking 
When you get the lesson from the struggle, the struggle is no longer necessary. If the struggle continues, the... 

What is the 'smartest' decision you have ever made in your life? **I look forward to hearing all your wisdom!**
My daddy sent this in the mail today....i wanted to cry....this is so sweet 
JOB SEARCH QUESTIONS: PLEASE POST COMMENTS HERE SO WE CAN SHARE INFO WITH OTHER JOB SEARCHERS

With all of the... 
“Work each day on your thoughts rather than concentrating on your behavior. It is your thinking that creates the... 
The more weight you carry, the harder the climb. Be careful which burdens you take on. You may be helping them, but hurting you.~SOTH

What are some good tips for looking for a job out of state? Should you use an address of the city and state you... 
Bishop said...."The storm that was meant to destroy you, will be the same storm that elevates you!" ---YESSSSSSSSSS
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS SO TRUE.... 
The CRAZIES are OUT today! SMH!
Monday Mantra: I have the strength and determination to get me to the place that I desire to be......Ms. Thommi Odom
If you are an aggressive Atlanta realtor....   inbox me asap :-)
4 the rest of my life....robin thicke.....nice song.......#quietstorming....
I absolutely hate moving ....i see why folks stay in their houses forever and don't move.... Moving seems... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
