Gaming with my whore @aLeXboyaa
Had an awesome day with my homegirl champagnemamiiiiiiii Her not knowing her food limit, eaton… 
Out to breakfast with my babe
So I found my bra but can't find my socks. Wtffff
Can't find my fucking bra. What is life!?!?!?
I loved those hits of kush
Your a niner, a bitty, back the fuck up and breathe
Oh lol can you tell I don't like you...was tryina make it pretty obvious
Roaming the streets with my baes Alex and Tia &lt;3
Gaming with my babes; Shaq and Riles
K even Riles thinks your a fucking snake
My god your fucking kidding me, right...
Lol Blake is a true Canadian
With my home girl Riley
Aahhh my belly button is now pierced
Awe my poor pumpkin is sick
Loving me some Nicki while I get ready
16...your fucking kidding me lmao
The amount of fucking water bottles in my room. Why....?
Yoga time #StayingAtPeace  #livingthedream #GoodLifeFitness
Loving the life when you always have someone to drive you to places
Best time to do yoga is right in the morning. Off to good life fitness #StayingAtPeace
Dyeing the mothers greys. Happy early Mother's Day mum
Back with the overly sensitive thing. I know...
Just gunna meditate for the rest of the night and then go to bed
Well there goes my night
Did yoga for 2 hours and man do I feel refreshed #livingthedream #StayingAtPeace
Time to do yoga #livingthedream
"Pulling me towards this sort of table" "Probing Table" "God dont say that out loud" lmfao peeing myself quite much right now #Supernatural
Not sure how I'm gunna survive from the 18th to 29th. Gunna miss my pumpkin sooooo much
I'd like to ponder the thought.... Photo creds spolskb #SweetCheeks 
"Your just extremely sensitive" Fuck. Yeah. I fucking know Lmfao thanks for pointing it out
Ugh why are you wearing my shirt...
Lol to when you reset your Netflix password
Happy Im not wearing a bra today.
Eating breakfast for the first time during the week in a very long time
Most definitely gunna call and wake him up so I can fall asleep to him telling me a bed time story again. Gosh he's so sweet
Whole new appreciation for the phone calls I have with @spolskyb
I don't know if anyone knows this but I forever love @pheeebly she's a babe and a jem and my new found love!!!!!
So I'm not religious but I'm spiritual. Anyone getting what I'm throwing?
So because I walked into the wall while on the phone my mum took my phone and told my boyfriend good luck and how special needs I am. Peeing
Oh my gosh he's such a dork. Peeing myself so much right now
Lol just told my boyfriend suck a dick. I'm just so great at having adult arguments
Still totally not over what was said last night...
God can you think of anyone but yourself
Meditated this morning for an hour and feeling so good
But then again wishes don't come true. They are not really. Just fairy tales and fairy tales aren't at all real
And*
11.11 I wish she was still alive a breathing
Talking about naive realism and the universe out loud, hoping that maybe she could hear me. Sounds crazy eh? Just hoping she's at peace
Meh miss my best friend
The fact of I should be trying to sleep but instead I'm here rapping nicki minaj and eminem songs
You seriously have a knack for driving me up the wall bonkers
So done
Just ripped out my bottom retainers. Yup that's totally healthy and not dangerous at all
Don't even know how to cope with things on my own anymore
Everyone knows how I feel about the word sorry
Shaking and I don't know what to do...
In the mode to rip apart my arms with a razor
Dude, she died 2 days ago. She was the closest thing to me that was actual family. How fucking insensitive are you.
Trying not to scream
Thank you for being douchey you again, holy crap crap was all good to said that. Good night
Kinda really miss my best friend
Literally about to combust about the talk I had with my mom. But there's only one person I actually wanna talk to about it
Seriously think I'm falling in love with this kid
"Don't you know that four fifths of all our troubles in this life would disappear if we jut sit down and keep still?"
This conversation is starting to get into a spiritual psychological vibe and I'm fucking love it lol
Cranberry juice, a home made burger and his voice is all I need for the night. I'm certain.
Honest to god love the phone calls I have with @spolskyb
Cause taking selfies in the bathroom is what cool kids do #SweetCheeks #LittleBrother #BathroomSelfie… 
When your girl gets twittaaaaa @aLeXboyaa
Worked out too hard for too long that I ended up throwing up. Ew yucky
Fuck yoga. Just gunna workout
Was gunna do yoga but then it reminded me of my aunty. And now I'm sitting here crying
Still not sure how to feel about the sociology exam
Best bus ride with Deni
Lol to getting to school
Just got on the bus. Wow I'm gunna be extremely late
"Blowjob doesn't sound like an actual fun thing. Sounds like work" Lmfao sounds like work aahhh peeing #InvasionOfPrivacy
"I'm a little offended right now" "Well get over yourself" lmfaaao wow #InvasionOfPrivacy
Mehh really...?
"You needed penetration"~Alex. Think I literally just peed myself
No no no no noooo you are so not allowed to go to sleep yet
Oh my god finish work already!!! Fucking gosh
Lol look who finally grew some balls and fucking dumped her. Fucking Finally!!!!
"I try to believe in as many as six impossible things before breakfast. One, there are drinks that… 
Elohel to taking pictures with an iPad. #SweetCheeks #CurlyGirl 
Aw somebody a bit offended? I want you to meet them, I really do but....
Wow what a coincidence that he might have cancer. And god said let their be death
Out of all things, did you really have to die from lung cancer...
Love the fact that I can be so open about relationships with my sister now
RIP Aunt Leena &lt;3
Sister is literally sooooo fucking gorgeous
Went from having 10 condoms to 3. Lol thank you for that Madison and Marta
Nicki Minaj is my spirit animal
Just had the best little dance party in the bathroom for the past 25 minutes lmfao
Just finished meditating and god do I feel good. Like whoa
Back to writing cause I don't wanna wake him and she needs her sleep.
I hate my birthday
Was close to 6 months clean...
I was so close. All I had to do was hold it in for three more minutes but I couldn't. God damnit I was so close.
Can't. Not sure. Should I? Someone help me
Enough resources to attempt? I think so. If one fails, try the other
I really wanna attempt. Pretty sure I'm going to
Lol wow didn't know Alex was that good an actor. Didn't know you hated her that much lmfao fucking wow
Just took in that the only reason I was pissy was because you didn't wish me a happy birthday #lolmylife
Lmfao best thing ever is the song take a hint performed in victorious. Thank you for that fucking link #PeeingMyself
Just remembered that originally called you to thank you for a bunch of shit and apologize for a bunch of shit. And I had awhile spiel lol
"I fucking hated that bitch holy fuck" wise words of Alex from last week. Lmfao still peeing myself from that rant of hers
"You brought out the best in her while she brought out the worst in you" wise words of @spolskyb from last week
Shit I fucking forgot where I actually put the necklace and ring. My brain is obvi fried
The optimism for the past few days can be explained by no meds and my pumpkin and my muffin jaiden
You definitely were making me worse
Smoke two cigarettes. One for now, the other for the road
I think of cheating more so on an emotional term, not physical. No one ever seems to remember things like these
Skype sesh with my babyboo
Casually blocking your number
“@TheBandMessiah: The final warped lineup has me like 
@danpinetree is just the breaking ice of perfection 
When you find a pubic hair in your mouth #invasionofprivacy @JoeSantagato @TheKateWolff
I think I can survive cold turkey. It'll take a month, so for a month I gatta make sure I don't push myself in front of a car
Wondering what else will happen if I continue to not take my meds lol
Been off my medication for a while and been tripping the fuck out on emotions. Lmfao its actually quite hilarious
Aaahhhh jaiden is sleeping in my bedroom tonight!!!!! Loving life so much right now
Phone calls with him puts my brain at such ease. Gosh its amazing.
Curiosity killed the cat. Is satisfaction really even gunna bring me back
Panic attack in five, four, three, two, one
Oh this is gunna be fun. Its a cruel cruel world, isn't it?
Best thing is probably Elly calling me baby cakes. Gosh she's my little Italian princess.
Done trying. Can't wait to see you crash and burn which you for sure will do while your in a psych ward. Have fun
Done.
Wow somebody truly turned into a bitch. And I thought I was a bitch but nope you topped me on a new fucking level
The fact that you would drive all the way here to give it me, gosh your a sweetie. How could a girl not fall for you
Of course I'd leave my inhaler in your car like a twat
That's why I don't have my inhaler. Its in your fucking truck
Moments when I wish I knew where my inhaler was
Kid tells me to be careful and then three minutes later I'm sitting here having an asthma attack
"Just be careful" gosh your a cutiie
Yeah definitely officially over the break up. What it take, like a week
I wonder if she's gunna wish me a happy birthday. Hmmm?
Oh my god, Jesus please tell me the lesbian is dating a dude!!! Fucking peeing myself with Alex
Been around the sun officially 17 times. Had the most amazing birthday with my girls. School laughs,… 
Its so nice out
Gosh their amazing
Out with my girls for dinner
On time with two minutes to spare
Mood just got a little killed cause my Anna banana can't come tonight
Literally in love with this kid
Spencers the ultimate babe cause she made reservations for me #NumberOneBabe
"Why are you taking out your butt?" Lmfao yes Nate
Was gunna cry cause I didn't send the right one to myself but mother came to the rescue. Thank god
Best thing this morning was telling Spenny what happened this weekend
Its so much fun when your allergic to everything outside
Don't have to wear a bra today. Makes me so happy
I got a shit ton of work done, partied hard and got to spend time with the boyfriend and best friend. Doing life right
@lovelycompletly Thanks babe!!! <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Officially le birthday!!! Happy birthday to me bitches. Been around the sun 17 times
Birthday is officially in five minutes
Then again what can I even expect
Hate how we are now
Getting phone calls from @spolskyb are just about the cutest thing
Still miss this girl even after everything that happened a couple months back
I miss you...
Lmfao get your fucking life
"Did he squirt lotion up your nose too?" Just fucking peed myself.
"Grasshopper, you did well" just made my first protein shake and le boyfriend thinks its pretty fucking on point #DoingLifeRight
"Always keep a condom in your wallet. It'll always come in handy" you miss are correct
Even while drunk I've never said shit like that to not even my worst enemy.
I keep replaying the things in my head that she said to me last night...actually quite hurt but I guess its whatever
Protein shake time!
Workout time
"I guess I've found myself a shopaholic" Lmfao my boyfriend just called me a shopaholic. I am so not a shopaholic
Spent $200 and I'm not even done shopping yet lmao
I swear he just likes seeing me try on things lmao
Definitely getting a lot more dresses
Still shocked that my papa gave me the money so I can go shopping on my own. Such a babe
Out shopping with my baby
Hmmm so nice out
Funny how I did actually cheat on you
Fuck. I'm suppose to get some actual work done
A diamond bullet with a gun made of gold, she was covered in blood, last seen in San Francisco
Yeah. I'm done
I know what you are. Your a cheap little whore
Deciding to be friends was probably the worst decision we've made
Me and my dad have this habit of opening water bottles, drinking half, putting it back in the fridge and then getting a new one
What she said last night was pretty fucking brutal, and she's just leaving a stain on my optimism card
Yeah don't think I can talk to her the same.
Ugh do I really wanna do this now? That's the real question
Lol the real question is, do I even wanna talk to you...ever.
"Can we call this podcast, I found a pubic hair in my mouth" Lmfao I feel you on that #InvasionOfPrivacy
Oh yeah, just remembered. I want absolutely nothing to do with her. Ever.
Making the greasiest breakfast for myself. When humans fail me I can always count on food
Last night was extremely rad
Contemplating whether or not munching on this popcorn is a good idea
How is my well rested, in the morning, all woken up self gunna feel about this
Real question is am I gunna regret doing that in the morning
Hoping that my amazing boyfriend is having a peaceful nap while I'm here being stupid
Had the best time with my baby. Gosh he's seriously amazing
"My brain is buzzed like a bee" words of Anna. Love this girl
Can't wait to see my baby
With my babe @spolskyb
You think you know where your going but you really don't...
Ugh your annoying
Oh my god just drop me to a station
Oh my god so much traffic
When you lose your dad in the grocery store
Oh gosh. Too hot too quickly
Literally just had the cutest phone call with him
Crying inside cause I can't fins my kiddie socks
Having a beer after a workout is sooo refreshing
Loving me my hour workouts
Lmfao wow of course you did
See I don't know if your ignoring me or not cause I dont know if your mad at me or not still cause I don't know if your even mad...
When people decide that spraying perfume in an elevator is a good idea
Just finished running up a whole bunch of stairs for nothing
I know, I ask too many questions
Mehh this kid needs to fucking wake up lol
Awe he's still not awake. Guess that's what happens when you call me at 1 am wanting to have a deep conversation for a few hours
Just finished having like worst nose bleed possible cause not only was my septum bleeding but so was my nose itself
Ugh gosh, jaiden pinched my nose too hard and now my septum piecing is bleeding #UghToLife
Watching dawn of the planet of the apes. Cause I'm a badass :p
Just walked up to my mom, gave her a hug and said thank you. Not even sure why. Now she's just as confused
Feels like a movie kind of morning
Still on the confused side about last night
If I can tell that something's wrong but you keep saying nothing its really gunna get under my skin #JustSaying
Literally had the best two hour conversation with him and then it just got fucking murdered
Got woken up at by one by this kid. Gosh he's too much.
Thanks for getting my hopes up once again
Choreographing past ten cause why not
Not surprised that I feel like a total dick and fuck ass now
And now I feel like a horrible human being
Felt bad for a hot sec then she explained and now I'm back to miss optimistic
Lady, I hope you know I got here before you did
Most packed day. Ughh
Gosh it looks like a flood happened
Lol to my mom being a pro and tossing me her keys
Your cute. You keep trying. Go ahead and keep on trying
And now all of the fourth floor smells like ass because of the fire from this morning
Lmfao gosh I love these peopel
Well somebody's stoned
Back to optimistic and extremely happy
"Oh someone wants to be thrown out the window" wtf Jake, lmfao
"And before you know it, your out the window"~Kissoon. Lmfao peeing myself, love this women
Trying to be optimistic but your making it extremely hard
That moment when your passing all your classes
Good morning twat
Awkward moment when there's a fire happening but no one actually leaves their house
Either step up to the plate or I'm going to walk away
I said goodnight but we all know I'm not going to sleep. We all know I'm going to write until my fingers bleed
Not okay. But probably will be in the morning when I can think about more crap I can actually be happy about
Now in the fuck off mode
Basically in a ugh fuck you mode
Past fed up.
See, now your a twat. Again.
I'm an attention whore. So give me what I need or I'll either find it else where, cry in a corner or harass you. One of the 3
"Now that your single, I can touch your butt" lmfao this kid is the reason I live
Hmm is that part of my aesthetic? Not sure
Mehh should I? Should I not?
The wrong person is texting me...
Just had the best conversation with my papa
Ugh babe just do me a favor and answer when I call. Would make everyone's life a hell of a lot easier
The kid is puddy in my hands
She's trying to hate me while he's slowly but surely falling in love with me.
Feeling incredibly optimistic. See what you cause
Oh my god. I'm going to cry. The internet isn't working...
Lmfaaoo to when you start a conversation by saying "Hey Ballsacks"
I don't know I just love love, and seeing love and I have absolutely no reason to be upset or anything. And my gosh acoustic music
"I don't think I can take this much optimism" ~Sophia
Lmfao people flipping out from how cute he isb
"You guys are pretty pathetic"~Suzie B. Lol wow Mrs
Lmfao to Nate rubbing my arm and getting cozy with me to get a charger from me
Love these people so much
"Your like the new Lolita" peeing myself
"D'Amato, turn around before I knock you out"~Ekulend Lmfaaoo peeing myself
Never have I ever felt more relaxed than I do right this moment
Acoustic music&amp;writing #MyLove
Good days are actually a thing for me. Its not just a day but rather more than one
Yes work period for math
Just took in that this weekend is gunna be fucking awesomesauce and so is next weekend. Fucking yes
Ugh why aren't you in Toronto yet!?!?!?
Lmfao what even.
Finding a pencil on my bed and just thinking "hmm I should probably move this before it stabs me in my sleep"
Really...this again
So back to being extremely optimistic and happy again. Funny how he can change my mood like that
Okiie so I'm not hating the world anymore
And now my brain is at completely ease
I hope everyone enjoyed my good day cause its most definitely very much never going to happen again
Ugh gosh the wrong people are texting me
"I'm still your bestie, you can tell me anything", you can go ahead to hell along with him too
Oh go to hell
And pop goes the weasel. There goes my good fucking mood. Fuck you too then
If this is some sort of test, kill me now. I've been through this already with one jackass I don't need to re-live it with another
Ugh my god, can you just be a babe and answer your phone
Gosh I'm in such a bouncy, happy mood
Gosh it fucking hurts
Feeling optimistic today!!!!
Late on a late start. My life is a literal tragedy lol
Yes to @spolskyb who decided to be hella active and bike all the way to school #FuckYeah #ThatsMyGirl #ProudOfYa
"Oh my god I'm shitting myself. I'm literally shitting myself right now lmfaaooo"~Alex. Lol peeing myself from her responses
Love Alex cause she's always the one I can word vomit to
Feeling lighter today
Wow, my skirts are big on me #LosingWeight
Ugh my god such a nice day
Loving my hair this morning
Kinda want to be late on a late start. But them again do I really want Mrs kissoon hating me this morning
So she officially completely hates me, she has every reason to and well I guess quite frankly, that's life
Moms not home...makes sense now why its so quiet
He's totally forgiven
The bus smells like weed
Gosh I'm friggin tired
Oh god this traffic
"Everyone has a plan till you get punched in the face"
When you wake up after a nap and your confused about life
When my internet decides to be a fuckass
My nose hates me
Don't know how tonight took such a turn
@_JasmineMelissa wow your a loser
Ran for my life for the bus
So not only did I have to do everyone's laundry, I have to fold my on ugh
My life is just one big inconvience
I need this day to be finished before I have a mental breakdown
Are you serious...
Ugh to my life
Realize you don't have to be a cunt
Thanks for putting me in a shit mood.
Oh my god shut up
Just had the best conversation with Dillon
Having a blue on blue day
Lol to just leaving the house cause being on time isn't actually a priority today
I'm always okay till I get to this hell hole
Oh my god what in the entire fuck did I do now
Goddamit. I really don't get why we're so mean to each other
Actually going to apologize to her for what i said. It was actually mean
Just took in I'm wearing jean on jean #WhatAmIDoingWithMyLife
When you find Jasmine hair in your iPad case
Oh yeah, got ourselves a reckless bus driver
I'm gunna kill someone
Don't shush me and then start talking #WhoAreYou
Dead fucking tired
Holy fuck is really hard for you to answer your phone.
Susan you really are the reason I stress
I just got into the house can you please stop fucking yelling
Lol I feel like birth giver has simply just given up
I just wonder how tired I must look
Lol both my phone and iPad are on the same percentage
Fucking shit
The fact that I'm still here
Awe got a kiss on the cheek from pines. Feeling loved
Ew to the rain
Just facetimed @_JasmineMelissa as a wake up call and it was just funniest thing
ugh to being up
Follow what you preach twat
Now is not the time to get on my nerves
Dude fuck off
Had an epiphany over a song
My tummy feels weird
Literally internally crying inside for this women
Gosh I seriously don't get why he's being an ass to her
Yay iPad
Gosh your a fucking hypocrite
Who would of known that olives are good
Officially had an awesome first day
Official first day on the job
Not knowing where I'm going makes me anxious about life
So sick and tired of seeing blue jays gear
Super anxious
Does the train wanna yknow, hurry up and come
I'm gunna get lost. I'm gunna get lost. I'm gunna get lost.
Holy shit to the amount of construction.
Ugh that means I have to take the bus music-less too
Gosh really...50 feet...concrete...dude how are you still alive?
Wait wtf. Dude make up your mind
Really need to pee. Lord help me
Its been proven, my girlfriend is absolutely perfectly amazing. How could I not love her. @_JasmineMelissa
Thats actually kind of sad. You don't even ever remember my birthday. Your own daughter
So fucking done with this dude
Fucking seriously. You have two little kids. You can't keep doing shit like this
Dad realize I never ask you for anything until I really need it and its cheaper than usual, so don't bullshit me
Are you really trying to talk me out of wanting a tablet
Remember kids, never trust a bullshitter
Dude just let me fucking take a nap. Shut the fuck up
Music-less weekend. It gives a bad taste in my mouth
Ew my sad is doing lotto. My soul just complete through up, and I lost quite a lot of respect for you #JustSaying
Please stop talking...
Ugh seriously...
And now I'm scared of people
Who the fuck does that
Trying hard not to shake
When your trapped in the bay
Ugh fuck me. I forgot my ring
I have way to much fun sorting through music #ElohEl
Kanye for breakfast
You are asking me for waaaaa to much
Just listening to some country
Out for a milkshake run
spolskb 
#Bronwena
#Bestie #BaeAlert #NoMakeup #Milkshakes 
Oh my god. Fuck off
I miss my @danpinetree #DontEvenKnowWhy
Just naturally stress eating here
Trying not to kill people
Oh my god stop stressing me out. Fuck.
Can see the work ethic so clearly between my two actors. While waiting one is rehearsing while the other is on their phone
This class just really needs to end
Test took me about two minutes. Five max. Soooo easy
When the universe works in my factor and the light changes before the bus passes it
Seriously...your sending it now
Unless your about to buy me a new pair of shoes, I suggest you shut the fuck up
@_JasmineMelissa totally not okay
@_JasmineMelissa but but but you woke up like ten minutes ago....
Happy Birthday, birthday girl!!!! Love you so very much my little saint, i promise to always be that… 
@_JasmineMelissa I really do
Literally delirious. Don't know how Sebby deals with the shit that comes out of my mouth
Lmfao Spencer just missing the chair and falling #peeingmyself
Ugh what do I even do with myself right now
See now I'm annoyed and pissed cause you keep asking me
Oh my god shut the fuck up please
Ugh dude I'm doing something that I need to finish. Please piss off and don't get butt hurt cause its really annoying when you do
Really fucking annoying when you assume some things wrong and even when I say nothing g is you keep on assuming
I don't get how I could wake up at the ass crack of dawn and still manage to get to school late
Ugh fuck me I forgot my ring. What am I doing with myself today
Fuck me. Missed the bus by like five seconds
Mom is already so done with me even though she woke up like 2 minutes ago
First time in a very long time that I'm having breakfast, in the actual morning
Birth giver has graced me with this beautiful burger &lt;3 #BaeForADay
Happy 8 Month Anniversay my bumblebee!!! @_jasminemelissa 
#081514 #MyBumblebee… 
Susan you are the reason I stress
I feel like I've been doing drama work in every one of my classes
I just really like being annoying
Happy anniversary to my bumblebee @_JasmineMelissa
Waking up at 6 in the morning so I can watch Supernatural without any disturbance/interruption #IKnowImPathetic #ButItsOkay
"Gosh he's so stupid" wow Sophia very much loves her boyfriend
With my favorite Italian love birds
We are definitely too cute
i know
@_jasminemelissa 
#TooCute #081514  #Lovebugs #MyPumpkin… 
Sebby is harassing me
Pressure is on
Susans got us working hard #ChildLaborLifestyle
"I don't like it" well guess what princess, you caused it
Death happens. Its life
Gosh your so annoying
Dude I wanna be at school before lunch. Wtf
Have to wait till 11 so McDonalds is no longer doing breakfast
I'm gunna drop kick you if you don't shut the fuck up. I fucking swear I will
I love when you both shit talk each other, but y'all need to realize that you're both equally shit parents #JustSaying
Realize that I only see you for about 24 hours every other week, so when you say that I'm not doing something, I actually am
Please shut the fuck up
Recognizing shit in Markham because of Saturday
Nothings wrong with my heart :) #Yay
Ugh I have to turn off my phone. The annoying struggle
Off course were a half am hour early
Off to Markham
Gosh please shut up
@spolskyb You had balls on your face (look close at the emoji you sent me) hahahaha #PeeingMyself #ElohEl
@spolskyb Gosh you fucking weirdo &lt;3
Lmfao her response just made me pee myself
This girl @_JasmineMelissa left me on the phone to brush her teeth while I was in the middle of trying to love her #K #MEAN
@_JasmineMelissa TRUTH
Raving about tattoos were getting in the next few years with @_JasmineMelissa literally the most perfect girlfriend ever
Little Brother: It's annoying
Me: What's annoying
Little Brother: The sun shining
#PeeingMyself #Lmfaaoo #ThisKidKillsMe
I swear to god Jake is the only reason I actually do good in English
Can y'all calm the fuck down and shut the fuck up. Nobody in this class wants to hear your giggled
Gosh my nose hates me this morning
School it is
You really think I'm gunna answer your phone after you left your own daughter stranded because she was 5 minutes late
Shaking
Trying hard not to cry
Actually kinda regretting this
Wow fucking seriously. Wanna be on time
Gosh this weekend was truly amazing! Best time I've ever actually had in a while. Amazing people, amazing place #AahhNostalgia
Ugh where the fuck is the bus driver. Need to peeee
So he's back to being mad at me. Last night was useless
She's not my friend. She's yours. So suck it up princess
Shouldn't have said anything. Should of just plastered a smile, nodded my head and lied
I call bullshit
Lol to all these adventures
Uhm okay
Love me some kinder surprise
Such an amazing restaurant. Awesome food. So full that I feel like I'm gunna tip over
Actually like Markham quiet a lot
Well that was awks
In Markham like what up
No longer holding my breath #WasSupeeNervous
My ankle definitely hates me currently
Me*
Dude stop looking at be
Almost left something on the bus. Zipper a on my bag are definitely not trustworthy
Lol third time seeing you on the bus. This morning, leaving school and now #wtf #elohel
Actually feeling so horrible for taking out my anger towards him on her #WowIHaveFeelings #GuessMyHeartIsntIceCold
My gosh and their really good headphones. Sorry for your lost mum
Sorry mom but if you leave headphones out in the open theirs no doubt I'm gunna take them just like you'd do the same
Surprised I don't reek of smoke/cigarettes
National Sibling Day!!!!
#Nationsiblingday #FlashbackFriday #LoveMyMuffin #SweetCheeks 
Turns out the chocolate i bought my little brother is the only one he doesnt like. This is what happens when I try to be nice
Some dude is in his car, smoking a cigarette with his windows up
She's gunna hate me...
Oh my gosh. Bus driver get on the bus and drive
Reese minis and music #Life
Ugh hurry up. I need to talk to you
Found her. God bless
Annoyed. Fuck off
Shaking.
How do you still have my number...? Lol
Don't know whether I was yell and snap your neck or just sit and cryv
You know what fuck it, I'm not going
Thank you so much for killing my mood
Aaahh yes, found my bus tickets
Hope she replies tonight
Trying to remember where I put my bandage wrap
Ugh my ankle.
17 people? Have you gone entirely fucking bonkers
Oh god, just got asked for my number. Throwing up in my mouth
Ankle just gave out...
Come on. I'm fucking hungry
Aaahh yes!
Nervous Nervous Nervous
Had a conversation with my mom while trying to make sure she couldn't see my septum up my nose while she was sitting down
Ugh gosh I hate my body
Gosh so freaking tired
Me trying not to fall asleep on the bust be one of the hardest things
Feeling this scarf head wrap thing going on right now
Uhm okay...wow
When you get caught by rob lol @spolskyb
Excuse me Mrs but your eyebrows are lopsided. You should probably fix that #lol
Ew rain
Took the most beautiful nap on the bus
Ew can it not rain. That would be lovely
Done zeee workout. Feeling soooo good
Work out time!!!
Should I leave or should I stay
Don't ask to hang and then fucking leave
Gosh fucking wow
Wow did you seriously just ditch me for slime...k
Gosh I need new friends
Olivka loves me again :o
Lol to just casually sliding money to Ben
Gosh your so useful
Ew here comes the devil
Dude, make up your mind. Are you gunna wear your jacket or naah
Definitely gunna be late
Seriously...calling me fat again, as if it didn't hurt the first time
Hope you like the taste of spit in your tea you tasteless waste of space
Going the extra step of trimming my hair
Me, just sitting here, contemplating whether or not to do my hair
Pretty relaxing day I must say
Happy Birthday Birthday Girl,
We got old and got use to each other. We think alike. We read each… 
Gosh such a drama queen
Love the fact that my papa appreciates my music
Whole car ride consisted of guitar solo
Actually finally in the car
Dad thinks the only way I'm gunna stay healthy and alive is if I write as much as I use to
Ate really nothing. Appetite is completely gone
Wow, dinner once again so early
My bedroom smells like popcorn
Such amazing oatmeal!!! YumYumYum!
Finally out of the hell hole called church
Dressing so casual for church its an outfit for school
If you dare complain about me listening to music in the car I swear I'll rip your throat out and pledge it as a defense mechanism
Are you seriously fucking complaining about me bringing homework...fuck you and fuck church. So fucking done
I don't see why you choose to waste so much time while I'm standing around
Why does church exist
Fish...for breakfast. Why do you want me to hate you so badly
What the fuck dude...I actually wanted to eat breakfast. Guess I'm skipping that meal
I find the fact that I can crack my knee a very scary thought
God my lungs burn
Can't survive going to church twice in one weekend
Uggh dad please don't make me go to church today. Out of all days, please not today
My tummy feels weird now
Wrist just randomly started hurting...
Ugh god kill me, my lungs are burning
This is not fun
Oh god my lungs
Tonight was a very interesting night
Gosh I love Shaq
Love me my Starbucks
Such a nice day today
And it was going pretty well until you decided to be a fuckass...again
Gosh my feet fucking kill
And the hell has finally finished
@_JasmineMelissa obvi is. Jesus is asking you to not ask for so much
If I didn't have a headache before I sure do now
"Mark this day" ouuu I am so very scared
And the hell has begun
Not even steady enough to wear heels
She's making me wear the dress I wore to Chris's funeral...Should have burned the dress when I had the chance
Your gunna end up just like my grandmother. So bitter, cruel and evil that no one even showed up when she was dying and then dead
Your the reason I have such shit self esteem
Gosh and you seriously don't see anything wrong with what you said. Do you think before you speak
Ugh fuck my life and fuck church. I'm not even fucking religious
I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go. I don't wanna fucking go
I think its safe to say that I'm not exactly liking life right now
Been annoyed too much today and not up for it anymore
People need to stop trying to help people who don't want to even help themselves
Already regret telling her
Just so fucking done
So ready to punch a wall
Been in the house for only about five minutes and your already being an asswipe
Sophia is jut ultra useful
Lmao speaking of the devil. Gosh I think I've heard your name in the past hour than I have in the past year
Lol to the dude who almost walked down a escalator that was going up
Lol she's probably gunna kill me
Ugh feeling so disorientated right now
So almost died by stairs
Ew the bus smells weird
Ughh let me be
Ugh twat
But I guess its okay...Lol actually no its not
And definitely trying to hard
yeah you definitely are
Ugh your annoying
I want it so just fucking give it to me
Already annoyed
Lol me and my brother asking each other when the others birthday is
Listening to a whole bunch on acoustic songs
Dying from how amazing the song, Fast Times At Clairemont High by Pierce the veil is #MusicInMySoul
@pheeebly babe!!! DM me your number :3
Just fell in love with the song Kissing In Cars by Pierce the veil #Ptv #PierceTheVeil #MusicInMySoul
Because you say not to doesn't change the fact that I'm still going to. I'm not going to just start listening to you all of a sudden
Just no in the mood for really anything today
Fuck me. I totally forgot my charger
Back to the "nothing to lose" mindset
"I don't wanna sound like a stalker!!!!"-@spolskyb
So why aren't you capable of texting me back faster
My eyeliner is more on point than your face...
#JustSaying #Elohel 
#SweetCheeks #DadsShirt… 
Once again annoyed
Pretty sure I just failed my English test
"Its been like 24 hours since you labelled it. The second you did you became completely submissive" wise words of the pines
Lol kid you need some lessons on life @spolskyb even agrees
I love it when people reply to my texts so maybe do that
Literally gunna have a BF if you don't reply soon #BitchFlip #WhiteChicksReference
You really want me to punch you in the face don't you
Gosh shut up
Ew laundry
Mom literally just said that she's glad she has a good looking daughter... I'm her only daughter!!!! She's talking about me #Happy
Definitely having a "Mr Steal Your Girlfriend" moment
#SweetCheeks #CurlyGirl #NaturalHair… 
"I would turn lesbian for you right now"
The amount of times I got called hot and complimented today was wow. Confidence has arouse today
Even more dead tired
I need less insecure friends or else I'm gunna start finding myself a new set of friends #Annoyed
Officially finished all 8 seasons of House. I wanna go crawl and cry in a hole now
My hair has finally calmed down and gravity has taken its course
Fuck me forgot my Gatorade on the table
Liking this new hairstyle
Pretty sure Jake is the reason i live
#FHAM #AyyeeBuddy #Jakiiepoo 
Ugh my body is aching
So she's going to hate me
Sad that I had to leave her side, but still was an amazing weekend so therefore I don't think I can complain
Never have I ever been so relieved to pee
Awe this little girl is softly singing Let It Go to herself in Wendy's
Off to watch Cinderella #GirlsNight
Just took a picture with a random dude for his snapchat
Lol dude your entertaining
Snapchat is always fun on the subway lol
Seeing a bit of butt crack. You may not wanna lean over love
Smells like baby powder
Why do guys feel the need to take up two chairs on the bus #wtf
Beautiful moment when I once again forgot my septum up my nose
New member added to the family
#FeedingMyAddiction #AAAHHHITSPINK #Cactus #MoonCactus #SweetCheeks 
Just one of those days when I use snapchat a hella lot
Moment of I need to stay awake so I don't miss my stop
Oh my god can we please stop fucking talking about it
Mehh my tummy :(((
You smell purely like weed. Please go seat yourself somewhere else
Ugh my tummy
Ugh fucking shit. Stop fucking talking
Skipping class with pines
Finally left the house
Breathing is a two step concept. Just gotta remember one without forgetting the other
Thinking a bit much and too hard about the concepts of life and why we live and what the point of it is if there even is a point
Ugh to life
Stressing the fuck out
Haven't been able to stop crying
Finally the devil is asleep
Dealing with just is getting harder and harder
Is your puppy really in your purse/bag? Your kidding me right...?
So far a pretty good morning
Off to Starbucks first
Just peed myself from laughter
Wow...
It's not even actually raining outside. It's basically a mist
Oh my god I'm gunna kill this kid. Fuck off dude
Ugh I don't wanna be in this class right now. Wish I came more late
Hello, cougar alert
I think I wanna get my cheeks pierced...
Going for the late for a late start look
Leather jacket it is
Really starting to feel like spring
Loving my new sephora eyeliner #MakeupFreak
Wtf common sense would be have a sign or some shit. How the fuck was I suppose to know
I think I actually hate @danpinetree and @spolskyb is sorta okay...
@spolskyb well your shit
Hate my life because I'm clumsy
Here hoping I don't fall asleep in the bath
So I'd officially like to say its been a pretty eventful day @spolskyb because @danpinetree put me in the garbage can #MondayMadness
Lol already a pretty awesome morning
Awe Ben is so adorable and peaceful when he naps lol
@_JasmineMelissa wow you most definitely are a weirdo
Gosh finally
@_JasmineMelissa that your extremely weird?
First time in history that were having dinner this early
I don't know if you noticed but your extremely annoying
Well I hope you know there's a 250 mg difference between the one you gave me and the one I'm suppose to be taking
Sure let's play around with my health. Definitely going to be fun
Awe papa is a sweetie. Cooking iron based foods that taste good cause he knows how bad my anemia is #WhatACutiie
Thank god my lungs don't feel like murder anymore
Hmm that sodium tastes good
Need more salt in my life
Wish there was more salt on these fries...
Ew my lungs and my inhaler doesn't feel like doing its job
Ew its cold outside
Love the junction fam
Papa broughts the McDonalds fries for me #LoveInTheAir #ThatsLoveRightThere
My papa is literally the sweetest #MyDadIsBetterThanYours
Literally had the best time with my lovely junction fam #SquadUp
With the junction fam
Gosh you are so fake its killing me
Mehh who wants to go longboarding with me today
Hate having to fix my retainers. Makes me wanna gag
The dentist consists of pain, saliva, a lot of things in your mouth and weird tasting things
Wow your an ass
Just by five minutes
Gunna be late but by how much
Found a strand of @_JasmineMelissa hair in my jacket #ThrowingUp Time to make a bracelet #InsideJoke
Ironically having a lollipop on my way to the dentist
Your a fucking moron
Wait wtf. Where the fuck are you going
Gosh your past pathetic. Didn't know someone could get past rock bottom but you seem to have proven me wrong
Someone sure as hell is having a lot of fun subtweeting on here when they're motto seems to be people shouldn't subtweet them
Okay awesome so I cant shit in piece now
Gosh you can just fucking leave me alone huh? You really fucking can't
Ew pizza
You gave me 25 and then told new to give him 25. Fucking duuh
Definitely going to try going longboarding this weekend. Need to get away from humans and get in touch with nature for a bit
So past fucking done
Oh my god don't text me if your going to waste my time and be really fucking boring. For example "nothing bored" #PetPeeves
@_JasmineMelissa baby I'm pretty sure their both practically the same thing
Stop breathing so heavy. God -___- #PetPeeves
Take a hint kid. I don't like you
Jaiden your presence is really pissing me off. Fucking leave
Bitch breathe. It was a fucking piece of paper
Can I please just play my game. Holy fucking shit
God forbid me for trying to calm the fucking exaggerating melodramatic drama queen brat down
Gosh your a fuckass
So fucking done
Gosh you know how to piss me off in all the right ways
Ugh jaiden today really isn't the day to piss me off
Having a @JennaMarbles marathon #YaaasBitch
Just found a backpack in my closet that I've never seen. Thank you closet Gods
Not only am I anemic, oh no. I'm hella anemic
Love how my room captures the artsyness of the mess
Still not even sure how I feel about Total Recall and I'm like an hour and twenty minutes in
Watching Total Recall. Still not sure how I feel about it
If there's truly a heaven and a hell, we all know were your going
You and your kid is what's wrong with the world
Birth giver is just casually folding laundry in the living room at 3 in the morning #lolokthen
Totally gunna watch Chronicle right now. Been waiting for this movie to get on Netflix.
I love it when I want to be awake at a certain time so I put on a vibration alarm and it basically kick jumps my heart up
Feeling like murder
Oh Jesus, kill me now
I was just down here too. Like ten minutes ago
I'm not strong and my body is already screwed up from the tests today...do I really have to do this, like honestly
Lungs feels like murder
Forgot to put my septum up while taking off an over the head sweater. I hate myself
Yas McDonalds
Lol thanks for screwing up the order so I would get an extra burger and a drink I never paid for. Thank youuus
My dad knowing how much it is...yet still waiting to get to the window to even think about taking out money
Just did life
Just changed into a hospital gown #LookingTooFresh
Ouu fun, tests
Loving how like no ones here
Lol dad, did we just take side streets to get here
Finally an answer. He was in the shower lol
Oh my god, answer your phone
Not doing anything until he answers my phone calls
Love leaving my poohbear @_JasmineMelissa voicemail mesaages
Relief
Oh my god come on open the door before I piss myself
Fuck me I need to pee
Oh god I need to pee
Having a horrible day so far and the morning has just begun
Gosh I just wanna throw a fucking chair at you
The one time I'm having a pretty good time you have to be a fucking prick. FUCK YOU. You can go fuck yourself and so can your child
Oh my god fuck you and fuck the fuck off
Music it is
Its like you want me to hate him. Well guess what? I do.
Feel like I've cried more in the past few days than I have for the past two months
I don't fucking care. You can go fuck yourself, I'm leaving the house
"And I was like fuck you" The wise words of @_JasmineMelissa talking to her mom about how fed up she is with the selfish bitch
All my fucks are definitely out the door. Good night world
Why did you have to  involve her in this, in all honesty
Definitely going to do faux locs in my hair next weekend. Soooooo in love with them #FauxLocs #Natural Hair
As if people don't have their own shit to deal with, without her dragging them into her shit and here she goes once again
And here we go again
Gosh this selfish bitch playing her round of tricks again
72 hours and counting
Currently just want this whole thing to end.
I seriously need out of this house
If I could just enjoy amazing bands without you bothering and pissing me off that would be fucking great #KThanks
Can you just stop fucking talking You deprived me of my March Break for no valid reason don't expect me to listen to you #Bullshit #YourShit
God saw my tweet and blessed me with my old blackberry working #BigUpsToJesus
God please bless me with some sort of music listening device, like now
Yaaay  birth giver brought home mcdicks
Partners In Crime by Set It Off has to be based off of Bonnie And Clyde. There is no way in hell it isnt #BonnieAndClyde #SetItOff
Crying cause Set It Off is going to be at Warped Tour #Yaaaasss #FangirlingSoHard #LikeSoSoHard
In fucking LOVE with Set It Off. Holy crap they are amazing!!! #SetItOff #Bands #FanGirlingSoHard
Amazing guitar solos make me the happiest little fangirl
@danpinetree So I just listened to the few songs sws released and cried...because it was soooo fucking bad. Only Jesus can help them now
This is getting really annoying. Stop walking into my bedroom without fucking knock. Holy fuck
Wanted to play my Xbox to end up realizing that I have no batteries because once again my brother is a cunt
And just when I finally just about fall asleep, you find some stupid reason to wake me up again
This whole night has consisted of crying
Why am I up? Honestly I feel like shit. My brain is empty and I can’t even fathom sleeping right now. Oh well
Gosh I fucking hate you and I fucking hate him
Thus isn't fair at all
God this is going to drive me straight into insanity
Apparently @_JasmineMelissa doesn't want a hug from me
Being a bitch to @_JasmineMelissa
@_JasmineMelissa I wonder...
@_JasmineMelissa Guys shes a bird
@_JasmineMelissa Yeah...why are you yelling?
@_JasmineMelissa What a bitch
@_JasmineMelissa Doesnt everyone
My "stay in bed all day" game too strong
Loving this update on my phone for Netflix
You must have forgotten how to knock. Yeah, that must be it
What the fuck...Have you not heard of knocking?
Wish I could actually do something...
I dont need a hug. I dont need to cope. I need to fucking get out of this body. I need to stop being… 
I always say “morning” instead of “good morning”. If it were a good morning I’d still be in bed instead of talking to people.
She already wants me up and doing things lololol
I'm pretty sure at this point, I'm allowed to hate him
I hate him so much
Fucking fuck you
That's not fucking fair
Can't you just let me have a decent, half assed lazy, relaxed break. Is that seriously not possible
We don't do drugs, 
We set plants on fire and breathe
@studxpuffin
Creds to the ultimate bae… 
Always awesome to find jasmine hair in your hair
No no no no. Bus driver where are you going
Just finished smoking a blunt with Shakespeare o.livka
 #TooChill #JcWithShakespeare #SweetCheeks #Spare 
22 Jump Street
Ugh
Bobs burgers and psych notes
The dude jogging outside is fucking crazy
Finally in from the warmth
Mehh need warmth
And then just almost get crushed by a dude who obviously has absolutely no balance
Fucking finally
Ohmygod hurry up bus driver. I'm fucking cold
...Pointless...
Freezing
Don't see the sense of even going
#NotAboutTheBraLyfe
@spolskyb took a mad shit obvi
@spolskyb lives her life in her bathroom
Just flowed through me
Scared to get up @spolskyb
At Mandarin with le fave people
Lol your fucking annoying cause you know I'm right
I can smell the tar from outside
Ughh forgot them
Ew I'm actually up
@danpinetree I'm really bored with life currently and texting you first sounds like an awful amount of work, so text me :3
@danpinetree lalalalapolooza
@danpinetree why do I feel like this is a super close up of @spolskyb
Bacon and Samosas sound like a beautiful dinner
Just had the funniest bus drive with Dillon and Shantall
Lol where is my class
Yes to being on time
Okay I'm awake, now the question is how do i stay awake
Remember the days when I didn't cry so much, yeah I miss them too
I sneezed and my back cracked. I don't know how I feel about this
I found a Spolsky in her natural habitat
spolskb 
#BestFriend #BeingProductive #TimeForHibernation 
Gosh you make me wanna punch you in the face
Passed annoyed right now
Ugh ew
Gosh why do I always have such bad luck
Ugh so much shit I gatta read
Wow outside is pretty nice
Ahhh bless this new jacket
Gosh i love these beauts!!! Always keeping me entertained 
spolskb 
#MyBaes #Snapchat #SweetCheeks 
I'm not anemic cause I want to be, I am because I'm a female and what do females do? We bleed out of our vagina. So fuck off
Dude I just don't want goddamn tea
Brain feels like its been bashed in with a bat
Ew to losing an hour of sleep
Mehh back is killing, sorta use to it now
"A diamond bullet with a gun made in gold, she was covered in blood, last seen in San Francisco" #ptv #Besitos #FavoriteLyrics
@spolskyb text me the second you get across the border babe!
I promise you that jealousy will kill every good thing about you
@spoksyb text me the second you get across the border please bae
Good night Twitter world. Tip for the day, don't do relationships
Miss my @spolskyb and Pines
Not in the mood for feelings or emotions
Pretty sure I'm going a bit bonkers
Don't know what today has even resulted to
Just wanna be left alone now
Too dumb for New York
Too ugly for LA
#SweetCheeks #NaturalHair #CurlyGirl #CurlyHairDontCare… 
Ugh I don't care
"I spent five minutes with you  guys and I feel like I have to do the rosemary" Lmfao yes Mr black
Kid seriously has a death wish
Thank you so much for that 2 minute bath I just got
Cinnamon Toast Crunch gives me life
Just had the most intense conversation in drama
Ugh why does the school smell like tar
Gosh why am I so freaking tired
There's some dude just walking around and rapping #OhGodWhitePeople
See why I don't talk to you, is because you feel the need to push on philosophical things. Not everyone wants that in every conversation
Why can't you take the hint that I really just don't want to talk to you #TakeAHint
Snow snow go away
I miss longboarding...
So I have no clue what I'm currently eat but its good, so I'm going to keep eating it
Just gunna spend the rest of my day reading one act plays #DramaMajor
Okay wow, your not even using it #k
"See this one wasn't tired, she was stupid" Lmfaaoo wow #MrEksClass #PsychClass  @spokskyb
Bus is so empty today
Love that moment when my septum is still up my nose
Wow for the first time ever, I actually studied
Fuck yeah! Done Chehkov!!!!
Oh god yes. Fuck yes
Your eyebrows look like their broken #StopTheAbuseOfEyebrows2k15
Body just doesn't want to wake up
My body is just not physically capable of handling stress
Just need to relax, and calm down
Please leave me alone
Having fun stressing the fuck out
Just walking around in my bra, memorizing lines, like a true drama major #CauseWhyNot
For some reason, overheating. So solution is to just be in my bra #CauseWhyNot
Mehh
I'm more of your average poet princess and your painted drunk peasant
#SweetCheeks #NaturalHair… 
@OMokrzycki Uggghhhh it's like a dollar more. I aint got money for that #BrokeAssBitch
Time to make cinnamon buns <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Lol everyone's home and asleep
Loud rock music and candy just cure everything #MyPhilosophiesInLife
Do you really have to smoke right in front of us. Seriously
Oh my god, shut the fuck up
Brain feels like murder
Aimed to look better than I actually feel
This weirdo is now singing
@_JasmineMelissa is going to brush her teeth just to eat pizza pockets right after #TheSenseIsObviThere
Having Jasmine withdrawal and I don't like it one bit
My girlfriend punishes me by not talking to me.  She's a real meanie
Watching Awkward because I currently have nothing else to do in life
They changed the look of the student bus tickets #Why...?
Sitting here missing her already
The Purge with @_JasmineMelissa #MovieMarathon #MyGirlfriendIsBetteerThanYours
Ugh this bag
Lol to the girl yelling on the phone at her boyfriend cause he took the wrong bus and now she has to wait #JudgingPeople101
Oh my god, come on Younge train
Lol to my stomach making these weird noises
Keep having mini heart attacks over everything #elohel
Lol you don't have to press the button. Of fucking course the bus is going to stop at the staying #JudgingPeople101 #Duuh
What's the sense of that...? Dude just wear your pants properly #JudgingPeople101
Warmest it's been in a while
Aahhh Kristen Stewart is in a new movie #StillAlice
NomNomNom oatmeal &lt;3
Oh your knee hurts? Well I wish I cared fucking more. Put on your brace and suck it the fuck up
Gosh, can you stop being an annoying ugly babbling witch. Like fuck
Ugh
The amount of love I have for the new Falling In Reverse album #FIR #JustLikeYou
Blasting and sorting through music #ptv #fir #sws #bvb #etf #AA
Totally forgot she did laundry the other week so she has the freaking card #AnnoyedButSoooooRelieved
The day I finally get to do my laundry I can't find the fucking laundry card #UGH #FuckingFuck
K bye movie's back to House
NomNomNom Harvey's &lt;3
The To-Do List #MovieMarathon
G.I. Joe #MovieMarathon
Cabin In The Woods #MovieMarathon
In such a good mood knowing that she's having a good day
Mehh
Fuck.
Its always fun analyzing her so she'll feel self conscious about her flaws
She's so weird...
My anthem is definitely Sexy Drug by Falling In Reverse #FIR #FallingInReverse #FavoriteSong  #JustLikeYou #NewAlbumNewSong
Have a horrid headache so why not comfort  it by blasting rock music
I'm already having a bad day, can you please just leave me alone
Because I'm home doesn't mean I can babysit your fucking child
God your such a fucking brat
Time to start crushing medication into my tea #Sick
Tissues up my nose
Ouu is it Wednesday already?!?!?
@_jasminemelissa
#WCW #MyPoohBear #WomenCrushWednesday… 
Dying of exhaustion but first taking a bath
So jaiden missed me. He's such a cutiie
Literally my new favorite people
Pretty amazing shows. Good job niners!!!
Trying not to cry. Missing her already
Feeling like murder
Please kill me. God I hate this class
Ugh fuck me, running a bit late
At least I don't have to out up with packed buses today #TheresAPlus
Wearing heels. Hate myself
Morning is amazing because of Falling In Reverse's new album #FIR #JustLikeYou
Going early on a late start and I don't even actually mind
Hey Ryland hey
#EnglishClassTingz #HittingThatPoseDoe #sweetcheeks 
Gosh I don't even think she realizes how cute she is
About to fangirl to Falling In Reverse's new album #FIR
For your sake you should shut up before I go through my steps of ruining you
Body needs some way of unwinding and relaxing #BathTime
She's really testing waters that she shouldn't even think about testing
Actually totally in love with Mrs Hogg`s class
Feeling superably tired
I love it when someone answers something with so much confidence and then they end up wrong #BestFeelongInTheWorld
Oh my god, please stop talking
No math for me cause I'm doing tech for Mrs hogg #LovingLifeCurrently
Bless my soul for being on time
Trying not to freeze to death now
There goes my good morning
Oh my god, fuck you
She raised her voice towards me...again
Just finished reading a bedtime story to my beautiful Pooh Bear
Either thinking too much or thinking too hard
So I'm taking another bath for the day and I've been doing that for a couple of days so my mom has come to the conclusion that I'm bonkers
Thanks for the nomination luciaaaa_16 and @madiganjessica 
Everyone who i tagged is nominated. Your… 
Ugh why are you doing this to me
Being a critique for Mrs Hoggs show
Ughhhhh
So fucking done
Moments when I hate myself for chewing gum on the bus #EwwyNoFlavor
Make up is more on point than usual
my morning has been officially made
Excited to do my makeup since I'm using new and "improved" products
Ugh she didn't even give me enough...
This dude and the fucking heat controls
Some dude is driving without a car window. Wtf how are you not frozen #FuckingCanadiansEh
Its all so interesting to watch
Wow. Their just all... gone
Lol love Andrew
Um okay then...?
op <PILE OF POO><PILE OF POO>
Woow Jasmine hung up on me. What a cunt nugget person thing #YourPo
Need a new show to watch on Netflix
Yes swiss chalet. Finally some food in the tummy
I'm sorry that your stupid #JustSaying #SorryNotSorry
So annoying with people take things so goddamn personal
So many people doing laundry
Ugh these fucking elevators
Getting that choking on saliva feeling, wanting to throw up feeling
My brain hurts
If there is any day that I would pass out from not eating enough today will probably be the day
Most definitely going to fail this math test
Ugh fucking come on bus. So close to being on time. Hurry up
Lol moment when I forget to take my septum out of my nose
Ew I don't wanna get up
Wearing my leotard today cause I am not about a fucking bra this morning
Brain actually physically hurts from doing math
God and Zeus, let's join forces to stop @_JasmineMelissa from making me do my math homework
Best fucking burger fucking ever
I don't think you can really say anything when you dont do laundry yourself
Lol to the random phone call with pines
Best time with Pines at second cup. So far a pretty good day
Why am I even fucking here
Fucking Susan
Guys @_JasmineMelissa is a bird
Micah and Jake seriously have the weirdest bromance
Wearing a leotard cause I don't feel like wearing an actual bra
Left her another voicemail, cause yknow why not
Just left jas a voicemail cause why not
Forever love pines for letting me borrow his sweater for the entire day and then letting me take it home so I wouldn't freeze #bae
Ugh fuck the schools wifi
Crazy bitch in a mini skirt alert
Is she not capable of keeping her hands off my shit
Goddamn. Ugh my nose
Aaahh its a late start. Back to bed I go
Actually the happiest person ever, cause my little brother poopooed in the toilet today!!! #Finally #HoperfullyNotAFluke
The working class
spolskb
#Starbucks #Bestiie #MyBestFriendIsHotterThanAllOfYou #Skipped #SweetCheeks 
Reunited with hedgy, llama and fairy &lt;3
Ugh seriously can't take noise
Wow there's so much space at the back. It won't hurt for you to move down
Ugh you guys are annoying
Its a cereus tretragonus!!!! Aka a fairy castle cactus #LoveAtFirstSight
Hate myself for not knowing what type of cactus I got... :(
Oh yeah so I bought myself a cactus :3
My best friends (also @_jasminemelissa)
#Cactus #ValentinesDay #Llama #HedgyTheHedgeHog #Aaahhh… 
@_JasmineMelissa no problem babydoll. Thank you for the dinners, hot chocolate, marshmallows, cuddles and kisses
Literally the cutest couple I've ever seen
@_JasmineMelissa cause why the fuck not and I really really wanted one!!!! Leave me alone!!!!
Jasmine is my favorite person in the world
Gosh I love jas way more than I can even comprehend
What happens when I fall asleep first @_jasminemelissa 
#081514 #lovebugs #Sleepytime 
Starbucks girl at heart @_JasmineMelissa
Mehh
Feeling super awks
Happy valentines day my little love bug @_jasminemelissa #081514 #babydoll #lovebug #sweetcheeks… 
Black girl: so uh how did you get your hair like that? Me: God
Dude can you not fucking whistle. K thanks #BusProblems
Jaiden and clive are actually so adorable when they play together and just bond
Just taking my frustrations out on the wall
If this kid fell asleep...what do I even do now
Hate fucking people
Ugh god could you please stab me straight through the temples
Anyone who knows me knows that my privacy means a fucking lot to me so stay out my fucking business
"The bandana looks like ears" ooooooohhhhhh fucking get it now lmfao
Lmfao "I like your ears" wtf pines
Stay out of my fucking shit
I think im starting to become immune to someone crying
Lol to sleep
Apparently jas is a pretty chandelier
The real question is...are you a nice guy or a little bitch?
Aaahhh Chinese food!!!!!
I love how @enocida woke up freaking the fuck out and then went back to sleep peacefully #wtf #Poopella
Eating cereal cause I can
Gotta love those heart to heart moments with the pines
Full blown, eye popping awake
Glad I could change yet again another persons nostalgic views on Fifty Shades of Grey so that they could see how screwy the industry is
Hey there lamp 
#SweetCheeks 
Day has gone, straight to shit
"Your doing the horizontal mombo and the rubber breaks"~Mr Eks #PsychClass
"So Mitchell, who taught you to roll your first joint."~Mr Eks, Lmfao peeing myself #PsychClass
Soul throws up just a bit when someone calls Fifty Shades 9f Grey a "romance"
Ugh fuck me for forgetting my iPod
She's definitely got that bae material on!!!
@_jasminemelissa
#WomenCrushWednesday #wcw #SweetCheeks… 
I can never get my hopes up for anything
Why do things like this always happen to me
Brain is on over drive
Brain is having an over thinking moment
Uh bruh, you can't sweat with us...
#WhereMahProteinShakeAt#LoveMyNewShirt #WorkingOutLife #SweetCheeks 
Starting to really love working out
Its workout time #AboutTheWorkoutLife
Home sweet home
Why is it snowing again...
These kids are so fucking annoying. I was better off sleeping
Had the most blissful nap on Sebastian's shoulder
So fucking tired. Holy shit
"is Emily andrade here?" "She doesn't exist" Lmfao literally just peed myself
The 76/15 buses are on point this morning
This kid literally looks like a younger Leonardo DiCaprio
@_JasmineMelissa is going off on a tangent about the weirdest things
Feels so good taking a bath now instead of waiting for later
Arin is such a sweetie for buying me lunch. Love this kid
Having your septum piercing up your nose when its winter, and you still sort of have a cold, is literally the worst feeling
Outside cold because you made me come outside with you earlier than I fucking had to
"Your hair is growing, what are you going to do with it?" Uh keep growing it out, if you think I'm going to slap a chemical on it HA
Gosh my girlfriend is quite the dork
Teach your fucking kid
Serious face....aaahh
#MakeMeExcited #SweetCheeks  #NaturalHair #MakeupOnPoint #CurlyHairDontCare 
The look Mr McKinnon just gave me for being late once again #Priceless
Good job to those people who still has the motivational drive and commitment to still go for a run during the winter #BigUpsToYou
Those people whose face always looks like they've smelt something disgusting
See I don't find it that cold
I know its a Monday but wtf how are you already this horrible
All Curls. No smiles
#SweetCheeks #EyelinerOnPoint #NaturalHair #CurlyHairDontCare 
My dad is literally the most unsafe person driving that I know
Definitely jinxed it
Obviously jinxed it
This weekend has been a pretty good weekend
Wow never have I worked out for this long
Aahh bless, dad made me a protein shake #NumberOneDad
Time to switch from choreographing to working out
Choreographing time
Not safe for work is the literally the funniest shit #NotSafeForWorkPodcast #JoeSantagato
Cooking while blind #NoGlassesNoContacts
I love talking to my favorite poopsicle
Listening to the not safe for work podcast to keep myself from over thinking
Not sure anymore
Wooooow
@_JasmineMelissa is a meanie boobeanie!!!!!
This bed has never felt so comfy #MyBedAllMine
Why are we still outside
My body hurts
Gosh I hate people who work at forever 21
Females are different we don't need to try on shit to know it fits
Aahhh shopping :3
Past fucking annoyed
First time in a while that I've felt completely full
Mehh i feel bad, you don't eat pork so this must smell horrid
Not Safe For Work Podcast&amp;Wendy's #Life
@_JasmineMelissa shush before I relieve my bowels in your hair
@_JasmineMelissa okay fine #GirlfriendForSale
Fuck...I need to pee
@_JasmineMelissa baby no need to be a twat #StopTheTwat2k15
@_JasmineMelissa ohhhhhhhmygosh go away!!!
Was so rushed, couldn't even look at everything on the menu like k bye
@_JasmineMelissa go away! Got me a baconator :*
Mygod I don't know what to get!!! #FirstWorldProblem
Aaahh yas Wendy's
Why is it that whenever I see a home depot, a Lowes is near
Gosh I love her so much, she's such a cutiie
Okay then
Wow the first time in a long time that you didn't annoy me the second I got in the car #BrowniePointsForYou
A certain somebody is dozing off and should just take a nap but is to stubborn to listen to me
Oh my gosh! Cause I'm so scared of the big bad wolf. If only
Uh your pathetic
Im either gunna binge or just not eat at all. Lets see how this day plays out
Murder the mood
Fuck it. Im just not gunna go
"That's why I said I don't need you! I have my shower head. Cause your a dick"~ @_JasmineMelissa
Bitch say what? "How fucking mature Shanice. How fucking mature"~ @_JasmineMelissa
Having some brain farts but also philosophical moment over this APS homework #WtfMrEks
Ugh clive your a piece of shit
Oh my god shut up. Just shut the fuck uo
Can you please just drop dead
Thumbs up for working out
#WorkingOutLife #ImObviABeast #SweetCheeks #ProteinShakeTime 
You annoying the living shit out of me. Drop dead already
Feeling refreshed and dirty #Workout
Workout time!!!
@_JasmineMelissa @KatieDewling #CreditsToShaniceForTheBrilliantIdea
@_JasmineMelissa Tell them bitches straight!!!!
I knew she was gonna talk to me. Sweet little old ladies always talk to people
Well that was annoying
Ugh
Aaaahh Mrs Wolfsey is driving us to Starbucks. Love her so much she's so bomb
This dudes bah is centimeters away from my face #PleaseDontHitMe
How does these things happen? Fuck if only I knew
As if this day couldn't have gotten worst.
This hot chocolate doe #SuperOnPoint #TotesMgotes10outof10
Just currently hating life a bit one step at a time
Talking to him always brings a wave of calmness and I'm now t even sure why #BeenDoingItSince98 #ForeverLoveMyPapa
This day has just all around been a shitty day and just needs to end already #GoodnightTwittaa #SweetDreamsWorld
If only you ever opened up your fucking ears to actually listen to people speak
Do you want me to punch you in the face cause it sure as hell seems like you fucking do
"I have to use the washroom, but its not a peepee"
WHO AM I?!?!?
The correct answer is:
a beast
#WorkingOutLife #ProteinShakesAreLife #GettingMeSomeAbs… 
@_JasmineMelissa you really are but its okay because I love you either way
The ultimate douche bag crew is on the bus #KillMeNow
Off to write an essay with no book and no notes. Fun
Fuckety fuck fuck all
I'm so fucking done
50 minutes late and it didn't tick in your mind to get a late slip. Wooow
Love seeing this bus driver so much. She's always so sweet and cheery
Not sure if I should call back or not...
Getting off this bus is gunna be hella freaking annoying
Fucking kidding me, right?
Ohmygosh power is back
So half the house is powerless...?
Wait what the fuck...where'd the power go...?
Gosh kill me now
Listening to psychobabble and trying so hard not to die of laughter while in this waiting room #TylerOakley
Don't judge me because I'm wearing sweat pants and you chose looking pretty over warmth. Have fun freezing bitch
Honey, its okay. No matter how many times you try to fix it, we can all tell its a wig
People who wear their keys around their neck...why?
Out of all days for me to schedule an appointment it obviously had to be today
Once again no bra
I'm sick and on my period...what is life...
Pretty lucky to have a girlfriend who's sweet, smart, funny and kind and also tells bedtime stories #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
So last night @_JasmineMelissa told me a bedtime story #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
Fucking yes. Thank you mumsie!
Definitely not putting on a bra
Trying not to die
Bring on the chicken nuggets #Popeyes
There are white girls in Popeye's taking a selfie before they leave #ButFirstLetMeTakeASelfie #WhatEven #FirstWorldProblems
Hey there Popeye's
Hashtag feeling like murder #FeelingLikeMurder
Everything hurts. Feels like I'm gunna shatter into millions of pieces
Please realize you need to feed me because if you don't just get the food I won't actually remind you
The second I sat back down I felt like dying
Holy crap dad did you get lost in shoppers drug mart ?
Well would you look at that. Guess who decided to be less annoying
And their goes my voice
I'm sick just leave me alone before I cough in your face
Please stop talking before I stab you in your throat. K thanks
Was lucky enough to spend the ENTIRE day with the one and only @_JasmineMelissa #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours #AmazingDay
@_JasmineMelissa telling me a bedtime story. Gosh I love her more than anyone will ever even be capable of understanding and comprehending
Ever get too lazy to get off the toilet? Cause I do sometimes...like now
Fell asleep and almost missed my stop
What the fuck is up with the 73c today. Like shit, I wanna go home
track pants cause I have sense
My brain hurts from APS
Psychology exam time
Got here late but being marked on time. Thank you supply teacher
Even though I have a psychology exam today, I'm feeling pretty good about life currently
Fuck me, forgot to put on mascara #NoEyelashesInSight
Wow today is actually not too bad weather
Birth Giver and I getting excited over tea #DavidsTea
Hours onto hours on doing my hair on wash day #NaturalHair #WashDayStruggles
Its time to wash the hair #NaturalHair #WashDay
Yaaay completed and handed in my second stop motion #HappyDance
Finally fully calmed
Bread and ice always keeps me calm so I guess I'm gunna eat bread and munch on ice
Mehh
Gosh my girlfriend is honestly amazing #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
Love hearing my brother torment my mother between the breaks of songs changing
Sorting through and rocking out to music #MyWayToRelax
Currently getting into old PTV. Gosh bless my heart #ptv
Lol nevermind way too lazy
Then I realized that today was a wash day #NaturalHair #WashDayStruggles
Mrs D'amato Ft Locker
@olivia_damato 
#FitTheBootyInTheLocker
#ApsClass #BeingProductive 
Got me that Starbucks life
Dad is totally okay with it and that's what bothers you
No but seriously, what the fuck is your deal
What the fuck is your deal
Niners *
God fucking miners
Moments when I love esa
Susan I need to fucking pee
Ugh drama. Kill me
I'm late anyways, so gunna go get me some gummy bears
Always fun finding a Jasmine hair on you
I just really want gummy bears
Feels weird not calling to wake up @_JasmineMelissa at 8 #Mehh
Fuck the weather. I'm wearing a skirt
Hardcover digging these bigger septum balls
Had the most amazing weekend because of @_JasmineMelissa thank you for kidnapping me for the weekend #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
Yes bless my soul
Can't wait to see my babydoll @_JasmineMelissa
@_JasmineMelissa your obviously living the life
Awks moment when the covers are better than originals #PopGoesPunk6 #bands #music
@_JasmineMelissa IS A LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE!!! #GirlfriendForSale
doing a clean sweep of my entire tumblr once again. Time to change everything
Starbuck kids :3
#CoolKidsForLife#rp
luciaaaa_16 
Lol I've been to this Starbucks so she remembers my name and order #StarbucksGirlAtHeart
Can actually say, I had an overall really good day
Brbs gunna go annoy the girlfriend @_JasmineMelissa prepared to be annoyed
Shut up, I'm cute!
#sweetcheeks #IMCUTE #CurlyHairDontCare #EyelinerIsAlwaysOnPoint #elohel… 
Lunch is at 10:40 today.... -___- #WtfEsa
First time in a long time that I've done calmed down eyeliner
Just gatta breathe
Gosh I really hate these nightmares. Their starting to scare the crap out of me
Just finished eating my feelings away #TheBingeLife
Beauty landed on my doorsteps  @_jasminemelissa 
#wcw #MyMelodramaticDramaQueen #WomenCrushWednesday… 
You need to understand why it pisses off. Don't worry though, I'll make you understand since your not getting it through your damn head
Fucking fuck fuck fuck you
Stop taking my shit its seriously not that fucking hard. Gosh
Of fucking course you fucking ate it
Why? Why? Why? Why? I honest to god want to know why
#elohel #littlebroho #bandageonthenose… 
@JasmineMelissa yesssss :3
@_JasmineMelissa I just texted you
Oh my god, stop talking to me
@_JasmineMelissa Wake up!!!
You can't sit with us
@_jasminemelissa 
#GeeksByDay 
#CoolKidsByNight 
#081514 #sweetcheeks #swirl 
You can't sit with us

@_jasminemelissa #GeeksByDay #CoolKidsByNight
#YouCantSitWithUs 
#081514… 
Oh my god Tim shut the fuck up like gosh #elohel #StopCriticisingMe
God I was in a pretty good mood and you just had to kill it didn't you
Gosh I really don't want to be at this guitar lesson
I'd like to say thank you to the man who made it all happen #MLKDay #MartinLuther #MartinLutherKingDay #NeverBeenSoGrateful
Throwing up is starting to actually hurt
What the fuck...but you were fine with it... #soconfused #TryingNotToCry
Finally sorta breathing properly again
Good mood sorta just died
Lmfao gosh Reid is amazing. Literally just made my morning
Oh look where here, I didn't have to swallow my gum
Moments when I feel so bad for my skin
Ugh my poor nose, as if it doesn't have enough to deal with
Guess no more of those
Shaky isn't a good look for me
Fuck her, she's not getting back her drink
Hopefully my mother doesn't slit my throat for making food right now
My bad. A specific stupid 25 year old*
When a specific 25 year old gives me insight and wisdom
"You were never actually good at feelings or emotions. Sorta did a karate kid move every time they came your way"
"Do yourself a favor and don't give up because then your going to hate yourself which leads to you numbing yourself, which is never good"
There's no way to come back from this so why bother trying
No way in hell I'm gunna be falling asleep tonight
Good night world
I'm just a really really bad person, who doesn't deserve anything good in their life
Its been declared that I am very much a horrible person
I'm seriously seeking an answer to this question now lol
#thestruggle #booobs #Question #bras… 
Connection is about being fucked up together. There is no humanity in perfection
Lol wow mom, why are you texting me
Your making fish...? Fucking fish? You can't actually be serious
Please don't talk to me...
Gosh why are you so stupid. Just fucking listen to me and you'll understand.
Elohel to reading my psychology book and using my phone in church
The struggle of this scarf and my septum piercing deciding they want to intertwine
Why is everyone trying to drive me up the wall
Can't wait till you crash and burn
Lol yes to my beautiful little social experiment. It was a test, and guess what? You failed
Your making soup? Your kidding me right
Stop turning up the damn heat
Don't make me change my mind about not freezing you out
If only I gave a single crap about what's going on with you enough to go to her
Have God If You Are Above on blast and repeat #FIR #FallingInReverse
Ugh my head is fucking killing me. Has a fucking heartbeat of its own
Just tired of people. Kinda wanna make friends with my chair
Moments of not being scared to say what needs to be said
Apparently I can't be happy just to be happy. That's great.
Shall I just drown myself in solitude with VD and pizza cause that seems to be the only way for things to go good
I hope there are days when you fall in love with being alive 
White girls at heart @_jasminemelissa #HardcoreCutiies #Lovebugs #sweetcheeks #081514 
Yaay at 8g now #StretchedLobes
She can't fucking move cause she has a stroller so stop being an ass and move out everyone's way
"Are you talking about your new piercing, cause I saw it up your nose yesterday"
Literally peeing myself from my moms reaction of my septum piercing
On my beautiful pa day, decided to go to @_JasmineMelissa school. Had an awesomely amazing time #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
Oh my god, stop looking at me
Thank you ESA for audition day because with it I have no school #BlessMySoul
Not capable with dealing with emotions, especially my own
My brain just needs to shush for a sec or like days
Brain feels like someone's been using it as a rattler
Today was suppose to be a good day
Lights. Camera. Action.
Who can do the better serious face?
#FaceOff #littlebroho #sweetcheeks 
I come in peace
#sweetcheeks #septum #PeaceSignWhatUp 
Has beautiful Starbucks during lunch
Awe Mrs Bourne, giving me love and compliments #TheBourne #GotchuSusan
Why am I still cold
I need to sneeze...
Don't be an asshole just walk up the goddamn stairs
Wtf happened to the bus that was suppose to come 20 minutes ago
Dilemma. How do k clean out all the boogies in my nose #NewSeptumPiercing
Genius over here
@JasmineMelissa awe baby you should have said something cause I had a bag full of q-tips in my bag today
I cannot believe we have already gone through twelve months of absolute fuckery 
#NewSeptumPiercing… 
Don't you dare sneeze Shanice
Way to fucking hot on this bus. Turn the heat off bruh
Yaaay getting my septum pierced :3
In such a good mood
The measures I will go to, to avoid people I know
These dance rehearsals are literally draining the fuck out of me
God I love doing scene work in drama. Always have so much fun and laughs
Love Mrs Kisoons English class so much that I'm in it during my spare
Oh yes subway I love you
Ugh I broke my charger
So confused
Fuck didn't mean to do that
Literally makes no sense at all
How the fuck...?
Oh my god shut up and go to sleep. Its 2 in the fucking morning
Just in a really really really good mood! #NotSureWhy
Why is that much fur on the outside of your jacket even fucking necessary
I'm a stickler for time so do me a favor and just be on fucking time
In so many layers that the cold don't phase me
#NoMakeup
The fact that I'm up this early just shows the commitment I have for some friends
Flashback to giving my little brother the like "hiking" experience
#FlashbackFriday #littlebroho… 
Hopefully she doesn't hate me
This day needs to be over
Oh beautiful spare on a Friday afternoon. K bye school
Did absolutely nothing this period
So sick of human beings. Can't wait for the next couple of years to be over so that when I'm dealing with them its cause I'm getting paid
You just know how to push every single one of my buttons
Came home early this week to babysit YOUR kid, washed everyone's dishes, cleaned my room. Least you can fucking do is keep up your side
Its like I can't go a morning without someone pissing me off
What part of "she has work on Sunday" did you not fucking get? Do I need to break it down for you?
Gosh fuck you and your fucking church
Oh my fucking god no
So very much late for school and I wish I cared more
Trying my best to bottle things up
Don't take it personally
Just no longer up for people and the emotional impacts they have on me
Kinda already know, off the bat, that I'm going to most definitely have nightmares tonight
Did a protein treatment in my hair and damn my hair is hella soft, shiny and healthy looking #NaturalHair
My god the shrinkage is real and a struggle. I'm sure all my natural haired girls can relate #NaturalHair
Oh my god can everybody just stop fucking texting me
Want you completely out of my life like now
Liar liar hope your pants are on fire
Ugh go away Janet
Fuck I forgot my scarf
Geeks by day
Cool kids by night 
Rocking out and sorting my music #SoRelaxed #FavoriteThingToDo
Jaiden is so fucking weird
Geeks by day
Cool kids by night
#bonding #littlebroho #selfie #CoolKidsToTheMax #CoolestOfTheCool… 
Gosh jaiden is following me and keeps making noises. Fucking no
Awe Daniel, why aren't you here to entertain me
Stupidity is ringing strong in this one
In love with the way I did my hair today
Dead tired but I have to stay awake no matter what
Job hunting so don't bother me unless your important aka my girlfriend
@_th3donNick ?
Ew dance. Dear god strike me with lightning like now
My outfit today consists of the color gray. I'm just as bad as @_JasmineMelissa
Oh look what bus decided to be on time today
Definitely have a soft spot for black girls with freckles
Tummy feels weird
I'm this superphilospical kind of person
Stuck in a prison of abstract ideas and overpowering emotions… 
Little brother finally shat in the toilet
Home sweet home
This conversation with Jonas, Reid and caelin took a demented twist for the worst
Need this day to be over
Running off of a solid hour of sleep
Next time you need help, or need something, anything, don't text or call me cause I'll make sure I go out of my way not to answer
Pissing me off so early in 2015 probably isn't your smartest move
You've already found a way to piss me the fuck off
Oh my fucking god you had two weeks of break, coming into the first day of school must be so hard you couldn't fucking do it
Ew school were I have actual classes
How empty the buses get once the ba kids are off
Just move to the fucking back people. I did it, its really not that hard
Ew traffic
Ew bus
Ew outside
"You gotta be crazy to open your windows, invite the demons in" 
#Crank #MusicInTheAir… 
Come outside to see that it snowed. Ew
He's suppose to be going 70 but he's going 120
Ew church people
Ew church
#SuperCasualForChurch
God my head kills
If you don't trust me just say you don't, its that simple
That moment when you feel like crying but you won't let yourself
Feeling tired and deadly drained
If Pierce the Veil doesn't come out with their new album sometime soon I swear I'm going to start a riot #PTV #PierceTheVeil
@_JasmineMelissa keeps asking me to brush her hair...
Truth is ringing in these horoscopes @_JasmineMelissa
Horoscopes being creepy one step at a time @_JasmineMelissa
Oh yes, foooood
Outside is disgusting #NotFeelingThisWeather
Why are we standing here doing nothing. Can we fucking leave
@_JasmineMelissa Lmfao your mom kills me
Jesus Christ its hot in here
Ew to this guitar place
Dad no. Turn the heat the fuck down!
Ew to this snow that has turned into rain
"So where are we off to now" Lmfao wtf dad last time I checked you had the errands and you owned the car
So in love with my makeup and hair today #OnDaysThatItDoesntMatter
Wow contacts I've missed you
Jaiden just has a knack for getting on everyone's nerves all at the same time
Doing laundry the hardcore way cause I got shit to do
We are all seriously confused af
Lol wait what
Uh ew no
Smoooooooth legs
I don't care that its 3 am. I am shaving my legs #CauseWhyTheFuckNot
My girlfriend is always so mean to me #GirlfriendForSale
@_JasmineMelissa #MyLittleSpoiledBrat
@_JasmineMelissa No I Don't!!!!!
Bless with some care packages and sooo happy about them
Having four cheese garlic bread. This is either gunna go good or horribly wrong #lactoseintolerant
Fucking finally
Love this bus driver
Oh bless my soul, 73c is here. Schedules must be wonkey today
Ugh gotta wait an hour for this stupid bus while its cold af in royal York
Feeling like crying isnt exactly the way I planned on starting off the new year
Bless to a pretty much empty bus
Ugh stop with the annoying new years texts
Yes to fergie singing.
Hello 2015
Happy new years!!!!!
Just killed a cockroach like a boss ass bitch
Trying so hard not to punch a fucking hole in the wall
Trying so hard not to punch a wall or yknow, your face
Jaiden...I sorta want my computer back...don't get too attached to it
Gosh your such a fucking moron
Breath in for 4 seconds. Hold your breath for 7 seconds. Exhale breath for 8 seconds
Back inside I go with my warm root beer
Ew its cold
Sitting on the balcony cause why not
Doing what I guess I do best
Just fucking hate the words sorry and promise to no fucking extent
Fucking pissed
Guess old habits really do die hard
Certain things just sometimes become more unbearable
Just fed up
Guess bad habits die hard
This night just keeps getting shittier and shittier and yet I'm still gunna stay up as if I'm tempting the God's
I've come to the decision that I'm just not gunna go to sleep tonight
Obviously that was a bad idea so never mind
In such a fuck the word headached mood that I just don't have the energy to give an ounce of a fuck right now
Tonight was all around just a headache
Its not that hard not to touch what isn't yours. Keep your hands on your own belongings like fuuuck
Oh my god birth giver shut up
.twat.
So fucking annoyed
Ugh shut up shut up shut up
Oh my god fuck off. Wanna be a cunt, I'll be a fucking cunt too
Everyone's goal today seems to be to piss me the fuck off
Brought to you by your favorite cutiies @_jasminemelissa #lgbt #cutiepie #sweetcheeks #skatingday… 
He obvi got some modeling classes from denivalchev #mylittlemodel #mylittlecutie #Vogue 
Birth giver, if you see something and its not in your room, not your dresser and closed, just don't fucking touch it. Seriously not hard
Its onsie time!!!! @_jasminemelissa #081514 #onsie #girlfriend #sweetcheeks #hoothoot 
Ouu a herd of white obnoxious males
Ugh got to wait a half an hour for this stupid bus
Most amazing day with my baby doll @_jasminemelissa #swirl #skatingday #kissesandlove… 
Yesss to the couple who did hardcore shopping on the expensive stores cause its boxing day
Yes to the guy with the beard warmer #OnPoint
Literally everyone on my bus did boxing day shopping #ElohEl
Had the most amazing time with @_JasmineMelissa went shopping skating and ate at five guys Such an amazing day #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThan ...
Found a look a like of @_JasmineMelissa mom
Did you drink milk to get that tall? If so I'm probably short because I'm lactose intolerant
Holy fuck your tall
@_JasmineMelissa #JudgingPeople101
Your hot pink pants make me wanna throw up
@_JasmineMelissa oh shush
@_JasmineMelissa well I'm glad, can this be a reoccurring thing? #JustSayYes
#SportsBraAllDayEveryday
Gosh your eyebrows are long and scary. Do yourself a favor and don't ever pick up an eyebrow pencil
People who wear strong as fuck perfume can go rot in hell
Nothing else to do today so guess I'm gunna finish halo from start to end
Honestly what the fuck is the point of me being in this house
Only thing she's good at
And there goes birth giver again, ruining everyone's mood
Ohmygod literally peeing myself of laughter. These bus drivers are too much
Roads are clear, people getting on and off rarely. This should be a fast bus ride
Spending Christmas with @_JasmineMelissa and her fam jam. No doubt that today is going to be a fun and funny day
Some dude running after the birds in the station #TheresMyEntertainment
Loving how empty the subway is
The happiness that raises when your on the bus and its just passing and not stopping anywhere
There's something so fascinating with seeing everything so empty outside. No rough and tug of cars no lines of people just empty peacefu ...
Hoping today stays a good day
"Dear Diary. A chipmunk asked what my name was today, told him it was Joe. That lie will haunt me forever" #peeing #VD #DamonS
Finally eating a meal for the first time in like 3 days
Thank you papa!!!
I'm tired of acting like were a family when in reality we are fucking not so stop with the fucking charades cause I'm sick of it
Gosh everything just hurts at this point
@_JasmineMelissa is about to hibernate in her room for a while #ElohEl
Feel like punching a wall or stabbing a pillow 30 thousand times
so cute how you think I'm actually going to leave the house cause you need something
Gosh these fucking elevators. Could you be any slower. Seriously -_-
Doing laundry with the muffin
There's nothing to eat in this godforsaken house
So fucking sick and tired of this
@_JasmineMelissa is trying to give me the silent treatment. Let's see how this works out #StayTuned
Come home to find out no ones even fucking home
Pretty sure my good mood now is cause I'm listening to country music #MakeMeExcited #GoodDay #CountryMusic
Actually in such a good mood and I'm not even sure why
Gosh you people are so useless
Literally only motivation to get out of bed now a days is @_JasmineMelissa
Feel so bad for the fact that @_JasmineMelissa has to deal with my random noises
Actually peeing myself that there's a movie called "Dear White People"
So fucking pointless
Feeling like death
My god done final fucking ly
Oh my god end
@_JasmineMelissa needs to wake up so that she can entertain me!!!!!
Wow guess he doesn't care about me wearing a beanie to church
Honestly still not seeing the point of church and I know I never will
Only thing classy to this outfit is my heels
Hashtag super casual wear to church
Feeling dizzy and head hurts but I still have to go to church...
Moments when I wish my dads neighbors didn't have enough common sense to put passwords on their wifi
The feeling you get when you get home after a long day outside
That moment of hearing a song and being like "I need to choreograph something to this song like now" #DancerFeels
@br1vnne funny thing is I saw them like 2 weeks ago and I went back to that same store and it looks like they never even existed
@KatieDewling @_JasmineMelissa are big fat meanie boobinees!!!!! And so is the mumsie!!!!! #GotMyMadFaceOn
@br1vnne its freaking annoying! It doesn't even feel like their sold out it feels like they don't even sell them anymore! #InternallyCrying
Given up on finding my damn Pillsbury Christmas goddamn cookies
I just wanna be able to get my goddamn Pillsbury Christmas cookies
Just took in my iPod is jam packed filled with Rock and Country music #LoveMeSomeCountryMusic #RockMusicIsWhereItsAt
Feels like its 9 when its really just past 5:30
Was in the car NY myself for 4 and a half hours straight. Wasn't that hard, pretty proud of myself
Finally their done with their hell hole party
Really need to fucking pee
Feeling a lot better. Thank you girlfriend, music and writing
Wish I never woke up to start with this morning
Feel like I'm gunna throw up
Please, please, please don't talk to me. Like at this point I'm begging
Gosh I don't like people
If he forces me to go to this thing I'm probably going to cry...
The weather is so freaking weird #WtfMotherNature
Always nice eating breakfast, driving around and talking about cars with my papa
Love me some Starbucks, especially free Starbucks
Aaahhhh Jared is working today which means free Starbucks #BlessHisSoul #StarbucksGirlAtHeart
So my eyes are a bit fucked up and weird
Wow thought I was gunna be late
And your already annoying as fuck
I was fine until you opened your mouth and started talking
Finally getting up
My motivation for actually getting up and getting ready for this appointment is because there's a Starbucks right across the street from it
Just don't feel like moving or getting up or actually living today
Would have made my life a hell of a lot easier if I just didn't have called
Getting use to my nights going straight to shit
Wow that hurt like a bitch
Reason why I don't openly talk is just cause everytime I do something goes wrong or someone gets hurt its best to just keep your mouth shut
Thank you so much for that...
Choreographing for the fun of it
"Does your hair get wet or does the water just fall off of it" Is this one of those questions your asking me because Im black #Kingsley
Why is it that when life is good and shit is straight, some bitch gatta come and fuck it up
Watching old Kingsley like yaaaaassss
I guess nice just ain't my color
@_JasmineMelissa ohhhhhh, well that white woman is playing it smart
@_JasmineMelissa gosh your mom kills me #MamaClinton #ElOhEl #WhitePeople
Oh fun, missed the bus
Head feels like murder
Why can't I at least have the morning to myself. That's all I want. All I want is the goddamn fucking morning
And back comes the feeling where it feels like my brain has been rattled into my skull like 30 times
If I really wanted your help, dont you think I would have perhaps yknow ask for it
Why are you still here and talking
Why the fuck is the light on
I only ever have a couple of minutes to myself in the morning. Let me fucking have them
And just when I thought things were getting better... then again count me a fool for thinking they would
Finally at schook
Sounds like a morning for some country music
Deep in love with the song You Ain't Dolly #nashville #countrymusic
Finally out of the house
Not sure what's been going on with me today
I hate you. I hate you. I hate you
Head feels like murder
Seems like mother nature is confused
Gosh my head
@_JasmineMelissa since you put your name before you tweeted...is this you quoting yourself? #HugestDorkIKnow
Can't wait to spend Christmas break with @_JasmineMelissa and the Fam jam. Elohel to liking my girlfriends family way more than my own
Ouu she made food
Mood, ruined
Gosh I am so fuckin tired
Gosh she's the only one who can make me actually smile this early in the morning
The one thing that extremely gets on my nerves, she does, all the time
So sick and tired of this
Shaky
Would call her back but I gatta ready for stupid school in like a half an hour
Fuuuck
I love my space and privacy, so if you could give that to me that would be lovely. K thanks
Shaking...
Just makes me feel like shit and like I wanna cry...that's all
Why does everyone like raising their voices or yelling/shouting at me as though I'm always doing something wrong...
Nashville time
Why did you decide to be on this bus
Country music is currently life
Wow a supply
Why am I so tired...
Ugh but I wanted to put on netflix
Had an amazing day with my best friend emy, Jeff and my beautiful girlfriend @_JasmineMelissa
gosh this girl needs to hurry the fuck up
Relief
Walking as if there's a stick up my ass
Literally feeling bad for my bladder
Gosh I need to freaking pee
Never realized how tired I was till now
Oh okay, you guys are switching
Bus driver, where in the actual fuck are you going
Bless
Let's see how lucky I'll get with the bus
Probably should have peed before I left the house again #ohwell
So close. Guess I'm walking back
Off to the bank
"So if he says blink, I suggest you blink" so much attitude, gotta love it
Its too early in the morning and i am in too good of a mood,for you to be attempting to piss me off
I've typed in this word so many times that I'm getting to that point when I'm no longer sure if I'm spelling it right
Never really know how I ever feel about All Time Low's music
Excitement is just soaring through me. Not exactly sure how that's possible this early in the morning
Let's see how long it takes her to notice lol
You can't plan things and expect me to drop all my shit for them
The day before i see @_JasmineMelissa I'm either out of control insane, happy and dorky and hyper or stuck in a corner depressed or both ...
Gosh, remember the good old days when he was sweet, kind and did what you told him to do? Yeah I… 
I wonder if she's asleep yet
Gosh so close to home but traffic feels like fucking me over
"We call that an ESA moment " Lmfaaoo actually peeing myself
"And do you know why their happier than you? Because choices make you miserable" ~Mr Eks. So much actual truth
Fighting hard to stay awake
Lol love talking about plans while she's around
Hate how this keeps happening to her
Awe my little muffin is sick :(
Twisted and demented
@_JasmineMelissa is my little cheesy fuck #MyGirlfriensIsBetterThanYours
This girl is too much #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
Being serenaded by my dork @_JasmineMelissa #MyGirlfriendIsBetterThanYours
Gosh @_JasmineMelissa is such a dork who I love so very much
Lungs hurt a bit
My love for country music runs so deep and I highly doubt that's ever going to change
lol jk bingeing on vampire diaries instead
Time to binge on Nashville #ThankYouNetflix
Completely and utterly in love with Hayden Panettiere
Time to go download me some country songs :3
ugh thanks for fucking up phone
Thank you for the ipod birth giver
Loving my new pink headphones #ILovePink
Oh could this day get any more fucking worse
Thank you for fucking up my mood
Happy happy mood!!! :)
Happiness
Love this couple so much
Ugh were gunna be late
It is way too fucking hot in this car for heat
Just got in the car and already you're pissing me off. Like fuck off, your late so just fucking drive
Ew snow
Finally can listen to music. Temporary fix :)
Aaaahhh my two favorite youtubers follow me on Tumblr!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 :3 :000
Why does it smell so dank on the bus lol
Been writing all morning
Ew to the wind
Its ruined...gosh I'm such a fuck up
Shaky shaky shaky as fuck
Not sure how to fall back asleep
Need this to stop
Seriously hate these nightmares
I'm just tired and drained and I can't keep putting up with this anymore
2nd night in a row
God the fucking traffic
Sebby is forever my favorite pillow
Bus was way too hot. Felt like I was going to faint
"Do you lead a fulfilling life? Cause yknow your playing with dust..." ~Caelin. Lmfao love the shit that comes out of his mouth
Always have such a grand time making fun of myself with @_JasmineMelissa
@_JasmineMelissa wooow your kidding me right?
Ahhhh I have my league of legends back!!!! :D
Someone wanna bring me food D:
Ugh Im hungry...
Keep hearing this ringing noise, wondering if its my own ears and Im just going crazy or if its actually there
Gosh if only I gave a fuck about "PLL Christmas". Like no, shut the fuck up
Have most of my music back!!! :)
Definitely not going back to sleep...
Wasn't it 160 characters before..not 140...?
I don't know why she wonders about her lack of friends when its so fucking clear
Just want this day to be done
Lungs are shot
Pretty sure I'm going hysterical now
Time to put everything back on the computer. Wow gunna be sooooo much FUN!!!! -_-
Yaay its working and set up
Every time this bus breaks it sounds like its going to croak and die
Oh my god people shut the fuck up with your complaining. We all wanna go home so calm your shit
Lol wtf is going on...?
Dogs seriously just love me. Like its a literal fact
Always the most amazing time on my spare with Deni
Lol to this drama class
Should I? Kinda want to...
Haven't seen this dude in like forever
Elohel to that. A bet should totally be made out of it
Yes she's getting it for me
Please leave me alone
Seriously grinds my gears
When I see a bitch, I just like tapping her on the shoulder to let her know that she's a b with an itch and there's no doubt about it
Why does my stomach hate me
Last time I checked, its my allowance. I don't see why you feel the need to take it
Aaahhh candy cane hot chocolate!!!! :3
Gosh the amount of snowflake hair I have on me
SD card in my shoe so that there's no chance of me losing it before i get home :3
Been with her all day and I still already miss her
Off to surprise my babygirl
Mehh my legs feel so numb and I have no clue why
Ugh dad I get that its Sunday but like I like this song!!!!!
Ew its so bright outside
Stop trying to bullshit your kid, he's not that stupid
But like...I want food...like now
Let's see how long I last in these heels. Timer started at 5
Ew stuck in the car with Clive
God its fucking cold in this car
Smells weirdly sweet in Clive's car
Ohmygod @_JasmineMelissa sleeps too much!
If only @_JasmineMelissa would wake up already #SleepyHead
Just finished watching the bee movie. Trying to pass time while she sleeps
What am I doing wrong...
I just no longer want to miss her. I'm sick and tired of missing her.
Not sure anymore, guess my mood is just off
Gosh I just love her so damn much
Thought I proved it to her by now...but I guess not
Just had a total wtf moment. Woow
Sick to my stomach
I don't wanna go to her birthday party dinner shit thing and I don't get why that's so fucking hard for you to understand that
Gosh you must love ruining my fucking good moods. You must fucking love it
Lol its so cute how she thinks I'm going. Its so fucking adorable, cause yknow, I'm not
A good morning surprise for the girlfriend and her mumsie
Gosh I love taking the bus in the morning. Barely anyone getting on and rarely stops
Also there to give a heart warming kiss on the cheek to my little fairy @_jasminemelissa 
#sweetcheeks… 
Decided to be cute, but its kind of a tiny surprise for her. Cute, but tiny
Sucky thing is I got excited to finally call her and then yeah
Papabear on point! As per usual!! #ThanksPapa
Seriously not in the mood to hear these obnoxiously loud niners babble about their meaningless lives
Lol my half asses knee highs have stretched into actual knee highs
@_JasmineMelissa nope I didn't get you addicted to jackshit!!!
Love how were learning about Sigmund Freud's theories
Shit load of sex references this class
"And I kicked him down, and I fucked him up" ~wow Mr eks
Nighty night to the big bad world. Have sweet dreams cause I surely won't
"Sleep here I come. Nightmares watch me run" totes mgotes should be a lyric #SoDone #SleepIsTheNewDeath
Tonight has officially turned out to be a painfully not needed trainwreck. Sleep here I come
Ready. Set. Go. Nightmares go ahead and have fun fucking with my brain tonight
Should probably go to sleep before this night could possibly get worse.
Not in the mood. Definitely not in the mood and thought that would have been better now but if anything its worse
Gotta love it when she thinks she "fucked things up", when in all reality, nothings even really screwed up to start with
I've said the phrase "you'll live" today more than I thought I could
First person to actually ask me that question
Jamming out hard to slim shady
Just need a distraction right now
Its like this house is toxic and every time I get near it or in it, it gets hard to breathe
You just got in the house, can you stop being a fucking twat
Problems, problems and more problems
Ouu the smell of fresh paint. Gotta love them toxins
Just don't really like talking to people in general
Tech was pretty bomb lol thank you Malachi and Kyle
Strongly hate bishop Allen kids. Gosh their so fucking annoying asshole twats #BishopAllens #BA
Fuuuck just missed the bus by like a half a second
If only @_JasmineMelissa would hurry up with this shower of hers because I'm very bored #IKnowImAHypocrite
God I've never heard anyone more stupid
My mood just go so ruined. God -_-
Tim is probably my number one, top of the list, favorite person #GirlfriendsBrother #TotalDork
Beauty of getting on the bus super early
Gotta love le spare with deni and olivka
@_JasmineMelissa is a little shit. Gotta love her
@_JasmineMelissa woooow good job smart one
"Its 11:05. Make a wish."~@rolandinyn  Lmfao what? So fucking confused
"Oh we were suppose to draw them in six boxes. I drew them in one"~lily. Lmfao fucking wow the smartness in this class
Mr eks and his story lmao
@_JasmineMelissa complains about me not texting her back and then she does the exact same thing #GirlfriendProblems
Can't wait for Tims during lunch!!! :3 #LoveMeSomeTims
@_JasmineMelissa wooow arent you just the sweetest little thing #GirlfriendNotForSale
@_JasmineMelissa that sound like a lot of work #ImALazyFuck #GirlfriendProblems
@_JasmineMelissa #WhiteGirlProblems
Aaahh she totes magotes me!!!! God I missed her
Been dealing with them for a week straight and if I have to one more day I'm going to snap their necks
Of course your hair was oily, its cause you wash it too fucking much
God I can't wait to drop these people as friends and not feel a hint of guilt at fucking all
I'm perfectly fucking fine so can you please stop asking me if theres something wrong or if its a bad morning cause its annoying af
It would be nice if they knew how to not involve me in their shit, cause I no longer give a flying fuckaroo
Wow the annoyance is real
This is an anthem, so fucking sing. A dedication to the end of everything
Gosh I hate her
Swear this is gunna drive me straight into insanity
Elohel the girl who always cries out  none of her friends are ever there for her, is the same girl who always screams she wants to be alone
Oh my god, suck it up and stop being a little bitch about things
I don't get why this keeps happening
Entertaining to hear my little brother complain about how he wants candy now
Book, hot chocolate and chips I stole from my little brother &lt;3
Just giving @_JasmineMelissa a play by play of everything I'm doing until shes done dinner and can answer le text messages
So up for the new bath salts my mumsie bought me
So yeah @_JasmineMelissa is my total sexy red head girlfriend #BeJealous
Dyed and trimmed girlfriends hair. Totally came out amazingly
With my babygirl @_JasmineMelissa
Off to go wake up the girlfriend
Head feels like murder
@_JasmineMelissa is a dork and a weirdo but I love her more than words can even start to describe
Gosh she frustrates me
Bored af. Since there's nothing to do I shall hit the sack and sleep
Aaahhh fantastic four!!!!!
Ughhhh
Definitely still in love with Ronnie Radke #FallingInReverse
Beauty of no one home and having YouTube on le TV. Jamming out hard to music
Hopefully I don't kill my lungs
Warm bath, book, music and scented candles mhmmm
Once again, past annoyed
gosh I need to pee
Aahhh my little sister who isn't actually blood related to me
And finally the most annoying people on the bus are gone
God that was the most horrendous dance class I've ever been in
Just let me read my fucking book
Lol yes go tell Mrs Mockler as if a fuck was given and as if I really really care
This sounds like a joke. God this class. Miss Mrs Friedman
Gosh this class feels so pointless
Performance went pretty awesomely amazing
Please don't invite yourself, cause if you do I'll be annoyed and you'll look pathetic
Forever love the shit that comes out of Lula's mouth
Oh I'm so dearly sorry that I'd rather be in the library then hear you and your bestie listen to your music and talk about glo #boohoo
Lol don't invite me for lunch to be hoarded off my someone else
Done my fucking sonnet #FuckYouEnglish
Writing a sonnet is so fucking nerve wrecking #FuckYouEnglish
Ohmygod Pornstache look a like is driving the bus #OITNBReference
Gosh I love her
Way too shaky to even get up
Trying to convince myself that its okay. Its all okay
I really don't like you, hopefully for your sake you see that I don't like you
Currently kinda really hate myself #IDontOwnCommonSense
On a scale from 1 to 10, 1 being not at all and 10 being alot,how much do you think I care? Cause its landing at a hard 0 right now
Tattoos and a switchblade attitude snakebite heart with a bubblegum smile
@_JasmineMelissa is suuuuuuccchhhh a drama queen!!!!!
Oh how I've missed you adventure time!!!!
Aahhh app store is working again #ThankGod
Now my app store doesn't work. Your fucking kidding me right? #FuckYouPhone
Blesssss it works
Aahhh new 16gb SD card #SooooHappy
Stop expecting it
Back to my supernatural marathon
Kid is obsessed with frozen
This is awks...
Had the greatest nap known to man. Holy shit that shit was good
Ohmygosh Gabriel isnt actually dead!! Oh how I've missed him #Supernatural #Season9 #Trickster
Home sweet home
The beauty of having a spare that makes an early dismal, hella early
Best conversation i think I've ever had
Forever love Mr eks class
Aahhh Cinnabon time!!
@_JasmineMelissa says the girl who has her phone notify her every time I tweet
@_JasmineMelissa oh stop being a Grinch. Christmas music is the bomb dot com #AllDayEveryday
For the first time I understand math. Wow
The beauty of missing the bus by a couple of seconds
Love listening to her sleepy voice, when she wakes up
Thinking about things I don't want to think about....
Way more shaky then I usually am...
Woooow that's great!
Can you please calm the fuck down, dont know why your freaking out when I dont reply to your text messages quickly #CalmYourShit
Took only a day and a half to read Divergent, wow I have no life #Bookworm #GeekTheFuckOut #GeekAlert
Me and @_JasmineMelissa are pretty badass. Sneaking her in and out of my house without anyone noticing #PartnersInCrime
Lol to my aunt whos not really my aunt who doesnt really seem to have a life so she comes to my house as much as possible #CanYouNot
Elohel to @_JasmineMelissa in my closet
Popcorn, chips, drinks and movie &lt;3
You are the reason lesbians have a bad name and stereotype
Beautiful, beautiful, empty bus
Went 4 days without music. Didn't realize how much I missed it till now #MusicAddict
Been reading Divergent and getting feels
Such beauty. I got my phone back #Hallelujah
God I'm so fucking done
You seriously like hearing yourself talk
Bought me lactose free cream #DadIsBae #LactoseIntolerant
Kind of a relief
Well she's going to hate me
Sweaty hands, sweaty everything
Just keeps replaying in my head over and over with no stop, pause or volume button
Food then sleep
I'm actually incredibly hungry
Do you want me to drop kick in your face? Cause I honest to god think you want me to. I really truly believe you want me to
Shanice feels like she's going to pass out so Shanice wants to leave the store before she fucking passes out
Your sooooo pretty...but really...fur coat?
Lmfao park the cat. My phone is amazing
Oh my god just fucking park the cat
stop making excuses for me. I failed the test because I didn't study. Its that fucking simple
That's awesome!  I don't care
Can you please stop talking. All I really wanna do is listen to music which no one seems to be letting me fucking do
Finally.
Ugh how long are you going to make me wait
Its your laundry and last time I checked you had two fucking legs
I like when someone lies to me when I already know the entire story
Overthinking and overthinking and overthinking
Scared he hates me now...
Tea and chips are obvi a healthy combination for breakfast
First we feel. Then we fall
Having a smoke  or the whole pack in my room cause yknow why not
Gunna see how long I can keep up that wall again and stay numb.  Betting at least a year
Got so desperate I started to believe in God for a couple of minutes
@Kaileybrenner34 can't*
@Kaileybrenner34 I don't have the twitter app so I can exactly reply to your msg lol uhm I'll text you
Calling the one person I know will pick up and just let me cry to them until I fall asleep
Hopefully can fall asleep and never wake up again. Good night world... well hopefully, if I can shut down and fall asleep
I just really need my best friend...but her phone is off...
Smoking in my bedroom cause why the fuck not
Throwing a pity party for myself. Skype date with my lovely and supernatural
Everything bad always happens on November 21st
She's gone and she's never coming back...
Keep forgetting how to breathe
Just lost the best thing that I'll ever have in life
I guess that's it...time to shut down now
She obviously deserves better than me so here's her chance to get better
I even hate me
She now hates me...
Well that was a very intense conversation
