What happens when you are open to anything and everything? 
Would people who love you lose you? 
What are your angels saying to you today? 
How much sunshine do you have today? 
When do you see events as opportunity? 
When you see humor, you win! 
How can you be less hard on yourself for little mistakes you make? 
How important are you? 
What fairy tales will you create in your dreams tonight? 
What is courage? 
What do you see in others that you can't see in yourself? 
What are you inhaling and exhaling today? 
How could you look at your world differently? 
How happy would you be to meet yourself? 
What can you perceive differently? 
When did you stop explaining yourself? 
What is love? 
What is freedom? 
When will you be ready to move on? 
How great will your day be? 
Who does the future belong to? 
How ready for sleep are you? 
What does this planet need? 
Who do you surround yourself with? 
Where can you find life? 
For the Mothers who are gone but not forgotten! 
How much sunshine is in your life today? 
Who are your kids? 
What gift can you give to your family on Mother's Day? 
What can you do when you fall and make mistakes? 
Do you ever want to give up? 
What is lost in your life? 
Who will you send Mother's Day wishes to today? 
What are you thankful for tonight? 
What will your dreams bring you tonight? 
Will you find someone to solve all of your problems? 
Who are you? 
What are some of the life lessons you have learned? 
What can you ask yourself before you get upset? 
About love, Annie's Song! 
What is the most precious gift we can offer? 
What do you admire about you? 
What kind of pebble will you search for when you are in love? 
What happens when you are motivated by love? 
Do you let others destroy your peace? 
What can happen when you believe in yourself? 
What acts of kindness will you put forward today? 
What a great day to enjoy life! 
How strong is your mind tonight? 
Good night and pleasant dreams! 
Who gives you what you need when you need it? 
How often do you get caught up following the masses? 
The last time you looked in the mirror what did you see? 
What can bring you back to balance in life? 
Will this time every make sense to you? 
What is intuition? 
How powerful is kindness? 
What kinds of friends are in your life? 
What will you listen to today? 
What will you do if someone treats you unkindly? 
Are you receiving prayers and love? 
It really is a beautiful morning! 
It's a beautiful morning! 
How much attention do you pay to others faults? 
I'm so tired I could fall asleep anywhere, how about you? 
What are the most beautiful eyes? 
What do you own that is not temporary? 
What advice can you get from the ocean? 
May the positive energy of the universe flow through you! 
This little light of mine 
How will you let your light shine? 
Do relationships cause pain and unhappiness? 
What do you deserve in your life? 
What will you attract by being thankful? 
What is one way to get your exercise? 
What have you gained from life's difficulties? 
What will you do with this precious day today? 
How clear is your spirit today? 
How well do you stand alone? 
How many miracles were part of your life today? 
Who will lift you higher? 
How loving, hopeful and optimistic are you? 
What can your wounds turn you into? 
How often do you laugh with others and enjoy it? 
What determines the true course of your life? 
Does your light, love, laughter reflect who you are? 
Do you love me for who I am? 
When does your brain not function properly? 
What are you homesick for? 
What might happen if you don't show appreciation? 
What are you supposed to discover when you fall? 
What happens when we stop judging others paths? 
Is it raining where you are? 
What is the ground for real love? 
Looking back over your day what did you do today? 
A giggle for tonight! 
What are you beginning now? 
What happens when you practice walking meditation? 
What rules do you follow  to live a good life? 
What is cheaper than therapy and better for you? 
How open are you to the peace and compassion of your true nature? 
How ready to fly are you? 
Do we ever lose what we have loved deeply? 
When do you meet the people you need to meet? 
What is the greatest gift you have to offer? 
What will you share today? 
What is included with friendship? 
How will you stay on track today? 
How content are you with what you have? 
What friends are in your thoughts tonight? 
What good would you like flowing into your life today? 
What is the greatest lesson you have learned? 
A Cheyenne Prayer! 
When do you turn to nature? 
How do negative thoughts affect you? 
Are you choosing to be happy? 
If you're a dog lover does this fit with your 4 legged friends? 
Have you ever been addicted to misery? 
Are you a good friend to have? 
What will your book of life say today? 
How broken are you? 
How can you make a difference? 
How ready are you to move forward today? 
How open is your heart tonight? 
How bright is the moon tonight? 
What is it that you want? 
What does happiness depend on? 
What secret do you want to know? 
What will your inner guidance tell you tonight? 
How perfect is love? 
The Prayer 
What signs may you see when an Angels are with you? 
What color is your soul? 
An Apache Blessing! 
What will you ask for help for? 
What can you do for the full moon? 
How pleasant will your day be? 
How rushed are you feeling today? 
Who will you forgive tonight? 
Good night, snoring cat! 
Are you a perfect parent? 
What is your journey all about? 
How much do you love yourself now? 
When does inner peace begin? 
Have you seen better days? 
How beautiful is nature today? 
Are you an original? 
Are you having a rough day? 
What can happen when you make assumptions? 
What good do you see in your life? 
How can you respond instead of react? 
How much freedom do you give to those you love? 
How easy is it for everyone to get along in this world? 
How much do you believe in yourself? 
Good Night, sleep tight! 
What can I do so that you know you are whole? 
What do you do if your wrong? 
How has May been for you so far? 
Where can silence take you to? 
What can you do to get out of a bad mood? 
How do you know you have made the right decision? 
How crispy are you? 
How will you make yourself proud today? 
What do you need to be pretty? 
What needs to be the primary focus in your life? 
Do you know what your philosophy is? 
What doesn't the ego know? 
What are you feeling and sensing today? 
Some quotes for tonight! 
How wonderful was your day? 
What are 3 things you might wish for sometimes? 
When have you needed to rely on faith? 
How much do you give? 
Who do others think you are? 
When did you decide to live in the moment and follow your heart? 
When do you know you have grown up? 
How often do you forgive and love with all your heart? 
What is your anchor? 
How cluttered is your space? 
What are two of the hardest things to find? 
Love and support to our friends in Nepal and India! 
What is the secret password to your soul? 
What picture will you create today? 
What do you choose to become? 
May you have wonderful dreams of beautiful things! 
What did you come here to gather? 
What happens when one door closes? 
What happens if you play with the feelings of others? 
What do you see when you look deep into nature? 
What are some of the reasons you came to this world? 
What is the good and bad news of today? 
What is the substance of all life? 
Who is the bravest? 
What three things do you have control over? 
Are you a being of love for those around you? 
Who dull's your shine? 
What are two important choices you make? 
How many people are you around who like to bring you down? 
Prophecy Song! 
An affirmation for tonight! 
Another message for tonight! 
Cuddle up it's time to say goodnight! 
What are you attracting into your life? 
What do you do when you fall down? 
What is the greatest wealth? 
What is integrity to you? 
How do you feel when the person to share with isn't there? 
What important things do you leave off your to do list? 
What happens when you listen? 
What is your responsibility? 
How will you make a difference in the world? 
What is love all about? 
How vibrant are the colors surrounding you today? 
What is impossible? 
Good Night, sleep well! 
How many people want to stop you from speaking the truth? 
Are we all connected? 
What is friendship? 
How often do you underestimate the power of touch? 
Metta Prayer for Today 
What do we need silence for? 
How open are you? 
What does Confucius say today? 
What are you trying to change? 
What are some of your obligations in life? 
42 Life lessons from a 90 year old! 
What is patience? 
How cool will your day be? 
What will your act of kindness be for tonight? 
Where will you fall asleep tonight? 
Do you have best friends who love you? 
What is your gift to the world? 
How special are you? 
What can become a miracle for you? 
Are you still looking for the light? 
Who will you allow into your life? 
Thank you for being a friend! 
Who makes your life happy? 
How open are you to love? 
What is one of the most expensive things you will do? 
How does this apply with everything and everyone in life? 
What religion are we all of? 
What can you do to assist on Mother Earth? 
Sending thoughts and prayers to those who are struggling tonight? 
Good Night and have pleasant dreams! 
Send love and healing energies to Nepal! 
What does earth provide? 
Do you find yourself always focusing on how old you are? 
How often do you pause in the pursuit of happiness? 
What is prayer? 
Are you a child of the universe? 
What is the reason you are here on this earth? 
What is patience? 
How do you reach people who are not within your reach? 
How often do you ask for help? 
Do you need Love today? 
How can you raise your vibration? 
It's a lazy, rainy Saturday! 
What does the present moment open for you? 
How peaceful will your evening be? 
How often do you sit back and wait for the perfect moment? 
What is the reason caring people help others? 
How genuine are you? 
Who is it that is getting old? 
What do you need to let go? 
How bold are you? 
Who do you try to please? 
What weighs you down? 
Where does your light come from? 
What will you do to inspire others today? 
What do you see when you look into another Human Being? 
What is your reason for being here? 
Do you reach for all you deserve? 
Who will change your life? 
How well did you stay in the moment today? 
Are you honest about who you are? 
What have you wasted your time on? 
Have you found love? 
How often has music been there for you? 
What lessons do you learn from love? 
When will you go the extra mile? 
How much time to you spend with people you love? 
How much of a hurry are you in? 
What will you gain through Spiritual maturity? 
What does your perfect world look like? 
It's a brand new day! 
Good Night Precious Earth! 
What can you learn from a tree? 
How often do you send love, respect and prayers to our planet? 
What happens in the Cosmos when we make positive changes? 
What music do you hear today? 
What happens when you find inner peace? 
What can you do when your world is falling apart? 
What lessons are you learning now? 
How would you live without Mother Earth? 
What are you here for? 
Who's problem is it? 
Natures music for today 
Do you listen to nature's music? 
What will you achieve today? 
What will your journey become for you today? 
What will you do for earth day today? 
Is getting what you want good for you? 
The end of a busy and good day! 
Where does change start? 
When does your future begin 
How much do you believe in you? 
Are the winds of change blowing in your direction? 
How radical are you? 
How often do you hypnotize yourself? 
How easy is it for you to name 10 things money can't buy? 
How lucky are you? 
What irritates you? 
12 Steps for Self Care! 
What will you take  pictures of? 
How much happiness and joy will you give out today? 
How thankful are you this morning? 
What will you see in nature today? 
How positive will you be? 
May you sleep well tonight with Angels to guide you! 
How do you want to be distracted? 
How well do you understand our unique challenges? 
Have you had feelings that seem to be a sign from above? 
What behaviors don't you like in others? 
How well do you nurture, build and understand others? 
What do you see in an animals eyes? 
When will you start writing your book? 
Who surrounds you? 
What are the keys to living life with integrity? 
How do you want your sons to grow up? 
What is the bridge between you and everything? 
Spring is here! 
What will thinking positive thoughts do for you? 
How fast will you fall asleep tonight? 
What does breath connect us to? 
Do you believe the doubts in your mind? 
What are you breathing in? 
What do you really want to do? 
What are you too busy to do? 
How old is too old to set a new goal? 
What can you do when you don't know and learn it? 
What Coconut Oil can do for you! 
How many angels are protecting you? 
What experiences will you have today? 
How precious is this morning to you? 
What choices do you have in the morning? 
How precious is your life? 
How positive will your dreams be tonight? 
How can you get rid of fear, anger and restlessness? 
What's your message? 
Who do you surround yourself with? 
When you complain what are you not accepting? 
Do you still have a twinkle at your age? 
Forever Young 
Have you turned the page in your book of life? 
How much do you love yourself? 
What are the best things in your life? 
What do you look back on if life? 
What new doors are opening for you? 
How will you light up the world today? 
It's Saturday and what a beautiful day it is! 
What will you experience in your life? 
Are you a part of all that is? 
What do you learn from the thorns in life? 
What is your job? 
What is the fastest way to learn something? 
What bad habit are you going to break? 
Do you listen to the inner guide within you? 
How strong are you in the truth of your beauty? 
How do you share your happiness with others? 
Walking on Sunshine 
What is one of life's greatest gifts? 
What do you have the potential to do? 
How will you make your day count? 
How fortunate are you? 
Are you smiling today, it's Friday! 
Are you waiting for your ship to come in? 
Another busy day and it's sleep time! 
When does true liberation occur? 
What happens when you walk on earth? 
What do you do when you feel like giving up? 
How easy is it to embrace the present moment? 
Where do you see the magic of nature? 
How will you create your blessings to be multiplied? 
What is life all about? 
Who can stop you from being you? 
What do you accept today? 
What can happen when you love from a distance? 
What do you need to go back and fix? 
What a wonderful sunrise today! 
When will you get a second chance? 
A simple goodnight? 
What is Earthing? 
What is your greatest test? 
What is emotion? 
What will help you remember your spirit? 
What can you gain from conversations with the right people? 
What is the story you tell about your life? 
Are you trying to resolve things in life all the time? 
How happy and peaceful are you? 
Are you over 50 and loving it? 
How will you make a difference in someones life? 
What will you put into the universe today? 
Where do you seek love? 
How beautiful will your day be? 
A Positivity Pledge 
Time to sleep! 
What happens when you see the beauty of the moon? 
What do you need to do to make the right choices? 
What gives you a great feeling of appreciation? 
A computer story for this afternoon! 
Who has the right to judge you? 
What things should you tell yourself? 
What pathway will you follow? 
What is grief? 
How simple is it to practice love? 
What will you leap at today? 
What is the best way to defeat an enemy? 
What is the best way to deal with a mouse in your house? 
What dreams will you catch tonight? 
Just snuggling up to say goodnight! 
What is the Greatest love of all? 
How much space do you give your children and when? 
How can you gain power in this world? 
What is silence to you? 
What happens when you believe? 
What happens when you head to goodness? 
Are you with the energy flow of the universe? 
When will you know you are blessed? 
What beauty do your eyes see? 
What are you being re-directed to? 
What was your life like before the computer? 
How are you today? 
What moment is available to you? 
How cloudy was your day? 
At the end of the day how do you feel? 
How human are you? 
Do often find you have to explain yourself to others? 
Straight from the heart! 
How do you live with kindness? 
What is the most precious gift you have to give? 
How ordinary do you want to be? 
How well do you live your life? 
Are you a single Mom? 
Who loves you today? 
What will you learn from the trees today? 
It's a beautiful day, Wake up! 
What new things are emerging in your life? 
Who supports you in life? 
What is getting older all about? 
How much love is in your doorway tonight? 
What happens when you help someone get what they want? 
Who asks for your company? 
What are you resisting that never goes away? 
What could be the reason for the chaos in the world? 
What different choices should you have made? 
How do you choose to live? 
What is unconditional love? 
Do you have the power to be happy? 
Who can make you to laugh today? 
What do you see first thing in the morning? 
Where will your destination be today? 
4 thoughts for tonight? 
Where is your happy place? 
How much love do you offer the world? 
Are you taking the right steps for you? 
What do you empower? 
What can love do? 
Do you believe in miracles? 
What makes you uncomfortable? 
Who in your life loves you for who you are? 
Do you see what you are looking for? 
What are you going through? 
How much love is in your world today? 
Do you make mistakes and struggle in life? 
How beautiful will your dreams be tonight? 
How often do you get lost? 
How patient are you in this troubled world? 
Who has been there for you? 
What have you been searching for in you? 
Why are you worried about what I am doing? 
How comfortable are you being alone? 
What people are meant to be in your life? 
Who knows you in your little world? 
How often do you bully you? 
25 Quotes from Buddha to begin your day! 
What happens when you don't follow your heart? 
What are you beginning today? 
Who are you tonight? 
How much love is in your heart tonight? 
Heaven is here on earth! 
How far have you come? 
How deeply to you feel things? 
How often do you have to search for solutions? 
How well do you create and sustain your own worthinessÉ 
Do you accept yourself? 
Who is walking beside you everyday? 
How can you slow down today? 
What struggles have made you strong? 
How wise are you? 
What side of the bed did you get up on? 
How empowered are you? 
Who is safe within your heart tonight? 
Are you afraid of starting over? 
What is detachment? 
Who is your family? 
How amazing are you? 
Are your head and heart going in the right direction? 
How brave, strong and smart are you? 
How will you reach your future? 
How Alive Are you? "Staying Alive" 
What is your special occasion today? 
What are some of the things that help us to live? 
What miracles surround you? 
What positive thoughts will you have today? 
In the end what 3 things matter? 
How peaceful will your dreaming be tonight? 
Do you want to sparkle? 
What can you do in the space between no longer and not yet? 
What is worse than being alone? 
The prayer! 
What happens when someone shares music with you? 
What happens for you when you hear your friends name? 
What will you look for in a mate? 
What's broken in your life? 
How can you super-size your courage? 
How many birds have you seen heading north? 
Who needs kindness the most? 
Good Night, Easter Night! 
How many kind words have you spoken today? 
What are wonderful small things in your life? 
Are you still living in the past? 
Where do kind words come from? 
Who do you appreciate today? 
What will you do today to make you feel special? 
What can help you to appreciate others? 
How blessed is your home today? 
What do you need to be persistent with today? 
Happy Easter, what are your blessings today? 
What will you give the ones you love? 
What did you learn today? 
What are your obligations in life to yourself? 
What is your past? 
What is the most urgent question? 
What is your greatest contribution to healing the world? 
What can happen when you have lost a child? 
How will you release the past today? 
Do you look like what you have been through? 
How bright is your spirit shining today? 
Do you love your age? 
How beautiful is your day? 
When you are positive how do you activate the world? 
The moon is shining bright tonight! 
Happy Good Friday! 
Who do you cherish? 
Who holds a special place in your heart? 
When do things go away? 
What eclipse cycle are we in? 
A song for you my friend!  Silence is Golden! 
How often do you need a vacation...... from life? 
How do you find freedom? 
What are your limits? 
How Thankful are you for what you have? 
What happens when you allow others behaviors to affect you? 
A day of family, friends, and getting together! 
How awkward do you feel trying something new? 
Who do you wait for to validate your existence? 
How would you like your life to be different? 
How will you appreciate your family today? 
What in life is happening to you? 
How can hurt soften you? 
What do you enjoy in life? 
What is education? 
How do you do on tests? 
How is your springtime weather? 
What will you dream of tonight? 
Everything will work out for the best! 
Are you headed toward your destiny? 
How weird is your light? 
What happens when the wrong people leave your life? 
How many people in your life can you laugh with? 
Who loves you for who you are? 
Who is responsible for your happiness? 
What do you want to be different? 
What is your intention today? 
May your heart be filled with beauty! 
What is April Fools Day anyhow? 
What can a small change in perspective do? 
How bright is your sparkle tonight? 
What does your higher self say? 
How much do you blame or argue? 
What do you feel when you do from your soul? 
How much love is in the air? 
How strong is your heart? 
What do hummingbirds mean to you? 
How do your children know you love them? 
What is friendship? 
What is the most powerful force in the universe? 
What are you sensing today? 
What will positive thinking do for you tonight? 
May the angels and fairies be with you tonight! 
What makes a decision? 
Where will you find the secret of happiness? 
Where are you looking for happiness? 
What is real love? 
Have you found your treasure (pot of gold)? 
What color is your world 
Are you the artist of your reality? 
Do you shy away from hearing the truth? 
What is wrong with the world? 
Do you own who you are? 
Who are the best kind of people? 
How will you succeed at today? 
What will you say to you tonight before you fall asleep? 
Time to say goodnight again....zzzzzzzz 
How often do open your soul to someone? 
What does our environment need? 
How brave are you? 
How far will you fly? 
What is behind every successful woman? 
What do we need besides a prosperous economy? 
How often are you the light in others lives? 
What is the best relationship in life? 
What will you do today? 
What will your day create for you? 
Some things to think about tonight? 
Are you all settled and ready for a good sleep? 
What are you happy for? 
What is one of your favorite feelings? 
What will renew humanity? 
How willing are you to start all over again? 
What is the most empowering gift you give yourself? 
What kind of peace do you want in life? 
Who is with you as you discover you true being? 
How strong are your feelings from above? 
What do you do to help Mother Earth? 
How well do you treat the earth? 

What keeps you warm inside? 
It's been another busy day...Time to sleep! 
Have you found love? 
What can you eliminate in your life? 
Are you afraid to be you? 
What do the happiest people have? 
What do you need to release today? 
How beautiful and strong are you? 
What do you make a difference with in life? 
How do you find the place to rest within? 
What does your happiness depend on? 
What do you see when you look into the eyes of an animal? 
What do you need to give it time for? 
How many friends are with you in your life? 
What is friendship? 
What is the greatest mistake? 
How was your day today? 
What does healing mean? 
What might be 10 things your Mom never told you? 
How alive are you? 
When you love someone what do you offer? 
How loving and peaceful are you? 
How will you stay happy today? 
What do you see in others? 
What will you do today that takes your breath away? 
How much do you laugh? 
What are you thankful for this morning? 
What are two of the most powerful words? 
What will you dream of tonight? 
What can you do when life becomes difficult? 
What do you do to take care of yourself? 
Who are the strongest people? 
When is a good time to walk away from drama? 
What is the best medicine for humans? 
How young are you? 
What mountains will you move today? 
What kind of a friend would you like to have? 
What will you see, hear, feel and receive today? 
Did you start your day with a grateful heart? 
How much balance is in your life tonight? 
How much love is with you tonight? 
Are you a passenger on Spaceship Earth? 
How real are you? 
What do you do when your not feeling well? 
What new goals or dreams do you have today? 
Good Afternoon and I will be back in a few days! 
Will you ever be good enough some people? 
How will you live in the moment today? 
Do you know how not to be hard on yourself? 
What is the reason you chase your dreams? 
Yes it's Spring, how do you like it so far? 
Is it to late for a new beginning? 
What is your magic? 
What is magic? 
What are some things that money can't buy? 
What is your mantra? 
How well do you treat your children? 
How hard are you on yourself? 
Who do you make happy? 
How thankful are you for your struggles? 
What are you flying to today not away from? 
How ready are you to open up and fly? 
How will your day be? 
What makes your world? 
Who is a special friend in your life? 
How do you find harmony and happiness? 
Where can you find goodness? 
The Four Agreements! 
What is one of the best tools you have to remind you who is important? 
How often do you criticize yourself? 
What do you have in your life? 
What do you appreciate and look forward to? 
How do you get to be old and wise? 
How would this be to use for your motto today? 
What makes all things possible? 
How big are your dreams? 
How was your St. Patrick's day? 
When do your emotions overpower your intelligence? 
What can't you find when your mind is busy talking? 
What will you take time to be thankful for? 
How wise are you? 
How will you change the way you look at things? 
How important is it for you to listen? 
Is technology more important than human interaction? 
What matters to you today? 
Happy St. Patrick's Day! 
Irish Step Dancing to  begin your day! 
How well do you bloom in adversity? 
How tired are you? 
What is the secret of success? 
How trusting are you of your journey? 
Do you say what you mean? 
What do you do with spirituality? 
How busy is your head today? 
What a wonderful world! 
What would make our world more beautiful? 
Who have you been apologizing to? 
How many people with soft hearts do you know? 
Does perseverance help you to get things done? 
Do you deserve your love and affection? 
What do you need to keep an eye on? 
When does your mind work best? 
Who do you need in your life? 
What are you beginning? 
Even Adam and Eve needed to improve communication skills! 
In life are all things bound together? 
Who can stop or delay your growth? 
What is our true home? 
How can you reclaim your place in this world? 
How much integrity do you have? 
What in your life will help you to transform? 
How happy will your Sunday be? 
Do you have the power to make someone happy? 
Who will you be close to tonight? 
How deep is your love? 
What does your reality consist of? 
How easy is it for you to forgive yourself? 
What does music do for you? 
Do we all have the same spark of life? 
What is laughter? 
How can you recognize the love and kindness of a soul? 
What do you close your eyes for? 
Where will you find peace? 
What will you promote today? 
What can dogs give to you? 
What will you do today? 
Who tries to make you someone else? 
What will tomorrow bring? 
What do you hold in your hand? 
What do you want your children to have? 
Who is your best teacher? 
What is your life made up of? 
What can being positive do for you? 
What are the colors of your life? 
Do you appreciate the light in your life? 
When was the last time you told someone you appreciate them? 
How will you celebrate your life today? 
Yes....It's Friday! 
How perfect is life? 
How tired are you tonight? 
How well does your spirituality show in your aura? 
What does being happy mean to you? 
What can the truth do for you? 
How much do you enjoy life? 
I did it my way? 
What do you regret that has happened in your life? 
Are you to small to make a difference? 
What burden's are you carrying? 
How much potential do you have? 
What will you make out of your day today? 
How wonderful was your day? 
When you have had a bad day what can you remember? 
How happy are you on your journey through life? 
How much of your life is spend without living it? 
What is the bridge between you and everything? 
What are 7 things your child needs to hear? 
How many real friends do you have? 
Do you believe what you think? 
How anti-social are you? 
Joy to the World, what does this mean? 
How much joy is in your life today? 
What are you grateful for today? 
What is impossible? 
What's melting in your world today? 
How capable are you? 
When is walking away a good thing? 
What opportunities are there in being single? 
Have you ever pissed off a nurse? 
I love the flower girl! 
Who in your life is in the special place in your heart? 
What can help you to be happy? 
Yes, the sun is shining, it's a beautiful day! 
What is everything you do based on? 
When does your life salute you? 
What do you chose to become? 
How great was your day? 
What doesn't the ego know? 
How tolerant are you of others? 
How will you be taken care of? 
Who always tries to help others? 
Is there another side of grief? 
What is the lowest form of human knowledge? 
How rich are you today? 
Who do you need to move on without in your life? 
What happens when trust is broken? 
How much time will you have to play today? 
What is your message? 
What time will you go to sleep tonight? 
Here's to women! 
Woman 
What will you celebrate today? 
What a wonderful world! 
What are you thankful for? 
What is real love? 
How true is this for you? 
Happy Women's Day! 
How much do you really know? 
How at peace are you at the end of the day? 
Where does happiness come from? 
How grateful are you? 
It's a day for smiling! 
Who can make you feel inferior? 
How tired is everyone in your house tonight? 
Will others do for you as you do for them? 
Do you regret growing older? 
What do you imagine you want? 
What do you do when a child gives you a gift? 
How do you see the world? 
How much do you care? 
How often do you become small so others can grow? 
Who do you admire? 
Who do you regard as your family? 
How well do you live the life you love? 
How much faith do you have in your abilities? 
An elephant never forgets, do you? 
Do you know who you are? 
How can you find happiness? 
How often do you say "I love you"? 
How soft hearted are you? 
What do you want to change? 
How do you embrace getting older? 
Do you need a hug today? 
How Happy are you this moment? 
How many good friends do you have in your life? 
Who loves and supports you? 
How calm are you tonight? 
How did you do with the full moon energy today? 
What is your plan? 
Who do you love to be around? 
How human are you? 
How wise are you? 
What might your greatest accomplishment be today? 
Have you discovered your essential nature? 
How can you tell who the strong women are? 
What is common sense? 
What is the greatest challenge in life? 
What new challenges will you encounter today? 
How happy will this full moon be for you? 
How peaceful will your night be? 
How will your story end? 
Are you the most positive expression of yourself? 
When you judge others who does it define? 
What will you remind yourself of today? 
How do you love? 
What should you plant today? 
How do successful people treat each other? 
When are you afraid to raise your voice? 
Dance to the music! 
Slooooooowing dooownnnnnnnn now! How about you? 
What tells you what to do? 
How well do you sleep with the wind blowing? 
What can you do when you lose sight of your path? 
What is healing? 
Who are you helping? 
What does courage do for you? 
How is your life art? 
Do love stories always have endings? 
What risks will you take today?  Music the Ven Tribe! 
How unique are you? 
What does your vibe attract? 
What are you not wanting to do today? 
What did you get done today? 
What is the secret to change? 
What could you see if you saw through a child's eyes? 
How does being critical of others affect you? 
How will you bring more into your life? 
What is love the essence of? 
How many people understand your life journey? 
How much better is the world because you are in it? 
How bright does your light shine? 
How often do you look for a pretty face? 
How awake are you? 
How will you move through your day today? 
How do you make a difference in someones world? 
How busy was your day? 
What is the greatest life lesson you have learned? 
How does what other people think of you affect you? 
What month is it? 
What are you doing on this ride called life? 
What would help you to live your greatest life? 
How do you receive lessons or blessings in your life? 
How often do you resist change? 
Do things in your life happen as they need to? 
What would be the reasons to choose happiness? 
How well do you manage change in your life? 
What will help you to have more confidence? 
Night, Night, what else is there to say? 
How can get over a loved one dying? 
How real are you? 
How do you celebrate your being? 
Who would be good people to have in your life? 
How much do you love you? 
What are you proud of? 
What can I do to not destroy our planet? 
What will you do with your night out? 
Who loves you? 
Who are your favorite people? 
What are you creating? 
Did you remember to go with the flow? 
How do you enjoy the rewards of life? 
How often do you wish someone would say this to you? 
What is the miracle? 
Who do you admire? 
What is a good answer for the problems in human existence? 
What is your true nature? 
How much choice is there in your life? 
What do you know about your unconscious mind? 
Who is your real fight with? 
A morning of moving slow with the flow! 
Who will make you spiritual? 

How well do you hear your inner guidance at night? 
What does your body hear from your mind? 
Where can silence take you? 
When does grief end? 
How well do you remember? 
How is your attitude today? 
How much integrity do you have? 
How strong is your relationship? 
What life changes are you making? 
What will you take with you today as you begin your day? 
Are you ready to sleep tonight? 
How wonderful will your sleep be tonight? 
It's all about our Planet Earth! 
When do you leave imprints to uplift thinking? 
What does being a spiritual person require? 
How strong are you? 
How will you make peace with the world? 
What are your boundaries? 
What could happen when you refuse to nap? 
What are two days in a year that nothing can be done? 
Who is it that is there to protect you? 
What is success to you? 
How do you treat people with respect and dignity? 
When you talk defeat what happens? 
How busy is your day today? 
How open are you to questions? 
What a busy day it has been! 
How much drama is in your life? 
Whose hands are within your reach? 
What are you changing today? 
How aware are you of yourself? 
How indestructible are you? 
What is the rule of nature? 
Do you care about what other people think? 
Before you speak what should you do? 
What does your life consist of? 
How much peace is in your heart? 
What are 10 things you can do for self care today? 
How often do you say NO.....and is it OK to say NO? 
How much happiness will you create today? 
What answers don't you have? 
How tired are you tonight? 
How rich are you? 
How strange is life to you? 
Can you resist becoming negative? 
What would you like to change about you? 
What is your spiritual journey? 
How rich are you? 
Who are you thankful for in your life today? 
What can you see in the present moment? 
What do you give yourself credit for? 
How curious are you? 
Have you ended up where you need to be? 
What do you think about when you arise in the morning? 
How much goodness will you share today? 
How capable are you? 
Nothing to say it was a great day! 
What is the first step to purifying the mind? 
Who has made a beautiful impact on your life? 
What is your perception of me? 
What does the capacity to be alone give you? 
Are you returning to a spiritual way of life? 
How often do you get your alone time? 
Do you worry about what people say about you? 
How tolerant are you of others? 
How can you deal with the past? 
What kind of person do you aspire to be? 
How much good is there in your world? 
How will you make others happy today? 
What problems can you solve today? 
How do you talk to yourself? 
How cold is your day? 
What will you see in the moment when you are attentive? 
What happens to you by chance? 
How precious is your life? 
When have you watched a river flow? 
How often do you help your friends? 
What happens when you awaken your power? 
Where is beauty? 
What do you worry about and analyze? 
What is your Ego telling you? 
How perfect does it need to be to make you happy? 
What do you need to learn today? 
How do you feel today? 
What work will you do today? 
How do things work out best? 
Time to cuddle up and get some sleep! 
Who is a real friend? 
How often do happiness and pain walk side by side? 
What broke you? 
How do you know it's been a long winter? 
What can you do with destiny? 
What are your reflexology points? 
How do you judge people? 
How balanced are you? 
What do you own? 
How easy is it for you to just be yourself? 
What will you smile about today? 
Who said you can't and then you did? 
Turn off the power, it's time to sleep! 
How do you love your friends? 
Where will beauty lead you? 
Do people love you because of how you behave? 
How does being feel? 
How many great memories do you have? 
How blind is your mind? 
How does your mood affect your words? 
How will you get success in your life? 
What do you need to embrace? 
How perfect do you need your life to be? 
Where is your comfort zone? 
What will you choose today? 
What a wonderful sunrise! 
What is your value? 
How great was your day? 
What defines you? 
Do you trust your gut feelings? 
What holds you back from moving in a new direction? 
An Apache Blessing for today! 
Are you waiting for your ship to come in? 
What makes you lonely? 
What is One Spirit Medicine? 
How can you change the world? 
Are you struggling today? 
What is the rarest thing in the world? 
How often do you get caught up in life's competitions? 
What is coming to you by being you? 
What are you reaching for? 
What doors will be open for you now? 
What has been empowering for you today? 
How often do you worry about what others think of you? 
Who is responsible for you? 
Do you remember who you really are? 
How can you help others heal? 
What do you need to be free of? 
Who has a positive impact on your  life? 
What smells good to you this morning? 
How do you know your getting wiser? 
What's impossible for you? 
What can you walk away from today? 
What can you eliminate from your life today? 
Where will you find yourself today? 
How much time do you have to play today? 
How perfectly imperfect are you? 
How many angels are with you tonight? 
What happens when your soul is touched? 
When your light goes out how can it be rekindled? 
Are you experiencing the magnificence of aliveness? 
Are you afraid to start over? 
What is jealousy? 
What stops you from reaching what is in front of you? 
Dance to the music 
When all else fails what can you do? 
What changes as you get older? 
What happens when you seek love with all of your heart? 
How do you know an educated mind? 
What does being happy mean to you? 
How great will this new day be for you? 
What does self-love require? 
What do you need to clear tonight? 
What can life give to you? 
What can you do to create a wonderful life? 
What is homeopathy? 
How much chaos is in your life right now? 
What do you see when you look back on your life? 
What conditions do you place on love? 
What do you want me to be? 
How peaceful and calm are you? 
What are 7 things that money can't buy? 
How often have you felt punished for speaking the truth? 
Where does wisdom come from? 
Who are your truest friends? 
How great will your day be today? 
Does your love keep flowing? 
Another Valentines Day is finished and the love goes on! 
How much do you love your life? 
How much do you deserve to be loved? 
What is behind every successful woman? 
What will radiate from you to every part of life? 
What is the most priceless gift in the world? 
What happens when you don't follow your heart? 
Are you the Valentine of Creation? 
How beautiful are you? 
A Valentines Day country song! 
What has country music taught you? 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Is the gift of your ancestors within you? 
What is common sense? 
What will you wake up to on Valentine's Day morning? 
Does love make the world go round? 
Are you where you need to be? 
How do you handle your journey? 
Who do you respect? 
How high can you bounce? 
What is a warrior? 
What becomes your child's inner voice? 
What's going on? 
What happens when you are not willing to change? 
How do you know whose lesson it is? 
How do you feel about getting older? 
What is spirituality like to you? 
How will you know if a person wants to be a part of your life? 
What will you create on Friday the 13th? 
What will you ask your Angels tonight? 
What did you do well today? 
What are 7 Wonders in this World? 
Do you have to hit rock bottom to appreciate the good? 
When you leave this world what will you take with you? 
How often do you get stuck in your past? 
What do mentally strong people do? 
How do you make yourself happy? 
What can you do to help a child learn? 
Where does your spirit take you in life? 
What can decrease your value? 
What do you focus on? 
How do atoms react to how we feel? 
What challenges will you have today? 
How can you keep your soul happy today? 
What can positive thinking do? 
Frustrations are over for another day! 
The 5W's of Life! 
What people will love you? 
What is teaching? 
What has life given us to see? 
How much do you overthink? 
What can addictions come from? 
What do you attract in life? 
What can you do to take care of you? 
How compassionate are you? 
What do you want to do? 
How often do you say thank you and grow? 
How often do you see the best? 
How much patience do you have as you wait for Spring to arrive? 
What are your limits? 
Who did you help out today? 
How human are you? 
How big is your house? 
When does inner peace begin? 
How can you stop your distractions? 
How perfect is your health? 
Is there anyone in your life that makes you suffer? 
What are the heavy things you carry through life? 
What happens with what you imagine? 
Are you doing the cha-cha through life? 
What will make your soul shine today? 
What is happiness to you? 
How optimistic are you? 
A nice day for a warm cup of tea! 
What possibilities do you see in your life? 
What ripples did you encounter today? 
What happens when you see a heart instead of a face? 
How at ease are you with not knowing? 
How hard is life? 
What can you do to awaken humanity? 
What is education? 
How strong are you? 
How honest are you with yourself? 
What do you see, a wish or a weed? 
What is the #1 addiction of the human race? 
How have you expanded your skills? 
What limits do you have? 
How can you make a difference in someone's life? 
How will  the sky be the limit for you today? 
How do you define success? 
It's bedtime! 
Does love hurt? 
What stressful situations are you in? 
What does awareness do for you? 
What will change your inner state of being? 
What can you do as you wait for your life to unfold? 
What can cuddling do for you? 
Nature's relaxing music! 
What song do you hear? 
How will you nurture your soul today? 
Who are your soul sisters? 
What might happen when you have your life mapped out? 
Who has the right to judge you? 
How many steps are you taking at once? 
Do you want the world to know love? 
How purrfect was your day? 
Do you know where you are going to...Mahogany! 
Do you know where you are going to? 
How do you imagine your happiness? 
Who is superior to you? 
What can help you look after your depression? 
How old are you? 
How calm are you? 
What is the reason for having the same problem over again? 
How have you found love? 
What is the best way to love someone? 
How grateful are you? 
What do you think of as you wake up? 
What will you do for you today? 
How will your life get better? 
How warm, safe and happy are you tonight? 
Let it be! 
How unreal does your world seem to you? 
How do you keep growing? 
How many people do you regret having met? 
How many of these things can you say about you? 
How much peace, joy and serenity is in your life? 
How attractive are you? 
How normal are you? 
How do you keep your balance? 
Would this make you happy today? 
What does success mean? 
What is it that you see? 
The wind is blowing and the sun is starting to come up! 
What is your message? 
What a great day it has been! 
What have you learned from a tree? 
What does it mean when fear stops showing up for you? 
What is racism? 
What things can be cleared by leaving them alone? 
How did you hear about the YMCA? 
Have you been to the YMCA 
Who do you want to give thanks to today? 
Do you have love in your heart? 
Put a little love in your heart! 
How often do you stop being you for someone else? 
What is the primary focus of your life? 
How beautiful is the light within you? 
How organized are you? 
How happy have you decided to be? 
What warm and wonderful things will you dream of? 
What does the greatest teacher have to say? 
What happens when snowflakes stick together? 
How good are you feeling? 
When was the last time you talked to a 5 year old? 
How often do you doubt yourself? 
What miracle will this day bring to you? 

Do you pay attention to your gut feelings? 
Who stays in your life for the ride? 
What do your friends help you to find? 
My religion is Love, what's yours? 
How often do you stop doing and just Breathe? 
How will this Wednesday be for you today? 
Who do you surround yourself with? 
How bright is the full moon where you are tonight? 
How happy is your face? 
Are you having fun? 
Are you a leader? 
Is what you are feeling ready to give up on important? 
Is the grass always greener on the other side? 
How is the full moon affecting you today? 
What do you allow yourself to walk away from? 
Do you allow loneliness to drive you? 
When was the last time you wished upon a star? 
Do you have the courage to pursue your dreams? 
What are you allowing in your life today? 
What is beautiful about learning? 
How often do you live in the present moment? 
What are the two best cures for anything? 
How many Angels are with you tonight? 
Who is the love in your life? 
Who is the key in your life? 
What do you need to abandon your views on? 
What do you want in your life? 
How well do you handle stress, are you a diamond? 
How many more weeks of winter?????????!!!! 
What are the best things in your life? 
What is your religion? 
What is mindfulness to you? 
What is happiness? 
How often do you reject the present? 
Who will you help today? 
How wonderful will your day be? 
How well are you keeping your eyes open? 
What is every positive thought? 
What happens when you are over 50? 
What do you expect when you help others? 
The Beauty of Nature 
What happens when you listen to nature's music? 
What is it that makes you feel love? 
What will this new month be filled with for you? 
What is kindness? 
What is natural healing all about? 
Do you have a good companion to walk with? 
What is friendship about? 
What is special about today? 
What do you love about you? 
How can you touch the sky? 
Another one of those stay in bed days! 
What will tomorrow bring? 
What dreams will you plant tonight? 
Song for today! 
What can bother you more than your own mind? 
What do you speak of /feel and do you have it? 
What makes you unique? 
How often do you look down on others? 
What have you taught your children? 
How much energy do you have to keep going? 
Are you your sky! 
Have you stood on your ground for what you believe? 
When have you ever broken someones trust? 
When you feel broken and receive  a hug, what happens? 
How many hugs will you give out today? 
How cold are you today? 
What guidelines do you follow in your life? 

How often do you stay in situations/places  you don't like? 
How necessary is suffering? 
What part of our children's education is vital? 
How do you respond to others? 
What is expectation? 
Who is it up to to steer you in the right direction for you? 
Where can peace be found?  A Cherokee Prayer for today! 
What arouses feelings of wonder for you? 
What will guide you and lead you through life? 
What does gratitude give you? 
What will come with your new day? 
Do you believe in miracles? 
How wide awake are you today? 
A Cherokee Prayer for peace! 
How wonderful was your day? 
Where do you end up when you follow the crowd? 
What kind of tired are you? 
How obvious are your wounds to others? 
What is the present moment filled with? 
What is coming down your road? 
When will you find the answers you need? 
What is one of the most sincere forms of respect? 
How busy are you making a living? 
What are you creating for our environment? 
What can you do to get out of a bad mood? 
How crazy do you seem to others? 
Where did my clutch go to? 
What will you do for fun today? 
I think it's time to go to bed! 
Who is there to reach out to? 
What are the two types of pain in the world? 
What happens when you share? 
What can turn your life around? 
What stops you from moving into self discovery? 
What are you thankful for? 
What can you do if someone treats you badly? 
How can you begin to heal an illness 
Do you accept and love yourself? 
Does your compassion include you? 
Some things that you shouldn't do? 
What can you do more of? 
What does detachment mean to you? 
What are you worried about today? 
Do you have kindness for all? 
What will your dream catcher catch tonight? 
One Love 
What does kindness do? 
What are the two kinds of people in the world? 
What do you own? 
What is getting old? 
What will help you to change your thoughts around? 
How easy is life? 
How often do you tell your children you love them? 
How do you choose your friends? 
What is a holy relationship? 
Are you happy travelling? 
What good do you bring into your life? 
What are you wishing for today? 
Are you still reaching for your dreams? 
Are your fairies and angels with you tonight? 
To everything there is a Season....what can you change? 
When was the last time you decided to change? 
How adequate is grounding ethics in religion? 
What is self talk? 
What can nature teach you? 
What happens when you quiet your mind? 
How sorry are you? 
When is sorry not enough? 
How can you get to heart centered consciousness? 
What things shouldn't you do today? 
Where does trust come from? 
Are you struggling today? 
What simple thoughts will you have to move forward today? 
A Native American Proverb for tonight! 
Time to lay down and read myself to sleep! 
Who is the love of your life? 
How independent are you of the opinions of others? 
Who is a friend? 
When you treat animals as friends what do they become? 
Are you a reflection of what you want to see in others? 
You'll never walk alone! 
How do you end up going in the wrong direction? 
Who do you need to be good to? 
What do you really need in life? 
When is the best day of your life? 
What is reality? 
Some advice for your life! 
What will you do for you today? 
What will you be positive about tonight? 
What a wonderful end to a perfect day? 
When do you find your true inner power? 
What is laughter? 
How much courage do you have? 
How well do you take care of youÉ 
How reliant are you on other peoples happiness? 
What do you resist? 
What is the most attractive thing about you? 
How connected are you to nature? 
How often do you meet people with a smile? 
Are you ready to open the door to your future? 
Are we all the same? 
What is worth doing today? 
Are you living your life to the fullest? 
4 Positive Thoughts on Life for Tonight! 
May the angels be with you 
When you walk into a room what do you say? 
What is good for your health? 
When does it seem that life is just happening to you? 
How long will you live? 
What is one of the great arts of life? 
Who can teach you the law of love? 
What 3 things can a child teach you? 
How do you use the power of your word? 
Who will you help to heal? 
How beautiful is your morning? 
What will you do today? 
How ridiculously wonderful will your day be? 
It's a beautiful morning! 
How well will things work out for you? 
At the end of a long day what will you say? 
Is life eternal? 
What will you do to make your day worth remembering? 
What is your religion? 
How valuable are you? 
What is leadership? 
How courageous are you? 
Who says you can't be what you want to be? 
How great is the strength within you? 
What is one of the best feelings in the world? 
How well do you trust your gut instincts? 
What opportunities lie ahead for you today? 
Do you try to overhaul your life overnight? 
What will you dream of tonight? 
Are you going with the flow in the moment? 
How hard is it for you to smile? 
What can make your whole body? 
What do material things mean to you? 
What is more important to love or be loved? 
What do you give yourself permission to walk away from? 
How long do true friends stay in your life? 
How do you want to spend your life? 
What do you hope your friends will do? 
Climb every mountain! 
What mountain are you climbing? 
How much patience do you have today? 
How much do you enjoy life? 
Where is your smile today? 
Who's Awesome? 
Good night the stars are shining bright tonight! 
New World in the morning... 
Do you always see things as they are? 
What can we learn from being hurt? 
Are you in touch with the silence within you? 
What is true meditation? 
How Often do you stop and think before you speak? 
What is the #1 Skill in life? 
Are you who you were created to be? 
How normal do you try to be? 
How much balance do you have in your life? 
Where does the real joy in life come from? 
When do you experience contentment? 
What are you sensing today? 
How strong are you? 
What can you do differently tomorrow? 
How far do you wish to travel? 
How do you know that friends are really friends? 
What can you do to forget what season it is? 
What might be a reason that people awaken? 
What do you do with Toxic People in your life? 
It's only words! 
Do you take responsibility for your words? 
What do we need to respect? 
What is an empowering gift to give to yourself? 
How often do you see the souls of others? 
When you identify with another person what happens? 
What do you accidentally plant in life? 
How awesome are you? 
Where does true change exist? 
How great was your day? 
When will you find what you're looking for? 
When you change "I" to "We" what can happen? 
How well does this describe you? 
When does peace begin? 
What is the only thing that is constant? 
Who do you surround yourself with? 
How wonderful do you think people are? 
Do your beliefs create your physical reality? 
What inspires you to reach new heights of accomplishment? 
What direction are you going in? 
A 2015 Prayer for you! 
Have you found the morning within you? 
Is today a day of rest and relaxation for you? 
What will small change will you make tonight? 
Time to go to bed! 
That's what friends are for! 
How does the light come to you? 
Are you the universe? 
How much do you complain about life? 
Who is in your life that matters? 
What can Yoga do for you? 
How can you win in life? 
What is friendship? 
How well do you think you live? 
What you need to remember if you are having a bad day! 
How can good things become possible? 
What could make you happier today? 
Get up, get at it and have fun! 
What can you do to make yourself happy? 
What will you dream tonight? 
What are you grateful for? 
Do you allow the energy to move you? 
What are the 5W's of Life? 
How can you make the impossible, possible? 
What are you here for? 
How dazzling is your light? 
How beautiful and valuable are you? 
Do you think about things and look at alternatives? 
What are some of the reasons that you need a best friend? 
How do you connect what you feel, think and understand? 
What can this help you with? 
What is your nature? 
How will you create a worry free day? 
How content are you with what you have done? 
Have you slowed down enough to fall asleep? 
What plants help with healing? 
Are you tired of winter? 
When do you let your soul expand? 
How much do you help the vulnerable? 
Is the sky the limit? 
Do you ever stop hoping for things to change? 
Will you find peace, love and awesomeness today? 
Do you feel like dancing? 
What could be a short cut to happiness? 
How do you meditate? 
Are you a woman and how strong are you? 
What is love? 
What will you immerse yourself in today? 
What do knowledge and wisdom mean to you? 
What will you sort tonight as you sleep and dream? 
Can you talk to the animals? 
Are you worthy of love? 
What can we learn from our animal friends? 
How often do you feel like giving up? 
What are the only investments that never fail? 
How easy is it for you to be happy alone? 
Some word meanings to look at differently! 
According to Society Standards how different are you? 
The Prayer 
What song are you playing? 
Are you ready to return to balance and harmony? 
How brightly will you shine today? 
What will be in your imagination today? 
Are you looking for love? 
Good Night 
Follow your heart! 
What is the cost of not following your heart? 
What is sucking the life out of you? 
Do you love your enemy? 
How often do you try to impress others? 
What are some of the magical things in your life? 
Is it time for you to awaken to all you are? 
May Spirit be with you! 
How well would this work human to human? 
How do you avoid the pitfalls in your life? 
Don't worry, be happy! 
What does worry do? 
How much do you worry about the past and future? 
What mistakes are you afraid of making? 
How content are you tonight? 
Would you talk peace through Ego or Spirit! 
Will you act from love today? 
How easy is it to teach someone else? 
All you need is love! 
What problems has hate created for you? 
What does nature teach you? 
Are you a critic? 
Who makes your life more beautiful? 
How often are you being yourself? 
How well do you walk with those who are broken? 
What have you learned from your mistakes? 
What spiritual superstorms have you lived through? 
What will you accomplish today? 
What are some things to not do and what to do? 
When you wish upon a star what will you wish for? 
What does peace mean to you? 
Have you seen the best of your days? 
Do you leave a trail of kindness behind you? 
What's the reason people are the way they are? 
What have you gained from meditation? 
What would you like to give up? 
How easy is it for you to give up? 
What is the heaviest thing to carry? 
Are you soft-hearted and how do you stay that way? 
Who are you? 
Is love the same to all species? 
What is best for you today? 
Do you want to be resentful and afraid or kinder? 
Yes, it truly is morning! 
How is your self esteem tonight? 
By being yourself, what do you put into the world? 
I did it my way! 
What do you see in the world? 
Would you like to be more solid and grounded like a mountain? 
What a wonderful way to improve your day! 
Do you every get over someone you love dying? 
How long will you live? 
Have you found summer in you yet this winter? 
Where can you find peace? 
What will you learn today? 
Do you expect yourself to be perfect? 
What will silence do for you? 
What happens when your mind is weak? 
Are you in charge of you? 
Do you listen to your heart? 
What is your greatest weapon against stress? 
How well connected are you to you? 
Who will stay in your life? 
Can fear stop you from making it happen? 
Do you need to apologize for being sensitive? 
Whose Planet is it? 
Have you found love? 
What do you accept, let go of and have faith in? 
How courageous are you? 
How often do you get pulled into others storms? 
What might you need to learn? 
Are your pets inside today? 
How balanced are you? 
How will you find the balance you need today? 
When does confidence come to you? 
I am exhausted and ready to sleep tonight! 
Are you a student of life? 
What is the original weight you want to get down to? 
Can boundaries or barriers stop you from being you? 
Do you need someone else to make you complete? 
Does the Earth hear music? 
What will happen when you slow down? 
How hardened are you? 
Who takes the time to listen to you? 
How easy is it for you to find Inner Peace? 
Thank you for being a friend 
What does gratitude do for you? 
What communities are you a part of? 
What are dreams? 
What are your friends for you? 
Did your day go the way you thought it would? 
What is the purest sound? 
What is your intention? 
Have you discovered your own path? 
Where is the treasure you are seeking? 
How will you make a difference? 
Do your thoughts elevate you to higher consciousness? 
Who do you need to thank? 
Do you Write The Songs? 
What is music? 

What does the universe have covered for you? 
How long does it take to hurt someone? 
What 3 things can you not recover in life? 
How meaningful was your day? 
How much light is in your life tonight? 
How are we all the same? 
Do your friends make your world? 
You've got a friend 
What is the true profession of man? 
What do you collect, memories or souvenirs? 
What do you choose? 
What happens when you take everything personally? 
How well do you treat yourself? 
What does stress do for weight loss? 
What will you remember in the end? 
What can explain the mysteries of love? 
What happens when you see this in this cold weather? 
How safe and warm and you today? 
How well did you play today? 
Did you watch the hockey game tonight? 
What might you do for self care? 
How young and happy do you feel today? 
Where is heaven and where is hell? 
What happens if you drop your victim mentality? 
Do you have the power to make someone happy? 
What would your life be like without your pets? 
How perfect is a happy life? 
How can you illuminate the world? 
How often do you give in to self doubt? 
What makes a great relationship? 
Here comes the sun! 
How bright is your light shining today? 
How much good will be in your day today? 
Do you need to struggle? 
The first full moon of 2015, Wow what a night! 
Does love hurt and what wisdom have you gained? 
Have you turned your wounds into wisdom yet? 
What direction you are going to go? 
How often do you judge and condemn others? 
What differences will you make in the world? 
What is gratitude? 
Do you regret growing older? 
What can happen if you stop your tears? 
How easy is it for you to let others learn their own lessons? 
What do you cherish in your life? 
How can you turn your life around? 
How can you always be right? 
What will you enjoy today? 
Who holds the key to your success? 
What magical dreams will you have tonight? 
What is the best designer? 
Where will you find peace? 
Who are you searching for? 
Who did you come here to be? 
Are you a beggar for love? 
What is the biggest piece of intelligence? 
What do you need to watch for? 
Where does your reality come from? 
What are the two most powerful words? 
What can an affectionate disposition do for you? 
Life is short, what will you do to make it better? 
Baby it's cold outside! 
How cold is your day today? 
What is the secret to a long lasting relationship? 
Who do you value and grow with in your life? 
How true are you to yourself? 
Are you sure when you follow the masses? 
How much responsibility do you take for your life to improve? 
Who do you need in your life? 
A love song 
What is the greatest influence you can have? 
Have you hugged a tree today? 
What are you going after in life? 
How quiet are you? 
How will you create the life you want? 
What is the most important moment? 
How open minded and willing to change are you? 
How much will you smile today? 
A new moment, have you been here before? 
What dreams will your dreamcatcher catch tonight? 
Into the mystic. 
What will you manifest this year? 
How awake are you? 
What have you always wanted to do? 
Are you a seeker? 
How much do you love yourself? 
What do hard lessons do to you? 
Are you ready for 2015's  Life Lessons and Self Growth? 
Celtic flute music for a new year! 
What sound are you playing? 
How much gatekeeping will you do in 2015? 
Is this your year? 
Happy New Year here and now! 
What opportunities will you put into your book today? 
Happy New Year! 
What New Opportunities will 2015 bring? 
May 2015 be all your heart desires! 
How selfish are you? 
How are you approaching 2015? 
How beautiful were your moments this year? 
How much Algebra did you use in 2014? 
How many Soul Tribe Members did you meet in 2014? 
What is one miracle you tend to not see? 
Who are the messengers for you? 
What do you own? 
What new adventures await you on your journey! 
What are you grateful for in 2014? 
What is the creator? 
How sweet will your dreams be? 
Some things to do in the New Year! 
How crazy do others think you are? 
Where does integrity come from? 
What wrong places have been right for you? 
How willing are you to change? 
What do you need to put into perspective? 
Do you have the power to make someone happy? 
Have you been damaged and hurt to learn lessons? 
What is the currency of the universe? 
What will you do for you today? 
A Chinese proverb for tonight! 
Breathe in, Breathe out! 
How consciously aware are you? 
How can you allow your heart to expand? 
What new thing might enter your life? 
Down by the Riverside! 
What does music do for you? 
Can success change your inner state of being? 
What can you stop doing? 
What doesn't matter to you anymore? 
What will you give up in the New Year? 
How warm will you be today? 
Do you hear the music and will you dance to it? 
How well does this describe your night! 
Don't worry, be happy! 
Are you feeding your soul or your ego? 
What is beauty to you? 
What will be your New Year's Resolutions? 
What does your sixth sense give to you? 
When does a society grow great? 
How much of your self worth depends on others? 
Do you have to be vulnerable to be brave? 
Are you looking forward to the New Year? 
How cold is it outside where you are? 
Are you ready for summer? 
When will you begin to put away the holidays? 
What decisions do you need to make? 
How much warmth did you find inside of you today? 
Somewhere over the rainbow. 
What will help you find freedom? 
Are you in your heart? 
Do people come to you and leave happier? 
Do you know what you have to do? 
What beautiful people have touched you? 
What lives can you touch? 
How open is your mind? 
How happy is this moment for you? 
When do you reach for your higher self? 
How can you change your thinking? 
How perfect will your day be? 
How positive is your vision? 
How are you feeling tonight? 
Who fills up your senses? 
What can you do to live your life well? 
What are two important signs of strength? 
What will your new thinking be in 2015? 
What will you start in 2015? 
What have you learned/ changed in the last year? 
How often do you try to be something your not? 
How will you stretch your mind today? 
What will you open your heart to? 
Who are you missing today? 
How do you feel today? 
What will you do today? 
Do you believe in yourself? 
Well Christmas is over for another year! 
The Gladness of Christmas... Hope, Peace and love! 
Love and Light to you today! 
Will you have Hope, Peace and Love in your life today? 
Here's a giggle for today! 
How much love do you have for those who gave to you? 
A Christmas prayer for you! 
What do you choose in life? 
What song are you singing today? 
What to do when you arise in the morning? 
How much love is radiating from you today? 
What is of value to you this Christmas morning? 
What Christmas gift should I give? 
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! 
What do you believe in? 
Who are the best people who have come into your life? 
When does inner peace begin? 
Who is in your universe? 
What have you learned from life and your mistakes? 
Do you believe in Father Christmas? 
How dedicated are you to others opinions? 
What books do you need to close this year? 
What are your impossible dreams? 
Are the mice stirring in your house today? 
Rocking Around the Christmas Tree 
What are your deepest desires? 
How good have you been this year? 
What is at the soul of your soul? 
When you have peace within what have you found? 
For those who are struggling during this holiday season? 
Can you lead a person to knowledge? 
How does grief affect you? 
How can you love life without a lovelife? 
What does Christmas mean to you? 
What change in direction will you make? 
How open will you heart be? 
How many angels will appear in your life? 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Little Saint Nick 
What do you do with what you learn? 
What is special for you tonight? 
Are you ready for the reemergence of  light? 
How in love with life are you? 
Are we all connected? 
What is beautiful? 
What dream are you dreaming? 
What is the universe saying to you? 
What does the universe have in mind for you? 
What good things are you grateful for? 
Thank you for being a part of my life? 
How much compassion do you have? 
Have you ever stopped and wondered how dogs think? 
What is the greatest challenge in life? 
Happy Solstice and goodnight! 
Are you the master of your mind? 
What do you want in your new cycle? 
What do you look for in a mate? 
How will you rise above struggle? 
What is courage? 
A Mid-winter blessing! 
How conscious are you? 
What does your soul have to tell you? 
What is an important tragedy of life? 
What are you grateful for today? 
When will you change your life? 
What routines did you change? 
Are any two people alike? 
How do you fix your problems? 
What is the secret to a good life? 
What is right in the world? 
What can you do to enjoy life? 
What are we a result of? 
Where does forgiveness happen? 
What will you plant today? 
What will life do to you today? 
What happens when you break your routine? 
Where is the source of love? 
How meaningful was your day? 
How much do you believe in you? 
What can music be to you? 
It's Winter Solstice Weekend!  Enjoy! 
Does our planet need more successful people? 
What does singing do for you? 
How awakened are you? 
What messages do you give to your body? 
How big is your heart? 
How normal are you? 
What will your senses tell you today? 
What positive thoughts do you have tonight? 
How much support do you have in your life? 
Are you a caregiver? 
How many faces do you have? 
Where does stress begin? 
What do you need to do to make a difference in someone's life? 
Do you believe in miracles? 
What is your religion? 
HOW POSITIVE WILL YOUR NEW YEAR BE? 
How humble are you? 
Are you an old soul? 
Who care about you, supports you and loves you? 
What a day, time to say Good Night and Sleep Tight! 
What do you need to let go of to be you? 
How brave are you? 
How would you begin to build a life from within? 
What is silence? 
Computer problems today! 
How do you honor your emotions and sensitivity? 
We are all one! 
What do you need to do to heal? 
How unique are you? 
What are you creating from your thoughts? 
What is the most precious gift you can offer? 
What can you do if  you lose faith in others? 
I want to wish you a Merry Christmas! 
Where will you leave your footprints? 
What memories do you hold onto? 
Do you treat your life as a gift? 
How much love and caring will show to others? 
What do you HOPE for? 
Are your angels with you tonight? 
What are the 5 rules of happiness? 
