Happy to have Dr. Keith Ballard @TulsaSchools guest posting on our blog today! 
Register now for our Annual Meeting on June 2nd! The event will feature speaker @ShelleyCadamy of @WorkforceTulsa :

The League is busy! We hope you will be able to join us at one of our upcoming events: 
On the blog today - "Getting to Know" featuring @annaamerica 
Happy #EarthDay ! To celebrate, we asked @sophiabkv , @oksierraclub Chair, to write a guest blog for the occasion. 
@GovMaryFallin has signed SB 313 into law! Thanks to your support for the bill, online voter registration in OK is becoming a reality!
It's a new week &amp; we are back with a "Meet the Member Monday" post. We hope you enjoy getting to know Bill Hinkle: 
Thanks to @KTULNews for the coverage of our voter registration drive happening this week: 
Check out our #WomensHistoryMonth guest blog written by former #tulsa mayor &amp; OK Secretary of State, M. Susan Savage: 
We think putting a woman on the $20 bill is a great idea! Check out this awesome organization - 
Today's "Meet the Member Monday" post features our fearless leader (aka Board President) - Kathleen Kastelic! 
This is certainly interesting! 
Our 2015 Directory of Government Officials is now available online! 
We think this is great news! 
Interesting read for your Thursday: 
St. Senate District 11 voters- we will host a candidate forum on Mar 28 for the candidates running to represent YOU! 
What do you think of these proposed changes in Oklahoma elections? 
Happy Women's History Month! Here is a fun quiz to test your knowledge of women's history in America: 
#tulsa voters - Tulsa voters - don't forget to get out to the polls today! Here is all the info you need: 
Today, all @TulsaSchools students will go home with this sticker - a friendly reminder from the League to vote tom!! 
It's Monday, cold/snowy out, so you might as well stay in and meet the our outstanding member - Mary Jane Lindaman!

We have volunteers registering the next generation to vote at Edison High School today! 
Who would you like to see featured on our recently-launched blog series - "Getting to Know"? Suggestions of elected officials welcome!
What you need to know about the March 3 Tulsa Public Schools bond vote is right here. 
This Sat. is not only V-Day- it's also our 95th Birthday! Celebrate by asking someone you know to register to vote: 
Broken Arrow, Union and Jenks residents - don't forget to get out and VOTE today! 
This month, League Units will discuss "Transportation in Tulsa" - now is a great time to join a Unit Mtg! More info: 
The newest issue of the "Tulsa Voter" was released this morning. View it here: 
PS- Thanks to @percefull and Mark Griffin for filling out the questionnaire!
Did you know there were no contested school board races in #tulsa this year? Meet the individuals who did file here: 
It's Monday - so that means another "Meet the Member" post is now live! 
Sen. #DavidHolt, recently introduced a package of election reforms to boost voter turnout. Interesting ideas here! 
Happy #MartinLutherKingDay 
Want to get to know Tulsa County’s new DA? We recently sat down with Steve Kunzweiler to learn more about him: 
Happy Birthday to League founder, Carrie Chapman Catt. Born #onthisday in 1859. 
We have lots of great events planned to kick off the new year - join us! 
We recently published a blog examining the Millennial vote in Oklahoma. We want to hear what you think! 
Happy Monday! Today we have another awesome member to introduce you to via our "Meet the Member Monday" blog post: 
Election season may be over, but we are as busy as ever! Check out our newsletter to see how you can get involved! 
Check out our very first #meetthemember post! 
We are so proud to register new citizens to vote at Naturalization Ceremonies every month. Here was our view on Weds: 
#onthisday - Elizabeth Cady Stanton was born in 1815. Stanton was an early leader of the woman's rights movement.

Our office will be closed in honor of Veterans Day. 
Why do you vote? Hear from 2 of our members on why they vote and why you should do the same! 
Big honor to be nominated for a @TYPros Boomtown Award! Congrats to winner @Blake_Ewing &amp; fellow nominee @OK4theArts 
Pub &amp; Politics is happening now! Come by @retrodentulsa to meet candidates who want to represent YOU! cc: @TYPros
Check out our election events &amp; resources! We want to make sure everyone is educated &amp; prepared to vote on Nov. 4th! 
Printed Voters' Guides are here! Pick one up at our office, at a @tulsalibrary location or see it online @VOTE411 
Next Mon at 7 we will host a forum for @tulsacouncilgov district 7 candidates @annaamerica and Arianna Moore 
Important issue that needs to be discussed. Thanks for bringing it up @GinnieGraham 
Join us this Thurs at 6:30 to hear from the Judicial District 14 candidates at Centenary United Methodist Church! 
Excited to partner w/  @OklahomaBar @TulsaHistory &amp; Tulsa County Bar Assoc. on a Judicial Forum - TOMORROW at 6:30! 
Be sure to tweet your thoughts and responses to tonight's debate with #okvotes14 
TONIGHT! RT@okstate Don't miss the gubernatorial debate between @GovMaryFallin &amp; @Dorman2014 at 7 pm: 
A great reminder from @GinnieGraham "Getting voter ID takes simple phone call to Election Board"

Thrilled about this!! What a huge honor! RT @TYPros Congrats @LWVTulsa 
@Vnecv We are very excited about this forum!
@voteforcathy will re-send. Thanks for your response!
@Costello4OK - @LWVOklahoma sent you an invite to participate in our Voters' Guide- a great resource 4 voters! Need responses by 9/20! Thx
@Workmanistan @LWVOklahoma sent you an invite to participate in our Voters' Guide- a great resource 4 voters! Need responses by 9/20! Thx
@voteforcathy - @LWVOklahoma sent you an invite to participate in our Voters' Guide- a great resource 4 voters! Need responses by 9/20! Thx
@LtGovToddLamb - @LWVOklahoma sent you an invite to participate in our Voters' Guide- a great resource 4 voters! Need responses by 9/20! Thx
@jiminhofe - @LWVOklahoma sent you an invite to participate in our Voters' Guide- a great resource 4 voters! Need your response by 9/20! Thx
@MattForOK - @LWVOklahoma sent you an invite to participate in our Voters' Guide- a great resource 4 voters! Need your response by 9/20! Thx
We have work to do!  #vote #RegisterToVote 
Don't miss the District Attorney candidate forum TONIGHT - 7pm 
Get information on the Tulsa County DA candidates for the Aug 26th runoff via @VOTE411 ! 
Twitter friends - what do you think about this? "Adopt the Open Primary" via @nytimes  
Study: #voter turnout in primaries so far has been declining, could mean record lows this fall. via @USATODAY 
Breaking news! OK's Same-Sex Marriage Ban Overturned 
Just registered as a partner for this year's @CelebrateNVRD on Sept 23rd. Will you join us? Call the office to learn more! 918-747-7933
Join @circlecinema at the "Earth Matters" Film Series on July 22 - "WHERE DID THE HORNY TOADS GO?" 
Our July newsletter is now available! 
Don't  forget to get out and #vote TODAY! If you have questions you need answered, give the League office a call!  918-747-7933.
TY to @GinnieGraham of the @tulsaworld &amp; Debra Wright-Burns of @FCSTulsa for speaking our Annual Meeting last night! 

Loved seeing League Member Jane Ziegler in this @tulsaworld article. Great example of a citizen doing her part! 
Great view! @lwv #lwv2014 
"Putting  names on ballot papers in alphabetical order creates a strange  statistical anomaly in local elections"

Proud to assist with events like last night's Superintendent Candidate Forum! Thx @tulsaworld for the coverage: 
We will be holding a Superintendent Candidate Forum next Weds at 7:00. More details can be found on our website: 
The May issue of the "Tulsa Voter" newsletter is now available! View it here: 
HUGE thank you to @WilliamsUpdates for printing 3,000 copies of the Constitution for us, free of charge! 
Know a BOLD woman? Nominate her for @YWCATulsa 's "100 Women of Tulsa" award. Deadline for nominations is tomororw!   
Don't forget to VOTE TODAY! 
Early voting for the April 1 election is today and tomorrow! via @tulsaworld  
Did you see our position in the @tulsaworld today? Vote YES on April 1: 
The Tulsa League supports passage of County Tax Propositions on the April 1 ballot! Read more about our position: 
Mary Jo Neal, a League past president, will offer "An Introduction to Parliamentary Rules &amp; Procedures" this weekend! 
Tours of the juvenile center/jail are being offered in advance of the Apr 1 tax proposition vote. via @tulsaworld 
Great infographic about #voting in Oklahoma. 
Attendees at our Pathfinder Kick-Off Party last night! Looking forward to the April 22 event! 
Attend the "Science of Climate Change" tonight, 7:00 at All Souls Unitarian Church. Call 918-706-0949to RSVP. 
Tulsa County Residents - there are 2 tax propositions on the April 1 ballot! Learn about "Protect Our County" here: 
Thank you to Karen Keith for hosting a very informative session on the upcoming County tax propositions! #votesmart 
Sneak peak of our Pathfinder Award Gala invites... You can make reservations online now! 
Want to know more about the tax proposals appearing on April 1 ballot? Attend our information session THIS Thurs. 
You can now register for the 2014 Pathfinder! Join us April 22 to honor Rodger Randle at our only fundraising event! 
Join @OUTulsa President, Dr. Gerry Clancy, as he dicusses the future of #healthcare - Tues, March 11 - 6:30 p.m. 
The right to vote makes a difference in more ways than you might think. via @GinnieGraham @tulsaworld  
A very exciting announcement - mark your calendars! 
We are already working on our Voters' Guide for the 2014 elections! What questions can you think of for the candidates vying for office?
The OK Supreme Court ruled that a voter has standing to challenge the state’s Voter ID law. See our response here: 
Have you seen our February newsletter? We have hit the ground running this year! 
Members/Supporters - Look for your copy of the League's 2013 "At A Glance" Annual Report in the mail this week! 
Our 2014 Directory of Government Officials is now available online! 
Our Voters' Guide for the Feb. 11 School Board Election is now available! 
Do you have a School Board election coming up? Learn more about the candidates on @VOTE411 
10 Ways the League of Women Voters is Making Democracy Work in 2013: 
Have questions about the Affordable Care Act? Attend this community forum on Dec. 5th! 
Want to become more involved with the League? Join a Unit Meeting! 
Check out our President in the @tulsaworld, discussing the League's positions on the upcoming ballot propositions: 
Lots going on! Check out our Nov. newsletter to see what we have been up to, and what is coming up! #tulsavoter 
Thank you to everyone who made our Pathfinder Award Gala a success- last night was a wonderful celebration! 
Join Congregation B'nai Emunah tonight at their "Smart Conversations" event. 7:00 pm. $10 at the door. 
Our Pathfinder Awards Gala is only a few weeks away- get your tickets now! 
Unfortunately, our Mayoral Forum that was scheduled for Oct. 17th has been postponed:... 
Learn more about the bus rapid transit portion of the Improve our Tulsa package at this community event on Oct. 21st! 
Mark your calendars! We are hosting a Mayoral Candidate Forum on Oct. 17th! 
Today is the 226th anniversary of the signing of the U.S. Constitution — and that means it is also Constitution Day! 
Just got our 1st donation for the Pathfinder Award Gala Wine Pull - thanks Julie! Bring your donation by M-F, 10-2! 
We have ALOT going on around here! Read all about it: 
Happy Women's Equality Day! 
Bedlam Clinics at 10: Lessons About Health Equity by Dr. Gerry Clancy-this year's Pathfinder honoree! via @tulsaworld 
Enjoy! "Bad Romance: Women's Suffrage" 
Want to become more involved with the League? Attend our Voter Registration Training MONDAY, Aug. 12 @ 10:30. Call 918-747-7933 to RSVP.
Can nonprofits increase voter turnout? A new report from @NpVOTE says YES. 
Have you seen the August issue of the "Tulsa Voter" yet? Check it out! 

If you've ever considered running for office, this would be a great event to attend! Brought to you by @TYPros 
"Holder opens new front on voting rights protection" via @USATODAY 
The "Motorcade for Medicaid" is THIS weekend! View departure points/times via the Facebook event: 
On this day in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention was held - the first convention for women's rights! Read more here: 
We have art in our Board room! Be sure  to take a look next time you are at the League office! 
We are sending out membership renewals this week! Have you renewed? It's also a great time to join for the 1st time! 
Did you know that Ntl. Voter Registration Day is Sept.24th? Learn about why this day was created here: 
#celebrateNVRD
Climate Change Will Cause More Energy Breakdowns, U.S. Warns, via @nytimes 
Have you read our July "Tulsa Voter" newsletter yet? 
We had a great #Pathfinder committee meeting last night - exciting things to come for this year's awards!
We are thrilled to announce that Dr. Gerard Clancy is our 2013 #Pathfinder Honoree: 
via @USAToday 
"Supreme Court limits key part of Voting Rights Act" 
@LWVPensacolaBay  thanks for the follow!
A citizens commission draws the lines?  #redistricting The LWV of CA reports its win-win outcome.    
Good news for League climate watchers: RT @sophiabkv Obama Preparing Big Effort to Curb Climate Change 
@caracowanwatts Thnx for RT!!
LWVUS President Elisabeth MacNamara addressing LWVUS Council. #LWV2013 
Karen Nicholson, Kathleen Kastelic &amp; Sheila Swearingen at 2013 LWVUS Council #LWV2013 
Young Voters are making a difference 
This morning we helped 16 new Americans register to vote following their naturalization ceremony! 
Congress votes to expand VAWA.  
Championing the Voting Rights Act (VRA) in Shelby County v. Holder 
Yikes! Oklahoma voting percentage in 2012 was 49.2 %, compared to 58.2 % nationally. From OK Policy Institute 
We are FULL! Reservations are closed for the bus going to the Expand Medicaid Rally.  . 
Still room on the bus  to OKC for Rally to Expand Medicaid on Feb. 5 BUT you gotta reserve a place by Fri. Feb. 1  
A good question for Leagues studying water policy AND for all of Oklahoma: "Could we run out of water?" 
Got questions about what the League's going to do about gun control? Here's some common sense on guns from the LWVUS 
Tune in to Diane Rehm on NPR at 9 am today for serious discussion of  redistricting and the electoral college 
Medicaid Expansion Rally Feb. 5 in OKC Sign Up to ride the Bus with the LWV of Metropolitan Tulsa 
Check out the Publications page on the League's website for our 2013 Directory of Government Officials Publications 
Want Voting Info? League Voter Guides available at Tulsa libraries 
The League celebrates this decision: Judge halts Pa.'s tough new voter ID requirement - Yahoo! News 
League of Women Voters of Oklahoma mention in "Oklahomans to decide affirmative action in November" 
Tulsa World Opinion Page: "Voter fraud: It really doesn't exist" 
Tulsa World covered the Aug 14 League forum for OK SD 33 candidates in Broken Arrow 
PA Voter ID Law Trial Set To Begin As State Concedes It Has No Proof Of In-Person Voter  Fraud ... 
Senate vote on DISCLOSE Act will be Monday, 7/16. Don't let secret money destroy our U.S. political system. Take Action 
Eric Holder: Voter ID laws are a "poll taxes," 
League president McNamara quoted in National Journal article: Foes of Voter ID Laws Find Ways to Mute Their Impact  
League of Women Voters of the US: AFFORDABLE CARE ACT RULED CONSTITUTIONAL  
U.S. League of Women Voters: Supreme Court repeats naive, uninformed errors of Citizens United 
All voters in Tulsa city limits, go VOTE today!  Charter change amendment deserves a "yes" vote. League's info here 
Happy 40th Birthday, Title IX! | League of Women Voters 
Tulsa City County Library has Tulsa League Voter Guide linked from its website 
June primary election voter guide is ready to download from the website 
The League registering voters at TyPro's "The Contenders: Candidates" at the legendary Cain’s Ballroom 
Tulsa World quotes League members on voting problems and says state election board promises they've made corrections  
Contact your elected leaders --  "Directory of Gov't Officials" updated June 1 and available on Tulsa League's website 
@thewritin1 Thanks for asking.  We'll have it posted by June 12 and changed the website.  Sometimes we need a little help from our friends!
Using Vote411 for Tulsa League &amp; Oklahoma League -- Big thanks to candidates who are using this great new way to connect with voters...
One week left before June 1 deadline to register to vote in the June 26 primaries.  Don't miss out.
Oklahoma League co-presidents' letter published in Daily Oklahoman: Secret campaign money undermines role of voter   
Oklahoma League co-presidents say voters have a right to know who's behind "secret" political ads  
The League of Women Voters says every vote should count in HD 71 election.  
Should every vote count? Candidate in HD71 race seeks court help  
Oklahoma HD 71 winner still undecided as judge issues no decision in House District 71 race  
Both Democrats and Republicans vote Super Tuesday, March 6 -- read about new precincts, polling places  
Don't miss your chance to vote  in OK Presidential Primary: In person absentee voting begins Friday March 2  
@LWV Happy Birthday to us!
Janet Pearson editorial in Feb. 12 Tulsa World: "Water issues are complex and easy answers few" 
LWV urges you to sign petition TODAY to stop Super PAC's. Get new commissioners at Federal Election Commission (FEC). 
Political notebook: League of Women Voters to host House race forum  
Why Don't Millions Of Americans Have ID? 
Holder vows to enforce voter civil rights protections 
Tulsa County election workers try out states new voting machines 
Tulsa House District 71 candidate removed from ballot 
Should we sell Oklahoma water to Texas? Tulsa World's Janet Pearson says "NO" in editorial  
Some Disagree With Voter ID Law At Polls - KTUL.com - Tulsa, Oklahoma - Coverage You Can Count On: 
OK Dist 2 elections get a mention on the Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: 8/23 
KRMG Presents: Council-Rama 
Live in the City of Tulsa?  You can vote tomorrow to shorten ONG's franchise agreement with the City of Tulsa -- or not. 
Water Needed: Texas sending "reclaimed" wastewater back into the system. League water study needed 
Tulsa League op-ed in July 23 Tulsa World: "League of Women Voters opposes proposed city charter changes" 
July 19, 1848, the first Convention for Women’s Rights opens in Seneca Falls, NY.  
Shocking!  Oklahoma is ranked 49th in # women elected according to Rutgers Center for American Women and Politics   
Tulsa World editorial asks "Are Tulsans ready to change their government?" Editorial says probably not, at least for now 
Scary: Oklahoma working on water plan to define 'surplus water' so it can be sold (to Texas) or the highest bidder. 
League History- July 14, 1917 - 16 National Women's Party picketers arrested outside the White House, demanding the vote for women. We won.
List of candidates for Tulsa city elections includes some new names.  Check the final list on the League  blog 
We'll post final list of candidates for Tulsa city council and auditor -  about 6 pm tonight 
Oklahoma House of Representatives to share interim study reports.

Voter ID? Read comments from PBS's "Need to Know" to get an idea of how it affects real people. 
League president tells city council that League "opposes any change and will recommend to voters that they do the same."  
League of Women Voters will be at 6 pm Town Hall in City Council Chamberl.  Read "League Opposes Changing City Charter 
Do you think the House of Reps should get rid of the EPA?  It's getting ready to vote on this.  Take action! 
Meet me at Hardesty Library 10 am Sat -- At-large districts for Tulsa?  yes or no? Greg Bledsoe & Kenneth Hicks  discuss 
Feb. 15 - Susan B. Anthony's b-day &  Rutherford B Hayes signs law so women attorneys could argue before US Supreme Court 
Updated election results. There'll be 3 runoffs: Broken Arrow, Skiatook and Tulsa Technology Center. Get the latest here 
Latest school board election results on our website and we predict a runoff election for Tulsa Technology Center.  
Where will you vote? Polling places consolidated for Tues Feb 8 School Board Elections.  Make sure you know where to vote 
Early in-person voting for School Board Elections, 8 am - 6 pm on Monday, Feb. 7 at the Tulsa County Election Board, 555 N. Denver.
School Board Elections Tuesday. Precincts may change.  Check before you vote: www.tulsaworld.com/20110205_12_A8_Inligh102707
The League's 2011 Tulsa County School Board Election Voter Guide is now online. Be prepared. Election Day is February 8! 
Great reminder from Elizabeth MacNamara, US League President, about the need for civility in political discourse 
Are you registered to vote?  Registration deadline for Feb 8 school board elections is Fri Jan 14.  Register here 
LWV will be at the outreach fair at All Souls Church on Sunday the 9th.  Look for our table. 
WE HAVE GIVEN OUT 3,467 COPIES OF THE VOTER GUIDE AND COUNTING!!! DONT HAVE YOURS? VISIT OUR WEBSITE (cont) 
If you need information on the State Questions or other voter information  visit our website lwvtulsa.org.
Preparing for "iron Jawed Angles" at the Circle Cinema on Aug. 26th....
Making my Twitter profile look good with Themeleon by @COLOURlovers 
Voter ID on Ballot Challened - 
non-partisan Voters Guide available for Tulsa Voters @ www.lwvtulsa.org - Get up to speed!!
If you live in Tulsa, be sure to vote tomorrow!  7 a.m. - 7 p.m. Call 747-7933 for Rides to the Polls.
Tulsa Mayoral Forum sponsored by LWVTulsa, OKEQ, PFLAG @ OK Equality Center, 4 p.m. FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Tulsa Mayoral/Auditor Forum sponsored by LWVTulsa, Brookside Neighborhood Association @ All Souls Church, 6 p.m. FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Tulsa Mayoral Forum sponsored by LWVTulsa, TMM, OCCJ @ Central Library Aaronson Auditorium, 12 Noon FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Hear John Ellsworth @ the John Hope Franklin Dinner for Reconciliation @ John Hope Franklin Center, 6pm TONIGHT $15
City of Tulsa Mayoral Forum sponsored by LWV Tulsa and Hispanic Chamber of Commerce @ DT Crowne Plaza, 11:30 a.m. $25 OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
City of Tulsa Mayoral Forum sponsored by LWVTulsa,OSU-Tulsa,Cox Communications,TulsaWorld. Cablecast on Cox Channel 3.TONIGHT 7 to 8 p.m.
Discuss Healthcare Reform in OK at LWVTulsa UnitMtg - Blue Dome Diner Downtown, 7 a.m. to 8 a.m. TUESDAY - FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
City of Tulsa Mayoral Forum sponsored by LWV Tulsa and Tulsa County News @ Clinton Middle School, 6:30 p.m. FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Discuss Healthcare Reform in OK at LWVTulsa UnitMtg - North Pointe Business Ctr Comm. Rm (Pine & Cincinnati) - 11:30AM-1PM TODAY -  FREE
City of Tulsa Mayoral Forum sponsored by LWV Tulsa and Tulsa County News @ Clinton Middle School, 6:30 p.m.  FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
Last day to RSVP to 10/28 Lunch Mayoral Forum - reply to admin@tulsahispanicchamber.com
Heard Dr. Walters at WRSM at TCC this AM. Highly recommend it.  Next WRSM is Nov. 6 #wrsm
Meet the candidates! Tulsa Mayoral and City Auditor Candidates Rally, Tues. Aug. 25, 6pm at Education Service Center 3027 S. New Haven
www.elections.state.ok.us - Register to Vote!!!  Deadline is 6pm Aug. 14 to vote in the Tulsa Primary on Sept. 8
