This is why update accounts are the absolute worst <POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE><POUTING FACE> 
I'm done commenting on the stupid shit this fandom does... from now on I'm just going to sit here and support Zayn because he deserves it
Just my opinion 
I'm so fucking done with this fandom 
@zaynmalik come on man... you know the fans twist everything to benefit them and never get or think about the truth before they lash out
@backnineniall I'm down give me a second
@backnineniall let's do it!
@backnineniall that would be a good @ for an update account tbh
THIS! 
I'm sorry but Lou made it personal when he attacked and keeps attacking Z's best friend! 
He deserves to have support of people who truly love and support him. If you don't then good, leave. He doesn't need fake fans anymore.
Sure he might not always do stuff I agree with but that's not going to make me hate on him and leave his side.
You all can hate him for petty shit but I won't turn my back on him..
He has done nothing to deserve the amount of hate he is getting. He is just trying to live his life the way he wants. He's growing up.
Just for the record I will always support Zayn. I will always defend him. He means a lot to me and I'm not going to turn my back on him.
My thoughts every time someone tweets me something stupid 
Nothing is ever the fandoms fault because ya'll are so perfect and are the best fandom in history
Blame it on everyone else but the fandom... fucking figures
@backnineniall exactly.... I hope so
@zaynmalik I will always, ALWAYS be on your side. I will support you in everything you do til the day I die! #promise
It's kind of sad that you never allow them to live their lives they way they want to
You all only ever think about yourselves and never about what the boys go through...
Just put yourself in Zayn's position for 30 seconds.... what would you do and how would you feel seeing this shit being said about you?
He's going to make mistakes and he's going to do shit we don't agree with but it will make him a better person
Right now I honestly think Zayn is trying to figure out who he is without One Direction and everyone needs to let him
Louis needs to let Zayn make mistakes so he can learn from them and see who his true friends are
If he doesn't think Naughty is a good influence on Zayn then that's fine but Z needs to learn it on his own
Naughty Boy clearly isn't going to back down so Louis just needs to let it go and focus on keeping his band together
To be honest,  Louis just needs to leave Naughty Boy alone. Louis keeps trying to get a reaction out of him and it needs to stop
And honestly if you do, you never truly supported him in the first place
There is no way in hell you can all fault him and hate him for that
Honestly if you don't stand up for yourself or your friends people will continue to walk all over you and Zayn is done letting that happen
#proudofZayn
I just truly don't fucking understand this fandom and the way they treat their "idols" who they "love" so much
Zayn never had the confidence to stand up for himself and now that he is you are all sending him hate for it
The fact that Lou hasn't said anything to provoke Zayn means a lot
Zayn and Lou are fine... you all don't need to freak out and make shit worse
I'm glad Zayn is finally standing up for himself... whether it's directed towards Lou or not... I'm proud of Zayn
You all hate him now because he's done letting people walk all over him?! Wow you all need to grow the fuck up
Who is Zayn? You have got to be fucking kidding me!
This pisses me off.... A LOT 
The double fucking standards of this fandom are absolutely ridiculous
So why do you guys get to love something when one person does it and it's okay but when someone else does the same thing it wrong?
you all are LOVING what Josh posted on instagram but if that was oh let's say Perrie you all would be up her ass
Why is something only cultural appropriation when you all want it to be?
YOU ASSHOLE! 
you all need to remember that
actions speak much louder than words
you say you do, but your actions prove otherwise
but you all dont give a shit about that. You all dont give a fuck about what the boys what or need or think or feel
why the hell do you think Z left? He was sick of you all hating on him and his family and everyone who makes him happy and who he is today
They arent... they arent proud of you.
do you think they are proud to say the have the fandom that they have? The fandom that hates on everyone for petty fucking shit
they say you are the best because they know if they dont, you all will make a big deal about it and its not worth it
a boyband that lets be honest HATES their fans because of the things you do... and you are all proving that right now
one direction isnt the best... far from it actually and you all need to realize there is more to life than a fucking boyband
its really disgusting how you all feel the need to hate on people every fucking day of your lives
if the one direction fandom isnt in the trends for something they feel like their lives are a waste
highly fucking doubt it... Harry has bigger fish to fry then that
do you really think its going to bother H that a group of girls, ALL WITH BOYFRIENDS, said they should slide left on Tinder?
you all just have to find something to bitch about
and its not all about looks like you are all making it out to be
Sometimes friendship isnt worth the dating to fuck that all up
did any of you ever stop to think they maybe they all said left because they KNOW Harry?
oh wow they are such horrible people omg lets all send them death threats 
Thanks Kyla!  
The boys deserve so much better from their fandom
But you all don't care about that either because you only care about you and what you want
He is working on a solo album. He wants his own life and to be able to do what he wants
Harry wants to leave... He is on the verge of it and you all just keep pushing and pushing and he's going to do it
But hey... you all aren't here for the boys so I guess keep doing you and when the rest split it will be all on you
You trend bullshit for the boys but when one of them truly need support and love you all are no where to be found
This is why I hate the fandom
Did he breathe? Wow they all did but why don't they get trends?
What did Niall do to get his own trend?
Niall is your hero? What about Liam, Louis, or Harry?
And no offense but what did Niall do to get a trend?
Because you all only care about yourselves
But none of you care about what Zayn wants
And the sooner the better for him and his imagine if you ask me
I get he should be recognized with the boys but at the same time there needs to come a point where he doesn't
You all have got to accept his decision and stop trying to force One Direction on him
He had to have left for a reason so now he's gone
Just gonna put this out here but maybe Zayn doesn't want to alway be recognized with One Direction
You're telling me Tommo 
@drunkonTommo I'm used to it... could care less at this point to be honest
Trying to force him into it will only make him wait longer to tell us and it will prove to him he made the right choice
Just like it was your choice to support him.... it will be his choice when he decides to talk about leaving
He didn't make you support him for 5 years... you did that by choice so he doesn't owe you anything
This is why he left... you all try to control him, his life, and what he is supposed to say or do but he doesn't have to do anything
Leave him the fuck alone... He doesn't owe you an explanation or anything
Zayn retweets a tweet from 2 days ago and the whole fandom explodes
Time to go drink some more wine! <WINE GLASS><WINE GLASS><WINE GLASS>
Imma just stay out of it
But hell what do I know right?
It's for a good reason but it is wrongly worded
But honestly... The 1d fandom is pretty damn disrespectful towards all the boys so that's a horrible trend
I have had far too much to drink and I don't need to kill anyone tonight
I'm not even going to get into tbh
If you guys want other to respect him you all need to set an example and respect him too! Stop talking shit about him! #RespectForZayn
This is absolutely adorable 
At least they look happy! 
Well at least Z tells the truth... 
<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
@Louis_Tomlinson your grammar is atrocious... go back to school
I'm worried about Z... I hope he gets the help he needs and comes back stronger than ever
@NaughtyBoyMusic this is hella good! I can't wait to hear more from you two!
Fucking ridiculous
Right now I don't even care if I go to prison.... at least then I wont have to deal with the fandom
Can I stab someone seriously?!?
This seriously pisses me off... leave them the fuck out of this for real 
What does this prove? Net worth honestly doesn't mean shit 
#done
It's really sad how the boys have done stop bullying campaigns then starts shit like that to start the bullying someone
None of us know the real story so you shouldn't be assuming shit because it just makes you all look like shit when the truth comes out
He needs to not let petty fucking things get to him because he's encouraging bullying and that's what the fandom is doing
I love Lou... I really truly do but he shouldn't have said shit
@NaughtyBoyMusic I got your back! Don't worry about the drama... everyone needs someone to blame and it's not right that's it's you
I will continue to love and support the boys but I'm done with anything even remotely associated with this "fandom"
And I don't want any part of it
I just don't get how this fandom can be proud at themselves for bullying others.... it truly sickens me
I better log off before I say some shit that I won't regret but will get hate for and I don't need that right now
I just can't right now.... I'm about to kill someone
When the fuck will people learn Louis or any of one direction "ended" the wanted career?! 
It's truly disgusting and it makes me want to puke
I just don't physically understand how some of you can be proud of yourselves saying the shit you are
Because honestly they dont... not if you can be okay with yourself talking shit about they boys that saved your lives
You say you would stay but you wouldn't... you would leave and talk shit like they never meant anything to you
I guarantee not many of you would still be here if you knew the truth about some shit that is hidden from you
If something was to happen or you were to know the truth about shit how many of you would actually stay?
Being part of the fandom allows you to be a bully and it's "socially acceptable" because it's online and everyone in the fandom does it
90% of you like the boys because it's the in thing and it's convenient
But none of you know that because none of you are real fans
Because that's what TRUE fans do....
All I know is no matter what I will support all five of those boys in everything they do all five can go solo nd I will support each of them
So many of you say you love and support the boys yet you talk all this shit... that's not love or being supportive just to let you know
I just need to not come on here for a few days til shit calms down because I literally get so pissed
Sometimes it's really hard to not speak my mind about shit
You say all this shit about him yet he's your icon which means you like him... so yeah that seems legit I suppose
Okay... why is your icon Zayn then? 
Double standards... double standards everywhere you look
Amazing how you all love sassy Louis except for when he's sassy about something you are all mad at him about
But hey... what the hell do I know right
I get where Lou is coming from but dude seriously you have bigger things to worry about than naughty boy winding up your fans
By Louis giving Naughty Boy the attention he's accomplishing what he set out to do so....
Well the fandom was calmer... thanks Lou for fucking that up
Awks....
but I'm just a fake fan so I suppose I dont know much of anything
I just am super disgusted by the shit I am seeing being said.. it truly blows my mind how some of you can say you are fans and say that shit
so I'm done bitching about the way you are all acting since Zayn left...
you all keep pushing the boys farther and farther away... you will never learn
I'm giving up bitching about it because it really doesnt make a difference what I have to say... you all keep doing the same shit
I just dont even know anymore
really though... I'm appalled by some of the shit I am seeing being said...
Why does this fandom make EVERYTHING about them?
@backnineniall it truly makes no sense at all
@backnineniall I don't think so either... they get so mad when their parents try to control them yet they try to control the boys
@backnineniall I just can't believe they still haven't learned.... what needs to happen more than one leaving before they learn?
@backnineniall well when reality hits them I'm going to be over here laughing
@backnineniall exactly.. that's one of the worst. You can't claim it's never them then suddenly it is.. doesn't work that way
So... @NaughtyBoyMusic indirects to the One Direction fandom are the absolute best! I can't stop laughing!  <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@backnineniall that's so true! Double standards
They only thank you for winning it for them because if they don't say anything you all bitch that they don't appreciate you
But hell I don't know anything so you guys keep celebrating winning them awards that literally don't mean shit to them
The fact that they keep winning Kids Choice Awards proves they will never not be a band for 12 year old girls #justsaying
Adult awards mean more...
I would rather the boys be nominated for a Grammy than win 3 KCAs
I don't get how the fandom can be so happy that the boys won a KCA.... I would rather them win adult awards than ones targeted at kids
You are all just proving to him he made the right choice by leaving
He reads everything you guys say about him.... do you want him to see how much this fandom hates him?
He leaves so the hate stops and he still gets it
Like seriously leave the kid alone...
"We want Zayn back in One Direction" you sure because the other day he was an abusive cheater and you wanted him gone....
If you all really knew the truth....
I really wish I could post this conversation so the fandom can see it but I don't want to get in trouble
Clearly you didn't learn shit from him walking away from you
But the way you are all acting right now is the exact reason he left... just let that sink in
Maybe he doesn't want his fan base to be millions of 12 year old girls when he knows he has more talent than that
He has a plan and so what if that's singing with naughty boy?
The way you are all hating on Zayn right now is the exact reason he left 1d...
I have a lot I want to say but I am not going to say a word
@Louis_Tomlinson love you Lou!
Not so funny now is it?
Plus this is karma for all of you laughing at the TW fans when they split up
I mean honestly Zayn gets hate for breathing so why would he want to come back to subject himself to that?
If you all truly cared you wouldn't send him hate for every little thing he does
Personally I don't want Zayn to come back.... I don't want him to get the abuse he suffered daily at the hands of his fans
I truly don't get this fandom
#PleaseZaynBackForUs really though.... you're the reason he left so why would he come back for you? Haven't you guys realized that yet?
People need to not believe everything they hear because it's so easy for people to make up scenarios
Mally, just know I love you. And I always will no matter what. You are my lighter and I can't live without you! <WINKING FACE> I love you bro! <KISSING FACE WITH CLOSED EYES>
So I'm just going to keep my mouth shut and that's that
I'm not going to say anything because I know how this is all going to end
And don't you dare send me hate.... because that will be proving my point
#justsaying 
There is no one to blame for this but the fandom
This fandom has pushed these boys so far... I'm amazed they lasted this long
And maybe you all need to stop blowing things out of proportion and wait until someone confirms it
Maybe this is a sign you should all stop fucking hating on the boys for every fucking thing they do
I hope you all feel so ashamed of yourselves
You broke Zayn beyond repair and the only way he felt he could be fixed was to leave the band...
The fact that Zayn wants out of the spotlight really says a lot about this fandom
No matter what or where you go in the future @zaynmalik I will always support you!
@NiallOfficial can we talk about Derby?
@Real_Liam_Payne follow me Liam and you will never be bored again #trustme
This fandom is nothing but double standards about everything and it's really fucking irritating
You can't be so two sided.... you can't think something is okay for you to do but then freak out when others do the same
Like you all did with Harry when he didn't tweet about what was happening in the world and got a shit ton of hate for it
With you guys trending bullshit trends I don't want any of you to bitch if something big happens and people are tweeting about it
I truthfully could go on forever so don't tell me we are the best fandom because no we are no where near the best fandom and never will be
The best fandom wouldn't turn their backs on their idols in the blink of an eye
The best fandom wouldn't hate on the people their idols are dating because they don't agree and think it's fake or they hate them
The best fandom wouldn't hate on their idols families or friends
The best fandom would support their idols 115% in everything that they do no matter what
The best fandom wouldn't talk shit about their idols when they don't know the whole truth about a situation
The best fandom wouldn't send death threats to their idols, other fandom and each other
"We still have it trending we are the best fandom" Ummm no please don't even get me started
This is why I hate the fandom... they only fucking care about themselves
So Liam has no chill is still trending... wow guys there is so many more important things happening in the world then Liam being sassy
If you all stop talking about that bitch she will stop causing shit
its situations like these where we find the true fans
its sickening to see what the fandom really thinks of the boys
"we dont care if other fandoms hate us" but its not just fandoms... its the boys too tbh
love how the fandom is like "grow up" yet they are the ones blowing this WAYY out of proportion
when you have a reaction gif to any situation you know you have a problem
I feel like you could use this everyday in the fandom #lifeinthe1dfandom 
#lifeinthe1dfandom 
#lifeinthe1dfandom 
you mean the one direction fandom? 
me when I log on to twitter 
#lifeinthe1dfandom 
#lifeinthe1dfandom 
"Liam should know better... he needs to be a better role model" 
does the fandom feel the need to fight other fandoms to feel powerful bc thats the straight up definition of a bully 
blows my mind how the fandom is so quick to attack people when they insult the boys yet dont care when its the own fandom attacking them
Excellent point 
explains why everyone in the fandom is so bitchy all the time #lifeinthe1dfandom 
#lifeinthe1dfandom 
she has gotten exactly what she wanted... so congrats fandom
that bitch is getting "famous" for the wrong reasons but you all keeping talking about her are making her "famous"
you dont get to pick and choose when you like one of the boys and when you dont... that's not how the game is played
I dont understand how the fandom is so quick to defend Liam but when he does something "problematic" you are all the first to hate him
@backnineniall @tommotini I can't say the anwser to that... it's an invasion of privacy <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
there is a 100% chance I hate the One Direction fandom
there is a 65% chance Louis is laughing right now
there is a 89% chance Niall is thinking about how Derby wont get premiership and there is a 95% chance hes pissed about it
there is a 70% chance Liam is thinking about Sophia
there is a 50% chance Harry Styles is peeing right now
fuck I should be an update account... I can update you all on what the boys are doing
or to post pictures they steal from tumblr and give credit to their friends who run update accounts
update accounts have one job and that is to tell us shit that we already know because a million other people said it before them
if people who run update accounts want to say their opinions they need to do it on their personals
if a little 8 year old see that Harry is racist because an update account says so then thats what they will believe
when they have hundreds of thousands of followers, anything they say people are going to believe because #confirmed
I dont think update accounts realize the amount of influence they hold in the fandom
if update accounts spent their times doing what their account type says, aka UPDATING us, then there wouldnt be so much drama
update accounts are the most worthless pieces of shit ever I swear.. they cause more drama than anything else.
fight me bitch
I wish I could have some banter with Liam
but seriously... some people just dont understand banter
I love that Liam is standing up for himself now days... it makes me proud!
how did this whole Justin and Liam drama come to be anyways?
that might have been a jab at 1d as well #oops #sorrynotsorry
net worth dont mean shit when you are a complete dick to the people who support you
people saying Justin is better because higher net worth... no one gives a fuck about that shit
I am confused because I thought that like 90% of Justin's fans were One Direction fans but all the Justin fans are hating on 1D?
@tommotini thank you!
I dont hate Justin, I just dont think that he is a good role model and if you think he is... I am praying for you
Liam doesnt go around spitting on fans, drunk driving, crashing cars, fucking up peoples property, and all the other shit Justin has done
Liam is a WAYYY better role model for young children than Justin and no one can fucking deny that
I dont understand why people are even comparing Liam and Justin... truthfully Liam is better than Justin in many ways
"do you hate Liam?" no hes just a lot of fun to pick on
AMEN RUTH OMG YOU ARE THE BEST PAYNE!
someone give me something to bitch about... I'm in one of those moods
Zayn &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Liam and Justin combined #oops
I'm trying to keep my cool.... I really am but I'm about to lose it real quick
I dont give a fuck about March Madness... every year I lose money and it pisses me off
funny how you all like sassy Liam when its not directed at the fandom but when hes sassy towards the fandom hes suddenly an asshole
@JohannahDarling this makes me feel old! So I can't imagine how it makes you feel! But happy birthday to them both!!
"@Real_Liam_Payne: I really miss you 

I love you both and can't wait to see it.
@Real_Liam_Payne @Louis_Tomlinson @Harry_Styles @NiallOfficial @zaynmalik 
I'm just in one of those fight me moods
"Your fave is problematic" so are you but no one criticizes you for it
there are so many double standards in this fandom
I dont want to be in the same category as the rest of the 1d fans so no I'm not a fan
I'm not a fan because unlike the rest of the "fans" I actually support them so I dont consider myself a fan anymore
"are you even a 1d fan?" no I'm not...
be leaders not followers children and you will get farther in life #justsaying
or do you all just kinda do what everyone else is doing?
do you all even know what you want? or what you support?
how the hell can you say shit like that and then be the ones to CREATE them?!
wait a second... isnt this the same fandom that JUST THIS MORNING said they were here for the music not rumors? Ya'll creating rumors...
Zayn is not in Brazil so stop spreading lies
@tommotini :)
@tommotini I'm pissed!
but hey what do I know... I'm actually normal so maybe I'm totally wrong here? anyone care to let me know?
to I doubt there is hope for you if you are THAT far gone
if you do something simply because 1d does it then you seriously need to be locked up until some sense gets knocked into you
"they are setting a bad example" Really? do you live your life based on what they do? if so go get a new life for real
I'm not here to be involved in their personal lives... I'm here to listen to their music and support them regardless of everything else
it their life and I'm in no position to tell them how to live their life
my fave might be problematic but at least I stand by their side regardless and I dont talk shit about things I dont know
"you have to acknowledge when your fave does something problematic" YOU'RE FUCKING PROBLEMATIC! ACKNOWLEDGE IT AND CHANGE FFS
that's why everyone hates the fandom... people freak out and take things WAY out of proportion
all of you who believe something and trend it before confirmation makes everyone in the fandom look bad
you all get so pissed because someone says something about a ship and it makes everyone who ships it look bad.. same with the fandom
how many times is it going to take before this fandom stop jumping to conclusions and waits for confirmation from the boys or their team?
This fandom certainly isnt here to support and love the boys because if they did they wouldnt talk so much shit all the time
*waits for hate I will get for saying that*
#WeWillAlwaysBeHereForOurBoys1D this is true... you will always be there to criticize them and hate on them and make them feel like shit
there is a huge difference between being critical and being an asshole
You are so hard on them its unreal sometimes
Always going to be here for the boys huh? really because you tend to send them a lot of hate and talk a lot of shit
Good night
It's been a long day so it's bed time
They don't put their trust into many fans and the fact that I have so much is kind of overwhelming
They trust me and they tell me stuff so I wouldn't want to break that trust because it means a lot to me
Plus I don't want to be one of those bitches who invade the boys privacy
So its not worth it
But no one would believe a word I had to say and then once it came true people would be saying they said it first
I should be an update account with all the inside information I know
<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
Seeing these smiles makes my whole day 1000% better 
I'm going to try to stay out of the drama as much as possible but if something is on my mind I will say it
You don't have to agree with whatever I say but for the love of all that is holy do not send me hate
I am here to support them as well as the other boys
I decided to make an account just dedicated to Louis and Zayn since they get so much shit all the time
