My cat behaves like a dog... and it's so perfect!
done           with 
done           with 
done           with 
 done         with         
     done…

but im just listening to everyones convos

and figuring out ur weaknesses

to destroy…
"Catharsis..."
@eonline it was about time it did. For me it ended after Lambert.
"It was a dark and stormy night..."
You know, the part Shawn sings in "Wax Romantic" goes well with Confessions!
Okay, I love the whole EP. So good.
"The Optimist" kills me. I love it. XD
@TFP_tweets perfect! :D I need to start my day with good music!
"All My Circuits" will always be my favourite. So amazing, I can listen to it on repeat all day.
"If it's any consolation I regret what I have done. Now the isolation is killing me."
@GLASSJAKE happy birthday, hope you have another great year. :)
It's been a while since I've listened to @TFP_tweets EP... I'm going to do that just now.
I left my jacket at home today... it looks as if it's going to rain...
Happy mother's day!
Extremely hopeful and optimistic people make me sick.
Nooooooooo @falloutboy in a Pepsi comercial!! I hate Pepsi...
I am turning into a normal person. This isn't good. XD
So cliché, so pathetic, so... normal.
As much as a hate to admit this, but damn, I never thought a Taylor Swift song would be so accurate to the point of annoyance.
I just noticed that my tweets yesterday mentioned silence a lot. I guess, silence is louder than words.
"I've never heard silence quite this loud."
I got a bit too excited and I screamed: "We are done! No more lab!!" xD
I feel I've said this before but yeah.
Also, strangers calm me down. Acquaintances make me horribly anxious.
I hate oral presentations. I get so nervous but when I'm defending something I don't get this worked up...
Ahahahahhahahahahahhahahah, life makes me laugh.
Sometimes, I wish I were a guy. They can wear their most horrible rags and they still look good.
I think I shouldn't have dressed this "fancy". -.-' The shirt and a pair of jeans would've been just fine.
"There's a reason why we keep it all inside. To shield my hopes from the raining sky, then arrange it all into simple lines."
"Silence is a curse. I feel it breaking the ice."
"When the time is right and when there's no way out. I'd give it everything."
"Let the fire in the city burn. I wanna feel the embers warming."
"Solders are calling, just go through the night glo. Drown out the voices and you know you don't have to go."
I hate going "fancy dressed". It makes me insecure. I like dolling myself up but I hate being outside of my comfort zone.
"I need to let go."
"And was so scared I could not see the light."
"I hate what you've done, what you've made me become."
"I can't take it 'cause you think nobody sees what your doing to me. I'm telling you guilt is in your eyes."
"Now I'm just chasing time with a thousand dreams I'm holding heavy."
"Speaking silence has no sound."
A @iamfoxes kind of day.
Not now Ed, I don't want to listen to "Thinking Out Loud". Thank you.
My babies are inseparable!
"I hate the way you say my name like it's something secret. My pen is the barrel of the gun, remind me which side you should be on?"
"The Pros and Cons of Breathing"
"The best of us can find happiness in misery."
"We're all fighting growing old in the hopes of a few minutes more."
"I'm a lonelier version of you, I just don't know where it went wrong."
"Remember me as I was not as I am."
"The Phoenix" just played in my ipod and I just fell in love with it again.
"I want to make you as lonely as me, so you can get addicted to this."
"I'm such a happy mess."
"I've got troubled thoughts and a self esteem to match, what a catch."
"What a Catch, Donnie." Let the tears start to flow...
"I thought I loved you, but it was just how you looked in the dark."
The problem with listening to Fall Out Boy is that I want to sing at the top of my lungs.
"All of the Gin Joints in All The World."
It's a Fall Out Boy kind of day. All their albums on repeat it is.
May the force be with me today... Damn it.
pathetically...
@WeHaveCurses wow you guys are really good, can't wait to hear more!
Some things should be left unsaid, even if keeping them drives you insane. Insanity can pass, the words spoken cannot be taken back.
"Mad World" is such a beautifully tragic song. I love it so much.
@TFP_tweets and I'll totally root for you guys!!
I think it's about time the human race invents something to suppress feeling anything, really. Be just pure logic!
I don't know why but my gut tells me that I should have stayed quiet. My conscience was killing me, I thought I did the right thing...
Bruno Mars' "When I was your man" always kills me. That song is so beautiful.
Look at Josh in that picture. Damn him!
Which Avenger are you? 
@AgentM I got Black Widow! 
7 gigs, 7 venues, in 12h for @trekstock #Charity 
"As relief washes over me, calm consumes me." quite literally, and in a good way.
"I am the emptiness."
Are you fucking serious? XD Hot 102 is playing "It's gonna be me"!!
Sí quieren un lugar donde te metan a Dios hasta por el culo, vayan a los baños de Naturales. ¡Ay Crijto, llevatelas!
"Elation is nothing but a myth unless you give in."

"stop im not in the mood"

C'mon, Not even for a little while?

"Ugh, fine then"

*i set up the cards for our …
I'm slowly fading, shutting down... so tired.
You know, I can't get over how good Confessions is. Bye.
"Have you actually seen yourself without a mirror? "
@oheyjasmine no llegue a coger esa clase, pero cuando estaba allá siempre me lo recomendaban.
That moment when you're on the car and the radio plays a song that perfectly describes your life...
Perfection! :') @avatarmetal - Hail The Apocalypse 
I just discovered my new favourite band... @AVATARmetal is super awesome!!
@TomFelton why tag him in his own twitter?
You know. I really want to see Alesana in concert. D:
@ALEfuckingSANA I agree, I have been doing that since last week! xD
a bigger prison is 
still 
a 
PRISON!
Wouldn't you agree? #AskSeaWorld
#EmptyTheTanks #EndCaptivity 
Can I love Stephen Hawking even more? I think yes! XD 
@altonbrown is so sassy. I love it! #cutthroatkitchen
MIKE: …park?
CHESTER: …
-Burn your scalp
-Jab yourself in the eye with this pen
-Walk on daggers
You did it all wrong, …
Hahahahhaha I don't even know what I want anymore. One day I'm sure and the others I'm just "fuck it all".
@Christian_Pagan quee y no me enteré?! Yo vivo ahi! #superstalker I know xD
Can you say perfection? Damn, I want to see more of Jared as the Joker!
"What are you doing?"
"Going over the guest list for my kid's birthday party."

-…
Manager: Sorry but we're going to have…

Photo credit: Cengland0 
I should've said something...
Damn it, I'm falling asleep!!!
I should have stayed a bit after the lab, as one of the guys suggested. I would have done the homework. But whatever, honestly.
I need a haircut and to re-touch (or lose) the blue/green.
Like, it wasn't the best thing to do I guess, now I'm going to try and get him to listen to their new stuff. Hah!
I did not say this earlier but one of my lab partners knows Alesana. He told me he hasn't listened to them in a while, shaaame!
I'm falling asleep, damn it. I ate candy, I should be awake.
I miss this. "@30SECONDSTOMARS: #TBT: @JaredLeto + Pythagoras, the #ABeautifulLie Era. 
I just saw a real-life Ace Ventura!!!!
Can I be Spock... no? Okay...
So beautiful. "@BBCNewsUS: Evacuations continue as as #Calbuco volcano erupts in #Chile 
¡Vi a @JorgeGelpi dentro de la guagua de Noticentro! Siempre tan risueño.
I know I've said it before but I cannot get enough of "Confessions". So amazing.
I cannot help but smile every time I listen to The Martyr's chorus. I can feel Shawn's devilish smile. XD
I love the end of The Puppeteer so much. It reminds me of The Emptiness. I know it was on purpose, but I want to say it l. XD
So tired...
Amazing!!"@BryanStars: All Time Low &amp;amp; PVRIS cover Christina Aguilera
 
I love the fact that I finally have alesana merch! :') #Alesana #confessions #merch 
Me: *cries when I go to a concert*
Super strength! #art 
"You don’t understand, time is on my side now, baby, and time is running out."
"I’m through trying to reach you, I am the emptiness."

Just let that sink in.
Listening to Paradox carefully has made me realize there are a lot of references to past albums. The first line is not the only one. :')
@Alesana is not helping with the obsession I have with clocks. The sweatshirt is really simple, yet beautiful because it has a clock!! XD
Paradox is starting to grow on me. I really cannot pick a favourite song. Such a good album. @Alesana #confessions
@EresCurioso si se dio cuenta y la dejo ir.
@Melissa_Milke but I can say "I think I like the fight. Wrong feels so right, baby. I’m flirting with lunacy." is one of my faves.
@Melissa_Milke it's difficult to pick, I guess the ones I put on my bio and the ones I've been quoting lately. XD
"Illusion is best when you don’t try to fight back."
XD I enjoyed reading his responses though. I love his sarcastic little self.
D: I just remembered that @jeremy__bryan's AMA was today. :(
"Think, if only he could see the gorgeous rage. Then maybe he would never have bled ink on page."
@Melissa_Milke I agree completely, that plus The Puppeteer!
"Am I Fatima? Am I Rusalka? Or am I just me? Sweet, innocent Annabel."
Como quiera está mal y es una estafa. 
"Feeling the pressure, I should be over you. Slave to the pleasure, I can’t get over you."
"Back and forth and upside down as we laugh ourselves to sleep. We’re trying to escape..."
"Damn you! Temptation, you’ve got a hold on me. Stand up, walk away, don’t fall into the trap."
Good, Mark makes a great Hulk. @ShawnTheMilke look! 
@Alesana @RevivalRecs I cannot pick just one song... but the two that are stuck in my head are The Puppeteer and The Martyr.
"No smiles for the memories we have, rotting with the corpses of our past."
I just saw Tyson on Cupcake Wars and he looks amazing still. Damn him xD those eyes!!
@ThoughtCatalog I had a friend once that changed the song to: "Colorado girls know how to spell girls/ -something- /and drive in the snow."
I thought that The All-American Rejects had broken up after "When The World Comes Down"...
The release of a new album of my favourite band makes me a walking cliché. I don't care!
"@EresCurioso: Escuchar a gente sarcástica cada día te hará más creativo." mis amigos son artistas, literalmente.
People are really stupid. #thekyliejennerchallenge is fucked up belong belief. Things like that make me want to jump off a cliff.
damn! 
The anticipation is killing me! :D @RevivalRecs @Alesana 
My biggest fear was that the Sweatshirt would have been too small but it's just right, I love it!! :D
This is how I've promoted the CD. XD #confessions #alesana #lyrics #desk 
" This is the final act. Please take your seats, this is the moment that you’ve been waiting for.… 
I just got in the car and the first thing I see is my package! :') I'm so happy @revivalrecs @Alesana I'm blasting Confessions all night!
Pretty much, yes. That sums it up.
"There's nothing left for me to lose, except for confusion."
I just started listening to "The Emptiness" in anticipation of tomorrow and everything makes so much sense now. @Alesana I love you guys.
My favourite @TFP_tweets song acoustic, I really can't. I am dying here, why didn't I listen to it sooner? D:
Today feels odd, it feels like Autumn.
@pamelanoa Pam, los que tienen libre es por negociaciones con el convenio.
Can I sleep a bit more?... No? Okay...
I can't sleep... again....
I think is because Ross reminds me of Dante but I'm not sure. XD
Is it my "thing" for long hair and a flirty little smile?... Ross Lynch looks A-okay in the Let's Not Be Alone Tonight video.
Symmetry in Asymmetry. #spiral #art #colour #picks #symmetrytryinasymmetry #symmetry #asymmetry 
Colours. #colour #picks #plastic #art 
chef, intro: I like cooking fresh ingredients simply 
chef, cooking: I'm preparing a risotto basalmic m…
I need to do exercise plus gain weight. I'm starting to looks as a skeleton with skin.
I am so tired. People drain me.
I look incredibly thin with the clothes I'm wearing today... I absolutely hate it!
P A T H E T I C !
I should try and force myself to sleep.
I really can't wait to get "Confessions" in my hands... I hope my order has already shipped.
"He's lost everything in but one cruel instant existence swept away. Did man even notice as he was erased?"
"Foregrounds burst to nothing as symmetry explodes. The Artist screams and beauty dies, his canvas rends while his easel burns."
"Give in to the pleasure, make it last forever."
"If I had just one wish I’d choke prophets, hang angels, burn children. I’d drink oceans, eat the moon, flood the world, end everything."
"Beautiful pure silence, come on! Embrace me sweet perfect nothing swallow my fears, come on!"
"I am a ticking time bomb waiting in a trance."
"Images of yesterday feeling so far away."
"I’ve become Rusalka, demon of night!"
"The author lost his way again and he forgot to write the end."
"Unleash the myth living in your worst fears."
"Lonely stranger with a brush in hand."
So much quoting material. Such perfection. Damn.
The Martyr is also amazing. Damn it. @Alesana I can't with this perfection.
"I’m ashamed, a victim of the curse."
"I think I like the fight. Wrong feels so right, baby. I’m flirting with lunacy. Nothing can stop me and my sinful obsession."
"Maybe I’m just selling a lie, a villain in disguise."
"I am no hero and I’m not a saint. I can’t save the world and I never asked for this."
"I fear the emptiness will swallow me whole. This is my confession."
I can't sleep and decided to listen to "Confessions" properly and I am in love with it.
"The canvas went up in flames..."
Okay, so, I also love The Puppeteer. @Alesana it is so difficult to pick just one song!
"An evil place so full of wonder taking a hold of me."
"Sweet vanity you’re my favourite sin!"
"Welcome to the dreams of hell! You’re in for a wild ride!"
"It honestly can’t get much worse and I’m better off here than on my own."
"I don’t wanna leave because you are ecstasy." I think The Goddess is starting to become my favourite song... @Alesana
"My shadow hides in a place where the sun screams."
"Damn you! Temptation, you’ve got a hold on me. Stand up, walk away, don’t fall into the trap."
"I never wanna leave because you feel like ecstasy. A seduction becoming a part of me."
"Shatter the hourglass. Dissect the universe, tear through reality, rearrange the stars above."
"Ballad of lust, anticipate the irresistible."
You know, I was asleep and suddenly my mind started racing and now I'm awake as if it's 10 am...
"I'm still terrified 'cause at least in the dark no one else can see who you really are."
There's still one month or so left of classes but for me the semester ended. I really don't give a fuck anymore.
@KhristmasGlam D: if I lived close by I would totally go with you.
"I've always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage. Thank you for the final proof." I want to watch Sherlock again! D:
"Catharsis" is so amazing. It's bittersweet, I like that the Annabel trilogy has come to a closure but at the same time I feel sad.
I cannot wait to have my copy of "Confessions", so I can listen to it non-stop.
@Alesana the album is so amazing I could cry. :') of joy, of course.
"Have you ever actually seen yourself without a mirror?"
@crumpitout @Alesana @Revolvermag whaaaa?! :D
Well dressed guys with beautiful smiles and shaggy-ish hair are going to be the death of me.
I'm going to be like Newton, quite honestly. Shield and work by myself and discover the next trascendental thing in Physics...
Oh, little brain, can you stop driving me insane for at least a few minutes? I feel so tired.
@Real_Liam_Payne you're **
"Our consciences are always so much heavier than our egos."
@Josh_Wilding such drama queens.
@Josh_Wilding it was going to come out sooner or later. It's not the whole film, people should build a bridge and get over it.
"Say what you mean, tell me I'm right, and let the sun rain down on me. Give me a sign, I want to believe."
I'm usually straightforward but I don't know what's happening... maybe I'm starting to grow up?... x)
Woah, @adamlambert is looking really good lately. Even more than before.
"I'm sick of saying sorry when I'm not."
"A Little Bit of Truth" just killed me.
I did not remember that "Sinners Never Sleep" was such a roller coaster. Hah! I guess I'm a little sensitive today. I'm tired as fuck.
Pregunta seria: ¿Frozen en "Disney Sobre Hielo" no es sólo Disney?

Criminal: If Jesus was our savior why did "his body" contain gluten?

Executioner: Dude ju…
The best thing is that Reckless comes after... xD
It's been so long since I heard "Crash" by @youmeatsix and my heart is shattered to pieces...
"And I confess, I should have known that this would haunt me. It was hopeless from the start."
People that see me might think that I'm listening to EDM or something along those lines... I dance to metal, okay?! xD

"Oh my God this is Paradise"
Do you ever wake up and see the clock and say, "yay I have five more minutes". To wake up half an hour later and not hearing the alarm...
En menos de 5 minutos he escuchado "Love Me Like You Do" 70mil veces. Como 6 emisoras con la canción. #annoyingasfuck
¿Nadie sabe porque hay una nube de humo de Vega Alta a Manati?
"As relief washes over me, calm consumes me."

"is the name of the store "pets mart" or "pet smart" it could go either way right?"

sir, this line is f…
I have two weeks to do this
(The night before it's due)
I have 8 hours to do this
*gets a phone call*
Omg what is this
*answers*
H-hello?
"Hi"
*throws phone across the room*
WHAT THE FRICK IS H…

Attorney: The cop shot him! Blacks get killed like dogs!

PETA: Oh so you think dogs should b…
Check her blood type!
*nurse tests blood*
"..maple syrup?"
WHAT?
*looks at results*
She…
Literally... "@DepressedDarth: Current mood 
One week!! @Alesana
Destiny is not real, but these coincidences are something weird. Legitimately strange.
Cannot love @gerardway more. That tweet! So done.
@petewentz 
Catharsis.
Catharsis. That is it. Another epiphany.
The Race is perfect, okay?!
"I'm selfish and I'm cold. I promise you I said never again, never again, no, never."
"Love is a dangerous game to play, hearts are meant for breaking and for pain."
Ay, Bounce by The Cab never fails to make me play it on repeat and sing it on the top of my lungs.
Me: Ah I see. Do you have anything available made of more traditional mate…
I was going to tweet that during the day but completely forgot!
People telling me to smile more are in my list of people that should disappear. Specially guys, they're complete assholes and dead for me...
Mnstr.
"We all search for higher ground when the world comes crashing down but I know nobody will come into the dark and save me."
Can I not face reality? Thank you.
"A lovely day to be tortured by dreams of you."
"We'll make all your dreams come true, come and claim your queen!"
"Not all knights in shinning armour can make you dreams come true."
"May your screams never cease."
"This is the last time we ever have to speak again!"
"Cries escape your sweet voice as I paint my own goodbye."
"Beautiful eyes are sewn shut, searing thread suffocates the light."
Whispers... "this is the part where you are supposed to scream."
THERE'S NO GUARANTEE WE'LL GET OUT ALIVE, SO STOP YOUR WHINING AND LET'S GET BUSY.
I went old school.
Now, a little Alesana for the soul.
I'M NOT IN LOVE, THIS IS NOT YOUR SONG. IT NOT GONNA WASTE THESE WORDS...
That song has been in my head since yesterday, and I finally heard in on my ipod. Hah!
"I'M NOT IN LOVE, THIS IS NOT MY HEART."
"These lines, so well rehearsed, tongue tied and over loaded. You never notice."
When a film has a Pink Floyd song I instantly like it more. Even if it's fucked up.
Can I just lay down and do nothing?
Have I mentioned that I'm done? With E V E R Y T H I N G...
They're going to be so close D: "@RobertDowneyJr: We want YOU for Team Avengers. #AgeOfUltron #Avengerpalooza 
@Josh_Wilding this is a good time to get some kind of super power, like sensitive hearing or something along those lines.
@edsheeran I feel you bro!
I love the guy that's smiling! "@NetherRealm: Fatality. #Fatal8 
—  Fernando Pessoa
Acabo de escuchar a una madre regañar a su hijo... "¡Kendo, no toques eso!" #mandafuegoseñor
Whenever @TheAcademyIs' About a Girl plays, in my head or my ipod, I feel as if I'm in a concert and need to sing it at the top of my lungs.
Mi abuelita :') 
@MaraWritesStuff also at El Salvador, gangs are called "Maras".
@MaraWritesStuff see my twitter name... hah!
@TFP_tweets that would be more than amazing!! :D
"We are in danger and I'm the one to blame."
"I hate the way you say my name, like it's something secret. My pen is the barrel of a gun, remind me which side you should be on..."
"The Pros and Cons of Breathing" one that is on the list of songs I'd love for the history of forever.
It's the first time in the semester that I'm here so early. It feels weird not being late.
Dead on arrival says "I know I'm not your favourite record" and now they have a song named "favourite record"... Ahahahahaha bye.
"Stop burning bridges, drive above them, so I can forget about you."
I'd give anything to go to the Confessions Tour and see @Alesana and @TFP_tweets D: being an ocean away is totally not fun at all.
Mostly 7, yes. XD "16 Specific Emotions Every Socially Awkward Person Has... 
"Galaxies welcome me inside."
"How long do we wait for salvation? Is it a sin to wonder? Get off your knees!"
I have a love/hate relationship with people I can't read. They intrigue me but at the same time frustrate me to no avail.
Can you not?
I'm so done. 
Okay. 
Bye.
*breaks bread* This is my body
*pours wine* This is my blood
*opens jar of mayo*
Judas: I'm gonna sto…

i'm showing you how close I am to losing my shit w/ you 
@crumpitout's AMA was yesterday?! I thought it was next Tuesday D: I blame physics...
2 weeks!!! @Alesana
Tengo que estudiar, tengo examen mañana y el jueves... pero creo que dormir es más importante.
"And I'm down, down hut definitely not out."

To improve my writing I was told to watch my punk 2 asians.

"Punctuation…
I'm so tired. I think sleeping everyday until 10 was a bad idea... D:
Suddenly, a lot of guys look like Delsin Rowe or they just own a red wine tinted beanie...
Noooooooooooooooooooo, tomorrow is back to the routine.
@JaredLeto you guys can do a whole album with dark themed songs?! Just like Northern Lights, Stranger in a Strange Land or Fantasy...
Oh little phone of mine, you could choose people that I don't see everyday to send random messages to... -.-'
I'm awkward and my phone is not helping. -.-' Ps. I'm not using the instant reply thingy any more. I guess that's what is acting weird.
It sent one of my lab partners a text that I sent to my best friend. Oh joy, this is so amazing. And I noticed it just now...
My phone has been acting up lately. Shutting down unexpectedly, sending double or blank texts but today it won the "Replace me" award...
Asumiré que "Jesús" resucitó, por los fourtracks y gente gritando en la calle... -.-'
"I've travelled near and far, raced with all the stars. Now alone I'll be, subtle tragedy."
"I'm terrified, I pull you near, making sure that you are real."
Drawing equipotential and field lines by hand can be a pain but the final result is beautiful.
hmm... I guess I should continue studying tomorrow. Spring break only has a few days left and those will go by fast... :/
"Infatuation has strangled me again. There's no resisting the tangled web of your secret fantasy."
"So it seems that we were nothing."
@SETIInstitute A Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy.
"Can I hold you closer and drown in your dreams? I promise fantasies can be more than words that we have buried alive."
"Hush sweet baby don’t say a word. I’m ignoring destiny for reasons I can’t tell you."
@yosoyungamer despues de hoy creo cualquier cosa...
The new song... THE NEW SONG! That is all. I am speechless. Just 21 days :') @Alesana
Two days in a row, I can't. The fangirl inside of me is dead. Hah!
I cannot agree more on the second part.  Guest Blog: Alesana Tour Diary, Part 1 
Voting ends tomorrow (and the constant tweets), @Alesana_Army  we need to keep this up. @Alesana is number one again! 
@CabaretRunaway yes! People tell me I'm weird because I also say that "there's beauty in chaos and insanity".
And by favourites, I meant favourited*
Shawn Milke favourites my tweet. :'D I'm on cloud nine...
Fangirling. Bye.
"Desire begging me not to go."
(We should all be more like dogs) 
"I might be surrounded by insanity but I am not insane."
@RevivalRecs @Alesana_Army  @Alesana has fallen behind. Only hours left, vote! 
And keep caring on, those tweets were to get the thoughts out of my mind. Nothing else.
Or spend the whole day making a lab report that is due in two weeks. I don't understand, honestly... but it is like that.
I do nothing at all, leave everything literally to the last minute or ask the teacher if I can bring it in late (usually bringing nothing).
In the next tweets I will describe the weird ways I do my school work...
Fixed my ipod. :')
The thing I enjoy the most about the new DmC is the music. So good, I cannot get enough of it. It just suits the mood perfectly.
We did it! @Alesana is first again. Vote!

@ElGiga947 woo, go Dante! Sería super brutal activar el Devil Trigger para un Fatality y que deje salir todo su "angst". XD
I missed @dennydiablo's AMA! :(
"Time is mocking me and now I'm fighting gravity. I'm destroying me, colliding worlds will set you free."
This interview pretty much sums up why I admire @ShawntheMilke 
One Direction's fangirls are against @SatansTongue because he made a joke... build a bridge and get over it...
What a coincidence!! #lifeonmars #davidbowie #mars 
I am fangirling so hard right now. You have no idea.
@crumpitout good! Ps. I don't really hate you.
@crumpitout @Alesana I hate you! D:
When I run into people I went to Highschool with and they say hello I get to the conclusion that maybe I was the asshole.
I hate iTunes 12 with a passion...
D: I just remembered my iPod got fucked up last night and just because I wanted to sync the @CabaretRunaway songs I bought. :(
@RevivalRecs the song will help us vote 'till our fingers bleed xD
I have to say, I'm in love with you guys all over again. Wish I had a time machine right now. @Alesana
"Goodbye my everything."
"Excuse me, are you a maniac?... I am, and I'm okay with that."
Now I'm even more excited for the album. :') and I've only heard half of the song. @Alesana
Woah, Oh! The email has arrived, the download has started. @Alesana :D
Zayn left One Direction. My day has been horrible today. My baby...
@Peezeethemadcap @Alesana D: can't wait xD
Vote for @Alesana! Another band is catching up... @RevivalRecs  
Just because I wanted to sync a song I bought...
I left my iPod synchronising while I slept and I thought it put all the songs back. Turns out it only has 5... oh joy.
And now I've been waiting hours for iTunes to load them back. At least I had them in my computer.
Life's so great. I took my iPod to listen to some music and turns out it erased all songs... amazing! #firstworldproblems
Vote for @Alesana! 
Y no estoy siendo sarcástica. De verdad me cae bien.
Ay, el Papa me cae bien. Su sentido del humor me encantaa.
Zelda all the way! "@HotTopic: The Legend of Zelda or The Little Mermaid? 
¿Qué le pasó a Lourdes Stephen en el pelo? ¿Tiene un "mid-life crisis"? Parece un dubi...
Can it be Wednesday? New Alesana single :')
I can't. Why are you everywhere? XD and also Nolan... hah... to think that he is going to be so close… 
Ya era hora. Estoy tan feliz, después de todo hay esperanza en la isla.
It was a dream... a motherfucking dream. It felt so real. Hah!
Es que me encanta @jayfonsecapr, cada vez que termina un segmento sarcasticamente (basicamente todo el tiempo). Me acuerda a mi xD
Pregunta seria. ¿Cuando las mujeres que usan "dubi" tienen el pelo suelto? Me imagino que debe ser espectacular...
This is too cute. "@CollectorCorps: Second hint! Sign up today at 
A really serious question. The reason why Kellin Quinn's voice is so high is because his pants are too tight or something along that line?
Do they even pay attention to my attire? It's mostly band merch... hah!
When people ask me what I listen to, I answer: "mostly rock" and then they ask me, what are your favourite bands and I just stare and laugh.
Reflection and Symmetry. #trainstation #symmetry #reflection #urban 
"It doesn't matter it's all just to save you."
"Now could you kindly cut to the chase? It's like some other song, pretty, but something's always wrong..."
"Watch as the worlds... Collide into themselves"
"I'm underlying as we speak, hiding my face among the weak."
"Erase this face. In constant search for everything."
"To find ourselves lost here within, we need the reasons why. So we take this bridge with the other's that will thrive in the great divide.
"A silent song that's in your words."
"Unity divides. Division will unite."
"Innocence is out of style."
"I know you know enough to say. I know you know enough to play a game."
"I was almost there, just a moment away from becoming unclear. Ever get the feeling you're gone?"
It been a while since I listened to @30SECONDSTOMARS' Self-Titled. I had forgotten how amazing it is. Also, damn accurate...
Basically me this last few weeks.
"I am not here, I'm not listening. I'm in my head and I'm spinning."
I hate/love this sudden moments of epiphany... My head somehow started singing Fallen by 30stm and it's so accurate...
What was Martin Luther King Jr. most famous for? Jamie?

"Advancements in civil rights?"

And...

"Dreaming?"
…
@Moluskein hace tiempo no me reía tanto. En eso gastan su tiempo los policías...
a young boy
my father 
took me 
into the city
to see a marching band
but they unexpectedly broke up
hE SAID
SON…
Woops, turns out he also likes DMC. XD
And damn, my head's about to explode. I don't know why it hurts so much.
Oh my god... One of my lab partners just tried to outsmart me while talking about Dante. Bitch, please, I know my baby pretty well.
My life, specially 3 "@ThoughtCatalog: 5 Stages Every Shy Person Experiences When They’re Asked To Speak 
"Blame all my mistakes on the black ink that's in my veins."
@theivoryartist on repeat. @crumpitout I cannot get over how beautiful this song is. 

Sounds good, I'll have the spiders.

"Excellent, sir. And to drink?"

Coke…
Closed. #nofilter #windows #rustic 
Well, my mind drifted off in Physics and this is the outcome... #bioshock #nofilter #circusofvalues… 
The days when I think my hair will look awful is the days when it looks better...
I just found the perfect description. It is difficult to put to words but this sums it up.… 
I know I'm way too sarcastic sometimes, well most of the time, but if not I wouldn't be myself. I am sorry. x)
Babies... :'o
[POLAR BEAR turns over table, breaks door on his way out]
@eonline dhow? xD
Ella tiene buenas ideas, pero se le va a hacer muy cuesta arriba.
Pobre Lcda. Lúgaro, no la dejan hablar. Y eso, que solo está empezando... Que se prepare, le van a hacer la vida de cuadritos.
@theivoryartist @crumpitout The song is amazing. I can't wait to listen to the EP. Your voice was a pleasant surprise.
You want to keep a cat still? Put a cellphone on his belly. XD #armin #babyarmin #cat #orangetabby… 
"what happened to the wifi"
Satan: you died you're in hell
"that's not what I asked"
Satan: ok the…
@crumpitout mee! x)
Just a day away from the new @Alesana single and @theivoryartist debut. :D
I can't, okay? "@BillNye: No treble was present when this photo was taken. @Meghan_Trainor 
I just order my "Confessions" Mega Bundle. I am so happy :') @Alesana I can't wait. -36 days :D
He went away!!!!!!!!!
In all seriousness, can this guy shut up?

THOMAS JEFFERSON: Great idea. Did you get that?

YODA (ta…
Voy a ver a @kanygarcia y a @Tommy_Torres. :')
@H0pe_Lost no problem :)
@H0pe_Lost did you go here? 
I also wish to see this song in the game. @RevivalRecs @Alesana @Alesana_Army Let's flood the page with requests. xD 
@TFP_tweets @RevivalRecs no problem :)
Let's do this!! @TFP_tweets also with other bands from @RevivalRecs! 
@petewentz baby, I thought you were Miley Cyrus. For some reason I didn't see your name or your profile picture. #thehorror
@HamboPR @ElGiga947 el juego está brutal. Devil May Cry es una de mis series favoritas y me alegra que la hayan revivido.
@HamboPR @ElGiga947 Yo estaba igual. Quería al viejo Dante, pero después de jugar DmC me di cuenta que sólo había cambiado su físico.
Emptiness. #coliseum #emptychairs #colour #soundcheck 
@trohman I also had spine surgery. All I can say is get a lot of rest and walk.It worked better than pain killers. :)
Bueno que le pase a Rodner, es un prepotente.
Baby... "@IGN: Master #DmC: Devil May Cry Definitive Edition: 
haha nice 
*dog starts barking Pitull songs*
oh god no what have I done
@Christian_Pagan definitivamente estas bien al garete #yolo xD
@TIFF_NET my baby Armin. #justforcats 
This is beautiful. "@abandonedpics: Church in Detroit that's seen better days 
• (it looks better b&amp;w) #nofilter #circles #pattern #urban 
• #blackandwhite #pattern #circles #metal #urban 
Why are people so scared of rain... it's just water...
Esta clase de Cálculo es eterna...
I also need my @TFP_tweets fix. D: life without headphones is a sad life.
Left my ipod at home... D: I wanted to listen to @iamfoxes' album.
Baby...
Wow, naturales esta progresando. Hay proyectores y pantallas en los salones... plus, están pintando (which is not amusing)
People don't know how to appreciate art, honestly. A performance artist on the train, it's free, enjoy it, don't make fun of it.
Once I stop caring about something, anything, it's really difficult to get my attention back to it. I honestly don't give a fuck.
"My blood is a flood of rubies, precious stones."
I enjoy listening to @lordemusic. It's not my typical type of music but there's beauty in simplicity.
"In all chaos there's calculation."
You know... I should go to sleep...
I love Hozier and the song... but come on, that's hello funny.
I hope you had a very awesome birthday! And that you continue celebrating it all week! @NeilEngle
ＴＨＥ ＯＮＥ ＷＨＯ ＣＨＯＳＥＮＯＮＥ
Highlight of my week... no tengo lab el jueves!!!
-Nah I'm lazy, so I just read the book
@AltPress über photoshop...

Priest: tell me your sin

Me: Opposite over Hypotenuse
@MerchBucket @Alesana if I order the mega bundle... can the shirts be one size and the sweatshirt another?
What I like about Jared's perspective of the Joker is that it will be more like the one in the video games.
"Me siento super segura con este examen, creo que voy a salir bien." Nota: F.... Fuck this shit, how?!
Jared's hair now reminds me of the fight club days xD
Caramba,hace bien poquito tiempo terminaron de restaurar el mármol en el Capitolio. El edificio no tiene culpa de nada...
...me pregunta "eres rockera?". Le digo "se puede decir que si." y me dice "tu estas loca." Okayy then...
El tipo que me acaba de cobrar en Walgreens me pregunta "te pintaste la mitad del pelo azul?". Le contesto riéndome "si"...
Te juro que mataría a mi lab partner si no fuera ilegal... hizo su parte del reporte en español y es en inglés. D:
Okay, so I crashed last night. It's been a while since I've fallen asleep without noticing.
@Life_of_Shane I've never had this experience, perhaps never will (I live way too far). But it really makes me happy that they do this.
@Alesana I just noticed I had a typo xD i wrote "its" instead of "it".
"I can just die laughing on your spiral of shame."
@Alesana this I love. Its is worth the money because it's not just a "Hello" and a picture.
I just found a Super Metal Fan. #metalfan #hxc #hardcore #metal #fan 
Damn, I just handed in my exam and I remember how to do the problem I left blank... Oh joy!
Ahahahahahahahahaha 
@JaredLeto is himself again. I like him like that!
I cannot careless of what you think. Yes, I'm weird. It's part of what makes me, me.
Sometimes I am really sorry for doing that but most of the times, I'm not. You asked and that's the answer you'll get.
I have a very dark side and it surprises and disturbs people. Also, since I tend to over-analyse everything, I kill hopes and beliefs.
Dancing in the rain, I guess.
Today I decided to take only my zip-up hoodie... it's raining like crazy here. Just my luck.
Usually when it's raining where I live, I go out with a warm hoodie. When I get to the U, the sky is clear as if it was a summer day.
One of the things I hope is that Kingdom Hearts 3, since it's delayed, pays some sort of tribute to Mr. Nimoy.
I'm getting real tired of people constantly telling me that I know everything. I don't. The things I do know are because I pay attention.
 
-William Shatner 
@grimmers it is blue and black. If your change you phone's or computer settings to seeing inverted colours, you'll see it white and gold.
Now we need to look for Genesis though. He might be out there somewhere as Spock...
Live Long and Prosper.
I always said that when I grew up I wanted to be like you. I feel as if someone from my family died. RIP Leonard Nimoy, you will be missed.
So many important things going on around the world and people are loosing their shit over a dress. This is why I swear I'm not human...
I just logged on here and everyone is talking about a dress. What the fuck?! Can someone explain?
#iwant "@AgentM: How about that @Iron_Man #Avengers #AgeOfUltron poster, eh??? So rad. 
Honestly, I thought fans were more grateful when the artists they like take their time to interact with them...
@RevivalRecs @Alesana yay! There are pre-order bundles for "Confessions". That makes me so happy! :D
@RevivalRecs thanks! I thought I was real late.
I totally forgot about the @RevivalRecs' #AMA D:
Los martes son libres... D: mañana es lunes...
Honestly, people might think I'm crazy but I just want to talk to myself. Is it that bad?
I finally won a star in my Physics 2 Class. I am so happy. All because I read the chapter ahead of time... what I should've done always. xD
"All My Circuits" by @TFP_tweets is so amazing.
Hay este único profesor de matemáticas que se cree que esta bien bueno. Por dios tipo, bajale 30 al ego.
I can't even breathe because it hurts... Damn it.
My back wasn't hurting as bad as yesterday until now. Fuck, today is going to be a long day... I feel like crying.
I feel powerful. #batman #converse #nofilter 
I love @RonnieRadke. Okay, bye.
Is it me or Splat's Aqua Rush smells like blueberries?

remember

"many a 
far-off object 
shining

calls
you." 
The "Irresistible" video i amazing. It is the reason why I love @falloutboy so much xD
Prove I need new ones... problem is I don't want to move one. #converse #nofilter 
I guess I need a new pair of converse. I have these since I started highschool. A good ol' 7 years.… 
"My mouth is dry, with words I cannot verbalize."
"I find more comfort in knowing that nothing is ever as it seems."
Walking Contradiction. (I finally found a vending machine with Coca-Cola! Ps. They don't taste Sea… 
"You were begging for beginning. I was pleading for the end."
"Beg for air, now, that's the spirit!"
My fascination with haunting vocals, candlelit churches and people dressed in black is covered with the Lay Me Down video. I love @SamSmith!
And I need to stop ending the things I say with "Bye". xD
Sometimes, I daydream I sing and perform my favourite songs at stages and with theatrical looking outfits. Bye.
Alesana is life. Okay? Bye!
All my Tuesdays are free except for the next one and @RevivalRecs  is having an #AMA with Shawn. D: I hope it is at I time a can join.
Ese momento cuando no sabes si estás repitiendo una camisa. No es que me importe mucho, pero still. XD
Crees en la existencia de Dios cuando estas haciendo un trabajo en la guagua y terminas justo antes de que de un frenazo de madre.
I'm in love, and this is just a "strand test". #aquarush #nofilter #splat #blue #turquoise 
Patterns. #nofilter #purse #art 
La ignorancia es algo horrible. Debe de haber una enseñanza con Perspectiva de Género para evitar este tipo manifestaciones y personas.
Antonio Orozco y David Bisbal juntos en una canción. I am dying!!
@BryanStars yes. With a heart attack...
Babies &lt;3
@CapnDesDes and Beyoncé?
Molly is blue.
The card Sherlock gave her
wasn't what she'd looked forward to…
#221BeMine 
Oh, Happy Hypocrisy Day! :)
Do you sometimes send a text and after a few minutes think "did I send it to the right person?" and have a mini heart attack? xD

Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Literally, I spend 30 mins just struggling to get up."@BryanStars: me everyday 
I pre-ordered Majora's Mask, but did not get anything. @GameStop I thought I'd get a poster or something. It's been pre-ordered since day 1.
"You've met with a terrible fate, haven't you?" #LoZ #LegendofZelda #MajorasMask #Fridaythe13th 
And that made my day. And even week after it being hell.
Welp, I can't help it. I'm really excited.
@xLEEJENNINGSx but it's the truth! Also thanks for replying, you have made my day. :) &lt;3
I'm trying not to fangirl. Okay... :D
"If it's any consolation, I regret what I have done."
"Reader, oh reader, it pains me to say the ink on the pages the blood in my veins, the story can't go on without you."
"I locked up my heart inside a box, and threw away the key."
"Yes, it's true. You look better in black, and blue."
@xLEEJENNINGSx I love your voice. Okay, bye.
And I meant "a punto"
Babies &lt;3 "@AlexAllTimeLow: Lads. photo: @elmakias 
Sí el tren es un lugar cerrado, con poca ventilación, ¿Porque carajos de pintas las uñas adentro? Estoy apunto de una intoxicación...
It's Friday the 13th. Let the fun begin.
"You've met with a terrible fate, haven't you?"

#PorAhiVieneLaIndepende…
Have I said how much I hate Pepsi? Yes? Well I'll say it forever.
I've been listening to "For the Dearly Departed" non-stop for a few days and keep falling more and more in love with @TFP_tweets.
Well, I do have a problem. I feel ready for tests, I even help people understand and bam, I go blank...
@PerezHilton or maybe both...
Exhaustion just kicked in...
"A person is alright but people never done a good thing."
@PatrickStump's "Soul Punk" should've been more recognized. It's so good, but so underrated. :(
Oh Kanye, you don't change.
Routine. #blackandwhite #everyday #bus 
I am D Y I N G... okay bye. 
@RyanCabrera I agree completely
Taylor Swift is also so beautiful. So much beautiful together makes me want to hate myself. XD
Hozier is so beautiful. Damn it.
Kanye is me.
Also it was really creepy, I was passing a Little Sister, she looked at me with those creepy eyes and bam, everything shut down.
I played BioShock last night and did a shit load of things. It didn't save automatically. I started playing it now and the power went out.
Clever little result. #physics #vectors #calculator #sorryforthenerdypost 
"So fucking hungry" cannot even express how hungry I am.
"The chemicals will bring you hone again."
"We fell in love and now we're both alone."
After Pure Heroine... a little Pierce The Veil goes well.
"Only bad people live to see their likeness set in stone."
"It drives you crazy getting old."
"Living in ruins of a palace within my dreams."
"The way they are, the way they seem is something else, it's in the blood."
"Maybe the Internet raised us, or maybe people are jerks."
"We gladiate but I guess we're really fighting ourselves."
"Chance is the only game I play with, baby. We let our battles choose us."
"Nothing's wrong but nothing's true."
"We might be hollow, but we're brave."
"We're bigger than we ever dreamed, and I'm in love with being queen."
"It's a new art form showing people how little we care."
Yo, todos los jueves. 
Now, in all seriousness, why would someone name their child Dick?
Simplicity (I love the camera on my phone, okay... bye.) #nofilter #z10 #BlackBerry #nature 
"Success is nothing if you have no one there left to share it with."
To the guy with the keys... Stop moving them, it makes me think the professor arrived.
So yeah, I guess I'm nice and I just have the most horrible perspective of myself.
@30STMVOTE I am the same as him, if I say something is because it's genuine.
I'm put my ipod away and I shouldn't have. The classroom is far too loud for my liking.
Do I really seem that nice? I feel like I'm a horrible person most of the time. A bit of an asshole you could say.
Ed Sheeran is so amazing. Whenever "I See Fire" pops up on shuffle, I die a little inside. That song just messes horribly with my feelings.
Hearing his voice makes me literally sick. It's something really weird. I've tried giving SWS a chance but I can't stand him or his voice.
Kellin Quinn is the Justin Bieber of Alt. Rock... I can't stand his voice. It's repulsive, quite literally.
Obsessed with #crossyroad and the Dragon. #ineedalife 
@billboard @adamlambert yeah, it's a great album but I guess the idol hype helped the first one.
"Actually his full name is Bill New Year's Eve the Science Guy"
I had forgotten how good is "It's Over When It's Over" the only thing I don't like is the tittle... xD
I cannot wait for @FIROfficial's new album. Only two songs out and they are amazing...
I live how they are people that treat abandoned dogs as their own/ as they should be treated. This is… 
He's really sweet though.
My TA is so weird. He says 100 words per second and want everyone to be friends and exchange numbers. How about no?...
As the ground vanishes I wonder, will the sky be the next who fail me?
Will I ever be able to sleep at night?
The Emptiness will haunt you...
¿Porque Georgie Navarro se pica? Nadie a dicho que es el. XD
"Until we're saints just swimming in our sins, again."


"I've never told a lie, and that makes me a liar."
I will never get over how amazingly beautiful "Jet Pack Blues" is...
Bury me 'till I confess.
That song was made to sing at the top of your lungs.
IT WAS THE FOURTH OF JULY. YOU AND I WERE FIRE, FIRE, FIREWORKS THAT WENT OFF TOO SOON...
Se me olvido decir esto cuando vi a Jovani Vázquez en TV... no le deseo mal, pero ojalá y el cantazo le arregle el cerebro...
Me encanta @_AbrahamMarti_ &lt;3 x)
I did not know that Demi Lovato had black and blue hair. I swear we're connected xD I want her hair now.
I hate this time of year... so much hearts and love and hypocrisy is sickening.
I know Pepsi is cheaper but, come on, it doesn't kill to have a vending machine that has Coca-Cola... I hate Pepsi... :( #firstworldproblems
I hate being the one on the front seat... and even worse, right in front of the desk.
"When the city goes silent, the ringing in my ears gets violent."
"You’ll find your way and may death find you alive."
@BryanStars they're breaking up? :D
@ashleylaughbox and that's even better! They cannot be ignored, sooner or later we all fall. x)
@ashleylaughbox I guess my obsession with 1D is getting out again. XD
So, I watched the "Night Changes" video. I'm so done. That is all. 
@GameStop I just got a call from what appears to be your number, I answered but got no reply.
"Why is the Xbox logo an 'x' in a sphere, and not an 'x' in a box..." #randomthought #imnotcrazy xD
My mood went from "I hate everything." to "The world is beautiful and amazing." when I learnt I don't have lab today!
Cuando se va a Subway, hay que andar con otra muda de ropa... para que te cambies cuando salgas. #thestench
...un sandwich de atún. wow gracias.
Me acaban de decir en Subway que no tenían Atún. Me siento con algo que en realidad no quiero comer y a la que entro ahora le dieron...
God bless all of you now, 'cause I'm going straight to hell. And I'm taking you there with me, 'cause you know damn well.
Losing it, look at Zayn's hair in that motherfucking picture, okay?! Damn it.
"The best part of believe is the lie. I hope you sing along and steal a line."
"Sophomore Slump or Comeback of the Year"... Can I scream this song while listening to it on the train? No? Okay :'(
Oh Highschool, I don't miss you at all.
I used to be so emo... oh my god. The horror and the memories brought to you by @falloutboy's FUTCT...
So, wear me like a locket around your throat. I'll weigh you down, I'll watch you choke. You look so good in blue.
Whenever I listen to any of these songs I just want to sing them at the top of my lungs.
I've got headaches and bad luck, but they couldn't touch you.
A "From Under the Cork Tree" kind of day. I miss those days but my babies and me are all grown up and that's all that matters. I guess.
Kill me... bah.
The world's so small. Or I should say, Puerto Rico... maybe just the UPRRP.
Los pasillos de Naturales apestan a pintura, pero no noto ninguna diferencia...
Well, I like the record. Love a few songs but it still needs to grow on me.
Honey I only appear so I can fade away.
Wait, I hadn't listened to Twin Skeletons... I am losing my shit here. the song is amazing. D': Damn
I am the sand in the bottom half of the hourglass.
You can get what you want but it’s never enough.
I wish I'd known how much you loved me. I wish I cared enough to know.
Take this sideshow and all its freaks and turn it into the silver screen dream.
I’m just a problem that doesn’t want to be solved, so could you please hold your applause.
Novocaine is also another song I love. I can listen to it all day. Hah!
Jet Pack Blues is my favourite song, hands down. So amazing. It reminds me of the good ol' days of metaphorical Fall Out Boy lyrics.
Waiting for me in the downpour outside, she’s singing “Baby come home” in a melody of tears while the rhythm of the rain keeps time.
I slept in last night’s clothes and tomorrow’s dreams, but they’re not quite what they seem.
Maybe I bit off more than I could chew and overhead of the aqua blue.
And as we're drifting off to sleep all those dirty thoughts of me, they were never yours to keep, keep.
You take the full, full truth, then you pour some out.
The good thing about starting yesterday is that I have @falloutboy's new record and I can listen to it on my way to the U.
Más, estoy en esos días y no soporto a ningún ser.
Además, no estoy mentalmente preparada. Mi mente está todavía en vacaciones y en dormir mucho.
Nunca había faltado un primer día, pero hoy solo tenia una clase plus estoy enferma.
Van a cerrar el GameStop de Manatí... no me gusta el de Barceloneta. D': &lt;/3
Hah! The memories, I used to listen to them everyday when I was in 8th-9th grade.. wow I need to get @iamghostmusic songs on my ipod again.
So this means that I Am Ghost is reuniting or something. This makes me so happy.

2015 
Maybe i'll get it done again, just not purple. Maybe blue, aqua to be exact. And professionally.
I didn't feel comfortable with how it turns out but looking at the pictures had made me realize it didn't look half bad.
And you know what?! I miss it.
I was looking through old instagram pictures and I just noticed that almost a year ago I had purple-ish pink hair...
"Hello! My name is Suzy and I love soda crackers. I love them so much that I sometimes just like to… 
A lawyer named Joseph Laws exist... xD
Dear Mr. @PatrickStump your voice in "Jet Pack Blues" does miracles... it's just plain amazing. Damn!
This year, Coachella's line up is more than amazing... D':
I don't want to start school...
Can I say I'm obsessed with @falloutboy's "Uma Thurman"?! Can it be the 20th of January right now?! But just so the record is out...
@falloutboy guys, the song is #1!! 
Maripily acaba de decir "Atún de Pollo" #matenla #nooooo
I got scared...
But a little girl was there, wondering around the village and I couldn't interact with her. I couldn't aim anything nor push her...
I decided to play AC3 to see where I left. I went to Kanatahséton to see how it was after the fire and I found a guy that said he was alone.
@ATTCustomerCare will the Passport be available in red or is it just going to be black because that's the only color of the exclusive?
I didn't know that Destiny had an open-world kind of thing where you could see your character... I'm loving it even more.
Which shade of lipstick... #firstworldproblems #destiny 
"Why haven't I played Destiny yet?" you ask... I can't get past the character creator screen... so much choices... too much beautifulness.
@Patty_diFussa cómo todos los años xD
If you want to be rich and famous: 1) become a pastor and build a church, or 2)become an astrologer and make ambiguous predictions...
Every time I hear a new track from the new @falloutboy record, I fall more in love with it.
@chrisymas good for you, love! :)
Cliché forever!
Also happy New Year to all of you guys. I hope 2015 brings experiences you can learn from and memories to remember. :)
People be like, "last -insert shit here- of 2014!"...
Dear RadioShack, I think you'd know better... a wii and an Xbox remote. #wii #xbox #RadioShack 
@ElBlogiante también pienso eso, mientras los tuve sonreía sin enseñar los dientes.
Me and my sister playing Dead Space: Okay, Okayy... What the actual fuck is happening?!!
@Christian_Pagan creo que debería subirle, sino estaría más frío... no? x)
@DaveCTE I am tweeting you like the obedient fellow I am... xD are we friends now?
My birthday present... does this mean I'm a grown up now? #birthday #shoes #highheels 
I did not get @Alesana merch but with the birthday money I will surely buy some. :D
You know you've grown up when your mother buys you high heels as a birthday present.
Johannes Kepler was born on December 27 also... I guess that's why I was meant to be an Astrophysicist...
Today is my birthday but it doesn't feel like it at all.
The Playstation is my sister's not mine but I got really mad at the fact it was broken.
@playstation ...box wasn't going to affect the product inside because it was "protected". It wasn't...
@playstation ...that makes it really cheap and the way it broke so easily even more. The guy that sold it to me said that the beat up...
@playstation ...is not the way to go. Use foam or something that can brace impacts. It makes me think that it isn't worthy of the $400...
@playstation this is really unfair. My PS4 was broken because the lining inside is not protective at all. Paying $400 for cardboard...
I also saw a few white hairs in his head, so I hope it changes throughout the game. :D
I hated the cut scene with the white wig. It reminded me why I wouldn't play it... I loved how it looked on him though.
I bought the new DmC because it was only $10. It's amazing, the fighting is awesome and Dante is still himself, except for the hair. XD
Wild idea... Covers of Christmas Songs by @RevivalRecs bands. Like Hayley Williams said, we need more heavy Christmas songs. xD
Games take forever to download but at least I can play while it downloads.
Merry Christmas, I guess.
I was going to use it as a poster...
My mother decided it was a good idea to fold the Assassin's Creed cover the box had on the side the Characters are... :|
Will sound like a spoiled brat but I can never have nice things...
I got an Xbox One!! But the TV in my room doesn't work :( Still :D #xboxone #assassinscreed 
I got an Xbox One BUT... my TV doesn't work, awesome...
Prezzies!! :D #presents #Christmas #holidays 
@GabrielSaporta I guess it doesn't like Spanish...
I think the question should be... "Can I have @RevivalRecs bands for Christmas?" no? okay...
@ConcertWeirdos just dont...
@TheFuneralChris I know the feel bro, I went through that phase also...
Please watch this video. @Megosh and me will appreciate it :) 
I just don't feel as if tomorrow is Christmas Eve.
When you stop being a child, Christmas days become less special. It's just decorations and parties, nothing else. The spark is gone.
@ashleylaughbox ¡Felicidades! Espero que la hayas y/o la sigas pasando super en tu día. :)
And I meant "retweets" on the last tweet.
57 seconds and @Real_Liam_Payne already has 14k retreats and 19k favourites... 
I am teaching myself a few languages... starting with Japanese. I can do it!
@Alesana you guys always make my bad days instantly better. Thanks &lt;3
@ParanormalKid98 tell me about it. We're still young though.
Now my mind is at ease. I have not been sleeping well this semester. Knowing I passed has made me reach my inner peace again.
I need to step up my motherfucking game though. I'm being way to lazy lately and I think that's killing me slowly.
But whatever. What's already done cannot be reversed.
I was scared of my grades and tried to avoid them... turns out they weren't as bad as I thought they'd be but they're bad still...
In exactly a week I turn 21... all I want is an @Alesana hoodie or money to order one. xD #priorities
Hah! Priorities. XD
And two Darkrai... :'D happy forever!
I have a Shiny Genesect... :')
Mr. Cash por poco tumba un señor por no dejar su guille.
@Aidy103 mjm, lo bueno es que siguen haciendo musica.
"That silver-haired dreamboat..."
@RevivalRecs sorry for the repetition, I had to finish the phrase xD
@RevivalRecs "Lounging around at home with all of @Alesana" sounds like the perfect Christmas present! x)
I like seeing "psychics" because they are really great at making people confused to convince convince them.
"With smiles and open arms, we all embrace the underdog!"
"I guess that I will never know exactly what they see in you"
That's pretty cool but I miss Dante's white hair!!!!!
"Not every liar has a story."
"And sometimes I just want to sit around and gaze at my shoes." literally my life 24/7
I grew to love them and get over the little details I didn't like. Just like everything should be in life... learning to cope.
I had the same "feeling" before hearing Mars' latest album in its entirety, so I'm not judging that bad. Also happened with Paramore.
Problem with my babies... I love the sound, it's really late 80s/early 90s but the vocals... too worked up. Still love @falloutboy though.
@TFP_tweets :D
@TFP_tweets wooo! A full length album perhaps? :D
@TFP_tweets amazing EP, honestly! Can't wait to hear more. &lt;3
Finally I have @TFP_tweets's EP on my iPod!! :D 
When I get tired of what I have now, which I am, I will go back to ombré and weird colours.
I miss my ombré hair. :|
XD I like those little blocks a lot now... hahahhaha
This reminds me of Pink Floyd and so fucked up, it's awesome! 
"Fatima Rusalka" turned one yesterday... :o
One of the things that still bother me about ORAS... Where's my casino? Why close it?! D:
@JULIANNEHOPE that's the cutest thing ever!
Tales told by dead friends.
You can tell I have finished the semester because my fave looks relaxed and I'm not being bitch-y. Hah!
"We will bring the tidal wave."
"How does it feel? Well it feels like I'm on fire."
They are annoying as fuck.
Those thoughts that come sporadically but don't want to leave as easy as they appeared...
Oh my god, Patrick Stump is going to be a judge in a singing competition and I once wrote fan-fiction related to it (never published it)..
Wish I could go tomorrow to @Alesana's show but I'm an ocean away... D:
@Patty_diFussa típico.
Que @kanygarcia estuvo en Ciales y yo no me enteré... D:
Odio los anuncios de Libertypr... si no son "outdated", son racistas...
@billboard but she is a cliché...
Last night I dreamt Stephen King and @Alesana had put together a beautifully gore musical. It was bloody amazing (pun intended).
Lo de las fotos de Topy en TV y Novelas estuvo de más, honestamente.
Is Kyogre Shiny locked in Alpha Sapphire?! I really need to know!
It's finally in my hands! :') #kingdomhearts #ii.5 #disney #ps3 
"And if I go insane, will you still let me join in with the game?"
Am I the only one that sees a cow and thinks of Pink Floyd and starts singing "If"?
Jared is going to be the Joker... I'm happy and sad..
@Alesana I love each one but I can wait to hear/see A Lunatic's Lament and Congratulations, I Hate You. &lt;3

Me: 'No, I can't fax because of where I live'

Them: 'Where do you live?'

Me: 'The 21st …
Y ahora todo el mundo amaba a Topy Mamery y lo encontraba "un hombre excepcional". #mereee
Wow, Topy Mamery murió. Super inesperado.
Now Turmoil was good way to describe life. But I guess it goes better with Despair.
"There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark."
It's my last day though.
I always do the same thing. Stay awake late sleep like 2 hours or so and the regret it. Bah...
Another thing to love about ORAS... you don't have to fly to the closest city of a route! You can fly to the route... just like it should.
@Alesana said they'd release a new song in December... they never said a date and December starts tomorrow. :o
This is late but... I'm thankful because tomorrow is my last day of class in this Semester.
Lo bueno de que Tito El Bambino sea "maleante" es que no hay canción de Navidad este año. #win
Alone is what I have. Alone protects me.
After a million years I noticed that I had "Aspiring" spelt incorrectly in my bio...
Awkwardness activated...
I AM SORRY.
It's just I don't know if I should say what I thought. I battle with myself, hours pass and I notice when I open the text to reply...
Thinking of a response to a text message 4 hours later after you receive it... should I answer? I swear I'm not ignoring anyone.
My stylish little hairdo brought to you by broken Xmas Ornaments... #xmas #bow #purple #halfandhalf… 
Jude Law with long hair. 'nuff said. Bye.
I'm thankful for Coquito with Nutella.
@Real_Liam_Payne "they" are always going to say something. Don't pay attention to that. If you are true to yourself, nothing else matters.
Someone... anyone? They haven't been this noisy past years... why today? D:
THEY TURNED THE VOLUME UP!! D:
I went to sleep at two last night because of a test I have... Shut up dudes, it hurts my brain!!
And it cannot be at a later hour... they always start about 5 am and basically they're not singing they are screaming into a microphone.
Today is a day for giving thanks, sleeping and eating... not waking up people at this hour. I hate the religious cult that sings every year.
Do I look like a girl now? (I look as if I have Kim Possible lips) #selfie #halfandhalf 
I'm going to start straightening my hair more often... like I used to do when I was in highschool...
I explored Mauville City completely... I was ready to battle Wally when suddenly my 3DS restarts itself. I didn't save the game!!! D:
I like how there's a model of ship in the Oceanic Museum at Slateport that says "new ship coming to Unova region in -- years." :D
XD my priorities are amazing.
I need an Alesana jacket... technically merch. They're one of my favourite bands and I have nothing :o
@Christian_Pagan al igual con cualquier forma de expresar el arte, pero es mejor así porque se pueden considerar una epifanía.
My math professor is so responsible it hurts... (yes, I am being sarcastic)
My test got cancelled... yay... NOT -.-
New @falloutboy album! The money I get for Christmas is to pre-order it!! I'm not going to miss the jacket (if there is one) like last time!
After I take this test today I'm "free" for at least two weeks... I can play the hell out of AC Rogue, Smash Bros. and Alpha Sapphire! :')
"I'm the best worst thing that hasn't happened to you yet."
Why do I keep convincing myself that today is Wednesday... it is Monday for fucks sakes.
I deleted the last tweet because i wrote food twice xD
Their accents, and Zayn... okay bye
Thank you Pitbull!! "Not all Latinos all mexican." but you shouldn't be a host.
Whenever I see something Movember related I think of @Megoshband instantly... xD
The thing I like about T. Swift is that she finally accepted she is a Pop star not country...
@30SECONDSTOMARS new to Mars? Introduce them to older songs...
"@BryanStars: Fall Out Boy 
Some @Alesana fans are being really clever with their responses... xD
"Darling will you please take a walk with me? We can count the stars that disappear..."
@Alesana hell yeah! x)
"Frigid air leaves me breathless."
Today is one of those days that everything makes me have a smile on my face. #happy #nostalgia #ORAS… 
Now... which Pokémon should I choose...
Aaaaah, Alpha Sapphire's beginning is really nostalgic and so beautiful. :')
@Moluskein no puedoooo!! Jajajajjajaja
Best day ever! I haven't been this happy in a while. I needed it though :)&lt;3
@RevivalRecs haha thanks for making my day! And yeah, it was my twitter name, I fixed it now though. :)&lt;3
@RevivalRecs and thanks!! &lt;3
@RevivalRecs my names not Dante though xD it's Mara.
I don't usually do this but it's the least I can do. Follow @RevivalRecs and their bands. @TFP_tweets @Megoshband @Alesana @tttcband #FF :)
@Alesana_Army thank you! :')
@Alesana_Army &lt;3
Today is so perfect. I feel on cloud nine. People might think that I have a new boyfriend or something and everything is because of a band.
Also, @TFP_tweets, followed me and I should thank them too and I hope they keep making awesome music.
Honestly, @Alesana has made my year. It's just a follow on a social media website but it means a lot to me. So, thank you for everything.
Now that I'm out of class and I can let my emotions out without looking like a psycho... I feel like crying and screaming and jumping.
@Alesana I will try! Haha thanks! &lt;3
@Alesana it's tears of joy and I'm the middle of class and I have to control myself. :D
@RevivalRecs Woah, I didn't think that this would be as fast... if @Alesana follows me I would cry.
God, can this class hurry the fuck up and end. I want to pick up my copy of ORAS...
"If it looks like I'm laughing, I'm really just asking to leave."
@Zedd is coming to Puerto Rico again. I'm not going to his concert because I don't like EDM that much but I would love to meet him... :(
Today is National Hoenn and Smash day!! :D
@titaguerrero  de acuerdo contigo!
Después de Ricky Martin, todo es porqueria...
I am dying. @ricky_martin esta cantando una de mis canciones de Camila... :') tan bello!!
@PRCOMICCON okay, muchas gracias! :)
@PRCOMICCON question... va a ver pre-sale de los autógrafos y photo ops como con Jason o...?
Is wrong that when I listen to @CrownTheEmpire's "The Resistance: Rise of the Runways" from start to end, I have an urge to make it a play?
I have a thing for long dark hair in guys. It's just... wow! xD
-up for a recent picture of him... goddamn. I died. Zayn was my favourite but now even more. He looks amazing with his hair like that...
-what she was talking about and she told me it was something to do with his hair and that he looked like Aladdin. I got curious and looked-
I haven't been paying attention to One Direction lately and my sister asked me today what was the hype with Zayn? I told her I didn't know-
Drama. Hate it. It drains me.
I just logged in and saw that Abraham Marti is following me... wait here while I go fangirl. Okayy, bye.
¿¡QUE RINGO STARR VIENE PARA PUERTO RICO!?
Ay, me hacía falta reírme.
Hay una tipa borracha y arrebata en el tren. Me ha hecho el día.
TURMOIL. That is it. I found the word... to describe my life right now.
Ay, now I want a duckie.
¿Hoy no hay clase de física y yo no me entere? No hay nadie...
Some Crown the Empire will clear that stupid song out of my head.
And I don't even know anything else. So annoying!!!!!!!
Also, "I gotta stay high all the time to..." keep that motherfucking line of a crappy song out of my head. I even dreamt I was singing it.
Did you know... I slept for like 2 hours or less... because I was playing Candy Crush :x and thinking about angles...
Anyhow. Carry on.
&lt;/rant&gt;
Que su ex-pareja sea homosexual o no, no cambia nada. Que lo supere. Más debe dejar de estar difamando a las personas para buscar pauta.
Maripili tiene que tener problemas, pero peor está la prensa del país que le da una primera plana cuando hay cosas de mayor importancia.
Maripili debe desaparecer del mapa o los periódicos de este país deben dejar de darle pauta. Creo que la segunda contribuye a la primera.
No me conecto hace días, pero entiendo que esto es importante decirlo...
aaaaaaahh! so tired and just because I over slept today...
A Lesson in Romantics is the best album from @Mayday_Parade, hands down. It's one of those albums I know by heart &amp; each song has a meaning.
My iPod now has dead pixels... or maybe it wasn't the magnet, it's just old.
"Never put your electronics near a magnet." I finally understand why...
It's been a while since I've worn these... #creepers #doctorwho #tardis #leggings #galaxy 
Damn you wind... #nofilter #selfie #purple #blackandpurple #black #halfandhalf 
Bye.
MAYORA'S MASK FOR 3DS HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED. DREAMS DO COME TRUE. I WANT TO CRY. EVERYTHING IS AMAZING AND NOTHING HURTS. YES, I AM SCREAMING!!
Ahora mi única preocupación es pasar física...
Oh my, tengo mi matrícula hecha. Me siento mega vieja y a la vez "relieved". xD
It's as if it never existed...
Every now and then I remember I had an @alltimelow shirt that I wore once and then disappeared. I can't even find an image of it...
Wow there is absolutely nothing to eat.
@adventure I really like Northern Lights but my anthem will always be A Beautiful Lie.
I just realised... just 2 weeks (and 2 days) for ORAS!!!!
I'm not failing physics after all...
A "Collide with the Sky" kinda day...
Yo quería frío de Navidad, pero es demasiado. No quiero pensar como será en un lugar que este nevando.
Amanda Bynes whines more than an angsty teen.
@30STMVOTE It's okay, I understand. :)
@30STMVOTE I understand that this is a new thing but the VyRTs are getting really expensive.
-that way you can judge if it is worth paying for. I hope she changes her ways.
Even if I can have the music for free. The thing I like the most about Spotify is that you can listen to the album prior to buying it and-
People that like the album are going to buy it still, but when they can. I use Spotify, yes, but if I like an artist I'm going to support it
I have a love/hate relationship with Taylor Swift. She was starting to gain my respect again but with the Spotify thing, she lost it again.

Retweet &amp; you could WIN a custom @TheEvilWithin #XboxOne &amp; a host of other prizes! 
@elmakias really bright people...
Remember when iFly was a thing...
Can I kill my cousin?... He went to Arcadia and met Hambo and El Giga... I really wanted to go :( Estupido profe de CiSo y sus trabajos...
No es la clase, es el profesor. Es complicado de explicar. Nunca nos dijo que era lo que teníamos que hacer. Lo dejo todo a nuestra suerte.
Definitivamente es la clase de CiSo la que me pone en un stress horrible. Acabo de terminar el trabajo y siento tan feliz que ni me conozco.
I swear, if he keeps whistling I'm going to throw the cat litter bag I'm about to buy to his face...
Why do people whistle in public places... To the guy behind me in the line: "sir, would you he so kind to shut up or i'll do it."
Todo por la puta clase de CiSo... -.-'
Plus, ver posts del #arcadia me pone peor... bah.
And about to have a breakdown...
My mother asks me: "why are you even more bitter than usual?". Gee, I don't know. Maybe it's because I am overwhelmed by everything...
And I thought I followed him...
The @RyanCabrera is following me now... he is like the first celebrity crush I had. XD
I am infuriated.
He even said that because of that he lost all his faith in humanity. Listen sir, because of people like you is why humanity is suffering.
- the class today because some people didn't read his book. He is an egotistical asshole that thinks he is the best thing in the world...
Also I don't know what got into my CiSo professor. He just proved the horrible reputation he has. He just told us he is not going to give -
I should say "creepishly funny"... "freaky" can me something else...
-classmates. XD it was freakishly funny. Hahaha #HappyHalloween I guess.
Weirdest thing just happen. I was on my way to "El Centro" and Slenderman was going down the stairs. Thank the heavens I was with two other-
The shit is that next year Halloween will be on a Saturday... I really want to cosplay Dante...
I'm dressed as John Watson off of Sherlock though and wearing the IOU necklace.
...honestly any day but let's just say today.
I was going to dress up as a witch but decided not to. My mood is not the brightest today...
#10years go by so fast... @Alesana
#HappyHalloween! 
Happy anniversary to one of the bands that have changed my life for the best. @Alesana thank you and I hope that better things come our way.
I hate this, quite frankly.
@FactHive this is irrelevant...
"We go together or we don't go down at all."
A Love Like A War it is.
Now, I'm not listening to Ed Sheeran for a while xD my emotions are shattered now.
Afire Love... Damn, I finally understood what it is about. I feel like crying...
"All the voices in my mind, calling out against the line."
Pero es algo normal. Si siguen haciendo shows por cosas como esas, nunca llegará la igualdad que queremos.
No es el primero ni el último. Mi mejor amigo es gay y esta de acuerdo con lo que digo. Entiendo que se necesita valentía para decirlo...
No tengo nada en contra de los gays, pero encuentro irrelevante que sea una noticia tan importante que alguien salga del closet.
Apple se está quedando sin cartas ya. La cosas no son eternas.
"I See Fire" is so beautiful. Gives my goosebumps everytime.
My ipod feels so weird without its cover... it's so thin now.
Wow, la noticia de Tim Cook es tan importante... cambia mi mundo totalmente...
Just listen to amazingness! 
Ay, Sam Smith es tan hermoso. Y Ed Sheeran. Son tan perfectos. :')
"Why am I so emotional? No, it's not a good look, gain some self-control."
@KerrangMagazine @falloutboy where is @PatrickStump's Fedora?!...........
I want to explode. It's just a tiny little thing but I'm really sensitive today...
Then I see the plastic cup placed near a window and asked her if that's mine and she just says "I don't know. That was already there."
She tells me she didn't have anything on her hands. I tell her I gave her my soda to hold and she doesn't remember anything.
I give my mother the soda I was drinking so she can hold it while I open a gate she told me to. When I come back my soda is gone...
And now I want to cry. Amazing...
At least I have food. Tiredness makes me hungry. Way too hungry...
And even worse, it's Thursday...
So tired...
@MARSStore one of my favourites also. Got it at a concert.
@UberFacts no shit, Sherlock...
Quite honestly, Thursdays shouldn't exist this semester. Thank you, goodnight!
Damn it, I hate living in the middle of nowhere... I really want to go to a @CrownTheEmpire concert...
Remembering Sunday.
"I thought you promised me the world? Tell me what you're after?"
"And when the sweat drips, we will make your heart skip."
Just Dance by Lady GaGa will always be my jam...
"Scarlet drapes my eyes the phantom calls from deep inside. Revealing my disguise, the freak beneath has come alive."
"A clock ticks 'til it breaks your glass and I drown in you again."
"Would you lie to me, tell me I'll be okay?"
Old school but good xD
"Well, you're a hot mess and I'm falling for you... and I'm like hot damn! let me make you my boo."
"I'm scared to death and have myself to blame."
I want to open a tumblr again, but I'm not sure if I should...
@OfficialAdele sang #Skyfall live only once--on our award show--&amp; then
won Song of Year later that eve. 
@blackveilbrides have made one of the best albums so far, hence, I think is my favourite this year. I can't be prouder to say, I'm a fan.
Anyway, all of this came to me as listened to the new album. You can tell they have evolved and grown. That there are better things to come.
Their music has supported me through my darkest hours, also through the good ones. They are one of those bands that have kept me sane.
I also love the fact that I have grown, even evolved with them and viceversa. They are a huge part of me even if they don't know it.
"They are too shitty.", "they look scary", etc. I've still supported them still and I am proud to say that I am part of the BVB Army.
People made fun of me at school and at my house for liking them because "they looked gay and like girls with that hair and makeup".
I just remembered when I discovered @blackveilbrides 6 years or so ago and people told me they would get nowhere. Just look at them now!
Is it me or Adam Levine's voice is getting more annoying in each record... #killtheautotune
"SELF-CONFIDENCE!"
"WHEN DO WE WANT IT?!"
*everyone breaks eye contact and starts mumbling*
Pero si Jesús es el. "Take me, Lord Jesus, I am at your service."
It means 'updog'
"What's updog?"
*lifts other sleeve*
this one means 'not much wh…
Prefiero repetir la clase 30 veces si es necesario... Hah!
Sí me cuelgo en el examen, ya tengo un llamado... 
No quiero decir que voy a salir bien en el examen de Física para no ilusionarme...
"In the unknown you have to question fantasy."
A R E - A N Y - G H O S T S - W I T H - U S - R I G H T - N O W
*spirit favs but doesn't reply*
@gzchef dressed as Guy on the Kitchen has me confused. I have to remind myself that I'm not seeing Guy. XD
"Please don't hate me for what I've done. Run away with me, I'll be everything that you need."
I also dreamt I met @Alesana. That one was really pleasant and I wish it would come true.
-i continued crying and eventually woke up... I am greatful it was dream, quite honestly.
-on the Internet and started asking people if they knew where the band was staying so I could meet them but no one wanted to tell me...-
-wanted to take me there or help me buy the tickets. I was crying like crazy and whining and all my family would say was "shut up". I went-
I had the worst dream ever... it was horrible nightmare for me. Anyway, @falloutboy was coming to Puerto Rico and I wanted to go but no one-
Me estoy convirtiendo en gringa :s. Iba a decir "cajas", pero mi mente gritaba "box". Terminé diciendo "boxas"...
It's been years since I've studied on a Saturday...
It was frustrating. Assassin's Creed is one of those games I know by heart. XD I should've joined.
Today a few classmates were talking about Assassins Creed. As I walked to my seat I was like "should I join or shouldn't i?"
"The truth never set me free, so I did it myself."
Too much people.
Bah.
Thursdays are so physically and emotionally tiring that I feel like doing nothing until Monday...
@AndrewCTE you already did love...
Meet Mr. 50G... #physics #physicslab #bored #killme 
I go from ear shattering metal to mellow ballads in less than a minute... but I guess that's what shuffle is for...
I miss missing you, now and then.
I miss the ABL era of @30SECONDSTOMARS...
A Beautiful Lie just played in my iPod. It's been a while since I heard it. It always hits me, such a great song...
Horoscopes for today... even for your whole life. 
I just had the weirdest epiphany... Spongebob producers invented #YOLO before it was cool... #LivingLikeLarry #sorrynotsorry
¿Quién deja todo para lo último? Yooo :) pero no me molesta xD
Cuponeras celebrando frente al tribunal por Mr. Cash... #yolo
"Dance around like you can almost taste the beat."
Infatuation has strangled me again. There's no resisting, the tangled Web of your secret fantasy.
"Take my hand. Take my breath away."
"In the visions inside my head, the emptiness will haunt you."
Do I talk to much about Alesana? Sorry then... :|
I know I've said this before but The Emptiness by @Alesana is, hands down, one of the greatest albums ever made. &lt;3
@FactHive seriously?
Babies! :')
It smells like alcohol in my Physics classroom...
Laughter echoing... I'm unravelling tonight!
Pitiful lullaby, to sing the tortured to sleep.
A bone chilling cry erupts...
Finally understanding what someone said after a year is really sad. Quite honestly... wow!
"Hand In Hand With The Damned"
"A Place Where The Sun Is Silent" kind of day...
@thinkpuertorico prefieren poner al Mr. Cash ese... así están las prioridades del pais.
I'm thinking of opening a new tumblr account. It's been over a year since I've had one... and I miss it.
Scary Kids Scaring Kids will always have a place in my heart, as well as Tyler Stevens. May your music continue to live on. RIP :/
I can even tip-toe... I can't. #pokemon #oras #demo
Everything is so beautiful and as I imagined. And there's even a Kecleon in front of Steve's house. I am so excited for the real game.
Let the excitement begin... #alphasapphire #omegaruby #pokemon #memories #ORAS #demo 
The code works now! #ORAS #demo #pokemon 
@TFP_tweets aw, thank you. :)
@RevivalRecs might be the death of me... too many great bands together xD I might go broke but I like supporting the bands I like :)
Lately I'm discovering a lot of great music. I finally listened to @Megoshband and @TFP_tweets, two amazing bands. I love them both! :)
The ORAS Demo code has arrived! #happy
@PerezHilton The fuck did I just watched?
@PatrickStump you're alive!
"The sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older... Shorter of breath and one day closer to death"
"Hey you! Don't tell me there's no hope at all. Together we stand, divided we fall."
I feel horrible.
alesana Time sure does fly... this turned 3 yesterday. I cannot believe it's been so long.… 
I still cannot get used to @blackveilbrides not wearing makeup... they a look a lot better without it though.
One of my flaws... liking crappy pop music and boy bands and sometimes both go together...
I feel like a motherfucking zombie... I feel as if I'm out of my body. My mind is someplace and I'm just walking, breathing, living...
@VSPATRICE oh, good to know. It was so late last night that I thought it was a fake account or something. Now I know I can follow back. :)
I wake up, see the notification... Getting confused right after you wake up and plan to go back to sleep is not a good thing...
@VSPATRICE wait... How come you have two twitter accounts? Aren't you Peezee from Alesana? I'm confused...
I need to stop finding similarities between people I meet and people in bands I like... I sometimes ruin them...
Theres nothing more disturbing than the "Lalalopsy Diaper Surprise" doll...
Ver las declaraciones de los periodistas de Univision me rompe el corazón. Tengo un taco en la garganta... es tan horrible...
#DileNoAUnivision
Voy a extrañar a @DavilaEcruz  y a @ZugeyLamela en la mañanas... :/
Solo espero ver sus caras en otros noticieros. Ya entiendo porque se notaba tenso el ambiente en Tu Mañana...
-que ve día a día. En algún momento en mi vida quise ser periodista y los admiro demasiado. Muy triste...
Wow, lo de @UnivisionPR me toca cómo si fuese parte de ahí. Todas las mañanas viendo su noticiero, una le cose cariño a las personas-
Nunca me había alegrado tanto de la enfermedad de otra persona... es tan bueno no tener CiSo.
@Loni_Echelon all the time xD
"@Indicepr: No te olvides de #Gonzalo 
"Just dance like you're disappointed in the world..."
I need silence!! Every little sound is annoying.
When I hate the world I understand more what it is given in class... therefore I should be more like this.
And sleep.
I just want to crawl into a corner and hate people.
"I hate everyone." My mood today...
@JaredLeto VyRT or record?!
The first time I make rice without the help of anyone. It's a little under-seasoned but it's perfectly cooked! #progress
It's been a while since I've been there and I wanted everything. XD at least I got 2 Pink Floyd Shirts and the Harley Quinn backpack!! :D
If I could have @hottopic as my closet I'd be the happiest person ever.
Weirdly, I've started listening to @omandm again... and I've fallen in love xD
Ahahahahaha, family is so pathetic. And by family I mean the ones that don't live with me or close to my house...
@BryanStars or way across the Atlantic...
My ipod just played "Into Your Arms (acoustic)" by @themaine. Damn it, that song never gets old. So amazing.
Que bueno que este fin de semana es largo.. I need sleep.
Why put a Screen Protector to a Screen that's shattered?
Fishy. #texture #fish #itsagummy 
Oh hai, Jeffrey. #prayingmantis #littlefella 
Well not really xD I've grown inmune to that, my conscience doesn't kill me anymore...
People that shame others because they don't go to class should rot...
Everyone playing Smash and I'm here like... Well, I don't have it and left my 3DS at home... :(
Are mullets a "thing" again? I've seen 4 in the last 30 minutes...
They look perfect together!"@cumberbatchfrm: Benedict Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley via @HuffPostUK #ImitationGame 
I should've made @JaredLeto  the question about @ArtifactTheFilm that I had/have... but whatever.
I was just day-dreaming, more like day-remembering, Friday and how @JaredLeto made fun of me. XD it was such a great day.
LOOK AT THE WEEKS!! I just noticed that I had been waiting almost a year for Friday's concert. (that… 
Ay, que rico es comer... lo único que ahora todo el mundo sabrá que comí en Subway...
So hungry...
I hate my phone without a screen protector. Too many fingerprint marks... but I ruined the screen protector on Friday because of anxiety. xD

El PARAMÉDICOS
Well, I was on cloud nine... the post concert depression is starting to kick in after two days. @30SECONDSTOMARS I miss you guys.
I'm still on cloud nine...
Unreal and unexpected. It's still a dream inside my head. Words fall short to describe this very… 
"I've been up in the air. Chasing a dream so real." this line (and song) quite sum up last night. @30SECONDSTOMARS @adventure thanks, again.
Was yesterday even real? Damn... :D
Did you know... @bartcubbins got out and drew somethings on a table and people got pissed! Hah! It was amazing. :)
Oh oh, I'm starting to lose my voice now.
Also thanks @adventure for making it an even better night! @30SECONDSTOMARS killed it tonight!
Thank you for the best night ever! @30SECONDSTOMARS @tomofromearth  @JaredLeto @ShannonLeto
Did I say I got a hug from Tomo? Yes, okay.
I am so done. Honestly!
And @JaredLeto made fun of me :')
Oh my my!
Oh my god. @tomofromearth hugged me. I think I can die happy now. :')
I'm gonna meet my babies!! :')
Oh my god. Unexpected turn of events. :D so excited!!!
Red. Waiting. #Mars 30secondstomars 
Waiting. Excitement building. Just hours away. @30SECONDSTOMARS
Día mega loco. Test done... now let the craziness begin!!!
@thinkpuertorico @ElNuevoDia pero, peroo... ¿¡porquee!?
Venderán edificio donde ubica Centro de Estudios Avanzados en el Viejo San Juan | Ordenan desalojo …
Y el último tweet es prueba de que si perdí varias neuronas... escribí "cabo" en vez de "a cabo".
Siento que cabo de perder varias neuronas... ay santo.
El tren no es un club... -.-'
Mixed emotions... barely slept, Mars concert tonight and a physics test in an hour. Oh damn.

#SeaWorld’s stock is PLUMMETING (again)! 
 
I haven't listen to any @MIWband song since the "When Love Met Destruction" EP... wow I'm a bad person.
I just remembered, for some strange reason... "Whatever You Do... Don't Push The Red Button." by @MIWband...
Humans are so weird...
Do you ever wake up wanting a greasy slice if pizza and go to K-Mart to buy one? No... alrighty then, you miss it.
I just heard @falloutboy's Centuries on a local radio station. Day = Made!
My Z10 is a gentleman, bowtie and all. #blackberry #z10 #bowtiesarecool 
I cannot get enough of @edsheeran's new album. Hence, I cannot get enough of him and his songs.
Wow, this is amazing. (Don't Answer Your Cell Phone While Driving - 
@ArtifactTheFilm @JaredLeto why not Puerto Rico?! Fine Arts theatres are good for it.
"Poetically Pathetic"... yes, exactly.
@30STMVOTE I know, I was not being mean or anything. Is just that last time try canceled a day or so before the show. Sorry.
@30STMVOTE after the concert I'm attending on Friday they can take any break. I don't want them to cancel the show again, it's not fair.
I earlier said somethings about @Farewell_MyLove but they changed their singer. Maybe they will change my views with the new material.

I've had it right up to here with them.
Just 6 days for @30SECONDSTOMARS !!!! :D so happy
&gt; is now following me again. Hah! They're still shit.
It's funny how a band that once blocked me because I told them they were a MCR ripoff and that their first lead singer, Caleb, was better&gt;&gt;
@FactHive  mind = blown xD hadn't noticed.
So, we couldn't find our family's name and my sister did this... #cocacola #lugo #diy #nofilter 
Sí hay algo que odio con la vida es que un locutor se ponga a cantar en el fondo...
Oh oh, algo paso en el tren.
Hymn for the Shameless.
-see what I did there- :)
Also, to take the seriousness and bullshit away. Those two last tweets were exactly 140 characters. Thoughts really are 140 characters long.
Give me something to write in and I'll be as clever as can be. I guess I just over think so much what I want to say that it comes out wrong.
I don't like talking. I can defend something and not get nervous but when it comes to talking to someone I stutter so much is uncomfortable.
I have a physics test next Friday, the day of the @30SECONDSTOMARS .... nothing is going to stop me from going!!!!
I think the root of my "un-wellness " was the CiSo exam. I just finished it and suddenly life seems happier and clearer.
So tired.
Pathetic, Ordinary.
The best laid plans of mice and marionettes...
@30STMVOTE please and thank you.
Whenever I listen to Ambrosia by @Alesana I can't help but imagine @ShawnTheMilke dancing and singing. XD
Wish I could be like Sherlock or Spock and not feel anything... Goddammit.
Lack of sleep can make you think you have Chicungunya... or I really have it... bah.
Forever done... I can't, definitely.
Let the awkwardness begin...
C A N T
I can't okayyy, I need to contain myself and I'm at the lab. Too. Many. People.
Wait, @Alesana just liked my tweet. I'm calm on the outside. But my fangirl has been let lose on the inside. I can't right now... :D
I finally got The Decade EP. My favourite song at the moment is "Deja Vu All Over Again". Now I can't wait for @Alesana's new album.
Half and half. #hair #blackandpurple #purple #selfie #kingdomhearts #heartless 
Insomnia is not a good damp thing... -.-'
So tired...
Like my Physics professor said to us today... "you have finally entered Nerdville" and my awkwardness is complementing it.
"I'm (or it's) so awkward it hurts." that should be my catch phrase.
Ok, now I really lost the dust plug... it fell on my way out the train... you will be missed little camera.
"But if all we are is just machines, then let's become a miracle."
and though we're the dammed, we're so far from alone. So let's bury the hatchet inside of their skulls."
"So gather ye demons, it seems it's your day. I sin but I've paid more than ten thousand graves...
Also, it reminds me of @Alesana and @TheOfficialA7X... in a way.
Makeshift Chemistry.
I liked Obama until yesterday. He doesn't deserve the Nobel Prize anymore...
Laziness kicks in and it doesn't leave...
Ay...
@tokiohotel the fuck I just watched?
So many things to do and my mind is telling me "sleep"...
I can't, okay... thank you, goodnight!
Bryan is me... "@BryanStars: OMG there is a massive spider above my bed 
No entender porque la gente dice que mañana es libre porque no tienes clase los martes.

@yosoyungamer @Xbox @PlayStation @HamboPR @ElGiga947 es el mejor de todos, me encantaba el "open world". Todavía lo juego.
@UberFacts just like everything else in life...
Ryan Adams is so perfect, you know.
That also happens with "Machine"...
@CrownTheEmpire's Milenia is one of those songs that you hear once and instantly love.
"Don't ever trust the devil, bitch!"
It's bigger on the inside... #tardis #doctorwho 
All my life I wanted Jet Black hair and now that I have it I am sooo happy! :DDD
Back to black... and purple. 
Okay, so I've woken up to a notification that @CrownTheEmpire has "favourite" my tweet. Not fangirling or anything... :3
It's been almost a week since my brain doesn't let me go to sleep properly... I don't even understand why. Is it because I'm too relaxed?
@ashleylaughbox his voice is like a Sirens'. He lures you in and you cannot let go.
I have a new love... @CrownTheEmpire has won my heart! Amazing, amazing. Why didn't I notice them sooner?
@YadiPR @adventure @ArtifactTheFilm I agree!!
@comeagainjen and Pink Floyd.
Scared of the dark. The doors wide open. This is a night you'll regret in the morning.
Aaah, finally. Fall Out Boy :')
Now Backstreet Boys... my ipod hates me xD
Ay santo, mi ipod esta sacando viajeras de boy bands. Now, BTR-Stuck.
@ashleylaughbox :')
A Little Bit Longer is one of those records I'll always love and never get tired of.
"Run, run like you do. I'm chasing you, I'm on your tail. I'm getting faster, you're going nowhere."
@eonline Patrick, obviously.  #eonlinechat
Wow, listening to Tokio Hotel's "Scream" brings back so many memories...
:/
Breathe... everything is going to be okay...
@yosoyungamer @HamboPR @ElGiga947 estos flashbacks me hacen sentir vieja xD
"What so good picking up the pieces?"
It's been a while since I've listened to Pierce The Veil, therefore, is a good day. :)
"Well, fuck, what am I supposed to be, impressed? You're just another set of bones to lay to rest."
Mega tarde, como nunca...
@hurleyxvx it is amazing and different, in a good way. :)
The new U2 album is like listening to their early years... I love it and even more because it was free! :D
Until you die for me, as long as there is a light, my shadow is over you.
-centuries on repeat- :)
We are the poisoned youth.
I dreamt Pink Floyd was still together and I went to one of their concerts and I met them. Also it was as if Syd never left the band.
@OneDirection's Fireproof!!! I love when the sing all along :')
Finally I'm out of class and listened to @falloutboy's Centuries. The guys never cease to amaze me.
#FOBcenturies090814 I forgot that it's released at noon and I got up at midnight to see if it started downloading... just hours left.
Progresoooo. Todos sacamos F en el examen de Física. La nota más alta fue de 29...
"Eres un verso en reversa, un reverso."
@MARSStore I lost my glyph ring and i want to order a new one, and I don't remember the size. Is there anyway to find the order I made?
ay, I'm so happy for @falloutboy. I had missed them so much and now I can't get enough! :')
Joan Rivers died... I didn't knew her personally but I thought of her as my grandma. I really liked her. May she rest in peace.
One fucking month for #Mars!!
@30SECONDSTOMARS and in Spanish, I hope is something good!
I never thought I'd say this again but... I LOVE MY TI-89! :')
@elsegundoluz se pone bueno justo cuando dice que hay que suscribirse...
Hace meses no me montaba en un tren tan full.
I feel super hipster today...
@ATTCustomerCare I don't see any news related to BlackBerry, so I guess I'll wait.
@ATTCustomerCare @ATT are the #BlackBerry Classic and the Passport going to be available through this carrier?
My babies together look so cute! :') 
"If I don't stand my own ground, how can I find my way out of this maze?"
"Did you ever wondered why we had to run for shelter when the promise of a brave new world unfurled beneath a clear blue sky?"
@MARSStore I lost my glyph ring and i want to order a new one, and I don't remember the size. Is there anyway to find the order I made?
I was so stressed because of my missing/deleted lab report and my lab partners, like 2, didn't hand anything in and I wasn't in that lab!
My obsession with Pink Floyd lately is so bad that all I want to do is blast their music and just lie down... and listen...
Frustración total... levantarte a imprimir un trabajo y que no aparezca completo.
My professor said: "you need a lot of Newtons to do things..." and I thought: "you better start cloning" *#badumtss*
Que sueño, contra...
@MaraWritesStuff oh my, I'm almost crying...
"All in all you were just bricks in the wall."
A blue shell Gary!! "@firstworldfacts: This is a Blue Sea Slug 
"There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark."
Shine on you crazy diamond...
Talking to my Physics teacher is kinda difficult. Not because he is a bad person, just because his accent is so distracting. XD
Thank you! "@ThoughtCatalog: Jennifer Lawrence Is Not A Good Role Model, Contrary To Popular- 
I can't with his accent and the fact that he looks like a mix of Chris Martin and Benedict Cumberbatch...
Downside of having a British professor: getting caught up it how he pronounces words that you forget that you are in Physics class...
Estoy casi segura que las tuberías de los baños de Naturales explotarán...
@Jo_se_4 es algo inexplicable. Es tan frustrante. No puedo describir bien lo que siento cuando lo veo xD
@Jo_se_4 es que esta grabado sobre ella cantando otra cosa! Es horrible.
I can't believe this is happening. Such a great and talented man. You will be missed... RIP Robin Williams
@juliovnunez tienes que estar jodiendo... No puede ser!
No tengo nada en contra de Taco Bell pero el anuncio de #tacogalillo me sacaaaa! ¡Quisiera romper el televisor cada vez que lo dan!
Hoy es un día pesado, pero por lo menos mañana estoy libre. :')
@adrianadesala @thinkpuertorico y los "Black Fridays"
El primer día de clase no podía ser martes para no empezar...? xD
Well, my hair is green...
I finally have a pair of Red Vans!!!
I could live off of pizza.
"@AltPress: NEWS: Westboro Baptist Church make offensive Fall Out Boy parody, “Thnk Gd Fr Vrythng” 
@PatrickStump did you listen to that WBC parody?!!!?
@BryanStars I hate you right now, you know... (I'm kidding) but you're so lucky!
#BlackBerry Torch fans and/or owners sign this 
@Sie7emusic te quedaba bien la peluca rubia! x)
@raymondyamigos Pablo Cojélo es el mejor personaje, es exactamente lo que pienso de Paulo Cohelo xD
This shit tastes amazing, #starbucks at home! #intensecaramel #frappuccino 
¡¿Que caramba le pasa a Susan Soltero?! Diciéndole a las personas "moron y bruto" no solucionará sus problemas existenciales.
The Cleveland Show Episode about Latinos only mentions Mexicans as latinos... They are not the only ones and Sotomayor is not mexican.
@Moluskein tienes razón, completamente de acuerdo.
@Patty_diFussa Ella esta molesta xD ojalá y diga que no venga para que llueva bastante.
@AmericanPicker there are never too much items!
I forgot about #Sharknado2!!!!!!! D:
@PerezHilton his daughter died too... :(
Momento incómodo para @Sie7emusic :S Por eso Mr. Cash me cae mal, el no ayuda.
I asume, that since is a film, people wouldn't believe in that 10% brain thing but strangely they believe it even more.
Sharkmania is funny as hell! I can't stop laughing. I love when there are sarcastic people giving opinions. XD
As I listen to the album I keep thinking, @PatrickStump should make an acoustic album...
I finally listened to @edsheeran's new album. Goddammit is amazing! He has outdone himself again.
@Metro_PR y esto es una noticia trascendental?! Hay niños muriendo y es más importante saber que la hija de Kim camina...
@SciencePorn No shit, Sherlock...
@ATTCustomerCare alright, just making sure. It's just that lately BlackBerry is being left behind by this carrier.
@ATTCustomerCare but, is at&amp;t still supporting BlackBerry or... ?
Sorry for the AT&amp;T message spam... I need to know something important :)
@ATTDeals is the BlackBerry Passport going to be supported by this company? I really need to know if BlackBerry is still supported...
@ATTCustomerCare is the BlackBerry Passport going to be supported by this company? I really need to know if BlackBerry is still supported...
@ATT is the BlackBerry Passport going to be supported by this company? I really need to know if BlackBerry is still supported...
Lately I'm obsessed again with @iamfoxes' Night Glo. Such a beautiful song.
@HamboPR es como con el 3DS. Sí tenias un 3DS y compraste uno XL te deja transferir los datos, siempre y cuando los dos funcionen.
¿En serio la gente va a ver la película de 50 Shades of Grey?
Just look at this beauty. "@BlackBerry: Exclusive look at new #BlackBerry #Passport 
&gt;&gt; and the fact that is not full QWERTY. I hope that changes before the release. I am almost convinced of buying the BlackBerry Passport.
&gt;&gt; but if I could I would. I hope the BlackBerry Passport connects to wireless printers. I just don't like the double keyboard thing. &gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; looking for. My phone is practically my computer. I do my school work here since I have word. The only thing I don't do is print &gt;&gt;
I am starting to get lured into @BlackBerry again with the Passport. I was going to give them up but that phone is everything I've been &gt;&gt;
“@marameansdemon: I was listening to Wild and Free by @FAMOUSLIKEYOU and started to need new…
Creo que con lo que paso con el avión de Malaysia hoy podemos entender lo que le paso al anterior.
"Love is just another dirty word."
I was listening to Wild and Free by @FAMOUSLIKEYOU and started to need new music from them!
Diablo, ahora mismo siento vergüenza de ser Cialeña... haciendo el ridículo en Mr. Cash.
Diablo, se botaron con Las Nalgashans! Son idénticas xD #RaymondySusAmigos
Classic quotes change...
Diablo, los argentinos deben sentirse orgullosos de lo lejos que llegaron. Hay que aprender a perder.
Messi esta devastado...
#GER won!!!
Gooooooooooool!!
@foxityclothing Germany!
Es Univision, ABC tiene señal :')
Ay DirecTV, nunca me fallas... que te sucede?
Yay, volvió!
Noooo, empezó a llover y se fue la señal de TV. Esto nunca pasa, porque hoy?! D:
Por lo menos se adelantó y no contó el gol!!

#ARG #GER
#GER!!!
#GER 
Go Germany!! #GER #FIFAFinals #worldcup 
The moon looks so amazing... it's breathtaking!
What Van Persie just did with the fans is amazing. I love the man even more now.
I really wanted #NED in the finals :(
I missed the game and #NED lost... :(
A National Guard plane just flew by my house and it was so close by that everything trembled! :o
I don't care of #GER wins because I know that it is a good team.
@DamnArmsRace oh that's nice, I also have one but I haven't had time to promote it. I'll retweet to let people know about yours :)
@DamnArmsRace oh no problem! Wish this could happen. #BringFOBtotheCaribbean #FallOutBoyCaribbean
A concert in Puerto Rico would be amazing!! #BringFOBtotheCaribbean #FallOutBoyCaribbean
This would mean the world to me!! #BringFOBtotheCaribbean #FallOutBoyCaribbean
I wish #NED won the World Cup.
Go #NED!
@Josh_Wilding exactly, I know they do that for a living but they'll have more support if the games weren't so forced.
@PerezHilton that reminds me of the song "I Don't Wanna Miss a Thing" :')
@Josh_Wilding to make better developed games.
@Josh_Wilding seen of the new games is pretty much the same as the other ones. I think they should stop the yearly releases and take time -
@Josh_Wilding they developed the characters pretty well, specially Ezio, but the repetition is getting out of hand. And the little I've -
@Josh_Wilding with that I can agree, and Ubisoft needs to step up their game (no pun intended) if they want the AC franchise to survive.

Sí amas a Puerto Rico, conócelo. 
Lo del mordisco de Suárez es nada comparado a lo que le hizo Zuñinga a Neymar.
Claramente lo de Zuñinga no fue un accidente. Sí no le hubiese agarrado el hombro a Neymar la historia fuese otra. Espero que lo sancionen.
But Neymar! D:
Holland, Holland!! :DDD
Woooooooo!!
Holanda se recuperó!!! :Dd
A Mr. Cash como que le gustó el muchacho que estaba en el juego de la bombita.
Zoom on his face, he looks like a Orange Cheshire cat... #aliceinwonderland #armin #cat #orangetabby… 
Baby Armin is tired of his cage... soon honey, soon. As soon as you heal you'll be out. He is now a… 
Life is so difficult sometimes... #firstworldproblems
My thoughts go from "I'm losing the ombré and getting my hair to a normal black or brown colour" to "I fucking want blue and purple hair!"
Los anuncios de Liberty son tan estúpidos que me dan dolor de cabeza...
@TheBlondeTheory 
I haz short hairs again... I just need to dye it and ta-daa
It's pouring rain!!! It's been almost two months without heavy rain.
Is it me or @AmericanPicker looks like he could play The Doctor, he only needs the British accent... #randomthought
Contra, es que la voz de @Christian_Pagan es hermosaa!
@YadiPR also, thanks for getting me up to date with this. :)
@YadiPR I'm sending the best vibes to him so everything goes accordingly and in his favour.
@YadiPR ow, that's bad but I don't think that it could get more complicated if it's the first time this happens to him.
@YadiPR oh I thought it was something worse. I hope he gets out of this okay, it's something that can happen to anyone.
@YadiPR yes that, I've been away from social media for a while and didn't know a thing.
@YadiPR what, I wasn't aware of this! :o
Yo creo que España no va para ningún lado...
¡¡Holanda ganó!!
Los de Holanda se despistó por su gol :(
Noooo estamos empateee :(
Thank the heavens for Smartphones and live blogs! I don't have to miss the game.
No me gusta ver la transmisión del juego por Univision... están muy parcializados. Pero que se va hacer. ¡Vamos #Brasil!
@Sidestepapp oh, thanks anyway but I can't. My iPod cannot run iOS 7 but that's okay, I'll try to have a friend order the merch.
@Sidestepapp is the merch on the iOS 6 app going to be updated?
I almost had a @falloutboy Youngblood Jacket... I forgot about the auction and it slipped away. :(
I always get sick during vacation. Doing nothing does get you sick. :(
Just as I convince myself to lose the Ombre, I start to like it more...
This is the cutest thing ever! Tiny popcorn bag. 
I had forgotten how fucked up this book was xD
Next read, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy... making the first book in the series a re-read. :)
With Stephen King books, always expect the unexpected... I just finished Joyland, really weird turn of… 
Miley Cyrus is coming to Puerto Rico... Will someone be kind enough to remind her that she said that this island was too tiny for her.
Maybe is the sugar but I'm not sure...
Coffee is so good but lately is making me really nervous and jumpy...
@adventure @30SECONDSTOMARS do one on Puerto Rico's date!!
Acabo de leer el post de @GazooStar sobre Mr. Cash de hace unos días... ¿crónica de una muerte anunciada? La casualidad es demasiada xD
"...passing time adds false memories and modifies real ones." ~ Stephen King
This episode of The Cleveland Show reminds me of the Natural Departments bathrooms... God and Jesus everywhere...
"When it comes to the past, everyone writes fiction." ~Stephen King
@adultswim has a new promo with a Coquí!!! I got real happy xD
Oh my god, saqué A en HUMA. Pensé que tenía C!!!! Mi promedio no baja tanto.
¡Wiiii, Aleyda ganó!
Gente que va dos días después del último día de matrícula y pretende tener espacio en los cursos que digan...
Lo único que si puedo decir es que terminé. Y que puedo hacer todo lo que no hice en el año, dormir, ver TV y terminar mis juegos! :')
Yo solo espero pasar la clase porque Pre-Cálculo no me cuenta y es una mierda.
I took a wild guess in the Pre-Cal exam but I think it was the right thing. And by a "wild guess" I mean I didn't doubt myself and answers.
"I hate Pepsi!" I say as I take another sip off a glass with Pepsi...
Donde diablos voy a comer de ahora en adelante, el centro era lo único relativamente vacío a la hora de almuerzo...
Hoy, después de tanto tiempo, salí relax de un examen de Pre-Cálculo. Sólo dejé un ejercicio en blanco, espero salir bien.
I want a Tartar Sauce!! She's so fucking cute!!
Baby Armin is not a baby anymore. #cat #bow #present 
Ir a los baños de Naturales es como ir a una iglesia. Te quieren meter a Dios por donde sea...
Buenooo. Que día... tenia sueño hace rato, me acuesto en mi cama y se me quita.
That fox looks like my Susy.
Ese momento cuando te das cuenta que pudiste haber comido física desde que empezaste en agosto y podías haber adelantado un monton... #FAIL
Evelyn Vázquez vive en el limbo... que bueno que ya no está en el Senado.
Gente haciendo un "show" porque hay gente desnuda en el VSJ... todos somos iguales, no debemos sentirnos avergonzados de nuestros cuerpos.
I need to stop being so judgemental... :s
Anyhow, me acabo de comer un sándwich que me costó casi $9 en subway. Un robo, pero tenia mucha hambre. :(
...pocos lo toman enserio y como su clase es una electiva, peor aún.
"Teacher Appreciation Week" la gente no se toma esto enserio, pero yo si aprecio a mis profesores, especialmente al de Astronomía...
Hay un tipo leyendo Eclipse en el metro... pensé que Twilight ya no estaba "in"...
Sadly.
La monga que me va a dar es lo chevere...
In other news, Tom Hiddleston with the #CrimsonPeak outfits reminds me of Sebastian Michaelis.
It was all that was saved... :s and now her copy of Ruby is unusable... buuuut, the new one is coming :')
I had passed the pokémon to my sister to take new game and then passed them back. thank the heavens she stayed with a lvl 100 Laturn...
Oooh, the memories.
And that copy I lost was used and had a shit-load of good Pokémons.
I even remember I lost my copy of Sapphire and I had to buy a new one, I was so devastated by that.
I have really fond memories of that game. I can say it "shaped" my childhood. Now that's being re-made I am more happy than ever.
I remember when my uncle bought for each, me and my sister, a gameboy advanced with a copy of Pokémon, Sapphire for me &amp; Ruby for my sister.
Nutella doughnuts are heart shaped :') 
These are amazing!!! #cookiesandkreme #nutella #krispykreme 
I've drank coffee since little and never had become addicted but lately I'm drinking too much coffee... finals, maybe?
I finally reached the shade of purple I wanted!! :) no more pinkish-purple. 
Wow, the random restore it got improved my battery life significantly. I'm in love with my @BlackBerry z10 again! :) 
Five years go by so fast... #Twitterversary
So sad.
@febpink8 it's already rescheduled... to October.
