Video: palmcorder-yajna: So JD didn’t use a mic and walked on tables during No Children. This was hands... 
"I AM NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANY MORE. I AM GOING TO TAKE THIS A LITTLE WHILE LONGER. I’LL TAKE AS MUCH..." 
Video: cutewithoutthe: one of my favorite live versions of a song THIS IS MAH FAVORITE THING 
Photo: Poor, poor Tom Brady…said nobody ever. 
I went to go buy something on Amazon and ended up paying off my credit card instead. What just happened?
Photo:  
Video: Not really much else to say!  
@eiankantweet that's right where @lowden11 lived a couple years back!
I mean less than $80 #mathsymbolfail
Anyone out there in Twitter land have a MacBook Pro charger they're willing to part with for &gt; the $80 it costs for a new one.
Lol when you realize it will cost less to buy new ikea furniture than to move your old one.
@ohhnatalie @JoshShayne I expect royalty payments!
Hahahaha Deflategate was REAL?! Good lord
Nothing like your guitar falling on some concrete to eff up your nice lil getaway. <FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SWEAT><FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SWEAT><FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SWEAT> #prayformyguitar
@uSTADIUM Odell Beckham 'mothafuckin' Jr.
"Oh that was Mozart, no?" "..No, it was Wolfgang."
Hoooooh boy. 
Woke up in a bed!!!
@uSTADIUM cautiously optimistic just like every year! Loved moving up for Collins. The team needs to be more ballsy.
@uSTADIUM Sherm rather than Sheen haha
@uSTADIUM 26 years or so. Since birth! First memory is watching wide-right while bouncing on my Dad's knee. Sheen avoided the curse buuutt..
GIANTS FANS PLZ DO NOT PUT OBJ ON THE MADDEN COVER!!! We do not need that evil on us.
@nyctaper my favorite is still their review of Get Lonely. JD tells the reviewer he hopes his fiancé dumps him so he could understand.
Let's get idyllic up in here. 
Just a pass-through town.
The Giants making moves?! Exciting! Hasn't been a top flight safety prospect in a long, long time.
For real though I'm not even 2.5 years removed from making $9.50/hour in Red/Khaki and now I got a letter from the 1st Lady. Stoked.
To everyone who said I'd never amount to anything. SUCK IT I HAVE A PERSONAL LETTER FROM FRIGGIN… 
If any of y'all needed another year of proof that mock drafts are ridiculous.
That feeling when you cough with a cough drop in your mouth.
I wonder if book Tommen will ever have a chance to get laid.
Haha is this is the meaning of life? Everything that occurs is leading towards your personal best playlist? 
Lol at the amount of former Target co-workers I had no idea were currently pregnant.
I feel like you and @mountain_goats can make this happen! 
Someone on my Facebook feed just insinuated that Tom Brady was absent from the SBChamp-White House visit cause he doesn't like Obama.
nicamiller and sheila_thedog train very hard for the DNBA(the doggy NBA). Eat your heart out Airbud… 
Thank you @crbnshrr for the lovely art. Haha no better way to start the workday! #comeonandslam… 
And now we're training the Office Dog to make a basket in the plastic hoop. #airbud #sheilathedog
@sarahclazarus how should we feel about medium sculptures?
Yo! @makespace the @tattly offices guess 4200 Meatballs!
What happens at Bonchon... Doesn't stay at Bonchon because I just jnstagrammed it. #wings walrus… 
Hahaha legit I think maybe 5 minutes of this episode happened in the books
Well I am convinced it's ok to watch Game of Thrones now. These dudes ain't even close to the books so ima enjoy the ride.
@thekarenmonster awesome! I'm seeing one more apt over here maybe I'll swing by as a reward!
Also neither of my spots had the Hutch and Kathy record and I'm scared to go to Rough Trade on RSD.
Guys go record shopping on not just Record Store Day.
I just found out my best friend is going to be around NYC all summer and I seriously am almost tearing up in front of G-Mail.
Today is apparently National Left Handed Day. Rejoice my brethren! #lefthanded #thebest #hellsyeah
Dear iPhone. Stop trying to make Passbook happen.
Ughhh eff everything.
Tourists eating lobster = Land Mines 
Cheesy but very welcome advise from my new office Pizza spot. #pizza #lunch #cheesy 
I'm so bad at photos, but here's Jesus...I mean The Mountain Goats...singing No Children on a table. 
Double @mountain_goats shows just what the doctor ordered! Stoked for this set to pop off!
Drift down into the new dark light
Without any reservations..
You found my breaking point.
..congratulations.
Love running into some of the @mountain_goats faithful that have been to all the same shows and karaoke events as me.
Lol @laurastevenson is playing at my Alma Mater in Oneonta?! What a time to be alive!
"The secret to getting what you want is to not want anything!" - @CMYKaytoe
Accurate depiction of my current thought process. 
@CMYKaytoe Kate! I just read yr Email and got kinda sad cause I'm mega emo right now so I decided to hit you up on sosh meedz!
It's fine. It's not, but ya know, cool.
If you read this JD, I'll be living "Woke up New" tmrw. If you play it Sat or Sun I'll probably sob, but in a good way. @mountain_goats
I spent $9 total at Blue Bottle Coffee Today 
I am not a crook! Slinging Tattly on the White House lawn! #tattly #tattlytrips #nixon 
Ben's Chili Bowl!! #tattlytrips #chilldawgs #everyoneelseonthistripinstagrammedthisalready !! 
What up yall? Just on official business in the White House South Lawn. No big deal. #bestjob… 
#tbt to that time several months before I worked @tattly where I found myself in a photo with… 
There is now a working Megaphone in the @tattly office. All bets are off!
New @tattly office! Much windows! Literally a billion times the space! <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><PACKAGE><PACKAGE> 
Packed up and ready to go! hello_natalie @jwkrow #tattlymoves #uline 
This is the first day since probably September or October that I haven't worn some type of hat. #feelsweirdman #barehead
<FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR> 
@ohhnatalie It just wasn't right for you at this particular acujuncture in your life.
9:19AM and popping two Extra Strength asprin. Good sign.
The first song on Simon Joyner's new album references my fav. randomly ridiculous Shakespeare line "Get thee to a nunnery" Love. It.
@billbarnwell What's the deal with the Eli &amp; Rivers contract situations? Isn't it totally insane for these orgs to not pay these guys?
When you clean out and put fresh water in the bowl for your cat, but she immediately goes to the sink and drinks dishwater instead.
It's the first day of Spring, and I cannot feel my hands.
There are a lot of stores named Serendipity/ous/ly
The new Sufjan is profoundly sad, I need to listen to only upbeat pop hits the rest of the day I think #AllAboutThatBass
@AroundTheNFL @ProducerTD #MoneyTags #Lazy #futurama 
HUTCH AND KATHY TOURING AND COMING TO NYC. AWW YISSSS @thethermals Get ready @lowden11 @eiankantweet @Kate_DeMay
The Eagles tried out Tim Tebow at QB today. This is officially my favorite, darkest, timeline.
         So majik
     Very spell
  Such patronis
         Much wow 
Also that was the longest my hair has ever been bar none. My head is FREEZING NOW. But it feels like I lost 20 lbs.
Space Ninety 8 oyyyy
Joanna Newsom's 'Have One On Me' is still my favorite album of the last 5 years (at least) and I don't think it's even close.
It's been far too long my Three friends! #oneontalife #ommegang #spinnyc 
Slept in, bagel-lyfe, candied ginger, tea, dinner with the Lady later. Doing Saturday right!
@Dameshek Unless, of course, you're willing to call my boy Eli elite!
@Dameshek Your logic is hurt by my 2011 NYGs who had terrible, god awful run game, and a middling defense.
Tell your design-y friends y'all! Tattly is a-hirin' 
Homestar Runner has officially taken over my office.
@billbarnwell I really wanted to believe the Giants would be better this year, buuuuuuuut :(
@AroundTheNFL WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON OUT HERE?!
@eiankantweet I read that at first as "Man, who manipulates women?!"
@billbarnwell Excellent random GBV reference in that article Bill!
New movie starring Sarah Jessica Parker: "50 Shades of Hay"
@lowden11 @altwoshedsriggs Where can one listen to this magical Sufjan record that is still not all about New York State somehow?
@GilmoreGuysShow I mean 306!
@GilmoreGuysShow I think 316 is the best episode in a long while. I would watch a spinoff with the Rabbi and Reverend!
There's a replica of the car from Duke's of Hazzard outside my office building beeping its trademark horn rinow.
@ohhnatalie don't forget your promise!!! 
@ohhnatalie This is amazing! Back in NYC we all think this 40 degree day is tropical, but dayumn!
@AroundTheNFL @Dameshek @ProducerTD New theory: the 2015 Bills are the 2011 49ers: Game Mngr QB, Star RB, Elite D, Greg Roman..hmmmm
@billbarnwell @WillBrinson Are they even more similar to the 2011 49ers? Game Mngr QB, Star RB, Elite D, Greg Roman..hmmmm
I love when a random follower turns out to be a sweet musician from the suburbs of New York (like me!) Check out @emilynbrodsky !
. @GilmoreGuysShow @storywonk you guys really need to do some sort of Buffy/Gilmore Girls crossover episodes!
@altwoshedsriggs @bombsfall Tallahassee had some great outtakes as well, a personal fav rec. from a show I attended: 
@lowden11 That is amazinggggg. Also I can't cast tonight, but this week for sure we gotta figure somethin out!
Soggy Socks
@eiankantweet For real though, I guarantee you there are Phil. Profs using this Dress thing in a lesson today about aesthetics.
@Dameshek my favorite "How did they invent this?!" food is bread. Every culture had some kind of bread!
It's only fitting, my left hand basically IS Cookie Monster. #thisismyjob #tattly #cookiemonster 
It is hilarious to me how many big corporations won't let their employees open Zip files. In 2015.
This is goddamned horrifying. 
Hashtag Team Luke, Hashtag Dean is the Worst, Hashtag I still don't like Peter Petrelli
@eiankantweet @giphy @SlackHQ DUDE that is all we do @tattly these days!
@leafburmesch @eiankantweet I get all the arguments against it, but there's only one NYC! Can't wait to visit you Leigh, but come back! :-P
Yo @ohhnatalie I feel like you'd appreciate this @cmgzine tweet/tag "Babe, You Fucked Up My Pour Over #FutureFatherJohnMistySongs"
@GilmoreGuysShow Haven't checked this podcast yet, but in 216 did ya discuss the extra who's sole purpose is check out Emily G at the bar?
The real question from the Oscar's last night: "Nice dress Joanna Newsom, when are you releasing the Have One On Me followup?!"
@lowden11 Ladies and Gentleman...SLOOOOAAAAAAAAAN
Hot Tea becomes Iced Tea entirely too fast these days.
Dear stomach bug weekend, please end soon.
Days like today are when I am most thankful for Instagram and Snapchat. Definitely will not be going outside today.
My hometown was a Top 3 choice in a poll of "Cities to Run Away From". Just above Cleaveland and EAST FRIGGIN LA. So weird.
So many of my favorite albums ever keep getting reissued, and I love it. Can't wait for Hutch &amp; Kathy wax!!
Does anyone know what the gals from The Sandwitches are doing these days?
Literally in pain from the cold. Truly brick.
Lol at all the tweets from crazy people talking shit to Kim Gordon. Sometimes I forget the Internet is full of nut jobs.
Awwww yissss muthafuckin' Girl Scout Cookies.
.@thethermals @killrockstars That sale is amazing! I lost my Personal Life and NWCS vinyl a few years back and now I'm finally restocking!
One of my all time favorite text messages, sent last night from trackofjade #textsfromlastnight #Mtrain 
What's more underrated in the @mountain_goats canon?: Get Lonely, or the more recent Transcendental Youth?
          Such Shiberia
     Much cold
        Very russia 
.@lowden11 Hah! As soon as the interview started I was like oh yeah I've actually listened to this before! I should invest time in WTF.
This would have made me begin listening to Marc Maron a long time ago.
How has no one told me there was an entire WTF with Marc Maron featuring an interview with John Darnielle?!
.@Kate_DeMay Why thank you Lady! We are the Kings of Rambling!
The Princess of Puuuursia 
Errands complete. Now it's just me and you Link and the delightfully odd world of Termina.
               So song
        Very Louis
           Such armdoge 
Delicious chai, a Subway sub, and a new video game. I am winning this day off so far.
.@omgskellie Us over at The Wholesale team at @tattly are huge fans! We hope you enjoy NYC and get a chance to see Brooklyn! cc @ohhnatalie
Everyone do yourself a favor and follow @omgskellie
Guys I think I'm twitter/instagram famous now. I always knew it would be from holding a bottle of champagne.
.@GilmoreGuysShow I just started listening to the cast/watching Girlmore Girls and I just want to say, your Dylan impressions were spot on.
A true and pure Choco Bro Radio hour was recorded tonight!! @lowden11 @eiankantweet   Truly excellent!
I just got Rick Rolled. I missed you 2005.
Azelia Banks is apparently a huge The Thermals fan. Who knew?
.@lowden11 Haha the Phoneathon Kids are Alright
Finding full @mountain_goats concerts on YouTube does certain things to my work productivity.
I felt kinda bad for not donating to my college's alum fund when they called this past Sunday, but then they booked Panic! at the Disco
.@lowden11 It's a job requirement that they basically have to suck. It's what happens when you combine musicians and retail workers!
Sometimes I wish being American had a cool nickname associated with it, like "Kiwi" for our Zealandish pals.
Dis Chai mix tho
When your streak of not stubbing your toe ends, it's not very fun.
Let's have a moment of silence for the first Post-NFL Sunday of 2015.
From reddit: "I always wear my Seahawks jersey on test days because I know I will pass when I shouldn't"
Dat 6 Day work week life
The Tattly Wholesale inbox says 1. ONE. This morning it said 68. SIXTY-EIGHT. Phew.
"Straight down the barrel was his word. In defiance, never bows"
As a New Yorker, can we talk about how friggin sweet Parquet Courts' 'Content Nausea' album art is?
Oh a full Mountain Goats concert from 2008 on YouTube? You shall be my work soundtrack as I try to stay with it today.
Only at the @tattly office will you hear the sentence "Do you need a Hi-Res Sandwich?"
How did it take me three days of Trade Show to do a Pizza Arm?! <SLICE OF PIZZA><SLICE OF PIZZA><SLICE OF PIZZA><SLICE OF PIZZA><FLEXED BICEPS> #nynow #tattly @ Javits Center 
Matchups matter. #SuperBowIXLIX
Chris Matthews this years answer to David Tyree and Mario Manningham. @NYGiants_24x7 @Giants
My prediction about this game being above 45 points total about to come true. Both offenses not fucking around anymore.
Holy crap this half took barely an hour. And only one penalty?!
Watching the game @spinpong !! Nice way to cap off/begin a crazy week! #illmissyoufootball
Nothing more nonsensical than the Subway on a Sunday morning #escapefromQueens
@lowden11 30 for 30 YOU DON'T KNOW BO
@leafburmesch @eiankantweet @Gothamist Leigh you kind of look like the girl in the picture!
Twitter got me all hype to stream the new Louis CK special and then the Internet breaks his website. Sigh.
Strangest part about packing so far is how I have laughably few things.
@ohhnatalie Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Wait a second, @ThisIsStory is that Mr. Cory of Mr. Cory's Cookies on Masterchef Junior?!
Sooooo this snow thing is apparently more serious than I was anticipating.
@lowden11 @Kate_DeMay At least wait until closer to the shows to try and blow up my spot!
@billbarnwell Who would you have cover Gronkowski? Kam? Earl? Sherman? Is this the most important matchup of the Super Bowl?
@storywonk someone probably said already, but "Ted" is mentioned again in Season 5 in passing when Joyce is dating!
@MoveTheSticks @ProducerTD Bummer! Always look forward to the cast! See y'all next week!
For real though the Pitchfork Advance player has to be the worst streaming media player I have ever used.
Hey @pitchfork is there a way to turn off the moving background and visualizations on the Pitchfork Advance player?
Good news! I can still play guitar!
Hey @mountain_goats , thanks for being my favorite Songwriter of course, but also for tweeting about @StLenox last week. Stuff is awesome!
How are the Colts this damn bad against the Pats? It's mind-boggling.
Jesus Christ. What. A. Finish.
God damn the Packers might blow it.
No reason to rush 2 on 3rd and 19. Capers needs to grow some balls considering GBs dominance on D before this drive.
@ProducerTD what do you think of Wilson's body language so far?
No Russell they said play like Eli in the PLAYOFFS. PLAYOFF ELI. #NFLPlayoffs #SEAvsGB
Packers in complete control of this game right now. Hawks need Wilson/Lynch to put the game on their backs. No D here #SEAvsGB #NFLPlayoffs
Here's where the floodgates open #SEAvsGB #NFLPlayoffs
Buck and Aikman are dead wrong. If Rodgers stays on the field this much the floodgates are going to open.
Lol wtf was that music Fox
If this keeps up they could actually gas the Seahawks D. #NFLPlayoffs
@danieljtgallen since the Giants in 2011? :-P
Wow. This game already.
@gosvimmink Awman, "I Got a Curse" 4 lyfe.
@gosvimmink Awman, I'll still take it though!
@gosvimmink Do you see all of this buzz about new Hutch and Kathy and Thermals stuff on Hutch's twitter?!
I really start feeling old when people talk about taking adorable day trips to Beacon. Beacon used to be like SCARY.
No Cities to Love
@Kate_DeMay I'm sure we can use that thing to make green mush out of a breakfast burrito! #willitblend #yesitwill
YO THAT BALLBOY'S DOPE FLATTOP HAIR
Ducks unis are dope as hell except for those whack camo socks. Cmon Nike.
I feel craptastic still but eff yeah National Championship a Game! Go Buckeyes!
The Twerps and Lady Lamb the Beekeeper are about to blow up apparently, 2011 Marc would be so stoked! 2015 Marc is Stoked too!!
@lowden11 @altwoshedsriggs Haha listening to this and keep thinking we will have to release our commentary DURING the songs at some point.
Counting all dem tattoos yo
It's the Winter of Ted here at the office today.
        Such Monday
   So back to grind
            Very work
      Much school
  Many exhaust
        Such ugh
Whatever, I'll still take solace in the fact the Eagles didn't make the playoffs
Congrats on handing this game to the freaking Cowboys #NFLPlayoffs
The officiating in this game is fucking bullshit
@eiankantor Me too! If I were to go to grad school to write my thesis on Moses writing the bible by himself I would choose a B1G school!
@eiankantor Yo dawg. Hows about that Ohio State?
It's a new year so now it's time for me to actually enjoy Real Estate's last album.
@SpotifyUSA Is your website down or is it just on my end? Literally want to sign up for premium but I can't even open your website!
Time is a factor everyone! HNY! @tattly #timeisonmysideyesitis 
@MoveTheSticks What about the bottom teams who so far are staying the course? (like my Giants)? Possible to bounce back with the same staff?
@lowden11 PizzaQuest nevar forget? 
"Oxford Comma" just came on my Spotify shuffle and now I feel mega old. 2007 WAS SEVEN, ALMOST 8, YEARS AGO PEOPLE WTF
Phone's been off the charger for 3 Hours and 34 minutes. Fucking %63, only app open is texts. What the hell
@Ridgefood It seemed pretty bar like to me, very dark lighting, but then again I was there on a Sunday close to midnight.
        Such sleep
   No wake
     Much tire
             So monday
        Unexcite 
My Giants are bad and I feel bad. Ft. @lowden11 
Also today represents the last outing of NY @Giants Football until late next summer. Let's make it a win!! #bigblue #NYGiants
Sooo $112 in cash back or $100 worth of Amazon gift cards?
           Such santa 
@lowden11 haha nah man, rockin the Game of Thrones shirt Kates fam got me!
Gots me some new Jams!! #pajamaz
@lowden11 #sweatercoller much Merry Swagmas 
yOhio, brOhio, shOhio, hellOhio, nOhio....I could go on. #Ohio
Crap I didn't bring any business cards, my job is totally going to sound made up!!!
@Kate_DeMay &lt;3 "@AncientWisdomss It's easy to halve the potato when there's love. -Irish Proverb"
Sometimes I can't tell if I watch Agents of Shield because it's good or for the random Whedonverse cameos.
Love decking out my pals @spinpong in @tattly ! Best part of my job is watching people get psyched about our stuff!!
Holiday shopping after doing retail for so long is basically easy mode. Get out the way noobs.
Someone on my Facebook feed just called Obama a Communist. Gotta love it.
Is there a song more universally adored by just about everyone who was 18-30 in 2007 as "All My Friends"? It's definitely "our" song.
The Killbot Mantis 5000!!! #swissarmy #brooklynrobotfoundry 
Oh the magic of twitter. One of my fav musicians @tedleo follows my boss @swissmiss !! The world gets smaller!
That moment when you sit back at your desk and throw your headphones on, but several minutes later realize you didn't unpause anything.
My brain sees @tattly everywhere these days. Cartolina Birds anyone? #workbrain #tattly 
"Sorry I can't have a cupcake I'm vegan sorry, I'm terrible." #justparkslopethings #ughh
It's watching you.... 
Just got a sweet referral from a co-worker to @FrankandOak I think I may have finally found the reasonably priced clothes I want!
Unfortunately, this customized Security Packaging Tape from Hong Kong is not laced with gold depsite the steep price #wholesaleprobs
If you're ever sad remember that 2003's "The Meadowlands" by The Wrens exists.
Awman, dis Hank Williams vinyl set.
I just realized that two of my favorite Football Podcasts feature writers named Marc. Awesome.
Symbols to live by. 
       So monday
   Many cri
      Where is weekend?
   Much upset
          Such tears 
THAT WAS THE GREATEST CATCH IVE SEEN EVER #odb #NYGiants
I've already clinched my FF playoffs, and yet I am still extremely perturbed by how much I effed my lineup this week.
AAAAHHHHHHH I AM SO DONE WITH THIS FOOTBALL TEAM RINOW
@lowden11 yes but currently my AFC team is winning, so I have that going for me, which is nice.
Hey @MoveTheSticks , love the cast! Was wondering, how do you tell when a struggling team is lacking talent versus bad coaching/luck?
Oh my God, it may actually be a good Thursday night game!
Re-watching Season 6 of Buffy and "Once More With Feeling" is next. Fuck. Yes!
Lol the Giants are so bad, just gonna keep watching every week.
The Dismemberment Plan was fucking amazing! What a great set! Once again got to be on stage for "Ice of Boston" too!
@danieljtgallen @ereedt @anastassia_3 The Ridgewood blogs I follow are soooo pissed about this article. Apparant misquotes everywhere
@AroundTheNFL Be honest, if the Jerseys were blank and there was no recency bias, my Giants look worse than the Jags, Raiders and Jets.
Forget it. Blow this team up. The Jets are even better then this sorry excuse for an NFL team. Fire errybody. Love you Eli/Coughlin but no.
Dear Giants, please play good football. thanks.
Sanchez and Weeden both playing in the NFC East.....this is our year Giants!!!
Bobby Dylan yo #dontlookback #chillinwithDylan 
Yet another reason why Mar-C is better than Mar-K! 
@ereedt Like...reddish font color in E-Mails?
Halloween Meal!!! #yummygummi #candy that's right. hashtag. Candy. 
I was just looking over my last few tweets. Autocorrect corrected Brees, as in Drew Brees to Brews. Drew Brews, elite QB/IPA
Sorry, Brandon Weedon. I'd like him more if his last name was Weed
I hate the damn Cowboys, but I hope Romo is OK. No one deserves Brandon Weed on at QB
First day at @tattly !! 
Lol Green Bay wtf. Why would you ever onside kick with a lead in the first quarter. Let alone vs. Brews in the Superdome
So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains.... #upstatenyrules #tattlyretreat 
At this point iTunes is actively trying to be the worst program everyone has to use.
The delivery guy who brought me my dinner earlier just buttdialed me and left a butt dialed voicemail. Impressive.
Holy crap my heat is on! Awesome!
Finding illegal download links for my music has never been this hard.
@NYGiants_24x7 can this team get its shit together? Two consecutive embarrassments to my most hated teams. Incredibly sad.
What the fuck Giants.
Percy Harvin gets traded to the Jets, thus ruining my Fantasy lineup as the Jets already fucking played last night. FUCKIN JETS MAN
#tbt to a few weeks back when ohhliviaspencer and a couple more of my @thisisstory bros attempted to… 
@lowden11 Boooo "variety of reasons". This will be fun to discuss in the next episode!
@danieljtgallen nah I think this is technically the follow up.
Good Lord, the Giants aren't exactly great this year but they're at least not Jets bad.
@danieljtgallen The album is fucking badass too. Better than Chelsea Light Moving which I also loved.
Adult status rescinded: I forgot to use my %15 off code on Seamless.
I just spent $100 at Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond. Adult status achieved.
The good news about being up this early for work? Holy crap Thurston Moore's new album RULES.
Worst. Game. Ever. #getwellCruz #fucktheeagles
This was a crazy day to have off to watch Football.
Holy wow! I should take more naps!
Lol Olivia Wilde and Jason Sedakis on a motorcycle across an alleyway from me. Sup guys? Remember that Sex Canvas I sold y'all last year?
The refs have ripped off Percy Harvin for THREE TDS tonight. Completely obscene.
If I hadn't already win fantasy this week I would be so pissed about Percy Harvin's two called back TDs
I just want one prime time NFL game this season to not suck.
Episode 5 of the Choco Bro Radio Hour with me and @lowden11 is up for listenin pleasure! 
Recording this week from the Anchor Desk. Eat your heart out Al Jazeera anchors. @lowden11 @VaguelyCultural
Good news guys! This is gonna be the podcast where I play a rap song.
Randomly decide to start watching the Oregon State/USC game and route for the Beavers. Immediate pick six after choosing them as my team :(
@danieljtgallen I was just thinking to myself that Oregon State has some sweet understated unis.
My main man John Darnielle is a NYT best selling author. All praise the Mountain Goats.
Sooo I think the pre-owned copy of Ys I just picked up is signed? Or do all the liner notes have the signed dedication?
Recording The Choco Bro Radio Hour with @lowden11 Check the whole episode out later today on @VaguelyCultural Radio!
Guys what are the sweet iPad apps I need? Also where my free iBooks at?
@eiankantor yes there is. For example we have not hangout in many weeks. It's sads :(
Joined the iPadverse today. It's nice.
@ereedt I'm picking up @mountain_goats new book today! It's already up for a National Book Award!
It blows my mind
HOW THE FUCK has Apple been let off the hook for all these years about how shitty fucking balls iTunes is at basically everything.
I swear like 95% of the time I'm on YouTube more than 10 minutes I end up on the Helmet Catch video.
Also The Hold Steady!! 
The Replacements fuckin killed it tonight! 
Was just at a urinal doing my thing and thought to myself "I hope I didn't go into the girl's room by accident." Wtf brain.
HOLY FUCK I should have listened to this latest Half Japanese album a while ago.
Me and Bobby just chillin. #chillinwithDylan #records #bobdylan #Bawwwby #gettingoutofhand 
Welp, the 2014 season is officially the NFLs darkest timeline. Fuckin hell. Adrian Peterson?!
The Choco Bro Radio hour now brought to you in THREE SIXTY SOUND. @lowden11
Roger Goodell is sooooo fucked.
Every ESPN analyst just picked the Lions.  Giants Superbowl confirmed.
2 Years gone today. Time flies but not a day goes by I don't think about him or tell some silly story. RIP Dad, hope the Giants win for ya!
Lol favorite quote about tonights game: "What the hell? I thought Ariana Grande was just some new font everyone was using."
FOOTBALLLLL
Tis almost the season!! 
I think I might need a #lolgiants this year.
Fuck Yeah! I love this place! @ MetLife Stadium 
I think our next episode of Choco Bro is going to be the one where I get @lowden11 to talk about Hip-Hop
I hate how deceptively hard to play "No Children" is.
Dan Bejar and Neko Case kill it on Brill Bruisers. What's up AC Newman? Step the game up!
GUYS THE BASEMENT TAPES IS HAPPENING
The next episode of Choco Bro Radio Hour recording at the Al Jazeera studio in Chelsea! @lowden11 
Omigosh I am so on edge about P4Ks Top 100 albums of the last not even 4 years!!
Boat hair. 
Lol Pitchfork Top 200 tracks of the decade we are barely halfway through. Also what a joke. Oblivion? Really?
Fantasy Draft mothafucka!
It's hilarious and sad that after friggin 5 years of playing guitar I can still not change my strings without ruining everything.
I just had to ask Dan Pudi from Community to get out of my way so I can get a straw for my coffee. Oh celebs.
The Food Truck episode of Bob's Burgers is fucking on point.
Day 6: The ants got into the box of cookies I bought yesterday. I have made their demise my number 1 priority.
Day 5: The ants have found a new crack in the wall to escape too. The war continues.
#tbt to that time we saw the #giants get their ass kicked but had a good time anyways. HAPPY BIRFFDAY… 
I love how all the only music I care about right now is Bob Dylan or the "Hey Jealousy" Ergs cover.
Watching "No Direction Home", I can't tell if Joan Baez hates Dylan or still loves him.
Hmmmmmm when exactly is the "Retro Era"? #katedoespintrest #retro #wat 
If you can help it, don't ever read the YouTube comments on Bob Dylan videos.
3LPs, a 50 page photo booklet, and a crap ton of tunes I've been obsessing over the last few weeks.… 
I just did 6 miles on an exercise bike wearing Vans.
That time last night when I blew out a super nova! ...I mean my birthday candles! 
@leafburmesch seriously Leigh, how often do you run into people in New York, ALL THE TIME.
IT'S MAH BIIIIRFFFFFDAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I am a fan of this cat! 
And that once again, baby boomers were morons to hate on Dylan for Self Portrait. #allthetiredhorses
I'm becoming more convinced while listening to Self Portrait, alongside Another Self Portrait, that all of these songs are relavatory
@danieljtgallen WHERE THE FUCK IS WALLACE STRING?! HUH?! WHERE THE FUCK IS WALLACE?!
Why are people outraged that these websites conduct little experiments on them? Literally every business does and has forever. Get over it.
Photo:  
Sometimes I forget that I come from a strict Twee musical background, and then I accidentally end up listening to B&amp;S
I can't wait for my birthday in 6 days almost exclusively so that I can blast "We Don't Care" all day.
@ZsMann OR AWESOME.
Disco Duck aka. The moniker of @las_anitas 
OMG are @thedplan reissuing Change?!
Got my guitar back after a month hiatus or so. My hand is KILLING ME
Video: Collie Ryan - “Nothing But Changes” Goddamned gorgeous song. 
OH MY GAWD Charles Dance is gonna be the Master?! How I have I not heard this until just now?!
Video: I purchased Desire today, but I will probably only listen to this song on repeat like a billion... 
Video: This song is my jam right now.  
Photoset: Now that’s what I call a Choco-Sis birthday! 
Choco Sis 4eva!! monsieurmoo @las_anitas ekant1 @lowden11 
Photo: newyorker: A cartoon by Farley Katz. For more cartoons from the magazine this week:... 
I'm glad Brazil got destroyed because eff Havaianas.
Today is my enigmatic best friend, @annagallen 's birthday!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANNA GET READY TO BE YO'ed EVERY FIVE MINS!!!! &lt;cake emoji&gt;
Sweet lord this was a needed day off fo sho.
Video: "If You See Light" Demo. So sparse-yet intense. This is the song that I’ve always thought... 
Starting a load of laundry while this massive black cloud rolled in was not my smartest decision of the day.
Mm those buttcups look mighty tasty. #butterfingercups @annagallen
#doubledayoff continues to pop! Sick record hauls and shandy!
Photo: Hey look its annnagalllen and I. 
Photo: annnagalllen: YO 
"I hate having to think of other people! This sucks." - @annagallen
Bitchin beachin with @Kate_DeMay 
Video: Another. 
Video: Nice vid of a cut from my favorite album of the year so far, Julie Byrne’s “Rooms with Walls and... 
Photo: johndarnielle: Great Moments in Sales Resistance: 6/21/14, the day I didn’t buy the Roddy Piper... 
Audio: inafternoonair: The Thermals — “St. Rosa And The Swallows” I was a complete nerd Wednesday and... 
Audio: inafternoonair: Kevin Morby — “My Name” 
Why do I have a note in my phone that just says "Free cake for every preacher" ?
Video: Remember when you thought you knew what your favorite song was? I hate to break it to you but you... 
Audio: Dope. 
Video: Fastbacks - “In the Summer” From: Very, Very, Powerful Motor (1990) Fucking great. 
Shit, RIP Tony Gwynn. Truly one of the greats.
WHERE MAH QUOOKLYN AT
Ever notice in commercials where someone swipes a credit card in a store machine they always do it the wrong way?
Oh dear.
Kevin Morby with some sick ass lightning. 
Lololol either this is the most worst crowd ever or I am venturing into being too old for this shit.
Holy crap Baby's Not All Right.
Manhattan Inn has all it's ducks in a row. 
Audio: annnagalllen: Bodies made of…SLUGS AND GUTS! 
How long until China destroys us. @annagallen
Photoset: vinylespassion: Jeroen Diepenmaat Kewl. 
@leafburmesch idk but I think it's time someone invented dessert-rock.
@ZsMann I knew what that was before I clicked it!
lol Louis CK watching Gogol Bordello in McCarren Park.
Knew there was a reason he was one of my favs. #bertjansch #pentangle #linernotes 
Audio: lopeorloafresponse: The Mountain Goats - Tribe of the Horned Heart - 03.24.12 You knew that they... 
@Ridgefood PS Ltauha is amazing for reals. Went there for Brunch yesterday and will be going back asap.
@Ridgefood I wanted to ask ya, what's the best chinese takeout in the Wood? Is there a consensus?
Video: Brooklyn’s Lizard Kisses are still maybe the best act you’ve never heard of. Give this one a listen! 
Photo: I’m re-blogging this from one of my ancient tumblr blogs of long ago. Still relevant to my life. 
Video: So pumped to own this record! Epic traditional British-folk tunes with some of the best guitar work... 
Photo: eemmkk: this is marc.  This is indeed me! 
Audio: HEY Y’ALL! Remember that time I had a tumblr? I is back for realsies this time (probably)! PS. The... 
I am so excited to finally own "Folk Roots, New Routes" by Davey Graham and Shirley Collins on wax.
First double-day off! Going pretty well! #3dolladrinks #neitherofuslikehowourfaceslook 
@lowden11 watched the whole series last week! Great recommendation dude!
Ending my Game of Thrones show ban because I'm bored and want to watch something. My convictions are weak.
Yo @tvgirlz , album is dope as hell!
Last day at this extremely silly temp job! The anticipated sequel to my st[]ry starts tomorrow! @ThisIsStory #flipfloppinoutthisjoint
Y'all member this? Now gracing a frame in my apartment! 
"there are just endless topless women here dancing on poles." Tremendous observation by @eiankantor in a strip club.
Can there be an iOS update specifically to just as Yo to the database of autocorrect words?
And "The Concert in Central Park" - Simon &amp; Garfunkel
Today's vinyl haul: "Liege &amp; Lief" - Fairport Convention, "American Favorite Ballads: Songs and Tunes Vol. 5" - Pete Seeger
Bridal salons are nothing like TV! Where's all the wine and poorly placed red velvet cake?!
Fuuuuuuck RIP Marshall headphones.
So apparently legitimately huge dust bunnies can secretly form on your record player needles. The struggle is real.
@eiankantor EIAN! Snapchatting while driving is dangerous!
The NFL regular season begins in just 99 days!
Oh man. This Ted Leo kick is going to be off the rails. #summerofted
Best ending to a Mad Men episode EVER.
Fuckin Ted motherfuckin Leo. 
HOLY FUCK TED LEO
Allison Crutchfield solo at The Silent Barn. 
"Dust in the Gold Sack" is way haunting solo.
Yo in case y'all forgot 'cause I haven't tweeted about it in a while: Bon Iver fucking sucks.
Thunderstorm life!
Happy graduation @danieljtgallen !!! You'll always be the 16 year old kid with Brett Favre sheets to me!! <GRADUATION CAP><GRADUATION CAP>
My Facebook app crashes whenever I try and load the Most a Recent feed. Not before teasing me by showing a message about accessing said feed
Mothafuckin' "City Folk" guys.
@COOP87Records Guys, this Abe &amp; Malka record is absolutely amazing. SO glad it was still there today!
The ole stomping grounds are pretty Good rinow. #pitchnight 
SoHo: proving I am a newb who knows nothing about neighborhoods in Manhattan.
"Diz party be awkward nation." - @eiankantor
Meadows &amp; Rain Febreeze just smells like poop to me now.
@annagallen so true. Much times yo.
Yo @nyctaper are you at Woods right now? I think that's you right?
Lol Frankie Cosmos live is kinda bullshit. Sorry y'all. I wanted to believe.
Eek not impressed with the Frankie Cosmos set so far.
It's a good thing I'm basically always wearing a raincoat.
That Green Cab life.
MC J.D. 
Da Law 
Look at this friggin kid. 
My dumbass older brother is graduating law school today! What is this life?! Proud of that dude though.
Flip Flops are not god-damned rocket science. One day I would like a full day off without hearing from the place.
Lol Louis C. K. and Yvonne Hahahahaha
Tarrytown train station sunset view! 
Yo it's not actually going to be 86 degrees today right?
Everytime I look at my phone I almost get noshed into by the two man mosh pit of awful.
Holy crap I forgot how good Transcendental Youth is.
Manziel leads browns to back to back Super Bowl losses then takes huge contract with the Dolphins and wins three straight.
Browns could have stayed put and gotten Manziel. Waste of a third rounder, but woo JFF I guess!
My G-Men take Odell Beckham Jr.! He will be a receiver of passes.
I really like what the Browns are doing, and I really want someone to pick Manziel so I don't have to hear the manufactured speculation more
OH SHIT BILLS TRADE UP Ok I'm getting way too excited.
OH SHIT BORTLES
Sorry Andrew Luck.
Johnny Manziel has a face for radio.
Ha-Ha Clinton Dix has the best name in this history of names.
All about this #NFLDraft life tonight.
"Where do you work now Marc? I assume some sort of sandal sweatshop, based on your tweets."
I complain about this exact thing a lot, but seriously whoever is in charge of the ads on Spotify needs to be fired. 
More flip flopping than John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign.
I flipped when I should've flopped.
Dear Green Cabs, you rule.
Cassette tape flair! #myanklesardcold #chickensoupforthesole 
Gotta love those mornings when you wake up and just know that things are gonna be chill.
I'm not being ironic by tweeting about it either. I just like twitter. Suck it previous generations.
That spoken word video about how we're all lonely and pathetic bastards because of social media is horrible, pandering bullshit.
As lame as this temp job is it's nice to be like "Nah guys, can't stay any later, I gots to work in the morning." again.
What time is it?! Candy time! 
My feet hurt and my ankles are cold. #flipflops #flipflopapalooza
Jeez NFL media, layoff poor Teddy B. There's plenty of candidates for sad sack dressed up waiting to be drafted this year. #NFLDraft2014
@gosvimmink Christa it's your birthday! Happy Birthday Christa!
Not having to be at work at 7AM today has so far been pretty wonderful.
Please God let me never have to go trough another Point of Sale system training ever again please ever please.
So much Sole #soleful #flipflopapalooza 
Now they're asking me what music I listen to. So far they've guessed: Limp Biskit, Jason Miraz, and John Meyer. WTF is happening.
I'm working with two people from Harlem. One of them just told me: "Ya know what, you're like a male Juno."  #2009
It's been two days. I already don't want to look at flip flops anymore.
OK What the hell. I'm not done. I am officially an angry book-only Song of Ice and Fire guy now.
Also every episode doesn't need a helping of violent sex. #GoT #GameOfThrones Alright, I'm done for now.
Everything about the Night's Watch storyline has just diverged from the books into cartoonish villain-ry land. #GameOfThrones #GoT
Alright I'm gonna go ahead and say it. Game of Thrones (the TV show) is going down the tubes quick as hell. #GameofThrones #GoT
Whatever guys. I for one am thoroughly enjoying the 4th season of Angel.
Aight. Happy Fun Hideaway is pretty sweet.
Awesome time with @theygotemma @ryansartor and @lowden11 tonight! Will have to repeat soon.
Oh hai @lowden11 ! #ionlytakefuzzypictures 
Once or twice a year or so I convince myself a calzone is a good idea. Pro tip: it's not.
I really want to play Cones of Dunshire.
Not another Euro-themed #tbt ! 
Also obvs the division will be decided in Metlife against the Eagles Week 17. I am already having a heart attack thinking about it.
Holy crap the Giants' schedule next year is a freaking gauntlet. Here's hoping the Skins' and Boys suck this year as a buffer.
I think we hit full spring guys! It was 60+ all day but I felt chilly.
Hah didn't realise I was down the block from the Empire State Building.
The best way to not be nervous for a job interview is to have 3 in the span of 10 days or so.
I forgot how bad I am at being sick. Everything sucks forever and my ear won't pop.
This was a story probably not best told over twitter as it is very limited by the 140 character limit. Just saying though.
but then after a few months of not working you still turn it down because over the same week you've had 2 better opps come up.
That awkward moment when you get an E-Mail saying you didn't get the job on Friday but the agency says they want to offer you it on Tuesday
lol twitter what did you do.
That awesome moment when you find an antihistamine you forgot you had in your apartment.
@gosvimmink I'm gonna rank em Track 10, 3, 1, 2, 3 as the stars! Nothin' like a good filthy dance party song for sure.
Halloween or Willamsburg? Paper or Plastic? This season's gripping question: Allergies or Cold?
@gosvimmink I have this exact same argument with myself whenever I listen to it. It's hard to deny songs like "You Changed My Life" though
Anyone else now nursing a crush on the cupcake YouTube girl from the subway?
Also wtf with the crazy cannibal wildlings. Jeez.
The hyper-sexing up of the character Oberyn kinda sucks. HBO loves their nudey scenes but damn.
This years Record Store Day haul. Some atmospheric folk and random Shellshag! 
I haven't slept in this late in a really really kinda time. I feel great!  Lazy but great
Phone interview in a half hour. Locked out of friends apartment. Need a bathroom. Just the best day ever really.
JD on a freaking Grand Piano! 
Love the difference in a Mountain Goats crowd compared to the average Indie Rock show
Stuff is going down over in Ukraine as I'm reading about the Mongols rolling over that area in the 1240s.
@gosvimmink Christa: proving someone is reading my tweets since 2010 or so! Ps. Seeing JD tonight. Hoping it's magical.
"fourteen songs about seven people, two houses, a motorcycle, and a locked treatment facility for adolescent boys." #AllHailWestTexas
For some reason I assume everyone under the age of 35 buying snacks in a bodega is high as hell.
Spring, Summer, and Fall were fun but it's nice to see Winter's back.
How come none of the vampires they fight ever try and stake Angel or Spike?
Definitely one of my better recent pickups. 
Lol wait was Purple Wedding last night's Game of Thrones? I gotta get on this.
For some reason I'm pretty sure Mila Kunis is the last person who should be trying to sell someone Bourbon.
"..and if you spend more than $5 on wine..you are very stupid."
That time my brother got married. #tbt #somethingaboutasiblingday #LouieyoushouldcallMom louf2517… 
I think I just got like a Yeti's worth of hair cut off.
I just got a pi symbol in a captcha.
Ranjit is the best How I Met Your Mother character.
@RidgewoodBeat @RidgewoodSocial Can someone explain to me the finer points of what a Gastropub is and why the new place on myrtle ain't one?
omg I just discovered the sickest poster in my used copy of Hold On Now, Youngster... that I clearly need to listen to way more
"I cherish with fondness the day before I met you." is still one of the best random lines in a song ever.
Weirdly, the board game Mouse Trap has been popping up in conversation a lot lately.
@YoTeeBaby That would be total anarchy. Kinda like when books don't have summaries on the back.
Today would've been my Dad's 72nd birthday. He's RIP'in somewhere with a pack of Slims and a bottle of flavored seltzer. Miss him everyday
Srsly though. Indie Rock in 2008. Right?
Since I will not be attending my college radio station's alumni weekend this year, I am experiencing it vicariously through playlists.
There are a disturbing amount of people on my Facebook feed concerned with the outcome of last night's Wrestlemania.
Wow they totally fucked the Thenns. I hate to be a mega nerd but I was expecting badass bronze armor not creepy face cutter. #GameOfThrones
DAMNIT SANSA THE LEMONCAKES #GameOfThrones
Dayummmn. The dragon budget is off the hook this season. #GameOfThrones
Only took 10 minutes for a hilariously awkward sex scene. #GameOfThrones
Lol immediate Red Wedding flashback.
I bought three Led Zeppelin records at a tag sale today. My apartment is going to be a car commercial for a while.
WTF happened to my Facebook in like the past 2 hours.
@gosvimmink you were right March was kind of a bust. Aprils starting out pretty alright though!
All of my current problems are now meaningless because I am seeing the Mountain Goats in 12 days.
Apparently a long time. It's been a while mlb
Wait. How long has there been challenged replays in baseball?
Seasons 3 &amp; 4 of HIMYM accurately represent unemployment in your mid 20s in NYC. Gotta try the Ice Cream and Beer thing.
@gosvimmink Pshh yeah shoe know it!
I find it hilarious that there exists a brand of catfood called "Science Diet"
@gosvimmink sole amirite?
Seeing a job ad you applied for weeks ago pop up again is very demoralizing.
@jessbuch89 Nah the show was always kind of pointing to that eventually. The waste was the several seasons of Barney+Robin!
"This is where I live, but I've never felt less at home..." #EmergencyandTweets
"Happiness is such hard work! Get's harder everyday, and it can kill you.." #EmergencyandTweets
"There are times I think eternal life aint such a bad gig. Smoke all you want and see the planets.." #EmergencyandTweets
Golden Rex! #ididnotmakethis 
FUCKIN FINALLY. #Marcslostrecordcollectionlives 
For the record the way How I Met Your Mother ended was pretty perfect. Just sadly tainted by a pointless last season rendered meaningless
Ted Mosby's life was super fucked up.
You're never too old for the Brown Bag! #happybirthdayMatt! 
How to get @jessbuch89 to drink: play "Highway to Hell" on the jukebox
FUCK YEAH FINALLY beat 2048
@eiankantor haha well at least they're in college to learn bro!
I would like to work somewheres now.
If you're looking for a good time go and make a 2006 Playlist. That year was the shit.
@i1ana The invasion has begun.
"R U AWESOME?" Have you no shame Craigslist job ad that may or may not be for my old store?
The insurance premiums for Club Bronze must be insane.
It was so obvious Commercial! Of course I don't have a job yet because I haven't completed the right course at U of Phoenix!

This whole Malaysian Flight story is bizarre as hell. As if I needed another reason to be terrified of flying.
Whatever Apple. I miss the big ass End Call button.
I feel like crap. Screw prescriptions.
Obama's in town. Sorry commuters.
I know it's fleeting and false but this weather rules.
Awman. Daylight Savings Time happened didn't it? No wonder.
lol today.
The American Wing at the Met. #homehomeontherange 
Wait...has there always been a disco ball on Music Hall's ceiling?
This rewatch of Buffy is going to be amazing. Bug Monster Thing just took bugs out of a tupperware container marked "food".
I hate to say it but the whole James Murphy subway sounds thing is a pretty stupid idea.
I knew I would like the Juan Waters album. If only the dude would cease being obsessed with flashing lights at his live shows.
So many feels. #viviangirls 
LOL Williamsburg when the L isn't running is fucking hilarious.
@jessbuch89 BUCHS!!! Anna says you may be coming in March! Foto ops yo!
@annagallen welp. Whatever it took we did. #alaska
Mercury Lounge always smells like BO. #mercuryretrogradelounge
IT DOES EXIST 
A live Teen Suicide.
I haven't been looking for a new job anywhere close to long enough to be worried, but holy hell I am bored as crazy.
Don't even try and tell me "Shindig" isn't the best episode of Firefly.
"My ass is made of velvet and my hips are made of stone." much lyrics. such album. Seriously though. Frankie Cosmos.
Tales from the Apartment Mail Pile 
I think today is the first time someone has ever texted me "brb" instead of just not responding to a text for forever. Uncertain how I feel
Video: Quilt - “Tie up The Tides”  Live on WNYC I’ve heard the recent leaks of new stuff from some of my... 
Photo: HOLY SHIT! I randomly logged on today and poked around trying to figure out when the last time I... 
When you recognize someone you  know from a comment on a reddit AMA.
Im not sure exactly when Marnie became the best Girls character, but it happened. #unemployed
Dear Atlas, You're not very different, but I suppose you don't have to be. I'm down.
@lowden11 I'm in Troy and the Outfield just came on. &lt;3 I DONT WANNA LOSE YR LOVE TOOONIIIGHT
@YoTeeBaby haha almost? It's dark as hell in there!
Laser tag is hard with little kid hazards
Goats !! #Pioneering #LoveToday 
"OK Cupid is like not even real." - Alex Ag

No colored liquid, no scent, no skin.
@Slate I figured the disappearing ice would actually warm me down.
Welp, sadly, no dice on the really awesome job I interviewed for. I spose I just keep on trucking then.
I don't think there's been heat in my apartment for like 72 hours. Tis cold yo.
I'm reasonably certain I am going to become "Old Man Ray"
WebMD slipped qutting smoking into my search for how to relieve my current debilitating neck ache. C'mon man.
@gosvimmink I'm bored. Let's hang out!
Marc hasn't discovered 
On the occasion of President's Day and Lincoln's B-Day this past week, I encourage everyone to watch Ken Burns' The Civil War. It's great.
Lol, today in "How to feel really old at age 25,": Think about this, Obama has been President for 5 years. FIVE WHAT HAPPENED TO TIIIMEEEE
Everybody is a magnet some of the time.
Ya know after everything last night Karma could have at least spared me this hangover.
Oh thank God it's snowing. We really needed it after this immense drought.
Worst night ever? Yep. Worst night ever.
You're hair is different colors and you're wearing a big ass fur coat. #dontcaaaaaaaaaaaare girl.
One day I will tweet all of the things I write on my Notes app and you will all be shocked and appalled.
Should've brought my 3DS and Pokemon to this bar. It's a miracle that I am still single.
Alright today. What's up with you?
I want to tweet House of Cards spoilers so bad rinow.
@pitchforkmedia @jennpelly No mention of Laura Stevenson &amp; The Cans? A great band that also always plays these showcases and kills it live.
Oh yeah. House of Cards.
@eiankantor That valentine is fucking Epic.
Man they really want these snowstorm names to stick this year.
It's finally working Spotify. I may actually buy premium because I'm pretty sure you purposely select the most annoying ads. Marv Albert?!
Job interview tomorrow in the middle of what looks to be Snowpocalypse Part 8. Wish me lucks!
@annagallen Apparently it goes back to normal on the 28th! 16 more days yo.
I just wake up everyday expecting snow now.
@i1ana @PaulCameronWBTV That is dope as hell.
Reddit thread about "What is something that makes you feel old?" is literally killing me.
@jessbuch89 BUCHSS!!!!
@danieljtgallen Yeah I noticed that right away but decided it enhanced the feelings I am having.
Cover letters and resumes allude me.
The shitty season made this way cheaper than the Pats one! #goGiants 
Super Bread. 
Bowling shoe cigarette break. 
@danieljtgallen yeah dude! Don Giivanni showcase night 2(3 really) last night had my girl Laura Stevenson! Screaming Females next!
California X shredding like its 1994!
(The band) Priests are mad good. And not just in the biblical sense.
Laura Stevenson shredding it tonight! 
FUCK YES CHARMANDER
Now that's a Good fuckin' Candle 
It's whiskey'o'clock at the makeshift bar we have set up in the bowels of the Javitz Center
Yo remember Last.fm?
Speaking of winter can we all just finally agree that Bon Iver sucks?
OH YAYY MORE SNOWY STUFF TOMORROW HOORAY. #HOORAY
NYNOW trade show or STORY: Where are They Now?
You know the winters been bad when walking 3 Avenues in snow doesn't phase me.
What is even happening in this game right now? Christ.
Someone somewhere made a ton of money tonight on weird prop bets like "first play is a safety"
LAWL Never change Broadway Joe.

Hustling necklaces at NYNOW! 
#nynow trade show with @BethMacri is pretty awesome! Lots of familiar products and faces.
I also lost my phone in the dream, which was probably the actual metaphorical point of said dream, but that is some weird shit still.
I just woke up from a dream where there was a warehouse church next to 285 Kent and after mass the Mountain Goats played.
Kids on the corner with water guns asking passersbys if they would like a "Human Car Wash".
The vacuuming noise from across the alleyway has been going on since 7:30 AM. What are they sucking up over there?!
Hahahahahahaha Gallentine's Day
Over/Under on the amount of Reply All's I get about my College Radio Alumni Weekend.
Jon Stewart ruined Nacy Pelosi's shit last night. Everyone should probably go watch that.
My Alma-Mater apparently has the most on campus drug related arrests. Amazing.
@gosvimmink Hahaha what even.
How does one measure the success of a "first date" anyway?
Jenny MacArthur as the murderous warlord in Revolution. Oh an also there's a New Vegas in that post-apocalyptic world too.
WELLL YOU CAN TELL ERRRYBODDDY
Most sensationalist headline of the day: RT @nytimes Extreme weather is killing baby penguins 
Clear Eyes, Full Hearts..
Anyone else getting CIA ads on Spotify, or am I the only one being recruited?
Valentine's Day Entenmann's Pop'ems bitches
Sweet find of an OG print Yo La Tengo's first record.
Incredibly cold outside but I complain because the heat is so high its making me sweat. #firstworldproblems
@gabrielle914 Haha Right there with ya. Where's the support group for this?
Well I think that's it for me. Sorry Girls. Sorry HBO. Can't do it anymore.
Held in Splendor. Hooray a 2014 new release that I like!
Whoaa Trees Outside the Academy in Friday Night Lights
Yup. I should stay in the next few days.
Yolo Bolo party
Yup. Out of Service 
Today was the end of the first chapter of my NYC St[]ry. Oh well on to the next one.
Christ, the football team in Friday Night Lights has an absurd amount of last second comebacks.
Yo guys. It's snowing.
Richard Sherman also apparently plays the bartender at Matchless in this week's Girls episode.
Statistically it's kind of nuts that the 49ers and Patriots haven't played each other in the Super Bowl considering the last 3 Champ Wknds
Hahaha what the fuck Sherman don't yell at lil Erin Andrews like that!
Classic Sherman. Championship clinching play followed by needless flag.
Wow half of Kaep's ints all season are against the Seahawks. Crazy stat.
Football Karma making sure this game stays awesome despite the refs #SFvsSEA #NFLPlayoffs #NFCChampionship.
AHHH Yes one of these games is finally delivering.
BEASTMODE DOE
Christ watching Russell Wilson scramble gives me a heart attack.
As usual the Patriots tears will be delicious.
Also is it me or are both teams inexplicably snapping badly.
Watch this game be a gritty defensive battle and tonight's have like 90 points scored.
To go to sleep, or to finish this gigantic Smart Water. WHAT DO I DO?!
Welp. 
Trying not to look back in absolute horror at whatever this dude is doing with my toilet bowl that is currently just chillin in my kitchen
Oh My God the plumber JUST got here.
Screw it I need to leave the house. Wonder how many blocks I'll get before getting a plumber call.
Heard doorbell. Got excited that it was the plumber. It was Sassy USPS Worker mad that she doesn't have the keys to our mailboxes.
Hour 3 of waiting for the plumber.
Really disappointed that I can't find a suitable popping champagne ap like the one in the last Parks &amp; Rec episode.
Oh man. American Hustle.
That stain on your jeans that only you will ever notice but still haunts your dreams.
Yeezus is still pretty awful. Would like someone to explain to me how it isn't.
Just now getting around to watching the ASOIAF, Black Friday, South Park episodes. Amazing.
So many promotional emails today.
Dude. Action Bronson
You're not fooling anybody Mr. "POS Machine Handler" job ad.
WHAT IS KIM GORDON DOING ON GIRLS
Ray continues to be the best character on this show forever.
@shainaproblems that is mildly terrifying
Was that really a Scientology commercial? What the hell #NFLPlayoffs #cbs
This weekend's games have been a tale of two halves so far. Things keep slipping away.
Holy shit every game should have a trumpet national anthem.
The playoffs continue to deliver! #nfl #NFLPlayoffs
Oh yeah! People read this!
In other words I almost burned my house down boiling water. I blame Snapchat
I tried to snap chat me boiling pasta as a joke that I was cooking and immediately after accidentally sending a rando pic fire happened
I had the craziest friggin' dreams, and now Spotify won't work. C'mon Wednesday you can recover from this!
I'm trying not to panic about the implications of this, but I am quickly becoming the last 'single' person in every friend group I'm in.
There's literally a post on my Facebook feed about this girl's baby and his explosive diarrhea. WTF is wrong with people.
CCR Sunday.
@danieljtgallen yeah dude! My props for C. Greene are way ups after this set!
@danieljtgallen Colleen Green and Cassie solo. The musics always good but sometimes a crowd makes me wtf hard haha
Eff it musics are fun!!
Rarely, but once in a while I'm at a show and think, "It's possible I'm too old for this."
Andrew EFFIN' Luck. Holy shit.
My brain explodes when I think about how terrible iTunes is for actually managing a library of music.
I don't think I've ever hated an ad as much as I hate the Spotify ad for Chozen.
Man, is 285 Kent really closed?
Welp it happened. I posted a missed connection.
We got destroyed but I'm so happy I got here!!! 
Fuck. Yes. 
So many Seahawks bandwagoners
Dog selfie!! 
If I lose my fantasy league this year it will Peyton Mannings fault. :( Sorry Manningbro.
@lowden11 This is my new favorite "Small World" story.
Tell em how you really feel Santa. 
Ridiculous month of nuttiness at work Part 8 begins tomorrow.  Hoo boyyyy
What demographic of Thanksgiving football is all about a Selena Gomez halftime show?
Fuck you Joe Buck. I'd rather talk to my family than listen to you call another game.
The Packers may be losing, to my Giants, but @lowden11 has a pretty sweet apartment. Also wings and ribs.
lolGiants
One-Third.
AND the skinny guitar playing dude in one episode is named Dando.
Ok, who's the writer on Blue Mountain State who's into indie rock. The team's called The Mountain Goats.
I love watching Canadian NFL streams because of the weird commercials. NOBODY BEATS THE BRICK
So it's actually 10:30 right now right?
I love 285 Kent and have a million irreplaceable memories there, but I mean c'mon..has any video taken at a show there ever sounded good?
The Giants are so terrible that I just read a comment about it in a reddit post having nothing to do with football. Referentiallly bad.
I'm having a great football Sunday. Most likely due to having my hopes and dreams crushed by the Giants on Thursday instead.
@michaelstrahan Mike! Is this season a wash for the Giants? How do you think we bounce back from 0-5? Love my Giants and want to believe.
Bill Calahan!! #badpicturegreatshow 
The Cowboys losing like that makes me feel moderately better.
I've seen a lot of bad Giants teams in my day, but this is completely absurd.
Yeah Eli! 27th all time passing yards! Suck it Troy Aikman
Someone in the apt across the alleyway is also watching the Giants game. We are clapping in unison
The government shutdown is preventing the troops from watching football. WHAT THE FUCK FIX THIS
So pumped to see Bill Callahan tonight!
My hatred of the Shuttle Bus grows.
@lowden11 I uploaded it for you already!
omg I am listening to a new Dismemberment Plan album.
YES GO JOSH GORDON MAYBE ILL WIN FANTASY FOR ONCE
Somehow Superchunk managed to play both of my favorite songs from a 20 year pool of material!!
What the Fuck Giants
Gmail is so devious. All of the E-Mails from my Yahoo Fantasy Football league go straight to Spam.
I'm down with iOS 7 if only for the new music interface. SO cool
Back to work today! Can't wait to see my @thisisstory peoples!
@i1ana Attempting a Rapid Return to Normalcy
Records and real coffee. Oh Home, I DID miss you.
Yep. Last day of the trip! 
Street Art at the old Catholic/Protestant dividing line in Belfast. 
@gosvimmink haha move to NYC so we can be bffs yo
“@gosvimmink: Chocolate freaking everywhere on this scarf #partyforaslongasyoucan” it's a champagne jam!
My goodness! 
Everything about St. James Gate is awesome.
How do we hold all this Guiness?! 
The White Tower at the Tower of London! 
Abbey Road is fairly nondescript 
The biggest of Ben's! 
The Big Blue Cock o' London! 
Buckingham Palace! 
Ughghhhh I am loving this trip to Europe but I am hating missing this NFL action. Go Big Blue!
Really cool! 
Notre Dayuuuuuume 
The Mona Lisa kinda sucks but yayy I saw it! 
Yeah touristing! 
The Zurich part of this trip was crazy random but I'm gonna miss it still. Onward to Paris! Super 'Murica mode engage!
Pikemen!!! 
Medieval Swiss textile swatches! Thought the An(n)a's would appreciate this. 
Zurich is pretty, expensive. 
Part 2! 
Castles!! 
The Red Baron's plane. 
This guy. 
Yes. 
Hofbräuhaus! 
Gotta get on that party cable car tomorrow.
Munich Day 1: been awake for 30 plus hours. Totally worth it.
No records allowed!!! 
Starting out this trip right with a massive head bump before I even leave Albany.
Shit even passing through Poughkeepsie this time of year on a train is freaking me out a bit.
@MASTERCHEFonFOX Why are all of the contestants so antagonistic this Season? I feel like everyone were mostly pals last year.
First packing job of my life that I am legit proud of!! #eurotrip 
intro*
Breaking Bad has the best into. Why does every HBO show have to have like a 3 minute song title.
I really should have listened to this Laura Marling album a while ago huh
@itsadredogg I work in Chelsea! Clearly I am missing out on this fountain of Nutella products.
"Everybody's working on the weekend!" ..wait that's not how that song goes!
Too tired to go out, but FUCK YEAH PRESEASON GIANTS FOOTBALL
@itsadredogg wait what the hell is dinosaur kale that sounds goddamn amazing #prehistoric
Chains Gang is all hotties.
This epic Myth of Lin on MasterChef is friggin' crazy.
That horrible moment when you realise you threw out the rest of yr chinese from the day before by accident.
@Flint_TinderUSA shaping up to be a pretty awesome denim launch @ThisIsStory !
Moon Colony Bloodbath (ltd edition Mountain Goats tour only split with John Vanderslice) is now mine!… 
Oh hello copy of Moon Colony Bloodbath. You are mine now.
GET YR LEMONADE TWENTY FIVE CENTS!
Idk what this is but it looks amazing!! 
The amount of emoji in my inbox now is truly crazy
Buchs is here!! 
@michaelstrahan I've been re-watching Chuck (one of my all time fav shows) and yr episode just came up! Forgot about this! Looks like fun!
Yeah Chuck is still the best show ever.
@eiankantor Everyone except you has responded to my Bday gathering text! YOU COMIN BRAH?!
My YouTube recommendations are an interesting smorgasbord of football highlights, Mountain Goats clips and documentaries.
Seth Meyers and Jerry Seinfeld getting coffee at Roebling Tea Room.
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee
Chase bank officially the first to wish me a Happy Birthday with a week-early card in the mail.
Frantically hoping a coworker texts me saying that my All Hail West Texas reissue has arrived.
Uhhh 
Joey! Noooooo 
Q: Should I buy a lefty Mandolin for only 99 bucks?
Nothing to do on a Friday night? Better download 4 gigs of music by one guy.
TIL that my favorite WWF moment as a kid actually happened in Albany, NY. Weird.
I feel like Obama right now. This is clearly a "Certificate of Birth" not a Birth Certificate. It better still be good to get a passport.
It's a quarter past 11 almost and it's fucking 93 degrees outside. Whyyyyy
I hate UPS so much right now.
@lowden11 as it should be brother!
Yeah Nature! 
Fun times at Lake Sacandaga! 
Fuck I just read something on the Internet that made me laugh way too loudly on this Amtrak train.
Can someone explain why everyone thinks Lin is so good? #masterchef
@MC4Bri I am not even done watching this episode, but yr my new favorite chef based on the response to winning the box haha "COOOOL"
Holy crap I get 15% off at the Giants store because I was a huge nerd and got the Fan Debit Card.
YES Time to finally order my Cruz jersey!
Little reunion! @las_anitas @lowden11 monsieurmoo ekant1 
Original Art by @las_anitas 
This Is Happening. 
How is it possible that people are still so bad at tagging Hip-Hop mp3s?
I don't understand why there is no AC on this Amtrak train. :( the travel gods have forsaken me this trip.
Sandy vagina jokes inspired by Ilana
Dear Palais Royale, I would like to marry yr bartender. Thanks.
Fleeing downtown Albany haha wow. 
Fireworks!! Sup Albany! 
Guys. GUYS. DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TAKE THE CHINA BUS TO ALBANY
Dear Albany, I am going to be in you on like 3 hours or so.
@ZsMann word dude! Well ill seeya for cabin weekend right?
Just another day at the office with an All Pro DE from the Giants getting a hot shave.
No clue what this band is called but they rule.
The Kayz! I think, or The Kayze. Either way that's my BFF on the drums! 
@danieljtgallen yr presence is felt bro, the Yanks/Os game is on at the bar!
Hangin out with almost the full Gallen crew!
Why do I have to destroy all of the jellies anyway? I'll have you know some people like jellied candies!
No, YOU clear all the jellies.
Taco People via @las_anitas 
I never in a million years thought I'd ever see a new Dismemberment Plan album get released.  Gonna be a goooood fall.
Candy Crush just locked me out for the next 12 minutes because I suck so bad at it.
Holy crap the laundromat has AC
Roger that shirt, I will not set you on fire. 
I have taken 0 pictures on my new phone so far. Really need to get snappin'
Wow even Scalia voted against hearing another appeal about Prop 8.
Cue everyone lining up to draft Jake Ballard in their Fantasy League!
The title of the Mad Men finale should have just been "Reality Check"
I am never eating at Joe's Crab Shack again. Queezus
@nyctaper The amount of times I have relived the Mountain Goats show at Maxwell's 2 weeks ago via your great recording is absurd. Thanks!
Are you kidding me Pitchfork? Yeezus is awful.
Highly recommend "I Give it a Year"
Songs of Shame
That gentle cheer when everyone in a Mountain Goats bootleg realizes they're about to play "Love Love Love"
Lol girls of White Fence set.
So many people here in Northside badges. I member them days.
Tonight, the stars keep on calling my name.
WHERE THE SHIT AM I ?!!! 
So, what do you think the headcount is on bands that have rhymed new York city and girls are so pretty? #classic
@inafternoonair yes, yes they are!
JOHN DARNIELLE SIGNED MY TOTEBAG
NYTimes photog just got my info for a pic for an article about the closing of Maxwell's haha cool.
Lol ppl on the same path train as me earlier at this show.
My phone hates New Jersey but Maxwell's is kinda awesome. Wish it was sticking around.
Love how they ended the Red Wedding episode. So unceremonious, just as it should be.
Awman, I am so not ready for Matt Smith to not be the Doctor.
Nooo I want more Arrested Development. Efffff
@RidgewoodBeat what just happened on the M train at Seneca?
It's not turnover unless I find tape bits attracted to my arm and old price tags under my shoes.
Yessss 
"Marc! You fucking Dick flick!" - Ana S.
2nd repurchase of my old record collection from when my Dad died and I lost all of it! So pumped! Cc… 
Fair warning 
LoL Law &amp; Order fake brand names are great. "5 Crazies" instead of 4 Loko.
@itsadredogg Drinking? The answer to this has to be drinking.
What in the HELL is happening on this episode of Mad Men?
@ZsMann Love, love, love the Clara explanation! And Clara in general. Interested to see where they go with the whole John Hurt thing.
All kinds of hub-ub outside of the Ridgewood/Bushwick McDonalds just now. Crazyness.
Where I should be standing. 
This deli has better sound than 285.
@lowden11 Classic Lowden.
@lowden11 OH MAH FUCKIN GAWD
Sarah getting discovered via a Story commercial shoot! 
Oh my God this flight scene. I can't even watch people on TV fly without getting the heebie jeebies.
Ladies of the night trainz.. 
It has been a long while since I was so sick that A) I got let out of work early and B) It interfered with stuff I really wanted to do. :(
Duh. 
Holy Story Wall! 
@k_crutchfield If they still made Sprite Remix--which tasted quite like Skittles--it would probably be an awesome mixer.
Doo-Woppin all over the place yo. 
So the floating fetuses in jars was by far the dumbest thing HBO has done with Game of Thrones so far. Just..why?!
Waxahatchee live kills me every time.
Awesome sand-castle monument thing. 
The first round of this draft has been hilarious. No Geno, No Manti, a fuck ton of O-Lineman, and a single QB no one as heard of.
@NorathOrSouth Ugh thank God. Nora &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Barbara.
YAYY Finally the Giants are up to draft.
@Elyssajane LOL Elyssa I love yr eviscerating of yr Mom's boyfriendthing on Facebook. Classic.
I'm gonna be sad if the GIants don't draft a RT or a Linebacker. I know they never do, but come on.
Singing is RIDICULOUSLY easier today and I am attributing it to not having a real cigarette in two weeks. (except for 2) #robotcigs
Also one from Manhattan! All boroughs!
1 Hell's Kitchen contestant from BK, Queens, and the Bronx AND 1 from Westchester. Lower NY taking over this shit.
Ahhh the opening sequence is the contestants fighting Hell's Kitchen themed death robots!
OMG How come no one told me Hell's Kitchen had been back for weeks!
Molly really enjoys rescuing abandoned books! 
Freaked out rinow about this other marc p. who writes reviews of all the restaurants I order from on Seamless.
Jesus Christ, WTF happened last night?
Every character I like in shows ends up doing something stupid. Goddamnit Peter Russo.
The Thermals are doing an AMA at 4. WATTTT
Currently eating Goya Maria Cookies and Polenta. Turns out I am Puerto Rican after all!
&lt;3 you Magic Drawing Table. 
Let Them Eat Art! @thisisstory 
Oneonta reference on Mad Men!
Womp womp, extension filed bitchesss
Holy shit Betty.
@LauraAndTheCans "Eleanor/Beets Untitled", NYC!
Ugggggh Betty Draper why are you so horrible
I feel like something called an "E-Cigarette" should have more drugs in it.
So my weather widget says a high of 82 degrees today...that can't be true right?
Helllooooo Albany!
Chelsea Light Moving, ft. fucking Thurston fucking Moore! 
Fuckin Thurston fucking Moore!!! 
Ahhh amazballs Waxahatchee show. 
Holy shit I am glad I don't work at the Target in Brooklyn
So who is worse? Betty Draper or Skylar White?
The MTA is now 200$ richer thanks to @eiankantor and I!
Boom Dutchess County reference in Mad Men. Apparently my hometown was once known for being where housewives in Westchester bought lamb.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
@DJFriendlyKnow Just startin' on Mad Men!
Saturday night? Hot tea and Netflix baby. #wildnight
The Fourth Great &amp; Bountiful Human Empire!
The new Waxahatchee comes on some sexy, see-through-blue, vinyl. Dope as hell. #dope #waxahatchee
Magic Drawing Table!! 
OMG and the new Laura + The Cans. Never sleeping.
ZOMG I HAVE THE NEW THERMALS
Ah fucking Shoshana.
13 Hour workday? Immediately pour scotch and order a bacon cheeseburger upon getting home.
As a Giants fan I am sad to see @JoeGryffindor and Lawrence Tynes go. Tynes is a NYG hero and Bennett was fun to watch this season. GL guys!
New Waxahatchee and La Big Vic records are frackin impossible to find around here, but I did score The Men and Life of the World to Come
NO THATS YR OTHER EAR WHAT THE SHIT
It's getting more awkward somehow!
This is the most awkward half hour of television I have seen in quite a long time. Good job Girls?
Art Cash #money 
I just slept for 12 hours. Fucking amazing.
@thethermals So excited for tonight at 285! My Body, Blood, Machine repress just came in the mail today with a No Culture Icons 7"! STOKED
NO ONE IDEAL/NO WHAT I FEEL
Babes 
So far Ray is far and away the best character on Girls. Hope he sticks around.
So is this chick in Girls supposed to be actually British or is it like a fake accent her character made up? Confused.
I love when my not NYC friends call me. So many St{}ries!
Wait isn't this the same thing as the Fiscal Cliff? Why did they need a new name?
Damnit I don't even know what the Sequester is. I am off my game.
Every Taco after 1AM on a Friday night is the best Taco of all time.
Cookn up Something Good! 
Lol nothing like social-media-confirmation of how retarded I was two years ago.
I am going to laugh so hard when the Chiefs beat the 49ers in the Super Bowl next year.
Good to see Old Man Bluthe play the defense attorney on SVU tonight.
I love that I just RSVP'ed to shows Monday through Wednesday of next week right after being told I would be working 12+ hour days then.
There are so many albums I need streaming right now.
@thisisstory My wellness tip would be "Don't get stressed out at work!!!" #VitamixTip
Guys remember when Autre Ne Vuet was the crazy guy yelling into a microphone by himself on stage at Shea Stadium?
This band Cuddle Magic is surprisingly intense.
@lowden11 Joanna Newsom - Have One On Me (2010). Honestly, it's not even close.
D'awwww Newsom and Samberg
Waxahathee album is streaming. The day gets better!
Shit eating grin. All Day
@lowden11 Also known as "The Lowden"--a look popularized in the early 2000s.
Lady Lamb the Beekeeper has got all kinds of bells and whistles tonight!
Part 2, solo! Wish I had taken this after she whipped out the banjo. 
Lady Lamb the Beekeeper at Knitting Factory! 
This band before Lady Lamb is awesome. Sad I missed a band called Cuddle Magic though.
Was not expecting Ariel Pink in this yoga playlist.
Guys whatever you do don't go look at the beginning of your Facebook posts. #dark #2006wasweird
I have made a bunch of new friends this week!
@ZsMann don't worry I've done the same thing. Still occasionally miss my wheels though.
I really want the Strand to be the best bookstore, and then someone goes through the narrow walkway with a rolly suitcase.
@eiankantor Congrats dude!!
Welp, that was the most fun I've had in a while.
So I did the first song of Goats karaoke, then I did This Year. Awesome time.
@mountain_goats if you could hear someone do any kareoke song here what would it be?
@gosvimmink current plan is Alpha Rats Nest, Source Decay and/or The Alphonse Mambo!
My boss defacing the store! @thisisstory #inpursuitofmagic 
@gosvimmink haha well worst comes to worse I can be that ny friend!
@gosvimmink haha that picture is amazing. Ps. mountain goats karoke tonight!
@widowspeaking I watched the whole recent season of Downton a couple of weeks ago and I am still not really over it.
I wish the re-doing of the apartment upstairs from mine required less sawing.
Digging this Chelsea Light Moving album so far.
Awman, nothing feels better than coming home late on a holiday weekend to the sounds of some sweet impulse record purchase.
The Story Management Team!! 
Shoe shot!! "@rachelshechtman: Ready for his close up @marcpicciolo @SPiNGalactic @ThisIsStory Sunday #hang 
Ping Pong action shot! 
Staff party with the rest of my @ThisIsStory peoples!
Holy crap The Milk-Eyed Mender is amazing.
About to drop ludicrous money at this record store. #newturntables
. @viviangirls are about to go on. Massive nostalgia from the day before my birthday almost 4 years ago.
Still think Kendrick Lamar sucks #housemusix
One future wife a week on February. Widowspeak! 
New stuff from @EternalSummers sounding prety badass right now. #bymyselfatbigshow #musichall #hashtags
Heliotropes were pretty effing good.
Finally!!! 
Hahaha nothing like a good ole nightime phone convo with @NorathOrSouth !
@gosvimmink So, this is pretty exciting: 
NEW THERMALS SONG
I am beginning to get ridiculously excited for this Mountain Goats Karaoke thing next week.
@NorathOrSouth Wait the Pope can retire?!
4am Black &amp; White cookies are the bestest.
Laura Stevenson, aka. The future wife. 
Omg Jeffery Lewis.
Waxahatchee is breaking my heart in the best say possible rinow.
Waxahatchee 
Beer plus show? Eff work and snow!
Goin into work today. There's nothing people want to do more during a harsh winter storm than buy a $125 decorative football! amirite?
Haha Ruxin on Parks and Rec is amazing.
Also I think I am finally getting my guitar-groove back after not being able to play in November and December.
Oh man. Waxahatchee made Game of Pricks a sad, sad, sad song. I better bring tissues on Friday.
Hahahaha "Riot Crrrrl"
@eiankantor Eating a Roni-Roll and thinking about yew.
On my subway commute this morning I will be distracted by thoughts of how many people with headphones on are also listening to m b v.
Also was that John fucking Barrowman?! What is going on with the cameos in this movie.
Also Andy from Parks and Rec!
Love that King Stannis and Pete from the League are in Zero Dark Thirty.
Jesus Christ. The writers of Downton Abbey are just as bad--if not worse--than GRRM
Unsurprisingly, Waxahatchee is a new favorite of mine. The Don Giovanni Showcase is gonna be awesome!
Finally have shows lined up the next few weekends again!
My God...where ARE the Baby Pigeons.
About to watch the Series Finale of 30 Rock. Gonna miss yew Lemon &amp; Co.
BATES NOOOO
Currently being paid to watch a truck outside of a trade show. Great view of the Hustler Gentlemen's club.
I was walking around in 5 degree weather this weekend and now it's going to be 50 plus again. What is this?!
CARSON NOOO
"I hope the salty pudding didn't ruin the evening for you." #outofcontextdowntownabbey
This town is absolutely retarded, and yet I still missed it.
Yayyyy Albanyyyy
Holy shit. God help people who come through Penn Station everyday. Oy
I love that I am choosing to spend my vacation days in Albany--one of the few places where it's colder than in NYC rinow.
SO GLAD THE HEAT STILL DOESN'T WORK AT WORK. HAHA. When they find my body in the ice tell them how I lived.
ST{COLD}RY 
Oh David Akers. Go Falcons!
This stuff is amazing!! Football and Ginger Beer 
Happiness tea + Nicotine Patch = WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MY BODY?!
Everyone should follow NYGiants Tight End @1987Marty anyway, but his analysis of the T'eo thing is just flawless twitter-hilarity.
@danieljtgallen Possibly the most hilarious and whacked out Sports Scandal in a long time.
All I am seeing is Manti T'eo's draft stock plummeting.  Perhaps even..to the 19th pick in the 1st round?
This has been by far the least productive day off I've had in a while, but hell I did watch an entire season of The League.
Cold War--the new LP from @LABIGVIC is unbelievably good. We gotta catch up soon Emilie &amp; Co.!
So much delicious Puerto Rican food.
Totally sleepin' in a bed tonight for the first time since October. GOING TO BE GLORIOUS.
Colleen Green. In &lt;3.
I haven't heard a bad 2013 song yet...YET.
Yes! The days on this air mattress are officially numbered!
Letting Fridge delivery people take shots of Grey Goose!
13 Hour Day at work is finally over! It's a good thing this Story is going to be chill as all hell when it's done! All porch swings here on!
Nope. I don't know either. #blessyou 
Dayumn! And yes I'm still at work, but check this shit out! It's aliiiiiiive. 
The new Yo La Tengo is ridiculously fucking good. It's crazy. Seriously.
The new iTunes actually looks pretty sweet in Album viewing mode with all of the artwork. I mean I still hate iTunes, but looks.
Damn that tide sure is rollin'
Totally have some furniture now!! Shout out to Swedish Engineering, my brother, and @annagallen !
Holy shit Woody Paige really let himself go.
This game is crazy! #GoSeahawks #Bandwagon
Ray Rice however, is extremely convincing.
Joe Flacco is such an unconvincing starting QB.
Of course the record player I buy is defective.
Oh. My. God. Hanzel and Gretel: WITCH HUNTERS is a thing.
Ready for some Feetballz!!
Awman, I haven't had 3 days off in a row since I was unemployed those couple of months. This is gonna be so chill.
It'll take a while to rebuild, but I'm off to a fairly good start. 
Holy Cow. #Ridgewood Thai has outdone themselves. This is some spicy fuckin' Panang fuckin' Curry!
Me as a Female Mannequin 
Awman, my 2013 sleep schedule is already jacked up!
The Gallen Challenge NYE edition, @annagallen @danieljtgallen 
All of the delicious Cowboys tears are making me feel way better about the Giants missing the playoffs.
My quotes for the rest of today will be "FUCK YOU 2012" and "GET ME ANOTHER DRINK" Oh and I guess I have work too.
Here's the the God-damned New Year..
Only my Homeland Security roommate can start a story with "Oh there's this woman at FEMA headquarters who's a huge Redskins fan"
New Years on @annagallen's table. 
@lowden11 haha yeah. Ps I apologize in advance but I'm totally pulling for AP and the Vikes this game!
Aaand the Bears win. RIP Giants season. Ah well, can't win em all!
Things get crazy when there's only 8 gigs on yr iPod. Crazy snap judgements on what to load up. EFF IT WHOLE UNCLE TUPELO DISCOGRAPHY!
Ghost bride Jenny is pretty scary too. 
Ghost John is scary. joferrin 
Oh Trojan commercials.
@ZsMann What?! Blasphemy!
Fuck yeah finally gonna watch the Doctor Who X-Mas special
X-Mas!
There is a Ridgewood X-Mas Bash going on loudly in the apartment across the alley from my bedroom. It's totally slammin'
Haha this game is awesome.
I am so glad the Seahawks are winning, but my Fantasy Football Championship matchup is not.
It's warm as hell in the apt. There's Chinese food on the way. There's whiskey. There's Football. Awesome.
Best Grilled Cheese in NYC outside @thisisstory 
I'd like to thank every year end list for reminding me how awesome Sharon Van Etten is.
Fucking hell this song is actually called "Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe"
Awman, watching Terrell Owens on First Take is also making me feel old. Also the act of watching First Take on TV. #Old
Sorry, The Mountain Goats at #1
Here are my top 3 Albums of the year by Artists that I have actually heard of: 3) Fiona Apple 2) Dirty Projectors 3) The Mountain Goats.
I must be getting old. I have never even heard of the dude with Pitchfork's best album of the year.
Also a shooting down the block from the new digs. Jeez
Fuck Yes Cable Television.
Fucking hell I actually legitimately miss Target on days like this.
@NorathOrSouth She hasn't dated me! I totally would too, but I had a nightmare that she was in my store and yelled at me. Don't ask.
So glad my annual retail-work-season cold just gained it's second wind. The feels are terrible.
Woo! Working fridge!
Lol getting drunk with the Story team was a fantastic idea.
Omg I should not have went on espn at work.
@coloringkatie Haha I am glad you have always been amused by my tweets. But seriously though, I cannot win.
That time I was optimistic about a girl situation and then I remembered this is me we're talking about.
FASTEST INTERNET EVAR
Awman. Haven't worked this sick since....last holiday season! #retail
Apartmented!!!! 
Hahahaha Man Perkins.
My sister-in-law made Cheddar Biscuits. Everything is continuing to come up Marc.
@RidgewoodBeat I'm signing a lease in the Wood on Monday! Woo!
Everything is coming up Marc!!
Manatees @annagallen and Allison! 
Totally applying for an apartment
Gonna see apartments today!!! Woo!!!
Oh man I am SO TOTALLY PUMPED for this team meeting that I have to go in early for!
I have absolutely no "on my way to a date" tunes on this iPod.
Greeen 
Ja-pan-droids 
Dude DIIV is for Friggin real.
Oh my word! Finding an apartment is going to be hilariously easy now!
@JerseyChaserr More AWESOME news!!!!
@TeamVic That was definitely rough, but we still have the division this year! I'm all about another All In end to the season.
It's a good thing a couple of awesome things happened today to offset the crushing Redskins loss.
Dude. 
That about sums it up. 
"Today we have a Benny Goodman recording played over another recording of Miles Davis."
Welp, probably no access to all of my things and I had to miss a sublet appointment. Best day.
I'm up at 5:30 because my life no longer makes sense, but hey! New Thermals record announced!!!!!
Man I really hope the 49ers tank the rest of the season. #TeamAlexSmith
Maybe my posters will end up in an episode of one of those shows where people bid on bank-owned storage units or something.
Also a decent amount of all of my worldly possessions may be gone forever, so that's cool.
Well that kinda blew. Maybe I'm not so fed up with my lack of a home to take just anything.
How the shit did Gore Vidal end up being one of the talking heads in this Jefferson documentary?
Day off? Ken Burns' Thomas Jefferson documentary.
People with iPhones need to stop tweeting emojis. So many blank squares in my feed!
I forgot about my "HURRICANE SANDY, BITCHES" playlist that I made on Spotify
Hahhhh Ridgewood Bank ad. on Hulu
A fitting conclusion.
I can't believe it took Sam a whole 17 episodes to realize Cindy was a total bitch.
LOL Ben Stiller the Secret Service agent.
Cee-Lo Green dueting with Kermit on "It's not easy being Green" fucking GOLD
No explanation necessary. 
I need to get out of herrreee. Hour 9 and counting
Haha NBC playing the Salsa music.
LOL Eli on the run.
Idk about calling that kick attempt. It's pretty windy in the Northeast bro.
@inafternoonair STAHP ahhhhh Gallen convos &gt; Twitter hahaha
@lowden11 OH MY GOD and Justin Tuck is STILL tweeting. If we lose tomorrow to you guys this is gonna be my go to excuse.
Following Giants players on Twitter is nerve racking. Cruz is just getting to sleep now?! WTF MAN GET YR REST
Seamless is going to destroy all of my money eventually.
I think my new favorite part of this job is being the de-facto DJ of the store.
This is the chillest black Friday ever.
The Jets suck so bad that now even rational people want Tebow in there.
Lol Jets
Nice dinner with my Mom and my sister in law's fam! Really missing my Dad today though.
Dad always tried to say it was Thanksgiving that time when his upper dentures split in half, but it was Easter.
I seriously just got an E-Mail confirmation of being removed from an E-Mail list.
Personified was probably the wrong word to use there considering a GIF is not a person. #GIFonified
Who else's Thanksgiving is going to be personified by this GIF? 
Everything Freaks &amp; Geeks said about "On the Road" is totally on point.
I knew this job would eventually have bad days, but jeeez. Countdown to Turkey Day and never taking a bus into the city ever again.
@lowden11 goddamnit phone..
People at the Port Authority are kind of ducks.
lol awake at 6AM
LoL Rashida Jones on Freaks &amp; Geeks
Slowest N train in existence! #almostthere
The store is finallly open!!!
Man I just had the most intense conversation about Hurricane Sandy with a cabbie from Staten Island.
I just went back and re-read a ton of my old tweets. Hilarious AND a huge mistake at the same time!
LOL "Why don't you make like a woman driver and GET LOST" Kristen Schaal on 30 Rock is gold.
Stereogum's list of the D-Plan's best songs is actually pretty correct.
Al Gore did an AMA?! The things I miss when I work 12 hours and then drink a bunch.
Lol this job
@ZsMann Oliver's, that beer warehouse place off Central.
Hipsters being blamed for a Brooklyn Restaurant's woes in Kitchen Nightmares.
Jeez, I can't even get an E-Mail back from Seamless today.
Today was my first weekday off since starting this job, and I am bored out of my mind in the best way possible.
Ads: "1 of 4" FOUR ADS Hulu?! What the hell is that all about.
One day one of these Greenpoint apts. will E-Mail me back. One day.
Damn people effing love @Thebabiesband #idotoo!
This H&amp;M line is made worse by the 99% heat index in this store.
@_JuicyJasmine haha holy shit 9?! I am so sorry.
Well tonight was definitely interesting!
Dignan Porch Sunday!!! #guestlist 
I think I may just drink straight through the Giants bye week after this nonsense.
"Well, at least I'm not losing to the Bengals by 25 points." - David Petraeus.
This is as poor a game as I have ever seen the Giants play in the Manning-Coughlin era.
It's not bad enough that the Giants are being spanked, but my Fantasy Team is also shitting itself this week.
Remember last year when we won the Super Bowl, that was fun. This is not.
Has anyone else ever pondered the Walter White (Breaking Bad)/Daniel Plainview (There WIll Be Blood) similarities?
Haley's roommate on Modern Family rockin' an Okkervil River poster. Whatever happened to them?
ONE TWO KALMAZOOWORSTCOMMERCIALEVER
Gotta love the actor with one of the highest body counts on Breaking Bad playing Ben Wyatt's Dad.
12 hour work Friday! Woooo
Totally still at work for the foreseeable future.
"@Thebabiesband: Cooking with The Babies: 
Train delayed because of a police investigation. Certainly a new one.
The Fresh and Onlys was the dopest! Quilt too!!
@i1ana Glad yr finally on the bandwagon!
Effing snow
Goddamnit. First I cancel plans to see Tim Cohen tonight and now I can't even do laundry.
The Chelsea Tundra 
LoL @ "Mess Me Around"
Karl Rove grasping at straws on Fox News right now is borederline the funniest shit I have ever seen.
I told all y'all.
I feel bad that literally none of these people on TV care about the West Coast vote. It's all about Ohio and Florida.
I still can't listen to the new Babies record via too much Election coverage on TV. SOON
Someone remind me to listen to the Babies album that's apparently streaming rinow when I get off work.
Well it's actually 9:30-7, this is still retail after all, but still I'm gonna get a taste of the normal NYC commute
LoL and G-arbage trains still out of commission. Also I have 9-5 hours this week. This is a new feeling.
If the @Giants are serious this year they should probably stop blowing leads all over the goddamn place.
Son of a bitch
I am so glad my brother and his wife ruined my effing game watching experience because they don't want to watch the commercials.
SAC LUNCH nombombombombom
Holy christ. Andrew Luck is for realsies.
@lowden11 Hahaha so jealous!
@lowden11 I hate you so much right now haha
My Fantasy team is Rodgers--&gt;Cobbing right now.
Wooooooooooooods
Man Widowspeak is always good.
Well that was definitely a fun evening with some old faces
Hahaha Discount Double Dancing Queens in Queens 
Lol Oneonta slash Poughkeepsie Astoria reunion.
Oh jeez, I need a drink or 8 tonight.
So everyone still thinks Tablet computers are retarded right?
@CLoughran88 Hey! I am totally in Astoria now!
@dani_nott Haha Dani I feel like 90% of yr use of twitter is to tell people to fuck off.
@JerseyChaserr Yeah ya know, kickin it at Athena's. Oh and I guess Louie and Cass are here too.
Officially off work until Monday now. Now I just need to find a place to go and stuff to do! If only I could escape Astoria!
I don't think I have ever been this bored.
Here's a crazy stat: Ben Roethlisberger and Eli Manning have combined to win half of the Super Bowls played since they were drafted.
Stupid sexy superstorm Sandy
So many kids in Bushwick trick or treating without costumes! C'Mon man!
@MtnGoatsQuotes The entirety of "Supergenesis"
Getting paid to not work today is pretty awesome, but now I need something to do!
So not surprised at Mac DeMarco's BNM tag.
@JerseyChaserr I'd tell you to hitch a plane so that we could wine and dine, but all the airports are closed :( haha
@danieljtgallen Oh jeezz
@CLoughran88 Well I don't have a permanent address yet per se, but I'm crashing around. Might end up in Astoria next at my brother's place!
There's totally sun trying to shine. It's almost like the brunt of the storm decided to give Queens a break.
Well I'm glad that blew over.
@JerseyChaserr Thanks Tiana! Totally hunkered down with beer and junk food. And still have power somehow!!
We still have power in Ridgewood, Sandy ain't got shit on this.
@justhilary @brooklynvegan Also, gas stoves, tea kettles and instant coffee!
@brooklynvegan How will I refrigerate the coffee if the power goes out!!
Outside is good times.
My weather widget is hilarious: "Rain likely early...then rain."
Guys! It's windy!
LAW OFFICE....FIERCE FLOW PRODUCTIONS
Hurricane Sandy: 
Cubebreakdancebot! 
Effing Happy Flamingo
Man it sounds like my old store is going NUTS.
Song is really great though!
The Falcons are total pretenders, and I'll believe Green Bay is hot enough when I see them do anything on Defense.
Also call me nuts, but I am fairly certain the Bears and the Giants are the best teams in the NFL right now. Texans and 49ers in the mix.
I just splurted coffee all over my laptop.
OK definitely no cookies for a while. #toomanystroopwaffles
@annagallen Turnstile Joe's
Banks are boooooringgg
SUCK ON THAT ROBERT
Jesus fucking Christ.
What in the fuck is wrong with Eli Manning today.
Leader of the Fun! @annagallen 
Oh Alex Bleeker playing my fav Twerps.song with them? All about.that
Julian Lynch is Friggin killin it rinow.
That guy at every show who's 10 feet tall.
Dent May calling me out for not being at the adhoc showcase
Wow it is really horrendous outside
The way Breaking Bad is dealing with the main character's cancer is either really, really unrealistic or my family is just that bizarre.
Yeah Mac DeMarco is my new favorite
Dignan Porch sound great.
Walt*
Tell me what in Season 1 of Breaking Bad doesn't look like Gary Oldman
Friggin Thurston Moore 
Some chick just snapped a photo, with a really expensive camera, of the bum asking her for money. She did not donate to his cause.
I have now been copy-pasted by p4k (same writer too) TWICE.
Dude Romney fuckin HATES China. Who peed in his wontons
idk who's winning but the American people are still losing.
This is good TV
I was gonna take a picture of my king of falafel platter but then I eated it.
When you can only get the channel with Fat Albert on it with your TV antenna. #bkgirlproblems
@_JuicyJasmine Hahaha oh dear
My Goats setlist last night was way better than the Saturday show. I do miss "San Bernardino" and "The Day the Aliens Came" though
@ZsMann Muahahahaha I got off the train after the Mountain Goats concert last night, checked the scores, and laughed maniacally
Yesterday the Giants had hardly a chance to beat the 49ers and yet now ESPN is talking about them being the best team in Football.
Well I can probably die happy now.
Matthew E. White and his band are kind of amazing.
Haha I feel like I am in the upper age bracket of this crowd.
Awman this Goats merch is tempting.
Nevermind
Candlestick Park is almost dead silent.
The Giants are kind of dominating this game.
Candlegrammed 
The Twerpies! 
The Memories are the funniest band I have ever seen ever. Histerical
@itsadredogg yess!
@itsadredogg Are you gonna be at CMJ? I live in the NYC area now and I am def. excited for the crazyness!
@LauraAndTheCans How am I JUST now finding out you guys did "No Children" for the 10 year Tallahassee album. So good.
@JerseyChaserr well don't keep us in suspense!
The term is Afghani damnit, afghans are hipster hood thingys.
This is many times more entertaining than the real debate last week.
It's funny because Obama chose Biden as a running-mate originally to counter his professory-ness, and it's totally working right now.
Lol Ryan just got a boom roast on Biden.
I took the Google vs. Bing challenge and Google predictably destroyed Bing 4 to 1. Fuck you commercials.
There is a lot about this that is just really not fun.
@ereedt Amen Emily. I know those grumbles.
Also "Never Quite Free" Yep, all about this.
I am totally OK with the Mountain Goats covering Wye Oak and playing effing "Hello, Old Rabbit" on Sunday. "I did NOT come here to suffer!"
I think it'd probably be really great if the Bon Iver dude and the Once dude just went on a permanent vacation.
Between visitors, the Twerps, drinking, and The Mountain Goats on Sunday I have pretty high hopes for this weekend.
I think it may be approaching time for my 3rd re-read of A Song of Ice and Fire.
@NorathOrSouth blahhh many misses to you too
Phone sim-card + Google Music and Spotify on my computer = EFF OFF iTunes?
The upside to losing my iPod in a tragic train accident and putting some songs on my phone is that I may never have to use iTunes ever again
Jeez. Was all of that shit really a month ago already?
Dubbing tapes for Ad Hoc! 
I did not expect the Giants v. Browns game to be this entertaining.
My brunch picture! Oh wait.. 
I'm tellin ya Allah-lahs, Quilt, the fresh &amp; onlys, and Woods, 1968.
The ridiculously blurry Allah-lahs!
 
I'm having a hard time making this Modern Folk playlist on Spotify because Drag City still aint on this shit.
@ereedt haha nice! Suck it p4k.
Pitchfork just copied my D-Plan story! I win the news cycle!
This Cafe kinda blows but it's always playing a compilation of sweet Django tunes.
Blarggh waiting to hear back from jobs is killing me.
@ereedt Hey this Potty Mouth album is awesome!
FIVE Retweets?! I feel like Elvis. If Elvis had a twitter and wasn't dead.
I for one, like the President's calm attitude when it comes to these things. Dude's a pragmatist, which is really what we need on both sides
Everyone always complains that Obama didn't "go after" someone "aggressively" That's not who the President is and never was.
"@mountain_goats: exciting night in America as everyone tunes into the NHL network's broadcast of the 1959 Stanley Cup" duh.
I hate when I'm waiting for jobs to get back to me and I get the telemarketing call with the tugboat noise.
Gonna represent 4eva probably. 
Guys I think I may have a paying job by the end of the week! #dontwannajinxit
"@travismorrison: Yes the Plan is working on a new album! Sorry thought this was somewhat public knowledge" ahhhhhhku3) jrsfhir
I should really just dress up every day.
Death Gripz is really bizarre. Idk guys.
Jeeeeeeeez #football #whygiantswhy
I hope my job interview tomorrow is as good as this football game. #GoGiants #Cupcakes
Alright Giants, now that yr losing it's time to start playing for real.
First there are random fireworks and now Independence Day is on. Did I fall into the time vortex?
Why are there fireworks in Poughkeepsie right now?! 
@dani_nott Oh dear. #smh
@JerseyChaserr 24?! That is how many olds I am!
I had a dream that I was in Law-School and in the middle of failing an intense exam. What in the shit.
Playing "Knife" on guitar is almost as fun as watching Grizzly Bear perform it at Radio City
If a job listing spells New Jersey as New Jersea you know there might be a problem.
Dude Grizzly Bear's light show is EPIC
Radio City for Grizzly Bear! 
@_JuicyJasmine Are you at work?! Did y'all get my Photo Machine Postcard?
Brooklyn Bridge #everydayimferrying 
Gorgeous 
I wonder what this skywriting said originally 
Blurry Ty Segall Band!!! 
Thee Blurry Oh Sees 
VD ...since 1858 
Holy crap! Spotify ads PAUSE if you lower the volume. That's some sneaky shit.
Xtreme Babies at Death By Audio flashbacks
Sundelles opening for The Babies? its like my 21st bday all over again.
This has not been the best day ever.
@JerseyChaserr Haha thanksss, and yes! We need to catch up
IPod fell down Subway tracks. RIP iPod. 2006-2012
@_JuicyJasmine Ahh I know. I'm gonna send notes to you guys via the photo machine though so watch out!
The noobs on the #nyGiants Offense are kicking ACE
Wilson has touched the ball like 4 times this year and dropped it twice. #beingaGiantsfanishard
"Oh that's the movie where they're a team right?" @annagallen on #TheAvengers #hilarious
Packing up Bear!
 
#magichat #dark Burn Pile!! 
Loooong day, glad to be M'ing it home.
Blogger Panel @publicassembly ! Come on down should be interesting
God, Skip Bayless is an asshole.
"Siri, play "Bullies"!" "Now playing "Bones" "Noooooooo"
@itsadredogg Hahaha that tweet about someone else's husband is phenomenal.
My main cookie man. 
I haven't really been alone anywhere in the past couple of weeks. It's kind of strange.
Dogs in sweaters. 
Expansive hams. @annagallen
Good thing I'm local now. No more large gaps in La Big Box shows.
@dani_nott Dani. I am here if you need me. I feel like I understand ya a bit. Hit me up when my sister is acting nuts please.
Fun first day with @adhocfm !!!
285 Kent in the morning is kind of bizzare.
Blaaaaaaargh #tryingnottofreak
My sister-in-law quit her job today. We're all unemployed! Woo!
Omg "It Aint Easy"
At least I can stream the new Woods.
I still can't believe this is actually happening today, but my Dad can rest easy knowing I have the best friends and family ever.
Found my keys. Thanks St. Anthony #suddenlysuperstitious
So, I may actually have locked my keys in the trunk of my car earlier. Yeah I am so with it.
YES I GET IT ELI HAS A TOYOTA
@lowden11 @danieljtgallen its ok the Giants sucked too. #weekoneblues
@danieljtgallen dude, seriously
I count 2 holds and 1 illegal block to the back. C'Mon replacement refs.
This is some seriously weird stuff but I know my Dad would be cracking up at these pictures we found.
I am still under the impression that my Dad is going to walk into the house and be like "WHAT THE HELL GUYS?!"
Totally going to sleep well tonight! #notatall #whydidn'tItakedrugsfrommysister
I need a good album to help me along during all this stuff. Can the Woods and Mountain Goats albums come out already please.
LOL My life the past 2 days.
Cmon God. I really need the Giants not to lose.
Coping mechanisms 
Oh and now I'm going to drink and watch my Giants. What did you do today?
Dear Diary, Today I rushed to the hospital to see my Dad. Oh and also I kicked his mistress our of my house so my sister wouldn't kill her.
Man, patrolling the Mojave almost makes me wish for a nuclear winter.
Makeshift Chicken and Waffle lunch! 
"Love this Giant" is kind of awesome.
All the kids are back in school! Maybe work won't suck so bad!
I just finished what is possibly my last ever Closing Weekend at Target. So relieved.
OMG That was the greatest Doctor Who in a long time.
Hello September! GIVE ME COOL WEATHER NOW
Pumpkin Spice Bitches!!! 
That awkward moment when you forget your Sonic Emitter in the Mojave.
PS. my Fantasy Football team name is "Before it Was Cool"
I need good Fantasy Football draft music.
Phone interviews are always sort of awkward, but I think that went quite well!
@laina622 Wait do you work at a Target? Do I have something in common with OAG?!
Other examples: Ben There Raped That. also Two in the Tebow
The League name, and team names for my friend group's Fantasy Football League are amazing. Ex. Team Name: It's My Vick in a Box
Anyone else remember how awesome this album was? ♫ The Sea and Cake – The Sea and Cake 
@itsadredogg @DRUNKHULK for sure
The amount of nice that it is outside is directly related to how late I have to work.
That terrifying moment when some honey gets on your trackpad.
Fucking Deathclaws
This is possibly the most awkward cover letter ever written.
Having the kind of day where you reevaluate your entire life.
That awkward moment when yr really like "Aw fuck I am just generally unhappy with just about everything."
Fuck Uno. #worstgameever
Whoaaa 
Shewsss 
@JerseyChaserr happy tweets all the time!!
#dark 
It's Especial!! 
It gets alright to dream at night. Believe in solid skies and slate blue earth below.. #mountaingoatslyrics
@JerseyChaserr Yeah! Wait..which tweet are you replying too? Hahaha
Drinking and listening to the Mountain Goats alone currently. Friends best arrive soon!
Holy crap googling myself is ultra scary.
I hate when people act like total assholes and then try to cover it up by claiming they're acting "adult". Come on.
Muuuuuussssssiiicaaaaaaaa, mystica. Maxima.
Jessica Jalbert is still the shit. 
realtalklaura: Delicious and refreshing @marcp88 ! (Taken with Instagram)

I'm reblogging this because I am t… 
False. 
Stuff I do at work. 
The news has had some seriously WTF-able shit go down the last couple of weeks.
This season of Hell's Kitchen is a load of bullshit.
This Ariel Pink album so far sounds like nonsense.
@itsadredogg Note to self: Follow you on Instagram. PS. I forgot how hard 40 hour work weeks and trying to start a blog are #netstress
Damn I forgot to obnoxiously instagram my salami sandwich
Obnoxious instagramming! 
I can finally take pictures again!!! 
@JerseyChaserr Hahhhh pet peeve. I get it!
Goddamnit. Gonna miss yew 25 bucks a month plan.
Oh hello new phone. Time to activate you
@OneontaAlumni Yeah! We're also all still friends with a good 6 or 7 or so people from our FYE building. #meaningfulmoveindays
@OneontaAlumni I remember meeting a dude on my floor who is currently my roommate out of college 6 years later!
That was really The Strange Boys in a Dell commercial huh? #notbadbros
@itsadredogg that goes for my feed too :-P
Yeah I probably should have bought that Liam the Younger record last week.
Hah! Random jamming with old people at a bar to "A Shot in the Arm"
Yo you crazy for this one Internet! 
My phone keeps updating its applications and I'm like "Muahahaha! Too little, too late phone!! You replacement is arriving shortly!"
The Pitchfork review of the new Dignan Porch album is a load of bullshit.
Dignan Porch is a super cool band y'all.
@_JuicyJasmine They keep trying to get me to go -__-  a straight man in skinny jeans is like open season at a place like that. No thx.
@inafternoonair It means small castle!
Really not sure what I'd do without my post-closing shift beer.
Man I really suck at even trying to write lyrics.
Hahaha this episode of Masterchef is basically Hell's Kitchen.
When my new phone comes in the mail I am going to be the most obnoxious Instagrammer ever.
Jens Lekman - "Become Someone Else's" It's been quite a long time since Jens Lekman released Night Falls Over… 
@lowden11 October 14th so far, thinking of purchasing for the 13th too at some point.
@inafternoonair What? Did Surfer Blood punch all of their gfs in the face?
Also there is like a..let's call it 60ish% chance I'm going to see the Mountain Goats more than once that weekend in October.
Ordered my new phone! Woo!
Man, Quilt is sew good.
Yeah the new Jens Lekman record is basically genius. You can't go wrong with titles like "She just don't want to be with you anymore"
#DoctorWho Series 5 is still my fav. Next to 6 at least.
@NYCABADABAD @itsadredogg And I just turned 24! Ages!!
The Dismemberment Plan played like EIGHT NEW SONGS HOLY SHIT 
Coming home after a weekend away is always so anti-climactic.
I am shitting my pants right now about these new D-Plan songs.
"Yo! Where the bitches at?! - R. Stevie Moore
R. STEVIE MOORE EFFING RULES #CAPS
Another Real Estate show with the Gallen challenge. @annagallen @inafternoonair
"It just takes like a shit-long-time.." #shit @inafternoonair says
Calvin that is.
I don't get it. Why are you at a 10000 degree Calvib Johnson show if you just wanna chat and and canoodle.
TIL Super Mario 64 speed runs are effing intense as hell.
In the grand scheme of things I think Mount Eerie has probably "won" 2012.
Abadabad -"All The Bros Say" A long time ago--in a blogosphere presumably far, far away--I wrote about Abadab… 
@ereedt Awman. I was half hoping for a picture of the record cover floating on a body of water.
inafternoonair: The Fresh &amp; Onlys - “Presence of Mind”
As a trickle-down effect from beachkoozies, I’ve recen… 
inafternoonair: Woods - “Size Meets The Sound”
There’s not much more I can say about Woods. Jeremy Earl and J… 
I think the new Wild Nothing song is lame =/
It's been a while since I've been in the thick of it as far as BRANDNEWMUSIC.mp3's are concerned. So, instead… 
Man this bar really, really sucks.
You know what dude is awesome? Liam the Younger 
PS. The name of my new blog here comes from this song. Sorry about the Mountain Goats spam. I would promise i… 
"Ballad of Big Nothing" at Town Hall in NY
Elliott Smith would have turned 43 years old today. Head over to K… 
Errryday I'm tumblin' #again #onelasttime 
@inafternoonair Dude never forget the first lesson of Za-inism. "When Pizza's on a bagel thou shall eat Pizza anytime."
ELI MANNING WAS IN MY STORE TODAY WHAAAAAT
Every time I work till midnight and my friends want me to meet them out they are at the farthest away possible bar.
@_JuicyJasmine yes come in at 12!! Thank you.
@_JuicyJasmine hey just so ya know yr all set to work at noon to five thirty tmrw.
Ticketmaster can suck it, but I'm seeing the Mountain Goats in October! WOO!
Successful Birthday Nap!
Work got me a card, a small cake, AND a 25$ gift card. So much Target Team Member Love.
That time when I turned 24.
I bet Earl Grey was a badass dude.
Haha my traffic court appearance is actually at 8:30AM not in the afternoon like I assumed. Crap.
Ugh my nose is as stuffed as a late 90s post-rock band after a hard night of partying.
@inafternoonair: Hahaha I love how you Tag "Killing the Vibe"
Fuck 20 year old girl haters and the fact I haven't seen any events. I fucking love the Olympics.
Its funny how ome place could be so dramatically different 24 hours later
Really excited to terrify sonlme #20yearoldgirls at this thing tonight.
"@inafternoonair: Julian Lynch, the great" King of Wisconsin
Fucking Jules Lynch. Always solid.
That time "Killing the Vibe" was actially fun and not a bad "Fake Blues" cover!
It definitely sounds as though Big Troubles has spent the last year writing Ducktails songs.
Oh man! I really want 2lps of this! #no
Also never eat Mexican before a show. #flatulence
I will never get this kind of stuff. #openersat285Kent
"I hate relying on others." "Its cause you're not a girl." @inafternoonair
Far too much music makes me far too near-weepy lately.
@mc3Becky That musical theme that played when they announced you won the Elimination Challenge was awesome! Great job!
@NorathOrSouth Poor Nora, you just want to be Face Deep in some Adventuretime
@NorathOrSouth Haaaaah I &lt;3 the Wendy's Ginger.
This season of Hell's Kitchen is by far the most hilarious
@annagallen I also like how the labeling of "The Gift (Part 1)" can also be a Velvet Underground reference. Stay stoked for Part 2!
That awesome time I listened to The Velvet Underground self-titled on LP for the first time! @annagallen #thankyou!!
OMG NEW GOATS SONG TMRW
At least I totally slept 11 hours.
WTF Thunderstorms. I am pretty sure I was supposed to go to an outdoor concert in the city today.
@JerseyChaserr But I like August! My B-Day is in August! Seriously though this summer did fly.
I am too burnt out to spell holy correctly.
Hily fuck I am still at work and need to be back in less than 8 hours.
Fun though!
Possibly the longest day of all times.
@coloringkatie Me too! Also no way!
Awman. Can't wait to download some high quality Batman bootlegs tomorrow
My Dad to my Niece: "You want advice, I will give you advice. Do whatever the fuck you want." #stolenfbstatus #MyDadStrikesAgain #life
E to B is the worst chord transition in the history of guitar.
@JerseyChaserr Haha well yr pretty smart Tiana, you'll figure it out.
@JerseyChaserr Are you doing the same thing and expecting different results? Ahh! #insanity #BenFranklinMayHaveSaidThis
Co-worker today insisted that I was in a weird mood because I don't have a girlfriend and not due to intense family issues -__-
@ZsMann You have to be realistic about these things Zac
Oh my God! #MasterChef next week is gonna be crazy. I hope @mc3josh gets back in!
YES Fuck you Heat Wave
@NorathOrSouth Blasphemy Nora!
Longstreth from D.Projectors switches between Lefty and upside down Righty guitars. I would get confused as hell.
Watching the Dirty Projectors set from P4K. The crowd looks lame. #BigSurprise
Felix, Monti, and Becky on one team? Who do I propose to first? #masterchef
You know life has gotten bizarre when you find yrself in a clinic room where yr Dad &amp; long lost aunt argue about pronouncing our last name.
God damnit. There are Target ads in Spotify now.
@_JuicyJasmine hey if you wanna work photo tomorrow let me know or call the store!
I am actually excited to work all weekend
HE'S DOING MORE BING SEARCHES
Also Peter Parker made a search on Bing. Even more unrealistic than spider powers.
Apparently you make Emma Stone more attractive by putting her in knee socks for the entire movie.
@inafternoonair Yes.
If you write a blog article about "How to be 'Hip' in Brooklyn" then I don't even know.
When I come to Poughkeepsie for Hospital visiting I'm going to bring a new form of distraction. Last time it was my X-Box, this time guitar.
@MC3Monti @MC3Becky, @MC3Christine So is Masterchef now only 1 night a week? I'm having withdrawls
2 crazy ass months? Totally out of minutes both times
An entire year I never ran out of minutes
2Am on a Tuesday?! Must be a motorcycle crash! #Albany #CenterSquare
Really sad that the Master Chef and Hell's Kitchen streams aren't up! #drunkdreams
Very successful drink to forget.  #mortality #thingsleftunsaid #etc.
It's nice to be back in my apartment for a lil bit.
Yeah, but Global warming isn't real right? 
Swing Lo Magellan is so good. Thank you New York Times stream! Oddest album to get me through this odd time.
@lowden11 YES
My life has been so absurd lately that I forgot Dirt Projectors were releasing an album.
Or that I'd ever use Panera free Wi-Fi
Never thought I'd ever end up spending 2 hours in a hospital watching Swamp People.
Hospital weekend pt. 2 =/
I'm gonna sweat off like 40 pounds tonight
@inafternoonair I wanna say Harvest
Well my Facebook just exploded for no reason.
Hey every once in a while a cursory look at Pitchfork's "Overlooked Albums" list turns up a gem.
This country is so old it's having hot flashes. GET IT?! #causeitshot
This country is an old mother effer.
How is Tali still in this competition?! #masterchef
Weirdest thing about Game add ons: "Oh hey here's a giant fortress that has always been here but you neglected to notice!"
I keep forgetting tomorrow is a thing because I am work all night. People are like "Happy 4th!" and I'm like Wha?
My reddit comment has 300 upvotes. #karma
@mc3monti Nice kicks on the show tonight!
It's going to be crazy hot forever I think
Sigh.
I turn 24 in one month! Here's an idea for a gift 
@inafternoonair It'll be pretty high up hopefully!
Actually fav album isssss this one: 
Fav album of the year is way harder.
Fav song of the year so far: 
Really hope today is my last hospital visit day. Fucking hospitals
Fuck basically everything. This whole thing is crazy. I just wanted to have a godamnded weekend.
@ZsMann yeah Dad's getting admitted here. Long ass story.
A hospital is not where I expected to spend my afternoon.
@inafternoonair Can you name drop me to Emilie post interview? I feel like she might think I'm dead or something.
@JerseyChaserr Haha I love that attitude, "FUCK I have to work today. Ah well, hopefully the Twins win!"
Audio: justasterisms: 
It's funny which chefs think which other chefs are the strongest chefs in #masterchef
@ereedt Hahahaha I feel like I could use some hangliding vibes.
"It makes me want to hanglide." - @inafternoonair  on the DIIV record.
No running water in the whole store! Hahaha #hilarious
@gosvimmink haha awman :-( endless regret
Best New Band with a Pet Rat
@coloringkatie My phone minutes? Hopefully they reset in the next 10 minutes. Stupid phones -__-
@mc3monti @mc3christine @mc3becky: This breakfast service is like a mini Hell's Kitchen but with Gordon times 3! Intense!
@coloringkatie Haha aww you totally still eat yogurt!
@gosvimmink Man if only you weren't on the other side of the country!
There are far too many Target people on my Facebook's "People you May Know" thingy.
Also thanks to me following all of my fav. chefs from Master Chef I need to now avoid my twitter feed for the next hour.
I'm not sure what is happening to me but I think I might be joining Team Fiona Apple Orchard.
Everyone knows you can't lift the hammer without character development.
Hahahaha Thor is a ridiculous movie.
@ZsMann haha I just walked in awkwardly so I could use my coupon.
That awkward moment when you go to order Take-Out and can't because there are no minutes on your phone.
It's so windy that my curtains are attacking me.
@JerseyChaserr Oh deer. That is ridiculous.
@JerseyChaserr Deer...with a balloon? #wat
Bon Iver is playing Ommegang. The brewers found a way to make beer boring!
@inafternoonair Those jokes are almost as tired as I am when thinking about a Bon Iver show. BOOM
My iTunes library has "Ty Segall Band" and "Ty Segall &amp; White Fence" but no "Ty Segall". One day Ty. One day.
Made it through this weekend and it didn't kill me!
Blaaaaaaahhhhh
Still haven't left work. Will be back in &lt; than 8 hours. :-(
Welp, about to work basically 24 hours straight with a small break for something called sleeping. Stay tuned for inevitable twitter madness
Oh God, I feel like I am going to pass out and vomit at the same time.
@mc3monti and @mc3christine are awesome! Can't wait for the next episode #masterchefnerd
There's an actual cooling breeze coming in my window. Holy shit.
I'm too drunk to really care that OKC lost but still :-(
Cc@zsmann @mollyfriers @NorathOrSouth @Heather_HP
@JerseyChaserr wedding photo flood part 2 has apparently begun! Hahaha
Miss yew bb winter
It is stupid hot
There should be a mini series of short cartoons detailing my parking misadventures
Closing LOD at work graduated from SUNY Oneonta 11 years before me. Small world!
@mc3christine is my new TV hero.
New Peaking Lights is superb summer listening. Made for chilling on a hot day.
@NorathOrSouth I GETS TO SEE YEW TOMORROW AHHH
@coloringkatie Soooo gonna happen!
This blind chick on Master Chef is such a fucking badass.
The apartment is beginning it's slow and excruciating transformation into an oven. Missed yew summer. #notreally
"That rack of lamb looks like Stephen Tyler's earlobe." - Chef Gordon Ramsey
Oh dear.. 
"FUCK THIS FUCKING SONG" - Ty Segall
@inafternoonair Record is dope! That album art is scary as fuck though.
@coloringkatie We gotsta get tickets!!
@JerseyChaserr Nah badgers are scrappy!!
@JerseyChaserr Imagine if college sporting events were real fight scenarios. BADGERS VERSUS WOLVERINES!!! #epic
It took a while, but the DIIV album is what all of those bands in BK have been trying to sound like the past 4 years.
@coloringkatie Me too! Always somethin in this town. haha
Finally homesss
I hurt everywhere.
Lol currently at my besy friend's lil brother's ex girlfriends apt. #convoluted
@twinsistermusic Actually, yes! Can't wait.
@JerseyChaserr hahahaha no judging! Song is crazzy catchy. Just cracking up at the end of that video!
LOL I can't stop laughing. So glad I made the poor decision to watch the Call Me Maybe video.
Just remembered my phone has no minutes :(
Sooo many tireds #solidnight
@JerseyChaserr The Thermals!! You may or may not remember this song from the wedding: 
Seeimg my fav band with my best friends, my brother and my new sis-in-law tomorrow. Perfect :-)
Not having TV makes it so vapid and stupid shows seem like TOTALLY ENGAGING! #breakingpointe
Salt and vinegar chips &lt;3 #mypoormouth
I forgot how much I enjoy the show Hell's Kitchen #GordonFuckin'Ramsey
@danieljtgallen The Thread misses yew bb
@JerseyChaserr Hahahahaha I feel like it would be hard to multi-task those two skills.
I've had better days at work -__-
Fuck you Sir Lunky #Bastion
Always a pleasure #returnsoffriendlyfaces
The answer to this better be yes. RT @ZsMann: @NorathOrSouth Are you going to swing by Albany during your New York adventures?
"Most shy people I know are extremely boring. Either that or they are miserable from all of the shit they've been storing."
@inafternoonair HAHAHAHAHAHA
@coloringkatie Soo we're not "true friends"? :(
Really?
If I ever legitimately go insane it will be from trying to find a parking spot after a closing shift at work.
@NorathOrSouth do you usually poop after 8?
