It seems like I get bitched at no matter what. I'm not going take your money. Just chill.
My life just turned all around for the better
Never mind we all win
When your cop friend likes to play inappropriate jokes on you
I really hate to admit this but you're right, it is immature of me. I'm done with it, no more. Have a good life and I mean that.

Good morning everyone
I just want to thank this girl for giving me the best son anyone could ask for and just being there for me. 
Got a letter yesterday in the mail saying I have some unclaimed property. Calling about it first thing Monday morning. #goals #standards

This is going to be awkward as shit
I've had my closure and that's all I needed. Sometimes you just have to say things to push people away and make them hate you
I am going to go on record and make a bet. I bet within a month I know exactly who you will be with
I meant to say I don't understand why a girl would want to be with a younger guy.
The ex wife. Awkward running into her but it was nice at the same time. 
It looks like a little competition, I'm ready for a new challenge in my life
The people you run into
That was the push I needed a while ago.  I'm relieved cause nobody can I didn't try.
Captain's Place. At least now I can get a more affordable place and it's right next door. Easy move.
I wasn't the one. Deleted her off of all social media accounts so no contact. I gotta move on.
This is going to be hard to explain to my son
Having a fire all by my self, feeling alone 
Amanda and Billy's Baby Shower at Buckhorn Bay




It's really that simple. #fuckyouericsheppard 
Draffenville smells horrible
I would just like to know what is going on in your head sometimes or even better, your true feelings.
Ok that was close. Just about took out three deer
Them boys are out extra deep in Benton right now. They must be trying to reach their quota. So if you out in town be careful
My weekend begins now
I was hoping things would be different than this
Off work early today. Heading back to the shop <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I'm really excited and happy to get to spend the evening with you and look for our own place <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
It's amazing how the smallest thing can put you in the best mood ever when you go to bed and wake. Loving life right now.
My job is the shit. Good money and a free tan lol
Finally home, getting a shower and relaxing
As weird as it is for me to say this but I like going to work early, I never have liked waking up early lol
I may living a boring life to some people but at least I'm focused on living a better life and be financially stable now


You should always show respect to people that show you the same respect
I don't want to just prove you wrong. I'm going to prove everyone wrong
When you do good in life then you really do get rewarded with happiness <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Going to bed at 10pm is going to take some getting use to but well worth it. #grownupproblems
Easton Corbin - Baby Be My Love Song 

Sam Hunt - Take Your Time 
George Strait - "Give It All We Got Tonight"  ((ACM Awards 2013)) 
Cops parked at Lake Chem Federal Credit Union
Fuck yes Mayweather wins
This is fight is great!
I'm so close to happiness again. Please be with me through this God, I'm leaving it in your hands
The best therapy for heartache is getting tattooed.
I'm not trying to be a dick, I'm just tired of the lies so I'm sticking up for myself for once.

I get woke up and of course my luck I can't go back to sleep
Deuces <VICTORY HAND>🏻<VICTORY HAND>🏻
Correction, I hate my baby mamma. People need to keep they fingers off my phone. Not funny!
It's past my bedtime
I'm as bored as a prostitute in a ghost town
The things you see at these places
Fixing to go hang out with Jake and Hannah then out to Paducah for the night
That's a good feeling and memory to walk away on. Better leaving feeling a little bit of hope than feeling no hope at all #inmyfeelings
This narrows it all up 
I can't keep doing this to myself. I have to let go and go on with my life. I can't keep hurting myself.
Time for work. I like this so much better than changing shifts every week
I'll be just waiting for that goodbye text <DISAPPOINTED FACE>
This isn't going to end my favor anyways. I've pretty much already lost
Idk what to think about that
No more Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram. It's not worth the risk to see something I don't want to see
Phones gonna die
Awkwardddddd
I'm going out this weekend to blow money on a bunch of drinks that I will regret buying later on lol #joysoflife
Sit back and relax with friends around a fire enjoying life
Things are going to be just fine <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>🏻
I got the job. No more afternoons or midnights, strictly days from now on
A coincidence? I think not
I'm trying to do the right thing for once
My heart is down in my stomach <PENSIVE FACE>
I'm actually gonna sleep good tonight <SLEEPING SYMBOL>
Fighting an endless battle
Think more about the future instead of the present
Yes exactly!!!! 
You gotta have motivation and determination
You got to be fucking kidding me. I just cleaned my car and now it's destroyed again.
I want to judo chop you in the throat so hard right now. Breatheeeeee
What to do? What to do? Stay single and be free or get tied down hmmm
Ja Rule - Down A** Chick ft. Charlie Baltimore 

Never downgrade only upgrade
I feel loved 
Church with the family
Why do I keep waking up so early?
Here it comes 
Killing bees with the little guy <WHITE SMILING FACE>️

Ok? Somebody rude much?
I'm glad my son is well behaved
Movies to watch Home and Furious 7
Wow I can't believe I made a suggestion on dating some guy to my ex and I didn't even get jealous. That's a good sign <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
I'm glad to see you are doing better. All I truly want is happiness for you.
Fuck Draffenvile smells like shit. I'm glad I don't have to smell that every day

It's Friday! That means last work day for a few, pay day, and bonfire tonight <CLINKING BEER MUGS><CLINKING BEER MUGS>
Just got my fishing license, I'm going to make the best of this summer
Once the trust is gone, you can't win it back? People can change, you just have to have faith in people every once in a while #myrant
Today is a beautiful day. Thank you God for another day that I get to wake up to
Very true 
The decision has been made by your actions
I'm so sunburnt and sore. I need some aloe or something.
Yeah I'm sunburnt, I'm freezing lol. But I am going to sleep good on my new memory foam bed <SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING FACE>
I feel so much better now speaking my mind. You can only be pushed so far before you break. #InMyFeelings
This day just got better <WHITE SMILING FACE>️
I really have a hard decision to make. My mind is telling me yes but my gut is telling me no. What to do? #TheStruggleIsReal
Now I'm not holding you back anymore.
I'm so nervous about this interview this afternoon.
Interview with my work at 3, wish me luck. Keeping fingers crossed.
Oh my, it's too early to be awake.
I'm ready for the weekend. Friday bonfire at the house then going out Saturday for a much needed night out.
"You Don't Know Her Like I Do" by: Brantley Gilbert *Lyrics* 
Don't You Wanna Stay - Jason Aldean (ft. Kelly Clarkson) 
Brantley Gilbert "My Kind of Crazy" Music Video! 
Brantley Gilbert - Small Town Throwdown ft. Justin Moore, Thomas Rhett 
The Craig Russell Band - KY Anthem 
I want this truck 
I needed to hear that

I had a good night just hanging out and just getting to know someone better
This is so true. That's I'm deactivating my Facebook when I get into another relationship. It's not worth it. 
Is it 3pm yet? Lol
Work flow leggo #itslife #payday
Real men have a job and actually work
Idk which is worse, getting up early or working midnights. I like the afternoon shifts.
If I ever want to be forgiven then I need to forgive. People do change. #secondchances

You damn right <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I believe I have a shopping problem lol 
This made me laugh so hard that I teared up. You would understand if you ever played Mortal Kombat lol 
Some girls are just thirsty and attention seekers these, they getting worse then some of us men #goonsomewhere
Put some damn clothes on, that is NOT attractive on Snapchat
It's time for something new
I love this!!!! 
Late night trip to the Emergency Room
Looking for a mobile home at a good price let me know if anyone knows anything.
Only 4 more hours and I can finally relax <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>🏻
Honestly all I want in life is someone who loves me, have our own family, our own house and the will to make it. I've been foolish too long.
I got this fortune tonight <GRINNING FACE> 
Furious 7 is the best one out of all of them
After a long week of work, I'm treating myself to August Moon and going to watch Furious 7
I can actually say for the first time in a long time that I'm proud of the person I am becoming #betterme #cantbestopped



I knew it
Wiz Khalifa - See You Again ft. Charlie Puth [Official Video] Furious 7 Soundtrack 
This sucks, I'm still awake
I hate getting soaked but I guess I'm just a nice person
There are definitely some weird people up at 4am

My dream truck 

I feel lucky to have such a great person in my life that understands me and hasn't gave up on me as a human being.
I've done a lot of this to myself so I just want to suffer through it by myself. I'm sorry to everyone. It's not you, it's me.
Last midnight shift for a few weeks, off 3 days then I start my day shifts
Don't honk and try to wave me down, we ain't cool bitch.
My job is the shiiiiiiiittttt. I'm literally sitting on my ass getting paid lol
This is so true. I miss this <PENSIVE FACE> 
Kevin Gates ft. Starlito - MYB [Official Video] 
I literally have no life anymore. I don't talk to anyone very much anymore just family. All I do is work and sleep. #workingstatus
2002 Jeep Liberty or 2002 Chevrolet Silverado 1500? 
At the halfway point of this shift
I'm really thinking about selling my car and buying a truck
Last 12 hour for this week, only 3 days left then I'm off for 3. I'm ready for pay day.
Lol 
No fucks given anymore

Yesss I'm at the halfway point of this shift now
I shouldn't care
This 12 hour shift is going to be the death of me

Now that sounds about right lol 
Who wants to go see Furious 7 with me? Hit up my inbox
T.I Feat Justin Timberlake - Dead And Gone Official Music Video + Lyrics 
I hope everyone has a great night
Just another midnight shift. I'm ready for Wednesday.
So true 
I'm ready for my bed
Who's up with me tonight?
Another midnight shift
I need opinions everyone. I'm looking to buy a motorcycle or four-wheeler, which one should I get?

Come on 7am
And it begins now #workflow
This girl is my WCW even if we aren't together. She's been there for me when nobody else was. @Laurynn_lovee27 
I understand people find the friendship I have with my baby mamma weird but we understand each other like nobody else does. Mutual respect.
My long work week begins tonight.
If you don't have a job and your own car then you should probably reevaluate your life #prioritiesfirst

I'm really contemplating on getting this bike 
I've got to get ready for these midnight shifts. I love my job but not so much the midnights but the pay is good #prioritiesfirst
Lol 
Write the name of someone you hate on your body every day with permanent marker, so no matter how you die they'll become a suspect
Girl doing Matrix on a mechanical bull 
Super excited, I finally get my car back
I needed that good night of sleep. I feel like a brand new person now
We're not friends, we're not enemies, we're just strangers with memories <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>
Just had the best meal cooked for me in a while, chicken and fried pickles
Lazy day off work since it's so beautiful outside. NOT lol. #TheStruggleIsReal
Since I'm nobody's MCM then I'm going to be my own. Idk what I would do without myself lol #ManCrushMonday 
Some might not like the old me but it's my life and I was much better the way I use to be #focused
The more I think about the person I have become then the more I realize that it's time I bring back the old me #feelingdetermined

I feel a lot better now. Time for some tv and to bed
What do you do when a person is going through a rough time and needs someone to talk to but you just don't know what to say
Lol I needed that after the day it has been. It's only gonna make me a better person in the end though. 

If it's not one thing then it's another. I swear you can't have one peaceful day in this county #overit


Tonight is going to be a good night. Got some income taxes back today.

Keep it <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL> 


I really hope I get this Machine Operator job <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
I might be getting my own place sooner than I thought, I might have a roomie.
There's an icebox where my heart used to be
Work until 11 then I have the next 4 days off
Those random good morning texts are the best. You know you were the first thing on their minds
I want it to be me
I'm feeling much better now, I hate being sick
Ready for weekend. I hope it's nice enough for a bonfire at the house.
I'm really thinking hard about deactivating my Facebook and Twitter. Social media is just full of drama and causes too many problems
So true 
I'm ready for the weekend
I'm ready to be off work and enjoy the night. My sleep schedule is going to be so messed up lol

You're fucking insane

My son says some of the funniest things lol
Naw I'm good now. Back to reality, my life is great the way it is.
My head is so fucked up now, too much to take in this past week
@shawtyky00 And you belong in an insane asylum.
Starting today I'm letting go of things that belong in the past. Stopping with the hopes cause there's a reason for it being called the past


I have to say Kentucky earned that victory tonight

I'm right where I need to be tonight, at home with little man<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>

When you find out something that makes you feel and think different about someone<FLUSHED FACE><FLUSHED FACE><FLUSHED FACE>
I believe I'm really going to like this job
@Laurynn_lovee27 @FIirtationship I will straighten your hair anytime.
@Laurynn_lovee27 @FIirtationship You are very much welcome, it was no problem at all
I'm hoping this day goes by fast, first days at any new job always go by so slow
"If I ever said I'm never scared just know I mean it. If I ever said I fucked your bitch just know I mean it."<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
Migos ­- One Time [Official Music Video­ YTMAs] 
Fixing to watch Kentucky continue their undefeated streak with Blake English
Spending time with my 2nd family
Looks like I'm staying single. With the work schedule I'm fixing to start, I don't see me finding a girl that would be ok with it
4 hour Orientation <SLEEPING FACE>
BLOW ME DOWN-Jef Jon Sin 
It's a beautiful day 
I got the job!!!'
Keep my fingers crossed today waiting for this job at Excel to call me back<PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
Great way to end the night, Netflix and my bed. Goodnight everyone.
Grilling out. Yeah that's right I'm grilling lol



Soulja Boy Tell'em - Pretty Boy Swag 
Some people aren't who they seem to be.



I'm so glad that I'm not involved in any drama now.
Keeping my fingers crossed that I get this job at Excel, I'm ready to make some damn good money
Glad to be home relaxing watching Netflix. Definitely had an interesting day that's for sure
So true 
I actually like the single life after all, at least for now I do lol
Sitting around a fire with Blake, Brandon, and Josh
Learning how to grill out, this should be interesting
G-Eazy - I Mean It (Official Music Video) ft. Remo 
I slept great last night
I was trying to make it cool but that shit got awkward out of nowhere quick <FLUSHED FACE>
Scratch that, not staying at Fat Moes. Headed to Captain's Place instead.
Fat Moes bound


It feels good to be off today and just relax
Plans for tonight, Netflix then bed so I can enjoy my day off tomorrow
Work work work 
Work work work, that's all I seem to do anymore
End of a great night, I couldn't be more thankful for life right now.
You are too good to be true
That Los Portales was the bomb
So ready to get this work day over with
You must really think I'm dumb
Finally got the system in my car fixed
I'm really excited for summertime with little man camping, Venture River, and park days
Watching the Walking Dead is the best way to top this night off
I'm sure going to miss little man when he goes home today
Going to the movies with two 8 year olds to watch Spongebob. Everyone please pray for me.
Austin's birthday party

@ladyluck270 You mean you're gonna lose
Campus Suites <BEER MUG><BEER MUG><BEER MUG>
Why am I up so early on my day off?
Looks like I'm going to be up all night after that nap earlier
Chris Young - The Man I Want To Be 
Hurry up 4pm, ready to get this work day over with
Goodnight Everyone
"Tatted on my neck, shawty said she choose me. She got big titties and a fat ass booty."
K-Ci &amp; JoJo - All My Life 
Brian Mcknight - Back at one (Music Video) 
I'm as bored as a prostitute in a ghost town
I'm glad time is flying by at work
I need to find a female that doesn't feel the need to go out every night and weekend #TheStruggleIsReal
I'm excited my son will get to play with his friend Colin this weekend.
When you really want to talk to someone but they told you to leave them alone #storyofmylife
If it wasn't for Netflix then I would probably go crazy
Am I the only one that has trouble sleeping?<PENSIVE FACE><PENSIVE FACE><PENSIVE FACE>
I'm ready for my weekend off
I can't believe today my son is turning 8
If only I had a chance
All I do is work and sit home now
Filet mignon and jäger. Man I have some good friends
I don't even get any admiration for trying to pay you back. Unlike a lot of people wouldn't even attempt to pay you
I owe an apology to a lot of people that I have hurt here recently. I just wasn't myself cause I messed up. Addiction is rough
Day 1 is complete to the new beginning
Jason Aldean - The Truth 
Off to work
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference
That message just woke me the fuck up
So I'm assuming someone wants to punch me in the face for no reason. I guess I'm just a punching bag.


Work flow
Revenge is my new show on Netflix to watch

She was right, there's things I need to change about myself #newbeginnings


I miss this little boy soooo much. Daddy loves you Austin! 


When you feel like you've absolutely lost everything and no meaning to life.
Everything happens for a reason
Man I have really screwed up with the love of my life
I'm going back to the old me
Watching Grey's Anatomy makes me feel close to you still
Heartbreak
Time to get my life on track
We all make mistakes that we later on regret

I really screwed up this time
Sleepless nights suck

Glad to have today and tomorrow off

Merry Christmas everyone

Thank goodness tomorrow is Sunday and it's my off day, time for some football
Happy Thanksgiving everyone
Looking forward to all the food tomorrow
Three more days and I'll be watching Lebron and the Cavs play the Magic
This weather sucks donkey balls
My fresh new start

Football and <CLINKING BEER MUGS>
I really dislike having anxiety
I'm beyond excited to be out of Marshall County finally

I wonder what today will bring
It has been a good day, just wish it would stop raining though
It ain't nothing to cut that bitch off<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
A good workout at the gym now relaxing watching some tv
It's so nice outside today

I'm ready for a nap
She's hott 
Come on 9, I'm ready to go home and play some Xbox
Today is a good day
Guy's Night Out
Come on 3 o'clock
Me and my homies did your hoe, he feel some type of way<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
I'm so ready for BBQ on the River Friday

Another long day of school and work.
That moment when your love turns into hatred #sorrynotsorry #donewiththelies


Desperate for change, starving for the truth
Little fire tonight but bonfire this weekend at the house 
If I had one wish

My weekend starts now
@sandramhiett Me too
Everything does happen for a reason. The most caring, honest, and generous person has came into my life thanks to my friends
My new toy(Apple Ipad) 
Polo tshirt, Polo drawers. Now make me take this Polo off. Girl you can get broken off<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
I had a great night at Lori and Blake's house last night. Music and beer pong <CLINKING BEER MUGS><CLINKING BEER MUGS><CLINKING BEER MUGS><CLINKING BEER MUGS>
All smiles <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
We all do and say things that we regret but we can't take them back. We can only change and do better from that moment on.
It's going to be a great day off today
Coffee has become my best friend these days<FLUSHED FACE>
30 more minutes and I'm off work then to Bowling Green
I'm glad to be off work and relaxing now
Starting now, I'm letting go of the people in my life who lie, use people, and don't care about anyone.
They say nothing lasts forever. Will you be my nothing then?
It's pretty sad when your own friends think you are doing wrong but you still can't see it #PatheticMuch
Ready to get tonight and tomorrow over with then off Monday even though I gotta be at school by 8
That was the best nap ever!

This is way too early to be up
Things change, people change. Looking forward to Friday with a special someone.

It's just sad that some people can't ever tell the truth.


So glad I've decided to go back to school
Let It Burn 
@sandramhiett We both seemed to have went through a lot. But only made us stronger.
@sandramhiett So much had happened within that time Pineapples
@sandramhiett I had really enjoyed it. It definitely has been a while and we missed so much within the past 3 years.
Stop worrying about making mistakes and live life. Mistakes are part of life lessons






You are one ugly Where's Waldo looking ass mofo
It ain't nothing to cut that bitch off<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
Off the next two days <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND TIGHTLY-C>
Hoping things continue going good
Why am I awake right now?
I think someone is still sleepy lol 
I had great day swimming with little man
Rihanna is sooo beautiful 
My mini vacation begins now
There's a circus somewhere missing a clown 
Love me or hate me, it doesn't really matter to me.
I've got to start looking for a job in Murray and move back. I'm ready for my fresh new start, leave everything here in my past as a memory
Ready to get this work week over and enjoy the weekend #workgrind #gettinthatpaper


I've got the worst road rage
Bounce it, bounce it, bounce it, bounce it. I'm bout to throw a couple thousand<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
It's going to be a good day
The waking up is the hardest part. You roll outta your bed and down on your knees<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>

I can't stand these high rise shorts and pants, parents and grandparents wore those in the 70s and that fashion went away for a reason
I'm really hoping I get this job<PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS>
Even though the whole situation sucks, I'm happy knowing I will be safe. In eyes of many, you are who you surround yourself with.
Come on Friday, hurry up and get here.

I'm getting stronger every day
So true 
Having fun at the lake with little man 

I'm in charge of my own life, there isn't anybody that's going to tell me what to do. Kick rocks with open toed shoes

Nice day off from work 
Going to be a great night <FIRE><BEER MUG>
Ahhhh finally my bed <SLEEPING FACE>
I'm more pissed at myself
Cleaning out the house. Then picking up in the yard. Pool party this weekend.
Laying down watching some Netflix before work
Having dirt on the people that have done you wrong is like having money in the bank. You just sit back and wait until you need it.


Not much of a morning person
Shit, house would be put up for sale! 
Pool is up and ready 
Never downgrade, only upgrade
Lol 
Some people can be so inconsiderate of other's feeling and show no respect when one is trying to do right.
Putting down tobacco, saving money 
Little man being silly 

I'm so glad summer is here. Time for the lake, bonfires, and cookouts
My buddy Wes 
Don't talk bad bout someone on social sites cause you never know the effect it has on them emotionally and mentally.
Car all washed and clean <THUMBS UP SIGN> 
Yessss lol 
@savannaxlouise You know the Pacers gonna lose right? We've been through this the past two years. Don't doubt the Heat
Why do people go to college and graduate with a degree but then work at a restaurant?

I'm not easy to fool
Girls it's not cute or sexy when you go out in public with your ass cheeks hanging out the bottom of your shorts.




Day at the park with my little one. 
Some people are just idiots, no other excuses needed. Just simply idiots.
Not looking forward to work today, it's too nice of a day to be stuck inside.






Tonight in Marshall County, there is a child not yet born that is going to Prom with their dad but will leave with their mom
Now that I have finished watching Dexter, I need to find something new to watch


I always have a back up plan


@savannaxlouise I reckon we going to listen to some "2 Chainz", does that sound good to y'all?
@savannaxlouise You can't forget the rap music




Life is full of lessons just have to open your eyes and ears to learn
@savannaxlouise I don't believe that at all lol

@WWEDanielBryan #nextworldcham…

Definitely not looking forward to work today after being off on vacation.
My week vacation from work begins now
Had the best dreams ever last night
@savannaxlouise Could be if you need to brake abruptly.
New number (270)2268723. Text me your name.
Everything is finally starting to come together.
The respect you get is decided on your actions. #karmaisabitch
Ready for payday Friday. Time to get some bills paid and deposit for new apartment.
Some people these days really piss me off. They too lazy to work, they rather steal from others. They'll get theirs though, karma.

Coincidence? 
The cat and mouse games begin.

The time is always right to do what is right
I think "dildo" is the acceptable insult. I would just call you a dick but you aren't real enough
I wish people felt like I deserve the truth instead of lying, hiding, and sugar coating the truth. I might be a different today if so
I have the feeling it's gonna be a long night.



It's not what you do for people that counts, it's who is there for them when they really need someone
@savannaxlouise Not me though!
I hope everyone has a safe and a happy New Years.

If you have someone that cares for you and you continuously do them wrong. Wake the fuck up dumbasses and do right. You won't do any better
Merry Christmas everyone
"But I'd rather work on this with you then go ahead and start with someone new"
The reason Santa is so jolly is cause he knows where all the bad girls live
Not tolerating bullshit anymore from anybody!

Got my own place and a new car, I would say life is going pretty good.
Ok enough of this horrible weather. I hate being stuck.
I really enjoy living in Murray
"See you had a lot crooks tryna steal your heart. Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out how to love, how to love"
Always some excuse.
Always tell the truth, trust is everything.
@savannaxlouise What's up shawty? Lol jk, I just wanted to say I hope you enjoyed your trip. I miss you and I love you
"Never made love before but she gonna get it right"
Thanks for the follow @JeffTeagueHub

It feels good to have you @savannaxlouise back. Thank you for giving us a second chance.

"Man up, that's your gf. Tell your girl stop calling me. Texting me and stalking me. Get your gf off of me."
This could possibly be the best night ever. Keeping my fingers crossed.
Making some changes today, the new beginning
It's a test of your character, it's part of figuring you out.
You better believe I'll be getting my revenge, learn to keep your nose out of my relationship!!!
Paducah, @MikeGillie14 is going to be at Kentucky Oaks Mall Thursday from 6 to 8. Come out and show your support everyone.
Those of you who celebrated the holiday yesterday probably aren't celebrating today, National Drug Testing Day
Watching the Bulls and Knicks game
Wrestlemania last night was one of the best ever I think. Ready to watch the Wildcats win the NCAA championship tonight.
I can't wait for Wrestlemania, it's going to be one of the best yet.
