@rgay fuuuckkk
@mechadaveo Yeah, in terms of the components it's pretty much a CYOA book.
@WyndWhyd I would call it Sherlock Holmes Is a Jerk But I Love Him. :)
@WyndWhyd Yeah, I like that description.
@WyndWhyd Hm?
Also, 5) it's perfectly cooperative, but you also have lots of chances to show off (by making cool/impressive deductions).
4) It gets out of the way whenever you want it to, and ends as soon as you want it to.
3) Most of the game is just conversation between players as they speculate about how and why the crime happened,
It's great because 1) There are practically no rules, 2) The game rewards players for using their real-life knowledge and skills,
You do the same, basically by flipping to different pages in a book. You gather information as you visit more locations.
He goes out to solve the thing by examining the crime scene, talking to people, gathering clues, etc.
So, the basic format of the  game is, you are some pals of Sherlock Holmes. He gets a case. You hear the basic setup when he does.
Spent the entire night dreaming about Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Detective. Now, while I'm awake, still thinking about why it's so good.
@WyndWhyd @beoliu . . . lebron
@beoliu I've been away from my computer but I mean I think we both know what I wouldda said.
Pro tip: Your stir fry recipe should not require two tablespoons of sugar.
Should I do that? The design challenge is it needs to feel open-ended but actually have relatively well-defined branches.
Every time anyone I know reads Wolf in White Van they ask me if I've considered writing/running something like the game that is in it.
Spent hours and hours tonight playing Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Detective. Was pretty amazing, you guys.
@teenpizzagenius Yay!
You also shouldn't credit the man as the originator of most of the ideas in the book without any evidence. Doing so makes you an asshole.
and the woman's name is first, then you should honor that decision when you talk/write about the book. Name the woman first.
Dear everyone: the order of the authors' names on a book is not generally arbitrary. If a woman and a man co-write a book,
Finally going to actually write an essay using Medium. Have thought it looked cool for years, but never used it.
@ClaireLombardo Oh dear.
@gilhova Right. There are some relationships you shouldn't force on people. "I'm now a person you talk about rape with," for instance.
@gilhova Think you've given me a starting point for my own essay. :)
@gilhova Its whole mode of operation is to forcibly create an intimacy among people that didn't previously exist.
@gilhova Also seems like if you have the kind of relationship that makes these jokes harmless, you don't actually need the game.
@gilhova Exactly; the fact that many women and people of color, etc. apparently actively like the game doesn't make that problem disappear.
@gilhova I feel like you've really put your finger on the problem of CAH's worst cards; by design, they put people in a terrible position.
@gilhova Thanks for writing this! I liked reading it.
I have cleaned up three cat vomits in the past ten minutes.
@teenpizzagenius That definitely seems important to the enjoyment of these raps. I don't always but in this case it was hard to avoid.
@teenpizzagenius Wes I do not think I like these raps
@teenpizzagenius Wes I am listening to samples of this rap album on emusic. I will let you know how it goes.
@KeatingNation NICE
@poetryduh If your relationship can survive that, it can survive anything.
. . . Say hi if you want!
, , , Say hi if you want!
@KevinMCatalano Also "Life Like Weeds." Also "What People Are Made Of."
@KevinMCatalano It's insane that one record can have all of that music on it.
@WyndWhyd Sparklehorse never quite worked out for me. I thought they would, but they didn't.
In college my ringtone was "Third Planet," I guess because I wanted people to be afraid of me.
It's been hard for me to accept they'll never do another Moon and Antarctica.
I wasn't that excited about the latest Modest Mouse record at first, but if you turn it way up it feels pretty great.
@killianczuba It becomes sort of a combination shitty imitation The Wire and "will they or won't they" (kill each other) (they won't).
@killianczuba I was pretty into it for a while and then it was like, "Whelp, guess they didn't know what was good about their own thing."
@killianczuba Sadly I think you've seen the best of it.
@WyndWhyd Yeah, I never watched Angel. Quit Buffy like 2/3 through. I'm not surprised others read her differently.
@WyndWhyd And that Buffy was preserved from such corruption partly because she was virginal, pure.
@WyndWhyd That the character's bloodthirstiness and sexuality grew together, created each other.
@WyndWhyd I don't remember the details at this point, it's been like six years since I watched. BUT, that was certainly my read.
Not even men are really "like men" in the fictional/pop cultural sense. So forcing women to behave that way to feature in stories is silly.
These being absurd performances of masculinity that *actual men* do not in fact typically enact.
The moment where the woman character reveals she's awesome by punching a person's lights out, telling a guy to "grow some balls," etc.
Of course this is a subset of fiction's fundamental inability to believe women are interesting unless they are "like men."
Confusion on this issue leads to characters/stories that sometimes read to me as basically psychotic.
Depicting a woman doing some violence is sometimes a feminist act, sure. But the violence itself mostly won't be.
Which, in fairness, is one of the central fallacies of cultural criticism in general, feminist and otherwise.
His work has also been consistently guilty of confusing "woman does some violence" with "woman does some feminism."
@danup Yeah. And feminist critics are generally way too easily seduced by the idea that a woman who punches shit is necessarily feminist.
@tashaaaaaaa Absolutely -- in many regards he's ahead of the sad, depressing curve. And he means well! I like some of his stuff.
The Eliza Dushku character in Buffy was just awful. Tastes lust and turns completely evil. Because that's what happens to women, you know.
Joss Whedon's reputation as a feminist always puzzled me. I'm sure he's a fine human being but his writing hasn't been great in that regard.
@egabbert I unfortunately can't stand the way most things end, so I've had to resist that impulse. But yeah. That's the way of it.
@egabbert I keep deciding to learn to meditate in hopes of focusing less on the various stories/memories of things and more on the things.
@egabbert Kenneth Burke talks about how people take the end of a thing as its essence. Think there was something analogous about the worst.
@egabbert This seems very intuitive to me. ... I need to read this book for the book that I'm writing.
@skullmandible He's terrible. He's TERRIBLE
@NMamatas Growing up poor made me see them as barely human. I have crumpled fliers in front of people.
Sales people must hate dealing with me. If you try to up-sell in a way that I don't like I will typically choose not to buy anything.
@KeatingNation Do you like the fruits of my Wikipedia research?
@KeatingNation No, that's obvious, how could you not love "Pudge"
Time for an old-school tweet: say hi if you want.
I have a question about Daredevil. It's been bugging me for weeks. Why does Vanessa care about Fisk? ... WHY?
I chill on some Matthew E. White.
Oh my God people are still shouting at @ShutUpShow for not liking Cards Against Humanity
@egabbert I want to read that book but also today is like Day 1 of me not being completely freaked out by death in like A YEAR
@iandenning85 @druchunas Yes, that should be better.
@WyndWhyd @druchunas I have problems with She-Hulk too. (I don't like that she's conventionally sexy.)
@jbouie Felt similarly last time I saw it. It was like, hey, wait a minute, this isn't actually all that stupid.
@druchunas You could pretty easily make any of them a woman and it wouldn't change anything really. Even Hulk at this point.
@druchunas Sure. Recently I've been thinking about how funny this problem is, given that the male characters are practically asexual.
@kavancleary I think that the caution that gay marriage injects into the language is good for us all; you can't assume as much about people.
@druchunas They ought to be able to come up with a more interesting character, too.
@druchunas All the stuff people are saying about her treatment in the marketing, etc., is true, but the worst thing is she's boring.
@druchunas That's what I'm saying, though -- it's sad to see people having to get invested in a lame character on those grounds.
I agree with the broader points being made here but man oh man do I not believe anyone cares this much about Black Widow.
@druchunas Seeing FLOTUS makes me feel bad in my mouth. :(
Or the growing awareness of trans people. That is gonna be really good for English. It already has been.
Sometimes I think about how excited I am for what the nationwide legalization of gay marriage is going to do for our language.
I would do a lot less stressed-out tweeting if I could admit to myself that I will never be the kind of person who writes before noon.
when Microsoft Word has ideas about the order you should put your words in
Anyway, go buy my book. :)
All of which is to say, I think, that I need to stop worrying about conquering the world, and start having fun again.
@JonMcConn Man I just wanna make the reader's weird green monocle shatter. Is that so much to ask?
Now we're 1/3 done with life, more or less, and some of the limits are defined. And I hate it. I miss not knowing what I was capable of.
This is kind of a weird chain of logic? Yesterday Tracy talked about how sad she was not to be eight anymore. Because she was all potential.
And so what I'm telling myself right now is to relax, to let the reader love what is there to be loved, and to stop needing them to love me.
And so I constantly fret over the book I'm writing now, which my wife, my best reader, tells me is by far my best work.
Because I need the reader to acknowledge me and my growth. I need them to know I'm still learning.
But as my growth has become more invisible -- as I've relied less on showy sentences and flashy twists -- I've grown anxious.
You're still improving their experience by clarifying the text, by wasting less time, by writing with less selfishness.
There comes a point, and it comes pretty early, where most of your growth is invisible to essentially every reader.
And I'm thinking, maybe the pursuit of that unreachable height is counterproductive. Makes me worse at what I want to do.
But it reads -- intentionally -- a bit clumsily. It doesn't appear to be anywhere near the hypothetical skill ceiling. Has obvious mistakes.
And I'm also thinking a lot about Ishiguro's THE BURIED GIANT. It's a masterwork written by a great writer at the apex of his learning.
Like, I'm 1,000 times better at writing sentences than I was ten years ago. I am maybe 2 or 3 times better at reading them.
I don't think there's a skill ceiling on reading either. But I also don't think most readers grow with practice at the same rate writers do.
He had a friend, an intelligent person, who read the entire book without ever noticing the changing tenses, but still understood the book.
I often think about a teacher who talked about his novel that alternated chapters in the past tense and chapters in the present tense.
But today I'm thinking about the extent to which reading is asymmetrical in that regard.
In other words, it's easy to start writing, and you can keep improving at it forever, so there's no real reason to ever stop.
I tend to think that writing is an infinitely fascinating pursuit because the barriers to entry are so low and there is no skill ceiling.
Here comes a Twitter jazz odyssey about writing:
@tashaaaaaaa I think I've tried to cut two up myself. They got squoze to death.
@tashaaaaaaa No matter what you do, working with an actual mango always leads to disaster. Embrace it.
@druchunas Hmmm. I think "ahl."
My favorite word to use in narration may be "all." Scared to do a search and see how many times it appears in my book.
@teenpizzagenius awww yiss
@Ethan_W_Ashley Yeah.
@robdaviaugamer Identify with what you said on Game Design Round Table re: dungeon crawls. I want to love one so much, or make one I love.
@Ethan_W_Ashley When I see people playing it they never look actually happy. It seems joyless and grubby.
@egabbert That would be a sweet move! Even if shoes are invisible to me.
@egabbert So sometimes I end up in this terrible recursive loop of drifting down because I'm embarrassed to be alive then snapping back up.
@egabbert I think people mostly forgive my shyness but I tend to look down which can mean it seems I'm staring at a woman's breasts. :(
@egabbert Oh hey there's the quote that is terrifying.
@egabbert It is! Apparently. By those people. I am reading the essay but hadn't gotten there yet. :)
@Ethan_W_Ashley I am so happy the game night I attend seems to have basically banned it.
@egabbert I'm assuming this is a joke about that being a shitty book but I don't know the book so maybe it's sound advice?
@egabbert I'm so bad at eye contact. :(
@egabbert Was the part where she also didn't help especially traumatic for her?
@CarlWilhoyte I'm not a huge fan of trigger warnings, but neither am I sure "is it fun" is the beginning + end of a happy and ethical life.
@mechadaveo :(
@CarlWilhoyte Yes. One time. Among people you trust. At home.
@mechadaveo oh no
@CarlWilhoyte So, like, do we have to get a game of CAH going before it's acceptable to say CAH is bad? Or is that the one forbidden idea?
@CarlWilhoyte My understanding is that fans of the game think it's cool because it's a safe space for saying basically anything.
@CarlWilhoyte I don't understand why if it's important that we be able to say anything to each other, I can't say this game is bad.
@CarlWilhoyte I think parts of that article are a bit self-righteous but the arguments are sound.
@CarlWilhoyte Dude, come on. This is the same crowd that thinks GamerGate is all in good fun.
BUT YOU MUST NOT SAY THAT IT IS BAD. That is the One Forbidden Thought.
The whole point of the game is supposedly to celebrate the chaos of free thought and speech, to temporarily suspend the rules of discourse.
The comment thread in that article has taught me that the ONLY THING YOU CAN'T SAY is that Cards Against Humanity is shit.
@CarlWilhoyte Is it wrong for them to say it's shitty? The sensitivity of the game's players contrasts rather starkly with the game's vibe.
@CarlWilhoyte Yeah, I dunno man. I don't think people need to feel guilty for playing it but I do think it's shitty.
@CarlWilhoyte I don't think it is scary, though. I played it with my mom and brother. (That was the part that made my one play fun.)
@CarlWilhoyte I think it has one funny play in it. Most of the people I see playing it don't really look like they're having a good time.
@CarlWilhoyte But I still think the point about letting players avoid responsibility is a strong one. I want to own my shitty jokes.
@CarlWilhoyte I agree with that to an extent. I think the article assumes too much about what the jokes HAVE TO mean.
Because it really doesn't want you to feel responsible for your own jokes.
taking responsibility for hurting others' feelings can be pretty fun. (Thus the joy of the roast.) But it's hard to do with that game.
On the occasions where I played a card with the intention of being hurtful in CAH, I really went for it, precisely because
The bit about it absolving the players of responsibility for their shitty jokes is I think the most damning point. It's just cowardly.
I have had fun playing it with family by taking an absurdist angle, but I don't think I would want to play it again.
I more or less agree with these arguments about the crappiness of Cards Against Humanity: 
Tracy said some smart stuff to me in an offhand way today and I am still trying to internalize it all.
@Aaron__Burch @WyndWhyd @KevinMCatalano that seems pretty accurate to me.
@KevinMCatalano @Aaron__Burch Also, the conclusion strikes me as ridiculous on its face. I simply don't believe it.
@KevinMCatalano @Aaron__Burch But, like most stories, I don't think it actually bothers to do what it says it's doing. It lets you instead.
@KevinMCatalano @Aaron__Burch I remember it as too obviously A Literary Version of A Genre Story. It tells you what it wants you to see.
@KevinMCatalano @Aaron__Burch Haven't read it in I think four or five years, but . . .
You pay an introductory price for one massage and you get emails from people begging for the chance to rub your body the rest of your life.
@KevinMCatalano @Aaron__Burch But yes, other than that class, us, and anyone who follows us, and anyone who happens to see: it's my secret.
@KevinMCatalano @Aaron__Burch Well, I did make a professor in an MFA workshop pretty angry once by arguing that this was so.
@Aaron__Burch @KevinMCatalano I have a terrible secret: I think that story is bad.
@goodwillheart I was referring more to the appearance of having been cobbled together from several completely unrelated collections.
@goodwillheart so are his! That's actually part of why it looks that way. :)
@poetryduh I mean, that's within your rights, to let them live. But so's the other way.
@poetryduh . . . If anyone says "throuple" to you it is legal to kill them I think
Which strikes me as the correct response to seeing a superhero: a mix of "oh my god this guy is gonna kill me" and "he sure looks dumb"
I'd be shocked if this were even implied by the script, but you can tell Kingpin can't decide whether to be terrified or just laugh + laugh.
The bit where Kingpin first sees him in the costume is a nice bit of acting, though. Shows how much smarter D'onofrio is than the material.
Just now getting around to finishing Daredevil. The last episode is mostly dumb.
"IF YOU DON'T SUPPORT OUR BAD CARTOONS THAT MEANS YOU WANT US TO BE SHOT" "Guys..."
"Well, I mean, granted, but that's not really the issue at ha--" "NO ONE SHOULD EVER SHOOT AT US"
"NO ONE SHOULD HAVE SHOT AT US"
Like, "Guys, that cartoon seems extremely racist on its face and these explanations of how French culture means it's not aren't persuasive"
I guess if you're the editors of Charlie Hebdo you get to say "no one should have shot at us" to any legit criticism of your shitty cartoons
Man, waiting months to get paid on some work that was already a huge hassle is not really a super great feeling.
Enjoying Clinton's moves to shore up her left flank. Now if only she could say she was wrong about Iraq and also war in general.
@HeavyFeatherRev Sweet
Anyone know a good place to read about how corrupt businessfolks have stolen from their own companies in the past?
There should be a special google you go to when you want to make it clear you're only googling something illegal for research.
In the library, googling methods of embezzlement.
I feel bad for people who are mostly right about things. Their opponents are too stupid to catch them when they're wrong.
@theunfakempw We'll never know, because I will never not skip the second I see that guy's face.
@theunfakempw Mostly they look untouched but EXTREMELY generic. Like, he knew *how many* books he wanted, but that was all.
The books all look like they came from a Goodwill shelf. (I am allowed to make that burn because I grew up in clothes from Goodwill.)
That endless ad that opens with the guy bragging about his lambo, then he swivels the camera and brags about his shelves full of books.
That's not what masculinity is, to the extent that it's anything. But we don't know what else to write.
This is why most "meditations on masculinity" are about crime lords and cowboys and shit.
It follows -- and I think this is true -- that we're pretty bad at writing men. Most male characters I read are ridiculous caricatures.
We're still developing the technology, as a culture, necessary to making stories for and about women.
In fact, practically no one writes women very well; we're all too busy negotiating with dull tropes and our own internalized misogyny.
I think the misconception that "men can't write women" is damaging, in part because it implies women can.
Only when people stop using "strong women" as a synonym for "interesting women" will we consistently get actual good women characters.
Word counts are hard enough to nail. Character counts are just cruel.
@GreenAppleSea12 Yesssss
@equiprimordial Yeah, I suspect you're not far off in this case. Police report v. Other reports a good distinction/question.
@lioncaller Yes. It was by turns terrifying and reassuring in that context.
I read The Martian on the planes to and from San Francisco and at times it gets tedious but mostly I liked it a lot.
@rgay Every time a publishing situation ISN'T shady it's pretty much a physical shock.
@mechadaveo The best response I've seen yet involves essentially abandoning public life, which, maybe not awesome for him if he's innocent.
@mechadaveo Statistics say most of them are surely guilty, but in the case one of them isn't, I wonder how they should behave.
@mechadaveo I'm sort of indirectly addressing a rash of rape/abuse accusations that have been made against various writers/editors recently.
BUT, it does seem like a good thing to think about at some point: if you know you're innocent, how should you conduct yourself?
I haven't seen a whole lot of good responses. Probably because mostly or in every case the accusations were true.
I actually wonder about this a lot due to recent events: in the rare-but-not-impossible event a man is falsely accused, what should he do?
Sure, random document posted by a totally anonymous human with no substantiating evidence or even clear accusations, I believe you.
Re: The idea that anonymously naming a person as the perpetrator of unspecified crimes is acceptable, LOL. LOL all day and all night.
That stage in your public collapse where you start posting Everclear lyrics to Facebook.
Anyway, I hated those people on the plane.
So now I think he was "an engineer" like the male lead in every romantic comedy is "an architect."
Then he claimed that "springs and, like, screws and stuff" (paraphrase) were responsible for telling analog machines how to behave.
He claimed to be an engineer, and there were moments where I almost believed it.
There came a point where the younger man confessed to possibly being grouchy. (He was whining incessantly about the slight delay.)
Unfortunately, our flight was delayed, which seemed to turn the role play sour: they went quiet, briefly, then stumbled into politics.
I say "pretending" because there came a point where I suspected I was witnessing the world's saddest prolonged erotic role play.
It was a young man (26, born October 13) and an older woman (~60?) who were at least *pretending* not to already know each other.
That thing where you hate the people behind you in the plane so much that you spend the entire flight composing and refining hate tweets.
@carriemurph Congrats!
Woah. Apparently if you want to read an article online but the design makes it unreadable, just leave the tab open. They might redesign.
Vacation is pretty much over, tomorrow we go home. That's fine: I'm exhausted.
@rgay Awesome. You can be weird and play cards like me, we can have our own little table at the cafeteria
@rgay oh weird
@rgay Beyonce told you to watch the fight?
@theunfakempw Most issues it's just retweets of a joke that won't be funny next week but every now and then you learn something.
Allow me to counter-program BoxingTwitter: Jaipur is a pretty great card game.
I feel like I'm from outer space most of the time but never more so than when Twitter watches some thing I never heard of on TV all as one.
How in the fuck do you all agree to care about one thing on TV at the same time. Where is the goddamn newsletter.
@salesses Yeah, I think people should have the legal right to do a lot of dumb shit, but I don't have to pretend it isn't dumb + awful.
Dora the Explora sold out. Now I can't trust anything she says.
We would have done some traveling over the last few years but with my job it wasn't really workable.
I am now in San Francisco on my first non-business-related actual-vacation-type trip with Tracy since we married. Yay!
no facebook i am sorry but that is not a perpetual motion machine
@jonathancalla03 Perhaps it's time for a write-in campaign.
This looks pretty bad! Maybe if they'd adapted my book instead. 
@ClaireLombardo When I do that it typically means the character is a loon.
They are choices based on goals and grievances that you and I may not always share or understand, and they are not for or about you.
Not just irrational violence with no cause, no history, no intent.
Whatever you think of the decisions people are making in Baltimore, you need to recognize that they are indeed decisions.
@chaosprime @NMamatas "oh hey also who's that, she's pretty"
@NMamatas "dang, I can't believe she died, that's the complete opposite of what I would have wanted to happen," he said
@NMamatas what if the wife was very good
Like, when you personally find it unacceptable, that might mean it's almost gone far enough. Maybe. But maybe there should be some more.
Feel kind of weird about all the white people on my feeds discussing the extent to which they find the rioting acceptable or unacceptable.
If they were killing my friends and family I would break shit too. Come on now.
Wait a minute, foreigners are getting Age of Ultron before me? Why am I even American?
You know I'm sincere about Neutral Milk Hotel because I just publicly admitted to having ever been a "teen."
Gonna see Neutral Milk Hotel live in two hours. I'm not obsessed like I was as a teen but it's a big deal to me. A great gift from Tracy.
Today . . . has been frustrating.
@resnikoff I've really enjoyed the books of his that I've read.
A ghost story about googling yourself and getting 0 results.
@JDaugherty1081 @cari_luna The number of people you follow stresses me out.
@JDaugherty1081 @cari_luna Yeah, glad to say I have no clue. :)
@egabbert I did know that but only because 30% of research for most novels consists of checking if something is racist. (It usually is.)
@JDaugherty1081 @cari_luna Let me guess: someone made a minor lapse in judgment that others seized on as proof that person was garbage.
@JDaugherty1081 I'm kind of curious about the particulars but I probably shouldn't investigate.
@JDaugherty1081 In general one of the main ways of making a name among Internet writers seems to be pitching a fit. Not worth reading.
@JDaugherty1081 I haven't noticed. But you probably follow way more writers/scene people than I do.
@JDaugherty1081 What's got you down?
@carriemurph @Aaron__Burch @rgay Sometimes I like to say "thanks" or whatever if they put in extra time on it or I know the person.
LOL: 
@s_martone "oh i guess this guy is the villain" "his power seems to be that his hands are hot" "also karate?"
@s_martone You should do a tweet every time a villain is unpersuasive and/or completely boring.
@mechadaveo Would kind of like to meet the guy who is pumped about it.
@mechadaveo But I also think Christopher Nolan directing is a bad idea, and the Joker was good there at least.
@mechadaveo Fair enough. If I didn't think the whole thing was a bad idea to begin with I would have more patience.
@mechadaveo but dave it looks so shitty
@jbouie The one about prison?
@s_martone i mean that's been my theory for years.
@DammitFreehaven Imagine having a thigh that beefy and still having room for that many pouches on it.
@DammitFreehaven I can only assume she'll be a juggalo.
@DammitFreehaven Yeah. The tattoos are the thing. Otherwise it would just be lame, not vile.
Raphael just called Shredder "hose-bag" #EveryTMNT
@jbouie Road House is amazing! My favorite part is the farmer getting all bothered while Swayze does tai chi.
@DammitFreehaven people in the comments on the post I retweeted like it. THEY LIKE IT. the dumb fucks
"I should never have joined forces with a ninja!"--Krang #EveryTMNT
gonna be mad about this joker forever
@salpane I disliked the Nolan films apart from their Joker. Was actually okay with Superman. Now I regret even that.
.@salpane I have never been angry about a superhero character design before this day. I am horrified and furious.
Apart from the several uses of "bimbo" as a punchline, this episode is a pretty decent joke about the lameness of sexism. #EveryTMNT
Leonardo is VERY taken with the new lady ninja. #EveryTMNT
Shredder is both shocked and offended to meet a woman ninja. He challenges her to a ninja contest. #EveryTMNT
My tab hygiene is atrocious.
@danup I also expect three to six months of warning so I can be the most exquisitely sad creature who ever lived in the time leading up.
That seems like a good solution.
Maybe I should start asking myself "will I regret asking myself if I will regret this on my death bed when I'm on my death bed"
It's good to OCCASIONALLY ask yourself if you'll regret a given decision or allocation of time on your death bed but I am always asking this
Like, when I have looked at his designs they have seemed interesting but completely not what I care about, but man, Rialto was pretty nice.
Need to get some board game nerds to follow me so someone will understand when I tweet that I really liked a Stefan Feld game and feel weird
Dude your name is dick talons, no one cares what your tummy looks like.
Just got an email from an apparently real human named "Dick Talens" about how getting a six pack changes your life -- and how it doesn't.
@AMPatti Yes. I was sure.
@AMPatti I have this moment once every two years or so.
Man you put some mint next to some beef and it's just like woooooo magic
I am the KING OF STIR FRY
@danup Yeah.
Well, I have some issues with the ending, which goes on a little too long, but no surprises here: I like A Scanner Darkly a lot.
It's terrifying but it's how everyone, including you and me both, works.
It's not that they won't hear the evidence. They did hear the evidence, or some of it, and it proved them wrong, so they believed more.
This is why I get so irritated when people get smug about what is an entirely predictable, normal cognitive error.
Just to complete the thought, the vaccine thing is a prime example: people believe vaccines are giving their kids autism BECAUSE it's false.
I'm subtweeting, like, all of humanity here, not just you.
A belief that is largely correct is not satisfying. It doesn't need you. You get nothing from believing it. So mostly we don't.
because that way the people who believe the idea feel desperate to defend it, but also have something of substance to work with.
The most popular version of any given idea, even a correct idea, will tend to be at least partially obviously false --
Then you not only have the benefits of saying or writing something people agree with, but you also have their need to defend the falsehood.
The main advantage of saying or writing something people agree with is it doesn't need to be true. In fact it's better if it isn't true.
@carriemurph Yeah, that is very weird.
@egabbert That was definitely my intro. I was just young enough to not immediately throw up.
@carriemurph Maybe it's a principled stance. "Two babies? One vagina? That's just gross."
@egabbert @rgay "think piece" means essay written by a monster with no sense of social responsibility.
@kavancleary Yeah, I haven't checked in for a couple months but I loved it last time I played it.
Oh man Crypt of the NecroDancer is officially out, gonna have to put some time aside for that.
@carriemurph :(
oh my god that standing cat
So tired of meditations on masculinity that I may have to write only books about women from here on out.
@egabbert Lot of stuff going on here. Very conceptually dense material.
You don't get into superheroes or other nerd shit because of a carefully targeted marketing/merchandise push. You do it for cool stories.
I mean this is nice and all (
@kavancleary It's certainly exponentially difficult. The pronoun situation in my A plot makes me want to weep. (Four women, one silent man.)
And then also you made movies and TV shows about those characters operating from the assumption that stories about women can be great.
And then those were some of the main stories happening in your main universe and you put your best talent on them.
Okay but what if starting an entire separate universe of superheroes designed for girls you just did good stories about girls and women.
@kavancleary Two people talking is a fine thing for a scene to be, and also it is sometimes the worst. I worry a lot about this issue.
@kavancleary But that gets harder as I get better at plot, which tends to benefit from having more folks in the mix.
@kavancleary My general rule has been to keep my scenes to three or four characters if possible and usually just two.
oh no i accidentally set up this chapter such that i would have to name like four minor characters damn it
Not sure what to make of this. Tough to watch: 
@mollygaudry "prop arm," she says
@mollygaudry I figure there were always some arms just kind of hanging out, waiting for their time to shine.
@mollygaudry It was literally the thing described.
@9andhennepin @1chae @mlkabik But do you listen to them
Had a dream I won a trip to Mars in a contest. Was excited for about three seconds, then completely terrified.
Rejecting a novel is so quaint. No one really has the time to do it.
If you ever see a British person spell "aluminum" you not only forget the American spelling you also lose your house.
Unfortunately for my livestream idea, I have a job and need my voice to do it.
I want to livestream myself reading Fat Man and Little Boy until I can't anymore or it is finished.
@carriemurph This is not to say that your tone is inappropriate, only that there are a LOT of things folks ethically should care a lot about
@carriemurph enough about your message. Neither of those things is super retweetable.
@carriemurph Well, you're sometimes using caps lock, and sometimes the main thrust of your message is criticizing the reader for not caring
@carriemurph Carrie, you know this comes from a place of love: Your strategy here is making it hard for Twitter to help you out much.
@egabbert Sorry, climbing into a car. Hope I didn't confuse us both too terribly. :)
@egabbert Sure. I don't think I disagreed with you on that either. I'm probably imagining that you think I did.
@egabbert Sure. I don't think I'm disagreeing with you on that.
@egabbert In that if you don't have a one-to-one relationship with someone, they sort of necessarily function as an object in your life.
@egabbert I don't like those things, but they seem to me very similar to the case of objectifying a fictional character.
@egabbert I guess I'm not sure what happens on a systemic level that fits the strict definition of the word and isn't rape.
@egabbert But also I'm pretty sure the normal sexual discourse of most people involves some (temporary) measure of objectification.
@egabbert Well, for one, we constantly talk about fictional characters being objectified, which is insane. They ARE objects.
@egabbert I don't think being treated (temporarily) as an object is necessarily degrading if it's the right context.
@egabbert Most men don't know what to do when they're being objectified or "objectified" because we've been trained to do it hatefully.
@egabbert I keep trying to find a way to express my feeling that the confusion is partially a result of misogyny/fear of feminization.
@egabbert Yeah, it's definitely used to describe an extremely broad range of behavior.
@egabbert I tend to feel like people worry about objectification way too much. It's not inherently damaging in itself, I think.
@egabbert When you do talk to people it's mostly everyone trying to do the conversational equivalent of getting laid, I'll concede.
@egabbert It occurs to me that I don't really feel that way about life but it's probably because I mostly don't talk to people.
I think I would stop using Twitter if I wouldn't miss you. It's a lot of the same thing most of the time.
Suddenly getting insincere faves from bots with underwear models for avatars. I guess there are worse bots in the world.
And man I just don't have the energy to pretend to find it fascinating or revolutionary when you grunt an idea we already agreed on.
Or, here's another way of putting it: Like everything else in the world, liberalism is mostly super-dumb tribalist shouting.
I was hoping it would be the old gray brick Game Boy and it was. It was!
I'll admit this melts my heart a little: 
@egabbert And yet no one cuts Jiro I bet.
@egabbert You're making me want to see it more than the recommendations ever did. What is so bad about it?
I don't like the backstory stuff (because it is "backstory," which I am on record as loathing) but I like how Kingpin is scared in this ep.
Netflix just put the words "Scrotal Recall" on my screen. Why not just put your entire thumb up my nose.
@salpane You have a brand, and it is "Hating Reggie Miller."
@salpane Sal I want you to know that the second I saw this tweet I thought the words "Reggie Miller"
I really like the new Ryley Walker record. I am interested in acquiring more + similar music.
@GreenAppleSea12 It's mostly about jorts
@carriemurph Aw man, I am sorry. :(
Just noticed a friend of mine has a Wikipedia page and I am so jealous.
The terror is over. We wept from laughter, joy, and genuine fear.
If I had seen this movie outside the context of comedians making jokes on top of it I would genuinely be screaming in terror
@AlexJaffe nice
@AlexJaffe do people like my british accent as much as i think they do
There is a girl in a diorama in a diorama in a theme park in a movie in a story told by Santa.
That has its own full credits?
Oh wait she isn't Thumbelina. She's going into a theatre, alone, in an amusement park, to watch Thumbelina? A film?
Why is Thumbelina so tall? Why is she in an amusement park? WHAT IS HAPPENING
@mechadaveo Dave I am already so genuinely puzzled.
Been saving this one for a special night since you mentioned it, @mechadaveo.
We are gonna watch the Rifftrax of Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny. Wasn't planning to drink tonight but it might be the only way to survive.
@HelenMcClory I think it's partly just the fact it's like the last socially acceptable slur. But I can't stand it.
@HelenMcClory god i hate that
@HelenMcClory I can download and reformat with submittable, and sometimes I do, but that much is something they can figure out.
@HelenMcClory I do think that authors owe it to themselves and their readers to find a legible format in which to submit.
@HelenMcClory Right. I don't like to see typos but folks should know that kind of thinking can lead to ugly places.
.@HelenMcClory The trouble is that the promulgation of these rules makes people feel they aren't invited to submit.
.@HelenMcClory Sure, I don't think that in practice a bad cover letter basically ever gets you rejected. No one really cares except weirdos.
Often we consider certain rules "good manners" because they let us silently exclude people who are not middle class and white.
If you're not a privileged person (which, at present, I am) you don't have the time to sit around trying to figure out how to do this stuff.
Actually, let's rephrase that deleted tweet: I care about this because lit mags unintentionally exclude people by perpetuating these rules.
3) Why am I required to pretend I'm custom-building my cover letter from scratch when your rejection will necessarily be a form letter?
2) Why does it matter that I know who you are? The product -- the magazine -- is the public-facing name. That's what you should care about.
1) Your first line readers will not be named, even though they're the ones most likely to actually read the submission.
You CAN do that, but the idea that it's compulsory or even good manners is just yucky.
Continue to be extremely grossed out by the idea that you should know and use the names of the relevant editors in a cover letter to a mag.
@TriciaLockwood All of my TV show ideas are also about babies with adult jobs/problems. Let's pitch CBS.
@silverbackedG I didn't realize it had been replaced! I came across master/slave as an IT thing in related research a few years ago.
It's funny how that used to be relatively silent/invisible as a decision and now it makes me intensely uncomfortable.
For instance, in an archetypal "you have to be my butler for a day" plot, '80s/'90s folks might say "you have to be my slave for a day."
Once again I am struck by how weirdly free people in the '80s and '90s were with the word "slave."
Now we are gonna watch the one with Super Bebop and Rocksteady.
Just watched the one where Michaelangelo needs some money so he delivers pizzas for Shredder. Of course, there's a catch. #EveryTMNT
It's Saturday morning so we're watching the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon. #EveryTMNT
I have dreamed lucidly before but that might be my first ever meta dream.
And then the dream continued.
I remember I'm married, and then I spend the rest of the dream feeling bad. ... Welp, anyway."
And I, dreaming, said "That's really funny, this happens to me all the time in dreams, I see a pretty girl and then I like her, but then
Then I remembered, in the dream, that I was married.
And I said, "Oh, that's a pretty girl I met, I kind of like her but sadly nothing came of it." And he was real put off but I didn't know why
So later I was walking around town with a former professor of mine and he saw her and he was like, "Who's that?"
So last night in my dream I saw a pretty girl and thought "hey I kind of like her, we should date." But we didn't.
then I remember that I'm married and I spend the rest of the dream hating myself for my lapse.
So this thing happens to me in my dreams all the time where I see a pretty girl and I'm like "hey I kind of like her, we should date" BUT
@s_martone Sometimes I feel like movie people learned the lesson of Dark Link too well.
@s_martone I have memories of that seeming like it might have been good.
@s_martone It's about Marvel grasping for a way to tell a story that isn't an origin.
@danup Yeah. The stuff people say about basketball and football is just the worst.
@danup My great deficiency as a sports fan is I cannot invest in the narratives at all. Just can't do it.
@danup I spent some time reading some of your baseball writing recently, I'm always fascinated by how people enjoy baseball.
@danup But man, it is perfectly suited to my tastes, great mix of tactics and improvisation and desperation.
@danup The only problem I foresee here is that it's hard to find a team to get invested in just watching youtubes after the fact.
Suddenly I am so into a sport that I want to go read about it and figure out how to say things about it at parties.
Volleyball, guys. It's good. 
@weaveremily Yes, if I had one of those, that would also work. (I do not. I have a Chromecast. And by accident, a Roku.)
@WyndWhyd Me either! Just a PC. And also a(n ancient, terrible) Mac.
whiskey drunk and also trying to figure out if i can do hbo now without an ipad or iphone
@rgay Tracy is still teasing me about how I also loved it. :(
@JustinMcElroy Thus the villain crossover featuring villains that don't yet exist in the current DC movies continuity. It's terrible.
@JustinMcElroy The thing about DC's movie strategy is that they are pretending to be at the same point that the MCU is.
@weaveremily holy shit
@ReeAmilcarScott @iheartfailure I loved Batman TAS of course.
@iheartfailure @ReeAmilcarScott I've concluded that I just plain don't like DC. Which is too bad, because I like their dopy outfits.
@iheartfailure @ReeAmilcarScott It definitely tells you it's The Wire with ninjas pretty often, but, naw.
@iheartfailure @ReeAmilcarScott It's pretty fun and all, but that's a good example of the tendency to believe a story is what it says it is.
@iheartfailure @ReeAmilcarScott Have those people . . . seen The Wire?
@ReeAmilcarScott Hm. So far I'm not really persuaded by Kingpin, which is too bad, because I generally like Vincent D'onofrio.
@ReeAmilcarScott Six episodes.
@ReeAmilcarScott OTOH, I think the only good part of The Dark Knight is basically the Joker, so.
@ReeAmilcarScott Man, I'm watching and enjoying Daredevil but I can't say I'm getting this much out of it. I'm a little perplexed.
When he wakes up and sees what he's become, instead of shouting "NOOOOOOOOO," Darth Vader should shout "COOOOOOOOOL"
The blue fairy thing is more shitty than the real ending, though, I'll agree to that. I was horrified when I thought it was ending that way.
This article is incorrect: BOTH of these endings to A.I. (the proposed one and the real) are pap. 
@lioncaller Thanks so much. I hope I top it someday. :)
@lioncaller I do have a book's worth of stories, I think, though it's hard for me to know what should go in and what shouldn't.
@lioncaller I don't! I've been trying to sort the next novel, with hopes of maybe selling the collection at the same time.
@lioncaller I don't have much of a system. Longer stories are pretty much all I write, so that's a tough situation when I'm not solicited.
@s_martone Every single thought I have when I attend any given concert is pure uncut "what getting old is like"
@haszombiesinit This would be an amazing final tweet.
@jsief @CAFletcher I look forward to seeing how/why! Though of course I have a guess.
@Aaron__Burch I drink to buy myself time to figure out why I'm drinking.
Oh wait, I see, for lame jokes that are not in fact things Darth Vader ever said. Cool.
Why would you have a "Vader quotes" account. The character does not have that much dialogue.
@CAFletcher Like anything he wrote it's not 100% amazing so far but the first few pages really do it for me.
Almost just spelled "weight" as "wayt." Did I just stop caring? This keeps happening to me, it's so weird.
That thing where a guy you used to know who seemed pretty basic gets a huge beard and a blog about how to be alive.
Man, the opening section of A Scanner Darkly is really good.
@lioncaller But my paid submissions consistently seem to get less attention than my free ones. And I've seen the same happen to other folks.
@lioncaller I didn't! But I pretty much agree with it. Ultimately I'm not much for stands on principle these days, so I do pay sometimes.
@ClaireLombardo it is the only way to celebrate this blessed day
@ClaireLombardo it comes but once a year
J. J. Abrams is bad at movies and story in general but man I just watched the trailer and I just want to believe.
Volleyball may be the sport I actually enjoy watching. Has all of the stuff I like about basketball and none of what I don't. Who knew?
The baby gate is on its way. Soon we might not wake up every morning to cats attacking our door.
If Clinton's candidacy leads to politicians courting women of color, that'll be something to feel good about: 
@bravenewlady A friend/former teacher of mine signed an email to me "yours" and I loved it so much I adopted it immediately. He was a dude.
@egabbert Man, that sounds confusing as hell. It's too bad "tell a cop" isn't obviously a great answer, it should be.
Just wrote about armpit hair for a pretty long sentence, gonna take a break and get my bearings.
@egabbert "Tracy Meginnis and her stunning husband Mike"
@egabbert and meanwhile nobody mentions my beauty
@DammitFreehaven Okay. (Imagines your life.) (Compares it to mine.) (Feels bad for both of us now.)
Also, all of my ideas are paper-thin lies designed to justify my neuroses, i.e., self loathing.
The problem being I am philosophically opposed to self esteem. And self.
Is this an appropriate hour to tell twitter that I desperately need to find a way to have normal human self esteem.
@mechadaveo Indeed.
@ReeAmilcarScott Yes. But less than he could have been! My chosen point of compromise is that I hold out for the marginal improvement.
@ReeAmilcarScott Still has not to my knowledge quite said she was wrong about Iraq. Still the person who talked about "vaporizing" Iran.
I understand why people get excited about voting for her. I do. But I don't want them to be. I want them to feel bad like I do.
But it is difficult for me to not be angry every time something reminds me of the fact I am going to end up voting for her.
I am slowly letting go of my dreams that I will get to avoid participating in the election of someone who thinks we kill too few foreigners.
Okay, the thing about Clinton is that she believes Obama is insufficiently eager to murder foreigners. I disagree strongly. He is too eager.
@rgay Oh God I am going to have to go through this aren't I. I don't even like her. I hate being a Democrat this year.
Paying for a submission is a good way to make sure no one reads it or thinks about it for six or seven months at least
Man, I don't want to be a bummer, and I know it's unreasonable, but that just kind of ruined my night.
@danup I've consciously made an effort to cut back on my most irritating habits so I am genuinely puzzled this time.
Pretty sure that tweet I just did is so sad and lame it explains all of my unfollows throughout time and space, past and future.
Got unfollowed by a person whose unfollowing hurts my feelings, just spent like five entire minutes reading my recent tweets for a reason.
@salesses i think this is a haiku
@danup You think you're watching heavily serialized, plotted television and at some point you figure out you're just in hell.
@danup It's not in any way obligatory viewing. Practically nothing is. But it gets deeply weird.
@danup And badly, BADLY misunderstood by basically everyone, I think.
@danup Yeah. Man it was surprising to watch The Sopranos and find that it was genuinely pretty great.
The "meditation on masculinity" thing is basically over also. Whose masculinity are they supposed to be talking about? No one I know.
But there's nothing even sort of applicable about shows like Breaking Bad.
For all its dopiness, Game of Thrones does at least capture something of the weird blend of arbitrary cruelty and systemic evil of life.
The trouble with all of these prestige shows being "meditations on violence" is they never depict what actual violence is like.
@kavancleary I think you might be feeling the very unobtrusive editing and the tendency toward more distant angles -- both of which I prefer
Okay, the hallway fight in Daredevil Ep. 2 is pretty good.
@equiprimordial i hate those too man
clinton :|
@equiprimordial this sounds so terrible but i have seen it suggested so many times
@egabbert @HelenMcClory For a while I basically lived on avocados and then I decided that they just kind of taste like gooey green.
@flamingpetty @egabbert Yes I have seen that suggested a few times and it is taking every ounce of strength in my body to resist.
@HelenMcClory @egabbert Hmm. I have become anti-avocado of late but that also sounds pretty good.
@egabbert Hmmm. I am trying to go savory because it is our general policy to avoid sugar. But that does sound good.
I have set my heart on finding a delicious, healthy-ish peanut butter sandwich with no jelly, honey, or bananas. I am googling.
@egabbert The beautiful thing about not having kids, the entire point, is you don't have to think about kids. Or their absence.
@weaveremily I tried to write "bare" and it came out as "bair." I am trying to write a novel here dammit
Man, I am just never going to be cool.
Genuinely believe that the spelling part of my brain is the first thing aging is taking from me.
@flamingpetty Yeah, probably so.
@flamingpetty I find their current work pretty sleepy and difficult to care about, sadly.
@flamingpetty I sure liked their early stuff. It's a crime to be as good as screaming as their singer and do it so rarely.
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling I've tried and I can't write it at all. It always sounds really wrong when I do.
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling Yeah. I like some fantasy stuff but it can be hard to find the right mix, very tough to balance.
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling Yeah, people have been trying to get me into the books for a long time and I've never felt I would like them.
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling Not really. I watch it but I'm not sure why. I think she actively dislikes it.
@rawbbie It looks pretty cute.
@rawbbie There's a game on Kickstarter right now called Best Treehouse Ever. 
@rawbbie I read the Great Illustrated Classics version of that.
Come to think of it, island game should probably be set on an alien planet or a few alien planets, probably opens up some options.
OTOH, Game About Managing a Fleet of Spaceships has revived itself, become really cool, I am currently building a prototype.
I've got a couple cute little mechanisms but they don't really fit together. Trying to make a weird, inverted Euro game and it's tricky.
Feels like I would benefit in my attempt to design a game about living/working on an island being colonized by some collaboration.
I reviewed Deus, a very good board game: 
@kavancleary Right. This is why I use my social media feeds as inspiration; those are definitely people!
@kavancleary This book is trying to be mostly women, too, which is difficult because polysyllabic names are often nightmares to write with.
@kavancleary For sure, it's the worst. And you have to pick one that won't sound awful the fiftieth time.
Gotta name a character, time to scroll through my feeds and see who wins.
Sports quotes AND fitness motivation? I will make sure to follow you right back, @SportsandFitt!
The simple pleasures of listening to your wife explain Facebook "likes" to her mother.
Seeing photos of that kid you knew in grade school as a full adult is completely disorienting.
@ReeAmilcarScott Oh man, crazy.
@ReeAmilcarScott Yeah, I don't know. Seems weird if they never felt close to anyone with one. But I haven't been close to a lot I guess.
@ReeAmilcarScott Of Daredevil or the Magic School Bus kid?
@ReeAmilcarScott Just to get on the show he had to be an inventor whose wheel chair was basically magic. Those other kids got in for free.
@ReeAmilcarScott Yeah, it always pissed me off. I remember the kid with the wheelchair in Magic School Bus made me angry.
@ReeAmilcarScott I just have issues with disabled characters whose special power is being not actually disabled. Seems . . . lame. #sosorry
@ReeAmilcarScott Have always felt the character was dumb but I am gonna give that thing a chance.
So proud of @tracyrbowling all the time. She's so good.
@mechadaveo Yeah, that's definitely it. DC is such a mess.
@mechadaveo but they are doing the villains' movie before they establish them in the other movies that is ludicrous
Suicide Squad is just a terrible, terrible idea for a film. Why would you do that.
@weaveremily I am mystified by the idea of feeling any other way.
Just once I would like to leave a social situation not totally hating myself.
@mpnye I didn't come this year but when I do go I am very guilty of relying on the name tags.
please stop using apps that simulate a physical magazine with physical pages and augh
How was AWP everybody, was that good
okay everyone I'm back from doing like a week's worth of dishes, what did i miss
If there had been sexual / romantic tension in my life in addition to the rest I might think it wasn't a boring subject too.
Come to think of it I bet the best way to stay sane at an intense MFA program is to go there with someone you love.
Research for the book: holy shit. 
You already did a sunset in this chapter, stupid. Your readers are thoroughly advised re: the sun.
An actual note I left myself at the end of this chapter: "[put a thing about the sunset!]" . . . Why?
@nathangoldman Thanks so much. &lt;3
Language speaks itself through our bodies and we live with what it makes.
Still can't get over the fact that scientists genuinely do not know why we need to sleep.
I guess with Twitter you still go to AWP even if you stay home from AWP. Time to do a lot of braggy tweets about how I stayed home to write.
@egabbert @salesses @TheLincoln @Lvandenberg @mpnye I have a lot of anxiety about making this kind of mistake because I can't remember faces
@nathangoldman 
The people I know who have gone to U of I recently have been lovely but it sure sounds like it used to be the silliest place on Earth.
Randomly reading a thing about the experience of doing The Workshop in Iowa City and just silently laughing inside.
Been in a nightmare revision loop on these few pages for like a week, though that's partly because of interruptions for travel, etc.
@rgay The most generous interpretation possible in these scenarios is that the cops involved are unbelievably talented at being afraid.
Does anyone know any examples of a score-chasing board game? i.e., one where the players always lose, and the goal is to perform well first?
@teenpizzagenius That may be. I've never seen one. I just don't think I can deal with it.
@teenpizzagenius ...it's not really consistent to avoid the same experience on the basis of my belief I already hold the right opinion.
@teenpizzagenius Right -- but I think if I want other people to experience something so terrible in hopes that they will be transformed...
@brickulos Here's a link: 
@brickulos Guy getting shot. Guess his race.
I always feel ethically obligated--people need to watch these videos if we're ever going to change--but I can't make myself do it.
I don't think that I can watch that video. I have tried to watch them before and I can't do it.
Kind of sad not to be going to AWP but not really. It's mostly another opportunity to feel sad/left out.
@rgay Yes, apparently once you hit 28, and thereafter, it is. :(
@rgay For most of my life that has been my ideal temperature. Recently I guess I got weak 'cause now it is not ideal.
@Aaron__Burch Hidden tracks were dumb and bad, they made mix CDs harder to do.
@egabbert my answer is a gif of David Caruso removing his glasses
@egabbert is it as good as i remember it being
@DanNielsenFIVES @WyndWhyd Haha, fair enough, yes.
@salesses Seems an entirely legit question to me. Ultimately those panels are only so interesting, would rather see folks discuss their work
@WyndWhyd My gift to you.
@WyndWhyd I don't think so. "Different than" is fairly easy to understand, even if it's terrible.
.@WyndWhyd "Your shoes are different than mine." Should be different FROM. Different FROM
The phrase "different than" and all its bastard offspring are like pushpins in my eyes and ears.
Had an extremely cool idea yesterday but not gonna tell you about it for a few months, gotta make it first.
@beoliu Bloody Mary Bloody Mary Beetlejuice
@beoliu I . . . I don't think so
@beoliu Well, it is in the sense that you follow/are followed by everyone on twitter.
@beoliu Maybe! The context seemed suggestive but vaguetweets can lead to such moments.
@mechadaveo But then they use those things purely to describe situations that are vaguely analogous to things they currently see/feel.
@mechadaveo They demonstrably have nouns, prepositions, verbs, and use these words to refer to the things you would expect.
@mechadaveo I am always *extremely* distracted by the logistics of that language.
@WyndWhyd @beoliu Personally I don't feel it's worth discussing anymore, kind of sad to see anyone is still thinking about it.
@beoliu If you don't think you did the thing other folks think you did, and it's not really knowable, is apology required?
@beoliu Man, I feel like that situation was pretty ridiculous. It was at worst an open question as to whether that poem did what folks said.
@WyndWhyd Yes. It does.
Today I have Zayn Hair
@ReeAmilcarScott Just saw your previous tweet wherein you suggested the same. I guess this is real; it's finally happening.
@ReeAmilcarScott Let's pitch DC on this shit. They're relaunching again, this is the perfect time.
@ReeAmilcarScott In every issue he lands on a new planet and I guess fights a dinosaur?
@salesses Yes it's SO GOOD
@ReeAmilcarScott Where is the movie about that part of his life.
Ooh! Here's another good one: baby astronaut.
Just figured out that there is a new season of Adventure Time going on that we hadn't subscribed to and I am SO UPSET
Half of my story ideas are about babies doing adult jobs. Baby Mayor. Baby Professor. Baby Husband.
70 variously colored mini-meeples have arrived for my game prototyping. They are the cutest possible army.
Had a great time at tonight's #MBMBaM in Minneapolis. &lt;3
Had our first Made Rite. Thoroughly pleasant.
@gayrodcon Make sure you have local backups!
@gayrodcon It's just bewildering. I've never had this kind of issue with it before. Now I never want to use it again.
This bagel understands me.
why oh why did dropbox revert that extremely important file to an empty version from two weeks ago. why
So tired but too emotionally drained to sleep.
Went from having a decent night to spending every ounce of energy in my body not sending furious emails.
@storyforburning Poetry's economy is a little different so the effect is probably a lot weaker there.
@storyforburning It's so much worse. Most really talented prose writers don't pay; they don't have to.
@DammitFreehaven Ayup.
"Maybe we shouldda focused on her instead of how guilty this guy feels about being a shitty person/the protagonist, i dunno, shrug"
Like, a dude is nominally what you're there for, but the whole movie/book/whatever keeps saying, "I dunno, this lady seems more interesting"
Do you ever feel like 70% of decent fiction at this point is about its own perplexity at featuring a dude as the main character?
@Inauthenticity :( I am going to that show with my beautiful wife, why would you do this. :(
@JustinMcElroy @travismcelroy I don't want this to happen. :(
@lindsaydevon What about a square of toilet paper. Oh wait I already know this one the answer is YES
@tashaaaaaaa Also because if you've been doing this a little while you half-know all the judges in your genre and it feels super sketch.
@tashaaaaaaa I hate contests. I never submit to them.
Feel kinda bad that the Internet rewarded me with follows for bullying folks but I guess that's basically the Internet's whole deal.
@lioncaller Of course I'm also a strong supporter of just submitting wherever you feel like basically regardless of "fit."
@lioncaller And that's exactly the experience they should dread their readers having.
@lioncaller Fair enough!
@carriemurph @egabbert @JDaugherty1081 The devaluing thing is hilarious. You can't devalue something in a market this flooded!
@carriemurph @egabbert @JDaugherty1081 If I make things people want enough to pay me then I will gladly accept their money.
@carriemurph @egabbert @JDaugherty1081 I don't actually have many opinions about getting paid, I knew the odds of that at the outset.
@theoffingmag If you want to write a letter about it that's cool, my email is mike.meginnis@gmail.com. I'm not that worried about it.
@egabbert They do, I'm sure the effect is considerably weaker. Still real, but weaker.
@theoffingmag I understand that, I just don't know what it means. That's how it's done. That's what we all do.
@theoffingmag Cool. Fair 'nuff.
.@theoffingmag If your expenses aren't onerous compared to others', it's weird to offer them as an explanation for why you should be paid.
@egabbert @JDaugherty1081 Right. I get that. I have much less of an opinion when I don't see anyone defending them. Then I get one!
.@theoffingmag Which is not to say they suck or don't matter. It's just to say complaining about your costs is not at all persuasive.
.@theoffingmag The thing is I'm talking literal, measurable numbers. Your editors can't possibly make up the difference.
@JDaugherty1081 @egabbert The reason I get sucked in is the defenses for fees are so consistently shit. It's kind of offensive.
.@theoffingmag I want to be nice to you but you're offering the same crap arguments I've been hearing for a decade.
.@theoffingmag Given the number of writers who submit, and even limiting it to the number you'll publish, that's still utterly trivial.
.@theoffingmag So, like, you can charge, but talking about your expenses is ridiculous. I know your expenses. They're trivial.
.@theoffingmag Just in terms of time, effort, and opportunity cost, no magazine can ever catch up to what the writers it publishes have paid
.@theoffingmag So talking to me about the out of pocket costs of Submittable and a web serve is just laughable. I've spent SO MUCH MORE.
.@theoffingmag The thing is that writing a story that's actually any good takes SO MUCH TIME, considering reading, study, practice.
.@theoffingmag That's the thing that irks, though -- you don't exist without them. They already support you.
@JDaugherty1081 I have!
.@theoffingmag I'm genuinely sorry you're getting beat up on, obviously this is totally random.
.@theoffingmag I'm assuming you would find it ridiculous to charge someone you solicited $3. That's kind of the issue in a nutshell.
.@theoffingmag It's not that I care about the money. It's the fact that no reasonable editor would intentionally charge someone they wanted.
.@beoliu But the operating costs associated with running a journal are utterly trivial compared to the cost in labor/time.
@theoffingmag I'm guessing your feeling is that the fact that you offer ways around the fee means you won't lose talented writers?
I also very rarely pay to submit. And my experiences with places that charge have been pretty consistently worse/less interesting.
Sub fees weaken your submission pool. I have read for contests, which are always markedly weaker than free slush, I know this for a fact.
Re: @theoffingmag and sub fees generally, my position has always been that very few mags can afford to lose even 1 talented submitter.
@ChadPrevost I think so too. :)
@ChadPrevost For sure. My brother once described my work to a friend by saying, "Imagine the saddest thing." I only hope this one works.
I've written where I feel genuinely bad about what I'm putting the characters through and how sad they're going to be.
I've written stuff that was, like, sad in its outlook or its implications or atmosphere or whatever, but this is the first thing
I think I might be freaking out about this book all the time because I feel nervous about how incredibly sad it's going to be.
@egabbert &lt;3
Dear writers: Refusing to pay for something no one wants is not "devaluing" it. It is valuing it appropriately.
Very possible I'm freaking out mostly because I'm hungry.
Yeah, not gonna start the novel over, though I may toy with the other one periodically while I work.
God, I don't know. What's my problem today. In general.
This morning I am gonna explode from anxiety.
Someone wise come tell me if I'm being stupid to think that this version is better.
@mechadaveo This would be like the fourth one.
Worried that I am deluding myself, that I am undermining myself, that my wife will be mad at me.
Man I'm worried that I just came up with a much better version of this book and have to start over again.
@SteveHimmer Nights are for worrying about death, Steve.
Having another one of those mornings where I feel like maybe this book is a failure and so am I.
If the best defense of a law is that it won't actually do anything, then the law should not exist. It's codifying privilege to no end.
But then I realized that arguably made it worse: that Indiana legislators, and others, were using their office for pointless nastiness.
seemed difficult to answer, to me. Not persuasive exactly but hard to counter.
The argument that the law wouldn't ultimately be used by a significant number of people and therefore could not make folks 2nd class also
For a couple days it bothered me that my side of this argument didn't have any principle as clear as "you get to choose who you serve."
No tension: you lose.
Likewise, if we judge that discrimination on a given basis is flatly unethical, your religion does not exempt you from the law. It can't.
The extreme example: It doesn't matter if your religion says it's okay to kill people. The law can't accommodate you. No tension: you lose.
It will always be the case that your exercise of your religion is constrained by common laws concerning basic norms of decency.
"Religious pluralism" doesn't require us to let religion determine the law. Quite the opposite.
David Brooks: "The opponents [of RFRA] seem to be saying there is no valid tension between religious pluralism and equality." Well, yeah.
This has no significance! Except that if you allow yourself the thought, you can occasionally let go of some frustration.
Sometimes, about as often as anybody else, an oppressed person is also an aggressive, douchey person.
If you think you know how to be good then I don't care what you think.
Without Twitter, who would retweet people I already lost interest in.
It was hard for me to get into Cixin Liu's The Three-Body Problem at first but once you get to a certain point it's just insane and fun SF.
@JoeMOwens Yeah, it's a matter of time for sure.
@JoeMOwens I want that real bad for my PS4 but don't wanna spend the $ this second.
@carriemurph Oh man those are sweet.
@carriemurph My failure to do what little homework I had probably has a lot to do with my ignorance of math.
@carriemurph Did you know that as a home-schooled person I barely ever did homework
@carriemurph They probably aren't listening. Because time.
@carriemurph I have learned that no one will ever like a song you share to social media. I still make the mistake of trying sometimes.
@carriemurph Would it even be called "sharing" ?
@NMamatas I think it would work better if it only happened ~40% of the time. So you could never be quite sure.
@danup Anything that lets us not have the stress of caring about / remembering one more human being is all but irresistible.
@danup My theory -- I'll write about this in my first TinyLetter! -- is that people desperately want an excuse to write each other off.
@danup YES
@danup Yeah, I understand that kindness is not maybe always obligatory but it is always pretty good and cool.
@danup If we don't all drown in melted ice cap first that is definitely going to happen and then we'll all be bastards.
@danup The thing I'm looking forward to is the moment where we realize eating meat actually IS equivalent to the holocaust.
@danup I used to be on the forefront of that stuff relatively speaking and now I am probably hate-speeching like twice a day.
@danup The way language has changed around transgender issues in just like the last six months should give people fucking pause, man.
And I can promise you that if I ever think of something you said that I didn't like, I will definitely write a thinkpiece about it.
Like, if I had ever made a kind of shitty joke, I hope you would all do your best to keep me from having any good jobs.
It's a good thing none of us have ever said anything that wasn't 100% awesome, am I right?
So is anyone else going to the #MBMBaM live show this Friday?
@egabbert oh my god why isn't there like a mega-loud brass band called Big Gay
My hobby is feeling left out for reasons that reveal themselves as basically silly when I scrutinize them at all.
@JoeMOwens @JDaugherty1081 He's right, I will.
Anyway: gonna try to sleep.
@matthewjsimmons @Judson_Hamilton Joke's on you, Simmons, you've got more followers than I do.
@Judson_Hamilton Sure, me too. They don't have to be invested. But you can tell when folks are just trying to get ahead.
@JonMcConn Yeah, this is why I got real judicious about when I followed back.
@Judson_Hamilton You're not wrong. I just wish folks wouldn't be insincere about it.
@danup @TayeDiggs I picture him reading every tweet, just smiling his beautiful smile, accepting me for who I am.
@fluxcapacitor74 My preferred form of communications are friendly disagreement and uncomfortable confession. Neither really works there. :)
@fluxcapacitor74 Facebook is mostly much worse. I barely use it beyond "liking" things that other people post.
@danup I applaud your publisher's effort.
@ReeAmilcarScott @carriemurph @TayeDiggs I assume it's his social media team's bot or whatever but I like to imagine he made it himself.
@danup That is possibly some very high-level passive aggression.
@carriemurph @TayeDiggs You want to be mad but he's just so goddamn charming.
@danup Pretty sure I had them and then I lost them.
@danup I find it hard enough tracking my book's numbers, and that's doing pretty well, supposedly, for what it is.
@danup I have never gone to that URL because I am afraid of it.
At least when people ignore me here, I can watch Netflix on the other screen and pretend to work and shit. It's only briefly humiliating.
I don't have many close friends. Maybe 3. I worry sometimes it's going to stay that way, and that social media will help it stay that way.
We do that to trick other people into ACTUALLY investing in us. And that's awful.
That's the thing about social media. It's mostly a means of pretending to listen to other people. It's a method of pretending to care.
Then, when I said I was "trying to find a way into the actual essay on here," an account called Writing for Students fave'd that.
I was trying to communicate that this platform sometimes makes me feel like garbage, and those robots or indifferent people fave'd it.
Because it contained the phrase "social media."
When I said "things like social media create a terrible anxiety and self loathing," several of these things faved that tweet.
But the most hateful thing of all are the spam bots and social gurus who favorite tweets because those tweets mention certain keywords.
(I used to kid myself sometimes that it was, and figuring out I was wrong broke my heart.)
Chiptune producers follow me pretty often also, because of how I sometimes mention Nintendo. It is not because they liked my NES story.
I mean, he's a very handsome man. If he's into what I'm putting out there then that's great. But I've got doubts.
This morning I was followed by @TayeDiggs, who follows 338,000+ other people. I have no idea what caused it.
These feel like a negative follow -- like there is one fewer person reading what I write here for every one of them that pretends.
Presumably this is because of my twitter bio. I doubt any of them are putting in enough time to learn more than that about me.
Writers are by far the most guilty. I get followed every day by writers who don't, as far as I can tell, know or care about me at all.
I assume that most of us get followed once or twice a day by people who don't mean it. I certainly do.
I keep trying to find a way into the actual essay on here and I probably can't do it. But here's an incredibly funny, sad thing:
@rgay Depending on how you count it that is a fuckton of lights.
Half the point of working at a cool, hip place like Buzzfeed is to make other people feel like shit about themselves.
But mostly they don't. If I tweet at someone and they don't validate it in some way I feel like scum.
And for me things like social media create a terrible anxiety and self loathing. Because anyone could talk to me if they wanted.
Or maybe I've never had social skills. Those are different but overlapping things.
I'm a ludicrously privileged person at this point in my life but I've never had much in the way of social capital.
It was totally wretched and mildly funny but mostly I thought the person was being wonderfully honest.
Remember that thing we all passed around and laughed at because a person said he/she hated him/herself because of not working at Buzzfeed?
There are a million essays I keep almost writing about the way social media changes us but I'm too afraid of being a weird grouch.
Sometimes I feel like I shouldn't tweet anymore. I'm very done with most of what animates the form. But I would miss you guys too much.
@rgay Me too, but also, given some of the garbage they've published in the recent past, kind of shocked.
Man, people love to describe themselves as award-winning.
It's time to look at this picture again: 
This is the project that will never end. Chaos from beginning to end.
@egabbert Why does the phrase "Trigger Alert" feel so different from the phrase "Trigger Warning." English is magic.
@kyle_minor Recent worst-reviewed book is The Buried Giant. Just garbage wall to wall.
@kyle_minor I would if I were doing it for a good publication. :) Nobody's asked.
@kyle_minor Right. One reason I don't write reviews of books I don't love. Would hate to be that guy, but I know my weakness.
@kyle_minor Possibly not ever. It's like the winner's curse in an auction; you win by going too far.
The most insightful person is always the cruelest.
If someone does art in the wrong way it is important that we tell them they are garbage until they give up and die. That's just science.
I love Reggie Miller. He is the spirit of the game @salpane
a person on twitter added me to a list called "cool" like an hour ago and already it's really gone to my head
If you hate the U.S. that's totally cool, sometimes I do too, seems pretty reasonable in lots of ways.
Saying it about a politician makes sense as an attack because it's weird to try to lead a country you hate. But why shouldn't citizens?
Always strikes me as odd when normal citizens accuse other normal citizens of "hating America." Who cares?
@tashaaaaaaa No. It does not.
@weaveremily It's exciting to have this stuff clarified.
@weaveremily You can also block folks on the standard Twitter site. Might be able to mute them, I'm not sure.
@weaveremily Haha, Christ. If you're on tweetdeck (which is definitely best for Twitter) you can mute people.
So yes, support the people and businesses you know in Indiana who need it. But making noise about keeping cash out of the state is good too.
But that doesn't get headlines, doesn't communicate how unacceptable we find the Indiana law. It isn't a threat to other states either.
I understand the sentiment that there are a lot of good people in Indiana who need and deserve support and help. I know and love some.
Really happy to see people, businesses, governments hitting Indiana in the wallet.
@weaveremily Try Replying All with meta complaints about people Replying All. That usually helps.
Reminder: I am gonna do a TinyLetter 'cause I want to write you letters. Sign up here: 
@salesses @Aaron__Burch I can happily reject any story after two sentences or fewer, so I don't really need help.
@salesses @Aaron__Burch I actively dislike them. They only ever give people a chance to fuck up.
@egabbert How would this become a rule except in circumstances that would demonstrate the fact it was a terrible idea?
@markedoten For sure, it blew my mind back in the day. I thought the Genesis must be from the future.
@markedoten Now that one is pretty great! Though also pretty hard for me, because virtual 3D spaces always confuse me.
@markedoten It always seems to me like it feels terrible unless you're going super fast, at which point it starts to play itself.
@markedoten The secret is to remember that Sonic is not a very good game, so it's okay if you're not great at it.
It will be weekly at most and its contents will be entirely determined by who signs up and what I think they like. 
Okay, let's try this. If you sign up for my TinyLetter then I will send you something that I wrote for you: 
@SERVPRO If they can't work out what you're calling about on the basis of my name (Mike Meginnis) then that's exactly the problem.
@SERVPRO Nah, I'm done trying to get your company sorted for you, call up your Iowa City folks if you want to know more.
@egabbert I'd say unless we're talking president-level fame it's mostly a way of signaling you're one of the cool kids.
@egabbert In general using only the last name also seems a bit . . . tacky? Like, "Well obviously everyone cool/smart will know who I mean."
@egabbert Right
@egabbert Also, though I think this is a better-known thing, the tendency to refer to women by first name where men get the surname.
Haven't made anyone cry over the phone yet but give me a couple more years, I'm pretty sure I can crack it.
I am a good, polite, empathetic customer but I am also EXTREMELY good at angry phone calls and emails when the time comes. @SERVPRO
Man if you want to have a real frustrating time and just wait MONTHS for basic repairs go with @SERVPRO I guess.
Disingenuously following me is like a rite of passage for chiptune producers I guess.
@carriemurph Would make more sense to make sure poor people have money with which to buy food, breast milk, etc.
@carriemurph Yeah, "it should be free" makes more sense as a claim, even if it seems pretty unworkable.
@carriemurph People shouldn't have to be/date an economist to understand why barter is a terrible way to get what you need.
@carriemurph The idea of trade as somehow superior to purchasing things is insane. Buying stuff is so much more efficient/fairer.
The only thing more attractive than confidence is an extremely healthy, proportional amount of self-doubt.
@equiprimordial She is! Fixing her might've made it worse. Think she just has urinary discomfort. Thankfully it is our least important couch
@WyndWhyd Hahaha. I gotta put some chicken wire up.
@WyndWhyd Interesting!
@WyndWhyd I don't think that would work for us. But I appreciate your ideas!
@WyndWhyd Oh nice. Unfortunately her favorite blankets are another place she likes to pee. Seems to be a comfort thing.
One thousand gratitude points (GP) to the person who makes my girl cat stop peeing on the couch.
@resnikoff Okay sweet. Let's you and me do this. (Just you and me.)
Should I do a TinyLetter I have been hearing about them a lot and they sound kinda fun.
@s_martone He underlines some stuff about the character that you don't need to underline. Just dramatize it and let it be, I think.
@s_martone Thinking back on it now, I feel like Lee's problems mostly come from not trusting the material.
@s_martone It will be better than you heard, though very obviously flawed, with a couple pretty solid moments.
My Internet is really up and down today.
@droqen Incidentally I am finally working on prototyping two workable games that I feel good about, am I a big boy yet.
@droqen I think that's a risk but it might be worth taking.
How many congressmen do you think listen to a lot of Godspeed You! Black Emperor
@droqen I've always wanted to do that kind of thing. I support it!
Get enough white people from Indiana together in a room alone and one WILL say something hateful. The rest will politely ignore it.
I bet a supreme court decision straightens them out before they have the chance.
I really wonder how long it'll take them to fix that law. I could easily see it taking twenty years.
Sort of the pinnacle of substituting "being nice" for "being good," I guess; it's VERY okay to be racist, homophobic there in private.
But you puncture that blandness even slightly and all sorts of nastiness spills out.
Most of the people I knew there could pass for relatively decent humans because of their thin-lipped version of good manners.
It's hard to explain exactly what I'm getting at here. You'd have to live there.
@DammitFreehaven That's what I'm saying, though -- most of the populace in Indiana prefers a much more polite form of evil.
Which is evil, but not RUDE, because it's really just about letting people manage their business in the way that they like. So that's okay.
It would be RUDE to actually pass the sort of aggressively retrograde law they really want, so they settle on this.
Indiana is such a weird, sometimes vicious state. That bullshit law is exactly what's wrong with it.
Fuck Mike Pence.
@SteveHimmer We don't all have your courage.
I'm trying to commit to always using my best idea for the events in a given chapter, even if it means big changes to previous events.
One thing I'm learning with this book is the utility of letting the plot be inconsistent in the first draft.
Incidentally, you can buy the Fat Man and Little Boy ebook from @0s1sReads here: 
A conversation with @JohnDermotWoods and @0s1sReads wherein I start out making lots of jokes and then it gets real: 
I have this Chrome app that shows me random satellite photos of parts of the Earth every time I open a new tab and it never gets old.
@kavancleary It's an epic series of graphic novels!
@Book_Fight Yes.
Reading Akira on the Toilet: The Mike Meginnis Story
@Book_Fight Maybe you should do Spring Cleaning, a series of episodes wherein you throw books you don't like anymore in the garbage.
@lindsaydevon Thankfully no one ever asks me anymore. (The answer is always "to make you feel bad.")
But I still think of her as having her former surname, refer to her that way, and sometimes feel confused when I remember she's a Meginnis.
Tracy took my name when we got married because my surname is cooler than hers and we didn't want to hyphenate or have different names.
@teenpizzagenius yes, terrible
@teenpizzagenius I think the main reason people don't know how to be friends anymore might be fear that everyone else is trying to get laid.
@teenpizzagenius I explain everything in my life by assuming the other people present thought I wanted sex.
@teenpizzagenius Everyone thinks everything a person says is an attempt to get laid. They might not be wrong.
@teenpizzagenius Which, the problem with texting is, the text equivalent of that is also a standard way for a text conversation to end.
@teenpizzagenius The text equivalent of that then
@teenpizzagenius She just kind of stared at you for ten minutes and then left?
@teenpizzagenius I have a good friend who said it at my house recently, he is a great guy, I had to tell him it was bad
sssstooppppp sayyyyiiiinnnggg "creative" as a nnnoooouuuunnn
@Ethan_W_Ashley You just did!
.@equiprimordial Folks really went high concept in response to this question
@the_newgent It's pretty good as murder implements go.
@ReeAmilcarScott oh dear
Dear Twitter, what are some of your favorite murder weapons?
@egabbert but elisa as a woman it's your job to always imply you at least might think i a man am good and cool
A dude on his cell phone shouting the fact that he is at the library. We hear you, bro. Here you are.
@gnomeloaf Gawain, meanwhile, is desperately holding to the highest mannered form, but it fractures badly in his mouth.
@gnomeloaf It's like the way Axl and Beatrice talk about her sickness/injury. They smother it with manners.
@gnomeloaf Yeah -- although I think attentive readers should see through the dryness of the style, to the desperation underneath.
@egabbert I've never seen her successfully read a book on its own terms, I shouldn't be shocked she's failed again.
@NMamatas Yes, the characters one is even worse, as I see it, as it's often used to discount people with different experiences.
@gnomeloaf Current and deeply nonsensical.
But it's a very specific technical and ideological choice to render a consistent and plausible world; not all stories should work that way.
No, the world of The Buried Giant is not "fully imagined" or "persuasive" in the sense of being wholly consistent or even mildly plausible.
This line bothers me because it's basically accurate but takes a premise that should be contentious for granted.
This line also grates: "Worse, he has failed here to create a persuasive or fully imagined fictional world."
The world of the book is arguably reminiscent at times of Lord of the Rings, if one squints, but never ever Game of Thrones.
The worst bit is the comparisons Kakutani makes -- a reminder that literary critics are not expected to be precise concerning genre fiction.
I heard The Buried Giant was drawing some poorly argued reviews, and man oh man was it true: 
@gnomeloaf guys she needs that candle
@gnomeloaf Right. (In addition to being something I would never, ever make a normal part of my conversations with Tracy.)
@gnomeloaf Yeah I did question that bit but I ended up not minding it really.
man come on guys talk with me about the buried giant so I can deal with my feelings and go to sleep.
I'm a very easy mark for this book for a great number of reasons but still, there it is. I would cry if men weren't emotional cripples.
Just finished The Buried Giant and I can't find the words.
@carriemurph oh christ
@ryanpardieck it's so good
@ryanpardieck what
The library is a place for taking calls. #IowaCityFacts
@amorak @gnomeloaf Honestly I find the idea of logging acceptances bewildering. Rejections I understand, there are uses for that.
@gnomeloaf @amorak My suspicion is less about talent and more about the style of submission Duotrope encourages in most users, really.
@gnomeloaf Duotrope is still a subscription service now, right? I bet that  change shook up their numbers significantly.
@amorak @gnomeloaf They would be. Although OTOH I bet being a Duotrope user is negatively correlated with publication anywhere selective.
@gnomeloaf I think when Tracy and I were at Puerto del Sol we were one of the top 10 most challenging and I still felt we published too much
@gnomeloaf Feels like this make perfect sense if you think about what the slush of any marginally popular mag looks like. 3% is really high.
I don't feel like paying for Bloodborne at the moment but I do wanna own it and play it.
Does anyone who writes for any video game site actually read what they wrote even once before posting it?
@MollyL Nice.
If you participated in that mess but you haven't thought about once in the last two weeks, maybe consider the possibility you fucked up.
Has anyone thought about any of those people or that poem in the past, say, fourteen days?
Remember how parsing out exactly how sexist and shitty the author and his publishers were became THE business of the day?
Remember a few weeks ago when a not-great poem got published and some people decided it represented everything wrong with the world?
At this point if you don't understand resolution and how it relates to printing you need to figure it out or stop doing visual art.
@rgay That font would have looked dated on the Earth: Final Conflict fan site I made in 1999.
@rgay Oh sweet Christ that is bad
@TobiasCarroll I think it works best if you choose to read it as a really weird comedy.
@merewhitney Also my friend Evan Lavender-Smith's book Avatar, which is gorgeous and short but maybe not story-driven enough for your mood.
@merewhitney I wouldn't call it simple exactly but Kiese Laymon's Long Division is one of my favorite recent shorter novels.
@TriciaLockwood this fact no kidding drives me up the wall
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling That's on a whole other level from the stuff I'd read about. Just crazy.
@gnomeloaf I have taken to telling myself that when I am gone that means there is more room for everything else.
@gnomeloaf That is still a very good quote. Wonder if it was you that put it in my feed first; I find it very comforting.
The reader is the story and the book is a means of making it richer.
When you think of the book while you're living your life, that's the story, but even when you're done, that also is the story.
When you're away from the book and living your life, not thinking of the book, that's the story too--that's why I love novels.
If you're pausing your reading to imagine what might have happened in the past, it's still just story. It isn't backstory. It's THE story.
The term "backstory" drives me insane. If you're hearing it now, it's just story. The reader's experience is not the past; it's everything.
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling Is this the thing you were talking about? This is much crazier than anything I knew: 
@Book_Fight Mike you got it in one.
Every moment is a teachable moment when you have the self-awareness of a deck of cards.
Why is that? What could explain this behavior? I have a theory, and it isn't flattering.
But when someone you don't know says something shitty on or near the Internet, you lose your goddamn mind.
You rightly kept this news to yourself. Why would anyone want to know that your friend has a terrible idea? Your friend doesn't matter.
This is a double waste of your time because you absolutely know people who have said worse things to you in private.
The Internet has made it possible to know every time someone that doesn't matter says something shitty.

Bartender: What'll ya have?
Cat: Shot of rum.
[Bartender pours it]
[Cat slowly pushes it off the bar]

@shaunhamill Yeah. We'll be happy to try out your gift if you want, of course, but we've got some other fun stuff too.
@shaunhamill Nice.
@shaunhamill My personal thing is I make a whole lotta stir fries. Just toss a billion vegetables in a wok and stir 'em around.
@shaunhamill Don't know the specifics of your new diet but we eat reasonably healthy when we cook.
@shaunhamill BTW, Tracy has been thinking maybe it would be fun to do some kind of healthy-ish food potluck type thing.
@shaunhamill The Meginnis threshold is actually a measurement of shame and anxiety in the days following a basic social interaction.
@shaunhamill Infinite Jest is the reason I went off the deep end with that book. It was a lot of fun to write, at least.
@shaunhamill Thank God it's nowhere near as long as any of those--less than half of Infinite Jest.
@ClaireLombardo Of course; exciting times.
@ClaireLombardo I have sent you an email.
This is still a tab in my computer: 
@Aaron__Burch @hobartpulp No one would publish me again.
The self-congratulatory myth of "taking a stand" in these situations is ridiculous. The only one you hut is yourself.
I empathize with writing a dumb thing in a moment of weakness but I don't empathize with smugly ignoring its many problems for this long.
The Boudinot thing still isn't done, huh? And he still hasn't apologized for being an ass? Okay then.
Had an experience so bad I began to question deck building as a mechanic. #whatistheworldcomingto #iaskyou
@bethanyaball I will look forward to it.
Why does everyone come here specifically to take their calls? #librarymysteries
The Iowa City public library might be the noisiest place on earth.
@teenpizzagenius Blindness really is quite good. Pretty confident you would dig that one.
@teenpizzagenius It feels just a little bit Saramago. May feel more or less that way later. Not that I've read all the Saramago.
So at this point trying to read the TIME website is pretty much the same as "trying" to be slowly dipped in lava on a dangling meathook.
@bethanyaball I keep worrying that it's going to betray me but so far it just keeps being great.
About 1/3 of the way in, I'm really digging Ishiguro's The Buried Giant.
@weaveremily @tracyrbowling I have read about some of them, though that was a couple seasons back. We also enjoy callbacks to Frisky Dingo.
@mechadaveo I guess this: 
@JDaugherty1081 @cari_luna @smith_henderson you can be my rival justin
when i get home i will blast the new modest mouse while i make stir fry
People are outside the library demonstrating. They should shout a URL so I can go there and figure out what they want.
Probably whenever I get frustrated with folks what I ought to say if i have to say something is simply "be kind."
@egabbert At some point, once you can see the people around you with a little clarity, kindness is probably usually enough of an answer.
@egabbert The conversations he's talking about taught me a lot, so I value them, but I think it's probably coming time I disengage from most
@egabbert Haha, in part this post, in part some related things I've been thinking about: 
It's a little bit surprising how consistently you can navigate an apparent moral dilemma simply by choosing to be kind.
Like, you can be mean if you want, you just can't maliciously wreck a person's life.
At some point we probably have to just admit that everyone is going to be mean to everyone else most of the time and try to deal with that.
The trouble with arguments about which arguments advance "the cause" (pick one) is that those arguments definitely don't.
Man in library just spoke his full name and number quite loudly into his phone. Now how can I possibly find him to exact my revenge?
Rather than ritual denouncements/hate-ins, we should greet each public display of bigotry by admitting to our worst last thoughts.
In general the ability not to make a mistake that reveals you are racist/sexist/homophobic or otherwise awful is a badly overrated skill.
I feel like "ability to 'talk about race' in a way that will not look bad on Gawker" should not be a required skill for Starbucks baristas.
personally i eat as many glutens as i can every day 24/7, can't get enough of those sweet glutes
"make sure to get the gluten-free soy sauce or this recipe won't be gluten free anymore" OOOOHHH I GET IT
that part of the gluten-free recipe where they remind you to get the gluten-free version of a traditionally glutenous ingredient
@blakebutler What if instead of "tall" they really did say "long." I think that would work pretty okay for me.
But still. I do think it's useful to know about. It can help you with small, daily decisions. It helps you see the world more accurately.
n general I do think white liberals enjoy talking about privilege way too much. There's a lot of false self-flagellation.
But I do interact with (white) women all the time, of course, and knowing about my privilege in that regard helps me not be a shit.
I just don't have a lot of interactions with people of color in person. I haven't since I left New Mexico for Iowa.
Male privilege is admittedly a more constantly useful concept, because our country is so segregated in terms of race.
Once you see white privilege, you can't use that inaccurate belief to justify yourself, so some of your behaviors change.
And we use that belief to justify a lot of inaction and actively backwards behaviors.
There's a stupid thing many (most?) white people believe, and which I used to believe, which is that the advantages of whiteness don't exist
Here's that link: 
Re: the link I will tweet next, I would say the benefit of promoting awareness of white privilege is it helps us to check ourselves.
Sometimes you see an author's website and you mentally compose an email offering to redesign it for free.
If you don't know a fictional male character's first name, it seems like the odds are surprisingly high it's going to be Karl
can we talk about the l character in the title font in the battlestar galactica: pegasus expansion? no? i didn't think so
@JamesTateHill Yes. Also don't name more than two characters probably.
@SessilyWatt Yeah, that's the other thing, those exercises are tremendously useful for the person who does them.
@anphimimor Yeah, I'm sure some people hated me for it, but good sentences are a pretty technical issue, not usually super subjective really
Most teachers will not trouble themselves.
I don't know if folks liked it, but I'm confident it was useful, because of how much I loved it when people did it to me.
When I was in grad school I used to choose one page and mark up/rewrite most of the sentences. Then I would say, "Do the rest like that."
Most of your teachers at an MFA will barely bother with this, because (let's give them the tough criticism they so love) they're lazy.
The only tough criticism people actually need is a tremendous amount of work for the teacher: marking up sentences on the page.
Why oh why do people think young writers need "tough criticism"? If they're the sort to benefit from that, they already do it to themselves.
@noteon And they were three feet tall from living on rotten potatoes
@noteon Exactly! They did what they had to do. Because life was hard and they dumped their shit in the streets.
Bro they also capitalized most nouns and had an s that looked like an f.
"People making books before 1870 used two spaces after periods all the time!"
drinking whiskey and getting furious about typography
Sometimes when the cats eat it sounds really sarcastic.
@ClaireLombardo Please do. I apologize if I am slow or forgetful about it but I will try not to be.
@ClaireLombardo Aesthetically pleasing one-syllable names for women are invaluable. (I like to keep the names super short in stories.)
@ClaireLombardo Unfortunately she is a character named once and never mentioned again. But I'll probably use your name again some time.
@egabbert Haha, no, I chose Claire, because a Claire fave'd the initial tweet and I thought, "Okay, I like that."
@egabbert They're good too! I did end up choosing one. But I will try to remember these. (And yes, that link's a good approach.)
@egabbert Right -- and a lot more sort of blunt one-syllable things that make no real impression. God I love being a Mike. Means nothing!
@egabbert Tracy and I were talking last night about challenges in naming women; for instance, your average dude name implies so much less.
@egabbert Man I always forget about Kay and Laura. I am gonna stockpile those.
@WyndWhyd Yeah, at the moment I'm not sure of the character's gender either. May not be an issue.
@WyndWhyd I don't know! We might never find out.
@meremyth You live in a family of motherly names.
@WyndWhyd i feel like that would maybe determine too much about the character.
.@ClaireLombardo faved the tweet, that's close enough, the mom can be called Claire.
@egabbert A non-entity in the story. Just someone's 50- or 60-something mother.
Alternative: Every woman I follow should tweet now, I will use the most motherly name that I see.
Someone name this character's mother so I don't have to do it.
@cari_luna @chicagoexpatjy @egabbert Yeah, that's my rule too. Especially white male writers. I have a wealth of those in my feed.
@cari_luna @egabbert I do, but only because I so enjoy stewing in my own self-loathing
@cari_luna @egabbert The only thing that makes me really mad on Twitter is when people are friends with each other but not with me.
@egabbert @cari_luna I feel like RT'ed praise is just fine, other option is weirder/more confusing. But I would, I RT praise regularly.
I can tell we're not all as excited about this as I am but in a month when you're all reading this you'll see. (Imagine me shaking my fist.)
@egabbert Yes. Or I guess on a Skype?
.@egabbert So you would read your half for a while, then stop, and mine would prompt me to start. Like scripts with only our lines.
.@egabbert Yes, I'm explaining it poorly. Each story would be two texts designed for reading aloud. Texts would prompt people to take turns.
Just really excited about the formal possibilities of this one; some of the stories will have props! Others will have secrets.
Most but not all of the stories would take the form of dialogs.
Here is the pitch: Every story has two sides. Each side is read aloud by one person. The other person never sees your side.
@druchunas And it's best if you never see the other person's side of the story. So people would have to print two copies or get together.
@druchunas Yes, I think it'll have to be published online, but the trick to this book is you need two people to read it.
Main problem is it's a collection but I don't know how to publish it in pieces, and the book (technically two books) is a big ask.
this idea is so good it actually makes me angry
just had the best idea for a series of stories and also a book that is physically two books
I like how Aliens ends with a battle between gigantic puppets.
@teenpizzagenius Jason Alexander has really taken care of himself
@egabbert oh no you did it
@shaunhamill I'm watching now -- they're in the sweet-ass mechs loading stuff up for the mission.
@shaunhamill It just seems like a weird choice in a series that prides itself on its lady protagonist.
@shaunhamill Yeah, that's fair.
@shaunhamill I like the way that women who aren't Ripley are stupid. (Or that seems to be a developing trend anyway.)
@shaunhamill I found the early bits pleasantly goofy.
@WyndWhyd Precisely
Gonna write some fanfic about the lady in the endless commercial about poop smell and the guy in the one about bad breath smell.
@shaunhamill I was on my own with some whiskey in me at that point, so unfortunately I fell asleep. :) Will have to try again today.
name for a metal band: Ripley's Cat
Gonna write a poem about Ripley's terrible hair
Ripley's face fades to a shot of Earth. what could it mean
There is more glitter than you would think in the opening of Aliens.
Hey @shaunhamill, I'm now watching Aliens.
@jbouie The only thing any honest man could write about that movie is a wordless scream
@jbouie THE WORST
@beckydotdata Sounds pretty good
blastin' metal while i stir fry
@DammitFreehaven Sounds like we're living the good live, Stephen.
@shaunhamill That's too bad.
@shaunhamill I really liked Beca's paintings, I wonder what can be done to facilitate her getting back to them.
@shaunhamill Tracy has been writing again! She probably wouldn't want me to really talk about it, though. Haven't even seen it yet.
@shaunhamill I always think I want to write novellas but it seems to be exactly the wrong length for me. I do hope Tracy will write some.
@shaunhamill Haha, no, not quite. Mine usually max out around 10k. Tracy has a few that are longer, though.
I write a lot about interactions between my protagonists and cashiers, waiters, etc., probably because those are the only people I talk to.
If you can find ANYTHING that you would truly call great or even very good, publish it, you won't find another that month.
If you can find a great 10,000-word story, for God's sake, publish it, don't take two slightly less good 5,000-word stories.
As an editor I understand the sentiment but as a person who doesn't want my time wasted it's a ridiculous statement.
One corollary of "it has to be amazing if it's long" is "it's okay if it's mediocre as long as it's short"
I guess this Terry Pratchett was a pretty quotable guy
30,000 words
@shaunhamill Yay!
@egabbert yessss god
@matthewjsimmons The amount of time that passed between these tweets is both excellent and terrifying.
@jameymcdermott Man I used to love Longshot.
Turns out roughly 30% of comic book and cartoon characters created since 1980 were just David Bowie.
The sad thing about Bowie is his popularity should have been freeing for dudes. But long term it mostly freed us to draw him as a cartoon.
Dear Kickstarter backers of the world: Plastic miniatures are lame. Signed, me, Mike Meginnis, hello.
today i was unfollowed by sonic the hedgehog
@chicagoexpatjy aw thank you
There must be other designers that do this but I've never noticed it before and in this book I can't seem to un-see it.
half a mile away from the capital A? What kind of madman would do that?
Like, why would you shove the left arm of every T up against the previous period to a greater or lesser extent, but then " marks are, like,
I love this book but the way the designer kerned the letters is slowly driving me insane.
@kavancleary Thank you again! I hope you love it. &lt;3
The acoustic power pop busker outside the library is singing "When the Saints Go Marching In," apparently wants me to wish him harm.
@kavancleary @droqen And thanks so much for recommending it to folks, Kavan. :) BTW, I have a novel now (that has nothing to do with games).
@kavancleary @droqen So at the end you have to find work-arounds/pathetically drag yourself to the "endboss"
@kavancleary @droqen Yeah, it's not too close -- in the story, you start out with every "key", as it were, and then progressively lose them.
@droqen @kavancleary it is! So fun to see it mentioned in the wild.
Gonna start saying "correlation *is* causation" with the same level of smugness with which people endlessly repeat the other one
@druchunas "writing is fundamentally an act of creating life on a page"
@druchunas oh cool
If I ever reach a certain level of success as an author will I, too, feel obligated to make obvious, over-general claims about writing?
pretty sure next time I read the letter sequence that is "Ghostbusters" I will completely lose my mind
there are other women in the universe than tina fey you know
@t_guzman shhhh
That glorious moment that comes when you give up on ever hearing back about a submission that you really should have heard about by now.
@tashaaaaaaa I basically have three IRL friends, and that's 300% of what I had last year.
@tashaaaaaaa Aren't we all?
@WyndWhyd Yeah, I agree it's kinda weird. I do it sometimes anyway.
also is it creepy that i usually get on best with

wives
My logic is basically if I like you I will like your wife much more / husband maybe almost as much.
is it creepy to follow the spouses of people you like and admire

asking for a friend
kickstarter backers complaining about stretch goals
Now I'm giddy 'cause my John Yoo story finally got accepted. John Yoo for life
@weaveremily emily i said jpeg :/
@blessmekerouac I am pretty smitten with "you are roast beef in pants"
@weaveremily If I ever read Thought Catalog again I want you to send me a jpeg of your baby daughter with the words "I hate you Mike" on it
@weaveremily oh my *god*
(Sorry I'm weird. I'm not mad! Just weird.)
every time you say the word "I" it's a lie, I love you but it's true, that's my thinkpiece, you are roast beef in pants
there are like four good "ideas" in the world, the rest of human language designed to enlighten is really just meat flattering itself
god i just fucking hate thinkpieces, i can't think of anything funny to say about it, they're never smart or interesting
Maybe it's time we admit [thing we already agreed on before, but nobody said it because it's a little bit shitty and rude].
What [two or three actual people, but we'll pretend they represent a movement] miss is [reasonable, mild insight masquerading as a surprise]
The ideal thinkpiece requires so little thought that you can half-read the nut graf, paste that into Facebook, and link, confident you agree
Valiant getting involved will surely be what bursts the superhero movie universe bubble, then salts the earth: 
@rgay Man, that sucks. You're not imposing, you are a sweetheart and also sometimes a goof.
It's a good thing that leaving my terrible job has detoxed my bod of stress chemicals, or I wouldda blown up real good just now.
@ClaireLombardo i googled that and google was like "i got you dogg"
@ClaireLombardo holy shit
@killianczuba Cute can have its problems, but it is far preferable to cool.
This random person friended me a while ago and said hi once and I was like "hi" and now she's screaming on Fbook about how she's off Fbook.
Shame is vastly overrated.
@shaunhamill Never saw it. Seemed like it would probably be bad.
@shaunhamill It seems important to me that Kubrick generally (always?) worked from novels. There's a reason he did that.
@shaunhamill A talent for visual storytelling can get you pretty far but ability in drama and character is vital.
@shaunhamill Mostly the obvious. Chris Ware, etc. I have no idea who could do it that isn't currently doing it.
one man too serious to have a good haircut
My interest in mediocre-to-good crime movies/TV is apparently all but bottomless.
@DammitFreehaven Only if you wanna b good. :P
@DammitFreehaven you heard me stone
There are a few comics artists who are great at both but the vast majority need to get over themselves and find an actual writer.
Writing also takes practice! And you are terrible at it. Because you didn't practice.
Honestly I take a lot of pleasure in watching artists struggle to write. Did you practice to learn drawing? Well, surprise!
@shaunhamill That might still be the main complaint. :)
@shaunhamill Mine was "this is miserable and also heartless"
@shaunhamill The pathological need to be liked is a great subject for a story or novel, though.
@Gingerhazing Well, okay.
@Gingerhazing I think it's less that all writing is bad and more that the compromises inherent to writing are more obvious than other forms.
I notice Yelp has an "accepts Bitcoin" tag for restaurants.

I refuse to eat anywhere that takes Bitcoin.
@weaveremily Just forwarded that email to @tracyrbowling.
I knew google image searching for "skin tag" was going to be a mistake but
@mechadaveo Hmmm. Thank you.
@mechadaveo Yeah, I figured that was probably the case. This one is privately owned by a couple, more a house, don't know how common that is
It's less of a blog and more of a content maw
I mean, his eyes are gorgeous. That's all.
Band name: Ray Liotta's Lovely Eyes
@droqen Tracy and I feel that birds are missing, like, a lot of frames.
Did "Agony" from Into the Woods with Tracy. Man I love that song. They just shout what they're feeling! So good.
"One Winged Angel" is still like my favorite song
Tracy did "Take On Me" so I replied with the safety dance
"Anything for Love" ... "Like a Prayer" ... "A Whole New World" probably
did you know that most classic love songs were really about butt stuff
I truly was bad to the bone just now.
@theBGrass @JDaugherty1081 I'll meet you here and then I will slap those who questioned me with my sweet cyborg hand.
And now: the karaoke. Tracy's singing about the boys of summer. I'm gonna sing about being bad to the bone.
.@MyTweetbox260 Blocked.
More than one year later, people are STILL texting/calling for some dude named Alex who used to have my phone. Who was this awesome man?!
@JDaugherty1081 I mean, they're fine, but their recent situation is clearly unwarranted.
@JDaugherty1081 I firmly believe that in ten years, we will all be asking ourselves WTF the IPA thing was about.
@JDaugherty1081 Oh man, nice.
@JDaugherty1081 I had a sour recently and yeah, that was a pretty great ride.
@JDaugherty1081 I have pretty much settled on dark, smooth stouts; high-alcohol blondes; Belgians; and random weirdness.
@JDaugherty1081 It is certainly a beer that many people currently drink. It is also my least favorite kind. (With a few rare exceptions.)
@JDaugherty1081 IPA is bad. That is my opinion.
Doing a classic, old-school Friday night: tequila, a huge can of Dos Equis, loads of tacos, and Game Center CX.
@CCMPress See also "shiftless" and "shifty." I often wonder what is the correct amount of shift.
@egabbert I thought you were supposed to be at least cooler than me; I recall the words "holy cow" being used
@egabbert why do you follow an esports consultant youtuber
@egabbert There was this one crow who only bought apple products and even put the sticker on his car's rear windshield
Man, crows are scary smart. Did you know a recent study shows that they can form identity-distorting brand loyalties
@blakebutler The main problem is it makes you cough
@nonabiding Hmmm. Bambi forest, basically.
@JDaugherty1081 The thing I'm doing now, I didn't know the middle act until like last week, when I got to it, and decided a bunch today.
@JDaugherty1081 And I knew the beginning sort of. But no idea about the middle or late stuff, apart from vague possibilities.
@JDaugherty1081 Like, at the end of Fat Man and Little Boy, there had to be another explosion, but what kind? And what would cause it?
@JDaugherty1081 I like to know what I'm in it for and have a vague sense of what's inevitable in the ending and what isn't.
@JDaugherty1081 I try to write the first chapter. If I like it, I keep going.
@JDaugherty1081 Ooh, that is a good one.
Would there be good ones in Colorado? That would be convenient.
Where's a perfect place to have a wilderness cabin in July? My characters need to visit one for a while.
@mylfootmyrfoot i understand and forgive you
@mylfootmyrfoot How did you miss the opportunity to host your website at 
Love this story by Evan Lavender-Smith. It is about a sticker sheet and I am very jealous: 
I mean, like, I should actually do that, right?
A collection of short stories in the form of bug-out bags.
@egabbert Sweet.
@egabbert I don't think I do.
@egabbert And that the central characters would not fascinate you at all. But that's just me projecting, it has no strong basis.
@egabbert I think the things that I wish I had done better would grate on your nerves -- that you would not fall for my bullshit.
@egabbert (In fact I do not think you would like it, though I would love to be wrong.)
@egabbert Incidentally I'd be happy to send you a copy of my book; you sent me one of yours. (But no worries; you might not wanna read it!)
@egabbert I just meant that idea is seriously interesting enough that I could spend a novel thinking about it from different angles maybe.
@egabbert Hahaha, no! That would be a kind of charmingly shitty/passive-aggressive way to say so.
@egabbert Oh man that is a good one. That's like "write a whole book where characters mention it constantly" good.
guess i'm not gonna win any awards for my book huh
@brntrydn There are some cool people who call themselves gamers for sure, but their bad behavior is usually not subtle.
@brntrydn Well! As long as you agree with me completely. :)
@brntrydn Like, I love games, but people who are shitty about being "gamers" are the worst.
@brntrydn Sure, I'm just saying, when you create something I think it's okay to overreach. When you consume something, it's less sympathetic
@brntrydn Writers and artists = people defined in terms of what they produce. Gamers = people who define themselves by their consumption.
@SteveHimmer FRAM is on my list right now. But it's a long list. :(  :)  :/  :)
@SteveHimmer Yeah -- it helped that I got interested in surveillance stuff.
@SteveHimmer Until this book I've never been able to really get them in without it feeling deeply unhelpful to the central tensions.
@SteveHimmer The novel I'm writing now finally has cell phones and Internet in it. Found a way to make them a problem, so that helped.
@tfowers You successfully designed exactly the thing I've been trying to figure out how to do. It's too good to be mad. Anyway: pledged.
fuck this is a good design
Except, like, I ran into a billion design problems I couldn't figure out, and so I gave up. This guy solved them. Beautifully. Dammmiiiitttt
So, when I decided I was going to get into board game design, I started with ideas for something like this: 
Anyway, Tracy made some excellent cauliflower with a spicy tomato sauce thing and also zucchini fritters and cashew lime coconut milk sauce.
Did you know that cauliflower is an amazing food chameleon? It takes on the properties of whatever delicious garbage you put on it.
A dumb "facts" account followed and unfollowed me so many times that I actually blocked it.
@carriemurph Man, but that's like the best thing about the late parts of that show
@carriemurph Make sure to have someone make guac at the table while you just fucking HATE everyone you're eating with.
This draft is 100 pages long, I guess this novel is a real girl now.
people who say "narrative" when they could say "story"
For my part I don't understand how anyone doesn't make books or something very similar. I would never deny the talentless or lazy that joy.
Just let her do it, man. It's her life. She's gotta waste it somehow.
If diving into the volcano isn't in itself interesting, you shouldn't do it. But who lectures a volcano diver about how she's going to fail?
When you decide to be an artist you have to make your peace with the fact that you're diving into a volcano for no obvious reason.
The reason the piece is objectionable isn't so much that it's wrong as that it's right in ways that don't matter at all and very rude.
We're a talented cohort, friends, and most of us will never, by the unspoken definition, "make it."
But the odds that talent will translate to actually ever accomplishing anything significant are vanishingly low.
To the extent that "talent" refers to "ability to do something well without having explicitly studied it for long" of course some have more.
Just because, again, we're all probably fucked.
If you don't read tons and tons of books, yes, you're probably fucked. But not because reading a lot of words is necessary.
But that's mostly because we're ALL probably fucked, the odds of being really good are vanishingly low.
mostly true but in ways that don't actually mean anything. Like, yes, if you don't start writing early, you're probably fucked.
I've picked on the author enough, but the other striking thing about the MFA article (since we're still talking about it) is how it's
@egabbert for that sweet teacher skrilla
should i write another hundred words or should i shower, he asked himself, once every hundred words
@egabbert e you are somehow forgetting that vaginas are featureless voids, come on now
That thing about the void "gazing back" completely misses the point. The whole thing about the void is it doesn't see you. #jeez #gosh
@egabbert no, it's joulloury
@silverbackedG Gonna have to work on my rhymes
One of those rare unfollows by an actual human I care about.
@CameronPierce wooo
Pretty sure my tweets about board games are 100% unpopular. Too bad they will likely only grow in frequency over the next year.
Not great, guys. Not an amazing situation.
Played my first game of Power Grid tonight. It was six people. Only two of which had played before. Only one of which remembered how at all.
@fromaged Haha, oh dear. Forgot to fix that. Will have to wait till tomorrow, sadly.
@weaveremily yeah, very well could be. But I need every birthday wish I can get.
@gnomeloaf "Because One Friend from HS Is Bananas, Everyone Pays: The Internet Story"
@gnomeloaf Interesting! I kept wondering if they had like a very specific "no birthday messages please" setting.
A couple times now I've tried to do the usual Facebook birthday thing and found that I can't comment on the friend in question's wall. Weird
I was sympathetic to this argument for maybe a year or two in college, then came to feel it was not helpful at all.
Extremely skeptical of liberal tendency to define any distasteful or unethical speech act as "violence."
@equiprimordial Also if your number is huge you probably won't have to tell me that, I will figure it out if it matters.
@equiprimordial They do! Which would make some sense if their numbers were huge, but, this one wasn't.
@jbushnell @chicagoexpatjy Yeah I doubt it.
@Judson_Hamilton Thanks!
(I'm kidding. I will miss a whole bunch.)
I am not a prescriptive person except insofar as I will immediately recognize every error in a manuscript, with 100% certainty.
You are not allowed to end sentences in the word "etc." in a novel.
man if you're going to tell me how many people follow you in your cover letter it needs to be like WAY more people than follow me
The slush is where you go to find out which strangers hate their wives, girlfriends, crushes.
@chicagoexpatjy you're next yates
If you have something cool -- I don't care what -- put it here: 
Soon though I expect we'll accept the first thing we've taken in a long time, and that'll be cool.
Hey guys, we are actively reading submissions again at Uncanny Valley, I am rejecting stuff right now, sorry for the delay.
@chicagoexpatjy @jbushnell I would totes be open to them.
@LukePlunkett @edwardjrathke I love @ShutUpShow SO MUCH but I don't think they take submissions?
@jereichwrites @TheToast Man that sounds super fun but I would be shocked if they wanted a super-earnest, lengthy write-up of a basic game.
@edwardjrathke @EntropyMag Yeah that's probably where it's going, was just curious if folks knew other stuff.
Do folks know cool places to publish a board game review? I have a site in mind that's good but I like to have options.
Wrote a lengthy review of Deus. Short version: it's really cool and fun to play.
folks tell me it's awesome that she's a terrible person, i guess that's one way to go, not really my approach to that question
man, I am not looking forward to the next several months (years?) of suppressing my deep distaste for Hillary Clinton
It's the best joke, Tracy loves it so much, also me, she loves me too.
"Beautiful AND smart? The trifecta!"
Have I told you guys about my favorite joke? It is that when I talk to Tracy, I pretend not to know what "trifecta" means.
@egabbert @hildrethabed heck yeah they do
@egabbert I only follow one person who does that but she's aces. (cc: @hildrethabed)
@t_guzman once per day, yes
@t_guzman then you're screwed
@JonMcConn I kept getting promised that would happen but only a couple people actually did it and they were not permanent staff.
@druchunas Maybe! People must have wanted to hear it, though.
@gnomeloaf It's really something else.
@housleydave you'll never make it dave, you're too late
Now I just want to be beautiful. But that's a strange feeling for me, a bearded man who makes serious faces. I'm still adjusting.
Maybe the thing that's changed for me about writing recently, the thing that's slowed me down a little, is I gave up on being great.
Uncle Tom's Cabin is a great book because of a whole bunch of coincidences that worked out in its favor. It's also dreck.
Writing "great" fiction requires that you express something people wanted to hear at the right time in the right way. It's a coincidence.
Writing beautiful fiction is hard but you can probably do it if you get the technical stuff figured out first, and maybe even if you don't.
Writing technically accomplished fiction is indeed extremely difficult and most of the writers folks love barely manage or don't.
"How did Munro even DO this?" "Well, because she's Munro." Thank you, great class, l will go home and use that right away.
Ugrad creative writing programs work to demystify basic techniques of writing good fiction, MFA professors panic and pump the myst back in.
Most of our discussions of great or "great" books in my MFA preceded from the premise that what the writer had done was all but impossible.
Admittedly roughly 1/3 of all communication in an MFA is a guy with a beard making a serious face and talking about how hard writing is.
Why does everyone feel the need to praise the MFA jerk for telling other people to work hard, that is the easiest possible advice to give.
My arm has hurt in a persistent, low-key way for like two days now. Which senators should I write about this problem?
@ryanpardieck yeah. The worst.
@WyndWhyd Yeah, "category" is a crass word for it anyway.
@WyndWhyd I'm not poor anymore but I was once and sometimes the way this category gets neglected bothers me.
@WyndWhyd Well, they specify that they want women, people of color, queer people, etc., but not poor people.
I find it strange the way most calls for diverse writing ignore class.
@salesses excuse me while i google "ello porn"
@smalllights Every decent Lear I've ever seen certainly looked like an alcoholic to me.
So, please don't have hurt feelings if I say no thank you.
Here is the thing, though: I will only work with one or two people at the most, and I will be ruthlessly picky about who.
I need to do better with Uncanny Valley, but I need an additional coeditor to do that. You can and should express interest if you want.
What are the best articles about the Mars mission where nobody screws and everyone dies?
@fromaged I bet you read it. :)
So does this mean Clinton isn't inevitable anymore? Because man oh man would I like to . . . evit her.
@Aaron__Burch prestige television
@wigu To the extent that it's relevant to what you're feeling, or that it matters, Iverly was my favorite thing you've made yet.
When I do one of my long series of frustrated tweets, I'm really just testing you to see if you truly  love me.
You
@ryanpardieck Yepppp
@edwardjrathke For sure
@edwardjrathke oh no they bought you too eddie
@edwardjrathke That's kind of what I mean though -- didn't they basically acquire the first? And then the second was good, but, yeah.
@edwardjrathke Yeah, Steam is pretty good.
Sometimes I feel like Valve got real lucky with Steam and doesn't really know how to make other things that people will actually want.
@WyndWhyd Right.
@WyndWhyd Right, I have no idea why his goals have to be theirs. As a teacher you give people tools that they can use to do what they want.
@sharonipov Yeah. I mean it's like anything, you try your best, you see what comes of it, next day you try again or you don't, it's fine.
People may be working harder than you think. Or it may be that you're running very fast to keep pace. I've been that person, for sure.
Of course "work harder." Of course. You only bother saying that if you think you're special, that other people need to live up to you.
Ultimately, the whole essay is a monument to one man's ego. Which will be true of anything whose most substantive idea is "work harder."
This guy seems pretty sure he got there. I'm not totally convinced he ever actually did. But if his students did, it was despite his help.
And different people will need different kinds of study and practice -- sometimes alone, sometimes in a class -- to get there.
It seems obvious that while some people will probably never "make it," you can't always know who those people will be.
If you don't leave school and work in a "woodshed" for as long as he did, you're probably too lazy.
If you don't come in to school with enough ability, you're not talented enough for him.
and announced to the world that if you don't do it the way he did, in the time that he did, you're probably either A) talentless or B) lazy.
That's fine too. But what this guy has done is taken his own experience, which he takes for granted led to his own amazing skillz,
Different people will also start at different times in their lives. I wrote my first garbage novel at 16 and the next a year later, etc.
Obviously different people need different amounts of practice and study to write something publishable and exciting. That's fine.
Or do his seven years in the "woodshed" suggest that it's possible, even for someone who wasn't born talented, to learn to write well?
So, by his logic, do I get to go shit on him in a public place for being obviously a far lesser talent than I am?
I think I am probably pretty talented, I started young, and by the end of grad school I had written my first book and a BASS story.
If he was born with all this god-given talent, if he started young like apparently all good writers do, why did he need those seven years?
He says he then spent seven years writing work that he never shared with anyone -- stuff that isn't any good, I guess.
So we can infer that he started young, went to grad school. We know he graduated in '99 because he says so.
That's fine, I think of myself as a moderate success too.
But where it really confuses me is that he seems to be publishing his writing, so he must think of himself as a success.
This latter point is demonstrably false: it doesn't take a well-read person to think of examples of people who started late and were great.
Then he says that you need to start young to have even a chance, that if you come to writing later you're probably shit out of luck.
He says that writers are born with talent. (I think there may be SOME truth in this, in that writing comes easier to some than others.)
Let's talk a little bit more about why so I can clear my head and get back to work:
Every time I see someone discussing the thing the teacher wrote about how dumb his MFA students were I get angry all over again.
@storyforburning but joseph, if we were to arrange such a thing via social media, it would undermine our premise
When people recommend a book to everyone they know on Goodreads, they're saying, "I don't care if you read this. I only want it read."
"This invitation is about how I don't care whether you come or not. It's my way of saying my needs and time are more important than yours."
"That information is readily available to me on this platform, and I don't care enough about you to use it."
When someone Facebook invites me to some cool literary event in NYC, what it says is "I don't care enough about you to know where you live."
I want to write an essay about how social media has mostly given us opportunities to prove how little we care or think about each other.
If you're the publisher or a PR person and you're recommending it to me, I think you're obligated to actually know/think about my tastes.
if you wrote it, you want to believe in it. You want to think that anyone could love it.
It seems like the only thing you're not allowed to recommend is your own book, but I have more sympathy for that:
if they then followed up by recommending other books to me in a way that suggested they actually cared about what I like or want in a book.
I think it would bother me less that some folks use the Goodreads recommendation system to promote books they're publishing or doing PR for
Had a great time playing Deus with Tracy tonight. The rare elegant, tightly designed game that feels friendly and plays fast at two.
@danup it's a pretty good word
Sometimes I am reading memoir and I do not know that I am reading memoir and I think "this is so stupid, this is completely unpersuasive."
When you are gonna do a show on YouTube the first thing you have to decide is what annoying voice to affect.
@danup Right.
But of course part of the deal is I will not write an article in the Stranger shitting on you just for trying.
I mean, I will be real with you, come June I will be looking for work and I would totally consider helping you for money.
@danup Yeah, reading for contests is such a miserable experience. I hate contests. Hate them.
@dougshiloh I'm glad it worked out for you, I'm very wary of those things.
One that pays the teacher but does not rely on treating students like marks.
One of my goals, after I've got more books and people have a reason to care what I think, is to find a better model for teaching fiction.
People occasionally offer me money to help them with their writing, and sometimes I take it, but I always feel conflicted.
So if you've had the privilege of teaching writing, you owe it to your students to at least not be an ass about the scam you likely ran.
The patronage aspect doesn't bother me -- I'd like some patronage -- but the way they take advantage of young students does.
MFA programs typically look like patronage for writers of a certain stripe disguised as an attempt to educate people they don't respect.
If you can't do that, then you've taken advantage of them. Which is what I think most writing teachers do -- they take advantage.
some kind of value or service, and not to be snide about the fact that most of them will never succeed by your standards.
If you make your living teaching writing, then you have an ethical burden to provide your students -- especially the untalented -- with
But that's not something to feel smug about, it's a challenge for the people that beginning writers pay to teach them.
It's true that the vast majority of writers in any given MFA program are bad or very bad. Certainly that was my experience.
People who wrote novels that were gigantic overwrought under-edited glass houses shouldn't throw rocks.
Some of it was pretty good but then there was all the rest to slog through.
Folks, that book was a chore, half-baked and under-revised, with frequently lazy, inexplicable sentence-level decisions.
I was excited to read it and it seemed like something I would really enjoy.
The thing about the guy who wrote this thing shitting on his former MFA students is I read his novel.
One thousand hopeless nerds pedantically explaining the difference between "tactics" and "strategy" to one million people who already know.
@skullmandible What do I do for "horrible pelican"
The way this ended made me mad: 
@teenpizzagenius Yessss. I hope they sell it real cheap to people who don't really want it
The new book's first draft may be about 33% done. Feels crazy. CRAAAZY
Cool, just got spam-faved by a hook-up app for swingers, I am doing Twitter real good today
@egabbert They'll think it's a great laugh until one day my Mars baby's gigantic fist lunges through the red planet's crust and grabs a moon
@egabbert Everyone on that expedition will be instinctively trying to impregnate the planet, let alone each other.
@egabbert If I were stranded on Mars till death I am pretty sure I would be horny all the time and fall in love with everything in sight
@egabbert Woah woah woah wait wait really? I need to read everything about this immediately.
@jameymcdermott Whenever I notice them I definitely feel like I'm going a little bit crazy.
Getting to the point where plugging things into wall outlets feels positively steampunk.
Sometimes social media is just a big long list of rules of what is not acceptable that everyone in the world is always updating.
Man, Leonard Nimoy was so fun.
Never mind, I decided, it's just dumb.
I can't decide if Batman Love Letter is a stupid idea in the way that makes me not want it or the way that makes me want it.
Oh cool, I see we're still making fun of that famous person for not performing his masculinity correctly, good
@carriemurph also you KNOW i want that chili pepper
@mechadaveo That doesn't seem as sexy as my "yellow" concept
@teenpizzagenius wes i thought it was sex or a great butt. i feel betrayed by this tweet
@carriemurph Not in the "he's so intimidating way" but in a "what the fuck is this social outcast doing teaching" way.
@carriemurph I'm so angry I don't have one of these. I'm pretty sure my students were always at least a little bit scared of me.
@ReeAmilcarScott what color is the follow button rion
@ReeAmilcarScott That's too bad because it sounds like if you did he would have a pretty sharp eye.
@WyndWhyd Sometimes I feel like you are a deadgod parody account.
@rgay People who think that way either hate themselves way too much or not nearly enough
My explanation for the dress thing is you guys are bad at looking at things with your eyes.
Finally grabbed the second and third act of Nixon in China. Time to effin JAM
My erotic bestseller will be called 50 Shades of Yellow.
i can't remember what color left shark is anymore
@rgay Your knowledge of culture spans all of space and time I guess.
I hope tomorrow's animal is turtles and the visual illusion is a magic eye featuring what is definitely either a unicycle or a bicycle.
(this is called disruptive marketing guys, it's all about attaching your thing to the current thing so people buy it, i'm good at twitter)
Red and blue, or gold and black? Let's all buy a copy and then decide. 
oh my god what color is this book 
@flamingpetty She doesn't tell me that's what they are but yeah probably
@flamingpetty I shout that at Tracy constantly. She really loves it when I do that.
If you immediately knew what Patrick Stewart is screaming in that gif I just RTed we can be friends.
tracy and i agree that it's blue and black for sure, we are now part of the zeitgeist
twitter what is happening, what is going on
Tracy made that vine of me and my mustache making stir fry. #bigmustache
Yeeeeaaaah #wokking #MYV Pops 
@flamingpetty In all seriousness this is my current long term plan for getting rich.
@flamingpetty I want every action blockbuster to be much more like it, very sad it flopped. Stories for ladies are the thing to do.
@flamingpetty Adam, Channing spends the entire movie literally rollerblading around in mid-air. It's amazing.
@flamingpetty Adam you don't know about the space rollerblades
@MollyMag Yeah. My big issue is that the same thing basically happens twice with the wedding and the contract. But whatev, still awesome.
@flamingpetty Also WHERE ARE THE SPACE ROLLERBLADES
@flamingpetty Yeah, most of the right elements are basically there, but not colorful enough, and the mood looks a bit grim.
@MollyMag That's part of it for me, though I do think she should have had more to do in the movie.
@MollyMag Sweet! You're pretty cool, yeah. (It seems that women in general like it much more than men. Except my wife, who liked it less.)
@flamingpetty I never saw the campaign but I bet they had no idea what to do with it.
@egabbert For sure, cool people are awful. They're all like, "Wouldn't you like to have sex with me? It probably won't be very good"
@egabbert Did we ever discuss whether or not I'm cool? Or did we just do that?
@flamingpetty Oh nice. It's been ladies that I've seen saying they love it. Though my wife liked it much less than I did.
@egabbert Hahaha, I'm sorry, now I remember. You are attractive but possibly not cool. That is my official position.
@egabbert is it my love for roguelikes or how i am working on several board/card game designs or how sports anime make me want to cry
@egabbert You're cool! Why don't you count?
@egabbert Maybe that's not WHY I'm the world's hugest turbo nerd?
I keep seeing cool people agree with me that Jupiter Ascending was super fun. Maybe I'm not the world's hugest turbo-nerd?
Just saw a chart describing how the white % of population is gonna decline in the U.S. over the next few decades. Man that is gonna be sweet
Oh nice, Akron/Family transitioned right into Satie. That feels good and correct.
@Judson_Hamilton Yeah. Well, we've got a few years left in us, hopefully we'll get close to some folks in that time.
@Judson_Hamilton I think we're all just scared that other people want too much from us.
@Judson_Hamilton I never did the drug thing, for me the hippiest I got was loving people absolutely in college, and no one wants it now.
@Judson_Hamilton My problem is that you reach a certain age and it's very hard to find friends who will fall in love with you together.
@Judson_Hamilton Lovely. God damn it I miss getting to feel like a hippie, my life has none of that in it now.
@Judson_Hamilton I've always wondered what they were like live. Seems like it would be either brilliant or a total mess.
Listening to Akron/Family. Experiencing nostalgia. I thought I was stronger than that.
People are still reading Fat Man and Little Boy. It feels so crazy and great every time I see evidence of this.
hypnotic: 
@swoosh_2007 @chicagoexpatjy I advise you not to google this concept. Unless you want to be sad for a few hours.
@Jackbarnesmra Surely you're at least aware that most people find the idea that men don't have a voice laughable, even if you don't.
.@Jackbarnesmra 'Cause it implies that men have been silenced when that is thoroughly not the case.
.@Jackbarnesmra Okay but for real how can you not die laughing every time you type the url "
@Jackbarnesmra okay but it's not very good rhetoric is all
Blitz chess is definitely cooler than standard chess. I have decided.
@rawbbie Yeah, basically it's fine to say "people who can pass for straight have privilege" but not to say "buddy you look super straight"
I recognize the privilege I have, but man oh man do I get resentful when people discuss the issue beyond that.
I very much present as a cis dude, but have never felt comfortable or happy with many parts of that identity, don't like having it foisted.
"I judge your identity to be that you present your gender according to social norms" is not something you should go around telling folks.
Reminder: While recognizing the privilege that comes with being cis is important, it is a bad thing to aggressively define others as cis.
@rgay I love my mom but I am a way safer driver than her so that stuff is not always charming.
@rgay Does she do that thing where she silently but very obviously pumps an invisible break on the passenger side?
@danup Yeeeeah. I have basically none so that is a good link.
@danup Mother 3 is one of my favorite things ever so I am happy to have an excuse to give Mother a chance.
@danup I have also never finished Earthbound, actually. (The computer with my late-game save file died. I was very frustrated.)
@danup I didn't! If you feel strongly I will give it a shot.
@danup Oh cool. I also hope that one is good!
@danup Right. I get that and agree (even as simultaneously I don't care / hope it works out).
@danup Now I did not see one indication in that trailer that the writing would be sharp, in which case they have badly misunderstood Mother.
@danup Yeah. Makes sense. I kind of like it anyway, but I'm a fan of really naked theft in art if it's done lovingly.
@danup Why is that? (I can think of a few reasons, just curious what yours is.)
guys what if Mother 4 turns out to be really good
So, why not skip giving publicity to these boring, misogynist assholes and instead talk to some feminists about those issues?
(That is to say, to not be ridiculous like the MRAs are.)
But I'm confident there are a bunch of feminists out there who would be happy to discuss those points, and not be ridiculous.
So, here is the thing: MRAs have like three legitimate points. Selective Service is fucking terrifying, for instance.
I must have missed some major news event that is supposed to be the peg for this particular story.
The Internet is suddenly one long story explaining what men's rights activists are and what they're all about. How did this happen?
@egabbert Every wine is the same as every other wine: pretty bad unless you want some wine.
@instaemma "have you read Pale Fire"
@instaemma Unless you're cooking your veggies way too long, they're just gonna be crunchy flavor water.
@instaemma My controversial opinion: bell peppers have no place in stir fry.
@rwrkb "Your syllabus is two bean bags and a half-full glass of lukewarm beer."
Gonna start an MFA program in making pretty good stir fry.
@JoeMOwens Yes, exactly -- I was seriously considering pitching them on one before that happened. :) Of course looking forward to his.
@JoeMOwens I've tried. But I think it's either a book or nothing at all for me with that one.
@JoeMOwens between the enemies and objects and so on, the richness of the world, you'll be amazed.
@JoeMOwens As you learn the systems and see how deep the interactions in the game can be, not only between you and the environment but
@JoeMOwens I've long believed that it may be the best game ever made. Not sure it's my favorite, but still: very possibly the best.
@JoeMOwens My friend, not only do I like Spelunky, I have reached and beaten Yama. (Then I pretty much quit cold turkey.)
@AbelKovitz For sure. I try to remember that when I feel I'm right about something.
@AbelKovitz @rgay Or in some cases a well-informed one! The very worst mobs are often the ones who are right.
@AbelKovitz @rgay My least favorite thing about Twitter. Well, one of two or three similar phenomena.
@JoeMOwens Gonna read Kelly Link's new collection next, I think, or at least part of it, that should be a pretty safe bet.
@JoeMOwens I don't wanna put anybody on blast, a lot of the stuff I read these days is by people I know or sort of know.
Two or three might not be accurate. It might be five. Not many, though.
@JoeMOwens Haha, man, those are the most disappointing of all, on the rare occasion they get me worked up. This last one was onea those.
I read two or three a year I really love and the rest is generally a letdown.
It's so painfully rare these days that a novel does not disappoint me.
@teenpizzagenius TBH I did not love it. Though I have liked others of hers.
@teenpizzagenius I think Tracy also read that book.
Next time you want to call a dude ridiculous, consider asking yourself whether it's because he's doing something you see as feminine.
Typically in ways that are implicitly misogynist, no less! Good job, everyone.
Last night an exciting reminder that folks I know feel weirdly comfortable policing the way straight men express/inhabit their gender.
@salesses create the art that was most beautiful to him. I think he just really, really likes that shit. Which I don't always.
@salesses Yeah. Again, I see that, but I don't totally feel it. It's always looked more to me like he gave himself permission to . . .
@salesses I appreciate that but I never feel qualified to write about film. Except cartoons. Cartoons, I get.
@salesses Maybe the thing is that for me the sadness in his movies feels very real. Though I grew up quite poor and not like his characters.
@salesses I absolutely get why people read it this way. I don't, but I haven't got the film chops to argue the point past where I have.
And yes, before you ask, it is a mixed blessing.
@salesses Which is not to excuse the very real shortcomings in his work, but is to say, of course his India is cartoonish, his everything is
@salesses No, what I'm saying is that his India is more realistic and more human by far than his version of white culture.
@salesses Yes, I would more or less concede this point, and as I said, that side of his work does trouble me.
@salesses I think if you consider his version of India in the context of his version of the world in general it's a lot less troubling.
@salesses I think that's less the movie than the characters. In general it's pretty clear that there's an underlying reality they don't get.
@salesses Yes, absolutely at times, and that's an uncomfortable thing about Anderson's work, though I'm confident he realizes as much.
@salesses Haha. I appreciate that. And I wouldn't have it with most other people either!
@salesses Darjeeling is stylized. It has much, much more naturalistic dialogue. It's mostly plausible (though, yes, cute and unlikely).
@salesses Man, I don't think that's defensible. Moonrise Kingdom is a cartoon. It features a number of essentially impossible events.
@salesses Sure but they're configured in totally different ways, have totally different tones, and genuinely different realities.
@salesses I don't understand how "brand" differs from aesthetic and obsessions or concerns, here.
@salesses Dismissing work by some men as "twee" seems at least partly equivalent to saying they perform their gender incorrectly.
@salesses As for other folks I couldn't tell you. I think it grates on his fans the way people dismiss him in the laziest way possible.
@salesses My personal explanation is that he's one of two American directors I enjoy with any consistency. (Other one's also named Anderson)
@salesses Those are vastly different films. They couldn't even happen in adjacent universes. My books have more in common.
@salesses Also, if you can make Moonrise Kingdom and Darjeeling Limited into the same movie I'm pretty sure your categories are too broad.
@salesses Those are criteria for good art, not "art or not art," I would think.
@salesses I find that statement mystifying. I think we have very different ideas about what makes something art or not art!
@storyforburning Life Aquatic is probably my fave live action movie. Moonrise, you kind of have to decide to like it, but I did.
@salesses @rgay When writers repeat themselves like that I don't think we get angry about it.
@salesses @rgay Man but "white dude with a father crisis" describes vast, vast swaths of story. That's a whole universe.
@salesses @rgay Man I do not agree with that at all. I think he pushes with every movie. But I understand how it could feel that way.
@storyforburning The Life Aquatic is the best for me by far. I liked Moonrise Kingdom a lot, and all the rest basically.
@salesses @rgay Man all I can tell you is I almost cry at the end of The Life Aquatic every time. Only movie that does that to me.
@storyforburning Royal Tenenbaums is probably my least favorite, though I'd like to give it another shot someday.
Haven't seen the latest Wes Anderson movie yet, but I'm sure I'll enjoy it. His detractors typically give themselves too easy a job.
I don't care about basically anything that doesn't have obvious weaknesses and problems.
If you don't know how to criticize a story after you read it or a movie after you see it, that's likely because it protected itself too much
Re: Wes Anderson, his films are easy to criticize in part because really good art usually embraces its own weaknesses.
This has not been copy edited at all. It might have been copy assaulted with a copy hacksaw.
@JonMcConn Yeah, that's probably very true. And slush experience is invaluable. Best way to learn how to get through it.
@JonMcConn I think it's really important for at least one or two people to be able to just pick stuff without anyone's agreement.
@JonMcConn Did you also have anti-veto powers? That is to say, could something make it in on the strength of your love alone?
@WyndWhyd @JDaugherty1081 Right. People don't reply because they never got around to reading. Which is fine.
If you enjoy my dumb twitter maybe consider heading to that link I just retweeted and doing what comes natural.
@JDaugherty1081 Yeah, I do also get people never replying. That does happen plenty.
@KeatingNation @JDaugherty1081 @CobaltPress It may not always have "coherence" but good/great work is way more important than coherence.
@KeatingNation @JDaugherty1081 @CobaltPress Yeah I would say letting your editors just make their choices is the best way to deal with it.
@JDaugherty1081 Yeah. We're going to start publishing an online thing. It will be one thing every month or two. If we're lucky.
@JDaugherty1081 As a general principal though, I do think that publishing as much as you do means vision and aesthetic are a liability.
@JDaugherty1081 So I can't say whether I think you're making it work or not. Nor do I think you should care what I think.
@JDaugherty1081 I will square with you, I haven't read a ton of SDL. (I don't read many lit mags in general. I like novels &amp; collections.)
Okay, now gonna reply to you guys. Needed to finish that first.
But I'm more concerned about people like my wife, who writes amazing stuff that people simply will not give a chance.
I do fine but I'm writing the best fiction of my life and it's not publishing as quickly as my less-good work did.
You might be wondering if I'm saying this because I think more people need to humble themselves and publish me, and, well, sure, yes.
by the magazine or press they edit. They can't afford to imagine someone who can do something that they can't do.
Students and mediocre writers struggle to do this because they feel defensive about their writing. They want to know they would be published
You need to humble yourself before the rare good or great work that you get and publish that. Which takes a lot of imagination.
But if you're a magazine in this marketplace and you have an aesthetic, you've fucked up. You can't afford an aesthetic.
If you're talking books, that almost makes sense, because of course many things really are too far away from you for you to do a book.
And you see this nonsense in submission guidelines all the time: "Please familiarize yourself with what we publish before you submit."
Magazines assembled by committee are usually full of stuff no one actually loved but which fit their lame "aesthetic."
And I always think, "Wait, some of you LOVED this? And yet you're not publishing it? You sometimes love things but don't publish them?"
They usually send me rejections along the lines of, "Some of us loved this but we couldn't persuade the rest."
I mostly don't submit to magazines edited by students at MFA programs if I can possibly help it, because they're mostly incapable of this.
On the rare, rare, RARE occasion you find something good or great, you have to humble yourself before it.
to step outside your own aesthetic and interests to publish it.
The premise of my magazine and press has always been this: a good or great piece of writing is so rare and so valuable, you have to be able
If you're involved in publishing, as I am, though I wish I were better at it, you need to work on developing your imagination.
@storyforburning Publishing is pretty boring sometimes, yeah. I'm a bit bored now myself.
Tweeted this at someone in specific but now I think I'm gonna expand it and tweet it to all of you generally:
@storyforburning Publishing genuinely good or great work takes more imagination than most publishers actually have.
@storyforburning I'm definitely way better now, but it takes me longer to find the right venue, in general.
@storyforburning Hmm. You should try new places, then. (I am obvious.) I feel like getting better can actually lock you out of venues.
@storyforburning What kinds of venues are you submitting to?
@storyforburning (It's my opinion that you should generally be amazed if you find something you actually love, because most stuff is awful.)
@storyforburning In my experience it sounds weirdly underwhelmed, like you know they must love the thing and yet they don't sound amazed.
How had I been so unwise with my money? How was anyone ever going to like me again? Why did I love this terrible webcomic?
but in fact it was just guys dressed up in sci fi outfits in the same goddamn castle. I kept flipping through the cards in disbelief.
Also I had bought two different card games designed by the same artist. The first happened in a castle. The second said it happened in space
Closest thing to a joke was one British guy (I assume the breakout character) saying "tickety-boo"
In the dream I had a T-shirt from the webcomic that was just one of the comics with WAY too much dialogue and no real punch line.
Had a dream about being embarrassingly into a not-very-good webcomic. ??
@WyndWhyd Yeah, it seems like a where to me.
@WyndWhyd Well, Iowa City, fer one.
Hello, I'm here.
@lioncaller Yeah, it seems like it mostly boils down to "is she who I want her to be". Male characters are subject to that also, but less.
@lioncaller . . . questions that I find really boring, and that are usually not actually about ethics at all.
@lioncaller That is probably true. And making ethical judgments about characters can be a rich part of reading. But people usually ask . . .
.@tracyrbowling Be honest babe, how many days did it take you to choreograph that incredible sequence of moves?
@tashaaaaaaa Yeah, of course not, it's just a lot of us. It's something the best men writers mostly grow out of.
@tashaaaaaaa Like, if we didn't wall off vast swathes of feeling and experience, we would make WAY better things.
@tashaaaaaaa It makes a lot of dude writers really mediocre when they don't have to be, too, in the same way that sexism ruins us generally.
@tashaaaaaaa Nah, it's super real.
@tashaaaaaaa I get away with writing a lot like her and I think it's mostly because I'm a guy and have a more "masculine" style.
@tashaaaaaaa Tracy can't get her best material published and I think it's mostly because of this stuff.
@tashaaaaaaa I actually think most female editors have internalized a lot of these standards/preferences.
@tashaaaaaaa There's definitely a strong element of hero worship that can lead to folks believing other approaches are Not Okay.
@tashaaaaaaa I have trouble naming them, myself, I feel them strongly but can't always really grasp the issue.
@tashaaaaaaa I would be super-interested to hear what you think the differences are, if you ever feel like sharing.
@tashaaaaaaa And further confused by the fact that most women have been trained/trained themselves to write in a way that pleases most men.
@tashaaaaaaa It's weird how invisible they still are to most people. But they can be hard to name because they're so ingrained.
@JDaugherty1081 @ReeAmilcarScott Then, after about four seconds, he'll remember and feel super awkward because he can't really complain.
@JDaugherty1081 @ReeAmilcarScott Make sure to wait just long enough that Justin will forget and have his feelings hurt real bad.
And I'm sitting there thinking, oh my god do we not read books in the same way at all. Who caaaarrrreeessssssss
Like, "She seemed to have a really immoral sex life, I found it troubling, but I guess given the oppression of women, etc."
Just for instance a lot of dude discussions of books tend to degenerate into discussing whether the women in a given book are good or bad.
@anymysha How to do a podcast?
I like dudes but I tend not to share most dude assumptions about writing/story/character at all, and they can grate on me real bad.
Would love to find a great podcast where women (or at least a woman) talk(s) about books.
@WyndWhyd Must be.
@WyndWhyd why don't i get this, i started it, why am i dumb
Hwiskey
@spielster @rgay He's not strictly white culture but the belief that anyone needs to know about anyone can only be born of entitlement.
@rgay Yeah this is why I got real mad when people were like "HOW DARE THE KIDS NOT KNOW WHO PAUL MCCARTNEY IS" or whatever.
@fromaged Oh man, nice. That's really cool, thank you.
@t_guzman indeed! A novel.
But now I'm sending the superhero book out and bracing for the longest, most painful silences in the world.
With short stories I don't generally care. (Though submitting to "big deal" magazines more often has led to some very long waits.)
Man, I sure haven't missed waiting to hear back about a book manuscript. Glad to be getting back into that game.
Keep seeing reviews of books with premises like the one I'm writing and thinking Oh God Damn It then finding out they're very different
@egabbert No prob, it is a super random question. Also no real time pressure on my end.
@joelhans That is my theory.
@joelhans Like even if you write something crazy metal and aggressive that stands alone well, drawing attention to it fucks it.
@joelhans Haha. For me, a good sentence is generally destroyed by removing it from its context, both in the pull quote and in the paragraph.
@joelhans whenever I get pull-quoted I am initially very excited and then I feel like "wait, this kind of ruins a good line"
@egabbert (So she uses it to scent letters, because I thought it would be fun if a dude opened a letter and it had a good but hateful smell)
@egabbert The idea is that she would like to wear it herself but she knows it would make her husband very upset if she did.
@egabbert Am I right to remember you would be good to consult about this? Does that pretty much describe any "manly" cologne?
@egabbert I am trying to think of a manly style of cologne a woman would enjoy but which a man would likely find disconcerting on her.
Authorial google: "sofa vs couch"
On the other hand it's lame that he seems to be saying "man i hope people don't think this is lame fantasy bullshit coz its not"
Oh man this sounds pretty cool 
Writers are generally way too impressed by anything visual. Have a little self-confidence: pictures are mostly quite dull.
Apparently it's called a stop. The springy ones are spring stops. Guess that all adds up about right.
My latest hot authorial research google: "springy thing that keeps door knobs from hitting walls"
Like, just sitting in a room alone, relating, alone.
Just followed by an account that tweets quotes that will make me "laugh, love, and relate." I like the idea of just "relating."
I think a lot of men find a lot of comfort in the idea that women are more afraid of the world and being in it than we are.
Man, you never know which Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle you're going to identify with most at the end of any given day.
Have I mentioned recently that you can purchase my book here: 
The invisible library farter does not know how to avoid everyone hearing his loud movies about machine guns and Guadalcanal.
I have been in the library about ten minutes. Someone invisible has farted. I can only hope there will be more.
@WyndWhyd should be fixed now, thanks again.
@WyndWhyd Hmm. I think they must be doing a transition of some kind. But thanks for notifying me, I've mentioned it to the web guy.
@egabbert It used to be such a cool word!
@egabbert "decimate" kind of drives me crazy, I wish I never learned what it meant :(
@tashaaaaaaa Obviously I don't know the book's situation but I wonder if skipping chapter headings or doing them differently would work.
@tashaaaaaaa They're usually pretty gross. Depends in part on how long it is. But I don't think they're usually necessary.
@mylfootmyrfoot Consequences.
@blessmekerouac Seems hard to write about because everyone does it so differently. Our way was weird as hell.
@mattcozart Cool, I'll work on beating that.
@blessmekerouac I have not!
@blessmekerouac I wrote a garbage essay about it which was going to be published but thankfully it wasn't. Need to try again.
@blessmekerouac Always good to meet another. It's the most important thing about myself I hardly ever think about.
@blessmekerouac Were you homeschooled? I'm sorry if I forgot this.
I can never decide if it's home-schooled or homeschooled.
Tonight the only song I like is "Long Flight" by Future Islands.
Having grouchy thoughts about music. Pretty sure not liking new music anymore is how I will learn to accept death.
@JDaugherty1081 @JamesTateHill My whole deal is designed to help me pretend that my followers are my friends.
@JDaugherty1081 @JamesTateHill Thus your insane follow count and presumably unbearable feed. (Winky emoticon.)
@JamesTateHill @JDaugherty1081 My policy is basically I don't follow people unless they interact with me in some way. Or are women.
@egabbert @JDaugherty1081 not all you
@egabbert @flamingpetty Adam will probably know what I mean when I say that being homeschooled teaches you to love some mediocre TV.
@egabbert @flamingpetty There was in both cases, actually, but I meant the Clueless show.
@flamingpetty @egabbert I haven't seen the movie but I did watch and enjoy a lot of the sitcom during my youth.
@flamingpetty @egabbert I remember hating it less than I expected to. But I expected to think it was the worst film ever made.
It's not what I want to do with my time. But it is what happens.
Sometimes I spend a solid five minutes debating whether PewDiePie is handsome.
@JDaugherty1081 Say "free iPad" in the mirror seven times
@JDaugherty1081 Have you been tweeting a lot about social media guru team followback free iPads discount jeans
@druchunas thanks.
@druchunas I been grouchy and annoying.
I haven't been very good at Twitter lately. Think I'm not totally sure what to use it for anymore.
@theBGrass Me also.
@tashaaaaaaa It's convenient when a title justifies all the mistakes inside the book.
@tashaaaaaaa Let's do a race to see who can first write a book called "Hot Garbage"
In this excerpt, Little Boy wails and Fat Man . . . well, he doesn't whale, but I wish he did for the rhyme.
An excerpt from Fat Man and Little Boy appears in the latest issue of @gonelawn: 
@flamingpetty as i understand it that's almost exclusively the province of team followback
@JoeMOwens Haha. He does me too! It's a weird dynamic I have with him.
@JoeMOwens Or that's how I feel? Not sure it's at all intended.
@JoeMOwens They gave up on the idea that he was likable and the joke became the fact he was a creep who tricked people into liking him.
@JoeMOwens They try to convince us that we don't sort of inherently hate his face. But he never wears it very well. And later, they admit it
@JoeMOwens Like, watching the show, there's a period in the early seasons where he's supposed to be the likeable center.
@JoeMOwens I always wonder if anyone ever liked him. I also suspect he knows that no one did and is fine with it. Which makes me like him.
And I'd better not see any of you expressing mildly different feelings about these things, or I'll prove my own point by hating you forever.
Like, I love Twitter (sometimes even Facebook), but it sure does make people feel entitled to burrow pretty deeply into their own ideas.
Hello: My name is Mike Meginnis, I probably disagree with you on everything except voting for Democrats, and maybe even that. We'll manage.
On Superbowl day I read 5,000 warnings not to shit talk about Superbowl and like one tweet mildly suggesting it wasn't awesome.
Half of social media is people preemptively warning each other not to espouse different opinions about things that don't ultimately matter.
At some point either you come to understand that there are people who actually disagree with you or you remain a child forever.
Brunch'd
@ryanpardieck I think that people find it tremendously relaxing to discover a class of human for whom empathy is not required or expected.
@ryanpardieck I think it's mainly just an agreed upon set of people you can shit on.
@biscuitspace It was kind of hard playing our first game because neither of us had played it before but there's lots of help online.
If you care then you probably knew this, but man, Netrunner is really good.
So has the author of 50 Shades ever had sex? For real.
Splinter is extremely rough on the turtles sometimes. #everyTMNT
@rgay It's *really difficult* to coordinate the creation of a new officially great author, so when people see an opportunity, they jump.
@rgay Kinda feels like folks just got real excited to glom onto a new Great White Man. His myth spontaneously generated itself.
@rgay i wish we wouldn't
@jameymcdermott My wife is gonna play it with me at least a couple times. Really hoping she gets hooked, curious which side she'll like best
Teaching myself to play Netrunner. Pretty sure this game is gonna own a small but excellent chunk of my life.
Violets are violets
A = A
Google Ron Paul
@GreenAppleSea12 Yeah I almost put that in as a hashtag but then decided to instead NOT make everyone hate me. &lt;3
My new schedule means I will be going in to the office three days per week. I will never mention this again so you'll keep loving me.
First day at the new job went great. Actually sang on the wa home. (The song was not about the job, but.)
Oh cool I was followed by Ohio's hometown retail electric provider. Given that I live in Iowa City that is gonna come in handy.
@storyforburning very.
pricing intellectual property incorrectly.
If there's one thing I've learned from people with a strong interest in making money from intellectual property, it's that the market is
@joelhans Love these googles.
why would you name your clumsy, doofy character "Steele"
"Holy crap! What the hell is he doing here?"
@NickArvin And young. Damn young. And handsome. So handsome.
This book's idea of developing a character is to list a series of adjectives.
(Guys, I will end the mystery, we are reading 50 Shades of Grey and eating pizza rolls.)
"Crap!"
"I'm glad you find me entertaining, I glower inwardly."
"His eyes narrow, speculatively."
Guess what book we're reading.
"Holy cow!"
"Double crap!"
@jbouie No time to watch it at the moment but I sure do remember that sequence as an interminable, incomprehensible action slurry.
@mumbermag @CatapultStory @GuardianBooks Yes and it's terrible.
@CatapultStory @GuardianBooks no
Excited to have gotten 80 Days free on the Amazon app store.
If you want to see the best dance, play the theme to Polar Bear Cafe when Tracy is around.
WOOOOO
@danup it feels so right Dan
And, that's that. I am now free of that job. Imagine the world's loudest, longest "WOO"
Today is my last day at this job.
I don't think it's going to be significantly more comfortable to sit with a large roomful of strangers collectively watching that porno.
The thing about a 50 Shades movie is it was already comfortable to be in a public place with a person very obviously reading porno.
@brntrydn @ClaireLombardo Maybe!
@ClaireLombardo I bet that's what it feels like to be injected by a scorpion with numbing, paralyzing poison.
@ClaireLombardo The way Scrabble people play Scrabble is a good reason not to play Scrabble.
Oh hey I like a new music album. (It is Father John Misty's I Love You, Honeybear.)
Should I listen to one episode of Serial? I've been completely certain I would hate it.
@carriemurph I just mean that if a name is good and it gets popular it should still be good, right? If it gets worse then it mighta been bad
@carriemurph Always kind of weirded out by this concern, my name was the most common in the US for like twenty years straight and it's fine.
guys i lost interest in Jon Stewart's show quite a while ago, probably around the same time he stopped liking the show.
@cari_luna Then I've successfully tricked you. ;)
@cari_luna I've always assumed that people don't like me or want me around, in large part because I was a genuinely annoying kid.
@cari_luna But of course that doesn't solve the problem of MY being afraid, really, and in fact makes me more prone to bugging people, probs
@cari_luna I've decided that my solution is that if anyone else feels a connection to me, I reciprocate it as much as I can.
@cari_luna I worry about that all the time just in life generally. (i.e., is anyone really my friend?)
@carriemurph but carrie, aren't you excited to vote for hillary clinton :(
My rule with this book is that each character is generally a woman unless there is a good reason for them not to be.
Guys I kinda love Jeff and Casey Time: 
@natalie_eilbert nothing in this world more erotic than quiet fury
@egabbert Nothing does. But my brain has always rejected the big bang as categorically insane. (Again, with no basis or knowledge.)
@egabbert I am in no way qualified to have an opinion, but this seems much more intuitive.
I should probably turn Twitter off during awards shows and other such event television. I don't want to be that guy but I might be that guy.
Firearms 
Guns 
@storyforburning I have Luftrausers and Gunpoint but I would be interested in Frozen Synapse. Will also just give it to you.
@storyforburning Absolutely! I was actually trying to figure out how to do that yesterday and I couldn't seem to make it work.
@egabbert ooh, maybe me, possibly
@danup Also drives me crazy when people pretend Selective Service isn't a big deal. It's a big deal! I *hated* the day I signed up.
@danup I don't tend to read these kinds of pieces there. I will have to make that a policy. Just super sloppy and thoughtless.
@danup That man is suffering. It doesn't mean he should get anything he wants, or special treatment, but he is.
@danup The guy is clearly terrible but the writing is so smug. I don't understand how people miss the pain in being angry all the time.
MRAs are generally pretty bad humans but they are indeed humans.
Man this Vox piece about getting to know an MRA in real life is just terrible. No attempt at empathy at all.
Always been pretty fascinated by fairy chess pieces, though/because they generally sound awful to play with. 
("Mr. Meginnis" is also acceptable in less formal situations.)
Guys, I'll be 29 in June, which is practically 30. It's time to get serious: from now on, you are to address me only as "Michael."
@MattWKimberlin Everything and more!
@MattWKimberlin @SethAbramson It is actually the opposite of my opinion. :)
Go meta or go home.
Writers on the Internet have taught me never to actually discuss something when I could instead discuss how we should be discussing it.
Can't remember now how much I did or did not object. I had to be careful with that guy because I always wanted to punch his face real bad.
She was no such thing, to the extent there is such a thing, he was just mad that she didn't think of him as brilliant, which, he wasn't.
I do remember a party in grad school where a drunken male poet dressed as a pirate declared one of the woman poetry professors "a  bitch."
There was one dude where everyone said, "He's hard, but you learn a lot!" He wasn't "hard" so much as arbitrary, and I didn't learn shit.
People were sure they were brilliant precisely because of their worst qualities: the bossiness, the overbearing style.
there were several male professors who were deeply irritating and "bossy" and not very smart, but people were sure they were brilliant.
I experienced this very vividly in college -- nobody ever disparaged the women professors in my presence, though I'm sure it happened, but
So, there's a study demonstrating what we already knew, which is that people think women professors are annoying and bossy, dudes geniuses.
LRT: What in the FUCK
Had one of those ideas so good that I am absolutely certain it's been done; gonna try to do it anyway, and better.
@carriemurph Maybe they are just enjoying the image of a baby in a tiny suit. (I am always enjoying this image.)
@CarlWilhoyte That's fair, I haven't played that one, it looks good though.
@CarlWilhoyte I think it's a valid idea if that's what they mean. Emergent story is cool.
@CarlWilhoyte I would guess it's for the emergent story? (Note: I haven't played it, but it looks fun.)
@ClaireLombardo The worst.
@ClaireLombardo You have to be kind of boring to be confident you'll be interested in any one thing for that long.
@jameymcdermott The bit with the Quran. (wince)
@jameymcdermott So I only realized recently, ironically because of Cloud Atlas, which I haven't even seen, that they were basically sweet.
@jameymcdermott And then V for Vendetta was genuinely dumb and frustrating for me as someone who loved the book probably too much.
@jameymcdermott I've sort of decided to come around on them. I liked The Matrix a lot but it also had some "cool" aspects that sucked.
It's sort of a sweet, well-meaning blockbuster, the kind of thing movies like Guardians of the Galaxy (fun, but not great) should be.
If you don't care about a movie being "good" exactly, even in the blockbuster sense, you might also dig it.
Good news, guys, I did indeed find Jupiter Ascending to be fun and cool.
@salesses Wait, no, I remembered the other guy. #smooth
@salesses I will confess you're certainly at least 80% of mine, probably 90-100%.
Thanks to folks who retweeted that review. &lt;3
@rgay As ever, thank you for the retweet. &lt;3
I am jealous of how well these little girls sing.
Thanks so much to Chad Meadows &amp;The Literary Review (@TLR_tweets) for this lovely review of Fat Man and Little Boy: 
(NY: Black Balloon Publishing, 2014)


GUYS, MARTIN 
@egabbert A lot of mine comes from being homeschooled and having bad social skills but also I DID follow Tracy to her car the night we met.
@egabbert I historically have NO IDEA if a woman is interested but am probably at least 20% creepy jerk, tbh, so.
@egabbert I've heard a number of women tell a story where the man involved is creepy because he is bald and should apparently know better.
@egabbert It's just such a relief to see a woman say this. "Creepiness" is often also an index of the speaker's racism/issues with poors.
Please oh please let Jupiter Ascending be as fun as it sounds.
i like the music in this anime so much that i looked up the ost on youtube, what have i become
Why do some people share every single Buzzfeed video? And why does Facebook's algorithm think I want to see each one?
@teenpizzagenius Wes I can't promise you anything about clam titties, that is not under my control.
My favorite move in this novel is to invent a short phrase that makes no literal sense but that the reader will immediately understand.
Note that I turn SafeSearch off so there is always a small but real chance you will encounter scallop titties.
Gonna start linking every google image search I do for research. This time "scallops underwater" 
@rgay noooo
i like how your book's goodreads list of people "currently reading" gradually becomes a list of people "almost certainly not reading"
@danup My butt received an honorable mention in Glimmer Train.
@danup fifteen copies of my butt is what they will receive.
Guys, you know what, you can keep that third copy, I wasn't gonna read it more than twice.
LOL what
"Contributors receive two copies of the issue in which their work appears. The Editor's Choice receives three copies."
@beatriceHYW wait a minute that sounds amazing, how does one get into that
@edwardjrathke I wrote a novel in high school/college about the world after women! Not much sex, lots of sadness.
@edwardjrathke Why's that?
@edwardjrathke Yeah, if I were set on it. But I'm not. no idea what I would even write. Just a weird thing I think about.
@theunfakempw The privilege of/will to pleasure will tend to bend all things to please straight white men. (Lucky for me!)
@edwardjrathke For sure, but it does mean that any discussion of my own experience would tend to exploit my wife despite my best intentions.
@theunfakempw nice
@edwardjrathke I meant more in a nonfiction sense, anyway. Like, I just kind of want to write about what it is and how it is.
@edwardjrathke You don't need much, but eliding it completely usually feels like the coward's way out.
@edwardjrathke It's really hard to avoid projecting retrograde politics. At least as a straight white man.
.@theunfakempw Yes, gay sex is actually very easy to write as a man, and often quite hot/fun, because it avoids a lot of those issues.
@egabbert True! Or rewarded in ways that are probably worse.
I dare you to write a sentence about even a fictional character's penis that does not in some way imply your own is pretty rockin'
It's all but impossible to avoid 1) things that at least sound like digesting women, whether whole or in pieces, or 2) bragging.
One reason I'm jealous of women is they can write about sex without seeming like scum. Very hard to do as a man.
@egabbert Always happy when men can be attractive in any way other than good face and good clothes.
@egabbert Of course legs are better than breasts, breasts are ridiculous. (Though also awesome: everything is awesome.)
Seeking investors for a "men's website" that is interested in gay men, men of color, trans men, feminism, women, people, good sex, life.
@carriemurph But I think that makes it seem normal even in extreme cases where it should be obvious it isn't.
@carriemurph Going into a doctor's office generally involves a terrifying loss of autonomy, though I'm sure much more so for women.
.@carriemurph I think that our culture's insane love of doctors is the cause of massive unhappiness, stupidity, and economic insanity. :/
@carriemurph Fair enough! If I have any good ideas for relevant tweets I will try to do them.
@carriemurph For sure. Happy to listen. I just don't think it's my place to say much.
@carriemurph I never have anything to contribute, of course, for many obvious reasons.
@carriemurph FWIW I read your tweets on these subjects and think about them.
if you had a several-hour meltdown based on fears that you were a fraud and a failure today lemme hear you say hoooo
@ribcagefight Seems that way.
@ribcagefight it's just confusing
Or is it the first sign of some kind of horrible degenerative disease?
Anyway: is it weird that I seem to have picked up a slight occasional stutter? Is this something that happens as you approach 30?
@DammitFreehaven I hope his unstable new power is that sometimes he flexes his hands and the new gloves explode off.
Now they're just kind of rolling around in it I guess. ... Why would you give Superman fingerless gloves? What are they doing?
It's kind of amazing how just when I started to come around to the view that DC was a better match for me than Marvel, they shat the bed.
This does not look promising: 
@flamingpetty @CatapultStory Indeed.
And when I say "my press," I of course mean the one that published my book. :)
Exciting news about my press, now an imprint of the new publishing endeavor @catapultstory: 
@HttpStatus402 weeeeird
Dear Twitter: you have been right about everything so far. What will you be right about tomorrow?
New goal in life: create a figurative description so universally understood/appreciated it ends up in Merriam-Webster, e.g., "beanpole"
i regret seeing that terrifying jpeg and hope never to learn what it depicts
I kind of want to make this my desktop wallpaper: 
@SessilyWatt I kind of thought we had circulated the memo on that one but apparently not.
@Book_Fight Probably! Probably.
@SessilyWatt yyyyyeaaah, i mean, in terms of skin tone, if that wasn't clear, but obviously, still, terrible
When was the last time you described your white characters as having skin the color of bologna?
white writers please stop comparing your black characters to dirt and the like, it is ridiculous
If you must do dialect, at least spell the words consistently from sentence to sentence.
A man who is privileged and finds a way to believe himself oppressed enjoys a kind of super-privilege the rest of us can only dream of.
imagine me mumbling angrily under my breath like Yosemite Sam
@beoliu brian i know lebron doesn't play football im not a complete jerk
so I guess nationwide did, like, a bad commercial. #immissingeverything
@dszp Yeah, it seems like it's all pretty harmless, really.
It's lame when people make fun of sports stuff just because lots of other people like it, but folks seem kinda defensive this year.
@killianczuba @TheZoneCast Once I consciously made the connection I was of course delighted.
@killianczuba @TheZoneCast My wife and I listen to the show and it was very confusing for me as a random twitter person when that happened.
Man, the Internet really gives you ample opportunities to watch a person self-immolate.
@noblegasqtrly Indeed!
@egabbert @nemoran3 nice. In general I agree but at my local place it is al pastor
@egabbert @nemoran3 what is the best taco
@egabbert @nemoran3 Haha, but my podcast doesn't exist anymore, because it was A Huge Hassle. :)
@nemoran3 @egabbert they sound like my personal hell but Elisa here has tried to persuade me at least twice, I think, to try
@noblegasqtrly During which I'll be writing a novel. :/ 

But! You never know.
@egabbert gonna take this as an excuse to never read either of 10:04 guy's books after all, bwahahaha
Man, the new @noblegasqtrly looks so nice it makes me wish I had something suitable to submit for their next. 
@JDaugherty1081 @flamingpetty @cari_luna Good call, Ms. Luna.
@shyascanlon quiet you
Welp, now I'm depressed.
@danup Dan you wonderful man you.
think we're starting to get this vaccine thing figured out, just need a few more obnoxious social media posts to finish the job
I wish that when people warned you about "strong language" they meant "look out, these sentences are really STRONG"
@storyforburning Endings are a tough trick. I couldn't describe what makes a good one.
@storyforburning Endings are like every other part of a story: they don't really matter, but they have to be good.
@druchunas oh nice
@druchunas I think that a lot of people confuse others not prioritizing THEIR art with not prioritizing art in general.
Next time you feel like you're better than anyone, remember the three worst things you ever did. Then forgive them, or you're an ass.
He must be mad like a lot of the time. Imagine how he feels around people who are maliciously, intentionally hurting others.
I am pretty sure a dude unfollowed me a few days ago for suggesting we shouldn't treat anti-vaxxers like the scum of the earth. Poor guy.
wait guys i'm confused do we like vaccines or not like vaccines, we need to get this hammered out immediately, preferably using hostility
@teenpizzagenius bread life
@SteveHimmer I kind of do this with everyone -- if I even mildly like a writer, I really enjoy knowing they have stuff I haven't read.
The phrase "bean counter" makes me a little crazy. As if no one should ever be accountable to anybody else.
@TobiasCarroll In college, folks thought the Jim Carrey character in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind was exactly me. I was sad. :(
@GreenAppleSea12 yessssssss
@GreenAppleSea12 video of HH playing it, please
@GreenAppleSea12 YES
@ReeAmilcarScott It's a dumb idea, but Ninja Turtles is a dumb idea. I think the movie is goofy, earnest fun, and it works.
@ReeAmilcarScott I feel that that one is actually pretty solid.
@ReeAmilcarScott Rion are you also watching TMNT in cartoon form?
The current Viagra commercial on Hulu is goddamn terrifying.
@danup Oh yeah, for sure. I absolutely watch streams rather than buy games. Would I buy the games if I didn't stream them? Occasionally.
@storyforburning They're probably pretty far toward the wrong end of the spectrum at this moment but it's early, they could improve.
@storyforburning Exactly: small indie developers should be super lax. I think in Nintendo's case it's likely they shouldn't be quite as lax.
@danup I think that in practice folks should be very loose WRT their games and streaming but that is not at all a principle or a certainty.
@DammitFreehaven Like, who 1) knows about Let's Plays and 2) doesn't know if they want the new Mario?
@DammitFreehaven I would actually be pretty shocked if Nintendo's sales are moved much one way or the other by streamers.
@DammitFreehaven That it's Nintendo's job to make their games attractive to Pewdiepie, etc. It isn't! They could, if they want to.
@DammitFreehaven Sure, I don't think the Nintendo program sounds very good, but many folks seem to feel there's a principle here.
