My goal is to reach a Frank Ocean level of songwriting.
Life is too short, I need to take more opportunities.
I feel the emotion of regret WAY too often.
I bet there's a few people who hate me. I've done some less than honorable things in my life.
Sometimes I feel like I'm not a good person.
If I were someone else I would probably hate me.
I cannot seem to get over this situation.
All I want is their forgiveness and to know that I'm a good person.
It's hard to live life when you don't like yourself.
I honestly don't like being drunk around sober people. It just makes me feel out of place.
I started out wanting to be like @JColeNC and @kendricklamar. Time to get back to the basics.
@BrandonWillOH lmao nothing much bruh, how's Cali treating you?
I'm not with the games.
I honestly should never get drunk.
..get serious
Shawty you're curious..
Hip-Hop culture borders on religion.
Seeing.a lot of pinks and blues
Allergies got me like <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>
Thinking about getting my hair like this.. <THOUGHT BALLOON><THOUGHT BALLOON> 
2 shots at 2:00 pm
I don't want anything in my life that will hinder me mentally, physically, or emotionally.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything. - Malcolm X
I swear I'm moving to Mars..
Instagram is on the way out soon..
There are absolutely NO clouds in the sky..
Replace marijuana with meditation.
Yahweh put the world in my hands, I'm giving it back.
All my dreams got dimmer when I stopped smoking pot. Nightmares got more vivid when I stopped smoking pot.
I don't really like eating chicken wings anymore.
Sometimes I don't even want to be an artist. I just want to be a regular person.
I wonder if anyone's thinking about me..
Can't sleep..
I don't know who I am. Or who I want to be.
This new @kehlanimusic project is <FIRE><FIRE><FIRE>
I don't even really want to be famous, I just want to be happy.
Sometimes I just want to live a normal life in a suburb with a wife and kids. Just regular shit.
Once a girl goes from snapbacks to curved rim hats, she's grown lol
Here x @ALESSIASMUSIC <FIRE><FIRE><FIRE>
Anyone else notice that they used to show out takes as the previews for movies?
If everyone were blind, who would you really be attracted to?

Happy Birthday to me #21
They use TV to mold our behavior.
Alright, I'll keep Twitter for a while.
Well, all except for @tumblr ..
I'll probably delete all my social media accounts soon.
Thinking about life and regretting a lot.
Hate is a strong emotion and should never be used.
Feeling like I need to add a leather jacket to my wardrobe ASAP
I don't want to be around anyone who's sole motivation in life is money
In order to gain everything you must first lose everything.
Reality is usually scoffed at. Illusion is usually king.
Maybe space is Heaven and the stars are actually angels.
I am love. I am light. I am cool. I am awesome. I am perfect. I am wise. I choose love.
How old were you when you realized you were going to die?
Even the pimpin' of Xzibit couldn't exhibit this sickness.
Remember that you are a natural human being of the Earth. You are not governed by anything but your own consciousness.
Drink more water. - @mickjenkins
I don't want to use people or ever be used
We oppose deception. Conduit closing
There is good out there
Much pain but still time
Beware the bearers of false gifts and their broken promises
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth - The Buddha
We're all gods because God is Spirit.
Do you ever just feel worthless?
We have to understand that we're not each other's enemy - @kanyewest
I remember being a young child thinking , "Why am I the way that I am?"
Many will look with their eyes, but not see. Listen with their ears, but not hear.
The first chance I get, I'm moving to Europe

Mental reconstruction still in progress
What really matters?
No one wants a troubled boy, show them you're a stronger boy. - @KidCudi
Idk why I'm tweeting all this, it won't make a difference.
Why can't I just be like everyone else?
Sometimes I feel like something is wrong with me. I'm WAY too different.
I have more of a connection with music than with people.
I work 35 hours a week just to be broke.
I don't have my own place.
I don't have a car.
All I do is sit in my room and watch documentaries.
I don't go to parties.
I don't like to drink.
Maybe I'm just not mature enough for the females I want.
I HATE eating meat.
Girl you're perfect, but you're too fucking young.
Sometimes I feel like the worst human on earth.
Group Think is mental paralysis.
FØCUS.
Love would have prevented all of the earth's problems.
Learn from Yesterday. Live for Today. Plan for Tomorrow.
I've always felt like the Chosen One.
How do we know The Big Bang wasn't how God started the universe?
We all have free will, choose your own path. #limitless
The purpose of life is to search for your truth.
Spirit is God.
You win or you learn.
