Keep away!
Pushing Pitch Perfect 2 in a tin can antigue furniture sort of way is making me sick.
We can make it on our own even with a po' boy sandwich tucked between your hips. #WhiteGold
Lap, lap, lap it up. Too much olive oil.
Too late!
You fucked me, you trained me now I am coming back from the dead.
I could love to learn those tits.
I am going to give your ass thirteen stripes and a twenty one gun salute.
Future site of Palestinian museum.
First Vladimir Putin then Tom Brady Robert Kraft sure gets played a lot. No waves in this @Patriots organization.
Hold on. #AmericasGotTalent
Flames rise with encouragement.
Having what you have can wait.
Break in on a performance why don't you.
Serious ditch.
Better recognize.
You are killing me!
In my mind Margot Robbie sans swoosh.
Honary country.
I just witnessed electricity.
Or a respectable offer.
Poach you get the rope.
If you think I am all that look in the mirror because I ain't doing nothing.
Thank you without effort.
On a crisp leaf.
Getting baked shooting ropes of pleasure greeting measurements and squirt distance assuming there is a back entrance.
Sodium is biology truth can be folded.
Mmm! Pineapple.
Proactive approach.
Volume requires an equalization of pressure, patience what you've been told ignored relieving is your own. #CreateYourOwnTaste
"Help that I can not give you?" @InsideBates
Laying it on thick...
Spend the cash fence far, far away.
Summoning a few.
Never deception I became to rest easily.
Read, read, read all about it. Expose!
#DrMarcFeldman
Munchausen seeking nurture by nature is non congruent with by proxy maltreatment of the previous.
Olive skin, foul-mouthed, rebel from the beginning valuable from the start you fought to live contracts kid snuffing you out was the end.
Gentry and callous.
Where they took me is that the premise?
Double jeopardy is a party will you tell me the story not being well informed.
With a thirst for blood bleed them dry Dracula even after death have them still wanting back.
#ImNotEvenDoingThat
On the mound the catcher changes the sign I immediately shake it off champagne all around tips are gratuitously frowned upon.
Led Zeppelin - Immigrant Song
A second chance at rejection.
Having always been there now you are on television!
If you are visually equipped your punishment should be darkness. #AlwaysASwan
I am sick of talent going unoticed.
She did tease.
MY and I. #DancingWithTheStars
When you do taste it well worth the wait built up tension a tantric session.
By proxy in Syria.
One goal united forces from around the world.
Taking everything literal as meant for you even if it is real.
For the rest of my life I have set in motion a disposition of frustration and angles crossing samples.
Too much can be enough.
A simulation of a ride equestrian in likeness.
An example of a doting positive influence resting it off at a gathering until he speaks the word train. ; )
Rico Suave agave salt and a lime.
Onto a yatch roses were witness.
No shoes I walk around.
Trusted information.
What my actions have caused to warn the one I love flying all night guzzling rockstar.
An imagination is wasted if you think nothing can appear.
Provide the slack god and parents.
Appreciation is a trance I am invested in.
When we make a decision to object because we are sick preperation is instinctual what did you do while I was doing work.
Persuasive and updated a new disguise jaded overrated my modesty is exclusive tantric vibrations.
The good that comes from evil is a perspective unequal.
I'll raise you and assault anyone. #Sexuality #PennyDreadful 
@SHO_Penny @TVAfterDark I'll raise you and assualt anyone. #Sexuality #PennyDreadful
The hold he has on you. #VanessaIves #PennyDreadful 
They are possessions. 
Turn yourself inside out because you longer believe he is listening asking for relentless so confusing the handled are sniffed out.
Vanessa Ives has strength, beauty, courage and a purpose. #PennyDreadful
"I want to fill her heart with poetry." - #PennyDreadful
To LaGuardia and back Heath is a snatch gardenias are not on the brink greed is where it is at protection is a misnomer of a statement.
A "criminal" but decent. #FollowTheRing
#BeSalty Eat. Spit. Be Happy!
I live under a fairway in a bunker they will think it's the Devil.
Plymouth rock.
Puritanical pirate.
In an Egyptian coma.
Three stripes and five stars we took turns.
Gammy and pins the new sapphire bitch we're not getting rick james rich.
Burn the fucking fingerprints off.
Bigger! 
There is no way to explain. 
The world a mystery. #IntrusionFree 
@AngelaKinsey Done dirt cheap tires are money meddling three years of waiting. $@int!
@AngelaKinsey Bow tie wet noodles and confidence risks.
The reason why I am here for you'll.
I feel drunk. Get it?
I to the T.
I was surprised tonight where did that come from.
Y
Go fast.
I have been consulted alive and blank.
Fuck off you bloody blokes for an insult pretty nice.
Taking dancing lessons is too assumed my example take expression and move on.
Leave a message and we will get back to you Getty Oil.
We're not here.
Calling Oklahoma a home UCLA infractions Denver Nuggets a comstock.
No love.
Slow up minutes.
Busting my nut all over Murder She Wrote.
Put part my pardon.
Goes a little something like this pussy sweat.
Not too close but always around.
Right here in the great
Drop down and mean it.
Of treasure.
Tiburon, LeBron and Xerses fuckin' with my head.
An abuse.
Toiled and immigration.
In a world of indication where you can receive your spankings vindication.
Consideration is a word for you?
Disagreement in unison bitter end.
Later. Hawk and I have to catch some waves with minimal Big Air.
Admiration is not indicative of proposal.
Before I lose I am going to crash.
My pleasure is persuading too much.
A shift in plates cataclysmic.
Waldo, Emerson and a Jordanian walk into a bar.
Moolah!
I don't go never been in my head.
Recitement of prayer in my good ear.
Reactive instinction and knowing.
He even throws away his trash like so rude.
He was so like a cyclist what does that even mean like he gets a period.
Like whatever Casey was at bat and this guy named like Lance or something came in and cleaned up cum or something with a mop.
Sexual, obviously!
That looked interestingly inexpensive and intentional. 
Breaking ankles.
Exasperated and feeling nothing.
Punctured lung tasting blood.
In the valley rolling on dubs think of something quick.
No middle ground you have a flower sprouting rear end.
My Daesh is garnished in honey. #Yeah
You're incredibly edible smash abled.
The ability to score is personal.
No light.
Speeding copious amount of coke intravenously.
Over 35 you have no chance.
My eight ball is almost is gone time to call.
A marlin.
Left over and cold microwaves are your only hope.
Wait awhile and magic.
Pat, pat, dab, dab.
Prison and time served insert.
Uggs and insults that is how it works.
Apostrophe, no?
Moronic Moraccan's.
Zig-Zags Jim Morrison sandles and candles.
My nose is so full and numb.
Wright, right.
I want snow and nachos.
UConn Spanish Inquisition.
See, see enemy.
Team!
Sacrifice catching flack.
So I can go surfing above my neck. Respect! 
Bangkok and it's faults San Andreas
Hindsight in my rear view.
Alligators and one hundred dollars.
Yellow is angry.
Feed me.
With an I for mother's bangs greeting me.
Apologies.
Girl, have you ever seen him after he got his hair did.
Disclaimer.
He crazy.
Bitch move like a bitch.
Longevity is insincere.
Lace them up we're heading east cavalier ready to steer this winning stud to market not a second to waste.
Boutique or pot it's a toss up for a family town like ours.
Pot was not meant to be a cash crop.
Knife ready Craigslist.
Those lips! You want to go first should I go first. I have a theory let's double up and make each other work harder.
Was now I play independent could be headed for the desert.
If that's a tattoo strap me down or I am going downtown.
Happiness and suffering.
Take it off we have time.
A decade and six months if it's been a day.
Shoe, socks a work of art turn on bulls-eye accuracy pinpoint.
Limited in range.
Holy moly this bugle boy is singing.
The Swedish rack.
Kind of weird.
Like "Opposite George" I am truthful to the point and quick to respond ring my bell I am holding on.
We like to party.
I'll meet you at the ba up the street.
"On guerillas by night instead of armies by day."
Ironic.
We are...
Familiar is relative.
Going to the store to pick up a lizard and douche.
Men protect women not out of grandeur parading your strength but love and care I must have feminine biology.
What are you gonna do with rabbits.
Scare people that need it not to further your elective potential.
Golden domes built with blood.
Snakes.
I would set it ablaze. 
Like a sore thumb.
Not so much.
Over heads not in heels.
You follow with unattended misunderstood ballons.
A misuse of trust that disgust you.
An invasion brought on not out of the blue.
Emotionally secure.
Flowers not bugs belated birthday hug.
Outside the looking glass nurtures and last.
I love jewels and hate people I know I am better than.
Holding out my own protector.
The Origamist.
Something said. 
Thug? What say you.
Oh indeed I'll have you screaming to a tearful weep.
One, two fingers or three.
Spheres are round wolves howl at the moon squares are not what I am looking for but much more tactile touch.
N, A, B, C, D, E?
Treadmills and tuition fees.
You and me.
After all it was an inside job Marilyn Monroe rest her soul.
Burn bridges before they burn you.
To Hanoi and back on a anti aircraft.
Luke.
Face first.
Worthy of candy devoured.
Backwards Kala.
Planes crash.
Keep your hands on the table.
They are listening.
My brain covers it's own ass.
Green and red.
Of the 223,000 jobs added in April I am guessing mostly all went to the bright and knowledgeable.
I do have two hands.
One goal at a time.
Level the levitating in mid trance.
Freelance.
For everything good there is a corner for which around I always find you.
It grew my manhood.
The List was good.
Cement.
The difference.
Into their hands you played.
A.C. turn off.
Ice can be your friend.
Dippin' Dots as a kid.
Forty minutes well spent.
Hack a 36.
Of drinking beer.
Thirty three years.
Argentina all over again. #Britain
Westlake.
Picket the picket fence.
I work for the E.P.A.?
Eat, pray and lie again.
Soon.
More than a nibble enough to bite.
Women don't need to dress up their eyes.
Pisses me off.
Dating a voice.
Someone that can see.
Talentless talon.
Vultures scavenge.
Just like a Griffin.
Go for your purse.
So little time so much effort I will remember.
Right through me works.
No complaints.
Keep doing what you do.
I might slack off proving my agenda.
I don't want to fully know the truth.
Yes way!
Swaying swain.
Yes.
Over an hour away a smoldering fox.
No.
Damn.
Never felt it from a loved one a boss to some.
Bamboo shoots.
Fred.
Fabulous and flamboyant.
Guys like to color too.
Typical behavior.
As for me I question for you.
But will it fit.
Your kid is already fucked up. She thinks she's famous!
Text or texted?
Beauty is like winning a raffle.
Unattractive.
Where did men come from.
Your Sunday best.
Maybe a mess made of a dress.
Tone deaf.
Knowing what gets me hot.
Find me.
Twisted sibling. Grrr!
Hitting the bong hard the sound of bubbles and that cough then moan so good.
Only to drink.
Say it again.
In a field of LSD.
Our secret.
Realizations you are a gem.
That is one fat cat.
This one will have to work her way back.
Try, try try. It' so sad.
Lay it on thick.
I don't mind.
Now you're just fucking with me.
One hot bitch in lavender heat.
Lt. Defensive Contact.
Ample I recall.
But where will be my soul.
I know.
An Osmond gasp.
If it weren't for cell phones.
Forever 21.
Lines and linens will be crossed.
Thank you Johnny B. Good.
"Ever, ever."
A staple Mabus is.
The third coming of tragedy to become his kingdom.
Don't Speak - No Doubt
Yeah you do deserve it.
My misguided misinformed jumps to conclusion self radicalization.
I don't go crawling in underground holes I want you out in the open within arms length distance.
Fight where we can see you.
Though we did pull a Tom Brady kind of move. #AgentOrange #Vietnam
Last time we fought fair we got our ass handed to us.
Always hard working #America except when it comes to #war.
400,000 or a million more let's just annilate the rising sun.
My priest and ashamed.
When it burns it burns. #HappyVEDay
Mostly I doubt.
A Fruedian mentalist.
You're in the hands of a mind reader now.
Don't even tell me I am wrong.
Trying to hold back is an obvious admission. #BeYourself
You know who you are keep on it works.
That open mouth lips partially separate pout. Two of the best!
My collection of bandidos and bandidas.
More for the grill an igniter of proportions unseen or matched.
Yes you are.
Govern, creation, sympathy, intent, debate, right, gender, parties and embryo in the same sentence. I HAVE lived. 
Countries around the world execute people every day for crimes and in war an allowance and free pass to murder.  #MaryKatnerineHam
When you know Muslims take blasphemy of Muhammad seriously call it anything you want. #FreeSpeech
All aboard! My arch.
Adopt or "man up" for as many as you would like to have. #Undecided
Figure out a way to survive or live on.
Once our race is gone it's gone. #Interstellar
Women are not "ovens" to rent and share or to carry your own grandchild. #Surrogacy
If you don't want children in the time natural biology allows too bad you lose. #IVF #FrozenEggs #FrozenEmbryos
Sofia Vergara froze her eggs and Nick Loeb's sperm fertilized to postpone motherhood for a career.
Men can father children far more later in life than women.
Who would want a child with Sofia Vergara anyway.
You already are and the mother is HER not an amoeba I thought you broke up. 
Sesame seeds for flavor.
Hairy in fact.
Woven by nature.
Encased in a hanging basket.
I just stuffed myself with breakfast too full just for you.
All in the flick of the tongue my man.
Name that Japanese sheathed sword.
Drop it down docking will commence in 3, 2, 1...
Jumpstarted.
Hood up flow has reached it's destination.
Slap it against my face like a baseball bat.
Captivity doesn't give you time to think for yourself or be original.
Then I am assured.
Directons.
Like a blind deaf man.
I don't believe most of what I hear and see make it clear.
No nerves teach me what you know and I'll drill it home.
Firm and perky is the new near fifty.
Tough, rough, age, the end.
The truth must be unlike roughage. #TomBradyDigestion
Put her in my dream the one I am to meet a signal I understand.
You should wish her a fifth. 
Not even a question. 
One of the BEST! 
I want to be a gigolo.
A photograph of placement everything in all the right places.
I feel it more than can be describe.
Gladly bringing it.
The whole thing felt amazing but for an instant perfect posing ready for assistance.
Tina Fey just did something on David Letterman I never want to forget.
Last dress ever. Never!
Assume that position is forever.
The other indulgence.
Red, leather, dress. Let's make it a crop, whip, paddle thank you gift.
A lack of conviction ignores the notion in some that a jury of our peers can assualt a sentence on us.
An honor you should take it.
Of choices provided I have selected you.
I don't want to lie it is a part but not sure how much for sure it is not the whole piece.
As I hope you can read into it's not all about it.
Tina Fey in a promotional.
Others work to weaken and replace.
To compete without having the same takes patience.
The calm is pleasant for reasons.
Temporal ambiguity in approximate proximity.
@people Original.
#Elementary my energy is angry.
She knows you are scary afraid is the new favorite.
"The children will never know."
Like offspring don't hear sex in the household. #DrDrewOnCall
Love is as rotten as rahti is as lovely.
Go home and put some ice on it.
I mirth at others stupidity for even "thinking".
Equals.
Feeling confindent my intention if so was represented.
I question my previous statement Indra was behind it.
Yama have you sent me I was to wait my excitement took hold of me.
My Anubhava has been red latelty an aura of horror it creates.
Concepts I get if I read about it specific words are more hard to put away for further amazement.
Rasa beauty defined.
Delve.
Dusting off both my shoulders adorned with dust Ziggy shouldn't have gotten so close when he gave me that high five.
I think I know accentuations.
I am willing to take action later to accept for my mistakes.
Reaching for a place of darkness only feeling sadness a promise of color your happiness.
Punishment for #TomBrady should be a half nut. #EightGames #DeflateGate
So enamored I am not bombs leftover drop, drop, drop. #TomBradyPressConference
#TomBrady is in #Salem where witches were burned. Would Tom Brady been considered a #witch for his gaudy numbers thrown up or just a fraud.
For Carlos Santana his .OBP is up walks are coming and runs scored are on pace. Power will be provided at the appropriate time.
No comment.
You're ugly. How could you have guessed.
More than we know. Shame on you. #Publicity #HolleranFamily
I hope it felt freeing as I wish it continues to be.
#MadisonHolleran 
I wish I could have been there. The two are one in the same. #MadisonHolleran #espn
I fondly remember experiencing the Kathleen Turner courtroom scene in Serial Mom. #ADirtyShame
My older sister holds much power and influence it's hard to compare with her gone I get away with a lot but when she is home watch out.
Wit, wisdom, trading barbs for fun the temperature raises for later the culmination.
If you're a fan and individual you need to find a man that enjoys the exploration of an art, skill and culture. #BoysLoveTorture
One.
@SHO_Penny Never! Werewolves are cool.
#TomBrady's ego to deflate the amount of balls and to what extent a blantant obvious attempt a challenge to call out his status.
@marthamaccallum Tom Brady didn't deflate the football to his preference he did to his advantage. Open your eyes. You won't. You didnt.
Table for two plus me glutton for punishment.
I've been keeping an edge with my discretions truthful and open too much or not what you consider appropriate.
I was just cleaning house at this late hour. #WomensWork #HardWork #Seriously
Brow to brow clucking the way I enjoy it.
Scratch that devil deer riding. #TMI
Going to mow. Slammin' it nude. #DVR
If you live in #Missouri buy your mother #milkweed for #MothersDay. #MonarchButterflies
You didn't forget you don't care enough to remember.
A.M. Crunchwrap.
"Let me tell you something you cracker ass son of a bitch." #CharlieTestsHisWillPower @AngerMgmtFX
More doors all is cool.
Party and play.
Karla!
Importance is relevant to important things that are actually important.
I'm sorry to tell you Lily but YOU'RE not the one. #SayCheese @OfficialHIMYM
I'll be on the otherside giving you encouragements.
You hit a wall just forget about it and banana it down.
All grades are on performance.
Tap the source and we'll find out.
Did or didn't he that is the question.
They don't want to lose their big tittied cow.
Then no one could buy or control like they do now.
Take Colorado it's been raining there and they have cars that can run on water. Big oil is the problem. They don't want that man.
Like oil and water don't mix illegally man. It is a legal property of science.
Blue is the clue.
Left, right, right.
Big enough to fail but big enough to taste.
Trying to imagine you sitting at your computer head thrown back in laughter
True story.
Know what I mean.
Going diving.
Turning the tables on a therapist.
Feminist, pressure or pride.
Resources and time.
Where I once lived.
Meant for all but one at a time.
Fate, destined, serendipitous.
Nose deep in the ground I think I found something.
Into nature for searching truffles natural coverage is more fun it hides places I want to uncover.
Hopeful things go well being optimistic and insulted making up not sure I would.
Number jumble.
Truly Hysterical Frustrated Rough Riders. #SignUp
I didn't get to watch the season finale of #Backstrom but I dvr'd it. Last night I thought save it to watch before the season two premiere.
Turn around for me to see look back if you need but concentrate.
Headboards and handcuffs work your rock back and forth.
Ceilings I like to look at.
I'd much rather being taken.
Boy, when my eyes catch glimpse of a meal.
Something special and sex appeal.
Or a body maybe just anything that walks.
I prefer brunettes with character.
@NoelGallagher is on Jimmy Fallon tonight. Me and my brother get along kind of the same.
Getting finished by the reason you started. #40DaysAnd40Nights
I am dark I need to accept that.
Stop insulting. No need to understand you never will. Leave all their affiliated countries of your temptations and bases. #AmericasNewsroom
Can't you at least pick it up somewhere else.
I'm might not be all in my reasons here to see.
A display just went by an escorted parade.
Out of failure to act sooner and the burden of guilt a country was established to be protected.
We don't kill we only conspire the way to best sleep at night.
Don't get too invested your life will never be the same.
When you last fought mostly fair you were handed a defeat in a hot and humid place.
Mined your buisness and the straight is off limits. #DiariesOfASchoolYardSanctorSanctee
"Qualities of a Happy/Sad man" #WorkingTitle
By an oasis I drink from a well poisoned with guilt for being my self.
I don't even know anymore when the tears are real. Am I acting? Sorries too many before.
Laugh and I will laugh with you. #CatholicLeague
As baseball.
Generic. 
Adopt to distance.
Possession is a statement.
Gaining his trust. #NCiS
Parents lose own fault should have taught him how to be proud.
Kids are ignorant and lonely the best.
Helluva show bravo.
Misguided youth for the cause I grew.
Snakes and rain.
"It's my aeroplane."
Sexist my view female comedies need to say away from man humor.
Panting for thirst.
We're so stupid we invade ourself. I'm an #American.
Make it quick.
Wait.
Lol!
I am Irish.
Of course.
Volunteer for free boiler rooms are cooking the books.
Jack Daniel's is potent.
Maybe it was the Hickory.
To the Oak.
#Fiorina is Italian, right.
Spit, swallow, repeat and rinse.
The strongest break the egg.
My bad man.
The tripod my dog was not.
Ruin it best and great with the finest precise disgusting clattering chatter of jealousy.
Taunted and tortured by Lilith Fair and charcoal.
Big S little s.
Who gets warned of charges but the connected. #Baltimore #FreddieGrey
"We have top shelf tacos!" You should you're #Chilis.
I've seen and she is going no place but up blunderbust wonderful.
Changing of the guards.
What to think?
The fine line of entertainment and adrenaline climbing out your second story bedroom window onto the roof above the garage.
Cliff notes on Netflix.
Haven't yet.
Sunsets are wilder when you ride in backwards.
If you don't further you go outside elope or location of choice.
Why do #religions require conversion before marriage but not countries.
If Elaine Benes in "The Masseuse" could have seen into the future. #Seinfeld #JoelRifkin
A maiden voyage of the enchanting sea like a siren song mislead a claim I need such a beauty aesthetically pleasing.
@KateUpton @AADaddario Were any photographers present during filming? Sorry, I had to go there.
Brought upon yourself the wrath is my gift.
This shit is getting stupid. How can you use force for refusal to comply when not under arrest. Are you still with me? #Everywhere #Law
Girls putting on Colorado Avalanche sweaters never saw but knew.
My phone is working you know the rest.
Hanging around. 
"It's time the fat cats had a heart attack." - Muse
"And I'll protect it with fire." - Rage Against the Machine
I saw a chipmunk go in there. 
Just woke up no wonder I was digging wax out of my right ear as deep as I could go.
My rest is an eruption.
I live alone rent controlled ghost pass me on the way to the restroom.
Better than me.
A job if I moved out.
I hope my words relate and mean something. A duty one day for me.
Just sex I hope I can separate and world domination.
Being active is protection from futher recreation.
Nobody has arrived but French is late.
Shut me the fuck up!
Looking too hard to find meaning more than it meant.
Not exactly what it looks like people I get to know some part of. #Medium
Arrange and contact.
I knew.
Jhonny Peralta is who I root for. @Cardinals
Not going well.
Treble set step it up I like to go wild turn the bass up up turn around let me give a look at that.
You buy me with silver.
A night some fun.
Where I stand has been hard to exact.
Drive to an Aldi's parking lot in your Buick and take a nap High School was whack.
Knowledge and a establishment rebel equivalent.
Benefactors are odd that they don't want to be named for reasons they are hiding getting ahead is a lesson.
A philistine.
Notice: A substantial donation has been made in your name. ?'s are not be asked. Just relax and enjoy.
That is not possible you are in no way equipped to deal with.
Send me a companion.
I'm a nut.
Wrong is right right is wrong I am signing this song to remind those.
Ending are always given a sequel. Movies, books, television shows. They are yours to imagine haha differences in material go off and wonder.
Evidence for love is sometimes hate we can't express previous damage.
Adequate above average length and girth.
You may not agree building what fell.
@VeraFarmiga @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates @KE8 @CarltonCuse Harvard. Harvard. Harvard!!!!!!
@VeraFarmiga @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates @KE8 @CarltonCuse I am pleased.
Sponge bath, yeah thanks.
@VeraFarmiga @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates @KE8 I'm jealous getting me so hot!
So Norman sticks up for his mother in ways she can't he inherited from her grip. @InsideBates
You stole my words. @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates
Understanding the rebel, wolf and revolt.
@Spashley4L @InsideBates But!
@VeraFarmiga @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates @KE8 You are from the former Soviet block.
Mothers need attention from their husbands not to lash out at their children, to keep them from holding on too long. @InsideBates
She had Norman. #Bradley @InsideBates
@VeraFarmiga @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates But a fool knowning will try until it gets him killed.
If Bradley thinks Norman is so innocent to use as a pawn he should not be so much. #GirlsLikeThat @InsideBates
@KE8 @InsideBates Her trust lost is never to be gained.
@KE8 @InsideBates TMI.
@KE8 @Emily_W03 @InsideBates So it isn't ideal.
@Bethenny @MoxyandMain Grab a New York City hot dog.
Tell him to lay off. @Cardinals John Burroughs isn't that special Jon Hamm went there. #PurpleHaze
Break the previous hold on your soul. @InsideBates
Alone is lonely.
There is nothing wrong with Norman Bates being all there. Maybe somethin' his mother. @InsideBates
Strap me down inject something.
To health and seduction.
Is homemade porn a bad wedding night gift if stored only in our memory.
Watching #StLvsCubs on ESPN.
Therapist rock! They know better.
@VeraFarmiga Leo was your dude in the Departed.
@VeraFarmiga @CarbonellNestor @InsideBates @KE8 @JJRiot88 Offense or boxed in.
@SooperMexican What does this even suppose to mean. That you're an idiot. Lost in translation, bro.
@VeraFarmiga @InsideBates @KE8 @CarbonellNestor @maxthieriot @TheKennyJohnson @KevinRahm @CarltonCuse Pools?
Mambo in the jungle with a size six I couldn't hold it if you let me this missile is ready for flight non forgiving ejection is imminent.
The Bikini Atoll's landscape is I imagine mutant and suffocating from radiation.
I'm dumbfounded I'll blame confused synapses.
"That I thought WAS right at the time." #StrayerUniversitySuccessSummit
For those attending the #MetBall have a look at "Autumn Rythmn".
Chanel #5 in electrified succesion.
Reading up too much.
Of a nation someday.
Why not protect with the utmost.
I was skecthing.
I forgot.
Was that a line.
Kirstens heart.
Objectives. How is it?
Adhere pick the best.
You took it from me I still hold a piece the most prized fought to keep.
Inspiration always comes in bargain form.
Having a friend to sit down with I would go to extents worth every inch priceless.
Look again glad you exist.
Lit now we're doing it.
Single malt Scottish dish.
I close my eyes.
A sample some grass with a tan.
Elephants can't fly.
Heels are our weakness.
"They gave you life in return you gave them hell."
Dirtied my cage when spit on the floor.
When you are speaking to a wall
Good riddance.
Guys do have a cock.
Witnessing an adjustment is no reason for a call over. #NYC
People like Bud Sexton chasing.
9.999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999994
Is this shit for real or a joke?
Cherry danish in Sweden.
Self management powder quick.
Grey jeans, red bag, coffee run. Go!
Maybe a taste.
Tit for tie I'd be good with.
Spanish Arachnid.
Keep going and don't think.
I said it.
Not afraid.
We'll talk about that when we get home.
From from if you need to.
Together we shop and sometimes surprise.
Athletics, exercise and a room for built for it.
Bagpipes and long last spankings.
Red eye flight.
Musical genius.
After I realized it sounded like
I have no momentum to obtain a lawyer today.
Next day burial.
PDA on que.
Outrageous behavior works none the better.
I need to decompress.
Blackshirts it's on!
"Life is a cabaret."
S.S. MoneyShot.
@msparker32 You don't need it all the time. Short and to the point.
More than a title nice to hear top of the chain why else am I here.
Moving along.
Same with action movies.
Because you're not. #Outnumbered.
I would like to hear more from Bernie Sanders.
Three strikes already.
Hitting the Wild Turkey real hard this morning.
I'm good all liver baby.
Back on you had your chance.
Black is a color @SandraSmithFox.
Beyond I went.
Angles and fairness.
Just keep the gag on.
"Wake me up before I go."
The Lingerie Tester 
Knee pain. Thanks for that.
If I break mute.
Who is the cameraman on #Outnumbered?
Turn the dagger on the moderator.
You already lost.
Book endings.
She is trying to hard.
She knows.
Breaking hearts.
They NEED to know where it came from.
Victories are mine alone don't ask for more.
He doesn't play of course not almighty credit and nothing else.
Tricky little Devil you know.
Mirrored. My fault.
Who could it be?
I always thought right over left but left over right expose$ more just the way I like it. #Outnumbered
Diving too deep.
BP oil spill.
The seal is going to be hungry.
Be vague use words you both know like "Let's play".
Somtimes your pride gets in the way.
Notes of a possible script coincidence.
Being there already.
Maybe you can ask what it is like.
Across desserts I already have a ready easy to assume gateway and progress.
You're too pretty to fall.
Blame me.
Joyride we'll find a way.
Push the limits show me what you can do.
Like when I am drunk.
This joker is man enough to give up control.
I've been told too much early is a bad thing I can't lie and ruin a good thing.
When you know why it is harder to do time.
Searching.
Never one or together.
Pure animal
Separate and different.
When brought on I feel the need to be otherwise suffed.
Call me Normal Norman.
The stage of nuturing might have passed but sexually I am almost obsessed.
Before that I always liked older women.
Since 7th grade I have wanted to call someone else Mommy.
I see strength.
@Franklin_Graham Like I need you something I can get on my own. Leave me alone phony.
Mindset figurehead in place representative.
This year's numbers.
Maybe the anger and rage I feel is to place those where they need to be early for the rest of us still living.
To catch a glimpse I would go through hellish witness. #IWasDuped
Human Rights Watch should be getting close to naming the United States of America if they had any balls. #ClusterFuck
Sibling rivalries and Stepford Wives equally unnerving, unsettling and a waste of time.
I would love to deplorably enjoy your services an employee of your dominate expertise.
Alice in Wonderland was already taken.
#SecretsAndLies
Only one lecture at Oxford Percy Bysshe Shelley attended sounds like myself if only I possess such placement of eloquence.
"No more let life divide what death can join together." - Percy Bysshe Shelley (Adonais)
@SHO_Penny I can't wait to see how Frankenstein's monster is with his new love interest.
@SHO_Penny I received The Tower, Temperance (Reversed), Wheel of Fortune and The Moon (Reversed) in that order.
Rancid Rancic acid rain.
I'm a Duke not a commoner.
Funny, sarcastic, devious stare roll your eyes.
Black Widow was so unamusing she lost interest in pursing her innate objective and regretfully to save us took her own life. #SNL
Transfer of everything I would and want to do with a body and mind of such purple mountain majesty stage left kneel and kiss sleep mystery.
The #GayTrain word problem. #SNL
Go around come around smack that ass and wait for the sound to return.
Sober living is happy with what the world has to offer.
@KristinDavis Charlottle was my favorite would you have guessed.
@KristinDavis My trunk is excited for this.
Protestants scratch an itch.
Invaluable cargo.
Ready to explode pumping for more I want it to mean something.
@GenevieveAngel I get excited.
Dictation of free will cost you. #MayweatherPacquiao
@GenevieveAngel Twitter you are a favorite beyond that any magic?
I handle two fronts the last time this was done not so good.
@GenevieveAngel @KarmaRescue What can I say empirical admiration.
With the pleasing mentality of a water carrier I don't want to be a supplier of nectar but supplied with Juno can watch or join in relations
4, 6, 8, 16th. #KentuckyDerbyEqual
4, 6, 8 16th. #KentuckyDerby #Equal
Ride as placement.
The Scythians.
Run Christopher.
War Story in the #KentuckyDerby.
@realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet In my time with your presence I will burn everything you hold dear.
Spanish, Irish reactive adamant.
I will take what is left first focus his development.
Save some for my 3 o'clock feeding.
Work that vocabulary with confidence.
Where is Farnum we you need a taunt.
A dream in my eyes. But a job?
Custer style cleaning of the eardrum with bone.
And a percussive blast to match their lack of reasoning should have been born deaf.
Some need a cumshot to the eye might as well be blind.
Questioning the destruction of property in #Baltimore not like they did when the U.S. invaded Iraq. Like there is a difference.
Making girls feel good about themself and creeped out since 1981.
@PoppyHarlowCNN I always knew there was an ulterior posterior motive to me being drawn in.
From a constellation I postulate the right to extend my reach and give as I see fit.
Duchess of Oregon.
A one of kind Queen of Hearts.
Like a priceless work of art.
Taking her sweet time getting here is going to have me wanting her more.
The memory of how well together your lives fit.
Dessert is way off build up no stopping until you squirt.
Give your labia minora a tug, suck and nibble main course has been served.
You want me to take you out or stay in dine on take out then get to the good stuff panties off let me circle your vulva tight lipped.
Many muses.
Ideas in my mind actions to act on working double time on getting you to shiver in pleasure all while into the night.
Having fun and trolling for the big catch.
Making no honey but my sting is come back worthy happy to be sleeping with the Queen.
Then again after victory for a celebration.
Huck this fin then the world can be upended.
Oh you bringing the ooh ah.
Knowing you are both still desireable.
Cruel environment.
Hey Ya! - Outkast
Coups of chicken wire.
#Baltimore fights with Martial Law and you mostly fight back with compliance. That's how change around the world always has been done.
My point exactly. Peaceful protest are a joke you might as well never left home.
The Sting are on!
@SunnyHostin @Bae_Watch_Ki Before curfew. Like a child. lol!
A sound proof coffin in a basment I should look into.
I should pill up and go back to sleep fuck to hell the voice outside that woke me.
Alternate or an alternative way edit.
An open palm hand can make things jiggle.
Enki, Enlil and I share a meal.
Agaliarept
Lucifuge Rofocale
Avites invited.
Behemoth am I on the list?
Belial and Mestema.
Bring Erishkegal.
Make a claim.
May I wake up Thoth with Seshat?
To speak with words is a pacifists observance.
Hypothetical request to boost my self esteem an aggressors level.
They need to be stopped I am losing my mind. Already gone a debate.
Testarossa, access, firearms and the like, chemical, biological and destruction. Means to martyr self inflicted.
@seanhannity So you know there is more.
@seanhannity Die now.
Bile of vomit and a sneeze. #NiccoloMachiavelli
Two combined specimens of perfection.
My work is left when I meet the angel that will be with me until forever.
Sessions are precious.
Anomalies.
My lady pardon myself for partaking in such unsavory madness.
Stealth as an arrow now show me your knickers.
The comparison in sense nothing will elevate me higher than my own vision assisted.
Not very romantic but accurate.
Proud you should be Ms. Philippa "Blue Ribbon" Middleton your work displayed a coat of arms and other appendages.
Crunchy peanut butter in the middle of a power outage.
Is he going out to face the Avengers.
Robbers flirt.
Coming and going through the Strait of Hormuz isn't right passing a santioned country taunting with your backwoods money. #Abiding
Your favorite flavor Ring Pop!
Sign and deliver I need to know where it's coming from another kingdom crush recent.
My emotions have a supplier.
@BarackObama You were suppose to be the other choice in '08. You have disappointed me rendered my vote our vote nothing but same old.
Everyone is to be where everything is to fit in.
Waterboard my offer to repent.
Similar minds that went left and right.
You like it rough or wish to become a "victim".
You don't what a cookie you want a workout deserving of your kind of sort.
You get a cookie, you get a cookie, everyone who does a good job gets a cookie. #PositiveReinforcement
Men and Women Want Lovin’ at Opposite Times of the Day 
Black is a color #FreddieGray was human possibly African American. #Media
Should have got Stormtrooper blanc.
Gimme a glock six shots bring your own shovel.
Private use ropes and handcuffs.
How do you go to a sex club when you have a present to unwrap at home.
Deathsquad death march in #Baltimore. I am that hardcore.
Horror movies get me off.
Erin Burnett: Calling Sorority Sisters 'Gang Members' Was an Accident 
Counter sororities cause you do what I told ya.
Erin Burnett Is Confused About the Nature of Criminals 
Born with a purpose.
It takes me back to a pre state.
Out of a hole dug a rationalizing rescue.
Sub for you rehydrate with a yoo-hoo woo-hoo the shoes with the kangaroo.
Could I with a former and kin I would like to think and believe yes.
I was on a bus with a tree trimming/ bus driver who made stops before we got to where we were going.
S &amp; M - Rihanna
Ready the pain.
Sometimes the sun doesn't rise in the east you learn something everyday.
I try to follow what my time spent sleeping might me be telling me.
My gall.
As a man I fucked up the more you place on a crush.
Indoctrination is searching for a hostage.
Rise Against is reserved to Rage Against the Machine on hiatus.
Stuff it gruesomely gridiron pirate.
Foiling a plot to pursue given my intention is moot.
Should be my mercy before or after I have committed. #Sufi
A child's growth is as promising as you are willing to go nuturing a catalyst of the product.
If slack is backing up I can provide assurance.
Walk around resurgence an introduction.
Up top show off balancing act.
How Do You Want It - 2Pac
Natural or artifical tan lines?
Watching Seinfield I did not know Mariska Hargitay had long hair and did sultry comedy.
2015 marks 100 years passed since the Armenian genocide. But where's the tonic?! #KimKardashian
The sex life of a male seahorse, like yeah!
Moralizing as we often do angrily throwing back doubt and confusion.
#SoFunnyJustGreatAwesome Mike Tyson calls Floyd Mayweather a 'very small, scared man' 
My idea to get women so occupied with having a career feeling inferior they wouldn't have time to breastfeed.
Even the White House we have friends an asshole he has met stay away from him a wanna be your made for this he just pretends.
My channel now Fox News the Devil says his court jester a place filled with beautiful ladies blonde brainwashed or stuipd but great whores.
How does it feel gaining one less to battle for.
No more amateurs I HAVE TO FAKE are good and prudes with limits.
Sluts and whores I have always admired they get the job done.
We sleep better.
I work for the man below now nothing but commiting sins all seven are my new agenda.
Why think? I'm done.
Intelligence out the door comedy is my new persona.
Fuck love, sex and lust are now what I search for.
Let me be the sticky explosion between your legs.
Alisyn Camerota is the thermal radiation of a nuclear blast!
Watching The Devil's Advocate.
Half yours ours to share.
The pleasure...
Confident unsure sometimes but a dynamo when the flag drops.
Release the flood gates of pent up anticipation can't wait no paitence it is to your advantage but don't get over impressed.
@lindsayczarniak should thank her choice of dress for my follow. #Wow #ISaidGoshDamn
"Go back to London or Liverpool." #JohnLennon #GGordonLiddy #WatergateFelon
I saw something today. What the fuck is a "professional rioter"?
The U.S. vs. John Lennon.
Shitte's need friends in places and donations.
Tearing down my fairly tale girl who rode cross country most of that they drove.
Aesthetics is back or never left the new classic.
Horns for appearance.
My own pogo stick a tail.
Sink to the bottom of an empty pool you thought was filled deep never as bad as it seems others are unsafe and worse off u are alive writing
When I was just a boy I enjoyed fishing when I got older that feeling went away maybe for the mess or the creature out of water last breaths
I know that you know what I have said has me sitting dead red.
The bow is stern.
Permission to board.
