No girl should be married before the age of 17- Aisha Buhari, calls for legislation against early marriage: Wi... 
Chelsea’s youth setup is the best in England: Mourinho must put faith in talented academy: Stamford Bridge sid... 
Photos: Don Jazzy also renews his MTN contract: Congrats to him... 
Photo of the Day!: This happened some time ago, the general overseer if Kopeland Christian Ministries, Pastor ... 
Omotola defends Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray Bruce has been trending on twitter since last week ... 
Suarez and Ter Stegen push Barcelona to aggregate win vs. Bayern Munich: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to ... 
My dad's death made me the man of the house at a very young age
See the nose"@hyper_gbaski: "MisterIyanu: I will"@hyper_gbaski: Burst my brain already..."" Yinmu.."
I will"@hyper_gbaski: Burst my brain already..."
Man United boss ready to sell Robin van Persie: Old Trafford ace could be exit bound. Man United are reportedl... 
Horrible pics: mob attack female police officer accused of shooting protesters in Burundi: A Burundian female ... 
Young couple take new 'designer steroids' - she grows a giant booty, he grows huge muscles: Found this hilario... 
A realistic Manchester United signing from each Premier League club, with Arsenal and Liverpool speedsters inc... 
Couples who met on twitter share their story and photos: More and more people are finding love on social media... 
Check Out Emmanuel Adebayor As He Flaunt His Fleet Of Cars [PHOTOS]: The football superstar is currently in a ... 
Barca strikers seal semifinal success: Bayern Munich restored some pride by winning the second leg but the dam... 
FG must ask Fashola &amp; Tinubu to mentor states on how to increase Internally generated revenue- Ben Bruce: Sena... 
Hazard - Football Writer's Player of the Year..

*Let that sink in &gt; 
Kenya Moore claims she didn't know the man she'd been claiming as her man is married: Today, MediaTakeOut publ... 
Play of the day: Lewandowski's fancy finish: Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski levelled the match against Bar... 
6th Edition Of Niger Delta Achievers Merit Award To Hold 26th May: The award ceremony is scheduled to hold as ... 
(Video) GOAL! Bayern Munich 3-2 Barcelona: Thomas Muller gives the German giants the lead: Thomas Muller has g... 
Oya shakiti bobo
Tune of life"@chung_li_tan: Love on top - Beyoncé"
Muazu sues for peace, says bickering not in the interest of the PDP: Press statement from PDP chairman, Adamu ... 
Woman Treks with Her 1 Month Old Baby from Minna to Congratulate Gen. Buhari  in Abuja *PHOTO*: Since the vict... 
Shonda Rhimes, Tracee Ellis Ross, Wesley Snipes, America Ferrera &amp; More at the Entertainment Weekly and People... 
Adnan Januzaj scores as Man United under-21s thrash Man City: James Wilson and Adnan Januzaj scored as Manches... 
Solomon Arase confirmed as substantive IGP: Acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase has been confirm... 
Queen Latifah spotted strolling with her partner in NYC (photos): Queen Latifah, 45, was arm in arm with her p... 
Arsenal defender insists confidence is high despite Swansea City defeat: Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has ... 
AY Showcases Superb Football Skills in #TheFutureIsBright Video: Peak Milk is Celebrating 60 Years of feeding ... 
You might doubt your own wisdom today because everything seeme... More for Aquarius 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu, dies: LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu Chelsea Nwakanma, died yesterd... 
Lol"@omojuwa: How can you tell a child he will become great with the help of a bank? They should write "don't try this at home" on that ad"
(Video) GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-1 Barcelona: Suarez &amp; Neymar combine to net equaliser: Bayern Munich’s lead last... 
Wow! Black Chyna steps out in sheer panelled jumpsuit as she celebrates birthday: Blac Chyna wore this reveali... 
See Videos Of Men Having Se*x With A Porshe Car …….Says It’s Sexy [PHOTOS]: There’s describing a car as sexy. ... 
Human Barbie  Valeria Lukyanova shows off tight abs (photos): The Ukrainian model, 29, who is also known as 'H... 
Daddy duty: David Bechkam spotted hanging out with 3 year old daughter:  Beckham 40 and his 3 year old daughte... 
£2,500! Tickets for Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard’s final Anfield game on sale for whopping price: Any Premi... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Tactical Innovations for Guardiola as Bayern seek to overturn Barcelona Champions League deficit: Much of the ... 
[See Photo] Dr.Kanye! Kanye West Receives Honourary Doctorate Degree #GistMp3dotcom: Popular U.S rapper, Kanye... 
SERAP Drags Nigeria To Court Over Suffering Of Displaced Persons: The Registered Trustees of the Socio-Economi... 
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
MediaCamp 2015: Learn photography &amp; digital filmmaking in Ghana: What if you could learn Photography &amp; Digital... 
Was Jay Z walking around with a h**d on? (photos): Jay Z left his office with Beyonce in NY yesterday looking ... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: Below is statement from his Chief Press Secre... 
Rapper Tyga Unveils Epic Throwback Photo Of Himself &amp; His Mom: Awww!! This is indeed an epic throwback photo o... 
Wolfsburg deny interest in Man City striker Edin Dzeko: Wolfsburg have rejected reports that Manchester City s... 
Photo: EFCC Arraigns Five over N26million Internet Fraud: Find the EFCC press statement below ...The Economic ... 
Anna Banner Finally Spotted With Her Sperminated Flavour N’Abania Pregnancy Bump [Photos]: Until now there had... 
Tiger Woods cheated on ex-girlfriend Lindsey Vonn - the real reason they split: What did she expect? That he w... 
Man United in advanced talks to make £37m defensive rock their second summer signing: Old Trafford side seek t... 
Buhari to tour Aso Villa with president Jonathan on May 28th: President-elect, Gen. Buhari will tour Aso rock ... 
Photo of Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II when he was a child: The little boy in the photo is the current Emi... 
Free @MyPocketMoni A Mobile Money Product From eTranzact To Solve Nigeria’s Payment Problem: May 7th marked a ... 
Presidency Expels German Journalist From Aso Rock For Asking Embarrassing Question: The Nigerian State House M... 
Blac Chyna steps out in sheer panelled jumpsuit as she celebrates birthday: Blac Chyna wore this revealing ens... 
Adaeze Yobo shows off her sons in new photos: The former beauty queen welcomed her second son some weeks back.... 
Pics: Tara &amp; Fela Durotoye loved up as they celebrate 14th wedding Anniversary: Makeup and beauty entrepreneur... 
Michael Jackson’s Teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her Boyfriend [PHOTOS]: Little Paris Jackson is all grown... 
Football League manager receives death threats: New Oldham Athletic coach Darren Kelly as been sent a death th... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
Meet Chuka Umunna: The British-Igbo Labour Politician Running for Leader of the Party: Everyone is talking abo... 
Unbelievable! Baby buried alive by parents is rescued after surviving 8 days in cemetery: A newborn baby has b... 
ix35 or iLand: This is an advertorial, not written by me. Read below...I met my old           time friend in a... 
‘Congratulations Eden Hazard': Twitter reacts to the Chelsea star scooping FWA Footballer of the Year award: C... 
5 Ways For An Average Nigerian Man To Toast A Girl:   The average nigerian man does not have what is reffered ... 
Hot Brothers of Empire! Jussie Smollett, Trai Byers &amp; Bryshere Gray Cover Essence Magazine’s June 2015 Issue: ... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
Mercy Aigbe Explains Why Her First Marriage Failed: Famous Yoruba actress, Mercy Aigbe-Gentry, has revealed wh... 
Arsenal strangely linked with defensive duo who don’t offer improvement on current Gunners squad: Emirates Sta... 
Photos from the Council of State meeting today: Past Nigerian leaders including president-elect Gen. Buhari, G... 
Photos: Freda Francis covers May issue of Tribe &amp; Elan magazine: Tribe and Elan debuts "The Beauty Edition”. T... 
Tiwa Savage &amp; Her Baby Bump Rock the Stage at Maharaja Ball: Mummy-to-be Tiwa Savage looked quite stylish at t... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
Photos: Iyanya renews contract with MTN for another year: The singer today May 12th renewed his contract with ... 
Chris Brown doesn't want his stalker prosecuted, prays for her!: Chris Brown does not want the 21 year old Tun... 
Cech Arsenal: Gunners suffer blow in race to sign Chelsea keeper: Arsenal face strong competition to sign Chel... 
Nollywood Actresses Offer s.ex For Role: Nollywood Director: Renowned Nollywood Movie director Amaechi Ukeje, ... 
iDea is launching iDeaGem mentorship program: Information Technology Developers Entrepreneurship Accelerator (... 
Kayode Ogundamisi comes for Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray-Bruce has been trending on Twitter for ... 
‘We Gon Meet 1 Day’ – Burna Boy Tells Bloggers to Watch their Mouths and Fingers: Someone must have pissed Bur... 
Photos: Nasir El-Rufai visits dilapidated textile industry in Kaduna: Kaduna state governor elect, Mallam Nasi... 
91-Yr-Old Threatens To Occupy Fashola’s Office!: A 91-year-old woman, Madam Roseline Ololo has given the Lagos... 
Burna Boy threatens bloggers: Lol. Bloggers, y'all better be scared! Burna Boy has spoken...:-) 
Liverpool star confirms he is leaving in summer transfer window: Liverpool star Iago Aspas has confirmed that ... 
DJ Khaled also leaves Cash Money Records?: ’ The whole thing started with Tyga voicing out about the label has... 
Ketchup for the Ladies! Go Behind-the-Scenes of His New Video Shoot: Ketchup pon di chips yeah! ‘Show Me Yuh R... 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, Gowon, others attend GEJ’s last Council of State meeting: President Jonathan is about now pr... 
Beats by Dre Tour Earpiece Giveaway by Phonace...: Phonace, Nigeria’s number 1 retailers of Phone Accessories,... 
See Photos: Michael Jackson’s teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her boyfriend: Little Paris Jackson is all gr... 
LIB reader, who calls himself UNIPORT finest releases new photos: Y'all remember Samuel Eddies aka SamX who sa... 
Police Man Shoots Keke Napep Driver Dead *PHOTO*: The police in Lagos have launched a manhunt for an Assistant... 
Fun-Loving Guests Party with Ice Prince, Gideon Okeke, DJ Caise &amp; More at GATP’s “High Fashion” Edition: At th... 
Photos: Michael Jackson's teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her boyfriend: Little Paris Jackson is all grown ... 
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Should the 200 girls pregnant for Boko Haram members get an abortion?: According to UNFPDA, about 200 girls wh... 

IF a girl loves a Boy, No one knows except the girl

IF a boy loves a girl, everyone knows …
Wife of Pharmacist who allegedly committed suicide released from police custody: Busayo, the wife of the Lagos... 
See Blue Ivy's cute drawing of mum Beyonce: 3 year old Blue Ivy spotted on mothers day yesterday.She also drew... 
Photos from new earthquake disaster in Nepal, 32 confirmed dead: 32 persons have been confirmed dead and over ... 
Bangladeshi Blogger Hacked to Death for Being Critical of Islam: Ananta Bijoy Das, 32, an atheist Bangladeshi ... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
Manchester United &amp; Liverpool face fresh competition for £29m Serie A superstar: AS Roma midfielder Radja Nain... 
Ik Ogbonna &amp; I must stick together forever-Fiancee: Ik Ogbonna's 8 months pregnant fiancee Sonia has said they... 
Abuja Crews Get Ready! The Remy Martin Danceoff Competition is Coming to your City: Remy Martin fine champagne... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
PFL International Education Expo - 2nd City Tour May 2015: Get first-hand information about career choices, se... 
Manchester City: High-profile Spanish coach not closing door on Eastlands: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique has ... 
Photo: Zaaki Azzay buys himself a G-Wagon: I don't know what year that is so I will zip it...lol. He shared th... 
What Relaspe? OJB says he is home and healthy: OJB has reacted to reports he suffered a kidney relapse and has... 
The battle continues. Now Blac Chyna wants full custody of their son: Blac Chyna says she has a problem with T... 
New Video: Timi Dakolo – Wish Me Well: Nigerian soul artiste – Timi Dakolo has released the video for his late... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
Two Nigerians sent to 12 years in prison in Vietnam for email fraud: A Vietnamese court has sentenced two Nige... 
Robin van Persie extra motivated to beat Arsenal with Manchester United to prove worth: Manchester United star... 
Pour Femme - The Online Lingerie Boutique: Shop now www.pourfemmeintiates.comCall us:    09093500045E-mail    ... 
Woman Buys Twin Babies for 1.9 Million Naira in Lagos!: The police in Lagos State, western Nigeria, have arres... 
Another Earthquake Hits Nepal 2 Weeks After Deadly Quake Left Over 8,000 Dead: Another earthquake has hit Nepa... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Finally! A photo of Anna Banner's baby bump. Seen at a wedding in Enugu with Flavour: For those of you who sti... 
Manchester United and Arsenal face competition from France for star transfer target: Arsenal and Manchester Un... 
Oyo state Gov's daughter, Abi Kola-Daisi writes on love &amp; learning to trust your partner: They are a beautiful... 
See How Nigerian Girl Rejected Guy’s Proposal After Collecting His iPhone 6 .: Well, I was going through my fa... 
1-yr old dies after mother kissed and threw him off a bridge(Photo): A one-year-old little boy has died, six d... 
Dear LIB readers; I mistakenly overpaid someone &amp; they've refused to refund me: From a male LIB readerI was su... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
Lola Omotayo-Okoye, Eku Edewor, Toke Makinwa &amp; More Groom Aspiring Models in New Docu-Reality Series – ‘Dare2D... 
Senator Ita Giwa's daughter and husband expecting their first child: Koko, the beautiful daughter of Senator F... 
Liverpool transfer news: target denies visiting Merseyside: Liverpool have been linked with Stade Rennais forw... 
See Sean Tizzle Pictured Kissing A Female Fan During Performance In NewYork (Photos): Singer Sean Tizzle was p... 
"A Flawless Bride": A wedding is one of the most profound days in a woman’s life. It is also one of the most c... 
Another Earthquake rocks Nepal: Two weeks after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake rocked Nepal in which over 8,000 pe... 
Re: Unlawful detention of 2 sisters. The woman they fought writes her own version, shares photo: Hopefully, so... 
Twittersphere Expresses Mixed Reactions to George Zimmerman Getting Shot At: George Zimmerman suffered signifi... 
WONDERS.. SHOCKING NA*K€D PICS Of This Girl Was Released By HERSELF On FACEBOOK..: Wonders shall never end in ... 
Tragic story! Couple die in car accident just two months after their wedding: Mr and Mrs Timothy Terson got ma... 
Liverpool and Arsenal face competition from Italy for potential Steven Gerrard replacement: Yohan Cabaye’s tro... 
Checkout Skales Man Of The Year Album Tracklist: Track List For Skales’ Debut Album, ‘Man Of The Year’, Which ... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
Nollywood Actor &amp; Comedian Ime Bishop Umoh’s Daughter Celebrates First Year Birthday with Family Shoot | Udim ... 
I'm disappointed Kim K deleted my winning pic from her Instagram account - ANTM winner: It was a dream come tr... 
Arsenal to make shock move for Man City midfielder: Arsenal are reportedly preparing a deal to lure Manchester... 
Register to Become a Professional Facilities Manager: Have you noticed the increase in the numbers of big shop... 
Guys Beware: See The 8 Common Causes Of Infertility In Men: Causes of male infertility include: -Using steroid... 
Tight shirt. Tight trouser. Na wetin? Lol. (photo): Saw this photo trending on Twitter. It's said to be that o... 
Pics: Bradley Cooper passionately kisses Irina Shayk as he drops her off: I like these two together. And it lo... 
Glazers' ownership of Manchester United blasted by MUST: The Manchester United Supporters Trust (MUST) has cla... 
Chadian President Idriss Deby Denies Knowing Boko Haram Leader Shekhau’s Whereabouts: A few months ago, presid... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: Below is statement from his Chief Press Secre... 
Arsenal and Chelsea on alert as Raheem Sterling puts house on the market: Arsenal and Chelsea have been placed... 
Music Snippet: Davido Ft. Meek Mill – Fans Mi: Few days ago Davido commenced the shooting of the video for his... 
Sean Tizzle locks lips with female fan during a performance in NY: Singer Sean Tizzle locked lips with a femal... 
Brain-dead woman who was kept alive for 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a... 
Brain-dead woman kept alive 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brain dead ... 
OMG! This Photo Will Break your Heart!:    This is really heartbreaking! The couple in the burial pic, got mar... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
OJB Jezreel Denies Reports of Having a Medical Setback following Kidney Transplant: Veteran Nigerian musician ... 
Posterity will place me on the right side of history - Pres. Jonathan: President Jonathan says he and his team... 
Cristiano Ronaldo and Iker Casillas will leave Real Madrid in the summer, says former goalkeeper: Former Real ... 
Internally displaced people die of trauma due to Boko Haram attacks: The Christian Asso­ciation of Nigeria (CA... 
11 year old Girl pregnant from rape wants Child, sparking Abortion debate: An 11-year old girl with intellectu... 
The Game's gift to a boy on his 7th birthday (Photos): Darkima Johnson said she was with her son Jaden last Th... 
Beyoncé rocks shredded jeans on a walk with hubby, Jay-Z (photos): Queen Bey was spotted in shredded jeans and... 
Decomposing Corpse Chases Patients out of Wards at General Hospital, Lagos,: Foul odour emanating from a decom... 
Man City star Yaya Toure set to join Serie A giants with £10m move: Italian giants Inter Milan are set to offe... 
Cossy Orjiakor, Her B00bs and Uche Ogbodo Step Out For a Party Last Night [Photos]: Booblicious actresses Coss... 
It’s Dr. Kanye West Now! Gets Honourary Doctorate from the School of Art Institute of Chicago: Dr. Kanye West ... 
RVP stunned at Man United axe vs Crystal Palace: Manchester United striker Robin Van Persie is said to have be... 
Abuja crews get ready! Remy Martin Danceoff is in your town: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dance competi... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
New Music: Top Age - Baby Oh | @iamTopage: After dropping a free beat (Download Free Beat Here) some days back... 
Picasso painting sets world record for art auction at $179M: Women of Algiers by Pablo Picasso sold for $179.4... 
Check out the banging body on this 36 year old mother of 6: 36 year old, The Real Housewives of Atlanta star, ... 
Corpse left at General hospital until it began to stink: Foul odour emanating from a decomposing corpse at the... 
11 year old pregnant from rape wants child, sparking abortion debate: This is not the childAn 11-year old girl... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
50 Jaw Breaking Words of Hon. Patrick Obahiagbon and their Meaning!: Hon. Patrick Obahiagbon, Nigeria’s number... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
10 Reasons Why Nigeria Is The Best Country In The World: 1. Weather conditions While in this cool country, you... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
How To Get A Lady’s Number Easily And Getting Her Into Bed: Getting Her Phone Number And A Date… Getting a gir... 
Non Indigenes of Lagos Need to Show Respect to their Host - Oba of Lagos: The Oba of Lagos, Riliwanu Akiolu, s... 
Prem: Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City: Bafetimbi Gomis scored a late goal against the run of play, as Swansea City su... 
Someone steals Chidi Mokeme's Range Rover instagram post...gets caught!: Yesterday, Chidi Mokeme posted this p... 
(Image) Brazilian wonderkid signs for Chelsea: youngster poses in Blues shirt on Instagram: Club Atletico Para... 
How To Stay In A Healthy Relationship Without Se*x: Dear Worried Reader, your question is HOW can a relationsh... 
Mother's Day surprise from President Obama to some lucky mums: US President, Barack Obama yesterday surprised ... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Very graphic! Woman gets deadly infection after getting bad booty shots: Oh my! MediaTakeOut received a photo ... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Arsenal legend urges Arsene Wenger to sign Liverpool defender: Former Arsenal striker Ian Wright has told Arse... 
Four suspects in the deadly Lekki Phase 1 bank robbery arrested: Four suspects involved in the deadly Lekki Ph... 
Photos: Tyga shares before and after photo of himself and his mum: The rapper shared the photo of himself and ... 
Pics: Ambassadors of Korea, Syria, Kuwait, Kenya, 11 others visit Buhari: President elect, Gen. Buhari receive... 
Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Goal-line tech decider:  
(Video) Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Gomis goal wins tight game but goal-line technology vital: Bafetimbi Gomis scored... 
First son of Nnamdi Azikiwe, Chukwuma dies at 75: The first son of first Nigerian Head of State, Nnamdi Azikiw... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former  President Shehu Shaga... 
Don't mind dem"@Damite2ky: What happens ...Arsenal fans aren't comparing their players with hazard tonight??"
Calabar Prostitutes Beats Up Pastor Who Refused to Pay After Sex: It was a show of shame when a supposed man o... 
Prem: Fabianski denies Cazorla (64'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Santi Cazorla (64') Arsenal 0-0 Swansea City 
Photos: Kanye West receives honourary Doctorate Degree: Kanye West was  decorated with an honorary doctorate d... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former President Shehu Shagar... 
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men. 70 men to 10,000 women...lol: Japanese $20billion porn industry... 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
OJB Jezreel says he hasn't relapsed: I've asked around and found out OJB Jezreel has unfortunately relapsed an... 
Sound Sultan shares photo of himself in a Sauna: Hot papa of three! 
PFA Fans’ Player of the Year nominees: Arsenal and Chelsea stars up for award: The PFA Fans’ Player of the Yea... 
You thought past memories were safely hidden away, but they co... More for Aquarius 
#50NairaStory Initiatives; 4 awesome movies premieres this Sunday: It’s the #50NairaStory; get ready to witnes... 
Popular US blogger Perez Hilton is a dad again: Popular blogger, columnist and television personality, Perez H... 
Photos: protest in Abuja over the execution of Nigerians in Indonesia: Members of United Nigerians in Diaspora... 
Chrissy Teigen and Ludacris Playful Chummy on the Cover of Billboard Magazine’s Latest Issue: Hosts of the 201... 
Photos: Tonto Dikeh steps out in her new look: Tonto Dikeh unveiled her new look as she stepped out earlier to... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
BERTA Bridal Fall 2015 Collection: BERTA Bridal’s new Fall 2015 collection is probably her most intriguing and... 
Anything wrong with this photo?: You feel some type of way about this pic? 
I am so insecure, I can't leave home without spanx- Kim Kardashian West: Kim K who wore one of her own clothes... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Exclusive: Check out the Official Photos from Osas Ighodaro’s Pretty Bridal Shower: Nollywood actress Osas Igh... 
Ladies How Do You Feel If Your Boyfriend Does This To You? [PHOTO]: in our contemporary society, it is quite u... 
All About the PDA! Ice Prince &amp; Maima and Mariam Adeyemi &amp; John Timmer Coupled Up at GATP: Awww…don’t you just... 
(Image) Chelsea captain John Terry celebrates 1,000,000 Instagram followers with cringeworthy post: It has bee... 
Rantings of a Random GAY Nigerian #ENTRY 1: *Written by Dennis Macaulay. Published with his approval and permi... 
Tyga replies Blac Chyna's mum after she drags him &amp; his family on social media: Blac Chyna's mum Tokyo Toni is... 
Lagos Woman Weeps After Discovering she Bought Phone Full of Fufu: What would you do if you bought a phone onl... 
Who's talking about Pep Guardiola?: Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich are suffering through a critical spell but... 
Real Madrid ready to put Arsenal and Liverpool transfer target Karim Benzema up for sale: Real Madrid are repo... 
Open letter to Mr. President-elect, Buhari - By Charly Boy: Sequel to his opinion on the zoning formula and ou... 
Photos: Meet the instagram-famous dog that makes $15k a month: Canine cuteness! Meet menswear dog, Shiba Inu B... 
Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Déjà vu! Chidi Mokeme’s Mother’s Day Gift Resurfaces on Instagram: This morning we brought you the sweet gestu... 
Paulo Dybala’s Juventus transfer to be finalised on Thursday: The future of Palermo striker Paulo Dybala is fi... 
LIB readers claims police brutality - shares her story: Story of alleged police brutality as told by a LIB rea... 
American Idol cancelled as 15th season to be it's last.....: After struggling with ratings, the network announ... 
Autism Awareness Events by the C.A.D.E.T. Academy, Abuja: The Comprehensive Autism and related Disabilities Ed... 
BN Pick Your Fave – Fashion Blogger Edition! Fisayo Longe, Stephanie Okafor &amp; Ranti Onayemi: In the fashion wo... 
Choi! Rihanna's father wishes Bruce Jenner a Happy Mother's Day: Rihanna's dad Ronald Fenty yesterday took aim... 
Transfer blow for Arsenal as Schalke confirm Sami Khedira interest: Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United’s h... 
Photos: Lady buys a phone filled with Fufu in Lagos: Just saw this mess on Twitter. Are people for real? Sell ... 
Chris Brown took back the car he bought for Karrueche?: A newly revealed blind item claims Chris Brown took ba... 
Photos from actress Princess Pemu's introduction: Looks like actress Princess Pemu (the one who has a similar ... 
Man treks from Abeokuta to Lagos for Tinubu: The season of political treking continiues as a 28-year-old Adam ... 
Study, Work &amp; Live in Canada: Do you wish to obtain an international certificate in a reputable &amp; highly rated... 
Man Caught on camera having $ex with a ”CAR” exhaust [See Video]: There’s a video for this report, it’s pretty... 
Kim Kardashian Poses Nude Again!: Emmmmm... What else does she have to offer? In the latest episode of KUWTK..... 
Kimora Lee shares photo of her husband and all her four children: Former model, fashion mogul, reality star an... 
Late Sani Abacha pictured just a day before he died in 1998: Former military ruler, Gen. Sani Abacha pictured ... 
Photos: TV gal Stephanie Coker rocks green hair: TV personality Stephanie Coker tried green braids and she loo... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Love, Life &amp; Everything in Between! ‘August Meeting with Uwanma’ Celebrates One Year Anniversary at Exclusive ... 
Arsenal v Swansea latest odds and team news from BET VICTOR: Arsenal v Swansea – KO: 20:00 BST Swansea face th... 
Mouka Re-Introduces ‘Mattress Swap’ Campaign: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and indust... 
The hottest part of hell should be reserved for governors who live large at public expense - Ben Bruce: Ben Mu... 
Footballer Adebayor’s Brother Who Was Accused Of Stealing Begs Family For Forgiveness: Footballer Adebayor’s b... 
Nigerian Who Recently Won A Seat In UK Parliament Shows Off His Girlfriend [PHOTO]:   Four Nigerians contested... 
Relegation just the beginning for QPR: Queens Park Rangers' fate was finally confirmed on Sunday with a 6-0 de... 
South African President Reportedly Promises to Pay 50,000 Rands to Citizens with HIV Status Tattoo: South Afri... 
Manchester United given transfer boost in pursuit of world-class Serie A keeper: Manchester United have been h... 
You need to see what Kanye West did for Kim Kardashian on Mothers Day ! (SEE PHOTO): Aww. So kanyewest can so ... 
Dashboard Indicators &amp; Their Meanings: Immediately I saw this, I just said I will be posting it, cus it will h... 
Sacked: Schalke release Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sidney Sam with ‘immediate effect’ following shock defeat: Sc... 
Power Rankings: D.C. extend their lead:  
P &amp; G Partners with Desperate Housewives Africa to Promote Local Content in Nigerian Entertainment!: Maker of ... 
Billionaire Daughter Jennifer Obayuwana Shows Off her Home: Her dad is Polo Luxury CEO and UnderBoss, John Oba... 
The Rock's personal story about himself &amp; his mum is so touching!: In honour of Mother's Day yesterday, former... 
The Relegation Scrap: Hull in trouble as Premier League battle nears end: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Pre... 
Natalie Nunn denies Nigerian billionaire sugar daddy story: She shared a photo of her husband Jacob Payne and ... 
Chai!! SEE 13 Countries You Can Purchase A Nigerian Visa For $1: According to a report by Punch , while Nigeri... 
Bale Chelsea: Blues to test Real Madrid resolve with £80m bid: Stamford Bridge side chase Bernabeu winger. Che... 
Keystone Direct Airtime! Get 100% airtime bonus on recharge cards: Discover an easier way to top up your phone... 
Guys; Please Beware Of This Pretty Lady [See Photos]: I think This lady should be jailed!! This is simply an a... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Freeze Thanks God for Best Birthday Ever &amp; For “Removing the Monster that Tormented” Him for 15 Years: Media p... 
Lagos PDP sacks Chairman, appoints replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
Epic shade! This Ghanaian just finished Nigeria on instagram: Can you imagine? Lol. What we're used to is into... 
Photos: Actress Eniola Badmus shares lovely new photos of herself: Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus shared the... 
Modern Silhouettes meet Fringe Detailing in Sisiano’s “Ms. Green: Lipstick Smudge” Collection Lookbook!: Prese... 
Love in all its Brilliance! Jennifer Chioma Ayika &amp; Bright Anaekwe’s Wedding | UdimEE Photography: Jennifer Ch... 
Why this Bayern Munich star could be perfect fit for new Man United attack: Allianz Arena star on Old Trafford... 
Skuki and Friends Campus Concert.. #SFCC: Nigerian youths, its time for some serious turn up, as Skuki and Fri... 
Mother shot while pregnant shares a powerful, inspiring story on Mother's Day: Be inspired &amp; marvel at God's w... 
Check out Lyrics for Olamide – Bobo: It’s young john the wicked producer Eyin omo wobe(wobe) Eyin omo awobe(wo... 
Davido Set to do a Collabo with Trey Songz &amp; Flavour Nabania: Fresh off from making a hit with Meek Mill this ... 
Manchester United’s latest signing Memphis Depay hoping to emulate Cristiano Ronaldo: Manchester United’s newe... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor's brother begs for forgiveness: Emmanuel Adebayor's brother, Rotimi Adebayor, who... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
New Music: Sound Sultan – Obalola: He got his retweets and now we have “Obalola“. Sound Sultan promised his fa... 
OJB's kidney reportedly collapses again: Popular Nigerian music producer and singer, Babatunde Okungbowa popul... 
Beautiful photos of basketball player Chris Bosh and his family...: NBA Player, Chris  Bosh and his wife, Adri... 
Do men wish for the same thing for their daughters as they wish for their wives?: Saw this on twitter. A chart... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola moves to quash Man City speculation: Allianz Arena manager keen to put an end... 
Get a Job in 10 minutes, take the 10:10 Challenge: What can you do in 10minutes? Boil an egg? Record a song? O... 
“I alone can build PDP back” – Gov Fayose:   The Ekiti state governor warns PDP party members not to leave or ... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Oba of Lagos Rilwan Akiolu Says his Comments about Igbos were “Twisted” by Political Opponents: Oba of Lagos, ... 
Firefighter collapses inside well while rescuing plumber: An official of the Lagos Sate Fire Service on Saturd... 
Steven Gerrard insists Liverpool need to spend big to compete with Premier League rivals: Departing Liverpool ... 
Photos: Kim K gets naked in sexy photoshoot for her website: Mrs West shows off her body - nude &amp;  painted in ... 
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Mercy Aigbe-Gentry: ‘The Major Reason My First Marriage Failed Was Because My Ex-Husband’s Mum Did Not Want Hi... 
Huddah Monroe shares pic from her private party in Banana Island: The former BBA star shared the photo above w... 
President Jonathan should not be scared of persecution - APC: Read the APC press statement below...The All Pro... 
Royco Women Who Really Cook contest: Royco Nigeria has rewarded two African women with Kitchen appliances for ... 
Sola Sobowale Admits There Is No Money In Acting, Says She Needs Money To Survive: Veteran actress and ageless... 
Kenyan newspaper publishes list of top gays and lesbians in their country: But why na, Kenya? A Kenyan newspap... 
I killed to avenge the killing of my friend- Cult member says: 20-year old Joberi Pyagbara, a Rivers state bas... 
Arsenal target Real Madrid pair who could help Gunners to Premier League title: Emirates Stadium side linked w... 
Real Madrid said 'goodbye' to La Liga title vs. Valencia - Dani Carvajal: Dani Carvajal believes Real Madrid h... 
Weekend Getaway! Seyi Law &amp; Wife Enjoy a Fab Mother’s Day Weekend: Sweet love! Seyi Law celebrated Mother’s Da... 
Pics: Kanye West stops smiling as soon as he spots paparazzi..lol: Kanye West was caught smiling while watchin... 
Dear LIB readers; My man can't get it up &amp; has refused to seek help: From a female LIB readerI am a frustrated... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero: As several people trekked long distances to felicitate wi... 
WAP announces new ThisLife story: TV lovers across Nigeria are in for a swell time as Wale Adenuga Productions... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
Fun Photos from The Bridge Clinic’s Celebration of 1859 Babies!: The Bridge Clinic, Nigeria’s foremost fertili... 
Language barrier leaving Gareth Bale isolated from Real Madrid teammates: Gareth Bale’s apparent struggles at ... 
Sad! Lagos Socialite, Akeem Sodehinde Is Dead: After battling with diabetes and kidney failure for few years, ... 
Kendall and Khloe Kardashian booed at a basket ball game (photos): Khloe and Kendall were shown on  camera to ... 
They say this is inside Dencia's new LA mansion (photos): Yesterday Dencia showed us her new LA mansion (see h... 
Funke Akindele, Gbemi Olateru-Olagbegi, Dare Art-Alade, Femi Kuti &amp; More Attend Tunde and Wunmi Obe’s ‘T.W.O P... 
Jeez: Ifeanyi Ubah Escapes Assassination, One of His Aide Killed: The Founder and Chief Executive Officer of T... 
Friends and associates have abandoned me since I lost the election - GEJ: Before? Unfortunately, that's how so... 
Half of Nigerian women have anaemia: A medical professional body, Nutrition Society of Nigeria, NSN, on Thursd... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
Red Carpet Photos! Ramsey Nouah, Majid Michel, Uru Eke &amp; More Attend ‘Busted Life’ Movie Premiere in London: T... 
Reality star Natalie Nunn allegedly cheating on hubby with Nigerian billionaire: MediaTakeOut yesterday put ma... 
Rivers Deputy Gov, Ikuru is Modern ‘Judas Iscariot’ – APC Slams: The Rivers state chapter of the All Progressi... 
Chidinma Goes Blonde?  [See Photo]: So The kedike singer “Chidinma” decided to switch things up with her hairs... 
Footballer, Emmanuel Adebayor drops more bombshell about his family: Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor who made som... 
Mother And Children Who Sing: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deacon... 
Rapper MI Finds a Wife in Abakaliki [PHOTOS]: The 2nd leg of the 2015 Star Music Trek happened on May 9, 2015 ... 
Arsenal suffer blow as transfer target Isco declares intention to stay at Real Madrid: Arsenal have suffered a... 
Mother And Children Who Sings: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deaco... 
Nigerian visa reportedly goes for one dollar in 13 countries: According to a report by Punch, while Nigerians ... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Mother’s Day 2015 Gifts – A Couple Thousand Roses &amp; a String Quartet for Kim Kardashian!: When you are a music... 
Transgender Celebrates Mum on Mother’s Day with Before Meets After Photo: He grew up into a woman.
The post Tr... 
'If you want to stay in Lagos, respect your hosts' - Oba of Lagos tells Igbos and other non-indigenes: The Oba... 
Do you know Malaria can be treated by Viagra (MUST READ): California: The anti-impotence drug Viagra helps eli... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
Five superb Chelsea youngsters who could follow Ruben Loftus-Cheek into Blues first team set-up: Chelsea manag... 
Non-indigenes in Lagos Must Respect their Hosts– Akiolu: The Oba of Lagos, Riliwanu Akiolu, says there is a ne... 
See Shocking Pics of Rihanna &amp; Beyonce got people talking: These closeup pics of Beyonce and Rihanna at the ME... 
Photo of the Morning! See What this Church Advertised!: LMAO... pastor for rent! 
Chris Brown spends $200k on a Richard Mille watch (photo): While some people are missing jewelries worth $250k... 
50 cent jeweler accuses the rapper's crew of theft and assault: 50 Cent is currently being investigated by Las... 
General Medical Checkup: Nigeria can be very stressful at times and between the traffic, petrol queues and lon... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
Mother’s Day Excitement! Nadia Buari Shares Adorable Photos of her Pregnancy Glow: A couple of months ago Ghol... 
APC Campaign Bus Crushes 3 People to Death in Illorin: On the 3rd Of May 2015 was a sad day for the family of ... 
Awww, Kim Kardashian's mother's day present from hubby Kanye West:  
ISIS sets ‘honey traps’ to ensnare and execute homosexuals: In its crusade against homosexuals, the Islamic St... 
Chivas face neighbors Atlas, America draw Pachuca in 2015 Clausura: Reigning Liga MX champion Club America wil... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
Toronto FC lose home opener to Houston Dynamo: TORONTO -- Boniek Garcia and Will Bruin scored and the Houston ... 
Highlights: Toronto FC 1-2 Houston: The Houston Dynamo triumphed 2-1 over Toronto FC at BMO Field courtesy of ... 
Aww, check out what Kanye did for Kim K (:  
Nigeria soldiers on deathrow allegedly being starved of food &amp; water: According to a report by Sahara Reporter... 
Man United set to make £18m wide-man second summer signing with third deal ‘in place’: Old Trafford side look ... 
Hernanes brace seals Inter Milan comeback, Sampdoria keep up European push: Hernanes scored twice against his ... 
(Image) John Terry celebrates goal against Liverpool in latest instagram post: Chelsea star opened scoring aga... 
Photos of actress Nadia Buari during her pregnancy: We didn't even know the actress was pregnant until news of... 
The Most Ugly Wedding Dresses Ever! [PHOTOS]: #1 A Circus Bride? Is this a wedding dress for a marriage ceremo... 
Relegation deserved for pathetic QPR with future bleak under Fernandes: QPR coach Chris Ramsey dubbed his side... 
Photo: Beyonce with her mum vs Beyonce with her daughter: In celebration of Mother's Day, Beyonce shared this ... 
DJ Jimmy Jatt &amp; Dakore Akande cover new issue of Complete Fashion mag: Popular DJ, Jimmy Jatt and actress, Dak... 
Must See This Hilarious Church Advert In Apapa, Lagos [Photo]: Smh. Wonders shall Never End. Imagine a Penteco... 
Steven Gerrard wants Liverpool return after two year MLS spell: Steven Gerrard has revealed that he wishes to ... 
Skales, Uti, Mercy Aigbe, others storm Lagos for Nexus Brandshop Launch: Popular Nigerian celebrities, Skales,... 
Top 10 African Presidents With The Most Expensive &amp; Classy Private Jets: Flying is one of the most important m... 
Fola Daniel Adelesi: Right Size, Right Location: As I prepared to inspire you today and help you see things fr... 
‘From hustling I have a deep appreciation of life’ – Toke Makinwa Talks about Avoiding the Rich Kids Syndrome ... 
(Video) The Best and Worst of Chelsea and Arsenal target Giannelli Imbula: Olympique de Marseille midfielder G... 
Twellman: Toronto have a cohesive attack: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey and Taylor Twellman preview Toronto FC's mat... 
I Show My Cleavage but in a Classy Way - Actress Mercy Aigbe: Yoruba Nollywood actress Mercy Aigbe has reveale... 
Manchester United: Real Madrid chief has bad news regarding Bale transfer: Real Madrid president Florentino Pe... 
Family drama! Emmanuel Adebayor responds to one of his fans on facebook:  A female fan Rachel Mahoe left a com... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
Arsenal to offload pair ahead of £25m midfielder bid: Emirates Stadium side look to conduct midfield re-shuffl... 
Atletico Madrid draw late on Fernando Torres goal, Campbell leads Villarreal: Fernando Torres scored with 10 m... 
BN Book Excerpt:  The Girl Who Found Water by Chibuzor Mirian Azubuike: One day, a few of us went on an assign... 
You might believe you can act as unconventionally as you feel ... More for Aquarius 
Man United begin talks to sign £50m Belgian: Old Trafford side chase Wolfsburg star. Man United have reportedl... 
Oh dear! Blac Chyna's mum comes for the Kardashians/Jenners:  Two days ago, Tyga's grandma said she prefers 17... 
(Video) Marseille ball boy refuses to let Monaco’s Moutinho celebrate after early goal: AS Monaco’s Joao Mouti... 
LORD! See the Ashewo thkng this Child Posted on Facebook...:    WTF? Someone dropped a link to this page on a ... 
Bikers ride from Buhari's compound in Katsina to Abuja to witness his inauguration:  A group of bikers picture... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero after losing governorship election: As several people trek... 
Chinese Billionaire Takes 6,400 of his Staff on Holiday to France: Wouldn’t you love to have a boss like this?... 
Liverpool on brink of sealing signings of Premier League duo: Liverpool are close to finalising a deal with Bu... 
Man Treks from Aba to Nsukka to Go Congratulate the New Enugu State Governor:     Another man, Joseph Iyoke, a... 
Prem: Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a standing ovation in Liverpool's 1-1 draw wit... 
President elect, Gen Buhari, says his government will be made of technocrats only: President elect, Gen Muhamm... 
2015 general elections: I hope my wife will not divorce me - GEJ: Speaking at the thanksgiving and farewell se... 
(Video) Chelsea vs Liverpool: Steven Gerrard mocks Blues fans “it was nice of them to turn up for once”: Steve... 
OMG! See the Nasty Photo Guy Posted to Celebrate his Mother on Mothers’ Day: Why would a mother allow this?The... 
Brendan Rodgers laments 'awful' Liverpool start in draw at Chelsea: #INSERT type:image caption:Gerrard, who le... 
See Mama Peace &amp; GEJ Looking Radiant at Thanksgiving/Farewell Service in Abuja – PHOTOS: We have missed seeing... 
Top 10 Toughest Universities To Gain Admission Into In Nigeria [MUST SEE]: Below are 10 hardest Universities t... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor not done with his family...shares more story about his brother he accused of stea... 
Man City £76m Bundesliga pair raid: Etihad Stadium side ready to splash the cash. Man City are ready to spend ... 
I’m too HOT to snatch anybody’s Husband – Actress Adaora Ukoh:   Plus-sized actress, Adaora Ukoh has opened up... 
Photos of MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan, Burna Boy at Abakaliki StarMusicTrek:  The 2nd leg of the 2015 Star ... 
'I'll fight for Nigerians when I get to the Senate' - Ben Murray-Bruce: The Senator-elect has been on a roll t... 
Ramsey: Our worst performance in a long time: QPR manager Chris Ramsey apologises to the fans after his side's... 
Photos: Northern Elders Forum pay General Buhari courtesy visit: Members of the Northern Elders Forum paid a c... 
Do You Think You Are Smart? Get In And Answer This simple Question: Which of this body organ never rest? Or wh... 
Man United and Liverpool face competition for World Cup winner and La Liga star: Manchester United and Liverpo... 
Prem: Gerrard -- Liverpool goal (44'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven Gerrard (44') Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea 
Man United legend earmarks ‘three or four’ new signings to aid Premier League title challenge: Manchester Unit... 
Prem: Terry -- Chelsea goal (5'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: John Terry (5') Liverpool 0-1 Chelsea 
(Video) Highlights: Manchester City 6-0 Queens Park Rangers: Aguero gets a hat-trick as Hoops are relegated: M... 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pre-game accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the sec... 
Chinese billionaire takes 6,400 staff on holiday to Paris; costs him about $50m:  Chinese  billionaire, Li Jin... 
QPR relegated with a whimper as Aguero and City cruise to easy win: Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green l... 
Chelsea v Liverpool confirmed teams: Loic Remy leads Blues attack while Rickie Lambert starts up top for Reds:... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as QPR slumped to ... 
Photos from the Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell service in honour of Pres. Jonathan &amp; First Lady: Finally a photo of o... 
What is wrong with this pic?: As seen on CNN. Is there anything wrong with it? 
Comment
Wolexis Sports Blog | Nigeria's Online Sports Magazine: European Team Of The Year: Messi, Tevez And De Bru... 
Photos: Chidi Mokeme buys his wife a Range Rover Sports SUV: The actor who welcomed a child with his wife a fe... 
(Video) Manchester City 5-0 QPR: Aguero hat trick and Milner header relegates Hoops: Manchester City have gone... 
TBH "@DONHALOGEN: Truth or TBH""""""""
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
See The Lagos Drive that Uses POS Machine – See Photos: He obviously doesn’t want to hear stories that touch f... 
Agent confirms Gareth Bale is p***** off at Real Madrid situation: Gareth Bale’s agent Jonathan Barnett has re... 
Prem: Kolarov -- Man City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Aleksandar Kolarov (32') Manhester City 2-0 QPR 
Word!!!!!"@JAYKINGZ_: One player that has proven himself even when played outta position @CesarAzpi #CFC"
Kim K says Kylie Jenner has always wanted lips (&amp; butt) like hers: Kim K is defending her 17 year old sister K... 
Lacazette Liverpool: Anfield side set to offer £20million for Ligue 1 hotshot: Liverpool are ready to table a ... 
Chinese Billionaire Takes 6,400 Staff on Holiday to Paris – See Amazing Photos: A Chinese billionaire has take... 
9 US police officers fired over death of young Nigerian man in their custody: We carried this story a few mont... 
Man Turns Himself Into Attraction At Lagos Carnival (See Trending Photo): Poor turnout of people at the 2015 L... 
Face of Democracy Nigeria pageant flags of Registration for 2015 Edition: Face of Democracy Nigeria flags of 2... 
Brilliant Man United XI for 2015/16 Including Depay, £40m German &amp; £25m right-back: This Old Trafford line-up ... 
Sambisa Forest: I Never Believed We would Make it out Alive — Rachael, Christian Hostage: Penultimate Saturday... 
Yul Edochie And I Were Lovers For Almost Two Years, Gay ‘Lover’ Insists: Last week, in an exclusive chat with ... 
Comedian I Go Dye says he will miss First Lady Patience Jonathan: Don't ask me, I don't know...lol. All I know... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
Can you guess the mother &amp; daughter? (photo): Can you guys tell who the mum is and who the daughter is? 
Photos: OAP Osam and his twin boys enjoy a game of football: MC and Naija FM OAP Osamoje Isaac popularly known... 
Breaking: QPR midfielder out of Manchester City match due to ‘visa issues’: Queens Park Rangers midfielder San... 
'She's not progressing at all': Bobbi Kristina's grandmother gives sad update on her condition: Bobbi Kristina... 
Meet the One Armed Senator-elect, Nneji Athan Achonu – See Photos: The people of Okigwe Senatorial zone at the... 
REVEALED: See How This Young Boy Sleep With Married Women With Magic Ring [PHOTOS]: Detectives attached to Nsu... 
'It's doesn't matter if the cat is black or white' - article by Ben Murray Bruce: Interesting article by Senat... 
Man United line up bid for £40m Bayern Munich star after Pep Guardiola bust-up: Allianz Arena star on Old Traf... 
Jozie teams up with label mate Jahbless on the remix of Choco Boi: The original version of the song was releas... 
Dancer Ezinne Asinugo, Beauty Blogger Barbara Onianwah &amp; More channel an African Picnic in New Shoot: Do you h... 
Victoria Beckham reveals unending joy of being a mum in letter: Today is Mother's Day in the US and some parts... 
New way to buy fuel these days ...lol (photos): Due to scarcity of fuel in Lagos people now lose the fuel tank... 
Chelsea and Arsenal set to be disappointed: major transfer target happy in France: Paris Saint-Germain midfiel... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
DOWNLOAD VIDEO: Virus Zamora (@viruz_zamora) – Hangover: Just immediately after officially debuting into the g... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
Beautiful Photos From Davido &amp; Meek Mill’s Video Shoot in California: Davido and  Meek Mill as of late teamed ... 
Real Madrid do not pass to Gareth Bale enough, says agent Jonathan Barnett: Gareth Bale's agent Jonathan Barne... 
Singers Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani sexy in new pics: The singers stepped out in sexy black and pink ensembl... 
See BTS Photos From Davido &amp; Meek Mill’s Video Shoot: Davido and Meek Mill recently collaborated on music toge... 
Dencia shows off her LA mansion (photo): Really? This is where you live Dencia? Now, that's living! She shared... 
YCee and Patoranking in new video for 'Condo': Last year's revelation, Patoranking, teams up with a hot new ra... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
Sunday Morning Hotness featuring super model, Tyson Beckford: This guy can like and do anyhow because he knows... 
15 Signs that Show You are Dating a Covert ‘Prostitute’ (Runs Girl): Do You Agree with this Post? There is sti... 
Photos of Buhari’s modest farmhouses in Daura, Katsina state: A Punch reporter was in Daura, Katsina recently ... 
Lloris Manchester United: Louis van Gaal told to fork out £30m for David de Gea replacement: Tottenham have sl... 
Photos: Two beautiful young sisters shot dead in St Louis: These two sister, 20 year old Antquonette Hale, (le... 
Meet with Representatives from Leading Universities in the UK, Australia, Canada &amp; South Africa at Dave Abion ... 
Is Buhari ready for internet generation, social media, free speech?: In your opinion, do you think General Buh... 
Liverpool star wants guard of honour to motivate team towards title: Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson w... 
Ciara shares throwback pic of herself right after giving birth: They are actually stills from her new video 'I... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
Man United linked with stunning £58m Bundesliga playmaker bid: Old Trafford side chase Wolfsburg star. Man Uni... 
Adaeze Yobo &amp; her babies head out on a pre-mother's day outing: Joseph Yobo's wife and former beauty queen, Ad... 
Going to US is like Jumping into Fire —Kashamu: Senator-elect and a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party ... 
Davido Features Meek Mill in New Music Video *PHOTOS*:    The video was shot last night in Houston, Texas by G... 
BTS photos from Davido &amp; Meek Mill's video shoot: Davido and  Meek Mill recently collaborated on music  togeth... 
Liverpool predicted XI against Chelsea: No place for Steven Gerrard in must win game for the Reds: Liverpool a... 
For the guys,  will you rock this jeans?:  Someone sent this photo and asked if it's OK for her boyfriend to w... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: The 74-year-old was admitted to the Albert Einstei... 
Prophet, wife, two children, landlady found dead: A 54-year-old Abia State-born Prophet, Onyenonachi Ihezuk­wu... 
Kim Kardashian West jets off to Brazil to promote her clothing line: The ever busy, Kim K was spotted in L.A. ... 
Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton take a stroll with Princess Charlotte: The Royals took... 
See what this man accused General Hospital, Gbagada of: He tweeted this yesterday morning. 
Crew collect first home win vs. Sounders:  
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
Arsenal yet to offer midfield star new contract, open the door to offers from Spain: Arsenal star Santi Cazorl... 
Oops!! UNILAG Girl Trending On Twitter. Guess Why? Her Nu*des Got Leaked By Her Boo [See Photo/video]: OoPs!! ... 
Protests in London over David Cameron's election win: Some left activists Saturday afternoon desecrated a war ... 
Photo: Ambulance on an emergency run runs out of fuel: The ambulance pictured above was reportedly heading for... 
Buhari reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors. Ha!: My hand no dey for this one o..lol. Saw it... 
Regina Askia's daughter, Stephanie, surivives ghastly car accident: Regina Askia Williams took to her Facebook... 
Liverpool boosted in chase for Ligue 1 star as PSG rule themselves out of transfer: Liverpool have had their c... 
Louis van Gaal optimistic over Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw injuries: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal put a p... 
Photos: Woman killed by stray bullet in Arepo, buried: Damilola Fajana, the 26 year old lawyer who was killed ... 
Photos: Rihanna hugs Drake as they party at a nightclub in New York: The ex-flames were spotted at the VIP Roo... 
SEE how Yahoo Boys are Using BVN to Scam Nigerians (Pictured): It’s unfortunate that the Fraud has become a c... 
Photos: Femi  &amp; Funke Kuti, Kate Henshaw, others party with Tunde &amp; Wunmi Obe at their mansion: Celebrity coup... 
The True Life Story of a Nigerian Sex Addict #Part 6: As Written by Olufemi Abbey...Featured on this blog ever... 
Arsene Wenger urges Theo Walcott to stay at Arsenal, hints at central role: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has ... 
Manchester United looking to nab Bayern Munich superstar after Guardiola bust-up: Louis van Gaal is looking to... 
Haba!!! Ladies What Kind Of Dressing Is This?: This picture is floating social media. This girl was allegedly ... 
Check out this cool video of the Smirnoff #Doubleside party. It rocked: Smirnoff Ice Double Black with Guarana... 
Spot the difference: featuring Pharrell: Can you spot them? Photo credit: TMZ 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid's La Liga title hopes wer... 
8 Year Old Boy from Ivory Coast Found in Suitcase at Spanish Border in Botched Smuggling Attempt: An 8-year-ol... 
Photos: Ben Murray-Bruce's son graduates from US University: Jared, one of the sons Silverbird Group chairman ... 
Aww...remember the couple who met on twitter and got engaged last year? They got married today: You guys remem... 
Kylie Jenner denies saying 'high as f***!*: The 17 year old took to Twitter to deny she said 'high as f***!' i... 
OMG! Man Caught Having Sex with a Goat in Ogun State *PHOTO*: The man in the photo has been identified as Akin... 
John Fashanu's wife, Abigail, attacked him with samurai sword his sister claims: The last has not been heard o... 
Lyon's title hopes suffer big blow vs. Caen; Bordeaux beat Nantes: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-... 
Akpororo storms the US for ELOGAIR 2015 Concert: Riding on his numerous successes back home and his popularity... 
Nigerian presidents must use only made in Nigeria Peugeot as official cars- Ben Murray Bruce: Chairman of Silv... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Omotola headlines "poverty is sexist" global campaign: Omotola has just returned from Johannesburg where she s... 
Barcelona to replace Manchester United transfer target with Europa League star: With Dani Alves linked with a ... 
Biu town in Borno currently under attack: Madthaw Village in Miringa District of Biu Local Government Area in ... 
Prem: Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Palace may not have been co... 
Photo: Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi pays Nasir El Rufai congratulatory visit:  Emir of Kano, Mahammadu Sanus... 
Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak sentenced To 3 years in prison in retrial on corruption charges: An Egyptian court on Sa... 
China orders Muslim shopkeepers to sell alcohol, cigarettes, to ‘weaken’ Islam: Muslim shops and restaurants i... 
Sunderland earn important victory:  
Psquare Hits the Studio with Tanzanian Artiste Diamond Platnumz:    The brothers who have had their own fair s... 
WHO Declares Liberia Ebola-Free: The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared Liberia Ebola-free, after co... 
Although you might be unable to keep your mind from wandering ... More for Aquarius 
We are harmless"@Rose_rrection: But I'm afraid of guys that don't drink"
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
President-Elect Muhammadu Buhari Spotted on Airport Shuttle – PHOTO: Muhammadu Buhari rides the airport shuttl... 
(Video) Crystal Palace 1-1 Manchester United: Puncheon wondergoal steals the show despite loss: Jason Puncheon... 
Photo of the day: Photo from the 2015 Lagos State CarnivalPhoto credit: Lukeshphoto 
More Trekking! Man Walks from Aba to Nsukka to Honour Enugu Governor-Elect: If you thought the trekking trend ... 
WHO Warns that Ebola May be Transmitted Sexually | Urges Survivors &amp; Their Partners to Seek Counselling: The W... 
Liberia declared Ebola free: The World Health Organization WHO has declared Liberia, one of the countries wors... 
Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu Buhari seen on airport shuttle bus:  Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu B... 
Karrueche Tran shows birthday TBT photo of her touching her friends 'behind' (Photo): Chris Brown's ex, Karrue... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
(Video) Horror Luke Shaw injury in Crystal Palace vs. Man United: Manchester United lead Crystal Palace 1-0 at... 
Nigerian Doctor &amp; Wife Arrested in the UK for Keeping Man as Slave for 24yrs!: According to the UK Daily Mail,... 
Ugochi Ukah: Factors That May Influence the Decision to Divorce – After Cheating: It is a common knowledge tha... 
(Video) Crystal Palace 0-1 Manchester United: Mata with penalty lead: Manchester United have taken the lead ag... 
Prem: Mata -- Man United goal (19'): ENGLISH PREMIER Juan Mata (19')  Crystal Palace 0-1 Manchester United 
Too Cute! Watch Ciara’s Upclose &amp; Personal Video for ‘I Got You’ Dedicated to Baby Future: There is no doubt t... 
Arsenal defender reveals win against Premier League rivals sparked recent good form: Arsenal defender Hector B... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
Hollywood Actress Mindy Kaling Talks Marriage &amp; Kids in InStyle’s June 2015 Issue: Mindy Kaling is the cover s... 
(Video) Hull City 0-1 Burnley Premier League highlights as relegated visitors put Steve Bruce’s men in danger:... 
WHO warns that Ebola might be transmitted sexually: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice... 
Prem: Diouf -- Stoke City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Mame Biram Diouf (86') Stoke City 3-0 Tottenham 
Yay or Nay? Toke Makinwa Takes a Tip from Kylie Jenner’s Style Book with Blue Hair: Media personality Toke Mak... 
Arsenal to table stunning £68m strike-pair bid: Emirates Stadium side chase two high-profile strikers. Arsenal... 
Photos: Atiku's son, Aliyu graduates from American University of Nigeria: Former VP Atiku Abubakar's son Aliyu... 
Beyonce Flaunts Extreme Huge ”B00b’s” in New Photos!: Beyonce is on  ‘slaying’ streak this week,She has just b... 
La Liga heavyweights edge ahead of Manchester United for star summer transfer (Video): La Liga heavyweights Va... 
Prem: Ayoze -- Newcastle goal (41'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Ayoze Perez (41') Newcastle 1-1 West Brom 
New Music: Harrysong – Ma Meh: As Harrysong prepares to drop an album, he shares a new track – teaser on what ... 
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho responds to yet another manager of the month award snub: Chelsea’s four-time Barcla... 
Curvy Nollywood Actress, Chizzy Causes Commotion With Her Big “UKWU” In NYSC Camp [PHOTOS]:   Bootylicious fas... 
Rumor has it...that a popular A-list artist will be a dad next month: I can't mention names because I no take ... 
Prem: Dawson heads one off the post (8'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Craig Dawson (8') Newcastle 0-0 West Brom 
BN Bridal: Boho-Chic ‘Brides &amp; Babies’ Rustic Shoot in Ghana!: Brides &amp; Babies is back! Aburi Gardens in Aburi... 
Manchester United legend backs Red Devils for fourth place: Manchester United legend Denis Irwin has backed th... 
Michael Schumacher's wife sells off his $40m private jet and holiday mansion as 'he won't use them again': Mic... 
OMG! Patience Ozokwor &amp; Onyeka Onwenu Cuss Out Each Other in Public!: This is according to ThisDay; The Presid... 
Prem: Defoe -- Sunderland goal (85'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jermaine Defoe goal (85') Everton 0-2 Sunderland 
Manchester United could sign flop Falcao for cut price fee: Manchester United could sign flop striker Radamel ... 
6 Best Ways To Beat Your Girlfriend/Wife Without Touching Her!: For some time now men have been seriously accu... 
Photo: Blogger Sisi Yemmie and husband welcome baby boy: Popular blogger Yemisi Aiyedun aka Sisi Yemmie, who m... 
Prem: Graham -- Sunderland goal (53'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Graham goal (53') Everton 0-1 Sunderland 
Manchester United to make second big signing in next couple of days: The Metro believe that Manchester United ... 
Hmm!!: Man Sets to Raise Sculptural Piece of Jonathan as a Mark of Hero in Otuoke (Photos): My name is Ezemagu... 
Nollywood Actor Robert Peters &amp; Wife Welcome Baby Boy – See Photos: Nollywood actor, Robert Peters has welcome... 
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo makes £5m donation to help Nepal: Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo has th... 
BN Beauty: Stop Mascara from Running &amp; Smudging with Helpful Tips from Jackie Aina | MakeupGameOnPoint: I don’... 
Chilling Facebook Confession of Father who Killed his Daughter, Wife &amp; Sister: According to US media reports, ... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
At C.O.D United, it is ladies first: When the C.O.D United Ladies team was set up only two years ago, the goal... 
Remember the 2 sisters I told y'all about yesterday? They are now in Kirikiri: Yesterday, I told y'all about t... 
Championship Playoff Live Stream : Watch Ipswich v Norwich Online from Portman Road: Its the East Anglian derb... 
Is there anything wrong with the way Rita Ora hugged Jay Z from behind?: Photo taken inside the Met Gala. Fans... 
What do you guys think of this post by actress Ronke Oshodi Oke: She posted this photo of a random guy she met... 
Photos: 8 year old boy found in suitcase at Spanish border: How can you risk your child's life this way? An 8-... 
What will You Do if the Lady You are Secretly Admiring on Twitter Tweets This?: Will You still want her?
Relat... 
“She created an extraordinary life…walking a path that did not exist” – Tracee Ellis Ross shares Why Mom, Dian... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
Pressure mounts on Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti as Zinedine Zidane gets UEFA Pro Licence: Real Madrid Cast... 
Buhari Supporters Organisation chairman in Delta state kidnapped: Buhari Supporters Organisation (Bso) Chairma... 
Artists from around the world given opportunity to 'Set The Stage' with Africa's biggest acts: After the succe... 
Amber Rose tries to take back what she said about Kanye. Blames it on alcohol: Amber Rose has a gag order not ... 
Louis van Gaal fines Manchester United stars for being a single minute late: Manchester United star Marouane F... 
Luis Enrique looks to exorcise the ghost of Real Sociedad in treble chase: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says... 
Sound Sultan finally gets his 2k retweets: The singer finally got his 2k retweets but not before Nigerians dra... 
Meek Mill celebrates birthday with Nicki Minaj in Hawaii (See Photos): Nicki Minaj and beau  Meek Mill visited... 
Etcetera doesn't think Dangote can afford to buy Arsenal football club: Dangote is worth about $15.7 billion a... 
Another Nigerian Arrested with Drugs in Thailand *PHOTO*: A 29-year-old Nigerian, Onyejiekwe Morgan Chinemerem... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Man City need to find another Lionel Messi: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insis... 
Boko Haram Leader Abubakar Shekau Reportedly Flees Nigeria: As the military deploys its special force units to... 
EUROPE’S TEAM OF THE YEAR By Agboola Iyanuoluwa 
Photo: Another Nigerian soldier dies: Lieutenant MI Musa was killed in action yesterday. May his soul rest in ... 
MC Galaxy Breakthrough Album Competition: Mc Galaxy has just released his new album breakthrough which is sold... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Everything that Fits! Enjoy the Ultimate Shopping Experience at The Mercado by Ilsa Aida: Do you need a place ... 
MESSY: Liz Anjorin Reacts to Reports that She Snatched Wese Peckham from Pregnant Wife: Recently, news went vi... 
SHAMEFUL VIDEO: Lady Indulge In Shameful Act With Random Guy Publicly: Watch shameful video below and share yo... 
Mariah Carey suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage: 45 year old Mariah Carey suffered an accidental wardrobe m... 
Will you rock Kendall Jenner's knee-high gladiator boots? (Photos): Kendall Jenner stepped out in these knee-h... 
Jose Mourinho insists he won’t sell Petr Cech to Arsenal: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has said that he will ... 
How True? Dangote Cannot Afford to Buy Arsenal Football Club – Etcetera: You have sold some shares and you’ve ... 
Woman finds out her Twins are born to different Dads: A woman in New Jersey only discovered that her twins hav... 
Top 12 Most Beautiful Cities in Nigeria! [PHOTOS]: Nigeria is a fascinating destination, blessed with amazing ... 
Cynthia Morgan &amp; Banky W Share a Kiss?:    Are they dating? Could it be a real kiss or just the camera angle? ... 
Man United target ‘flying to England to force through summer transfer’: The agent of Inter Milan goalkeeper Sa... 
This beautiful Girl collected 20k from a Guy to remove all her clothes at a Party [WATCH VIDEO]: Chai! Ladies ... 
Man United news: Memphis Depay is the new Cristiano Ronaldo, says former Dutch boss: Manchester United new boy... 
Manchester United predicted XI v Crystal Palace: Robin van Persie to lead attack with Rooney deployed in midfi... 
Buhari’s ministers, lawmakers to get N9bn housing, furniture allowance: Senators and members of the House of R... 
Manchester United bound star raises doubts over Angel Di Maria’s future at the club: New Manchester United sig... 
Madonna and daughter wore matching outfits to MET after party (photos): 56 year old Madonna wore leather hotpa... 
Miss Zimbabwe may lose crown over nude photo allegations: A year after her predecessor quit over a similar sca... 
Orlando City score two late goals to draw with New England Revolution: Aurelien Collin scored in the 90th minu... 
Khloe Kardashian shows off her hour glass shape (photo): Khloe shared this photo of herself working out in the... 
WATCH: Wondolowski's tidy finish: San Jose's Chris Wondolowski rounds Colorado goalkeeper Clint Irwin to slot ... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
So Sound Sultan asked for 2,000 retweets hours ago, see what tweeps are doing to him instead: Choi! Nigerians ... 
This Chris Brown home African intruder is crazy + alleged stalker formally charged with 3 felonies: Chris Brow... 
This week on twitter: 44 new followers, 41 new unfollowers  and followed 5 people via 
Banky W Caught Kissing Cynthia Morgan? [See Photo]: This is rather unbelievable but according to the picture b... 
Chelsea chasing Everton's 'defender of the future' John Stones: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses some of the s... 
Lol. Man steals jewelry at gunpoint but brings It back because it was fake: A Miami man, Daniel Sion Palmer, 2... 
Arsenal set to be disappointed, Mourinho doesn’t want transfer target leaving Chelsea: Chelsea manager Jose Mo... 
Meek Mill Celebrates His 28th Birthday With Nicki Minaj In Hawaii (Photos): Nicki Minaj and beau  Meek Mill vi... 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 
Is She the Most Beautiful Black Girl?  You Need to See These Photos: Miracle Watts is Drake‘s former BBW and H... 
Nigerians sef! Sound Sultan asked for 2,000 retweets hours ago, see what they are doing to him instead: Choi! ... 
(Video) The Best and Worst of Zlatan – Magic Assist and Terrifying Death Stare: Zlatan Ibrahimovic was one of ... 
Mourinho: Messi a difference-maker: With Lionel Messi on the verge of appearing in his fourth Champions League... 
5 Most Handsome Male Politicians In Nigeria [PHOTOS]: Unfortunately, Nigerian politics is filled with men who ... 
Femi Fani-Kayode thinks PDP NWC members should resign: Femi Fani-Kayode thinks the PDP National Working Commit... 
Coco Austin and her sister's Yoga moves are off the chain (photos): It's called AcroYoga and sometimes the sis... 
Louis van Gaal yet to convert Man United possession into points: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advoca... 
PayAttitude works with your phone to enable easy and convenient transactions: Nigeria’s top innovations compan... 
Jose Mourinho wants ‘one or two’ new Chelsea signings over the summer: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho thinks hi... 
OMG! What’s This Cab man Trying to do to This Nollywood Actress with Big B00ty?: The photo above shows actress... 
Nigerian man jailed for 2 years for driving into police officer in the UK: A 22 year old Nigerian man, Michael... 
Chris Brown's alleged stalker formally charged with 3 felonies: Chris Brown's stalker Amira Ayeb from Tunisia ... 
Allegri has instilled Champions League confidence at Juventus: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri was pleas... 
Manchester United: Van Gaal reveals text sent to Chelsea boss Mourinho: Manchester United manager Louis van Ga... 
World’s Oldest Man Dies At Age 151 In Anambra State [PHOTOS]: The world oldest man, Chief Gabriel Umeh Enemuo ... 
Zamfara Assembly investigates majority leader’s alleged fight with driver over woman: Zamfara House of Assembl... 
Pics: Buhari attends Jumaat Prayers at Mambila Mosque in Abuja: The president-elect attended Jumaat prayers at... 
Unbeatable CompTIA Exams promo!: New Horizons is the world's largest independent  IT and Business Skills Train... 
Beyonce's fans drag Serbian popstar so much, she begs them to stop: The Bey Hives  have been dragging Jelena K... 
Winifred Adebayo: Changing the Coloured World: I was at my dental appointment a few weeks ago. The dental assi... 
PSG six points clear behind Cavani hat-trick, Ibrahimovic brace: Paris St. Germain took a giant leap towards r... 
Liverpool could offload major flop, Serie A side interested: Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero would love to... 
Arsenal given hope in transfer battle for PSG star but face major competition: Arsenal have had their hopes of... 
Fayose asks Mu'azu to resign the way British LP, Liberal Democrats leaders' did: Press statement from Ekiti st... 
Manchester United outcast chased by Sevilla for summer transfer: Manchester United loanee Radamel Falcao is be... 
Prem: European, relegation battles continue: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advocaat as they face Ever... 
Toke Makinwa tries blue hair and stuns in it (photos): The media personality just unveiled her new blue hair. ... 
You have a secret weapon at your disposal today; you can tap t... More for Aquarius 
Arsenal &amp; Chelsea transfer blow in hunt for La Liga star: Jose Luis Gaya has signed a two-year contract extens... 
Bisi Alimi Celebrates 11yrs of Living with HIV!: Nigerian Gay right activist Bisi Alimi who happens to be the ... 
Arsenal outcast shock target for relegation-threatened Premier League duo: Lukas Podolski is set to return to ... 
@omojuwa #SMDis3 #IamMavin Mavin, Korede Bello, Don Jazzy
@omojuwa #SMDis3 #IamMavin Korede Bello - Godwin
Federal Civil Service to Undergo Re-Verification And Re-Validation of Credentials: All Federal Civil servants ... 
Championship Playoffs : Watch Brentford v Middlesbrough Live stream tonight: The Championship playoffs kickoff... 
Jose Mourinho could field a young Chelsea side in Gerrard farewell: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho credits Stev... 
Photo: Wizkid shares lovely new pic with Tania Omotayo: Nice looking couple! 
Kourtney Kardashian Talks Motherhood ‘Kim sticks to more neutral colors with North. With Penelope I put her in... 
Can Moyes do it again against Barcelona?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Tommy Smyth preview Real Sociedad's c... 
More Photos of The Woman Who Broke Into Chris Brown’s House: The woman who was arrested for breaking into and ... 
Ghana Movie Producers Release Another P0rn Movie: The first ever Ghanaian pó’ rnographic movie in 2007 sent sh... 
Most popular football clubs on social media: Manchester United 3rd, Liverpool 7th, La Liga giants 1st: A look ... 
Benin at War Over its Heritage!: That was the situation in 1897 when the British invaded the Benin Kingdom, an... 
Lol. Amber Rose comes for Kanye's neck, says he doesn't write his songs: Looks like Amber Rose is not done tak... 
New Discovery Shows Ebola Can Survive for Long Inside the Human Eye: Dr. Ian Crozier who became ill and later ... 
You're not a tested Christian until you have lived in the north - Pastor Adeboye: This twitter handle is conne... 
Kylie Jenner says she's 'high as f***' in new video as Tyga's grandma says she approves of their relationship:... 
Acress Ini Edo Dazzle Without Makeup [PHOTOS]: The popular actress decided to let her face breathe today. In h... 
Manchester United and Arsenal target admits he could move in the summer: PSG forward Edinson Cavani has admitt... 
There has never been a fight between me and Fashola - Bola Tinubu: Former Governor of Lagos state, Bola Tinubu... 
Mercy Johnson sets her sights on box office dominance: She's the sweet actress adored by many, from the film p... 
Photos: Khloe Kardashian gets cellulite lasered off her butt: When you have money, you can do whatever you lik... 
Lagos Residents Demand Provision of Public Toilets on Highways: Some residents of Lagos on Friday called on th... 
Sacha Kljestan has returned to MLS a veteran of Europe's bright lights: This week's episode of MLS Insider exp... 
Arsenal boss confirms contract talks are underway with England international: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger ha... 
Photos from Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede's burial: The Classic FM presenter died on Sunday May 3rd and was buried ... 
See The Picture That Got Chidinma Described As ‘Demonic African Princess’: After denying any romantic entangle... 
Fight for fourth: Five reasons Liverpool will pip Manchester United to Champions League spot: Three games to g... 
Photo: Nigeria's president-elect's convoy: Gen. Buhari's convoy as it made its way to the Defence House in Abu... 
Father &amp; Son in Arraigned at Ibadan Court for Allegedly Biting Off Neighbour’s Earlobe: A 65-year-old man, Joh... 
Jose Mourinho wanted Steven Gerrard at Real Madrid and Inter Milan: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho has said he tried ... 
Court suspends Salman Khan's 5-year prison sentence: A Bombay high court today suspended the five year prison ... 
Check out the 'Damilohun' video by Sly that everyone is talking about: Born and bred in Lagos, Sly is a versat... 
Zoning Formulas &amp; Our Polity - By Charly Boy: Article written by Charly Boy. Read below and share your thought... 
Ogun Court Remands 38 Year Old in Prison Over Alleged Rape of 8 Year Old Girl: An Ota Magistrates’ Court in Og... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: The ESPN FC crew debate which league can be... 
10 Most Expensive Luxury Real Estate Locations In Nigeria:   10. Ibara in Abeokuta (Ogun State) – 80 million n... 
Photos from the foiled bomb attack in Potiskum today: Some photos from the foiled bomb attack that occurred at... 
Tottenham prepared to accept £14m to sell key player to Chelsea: Tottenham Hotspur may accept bids in the regi... 
Photos: Pamela Anderson steps out without a bra: Want to get a little attention? Go out bra-less. Ms Anderson ... 
Footballer Adebayor Continues Family Dispute Saga: The footballer few minutes ago took to his instagram page t... 
Premier League, La Liga or another -- which league is harder to win?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but ... 
Take the Ultimate Leap in the Right Direction! Attend the 2015 Faith Conference at This Present House | May 11... 
True"@ERNALzz: Beautiful Nubia, ASA, 9ice, Lagbaja! These guys defined the music of today"
Graduate Disappears Immediatly After Collecting His B.Sc (Photo): A graduate of computer science, Valentine Je... 
Ladies! Will You Allow Your Man Do This On Your Wedding Day? (Photo):   I don’t see him doing anything. he’s j... 
Tonto Dikeh shares new photo with her man, Mr X: She's back to hiding his face...:-) 
Nasarawa State Governor Promises Corpers Automatic Jobs If They Marry Nasarawa Women: Gov.Tanko Al-Makura of N... 
Major UK fashion brand, New Look, now live &amp; exclusive on Jumia!: Fashion  trends come and go, but some Fashio... 
Late Classic FM OAP Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede buried: Late Classic FM 97.3 presenter Slyvester Ojigbede popular... 
I bet You People Didn't Know this About Coca Cola!:     Did you know that diet coke floats whilst normal coke ... 
Actor Femi Jacobs releases new promo pics as he turns a year older: One of Nollywood's most sought after actor... 
Nasri ruled out for Man City but Kompany and Toure return from injury: MANCHESTER -- Samir Nasri will miss the... 
Express Your Style with New Look | Live &amp; Exclusive on Jumia!: Fashion trends come and go, but some Fashion br... 
This Chris Brown home intruder is crazy sha! And she's African!: The crazy chic who broke into Chris Brown's h... 
Meet The 20yr Old Who Defeated an Incumbent In The UK Elections: Mhairi Black, A 20 yr old young student repre... 
PHOTOS: Nollywood Actors Ramsey Nouah &amp; Majid Michel “Fight” Dirty In London (SEE WHY): Guess their fans are i... 
Soccer Legend Pele Undergoes Prostate Surgery: Brazil legend Pele has just had another successful surgery for ... 
(Video) Why Liverpool should not sign Neto from Fiorentina: Liverpool have been linked to the signing of Fiore... 
Update from Nigeria Police on foiled bomb attack in Potiskum: Here is an update from the Nigerian police on  t... 
MLS Insider: The Atomic Ant: Toronto FC's diminutive forward Sebastian Giovinco brings a unique set of skills to MLS. 
UBA and MasterCard Reward Cardholder with Priceless Holiday Experience in Dubai:  UBA is known to offer freebi... 
Amazing story of how a mother re-united with the son she left behind in Boko Haram camp: Margaret, a mother of... 
Abuja Rail Projects: 'Continue from where i stopped' - Jonathan tells Buhari: President Goodluck Jonathan on T... 
Arsene Wenger has plenty to ponder amid doubts over Ramsey's fitness: Arsene Wenger says he is delighted with ... 
Manchester United injury news: Van Gaal reveals virus infecting squad: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaa... 
Ghanaian man dresses in a suit to sell water melon on the streets: Pictured above is Daniel Nartey, a Ghanaian... 
Unlawful detention of two sisters: Just got this sad email from a LIB reader. Things like this just make me so... 
Chelsea transfers: Five in, four out as Arsenal target makes way &amp; Premier League duo brought in: Chelsea look... 
Man United's Michael Carrick sidelined for remainder of campaign: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick... 
Brendan Rodgers Memphis Depay: Liverpool never wanted Man United-bound star, claims Reds boss: Liverpool manag... 
David Cameron Wins UK General Elections: The UK’s Prime Minister, David Cameron, will remain in office for ano... 
Jobberman Free CV Evaluation Continues.: Have you uploaded your CV for a free evaluation? You still have time.... 
Emmanuel Adebayor's sister fires back, calls him liar, says the family is done with him: Three days ago, footb... 
Photos: Meet General Buhari's beautiful daughter, Safina Buhari: Meet Safina Buhari, the beautiful daughter of... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge to miss start of next season after surgery: LIVERPOOL -- Liverpool manager Brenda... 
Flawless Bridal Beauty Looks with Joy Adenuga!: Joy Adenuga is a leading makeup artist in the UK! She has beau... 
Memphis Depay transfer excites Manchester United great: Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has backed the s... 
I know he's married, but that doesn't mean we can't look! (photos): Women, make una help me see better thing t... 
Photo: Some Nigerians forced out of Niger Republic arrive Nigeria: Photo above shows Nigerians arriving Giedam... 
Suicide bomber attacks College of Administrative Studies in Yobe: A suicide bomber and a group of men suspecte... 
LV Speedy vs Longchamp Pliage?: Dress like a future Queen or a Hollywood icon…and the best part is, you can ge... 
Arsene Wenger optimistic Theo Walcott will extend Arsenal deal: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger said he is confident T... 
South African man raped at gun point by 3 women so they could steal his sperm: A South Africa man has told how... 
Di Maria transfer: Bayern Munich line up shock bid for Manchester United star: Bayern Munich could make a surp... 
Benin at War Over its Heritage! The Highly Anticipated ‘Invasion 1897′ Now on DSTV BoxOffice: That was the sit... 
I haven't been with another woman since I met Toyin Lawani 4 years ago - Lord Triggs: Toyin Lawani's babydaddy... 
Sergio Aguero would rather win title with Man City than the Golden Boot: Sergio Aguero has set his sights on f... 
20yr old Mhairi Black wins British Paliarment seat, youngest MP in 300 years: Mhairi Black, 20 years and 238 d... 
Dr. Sid the Film Director! Watch His First Short Film Titled ‘Application’: Dr. Sid is definitely ready to mak... 
Liverpool join chase to sign Juventus midfielder in surprise swoop: Liverpool are said to be ready to rival Ch... 
'A loved one gone forever. How it feels!' late Toba Folade's sister Tolu shares experience: Toba Falode would ... 
Ivory Coast Bans all Forms of Bleaching Creams!: Whitening creams have been popular for years among young wome... 
Ademola Receives Full Tuition Scholarship From Sheffield Hallam University, UK. You Can Too!: Ademola is from ... 
Arsenal don’t need Manchester United winger, Arsene Wenger insists: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has spoken a... 
We wonder why Jonathan’s handover notes are not yet ready - APC: With barely 22 days to the May 28 handover da... 
All four Nigerians that contested for seats in UK parliament win: Four Nigerians who contested for various sea... 
D.C. United's Eddie Johnson to retire as MLS voids his contract - report: Major League Soccer has voided the c... 
Almost Here! Dr. Sid Shares Pretty Photo of Wife, Simi Osomo: We expect to hear the good news about Dr. Sid an... 
Arsenal injury news: Wenger expects Welbeck to miss Swansea game: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has provided a... 
Real Madrid join chase to sign want-away Manchester City star: Real Madrid have entered the running against th... 
Lol. Manny Pacquaio mocks Floyd Mayweather in new pic: Haha. Mayweather was arrested and jailed for domestic v... 
Photos: The handshake between Sen. Ndoma 30 years ago &amp; today: Left is Victor Ndoma Egba shaking hands with Ge... 
Manchester United top list of Premier League's greatest champions: FC TV's Craig Burley believes Jose Mourinho... 
Mercy Johnson Okojie Shares New Family Photos: Mercy Johnson is definitely glowing. The Nollywood actress and ... 
Photos: Truck currently burning on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway: A truck is currently burning on the Lagos-Ibadan E... 
University of Dundee Alumni Networking Event in Lagos: The University of Dundee invites you to the Sheraton Fo... 
The Relegation Scrap: Premier League battle going down to the wire: Newcastle manager John Carver makes it cle... 
Arsenal set to make opening offer of £25m to sign Southampton’s Morgan Schneiderlin: Arsenal are stepping up t... 
David Cameron Wins UK Election – See Results: David Cameron will be returned for a second term as the UK Prime... 
Arsenal Pogba hopes boosted as player’s agent against Real Madrid move: Juventus star Paul Pogba’s agent Mino ... 
Photos: Actor Jonah Hill gains massive weight for movie role: 31 year old actor, Jonah Hill was looking heavie... 
This headline on Bisi Alimi though...: Immigrant and HIV positive in once sentence. Looks to me like they don'... 
Wow! I almost forgot! Here are winners of last Monday's Giveaway: Just remembered this morning that I haven't ... 
Man City face surprise La Liga competition to sign Tottenham star: Atletico Madrid will rival Manchester City ... 
Memphis Depay joined United over Liverpool after Van Gaal talks - sources: Memphis Depay opted to join Manches... 
OMG: 28-year-old Lady Miraculously Escapes from Ritual Killers in Ogun State: The Ogun State Police Command ha... 
Businessman killed during police stop and search: Four policemen have been arrested in Lagos for mounting an i... 
Prophet Gets 7yrs in Prison for Running out of Court During Trial: Prophet Destiny Onwudinjo of Heaven Divine ... 
Anike Afolabi: Parents, Don’t Be Grumpy Guides: Children are natural ‘drillers’- Daddy, what is that? Mommy, w... 
Barcelona star Neymar hopes club sign Juventus’ Paul Pogba: Barcelona forward Neymar has reportedly called for... 
Patience Jonathan is now in Congo, Says Presidency: The President’s wife, Dame Patience Jonathan has not been ... 
Fuel Scarcity: We have 1.2bn litres of petrol in stock, says NNPC:  The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporatio... 
Mourinho new deal: Chelsea boss to demand signing of world class duo after contract extension: Chelsea manager... 
One in every 2 women of reproductive age suffer anaemia in Nigeria - NSN: Nigeria faces one of the largest bur... 
Santi Cazorla demands Arsenal signings this summer: In-form Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has urged manager... 
Dr Sid shares a photo of his glowing pregnant wife: Dr Sid shared this picture of his wife, Simi, at the parki... 
David Cameron wins election, gets to stay another 5 years: David Cameron is on course for an extraordinary  vi... 
Christina Milian finally confirms long-rumoured relationship with rapper Lil Wayne: Christina Milian has final... 
'We want to meet her': Kylie and Kendall Jenner tells dad Bruce, they are eager to get to know his female side... 
Twin sisters busted for stealing from stores using near-identical looks: Twin British sisters who repeatedly s... 
Sofia Vergara's frozen embryo battle gets nasty: Sofia looked stunning as she unveiled her star on the Walk of... 
Lol. Man robs bank and brags about it on Instagram: Dominyk Antonio AlfonsecaWonders shall never end, lol. A V... 
Bayern Munich after Felipe Anderson, Man United agree Memphis Depay deal: Bayern Munich fans have expressed th... 
PSG can't slip up vs. Guingamp as title defence hangs in balance: PSG head coach Laurent Blanc has praised his... 
Do You Know That Hollywood Celebs Dress More Scandalous Than Po rn Stars?  [SEE PHOTOS]: *Sigh*. A comparison ... 
W2W4: Friday's MLS games: The ESPN FC crew discuss the MLS games they're most looking forward to on Friday. 
(Video) Napoli 1-1 Dnipro Highlights: Benitez’s Europa League dreams on hold after home draw: Napoli let a one... 
Annie Idibia Shares Cute Pics Of Her Baby Girls: The nollywood actress and wife of 2face Idibia shared this ad... 
*Zooms in* "@OneIyanu: Thats @iam_rotana " @Cennamon_MKBS: Avi
Photos: Fayose, House of Reps members, others attend Omosode Igbinedion's birthday party: Omosede Igbinedion, ... 
Five Memphis Depay alternatives for Liverpool, with Arsenal’s English flyer: Liverpool have been beaten to the... 
Laura Nwabia: Natural Remedies For Gorgeous Eyes: The eyes play a very important role in the general compositi... 
Ooshey Lionel"@TheOnlybadhGuy: all the unilag babes dey boateng for me"
Very sorry"@obexxy_: We are sorry “@mz__kev: I dislike ppl dat feel lik dey r too brilliant arggghhhh”"
Defending champ Sevilla take 3-0 advantage in Europa League semifinal: Sevilla remain firmly on course to reta... 
Who wore it better? Lala Anthony vs Kim K: Lala Anthony stepped out in  this black maxi  skirt with cropped to... 
Arsenal boosted by the return of two key midfielders for Swansea game: Arsenal have been boosted by the news t... 
Unforseen forces"@obexxy_: From“@BassRozay: Sometimes when she curve you, means she tryna save you.”"
(Video) Sevilla 3-0 Fiorentina: Aleix Vidal stars with two goals in Europa League clash: Sevilla defeated Fior... 
Rough Naija Babe Exposes Herself Online [LOOK]: When you stay too long as a runs girl, you wont know when you ... 
Oba of Lagos threatens to expose those who worked against Buhari during elections: Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu... 
Highlights: Sevilla FC 3-0 Fiorentina: Sevilla beat Vincenzo Montella's side 3-0 thanks to a brace from Alexi ... 
Photo: 7,000 Nigerians forced out of Niger republic: 7,000 Nigerians who have been taking refuge in Lake Chad ... 
Manchester United target happy to leave for offer that pleases club and player: Manchester United target Kevin... 
Photos: Adam Levine attacked with powdered sugar at TV studio: Singer Adam Levine yesterday got blasted with p... 
Download Video: Olamide – Bobo: The boss of YBNL Nation Olamide a.k.a “Baddo” graces the screens with the visu... 
Bet9ja Player Wins 13 Million Naira From A Single N500 Bet: It probably sounds like a dream but its true. A Be... 
Photos: Mercy Johnson shares beautiful new photos of her family: The actress, her husband &amp; their two children... 
Download New Video: Olamide – Bobo:     DOWNLOAD HERE 
Photos: Catholic Bishops visit Pres. Jonathan: Catholic Bishops visit President Jonathan at the State House, t... 
You could be drawn into a complex drama today and there might ... More for Aquarius 
Corpers, run to Nasarawa state, the governor has an offer for y'all..lol: The Governor of Nasarawa state, Tank... 
WED Expo Presents The Wedding Show Live This Friday May 8th to Sunday 10th: It’s finally here! WED Expo presen... 
It's his job! Make-up artist brushes Beyonce's cleavage (photos): He must love his job! A make-up artist was p... 
Dame Patience Jonathan is Currently Chilling in Congo - Presidency Reveals:    The presidency in a statement i... 
Pep Guardiola failed at trying to beat Barcelona at their own game: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Dan Thomas ... 
Manchester United fans should be impressed by speed of Memphis Depay deal, claims respected journalist: Manche... 
Arsene Wenger reveals surprise candidate for ‘key Arsenal player’: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes the ... 
Photos: Pres. Jonathan inspects the Musa Yar'Adua Express road: Today May 7th, President Jonathan inspected th... 
Photos: Pres. Jonathan inspects the Abuja Rail Mass Transit Line: President Jonathan today May 7th inspected t... 
Depay joins Manchester United: Five big transfer deals we expect to happen next, including Liverpool striker s... 
U.S. names 20-man roster for U20 World Cup: #INSERT type:image caption:FC Dallas midfielder Kellyn Acosta was ... 
Borussia Dortmund and Schalke 04's Revierderby is a fierce regional rivalry: Highlights of Borussia Dortmund's... 
Do You Remember this #ThrowbackTrack? Listen to Magic System – “1er Gaou”: When this song comes on at parties,... 
Depay done deal: Best Premier League Dutchmen after Man United signing, featuring Arjen Robben &amp; Arsenal great... 
Girl brags about sleeping with Chris Brown the first day she met him (text messages): The lady above claimed s... 
Twitter blasts Brendan Rodgers as Liverpool miss out on Memphis Depay: ‘It’s getting beyond a joke now, someth... 
MUD Academy Annual PROMO Class…2015 Edition: The MUD Annual Two-Week Promo class is back! Go from beginners to... 
UK repatriates three Nigerian prisoners to Nigeria: The UK government earlier this year repatriated three Nige... 
Mix Diskerud adjusting to New York better than NYCFC is adjusting to MLS: NYCFC star Mix Diskerud took time to... 
Kanye West snubbed wife Kim on the Met Gala red carpet?: I saw the photos and they looked happy but some keen ... 
Man Who Killed And Ate Girlfriend’s Brain Claims he is Too Handsome To Kill (Photo): Mr Joseph Oberhansley, ha... 
Check out this baby photo of singer Sade Adu: The iconic British/Nigerian singer is 56 now. She was such a cut... 
Eldee: I am Still on the Music Scene: Lanre Dabiri, popularly known as “Eldee D Don’’, on Thursday debunked ru... 
Steven Gerrard's arrival will help MLS 'a lot,' says Orlando City's Kaka: Kaka is excited that MLS is gaining ... 
Manchester United and Chelsea transfer target told to rebel against Cristiano Ronaldo: Under fire Real Madrid ... 
If you want it, you can win it!: That’s right fashion lovers! Our friends at MRP are giving one lucky person t... 
Manchester United legend: ‘If LVG can’t save us, then no one can’: Manchester United legend Edwin van der Sar ... 
My goodness! Obsessed female fan breaks into Chris Brown's home: Chris Brown just took to instagram to say he ... 
‘You Sexy Thing’ Singer Errol Brown Passes Away at Age 71: Hot Chocolate lead singer Errol Brown has died at t... 
Photo: Theatre nurse abducted in Ekiti state: A theater nurse identified as Mrs Margaret Aladenika who works a... 
Serbian pop star tries to drag Beyonce ...after dragging Kim K: I was going to ignore this woman but let me ju... 
Carlisle: Examining expansion candidates:  
France Investigates Alleged Child Abuse by its Troops in Central Africa: Paris prosecutors said on Thursday, t... 
Come as a student, become a manager – HTMI (A Leading Hotel Management Institute In The World): HTMI Hotel and... 
Students, nursing mother crushed to death by trailer in Benue state: Eight people, including students and a nu... 
Chelsea ready £66.4m bid to sign world class attacking duo, including Man United target: Chelsea are working o... 
Women Who Bleach Have Body Odour - Media Personality Olisa Odibuah:        Media personality Olisa Adibuah has... 
18+ Photos Of Your Famous Celebrity, Neyo Lil Wayne, Drake, Rihanna And Many Others Makes It Rain At Strip Clu... 
Dubai banks closes accounts of Nigerians in the UAE: Saw that Dubai was trending in Nigeria and checked to see... 
Jide Kanni Is STILL Job Hunting? Watch Season 2 of Diary of the Frustrated Interview: In 2012, BellaNaija shar... 
Mario Gotze needs to grow up to succeed at Bayern - Beckenbauer: Bayern Munich honorary president Franz Becken... 
Manchester United to follow up Memphis Depay signing with another Dutch star: Manchester United look set to fo... 
Triple MG artist Tekno releases new promo photos: Made Men Music Group (Triple MG) singer, songwriter and inst... 
Mother of executed Australian drug trafficker writes emotional letter to Indonesia President: The mother of My... 
UI Students Protest Death Of Student Who Died After Health Centre Ignored Him: The students of the University ... 
Earn An Extra N100,000 or More Monthly in Nigeria: If you’ve ever wondered what it feels like to be your own b... 
Events This Weekend: It’s time for Events This Weekend. Browse through and see which events are happening arou... 
Man Utd legend says a Gareth Bale Chelsea transfer could bring spell of dominance: Real Madrid superstar Garet... 
Photos from Osas Ighodaro's bridal shower: Some photos from the bridal shower of Osas Ighodaro  in New York on... 
Have You Cried Because Of This Before?: Do you remember this plant? What Is It Called In Your Language? This i... 
(Images) Barcelona stars celebrate after Lionel Messi inspires Bayern Munich victory: Barcelona beat Bayern Mu... 
What happened to Kim K's figure? (Photo): She forgot to wear her waist trainer? She posted the pic on instagra... 
Spain's LFP plans legal action to block federation's proposed La Liga strike: The Spanish football league (LFP... 
Fayose replies Muazu on twitter: Earlier today, Adamu Muazu called out Governor Fayose on twitter over his rec... 
Pastor Arrested At Enugu Airport With Drugs: When God said he will start his judgement from the church some pe... 
@YesMyro Set To Drop New Single #Ngala:   Afro pop act, Myro, is definitely warming his way to hearts of music... 
Uber: We’re Slashing Prices by 20% - Get N5,000 off your first ride!: What Uber has just announced changes eve... 
(Video) Liverpool duo name Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho as the best in the world: Liverpool star Jose Enrique an... 
How An Igbo Woman Saved Buhari From Coup Plotters In 1984: Internationally acclaimed herbal practitioner, Mrs.... 
Dani Alves steals the show with outrageous Champions League outfit: With Bayern Munich in town for a razzle-da... 
Nigerian Doctor Facing Trial in the UK For Enslaving Man For 24 Yrs – See Photos: A west London court has hear... 
Supreme Court bars NASS from amending the constitition: Nigeria's Apex court, the Supreme court, has barred th... 
Photos: Woman rescued as she attempts suicide in Kenya: An unidentified Kenyan woman was rescued from River Ka... 
Manchester United confirm signing of Memphis Depay: Manchester United have beaten rivals Liverpool to the sign... 
Violence in Burundi leaves one dead as country protests president's 3rd term bid: Burundi's president Pierre N... 
Yaya Toure is 90% certain to leave Manchester City this summer - agent: Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure ... 
Mercy Aigbe-Gentry, Skales, Uti Nwachukwu &amp; Other Notable Faces at the Launch of Nexus Home Appliances First B... 
Fuel scarcity worsens in Nigeria: The fuel scarcity situation in Nigeria worsened yesterday, heightening the s... 
Jimi Agbaje will never be governor - Oba of Lagos maintains: Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu, says Jimi Agbaje who... 
Tottenham could trigger £9m release clause to sign Bundesliga striker: Tottenham Hotspur could look to trigger... 
Win big in the Homevida 2015 call for scripts competition!: Stand a chance to win a N100, 000 and have your wi... 
Lionel Messi shone again but Dani Alves reminded Barcelona of his worth: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique says the... 
Ivory Coast Bans Skin-Whitening Creams: Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams due to fears that they ca... 
Photos: When Hollywood celebs dress more scandalous than porn stars: *Sigh*. A  comparison between porn stars ... 
LOBATAN: Son of Nigeria Immigrations Boss Allegedly Defrauds Company, Escapes to Dubai: Habila Malgwi, the son... 
Obama to send high-powered delegation to Buhari’s inauguration: International interest in Nigeria’s political ... 
Pics: Meet the 4 Nigerians contesting for a seat in UK's Parliament: Four Nigerians will be contesting for a s... 
Chelsea rival Liverpool to sign Belgian international powerhouse: Chelsea will look to join the likes of Liver... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu comes for Gov. Fayose on twitter: Few days after Ekiti state Governor, Ayo Fayose ac... 
Lionel Messi 'brutal' as Barcelona batter Bayern - media: Moments of brilliance from Lionel Messi and Neymar d... 
Woman Beats Up Her Husband &amp; Stabs Him in the Butt for Cheating!: A woman has put her lover to shame when she ... 
Frankie &amp; Co., IamIsigo, Ejiro Amos Tafiri &amp; More Fashion Brands Shine in Grey Velvet’s Mid-Season Campaign: F... 
Dencia replies Kola Boof: Dencia replies Kola Boof after she told singer Azealia Banks not to buy her Whitenic... 
Opportunities and Placements Abound but do you’ve what it takes?: That’s the million dollar question on the li... 
Presidency breaks silence on Patience Jonathan's whereabout, says she is currently in Congo: In a bid to dowse... 
Liverpool favourites to sign Memphis Depay as Manchester United pull out: Liverpool look set to beat the likes... 
Manny Pacquiao Throws a Shade at Floyd Mayweather!: LMAO... This was subtle but deep! 
Gareth Bale's future remains with Real Madrid, says agent: Gareth Bale is determined to stay at Real Madrid an... 
Tina Knowles-Lawson Writes Heartfelt Open Letter to Beyoncé, Solange, and Kelly Rowland for Mother’s Day: Moth... 
Liverpool keen to sign exciting AC Milan forward to boost attack next season: Liverpool have set their sights ... 
Meek Mill put on blast by stripper, says he cheated on Nicki Minaj with her: See the comment from @Bossy-asshh... 
Kenyan Entrepreneur, Narendra Raval Covers Forbes Africa May 2015 Issue: For the May issue of Forbes Africa, t... 
Medhi Benatia: Bayern Munich can still eliminate Barcelona with 4-0 win: Bayern Munich defender Medhi Benatia ... 
Another Missing Person: Family and friends of 27 year old Valentine Olalekan  Jegede (pictured above) say he l... 
University of Ibadan students protest over death of fellow student: Students of the University of Ibadan (last... 
You can't stampede Jonathan out of office -Presidency to APC: The presidency has warned APC to stop trying to ... 
Manchester United close to signing £48.5m duo to kick off summer spending: Manchester United are reportedly cl... 
Kim K debunks the rumour that she banned selfies at her book event: Her reaction to the news that she weirdly ... 
Police: Okada Riders Protested in Lekki Because Residents No Longer Want them Around: On Wednesday, BN brought... 
Serial winner Mourinho puts Rodgers to shame with tactics and trophies: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer w... 
Job Vacancies at Alpha Femme You: Alpha Femme Youis the mother company from which several online stores have b... 
Photos: Police rescues 52 year old woman kidnapped in Lagos:  The Lagos state police command has rescued a 52 ... 
I’m Sorry, Uti Apologises To Jim Iyke Over Instagram Jokes: Actor, Model and Television presenter, Uti Nwachuk... 
Arsenal &amp; Manchester United battle Premier League rivals for £30m Bundesliga ace: Arsenal, Manchester United, ... 
Between Coming To America actress &amp; that dress Beyonce wore to Met Gala: If you've seen the classic movie 'Com... 
Uti Nwachukwu apologizes to Jim Iyke over comments he made about him on Jara: Uti Nwachukwu took to his instag... 
Gen Buhari orders security personnel attached to him to always obey traffic order: President elect, Gen. Buhar... 
Obey All Traffic Rules, Buhari Tells Escorts: President-elect, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, yesterday ordered all se... 
Jackson Martinez Arsenal: Gunners invited to bid for striker as Porto eye replacement: Porto striker Jackson M... 
Man stabbed to death by Generator repairer in Lagos: The Chief Security Officer of the God’s Own Estate in  Ij... 
Coventry University UK and Samsung Electronics West Africa Ltd Presents Job Recruitment Forum: Are you a gradu... 
RIP…Obi Asika’s Mom Passes Away: CEO of Storm Music, Obi Asika‘s mother passed away on Sunday. He recently too... 
The Cable tenders apology to Wole Soyinka over Igbo report: Online news portal The Cable has released a statem... 
BEWARE!  See Top 6 Cancer Causing Foods: Hopefully these are not the foods you obviously eat everyday, but her... 
Manchester United &amp; Chelsea in two-way fight to sign £80m Gareth Bale: Manchester United and Chelsea will have... 
Read Tina Knowles’ Touching Mother’s Day Letter to Beyonce, Solange, Kelly &amp; Angie: To celebrate Mother’s Day ... 
Presidency Urges APC to Stop Trying to Undermine GEJ’s Administration: The presidency on Wednesday warned APC ... 
Stop the press! J. Lo's curvaceuos body is banging: 45 year old Jennifer Lopez poured her hourglass curves int... 
FG not responsible for failure of states to pay salaries: The Federal Ministry of Finance said the Federal Gov... 
Arsenal face Serie A competition to sign cut-price Chelsea star: Arsenal could face competition from two Serie... 
LOBATAN: NDLEA Arrests Pastor with 1.978kg of Heroin: Operatives of National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLE... 
Nick Rimando penalty save earns Real Salt Lake draw with LA Galaxy: SANDY, Utah -- Nick Rimando saved a penalt... 
Organic &amp; Natural Skincare? Yes Please…: Ever walked into your regular beauty supply/ cosmetics store and real... 
Mom held hostage with 3 kids sneaks plea for help into online Pizza Order: A customer ordered a classic pie pi... 
10 Shocking Lies Nigerian Celebrities Have Told Their Fans: Foluke Daramola Barely four months after debunking... 
Premier League’s 5 highest penalty scorers this term, with Arsenal &amp; Chelsea aces: There are some top class pe... 
Highlights: Real Salt Lake 0-0 LA Galaxy: After a lengthy rain delay, Real Salt Lake took control of the game,... 
Chelsea join Arsenal in race for Spain international winger: Chelsea have joined Arsenal, Manchester United, a... 
Oh wow. Woman guesses Prince Williams and Kate Middleton's daughter's name 2 years before she's born: When the... 
Khloe Kardashian: Blonde Ambition (Photos): Khloe Kardashian spent over five hours in the Meche beauty parlor ... 
Toke Makinwa’s Vlog: Types of Women Out Here – Miss Independent &amp; The High Maintenance (Bad) Girls: A few week... 
We won't fail Nigerians says Buhari: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari yesterday, reassured Nigerians that the... 
Henry runs out of superlatives after Leo Messi's Barca-Bayern masterclass: Ex-Barcelona striker Thierry Henry ... 
Zac Effron and his naked butt: Remember actor Zac Effron showing off his butt in a nude underwear on a movie s... 
(Video) Contreras goal: Guarani 2-0 Corinthians – Paraguayans heading for the quarter finals: The Paraguayans ... 
Does Falcao have one more shot at Man United redemption?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno breaks down Ashley Young'... 
17 year old Kylie Jenner Admits to Getting Lip Injections in KUWTK Teasers | WATCH!: Kylie Jenner is finally s... 
Awww, Precious moments of Queen Elizabeth tending to her Great grand child-Princess Charlotte (photos): Queen ... 
Manchester United plot Hummels, Gundogan move, Pogba says no to PSG: Jurgen Klopp's departure from Dortmund ma... 
Cynthia Morgan dances from the Garage to a Junkyard – Watch her NEW Video ‘Come and Do’: Cynthia Morgan is bac... 
(Video) Santander goal: Guarani 1-0 Corinthians – Hosts take shock Copa Libertadores lead after keeper error: ... 
Kim Kardashian's BFF slams Amber Rose and Blac Chyna as 'Ghetto, street bullies': Kim Kardashian's BFF Jonatha... 
How They Scored: Messi's masterclass: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Dan Thomas break down how Lionel Messi wa... 
The sports world reacts to Messi's brilliance:  
Samuel Eddies aka SamX releases two Songs for Supporters: After attempting to break the internet (lol) as the ... 
13 ongoing transfer sagas and how they’ll end this summer, including Man United mega-bid, Arsenal midfielder s... 
Terrence Howard claims his ex-wife is threatening to leak pics of his eggplant: Empire star Terrence  Howard, ... 
The True Life Story of a Nigerian Sex Addict #Part 5: As Written by Olufemi Abbey...Read the Previous Episode ... 
Woman killed by her houseboy at her home in Enugu: A 59 year old grandmother and teacher from Ogwashi-Uku,  De... 
Pep Guardiola - Lionel Messi not only Barcelona player behind Bayern defeat: Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardio... 
Doktor Mofin is back! “Does your Boyfriend/Girlfriend need to know the details about ALL your past sexual esca... 
Woman files lawsuit against all homosexuals on earth on God's behalf: This is just too ridiculous, lol. Identi... 
Arsenal ready renewed bid for Sporting Lisbon midfielder: Arsenal are still interested in signing Sporting Lis... 
Photos of the alleged thief who steals car parts with a Hummer SUV: Yesterday, you read the story of a man acc... 
Pic of woman rescued from Sambisa Forest with her new-born baby: Photo shows a young lady who gave birth a day... 
Messi magic lifts Barca beyond Bayern: As the game wore on, it looked like Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich wou... 
The Forbes Five: Diddy tops Hip-Hop's Wealthiest Artists of 2015: Yesterday Forbes released it's list of the T... 
Twitter goes crazy for Lionel Messi after he demolishes Bayern Munich for Barcelona: Lionel Messi inspired Bar... 
House Boy Kills His Madam in Enugu, Hides Her Body for 4 Days!: A 59 year old grandmother was on Wednesday fou... 
Arsenal need a new captain - here's some potential options: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is delighted... 
PDP may be heading for its final burial - David Mark: Senate President David Mark says PDP may be heading for ... 
Uti Nwachukwu apologizes to Jim Iyke over comments he made about him on Jara: Uti Nwachukwu took to his instag... 
(Video) Neymar goal v Bayern Munich: Barcelona’s Brazilian finishes tie: Neymar completed Barcelona’s 3-0 rout... 
Kylie Jenner finally admits using lip injections: After denying it for over a year and claiming her lips were ... 
Late show wins it for Barca: Two goals from Lionel Messi and a third from Neymar gave Barcelona a semifinal fi... 
Spectranet rebrands, now allows data rollover on its network: Spectranet, Lagos-based internet service provide... 
Paulo Dybala future to be defined in 10-15 days, says Palermo president: The future of coveted forward Paulo D... 
D’banj has a new Video! Watch ‘Extraordinary’ #LookBeyondHerBody: D’banj debuted two new tracks, ‘Sextraordina... 
Twitter in awe of Manuel Neuer during Barcelona v Bayern Munich: Barcelona had a lightning start to their Cham... 
Cute photos: Kelly Rowland &amp; her son Titan star in new commercial: Kelly Rowland and her 6 months old son, Tit... 
Omawumi and her baby bump stun on the cover of TW magazine: The singer, who is expecting her second child with... 
You're eager to cut loose today but you don't want to do it al... More for Aquarius 
Photos: Bradley Cooper &amp; Cristiano Ronaldo's ex Irina Shayk spotted kissing: Actor Bradley Cooper, 40, and sup... 
Image: Dani Alves turns up to Barcelona v Bayern Munich in terrible outfit: Usually footballers turn up to big... 
Lagos Pastor Runs Away with Church's 10 Million Naira Church Loan!:        The police at Ejigbo have begun a m... 
Print everything from your phone or PC - to your location - for less from Print Magic: Print Magic, a multi-se... 
Busted! Bradley Cooper caught in PDA moment with super model Irina -Cristiano Ronaldo's ex: These 2 actor Brad... 
La Liga to be suspended by Spanish FA over government interference: The&amp;nbsp;Spanish Football Federation (RFEF... 
“I hope I’m having a boy – After this I’m locking up!” Omawumi Talks about her Pregnancy, Being a Mom &amp; New Wi... 
MUSIC VIDEO:- Watch &amp; Download Cynthia Morgan – Come And Do: A typical Cynthia Morgan piece, the energy-filled... 
World’s most 20 valuable clubs named by Forbes: Liverpool 8th, Manchester United 3rd: Manchester United, Arsen... 
BellaNaija Weddings presents #AsoEbiBella – Vol. 88: You’re all our #WCWs today, looking fab as always! For th... 
LMAO!  What is Wrong With This Photo?: This is funny… should be tagged my photo of the day…. lolThe post LMAO!... 
Arsenal legend pinpoints three signings that will bring them the title: Arsenal legend Martin Keown believes h... 
Real Madrid top list of most valuable clubs for third straight year - Forbes: Real Madrid have retained their ... 
Hehe! See what Peter Okoye said after Emmanuel Adebayor shared his Touching Story: This is what Peter Okoye sa... 
Photos: Floyd Mayweather goes to the club with his two girlfriends: Floyd Mayweather, who made about $180milli... 
Oh my! Check out this eggplant photos a LIB reader sent in!: A LIB reader just shared his eggplant with me. Ch... 
Will Packwood says he'll train with New England Revolution following release: Will Packwood is venturing into ... 
Photos: AY shows off inside his beautiful office decorated by his wife: Wow! That looks magnificent. The comed... 
BN Bargains: Get Casual Dresses for as Low as N3300 at Fasho &amp; 20% Discount off an Exclusive Cocktail Training... 
Photos: Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel land in London for movie premiere: Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel landed ... 
Photos: Actors Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel land in London for movie premiere: Ramsey Nouah and Majid Michel ... 
Liverpool target PSG star as ideal Steven Gerrard replacement: Parc des Princes midfielder on Anfield radar. L... 
DAMN! See What This Lady Shared on Facebook!:   Women on this blog, how true is this? 
Man Exposes ₦aked Photos Of A Married Woman He Had $ex With [SEE PHOTOS]: What is it with married people and s... 
Wow! When Romanian star was told her mother was about to die she replied coldly: "Call me when she's dead": Ac... 
WATCH ThreeSum’s Heated Chat about ‘The Nigerian Men we are Raising’ Article: It’s episode 5 of ThreeSum! The ... 
Fun All Day, Every Sunday! Photos from Grill At The Pent’s Exciting “High Definition” Edition: You know what y... 
New music: Chivibes - Your Smile: The highly anticipated official debut single from S.O.S-Entertainment Front ... 
(Image) Chelsea star Eden Hazard basks in the sun after clinching Premier League title: Chelsea were crowned P... 
Pics: Ministers applaud GEJ as he markes 5th year as Substantive President: Cabinet members this afternoon app... 
Lamar Odom had an affair with Kris Jenner?: This family can't be that crazy na. First they said Kendall had an... 
American jailed for a few minutes in Lagos court waiting cell for using phone: An American woman, Megan Chapma... 
Pics: Freeze Coolfm made brand ambassador for luxury car company: Daddy Freeze has been chosen as brand ambass... 
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas expresses relief at finally winning Premier League title: Chelsea playmaker C... 
IDL builds block of classrooms for its host community: As part of the Corporate Social Responsibility efforts ... 
Now...if we zoom into Rihanna's see-through top, there's a hickey :-): On Monday night, Rihanna stepped out br... 
2face Idibia, Fred Amata, Keppy Ekpeyong Bassey, Sani Danja &amp; More at the Newman Street Season 2 Launch in Lag... 
Osas Ighodaro stuns in white Toju Foyeh dress for her bridal shower: The TV star and former beauty queen whose... 
Crystal Palace join chase for QPR foward Charlie Austin: Eagles keen on Loftus Road ace. Crystal Palace boss A... 
Senate Passes “Violence Against Persons” Bill | Prohibits Female Circumcision &amp; More: The Senate has passed vi... 
Rihanna reportedly banned Rita Ora from her Met Gala after-party: Rihanna doesn't like Rita Ora and on Monday ... 
Photos: UNILAG Students Protest Over No Light, Water In Institution: UNILAG students this morning shut down th... 
More women and children freed from Sambisa Forest: 25 men and women have reportedly been rescued Sambisa fores... 
New contract for Jose Mourinho would spell long-term success for Chelsea: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer... 
Battle to The Grave: Woman Stabs The Corpse of Her Boyfriends Ex Inside Mortuary – See Photo: A woman is accus... 
Bayern Munich official discusses possible move for Chelsea ace Eden Hazard: Bayern Munich’s scout Daniel Van B... 
Smirnoff Guarana brings a night of epic #doubleside experiences to Lagos: 1st of May 2015 was a day that truly... 
Nigerians are Expecting too Much from me, I'm Nervous - General Buhari:      According to Punch Newspaper, Pre... 
Robert Mugabe comes for Nigeria and Kenya: The Zimbabwean president is quoted as saying "Don't be like Kenya a... 
OMG! What Would Be Your Reaction If You Caught Your Son Doing This? [Photo]: Crazy world with crazy people. Wh... 
Funmi Iyanda Appointed United Nations Gender Equality Champion: The United Nations has appointed media persona... 
Thomas Vermaelen ready for Barcelona debut after injury: Barcelona defender Thomas Vermaelen could finally mak... 
Between Davido And Mama Davido Restaurant (Photo): Award winning Nigerian artiste, Davido, recently shared a p... 
Osas Ighodaro’s Hot White Bridal Shower Look: The dates are set for Nollywood superstars Osas Ighodaro &amp; Gbenr... 
An email from a Redeemer's University student..:-): He insisted I share this on LIB..lol. Read below..."Hello ... 
Riot reported in Lekki: There is a riot currently going on in Lekki Phase I in Lagos . Motorcycle riders popul... 
Man United desperate to sign £36m La Liga centre-back: Old Trafford side chase South American tough tackler. M... 
Peter Okoye publicly supports Emmanuel Adebayor: Peter  Okoye has publicly shown support to his friend, footba... 
We will never get rid of Boko Haram – Wole Soyinka: Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka believes that Nigeria c... 
Did Blac Chyna just shade Kylie Jenner again?: It's hard to fight a teenager who is dating your ex but Blac Ch... 
Gareth Bale's agent hits back at Roy Keane over criticism after Madrid loss: Gareth Bale's agent has hit back ... 
Bale latest: Real Madrid winger’s agent blasts Premier League return rumours: Gareth Bale, who has been linked... 
The Concept Group Unveils New Career Website for Job Seekers:  The Concept Group Nigeria launches its first ev... 
OMG: Baby Totally Disfigured after Boko Haram Attack – See Photos of Burnt Face and Eye:   Twitter user Aruwa ... 
Photos: Trailer falls on SUV, Bus, Keke Napep in Lagos: A trailer carrying a container fell on a bus,  an X-Te... 
Bollywood star Salman Khan sentenced to five years in jail for 2012 hit-and-run: Popular Bollywood star Salman... 
Offensive or Simply Experimental! Watch the Video of White Guys Trying Out Nigerian Food: You gotta love the I... 
Cristiano Ronaldo’s former WAG Irina Shayk spotted “making out” with Hollywood hunk Bradley Cooper: Cristiano ... 
Floyd Mayweather pictured for the 1st time since fight with Pacquiao: Here's the first photo of Floyd Mayweath... 
Paris St-Germain and Lyon in thrilling Ligue 1 title battle as season climaxes: Paris St-Germain have edged cl... 
Peter Okoye reaches Out to Emmanuel Adebayo over Family Drama, Says ‘You owe no one. Your family should be pro... 
Yay! Senate passes bill to criminalize female genital mutilation: The Nigerian Senate on Tuesday, passed Viole... 
RGU welcoming students who have interest in studying engineering courses for September Intake 2015: The follow... 
Throwback pic of Buhari when he was decorated as a Major General: Here's a throwback photo of president-elect,... 
Manny Pacquaio faces fines, suspension for not reporting shoulder injury: Above is a photo of Manny Pacquaio j... 
Chelsea boss targets Real Madrid defensive duo as part of summer transfer window plans: Stamford Bridge side c... 
Ex-Mint boss appeals extradition order: A Former Managing Director of Nigeria Security Minting and Printing Co... 
Lionel Messi backs La Liga strike action against TV revenue deal: Barcelona star Lionel Messi has offered his ... 
8 more Nigerians to face execution in Indonesia - Diaspora group: 8 more Nigerians are reportedly waiting to b... 
Wole Soyinka Says He Never Made Derogatory Remarks about Igbo People: Wole Soyinka has refuted reports circula... 
Chelsea intervene as target postpones contract talks: Chelsea have reportedly offered €30m for Inter Milan str... 
Funmi Iyanda appointed one of UN women gender equality champion: Media personality Funmi Iyanda has been appoi... 
Photo: 19 year old internet scammer arraigned by EFCC: Read the EFCC press statement below...A 19-year-old sus... 
"No Capital? No Worries!": How long will you sit at home, waiting for handouts from friends and family? Why sh... 
Photo: Physically Challenged Man Starts Trek For Buhari: A 30-year old physically challenged man, Ibrahim Musa... 
Biko, who is finer? Tina Knowles vs Kris Jenner: People around me are just arguing. Some think Kris is more be... 
Photos: Students find freshly dug grave in their classroom in Edo: There was chaos at Iguodala Primary School ... 
FAB x 2! Zina Anumudu &amp; Dodos Uvieghara are Stylish Bloggers in MAJU’s “Rinnovo” Collection Edit: We just love... 
Gundogan latest: Arsenal and Manchester United target wants summer transfer, confirms Borussia Dortmund sporti... 
Soyinka denies blasting the Igbos, says whoever believes he did is a moron: Professor Wole Soyinka has release... 
If You Can Solve This Riddle, You’re The Smartest Person On The Internet: If You Can Solve This Riddle, You’re... 
Four men who beat Afghan woman to death sentenced to death: Remember the Afghan woman, Farkhunda, who was beat... 
Jonathan appoints Gbenga Daniel, Abacha’s aide varsities council chairmen: President Goodluck Jonathan has ann... 
Real Madrid escape beating at Juventus with hope of progress - media: Carlos Tevez's second half penalty prove... 
Adorable! Kelly Rowland and Son Titan are Super Cute in New TVC for Dreft: We can’t get enough of music star K... 
Photos from the Thrilling Wedding of Oyinade and Oloruntoba Ola: The wedding between Oyinade Ademola and Oloru... 
Newcastle United &amp; West Ham prepare summer moves for David Moyes: Former Man United and Everton manager set fo... 
Mayweather’s last Fight Will Be Against Me – Bash Ali:     Renowned Nigerian Boxer, Bash Ali, has shaken the b... 
Nigerian Men Ranked 8th Sexiest Men in the World...: A survey by 
Tribunal Gives Agbaje Go Ahead To Inspect Election Material: After losing Lagos State Governorship election on... 
Tee Mac returns N5.6billion PMAN property in his possession: Former PMAN president, Dr. Tee Mac Omatshola Isel... 
Buhari Lauds Journalist Tunde Thompson Whom He Jailed 31 Years Ago: President-elect Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesda... 
What do you guys think of this?: Please share your thoughts... 
Nigerian men named 8th Sexiest Men in the World: Nigerian men have been named the 8th Sexiest Men in the World... 
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho agrees new £42m contract: Stamford Bridge manager to be rewarded for Premier League... 
Photos: UNILAG students protest this monring, block school gate: The students of University of Lagos are prote... 
Abortion Can Lead To Cancer, FACH President Says: The Foundation for Africa Cultural Heritage (FACH) president... 
MUST READ!! Na*ked women protests terror, thugs brutality in Lagos [PHOTOS]: If care is not taken, the trouble... 
Gareth Bale gave Madrid 'absolutely nothing' at Juventus - Roy Keane: Gareth Bale's anonymous performance mean... 
Pres. Jonathan Approves Appointment of New Executive Secretary for Petroleum Equalization Fund: President Good... 
Everton fear losing Aaron Lennon thanks to £10m price tag: Everton are worried that Tottenham’s insistence to ... 
I have evidence PDP chairman secretly worked for APC – Fayose: The Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose, on Tuesda... 
40 migrants drown in latest Mediterranean accident: 40 migrants, mostly Africans and Syrians, drowned after a ... 
I live in Ikoyi – Tenant Ola, I live in Lekki – Landlord Mike: This is the story of two close friends; both of... 
Miss ZIMBABWE Nu de PICS LEAKED By Her Boyfriend [PHOTOS]: BARELY two weeks after being crowned Miss World Zim... 
Emmanuel Adebayor opens up about His Family Drama: ‘I am still alive and they have already shared all my goods... 
Liverpool set to seal deal to sign Portuguese wonder kid Paulinho: Liverpool are said to be close to completin... 
Kim Kardashian bans selfies at her book signing: 34-year-old enterpreneur, Kim Kardashian had a book signing a... 
Graphic photos: Baby badly burnt after Boko Haram attack: Here's  a photo of a baby badly burnt after his home... 
Oh wow! Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor comes for his family in new Facebook post: This juicy, y'all need to read... 
Man United target Nathaniel Clyne says he wants to stay at Southampton: Southampton full-back Nathaniel Clyne ... 
Buhari meets with a journalist he jailed when he was a military leader: President-elect Gen Buhari met with Mr... 
Finding Myself: Article not written by me but it's quite interesting. Read below...Finding myself at 30, at le... 
Dozens of Migrants Feared Dead as Boat Deflates on Mediterranean Sea: Dozens of migrants are feared dead after... 
Heartbroken Tiger Woods bares his soul about his split with Lindsey Vonn and says he can't sleep: Tiger Woods ... 
Man United set to seal shock striker move from under noses of Premier League rivals: Manchester United are bel... 
Banky W, Painting, Gifts &amp; Games! Mide’s Gorgeous Garden Bridal Shower: It’s another edition of BN Bridal Show... 
Whitenicious drama featuring Azealia Banks and Kola Boof: American rapper, Azealia Banks took to her twitter p... 
Watch ‘It Happened To Me’ – An Awareness Film About HIV/AIDS by Chris Ihidero &amp; UNESCO: Original, entertaining... 
Chris Brown assault case dropped: A man who said he was punched by singer Chris Brown during an early morning ... 
Xenophobia: Senator Majority leader begs Jonathan to reconsider the suspension of Perm Secretary: Deputy Senat... 
Chibok Girls: Group advocates passage of Violence Against Persons Prohibition Bill: The Choice4Life Advocates,... 
Lagos spends N535m as WAEC registration fees: This is great news, kudos to the Lagos State Government.The Lago... 
FG borrows N473bn to pay salaries, overheads and other expenditure, says Okonjo-Iweala: The Minister of Financ... 
Highlights: Houston 0-1 San Jose: The Houston Dynamo could not capitalise on their chances at BBVA Compass Sta... 
Axis: Morata's excellent movement: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Craig Burley break down Alvaro Morata's goal a... 
(Video) Morelo Goal: Estudiantes 2-1 Santa Fe – Colombians grab vital away goal: Santa Fe have pulled a goal b... 
(Video) Carrillo Goal: Estudiantes 2-0 Santa Fe – Hosts take commanding first half lead: Estudiantes are now 2... 
Emmanuel Adebayor opens up about his complicated personal life: Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor has given ... 
Ramos and Carvajal miscues hand advantage to Juventus: Our football gurus discuss whether or not Carlo Ancelot... 
Sound Sultan writes on his friendship with 2face Idibia: These two have been BFFs for years. Sound Sultan shar... 
Win ₦100k from Danagog by posting your Koba dance on instagram: Few Days ago - HKN music's emerging music star... 
How They Scored: Real's vital away goal: ESPN FC's Dan Thomas and Alejandro Moreno delve deeper into Real Madr... 
Liverpool target Barcelona trio as Brendan Rodgers looks to strengthen Anfield squad: Anfield side plot Nou Ca... 
Nigerian Woman Gives Birth in a Refugee Boat Headed for Italy *PHOTOS*: A pregnant Nigerian woman among the 6,... 
Not Again!  Cynthia Morgan Shares Interesting Photos Of Her Lovely B00bs On Instagram: The fast rising Ragga/R... 
See Wizkid and Tania Omotayo Date Photo That Will Make Your Night [SEE PHOTO]: Wizkid just shared a photo of h... 
Barcelona Bender: Guardiola's return: ESPN FC's Alison Bender previews Pep Guardiola's return to Barcelona, wh... 
“Tevez won that game” – Juventus 2-1 Real Madrid: Twitter reacts to Champions League semi-final clash: Juventu... 
Wizkid &amp; Chris Brown Enjoy FaceTime Together as Chris Clocks 26 [See Screenshot]: Today May 5th is the 26th bi... 
WATCH: Ronaldo cam against Juventus: Watch Cristiano Ronaldo's finest moments in Real Madrid's first-leg defea... 
Mu’azu sold PDP to APC, I have cogent evidence - Fayose says: Ekiti state Governor Ayo Fayose says he has evid... 
Top 10 best young defenders in Europe: Man United star is the best according to study: There is perhaps a surp... 
Photo: An unidentified man drowns at the river in Ubu Osigbo: I will let the LIB reader who sent in the story ... 
Lawsuit filed against Manny Pacquiao for not reporting shoulder injury before Vegas fight: Lol. Some people ar... 
Igbos vote based on their stomach, they suffer from incurable money mindedness- Wole Soyinka: Nobel Laureate W... 
Newcastle United &amp; Southampton in battle to sign £8m Dutch goal machine: St James’ Park &amp; St Mary’s outfits ch... 
Photos: Meet another trekker who trekked to go meet governor of Jigawa: This is becoming embarrassing! Lol. Mu... 
Tizeti (
Play of the day: Ronaldo's crucial header: Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo kept his team firmly in the tie wit... 
Photos: Nigerian youths meet with Buhari in Abuja: Social media activist Japheth Omojuwa, Future Awards co-fou... 
Charlie Hebdo to be honored in New York under tight security: The French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo, targe... 
Graphic pics: Passengers in a commercial bus badly burnt after fuel stored in the bus explodes: Passengers in ... 
Liverpool should use Europa League as platform for club's youngsters: Former Liverpool chief executive Rick Pa... 
Chris Brown denies Vegas basketball brawl, explains what happened: Yesterday, the Las Vegas police department ... 
Nigerian Lady Becomes a top Member of ISIS *PHOTO*:      A Nigerian Woman by the name Khadijah Dare has become... 
Liverpool linked with move for £15m rated Stoke City star: Anfield side keen on Britannia Stadium goalie. Live... 
Someone could be trying to support your efforts from behind th... More for Aquarius 
Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich must attack Barcelona to beat them: Pep Guardiola insisted he was "here to wi... 
Grace Family International church presents 'Manifestation of the Sons of God' event: Grace Family Internationa... 
Photo: Nigerian woman amongst rescued immigrants gives birth on one of the boats: Over the weekend and on Mond... 
Hoodlums at Ijora! Please be careful people!: A few LIB readers have sent emails to me asking me to alert peop... 
Photos from the accident at Oshodi this afternoon: This accident happened this afternoon in the Oshodi area of... 
LIVE Boot Room chat: Champions Lge:  
Nigerian Stylist &amp; Designer Ugo Mozie teams up with Jewelry Maker Frank Wilder for Native-themed “Eagle” Colle... 
Help me ask them o"@ebuka_akara: Which one is ungrateful Morata? Which club credits his account now?"
What impact has Luis Enrique had on Barca?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Janusz Michallik examine the effect... 
Lize Shola Okoh: Riding a Bicycle For the First Time: After all this time, I still remember the day I first le... 
(Image) Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge provides hip surgery update via latest instagram post: Anfield man ... 
Rihanna Exposes Her N!pples As She Steps Out Without Bra in Completely Sheer Met Gala 2015 After Party Look [P... 
Jose Mourinho in line for new Chelsea contract after winning title: Jose Mourinho is to be rewarded for guidin... 
Fun Photos at the 2015 MET Gala After-Party with Rihanna, Kerry Washington, Kylie Jenner, Naomi Campbell &amp; Mor... 
(Video) This back-heel volleyed pass from Arsenal star Mesut Ozil is a thing of real beauty!: Outstanding. REA... 
Liverpool linked with surprise move for in-form AC Milan attacker: Anfield side chase Serie A forward. Liverpo... 
Beyoncé fans...your queen also copied! *wink* (photos): Beyoncé's fans have been attacking Kim K for saying th... 
Shake off your troubles, help is just a phone call away: Your inspirational, prayer song, set in a Jazzy style... 
Lol. What is empirical evidence and why is it trending on Nigerian twitter?: So the word empirical evidence is... 
Patoranking Flaunts a Suitcase full of Dollars...:   Frim roadside rat poison seller to one of Nigeria's top A... 
Photos: 15yr old girl abducted by Boko Haram reunites with family: A 15 year old girl who is among the over 70... 
Wizkid shares FaceTime screenshot with Chris Brown: Wizkid chatted with Chris Breezy through FaceTime to wish ... 
Photos: Which couple owned the night at last night's Met Gala?: Gabrielle Union and husband Dwyane Wade, Diddy... 
Arsenal: Africa’s richest man wants to buy club: Aliko Dangote, the richest man in Africa, has reaffirmed his ... 
Meet The First Nigerian Female ISIS Terrorist [See Photos]: She was among the first Britons to join the terror... 
Patoranking Flaunts Stacks of Dollars Online...:    Rich and showing off. The artist who recently revealed he ... 
Seeking admission into a top Overseas University or College ?: Are you seeking admission into a top Overseas U... 
FG downgrades Asaba airport, declares it unsafe for travelers: The Federal government has downgraded and decla... 
Ex-Falcon Footballer Chified Says ‘I WILL NEVER allow what I wear define me as a WOMAN’: Ex-Falcon footballer ... 
Photo: Woman bites employees ear over salary in Lagos: An Ejigbo Magistrate court has ordered the arrest of  a... 
Diddy explains how making love with Cassie inspired his racy 3AM ad: Diddy's new racy fragrance ad has been de... 
Neville names side ‘most likely to challenge Chelsea’ next season…and it’s not Man United: Manchester United g... 
Pres Jonathan appoints new executive secretaries for PEF &amp; NCDMB: State House Press statement below...Presiden... 
Download Void and Get Paid: Is there an application on your phone right now that gives you monetary reward or ... 
Photo: Thief who steals car parts with a Hummer 2 SUV caught: Strange story a LIB reader sent to me. Apparentl... 
Lionel Messi voted ESPN FC Player of the Month for April: Barcelona trio Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar ... 
Eniola Badmus Lands New Endorsement as ACTV Brand Ambassador: Nollywood actress Eniola Badmus has landed an en... 
Photos: Tyga takes Kylie Jenner to Met Gala after-party: She didn't attend the Met Gala because she's underage... 
Photos: Anyaoku Leads PAC Members To Bid Jonathan Farewell: A former Secretary-General of the Commonwealth, Ch... 
Jack Wilshere should look to emulate Aaron Ramsey's Arsenal career: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer discu... 
We <BLACK HEART SUIT> Their Love! Check out Osas Ighodaro &amp; Gbenro Ajibade’s ‘Save the Date’ Card: We’ve been super excited abo... 
Liverpool and Everton set to compete for keeper: Liverpool and Everton are set to go head-to-head in the trans... 
G-Unit member's girlfriend claims he beat her, releases photos of her battered face: Beauty queen (Miss Globe ... 
Freebies &amp; Job opportunities at Koga Entertainment: Koga Entertainment which is the mother &amp; umbrella body to ... 
10 persons remanded in prison over Ejigbo pepper sodomy: 10 persons who were arrested in connection with the E... 
If we zoom into Beyonce's Met dress...it's a little scandalous (pics): Beyonce wore a see-through Givency dres... 
10 Disgusting Things Girls Do When A Guy Says ‘I Dont Have Money To Give You’: No time to check to time. 1.She... 
Saudi Arabia Executes 5 Foreigners from Chad, Eritrea, Sudan &amp; Yemen for Murder &amp; Armed Robbery: Saudi Arabian... 
Transfer news: London club keen on €8 million Brazilian Serie A striker: According to La Gazzetta dello Sport,... 
Dangote Indicate Interest to Buy Arsenal...: Nigerian Billionaire and Africa’s richest man Alhaji Aliko Dangot... 
Photos: APC Governors meet with Buhari in Abuja: APC Governors and governor-elects paid a visit to president-e... 
Beating Pep could shape Barcelona future:  
Osas Ighodaro &amp; Gbenga Ajibade pick June 20th &amp; July 4th for their wedding: Tinsel co-stars Osas Ighodaro and ... 
Connect with your Customers for Free on 
Brazil legend and seven players who were dumped by Mourinho: including Real Madrid icon and Chelsea reject: Jo... 
Photos: Rihanna suffers nip-slip as she goes braless in sheer top: Rihanna suffered major nip-slip as she went... 
21 Struggles Every Big-B00bed Female Goes Through While On Her Period: Having big bo obs is a blessing — and a... 
Samsung Galaxy S6 edge &amp; Galaxy S6 duos: Intelligent cameras, supreme performance: Samsung Electronics West Af... 
I Didn’t Relocate To Ibadan For Political Reasons, Saheed Balogun Clears The Air: Veteran actor, Saheed Balogu... 
Photos: Presidential Advisory committee hold valedictory session for GEJ: Members of the Presidential Advisory... 
Michael Carrick's absence hurts Man Utd as midfield depth is exposed: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol does not feel Live... 
Impeached Ondo Deputy Gov. Olanusi Appointed Member of APC Board of Trustees: Impeached Ondo State deputy gove... 
Photos from gospel artist Solomon Lange's wedding: Popular gospel act Solomon Lange married his woman Florence... 
Dybala latest: forward wants Champions League, Chelsea and PSG on alert: Palermo attacker Paulo Dybala has adm... 
I Bleached Because 80% of Nigerian Men Prefer Fair Women - Actress Susan Maxwell:       Upcoming Yoruba actres... 
Manny Pacquiao to undergo shoulder surgery, may be out for ’12 months’: Manny Pacquiao’s camp accused the Neva... 
Halima Abubakar Looking Sexy At Silvebird Man Of The Year Award [PHOTOS]: The talented Nollywood actress was l... 
Aliko Dangote says he's keen on buying Arsenal football club: Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote says he is s... 
Robert Pattinson's 'fiancee' wears erotic dress featuring an eggplant to Met Gala: Robert Pattinson, 28 and hi... 
Aliko Dangote: Five things to know about Nigerian keen on Arsenal: Aliko Dangote could become the first Africa... 
Stand a Chance to Win N100,000 in The Homevida 2015 Call For Scripts Competition: Get to win a N100, 000 and h... 
New Video: Sammy Davids - Banger:  Sammy Davids new Banger Video +Audio Prod by McVance. Enjoy 
Cross Cultural Marriage: Interesting tweets by white lady married to a Nigerian: Interesting tweets on #CrossC... 
Signing star attacker would make Chelsea dominate the Premier League, says Gary Neville: Former Manchester Uni... 
Monaco coach and Argentine legend snubbed in Ligue 1 Manager of the Year shortlist: Olympique de Marseille coa... 
Battle of the butts: Kim Kardashian vs J Lo at Met Gala: The reality star (left) and the singer/actress (right... 
Don’t remove fuel subsidy, students warn Buhari: The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), Monday,... 
Photo: Comedian Basketmouth 'treks' to congratulate president-elect: Lol.  
Tottenham stasis needs to change, but will Pochettino be given freedom?: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino... 
Graphic pic of Policeman who killed himself, his colleague &amp; the girl they were fighting over: Remember the st... 
Have you Got Cooking Skills? Register to Audition in Knorr Taste Quest Season 3 | Grand Prize of N5 Million to... 
Player Comparison: Cesc Fabregas vs. Chelsea target Andrea Pirlo: Chelsea have been linked with a summer move ... 
Get up 70% discount @the largest youth Expo Bonmarche Fairstival: Imagine getting up to 70% on all the items o... 
More hot red carpet looks from Met Gala..check out Solange's dress: The biggest fashion red carpet event of th... 
Do You Eat Suya? Here Are Reasons Why You Should Stop!!!: Suya as it is being made and sold in many places sho... 
Smirnoff Ice Guarana Launches with Grand #Doubleside Party!: If you were present at the launch of the Smirnoff... 
Brazil captain names his dream team: ex-Chelsea man and Man United flop included, Neymar, Messi snubbed: Thiag... 
Photos: Customized Ankara car spotted in Bayelsa:  This sports car covered in Ankara fabric was spotted in Yen... 
Juve-Real Madrid; Barcelona-Bayern: Champions League predicted XIs: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
Africa’s Richest Man – $15bn Aliko Dangote wants to buy Arsenal FC: The 58-year-old, Africa’s richest man, fai... 
Exclusive pics: Innoson shows off their made-in-Nigeria SUV worth N5.6m: Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing company... 
John Terry urges Chelsea to give legendary striker new contract: Chelsea captain John Terry has told the Blues... 
Even with my ill-health, I haven't outrightly stopped drinking, smoking or womanizing - actor Olumide Bakare: ... 
Fashola Encourages Low-Key Handover Ceremonies: The Governor of Lagos State, Babatunde Raji Fashola has urged ... 
Kim Kardashian steps out without bra or panties.. (See Photos): Yh, I know we all have seen her bare body coun... 
Sergio Ramos in midfield provides stability for Real Madrid, Pepe says: Real Madrid defender Pepe says his usu... 
PHOTO OF THE DAY: Barack Obama Must Be A Jealous Husband (SEE PHOTO): What do you think is wrong?The post PHOT... 
Juventus lining up midfield general as potential replacement for Man United target: Juventus are believed to r... 
Just Like a Mother’s Love: Continue to read...Like a mother’s love for her child, your love for your body shou... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader dies: Darasimi Amusa known by her friends as Chinko died yesterday morning April 4th... 
The future stars of the four Champions League semifinalists: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti spoke ahead of ... 
More Refreshing Choices! Dignitaries Grace the Official Opening of The First Vitafoam Comfort Centre in Ibadan... 
Fashion or Nu*dity? See What This Former Stripper and Reality Star Nya lee Wore To MayPac FIght [PHOTOS]: The ... 
Tottenham lead chase for £12m Bournemouth star Callum Wilson: Premier League new boys Bournemouth have apparen... 
Wendy Williams, her husband and NeNe Leakes bump heads at a conference: The cold war between former friends, t... 
Exclusive photos from Silverbird Man of the Year 2015: The Silverbird Man of the Year 2015 held on Sunday nigh... 
No Going Back On Planned Relocation Of Computer Village, Mile 12 Market- LASG: The Lagos State Government has ... 
Home-grown Alessandro Florenzi is fast becoming Roma's new hero: In this weekend's Serie A action, Juventus wo... 
Pastor Adeboye: I Don’t Hate Homosexuals: General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor ... 
Beyonce shows Her Se*xy Body As She Steps Out Without Pant and Bra in Provocative Givenchy Gown [PHOTOS]: A ne... 
Wendy Williams, her Husband Kevin Hunter and Nene Leakes nearly got into an altercation at a conference.: The ... 
Pastor Adeboye Talks about Homosexuality...:    The man of God shared his honest views concerning homosexuals.... 
Emmanuel Sithole murder case postponed: The trial of the four men accused of killing Mozambican man Emmanuel S... 
Photo: Wizkid Treats Girlfriend To A Romantic Dinner On The Beach: Heard it was for a video shoot though. It w... 
Didier Drogba deserves new contract at Chelsea, John Terry says: Didier Drogba deserves a new contract at Chel... 
First Photos: Rihanna, Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez, Kim Kardashian, Kerry Washington &amp; More at the 2015 MET Gala: ... 
About 1million candidates screened- PushCV Elite Employee Quest 2015: The List of the Next Generation Workforc... 
Halima Abubakar Massive Display Of B00bs: Sexy Or Trashy?: I think she is showing too much, and the make up is... 
(Image) Theo Walcott’s Twitter account gets hacked during Hull clash: Any Arsenal fans watching the game with ... 
Kim claims she was inspired by Cher, but this looks like Beyonce's 2012 Met Gala look: Kim K stepped out last ... 
William And Kate Reveal The Names Of Their New Baby Girl: After days of speculation, the names of the new baby... 
Fit-again Robert Lewandowski ready to lead Bayern Munich's attack: The ESPN FC crew discuss Bayern Munich Chai... 
Chelsea eye shock Rickie Lambert move as replacement for veteran striker: Chelsea are said to be eyeing a surp... 
Wow! Miss Tourism Nigeria, Collete Nwadike releases Beautiful new Photos.: Miss Tourism Nigeria 2014, Collete ... 
I should have died, not my pregnant wife – Husband of Arepo victim: The husband of 25-year-old Damilola Fajana... 
Rihanna's yellow gown to the 2015 MET gala and the funny memes done with it: The HUGE bright yellow gown Riri ... 
Real v Juventus: Madrid players requested ‘lucky pilot Boned’ fly team to Turin: The Real Madrid squad put in ... 
Toke’s Big Secret Revealed…: Temi wanted to be like most of her friends, wearing the best designers and showin... 
Chris Brown is in love: Chris Brown who's currently wanted by the police for allegedly hitting someone at a ba... 
The gowns worn to the 2015 MET gala award: The 2015 Met Gala in New York City, was titled China: Through The L... 
Beyonce stuns in a show stopping gown to the china themed MET gala award ceremony: A nearly naked Beyonce reve... 
Jose's odd interest in Rickie Lambert, United's Hummels move on the rocks: Former PSV sporting director Frank ... 
Omg! J.Lo's gown to the MET Gala was stunning (photos): The curvaceous 45 year old latina bombshell, J.Lo wore... 
OMG!!! See what Kim Kardashian wore to the:  
Frank Lampard’s new club New York City hand out cringey lyrics they want fans to sing: In an attempt to create... 
Bayern Munich hope to overcome injury woe against Barcelona in UCL: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
KCee’s Manager, Soso Shows Off The Cash He Won After Betting On Mayweather: There was a huge boxing match duri... 
Real Reasons Why BreakFast Is So Important. Never Skip BreakFast: Don’t eat breakfast? Well, you should. There... 
Arsenal manager keen for side to clinch top-three finish and avoid Champions League qualifier: Arsenal manager... 
RIP Aluu 4: Yes, we are still o it ... and will continue until we hear a verdict! RIP Ugonna, Tekena, Chidiaka... 
Lady Gaga, what's going on with your tummy? (photos): Lady Gaga was seen walking on the beach in LA with her f... 
Allegri utilising a bold approach for Juventus against Real: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner believes Juventus are bein... 
Diddy says “Love is the New Sexy” as him &amp; girlfriend Cassie Shock Fans with Titillating ‘3AM’ Perfume Ad: Wow... 
Prem: Top 5 goals of week 35: Relive the top five goals from around the Premier League in week 35, spotlighted... 
New photos of women and children rescued from Sambisa Forest: Here are new photos of the girls, women and chil... 
I agree"@MC_Garber: Tv is stupid"
There will soon be adequate supply of fuel - Major Oil Marketers Sec says: The Major Oil Markers Association o... 
Pastor Adeboye shares his thoughts on Homosexuality: The respected clergy man shared his thought on his verifi... 
Manchester City prepare to battle Chelsea for £15m-rated Aaron Cresswell: Manchester City are readying a bid f... 
Pics: Kim K steps out without bra or pant as she goes to work out: Mrs West doing her thing! 
Photos: President Jonathan arrives Lagos, visits Pastor Adeboye: President Jonathan arrived the Presidential w... 
Arsenal pile the pressure on Hull: Arsenal still have much to prove but had enough class in Alexis Sanchez and... 
The New Female Act Everyone is Talking About! LISTEN to Fefe – “Make Sense”: The Capital/Goretti Company joint... 
Video highlights: Hull City 1-3 Arsenal – Alexis Sanchez scores a brace in easy Gunners victory: Arsenal moved... 
Fuel scarcity will soon end- Okonjo-Iweala says: Minister of Finance and Coordinating minister for the Economy... 
Meet the incredible hulk from Brazil, who injected oil into his biceps in bid to become real life version of c... 
7A336FD5"@hyper_gbaski: New Contacts ASAP.....Drop your pin...prolly.."
Jumia Forces Competition to Crash Prices!:  In the last couple of days there has been in Vanguard, Guardian, B... 
MC Galaxy gets brand new 2015 Prado SUV from Governor Godswill Akpabio: MC Galaxy launched his debut album 'Br... 
Alexis Sanchez brace buoys brilliant Arsenal first half vs. Hull City: Alexis Sanchez tormented Hull as Arsena... 
Female banker, others charged with defrauding Emir of Kano of N17m: A female banker identified as Amina Magaji... 
Photos: Beyonce shows off butt in colourful shorts: Beyonce knows how to wear an outfit and make it sexy! Anot... 
Hilarious! Davido And HKN Gang Party With 50 Cent, G Unit And Nicki Minaj At Las Vegas: Davido &amp; the HKN Gang ... 
Prem:  Quinn -- Hull City goal (56'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Stephen Quinn (56') Hull City 1-3 Arsenal 
Yay or Nay? Solange Knowles Steps Out in Rosie Assoulin AW15 Dress: While one of the biggest fashion events of... 
(Video) Goal! Hull City 1-3 Arsenal: Stephen Quinn pulls one back for the hosts: Arsenal are now 3-1 up at the... 
Time table for students' meal at Redeemer university: Grown folks have a time table for eating? A LIB reader w... 
Photo: The Versace furniture at comedian Igo Dye's home though..: A screen grab from a video posted on social ... 
Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo -- who is more important to their team?: The age old debate continues as the... 
Too raunchy! See the Diddy/Cassie TV ad they say is too hot for TV (photos): Diddy's new racy TV ad for his ne... 
(Video) Goal! Hull City 0-3 Arsenal: Alexis Sanchez scores his second at the KC Stadium: Arsenal are cruising ... 
Breaking out of a rut has consequences today, but you're willi... More for Aquarius 
See Where they Caught this Female Student hiding Malpractice Papers: A Twitter user shared this pics of a fema... 
Photo: Wizkid &amp; girlfriend Tania Omotayo have dinner in the middle of a desert: Very romantic setting! The sin... 
Toolz shows off major cleavage in sexy jumpsuit at Akwa-Ibom event: The sexy OAP looked gorgeous and showed of... 
LIVE Boot Room chat: Premier League:  
Solange shows stretchmarks on her stomach in lovely green dress: Beyonce's sister Solange stepped out in New Y... 
Have You Tried a Butt Enhancer? Watch These Women Try Them for the First Time!: Last year was deemed the year ... 
Ladies; This Drink Claims To Make You Prettier [PHOTOS + VIDEO]: In a bid to cash in on the latest beauty tren... 
Sound engineer"@IsicheiKyle: Which one be Suka again? 
Walahi"@TheOfficialBmax: Any naija song without "Suka sounds" at the end... No dey make sense for my ear
K"@_yhincah: Once people start seeing you with someone they start assuming shit"
Funmi Iyanya stuns in new pics as she prepares for her new London show: Funmi Iyanda is coming back to TV (exc... 
New Video: Black Gate - Go Down: Enjoy brand new video from Black Gate... 
Stella Damasus shares new loved up photo with her man, Daniel: Couples who wear matching outfits, stay together! :-) 
‘Fabregas is magic, he wears a magic hat!’ Twitter wishes the Chelsea midfielder a happy birthday: Chelsea mid... 
Statistical breakdown of Real Madrid-Juventus and Bayern-Barcelona: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
Twitter Meltdown As Man Refuses To Take His Date To Mr Biggs,,,,,See His Reasons!: Mr Bigss has been trending ... 
Is Mourinho due for a long-term stay?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer weigh in on whether or not Jose Mo... 
Official Photos: Pete Edochie, Genevieve Nnaji, Nkiru Sylvanus &amp; More at the Launch of Africa Magic Igbo Chan... 
Meet The Girl Who’s Constantly Mistaken For Actress Yvonne Nelson [PHOTOS]: This beautiful lady says many peop... 
"May The Fourth Be With You": The MLS players and personnel pick their favourite character from the Star Wars series. 
Former Liverpool star and World Cup winner wanted by Inter Milan: Reports in Italy indicate that Inter Milan a... 
New Video: Falz – Ello Bae: Yay! Falz is out with the video for his hit single ‘Ello Bae’. The video, produced... 
YIKES! Peep What Make-Up Did to This Chick!: Dang! One really needs to take his woman swimming to see what she... 
Chidinma Denies Flavour Onstage At Calabar Star Music Trek [Watch Video]: …As Crowd Serenades Singer On Her Bi... 
Photos: See what Love &amp; Hip Hop star Nya lee wore to MayPac fight: The former stripper turned reality star wor... 
U.S. announces friendly against Guatemala set for Nashville in July: The United States will play Guatemala in ... 
Ebuka Obi-Uchendu is Suave as the Brand Ambassador of Deo Milano Fashion Label: TV personality Ebuka Obi-Uchen... 
Photos: Buhari meets with Niger republic Ambassador: President-elect Gen Buhari met with Niger republic Ambass... 
Revealed: Each Premier League club’s most important player, determined by highest win percentage: With another... 
Kris Jenner steps out without makeup, doesn't look bad for a 60 year old (photos): The Kardashian/Jenner Matri... 
Photo: Man arrested for stealing N4.6m from his employers: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC,... 
SHOCKING!!! 89 Strange But True Facts About Se x [MUST READ]:   During the months of research which have gone ... 
Photos from David Beckham's 40th birthday in Morocco: Football and fashion icon David Beckham turned 40 on May... 
Zlatan Milan: Paris Saint-Germain superstar set for unlikely Serie A return: According to sources in Italy, Zl... 
Real Madrid stay in touch: Before the Champions League semifinals, Cristiano Ronaldo's hat trick ensured Real ... 
Money Laundering Trial: Fani-Kayode to Know Fate on June 18: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday fixed Jun... 
Prince Charles &amp; Wife Names Baby After Queen Elizabeth &amp; Late Princess Diana:  The  royal couple who welcomed ... 
Man United's Champions League place not secure as work starts for 2015-16: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol does not feel... 
26yr old pregnant woman shot dead during OPC/oil bunkers crossfire in Ogun: Oluwadamilola Fajana, a 26 year ol... 
Facebook and She Leads Africa Host Women Influencers in Media at Private Event in Lagos: On Thursday 23rd Apri... 
Lol. Chinese people no gree o! Drag Lauryn Hill show promoters at Eko Hotel until they get a refund (photos): ... 
See The Inde’cent Photos  Maheeda Shared Yesterday To Wish Her Fans Happy Sunday [18+ PHOTOS]: She likes to ta... 
Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas targets Champions League success next season: Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas has ... 
How to Get a Small Business Loan from a Bank: Let’s talk about getting a small business loan from a bank.  One... 
Macy's censors Diddy's new fragrance ad featuring Cassie: Sean 'Diddy' Combs' recently released the ad for his... 
John Terry: Chelsea title success marks start of a new era: John Terry believes Chelsea's first Premier League... 
…And the Royal Baby’s Name is…Princess Charlotte!: Kate Middleton and Prince William have finally revealed the... 
Funny! Checkout OAP Toolz reaction to all 'dem trekkers: Lol. Because if you really think about it, you can't ... 
Pres. Jonathan Must Explain How He Spent Nigeria’s Resources For The Past 6 Years – PDP Pub Sec Olisa Metuh: T... 
Thibaut Courtois expresses happiness at Chelsea amid Real Madrid transfer speculation: Chelsea goalkeeper Thib... 
Kate &amp; William name their new-born baby Charlotte Elizabeth Diana: Kate Middleton and Prince William have name... 
Can Guardiola upset Barca? Four talking points in UCL quarterfinals: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
Interesting tweets by a Nigerian about the new princess of England: Biko, Prince William spaced his children. ... 
Protests Against President’s 3rd Term Bid Resume in Burundi: Protests against the plan by Burundi‘s President ... 
Mrs Nkiru's Weight Loss Story With Calorad: Story as told by Calorad user, Mrs Nkiru. Read below...Before I st... 
Newcastle club statement: Carver set to stay after ‘two days of frank dialogue’: Under-fire Newcastle United m... 
Photo of the man we all know as Julius Berger, who built our bridges: Above is the picture of Julius Berger hi... 
Man treks from Abuja to Otuoke to honour Jonathan as ‘Hero of Democracy’ For Conceding Defeat: Mr. Oladele Joh... 
Emma Nyra comes for former boss Ubi Franklin in new interview, insists she didn't date him: According to what ... 
Florian Thauvin and eight French players dubbed the ‘New Zidane’: Including Chelsea target and Liverpool flop:... 
The Oby Ezekwesili Aljazeerah interview that's got everyone talking: Former Minister of Education and convener... 
See What The Curviest Girl In UNILAG, Miss Fanti Wore To Church…Will The Pastor Concentrate?: Lol, see what sh... 
Lol. Kylie &amp; Kendall Jenner trademark their first names...: This is so hilarious. According to a report by TMZ... 
Learn how to be your own boss with a 2-week Intensive Training on Wedding Decoration, Balloon Artistry &amp; Cake ... 
Tottenham table surprise £10m bid for Chelsea star: White Hart Lane side pursue Stamford Bridge keeper. Totten... 
Filmhouse Signature...Luxury cinema comes to Ikoyi: Filmhouse Cinemas is proud to announce the opening of its ... 
Photos: Policemen caught on camera taking a dump in the water: Policemen in police boats filmed taking a dump ... 
Expensive Lifestyle!  Floyd Mayweather has 100 cars, two Private Jets, etc ……..Currently the World’s highest-e... 
Chelsea solid but not spectacular: In recent Premier League campaigns, we've been treated to some outstanding ... 
#MayPac Aftermath! Davido Pictured On Stage with 50 Cent and Jeremih in Las Vegas: After a busy weekend with t... 
Manchester United slap €40m price tag on Real Madrid target David de Gea: Manchester United may well be willin... 
Opps: “Emma Nyra” And Ex “Ubi Franklin” Fight Dirty – Read Story: Heartbroken Triple MG boss, Ubi Franklin and... 
Man Sues GTBank For N100M For Allegedly Defrauding Him With ATM: A customer of the Guaranteed Trust Bank (GTB)... 
Pics: Ben Murray-Bruce introduces his electric car at event last night: Senator-elect and Chairman of Silverbi... 
Be Prepared To Play Credible Opposition, David Mark To PDP: Senate President, David Mark on Sunday, told Peopl... 
Nicki Minaj displays massive boobs as she parties in Vegas with Meek Mill: The rapper is having a great time w... 
D.C. United top MLS Power Rankings, Seattle and New England also climb: Relive the best moments from week 10 t... 
Niger Deputy Gov. Ahmed Musa Ibeto’s Brother Abducted: Niger State Deputy Governor Ahmed Musa Ibeto‘s younger ... 
Aston Villa launch £12m bid for Premier League full-back: Villa Park side chase Hull City youngster. Aston Vil... 
Things to Consider When Quitting Alcohol: In the world of clubbing, brunches, happy hours and music fests, it ... 
[Photos] Davido Performs With 50 Cent, Parties With Nicki Minaj &amp; Others In Las Vegas: Davido &amp; the HKN Gang a... 
Real Madrid leave Karim Benzema out of squad to face Juventus: Real Madrid have left Karim Benzema off their C... 
Pregnant woman narrates how Boko Haram men took turns sleeping with her in Sambisa Forest: A 23 year old pregn... 
Atoke’s Monday Morning Banter: The Secrets Keeper: “Worry is like sitting in a rocking chair/it gives you so m... 
Man United may rekindle interest in target linked with Inter Milan swap deal: Paris Saint-Germain midfielder T... 
Toast to the weekend celebrations from Taiwo Oladoye:  Seems Taiwo Oladoye is a serial video-nista. Enjoy anot... 
Photos: Man treks from Abuja to Bayelsa for President Jonathan: This young man Oladele John Nihi is trekking f... 
(Photos) President Jonathan’s Men Produce Evidence Of Corruption Within PDP: President Goodluck Jonathan’s ass... 
Tania Omotayo &amp; Banke Su Stun in Chic Pieces for MAJU’s 2015 Ready-to-Wear Collection!: It’s a perfect day for... 
Omotola shares selfie with her second daughter, Mimi Ekeinde: The actress pictured with her second daughter, M... 
Too Much Money!!  Floyd Mayweather Jr. Bought Mercedes Benz, Left it at Airport, Forgot All About it: Most of ... 
Team news: Real Madrid depleted ahead of Juventus Champions League clash: Real Madrid will be without three of... 
Photos: Rihanna steps out in 'School Kills' T-shirt: No, Rihanna! School doesn't kill. The pop singer stepped ... 
Eko Atlantic City ready for occupation by 2016: The first set of office buildings at the Eko Atlantic City wil... 
Real Madrid in fresh talks to sign Manchester United striker this summer: Real Madrid have requested more time... 
Photos: Police harasses a civilian in Lekki: A LIB reader took these pics showing policemen in a convoy harass... 
Barcelona hit eight, Real Madrid keep pace - Five things learned from La Liga: The ESPN FC team continue their... 
Raheem Sterling Arsenal: Gunners could land Liverpool star in free transfer deal: Liverpool winger Raheem Ster... 
Cisco Networking Intern Program: A sure path to a secured life for all: Are you a novice seeking to build an I... 
See a Police officer a LIB reader encountered in Warri, Delta state: According to the LIB reader who sent in t... 
See How Much The Orekoya Family Actually Paid as Kidnap Ransome: Contrary to earlier claims that the Orekoya f... 
Lol. Man likes his own wanted poster on Facebook, gets arrested: Some people can be daft sha! Lol. If you have... 
Smart Money with Arese: How to Start Investing in Nigeria: Since I started writing about personal finance for ... 
(Video) Shameful: Ronaldinho pulls off outrageous dive and Brazilian legend is rightly booked: A hideous bit o... 
Enugu lawmakers begin impeachment process against Gov. Chime: Another day, another Gov trying to be impeached.... 
BREAKING NEWS: Enugu Lawmakers Serve Impeachment Notice To Governor Chime: Members of the Enugu State House of... 
Photos: Annie Idibia steps out in denim shirt dress in Dubai: The beautiful mother of two is currently in Duba... 
Tottenham and Liverpool transfer news: Possible Lloris/Mignolet replacement opens door to move: Olympique de M... 
You've never experienced anything quite like this: The Bang&amp;Kosher Lifestyle company is proud to present yet  ... 
Boko Haram’s secret food and fuel supplier nabbed by Nigerian troops: The troops of the Nigerian Army have arr... 
This South African Minister of Sports doesn't play! Lol: They've been giving the man grief since he announced ... 
Pep Guardiola faces biggest challenge yet against former club Barcelona: The ESPN FC crew give their take on t... 
So sad! Classic FM OAP Sylvester Ojigbede (Sly) passes away: Popular morning presenter on Classic Fm Sylvester... 
Gundogan transfer: Bayern Munich to hijack Man United move with swap deal: Bayern Munich could try to sign Man... 
See What Comedian"I Go Die" Used to look like Before the Fame!:   Best believe your fortune can change if you'... 
(Image) David Beckham surrounds himself with the Spice Girls, and Eva Longoria, in birthday snap: David Beckha... 
Mayweather's Grandma says Pacquaio needs to apologize for talking trash about her Grandson: Bernice Mayweather... 
Buhari will shock Nigerians – APC chief: A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and the party’s senatori... 
Davido Parties with 50 Cent in Vegas – See Photos: Davido is balling!!! After the May/Pac fight in Vegas, ther... 
The tactical keys to Chelsea's Premier League-winning campaign: Jose Mourinho lauded his Chelsea players for t... 
Photos: Meet the contestants for Miss AIT 2015: On the 9th of May, Accra Institute of Technology, (not AIT TV ... 
Pics: BBA Huddah Monroe puts her banging bikini body on display: The former BBA star yachting in a sexy pink b... 
Man narrates how police allegedly demanded a N10k bribe from him or be framed for armed robery: A motorist, Ni... 
See What A Friend Did To A Nigerian Couple By 5.am, The Story That’s Got Nigerian Twitter Talking: What would ... 
APC governors set to meet Buhari on ministerial nominees: Governors of the All Progressives Congress are meeti... 
Vlisco Unveils 2015 Women’s Month Award Winner: In it resolves to encourage and celebrate outstanding West and... 
Boko Haram survivors recount how some were stoned to death for disobeying the sect members: Some of the female... 
Nicole the Fertile Chick: What The Heck?! Moments: This article is about the priceless WTH moments most TTC wo... 
Lagos Police Arrest Mother who Tortured &amp; Dumped Son at a Filling Station – See Photos: Blessing Goodluck, the... 
I went into robbery to pursue my career in football – Suspect: 25 year old armed robber, Emmanuel Enu (picture... 
Manchester United transfers: Four in, four out as LVG signs £75m quartet to replace Di Maria, Januzaj &amp; more: ... 
Manny Pacquiao's Aunt Claims the fight was fixed: Manny's Aunt isn't taking the loss easy, she claims her neph... 
See How Mikel Obi Celebrated Chelsea’s EPL Victory With Team Mates [PHOTOS]: Nigeria Mildfieder John Obi Mikel... 
[See Photo] Davido on Stage with 50 Cent &amp; Jeremih In Las Vegas: This past weekend, the whole world’s attentio... 
Must See Moments: Chelsea clinch, Foxes climb: Take a look back at all the best moments from around the world ... 
Chelsea champions: Five ways Blues can still improve for 2015/16, including new signing upfront: A look at fiv... 
Kim Kardashian shares photos of herself in sexy underwear: Gorgeous Mrs West shared some sultry photos of hers... 
Errandboy Concierge Services helps you move...: Moving to a new home or office is a life experience. The move ... 
Boko Haram: 214 rescued girls pregnant – UNFPA: Following the latest rescue of additional 234 women and childr... 
Davido performs on stage with 50 Cents over the weekend in Vegas (Photos): Davido was spotted performing on st... 
Chelsea captain John Terry aims dig at former manager after Premier League win: Chelsea captain John Terry has... 
Amber Rose attends pool party in Vegas in a Mesh outfit (Photos): Amber Rose partied at the Taz's Angels pool ... 
Arsenal hold talks with veteran midfield duo ahead of the summer: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is set to hold... 
Must See Moments: MLS week 10: Relive the best moments from week 10 throughout Major League Soccer, highlighte... 
FG &amp; Petrol Marketers Disagree on Outstanding Subsidy Debt | Finance Minister to Meet with Marketers Today: Th... 
Nigerian Army Rescues 260 Women &amp; Children in Adamawa as Boko Haram’s Fuel Supplier is Arrested: The Nigerian ... 
2 gunmen 'carrying explosives' attack anti-Muslim art contest in Texas:  Two gunmen opened fire Sunday evening... 
Obafemi Martins leads Seattle past NYCFC, SKC beat Chicago: Obafemi Martins scored twice, Clint Dempsey had a ... 
Is David De Gea ready to extend his Manchester United contract?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley analyses Lukas Podolsk... 
Sporting Kansas City got a late winner from Paulo Nagamura to beat Chicago: Paulo Nagamura headed in a second-... 
Bad news for Man United and Chelsea as transfer target and striking superstar wants to stay put: Chelsea and M... 
Highlights: Sporting KC 1-0 Chicago Fire: Paulo Nagamura's second-half header propelled Sporting KC past Chica... 
Should Inzaghi be allowed to finish the season as AC Milan's manager?: Milan president Silvio Berlusconi insis... 
Rating Chelsea’s transfer business over the 2014-15 season: Featuring returning icon and departing legend: Hav... 
Nigerians Spend More Money on Recharge Cards than Food...: According to a recent survey by the National Bureau... 
PSG move 3 points clear of Lyon after 2-0 win; Monaco maintain UCL place: Paris St. Germain moved three points... 
Fuel now sell for between 130-300 naira per litre: As the fuel scarcity in Nigeria continues, pump price of pe... 
Tiger Woods &amp; Lindsey Vonn split after dating for 3 years, release statement: After dating for about three yea... 
Tiger Woods and Lindsey Vonn split after dating for three years: After dating for about three years, Golf lege... 
Arsenal to move for £35m Premier League pair who could be key to major title push: Emirates Stadium side chase... 
WATCH: Terry and Chelsea celebrate title: John Terry and his Chelsea teammates celebrate their Premier League ... 
260 women &amp; children fleeing from Boko Haram members rescued in Adamawa: The Nigerian military says it has res... 
Child found along Lagos-Ibadan expressway presently at Ibafo police station (photo): This boy was found along ... 
Seen Chris Brown's new haircut/hair colour?: From blonde, to rainbow, to jet black and now to whatever that is!  
Check Out This Explosive Dance By Mr Ibu And Patience Ozokwor [PHOTO]: Nollywood stars Mr Ibu and Patience Ozo... 
(Video) Chelsea celebrate Premier League title with dressing room booze up: Chelsea won the Premier League on ... 
Talking Points: Chelsea repeat, Liverpool-Man United, Serie A second: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea... 
(Video) Jose Mourinho admits he needs a rest after Chelsea Premier League title win: Jose Mourinho clinched th... 
Miss Tourism Nigeria, Collete Nwadike releases beautiful new pics: Miss Tourism Nigeria 2014, Collete Nwadike ... 
Small argument over Dencia's nationality ensues on Instagram: Dencia posted a couple of photos on her Instagra... 
Russians claim royal baby birth was fake 'because Kate Middleton looked too beautiful': Russian readers say it... 
(Video) Chelsea skipper John Terry offers condolences to Rio Ferdinand following the tragic death of QPR star’... 
One man dead, 14 police injured in violence at Polish league match: A man died after being hit by a rubber bul... 
PDP Sets Up Post-Election Assessment Committee: PDP press statement below...The National Working Committee (NW... 
Manchester City stopper Joe Hart issues Premier League title warning to Chelsea: Manchester City goalkeeper Jo... 
Ten big transfers the Premier League needs to be best in the world again, with Bale to Man United &amp; Pogba to C... 
Chelsea ’15 vs. Chelsea ’05: Picking a dream starting XI from Jose Mourinho’s first and latest title winners: ... 
People seem to think you can do nearly anything today, leaving... More for Aquarius 
Photos: Actress Uche Nnanna-Maduka &amp; hubby dedicate their son: Actress Uche Nnanna &amp; her husband, Richard Madu... 
Check out a police report by Floyd Mayweather's son making rounds on twitter: 'Haters' at work! Lol. People wh... 
Chelsea won Premier League title in different style to Man City - Pellegrini: Chelsea may have dethroned Manch... 
This video shows women and children fleeing Sambisa Forest: A footage released by the Nigerian military shows ... 
New video released by Defence HQ shows Boko Haram members fleeing Sambisa forest:  A  video released by the Ni... 
Photo: Man who supplies fuel &amp; foodstuff to Boko Haram members arrested: The Nigeria military has arrested a m... 
Photos from NFL player, Osi Umenyiora's sister's wedding: Ijeoma, the beautiful sister of NFL star, Osi  Umeny... 
Reno Omokri slams Governors who have not paid salaries of their state workers: Quite a number of state Governo... 
‘If You Had a Choice to be Rich or Famous Which One Will You Pick?’ Nollywood Actress Chika Ike Asks: To chat ... 
Vindication for Max Allegri as Juventus claim fourth consecutive Italian title: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reacts ... 
Woman gives birth same day as Kate Middleton for the 2nd time: What are the odds? 35 year old polish national,... 
Chelsea clearout: Ten players Mourinho could axe from title-winning squad, including Arsenal target: A look at... 
Official Fight Statistic Between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao Gets Released! *PHOTO*: oh! I was rooting... 
Prem: Tottenham 0-1 Manchester City: A fantastic finish from Sergio Aguero saw gave Manchester City all three ... 
Man United set to complete £25m right-back signing: Old Trafford side close in on Southampton right-back captu... 
Actor Gideon Okeke shares adorable new photo with daughter: The popular actor welcomed a daughter a few months... 
Champions Chelsea influence Team of the Weekend after league title glory: Eden Hazard's header following a sav... 
See the Lagos Girl with the biggest Bu’tt who used Juju to snatch her Cousin’s Husband [PHOTOS]: according to ... 
Former Wenger adviser tells Arsenal to sign Chelsea target labelled ‘new Diaby’: Former adviser to Arsenal bos... 
Dear LIB readers: Is it wise to organize a birthday party for my boyfriend of 5 years?: From a female LIB read... 
Eight footballers who have gone bankrupt, featuring ex-Chelsea &amp; Liverpool stars: A look at eight big-name foo... 
Venezuelan TV presenter strips naked during report on Cristiano Ronaldo: Venezuelan model and TV presenter, Yu... 
Brand new video: Zucee - African Lady: Here is the visual to the recently released single and much anticipated... 
A Nigerian couple &amp; an entitled friend. The story that's got Nigerian twitter talking: What would you do as a ... 
Maheeda shares sexy new photos: She likes to take her photos. More after the cut... 
Jay Z &amp; Beyonce, Kim &amp; Kanye West, Don Jazzy &amp; Other Celebrities Turned Up For Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacqu... 
Kylie Jenner tries it with Tamar Braxton: Singer and TV host Tamar Braxton has no chill so Kylie better thread... 
Mourinho’s all-time title-winning Dream Team including Real Madrid icon but only three of the current Chelsea ... 
Photos: Popular stylist Prince Uzoegwu puts his eggplant on display: Looks stuffed to me...hehe. But well done!   
Jose Mourinho glad Chelsea's title win did not come in 'easier' division: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho said his Pre... 
John Terry aims sly dig at former Chelsea boss Benitez after Premier League title triumph: John Terry and his ... 
What is the source to Chelsea's dominance?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley joins SportsCenter to discuss Chelsea's dom... 
Chelsea stars take to social media to celebrate Premier League title win: Chelsea won the Premier League on Su... 
Tonto Dikeh puts side-boob on display in new pic: As shared by the actress on instagram. I just zoomed in...lol 
NFL star, Osi Umenyiora &amp; fiancee, Leila Lopez attend his sister's wedding: The couple stepped out looking gor... 
Man kills woman after dumping her to marry her younger sister: Sounds like something from a Nollywood movie. S... 
Ranking Jose Mourinho's league titles with Chelsea, Porto, Inter, Real Madrid: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusse... 
SA sports minister takes on journalist who asked him how he paid to go watch MayPac: Lol. Drama! Adrian Basson... 
Ice Prince shares new photo with his girlfriend: He's smitten. Lovely couple! 
Man United target Serie A goalkeeper as potential David de Gea replacement: Manchester United have reportedly ... 
Popular Actor Kenneth Okonkwo Speaks About sleeping With Mercy Johnson: Nigerian actor, Kenneth Okonkwo recent... 
Steven Gerrard relieved to score late winner for Liverpool against QPR in penultimate Anfield apperance: Liver... 
81 Weird Facts About Sex in Humans: Found this interesting piece on 
Prem: Aguero -- Manchester City goal (29'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (29') Tottenham 0-1 Manchester City 
Why I won’t resign – PDP National Secretary, cautions Bode George against divisive politics: Read the press st... 
Fola Daniel Adelesi: Closer To the Dream: Many of us who have been working daily towards our desired dreams ar... 
Chelsea are the Premier League champions: Fittingly, Eden Hazard was the difference as Chelsea clinched the Pr... 
Chelsea join Liverpool in race to sign £10m Premier League goal-machine: Chelsea are involved in a fight to si... 
Beautiful New Photos of Chimamanda Adichie: The award winning author looking beautiful in a photo shoot for he... 
Arsenal fans be shouting up and down here, when u guys won ur last title, OBJ was Nigeria's president
K"@__Agamemnon_: Cunt team, cunt manager, cunt fans, cunting cuntish cunts."
FINALLY!!!! He couldn't for 8 years at Arsenal"@Damite2ky: CESC FABREGAS IS A PREMIER LEAGUE CHAMPION!!"
Aunty Bella: Miss. Second Choice:   Aunty Bella is our agony aunt column on BellaNaija. We launched this colum... 
Chelsea are Premier League champions: Eden Hazard's 44th minute goal was enough for Chelsea to clinch the Prem... 
Decorator catches ghostly doctor on camera while exploring haunted hospital: 21 year old decorator Jamie-Leigh... 
(Video) On-loan Liverpool striker scores to relegate local rivals in Ligue 1: LOSC Lille’s on-loan Liverpool f... 
We are CHAMPIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LIB reader Onyx Godwin steps out in distressed jean (photos): Hot fashion from our famous blog reader, Onyx Go... 
He plays like he is on drugs"@YemiCastano: I really like Willian though...engine!"

Good, don't watch.
FUNAAB"@no_rookie: Rep your Uni/College

#JaiyeMi"
Graphic pics: ISIS throws man from a roof for being gay - then lets mob stone him to death: The horrifying mom... 
Saturday Bundesliga goal wrap: A stunning second half overhead kick from Salif Sane boosted Hannover's Bundesl... 
(Image) Liverpool star Fabio Borini’s bikini-clad WAG and friends enjoy hen do: Liverpool forward Fabio Borini... 
Soso Soberekon shows off his win from his Mayweather bet: A lot of people placed a bet on the fight of the dec... 
Seven Women Ordained Roman Catholic Priests in Morristown, New Jersey on April 25,2015: On Saturday April 24th... 
Seydou Doumbia on target as Roma go second with win vs. Geona: Roma climbed to second place in the Serie A tab... 
Chelsea rival Arsenal for signing of £2.5m Italian wonderkid: Chelsea reportedly lead Arsenal in the race to s... 
See Genevieve's Birthday wish as She Turns 36 Today...:    Awww.... Such a simple lady! I wish her all the bes... 
Princess Simysola: My Letter to The Dreamer: Either through a flash of inspiration or through long nights of m... 
Rakitic, Busquets and Iniesta providing perfect platform for Barcelona: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps Barcel... 
Rakitic, Busquets and Iniesta providing perfect platform for Barcelona: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps Barcel... 
Tottenham Hotspur v Man City: Premier League live streaming: When: 16:00 GMT, 2nd April Where: White Hart Lane... 
1) Doctor 
2) Lawyer
3) Engineer
4) Disgrace to the family
U dey whine? "@TheOnlybadhGuy: Get 1gb data from MTN with just N200naira"
IBB Threatens to Expose Buhari’s Corruption: Former President Ibrahim Babangida has threatened to expose the c... 
Chelsea out to seal Premier League title: A win for Chelsea against Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on Sunda... 
Fans Blast Floyd Mayweather, call him a scared Chicken, says he didn’t deserve to Win: Just went on Mayweather... 
Tonto Dikeh’s Singing, DJ Cuppy in Forbes &amp; more! WATCH The Gist with Toyosi Phillips Season Finale: It’s the ... 
Barcelona plot surprise raid to sign Arsenal wide-man next January: Barcelona are hoping to make a surprise ra... 
Girl Who Vowed To Post Her Nu*de Pics If Mayweather Wins Under Fire On Twitter: So this Twitter user, @damnaar... 
Royal baby's support sought by PSG after princess is born: In non-football news that was near-impossible to av... 
Chelsea legend launches stinging attack on Jose Mourinho over style of football: Chelsea legend Ruud Gullit ha... 
Fans go in on Mayweather, call him a scared chicken, says he didn't deserve to win: Just went on Mayweather's ... 
A Woman Can Do Better? Lady Starts Trek from Kaduna to Abuja to Celebrate Buhari’s Victory  [PHOTO]: Hajiya Ta... 
Louis van Gaal says he is not God after Man United defeat to West Brom: Louis van Gaal said he has felt powerl... 
Robin van Persie transfer: Serie A trio chase Manchester United misfit: Manchester United striker Robin van Pe... 
Mr man, where did you say you were again? Lol. See these tweets: He says he's in Vegas but his location says o... 
Photo: Harrysong reconciles with step mother at father's burial: Singer Harrison Tare Okiri, famously known as... 
LG Premium door-in-door refrigerators given top ratings by industry experts: LG Electronics earns top ratings ... 
Here’s your Chance to Study in Top Universities Abroad! Dave Abion Consulting Holds Counselling &amp; One-On-One I... 
Pep Guardiola happy with Bayern Munich despite Leverkusen loss: Pep Guardiola said he was "very satisfied" wit... 
Liverpool plot £15m bid to sign 16-goal Bayer Leverkusen winger: Liverpool have been linked with a move to sig... 
Mike Tyson launches attack on Mayweather for comparing himself to Muhammad Ali: Some days to his epic fight wi... 
Busayo Oderinde: Demystifying Food Myths: We all know of one or two myths. Even as adults we explain an occurr... 
Chelsea v Crystal Palace and Spurs v Man City: latest betting odds and offers from BET VICTOR: There’s two hug... 
Frank Edwards Shows Off Swag, Pictured Hanging Out With Pastor Chris’ Daughter Sharon Oyahkilome [PHOTOS]: Fra... 
This Nigerian says the 8 people executed in Indonesia last week are still alive: This man is on Facebook sayin... 
Pics: 50cents celebrates as he wins his bet on the May vs Pac fight: Rapper 50 Cent bet $1.6million on Floyd M... 
Missing NNPC $20billion: Sanction PWC for deceiving Nigerians, Hon. Adeola tells Buhari: In a press release, T... 
Don’t Miss This Unique Opportunity to Meet with The University of Southampton Delegate Here in Lagos!: The Uni... 
Ten relegation threatened players who look set for summer transfers, with Liverpool &amp; Chelsea targets: Ten top... 
Unilever Unveils the New Look of Closeup Toothpaste: Unilever Nigeria PLC, a leading consumer goods company, r... 
Photos from the Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquaio epic fight!: The fight of the decade between America's Floy... 
LMAO! See What this Woman was Spotted Doing at her Wedding Reception!: oh ma gan! No helpers around? 
Happy birthday to Genevieve Nnaji as she turns a year older today: The gorgeous actress is a year older today ... 
Arsenal increasingly confident of signing Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech: Arsenal are reportedly growing confide... 
Check out the number of private jets at Las Vegas airport due to MayPac: As the world focused on one of the mo... 
Top seven best strike-forces in Europe, including Real Madrid and Barcelona trios: A look at the seven best st... 
Man United launch £18.9m bid for Dutch defensive rock: Old Trafford side close in on Lazio centre-back. Man Un... 
Beyoncé &amp; Jay-Z, Nicki Minaj &amp; Meek Mill Together at #MayPac Fight: The biggest couples in hip-hop right now, ... 
Arsenal legend Thierry Henry says Chelsea deserve more respect: Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry may risk ... 
What is Mr Ibu Doing Behind this Big Bu’tt Woman? [See Photo]: See Mr Ibu Checking her Out!! Lol CAption his f... 
Pac boxed beautifully, Mayweather boxed to win. Tactics over style
Photos: Floyd Mayweather Jr. Defeats Manny Pacquiao by unanimous decision: After months of preparation, and ye... 
Stars flood Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight. (Photos): A lot of celebrities flood the Mayweather vs Pacquiao epic... 
Ten Ligue 1 stars wanted by Premier League clubs this summer: Lacazette to Chelsea, Kondogbia to Arsenal &amp; mor... 
Lol"@babafreemi: "@Damite2ky: In other words... Floyd parked the bus?  E ti fagbo""
Highlights: LA Galaxy 1-1 Colorado Rapids: Alan Gordon proved to be the LA Galaxy's hero yet again as his head... 
Floyd Mayweather wins Many Pacquiao based on Unanimous Decision!:     I watched the history making boxing matc... 
#MayPac! Floyd Mayweather remains Undefeated as he wins Manny Pacquiao: In a match for the history books, Floy... 
Revolution breaks NYRB's unbeaten streak, Giovinco stars for Toronto FC: Charlie Davies and Teal Bunbury score... 
Chelsea &amp; Man City told to pay record-breaking fee to sign midfielder: Chelsea and Manchester City will have t... 
Mayweather wins the fight.:  
Deportivo La Coruna in a familiar fight against relegation in La Liga: Deportivo La Coruna named former first-... 
Barcelona target Ander Herrera and Hector Bellerin in January transfer raid: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Sporting KC players hot-dog it in tasty race at baseball game: Dom Dwyer, Graham Zusi and Matt Besler spent a ... 
Gareth Bale: Manchester United proposing mouth-watering swap deal for Real Madrid star: Manchester United are ... 
Chelsea still need a 'couple of players' in transfer window, says Jose Mourinho: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho... 
Depay Liverpool: Anfield side close to completing Dutch star signing: PSV Eindhoven star on his way to Merseys... 
This week on twitter: 43 new followers, 52 new unfollowers  and followed 6 people via 
Olajumoke Awosemo: Your Partner Has a Best Friend: A best friend (BFF) is that one person who is valued above ... 
Ibrahimovic return comes at a good time for PSG: PSG coach Laurent Blanc speaks ahead of his side's Ligue 1 ma... 
2015: How Imams, Northern intellectuals, incited the North against Jonathan – Tanko Yakassai: Frontline nation... 
Photo of the brother of husband of nanny who kidnapped Orekoya kids: This is Akeem, the brother of Waheed, hus... 
#TeamMayweather
Done Deal: Man United begin £150m spree with £21m midfield maestro signing: Old Trafford side ready to spend b... 
Newcastle United want Steve McClaren as manager in the next 24 hours: With Newcastle United slipping towards t... 
Alexandre Lacazette returns Lyon to Ligue 1 summit overnight: Lyon kept their Ligue 1 title bid going while Ev... 
Actress Mimi Orjiekwe narrates how fuel scarcity exposed her to robbers in Lagos this night: Did she say she w... 
Photos: Mother, three children burnt to death in Jos: A mother, her three children, a relative and a house-hel... 
Dave Goldberg, husband of Facebook COO, Sheryl Sandberg, dies!: Sheryl Sandberg is the Chief Operating Officer... 
Ronaldo's scoring and Casillas' saving leads Real over Sevilla: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer reviews Real Madrid's 3-2 ... 
Chelsea predicted XI to face Crystal Palace, with Loic Remy returning upfront for Blues: Chelsea can confirm t... 
Facts "@looyeh: Avi Rate, Bio Rate, Facts, Truth or Dare...choose 1""
See photo of the husband of nanny who kidnapped Orekoya boys: Above is Mr Waheed, the husband of the evil nann... 
Knorr Taste Quest is back!!: Knorr, the great taste maker from Unilever Nigeria plc is back with another excit... 
True Life Story of a Nigerian Sex Addict #Part 4: *Please I'm composing this post at a party right now. So mak... 
Kimani"@AhmsBaba: Victoria Morgan RT @Ibrahemist: Victoria Kimani or Cynthia Morgan??"

Di Maria, Falcao, Rooney, are goi…
Davido shows off the money he's betting on Mayweather: He shared the photo on instagram and wrote "All on Mayw... 
‘Our fantastic captain, the one and only, Steven Gerrard': Twitter lauds the Liverpool captain’s winner agains... 
Ronaldo keeps Real in title race: Cristiano Ronaldo's hat-trick gave Real Madrid a 3-2 win at Sevilla, snappin... 
Photos: Man trekking from Adamawa to Abuja to celebrate Buhari meets Emir of Bauchi: 43 year old Mallam Abubak... 
Damon Dash explains why he blocked his daughter on instagram: Yesterday, Damon Dash's teenage daughter, Ava, a... 
Pics: Pandemonium at the Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport Abuja right now: There's serious fight happening at the Nnamdi... 
Prem: Man United lose, Liverpool edge QPR: Manchester United were defeated 1-0 at Old Trafford to West Brom, w... 
Cavani Arsenal: Gunners close in on £55m striker as PSG star hands in transfer request: Emirates Stadium side ... 
Video: Teehigh - Today: Highly rated pop singer - TeeHigh is here with his grand debut into the Nigerian music... 
Manchester United loanee considering Old Trafford future: Sheffield Wednesday’s on loan striker Will Keane is ... 
Pics: Ex VP, Atiku Abubakar meets with SA President Jacob Zuma: Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar and outgo... 
Barcelona score eight at Cordoba; Cristiano Ronaldo records hat trick: Luis Suarez scored his first hat trick ... 
Chief Imam of Abuja National Mosque dies at 68: The Chief Imam of Abuja National Mosque, Ustaz Musa Muhammed, ... 
Photos from the burial of the late Oronto Douglas...: President Jonathan, Mrs Tarinabo Oronto Douglas &amp;  child... 
You may feel as if you're up for nearly anything that sounds l... More for Aquarius 
Atletico Madrid robbed of three points from Athletic's visit to the Calderon: Antoine Griezmann scored one of ... 
Former Manchester United stalwart tipped to become great manager: Former Manchester United stalwart Darren Fle... 
Coutinho stars as Gerrard goes from villain to hero for Liverpool vs. QPR: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers hail... 
West Brom beat Man United: Manchester United's poor run continues: Chris Brunt's deflected free kick and some ... 
(Video) Manchester United 0-1 West Brom – highlights, penalty misses and more from Old Trafford: Manchester Un... 
Selena Gomez, Justin Beiber, Miley Cyrus, and Others Strip Na ked For Mario Testino’s Star-Studded Towel Serie... 
Ten Serie A stars wanted by Premier League clubs this summer: Paul Pogba alongside Arsenal &amp; Liverpool targets... 
Prem: Van Persie denied from the stripe: ENGLISH PRMIER LEAGUE: West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill denied Robin ... 
Photos: William &amp; Kate introduce their little princess to the world: The Royal couple showed off their little ... 
‘I Work Hard To Make My Buttocks BIG &amp; Never Mind I Know I’m A Sex Symbol’ – Nollywood Actress Boasts [PHOTOS]... 
New Video: Burna Boy – Soke: Fresh visuals from the Don Gorgon! Burna Boy has released the video to his recent... 
Steven Gerrard is an irreplaceable talent, says Brendan Rodgers: Brendan Rodgers saluted Steven Gerrard as an ... 
Neymar superfan rejects $10,000 to meet Barcelona superstar: Rhiannon Connelly, a Neymar superfan, turned down... 
Tottenham line-up surprise bid for £18m Chelsea attacker: White Hart Lane side chase Stamford Bridge wide-man.... 
Kerry Washington, Bellamy Young, Tony Goldwyn &amp; More ‘Scandal’ Stars Step Out for the ATAS Event: Cast memeber... 
Oh lawd! Keith Carlos - winner of ANTM puts his eggplant on display: This is top model, Keith Carlos, he won A... 
Nigerian Oyibo Niki Tall is in town! (Photos): Self proclaimed Nigerian Oyibo Niki Tall who's half Greek, half... 
See All The Body-Baring Looks From The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival [18+ PHOTOS]: Coachella festiv... 
Meet Lily Rumsey &amp; Adekola Adebisi from the University of Salford Mancheste: Meet Lily Rumsey and Adekola Adeb... 
Luis Suarez hits hat trick as Barcelona score eight to relegate Cordoba: Luis Suarez scored his first hat tric... 
Liverpool fans fly Rodgers OUT, Rafa IN banner over Anfield during QPR clash: Liverpool fans flew a banner ove... 
Aww…Agbani Darego Flaunts Hot Bikini Bod – See Photos: 
Related posts:Angela Okorie Stuns in New Native Attire... 
Kim Kardashian 17yr Old Sister, Kylie Impregnated by Tyga: Kylie Jenner is reportedly pregnant, with sources c... 
(Video) Liverpool 2-1 Queens Park Rangers highlights – Gerrard scores late winner: Liverpool beat QPR 2-1 on S... 
New Video: Orezi feat. Davido – Shuperu (Remix): After teaming up with Davido on the remix of club banger – “S... 
Steven Gerrard helps Liverpool past QPR, Aston Villa beat Everton: Steven Gerrard saw a late penalty saved bef... 
Mum woke up screaming at night ‘to find 14-year-old aggressive son raping her’: A teenager has been found not ... 
(Video) Goal: Cordoba 0-5 Barcelona: Gerard Pique adds to the home side’s misery: Barcelona now lead 5-0 in th... 
Prem: Gomez -- Sunderland PK goal (55'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jordi Gomez (55') Sunderland 2-1 Southampton 
My Marriage would Have Made me a Sad Woman - Actress Steph Nora Okere: The beautiful actress made this known i... 
(Video) Goal: Cordoba 0-2 Barcelona: Luis Suarez doubles the lead for the Catalan giants: Barcelona now lead 2... 
Prem: Valencia -- West Ham goal (26'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Enner Valencia chance (26') West Ham 1-0 Burnley 
MUSIC: Chelsea Bobo – Milengbe ft Jaywon [@Jaywonjuwonlo]: Renowned Juju artiste, Sesan Akinpelu aka Chelsea B... 
(Video) Goal: Liverpool 1-0 Queens Park Rangers – Coutinho puts hosts ahead: Liverpool are beating Queens Park... 
Prem: Benteke -- Aston Villa goal (10'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Christian Benteke (10') Aston Villa 1-0 Everton 
Alleged AIT Ban: AIT Staff, Lara Wise Tells the True Story: Lara Wise of AIT shared this about the alleged ban... 
Leicester 3-0 Newcastle: watch video highlights as Leonardo Ulloa brace inflicts seventh straight defeat on ni... 
Leicester ease to victory over nine-man Newcastle: Leicester City eased to a 3-0 victory over nine-man Newcast... 
Wow! BBA Melvin Oduah Survives Ghastly Car Crash – See Photos: Big Brother Africa TheChase housemate Melvin Od... 
Liverpool v QPR confirmed teams: Rickie Lambert starts, Mario Balotelli injured: Liverpool host QPR on Saturda... 
Would You Take Your Date to Mr. Biggs? Nigerian Man Blasts Woman for Requesting to meet at Fast Food Joints | ... 
Lambert given Liverpool chance vs. QPR: Liverpool need to beat QPR to keep their faint top-four hopes alive, b... 
Meet The UK Citizen Who Defrauded Seven Nigerians Of N70m In Lagos [Photo]: A citizen of the United Kingdom, S... 
Official apology from Lauryn Hill + she sings for Nigerians. Watch!: Lauryn Hill has done a video apologizing ... 
Royal baby: PSG troll Will and Kate with amusing tweet: French giants Paris Saint-Germain have not taken long ... 
”My Failed Marriage would have Made Me a Sad Woman” – Steph Nora Okere: It’s possible a suitor was somewhere e... 
Footballer Rio Ferdinard loses 34 year old wife to cancer: Former England  defender Rio Ferdinand announced th... 
AC Milan sale talks ongoing; Silvio Berlusconi could remain club owner: AC Milan president Silvio Berlusconi s... 
Checkout Comedian I Go Dye, Stunning Wife &amp; Son [PHOTOS]:   The Ace comedian , his beautiful wife and son atte... 
‘Steer clear of party administration’, PDP warns Pres. Jonathan’s aides, associates: PDP is threatening sancti... 
(Instagram) Footballers past and present wish Manchester United legend David Beckham a happy birthday: It is f... 
(Image) Rotherham boss wears hilarious costume to celebrate end of the season: Sometimes clubs are accused of ... 
UK Citizen Arrested in Lagos for Defrauding 7 Nigerians of N70m – See Photos: A United Kingdom citizen, Saheed... 
Prem: Morgan -- Leicester City goal (17'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE:Wes Morgan goal (17') Leicester City 2-0 Newcastle 
Actress Ebube Nwagbo stuns in graphic print: Classy actress!The post Actress Ebube Nwagbo stuns in graphic pri... 
Kate Middleton Welcomes a Baby Girl: The Duchess of Cambridge has given birth to a baby girl, Kensington Palac... 
Liverpool rival Real Madrid to sign £30m striker dubbed ‘new Sergio Aguero’: Liverpool are in competition with... 
LIVE GameCast: Leicester vs. Newcastle:  
Dear LIB readers; my husband's demands are weird: From a female LIB reader...Please I need your advice. My hus... 
Satellite images show Kim Jong-un's troops carrying out mass executions: Satellite images show North Korea's l... 
Manchester United tie down hot prospect to new contract: Manchester United have managed to tie down Andreas Pe... 
The Natural Hair Pop Quiz – Part 2: Does Trimming Your Hair Make it Grow?: It’s time to answer another questio... 
I live in Ikoyi – Tenant Ola, I live in Lekki – Landlord Mike: This is the story of two close friends; both of... 
Tonto Dikeh Flaunts Bra In New Hot Photo: Uhmm. Tontolet again.. She looks good dou but Why is she pushing her... 
Jose Mourinho still scared of Chelsea finishing fifth next season: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is still scar... 
Pics: Igodye, Bovi, Gandoki, others @Igosave's daughter's birthday party: Igodye, Bovi, Gandoki, Gordons, Mal... 
Jose Mourinho's title drought weighs heavier than Chelsea boss admits: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho responds ... 
Actor Yul Edochie Opens Up Concerning Rumours that He's Gay: Last month, actor and son of Nollywood Veteran ,P... 
It's a girl! Kate Middleton gives birth to her second child following 3-hour labour: The Duchess of Cambridge ... 
Liverpool boss promises Anfield guard of honour for Chelsea if title is won: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand’s wife Rebecca passes away after cancer battle: Former Manchester Unite... 
#BaltimoreRiots: Freddie Gray Death Ruled Homicide | Officers Charged: The African-American community and all ... 
Ten Bundesliga stars wanted by Premier League clubs, including ex-Chelsea star &amp; Man United transfer targets: ... 
Former BBA Housemate Melvin Oduah Narrates How He Survived a Car Accident: Big Brother ‘The Chase’ housemate, ... 
Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca dies after battle with cancer: Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca has died after a shor... 
New Video: Sly - Dami Lohun: A lot of people are talking about how this guy is the next big thing! Born and br... 
Louis van Gaal eager to sign £78m Dutch trio for Manchester United, including Liverpool target: Manchester Uni... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge happy to recover from injury in United States: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge... 
Didier Drogba teases rivals by boasting that Chelsea had the Premier League won in March: Chelsea’s legendary ... 
Photos: Pregnant lady charmed by a one eyed-beggar in a bus in Enugu: A LIB reader tells a scary and interesti... 
Lol. 'Our artists now event lies' - Etcetera writes: Singer Etcetera and these his colleagues...lol. He comes ... 
Peculiar Okafor: My Milestone Songs: I believe you can tell a lot about a person by their playlist – at least ... 
Gaya Arsenal: Five facts about Valencia wonderkid linked with Gunners transfer: A look at five facts about Val... 
Gossiping is good for you: When you think about a secret, you use up motivational resources which can drain yo... 
7 Signs That You Are Not Having Enough Se x [MUST READ]: 1. Thinking of Other People Se x is a basic human nee... 
Manchester United table £18m bid to sign Serie A centre-back: Manchester United have reportedly made an openin... 
Etcetera Attacks Burna Boy, Pulls Him by the Afro...lol. &amp; Calls Him a Liar!:    LMAO! That's how I envisioned... 
'Get ready for hard times' - Jonathan tells Nigerians: President Goodluck Jonathan yesterday urged Nigerians t... 
See Throwback Pictures Of Yemi Alade In Her University Days In Unilag Forming Naughty: Before she became famou... 
David Beckham birthday: Pics of stunning 6-star Moroccan hotel for Man Utd legend’s party: Manchester United a... 
Pay Our salalry: Nigeria Medical Association tells Osun State Governor Rauf Aregbesola: The Nigeria Medical As... 
Strange case of how 2 unrelated men with same name &amp; identical looks sparked the need for fingerprinting in th... 
Veteran Nollywod Actor Peter Bunor is Dead: It is saddening to report that the Nigerian movie industry has los... 
Louis van Gaal wants Manchester United title challenge next season: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal w... 
Covenant University deploys card readers for examination: In a manner similar to that of the Independent Natio... 
Kate Middleton goes into labour: World awaits arrival of new royal baby as Duchess of Cambridge is taken to ho... 
Sad News! Another Nollywood Actor is Dead: Veteran actor Peter Bunor Veteran actor Peter Bunor has died after ... 
David Mark laments poor electricity supply in Nigeria: Senate President, David Mark, on Friday, decried the ep... 
Nicki Minaj and beau Meek Mills arrive Vegas for the Mayweather and Pacquiao fight:  Nicki Minaj and her Beau ... 
Mauricio Pochettino warns Manchester United that Tottenham ace is not for sale: Tottenham manager Mauricio Poc... 
Singer Rita Ora shares racy nude photo for fans: Hot singer, Rita Ora took to her Instagram page to share a ph... 
3 month old baby gets burnt to death in Badagry:  Tragedy struck in Badagry, Lagos, yesterday, when a three-mo... 
David and Victoria Beckham land in Morocco on a luxury private plane to celebrate his lavish, star studded 40t... 
FC Dallas crush Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer's Texas Derby: Fabian Castillo had a goal and two assist... 
17 year old Kylie Jenner admits she doesn't know how to do laundry or iron her own clothes: 17 year old Kylie ... 
Model Finds Outs She Has Two Va*ginas And Two Periods Every Month: Cassandra Bankson gained popularity as the ... 
Veteran Nollywood actor Peter Bruno dies: Veteran actor Peter Bruno has died after battling with stroke for se... 
Fernando Torres' reemergence could be crucial for Atletico Madrid: Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone ha... 
The way Nigerian some 'boys' think...*sigh*: The screenshot of the message above is currently being  bashed an... 
University of Sunderland Open Day!: The university of Sunderland  invites you to their Open Day in Lagos, with... 
War of words continues between Guardiola and Dortmund midfielder: The animosity between Bayern Munich and Boru... 
See this photo of Cynthia Morgan and upcoming singer Jumabee: Cynthia is quite daring. Looks like a photo shoo... 
Worst Premier League transfers in 2014-15:  
Oh dear! See the tattoo singer Oritsefemi just got... (photo): The music artist shared a picture of his latest... 
Governor Fashola and wife celebrate 22nd wedding anniversary: Governor of Lagos state, Bababtunde Fashola and ... 
Beautiful new photos of Chimamanda  Adichie:  The award winning author looking beautiful in her photo shoot fo... 
Tottenham and Chelsea transfer target dropped by club after poor performances: Olympique de Marseille secured ... 
She’s Still Got It at 45! Jennifer Lopez Dazzles at the 2015 Billboard Latin Music Awards: Jennifer Lopez has ... 
Nigerian witch doctor sentenced to 14 years imprisonment in America: 58 year old Nigerian man, Christopher Omi... 
Chivas look to lock down Clausura playoff spot against Tigres: With distractions everywhere at Chivas, manager... 
OMG! See What this Lady Wrote on Facebook!:    WTF? is this, you all think she's being sarcastic or just prais... 
Sambisa Forest: Another Set of 234 Women, Children Rescued: How many more people do these Boko Haram have? 
Metz 0-2 Marseille Ligue 1 Highlights and Match Report: OM back in contention for Champions League: Olympique ... 
Goalkeeper Bill Hamid signs extension at D.C. United: U.S. goalkeeper Bill Hamid has sealed a multi-year contr... 
Pogba's potential PSG arrival would be a coup but issues would still remain: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Janusz ... 
You're often motivated by higher truths rather than immediate ... More for Aquarius 
Don Jazzy Flies to Vegas to Watch Floyd Mayweather &amp; Manny Pacquiao's Fight: Nigerian Music boss Don Jazzy has... 
Arsene Wenger hits back at Jose Mourinho’s claims Arsenal play boring football: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger ... 
Kelly Rowland shares adorable photos of her men: Beautiful singer and member of Destiny's child, Kelly Rowland... 
Chelsea boss tops the list of managers with the most major trophy haul in their first five seasons in charge o... 
Party Hard! DJ Xclusive, BOJ, Ajebutter &amp; More Turn Up for OAP Lolo1’s Surprise Birthday Party: On-air persona... 
INEC Accidentally Gives Certificate if Return to Wrong Candidate in Abia: The winner of Umuahia South State Co... 
Lol. What is this? Read the comments on Pete Edochie &amp; Genevieve Nnaji's photo: Check out the comment section ... 
WED Expo stormed Lagos with awesomeness! Abuja &amp; PH get ready: The Wedding Show Live tour by WED Expo has star... 
What father blocks his own daughter on instagram? Damon Dash did: Jay-Z's former manager and business partner ... 
Sorry Man United fans, transfer target wants Barcelona move: Manchester United are set to be disappointed in t... 
Nollywood actor, Enyinna Nwigwe, shows off his hot bod!: For ladies only! The actor shared the photo of his fi... 
Lauryn Hill Releases Statement on Why She Won’t Be Arriving Nigeria for her Anticipated Concert: For weeks a l... 
Shocking Confession: “Jonathan Bombed Abuja Oct 1st; Begged Me To Blame North,” Henry Okah Claims: The embattl... 
Man United stars Rooney &amp; De Gea among 12 big names who could leave the Premier League this summer, plus Chels... 
Why Mario Balotelli must leave Liverpool this summer to fund club’s transfer spree: Mario Balotelli’s first se... 
Lauryn Hill explains why she didn't make it to Lagos for the concert: Ms Hill explains why she didn't make the... 
Man tweets from outside Rihanna's home, threatens to kill her! See his tweets: A crazy stalker named Ralph Ale... 
Player Comparison: Geoffrey Kondogbia vs. Giannelli Imbula: London giants Arsenal and Chelsea are each believe... 
Okonjo-Iweala Has Not Disowned Pricewaterhouse Coopers: Press statement from the office of Mrs Ngozi Okonjo-Iw... 
Arsenal legend believes injury prone star is ‘too brave for his own good’: Arsenal legend Liam Brady believes ... 
Pres. Jonathan’s mother hails JTF for donating borehole to Bayelsa community: Mrs. Eunice Jonathan, the mother... 
Lol. Future unfollows Ciara on instagram, starts following her arch-enemy: For over a year now, singer Future ... 
Dr Sid's wife sends him loving shout-out as he turns a year older: A loving message from Simi Esiri, who is ex... 
Age of Ultron: Trouble looms over the world; the existence of mankind is at stake, the one designed to save th... 
New Video: DJ Xclusive feat. 2face Idibia &amp; Timaya – Jam It: You should “Jam It!” Superstar DJ Xclusive has re... 
Lauryn Hill disappoints! Didn't make it to Lagos for her show tonight: Lauryn Hill did not make her flight to ... 
Photos of the surveillance aircraft used during Sambisa invasion: Above is the Alenia ATR 42-500 MPA Surveyor ... 
Photos: Man to trek from Taraba to Bayelsa to congratulate GEJ for conceding defeat: 35 yer old Paul Jamasuru ... 
Photos: Igbo leaders pay Buhari congratulatory visit: Igbo leaders led by Imo state governor, Rochas Okorocha ... 
OMG!  See What This Nau’ghty Naija Babe Posted Online [PHOTOS]: No one has been able to discover why such a cu... 
Five world-class players Tottenham sold including Real Madrid stars and Manchester United hero: Tottenham Hots... 
Nigeria Named Most Sexually Satisfied Nation on Earth!: Popular condom manufacturers Durex conducted a survey ... 
Watch Episode 3 of Damilare Kuku’s Web Series – The Odds: Our quirky therapist from The Odds is back, and on t... 
Checkout some Top Nollywood Stars Who Have Kissed Each Other In Movies: Apart from the entertainment value we ... 
Player Comparison: Morgan Schneiderlin vs. Paul Pogba: French midfield pair Morgan Schneiderlin and Paul Pogba... 
Arsenal manager rules out bids for two world class goalkeepers: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger appears to have ... 
Government Of China Forces Muslim Imams To Dance On The Street And Scream That They Will Never Preach The Isla... 
Arsenal midfielder named PFA Fans’ Player of the Month: Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil has been voted PFA Fans’... 
Tameka Raymond claps back at Usher + says she was duped by a Nigerian: A few days ago, a new song by Rico Love... 
On-loan Manchester United star criticises manager Louis van Gaal: On-loan Real Madrid forward Javier Hernandez... 
Toke Makinwa gets it right as she steps out in denim-on-denim: I like the touch of pink! Nice look! 
Who should manage Liverpool next season?:  
SHAMEFUL ACT! Lady forgot to wear her Panties after doing it with her Guy at a Restraunt [PHOTO]: She was spot... 
New Video: Hboi - Naka Naka: Cashburg Records’ front-man HBoi release the official visual's to he's newly rele... 
Pics: D'banj grows his beard + who knew he had this skill? (watch): Bangalee's beard is growing longer and thi... 
South African Police Arrest Nearly 200 Illegal Immigrants to Curb Xenophobic Violence: South African police an... 
Frank Lampard's extended Manchester City stay has proved to be a disaster: Manchester City midfielder Frank La... 
Nigeria ranked most sexually satisfied country in the world: Nigeria has been ranked the most sexually satisfi... 
Female Student of Ambrose Ali University Crushed to Death by a Trailer *GRAPHIC PHOTO*: A female student of Am... 
Igbinedion Sentenced To 6 Years Imprisonment With An Option Of Fine, While Aide Gets 20 Years With No Option: ... 
Smirnoff #Doubleside Party Final Countdown! Do You Have Your Tickets Yet?: What are you doing tonight? Don’t m... 
PSV Eindhoven sign Mexico defender Andres Guardado to 3-year deal: PSV Eindhoven officially signed Mexico defe... 
Lionel Messi Announces He is Expecting Second Child: Football star, Lionel Messi, has announced that he’s beco... 
If You Don’t Feel These 10 Ways In Your Relationship… It’s Not Real: Relationships are all about feelings. One... 
Liverpool ahead of Manchester United in £20m Memphis Depay transfer talks: Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain a... 
BN Cuisine with Chef Alex: Stiffed Banana Soy Crepes: First off, thanks for your comments and questions in my ... 
Photos: Janet jackson spotted out again: Janet Jackson is quite scarce to see these days so any spotting is re... 
Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand takes another swipe at David Moyes: Former Manchester United defender R... 
Meet the New Fattest Man in Britain [PHOTOS]: He starts his day with a fry-up breakfast made up of four sausag... 
Photos: Olamide &amp; His 3 Months Old Son Pose For A Photograph: Rapper Olamide who welcomed a baby boy about thr... 
US-Based Nigerian Nurse Charged in Killing of Developmentally Disabled Toddler: A Nigerian nurse based in Quee... 
Brendan Rodgers defends Liverpool's transfer committee: LIVERPOOL -- Brendan Rodgers has defended Liverpool's ... 
Folorunsho Alakija, Bill Gibson, other giants invites Entrepreneurs to AYEEN 2015 conference: Bill Gibson , Ca... 
Barcelona XI with triple raid on Manchester United: Fitting Wayne Rooney in alongside Lionel Messi and co.: A ... 
Epic! Watch Boko Haram members flee Sambisa Forest as Nigerian troops arrive: Aerial shots show Boko Haram mem... 
Epic shade: Robert Mugabe refuses to shake hands with Zulu king: Here's a pic of President of Zimbabwe, Robert... 
How I survived cancer, by Okonjo-Iweala: A rare insight into the past physical challenge of the coordinating m... 
Celebrity Fitness Coach, Maje Ayida &amp; Others Sign Up for ‘Walk a Mile for a Smile’: Midway into the Project Sm... 
Pic: Amber Rose &amp; new man, Machine Gun Kelly walk hand-in-hand: She openly declared a few weeks ago that she w... 
PSG, Liverpool ahead of Man United in Memphis Depay race - PSV director: Paris Saint-Germain and Liverpool hav... 
CHAI! See What Nigerians are Doing 'cos of Fuel Scarcity: I hear fuel now goes for N150? Na wa oh... This was ... 
Wow!!……Checkout This Cute Selfie Of Pete Edochie And Genevieve Nnaji [PHOTOS]: Genevieve Nnaji took a cute sel... 
Pics: This LIB reader claims he's the finest boy in University of Port Harcourt :-): Samuel Eddies is an under... 
Night of Thousand Laughs holds today at Sheraton Hotel, Abuja: Nite of a Thousand Laughs (Master Class edition... 
French soldiers accused of raping homeless and hungry children in Central African Republic - UN report: French... 
Minister of Finance, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala Reveals She is a Cancer Survivor: A rare insight into the past physic... 
Presidential Election 2015: Jonathan questions Buhari’s victory: President Goodluck Jonathan has, for the firs... 
Is this the only Shoes Wizkid’s have? [PHOTO]: If you are a true fan of Wizkid, then you’ll remember the first... 
Premier League fantasy Team of the Month for April: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson reveals his top players to pick f... 
Fuel scarcity: Marketers insist strike continues, denies receiving any money from govt: Members of the Depot a... 
HIV Positive South Africans to be Marked with a Tattoo in their Private Part - Pres. Jacob Zuma: President Zum... 
HILARIOUS: See What a Man Asked Jumia on Twitter: Lol I canno Coma Laugh oo
Related posts:Angela Okorie Stuns ... 
Awww, Twin babies born May 1st in Calabar (photos): Here are photos of a beautiful set of twins a LIB reader's... 
Meet Miss Nollywood Nigeria 2015 – Queen Gwen Okutele [PHOTOS]: Pretty Gwendolyn Okutele from Delta state is t... 
Get to Study in Top Universities Abroad! Dave Abion Consulting Holds Counselling &amp; One-On-One Interviews for 2... 
Jobberman Launches Free CV Evaluation For All Nigerians: Jobberman wants to do free CV evaluation for 60millio... 
Can Rodgers survive the axe at Liverpool?:  
Photos from Jude Okoye and Ifeoma's registry wedding: The Northside Inc CEO and his wife Ifeoma Okoye had thei... 
Meet the 21yr Old Best Graduating Student of UNILAG!: The overall best graduating student of the University of... 
Manchester United rival Liverpool for signing of 25-goal South American striker: Manchester United could be se... 
Photos from Lolo1 of Wazobia FM surprise birthday party: Lolo1 of Wazobia FM was hosted to a surprise birthday... 
MUSIC: Kiss Daniel [@Iamkissdaniel] – “Laye” (Prod by DJ Coublon): G-Worldwide Entertainment recording artiste... 
Beyonce’s mum's new husband makes her convert her religion?: Sources claim Beyonce's mum Tina Knowles' new hus... 
[Video] (18+) Watch The New Ghanaian “P0r N” M0vie “Adu lts Only”: Just as the title goes “Adult Only” is the ... 
What Are Your Thoughts on Ladies Arming Themselves with Condoms On-The-Go? | Watch on Battabox: Hi guys! In 20... 
Chelsea's Jose Mourinho: Manchester City should lose points for FFP breach: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has sai... 
Several flights delayed at Lagos airport due to aviation fuel scarcity: Quite a number of flights have been ca... 
2 weeks intensive training on wedding decoration, balloon artistry &amp; cake makinh: Do you want to learn how to ... 
Ladies, Would You Let Your Hubby Do This to You on Your Wedding Day?: Hubby obviously can’t wait to get home a... 
Se*xy Actress Yvonne Nelson Share Hot Pics &amp; Says She Misses Falling In Love: Famous Ghollywood actress and mo... 
Barca must keep Luis Enrique regardless of outcome in treble chase: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique insists La Li... 
Manchester United ready stunning £100m bid to sign Real Madrid Galactico: Manchester United could smash the wo... 
Man commits suicide inside uncompleted building in Ogun state: An unidentified man was found dead in an uncomp... 
Man Walks From China To Nigeria To Honor General Buhari ..(See Pic):   A Nigerian far away from home shores is... 
Happy New Month Blog Readers....: I sincerely wish y'all reading this this this new Month of May... Our blessi... 
Dear LIB readers: My husband now shares another home with his mistress: From a female LIB readerI have  been m... 
WT? Man breaks his eggplant during rough sex &amp; posts the pic on social media: Looks like there's absolutely no... 
Some People Are Talented!! See Amazing Biro Drawing Of President Jonathan [PHOTO]: Here’s a finished piece on ... 
Liverpool star Daniel Sturridge could undergo surgery - reports: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has travel... 
Barcelona eye shock Wayne Rooney signing in triple Manchester United raid: Barcelona are eyeing a surprise rai... 
Liverpool to sell £50m Raheem Sterling to Man City to fund Christian Benteke bid: Liverpool are reportedly con... 
TAN Boss, Ifeanyi Ubah reportedly weeps over GEJ's election loss: The  Founder and Chief Executive Officer of ... 
Awww!!!…Actress Mide Martins Rocks Denim Bum short – See Photos: That’s a hot body for a mother of two. Anothe... 
Man United not willing to get involved in Hugo Lloris price war - sources: Manchester United fear Tottenham wi... 
Paul Okoye shares adorable Pic with his Son and Niece: Adorable!The post Paul Okoye shares adorable Pic with h... 
Man City’s Patrick Vieira reveals he was hurt by Arsenal coaching snub: Manchester City Reserve manager Patric... 
Arsene Wenger reveals Arsenal defender faces yet another spell on the treatment table: Arsenal manager Arsene ... 
ISIS Terror group smashes thieves’ heads with concrete blocks as part of sick brand of justice (Graphic photos... 
Jennifer Lopez stuns in sheer, sexy jumpsuit at 2015 Billboard Latin Music Awards ( Photos):  Singer Jennifer ... 
Jennifer Lopez stuns in sheer, sexy jumpsuit at 2015 Billboard Latin Music Awards ( Photos):  Singer Jennifer ... 
Jennifer Lopez stuns in sheer, sexy jumpsuit at 2015 Billboard Latin Music Awards ( Photos):  Singer Jennifer ... 
