Omotola defends Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray Bruce has been trending on twitter since last week ... 
Suarez and Ter Stegen push Barcelona to aggregate win vs. Bayern Munich: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to ... 
Sights and sounds: Barca reach the final: Bayern Munich may have won 3-2 over Barcelona at the Allianz Arena i... 
Burley: Barca switched off in the second half: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop, Craig Burley and Kasey Keller discuss B... 
Wilfried Bony says Man City players want 'legend' Yaya Toure to stay: Wilfried Bony said everyone at Mancheste... 
Arsenal's Per Mertesacker confident ahead of Manchester United test: Per Mertesacker says Arsenal remain confi... 
May 29: Council Of State Approves Timeline For Incoming Government: A template for the smooth inauguration of ... 
Horrible pics: mob attack female police officer accused of shooting protesters in Burundi: A Burundian female ... 
Jenny McCarthy tattoos hubby's name on finger: Los Angeles, May 13 (IANS) Actress Jenny McCarthy has shown the... 
Young couple take new 'designer steroids' - she grows a giant booty, he grows huge muscles: Found this hilario... 
Scores killed in Yemen arms-depot explosions: At least 69 people have been killed and 250 others wounded by ex... 
Yet Another Trekker! Nursing Mother Treks With Her Baby For Buhari: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, seem to... 
Couples who met on twitter share their story and photos: More and more people are finding love on social media... 
US Hispanics now more fluent in English: Report: Washington, May 13 (IANS/EFE) Hispanics living in the US are ... 
Diane Kruger flaunts figure in topless image: Los Angeles, May 13 (IANS) Hollywood actress Diane Kruger was se... 
Barca strikers seal semifinal success: Bayern Munich restored some pride by winning the second leg but the dam... 
FG must ask Fashola &amp; Tinubu to mentor states on how to increase Internally generated revenue- Ben Bruce: Sena... 
Barcelona land in UEFA final, lose 2-3 to Bayern: Barcelona booked their place in the Champions League final w... 
Photos: Woman Caused A Scene Today In CMS When She Was Spotted Doing This: Day by day, women all over the worl... 
Kenya Moore claims she didn't know the man she'd been claiming as her man is married: Today, MediaTakeOut publ... 
Play of the day: Lewandowski's fancy finish: Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski levelled the match against Bar... 
Highlights: Bayern Munich 3-2 Barcelona: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to down Bayern at home, but were al... 
Bayern win, Barca go through: Bayern Munich fought back from 2-1 down win 3-2 on the night but the damage had ... 
Player of the day: Neymar nets two: Neymar scored a brace as Barcelona defeated Bayern Munich 5-3 on aggregate... 
Italian nurse tests positive for Ebola: Rome, May 13 (IANS) An Italian male nurse working with NGO Emergency t... 
6th Edition Of Niger Delta Achievers Merit Award To Hold 26th May: The award ceremony is scheduled to hold as ... 
NDIC moves to recover N34m debt from Okupe: The Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation has asked a Federal Hig... 
Rivers Assembly threatens to order Amaechi’s aides arrest: The Rivers State House of Assembly on Tuesday warne... 
Chinese firm completes major power project in Nigeria: Chinese construction company Sinotec has completed a ma... 
APC plotting to upturn our victories in Rivers, others – PDP: The Peoples Democratic Party has accused the All... 
Constitution amendment: Senate begins process to override Jonathan: The Senate on Tuesday began a process that... 
Muazu sues for peace, says bickering not in the interest of the PDP: Press statement from PDP chairman, Adamu ... 
Funny notice pasted on ESUT school notice board: A LIB reader who is a student of Enugu State University of Sc... 
Buhari Mourns Death Of Former President’s Son Chukwuma Azikiwe: The president-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, express... 
Our New Aircrafts Helped Destroy Boko Haram — ​Nigerian Air Force​: The Nigerian Airforce (NAF)  has attribute... 
Adnan Januzaj scores as Man United under-21s thrash Man City: James Wilson and Adnan Januzaj scored as Manches... 
Telecom giant Verizon acquires AOL for $4.4 bn: New York, May 13 (IANS/EFE) Telecom giant Verizon Communicatio... 
Bengali writer Suchitra Bhattacharya dead: Kolkata, May 13 (IANS) Famed Bengali writer Suchitra Bhattacharya d... 
Glam up your eyes with graphic liner: New Delhi, May 13 (IANS) Your eyes are the most expressive part of the b... 
Solomon Arase confirmed as substantive IGP: Acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase has been confirm... 
Niger Assembly speaker tackles predecessor, faults police: The Speaker, Niger State House of Assembly, Mr. Isa... 
Queen Latifah spotted strolling with her partner in NYC (photos): Queen Latifah, 45, was arm in arm with her p... 
AY Showcases Superb Football Skills in #TheFutureIsBright Video: Peak Milk is Celebrating 60 Years of feeding ... 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu, dies: LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu Chelsea Nwakanma, died yesterd... 
OMG! Man Steals Car While Preaching In Lagos: Luck ran out on a conman who disguises as a gospel preacher in I... 
Ibraheem Dooba To Buhari: Don’t Waste Our Time Like Obasanjo, Yar’Adua, Jonathan Did!: Superseding each other,... 
President Jonathan Explains Why Former IG Was Fired: President Goodluck Jonathan finally revealed the real rea... 
Dozens killed in Sudan tribal clashes: Dozens were killed and others injured when violent clashes erupted Mond... 
NGO asks Ekiti women to access CBN’s N220bn fund: An association, Quintessential Business Women Association, h... 
Suntai’s doctor, 13 others face probe for negligence, misconduct: Fourteen 14 medical doctors, including physi... 
Adam’s Temptation: Her body will take you to hell and back… Don’t Click!: Her blunt nipples and clean-shaven v... 
Imported gas to revive 10 idle power plants: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The government on Tuesday announced the ... 
Human Barbie  Valeria Lukyanova shows off tight abs (photos): The Ukrainian model, 29, who is also known as 'H... 
Shun selfish Niger Delta leaders, ex-militants tell Buhari: A group of ex-militants, under the aegis of the Ni... 
Senate passes tobacco bill into law: The Senate on Tuesday, passed into law, the National Tobacco Control Bill... 
Seven Ekiti doctors receive kidnap threat: The Chairman of the Nigerian Medical Association, Ekiti, Dr John Ak... 
Jonathan Approves Sanusi’s Appointment As Supreme Court Justice: Even as his administration approaches its end... 
Seven Energy Commences Crude Oil Production From Stubb Creek: Seven Energy International Limited (“Seven Energ... 
Senate Presidency: Contestants Disrupt National Assembly Sitting Today: As the race for the senate presidency ... 
My First Marriage Crashed Because Of My Mother-In-Law – Actress Mercy Aigbe: Beautiful Nollywood actress and m... 
Ekiti Tightens Security: Wants To Ban Tinted Glass &amp; More: Ekiti State Security Council reportedly has propose... 
Daddy duty: David Bechkam spotted hanging out with 3 year old daughter:  Beckham 40 and his 3 year old daughte... 
Gigi Hadid: 5 pictures of American-Palestinian model's perfect boobs: In every sense of beautiful, Gigi scores... 
Relationship advice: 5 forbidden types of love you are likely to have in your lifetime: You may have been on t... 
Paris Jackson: Michael Jackson's daughter looks stunning with boyfriend: Paris Jackson confirmed a new romance... 
Charlotte McKinney: Boob-delicious model bares it all in 6 lingerie-nudes: Curvy, Florida-born model, Charlott... 
Couples only: 7 valid reasons you are likely to get dumped by your partner: Breaking up with someone you love/... 
US chopper goes missing in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A US Vector chopper went missing in Nepal... 
No effective steps taken to bring back black money, Jethmalani tells SC: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Supreme ... 
IAF sorties to assess damage in Nepal after fresh quake: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Indian Air Force on Tues... 
Daredevils register six-wicket win against CSK (Roundup): Raipur, May 12 (IANS) An impressive bowling display ... 
Over 50 injured in Bengal tremors: Siliguri/Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) Over 50 people, including at least 20 schoo... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Sepp Blatter's FIFA leadership has lost credibility, says candidate Van Praag: FIFA presidential candidate Mic... 
Rodgers' substitution of Gerrard vs. Chelsea merits a genuine explanation: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol reacts to Liv... 
Jonathan appoints new Supreme Court Justice: President Goodluck Jonathan has approved the appointment of Justi... 
APC will ask looters to refund money – El-Rufai: Kaduna State Governor-elect and former Minister of the Federa... 
APC faults Fayose’s claim on salary delay: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has asked Governor Ayo... 
UCO Bank net dips 27 percent in Q4: Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) State-run UCO Bank posted net profit of Rs.209 cror... 
Fresh earthquake kills 57 in Nepal, 10 in India (Intro Roundup): Kathmandu/New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) At least 5... 
Land bill sent to select panel; Rahul says government murdered UPA act (Roundup): New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The... 
Vijaya Bank's net profit rises 5.65 percent in 2014-15: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) Government-run Vijaya Bank on... 
Glaring errors in Jayalalithaa verdict, claims prosecutor: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) The Karnataka High Court's... 
Single Ladies only: 3 fast and easy steps to finding your Mr. Right: Men who adore their women must have seen ... 
Eva Alordiah: Would you rock rapper's bold blue lips?: Eva Alordiah shares fierce vibrant lipstick, wearing ye... 
Abisola Kola-Daisi: Daughter of Oyo state Gov. dishes out marriage advice on trusting your partner: Abiola Dai... 
In US: Brain-dead woman delivers baby boy: The mother, 22-year old Karla Perez, died two days after the delive... 
Relationship advice: 10 proven reasons why good girls love to date bad boys: Most of these guys have learnt th... 
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
FIFA's Sepp Blatter says he tried to tame football's success: ZURICH -- In a rare interview with a free Swiss ... 
MediaCamp 2015: Learn photography &amp; digital filmmaking in Ghana: What if you could learn Photography &amp; Digital... 
Was Jay Z walking around with a h**d on? (photos): Jay Z left his office with Beyonce in NY yesterday looking ... 
Meet Black Miss Japan: Ariana And Her Struggles: Meet Ariana Miyamo, a beautiful girl who has been making wave... 
I’m Engaged, He’s Cool And Calculated But He’s Not… – Popular Actress: 34-year-old Benue state born Nolly wood... 
Five Years Without Him: Yar’Adua, Wake Up! Nigeria is Boiling: How has Nigeria changed since the untimely deat... 
Newborn Baby Buried Alive By His Parents Miraculously Survives For EIGHT DAYS: A newborn baby was found alive ... 
Oil Prices Rise Sharply: On Tuesday global oil prices rebounded sharply on the falling greenback, which makes ... 
Police arrest Kogi suspected kidnappers, recover N2.5m: The Kogi State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Adeyemi Ogu... 
Autonomy: Court summons Plateau, Benue bankers over JUSUN’s suit: A Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered th... 
Wolfsburg deny interest in Man City striker Edin Dzeko: Wolfsburg have rejected reports that Manchester City s... 
Sam Smith: Singer to delay second album due to vocal chord issues: The singer's next album will be delayed due... 
Mayowa Alaran: UI sets up investigative committee after 200 level student’s tragic death: An investigative com... 
Bryshere Gray, Trai Byers, Jussie Smollett: ‘Empire’ hotties cover Essence Magazine’s June 2015 issue: The goo... 
Doyin Okupe: Jonathan’s aide dragged to court over N34M debt: The NDIC, Liquidator of Gulf bank Nigeria Plc., ... 
Joi Mor: Gospel singer to hold her debut concert ''Doxa'': Gospel singer, Joi Mor has unveiled details of her ... 
Photo: EFCC Arraigns Five over N26million Internet Fraud: Find the EFCC press statement below ...The Economic ... 
Three crucial bills taken up in extended Lok Sabha session: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The extension of Lok Sabh... 
Cameron promises 'different government' in first cabinet meeting: London, May 12 (IANS) British Prime Minister... 
SC declines larger bench for pleas against NJAC: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused... 
Rajya Sabha to take up black money, companies bill on Wednesday: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha will... 
AFC Cup: Easy win for Persipura Jayapura: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) Indonesian champions Persipura Jayapura mot... 
Tiger Woods cheated on ex-girlfriend Lindsey Vonn - the real reason they split: What did she expect? That he w... 
Ohanaeze chief threatens Igbo will secede if marginalised : The Chairman of state Presidents of Ohanaeze Ndigb... 
11,449 Nigerians return from Republic of Niger: A total of 11,449 Nigerians have returned from the Republic of... 
Ekiti to ban tinted glass, cautions landlords: Ekiti State Security Council has proposed to ban the use of tin... 
Buhari to tour Aso Villa with president Jonathan on May 28th: President-elect, Gen. Buhari will tour Aso rock ... 
Photo of Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II when he was a child: The little boy in the photo is the current Emi... 
Free @MyPocketMoni A Mobile Money Product From eTranzact To Solve Nigeria’s Payment Problem: May 7th marked a ... 
Blac Chyna steps out in sheer panelled jumpsuit as she celebrates birthday: Blac Chyna wore this revealing ens... 
Knife Man: Teen arrested for threatening to kill student with knives in school fight: Police have arrested a 1... 
New Music: Pastor J – 'My Way' ft. Shaydee: In the song, Shaydee and Pastor J give thanks to God for the many ... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect to receive handover document from Jonathan May 28: This was the agreement re... 
GBT (Golden Break Through): Auditions is back by popular demand on the Lagos mainland: Have you got what it ta... 
Up Close And Personal: The world’s most lucrative meet and greet rakes in millions:  
Read When Buhari Will Receive Handover Notes: The Council of state today, May 12, has ruled the date when the ... 
GEJ’s Mother Returns To Otuoke Before May 29, Read Why?: Madam Eunice Jonathan the mother of incumbent Preside... 
PHOTOS: Vietnam Sentences 2 Nigerians To 12 years In Jail: Vietnam has sentenced two Nigerians to 12 years imp... 
Sacked Lagos PDP Chairman Reacts To His Removal: Sacked People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Chairman, Tunji Shelle... 
Romance? SEE What Sean Tizzle Was Caught Doing With Female Fan (PHOTOS): Popular Nigerian artist, Morihanfen O... 
Adaeze Yobo shows off her sons in new photos: The former beauty queen welcomed her second son some weeks back.... 
Pics: Tara &amp; Fela Durotoye loved up as they celebrate 14th wedding Anniversary: Makeup and beauty entrepreneur... 
Woman promised $30,000 to marry Indian man in alleged visa scam: Sydney, May 12 (IANS) An Australian woman was... 
Eight Hezbollah militants killed in Syria: Beirut, May 12 (IANS) At least eight fighters from the Lebanese Shi... 
Obama's presidential library to be built in Chicago: Washington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) The future library and muse... 
Modi leaves on Thursday on three-nation visit: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Several agreements, including in the f... 
In Amethi, Smriti dares Rahul Gandhi on food park charge: Amethi, May 12 (IANS) Taking on Congress leader Rahu... 
Mu’azu begs for truce, reconciliation : The embattled National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaj... 
Buhari gets handover notes on May 28: The President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, will get his handover notes from ... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
Schalke chief backs Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sidney Sam suspensions: Schalke chief Clemens Tonnies has backed ... 
Unbelievable! Baby buried alive by parents is rescued after surviving 8 days in cemetery: A newborn baby has b... 
ix35 or iLand: This is an advertorial, not written by me. Read below...I met my old           time friend in a... 
In Nigeria: PEF saves $2 billion in oil revenue: According to Mrs Kasali, the funds were saved due to the use ... 
In Nigeria: $20 billion in revenue lost to fraudulent tax waivers: This figure was provided by a senior offici... 
Barcelona: Stars train ahead of UCL semi-final with Bayern Munich: Check out photos of Barcelona stars trainin... 
Currency Devaluation: Report suggests floating exchange rate for Naira: The report, titled “Exchange Rate Pass... 
Akwa Ibom State Polytechnic: Companies prefer polytechnic graduates because of their skills — Akpabio: Many in... 
Fuel Scarcity Trauma Lands 29 Year Old In Deep Muddle: The on-going fuel scarcity across the nation has been g... 
What A Man And His Girlfriend Did To Their Neighbour’s Breast Will Leave You Speechless: A 21-year-old mechani... 
Interesting! Burna Boy Threatens To Beat Bloggers Up: It’s no news that Burna Boy takes to his Twitter account... 
Read How Motorist Dies While Queuing For Fuel At Filling Station: The fuel scarcity currently ongoing in the c... 
PHOTOS: How Lagosians Survive With Odd Jobs: Nigerians are renowned for engaging in all manners of odd jobs to... 
Police council confirms Arase’s appointment: The Police Council presided over by President Goodluck Jonathan o... 
Osun doctors protest  nonpayment of six months salaries: The Association of Resident Doctors at the Ladoke Aki... 
Tremors felt in Uttarakhand, no damage reported: Dehradun, May 12 (IANS) Tremors were felt in many parts of th... 
Taken up concerns over economic corridor project with China: India: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) India has taken u... 
Thailand to host meet on illegal migration: Bangkok, May 12 (IANS) The Thai government will hold a special mee... 
India's industrial output slows, but inflation eases (Roundup): New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Indications of a stro... 
Twin bombing kills four in Syria: Damascus, May 12 (IANS) At least four people were killed and 28 others wound... 
Nationwide strike looms in govt hospitals: There is imminent nationwide strike in government hospitals if the ... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
How Madrid can kickstart Gareth Bale: Can Gareth Bale get back on track on Wednesday?

Roughly one ... 
Christina Milian: Singer tattoos Lil Wayne's name on her arm: Did you know Milian is a side chick to Wayne... ... 
Ayo Adesanya: Actress releases sexy new photos: Actress; Ayo Adesanya unveils sporty chic look in a customized... 
Ogenyi Onazi: Super Eagles midfielder watches street football in Nigeria: Ogenyi Onazi posted a photo of himse... 
No Excuses: BIDAPOLY student discover Coliform bacteria in Bida communities’ drinking water: Members of some N... 
Pulse TV Exclusive: Ice Prince talks about meeting Jay Z: The rapper said it was a powerful moment for him mee... 
PHOTOS: Obasanjo Attends Jonathan’s Final Council Of State Meeting At The Last Hour: What could have been a re... 
APC Rep Accusses Oyegun Of Falsifing His Death Certificate To Disqualify Him: Christopher Erhodyne, a Delta st... 
SEE PHOTOS: Nigerian Curator Shows Weirdest Art In The World At Major European Exhibition:  Nigerian curator O... 
FINALLY! Flavour’s Lover, Anna Banner Spotted With Her Baby Bump: Finally, Anna Banner has been spotted with h... 
African Woman! See What Victoria Kimani Did To Her Body [PHOTO]:  The length some of our musical artistes and ... 
Photos from the Council of State meeting today: Past Nigerian leaders including president-elect Gen. Buhari, G... 
Photos: Freda Francis covers May issue of Tribe &amp; Elan magazine: Tribe and Elan debuts "The Beauty Edition”. T... 
APC demands arrest of job scammers using party name : The All Progressives Congress has challenged security ag... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
Germany, Israel warn of anti-Semitism surge: Berlin, May 12 (IANS/EFE) German President Joachim Gauck and his ... 
Amethi food park promoter failed to meet conditions: Harsimrat Badal: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Countering Cong... 
Two killed as quake jolts Uttar Pradesh: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Two people were killed and half-a-dozen others... 
Two arrested in Spain for spreading IS propaganda: Madrid, May 12 (IANS) Spanish police arrested on Tuesday tw... 
Modi seeks to improve relations with Pakistan via cricket: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Despite apprehensions rais... 
Photos: Iyanya renews contract with MTN for another year: The singer today May 12th renewed his contract with ... 
Chris Brown doesn't want his stalker prosecuted, prays for her!: Chris Brown does not want the 21 year old Tun... 
Enemy Within: 22-yr-old girl docked for stealing boyfriend's phones:  
Burna Boy: Artiste threatens to kill bloggers who write about him: In his tweet, the former Aristokrat Records... 
Marlon Peña: Honduras footballer attacks pitch intruder with a fly-kick: Marlon Pena who plays right-back Real... 
Goodluck Jonathan: Obasanjo, Buhari attend President’s last Council of State meeting [PHOTOS]: The meeting was... 
Mutual Consent: 14-yr-old girl tells court she had consensual sex with alleged rapist:  
Plateau restricts movements in farms to curb killings: The Plateau State Government has ordered the restrictio... 
EFCC re-arraigns ex-PDP chair’s son for subsidy fraud: Two oil marketers and an oil marketing firm were on Tue... 
Lawan’s endorsement won’t divide South-West senators – Boroffice: The Chairman, Senate Committee on Science an... 
iDea is launching iDeaGem mentorship program: Information Technology Developers Entrepreneurship Accelerator (... 
Kayode Ogundamisi comes for Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray-Bruce has been trending on Twitter for ... 
Fitness: Lagos govt to announce “Wellness Week”: The Lagos State Government has announced that plans is at the... 
Beauty Video: How to fix broken natural nails [must watch]: Growing natural nails is about the hardest beauty ... 
Denzel Washington: "Put God as number one in everything you do" - popular Hollywood actor tells university gra... 
Devil Pawn: Pastor, daughter arrested for stabbing nurse to death over phone battery:  
Iyanya: Pop star renews deal with MTN: Iyanya has been associated to MTN since he won the maiden edition of Pr... 
Photos: Nasir El-Rufai visits dilapidated textile industry in Kaduna: Kaduna state governor elect, Mallam Nasi... 
Burna Boy threatens bloggers: Lol. Bloggers, y'all better be scared! Burna Boy has spoken...:-) 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
Shaun Wright-Phillips was Manchester City's sole shining light a decade ago: Sergio Aguero scored 3 as Manches... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, Gowon, others attend GEJ’s last Council of State meeting: President Jonathan is about now pr... 
Beats by Dre Tour Earpiece Giveaway by Phonace...: Phonace, Nigeria’s number 1 retailers of Phone Accessories,... 
Healthy Rdcipes: Try this delicious northern drink: Kunu is a popular drink from the northern part of Nigeria. 
Daily Horoscope - Tuesday, May 12, 2015: What your Zodiac sign says today: Here's a short forecast for the 12 ... 
Raheem Sterling: Liverpool forward puts mansion for sale ahead of reported move: The 20-year-old forward has p... 
Huddah Monroe: Ex-BBA contestant shows hot bikini body: The picture shows her sexy, slim figure and boobs as w... 
Get MBA Online: UNICAF offers 75% scholarship in partnership with UK University: A partnership between UNICAF ... 
LIB reader, who calls himself UNIPORT finest releases new photos: Y'all remember Samuel Eddies aka SamX who sa... 
39% of Nigerians feel unsafe – Survey: A survey carried out by the CLEEN Foundation has found that four in 10 ... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, attend Jonathan’s last Council of State meeting: Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and the ... 
Israeli parliament approves bill for unlimited government expansion: Jerusalem, May 12 (IANS) The Israeli parl... 
Ocean acidification didn't kill marine life: Study: London, May 12 (IANS) British researchers have debunked a ... 
World Bank arm to invest $25 mn in Tata Housing projects: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The World Bank's private fi... 
Robopets to replace your loving dog soon: Melbourne, May 12 (IANS) Ever fancied having a robot as a pet? It ma... 
Nawazuddin 'honoured' to receive award at NYIFF: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who has bagg... 
Photos: Michael Jackson's teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her boyfriend: Little Paris Jackson is all grown ... 
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Garry Monk has become Swansea's own Jose Mourinho-lite: Swansea City boss Garry Monk praised his side's defens... 
Wedding Inspiration: Cake trends for the bride and groom: A look at some of this year’s hottest wedding cake t... 
Cecil Jones Attuquayefio: African coaching legend dies at 70: The African coaching legend died this morning- T... 
Lil Jon: Hip-Hop producer speaks at Oxford University: In his lecture, Lil Jon spoke about the Barack Obama ad... 
'Terminator: Genisys': Check out the new character posters for upcoming movie: Check out Byung-hun Lee, Jason ... 
Everywhere We Go: 2 Nigerians to spend 12 years in a Vietnam prison for email fraud: Two other Nigerians have ... 
Should the 200 girls pregnant for Boko Haram members get an abortion?: According to UNFPDA, about 200 girls wh... 
Wife of Pharmacist who allegedly committed suicide released from police custody: Busayo, the wife of the Lagos... 
Photos from new earthquake disaster in Nepal, 32 confirmed dead: 32 persons have been confirmed dead and over ... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
WAITING (15): Uchenna didn’t have a devotional, but he had decided that that wouldn’t hinder him from learning... 
Nigerian: Natural Hair, Beauty Show to hold this weekend: Nigerian Natural Hair and Beauty show: Nigeria's fir... 
Steven Gerrard: Liverpool captain stars in advert with his wife, Alex: Steven Gerrard and his wife Alex are st... 
New Music: Ibeyi - 'River' (RLR Remix): The remix was made by label boss Richard Russell who reworked the song... 
Entertainment Business Conference: Toke Makinwa,  Kunle Afolayan, Cecil Hammond, Obi Asika, others to speak at... 
Sángo's Anger: 50-yr-old fruit vendor killed as lightning strikes teacher, pupil, others in Ogun:  
Read What Ace Producer, OJB Has To Say About The Reoccurence Of His Kidney Failure: Following earlier speculat... 
MIRACLE: Brain-dead Woman Gives Birth To A Bouncing Baby Boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brai... 
PHOTOS: Osinbajo, Wife Receive Heavenly Blessings From Pastor Adeboye: Vice president-elect of the Federal Rep... 
Ben Bruce: I Will Unveil Anyone That Offers Me Bribe: Chairman of Silverbird group  and Senator-elect represen... 
Senate Presidency: Meet APC Member Who Seems To Be In Good Stead: Doctor Bukola Saraki, the ex-governor of Kwa... 
Chelsea's Hazard wins writers' award: London, May 12 (IANS) Chelsea winger Eden Hazard has been named English ... 
Dr.Reddy's Q4 net up 8 percent: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Dr Reddy's Laboratories Limited has posted a net profit ... 
Sensex provisionally closes 630 points down (Fourth Lead): Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Foreign funds' anxiety over t... 
Govindacharya slams Modi government policies: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Former BJP ideologue K.N. Govindacharya... 
Indian Railways schedules now on Google Maps: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Google on Tuesday announced the additio... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
Lionel Messi has taken Barcelona to a new level, says Cesc Fabregas: Lionel Messi has made Barcelona "even gre... 
Egypt justice minister quits over social class remarks: Egypt’s justice minister has resigned after raising a ... 
Professor Of Poetry: Wole Soyinka far ahead of Simon Armitage, others in race for Oxford University job:  
Charly Boy: Area Fada writes open letter to GMB: Charly Boy, the Area Fada, has written an open letter for in-... 
#NomakeupTuesday: Check out Toolz’s make up free face: #NoMakeUpTuesday strip celebrities' facial skin, showin... 
About Time: 4 suspects in the horrific Lekki Phase 1 robbery nabbed: Four of the armed robbers who caused havo... 
Photo Of The Day: Eradicate hunger, feed a child today: Welcome to our photo of the day column, where you see ... 
PFL International Education Expo - 2nd City Tour May 2015: Get first-hand information about career choices, se... 
US withdraws nomination of ambassador to Somalia: US President Barack Obama has withdrawn the nomination of th... 
“It Has Been Hell” – Benin Residents Beg Government, Police: Residents in Edo state have called on the governm... 
How Lawmakers-elect Can Sustain Democracy In Nigeria – David Mark: Senate President, David Mark, has tasked th... 
Second Earthquake In Nepal Ruins What First One Could Not:  Nepal was hit by a new powerful earthquake, destro... 
Photo: Zaaki Azzay buys himself a G-Wagon: I don't know what year that is so I will zip it...lol. He shared th... 
The battle continues. Now Blac Chyna wants full custody of their son: Blac Chyna says she has a problem with T... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
Four killed as another big quake jolts Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A major earthquake on Tuesday jolted Ne... 
Third 'Sex And The City' movie in pipeline?: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Actress Sarah Jessica Parker has spark... 
How brain decides diet's impact on ageing: London, May 12 (IANS) How does our brain interpret food signals -- ... 
Get set for 'bindass Naach': New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) TV show "bindass Naach", a Disney ABCD franchise, which ... 
Near wins may actually boost our motivation: London, May 12 (IANS) Losing out by a whisker, or the "near wins"... 
Tyga, Blac Chyna: Stars react to their families' nasty online war: Tyga and Blac Chyna are reacting to their f... 
Nathan: Chelsea signs Brazilian wonderkid: The 19-year-old midfielder took to his Instagram to confirm that he... 
Mad: Daredevils climb to the top of the world's second tallest building for selfie: The new financial centre i... 
Caption This: Ramsey Nouah, Mary Remmy Njoku, Mercy Johnson in 'Thy Will Be Done': Caption the above photo of ... 
Ben Murray-Bruce: Nigerians criticize Senator-elect over political activist tweets: Murray-Bruce has, since Ma... 
Two Nigerians sent to 12 years in prison in Vietnam for email fraud: A Vietnamese court has sentenced two Nige... 
Pour Femme - The Online Lingerie Boutique: Shop now www.pourfemmeintiates.comCall us:    09093500045E-mail    ... 
We Must Be Ready To Play The Opposition Party – PDP Youth Leader Charges Zonal Leaders: The Peoples Democratic... 
TV Gal Marcy Dolapo Oni Debuts Her Own Show: The Marcy Project: Having garnered so much experience in the TV i... 
91-Yr-Old Woman Threatens Fashola: A 91-year-old woman, Madam Roseline Ololo has threatened to overthrow the L... 
Boko Haram Survivor Reveals Why Army So Hard To Defeat Insurgents: One of the survivors of Boko Haram insurgen... 
PDP Chairman Adamu Mu’azu Flown Abroad: Following the crisis within the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the Na... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Pulse Style: Outfit of the day: Pulse Style's daily fashion inspiration where fashion enthusiasts/ fashion lov... 
BMW: All new engine for the newest addition to the 3 series family: The 3 series have accounted for around 25 ... 
Tyga, Blac Chyna: Stars' families clash bitterly on Mother's Day: It all began with Tyga's grandma allegedly s... 
'Royal Castle': Watch Chris Attoh and Florence Onuma on set of upcoming TV series: This is how Chris Attoh spe... 
Pulse Nigeria Poll: Readers believe a couple should work together to overcome barrenness: Pulse Nigeria Poll v... 
Finally! A photo of Anna Banner's baby bump. Seen at a wedding in Enugu with Flavour: For those of you who sti... 
Oyo state Gov's daughter, Abi Kola-Daisi writes on love &amp; learning to trust your partner: They are a beautiful... 
Dear LIB readers; I mistakenly overpaid someone &amp; they've refused to refund me: From a male LIB readerI was su... 
OPINION: Bola Tinubu – The Lion Who Is Forced To Reassert His Place In The Jungle: Editor’s note: The Guardian... 
ALERT: Displaced People Dying Of Shock And Trauma In Camps: Borno state chapter of the Christian Asso­ciation ... 
IGP Reveals What Nigerian Police Force Needs To Urgently Do: The acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon A... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
Fantasy follow-up: Week 36: The ESPN FC crew react to the Premier League team of week 36, highlighted by an at... 
Senator Ita Giwa's daughter and husband expecting their first child: Koko, the beautiful daughter of Senator F... 
'Vacation': Chris Hemsworth shows off six-pack in trailer: It's all about Chris Hemsworth, his six-pack and bu... 
John Terry: Chelsea defender shows off his trophy cabinet: John Terry celebrated reaching 1,000,000 Instagram ... 
Skales: Singer shares tracklist for debut album 'Man Of The Year': Currently the most anticipated album of the... 
Season 1: Femi Branch live on stage: Nigerian actor Femi Branch to hit stage with the mad Comedy PO! in celebr... 
Pulse Frontpage: Read today's newspaper headlines [Tuesday, May 12, 2015]: Find out what is making headlines a... 
Hi my name is ashok mehta, resident of village : kharela. Tehsil :...: Hi my name is ashok mehta, resident of ... 
Uruguay bank on youth in Suarez absence for Copa America: Rio de Janeiro, May 12 (IANS) Uruguay coach Oscar Ta... 
B-Town shaken up again post earthquake: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) On Tuesday, when strong tremors jolted the natio... 
Tevez named in preliminary Argentina squad for Copa America: Rio de Janeiro, May 12 (IANS) Striker Carlos Teve... 
Nine of world's 10 most obese countries are in the Pacific: Wellington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Figures from the Wor... 
Another earthquake hits Nepal: Details later… 
ARRA, UNHCR relocates S’Sudanese refugees: The Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs and the UN High... 
"A Flawless Bride": A wedding is one of the most profound days in a woman’s life. It is also one of the most c... 
Another Earthquake rocks Nepal: Two weeks after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake rocked Nepal in which over 8,000 pe... 
READ Incredible Story Of Escape From Boko Haram Militants:  Student Abubakar Umar was shot in his hand, lost l... 
May 29 Handover: Jonathan Convenes Last Council Of State Meeting: The Outgoing President, Goodluck Jonathan is... 
OPINION: Will Buhari Keep His Promise?: Editor’s note: The writer of this opinion Femi Aribisala is a scholar ... 
Re: Unlawful detention of 2 sisters. The woman they fought writes her own version, shares photo: Hopefully, so... 
Tragic story! Couple die in car accident just two months after their wedding: Mr and Mrs Timothy Terson got ma... 
EU, US ask Burundi to postpone elections: The European Union, the Unites States and Switzerland Monday urged B... 
Smriti Irani to hold 'Kisan Panchayats' in Amethi: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Human Resource Development (HRD) Min... 
Major earthquake jolts Nepal: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) An earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale jolted... 
Saudi king calls Obama after cancelling US visit: Washington, May 12 (IANS) President Barack Obama spoke by te... 
Metro services halted in Delhi after tremors: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Metro services were halted in Delhi aft... 
Demand for Gadkari resignation rocks Rajya Sabha again: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Protests against union Transp... 
THE CHIKE SISTERS- OLANMA DISCOVERY (5): … It was about two weeks before Nma saw Preye again. Preye hadn’t com... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
Bundesliga's relegation race is as tight as some of the league's historic best: Bayern Munich suffered another... 
Bayern and Real Madrid can take heart from Top Tenner of UCL comebacks: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Mich... 
I'm disappointed Kim K deleted my winning pic from her Instagram account - ANTM winner: It was a dream come tr... 
Emir Sanusi Receives New Appointment From Jonathan, Guess Which: Emir Muhammadu Sanusi II (born: Sanusi Lamido... 
Amaechi, Lawmakers Clash Over Salaries: There is an ongoing battle between Governor Rotimi Amaechi and members... 
BUSTED! Four Suspects In The Deadly Lekki Bank Robbery Arrested: March 12, 2015 was a day not to be forgotten ... 
Register to Become a Professional Facilities Manager: Have you noticed the increase in the numbers of big shop... 
Google: Tech giant shuts down Map tool after repeated hacks: The online tool has allowed people in countries w... 
Adamu Mu’azu: PDP Chairman travels abroad for medical attention: Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Adamu Mu’azu ... 
Dog Lover: Indian students arrested for killing and cooking dog: The authorities were alerted by their suspici... 
Muhammadu Buhari: 15 Ambassadors visit President-elect [PHOTOS]: The foreign envoys visited Buhari on Monday, ... 
'Lucifer': Watch trailer for FOX's upcoming TV series: What if the devil decided to quit? And moved to the cit... 
Tight shirt. Tight trouser. Na wetin? Lol. (photo): Saw this photo trending on Twitter. It's said to be that o... 
Bieber feels Selena Gomez 'soulmate': Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Singer Justin Bieber feels Selena Gomez is hi... 
Jyotika made '36 Vayadhinile' bigger than original: Director: Chennai, May 12 (IANS) Filmmaker Rosshan Andrrew... 
Real Madrid needs to be calm, patient against Juventus: Carvajal: Madrid, May 12 (IANS) Spanish giants Real Ma... 
Cavani ready to leave PSG if not put in centre forward: Paris, May 12 (IANS) French club Paris Saint-Germain's... 
New device to improve speech and image recognition: New York, May 12 (IANS) A team of US researchers has creat... 
China provides $300,000 to flood-hit Madagascar: The Chinese government provided $300,000 in cash for victims ... 
Pics: Bradley Cooper passionately kisses Irina Shayk as he drops her off: I like these two together. And it lo... 
Glazers' ownership of Manchester United blasted by MUST: The Manchester United Supporters Trust (MUST) has cla... 
President Barack Obama Surprises 3 Women [VIDEO]: To celebrate Mother’s Day, the White House has released a ve... 
PHOTOS: 15 Ambassadors Pay A Courtesy Visit To Buhari: Yesterday the president-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, had a ... 
Power Sector: Posterity Will Appreciate Our Contribution – Jonathan: Goodluck Jonathan, the outgoing president... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: Below is statement from his Chief Press Secre... 
Muhammadu Buhari: Shehu Shagari visits President-elect [PHOTOS]: Shagari visited Buhari on Monday, May 11, 201... 
Nnamdi Azikiwe: Ex-President’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe died in Onitsha on Sunday, May ... 
'Orange is the New Black': Watch new trailer for TV series: In the new 'Orange is the New Black', it's not all... 
Test Drive Fail: Woman inexplicably crashes Toyota Camry between two cars at dealership after test drive: The ... 
OJB Jezreel: Producer responds to ill health reports, says he is in good health: OJB who was the biggest Niger... 
Sean Tizzle locks lips with female fan during a performance in NY: Singer Sean Tizzle locked lips with a femal... 
Courtroom drinking sage drives crime novel set in Mumbai, Goa: Panaji, May 12 (INS) Sameer Khan's fictionalise... 
Exports of coconut, products from India touch record high: Kochi, May 12 (IANS) While coconut yield in major p... 
40 million deaths a year go unrecorded: Lancet: Washington, May 12 (IANS) Two in three deaths or 40 million pe... 
Mallika Sherawat gears up for Cannes fest: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Actress Mallika Sherawat is headed to Cannes ... 
Walnut diet may slow colon cancer growth: Washington, May 12 (IANS) A diet containing walnuts may lead to gene... 
Brain-dead woman who was kept alive for 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a... 
Brain-dead woman kept alive 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brain dead ... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
Posterity will place me on the right side of history - Pres. Jonathan: President Jonathan says he and his team... 
Dr. Kanye West: Rapper makes powerful speech at Chicago University: ''I'm sorry' is something that you can use... 
Meet Dr. Kanye West: Rapper gets honorary degree from Chicago University: The 37-year-old rapper received an h... 
Internally displaced people die of trauma due to Boko Haram attacks: The Christian Asso­ciation of Nigeria (CA... 
The Game's gift to a boy on his 7th birthday (Photos): Darkima Johnson said she was with her son Jaden last Th... 
Beyoncé rocks shredded jeans on a walk with hubby, Jay-Z (photos): Queen Bey was spotted in shredded jeans and... 
Another Bangladeshi blogger hacked to death: A masked gang wielding machetes has hacked a blogger to death in ... 
Uttarakhand starts pilgrimage for senior citizens: Dehradun, May 12 (IANS) After neighbouring Uttar Pradesh ro... 
New Conservative cabinet to meet on May 27: London, May 12 (IANS) British Prime Minister David Cameron is sche... 
Abuja crews get ready! Remy Martin Danceoff is in your town: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dance competi... 
New Zealand troops set up base in Iraq: Wellington, May 12 (IANS) The New Zealand Defence Force (NZDF) on Tues... 
'Yoga helps make life a pleasant experience': Washington, May 12 (IANS) In another curtain-raiser event ahead ... 
Smart-City Challenge: Building on pillars of good governance (Comment: Special to IANS): The second budget of ... 
Nayanthara being considered for Chiranjeevi's 150th film: Chennai, May 12 (IANS) Leading southern actress Naya... 
Is Obama planning to 'invade' Texas?: Washington, May 12 (IANS) American politics can sometimes border on the ... 
Two charged in Norway over terror activities: Oslo, May 12 (IANS) Norway has charged two men over alleged terr... 
Sunny Tuesday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) It was a sunny Tuesday morning in the national capital with t... 
Sir,My land was converted into non agriculture in 2008 intended to...: Sir,My land was converted into non agri... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
Sensex plunges 205 points in early session: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) A benchmark index of Indian equities markets... 
Pakistan executes death row convict: Islamabad, May 12 (IANS) A convict who had been on death row for 16 years... 
GM foods: India shouldn't give in to anti-science dissent industry (Comment: Special to IANS): With the Europe... 
14 injured in train blast in Bengal: Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) Fourteen people were injured in a low intensity bo... 
Nigeria to organise course for squash referees: Lagos, May 12 (IANS) The Nigeria Squash Federation (NSF) is pl... 
Ekiti: Fayose Explains Recent Spate Of Kidnapping:  Ekiti State governor, Mr. Ayo Fayose has reacted top the s... 
Picasso painting sets world record for art auction at $179M: Women of Algiers by Pablo Picasso sold for $179.4... 
Bruce?s 'Keeping Up...' special compelling: Seacrest: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Anchor-producer Ryan Seacrest... 
Rio Pro postponed due to low swell: Rio de Janerio, May 12 (IANS) The opening day of the Rio Pro was called of... 
Check out the banging body on this 36 year old mother of 6: 36 year old, The Real Housewives of Atlanta star, ... 
Corpse left at General hospital until it began to stink: Foul odour emanating from a decomposing corpse at the... 
US aproves Arctic drilling: Washington, May 12 (IANS) The US has granted conditional approval to energy giant ... 
11 year old pregnant from rape wants child, sparking abortion debate: This is not the childAn 11-year old girl... 
How Liberia overcame Ebola: May 9, 2015, marks 42 days since the last confirmed case of Ebola in Liberia was s... 
Armitage chases Soyinka in race for Oxford’s poetry offer: All eyes are on the Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyi... 
Ibadan ready for Osundare festival: The maiden edition of the Niyi Osundare International Poetry Festival will... 
I’m difficult to be with when writing –Afenfia: Author of Don’t Die on a Wednesday, Michael Afenfia, speaks on... 
Posterity shall judge me right – Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan on Monday expressed confidence that pos... 
Dance Crews Get Ready! Remy Martin Danceoff holds in Abuja this month: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dan... 
Do I need a tablet? Do Not Buy The Wrong Tablet.

Find out what you really need. What you think you want , mig... 
Vitesse defeat Feyenoord, third place unsecure in Eredivisie: The Hague, May 12 (IANS) Vitesse defeated Feyeno... 
Hemsworth worked at pharmacy to pay bills: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) "Thor" fame actor Chris Hemsworth says h... 
Kwankwaso:  Ex-ministry official petitions NHRC: A former official of the Ministry of Defence, Mr. Giwa Oyakhi... 
NMA berates Osun over non-payment of doctors’ salaries: The South-West zone of the Nigerian Medical Associatio... 
Obla faults Kashamu’s lawyer over abduction plot: A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Godwin Obla, has denied ... 
Unpaid salaries: Civil servants beg for money, foodstuffs: Civil servants in Oyo, Osun, Cross River, Rivers, A... 
Four bag 24 years imprisonment for stealing petrol: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday convicted and sent... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
'Last Man Standing' renewed for season five: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) US sitcom "Last Man Standing" is comin... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
Buildings, shops razed in Lagos fire disasters: No fewer than 130 lock-up shops and buildings were razed on Su... 
National ID card would’ve  made PVC unnecessary ─ Fashola: Governor Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Monday... 
'Establishment of Ukraine UN peace support office possible': United Nations, May 12 (IANS) UN Secretary-Genera... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
Chelsea agrees deal with Nathan, the Brazilian youngster confirms: Brazilian midfielder Nathan has a deal to j... 
ASUU demands unconditional release of kidnapped lecturer: The Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obaf... 
Azikiwe’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of pioneer President of Nigeria, Dr. ... 
Senate: North-Central leaders drum up support for Akume: A group of North-Central leaders under the aegis of L... 
`American Idol' to end after season 15: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Singing based reality show "American Idol" ... 
Cannabis decriminalisation eases tensions in Jamaica: San Juan, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Jamaica's marijuana decrimin... 
Tribunal orders service of court papers on Gombe gov: The Gombe State Election Petitions Tribunal on Monday gr... 
Nigerian, Chadian troops not  cooperating over B’Haram war –Deby: Chadian President Idriss Deby said on Monday... 
Love Horoscope - Tuesday, 12th May 2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how t... 
Career Horoscope- Tuesday, 12th May 2015: What your zodiac sign says about your career today: This reading wil... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
Andrea Pirlo 'sure' Manchester United regret letting Paul Pogba leave in 2012: Juventus playmaker Andrea Pirlo... 
Gov candidate denies embezzling N400m: The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Enugu St... 
EFCC to amend charges in Nnamani’s N5bn fraud case: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has pleaded f... 
Jonathan, Buhari’s committees meet again, deny rift: The leadership of the two transition committees set up to... 
Court orders police to reopen Enugu assembly: An Enugu Federal High Court on Monday ordered the police to reop... 
Rivers’ election tribunal to hear 56 petitions: Fifty-six election petitions have been filed before the Rivers... 
Salaries: Rivers’ assembly dares Amaechi, summons nine aides: THE Rivers State House of Assembly appears to be... 
APC to Jonathan: Only the guilty should be afraid: The All Progressives Congress on Monday said only those who... 
Thunderbolt hits five in Ogun school, kills vendor: Five people, including three food vendors, a teacher and a... 
We had sex twice by mutual consent ─ 14-year-old: A 14-year-old girl, Jibola (pseudonym), has said she willing... 
Bloomberg partners UNILAG, LBS for training: Bloomberg Media Initiative Africa is collaborating with six unive... 
Buhari must stop rice import, says Sani: Senator-elect, Alhaji Shehu Sani, has called on the incoming Muhammad... 
Why brands need to listen on social media: If I could pinpoint the most important thing we millennials want ou... 
Prem: Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City: Bafetimbi Gomis scored a late goal against the run of play, as Swansea City su... 
Someone steals Chidi Mokeme's Range Rover instagram post...gets caught!: Yesterday, Chidi Mokeme posted this p... 
Mother's Day surprise from President Obama to some lucky mums: US President, Barack Obama yesterday surprised ... 
Photo of Boko Haram survivor who just became a graduate: 26-year-old Abubakar Umar (pictured center) is a surv... 
Over 50 illegal miners held in Colombia: Bogota, May 12 (IANS/EFE) At least 59 people were arrested in Colombi... 
George Clooney won't play prank on wife: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Actor George Clooney is too scared of the ... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Arsene Wenger says Arsenal must be more patient after defeat: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was frustrated wit... 
Ineffective Arsenal fail to take their chances against efficient Swansea: The ESPN FC crew react to Arsenal's ... 
WATCH: Ale's MLS weekly awards: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno brings us the best moments from the week in Major L... 
Educator seeks to revive African values: A culture enthusiast, journalist and educator, Jumoke Owoola, speaks ... 
4-Year Old Boy Kidnapped Inside Lagos Church: The rampant cases of kids being kidnapped in Lagos seem not to h... 
Very graphic! Woman gets deadly infection after getting bad booty shots: Oh my! MediaTakeOut received a photo ... 
'We have nothing to lose' against Barcelona: Muller: Munich, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Bayern Munich striker Thomas Mu... 
Over 70 tornadoes kill five in US, eight missing: Washington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) More than 70 tornadoes and pow... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Swansea stun Arsenal again: Swansea had already won home and away vs. Manchester United this season and can no... 
Four suspects in the deadly Lekki Phase 1 bank robbery arrested: Four suspects involved in the deadly Lekki Ph... 
Photos: Tyga shares before and after photo of himself and his mum: The rapper shared the photo of himself and ... 

LASG Discovers House Where Crocodiles, Snakes, Others Are Being Reared Illegally: The Lagos State Government h... 
Re: Adamolekun and Buhari’s reform options: First, I do appreciate the intellectuals, especially those in our ... 
Syria opposition coalition turns down talks with UN: Syria’s key opposition National Coalition will not take p... 
NLC sends task forces to states over salary arrears: The Nigeria Labour Congress has dispatched members of its... 
Pics: Ambassadors of Korea, Syria, Kuwait, Kenya, 11 others visit Buhari: President elect, Gen. Buhari receive... 
Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Goal-line tech decider:  
First New York derby in MLS reveals Red Bulls-NYCFC rivalry is real: In the inaugural Hudson River derby, it w... 
Prem: Gomis -- Swansea City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Bafetimbi Gomis (86') Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City 
Swansea win at Arsenal: Arsenal had all the possession and all the chances but Swansea took all three points w... 
Lionel Messi's top goal marks his maturation into a complete player: The ESPN FC panel respond to the tweets f... 
Kerry to visit China, South Korea: Washington, May 12 (IANS) US Secretary of State John Kerry will visit China... 
50 Cent's entourage accused of assault, jewellery robbery: Las Vegas, May 12 (IANS) Rapper 50 Cent's entourage... 
Suspects in Mexico's missing students' case allege torture: Mexico City, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Some of the suspect... 
First son of Nnamdi Azikiwe, Chukwuma dies at 75: The first son of first Nigerian Head of State, Nnamdi Azikiw... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former  President Shehu Shaga... 
Ways to boost  customer happiness: Happy customers are something that no business should ever take for granted... 
Prem: Fabianski denies Cazorla (64'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Santi Cazorla (64') Arsenal 0-0 Swansea City 
Johannsson getting back to his best, Diskerud's poor showing in NY derby: AZ Alkmaar's Aron Johannsson propell... 
Photos: Kanye West receives honourary Doctorate Degree: Kanye West was  decorated with an honorary doctorate d... 
Noel plotted solo career while in Oasis?: London, May 12 (IANS) Musician Noel Gallagher has been accused of pl... 
Dozens killed as violent tribal clashes erupt in Sudan: Khartoum, May 12 (IANS) Dozens were killed and many in... 
Zik’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of first President of Nigeria, Dr Nnamdi ... 
AU congratulates Liberia on Ebola victory: The African Union  has congratulated Liberia on its Ebola-free vict... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former President Shehu Shagar... 
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men. 70 men to 10,000 women...lol: Japanese $20billion porn industry... 
HUMAN BODY: Facts About Memory:  Thanks to our memory we can save the happiest moments of our live as well as ... 
SEE The Names Of 30 Top Army Officers Set To Face Court Martial Over Boko Haram Fight: Thirty top officers  of... 
OPINION: Political Office Holders In Nigeria Took Oaths Just To Break Them: “If oaths are spoken just to be br... 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
OJB Jezreel says he hasn't relapsed: I've asked around and found out OJB Jezreel has unfortunately relapsed an... 
Anti-IS coalition carries out 18 air raids in Iraq, Syria: Washington, May 12 (IANS/AKI) The US-led coalition ... 
Sound Sultan shares photo of himself in a Sauna: Hot papa of three! 
Ogun monarch denies alleged plot to assassinate prince: The Olowo of Owo  in Yewa South Local Government Area ... 
Don asks Benue court to jail attorney-general for contempt: Prof. Tony Ijohor on Monday prayed the Makurdi Hig... 
Nigeria emerged from economic boom poorer – Utomi: Nigeria emerged from a major economic boom in the history o... 
Hundreds evacuated from S’African prison fire: Hundreds of prisoners were evacuated from a prison in the easte... 
Fuel scarcity and the agony of Nigerians: It started like a trivial development that would soon fizzle out wit... 
Senate Presidency: Akume Lobbies Tinubu, Atiku, Obasanjo And Kwankwaso: As the race for the senate presidency ... 
OMG! How A Group Of Prostitutes Beat Up Pastor In Calabar: It was a show of shame in Calabar as a group of pro... 
JUST IN: Son Of Nigeria’s Former President Dies: Chukwuma Bamidele, the son of late Nnamdi Azikiwe, Nigeria’s ... 
#50NairaStory Initiatives; 4 awesome movies premieres this Sunday: It’s the #50NairaStory; get ready to witnes... 
Popular US blogger Perez Hilton is a dad again: Popular blogger, columnist and television personality, Perez H... 
Photos: protest in Abuja over the execution of Nigerians in Indonesia: Members of United Nigerians in Diaspora... 
Suspected trafficking ring leader surrenders to Thai police: Bangkok, May 12 (IANS) An alleged leader of a hum... 
Warner, Henriques guide Sunrisers to five-run win over Kings XI (Roundup): Hyderabad, May 12 (IANS) Leading fr... 
EU seeks UN backing to deal with  migrant trafficking issue: New York, May 12 (IANS/AKI) European Union foreig... 
Saudi-led air strikes hit missile warehouse in Yemen capital: Sana'a, May 11 (IANS) War planes of the Saudi-le... 
IPL Scoreboard: Sunrisers vs Kings XI Punjab: Hyderabad, May 12 (IANS) Following is the scorecard of the India... 
Senate asks SEC to sanitise business environment, attract investors : The Chairman, Senate Committee on Capita... 
Jonathan convenes last Council of State meeting: President Goodluck Jonathan has convened what appears to be t... 
Irregular periods and infertility: the menstrual cycle, which is counted from the first day of one period to t... 
Tribunal orders service of papers on Gombe gov: Gombe State Election Petitions Tribunal on Monday granted an a... 
SAN disowns Kashamu over abduction plot story: A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Godwin Obla, has denied lea... 
Photos: Tonto Dikeh steps out in her new look: Tonto Dikeh unveiled her new look as she stepped out earlier to... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
Aftermath Of 2015 Elections: Boomerang Effects Of Impeachment Plots: 
I Love Opening My Cleavage, My Husband Likes It Too – Popular Nollywood Actress: Popular Nollywood Yoruba actr... 
Jonathan’s And Buhari’s Committees Make SURPRISING Statement After Another Meeting: The two transition committ... 
International Recognition? United Nations Invites Biafra Group To Its Next Meeting: A group representing the i... 
Skales: 10 things to expect from singer's debut album 'Man Of The Year': From amazing features to absence of h... 
Anything wrong with this photo?: You feel some type of way about this pic? 
Italy caps visitors to ancient site Pompeii: Rome, May 11 (IANS/AKI) Italy has limited the number of visitors ... 
Reconsider judicial primacy in judges appointment, government asks SC: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Central go... 
Four Punjab Police officials suspended for assaulting PR official: Chandigarh, May 11 (IANS) The Punjab Police... 
World's Sexiest Men 2015: Nigerian men 8th in top 10 list ... No Ghana, South Africa: Nigeria, with 721 votes,... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President’s transition committee meets with Buhari’s [PHOTOS]: The meeting held on Monday, ... 
Nude Kim Kardashian: It's chalk and skin as Kanye's bae goes naked... AGAIN!: Kim Kardashian's new pictures fo... 
In Egypt: 5 Coptic Christian children arrested for 'insulting ISIS' in leaked video: In a report published Tue... 
Lecrae: Christian rapper says God is reason for his success: According to Lecrae, he said that he doesn't beli... 
I am so insecure, I can't leave home without spanx- Kim Kardashian West: Kim K who wore one of her own clothes... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Manchester City get Financial Fair Play boost, but will they splash the cash?: Manchester City have invested i... 
Can Bayern turn it around in second leg?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michallik believe Bayern Munich is... 
Mariner: Can Ronaldo save Real's CL hopes?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner believes Juventus will progress past Real M... 
Guardiola built a different Barcelona:  
UNUSUAL BREAKFAST: SEE Who Dele Momodu Was Spotted Dining With In US (Photos): Nigerian Journalist/Publisher, ... 
Security Operatives Walk Out Journalist From Aso Rock: Security operatives in the Presidential Villa, Aso Rock... 
Change Is Never Easy – Charly Boy Writes Open Letter To Buhari: Some days ago a controversial Nigerian enterta... 
Rivers elections tribunal to hear 56 petitions: Fifty-six election petitions have been filed before the River... 
Police recover card readers, laptops in Abia estate: Barely one week after eight staff of the Independent Nati... 
Jonathan’s, Buhari’s committees meet again, deny rift : The leadership of the two transition committees set up... 
Fayose assures hospital of kidnapped victim’s safe return: Ekiti State Governor, Dr. Ayodele Fayose, has assur... 
FLAT NO 3B (4): Where two or more ladies are gathered, their egos reign supreme! Why? Why is it too difficult ... 
109 mn job seekers need to upgrade skills: Badal: Shillong, May 11 (IANS) Around 109 million new job seekers h... 
Delhi Metro records highest ridership on a Monday: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Delhi Metro recorded its highe... 
Turkey sends warship to escort cargo vessel attacked off Libya: Tripoli/Ankara, May 11 (IANS) Turkey has sent ... 
BMC to look after families of dead firemen: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)... 
India, China need ground rules to resolve border dispute: Chinese envoy: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Ahead of Pri... 
Yemen Conflict: Houthi rebels shoot down Moroccan warplane: According to Al-Masirah TV  which is controlled by... 
Personal development: 6 ways to prevent porn from destroying your life and relationship: People who watch porn... 
Cameroon Special: Ndole and fried plantain (dodo): Ndole originates from the Douala tribe in Cameroon and is m... 
Personal development: 7 true quotes that will motivate you to become a better person: When you focus on improv... 
Dear future husband: 4 reasons why I won’t be taking your last name - Relationship blogger writes: The relatio... 
Senate holds valedictory service for Chukwumerije next week: The senate will on Wednesday next,  hold a specia... 
Rivers Assembly dares Amaechi, summons nine gov’s aides: THE Rivers State House of Assembly appears to be on a... 
Ekiti tribunal warns against smear campaign: The Senatorial and State House of Assembly Election Petitions Tri... 
READ What Emmanuel Adebayor’s Brother Did For Being Called A Thief By His Brother: The past week has been a ve... 
PHOTOS: Details Emerge As Chadian President Meets Buhari Behind Closed Doors: Idris Derby, the president of Ch... 
Murder? Suicide? Accident? Student drowns in canal, 2 days before graduation: A 23-year-old final year student... 
Ladies only: 10 times women say 'yes' when the answer should really be 'no': Saying yes to everything especial... 
Grill At The Pent: High fashion, fight weekend with DJ Caise, Ice Prince, BOJ, Ehiz, others: The recent editio... 
Muhammadu Sanusi II: Prioritise education to make youth self-reliant, UNIBEN Chancellor tells FG: “Education s... 
CBN: Apex bank to ease restrictions on forex trade: In light of this, the CBN has begun discussions with banks... 
Tyga replies Blac Chyna's mum after she drags him &amp; his family on social media: Blac Chyna's mum Tokyo Toni is... 
Who's talking about Pep Guardiola?: Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich are suffering through a critical spell but... 
SC stays Madras HC judge's restraint order: New Delhi, May 11 (Lead) The Supreme Court on Monday restrained Ma... 
LeT operative arrested by Delhi Police: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Delhi Police Special Cell has arrested a ... 
Chiranjeevi's 150th film to be launched in August: Hyderabad, May 11 (IANS) Actor-turned-politician K. Chiranj... 
Nepal quake toll reaches 8,151: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) The toll in the April 25 devastating earthquake in Ne... 
Odisha sees 13 percent growth in fish production: Bhubaneswar, May 11 (IANS) Odisha has achieved a record grow... 
Open letter to Mr. President-elect, Buhari - By Charly Boy: Sequel to his opinion on the zoning formula and ou... 
Photos: Meet the instagram-famous dog that makes $15k a month: Canine cuteness! Meet menswear dog, Shiba Inu B... 
Court orders police to reopen Enugu Assembly: An Enugu Federal High Court on Monday ordered the police to reop... 
Assembly suspends three LG bosses, summons Amaechi commissioners: The Rivers State House of Assembly on Monday... 
APGA members may storm Otuoke over unpaid election largesse: Leaders and members of the All Progressive Grand ... 
I didn’t  embezzle N400m, says Enugu APC gov candidate: The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Con... 
Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Spanish court to rule on La Liga strike meet after meeting with league, union: BARCELONA, Spain -- A Spanish c... 
Sorry American Idol Fans || Your Favourite Show Has Been Axed!:  For more than a decade and 3 years, American ... 
PHOTOS: Actress Eniola Badmus Shares Stunning New Pics Of Herself: Nigerian actress, Eniola Badmus popularly k... 
How Boko Haram Fed Us In Sambisa Forest – Rescued Woman: One of the women recently rescued by the Nigerian mil... 
Kwara State Governor Sacks All Political Appointees: Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara State has sacked all p... 
Global Make-over: World’s biggest burger chain, McDonald’s, promises quality turnaround: McDonald’s newly appo... 
Tip of the week: 3 things you should spend more money on: There are sometimes when you have to break the rules... 
Kris Jenner: Star sends touching message to Kanye West on Mother's Day: Is Kris Jenner trying to fill the spac... 
Osama bin Laden: Pulitzer-winning journalist says White House lied about how terrorist was killed: In an artic... 
NOK Culture: Find out everything you need to know about artifacts: Watch documentary on Nok Culture from 'All About'. 
Agric can produce one million jobs a month – Engineers: Nigerian Society of Engineers has urged the Federal Go... 
Buhari, Derby discuss strategies to end Boko Haram: President-elect, Maj. Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, and the Presi... 
State lawmakers operate as governors’ stooges – Mark: Senate President, David Mark, on Monday, reviewed the ac... 
LIB readers claims police brutality - shares her story: Story of alleged police brutality as told by a LIB rea... 
Lok Sabha passes black money bill: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets bill, pr... 
Delhi HC lawyers extend strike till May 13: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Lawyers of the Delhi High Court on Monday... 
Uttarakhand to launch 'Mukhya Mantri Adarsh Gram Yojna': Dehradun, May 11 (IANS) Uttarakhand will soon launch ... 
Cooperation in space, defence with Russia deepened: Mukherjee: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) President Pranab Mukhe... 
Maharashtra ministers inaugurate liqour bar!: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) In a major embarrassment to Maharashtra Ch... 
Autism Awareness Events by the C.A.D.E.T. Academy, Abuja: The Comprehensive Autism and related Disabilities Ed... 
Choi! Rihanna's father wishes Bruce Jenner a Happy Mother's Day: Rihanna's dad Ronald Fenty yesterday took aim... 
The Next Time, I Saw My Love Was At The Mortuary – Mother Of Seven Cries Out:  The Rivers State Commission of ... 
SEE Picture Of Late Gen.Sani Abacha A Day Before He Died: A picture of former military ruler, Gen Sani Abacha ... 
Boko Haram: Chadian President Doesn’t Know Where Shekau Is: President Idris Derby of Chad on Monday made an ab... 
Nigerians Attack Ben Bruce On Twitter: Ben Murray-Bruce has come under attack from some Nigerians who accused ... 
Photos: Lady buys a phone filled with Fufu in Lagos: Just saw this mess on Twitter. Are people for real? Sell ... 
Chris Brown took back the car he bought for Karrueche?: A newly revealed blind item claims Chris Brown took ba... 
Photos from actress Princess Pemu's introduction: Looks like actress Princess Pemu (the one who has a similar ... 
EFCC to amend charges in Nnamani’s fraud case: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has pleaded for mo... 
Cop hits woman who doesn't pay bribe with brick, arrested (Evening Lead): New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A Delhi tra... 
Rain gives relief to Punjab, Haryana: Chandigarh, May 11 (IANS) With the mercury rising in the past one week, ... 
Bayern Munich waiting for manager Pep's answer (Preview): Munich, May 11 (IANS) A glance into a crystal ball m... 
Five dead, 18 injured in Iraq bombings: Baghdad, May 11 (IANS) At least five people were killed and 16 others ... 
Afghan government secures release of 19 hostages: President: Kabul, May 11 (IANS) President Mohammad Ashraf Gh... 
Court okays service of suit challenging Yobe gov’s eligibility: A Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday ordere... 
Jonathan’s men begin clampdown on journalists: President Goodluck Jonathan’s handlers on Monday began what is ... 
Beyonce: 5 Tips on how to get your own 'Jay Z': Despite being tied down for seven years with the same man, Bey... 
In India: 18-yr-old girl gang raped by 3 men who recorded the act on video: It seems rape is the national crim... 
Visual Arts, Erotic Self: UCSD students must perform naked before course mates, lecturer or fail course: To pa... 
Fitness: Why exhaling is good for you: We limit our breath for many reasons. Maybe we are feeling overwhelmed,... 
LoudNProudLive: Hit makers edition with Simi, Tolu and Oyinkanade: The LoudNProudLive 'HIT MAKERS' Edition on ... 
Study, Work &amp; Live in Canada: Do you wish to obtain an international certificate in a reputable &amp; highly rated... 
President of Chad visits GEJ, Buhari in Abuja, says he doesn't know where Shekau: Chadian President, Idris Deb... 
JUST IN: PDP’s Misery Continues As Lagos Party’s Chairman Gets Kicked Out: These are indeed bad times for the ... 
CONFESSION: How I Hypnotized Women With A Magic Ring And Initiated Them Into A Secret Cult: A 19-year-old boy,... 
How To Make Her Fall In Love With You In 5 Easy Ways: There are usually some guys who seem to be blessed with ... 
Moving Forward! Davido Features Trey Songz In New Record!:  Some people keeps setting the pace. Others keep fa... 
SO SAD! Kiss Daniel Suffers Great Loss: Pop singer Kiss Daniel lost his dad, Mr. Kola Anidugbe over the weeken... 
Ex-defence ministry worker petitions NHRC against Kwankwaso: A former Ministry of Defence worker, Mr. Giwa Oya... 
Dumb Criminal: Florida woman wins award for most silly credit card theft: This woman has been dubbed the dumbe... 
Kim Kardashian: Reality star is completely naked again: Is Kim just obsessed with her nakedness or being paid ... 
In New Zealand: Woman lost in forest says she drank breast milk to survive: 29-year old nursing mother, Susan ... 
PHOTOS: Remy Martin throws Lagos' biggest party as over 1000 guests attend: Remy Martin threw a rager for a cr... 
Tim Nicot: Another Belgian footballer dies of cardiac arrest: The 23-year-old defender collapsed on Friday and... 
Kimora Lee shares photo of her husband and all her four children: Former model, fashion mogul, reality star an... 
Late Sani Abacha pictured just a day before he died in 1998: Former military ruler, Gen. Sani Abacha pictured ... 
Photos: Man &amp; woman who met on twitter welcome a child together: This couple first connected on Twitter, then ... 
Photos: TV gal Stephanie Coker rocks green hair: TV personality Stephanie Coker tried green braids and she loo... 
Jayalalithaa's illegal assets only 8 percent of income: Judge: Bengaluru/Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Acquitting AIA... 
Russia, China launch navy drills in Mediterranean: Moscow, May 11 (IANS) An official ceremony in Novorossiisk ... 
Bayern players are losing faith in Guardiola: Lothar Matthaus: Munich, May 11 (IANS) Former Germany footballer... 
Officer killed as Turkish ship bombed near Libyan port: Tripoli, May 11 (IANS) An officer of a Turkish cargo s... 
Activists oppose juvenile justice bill: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A network of NGOs, lawyers, activists and ind... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
New York Red Bulls defeat NYCFC and Columbus, Seattle put on a show: In the inaugural Hudson River derby it wa... 
Four oil thieves bag 24 years jail term: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday convicted and sentenced four ... 
Nigeria, three others to form AU response force: President Idriss Derby of Chad on Monday said a multinational... 
Mouka Re-Introduces ‘Mattress Swap’ Campaign: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and indust... 
Popular Comedian, Nollywood Actor Set To Host Nigerian Achievers Award: Upwardly mobile comedian, Seyi Law and... 
Health Of Imo Residents At Stake: Fed Up With Misrule, FMC Owerri Staff Issue Ultimatum: News about corruption... 
Bishop Emeritus Blesses Buhari, Sets Agenda For President-elect: Cardinal priest, and formerly Archbishop of L... 
The hottest part of hell should be reserved for governors who live large at public expense - Ben Bruce: Ben Mu... 
AFRIFF 2015: Organizers call for entries: Organizers of the always anticipated and exciting film festival, AFR... 
Busted Life: All the photos from London movie premiere with Ramsey Nouah, Majid Micheal, Uku Eke, others: Noll... 
Tonto Dike: Would you rock actress' vampy makeup look?: Actress and entertainer, Tonto Dike shares a fierce ma... 
Daily Devotional - May 11: Anointing for leadership: Even good leaders can fail without being ordained by God,... 
Wrong Call: Prostitutes beat up pastor in Calabar: A so called pastor who secretly patronised prostitutes have... 
Relegation just the beginning for QPR: Queens Park Rangers' fate was finally confirmed on Sunday with a 6-0 de... 
Bayern vs. Barcelona, Real Madrid vs. Juventus - semifinals preview: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
Ligue 1 review: PSG on the brink of the title: PSG closed in on the Ligue 1 title with a 6-0 win over Guingamp... 
Toni Kroos in training for Real Madrid-Juventus tie, Gareth Bale misses out: Real Madrid were handed a fitness... 
La Liga weekend review: Barca march, Real slip: Real Madrid's chase of passing Barcelona for the La Liga title... 
Changes made to land bill as desired by CMs: Modi: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Mo... 
BSF seizes 16 kg ganja in Bengal: Kolkata, May 11 (IANS) The BSF has seized 16 kg of ganja in West Bengal's Mu... 
Nepal government, donors spar over relief, reconstruction fund: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) In the aftermath of t... 
Cash in on e-commerce industry, Prasad tells India Post: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Communications and IT Minist... 
Manisha Koirala to support Nepali women, girls affected by quake: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) Bollywood star and ... 
Nigerian Politicians Are Too Wealthy – Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect representing Bayelsa East and Chairman ... 
SEE Dreadful Figures Of How Much Nigerian Visas Are Obtained In 13 Countries: Research carried out by the Nige... 
PHOTOS: Russian Drug Mule Escapes Indonesian Death Penalty:  An Indonesian court has shown leniancy and avoide... 
Confession Of A Witch: Read The Horrible Thing A Housewife Did To Her Husband’s Son: A 32-year-old housewife i... 
'The X-Files': Fox sets premiere date for January 2016: FOX has announced the premiere date for the upcoming s... 
International Space Station: Out-of-control spacecraft crashes into the Pacific Ocean: NASA and Russian space ... 
In Australia: 17-yr old appears in court over bomb plot: The unnamed teenager had been arrested in a raid on h... 
Wedding Speech: How to write and deliver an award-winning wedding speech: Remember the election? The drama? Th... 
Prince Charles: ''Princess Charlotte will take care of me in my old age'': "I was hoping for a granddaughter. ... 
Power Rankings: D.C. extend their lead:  
Jayalalithaa acquitted of charges, set to return as CM (Roundup): Chennai/Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) In a develo... 
Black money bill moved in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday tabled t... 
Chinese couple holds 'bicycle wedding': Beijing, May 11 (IANS) A newlywed couple in Qinhuangdao city has prove... 
Guardiola rejects City talk, will remain at Bayern: Munich, May 11 (IANS) Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola ... 
Vikas Khanna to present 16-kg cookbook to world leaders: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) Vikas Khanna's 16-kg book on cu... 
National Population Commission begins 2015 education survey: National Population Commission has announced the ... 
Fire injures seven, guts 109 shops in Lagos: No fewer than seven persons sustained varying degrees of injuries... 
Lagos PDP sacks chairman: The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party seems to have extended to its Lagos ... 
Kebbi evacuates 1600 IDPs from Sokoto: Kebbi Government on Monday evacuated no fewer than 1, 600 indigines of ... 
SHOCKER: OJB Jezreel’s Kidney Allegedly Collapses Again: Popular Nigerian song writer, singer and music produc... 
Drunk Policeman Kills Tricycle Driver: The Lagos state police command have launched a manhunt for an Assistant... 
The Rock's personal story about himself &amp; his mum is so touching!: In honour of Mother's Day yesterday, former... 
Davido says he's collaborating with Trey Songz next: He has shot his music video with rapper Meek Mill, next i... 
P&amp;G Nigeria: "Promotion of homegrown content prompted us to support Desperate Housewives Africa": Maker of lea... 
'The Following': Fox cancels series after 3 seasons: 'The Following' won't be returning for a fourth season. 
Angel Di Maria: Paris Saint-Germain set to swoop for forward: Paris-Saint-Germain are set to swoop for Angel D... 
China: Smartphone shipments drop for the first time in six years: In 2011, China surpassed the US as the world... 
Ben Murray-Bruce: ‘If you don’t stop wasting Nigeria’s money, you’ll die,’ Senator-elect warns politicians [VI... 
The Relegation Scrap: Hull in trouble as Premier League battle nears end: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Pre... 
Natalie Nunn denies Nigerian billionaire sugar daddy story: She shared a photo of her husband Jacob Payne and ... 
Using Bangladesh anthem as ringtone illegal: Dhaka, May 11 (IANS) The Supreme Court of Bangladesh on Monday ru... 
ED to take two accused of IPL betting to Gujarat: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Two men arrested by the Enforcement... 
Hollande first French president to officially visit Cuba: Havana, May 11 (IANS) Francois Hollande arrived in H... 
60 killed in fight for hospital control in Syria: Beirut, May 11 (IANS) At least 60 people have died in clashe... 
British professor revives 18th century Indian music: London, May 11 (IANS) Working with Indian musicians, a Br... 
Zendaya: Actress graduates from high school: But was Zendaya likely on set filming her Disney Channel series K... 
Wedding Planning: Choosing your wedding venue: Choosing a wedding venue might seem like a task consisting only... 
SMEDAN: DG says neglect of entrepreneurship spirit in youths is major cause of unemployment: The DG said the p... 
Hugh Jackman: 'Wolverine 3' will be actor's last 'X-Men' film: Hugh Jackman has confirmed that 'Wolverine 3' w... 
Mercy Aigbe: Actress opens up on why her first marriage crashed: According to her the marriage did not work be... 
PDP Crises: Muazu Must Go – Anenih:  Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s Pioneer National Woman leader and member,... 
Why Buhari Will Not Probe Jonathan – APC: In response to a statement by out-going President Goodluck Jonathan ... 
Keystone Direct Airtime! Get 100% airtime bonus on recharge cards: Discover an easier way to top up your phone... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Striker light Liverpool must sign a goalscorer to compete once again: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol reacts to Liverpoo... 
Lagos PDP sacks Chairman, appoints replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
S’Korea vows ‘merciless’ response to North’s missiles: South Korea has said North Korea’s recent test-firing o... 
Ahmed dissolves Kwara cabinet: The Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, has dissolved the State Exec... 
Epic shade! This Ghanaian just finished Nigeria on instagram: Can you imagine? Lol. What we're used to is into... 
Why some people love whispering porn?: New York, May 11 (IANS) Have you ever tried or heard of a whisper porn?... 
A plant that leads to diamond deposits: New York, May 11 (IANS) A geologist has found a rare African plant tha... 
Gadkari denies wrongdoing, Rajya Sabha disrupted: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha was disrupted Monda... 
Traffic policeman who hits woman with brick held: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A Delhi Traffic Police head constab... 
Fresh avalanches paralyse search operations in Nepal's Langtang: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS/ (EFE) More avalanche... 
Photos: Actress Eniola Badmus shares lovely new photos of herself: Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus shared the... 
New Music: Shayne YG - 'Shades of Sade' (S.O.S): The song produced by Bobby Combz is a fusion of Afro-Pop and ... 
Emmanuel Adebayor: Younger brother of Togolese player apologises for several theft: In an interview with BBC, ... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President to hand over N12trn public debt to Buhari: Nigeria’s public debt rose from N10.16... 
Going Home: Pregnant woman killed by OPC laid to rest: The 25 year old pregnant lawyer who was killed during a... 
In Indonesia: At least 600 migrants rescued from drifting boats: The migrants are believed to be Bangladeshis ... 
Buhari To Send Top Security Officials Packing: Following his victory at the polls, president-elect, General Mu... 
Skuki and Friends Campus Concert.. #SFCC: Nigerian youths, its time for some serious turn up, as Skuki and Fri... 
Mother shot while pregnant shares a powerful, inspiring story on Mother's Day: Be inspired &amp; marvel at God's w... 
Buhari won’t persecute anyone, clear your conscience – APC: The All Progressives Congress has said the incomin... 
Root should be England captain: Botham: London, May 11 (IANS) Former all-rounder Ian Botham says it is time to... 
Kerala girl athletes from SAI recovering well: Doctor: Alappuzha (Kerala) May 11 (IANS) The condition of the t... 
Arjun Kapoor turns three in film world: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) Arjun Kapoor completed three years in the world ... 
Teenager cured of paralysis with new therapy: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A teenaged girl, suffering from partial... 
Audi launches RS 7 Sportback, priced at Rs.1.40 crore: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) German luxury automobile manufact... 
Prince Harry: British Royal meets 100-yr-old 'Harry The Lizard': The 30-year-old royal met and snapped with hi... 
Memphis Depay: Why Manchester United signing will be Wayne Rooney's boxing partner: Images from Memphis Depay'... 
Timaya: Music star's baby mama shows off baby bump: The picture was taken in the United States where Barbara w... 
In South Africa: Country's major opposition party elects first black leader: Prior to now, the party struggled... 
Entrepreneurial Development: University don says government has to do more: A Professor at the University of A... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor's brother begs for forgiveness: Emmanuel Adebayor's brother, Rotimi Adebayor, who... 
GOOD NEWS: Mysterious Disease Totally Eradicated In Ondo State: The Ondo state government has assured local re... 
MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan Were On Fire At The Star Music Trek In Abakaliki [PHOTOS]:  It was time for the... 
Minister Faults Buhari For Obeying Traffic Regulations: Former minister of external affairs, Bolaji Akinyemi h... 
Malaysia detains hundreds of migrants arriving on boats: Malaysian police say more than 1,000 migrants from My... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
OJB's kidney reportedly collapses again: Popular Nigerian music producer and singer, Babatunde Okungbowa popul... 
One killed in Turkish ship attack off Libya: One seaman was killed and several wounded when a Cook Islands-fla... 
Beautiful photos of basketball player Chris Bosh and his family...: NBA Player, Chris  Bosh and his wife, Adri... 
Do men wish for the same thing for their daughters as they wish for their wives?: Saw this on twitter. A chart... 
Get a Job in 10 minutes, take the 10:10 Challenge: What can you do in 10minutes? Boil an egg? Record a song? O... 
Tea Recipe: Check out this classic tea: Although, it is just tea but this classic recipe taste heavenly and delicious 
Dencia: Take a look at the Whitenicious boss' California mansion: Her residence is at almost 7000 square feet ... 
Tony Elumelu: Billionaire businessman to speak at White House event for emerging entrepreneurs: The event will... 
Haile Gebrselassie: Legendary long distance runner retires: The 42-yearold on Sunday, May 10 confirmed his ret... 
Photo of the Day: Rukky Sanda shares sefie with Ini Edo: Pulse Photo of the Day presents you with interesting,... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Constituion Amendment: Supreme Court Can’t Stop Amendment – Senate: The Nigerian Senate on Sunday said that th... 
NEVER BEEN SEEN Photos Of Nadia Buari When She Was Heavily Pregnant:  Show us an actress that knows her game s... 
Boko Haram: Refugee Camp Witnesses Baby Boom:  In a Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camp at Kalambaina, So... 
Fire Ravages Popular Market on Ikorodu Road: There was a fire outbreak at the popular eleran (ram) market at O... 
AMAZING! Popular Actor Buys N20m Range Rover For wife On Mothers’ Day(PHOTOS): Nollywood actor and businessman... 
Joey's Monday Musings: Nigeria really does not care about dead migrants in the Mediterranean: Truth is, Nigeri... 
Steven Gerrard: Liverpool captain reveals why never signed for Jose Mourinho: Steven Gerrard has revealed that... 
Morgan Freeman: Actor calls for legalization of marijuana: The Hollywood movie legend says he uses cannabis to... 
Funke Akindele: Do you remember when Jenifa was Bisi?: Check out Funke Akindele as Bisi in the once hit TV ser... 
Sylvester ‘Sly’ Ojigbede: Read how the Classic FM OAP died: According to reports, Sly had Spinal Tuberculosis ... 
Photos: Kim K gets naked in sexy photoshoot for her website: Mrs West shows off her body - nude &amp;  painted in ... 
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Borussia Dortmund rule out major overhaul and dismiss Mario Gotze talk: Borussia Dortmund have said they have ... 
Huddah Monroe shares pic from her private party in Banana Island: The former BBA star shared the photo above w... 
Ministerial List Conflict: Buhari, APC Governors’ Alliance Looks To Be Heading South: General Muhammadu Buhari... 
70-Year-Old Woman Kidnaps 3-Year-Old-Girl, Plans To Use Her For…: Kwara state police command arrested a 70-yea... 
Five Of The Best And Worst Teams/Players Of The Week: 
Oba Of Lagos Issues Royal Decree To  Non-Indigenes: The Oba of Lagos, Riliwanu Akiolu, has cautioned non- indi... 
Weekend Round Up: No Joy For Real Madrid, Bayern As Aguero, Cavani Hit Hatricks: 
CAR militias agree to disarmament deal: Rival armed groups in Central African Republic agreed on Sunday to a p... 
President Jonathan should not be scared of persecution - APC: Read the APC press statement below...The All Pro... 
Royco Women Who Really Cook contest: Royco Nigeria has rewarded two African women with Kitchen appliances for ... 
Kenyan newspaper publishes list of top gays and lesbians in their country: But why na, Kenya? A Kenyan newspap... 
I killed to avenge the killing of my friend- Cult member says: 20-year old Joberi Pyagbara, a Rivers state bas... 
Nadal to fight to reclaim top four ranking: Madrid, May 11 (IANS) Spanish star Rafael Nadal intends to return ... 
Odisha-born producer to promote ten films at Cannes fest: Bhubaneswar, May 11 (IANS) Odisha-born producer Jite... 
NASA's heartbeat-detecting technology saves lives in Nepal: Washington, May 11 (IANS) A new heartbeat-detectin... 
OPEC daily basket price closes over a dollar lower: Vienna, May 11 (IANS/WAM) The basket of 12 crude oils of t... 
Dave Annable, Odette Yustman expecting first child: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Actor Dave Annable and his wife... 
Mediterranean Migrants: EU proposes assigning migrant quota to member countries: In determining the quotas, a ... 
Toke Makinwa: Media personality talks about not spoiling kids with expensive gifts: oke Makinwa also said that... 
Sad News: Movida club owner, Akeem Shodeinde passes on: Popular club owner, Akeem Shodeinde has finally succum... 
Drinks: Luscious Slush Punch [Recipe]: This recipe is EXCELLENT! In all honesty, I have been searching for the... 
Pulse Nigeria Poll: Pulse readers agree it is best to tell a fiancé if they once dated the father: Pulse Niger... 
Real Madrid said 'goodbye' to La Liga title vs. Valencia - Dani Carvajal: Dani Carvajal believes Real Madrid h... 
Pics: Kanye West stops smiling as soon as he spots paparazzi..lol: Kanye West was caught smiling while watchin... 
Dear LIB readers; My man can't get it up &amp; has refused to seek help: From a female LIB readerI am a frustrated... 
No progress in Bobbi Kristina Brown's health: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Reality TV personality-singer Bobbi K... 
Wolfsburg win, Cologne upset Schalke in Bundesliga: Berlin, May 11 (IANS) VFL Wolfsburg cruised past strugglin... 
No evidence of life in 100,000 galaxies: Scientists: Washington, May 11 (IANS) After searching 100,000 galaxie... 
Facebook 'testing' in-app internal search engine: New York, May 11 (IANS) Social networking site Facebook is t... 
400 suffer spinal injuries in Nepal quake: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) More than 400 people have sustained spinal... 
Pulse Frontpage: Read today's newspaper headlines [Monday, May 11, 2015]: Find out what is making headlines al... 
Jason Njoku: Meet the founder and CEO of iROKOtv: The success of NollywoodLove on YouTube led to a successful ... 
Rolls-Royce: The new Wraith is couture on wheels: The new Wraith Inspired by Fashion has an overabundance of R... 
Nadia Buari: Ghanaian actress shares pregnancy pictures on Mother's Day: Nadia Buari shocked the movie industr... 
Bobby Brown, Houston Family: Both forced to share responsibility for Bobbi Kristina: This decision was taken b... 
WAP announces new ThisLife story: TV lovers across Nigeria are in for a swell time as Wale Adenuga Productions... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
Bayern Munich owe Pep Guardiola a performance against Barcelona: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique is well aware ... 
United-bound Memphis Depay admires Cristiano Ronaldo; nearly joined PSG: Memphis Depay has said he looks up to... 
Typhoon kills two in Philippines: Two people were killed after a powerful storm grazed the country’s northeast... 
Mouka Excites Customers with ‘MATTRESS SWAP’ Offer: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and ... 
If I Resign PDP Will Be Buried – Mu’azu: The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji A... 
Romance With Popular Nollywood Actress: Gbadamosi’s Wife Denies Husband Sent Her Packing: The wife of a London... 
National Assembly Leadership: Kwankwaso Warns APC To Be Wary Of PDP: As the struggle for the speakership in th... 
Kendall and Khloe Kardashian booed at a basket ball game (photos): Khloe and Kendall were shown on  camera to ... 
They say this is inside Dencia's new LA mansion (photos): Yesterday Dencia showed us her new LA mansion (see h... 
Pulse TV Uncut: Wizkid sprays dollars on fan who danced for him in Houston: There seem to be no end to the cas... 
James McAvoy: Actor goes bald for 'X-Men: Apocalypse' character: James McAvoy is ready to play professor Charl... 
WTF: Man found having sex with a car exhaust: In the bizarre video, the man can be seen thrusting his penis in... 
Muhammadu Buhari: ‘Change can’t happen overnight,’ President-elect says: Buhari also explained that it would t... 
Oba of Lagos: ‘Non-indigenes must respect their hosts,’ monarch says: Oba Akiolu also stated that he has no gr... 
Tamil Nadu chief minister may resign soon: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam i... 
Jayalalithaa-led AIADMK juggernaut set to roll: Analyst: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) With former Tamil Nadu chief m... 
20 die in Jammu road accident: Jammu, May 11 (IANS) Twenty people died on Monday in the Jammu region after a b... 
Three killed in Pakistan blast: Islamabad, May 11 (IANS) At least three people were killed on Monday in a blas... 
Land acquisition bill introduced in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The government on Monday introduced th... 
Friends and associates have abandoned me since I lost the election - GEJ: Before? Unfortunately, that's how so... 
Adamu Mu’azu: PDP will be buried if I resign – Chairman: Some chieftains of the party have been calling for Mu... 
Morning Teaser: 'My husband wants to divorce me because I can't give him a child': A Pulse reader wants your a... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect meets with Northern Elders Forum [PHOTOS]: Members of the forum paid a congr... 
Wayne Rooney: Manchester United captain on day out with family: Last week, Rooney and his wife, Coleen took th... 
Miraculous: Women gives birth to twins who have two different fathers: The rare occurrence was revealed when t... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted in disproportionate assets' case: Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) In a relief to former Tamil ... 
Saudi king to skip US-Gulf summit: Washington, May 11 (IANS) Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud will not ... 
India will bring Dawood Ibrahim back: Rajnath: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday ... 
Land acquisition bill again moved in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The government on Monday introduced t... 
Drug target for Ebola-like viruses identified: Ottawa, May 11 (IANS) Researchers have identified the Achilles'... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
Boat carrying 400 migrants rescued off Indonesia: A second boat carrying hundreds of migrants from Myanmar and... 
Reality star Natalie Nunn allegedly cheating on hubby with Nigerian billionaire: MediaTakeOut yesterday put ma... 
Jonathan Is Leaving Solid Economic Legacies For Buhari — Okonjo-Iweala: Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, the coordinat... 
Buruji Kashamu Is Afraid Of His Own Shadow – Adoke:  Minister of Justice, Mr. Mohammed Adoke, told press Buruj... 
Mother And Children Who Sing: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deacon... 
Mother And Children Who Sings: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deaco... 
Nigerian visa reportedly goes for one dollar in 13 countries: According to a report by Punch, while Nigerians ... 
'Constantine', 'State of Affairs': NBC cancels TV series: NBC cancels 'Constantine', 'State of Affairs' amongs... 
Emmanuel Adebayor: Togolese striker reveals more dirty details about his brother, Rotimi: Emmanuel Adebayor ha... 
Patoranking: 'Moving my family out of the ghetto is my greatest achievement' says dancehall act: Patoranking s... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Goodluck Jonathan: ‘I expect to be persecuted by Buhari administration,’ President says: President Goodluck Jo... 
Pulse Album Review: The Indestructible Choc Boi Nation shows that Choc City is ready to play: This album is a ... 
OASIS EPISODE 23 RECAP: Love, laughter, regret and eating with the enemy. These describe this week’s episode q... 
Moroccan F-16 goes missing in Yemen: A Moroccan F-16 warplane taking part in a bombing campaign in Yemen led b... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
Barcelona leading race for Brazilian star Garson: Rio de Janeiro, May 11 (IANS) Spanish football club FC Barce... 
Too busy to take up direction now: Vijay Anthony: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Composer-turned-actor Vijay Anthony s... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted in disproportionate assets case: Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) A special bench of the Karnat... 
Scotland tops league for gay equality: London, May 11 (IANS) Scotland has been rated as the best country in Eu... 
'Selfie' course introduced in University of California: Washington, May 11 (IANS) The University of Southern C... 
Chris Brown spends $200k on a Richard Mille watch (photo): While some people are missing jewelries worth $250k... 
Curiosity rover clicks serene sunset on Mars: Washington, May 11 (IANS) In what could be a perfect desktop or ... 
Celebrations outside Jayalalithaa's residence: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Celebrations broke outside AIADMK genera... 
Ex-Brazil stopper Dida on Coritiba radar: Rio de Janeiro, May 11 (IANS) Internacional could sell former Brazil... 
I have a land of 2400 sft in Bangalore.   it is almost 20 years since...: I have a land of 2400 sft in Bangalo... 
Drizzle in Delhi: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) It drizzled in the national capital on Monday, bringing down the me... 
Egypt policeman suspected of killing protester detained: An Egyptian judge has ordered the detention of a poli... 
50 cent jeweler accuses the rapper's crew of theft and assault: 50 Cent is currently being investigated by Las... 
General Medical Checkup: Nigeria can be very stressful at times and between the traffic, petrol queues and lon... 
Condemned soldiers: Lawyer appeals  to Jonathan, COAS: The Counsel for 12 soldiers condemned to death   by a G... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
Modi's visit to China: How long can policy of accommodation continue? (Comment: Special to IANS): The rise of ... 
New Zealand engineers to assess Nepal quake damage: Wellington, May 11 (IANS) A team of engineers from New Zea... 
Sensex up around 250 points; auto stocks rise: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) A benchmark index of Indian equities mark... 
Cat festival held in Belgian town: Brussels, May 11 (IANS) The 44th edition of  'Festival of the Cats' was hel... 
UP minister's daughter's body not recovered yet: Lucknow/Rishikesh, May 11 (IANS) Body of 22-year-old Adeeba S... 
Commuters stranded as DTC drivers go on strike: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Commuters depending on buses for thei... 
Hello, I am a resident of pune but was born in Mumbai dated 28/05/...: Hello, I am a resident of pune but was ... 
Awww, Kim Kardashian's mother's day present from hubby Kanye West:  
ISIS sets ‘honey traps’ to ensnare and execute homosexuals: In its crusade against homosexuals, the Islamic St... 
Commuters stranded as DTC drivers go on strike: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Commuters depending on buses for thei... 
Chivas face neighbors Atlas, America draw Pachuca in 2015 Clausura: Reigning Liga MX champion Club America wil... 
US 'certainly vulnerable' to IS: Senator: Washington, May 11 (IANS) The US is "certainly vulnerable" in its fi... 
Payne wraps Horan's car in toilet paper: London, May 11 (IANS) One Direction singer Liam Payne teamed up with ... 
Talking Points: Gerrard sendoff, UCL fallout, drop zone, A-League: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and Liverpool... 
Highlights: New York Red Bulls 2-1 NYCFC: In the inaugural Hudson River derby it was Bradley Wright-Phillips w... 
Simon Cowell knows little about music: Waterman: London, May 11 (IANS) Record producer Pete Waterman, who was ... 
English Premier League standings: London, May 11 (IANS) Following are the English Premier League standings aft... 
Powell sets fastest 100m time: Former world record-holder Asafa Powell clocked a world leading 9.84 seconds to... 
S’West rugby: Cowrie  extend lead: Cowrie Rugby Football Club on Saturday extended their lead at the summit of... 
Yussuf Alli worries over fumbling male athletes: Commonwealth gold medallist, Yussuf Alli, has lamented the po... 
Justice urges Keshi to focus on young players: Former Eagles midfielder, Justice Christopher, has urged Super ... 
T.B. Joshua’s hide-and-seek game with Lagos coroner: As the coroner’s inquest into the deaths in Synagogue’s b... 
Emel, Stanley collaborate on home security system: Emel Group of Companies has said it is working with Stanley... 
TUC, developer to build 100,000 housing units: The Trade Union Congress, in partnership with a private develop... 
Actis to complete Heritage Place in December: Heritage Place, the $100m (N20bn) 14-floor modern office buildin... 
FG should commercialise, not privatise FHA – SSACTAC: The Federal Housing Authority should be commercialised a... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
NCF advises incoming govt on Great Green Wall project: The incoming government needs to urgently look into the... 
Architecture bodies rise against foreign incursion: The Architects Registration Council of Nigeria and the Nig... 
Unplanned retirement, recipe for disaster – Ideva: The Managing Director Premium Pension Limited, Mr. Wilson I... 
Continental Re made N1.1bn profit in Q1: Continental Reinsu-rance Plc’s profit before tax rose by 46 per cent ... 
LASPEC prepares civil servants for retirement: The Lagos State Pension Commission has said over 1,000 of its e... 
Mansard counts gains as AXA  takes majority stake: The Chairman, Mansard Insurance Plc, Mr. Victor Osibodu, sa... 
New Zealand engineers to assess quake damage in Nepal: Wellington, May 11 (IANS) An engineering team from New ... 
Toronto FC lose home opener to Houston Dynamo: TORONTO -- Boniek Garcia and Will Bruin scored and the Houston ... 
Adoke’s friend leaked plot to abduct me – Kashamu: Ogun-East senator-elect, Buruji Kashamu, has said that he g... 
‘There’s need to restructure electoral system’: THE Anglican Bishop of Minna Diocese, The Rt. Rev. Daniel Yisa... 
Insubordination: Military-trained policemen may face disciplinary action: Ten policemen who were being detaine... 
B’Haram:  63 children, six pregnant women rescued: Of the 275 persons that were rescued and handed over to the... 
Nigeria’s economy won’t collapse – Okonjo-Iweala: Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on Sunday nigh... 
Ozzy Osbourne donates $10,000 to kids' music group: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) A group of young percussionists... 
I killed to avenge friend’s death –Cultist: A 20-year old man, Joberi Pyagbara, now in police custody for his ... 
Find my husband’s killers, gold-winning  weightlifter tells govt: Mrs. Okwuchi Nwokennaya, the widow of the la... 
My kidnappers boasted they had police informants –Victim: A physiotherapist, Mrs. Uju Onotai, who was kidnappe... 
We are dying of hunger, FG retirees lament: Some retirees of the Federal Government under the Pay-as-you-go Pe... 
REPLA targets customer service excellence: Royal Exchange Prudential Life Assurance has said it will focus on ... 
Highlights: Toronto FC 1-2 Houston: The Houston Dynamo triumphed 2-1 over Toronto FC at BMO Field courtesy of ... 
Nigeria’s debt hits N12tn: The debt owed by both the Federal Government and the 36 states of the federation as... 
Poor distribution worsens fuel scarcity: Poor distribution network and the unwillingness of the Nigerian Natio... 
Transcorp to begin oil exploration: Transnational Corporation of Nigeria Plc has unfolded plans to begin the e... 
Sterling Bank to raise N30bn in fresh capital: Sterling Bank Plc says it is planning to raise between $100m (N... 
IOSCO moves to tackle investment fraud: The International Organisation of Securities Commissions says it has r... 
Aww, check out what Kanye did for Kim K (:  
Nigeria soldiers on deathrow allegedly being starved of food &amp; water: According to a report by Sahara Reporter... 
Idiotic: Man robs store, posts robbery on instagram: The absolute law we learn from movies about robberies and... 
Barbaric: Boy, 12, made to watch as mother is burnt for 'witchcraft': A twelve-year-old boy was made to look o... 
More clever ways to make money online: Become an Internet life coach Because of the strong interest in quality... 
Firefighter collapses inside well while rescuing plumber: An official of the Lagos Sate Fire Service on Saturd... 
Gunmen abduct OAU lecturer, kill driver, demand N70m: Some gunmen on Friday abducted a lecturer at the Obafemi... 
CitiBank promises more support for aviation sector: Citibank Nigeria Limited says it will increase its support... 
Brain tumours in children: Children in Nigeria with brain tumours have a rough deal in terms of gaining access... 
Hernanes brace seals Inter Milan comeback, Sampdoria keep up European push: Hernanes scored twice against his ... 
Being in love terrible for waistline: Sarah Harding: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Singer-actress Sarah Harding's... 
Putin, Merkel call for dialogue to solve Ukraine crisis: Moscow, May 11 (IANS) Russian President Vladimir Puti... 
Photos of actress Nadia Buari during her pregnancy: We didn't even know the actress was pregnant until news of... 
Something For Mother's Day: Woman was knocked out on heroine while her 6-month-old crying and sweating: A moth... 
Muhammadu Buhari: 'The economy needs emergency revival': The President-elect said the country needs to quickly... 
Relegation deserved for pathetic QPR with future bleak under Fernandes: QPR coach Chris Ramsey dubbed his side... 
Photo: Beyonce with her mum vs Beyonce with her daughter: In celebration of Mother's Day, Beyonce shared this ... 
DJ Jimmy Jatt &amp; Dakore Akande cover new issue of Complete Fashion mag: Popular DJ, Jimmy Jatt and actress, Dak... 
Rhino poaching continues unabated in South Africa: Pretoria, May 11 (IANS) South Africa has lost 393 rhinos th... 
Skales, Uti, Mercy Aigbe, others storm Lagos for Nexus Brandshop Launch: Popular Nigerian celebrities, Skales,... 
Paris Hilton wants 'normal' boyfriend: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Socialite Paris Hilton, who has previously d... 
In Kano: Contractors accuse govt of owing N16 billion for completed projects: The association said the state g... 
Twellman: Toronto have a cohesive attack: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey and Taylor Twellman preview Toronto FC's mat... 
Prem: City thrash QPR, Liverpool draw: Manchester City handled Queens Park Rangers quite easily in their 6-0 w... 
Trek For Loss: Governor Who Lost Election Gets Sympathy Walk: It is a season for trekkers! And it is not only ... 
MORE DRAMA: Emmanuel Adebayor Reveals More On How His Brother Stole From Int’l Stars:  It seems the revelation... 
Behold! The Only Outgoing Governor That Will Not Leave Any Debt For His Successor: Katsina State Governor, Ibr... 
NPFL: Sunshine thrash Shooting 2-0, other results: Sunshine Stars Football Club of Akure on Sunday defeated vi... 
'Avengers: Age Of Ultron' dominates North American box office: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) "Avengers: Age Of Ul... 
Rosberg beats Hamilton to win Spanish GP: Barcelona, May 11 (IANS) Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg beat reigning ... 
Jessica Alba's struggle with homework: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Actress Jessica Alba says she doesn't unders... 
Family drama! Emmanuel Adebayor responds to one of his fans on facebook:  A female fan Rachel Mahoe left a com... 
Boko Haram: 20 killed as terrorists attack Borno village: Report says the terrorists collaborated with some re... 
Don’t expect radical revolution from Buhari – Okogie: The Catholic Archbishop Emeritus, Anthony Cardinal Okogi... 
LASG treats 496 patients for cardiac, renal ailments: The Lagos State Government says 496 patients had receive... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
Liverpool's attack lets them down again: Replacing Luis Suarez and keeping Daniel Sturridge healthy were alway... 
Coutinho bright for Liverpool in disappointing 1-1 draw at Chelsea: Steven Gerrard scored and received a stand... 
Good News: Fayose Announces When Ekiti Workers Will Get April Salary: After over a month without getting paid ... 
Jonathan Talks About Life After May 29, Says He Hopes Patience Will Not Divorce Him: President Goodluck Jonath... 
Mercy Aigbe’s Husband Reveals What The Actress Calls Him When She’s Angry: Popular Nollywood actress and mothe... 
I Am Looking Forward To Buhari Probing Me And My Ministers – President Jonathan: Outgoing President Goodluck J... 
Iran condemns Saudi-led attack on Yemen as 'genocide': Tehran, May 11 (IANS) Iranian foreign ministry spokeswo... 
Murray rolls over Nadal in Madrid Open final: Madrid, May 11 (IANS/EFE) Britain's Andy Murray, the No. 2 seed,... 
Atletico Madrid draw late on Fernando Torres goal, Campbell leads Villarreal: Fernando Torres scored with 10 m... 
Eden Hazard and Chelsea have a rare off-day in draw with Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a stand... 
David De Gea, Leicester heroes and awesome Aguero make TOTW: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
Poll defeat: Patience Jonathan makes first public appearance: Wife of the President, Mrs. Patience Jonathan, o... 
Nigeria’s economy won’t collapse, says Okonjo-Iweala: The Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on has ... 
Fighting rages along Syria’s Lebanon border: The Lebanese Shia group Hezbollah has sent its fighters on an off... 
Oh dear! Blac Chyna's mum comes for the Kardashians/Jenners:  Two days ago, Tyga's grandma said she prefers 17... 
Goodluck Jonathan: 'I hope my wife won't desert' - President says he already lost friends:  
Bikers ride from Buhari's compound in Katsina to Abuja to witness his inauguration:  A group of bikers picture... 
IPL scoreboard: Chennai Super Kings vs Rajasthan Royals: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Following is the scoreboard of... 
Bopanna-Mergea clinch Madrid Open title: Madrid, May 11 (IANS) The unseeded Indian-Romanian pair of Rohan Bopa... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero after losing governorship election: As several people trek... 
Black boxes of crashed A400M plane found in Spain: Spanish authorities on Sunday found the two cockpit recorde... 
Tension Mounts In APC As Northern Leaders Move To Whittle Down Tinubu’s Influence: If not handled properly, a ... 
Prem: Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a standing ovation in Liverpool's 1-1 draw wit... 
Prem: Manchester City 6-0 QPR: Manchester City relegated QPR with a commanding 6-0 victory at the Etihad. 
Chelsea hold Liverpool at Stamford Bridge: Former Chelsea man Craig Burley breaks down Chelsea's draw against ... 
President elect, Gen Buhari, says his government will be made of technocrats only: President elect, Gen Muhamm... 
2015 general elections: I hope my wife will not divorce me - GEJ: Speaking at the thanksgiving and farewell se... 
Brendan Rodgers laments 'awful' Liverpool start in draw at Chelsea: #INSERT type:image caption:Gerrard, who le... 
Gerrard goal not enough for Liverpool: Steven Gerrard has made a career of being Liverpool's hero and his goal... 
Sergio Aguero and David Silva heroics secure Manchester City rout of QPR: Sergio Aguero scored 3 as Manchester... 
Liverpool's Champions League hopes fade after Chelsea draw: Steven Gerrard will not be Liverpool's saviour thi... 
Pulse Opinion: 21 years after his inauguration, would Nelson Mandela be proud of the South Africa he fought fo... 
Merit should guide presidential scholarships: AN ongoing campaign to shoot down the Presidential Special Schol... 
28 killed in Iraq bomb attacks, IS clashes: A total of 28 people were killed, including three suicide bombers,... 
Change can’t happen overnight – Buhari: The President elect, Mohammadu Buhari, on Sunday said the change Niger... 
PCB ready to host India series in UAE in December, BCCI response guarded: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) The Pakistan ... 
Car rams into train in UP, three killed: Lucknow, May 10 (IANS) At least three people were killed and one othe... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor not done with his family...shares more story about his brother he accused of stea... 
Imo State Pastor And His Daughter Involved In A Bloody Crime: Peace and order of the Umuchoko community in Ngo... 
3 Important Things You Should Know About GEJ’s Emotional Thanskgiving/Farewell Service: Earlier today, a thank... 
S’Court can’t stop N’Assembly from amending constitution – Senate: The Senate on Sunday argued that the Suprem... 
Ekiti medical director demands arrest of  invaders: The Chief Medical Director of the Federal Teaching Hospita... 
Photos of MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan, Burna Boy at Abakaliki StarMusicTrek:  The 2nd leg of the 2015 Star ... 
Rohit blames poor bowling and fielding for loss to RCB: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sha... 
Man dies running for life in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 ( IANS) A 72-year-old man died on Sunday in Ne... 
McCullum's 81 lifts Chennai to 157/5 against Rajasthan: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Brendon McCullum's 81 off 61 ba... 
Modi lauds Shashi Kapoor on getting Dadasaheb Phalke: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on... 
Modi bats for 'Team India' of centre and states (Roundup): Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Pitching for a "Team... 
Gunmen abduct OAU lecturer in Ekiti, kill driver: Gunmen on Friday evening  abducted a lecturer of the Obafemi... 
NEPAD to regulate products import, export from Africa: The New Partnership for Africa’s Development has announ... 
63 unaccompanied children, six pregnant women among those rescued: Of the 275 persons that were rescued and ha... 
'I'll fight for Nigerians when I get to the Senate' - Ben Murray-Bruce: The Senator-elect has been on a roll t... 
Ramsey: Our worst performance in a long time: QPR manager Chris Ramsey apologises to the fans after his side's... 
WATCH: Depay hits 35-yard stunner: PSV winger Memphis Depay converted a 35-yard free kick to add to his impres... 
Man City star Sergio Aguero will get better says Manuel Pellegrini: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini declared t... 
Boko Haram: Where is Abubakar Shekau?: The Boko Haram leader was last heard from in March 2015 when he pledged... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: Brailian football great was  pictured with his wif... 
Sergio Aguero: Hat-trick for striker as Manchester City thump QPR 6-0: Aguero scored a hat-trick with Aleksand... 
My ministers and I will be persecuted, says Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan on Sunday gave an insight in... 
Police parade 40 suspected cultists, robbers in Calabar: No fewer than 40 cultists, suspected kidnappers and a... 
Photos: Northern Elders Forum pay General Buhari courtesy visit: Members of the Northern Elders Forum paid a c... 
Bank alarm averts another tunnel robbery in Haryana: Chandigarh, May 10 (IANS) The alert sounded by an alarm i... 
Man held with suspicious walkie-talkies in Bhopal: Bhopal, May 10 (IANS) A director of a private security agen... 
We bowled according to our plan: RCB's Harshal Patel: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royal Challengers Bangalore bowler... 
Tight security in Bengaluru for Jayalalithaa verdict: Bengaluru, May 10 (IANS) Security has been stepped up in... 
SP MLA who stopped trains not being arrested: Railway police: Saharanpur (Uttar Pradesh), May 10 (IANS) The Ut... 
Nigerians misunderstood Jonathan’s calmness for indecisiveness – Okupe: The Senior Special Adviser to the Pres... 
Stop fighting Obiano, monarch tells ex-gov Obi: A first class monarch in Anambra State, Igwe Chijioke Nwankwo,... 
Adoke’s friend leaked plot to abduct me – Kashamu: Ogun-East senator-elect, Buruji Kashamu, has said that he g... 
NDDC Director denies involvement in N2.4bn fraud: THE Executive Direct, Projects, in the Niger Delta Developme... 
After Election Setback, “Mama Peace” Resurfaces, And She Is Glowing Too (PHOTOS): After seemingly going into o... 
Nollywood Actress, Caroline Danjuma Talks About Her Marriage To Billionaire Husband: Since beautiful Nollywood... 
Prem: Gerrard -- Liverpool goal (44'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven Gerrard (44') Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea 
Amber Rose: Larry King interviews popular model and video vixen: When Amber spoke about her Twerk video, Larry... 
Happy Mother’s Day: These are 10 beautiful Nigerian moms worth celebrating: Motherhood is a challenging job ye... 
Google Play Store: You can now pre-register for apps and games before they are available: The new feature shou... 
Cameron names his first all-Conservative cabinet: London, May 10 (IANS) British Prime Minister David Cameron h... 
10 idol smugglers arrested in Bihar: Patna, May 10 (IANS) A gang of idol smugglers was busted on Sunday with t... 
Prem: Terry -- Chelsea goal (5'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: John Terry (5') Liverpool 0-1 Chelsea 
City annihilate relegated QPR: Sergio Aguero scored 3 as Manchester City destroy QPR who see themselves relegated. 
Davido: Pop singer records song with Trey Songz: Davido made the revelation on his Twitter handle on Sunday, M... 
Michael Schumacher: Wife of F1 legend sells off $40M private jet: Michael Shumacher's wife sold the private je... 
Japan: "Crying rooms" are now a thing: Available from about $85, through August 31, the rooms contain tissues,... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President, First Lady bid farewell at thanksgiving service (Photos): Expectedly, the Church... 
Mothers' Day: Man pose for picture sucking aged mum's breast!: Just to ensure he puts up a picture to celebrat... 
Group seeks probe of Fintiri’s N22bn expenditure: A group, Adamawa Progressive Movement has called for the pro... 
Union defends sacking of 400 NIMC staff, tackles colleagues: Senior Staff Association of Communications, Trans... 
City hammer QPR 6-0: Defending Champions, Manchester City, maintained their uncomfortable second spot behind c... 
Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell Service In Honour of Goodluck Jonathan &amp; First Lady (PHOTOS): A Thanksgiving and Farew... 
9 US Policemen Sacked After 21-Yr-Old Nigerian Died In Isolation Cell: Nine policemen have been fired in conne... 
Season Of Endorsements! Saraki Gets Strong Backing From North-Central APC: Senator Bukola Saraki’s ambition to... 
CSK to bat against Royals: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Chennai Super Kings skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni won the tos... 
Seven percent of adults suffer from varicose veins: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) More than seven percent of the adult... 
Two firemen killed in Mumbai blaze, probe ordered: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Two fire fighters lost their lives wh... 
Need to have more Indological researchers in Russia: Mukherjee: Moscow, May 10 (IANS) Appreciating Russian Ind... 
Farmers torch Maharashtra minister's effigy over suicide remark: Yavatmal (Maharashtra), May 10 (IANS) Hundred... 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pre-game accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the sec... 
Farewell Thanksgiving: President Goodluck Jonathan and wife, attend church service in their honour: Ascribing ... 
Nigerian Army: 'We're naked, chained; deprived of food, water' - 12 soldiers charged for mutiny cry out: “They... 
Bobbi Kristina: Grandmother says Whitney Houston's daughter isn't progressing: This is coming few days after l... 
Cristiano Ronaldo: Real Madrid star donates $7.7M to Nepal earthquake victims: Cristiano Ronaldo donated the h... 
Pope Francis: Harlem Globetrotters meet with pontiff: The Pope met with basketball team in St Peter's Square o... 
Court jails man five years for employment scam: A Federal High Court sitting in Osogbo, Osun State, has senten... 
Ihedioha blames executive for corruption: The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Emeka Ihedioh... 
Investigate Chime, ex-PDP national auditor tells EFCC: A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democratic Par... 
Senate leader condemns politicising visit to Buhari: Senate Leader, Victor Ndoma Egba on Sunday condemned atte... 
Onyeka Onwenu, Patience Ozokwor At War Over Goodluck Jonathan: The 2015 general elections might have come and ... 
Chinese billionaire takes 6,400 staff on holiday to Paris; costs him about $50m:  Chinese  billionaire, Li Jin... 
CPI-M, Congress slam Mamata-Modi bonhomie: Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Seeing red over the apparent bonhomi... 
Scottish first minister demands further devolution of powers: London, May 10 (IANS) British Prime Minister Dav... 
Bangalore beat Mumbai by 39 runs: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royals Challengers Bangalore (RCB) beat Mumbai Indians... 
QPR relegated with a whimper as Aguero and City cruise to easy win: Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green l... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as QPR slumped to ... 
Prem: Milner -- Man City goal (70'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: James Milner (70') Manchester City 5-0 QPR 
Prem: Aguero -- Man City goal (65'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (65') Manchester City 4-0 QPR 
Allegri: Pogba helps our chances of beating Madrid: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri is delighted Paul Pogb... 
In US: 9 police officers sacked over Nigerian man's death: The nine officers were sacked because they were pro... 
Marriage Relationship: Dealing with dominance in marriage: Everything we do affects our spouse. Therefore, you... 
Prayerbox: Young Nigerian techpreneur interviewed by forbes: In one week, I had built a working prototype whic... 
Kim Kardashian: Check out models makeup free face: After all the contouring tutorials, facial sculpting and li... 
Royal Castle: Rita Dominic, Chris Attoh land role in new TV series: AMA Award winning actress, Rita Dominic an... 
Photos from the Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell service in honour of Pres. Jonathan &amp; First Lady: Finally a photo of o... 
What is wrong with this pic?: As seen on CNN. Is there anything wrong with it? 
Photos: Chidi Mokeme buys his wife a Range Rover Sports SUV: The actor who welcomed a child with his wife a fe... 
Read How UNICEF And Yobe Government Are Planning To Help Displaced Children: The Yobe State Emergency Manageme... 
South-East Might Lose SGF Position As Tinubu Backs Audu Ogbeh: There are indications that the South-East geopo... 
51 militants killed in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 10 (IANS) Afghan police backed by the army have killed 51  mili... 
Six bodies recovered from avalanche-hit Nepal district: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Six bodies, including that of... 
Pakistan tribesmen clash over land, 47 killed: Islamabad, May 10 (IANS) At least 47 tribesmen were killed and ... 
Rain relief predicted as mercury soars in Punjab, Haryana: Chandigarh, May 10 (IANS) Weather department offici... 
Modi dedicates India's largest blast furnace plant to nation: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) Prime Minis... 
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
Prem: Aguero -- Man City goal (50'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (50') Manhester City 3-0 QPR 
Fernando Torres saves Atletico but champions only draw at Levante: Fernando Torres netted an important equalis... 
Olamide: Nigerian rapper looks dapper in new promo photos: Well loved Nigerian rapper, Olamide, aka 'King Badd... 
Pulse Opinion: Why Adamu Mu’azu is not to blame for PDP’s defeat: Chieftains of the party have begun to mount ... 
Tunde and Wunmi Obe: Music couple hosts Femi Kuti, Kate Henshaw, Funke Akindele others for their album launch:... 
Just In: Raul Castro arrives Vatican city: Poe Francis also urged the Cuban President to put in more efforts o... 
Roger Federer: 5 clips that show Tennis star is a funny guy...and loves Africa: Pulse searched up 5 different ... 
Talented Nigerian Creates Social Network That Allows Share Prayers: Nigerian-born software developer Adebambo ... 
Popular Actress Allegedly Snatches 7-Months’ Pregnant Woman’s Husband: The beautiful Nollywood actress, filmma... 
APC Governors Set To Clash With Buhari As President-elect Rejects Their Ministerial List: The All Progressives... 
SHOCK As Ogun Assembly Speaker Abandons Victims Of A Ghastly Car Accident: Suraj Adekunbi, the speaker of the ... 
US Places N1.4bn Bounty For Info About Boko Haram Leader: The United States is still maintaining the $7 millio... 
Prem: Kolarov -- Man City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Aleksandar Kolarov (32') Manhester City 2-0 QPR 
Prem: Aguero -- Man City goal (4'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (4') Manhester City 1-0 QPR 
Fernando Torres rescues Atletico Madrid in Levante draw: Atletico Madrid had to come from behind twice to draw... 
Petr Cech: Jose Mourinho says he won't sell goalkeeper to Arsenal: Jose Mourinho has revealed that he will rat... 
Rukky Sanda: Actress puts massive hips on display with purple dress: Nollywood actress, Rukky Sanda released a... 
Genevieve Nnaji: Star actress expends N30m on debut movie project, 'Road To Yesterday': It was further gathere... 
John Carew: Former Aston Villa stiker now a full-time actor: The former Aston Villa and Norway striker is now ... 
Halima Abubakar: Actress steps out in distressed jeans, feeling her look?: Nigerian actress, Halima Abubakar r... 
Lisa Ray to perform stunts in 'Ishq Forever': Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Actress Lisa Ray, who plays a secret agent... 
De Villiers, Kohli fire Bangalore to 235/1: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) AB de Villiers smashed a brilliant century a... 
Land bill is farmer-friendly: Amit Shah: Bhopal, May 10 (IANS) Blaming the Congress for creating misunderstand... 
Vicky Pattison hospitalised after night out: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Reality TV star Vicky Pattison was taken to... 
How to get summer glow for skin: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Want to avoid looking dry and dull in summer? Consum... 
Kim K says Kylie Jenner has always wanted lips (&amp; butt) like hers: Kim K is defending her 17 year old sister K... 
9 US police officers fired over death of young Nigerian man in their custody: We carried this story a few mont... 
Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani: Singers are all sexy and hot in new photos: Nigerian popstars, Emma Nyra and Vi... 
Kelechi Iheanacho: Flying Eagles star shoots Manchester City to  International Premier League Cup title: Ihean... 
Nate Dogg: Late Hip Hop star's son moves against step mum over dad's estate: He further stated that Latoya mar... 
Kehinde Bankole: See actress' flawless look in new photos: The Beautiful actress who recently won an award for... 
BJP, Congress slam Delhi government for anti-media circular: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The  Delhi government in... 
Agnes Varda to receive Palme d'Or at Cannes 2015: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) French filmmaker Agnes Varda will... 
Ancelotti hopes league draw kicks up Madrid in Europe: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Spanish club Real Madrid coach Ca... 
Youngsters today prefer casual relationships: Pravesh Rana: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Pravesh Rana, the host of... 
Bangalore post 235/1 against Mumbai Indians: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royal Challengers Bangalore posted a huge s... 
Face of Democracy Nigeria pageant flags of Registration for 2015 Edition: Face of Democracy Nigeria flags of 2... 
3 Years After His Death, Read The Unbelievable Thing Rasheed Yekini’s Family Is Doing: Untold story about how ... 
Comedian I Go Dye says he will miss First Lady Patience Jonathan: Don't ask me, I don't know...lol. All I know... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
QPR's Sandro not available for selection over work permit issue: QPR midfielder Sandro has been left out of th... 
Can you guess the mother &amp; daughter? (photo): Can you guys tell who the mum is and who the daughter is? 
50 Cent: Jeweler claims rapper's aides stole $250K worth of jewelry: The jeweler further alleged that he met 5... 
Cocktail Recipes: Try an Irish maid in more ways than one [Video]: This is a sour cocktail you can’t help but ... 
Marriage Relationship: Destructive couples: From time to time all of us exhibit destructive and negative behav... 
African dishes: Check out this Capitaine and Pili-Pili in Palm Oil [Recipe]: In this dish, the capitaine fish ... 
Marriage Relationship: Why men want their wives to honour them: Husbands, fathers and boys need respect and ho... 
Photos: OAP Osam and his twin boys enjoy a game of football: MC and Naija FM OAP Osamoje Isaac popularly known... 
Outsiders bring a different passion to cinema: Navdeep Chhabra: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Delhi-based Navdeep C... 
Employees of road transport corporation continue strike in Andhra, Telangana: Hyderabad, May 10 (IANS) State-o... 
Snowfall, landslides hit rescue work in Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Snowfall, avalanches and landslides fo... 
Handloom linked to culture, needs to be preserved: Designer Ramam: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) India's handloom s... 
Sunrisers aim at consolidation against Kings XI (Preview): Hyderabad, May 10 (IANS) Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) ... 
S’Africa strike season looms after attacks on migrants: South Africa’s annual season of labour strikes often t... 
'She's not progressing at all': Bobbi Kristina's grandmother gives sad update on her condition: Bobbi Kristina... 
AMAZING: See The Symbolic Name Displaced Borno Woman Gave To Her Newborn Baby: More and more Nigerians have co... 
Healthy Recipes: Enjoy an avocado banana smoothie: Enjoy this creamy, dairy-free smoothie in the morning for b... 
Olusegun Obasanjo Foundation: Ex-President sacks CEO over $4.9m money-laundering scandal, she takes down Faceb... 
Alhamdulillah: Muslim man travels across 50 states in the US calling the Adhan: He said he had a positive expe... 
Yummy Snacks: Drool over these lemon snowball cookies [Recipe]: Lemon flavoured, and crunchy too, these Lemon ... 
'It's doesn't matter if the cat is black or white' - article by Ben Murray Bruce: Interesting article by Senat... 
Mommies day out -- an experience for expecting mothers: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) 'Mommies Day Out', an exclusi... 
Foundation for tribal development to be set up with coal money: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) The centr... 
New challenges for world cricket order (News Analysis): New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The new global cricket ventur... 
GST bill coming up before Rajya Sabha on Monday: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The government is set to bring on MO... 
Road rage: Delhi bus driver beaten to death: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) A 42-year-old Delhi Transport Corporatio... 
Jozie teams up with label mate Jahbless on the remix of Choco Boi: The original version of the song was releas... 
Abuja: Archbishop gives politicians stern warning: What must be paramount is the service, welfare and security... 
Mide Funmi Martins: Actress' celebrate daughter as she turns 7: Anuoluwapo is the first grand child of the lat... 
Victoria Beckham reveals unending joy of being a mum in letter: Today is Mother's Day in the US and some parts... 
Cuba: Protestant clergymen bless gay couples: The ceremony which had all the trappings of a wedding, was spons... 
Discover this surprising advantage of dressing up on a workday: A new research suggests a surprising advantage... 
Adaeze Yobo: Ex-beauty queen shows off her boys to celebrate mother's day: Spotting a new look in red hair, th... 
Horrible: Domestic servant pestles boss to death: A beer parlour owner was killed in by her house help in Enugu 
12 Soldiers Sentenced To Death Allegedly Kept Naked &amp; Deprived Of Water, Food: A group of Nigerian soldiers th... 
New way to buy fuel these days ...lol (photos): Due to scarcity of fuel in Lagos people now lose the fuel tank... 
Jamaican sprinter Powell runs fastest 100m this year: Kingston (Jamaica), May 10 (IANS) Jamaican sprinter Asaf... 
Mother always our first love: Ranbir Kapoor: Panaji, May 10 (IANS) He's always guarded when speaking about his... 
Now, donate at Archies stores to help widow mothers: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Gifts manufacturing company Arch... 
'Rahul's resurgence signals willingness to take on mantle': New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) With a string of salvos f... 
Lightning kills five in Bihar: Patna, May 10 (IANS) At least five people, including two children and a woman, ... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
Wellness Facts: Find out 5 foods that make you stink: What you eat can directly affect how you smell, and in m... 
Rihanna: Singer allegedly prevented Rita Ora from Met Gala after party: It was further alleged that the after-... 
Going To The USA Is Like Jumping Into Fire — Kashamu: Ogun state senator-elect Buruji Kashamu denied any past ... 
'KAPOOR and SONS' shoot begins: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) The shooting of Shakun Batra's upcoming modern family dr... 
24 more Myanmar nationals held in Tripura: Agartala, May 10 (IANS) Twentyfour more Mayanmarese, including six ... 
Deepak Dobriyal escapes being typecast: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Actor Deepak Dobriyal, who will be seen in "Tanu... 
Chelsea have taken giant strides this season: Mourinho: London, May 10 (IANS) Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho beli... 
I'm not passionate about modelling: Cara Delevingne: London, May 10 (IANS) Model-actress Cara Delevingne says ... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
Pesky Problems: Understand ingrown nails and how to be rid of them for good!: Nobody likes ingrown toenails, a... 
Nigerian Elections 2015: Massive Fraud: New document nails Wike, INEC in Rivers guber poll: The compelling mat... 
Health Horoscope- Monday 11th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your health today: The daily readings... 
Career Horoscope- Monday 11th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your career today: This reading will ... 
Love Horoscope - Monday 11th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how to ... 
Paris protesters demand fresh cannabis laws: Sporting T-shirts and caps printed with marijuana leaves and with... 
Kapil Sibal announces film 'Zainab...': New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Kapil Sibal along with actor Jimmy Sheirgill ... 
Clooney praises stylish, smart wife: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Nearly nine months after his marriage, actor G... 
Marijuana should be legalised: Morgan Freeman: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Veteran actor Morgan Freeman doesn't... 
Sam Smith suffering from stress: London, May 10 (IANS) Grammy Award-winning singer Sam Smith has revealed he i... 
'Robotic Eel' to explore Jupiter's moon Europa: Washington, May 10 (IANS) NASA is planning a "robotic eel" to ... 
Real Madrid do not pass to Gareth Bale enough, says agent Jonathan Barnett: Gareth Bale's agent Jonathan Barne... 
Disturbing: Man, 38, rapes minor: A 38-year old man is being tried for allegedly raping an eight-year-od 
Omoye Uzamere: Actress produces new stage play: According to the actress, the play is a tragicomedy about a co... 
Davido: Singer features Meek Mill in 'Fans Mi' video: The singer also featured Mill in the video, which was sh... 
Singers Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani sexy in new pics: The singers stepped out in sexy black and pink ensembl... 
Fuel Scarcity: Petrol Price Hits ‘N200 per litre’ Mark On Black Market: Nigerians all over the country are sti... 
‘Mu’azu-Must-Go Campaign’ Puts PDP Governors On Collision Course: Adamu Muazu, the Peoples Democratic Party (P... 
Dencia shows off her LA mansion (photo): Really? This is where you live Dencia? Now, that's living! She shared... 
YCee and Patoranking in new video for 'Condo': Last year's revelation, Patoranking, teams up with a hot new ra... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
Regina Askia: Ex-star actress' daughter survives ghastly auto crash in Ivory Coast:  
NDMC donates Rs.1 crore for Nepal relief: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has ... 
Underwater robot to plan its own missions: New York, May 10 (IANS) Very soon, there would be a robot that can ... 
Yemen army, Houthis welcome Saudi ceasefire proposal: Sanaa, May 10 (IANS) The Yemeni army and the Shia Houthi... 
Mary Kom beats Indira Gandhi as most inspiring mother: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Indian Olympic medallist boxer... 
Real Madrid held by Valencia, Barcelona all but win La Liga: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Valencia goalkeeper Diego A... 
Sunday Morning Hotness featuring super model, Tyson Beckford: This guy can like and do anyhow because he knows... 
Football icon Pele released from hospital after surgery: Brazilian football legend Pele was released from hosp... 
Photos of Buhari’s modest farmhouses in Daura, Katsina state: A Punch reporter was in Daura, Katsina recently ... 
Photos: Two beautiful young sisters shot dead in St Louis: These two sister, 20 year old Antquonette Hale, (le... 
Labour of love revives Ray's 'The Apu Trilogy': Washington, May 10 (IANS) Working frame by frame for over a th... 
Singapore team treated over 2,500 injured, sick in Nepal: Singapore, May 10 (IANS) The Singapore contingent at... 
Nepal reminiscences on lost heritage through images: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Staring disbelievingly at the Ba... 
Shashi Kapoor conferred Dadasaheb Phalke Award: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Bollywood's evergreen charmer Shashi Kap... 
Modi opens India's largest blast furnace plant: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) Prime minister Narendra M... 
Is Buhari ready for internet generation, social media, free speech?: In your opinion, do you think General Buh... 
Experts urge Buhari to address power problem: The incoming government of President-elect Muhammadu Buhari has ... 
Explosion rocks nuclear power plant in New York: A large explosion has rocked the Indian Point nuclear plant i... 
Buhari’s Bungalow In Katsina: Resting Garden, Farmhouses, What Else?: The President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, o... 
Ciara shares throwback pic of herself right after giving birth: They are actually stills from her new video 'I... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
Love how Venkat Prabhu presents his actors: Suriya: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Tamil star Suriya has teamed up wit... 
Mountaineering expeditions 'bit dangerous' now, says Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Mountaineering expedition... 
Simple exercises can help control snoring: New York, May 10 (IANS) If snoring is hampering your partner's soun... 
Dadasaheb Phalke Award conferred on Shashi Kapoor: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Information and Broadcasting Minister... 
Young prostate cancer patients suffer more hot flashes: New York, May 10 (IANS) Men who are younger or have a ... 
Saudi-led coalition strikes target ex-Yemen president’s residence: Warplanes from the coalition led by Saudi A... 
Speakership: Gbajabiamila, Dogara split state caucuses: State and zonal caucuses of the House of Representativ... 
Adaeze Yobo &amp; her babies head out on a pre-mother's day outing: Joseph Yobo's wife and former beauty queen, Ad... 
BTS photos from Davido &amp; Meek Mill's video shoot: Davido and  Meek Mill recently collaborated on music  togeth... 
Coalition bombs ex-Yemen president Saleh’s residence: Warplanes from the coalition led by Saudi Arabia has bom... 
Modi performs 'aarti' at Dakshineswar temple: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday of... 
Kerala Minister Jayalekshmi marries her childhood friend: Manathavady (Kerala) May 10 (IANS) Kerala Youth Affa... 
Puri Jagannadh most likely to direct Chiranjeevi's 150th film: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) If industry sources are ... 
Sreesanth is proud father of a baby girl: Kochi, May 10 (IANS) Former India speedster S. Sreesanth and his wif... 
For the guys,  will you rock this jeans?:  Someone sent this photo and asked if it's OK for her boyfriend to w... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: The 74-year-old was admitted to the Albert Einstei... 
Car bomb rocks S’Afghanistan intelligence office, one injured: Some three attackers were killed while one secu... 
Parched summer again for Bihar Mountain Man's village: Dashrath Nagar(Bihar), May 10 (IANS) Bhagirath Manjhi a... 
Prophet, wife, two children, landlady found dead: A 54-year-old Abia State-born Prophet, Onyenonachi Ihezuk­wu... 
Kim Kardashian West jets off to Brazil to promote her clothing line: The ever busy, Kim K was spotted in L.A. ... 
India's mutual funds base to top $325 bn by 2018: RCAM's Sikka: Abu Dhabi, May 10 (IANS) Riding on the overall... 
Trisha walks out of Selvaraghavan's project: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Southern actress Trisha Krishnan, who has ... 
Raghava Lawrencce in Tamil remake of 'Pataas': Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Actor-filmmaker Raghava Lawrencce, who i... 
Journalism as literature: The writings of Ryszard Kapuscinski (Column: Bookends): Journalism, or especially ne... 
Three militants surrender in Tripura: Agartala, May 10 (IANS) A top militant of the National Liberation Front ... 
Ecotrends: Real estate stakeholders meet in preparation for 2015 trade show: The home and property expo is the... 
Abubakar Shekau: US maintains N1.4bn bounty on Boko Haram leader’s head: Shekau’s name is included in the list... 
Sanusi Lamido: Emir of Kano visits Kaduna Governor-elect, El-Rufai [PHOTOS]: The Emir visited El-Rufai on Satu... 
Lamudi: Property listing portal launches update of its Android app: Users can share their favourite property w... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors: The governors had vi... 
Clear Sunday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) It was a warm Sunday morning in the national capital with the ... 
Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton take a stroll with Princess Charlotte: The Royals took... 
Modi offers prayers at Dakshineshwar temple: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the D... 
Mumbai building blaze kill two firemen: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Two fire fighters of Mumbai Fire Brigade perishe... 
Sad Memories: #NepalPhotoProject on Instagram relives the tragedy in pictures: This project seeks to communica... 
Breaking Tweet: Prince posts link to new song-Batimore on twitter: The song –Baltimore is dedicated to Mr. Fre... 
See what this man accused General Hospital, Gbagada of: He tweeted this yesterday morning. 
Nadal meets Murray for Madrid title: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Andy Murray will meet Rafael Nadal in the Madrid Ma... 
Miley Cyrus buys $5mn vineyard: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Singer Miley Cyrus has reportedly bought a vineyard... 
Pele discharged from hospital: Sao Paulo, May 10 (IANS) Brazilian football legend Pele was discharged from hos... 
Crew collect first home win vs. Sounders:  
Taiwan issues warning as Typhoon Noul approaches island: Taipei, May 10 (IANS) Taiwan issued a warning on Sund... 
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
Reese Witherspoon addicted to coffee: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Actress Reese Witherspoon says she is addicte... 
Evanna Lynch, Robbie Jarvis spark dating rumours: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) "Harry Potter" actress Evanna Lyn... 
Spanish La Liga standings: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Following are the standings of Spanish La Liga after Saturday... 
Pressure mounts on Mu’azu, others to resign before May 29: Powerful forces within the Peoples Democratic Party... 
Scarcity: Nigerians buy fuel for N200 per litre: The scarcity of the Premium Motor Spirit popularly known as p... 
Going to US is like jumping into fire —Kashamu: Senator-elect and a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party ... 
N1bn bounty still on Shekau — US: The United States is still maintaining the $7 million (N1.4 billion) bounty ... 
Inter-Korean tensions mount after North Korea test-fires missiles: Seoul, May 10 (IANS) Inter-Korean tensions ... 
Tunde and Wunmi Obe: Celebrity couple open up N400m Lekki mansion to top celebrities: Tunde and Wunmi Obe's N4... 
Senate presidency: Aspirants lobby colleagues: The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate President, David ... 
Kidnap: Ekiti doctors go on strike: Nigerian Medical Association has declared an indefinite strike to protest ... 
Mubarak, sons get three-year jail term for graft: A Cairo court sentenced Egypt’s deposed autocrat Hosni Mubar... 
Gov poll: Controversy over Rivers, A’Ibom results: As the May 29 handover date draws near, fresh controversy o... 
Liberia Ebola-free — WHO: The World Health Organisation on Saturday declared Liberia free of the Ebola Virus D... 
WHO releases new cancer, hepatitis drugs: The World Health Organisation has released a new list of treatments ... 
Protests in London over David Cameron's election win: Some left activists Saturday afternoon desecrated a war ... 
Photo: Ambulance on an emergency run runs out of fuel: The ambulance pictured above was reportedly heading for... 
Buhari reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors. Ha!: My hand no dey for this one o..lol. Saw it... 
Regina Askia's daughter, Stephanie, surivives ghastly car accident: Regina Askia Williams took to her Facebook... 
Reese Witherspoon's clothing line sells out: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Actress Reese Witherspoon, who launche... 
Louis van Gaal optimistic over Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw injuries: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal put a p... 
Photos: Woman killed by stray bullet in Arepo, buried: Damilola Fajana, the 26 year old lawyer who was killed ... 
Photos: Rihanna hugs Drake as they party at a nightclub in New York: The ex-flames were spotted at the VIP Roo... 
Sanusi applauds el-Rufai’s election: Former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and Emir of Kano, Alhaji M... 
Power sector consumer complaints highest in Nigeria — CPC: The Consumer Protection Council has said the compla... 
Dotun Akande wins: Dotun Akande needs no introduction. She is one of the successful daughters of late Engr. Ad... 
Era of medical technology: With the advancement in technology, our life is becoming easier day by day. Every a... 
Speakership: Gbajabiamila, Dogara split state caucuses: The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate Presiden... 
Photos: Femi  &amp; Funke Kuti, Kate Henshaw, others party with Tunde &amp; Wunmi Obe at their mansion: Celebrity coup... 
Putin says Russia ready to re-build relations with EU: Moscow, May 10 (IANS/EFE) Russian President Vladimir Pu... 
Arsene Wenger urges Theo Walcott to stay at Arsenal, hints at central role: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has ... 
Real Salt Lake end 5-game winless streak; Timbers tip Impact: Alvaro Saborio and Luke Mulholland scored and Re... 
Lagos Carnival: Colour, Culture, Fashion, others at 2015 Edition:  
Check out this cool video of the Smirnoff #Doubleside party. It rocked: Smirnoff Ice Double Black with Guarana... 
President Jonathan Vows To Return PDP To Winning Ways By 2019: The outgoing President Goodluck Jonathan who lo... 
Spot the difference: featuring Pharrell: Can you spot them? Photo credit: TMZ 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid entered their La Liga mat... 
Photos: Ben Murray-Bruce's son graduates from US University: Jared, one of the sons Silverbird Group chairman ... 
A rumour: Tran on reconciliation with Chris Brown: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Model Karrueche Tran has respond... 
Aww...remember the couple who met on twitter and got engaged last year? They got married today: You guys remem... 
Ike Ekweremadu: 'We'll ensure APC delivers on promises' - Deputy Senate President says: The Deputy Senate Pres... 
Kylie Jenner denies saying 'high as f***!*: The 17 year old took to Twitter to deny she said 'high as f***!' i... 
John Fashanu's wife, Abigail, attacked him with samurai sword his sister claims: The last has not been heard o... 
Lyon's title hopes suffer big blow vs. Caen; Bordeaux beat Nantes: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-... 
The best of the weekend action in pictures:  /photo-gallery/2441989/
Pogba's goal-scoring return offsets drab draw for Juventus: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regards to Paul P... 
GM mosquitoes prove effective against dengue in Panama: Panama City, May 10 (IANS/EFE) Panama's Gorgas Memoria... 
Ebola may persist in survivors' eyeballs for months: Study: Washington, May 10 (IANS) The Ebola virus can pers... 
Hosni Mubarak: Court jails Egypt's Ex-President, 2 sons in corruption retrial: Mubarak and his sons allegedly ... 
Akpororo storms the US for ELOGAIR 2015 Concert: Riding on his numerous successes back home and his popularity... 
HAPPENING NOW: Borno Village Under Boko Haram Attack: According to the information circulating in the social m... 
Emir Sanusi Visits El-Rufai, And Here Is What He Says About Kaduna Governor-Elect: Muhammadu Sanusi II, the Em... 
Nigerian presidents must use only made in Nigeria Peugeot as official cars- Ben Murray Bruce: Chairman of Silv... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Prem: Liverpool to keep pace with United?: While Manchester United went seven points clear of Liverpool for th... 
Madrid bid title hopes goodbye: A pair of first half defensive errors and a slew of missed chances, including ... 
Prem: Man United win, Burnley down: Manchester United returned to winning ways at Selhurst Park with a 2-1 win... 
Omotola headlines "poverty is sexist" global campaign: Omotola has just returned from Johannesburg where she s... 
Kim Kardashian West defends Kylie Jenner: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West says ... 
Biu town in Borno currently under attack: Madthaw Village in Miringa District of Biu Local Government Area in ... 
Prem: Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Palace may not have been co... 
Photo: Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi pays Nasir El Rufai congratulatory visit:  Emir of Kano, Mahammadu Sanus... 
United close in on top-four spot, beat Palace 2-1: Marouane Fellaini heads home late on to secure 2-1 victory ... 
Madrid slip, play 2-2 with Valencia, Barcelona win: Real Madrid may need a miracle to win the Spanish La Liga ... 
Madrid slip, play 2-2 with Valencia, Barcelona win: Real Madrid may need a miracle to win the Spanish La Liga ... 
Ekweremadu PDP post-election panel meets Jonathan: Members of the Post-Election Review Committee set up by the... 
Beyonce has 'more energy' now: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Singer Beyonce Knowles says she has "more energy" si... 
PCB chief detained for two hours at Kolkata airport: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Pakistan cricket board president S... 
Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak sentenced To 3 years in prison in retrial on corruption charges: An Egyptian court on Sa... 
Shehu Sani Blasts Jonathan, Callls His Administration ‘Political Restaurant’:  Shehu Sani, senator-elect for K... 
China orders Muslim shopkeepers to sell alcohol, cigarettes, to ‘weaken’ Islam: Muslim shops and restaurants i... 
Sunderland earn important victory:  
Sanusi visits el-Rufai, says Kaduna chose competent leader: Former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and... 
Six killed in Egypt clashes: Cairo, May 10 (IANS) A total of six, including three policemen and three alleged ... 
See What Sambo’s Wife Plans To Do After Leaving Aso Rock: Hajia Amina Sambo, wife of Namadi Sambo, Nigeria’s  ... 
Looking For Where To Hangout This Weekend? Check Out These TOP 10 Fun Spots In Abuja: Are you planning to spen... 
N9 Billion Perks Of Being In Buhari’s Team Of Ministers &amp; Legislators: House of Representatives senators and t... 
TOUCHING: Yemi Osinbajo Thanks God: Professor Yemi Osinbajo, vice president-elect, delivered a touching speech... 
Three die, 10 injured in Ogun road crash: Three persons died while 10 others were injured in an road crash whi... 
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
Neymar, Pedro secure vital Barcelona victory: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelled Barcelona past David Moyes... 
Marouane Fellaini earns improved Manchester United a vital win: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Marouane Fellaini (78'... 
Sunrisers beat Daredevils by six runs (Roundup): Raipur, May 10 (IANS) Kedar Jadhav's valiant unbeaten knock o... 
Photo of the day: Photo from the 2015 Lagos State CarnivalPhoto credit: Lukeshphoto 
Liberia declared Ebola free: The World Health Organization WHO has declared Liberia, one of the countries wors... 
Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu Buhari seen on airport shuttle bus:  Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu B... 
IPL scoreboard: Delhi Daredevils vs Sunrisers Hyderabad: Raipur, May 9 (IANS) The following is the scoreboard ... 
Kvitova crowned women's champion in Madrid Open: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Petra Kvitova was crowned as the champi... 
Karrueche Tran shows birthday TBT photo of her touching her friends 'behind' (Photo): Chris Brown's ex, Karrue... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
Tottenham abysmal in all phases in defeat to Stoke: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets in regards to Harr... 
Barca earn 7th-straight clean sheet victory: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelled Barcelona past David Moyes'... 
Aim to empower poor as Tagore wanted: Modi at new schemes launch (Roundup): Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Expressing h... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
Prem: Fellaini -- Man United goal (78'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Marouane Fellaini (78') Crystal Palace 1-2 Ma... 
Prem: Puncheon's free kick equalises for Palace: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jason Puncheon (57') Crystal Palace 1... 
Lyon's Ligue 1 title hopes in tatters after defeat at Caen: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-Germain... 
Bayern Munich flat across the board in home loss to Augsburg: The ESPN FC panel discuss exactly how good a man... 
Tony Elumelu To Speak At The White House As Obama Celebrates Emerging Global Entrepreneurs: African business l... 
Yemen campaign Saudi Arabia's strategic blunder: Iran: Tehran, May 9 (IANS) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani o... 
Want to move away from vote-centric politics, empower poor: Modi: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Asserting that the poo... 
RS to pass Bangladesh land boundary accord bill again: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha will once again... 
New schemes saw 5.5 crore enlistments before official launch: Modi: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Prior to the officia... 
New social security schemes launched in Rajasthan: Jaipur, May 9 (IANS) Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Ra... 
Clerics hail Awo’s contribution to national development: The Archdeacon of Ikenne Archdeaconry and Vicar of Ou... 
9 Ways To Protect Yourself In An Abusive Relationship, No. 3 Will Amaze You: There are different meanings of a... 
Aliyu Shames PDP Leaders: You Shouldn’t Be Begged To Resign, But Do It Voluntarily: Babangida Aliyu, Niger sta... 
Henriques' 74 lifts Sunrisers to 163/4 against Daredevils: Raipur, May 9 (IANS) Moises Henriques' unbeaten kno... 
India thrash Japan 4-0, win hockey Test Series 3-0: Bhubaneswar, May 9 (IANS) India finally stamped their domi... 
Tents, food still not reaching Nepal quake victims: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) Two weeks after the deadly earthqu... 
Indian Navy's new base commissioned in Porbandar: Porbandar, May 9 (IANS) Adding to the naval infrastructure a... 
10 killed in cargo plane crash in Spain: Madrid, May 9 (IANS) A brand new cargo plane on a test flight crashed... 
Prem: Mata -- Man United goal (19'): ENGLISH PREMIER Juan Mata (19')  Crystal Palace 0-1 Manchester United 
Burnley show pride despite being relegated after win over  Hull City: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol recaps a big Satur... 
In Seville: At least 5 killed after military plane crashed: It is not clear as at press time how many people w... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
Danny Ings' winner over Hull futile as Burnley relegated: Danny Ings' second-half winner was not enough to sav... 
Burnley relegated as Hull are plunged deep into relegation trouble: Danny Ings ended his goal drought as Burnl... 
Nigerians deported from Niger begin HIV/AIDS screening: The Yobe State Agency for Control of HIV/AIDS on Satur... 
Website Review: Reportam gets reported: Reportam spends its days receiving reports from individuals about cust... 
Boko Haram: Shekau on the run: 'escape may be aided by ISIS' - Military sources:  
WHO warns that Ebola might be transmitted sexually: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice... 
Prem: Diouf -- Stoke City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Mame Biram Diouf (86') Stoke City 3-0 Tottenham 
Prem: Ings -- Burnley goal (62'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Ings goal (62') Hull City 0-1 Burnley 
Highlights: New England 2-2 Orlando: A late goal from Aurélien Collin secured a point for Orlando on the road ... 
Highlights: Colorado 1-1 San Jose: James Riley's stoppage-time goal snatched a point from the jaws of defeat, ... 
PHOTOS: Colorful Display From Lagos Carnival 2015: The 2015 Lagos Carnival holds today Saturday 9th May. For t... 
Why I Don’t Wear Pant Trousers -Tonto Dikeh: In a report going viral online, Nollywood controversial actress, ... 
BREAKING NEWS: Document Exposes Fraud By PDP, INEC In Rivers Guber Poll: The Rivers State governor-elect, Nyes... 
Photos: Atiku's son, Aliyu graduates from American University of Nigeria: Former VP Atiku Abubakar's son Aliyu... 
Aliyu backs Fayose, asks Mu’azu, others to resign: Governor Babangida Aliyu of Niger State on Saturday urged l... 
I’m going back to school after Villa – Sambo’s wife: Wife of the Vice President, Hajia Amina Sambo, on Saturda... 
Weird Gift: Kids make their mothers take lie detector test as Mothers’ day gift: Watch this video and see moth... 
Vatican: Pope blesses picture of dead sisters: In addition to the pictures is a figurine of Jesus that was als... 
Whistle-blower aghast at Himachal CM's attitude (To go with story - Now I'll die in peace: Widow of George Cro... 
Rahul pays tribute to Tagore: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi paid tribute to Nob... 
Lok Adalat awards over Rs.77 crore to claimants in Delhi: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) A total of 1,680 cases were ... 
Sonia confers G.K. Reddy award on Vinod Mehta posthumously: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Congress president Sonia G... 
India Inc welcomes new social security schemes: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) India Inc on Saturday welcomed the gov... 
Chronic Sympathy or Insanity? Father murders daughter, wife, sister, explains his reason on Facebook: A man to... 
World Bank: $500m Social housing project loan approved for Egypt: The Social housing program launched by the G... 
India accuses Maoist rebels of abducting 250 villagers: Indian officials have accused Maoist rebels of abducti... 
Prem: Ayoze -- Newcastle goal (41'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Ayoze Perez (41') Newcastle 1-1 West Brom 
Prem: N'Zonzi -- Stoke City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven N'Zonzi (32') Stoke City 2-0 Tottenham 
Prem: Anichebe -- West Brom goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Victor Anichebe (32') Newcastle 0-1 West Brom 
Prem: Cleverley -- Aston Villa goal (31'): ENGLISH PREMIER Tom Cleverley (31')  Aston Villa 1-0 West Ham 
Prem: Adam -- Stoke City goal (21'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Charlie Adam (21') Stoke City 1-0 Tottenham 
Titan announces top level management changes: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Tata Group firm Titan on Saturday announced... 
Shahid completes '12 years a slave' in Bollywood, thanks fans: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor Shahid Kapoor, who m... 
Belgian varsity honours Tagore with his statue: Brussels, May 9 (IANS) Belgium's most prestigious and largest ... 
Golfer Lahiri misses halfway cut at Players Championship: Ponte Vedra Beach (United States), May 9 (IANS) Indi... 
Environment impacts by accredited agencies only: Javadekar: Chennai, May 9 (IANS) Union Environment and Forest... 
Ekiti NMA begins strike to protest doctor, nurse’s kidnap: Nigerian Medical Association has declared an indefi... 
Rumor has it...that a popular A-list artist will be a dad next month: I can't mention names because I no take ... 
Syrians worried over Lebanon’s new visa rules: Confusion and fear have gripped the Syrian population residing ... 
Borno establishes 21st IDPs’ camp, houses Nigerien deportees: Borno State Government on Saturday established a... 
Uber: Tech company bids for Nokia Here:  
Robert Peters: Nollywood actor and wife welcome first child in U.S: Nollywood actor, Robert Peters and his wif... 
Tech War Loading: Microsoft draws first blood, takes a swipe at Google: Currently, going by market share, Goog... 
Prem: Dawson heads one off the post (8'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Craig Dawson (8') Newcastle 0-0 West Brom 
Prem: Mahrez -- Leicester goal (7'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Riyad Mahrez (7') Leicester 1-0 Southampton 
Dick Advocaat gives Sunderland lifeline by beating Everton: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first goal for t... 
Michael Schumacher's wife sells off his $40m private jet and holiday mansion as 'he won't use them again': Mic... 
Meeting Buhari: GMB Appreciated Omojuwa’s “Subtle Threat”: How do you fit all the things you want the presiden... 
1999 Constitution Amendments: Reps, Senators Plot To Go Against Supreme Court: The National Assembly appears t... 
Ebola: WHO certifies Liberia free of deadly virus: Liberian President, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said the country ... 
Will Smith: Actor undergoes shooting lessons for 'Suicide Squad': The report further revealed that the officia... 
Drunkicide: Man dies after drinking 56 shots of alcohol: A drinking session went awry recently leading to a ma... 
Caitlin Gallagher: Find out how one woman changed her life and lost 125 Pounds: At age 37, Caitlin Gallagher w... 
Onyeka Onwenu, Patience Ozokwor: Veteran female celebrities at war: While the report further alleged that Onwe... 
Egypt’s Mubarak sons jailed three years for corruption: An Egyptian Court on Saturday sentenced former Preside... 
North Korea ‘test fires’ submarine-launched missile: North Korea says it has successfully test-fired a newly d... 
Airbus military plane crashes in Spain: An Airbus A400M military plane crashed into a field a mile (1.6 km) no... 
Prem: Defoe -- Sunderland goal (85'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jermaine Defoe goal (85') Everton 0-2 Sunderland 
Honours even after Championship playoff semi between Ipswich and Norwich: Ipswich held Norwich to a 1-1 draw i... 
Sunderland give themselves hope: Sunderland are now 14th after a 2-0 win over Everton thanks to two deflected ... 
FPIs ship out as tax issues and below expected results disappoint (Weekly Review): New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Anx... 
Fat or fiction? Dispelling myths: London, May 9 (IANS) Still struggling to come to grips with the notion that ... 
16 injured in Kashmir grenade explosion: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) At least 16 people were injured when militants... 
Pune FC face Bharat FC in derby (Preview): Pune, May 9 (IANS) Pune FC will be keen to claim the bragging right... 
43 prisoners escape, 44 people killed in Iraq jailbreak: Baghdad, May 9 (IANS) Up to 43 inmates escaped from a... 
WHO declares Liberia Ebola free: The World Health Organisation on Saturday declared Liberia free of Ebola afte... 
Ebola may be sexually transmitted, WHO warns: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice on th... 
Farmers tackle Kogi over N100,000 loan: All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Kogi State chapter, on Saturday de... 
Ex-PDP auditor petitions EFCC, demands Chime’s probe for fraud: A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democ... 
Buhari’s Popularity Soars As He’s Spotted Doing This (PHOTO): General Muhammadu Buhari has continued to win th... 
Photo: Blogger Sisi Yemmie and husband welcome baby boy: Popular blogger Yemisi Aiyedun aka Sisi Yemmie, who m... 
Prem: Graham -- Sunderland goal (53'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Graham goal (53') Everton 0-1 Sunderland 
Value Indian classical music: Shilpa Rao tells youth: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Having been close to classical Indi... 
Miller, Maxwell take Kings XI to 183/5 against KKR: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A late 11-ball 27 run unbeaten blitz... 
Afghan government retakes district after 10 years of Taliban rule: Kabul, May 9 (IANS) Afghan security forces ... 
18 militants surrender in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 9 (IANS) A total of 18 militants handed over their weapons t... 
Six-pack abs not necessary to deliver hits, says Madhavan: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor R. Madhavan says it's a ... 
Court jails, fines Mubarak, sons three years for fraud: An Egyptian court has sentenced ousted President Hosni... 
For Men: Find out this pre-exhaustion chest workout: If you’re looking to put more size on your chest, look pa... 
Moet Abebe: TV host shows off bikini body: Sharing a throwback picture, Moet shared a bikini picture of hersel... 
Akpos &amp; Company: Florence Onuma, Bolanle Ninalowo star in new comedy sitcom: Shot by Abbey Esho, the new comed... 
In Kano: 4 Chinese nationals arrested for smuggling prohibited textile materials: According to a statement, th... 
UK: Housing market remains strong: This is a healthy sign for investors in the real estate sector in the UK. 
Ancient jewel-studded vest missing after Nepal quake: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) The search for idols, jewellery,... 
Bengal Chamber delegation to visit Bhutan: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A 15-member delegation of the Bengal Chamber ... 
Court asks APSTRC employees to end strike: Hyderabad, May 9 (IANS) The Hyderabad High Court on Saturday direct... 
Clearance awaited for bulk production of homemade Bofors gun: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Having cleared the summe... 
India rely on singles strength at Sudirman Cup (Preview): Dongguan (China), May 9 (IANS) India will rely on th... 
Gaidam restates support for Lawan’s Senate Presidency bid: Yobe State Governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Gaidam, on Satu... 
Indonesian leader insists death penalty ‘positive’ for country: Indonesian President Joko Widodo insisted Satu... 
Uduaghan advocates new value system, diversification of economy: Governor Emmanuel Uduaghan of Delta State on ... 
Media Consultant Sues Alison-Madueke For Image Laundering, Claims N1bn: Minister of Petroleum Resources, Dieza... 
Beauty Trends: Learn about about the rainbow eyebrow look: First it was coloured hair to rainbow coloured hair... 
Uber: Tech company's valuation to rise to $50billion: Sources say Uber is the world’s most highly capitalised ... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect to pay N9bn as allowances to lawmakers, ministers upon assumption of office:... 
Tragic: 27-yr-old graduate declared missing: A 27-year-old graduate who was due for National Service has been ... 
Beauty Inventions: Discover chic flash tatoos rocked by celebrities and more: While permanent tattoos have lon... 
Helicopter went out of control before landing: Pakistan air chief: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) Pakistan's Air Chie... 
Wooing Bollywood part of J&amp;K's fight against wrong perceptions: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) The Jammu and Kashmir g... 
Tamil Nadu contractors name 10 PWD officials as 'corrupt': Chennai, May 9 (IANS) A contractors' association in... 
PM reaches Kolkata 45 minutes ahead of schedule: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived he... 
I would like to be a child again: Modi: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi ha... 
Disturbing: Man stabs girlfriend after he was caught sucking her sister's breast: Security operatives attached... 
Spain: Airport X-ray reveals child hidden in a suitcase: Apparently, the boy’s father who lives in Canary Isla... 
Armed Stupidity: Armed robber returns to confirm if jewelry is fake, gets arrested: A Miami man was arrested a... 
DIY Hair Tip: Learn how to get pin curls at home: Pin curls are having a resurgence, as far as retro looks go ... 
Cyber Business: Hack renting portal charges fee to penetrate any account: Hackers on this portal post various ... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
Braving summer heat, thousands throng religious yatra in Punjab: Talwandi Sabo (Punjab), May 9 (IANS) Braving ... 
Akshay will bond with Preity, Upen on 'Nach Baliye 7' (TV Snippets): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Action star Akshay K... 
Why polls got British election wrong: London, May 9 (IANS) Despite a plethora of voter surveys and newspaper a... 
Venezuelan cop jailed for 18 years for protester's death: Caracas, May 9 (IANS) A police officer was sentenced... 
Revitalise skin with water, exercise: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Stay hydrated, exercise regularly and follow ski... 
Snap Me Up: This alarm will not stop until you take a selfie: This sure is a serious  app that does not take "... 
Tragic: "Lady, 19, may have died from excessive chewing gum" - Inquest: A 19-year-old girl had died due to exc... 
Olusegun Obasanjo: Former President's Foundation in $4.9m money-laundering scandal (watch footage of the deal)... 
Google vs Apple: The war to become the smartest smart-watch: Most young people did not care about watches, but... 
DIY Tips: 1 awesome way to save your jewelries from turning green: Say good bye to your green jewellery proble... 
Shekau Disguises, Flees Nigeria As Military Deploys Special Forces After Him: Amid reports that the Nigeria mi... 
Condition of three SAI athletes stable: Alappuzha, (Kerala) May 9 (IANS) The condition of the three Sports Aut... 
Six injured in Jammu and Kashmir explosion: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) Six civilians were injured in Jammu and Kas... 
No future in violence: Modi: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), May 9 (IANS) The future lies in peace and not in violen... 
Pakistan hand Bangladesh huge defeat, win series 1-0: Mirpur, May 9 (IANS) Bangladesh crumbled facing a near i... 
Stolen first edition copy of Marquez masterpiece retrieved: Bogota, May 9 (IANS) The Colombian police have ann... 
Dakore Akande: 'We live in a highly sexualized world,' actress talks about challenges of raising kids: Nigeria... 
Disgraceful: 29-yr-old Nigerian arrested for drug trafficking in Thailand: A Nigerian in Thailand has been arr... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
At C.O.D United, it is ladies first: When the C.O.D United Ladies team was set up only two years ago, the goal... 
Egypt seizes football star Aboutrika’s assets: Egyptian authorities have seized share certificates belonging t... 
Jonathan’s Government And PDP Were All About Filling Stomachs – Keyamo: Following President Goodluck Jonathan’... 
My Greatest Ambition Is To Become The Governor Of Oyo State – 9ICE: Nigerian musician Abolore Akande, popularl... 
Remember the 2 sisters I told y'all about yesterday? They are now in Kirikiri: Yesterday, I told y'all about t... 
As global CO2 breaks records, India faces dilemma (Special to IANS): New Delhi, May 9 (IANS/IndiaSpend) During... 
India's forex reserves touch new record high: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Depreciation in dollar value and smart inve... 
Beyonce: Pop Star slays fashion wise, all week long!: We cant seem to have enough of this hot mum and world re... 
Celebrity Birthday: Oga Bello turns 62: Today, Saturday, May 9, 2015, veteran Nollywood actor, Adebayo Salami ... 
Lagos Carnival 2015: What you must know before hitting the road: DUE to the hosting of the 2015 edition of the... 
Kendall Jenner: Check out reality star's knee-high gladiator stiletto heels: Reality star, Kendall Jenner of t... 
Banky W: EME boss caught 'kissing' Cynthia Morgan: The two were spotted exchanging pleasantries at an event re... 
Is there anything wrong with the way Rita Ora hugged Jay Z from behind?: Photo taken inside the Met Gala. Fans... 
What do you guys think of this post by actress Ronke Oshodi Oke: She posted this photo of a random guy she met... 
Photos: 8 year old boy found in suitcase at Spanish border: How can you risk your child's life this way? An 8-... 
Now I'll die in peace: Widow of George Cross winner: Shimla, May 9 (IANS) "Now I will die in peace," said octo... 
Doctor shot dead in Karachi: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) A homeopathic doctor was killed on Saturday when unidenti... 
Hasina thanks Tripura CM for backing land swap deal: Agartala, May 9 (IANS) Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh H... 
Varun Dhawan shares workout video (Movie Snippets): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor Varun Dhawan, who will be next ... 
What British election results mean for science: London, May 9 (IANS) Although not all the political ramificati... 
Dencia: Would you rock singer's designer combo?: The whitenicious princess and singer, Dencia has always been ... 
Exclusive: 50 Cent claims Diddy jacked and copied his concept for 3AM TV Ad: Both rappers and moguls have been... 
Ebube Nwagbo: Actress rocks denim on denim trend to perfection: The denim on denim fashion trend seems to be t... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
30 killed in Iraq jail break: Up to 30 people were killed when the Iraqi security forces thwarted a jail-break... 
Alamieyeseigha On Governorship Ambition: “I Didn’t Forget Anything In Government House”: The former governor o... 
Buhari Supporters Organisation chairman in Delta state kidnapped: Buhari Supporters Organisation (Bso) Chairma... 
Artists from around the world given opportunity to 'Set The Stage' with Africa's biggest acts: After the succe... 
Amber Rose tries to take back what she said about Kanye. Blames it on alcohol: Amber Rose has a gag order not ... 
23 years of 'Khuda Gawah' makes Big B nostalgic: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Amitabh Bachchan-starrer "Khuda Gawah" c... 
Russia's Victory Day parade begins: Moscow, May 9 (IANS) The annual Victory Day parade, this year celebrating ... 
Where you live can affect your body weight: New York, May 9 (IANS) Next time you begin house hunting, try for ... 
Fitch warns of foreign funds exodus over retro tax: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) The minimum alternate tax on capital ... 
Goodbye forever to 'Candy Crush' invites on Facebook: New York, May 9 (IANS) Already fed up of annoying app an... 
Daily Horoscope - Saturday, May 9th, 2015: What your Zodiac sign says today: Here's a short forecast for the 1... 
Love Horoscope - Sunday May 10th ,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how to... 
Luis Enrique looks to exorcise the ghost of Real Sociedad in treble chase: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says... 
Laurent Blanc happy with PSG determination in big win: Paris Saint-Germain manager&amp;nbsp;Laurent Blanc wants to... 
Sound Sultan finally gets his 2k retweets: The singer finally got his 2k retweets but not before Nigerians dra... 
THE CHIKE SISTERS- OLANMA DISCOVERY (4): Maybe… scratch that and focus, girl.  Nma shook her head and looked a... 
Career Horoscope- Sunday May 10th ,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your career today: This reading will... 
Health Horoscope- Sunday May 10th ,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your health today: The daily reading... 
In Imo: Civil defence officers shoot 20 Napep riders, many injured: Report says the ‘Keke’ riders were protest... 
Daily Devotional - May 9: When your fears limit your success (Part 3): The bible assures us that we are conque... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President elect’s special thanksgiving Jumat: You will recall that Muhammadu Buhari was a to... 
Etcetera doesn't think Dangote can afford to buy Arsenal football club: Dangote is worth about $15.7 billion a... 
Canadian man claims triple homicide on Facebook: Canadian police are investigating what appears to be a murder... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Man City need to find another Lionel Messi: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insis... 
Louis van Gaal fined us for being one minute late for lunch, says Fellaini: Marouane Fellaini has revealed tha... 
Tension Overturned As Amaechi Assures Wike Reign Of Governance On May 29: Against reports of a rising tension ... 
“Nigeria Needs 700,000 Houses Every Year” – World Bank: The Chief Executive Officer of Ecotrends Nigeria Limit... 
Are You A Business Owner? Then You Should Read This: As Nigeria businesses aim to meet up with the standards o... 
Mexico gunmen wound ex-police chief: Hitmen shot and seriously wounded on Friday the controversial former poli... 
Photo: Another Nigerian soldier dies: Lieutenant MI Musa was killed in action yesterday. May his soul rest in ... 
MC Galaxy Breakthrough Album Competition: Mc Galaxy has just released his new album breakthrough which is sold... 
Upbeat Mumbai face RCB challenge in IPL (Preview): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Having beaten table-toppers Chennai Su... 
Court of enquiry to look into MiG crash: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A court of enquiry will evaluate the damage fol... 
Abu Dhabi Film Festival discontinued after eight editions: Abu Dhabi, May 9 (IANS) The Abu Dhabi Film Festival... 
Jay Z, Beyonce buy $2.6 mn estate in New Orleans: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Rapper-record producer Jay Z and w... 
Finch expects early return to cricket: Melbourne, May 9 (IANS) Injured Australian opener Aaron Finch is planni... 
In Abeokuta: Pensioners accuse FG of spending their dues on Jonathan's campaign: The retirees said more than 2... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Mariah Carey suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage: 45 year old Mariah Carey suffered an accidental wardrobe m... 
Will you rock Kendall Jenner's knee-high gladiator boots? (Photos): Kendall Jenner stepped out in these knee-h... 
Guatemalan vice president resigns amid corruption scandal: Guatemalan President Otto Perez announced his vice ... 
Woman finds out her Twins are born to different Dads: A woman in New Jersey only discovered that her twins hav... 
Australian teenager arrested in Melbourne ‘bomb plot’: Police arrested a 17-year-old and accused him of plotti... 
Momoh Lauds Buhari, Reveals What President-elect Will Do To Elected Officials Who Defy The Law: With barely 20... 
Pulse TV VOX POP: What if you find out your girlfriend once made a sex tape?: A sex tape makes some like Kim K... 
Couple killed for witchcraft in Bihar: Patna, May 9 (IANS) An elderly couple has been killed by their neighbou... 
Shashi Kapoor to receive Dadasaheb Phalke award on Sunday: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Veteran actor Shashi Kapoor wi... 
India to gift Bodhi Tree sapling to China, Mongolia: Patna, May 9 (IANS) India will gift a sapling of the sacr... 
Saudi Arabia says Yemen ceasefire dependent on rebels: Saudi Arabia says a humanitarian ceasefire it has annou... 
No preferred candidate for Senate presidency, says APC: The All Progressives Congress on Friday said it had no... 
Ensure genuine reconciliation, Mark tells Buhari: Senate President, David Mark, on Friday urged the President-... 
Warm Saturday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) It was a warm Saturday morning in the national capital with th... 
Modi to unveil social security schemes in Kolkata: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi will l... 
Women! Don't get 'thinspired' on Facebook: New York, May 9 (IANS) Viewing images of extremely thin women on Fa... 
Next-generation tele-operated robots can be hacked: Washington, May 9 (IANS) If you feel that your car's remot... 
Key Indian equity index ends tad higher amid volatile trading (Weekly Roundup): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) A key Ind... 
Buhari’s ministers, lawmakers to get N9bn housing, furniture allowance: Senators and members of the House of R... 
Nepal earthquake: Death toll climbs to 7,912: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) The death toll following the devastating... 
Madonna and daughter wore matching outfits to MET after party (photos): 56 year old Madonna wore leather hotpa... 
Modi pays tributes to Gopal Krishna Gokhale: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday ... 
Miss Zimbabwe may lose crown over nude photo allegations: A year after her predecessor quit over a similar sca... 
Zidane gets coaching license: Paris, May 9 (IANS) Former French international Zinedine Zidane has been granted... 
Orlando City score two late goals to draw with New England Revolution: Aurelien Collin scored in the 90th minu... 
Khloe Kardashian shows off her hour glass shape (photo): Khloe shared this photo of herself working out in the... 
Nadal progresses to Madrid Open semis: Madrid, May 9 (IANS) Home favourite Rafael Nadal eased into the semi-fi... 
Rio 2016 doping lab set for WADA approval: Rio de Janerio, May 9 (IANS) Brazil's doping control laboratory in ... 
Australian teenager charged with terror plot: Melbourne, May 9 (IANS) A 17-year-old Australian boy was charged... 
WATCH: Wondolowski's tidy finish: San Jose's Chris Wondolowski rounds Colorado goalkeeper Clint Irwin to slot ... 
Justin Bieber not dating Shanina Shaik: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Singer Justin Bieber and model Shanina Shaik... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President congratulates UK Prime Minister on election victory: Having won a clear majority ... 
Pentagon ups alert level at military bases in US: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The Pentagon decided to raise t... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
Funke Etti: 'I love opening my cleavage because like looking provocative,' Yoruba actress speaks: Speaking fur... 
Tyga finds Kylie more mature than most adults: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Rapper Tyga reportedly thinks 17-year... 
Inter open door for Balotelli return: Inter Vice-President Javier Zanetti has opened the door to Mario Balotel... 
Nobody can defend against Messi – Moyes: Real Sociedad head coach David Moyes has followed Pep Guardiola in cl... 
Uruguay can cope without Suarez– Forlan: Uruguay must look to minimize the impact of Luis Suarez’s absence at ... 
Arsenal won’t sell Walcott – Wenger: Arsene Wenger said he is confident Theo Walcott will sign a new contract ... 
It’s my time to honour Gerrard – Mourinho: Jose Mourinho has paid tribute to Steven Gerrard ahead of the Liver... 
North Korea test-fires strategic ballistic missile: Pyongyang, May 9 (IANS) North Korea has successfully test-... 
2016: Olympics: Mali pull out of Falcons clash: Nigeria on Friday sealed their place in the next round of the ... 
Stakeholders decry state Lagos stadium gyms: Stakeholders have decried the state of the gymnasiums at the Nati... 
We’re ready for Shooting Stars – Sunshine: Sunshine Stars defender Mutiu Adegoke says he expects a tough match... 
Kitova stops Serena: Serena Williams’s stunning 27-match winning streak was snapped in resounding fashion by P... 
Iheanacho can be our Messi – Taribo: Taribo West believes Manchester City wonderkid Kelechi Iheanacho has   th... 
Femi Fani-Kayode: Jonathan's loyalist asks Mua'zu to resign like UK leaders: The Media Director for Goodluck J... 
Oge Okoye, Nkiru Sylvanus: Nollywood actresses on war path?: This is coming following rumours that the actress... 
Pacquiao is a coward – Mayweather: Floyd Mayweather has branded Manny Pacquiao a “sore loser” and a coward and... 
Court decides Kashamu’s extradition suit May 27: A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has fixed May 27, 2015 ... 
I will soon join a club – Awoniyi: Flying Eagles star striker Taiwo Awoniyi has said he will decide the club t... 
Ex-AFN chief backs Okagbare: Former Vice-President of the Athletics Federation of Nigeria Elias Gora says Bles... 
LMC warns Rangers, 3SC, Enyimba: The League Management Company on Friday warned Enugu Rangers, Enyimba and Sho... 
Reynolds, Lively find life as parents chaotic: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Star couple Blake Lively and Ryan Rey... 
US labels Al Jazeera bureau chief as Al Qaeda member: Washington, May 9 (IANS) The US government has labelled ... 
NSCDC officials shoot 20 Keke operators in Imo: Trigger-happy Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps offici... 
Man stabs girlfriend to death, attempts suicide: A 40-year-old man identified only as James has stabbed his gi... 
Arepo residents petition NNPC over fuel theft: Residents of Arepo in Obafemi Owode Local Government Area of Og... 
Two die mysteriously in Imo hotel: Residents of Edede, Owerri in Imo State on Friday woke up to behold the mys... 
Community petitions Plateau assembly over Wase killings: Taroh community in Jos North has written a petition t... 
Washington asks China to examine alleged cyber attacks against US: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The US asked C... 
Nigerian govt should show interest in childhood cancer –Prof. Temiye: Prof. Edamisan Temiye is a paediatric ha... 
Baby cancer victims’ parents lament: Our lives are filled with anguish: There was a sharp contrast between the... 
Terrorism: N/East senators demand development commission: Senators-elect from the North-East have demanded the... 
Marriage Relationship: Let true love transform your marriage: God is love and when you let him, he will show y... 
Tiversa: Cybersecurity firm dupes its own client: All hell broke loose when LabMD refused to pay incidents to ... 
Missionaries Of Mercy: Pope Francis empowers Priests to forgive sins: The priests also have the powers to  abs... 
Denrele Edun: 'I'm about to wed,' ex-Channel O VJ confirms wedding plans: Denrele Edun has confirmed his inten... 
Easy Snack: Chocolate Chunk Peanut Butter Cookies With M&amp;M's [Recipe]: Dessert recipes don't have to be compli... 
ACF, Ohanaeze, ARG reiterate call for state police: The Arewa Consultative Forum, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and the Afen... 
Focus on delivering campaign promises, PDP tells APC: The Peoples Democratic Party on Friday described Thursda... 
I attend four parties almost every weekend: Prince Demola Adunola is the youngest president of the Ikeja Club.... 
Fayose, labour conspiracy won’t stop impeachment –APC: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has said t... 
Senate Presidency: South West APC endorses Lawan: The South West caucus of the All Progressives Congress in th... 
Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson's 'strained' relationship: London, May 9 (IANS) Singer Harry Styles has reported... 
Chelsea chasing Everton's 'defender of the future' John Stones: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses some of the s... 
Presh: Kcee's ex-partner splashes N24m on two SUVs: There are reports that the singer, who recently collaborat... 
Foods and More: Try this overnight breakfast casserole [Recipe]: Set your slow cooker to low while you sleep, ... 
Lagos: Residents want more public toilets on Lagos highways: They said it will help curb the break-out of dise... 
DIY Food Tips: Learn this secret way to frost your cupcakes [Video]: The usual frosting method, for both cup c... 
In Plateau: 'We have nothing to hide' - govt responds to embezzlement allegation: Plateau State Government has... 
Norwegian court sentences three for alleged links to IS: Oslo, May 9 (IANS) A Norwegian court has sentenced th... 
Lol. Man steals jewelry at gunpoint but brings It back because it was fake: A Miami man, Daniel Sion Palmer, 2... 
Alamieyeseigha denies eyeing Dickson’s job: A former Bayelsa State Governor, Chief Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, ha... 
Money laundering: Obasanjo Foundation fires CEO: The Olusegun Obasanjo Foundation has sacked its London-based ... 
Former EKSUTH boss, wife kidnapped in Ado-Ekiti: Kidnappers again struck in Ado Ekiti on Thursday, abducting a... 
Strike looms in states over unpaid salaries: There are indications that workers in states which owe salaries w... 
DIY Drinks: Try a delicious southern screw [Video]: The southern screw is your fruity dream cocktail. 
Funny tweet: When selling couch brings out suspicion: This chat is occured between an intending seller of a co... 
Grindr: Hookup app for Gay men searches for buyers: The dating app for gay men boasts of 5million active users... 
WHO: 'New treatments for Cancer, TB, hepatitis C found' - health body says: According to a statement, the move... 
Drink Tips: Here's how to make the healthiest smoothies: One great thing about smoothies is the energy boost t... 
Dangote cannot afford to buy Arsenal football club: You have sold some shares and you’ve got some money to spe... 
Jonathan, president’s men and PDP NWC: A popular Nigerian rapper, Eedris Abdulkareem, drew the ire of former P... 
When the bride price is too high for him to pay: There are different wedding traditions which are observed by ... 
Presh makes new statement with luxurious Infinity: Precious John may not be a popular name in the Nigerian ent... 
Nigerians who cross racial lines to find love share exciting stories: Marriage is part of society’s life style... 
Meek Mill Celebrates His 28th Birthday With Nicki Minaj In Hawaii (Photos): Nicki Minaj and beau  Meek Mill vi... 
Four die in small plane crash on US highway: Atlanta, May 9 (IANS/EFE) A small plane crashed on one of the bus... 
Somerhalder loved Reed 'from the start': Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Actor Ian Somerhalder reportedly fell in lo... 
Syria, Venezuela have world's highest violent death rates: Geneva, May 9 (IANS/EFE) Nearly 25 percent of all v... 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 
Mandzukic and Torres' Atletico future could be under pressure: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno explains why he does... 
Guardiola a success or failure at Bayern?:  
Lagos Shuts Roads For Carnival: Some roads in Lagos would be shut on Saturday May 9 to allow for the successio... 
PayAttitude: Tech company launches new payment solution: Users do not need to own a bank account, because the ... 
Sambisa Forest: Rescued captives plagued with ulcer, malnutrition, eye defect: One of the women, Iyagana Mallu... 
Demi Moore: Charlie's Angel star loses $200k luxury clothes to robbers: Reports have it that Moore lost $200,0... 
Wellness and Hygiene: Didn't know your bedsheets could make you sick? Think again!: Your bed that once seemed ... 
Wellness Tips: Just how can daily doses of aspirin reduce cancer risks?: It's cheap, widely available, and no ... 
Nigerians sef! Sound Sultan asked for 2,000 retweets hours ago, see what they are doing to him instead: Choi! ... 
US justice department to probe Baltimore police: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The US Department of Justice wil... 
Theo James to endorse Hugo Boss' fragrance: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Actor Theo James is the latest face of H... 
Jose Mourinho hails Lionel Messi: 'A team with that boy is a different team': For all the differences in philo... 
Femi Fani-Kayode thinks PDP NWC members should resign: Femi Fani-Kayode thinks the PDP National Working Commit... 
Jailed Malaysian opposition leader’s wife wins his seat: The wife of jailed Malaysian opposition leader Anwar ... 
Read Why Top PDP Chieftain Shunned Appeal To Join APC: Former Delta State governorship aspirant for the People... 

Relationship Talk: How to love difficult people: It is very easy to be good to people who are good to you. The... 
For Runners And Heel Freaks: Find out the 5 best calf stretches: The calves are one of the most overused and o... 
Relationship: Characteristics of true love: True love is a disciplined decision to love irrespective of wrongs... 
In Enugu: Over 6,000 primary school pupils dropped out - Report: At least 6,159 public primary school pupils d... 
Marriage Relationship: How to match your spouse's sexual desire: Men and women have different sexual needs esp... 
Coco Austin and her sister's Yoga moves are off the chain (photos): It's called AcroYoga and sometimes the sis... 
PayAttitude works with your phone to enable easy and convenient transactions: Nigeria’s top innovations compan... 
Louis van Gaal yet to convert Man United possession into points: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advoca... 
Saudi offers Houthis five-day truce starting next Tuesday: Paris, May 9 (IANS/EFE) Saudi Arabia offered the Sh... 
Nigerian man jailed for 2 years for driving into police officer in the UK: A 22 year old Nigerian man, Michael... 
Chris Brown's alleged stalker formally charged with 3 felonies: Chris Brown's stalker Amira Ayeb from Tunisia ... 
Crucial Matches To Watch Out For This Weekend: As  most of the football league seasons draw closer to the end,... 
Five Slaughtered In Rivers Communal Clash: Reports emanating from Rivers state indicate that five persons have... 
READ What Happened To 632 Senior Officers: What can be regarded as a welcomed development was witnessed in the... 
Cross River State Governor Denies Plot To Replace Mu’azu: Governor Liyel Imoke of Cross River State has denied... 
Allegri has instilled Champions League confidence at Juventus: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri was pleas... 
Pakistan denies as 'bogus' Taliban claim of shooting down chopper: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) Pakistan dismissed ... 
Bruce Jenner borrows gowns from former wife: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Former athlete and TV personality Bruce... 
EU leaders congratulate PM Cameron on re-election: Brussels, May 9 (IANS) European leaders expressed their eag... 
Zamfara Assembly investigates majority leader’s alleged fight with driver over woman: Zamfara House of Assembl... 
Pics: Buhari attends Jumaat Prayers at Mambila Mosque in Abuja: The president-elect attended Jumaat prayers at... 
Unbeatable CompTIA Exams promo!: New Horizons is the world's largest independent  IT and Business Skills Train... 
Beyonce's fans drag Serbian popstar so much, she begs them to stop: The Bey Hives  have been dragging Jelena K... 
PSG six points clear behind Cavani hat-trick, Ibrahimovic brace: Paris St. Germain took a giant leap towards r... 
Everton's European dilemma front and center in Premier League's final weeks: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross D... 
Fayose asks Mu'azu to resign the way British LP, Liberal Democrats leaders' did: Press statement from Ekiti st... 
Floyd Mayweather: Boxing champ designs limited T-shirts for victory over Pacquiao: The T-shirts is currently s... 
Ini Edo: See actress' no-makeup look: Nollywood actress,  Ini Edo decided to let her face breathe today and po... 
Romantic Relationship: How to make your guy more committed in the relationship: There is hope. You can actuall... 
Foreign Exchange: Naira holds firm against dollar at parallel market: At the Bureau De Change (BDCs), otherwis... 
DIY Tips: Learn how to turn chipped lipstick into the perfect lip Balm [Video]: You can now salvage that aweso... 
Yemenis ordered to leave Saada province: The Arab coalition carried out air strikes on Friday in Yemen’s Saada... 
JUST IN: Nigerian Army Recover Video Recordings Of Boko Haram Atrocities: Major General Chris Olukolade, the d... 
FG Will Reform Nigeria Railways: According to a statement of the Head of Public Communications, the Bureau of ... 
SEE How Buhari’s Appearance At Abuja Mosque Drew Ecstatic Feelings Among Kids: The popularity garnered by pres... 
Prem: European, relegation battles continue: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advocaat as they face Ever... 
Fellaini: I cried when David Moyes was sacked at Manchester United: Marouane Fellaini has admitted he cried wh... 
'Happily ever after' doesn't happen in real life: Taylor Swift: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Singer Taylor Swift ... 
Toke Makinwa tries blue hair and stuns in it (photos): The media personality just unveiled her new blue hair. ... 
Violent protest hits Kurdish city in Iran: Several people were reportedly hurt in a northwestern city of Iran ... 
Burundi protesters announce one-day truce: Protestors demonstrating against Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziz... 
Want A Larger Penis? 5 important things to note before attempting penile enlargement: For most men, the perfor... 
Pulse Tv Highlights: Meet the organisers of African Fashion Week Nigeria [Video]: African Fashion Week Nigeria... 
Google: Tech giant organises global web conference for teachers: Google would be involved education whether we... 
Olisa Metuh: 'APC is arrogant over victory' - PDP Sec. says: Metuh charged the APC to put its house in order, ... 
URGENT: The Abdullahi Okirigi story: Abdullahi's story is one of pain, but ultimately hope. 
APC Should Be More Concerned About Buhari’s Nervousness  — PDP: The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has denied ... 
We Won’t Touch A Kobo Or Naira From Local Government Funds – El-Rufai: Nasir El-Rufai, the governor-elect of K... 
Ekiti Crisis: APC Lawmakers Express Disgust Over Fayose, Labour Conspiracy: The drama in Ekiti state has again... 
Nearly 7,000 dead in Ukraine conflict: president Poroshenko: Kiev, May 9 (IANS/EFE) Ukrainian President Petro ... 
Hollande congratulates British PM on election victory: Paris, May 9 (IANS) French president Francois Hollande ... 
Stage set up for Modi event collapses in Raipur, 55 injured: Raipur, May 8 (IANS) A large stage erected for Pr... 
I-League: Shillong hold Bengaluru at home: Shillong, May 8 (IANS) Shillong Lajong FC ended Bengaluru FC's five... 
Sex And Love: 6 things you must know before you try withdrawal/pull-out technique: The withdrawal/pull-out tec... 
In Rivers: 5 parties move against Wike at Election Tribunal: The petitioners are Kemka Elenwo, KOWA party; Dak... 
Wole Soyinka: 5 things you didn't know about the Nobel laureate: Wole Soyinka is a playwright, poet, novelist,... 
Beyonce: Pop star is absolutely gorgeous rocking denim playsuit: The femme fatale stepped out in a denim play ... 
Skales: Singer shoots new video with Davido: Skales has shot the music video to one of the lead singles on his... 
Military recovers video recordings of Boko Haram: The Director, Defence Information, Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade... 
Photo Of The Day: Night life in Lagos: Welcome to our photo of the day column, where you see and interact with... 
Victoria's Secret: Elsa Host heats up new sexy ad campaign: Swedish model; Elsa Hosk fronts the new 'Bombshell... 
Goodluck Jonathan Congratulates Shonekan, Nwobodo On Their Birthdays: President Goodluck Jonathan has congratu... 
Genevieve Nnaji: Check out actress' post birthday look: Genevieve turned 36 on the 3rd of May, 2015 and yet, d... 
Dotman: Singer drops video for 'Fine Girl': The song is a mid tempo Highlife/Pop song laced with live guitar a... 
Amber Rose: Where does Wiz Khalifa stand with her?: Has Amber Rose cancelled her alleged Wiz Khalifa reconcili... 
BonMarche FAIRstival: Calling on all shoppers and fashion lovers: This edition promises to be bigger as there ... 
Jason Derulo: Singer releases tracklist for ‘Everything Is 4′ album: The album includes features from Stevie W... 
Fayose preaches peace as gunmen abduct ex-medical director, wife: Kidnappers again struck in Ado Ekiti on Thur... 
Imoke denies scheming to replace Mu’azu: Cross River State Governor Liyel Imoke has denied reports that he is ... 
Resign, emulate British Labour leader, Fayose tells Mu’azu: Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, has descr... 
Bopanna in Madrid Open semis, Paes, Mirza lose: Madrid, May 8 (IANS) Though stars Leander Paes and Sania Mirza... 
Opposition Congress joins Nagaland's ruling alliance: Kohima, May 8 (IANS) The Nagaland legislative assembly w... 
No reservation in armed forces: Parrikar: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) There is no proposal under consideration for... 
Notice to publisher on Pachauri's plea for blanking coverage: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The Delhi High Court on ... 
Rahul meets AICC secretaries; discusses organisational matters: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Congress vice-presiden... 
Jose Mourinho could field a young Chelsea side in Gerrard farewell: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho credits Stev... 
Police arrest photographer’s killers, suspected robbers in Gombe: Gombe State Police Command on Friday paraded... 
Court decides Kashamu’s anti-extradition suit May 27: A Federal High Court in Lagos has fixed May 27, 2015 to ... 
Four killed in US plane crash: All the four people onboard a small plane were killed Friday when it crashed on... 
IS claims bombing on Shiite mosque in Iraq: The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for a bomb attack o... 
Obiano woos US investors for Anambra oil, gas: Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, has taken his sear... 
What Does Your Poo Say About Your Health? Plus Tips On How To Improve Stool: The majority of us don’t tend to ... 
‘Allow Fresh Minds To Steer The Ship Of The Party’ – Fayose Begs Mu’azu To Resign: Ayodele Fayose, the governo... 
Jonathan Congratulates Cameron On UK Election Victory: Following reports that David Cameron, will remain in of... 
Pele Goes Under The Knife:  The Brazilian football legend had yesterday been operated over a prostate conditio... 

Makeup Tutorial: Rock the gunmetal smokey eye + nude lips for the weekend: Rock a smokey eye for the weekend, ... 
Gen. Muhammadu Buhari: Fund education, address unemployment, fees hike, OAU student leader tells President-ele... 
Jesse Jagz: Rapper to release 6 albums in 3 years: The Chocolate City rapper has set himself a target to unvei... 
Kim Kardashian: Star forces haters to buy new 'Selfish' book: At her book launch in L.A on May 7, two animal r... 
Love Horoscope - Saturday 9th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how to... 
Photo: Wizkid shares lovely new pic with Tania Omotayo: Nice looking couple! 
Can Moyes do it again against Barcelona?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Tommy Smyth preview Real Sociedad's c... 
Miguel Herrera goes to Disney World: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes around with Mickey Mouse at Disney... 
Odisha CM urges centre to approve NIMHANS like institute: Bhubaneswar, May 8 (IANS) Odisha Chief Minister Nave... 
Haryana achieves 98 percent wheat procurement target: Chandigarh, May 8 (IANS) Haryana has achieved over 98 pe... 
A crammed schedule in PM's maiden Bengal trip: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Narendra Modi would begin his maiden trip... 
Tiger kills forest guard in Ranthambore: Jaipur, May 8 (IANS) A tiger killed a forest guard in Ranthambore Nat... 
Sovan Chattejee becomes Kolkata mayor for second time: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Sovan Chatterjee on Friday took o... 
Femi Jacobs: 5 reasons to love Mr M of 'The Meeting': He won lots of hearts with his performance in 'The Meeti... 
Amy Winehouse: Watch new clip from upcoming documentary on late singer: Watch Amy Winehouse practise 'American... 
Hear Word Play: Joke Silva, Taiwo Ajai-Lycett, Kate Henshaw, Bimbo Akintola others to go live on stage: Hear W... 
Relationship advice: 3 good reasons lying destroys your relationship: Honesty is a very important factor in an... 
Family relationships: 11 things daughters with strong mothers would know: A mother is her daughter's best frie... 
Benin at War Over its Heritage!: That was the situation in 1897 when the British invaded the Benin Kingdom, an... 
Fayose, labour conspiracy wont stop impeachment – APC: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has said t... 
Lol. Amber Rose comes for Kanye's neck, says he doesn't write his songs: Looks like Amber Rose is not done tak... 
Photos: Lagos Governor's official residence undergoes renovation for incoming governor: Lagos state Governor's... 
You're not a tested Christian until you have lived in the north - Pastor Adeboye: This twitter handle is conne... 
Kylie Jenner says she's 'high as f***' in new video as Tyga's grandma says she approves of their relationship:... 
Police promote 632 senior officers: The Police Service Commission has approved the promotion of 632 senior Pol... 
I remain speaker of Enugu Assembly, Odoh insists: The Speaker of the Enugu State House of Assembly, Hon. Eugen... 
Nigeria cannot afford humanitarian crisis – ICRC: The International Committee of the Red Cross has declared th... 
Delhi government threatens action against media organisations: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Rebutting media reports... 
British parliament gets youngest MP since 1667: London, May 8 (IANS) A 20-year-old student belonging to the Sc... 
Wife among four held for murdering man: Gurgaon, May 8 (IANS) A woman and her paramour were arrested here for ... 
Four Delhi Jal Board officials arrested on graft charges: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Four employees of the Delhi ... 
Ajanta Pharma net up 20 percent in Q4: Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Drug major Ajanta Pharma Ltd has posted Rs.84 cror... 
There has never been a fight between me and Fashola - Bola Tinubu: Former Governor of Lagos state, Bola Tinubu... 
Mercy Johnson sets her sights on box office dominance: She's the sweet actress adored by many, from the film p... 
FLAT NO 3B (3): One is loneliness, two is companionship but three they say is a crowd. Flat 3B had undergone t... 
Photos: Khloe Kardashian gets cellulite lasered off her butt: When you have money, you can do whatever you lik... 
Sacha Kljestan has returned to MLS a veteran of Europe's bright lights: This week's episode of MLS Insider exp... 
Messi's best-ever form? Real Madrid's chances vs. Juventus? La Liga strike?: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe praises Lionel... 
Do You Prefer Your New Spouse To Be A Virgin Or Otherwise? Nigerians Air Their Opinon: Long time ago Virginity... 
Newspaper Explains Why It Published Death Advert On Buhari: Sun newspaper has explained why it published the d... 
What Buhari Must Do To Succeed – David Mark: David Mark has urged the president – elect, Mohammadu Buhari, to ... 
OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO: Olamide – ‘Bobo’: YBNL boss, Olamideis not resting on his oars. The singer and new dad h... 
SENSATIONAL! WizKid Sets The Whole Of Houston, Texas On Fire [VIDEO]:  It was his Industry Nite in Houston,Tex... 
Jonathan felicitates with Shonekan, Nwobodo: President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday felicitated with a former H... 
Court remands man, 38, for raping 8-year-old girl: An Ota Magistrates’ Court in Ogun State on Friday remanded ... 
New Music: Chordratic Beats - 'Mama' (A Mother's Tale): Chordratic's 'Mama' definitely strikes all the right c... 
Ifeoma Williams: Ex- beauty queen steps out flawless in vibrant look: Former beauty queen; Ifeoma Williams ste... 
Elton John: 'AIDS can be eradicated with more funding' - Singer urges US congress: He said AIDS can be eradica... 
Suicide Bomber Died Alone: [PHOTOS] Injured students survive Potiskum College terror strike: A lone suicide bo... 
Bruce Jenner: Reality star receives N1B for new docuseries: The reality star's new series is expected to air o... 
Photos from Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede's burial: The Classic FM presenter died on Sunday May 3rd and was buried ... 
BJP to apprise PM about Bengal blast: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Pressing for an NIA probe into the Pingla blast th... 
EC to have independent campus for IIIDEM: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The Election Commission (EC) will set up an ... 
Set up panel to review terror cases, cleric urges Modi: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Jamiat Ulema-i-Hind chief Maul... 
Saudi warning before bombing Yemen province: Riyadh, May 8 (IANS) The Saudi-led coalition warned on Friday tha... 
'Jan Suraksha schemes to help eliminate Jan Dhan's zero balance accounts': Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) The Jan Surak... 
Rescued Ethiopians in Libya arrive in Cairo: A group of Ethiopians freed from Islamic militant kidnappers in L... 
Photo: Nigeria's president-elect's convoy: Gen. Buhari's convoy as it made its way to the Defence House in Abu... 
Court suspends Salman Khan's 5-year prison sentence: A Bombay high court today suspended the five year prison ... 
Jose Mourinho wanted Steven Gerrard at Real Madrid and Inter Milan: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho has said he tried ... 
PDP Crisis: Governors Set To Form New Party: Rumours are rife that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governor... 
EXCLUSIVE REVELATIONS: What Nigerians Think About 10-Year Age Gap In Marriage: 
SO SAD: APC Chieftain And Former Minister Of Information Dies:  A leader of the All Progressive Party in Ogun ... 
Tinubu Opens Up On His Disagreements With Fashola: Bola Tinubu, the national leader of the All Progressives Co... 
OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO: Reminisce Ft. Olamide &amp; Phyno – ‘Local Rappers’: Reminisce has dropped a new one. The in... 
Student, other die in Imo hotel: Residents of Edede, Owerri in Imo State, on Friday, woke up to hear the news ... 
Jonathan congratulates Cameron on electoral victory: President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday congratulated Prime... 
I won’t dictate to Ikpeazu, Orji pledges: Governor Theodore Orji of Abia State has pledged he will not dictate... 
Check out the 'Damilohun' video by Sly that everyone is talking about: Born and bred in Lagos, Sly is a versat... 
Zoning Formulas &amp; Our Polity - By Charly Boy: Article written by Charly Boy. Read below and share your thought... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: The ESPN FC crew debate which league can be... 
Goa's 'missing' ex-minister approaches SC, seeks more time to surrender: Panaji, May 8 (IANS) Goa's convicted ... 
Modi congratulates Cameron on poll victory: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday con... 
Man fined Rs.5,000 for burning leaves: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) An employee of the Meghalaya House here has pai... 
Phir Ek Baar, Cameroon Sarkar, tweets Modi: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday con... 
Four held for looting taxi in Gurgaon: Gurgaon, May 8 (IANS) Four people were arrested here for robbing a taxi... 
Photos from the foiled bomb attack in Potiskum today: Some photos from the foiled bomb attack that occurred at... 
World War II: Europe and US mark 70th anniversary: Paris, London, Berlin and Washington are just some of the c... 
Rio Ferdinand: QPR defender given time-off following death of wife: QPR manager has revealed that the centre-b... 
'Captain America: Civil War': Marvel reveals Synopsis, confirms cast of upcoming sequel: Meet the confirmed ca... 
'Arrow': Watch promo for upcoming finale 'My Name is Oliva Queen': Watch new promo video  for an upcoming 'Arr... 
Showing At The Cinemas: 'Avengers:Age of Ultron', 'Furious 7', 'Iyore' and more: Pulse.ng presents you with al... 
Street Traders Invade Lagos: Residents of Lagos can attest to the fact that street trading and hawking is a da... 
PHOTOS: Meet Girl With The World’s Longest Tongue: Meet a 18-year-old girl who claims to have the longest tong... 
GEJ Trekker Bemoans His Loss, As Female Companion Pulls Out Of Journey: The young man who is embarking on a tr... 
What’s Wrong With The 2015 Elections INEC Payment To Ad Hoc, NYSC Staff?: 
Meet Nigerian MPs In The UK Parliament: Three Nigerian women and one man won seats in the UK parliament during... 
Photos: Pamela Anderson steps out without a bra: Want to get a little attention? Go out bra-less. Ms Anderson ... 
(SPONSORED) Leke Pitan’s face-saving PR stunt: I was amused to read the story in the Punch of May 7, 2015, whe... 
Premier League, La Liga or another -- which league is harder to win?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but ... 
Man City will learn from past mistakes on Yaya Toure's birthday - Pellegrini: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Dortmund seeking to boost league prospects with Europa League at stake: Ilkay Gundogan is set to follow Jurgen... 
USAID announces $1.5 mn award for SEWA: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The US Agency for International Development (U... 
Norway, Philippines envoys among seven dead in Pakistan chopper crash: Islamabad, May 8 (IANS) The ambassadors... 
Government keeping 'close watch' on country's security concerns: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The government keeps ... 
Shiamak 'shocked' by sexual abuse allegations: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Ace choreographer Shiamak Davar is shoc... 
BJP MP moves privilege notice against Rahul Gandhi(Lead Correcting Last Para): New Delhi. May 8 (IANS) A Bhara... 
Tonto Dikeh shares new photo with her man, Mr X: She's back to hiding his face...:-) 
Major UK fashion brand, New Look, now live &amp; exclusive on Jumia!: Fashion  trends come and go, but some Fashio... 
Mexico Abduction: 'Corrupt' police boss arrested over 43 student teachers' killing: Francisco Salgado, a 41-ye... 
Knives Out: Miss Zimbabwe in trouble over leaked nude photos: Miss World Zimbabwe is in trouble after her nude... 
Freaky: See the teenager with the longest tongue in the world: Her unusually long tongue has caught the attrac... 
Uber: Tech company makes $3 billion bid for Nokia's Here maps: Nokia had announced last month that it was cons... 
Exercise: Is excessive exercise harmful?: While consistent, moderate exercise improves physical and mental hea... 
China raises cigarette tax to deter smoking: China will more than double the tax on tobacco to 11 percent, the... 
Late Classic FM OAP Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede buried: Late Classic FM 97.3 presenter Slyvester Ojigbede popular... 
Actor Femi Jacobs releases new promo pics as he turns a year older: One of Nollywood's most sought after actor... 
Nasri ruled out for Man City but Kompany and Toure return from injury: MANCHESTER -- Samir Nasri will miss the... 
Carlo Ancelotti: Gareth Bale and Real Madrid will recover form: Carlo Ancelotti has backed Gareth Bale and the... 
This Chris Brown home intruder is crazy sha! And she's African!: The crazy chic who broke into Chris Brown's h... 
Competition Commission probing Google in four cases: Jaitley: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The Competition Commissi... 
Temperatures soar in Himachal: Shimla, May 8 (IANS) The hills of Himachal Pradesh on Friday continued to exper... 
Salman case shows VIPs can avoid jail: Bedi: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The bail given to Bollywood star Salman K... 
Cameron's Conservatives defy forecasts, win British polls (Roundup): London, May 8 (IANS) Defying all predicti... 
Key Indian equity index stages 500-point recovery (Roundup): Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Recovering from a three-day ... 
UK Elections 2015: Leaders of opposition parties resign amidst failure at the polls: Ed Miliband, leader of th... 
Kanye West: Rapper still with ROC Nation despite contrary reports: According to the pop culture site Complex, ... 
Flying Eagles: Players train in new Nike kits: The Flying Eagles team now have their travelling bags, boots, s... 
Forbes: Top 10 largest Car makers in the world: Toyota still remains the world’s biggest automaker both on thi... 
National Youth Service Corps: Glo donates 100KVA to Lagos NYSC orientation camp: Corps members at the Lagos st... 
LASPOTECH: Controversy shrouds appointment of Rector: The appointment of a rector for the Lagos State Polytech... 
UK Labour Party leader Ed Miliband resigns after election defeat:  
Woman smuggles eight-year-old to Spain in suitcase:   Police found an eight-year-old Ivorian boy hidden in a s... 
Group Exposes Kashamu’s Schemes To Thwart Extradition: A group known as the Justice Watch Group of Nigeria has... 
Akwa Ibom Ex-militants Plead For Inclusion In Oil Pipeline Surveillance Contract: Ex-militants who are members... 
23-Yr-Old Lord Triggs Reveals Something About Toyin Lawani, His 33-Yr-Old BabyMama: 23-year-old Lord Triggs, w... 
You Think You Can Trek?! See What Rapper MI Abaga Wants His Fans To Do [Photos]:  It’s no news that the whole ... 
Update from Nigeria Police on foiled bomb attack in Potiskum: Here is an update from the Nigerian police on  t... 
MLS Insider: The Atomic Ant: Toronto FC's diminutive forward Sebastian Giovinco brings a unique set of skills to MLS. 
UBA and MasterCard Reward Cardholder with Priceless Holiday Experience in Dubai:  UBA is known to offer freebi... 
Amazing story of how a mother re-united with the son she left behind in Boko Haram camp: Margaret, a mother of... 
Arsene Wenger has plenty to ponder amid doubts over Ramsey's fitness: Arsene Wenger says he is delighted with ... 
Hunter: Messi raises his own bar vs. Bayern:  
Lagos State Public Works Corporation: 4,104 roads have been maintained in five years: The LSPWC stated that th... 
Muhammadu Buhari: These are the top 3 priorities of President-elect’s incoming government: Buhari disclosed th... 
In America: Church cancels baby's baptism because parents are homosexuals: The gay couple hoped to become part... 
Bad Example: 35-yr-old teacher arrested for raping 12-yr-old student: A teacher who is supposed to impart good... 
NYSC, Unity, Nigeria: Marry an indigene while serving, get automatic employment, Nasarawa Gov. tells corps mem... 
$242m fraud: Appeal Court reserves judgment on Nwude’s assets: The Lagos Division of the Court of Appeal, on T... 
Gunman opens fire on Yobe school, injures 12: A gunman opened fire on Friday outside a school in northeast Nig... 
WAITING (14): Stanley woke up and looked at the time, it was 2:13a.m. He got up and eased himself. Coming back... 
Popular Rapper Phyno Just Acquired This In Lekki: Nigerian rapper and record producer, Azubike Chibuzo Nelson,... 
MUST READ: Why Next Senate President Should Be A Christian: Editor’s note:  Dan Amor, a journalist and public ... 
Jonathan Used Our Money For His Campaign – Retirees: Federal pensioners lamented that the federal government u... 
How I Became A Criminal And Sponsored My Political Friends – Senator Nwobodo Confesses: Princewill Eze, a 55-y... 
Ghanaian man dresses in a suit to sell water melon on the streets: Pictured above is Daniel Nartey, a Ghanaian... 
Britain polls: Conservative Party on verge of absolute majority: London, May 8 (IANS) British Prime Minister D... 
UK Independence Party leader resigns: London, May 8 (IANS) Nigel Farage on Friday resigned as leader of the UK... 
Rishi Kapoor stays put on Twitter, tweets on: Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor, who was contemp... 
Finance ministers want to review GST in other countries: Thiruvananthapuram, May 8 (IANS) The two-day meeting ... 
Spanish Football League to take legal action over players' strike: Madrid, May 8 (IANS) The Spanish Football L... 
Unlawful detention of two sisters: Just got this sad email from a LIB reader. Things like this just make me so... 
Rap Break: Watch this man rap his McDonald order: Hi-Rez walked into a McDonald outlet and instead of saying h... 
Let Her Go: Family late Lagos Pharmacist's wife cry out over her long detention: Though the body of the Lagos ... 
In Egypt: Journalists declares "media war" on religious terrorists: The declaration was made on behalf of the ... 
Lagos State Government: De-flooding programme had 9.5 million beneficiaries: The commissioner said that the mi... 
Sober Reflection: 'The day I found out I had HIV' - Nigerian gay Bisi Alimi: Nigeria's popular homosexual and ... 
Man United's Michael Carrick sidelined for remainder of campaign: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick... 
Memphis Depay snub adds to Liverpool woes in transfer market: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop says Manchester United ha... 
5 Most Handsome Male Politicians In Nigeria: Unfortunately, Nigerian politics is filled with men who are not k... 
APC Reacts To Journalist Death: The Niger State chapter of the All Progressive Congress (APC) has reacted to t... 
Jobberman Free CV Evaluation Continues.: Have you uploaded your CV for a free evaluation? You still have time.... 
Emmanuel Adebayor's sister fires back, calls him liar, says the family is done with him: Three days ago, footb... 
Photos: Meet General Buhari's beautiful daughter, Safina Buhari: Meet Safina Buhari, the beautiful daughter of... 
Smart policing is the need of the hour: Sonowal: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Expressing concern over the state of ... 
Bus employees continue strike in Andhra, Telangana: Hyderabad, May 8 (IANS) Public road transport services in ... 
South Korean firms urged to invest in India: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Saying that it was not only "looking East... 
Banks must follow rules for insurance policy: unions: Chennai, May 8 (IANS) Unions in the banking sector have ... 
Wanted to look like a star at National awards: Kangana: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut... 
Photo of the Day: Uru Eke, Femi Jacobs are picture perfect: Pulse Photo of the Day presents you with interesti... 
Lekki: This estate on the Lekki waterfront redefines luxury: It is seated on three hectares of land directly f... 
Daily Horoscope - Friday, May 8, 2015: What your Zodiac sign says today: Here's a short forecast for the 12 zo... 
New Music: Koker - 'Do Something': After appearing on M.I’s ‘Chairman’ album on the track ‘Rich’, Koker is sol... 
Aisha Falode: Ace TV personality's daughter writes emotional letter about late brother: Nearly, one year after... 
Kogi CJ decries youth population in prisons over cultism: The Chief Judge of Kogi, Justice Nasir Ajanah, has d... 
Tribunal orders inspection of ballot papers in Akpabio’s election: The National and State Houses of Assembly E... 
Six workers injured in Greek refinery fire: Six workers were injured Friday when a fire broke out at an oil re... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge to miss start of next season after surgery: LIVERPOOL -- Liverpool manager Brenda... 
I know he's married, but that doesn't mean we can't look! (photos): Women, make una help me see better thing t... 
Photo: Some Nigerians forced out of Niger Republic arrive Nigeria: Photo above shows Nigerians arriving Giedam... 
BREAKING: Three Students killed, 20 Injured In Fresh Boko Haram Attack: Three students were killed with at lea... 
SEE What Pretty Nigerian Woman Did To This Ugly British Conservative During UK Elections: Kate Osamor has made... 
PHOTOS: Burning Tankers On Lagos-Ibadan Expressway: There was an explosion on the notorious Lagos-Ibadan expre... 
Breaking News: Suicide Bomber Attacks School In Potiscum: At least one person dead and 7 other sustained diffe... 
FAMILY DRAMA: Footballer Adebayor’s Sister Says He’s Under A Spell, Reveals More: A few days ago the Togolese ... 
Lagos: Why 4th mainland bridge had to be redesigned: The redesign of the 23km project became imperative becaus... 
Jim Iyke: Actor's bottled water company starts operations: The new company has started operating officially as... 
Drinks: Iced Coffee [Recipe]: People love to refer to this drink as a coffee-chocolate milkshake, but i love t... 
Manny Pacquiao: Filipino's shoulder injury surgery successful: Pacquiao took to his Instagram to announce his ... 
Upcoming Events: Must attend events this weekend 8-10/5/15: The weekend is here again, thinking of where to ge... 
Suicide bomber attacks College of Administrative Studies in Yobe: A suicide bomber and a group of men suspecte... 
Infiltration bid foiled on LoC in Poonch, guerrilla killed: Jammu, May 8 (IANS) The Indian Army on Friday kill... 
OPEC daily basket price closes lower: Vienna, May 8 (IANS/WAM) The basket of 12 crude oils of the Organisation... 
'Government should reduce financial burden on oil firms': New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) With lower global crude oil ... 
Nepal receiving less foreign aid: UN: Kathmandu, May 8 (IANS) The United Nations said on Friday that Nepal is ... 
Four more aftershocks jolt Nepal: Kathmandu, May 8 (IANS) Four more tremors, including one measuring 5 on the ... 
LV Speedy vs Longchamp Pliage?: Dress like a future Queen or a Hollywood icon…and the best part is, you can ge... 
Pakistan helicopter carrying foreign diplomats crashes: A Pakistani military helicopter carrying foreign diplo... 
South African man raped at gun point by 3 women so they could steal his sperm: A South Africa man has told how... 
Arsene Wenger optimistic Theo Walcott will extend Arsenal deal: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger said he is confident T... 
Nikolai’s Top 5: The Things Women Do Just To Secure A Permanent Husband: Women try so hard in their daily rela... 
Envoy Recall: Suspended Permanent Secretary Forgiven By Jonathan: The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of F... 
Manchester United: Could this be club's line-up for next season?: Pulse Sports  takes a look at what Louis van... 
New Music: B-Raiz - 'Kilode': The rapper follows up his last well received track '3AM', with a super dope DaRe... 
Nkem Owoh: Top 5 movies of multi-talented actor: Which is your favourite Nkem Owoh movie? Check out our top 5 ... 
Chocolate City: Pulse holds exclusive interview with top Nigerian record label: During the interview session, ... 
Affordable housing: Company reaffirms plan to build 1000 'Lease to Own' houses: Emphasizing on the benefits of... 
I haven't been with another woman since I met Toyin Lawani 4 years ago - Lord Triggs: Toyin Lawani's babydaddy... 
Ngige denies rancour in APC over South-East interest: Senator Chris Ngige on Thursday in Abuja denied reports ... 
Manjhi floats new party in Bihar: Patna, May 8 (IANS) Former Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Friday f... 
China echoes Modi, says ready to further promote ties: Beijing, May 8 (IANS) A Chinese foreign ministry spokes... 
Alexandra Daddario to star in 'The Layover': Los Angeles, May 8 (IANS) Actress Alexandra Daddario has joined K... 
Users to be blamed for their less diverse news feed: Facebook: New York, May 8 (IANS) If your Facebook News Fe... 
Liverpool striker Sturridge ruled out for five months: London, May 8 (IANS) Injury-stricken English footballer... 
20yr old Mhairi Black wins British Paliarment seat, youngest MP in 300 years: Mhairi Black, 20 years and 238 d... 
Sergio Aguero would rather win title with Man City than the Golden Boot: Sergio Aguero has set his sights on f... 
Barcelona's Neymar grateful for Lionel Messi penalty gesture: Neymar says he will never forget the generosity ... 
Read How A Catholic Church Was Turned Into A Mosque Recently: A report on the influential New York Times chron... 
JUST IN: Nigeria Civil Servants To Undergo Compulsory Screening, Read Why: The Nigerian federal government has... 
Second Niger Bridge: Ohanaeze Ndigbo Reports Jonathan To Buhari: A faction of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo led by Chief... 
This Is What Ini Edo Is Up To Now: Star actress, Ini Edo is currently writing her exams as a law student of th... 
'A loved one gone forever. How it feels!' late Toba Folade's sister Tolu shares experience: Toba Falode would ... 
'30 Days of Modenine': Day 8 - 'Smiling Faces' ft Ikechukwu: Here's the eighth single of the project. It is ti... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President holds secret meeting with Buhari: The night-time meeting was reportedly held insi... 
Cynthia Morgan: Check out why the dancehall singer will go nude in her music videos: Cynthia Morgan headlined ... 
Goodluck Jonathan: ‘President’s handover notes not ready,’ APC says: The APC also revealed that the transition... 
Oba of Lagos: ‘I’ll expose Buhari’s enemies,’ monarch says: Oba Akiolu also said that he’s not afraid of any h... 
Ademola Receives Full Tuition Scholarship From Sheffield Hallam University, UK. You Can Too!: Ademola is from ... 
Paes, Mirza lose in Madrid Open: Madrid, May 8 (IANS) Indian tennis players Leander Paes and Sania Mirza both ... 
