VIDEO: Virginia Woolf inspires new ballet: Composer Max Richter talks about his his latest work, a new b... 
Should You Believe Pulitzer Prize-Winning Reporter Seymour Hersh?: On Sunday The London Review Of Bo... 
How Many Kardashians You're Worth: This week we saw how wealthy tech execs are, scream-inducing fake... 
These Unofficial Lego Posters Supporting Ireland's Marriage Vote Are Awesome: The brainchild of Irish ph... 
12 Reasons Gordon Bombay Was The Best Damn Character Ever: “Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, Mr. Ducks... 
Tickets for Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard’s Anfield farewell in demand: • Seats for match against... 
Bayern’s heads and legs missing as they tumble out of Champions League: Pep Guardiola called for his... 
Leighton Baines injury could leave England with left-back shortage: • Everton full-back could requir... 
Kenya Moore's Reveals Her Friendship Status With Nene Leakes And Phaedra Park: "Real Housewives of Atla... 
Kenya Moore's Boyfriend From 'Millionaire Matchmaker' Is Married: Kenya Moore just revealed that her bo... 
Kenya oil product imports to hit record in May: Off Beats 3 – A filling station attendant fills a vehic... 
Bayern’s heads and legs missing as they tumble out of Champions League: Pep Guardiola called for his s... 
Leighton Baines injury could leave England with left-back shortage: • Everton full-back could require ... 
Mayweather-Pacquiao is over and boxing is dead, again: The record-smashing numbers done by Mayweather-... 
Andrew Strauss means business but ECB must shake off Pietersen shadow: It was a day when England’s new... 
TIP TO COUNTY CHIEFS: AK Nyanza South boss asks governments to set up camps to tap sprint ...... 
Ark: Survival Evolved announcement trailer reveals rideable dinosaurs: Have you ever wanted to fly a p... 
Bayern Munich 3 Barcelona 2, agg 3-5; match report: Neymar goals seals Champions League final spot: Ba... 
Taking sides with technology: Ory Okolloh, a Kenyan political activist, began blogging about the violen... 
Reading Earth’s Destiny In The 'Blood Spatter' Around Other Stars: The question of how the Solar Sys... 
Typedrummer Will Keep You Occupied For Hours: Type anything into the text box and Typedrummer will t... 
Visualizing How Many Cops Are Killed On Duty And How Many People Are Killed By Cops: In recent month... 
Reporter shuts down bros trying to yell 'fuck her right in the pussy': “Fuck her right in the pussy,” as... 
Obama Takes On 'Obamaphone' Meme: You know it if you watch Fox News. On a regular basis. It is a constan... 
US military helicopter missing in Nepal with eight on board: A search is underway for the Marine aircraf... 
US ready to repeal sanctions on Russia, if Ukraine peace deal implemented: John Kerry urges both sides t... 
Russia just gave John Kerry a basket of potatoes. We have many questions.: Today, US Secretary of St... 
America is becoming less Christian, and US Christianity is becoming less white: Christianity is on t... 
Aca-Mazing Facts About The Cast Of Pitch Perfect: Rebel Wilson had malaria?!

  ... 
25 Easy DIYs Made Possible By Bees: They’re disappearing, y’all!

You've probably heard t... 
Fanfic Star Anna Todd On How The Internet Made Her Famous: Todd and her medium of choice, the online writing c... 
Nepal’s Recent Quakes Don’t Mean a Bigger One Isn’t Coming: A second quake has struck Nepal. Here are the geol... 
How One Instagram Feed Is Helping Nepal’s Quake Survivors: Writer Tara Bedi and photographer Sumit Dayal use I... 
#EPL Everton left-back Leighton Baines a doubt for England in Euro 2016 qualifier with Slovenia: Lei... 
#EPL Man Utd news: Louis van Gaal hoping to discover size of transfer budget as Ed Woodward reveals ... 
#EPL Aston Villa takeover goes up a gear as two more buyers lodge bids: Exclusive: Former Chelsea ex... 
#EPL Asmir Begovic to leave Stoke City after contract talks stall: Exclusive: Stoke ready to trigger... 
Mayweather-Pacquiao Breaks Pay-Per-View Records: An estimated 4.4 million viewers paid to watch the fi... 
Kenya Moore Finds Out Her 'Millionaire Matchmaker' Guy Is Married: 'I Am Astounded And ...: When it com... 
Oh No! Kenya Moore Discovers Her New Man is MARRIED + Vivica Fox Reacts &amp; BLASTS Kenya ...: Kenya Moore... 
Kenya Moore Is "Astounded and Devastated" to Learn Her Millionaire Matchmaker Boyfriend Is a ...: Love ... 
Kenya Moore says her 'Millionaire Matchmaker' boyfriend is actually married: Kenya Moore experienced a ... 
Vivica Fox Calls Kenya Moore A 'Toxic Tr*ck' On Twitter As Kenya Says 'Millionaire Matchmaker ...: Boy,... 
Sam Burgess tells Stuart Lancaster he is ready for the World Cup: • Bath flanker believes he can make ... 
This Diet Pepsi Ad From 1979 Is Awesome: “And you’re drinkiiiiiiiiin’ Diet Pepsiiiiiii!”

... 
23 Times Someone Ate Michelle Obama's Leftovers Without Asking: UNCOOL.

"Seriously, dude... 
VIDEO: New Tory cabinet holds first meeting: David Cameron has chaired his first all-Tory cabinet meetin... 
VIDEO: Nigel Farage: 'I did keep my word': Nigel Farage is back to work as UKIP leader, three days after... 
#MatchReport Bayern Munich 3-2 Barcelona (agg 3-5) | Champions League semi-final second leg match re... 
Neymar leads Barcelona to Champions League final despite Bayern victory: On a muggy, absorbing, oddl... 
Max Allegri: Paul Pogba set to start for Juventus against Real Madrid: • France international only r... 
The Rise Of The Incredible Edible Insect: Start-ups are marketing an unlikely new protein. It’s nutr... 
Eat The Greek Yogurt (Correctly): Greek yogurt is best thought of not as a yogurt, but as a soft whi... 
Can The Microbes You Leave Behind Be Used To Identify You?: It’s increasingly clear that everyone ha... 
Neymar leads Barcelona to Champions League final despite Bayern victory: On a muggy, absorbing, oddly ... 
Kevin Pietersen ‘devastated’ by England snub but Andrew Strauss stands firm: • Pietersen believes he w... 
29 Times The "Once Upon A Time" Cast Redefined Squad Goals: Once upon a time, there were some buddies.

... 
Would You Make It As A Jewel Thief?: A choose your own adventure game.

 In this Choose Your Ow... 
Remaking MakerBot: Remaking MakerBot 
Yayoi Kusama's ‘Obliteration Room’ Is About to Be the Next New York Selfie Destination: 
[body_imag... 
British Auschwitz survivor testifies at trial of Oskar Gröning: Ivor Perl, who arrived at Auschwitz aged... 
#EPL Fabregas: More quality in La Liga than Premier League: Fabregas says that the Spanish league is... 
#EPL Premier League could be architects of their own downfall: If Villa win the FA Cup, the sixth-pl... 
#EPL Premier League Transfer Predictions for the Top Four: The top of the English Premier League is ... 
Books of The Times: ‘Elon Musk,’ a Biography by Ashlee Vance, Paints a Driven Portrait: Mr. Vance’s bio... 
William Zinsser, Author of ‘On Writing Well,’ Dies at 92: Mr. Zinsser was a prolific author, editor and... 
"Dear Mom &amp; Dad": Vietnam War soldier's 1967 letter discovered after Texas tornado: Brian New, a CBS... 
Manchester United Under-21’s Adnan Januzaj scores in 4-0 rout of Manchester City: • James Wilson, As... 
Age of Ultron Is Proof Marvel Is Killing the Popcorn Movie: Some time in the middle of Avengers: Age of Ultron... 
DAVID R. SANDS: Yochanan Afek scores unprecedented fourth chess title: In the hallways of Chess High, t... 
Fabiano Caruana, top chess grandmaster, applies to play for U.S.: The U.S. Chess Federation announced T... 
Here's The Chess Match Between The Memphis Grizzlies And Stephen Curry: The chess match between Memphis... 
Fabiano Caruana to Join the U.S. Chess Federation: ST. LOUIS, May 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The United S... 
Bits Blog: Bill Gates, Andy Grove and Steve Jobs: The Strategies They Shared: A new book by two bu... 
Bunny chases cat down hallway: Watch as a small bunny rabbit chases a cat down a hallway at a house... 
What's The Best Thing You've Ever Bought?: Tell us about your all-time greatest purchase.

 ... 
An Alarming History Of Canadian Men Yelling "F@&amp;k Her Right In The P#$!y" At Female Reporters: Canada ha... 
Warning about 'ransomware' virus that locks smart phones and demands money to unfreeze it: Million... 
Rafael Nadal: I am not as good as I was but I’m happy playing tennis: • ‘I don’t know if tomorrow I am... 
The Grim, Racist Methods Of One Brooklyn Landlord: "Some of the tenants put up such a fight that you... 
For The Love Of God, Stop Comparing Tom Brady To Ray Rice: The real crime here isn’t deflated footba... 
What The Verizon-AOL Deal Means For Marissa Mayer, Shingy And You: The immediate takeaway is that th... 
My Time as a Hostess in a Sleazy Chinese Karaoke Den: 
[body_image width='687' height='515' path='i... 
Breaking Down the UK Conservative Party's Evil-Sounding Policies: 
[body_image width='996' height='... 
Portraits of Belgrade's Immigrants and the Phones They Can't Live Without: [body_image width='1200' ... 
Black Mesa review (Early Access): With vastly improved yet still dated graphics, Black Mesa carries wi... 
Defra 'breaking law' by not restoring hacked air-quality website, say users: Environment departmen... 
This Woman Surprised Her Husband With A Pregnancy Announcement After Five Years Of Infertility: Amazing!... 
23 Nerdy Engagement Rings Every Geek Needs In Their Lives: These aren’t the rings you’re looking for.

... 
Kenya Moore SINGLE Again? RHOA Star Reveals 'Millionaire Matchmaker' Boyfriend Has Secret ...: (Photo :... 
Kenya Moore's so-called 'Millionaire Matchmaker' boyfriend married another woman: “Real Housewives of A... 
Kenya Moore's Millionaire Matchmaker boyfriend James marries: The Real Housewives of Atlanta's Kenya Mo... 
Kenya Moore Learns Her Millionaire Matchmaker Boyfriend Is Married!: Kenya Moore revealed that her boyf... 
Kenya Moore Love Update: The Man She Met On Millionaire Matchmaker Is Already Married!: Kenya, has been... 
Suspected serial killer 'may have murdered seven women' in Connecticut: Police believe a serial killer i... 
Two arrested over death threat to Oldham Athletic manager: Football club received letter threatening... 
Kensington 'beach hut' house owner refuses to repaint building: Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring, 71, insi... 
Kevin Pietersen slams ‘deceitful’ ECB after England snub: • Surrey batsman says he is absolutely devas... 
IPL 2015: Khan and Iyer lead Delhi Daredevils to six-wicket win over Chennai Super Kings: • Chennai 11... 
Ruling May Stop Willy-Nilly Gadget Searches at US Borders: A new ruling is signaling a different direction for... 
Manchester City’s Yaya Touré: more radical sanctions needed for racism: • ‘Monkey chants have been d... 
23 Reasons Following BFF's Tumblr Will Nourish Your Soul: Delightful and nostalgic art. Puns. Butts. But... 
A Woman With Skin Cancer Posted A Graphic Selfie On Facebook To Warn Against Tanning Beds: Tawny Willoug... 
The Trailer For The New 'Muppets' TV Series Has Arrived: Hey, we know the audio on this is weird. It... 
Warner Music Says Streaming Revenue Has Passed Downloads: Here’s another sign that the music industr... 
Why Do People Have Extra Nipples?: Extra nipples were once thought to be a link to our evolutionary ... 
Should You Believe Pulitzer Prize-Winning Reporter Seymour Hersh?: A recent story published by legen... 
The Science Of Scarcity: A behavioral economist’s fresh perspectives on poverty. 
Getting Approval for Arctic Drilling Might've Been the Least of Shell's Problems: Summer on the Ch... 
Japan aims to harness space solar energy: Orbiting craft will gather energy of the sun and utilise micro... 
US military helicopter goes missing in Nepal: The US is searching for the Marine aircraft which was aidi... 
Manchester City’s Yaya Touré: more radical sanctions needed for racism: • ‘Monkey chants have been dir... 
In memoriam: AOL CDs, history's greatest junk mail: They became the iconic reflective symbol of the ... 
The Muppets are returning to prime time, courtesy of ABC’s fall 2015 schedule: ABC has unveiled its ... 
#EPL Southampton unlikely to get top four next season, says Reed: Southampton sporting director Les ... 
True Love Exists, And The Beckhams Are Living, Breathing Proof: Restoring our faith in love.

 ... 
A NYC Neighborhood Is Fighting To Save The Iconic Punjabi Deli: Delayed construction has taken significa... 
The Sad Saga of Hostgator M. Dotcom: 
[body_image width='640' height='420' path='images/content-ima... 
Behind Blanck Mass: Benjamin John Power's Fuzzy Exploration of Your Brain: Behind Blanck Mass: Benja... 
Comics: Kaaaanye! North Got into a Preschool Academy!: [body_image width='1000' height='1367' path='... 
Better Search Will Transform How You Use Instagram: Instagram co-founder Mike Krieger says that on a given day... 
Show Us Your Rig: Stardock's Paul Boyer: Paul Boyer, Lead Designer of Galactic Civilizations 3 at Star... 
Tom Clancy's The Division delayed to 2016: The Division is now expected to come out between January an... 
Why AOL Is Worth $4.4B to Verizon (And It Ain’t HuffPo): AOL knows as much about online ads as anyone. More im... 
Videos Are Going to Save Streaming Music: Forget MTV. Music videos are about to become more popular than ever ... 
Just When We Thought Denis Irwin Couldn't Get Any More Amazing, We Discover A Fact Like This: The first... 
It's not just California: the whole Southwest is facing a growing water crunch: All through the 20th... 
Jeb Bush learned the wrong lessons from the Iraq War: Jeb Bush says he misheard Megyn Kelly's questi... 
Kenya: ICC - a Silent Killer in Kenya: ... lists for the ICC case against Ruto. According to t... 
The Daily Show: "We're looking for votes, not money," is a phrase you'd never hear on this side of t... 
Fully-Functioning 3D Printed Caterpillar Bulldozer Is Adorably Small: Jason Hatala, the person who p... 
15 banned advertisements: As a bus company is forced to take down 'sexually explicit' posters, we ro... 
Rare Aston Martins sell for £10.3 million at auction: This year's Bonhams Aston Martin sale included... 
Porsha Williams To Thank For Kenya Moore's Discovery That 'Millionaire Matchmaker' Boyfriend ...: Kenya... 
Kenya Moore's Boyfriend Is Married? James Freeman Wedding After 'Millionaire Matchmaker ...: Kenya Moor... 
Kenya Moore Dumped By Boyfriend James Freeman, Discovers Millionaire Matchmaker Date Got ...: Say it is... 
Real Housewife Kenya Moore's Millionaire Matchmaker Boyfriend Got Married Behind Her Back: Back in Marc... 
Kenya Moore 'devastated' to find out that she fell in love with a married man: Today Kenya Moore releas... 
Tracey Crouch takes over from Helen Grant as sports minister: • Crouch, who coaches a women’s football... 
Bayern Munich v Barcelona: Champions League semi-final – live!: Champions League semi-final second-leg... 
Kevin Pietersen remains an issue the muddled ECB just cannot get right: Giddy from on-field success an... 
Answers to All Your Questions About the Mad Max Universe: Cue up Verdi’s “Requiem, Dies irae” and get ready fo... 
Here's How Freddie Wong Used $2435434 To Make 'VGHS' Season Three: Six months after premiering th... 
#EPL Fans group accuses Glazers of `draining` 1bn pound from Manchester United: ... ($1.5 billion, 1... 
#EPL Battery To Host EPL's West Brom On July 17th: The Charleston Battery will host an international... 
Turkey hires ex-CIA director to lobby US Congress: Porter Goss, who resigned from the CIA in 2006, hired... 
Bayern Munich v Barcelona: Champions League semi-final – live!: Champions League semi-final second-l... 
These Photos Will Make You Scared To Ever Take An Escalator Again: Prepare to take the stairs more.

... 
24 Things You Should Never Say To A "Friends" Fan: “Aren’t there five claps in the theme song?”

... 
In The Beginning: Cosmology has been on a long, hot streak, racking up one imaginative and scientifi... 
The Increasing Isolation Of America’s Police: Because they have no natural opponents in politics (th... 
See Newly Unearthed Photos From Nirvana’s 'Nevermind' Promo Shoot: Photographer Kirk Weddle is most ... 
AOL sold to Verizon: its journey from tech giant to penny-ante side bet: The $4.4bn price tag for ... 
Assassin's Creed: Syndicate – murder and mayhem amid the gangs of London: Ubisoft is moving its hi... 
Testing the 'selfie drone' in Central Park – video: Antoine Balaresque, 24, is the CEO of Lily, a ... 
VIDEO: Election result 'a collective failure': Labour leadership contender, Chuka Umunna, has told the B... 
VIDEO: The 'trust' issue: Pietersen, Strauss and England: England's new director of cricket, Andrew Stra... 
Artificial intelligence experts are building the world's angriest robot. Should you be scared?: A ... 
#MatchReport Bayern Munich v Barcelona: Champions League semi-final – live!: Champions League semi-f... 
Kenya: ICC - a Silent Killer in Kenya: "If you want to die easily in Kenya, just show interest... 
Bum! Robert Alai Exposes His Biggest Enemy David Matsanga! (Evidence): According to Alai,or hi... 
ICC Acquitted Person Sent Back to Congo: Belgium rejected his last political asylum request, a... 
Was Nadome attack politically motivated?: A few days ago, Kenyans were shocked and taken aback... 
To prevent atrocities, count on politics first, law later: Recent studies pointing to the glob... 
Andy Murray to play in Rome Masters to maintain momentum for French Open: • Scot has thumb injury but ... 
When I heard about Soylent, I thought my prayers had been answered. I was wrong.: I hate food.
I don... 
Currency manipulation and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, explained: One of the most common objection... 
Two Lunatics Fly Jetpacks Over Dubai, In 4K: It's 2015 and we thought we'd have jetpacks by now, and... 
29 Polynesian Celebrities Who Are Taking Over Hollywood: Watch these Pacific Islanders run the show.

... 
What Stupid Way Will You Die?: 100% Scientifically Accurate!

  
A Drug Kingpin And His Racket, The Untold Story Of Freeway Rick Ross: Before he was moving cocaine b... 
Jelly Vs Jam: Although some dialectal variations can be found, ask most English-speaking Americans w... 
What If We Prescribed Video Games, And Not Ritalin, To Treat ADHD?: One in five high school boys is ... 
Are Nutrition Studies Bogus?: The US Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee made headlines in Februar... 
Meet the Man Recruiting Vigilantes to Fight Crime in an Australian Town: 
[body_image width='796' h... 
Talking Cheap Art with Actor-Turned-Artist Leo Fitzpatrick: 
[body_image width='2000' height='1335'... 
Depeche Mode's Martin Gore Doesn't Want to Talk About Synths Anymore: 
[body_image width='915' heig... 
Assassin's Creed: Syndicate footage released: You've got to stab a socket or two. 
PC’s most annoying characters: The characters we love to hate. 
Kenya's fragile tourism sector: Kenya's tourism industry is facing its worst period in recent history. ... 
RHOA Kenya Moore Responds To Married Boyfriend, James Freeman After Engagement: "Real Housewives of Atl... 
Kenya: ICC - a Silent Killer in Kenya: As journalists in Kenya were getting ready to celebrate World Pr... 
Botswana's Choppies Supermarket to enter Kenya in 2015: The firm says Kenya formal retail channel makes... 
New Infographic Shows Midwest as the Place to Start Up and Invest: ANN ARBOR, Mich.--(BUSINESS WI... 
Seeking safety: ON MAY 13th the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm, will unveil fresh pl... 
Deflategate memes fly online: As with the Internet, first comes controversy, then come memes. Whether yo... 
Sam Allardyce forced to wait on future as West Ham eye alternatives: • No decision on Allardyce futu... 
Chelsea’s Petr Cech in talks with Besiktas over summer move, says agent: • Agent says Cech will deci... 
Win (home) tickets to West Brom v Chelsea in the Premier League: Answer a simple question and you co... 
Marvel's female Thor's secret identity has been revealed. Here's who it is: This article deals with ... 
Watch: This exclusive trailer for the Mad Men finale will make you tear up: Are you a Mad Men fan? D... 
Stop using income as a guide to economic class: Amy Chozick has a fascinating story about politician... 
Russia, the powerhouse of chess, miss out on medals at World Team Championships: Russia experienced ano... 
Motorhome swerves out of control and crashes following a tyre failure: Watch when a dashcam capture... 
Giro d’Italia: Davide Formolo claims stunning stage four victory: • Overall leader Alberto Contador fi... 
Sam Allardyce forced to wait on future as West Ham eye alternatives: • No decision on Allardyce future... 
Chelsea’s Petr Cech in talks with Besiktas over summer move, says agent: • Agent says Cech will decide... 
Jean-Claude Van Damme Recreates His Ridiculous 'Kickboxer': It's time to reasses some stuff when a g... 
The Male Suicides: Why do male suicides outnumber female in every country in the world? 
Vladimir Putin - by numbers: Key numbers behind Vladimir Putin, including his alleged $200 billion wealt... 
Estonia stages biggest military exercise in country's history amid fears of Russian 'aggression': Nato t... 
This Arkansas Couple Died Shielding Their Infant Daughter From A Tornado: When a tornado struck Nashvill... 
The Oldest Working Nurse In America Just Got The Most Amazing Birthday Surprise: Florence “SeeSee” Rigne... 
Fully-Functioning 3D Printed Caterpillar Bulldozer Is Adorably Small: Jason Hatala, the person who p... 
Totally irrelevant perambulations involving, perhaps, Nana Mouskouri: Click here to have the Fiver s... 
Throw This Camera Drone in the Air, and It Flies Itself: The Lily is a drone that doesn't need a controller, o... 
Hamburg king Rotich eyes Majors bow: The 25-year-old who shifted from track to road racing in... 
Athletics: Gemma Steel runner-up in Great Manchester Run: The 29-year-old, from Whitwick, fin... 
Qatar green building council to launch guide on creating a healthy city: In light of this, expert... 
The Deals That Transformed AOL: Acquisitions were once a symbol of the company, but the onetime In... 
Bits Blog: Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash: The move to buy AOL at $50 a share, a 17 p... 
#EPL When does the transfer window 2015 open and close?: All the key dates and information about the... 
#EPL Barcelona, Lionel Messi lead another AP Global Football 10: Manchester City's Sergio Aguero, ri... 
#EPL Petr Cech in Besiktas talks, claims agent: Cech has spent the season as second choice to Thibau... 
#EPL 10 Most Disappointing Premier League Players Of 2014/15: 10 Most Disappointing Premier League P... 
#EPL Enfield Town's play-off dream over after losing appeal against points deduction: Enfield Town w... 
Gareth Bale has a strong relationship with Real Madrid, says Carlo Ancelotti – video: Real Madrid mana... 
Instant ramen noodles have accomplished more than most people will in a lifetime: Instant noodles we... 
Being Young Might Be Overrated: Susan Neiman's new book, "Why Grow Up? Subversive Thoughts for an In... 
Did An Addiction To Fads Lead Marie Antoinette To The Guillotine?: “Once the King and Queen start dr... 
'When We Hear Shots, We Run Toward Them': In Cape Town, Africa's murder capital, ex-gang members are... 
Blur Lines: From fruit-picking to pub-crawling to stadium-rocking, the members of Blur have been con... 
Gay-Themed Traffic Lights Appear In Vienna Ahead Of The Eurovision Song Contest: The specially programme... 
11 Things You Never Knew About Manny The Frenchie: Yeah, you knew Manny was cute but did you know he lov... 
China eclipses Armenia in World Team Championships: A dangerous move: chess players are not always gent... 
Watch the new Assassin's Creed announcement here, now: Assassin's Creed: Syndicate announcement being ... 
Riot: Civil Unrest trailer shows pixelated protests: Real-time strategy lets you play as police or pro... 
Information Commissioner's Office to review privacy in children's apps: Plans to examine 50 apps a... 
Halfbrick launches maths-teaching sequel to Fruit Ninja mobile game: Developer puts its fruit-slic... 
Verizon to buy AOL in $4.4bn deal: All-cash deal will give Verizon access to Huffington Post and M... 
Tom Brady suspended: The funniest post-Deflategate, Patriots memes (PHOTOS): Now that Brady and the New ... 
Where Are Rae Sremmurd in Their 'This Could Be Us' Video? Their Girls Have No Clue: Rae Sremmurd's “This... 
How China and Russia are teaming up to erode American dominance: While the US military is still the bigg... 
Picasso daughter accuses Paris dealer of stealing artist's works: Picasso's step-daughter Catherine Huti... 
Gareth Bale has a strong relationship with Real Madrid, says Carlo Ancelotti – video: Real Madrid ma... 
Peter Gay, Historian Who Explored Social History of Ideas, Dies at 91: Mr. Gay wrote groundbreaking boo... 
ArtsBeat: Marvel Comics Reveals a Female Thor: In issue No. 8 of the Thor series, the identity of the w... 
Bookends: Is There a Double Standard for Judging Domestic Themes in Fiction?: Cheryl Strayed and Pankaj... 
Day in a life: An Ebola survivor's tale: Lafayette Vinton, 34, has been a preacher in Monrovia for mor... 
Zimbabwe to sell wild animals to Angola: Zimbabwe plans to export more wild animals to Angola despite ... 
This is the ridiculous result if you try to build a tiny house in most places: TinyHouseTalk — a blo... 
Royal Navy's annual photographic competition, in pictures: The winners of the the British Royal Navy... 
Vmware Opens Kenya Office, Appoints Local Team: Global provider of virtualization and cloud computing s... 
How Many G’s Would You Feel in the SpaceX Capsule Abort?: The SpaceX Dragon abort test offers a great opportun... 
Your DNA Changes With the Seasons, Just Like the Weather: In the winter, your blood contains a denser blend of... 
Infographic: The numbers that led to Jaya's acquittal in the DA case: The Karnataka High Court ac... 
Numeric Domain Names Infographic: Giuseppe Graziano shared this informative infographic about num... 
#EPL Top 10 highest paid players in the EPL: The English Premier League is one of the most watched f... 
#EPL Recognising Mourinho's lack of recognition: Chelsea's margin of dominance in the English top fl... 
#EPL Yoshinori Muto favoring Mainz over Chelsea: Mainz are reported to be on the verge of signing pr... 
Pet parrot pulls out boy's wobbly tooth: An unusual video has emerged of a pet bird who yanks a boy... 
Man sneezes out dart stuck up nose for 44 years: Camberley man Steve Easton, 51, finally knows why ... 
Southampton’s Jay Rodriguez signs deal to extend stay until 2019: • Southampton forward linked with ... 
Enfield Town’s play-off dream over after losing appeal against points deduction: • Ryman Premier Div... 
Preston called to account by FA over alleged assault of Chesterfield captain: • FA asks Preston for ... 
Will Hull City be relegated from the Premier League with QPR and Burnley?: Best XIs from the Premier... 
A Reminder That Even Precious Puppies Make Mistakes: Just keep on keepin’ on, everybody.

 ... 
16 People Who Are Pretty Sorted This Summer: It’s getting hot in here, so take off all your brains.

... 
Chess Hall of Fame Fight Resumes: LAS VEGAS (CN) - Concerned that a court battle over the Chess Hall of... 
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt review: phenomenally dense: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is a lavish, incredi... 
The Formula 1 Champion Kidnapped by Cuban Revolutionaries: The Formula 1 Champion Kidnapped by Cuban... 
Wolfang Tillmans Profiles Russia's Queer Community: Wolfang Tillmans Profiles Russia's Queer Community 
Archival Photos of a Brazilian Teenage Hot Air Balloon Gang: [body_image width='1019' height='1437' ... 
Why Tom Brady's Deflategate ban may well help the New England Patriots: An aging Tom Brady will come b... 
Preston called to account by FA over alleged assault of Chesterfield captain: • FA asks Preston for ob... 
Sudan's Bashir bashes on: No change at the top, and little further down either, after election shenanigans. 
South Africa: No goodbye to Vavi yet: Cosatu's outspoken general secretary has gone, but deep division... 
Uganda: From Russia with refining capacity: Uganda's oil sector has been slow to lift off, but plans f... 
Telecoms: Sudan's Sudatel to invest $267m in the next 5 years: Sudan Telecommunications Group (Sudatel... 
The Infinity Stones will be hugely important in Marvel's upcoming movies. Here's a guide.: This arti... 
The 10 universities attended by Cabinet members: According to a recent article published by the Sutt... 
Estonia volunteers save 20,000 frogs: Volunteers in Estonia help to escort nearly 20,000 frogs acros... 
Celebrations - along with shock - as Twitter reacts to Zimmerman shooting: News of the shooting of G... 
Infographic: 2015 Best High Schools: The 2015 U.S. News Best High Schools rankings, released toda... 
[INFOGRAPHIC] Project Isizwe's free WiFi TV nears 6m views: To see just how successful it has bee... 
Infographic: Microsoft Advertising – attention span habits in the multi-screen age: Eighty six pe... 
How Well Do You Remember The Black Knight Fight In "Monty Python And The Holy Grail"?: The Black Knight ... 
53 Signs Your Boyfriend Is Really Three Children In A Trenchcoat: Is he scared of commitment because he ... 
The Witcher 3: 5 observations from the full game: 30-odd hours with CD Projekt's bleak RPG. 
When is our Witcher 3 review coming?: We don't have PC code yet for The Witcher 3, but we'll be worki... 
The Male Suicides: How Social Perfectionism Kills: Why do male suicides outnumber female in every co... 
Chicken Embryos With Dinosaur Snouts Created In Lab: Chicks with dino-snouts? With a little genetic ... 
FBI Violated Its Own Rules While Spying On Keystone XL Opponent: The FBI breached its own internal r... 
America Is Less Christian, According To Pew: The Pew Research Center's report on America’s changing ... 
The New Dr. Kanye West Delivers His Honorary Doctorate Speech: Kanye received his Honorary Doctorate... 
This World of Warcraft Leeroy Jenkins Meme is 10 Years Old: The meme evolved from a video of a group of ... 
The Curious Case of the English “Envenom” Meme about the Scots: My intended series about the UK election... 
I think I know how Mad Men is going to end: Every week, Todd VanDerWerff will be joined by two of Vo... 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership, explained:  
Proof that the past could be extremely tacky: History is supposed to be classy: there's a reason ant... 
Delhi Daredevils v Chennai Super Kings: IPL 2015 – live!: IPL 2015 over-by-over updates from the clash... 
Will Hull City be relegated from the Premier League with QPR and Burnley?: Best XIs from the Premier L... 
Aston Villa’s Jack Grealish rejects Republic of Ireland call for June matches: • Jack Grealish has rep... 
The top-scoring Premier League defenders and where they are now: After John Terry moved clear at the h... 
Gareth Bale’s agent should ‘stay quiet’, says Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: • Jonathan Barnett cl... 
9 Reasons Why You Won’t Be Able to Ignore Hailee Steinfeld: We're about to enter the Summer of Steinfeld. Here... 
Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash: Verizon will pay a 17 percent premium over the closin... 
Bits Blog: Tango Offers Shopping on Its Messaging Service: Now you can buy a Yankees coffin within... 
Woman finds live snail in supermarket sandwich: Hannah Scott discovers crunchy creature as she tuck... 
Effective help for drought-hit Kenya: cash: TURKANA, Kenya — When the government of Kenya began giving ... 
10 killed after mosque collapses in Kenya: AT least 10 people have died after the partial collapse of a... 
Kenya floods: Deadly mosque wall collapse in Nairobi: At least nine people have died after a wall surro... 
At least 10 killed, 7 injured after heavy rains in Kenya: Rescuers remove debris at the site of a wall ... 
Sh130 Million Streetlights for Nyaatha's Beatification: KENYA Power will spend Sh130 million on lightin... 
Another Round, Episode 9: You're Gonna Be A Boss One Day: On this week’s episode: the emotional labor no... 
An Aristocrat With “Boot Polish” On His Face Crashed Into A Lamppost While Three Times Over The Limit: “... 
#EPL 'Arsenal need a top goalkeeper to fight for EPL title': Former England footballers Jamie Carrag... 
Paper’s Handy New Diagram Tool Hints at the iPad’s Future: Think Kit is a convincing demo of FiftyThree's visi... 
VIDEO: A top five of political comebacks: How Iain Duncan Smith, Winston Churchill, Peter Mandelson, Ale... 
VIDEO: Why El Nino might cause 'substantial weather': Forecasters say that the weather pattern known as ... 
Tumblr Has a Hardcore Meth Scene: Tumblr Has a Hardcore Meth Scene 
iPhone 6s Could Be Apple’s Biggest 'Incremental' Upgrade Of All Time: The iPhone 6s will feature twi... 
Gutted Costa Concordia Now Ready For Scrapping: The shipwrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner is fina... 
What You Need To Know About The Laws Of Space: Neil deGrasse Tyson has said he loses "sleep at night... 
The Burundi crisis that could become a civil war, explained: On May 7, protesters burned a Burundian... 
Fox bets big on Empire, Rob Lowe, and no reruns for fall 2015: At Fox's annual upfront presentation ... 
See, girls can play chess! Six-year-old punches the air after beating Norwegian chess champ: Lykke-Merl... 
Cannabis activist lights up in live TV interview on South Africa's state broadcaster: Andre Du Plessis s... 
'Gay sailor' sign to repel submarines: A peace group drops a neon 'gay sailor' sign into Swedish wat... 
Paul Scheer Is Bringing Back "TRL" (Sort Of): His latest video venture is called “ScheeRL” and it’s gonn... 
Here's What Happens When You Ask A Chef To Make You Breakfast: If anyone can turn a pile of vegetables i... 
GTA 5 mod unleashes terror from the skies: Angry Planes is pretty self-explanatory. And deadly. 
Aston Villa’s Jack Grealish rejects Republic of Ireland call for June matches: • Jack Grealish has r... 
The top-scoring Premier League defenders and where they are now: After John Terry moved clear at the... 
My Visit Will Be Beneficial for Years to Come, Obama Says: US President Barack Obama has said his visit... 
Kenya central bank says sees speculation on shilling, will act to contain it: NAIROBI May 12 (Reuters) ... 
Thomas the Tank Engine: the runaway success turns 70: After 70 years on the tracks, Thomas the Tank Eng... 
How African Americans are victimized by both crime and the criminal justice system: One of the thing... 
How Star Wars Conquered the Universe by Chris Taylor, review: 'sporadically entertaining': An entertain... 
For the love of God, rich people, stop giving Ivy League colleges money: Stephen Schwarzman — the bi... 
The arguments that convinced a libertarian to support aggressive action on climate: To the casual ob... 
Leeroooooy Jenkins! World of Warcraft's most infamous battlecry turns 10 years old: Leeroy Jenkins - per... 
Bike lanes aren't just for show: Take a ride down memory lane to when you were about six years ol... 
China's Revolution In Wind Energy [Infographic]: Back in 2010, China became the world's largest w... 
NCMM &amp; Cherry Bekaert's First Quarter 2015 Middle Market Indicator Infographic Now Available: NCM... 
Vienna replaces pedestrian traffic light figures with gay couples: In a gesture to coincide with the cit... 
Dust rises from destroyed buildings after second earthquake hits Nepal: Video footage captures the momen... 
#EPL Arsenal F.C. Legend Ian Wright Urges Theo Walcott to Weather 'Rough' Patch: Singapore: Arsenal ... 
#EPL Arsenal transfer news: Three strikers who could fire Arsenal to Premier League glory: As oppose... 
#EPL EPL Team of the Week 36: Riyad Mahrez (Leicester City) - The Algerian scored two goals and kept... 
#EPL Premier League promote local perks of lucrative tours: With the English Premier League medals d... 
The Startup That Wants to Cure Social Anxiety: Brett Redding felt like he was out of options. “It ... 
Livestream the WIRED Business Conference Here: The 2015 WIRED Business Conference is streaming live. Guests in... 
Chelsea target Yoshinori Muto set to turn down move and join Mainz: • Chelsea bid for Japan striker ... 
Gareth Bale’s agent should ‘stay quiet’ says Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti: • Jonathan Barnett... 
#FPL West Ham star Stewart Downing should be key man for England based on Fantasy points: West Ham United star... 
Record Art Sales At Auction: Fine-art prices are extraordinarily high relative to those a few decade... 
Who Is Coming To America? Increasingly, Chinese Students And Indian 20-Somethings: China and India a... 
Measles Vaccine Protects Children Against Other Deadly Infections, Too: It turns out that the vaccin... 
Copenhagen traffic wardens to become tour guides: Members of one of the world's most hated professi... 
Macaroni salad trail helps police catch peckish Build-A-Burger 'burglars': Hungry 'burglars' leave ... 
Celebrity Sightings: Cressida Bonas, Khloe Kardashian and Sarah Jessica Parker: Featuring Cressida B... 
14 Text Conversations The "Friends" Characters Would Have Had: So no1 told u lyf was gna b this way.

... 
These Kids Just Brilliantly Explained What Religion Means To Them: If only adults were as wise.

... 
Verizon Is Buying AOL for $4.4 Billion. Twitter Reacts.: Verizon announced today that it is going to pay $50 a... 
The Best Music Game Ever, Explained Really, Really Quickly: When the WIRED video crew asked me to talk about t... 
The Mad Plan to Clean Up Space Junk With a Laser Cannon: If a team of astronomers has their way, soon the Inte... 
Bayern Munich v Barcelona: live Champions League semi-final webchat: Barney Ronay is online from Munic... 
Big in Japan: how Chelsea are winning the hearts of fans in a football-mad country: A new shirt sponso... 
Portsmouth appoint Paul Cook after meeting Chesterfield’s release clause: • Cook leaves Chesterfield a... 
Andrew Balding has Derby candidate Elm Park ready for Dante Stakes: • Epsom Classic second favourite f... 
Google disables Map Maker in wake of urinating Android: Google has temporarily disabled its Map Ma... 
Inside the Mind Control Methods the Islamic State Uses to Recruit Teenagers: 
[body_image width='11... 
Picasso Sells For $179.3M At Christie’s, An All-Time Record For A Work At Auction: Tonight at an auc... 
Verizon Will Buy AOL For $4.4 Billion: Verizon, it has just been announced, has agreed a deal to buy... 
No One Seems To Know Who — Or What — Is Poisoning North Carolina Drinking Water Supplies: What seems... 
Nepal Rocked By 7.3-Magnitude Earthquake Near Mount Everest: Tremor strikes country still recovering... 
I Freeze People's Brains For A Living: If we see that they’re getting closer to death, like a day or... 
If Obama and Clinton are "affirmative action" candidates, so are white men: The Weekly Standard's Jo... 
INFOGRAPHIC: The budget winners and losers: INFOGRAPHIC: The budget winners and losers. Small bus... 
Little Devil Inside is a gorgeous survival RPG: Currently scrabbling for cash on the Kickstarter wasteland. 
28 Breathtaking Wilderness Parks Around The World: Take a walk on the wild side.

Torres ... 
Football Fan Punches Hole In Ceiling After His Team Scores, Scorer Offers To Pay: Paul Anderson said he ... 
Bayern Munich v Barcelona: live Champions League semi-final webchat: Barney Ronay will be online fro... 
Portsmouth appoint Paul Cook after meeting Chesterfield’s release clause: • Cook leaves Chesterfield... 
Nicholas Hoult on the Scary-Real Stunts in the New Mad Max: During the reporting of our feature in WIRED's May... 
YouTube’s Plans for 10 More Years of Video Domination: Ten years in, YouTube is determined to remain the inter... 
Ranked: The Most Bike-Friendly States in the US: Top-ranked Washington scored a 66.2. Guess which state placed... 
Bitcoin May Never Make It to Wall Street, But Its Tech Will: The company behind the Nasdaq stock exchange reve... 
The Brutal Reality of Life in China’s Most Polluted Cities: A photographer documents China's 'Cancer Villages,... 
Why do so many liberal parents hate Thomas the Tank Engine?: The apparently innocent world of talking t... 
Meme: Tom Brady Suspended Over Soft Balls, Lucifer Looks Watchable, Discussing the DadBod: Tom Brady Def... 
Pictures of the day: 12 May 2015: A great white shark close-up, jetpacks over Dubai and Prince Harry 
Take Your Bets On The Winner Of This Surprisingly Tense Marble Race: It's blue ahead by a mile! Now ... 
Will Republicans' stronghold in Congress cripple their quest for the White House?: Is the Republican... 
Reporters got a lot wrong covering Ebola. We should do better next time.: We journalists often rush ... 
Watch trailers for Fox's new fall shows, featuring Rob Lowe, Jamie Lee Curtis, and a Minority Report... 
Football quiz: match the club's ground to the 2015 general election results: The Conservatives won a... 
Everton’s Leighton Baines to see specialist over ankle injury: • Roberto Martínez seeks clarity over... 
Judiciary proposes extension of presidential petition period: He was speaking Tuesday at a Nairobi hote... 
Nokia at 150: The journey so far [Infographic]: NEW DELHI: Finnish major Nokia on Tuesday marked ... 
INFOGRAPHIC: 2015 federal budget at a glance: Your simple guide to the budget deficit, how the mo... 
Global Soccer: 5 Premier League Clubs Stuck in Relegation Battle: Newcastle tied over the weekend to c... 
Reporter shames sexist football fans after crude interruptions: Shauna Hunt of Canada City News lea... 
CEO of Chinese company treats 6,400 employees to French holiday: Billionaire boss treats 6,400 of h... 
Kitten rescued from drain pipe by firemen in Ohio: Watch the moment a kitten is rescued by firemen ... 
Pictures of the day: 12 May 2015: Adorable monkeys, a heart-shaped faced owl and Prince Harry 
#EPL English Premier League: Swansea refused to play, says frustrated Arsene Wenger: Swansea are now... 
The Reason Your Shoes Have Extra Holes At The Top Might Blow Your Mind: OK, this actually makes a lot of... 
21 Life Lessons From "She's All That": Jump up my ass, Zach.

There are few problems in l... 
#FPL How 'the Messi diet' made Aguero the Premier League's best striker: "It also happened in the season when ... 
Google shuts off Map Maker after urinating robot ruins it for everybody: Company announces prank h... 
Kenya: First ICC acquitted defendant returned to DR Congo: Mathieu Ngudjolo, the first defenda... 
NPC Parklands Rally to Hold Bankers in Left Foot League: In Division 2, Toyota Kenya scored a ... 
Ruto and Sang Seek Dismissal of Hague Case: DEPUTY President William Ruto and journalist Joshu... 
Barcelona need motivation for Bayern Munich, says Luis Enrique – video: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique... 
NFL players and fans react to Tom Brady's four-match ban – video: NFL player Eli Manning, the New York... 
Johnson-Thompson misses showdown with Ennis-Hill over knee problem: • Johnson-Thompson not ready to co... 
Nepal earthquake 7.3 magnitude strikes near Mount Everest - live news of impact: Earthquake hits on Tues... 
CEO of Chinese company treats 6,400 employees to French holiday: Billionaire boss treats 6,400 of his be... 
The art of the deal: "LES FEMMES D'ALGER [Women of Algiers] (Version 'O')", dating from 1955, the... 
Big in Japan: how Chelsea are winning the hearts of fans in a football-mad country: A new shirt spon... 
Barcelona need motivation for Bayern Munich, says Luis Enrique – video: Barcelona manager Luis Enriq... 
Powerful state - disciplined market: The upswing in Nigeria tech companies has taken some by surprise.... 
#EPL Eden Hazard named 2015 footballer of the year by the Football Writers' Association: Chelsea att... 
Noël Coward: 15 great quotes: Noël Coward, the playwright and wit and author of Blithe Spirit and Ha... 
The World's Cheapest Computer Is $9: The world's cheapest computer also happens to be slimmer than a... 
Ludum Dare 32 winners announced: The Rock, The Paper and The Scissors and BedHogg take the top slots. 
USMNT's Bobby Wood interview: 'I didn't insult my coach but I laughed when he was fired': The strike... 
Leyton Orient squad ordered in for training after season ends in relegation: • End-of-season break d... 
Americans On Tumblr Are Trying To Find Out What A "Cheeky Nando's" Is And Are Struggling: It’s just kind... 
Do You Remember The Lyrics To "How To Save A Life" By The Fray?: Sing along if you’re a Grey’s Anatomy f... 
#EPL Premier League promote local perks of lucrative tours: SINGAPORE, May 12 (Reuters) - With the E... 
Would your child go off with a stranger?: A YouTube prankster says he's warning parents with his vir... 
US university offers selfie course: Students at the University of Southern California are studying i... 
Noël Coward: 15 great quotes: Noël Coward, the playwright and wit and author of Blithe Spirit and Hay F... 
Crowd-funded The Wake is Bookseller Book of the Year: Paul Kingsnorth's novel set in 1066 is crowned 'B... 
Leyton Orient squad ordered in for training after season ends in relegation: • End-of-season break del... 
Sport picture of the day: those magnificent men with their flying machines: ‘The Jetman’ Yves Rossy an... 
Talking Horses: Tuesday’s best bets plus all the latest racing news: Karakontie will miss Saturday’s G... 
Ruto and Sang Seek Dismissal of Hague Case: DEPUTY President William Ruto and journalist Joshu... 
Arsenal's 1-0 defeat by Swansea City frustrating, says Arsène Wenger – video: Arsenal manager Arsène... 
The best goals of the week: Memphis Depay, Leo Messi and Jermaine Beckford: Featuring overhead kicks... 
Eden Hazard wins Footballer of the Year award from Football Writers’ Association: • Eden Hazard tops... 
Kenyan runners join Limavady Park Run: This presentation looks at the reasons for the differe... 
The history of modern technology (infographic): Ever since Adam and Eve got the new Nokia 3210, t... 
VIDEO: Making an impression on the new government: Will an all-Conservative government provide Rory Brem... 
VIDEO: People flee buildings as new quake hits: People in Nepal and northern India flee from buildings a... 
Three-Ingredient Pancakes You Need To Try: This egg-cellent recipe is bananas.

... 
Getting shirty: how classic strips and winning teams go hand in hand: Bill Shankly knew it, Brian Clou... 
Google's self-driving cars have had 11 accidents: Google reveals number of crashes its self-drivin... 
US election 2016: What you need to know: Everything you need to know about the candidates for the Republ... 
New Nepal earthquake - What we know so far: "Several deaths" and more devastation as 7.3 Richter Scale q... 
Baltimore's Youth Are Champions, Not Thugs: An Open Letter to President Obama: He taught me chess. He t... 
One Amazing Fact About Tofu: Once you know, you know.

 
Watch Sia On "Home And Away" Before She Was Famous: Bow down Summer Bay.

The year was 19... 
The battle of the e-Muftis: Why sermons aren't enough to counter online extremism 
Five big questions that will soon need answering: What are answers to these five big questions for UK? 
Oil and Gas: Kenya oil product imports likely to hit record: Kenya is set to import record volumes of ... 
Statues of the famous: the good, the bad and the ugly: When statues of famous people go very, very wrong 
Kanye West Just Got An Honorary Doctorate And Smiled A Lot: I guess, this is my dissertation. Homie, thi... 
Happy Times Unstoppable in the Kenya Oaks Classic: South African bred "Happy Times" as expected, proved... 
Getting shirty: how classic strips and winning teams go hand in hand: Bill Shankly knew it, Brian Cl... 
David Squires on … the fight to avoid the Europa League: In the latest from his series of cartoons, ... 
David Squires on … the fight to avoid the Europa League: In the latest from his series of cartoons, Da... 
George North insists his recovery from concussion is ‘looking positive’: • Wales wing a World Cup doub... 
Warrington turn down Leigh bid for Micky Higham: • Veteran hooker still ‘a key part’ of Warrington tea... 
The New US Office Politics: Funding Your Boss's Political Causes: Employers are increasingly approac... 
Longest dual-free direct mate problem: 5/12/2015 – Some days ago we gave you a five-piece endgame puzzl... 
Seventeen endangered monkeys stolen from French zoo: Thieves broke into the zoo in Beauval on Satur... 
VIDEO: National identity via art in Venice: The Venice Bienalle, a festival of art from around the world... 
VIDEO: El Nino - What is it?: Australia's Bureau of Meteorology has warned the El Nino weather phenomeno... 
Stop, look, listen... and hop! Mobile game Crossy Road is a hit in the UK: Frogger-inspired title ... 
Chatterbox: Tuesday: The place to talk about games and other things that matterHello, it’s Tuesday... 
There Is Now An Australian University Guide For LGBTI Students: How LGBTI-friendly is your university?

... 
OLX: Value of unused household items in Kenya dips to Sh115 billion: The value of items gathering dust ... 
Honduran footballer attacks fan with flying kick following pitch invasion: • Kick took place followi... 
New Nepal earthquake: lights in TV studio shake as latest tremors are felt in Delhi: Indian television f... 
Honduran footballer attacks fan with flying kick following pitch invasion: • Kick took place following... 
Fifa to introduce racism monitors as part of build-up to 2018 World Cup: • Observers will attend match... 
Football transfer rumours: Arsenal to sign Fernando Llorente from Juventus?: Today’s fluff didn’t part... 
Pictures of the day: 12 May 2015: Adorable monkeys, a heart-shaped faced owl and Prince Harry 
Fifa to introduce racism monitors as part of build-up to 2018 World Cup: • Observers will attend mat... 
Football transfer rumours: Arsenal to sign Fernando Llorente from Juventus?: Today’s fluff didn’t pa... 
Can We Guess Your Favorite Song?: What song can never be wrong?

  
Ranking The Avengers As Potential Prom Dates: PROM SQUAD, ASSEMBLE.

War Machine: 1 out o... 
Statue Memes is the greatest Facebook page ever: Meme pages might be getting close to played out, but it... 
Want to See 'The Avengers: Age of Ultron' But Haven't Seen Any Other Marvel Movies? Then This ...... 
#EPL Iheanacho Leads Man City to Premier League Cup Glory: Nigerian Under-20 National football team ... 
#EPL English Premier League: Wenger irked by Swansea 'accident': LONDON: Arsenal manager Arsene Weng... 
£800m shortfall on social housing in London since 2011 revealed: Proportion of homes started each... 
Lemon chess pie satisfies your sweet tooth, even for folks who are not crazy about lemon: David's ...: ... 
VIDEO: Security tight for Iraq Shia pilgrimage: Security has been tightened in Baghdad to protect the ma... 
VIDEO: Could the water vole become extinct?: The water vole once populated our riverbanks and waterways ... 
Can We Guess Your Age Based On Your Favorite "Game Of Thrones" Characters?: Jon Snow knows nothing, we d... 
Seventeen endangered monkeys stolen from French zoo: Thieves broke into the zoo in Beauval on Saturday n... 
Rand Paul aide licks opposition camera lens: David Chesley, who is directing Republican Rand Paul's Pres... 
Kevin Pietersen's England career to be confirmed as over – live!: Andrew Strauss to confirm Kevin Piet... 
A-League final will be no swansong, says Victory striker Archie Thompson: Former Socceroos striker has... 
The Emerald Triangle: In the new book "Grassland," a New York-based photographer documents a year in... 
#EPL Marc Janko says Sydney FC winning A-League grand final will not influence decision on future: S... 
#EPL Argentina names provisional Copa America squad; strong Premier League contingent included: Engl... 
In pictures: Dennis Dinneen Archive: An exhibition of pictures by Irish photographer Dennis Dinneen. 
ICC: A silent killer in Kenya: According to the ICC prosecution, Yebei was also entangled in a... 
How a virtual world went to the edge of apocalypse and back again: The video game Eve Online is on... 
VIDEO: 'Australian started Bradford City fire': A former detective, who was part of the team investigati... 
Missing Cat Discovered After Seven Weeks In A Shipping Container: Alive and purring!

A c... 
We Need To Decide How To Spell The Abbreviation Of "Casual": This is the most important poll of our time... 
The most expensive artworks in pictures: Records for the most expensive art are being broken all the tim... 
Gasps and cheers as Picasso sells for $179 million world record: Spectators and bidders stunned as price... 
Australia will be delighted by reports of Kevin Pietersen's England axing: Australia can actually take... 
Tony Hancock: 20 great quotes: Comedian Tony Hancock was born on May 12 1924. Martin Chilton picks s... 
The most expensive artworks in pictures: Records for the most expensive art are being broken all the... 
Kenya oil product imports likely to hit record, offset tepid Asia demand: But East Africa lacks refinin... 
A-League final will be no swansong, says Victory striker Archie Thompson: Former Socceroos striker h... 
26 Places To Eat Damn Good Chicken In Sydney: Sorry KFC. These places just stole the game.

... 
Men Respond To Real Women's Relationship Questions: I cannot dedicate any of my life to going to stables... 
Lawrence Of Arabia And The Crash Helmet: When TE Lawrence — immortalized as Lawrence of Arabia — die... 
David Gandy unveils new swimwear range for M&amp;S: After the success of his eponymous underwear range, ... 
Sports Briefing | Tennis: Rafael Nadal Drops in ATP Rankings: After failing to successfully defend his... 
Sports Briefing | Cycling: Australian Leads Giro d’Italia: Michael Matthews sprinted to victory in the... 
Sports Briefing | Soccer: Swansea Tops Arsenal: Bafétimbi Gomis gave Swansea an unexpected 1-0 victory... 
22 "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" GIFs That Will Make You Miss Your College Days: C-O-O-L

When all... 
This Mom Lip-Synched Her Daughter's Tantrum And It's Actually Really Impressive: She’s got her kid’s ryh... 
How To Score A Private Jet At Airline Prices [Infographic]: The below infographic was produced by... 
Infographic: Physicians becoming more proficient with EHRs: Physicians are not only becoming more... 
#EPL Barclays Asia Trophy 2015 tickets to go on sale from Wednesday: Everton midfielder Ross Barkley... 
#EPL Barclays Asia Trophy 2015 tickets on sale from May 13: Former Premier League Legends Ian Wright... 
#EPL West Ham boss Sam Allardyce hits out at lack of quality youngsters in Premier League: “When you... 
#EPL EPL: Arsenal sunk by Fabianski and Gomis: London: Bafetimbi Gomis scored a late, technology-ass... 
This Is What Happens When You Work Out 90 Straight Days With P90X: Four normal people worked out for 90 ... 
12 Gifts For The "Breakfast At Tiffany's" Fan In Your Life: “Darling, please stop. You’re making me blus... 
Joe Hockey memes go wild on budget day: Social media users have flooded the internet with memes mocking ... 
People React To Extraction Videos: “I can’t look away!” “I can!”

 BuzzFe... 
10 Things You Should Know About The Stars Of "Girl Meets World": Ben Savage and Rowan Blanchard spoke wi... 
The Ecotourism Industry Is Saving Tanzania’s Animals and Threatening Its Indigenous People: 
Photos... 
Meet the Coca-Cola-Obsessed Woman Who Made Her House into a Soda Shrine: Meet the Coca-Cola-Obsessed... 
Gold Mining, Hope, and My Long, Fruitless Pursuit of Fame: 
[body_image width='1200' height='800' p... 
Could Ancient Laws Help Us Sue The Internet?: If a bunch of unrelated algorithms, interacting in unf... 
Al-Qaeda could bring down a London to New York flight at any time, former CIA chief warns: Michael Morre... 
GTA 5 mod drowns Los Santos: GTA 5 meets BioShock meets post-apocalyptic sci-fi. 
14 Summery Salads That Prove Eating Healthy Can Be Delicious: Who said eating healthy had to be boring?
... 
If The Citizens Of Pawnee Had Motivational Posters: “What’s so bad about corn syrup?”

... 
Ten Women's World Cup debutants in Matildas squad, veteran Hudson back in: Australia name 23-player sq... 
Jean-Marie Le Pen plans new political grouping: Veteran French Right-wing leader makes move after being ... 
24 Reasons Why Jaime Lannister Is The Sexiest Man On "Game Of Thrones": Who knows what that metal hand c... 
"American Idol" Peaked When Adam Lambert Sang “Mad World”: Remembering one of the show’s very best perfo... 
Q&amp;A: Finding a New Broadband Connection: When the cable company just won’t do, here are tips for f... 
The Real Story Of Benghazi: Normally I would not be able to confirm the existence of a CIA base over... 
VIDEO: Record Picasso auction highlights: Picasso's Women of Algiers has become the most expensive paint... 
18 Things You Need To Discover In Los Angeles: There’s more than meets the eye in the City of Angels.

... 
Here Are The Pixar Easter Eggs You May Have Missed: Did you catch Lightning McQueen in Toy Story 3?

... 
Expert Guitar Technician Dismantles And Authenticates A Historic Telecaster: Mike Bloomfield might n... 
Kind Robot Stitches Poor Peeled Grape Back Together: The same technology that can be used to suture ... 
GE 3D Printed A Working Mini Jet Engine: Next step: 3D print the rest of the plane and miniature pas... 
iPhone Falls 400 Feet, Briefly Becomes Airplane: And suspiciously lands safely on the pavement with ... 
Ten Women's World Cup debutants in Matildas squad, veteran Hudson back in: Australia name 23-player ... 
Lubbock Co. Kids Growing Poor Likely to Earn Less as Adults Compared to Other Counties: LUBBOCK, ... 
How Many Of These Adam Sandler Movies Have You Seen?: T-T-T-TODAY, JUNIOR!

  
23 Shirts That Will Come Out For You: Because you can’t always trust gaydar.

... 
Deflategate memes blow up with Tom Brady suspension: The suspended Patriots quarterback will have to sit... 
Taylor Swift Favorite Meme: It's not surprising that Taylor would love a cat meme, considering how much ... 
#FPL Manchester United top of Premier League table for bringing in youngsters: While Manchester United give yo... 
A-League tactics: Victory expose City vulnerabilities in Melbourne derby: Two mismatched A-League semi... 
Google acknowledges its self-driving cars had 11 minor accidents:  Company says all 11 accidents o... 
US Cited For Police Violence, Racism In Scathing UN Review On Human Rights: The United States was sl... 
Countdown: The Best R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Album Covers From The Early 2000s: Sourced from Billboard’s Top 100 R&amp;B ... 
29 Women Who Are Absolutely Slaying In A Maxi Dress: YOU look amazing, and YOU look amazing, and YOU loo... 
Pan African Forum applies for Amicus Curiae status at the ICC: We request leave to be granted ... 
A-League tactics: Victory expose City vulnerabilities in Melbourne derby: Two mismatched A-League se... 
Which Guy From "Maze Runner" Should You Date?: Love is in the air. &lt;3

  
27 Truths Ross And Rachel Taught You About Love: When you’ve found your lobster, you’ll know it.

... 
These Trippy Works Of Art Are Made From Actual Human DNA: Autism Speaks, an autism advocacy organization... 
Kenya Moore's True Friendship Status With NeNe Leakes and Phaedra Parks Revealed: "It Was ...: Kenya Mo... 
Ghana, Kenya take steps to deepen intra-African trade: Top officials of Ghana and Kenya gathered here o... 
Game theory's cure for corruption: Seen through game theory, cancer and police corruption are pretty... 
Picasso painting smashes auction record: Les femmes d'Alger (Version O) sells to private buyer in eleven... 
24 Times Elaine Benes Spoke Straight To Your Soul: She’s real and spectacular.

When she ... 
Netflix Has Revealed Which ISP Has The Slowest Service: Also: Australia’s internet just isn’t very fast.... 
Infographic: Why Rich Boys Are Buying Fewer Toys: While it's certainly nice to be rich, these are... 
Who Funds The Future?: Marc Andreessen believes that Silicon Valley is mission control for mankind a... 
The Con Man And His Mentor: With his Ponzi scheme unraveling, David Smith turned for help to the hea... 
#EPL Culture Secretary John Whittingdale to consider sweeping reforms of English football: Proposed ... 
VIDEO: Why were the election polls so wrong?: Newsnight looks at why published polls ahead of the genera... 
World Briefing: Egypt: Journalist Sues Al Jazeera: The journalist Mohamed Fahmy, who faces a retrial i... 
NRL: five things we learned from round nine: The Roosters are looking ominous, Penrith are still a dec... 
A-League Player of the Year won by Wellington Phoenix's Nathan Burns: Socceroos striker wins Johnny Wa... 
Concentration mounts for Nelson chess competition: 11052015 news photo: Martin de Ruyter/Fairfax NZ Uma... 
Remastered Grandia II is coming to Steam: The remastered release will be based on the original Sega Dr... 
S Korea sees elderly crime surge: South Korea sees a surge in crimes committed by elderly people ove... 
27 Insanely Adorable Knitted Creatures That Would Make Perfect Gifts: Or just hoard these Mochimochi Lan... 
This Guy Surprised His Parents With A Dream Trip To Hawaii For Their 50th Anniversary: He’s making us al... 
Glazers at Manchester United - arrival of American brothers has eroded family values in football: The ... 
Vox Sentences: Is the administration's Osama bin Laden story a lie?: 1. Zero Dark Hershy

    ... 
Chinese Sailors Come a Long Way in the Volvo Ocean Race: With a combination of French racers and inexp... 
#EPL Glazers at Manchester United - arrival of American brothers has eroded family values in footbal... 
17 Fifth Harmony Dance Moves That Perfectly Sum Up High School: “I can’t go to school, Mom. Like if you ... 
Proof That "Sex And The City" And "The Golden Girls" Are The Same Show: Our favorite New Yorkers retired... 
17 "Harry Potter" Headcanons That Will Change How You Read The Books: These fan theories will give you t... 
Which Crime Show Should You Guest-Star On?: DUN DUN!

  
VIDEO: Rebuilding a village that lost everything: Some in Nepal are starting to rebuilding their lives, ... 
NFL Suspends Tom Brady For Four Games: The NFL has suspended Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady without pay fo... 
Music's Crisis, And How To Fix It: The music industry has a problem with ownership and pricing trans... 
A Review From 1769 Of A Young Mozart: With his child prodigy status came questions from a skeptical ... 
EU Hearthstone players get free packs to compensate for connection issues: The best way to say sorry i... 
CS:GO meets Dredd in de_peachtrees: How does a massive dystopian apartment complex hold up when you pu... 
Picasso tipped to smash auction record: live: Will Picasso's Women of Algiers (Version O) sell for more ... 
Watch live: Picasso work to be sold in potentially record-breaking Christies auction: A Picasso masterpi... 
Rockford Chess Challenge announces winners: Rockford — The Rockford Chess Challenge, which took place M... 
Girl, 11, is youngest US chess master: No surprise, then, that it takes most people years to get any go... 
A-League Player of the Year won by Wellington Phoenix's Nathan Burns: Socceroos striker wins Johnny ... 
21 Signs Your HGTV Obsession Is Out Of Control: Can you quiet down? House Hunters is on.

... 
Can We Guess Your Goal In Life?: #LifeGoals.

  
Blogger Accuses Seymour Hersh Of ‘Plagiarism’ For Bin Laden Raid Story: In the day following the pub... 
South Sydney snap NRL losing streak with victory over St George: South Sydney Rabbitohs 16-10 St Georg... 
The Gallery: Steve Evans: This week’s winner is Steve Cahill, who gets a copy of Ben Smith’s Journeyma... 
#EPL Primer on Bournemouth and Watford, teams promoted to Premier League: It's always wonderful to s... 
#EPL A realistic Liverpool signing from EVERY Premier League club, with Chelsea fullback &amp; English .... 
Which TV Mom And Child Relationship Are You And Your Mom?: Moms rule!

  
1,272 Rare Pepes: Collect them now before the market crashes!

 hastily-packe... 
Are There Profits In YouTube Stars?: YouTube is fastidious about commenting seldom and anonymously —... 
Selections From Dennis Hopper's Trove Of Drugstore Camera Photos: Intimate snapshots from Hollywood'... 
The Gallery: Steve Evans: This week’s winner is Steve Cahill, who gets a copy of Ben Smith’s Journey... 
Tracey Neville’s England sweep aside Trinidad &amp; Tobago: • England seal 3-0 series win in Liverpool• Co... 
Katarina Johnson-Thompson versus Jessica Ennis-Hill showdown in balance: • Johnson-Thompson may miss h... 
How Well Do You Remember Tyra's Infamous "Top Model" Rant?: America’s Next Top Model was never the same ... 
As An Actress, I Saw Real-Life Drama in Kenya: If I had to sum up my experience with the beautiful peop... 
Star Citizen's FPS module is called "Star Marine": Cloud Imperium has released a serious info-dump abo... 
Star Wars Battlefront — Everything you need to know: All the latest on DICE's reboot of the Battlefron... 
How much taller buildings have gotten, charted: This chart of the world's tallest buildings through ... 
#EPL Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard to be given guard of honour in his final game at Anfield: Stev... 
#EPL West Ham manager Sam Allardyce to quit Upton Park: Sam Allardyce ready to reject any offer to s... 
#EPL Arsenal 0 Swansea City 1, match report: Bafetimbi Gomis seals league double over Gunners after ... 
40 Ways Growing Up On The Isle Of Man Changes You Forever: For anyone who knows that chips, cheese, and ... 
This Is What Frida Kahlo's Colorful Wardrobe Looks Like Today: Over 60 years after her death, this photo... 
Arsenal 0 Swansea City 1, match report: Bafetimbi Gomis seals league double over Gunners after Fabiani... 
R&amp;A to agree $25m deal with American broadcasters for rights to the Open: • R&amp;A set to end contract wi... 
China’s Massive Smartphone Market Is Slowing Down: In 2011, China surpassed the US to become the world’s large... 
#EPL English Premier League: Liverpool almost certain to miss out on fourth after Chelsea draw: Gerr... 
Mechanics' Institute Library and Chess Room: Mechanics' Institute Library and Chess Room posted this ph... 
Which Member Of Fifth Harmony Are You?: Based on real answers straight from the group.

... 
23 Third Wheel Confessions That'll Make You Feel Less Alone: The single life can be roooough. Confession... 
Rob Ford’s Party Pal Acquitted of All Drug Charges: [body_image width='618' height='450' path='image... 
George Zimmerman Was Involved in Another Shooting Monday: [body_image width='640' height='672' path=... 
VICE Vs Video Games: What I’ve Learned from Being a Live-Action Video Game: [body_image width='700' ... 
Three Cooperative Ladies Share A Classical Guitar: "We don't have money to start a band" is no longe... 
Self-driving cars have four crashes: Autonomous cars being tested on the roads of California have ... 
Deflategate: Tom Brady gets four-game ban, Patriots lose first-round pick: NFL investigation says Patr... 
Manchester United’s Louis van Gaal considers selling Robin van Persie: • Striker’s contract is up at t... 
Andrew Strauss tells Kevin Pietersen his England career is over - report: • Batsman informed he will n... 
Happy 40th birthday Jonah Lomu – the superhuman still in a league of his own: As rugby union’s first s... 
Swansea end Arsenal’s run with late goal by Bafétimbi Gomis: What a way for Arsenal to blow their long... 
Journey To The Center Of The United States: It’s a question that seems so simple as to be stupid, an... 
Worker Fired For Disabling GPS App That Tracked Her 24 Hours A Day: "This intrusion would be highly ... 
What 'MySpace Tom' Thinks Of HBO’s 'Silicon Valley': “Have I ever met anyone as ridiculous and disgu... 
Game Theory’s Cure For Corruption? Make Us All Cops: Seen through game theory, cancer and police cor... 
Amazon’s Drones Revealed In Patent: Amazon has been granted a patent for its previously announced, p... 
Church leaders: Terrorism dividing Kenyans: Mombasa Archbishop Martin Kivuva said insecurity has not on... 
#EPL Arsenal vs Swansea City: Five things we learned: Five things we learned: Arsène Wenger, who cle... 
#EPL Swansea beats Arsenal 1-0 thanks to goal-line technology: Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey, right, misses... 
#EPL Swansea Net Late Winner At Arsenal: Arsenal suffered a 1-0 defeat against a determined Swansea ... 
Sergio Agüero reveals his secret: less pasta, more goals: • Manchester City’s Agüero saw a dietitian... 
Manchester United’s Louis van Gaal considers selling Robin van Persie: • Striker’s contract is up at... 
Can We Guess Your Age By Your Choice Of Colors?: This will definitely be accurate. OK, “definitely” is m... 
27 Orgasms All Twentysomethings Have: The best times have yet to come.

Having your crush... 
Books of The Times: Review: ‘War of the Encyclopaedists,’ by Christopher Robinson and Gavin Kovite: Mr.... 
UHURU's ICC man impregnates a Kenyan LADY and threatens her with death: Monday May 11, 2015 – ... 
ICC Intercontinental Cup | Records | All matches | Most catches in a series: (Kenya) - ICC Int... 
International Criminal Court: The Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) Fatou B... 
Norway's new six-year-old chess prodigy: A six-year-old Norwegian girl has defeated a chess grandmaster... 
#MatchReport Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City | Premier League match report: What a way for Arsenal to blow ... 
Penny Dreadful GIF and a Graf: Eva Green Is the Devil’s Plaything: Last night on Penny Dreadful Victor Franken... 
Does Ben Carson want to 'eliminate dependency on government' despite benefiting from welfare?: The Faceb... 
10 years ago today, the Leeroy Jenkins meme was born: 10 years ago on May 11, 2005, the "Leeroy Jenkins"... 
Self-driving cars have four crashes: Autonomous cars being tested on the roads of California have been i... 
Students asked to sit final university exam in nude with naked professor: Mother outraged after learning... 
Bafétimbi Gomis ends Arsenal’s streak after Swansea’s Lukasz Fabianski shines: Continue reading... 
Swindon secure play-off final slot after crazy night of seesaw action: • Robins into Wembley final a... 
What It's Like To Not Care About "Friends," As Told By "Friends": I’ll be there for you unless you keep ... 
Parents abandon traditional baby names 'to feel like individuals': Parents have caused the death of... 
British warship to be raised by Argentine treasure hunter after 252 years: The Lord Clive was sunk ... 
Facebook’s New In-App Search Could Be a Google Nightmare: Google will never relinquish its grip over search, b... 
Manchester United’s Ángel Di María joins campaign to fight rare illness: • Midfielder posts picture ... 
An Entirely Subjective Ranking Of Typed Laughter From Around The World: “Jajajaja,” “hahahahah,” or “hhh... 
Riley Matthews Is Bringing The Feeny Call To "Girl Meets World": Rowan Blanchard demonstrated Eric Matth... 
How the Internet Forever Changed Starting Your Own Country: How the Internet Forever Changed Startin... 
Former CIA Officer Jeffrey Sterling Sentenced To Jail For Leaking To Journalist: Former CIA officer ... 
Why Is There A Hole In Airplane Windows?: Here’s a question you’ve probably asked at some point in y... 
Advil Vs Tylenol. Which To Use, And When: When a headache, back pain or other complaint strikes, man... 
Aaron Hernandez Indicted For Shooting A Guy In The Face: Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez is servin... 
Meet The People Out To Stop Humanity From Destroying Itself: Based at several academic institutions ... 
Blasts shake Yemen as coalition hits arms depot: Powerful explosions shook Yemen's capital Sanaa on Mond... 
British warship to be raised by Argentine treasure hunter after 252 years: The Lord Clive was sunk by th... 
Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab despite Miller’s late fightback: • Sunrisers beat Kings XI by... 
Confident England are targeting World Cup glory in Canada: • Manager Mark Sampson upbeat after announc... 
Elon Musk once scolded an employee for skipping a work event to watch the birth of his child: Elon M... 
[Infographic] Inside NGINX: Check out this infographic to learn more about NGINX, including: How ... 
[INFOGRAPHIC] Hiring a B2B salesperson: [INFOGRAPHIC] Hiring a B2B salesperson. As the CEO of a c... 
Can Miranda July's Somebody app really make us talk to strangers?: July’s app enlists ordinary peo... 
What GIF Masters Can Do With Three Seconds and 4 Colors: These animated collaborations make for hyperactive qu... 
Hannibal Free Public Library sponsoring chess tournament May 16: Hannibal Free Public Library is sponso... 
Take Your Bets On The Winner Of This Surprisingly Tense Marble Race: It's blue ahead by a mile! Now ... 
Black Man Found Hanging From Tree In Greene County, Georgia: The Georgia Bureau of Investigation say... 
Al-Jazeera reporter sues channel over Egypt detention: Canadian-Egyptian journalist Mohammed Fahmy says ... 
Every date this week is a palindrome: (Anand Katakam/Vox)
Lovers of words or phrases that read the s... 
Confident England are targeting World Cup glory in Canada: • Coach Mark Sampson upbeat after announc... 
Want a New Apple Watch Band? People Are Trading Them Online: Indecision around which Apple Watch Sport band to... 
The Philippines Just Made Uber Legal Everywhere: The Philippines has just become the first country to develop ... 
Farmers Fight Real Estate Developers for Kenya's Most Prized Asset: Land: David Njeru, a farmer from ce... 
Which "Pride And Prejudice" Character Are You?: “An unhappy alternative is before you. Your mother will ... 
18 Delicious Reasons To Follow The BuzzFeed Food Instagram: All the gooey goods in one place.

... 
#EPL EPL fans would rather see stars than parity, just like everyone else: Television Audience Deman... 
#EPL Arsenal vs Swansea City Live Result Commentary and Barclays Premier League Scores 2015 (0-0): 2... 
Number of Police Officers Killed While on Duty Nearly Doubles in 2014: Number of Police Officers Kil... 
The Politics of Food: Bluefin Tuna: The Politics of Food: Bluefin Tuna 
Post Mortem: Atheism Terrifies People Because It Makes Us Think About Death: 
[body_image width='10... 
Kevin Pietersen relishes ‘big day’ before meeting England’s Andrew Strauss: • ‘I do believe I’m good e... 
VIDEO: Syriza's Greek debt challenge: Greece's cash-strapped government has begun the transfer of €750m ... 
Castlevania producer Koji Igarashi reveals Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night: The new Igavania game hi... 
Weird Old Bar Games You've Probably Never Heard Of: Since the invention of the modern day party and ... 
Metallica's 'Battery' Played On A Banjo: Rob Scallon decided to celebrate May-tallica, a holiday for... 
Veep GIF and a Graf: Amy’s Epic Mic-Dropping Meltdown: Amy Brookheimer doesn't always get the most attention o... 
Lotteries: America's $70B Shame: Lotteries set aside about 40 percent of their ticket sales as state... 
Sake Used To Be Made With The Saliva Of Virgins: A group virgin drinking ritual sounds odd, but sure... 
Multiple Colors Can Trick The Mind: I heard that people can’t look at a color in one room and then p... 
Why Is Oil And Gas Activity Causing Earthquakes?: And can we reduce the risk? 
This 18-Year-Old's Tongue Is So Long She Can Lick Her Eyeball: This is Adrianne Lewis, an 18-year-old fr... 
23 Hilariously Weird Thoughts You Had As A Kid: “When I was a kid, I baptized my cats so they would go t... 
Amazing infographic is your guide to all things "Avengers: Age of Ultron": The infographic also s... 
10th Anniversary of Leeroy Jenkins Meme: It's the 10th anniversary of Internet meme Leeroy Jenkins, a vi... 
Senators On Jihad 2.0: We'll Take Down ISIS With 'Fancy Memes': Al-Qaida has been replaced by ISIS at th... 
NBC’s 2015 fall schedule strongly suggests it has no idea what it’s doing: In the biggest moment of ... 
George Zimmerman shot at, injured in Florida: George Zimmerman, who was acquitted for the 2012 shoot... 
How YouTube and Facebook ruined this principal’s chances of denying her racism: There are plenty of ... 
Oldham call police over ‘death threats’ made to manager Darren Kelly: • Manager had to refute claims h... 
Oldham call police over ‘death threats’ made to manager Darren Kelly: • Manager had to refute claims... 
The Inside Story Of How Hitchhiking Died: The hitchhiker has been transformed from a youth finding a... 
George Zimmerman Shot In Face In Road Rage Incident: Authorities said Zimmerman was shot in the face... 
Two (Stunning) Days In Dubai And Abu Dhabi: The construction boom in the United Arab Emirates has pr... 
Why Cable News Is Going Down The Tubes: The recent rise of cable news, particularly Fox and MSNBC, c... 
Parents reduced to tears after son surprises them with luxury holiday for their 50th wedding annive... 
Porsche Calls for an End to the Horsepower War: In the auto industry, better too often means faster and heavie... 
This Video Of Taylor Swift Being An Adorable Godmother Is Too Damn Cute: #GodmotherGoals

... 
Rand Paul Staffer Licks A Democratic Tracker's Camera: (“Trackers” follow around political candidates an... 
A New Generation Black Panther Talks About Baltimore and Black America: 
General T.A.C.O. a.k.a. W... 
Outraged People Just Got 'Sexy Buses' Banned from Cardiff, Wales: 
[body_image width='960' height='... 
The Scientific and Personal Benefits of Not Masturbating: 
[body_image width='1200' height='1100' p... 
Arsenal v Swansea: Premier League – live!: Live updates as Arsenal welcome Swansea to the EmiratesClic... 
Love Manchester United, hate the Glazers? Maybe not so much anymore: A decade after the family took ov... 
VIDEO: Aerial footage shows US tornado damage: A severe storm has rolled through the southern US, killin... 
VIDEO: Goldfish under knife for third time: A goldfish has gone under the knife for a third time for a 4... 
George Zimmerman 'shot in the face' in Florida: Man acquitted of murdering the black teenager Trayvon Ma... 
Boston Marathon bomber told nun he was 'genuinely sorry' for terror attack: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev confessed ... 
Half of Britons want dangerous drone fliers to be jailed: The British Airline Pilots' Association ... 
A Helpful Guide To Training For Your First Adventure Race: Lucky for you the knowledgeable folks ... 
INFOGRAPHIC: Facebook Leads Digital Discovery of Entertainment: Many millennials now discover ent... 
Trunk call to Kenya's wilderness: We are in central Kenya at Enasoit Game Sanctuary, a wildlife reserve... 
NeNe Leakes Inspired Kenya Moore: 'None Of Us Are Perfect': It was interesting that Leakes had never re... 
The professor who thinks video games will be the downfall of men: Philip Zimbardo is worried that ... 
Too many happy returns: Facebook bug spams users with birthday reminders: Were you bombarded with ... 
#EPL United thriving under Glazers _ unlike other US-owned teams: 11, 2015 file photo, Manchester Un... 
King's Quest voice cast features Christopher Lloyd and Zelda Williams: The latest dev diary video reve... 
C.H.I.P. is a super-small, $9 Kickstarter computer: This tiny computer has already raked in more than ... 
Lea Michele Honored Cory Monteith On His Birthday With This Tearjerker Of A Tweet: “I know you’re serena... 
Tyra Banks And Her Weird Vines Are Back: And thank goodness.

Back in 2013, Tyra Banks st... 
Arsenal v Swansea: Premier League – live!: Live updates as Arsenal welcome Swansea to the EmiratesCl... 
Love Manchester United, hate the Glazers? Maybe not so much anymore: A decade after the family took ... 
Inspection visit EUC Chess 2015 in Yerevan: The organisers of the 1st European Universities Chess Champ... 
#MatchReport Arsenal v Swansea: Premier League – live! | Jacob Steinberg: Live updates as Arsenal we... 
'Migrant crisis is a security crisis' says EU foreign policy chief: Federica Mogherini address United Na... 
White House dismisses new Osama bin Laden raid claims: Explosive new claims by Seymour Hersh that Pakist... 
Precursors To Pinball, And Other Arcade Games: Since the invention of the modern day party and the m... 
A Week Of Meals With The Woman Who Can Lift Twice Her Body Weight: Munchies follows weightlifting ch... 
Metallica's 'Battery' Played On A Banjo: Rob Scallon decided to celebrate May-tallica, a holiday for... 
The 21 greatest TV adaptations: We count down the 21 best TV versions of novels - ever 
This is what it's like when ISIS takes over your city: In early April, Iraqi forces retook the city ... 
Texas police searched people's butts during traffic stops. Legislators want them to stop.: Texas leg... 
Is Putin's elite security service feuding with his own puppet regime in Chechnya?: If you spend time... 
Lewis Hamilton to sign three-year deal worth £130m with Mercedes: • Hamilton says he will have news on... 
Pep Guardiola in no man’s land with Barcelona ready to pull trigger: • Bayern Munich set to face Bar... 
QPR summer exodus is essential but what will be left for next season?: The Loftus Road club are faci... 
New Infographic from GRACE Team Care Reveals Challenges and Solutions in Serving ...: INDIANAPOLI... 
Infographic: How Does a Miracle Morning Help You Conquer Your Day: What if I told you that your s... 
This infographic is a perfect snapshot of when all of Marvel's many Avengers superheroes fought .... 
How Did Vinyl Make Its Comeback?: The infographic admits the reason for this comeback isn't “cost... 
Safaricom enters Kenya's digital TV space: As the world prepares for the June 2015 digital migration, K... 
Castlevania’s Producer Emerges From the Wreckage of Konami: Today, Igarashi is launching a Kickstarter campaig... 
Pep Guardiola Denies He Will Leave Bayern for Manchester City: “I’ll be here next season,” Guardiola s... 
#EPL Top Premier League Players Out of Contract This Summer: With only two matches left in the 2015-... 
Astronaut captures massive lightning storm from ISS: Nasa astronaut Terry Virts uploaded this amazi... 
£13m Kensington house earns owners £130 an hour: House in Ilchester Place, west London was bought f... 
Pilots perform insanely close flyby stunt: Watch as two pilots from aerial acrobatic team Escuadril... 
TV Baftas 2015 red carpet style hits and misses: See the stars that wowed and those who should have ... 
The 21 greatest TV adaptations: We count down the 21 best TV versions of novels - ever 
Why Billionaires Don't Pay Property Taxes in New York: It’s the extreme end game of a tax code that ... 
Studies Agree: Coffee Is Good For You: Coffee has long had a reputation as being unhealthy. But in a... 
Why Are The Stories In Video Games So Bad?: The act of writing for games and the skillset required i... 
The Strangest Flying Robots From The World’s Biggest Drone Show: In the past year, drones have crash... 
Cindy Crawford's Daughter Is Literally A Miniature Version Of Her: Those are some good genes.

... 
73 Thoughts I Had While Watching Episode 5, Season 5 Of "Game Of Thrones": Watching Game Of Thrones is l... 
I Got Anxiety at the Most Relaxing Place in the World: 
As soon as I saw the white wisps of smoke p... 
How to Avoid a Drug-Fueled Orgy When Renting Out Your House: 
[body_image width='1024' height='683'... 
A Bonus Look at the Lives of Small-Time Penis Enlargers: 
A month ago, VICE Germany brought you a l... 
Surrey’s Kevin Pietersen records highest first-class score to boost England hopes: • Leicestershire 29... 
QPR summer exodus is essential but what will be left for next season?: The Loftus Road club are facing... 
Windows 10 will be final version of Windows: Windows 10 will be the last major Windows release, th... 
Turkish Cargo Ship Attacked Off Libyan Coast: The attack on a cargo ship near Tobruk, which killed an ... 
No Steering Wheel? No Problem: Never let a little something like your rally car falling apart stop y... 
Unboxing A $20000 Bottle Of Cognac Is Insane: Last year 
Snake Snatches Little Kid's Fish, Slithers Off While Kid Gives Chase: Because when you're dealing wi... 
Where in the world would a rude drawing count as a vote?: Reddit users are comparing notes after a r... 
New York’s emergency crackdown on abuses at nail salons, explained: Late last week, the New York Tim... 
Thom Yorke’s Picture Is On The Cover Of A Sex And Relationships Book In Iran: A photo of the book cover,... 
49 Reasons To Head To Loch Lomond And The Trossachs Immediately: Deep waters, wild glens, and crisp, fre... 
Manchester City offer Yaya Touré as part of deal for Juventus’s Paul Pogba: • Touré, Nasri, Jovetic,... 
Booking swimming lessons for the mass jump off the sinking Loftus Road ship: Click here to have the ... 
Interpol joins Kenya in ivory probe: MOMBASA, Kenya, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The Kenya government on Monday ... 
Pilots perform insanely close flyby stunt: Watch as two pilots from aerial acrobatic team Escuadrilla Ar... 
#EPL Arsenal v Swansea City: Premier League Fixture on May 11: In fact, Wenger's side has just one d... 
#EPL Arsenal vs Swansea City Live Streaming &amp; TV Information: Watch English Premier League Live: Alt... 
#EPL Revealed: Man City's Sergio Aguero IS the Premier League's deadliest-ever striker: ... scoring ... 
#EPL Louis van Gaal's Manchester United must be more troublesome travellers – EPL talking points: Ba... 
Mark Ravenhill on Kafka's The Trial: 'If you didn't have Kafka, would you have David Lynch?': Mark Rave... 
The cloudiest places on Earth, in one beautiful map: Average cloud cover across Earth, from 2002 to ... 
Rick Perry: Killing the Export-Import Bank will help Republicans cut taxes on corporations: In June ... 
Wales regions want selection policy enforced by Warren Gatland: • Coach Gatland trying to work around ... 
Manchester City offer Yaya Touré as part of deal for Juventus’s Paul Pogba: • Touré, Nasri, Jovetic, K... 
FPSC Eight Ball League finishes: If you enjoy playing chess, get ready for the Tennessee Senior Open Ch... 
Toddler accurately explains how the human heart works: This child is probably more knowledgable than you 
Cuba Has A Lung Cancer Vaccine — And America Wants It: Cuba has for several years had a promising th... 
The Worst Of '80s Movie Racism: Remember "Soul Man," about the white kid who became ‘a brother’ to g... 
The Galaxy-Sized Video Game: The universe is being built in an old two-story building, in the town o... 
The Last Seal Meat Truck In St. John’s: Scarcity of supply (not of resource: the population of seals... 
The Attention Brokers: From big web portals to search engines to social media, over the last twenty ... 
Day 9 Of The 2015 Clean Eating Challenge: This is part of a two-week healthy meal plan that will make yo... 
A Wild Boar Fell Through The Ceiling Of A Shopping Centre In Hong Kong: The animal got stuck in a kids c... 
Here's What the Next Five Years of British Rioting Could Look Like: 
[body_image width='640' height... 
Football Weekly: QPR and Burnley relegated: The podders wave goodbye to the Rs and the Clarets. Plus, ... 
Horse racing tips: Tuesday 12 May: The Conor Dore-trained Amenable at Beverley rates the day’s nap bet... 
La Liga’s race looks run: Barcelona can rule again after Real Madrid falter: On paper it looked like t... 
Israeli PM's wife accuses media tycoon of behaving like 'Voldemort': Sara Netanyahu, the wife of the Isr... 
EU is keeping Tripoli in the dark about military action, says Libya's UN ambassador: Libya has not been ... 
Carphone Warehouse reveals pricing plans for iD mobile network: Carphone Network's iD mobile netwo... 
Mad Men Recap: Leaving on a Jet Plane: Giving people what they want is well and good. Giving people what they ... 
#EPL The top 20 Premier League goals of the season: In pics: We rank the top 20 best strikes of the ... 
Football Weekly: QPR and Burnley relegated: The podders wave goodbye to the Rs and the Clarets. Plus... 
The moon illusion: why the moon looks so weirdly huge right near the horizon: Have you ever noticed ... 
8 Celebrity Portraits From Red Nose Day: The fundraising event from the UK comes to the USA for the firs... 
A Woman Plans To Sue United Airlines For Forcing Her Autistic Daughter Off Flight: The airline said in a... 
Books: Review: In ‘Extreme,’ by Emma Barrett and Paul Martin, Psychologists Explore Those Who Test Limi... 
Science Bookshelf: Best-Selling Science Books: A selection of best-selling nonfiction books about the s... 
‘Rise of the Robots’ and ‘Shadow Work’: “Rise of the Robots” explores how technology threatens even the... 
Behind The Rosetta Mission: It was one of the most audacious space missions ever. How did it feel to... 
The Dark Legend Of The Devil’s Bible: This massive and mysterious text from the Middle Ages is belie... 
'Snow Cleaning' Keeps This Giant Telescope Mirror Perfectly Pristine: The James Webb Space Telescope... 
One Year After Michael Sam Was Drafted, Has Anything Changed?: One year ago, Michael Sam was suppose... 
Snake Snatches Little Kid's Fish, Slithers Off While Kid Gives Chase: Because when you're dealing wi... 
Court compels South Africa's largest labour union to hold Special Congress: The Congress of South Afri... 
Morgan Freeman ain't scared to snort him some weed: Oscar-winning actor Morgan Freeman had no trouble co... 
Visualising an election: A retrospective look at the graphical highlights from The Economist's 20... 
Morpeth's Jonathan Taylor finishes ninth in the Great Manchester Run: The Kenya athlete took ... 
Why subscription wins (Infographic): “The influence of subscription commerce is so large that it'... 
Health of humans and livestock linked in Kenya: NAIROBI, Kenya, May 11 (UPI) -- There is a plethora of ... 
A guide to the growing controversy over Joss Whedon’s Avengers and Marvel’s gender problem: Look at ... 
Even if 2016 is Clinton vs. Bush, American politics won't be dynastic: David Graeber, the anthropolo... 
#EPL Premier League clubs lose ground on Barcelona, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich in Euro Club ...: ... 
Schalke get their moment in the sun … for all the wrong reasons: The Royal Blues’ season is in dange... 
La Liga’s race looks run: Barcelona can rule again after Real Madrid falter: On paper it looked like... 
England squad for the Women’s World Cup: player by player guide: England go to Canada for next month... 
Maurice Kirya to feature in Queen of Katwe film about Chess prodigy Phiona Mutesi: Ugandan musician and... 
An Astronaut Posted The Most Stellar Pictures Of A Lightning Storm Above India: Lightning storms look wa... 
21 "Girly" Things Men Do But Don't Normally Admit: The guys on this Reddit thread have been breaking dow... 
Libyan military shells Turkish cargo ship killing one crew member: The forces said they attacked the shi... 
Kim Jong-un 'flies North Korean-made plane in video': The video shows Mr Kim inspecting the plane and th... 
Bits Blog: Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments: Uber, Yik Yak and others h... 
Chinese Smartphone Makers Try to Make Inroads in India: As domestic sales slow and the country’s e... 
Tim Cook gains legions of fans on Weibo: Apple chief executive Tim Cook has joined Chinese social ... 
John Oliver On The Failures Of America's (Un)Paid Family Leave System: Many American companies do no... 
IPL: Sunrisers Hyderabad v Kings XI Punjab – live!: All the latest action from Rajiv Gandhi Internatio... 
Five things we learned from the Spanish Grand Prix: The 2015 drivers’ championship race is back on, Mc... 
What does Andy Murray’s win over Rafael Nadal mean for their Roland Garros prospects?: British No1 has... 
Ferrari team principal rules out challenging Mercedes for F1 title: • Maurizio Arrivabene restricts Fe... 
Cuba Has a Lung Cancer Vaccine—And America Wants It: Researchers will bring the vaccine stateside and track it... 
Watch a Pianist Play an Ethereal Duet With Slime Mold: It’s a strange, alien effect, not unlike hearing a slig... 
Spanish court set to decide whether country’s footballers can strike: • Court will listen to argumen... 
Families of Bradford City fire victims 'humbled' by anniversary service: Bantams manager Phil Parkin... 
Pep Guardiola: I will be with Bayern Munich next season – video: Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola... 
Ghana, a place for African-Americans to resettle: After passing the "Right of Abode" law, which grants... 
Sambu and Saina triumph at 2015 Great Manchester Run: Kenya's Stephen Sambu claimed top spot ... 
#EPL Emmanuel Adebayor accuses brother of stealing football shirts and £25,000 necklace in latest Fa... 
#EPL Football Writers' Award is set to be announced, but who have been the real stars of the season?... 
INFOGRAPHIC: Most Twitter, YouTube Users Are On Facebook: Twitter users do not confine themselves... 
17 Movie Scenes Made Funnier By Speech Bubbles: The best of #moviesceneswithspeechbubbles. Via The Poke.... 
This Is How A Blind Beauty Youtuber Does Her Make-Up: Contour skills like whoa.

This is ... 
SimCity creator Will Wright gets into mobile photo-editing with Thred app: Veteran games designer ... 
Keurig takes steps towards abandoning coffee-pod DRM: Reintroduction of ‘My K-Cup’ allows users to... 
The cliche of the lone male gamer needs to be destroyed: Psychologist Philip Zimbardo suggests tha... 
The Harmony Square gambit: Two pawns do battle after a capture during a game of living chess in Harmony... 
'Hipster' cop isn't a hipster, he's a biker - but sees the funny side of being made a meme: Dozens of jo... 
Scotland prop Euan Murray announces international retirement: • Thirty-four-year-old stands down four ... 
'Ride me all day for just £3' bus advert with picture of topless woman sparks outrage: Singer Charl... 
New York Governor Orders Emergency Measures To Protect Workers At Nail Salons: The new rules come in... 
Mad Max: What It Takes To Make The Most Intense Movie Ever: Believing that audiences require ever mo... 
An Interactive Atlas Of Global Homicide Rate: Exploring the distribution, dimensions and dynamics of... 
Listen to Michelle Obama's brutally honest speech on the daily sting of racism: Michelle Obama spoke... 
John Oliver On The Failures Of America's (Un)Paid Family Leave System: Many American companies do no... 
Dear media, when peacekeepers rape African kids, don't call it a “sex-for-food scandal”: I have two ... 
A major AIDS research groups says the TPP will make it harder to fight AIDS: While the Trans-Pacific... 
Relegated QPR vow to fight Football League over any FFP fines they impose: • QPR are facing a fine o... 
South Sudan and Ethiopia to block rebel routes: In an effort to stop rebel activities at border territ... 
Education: South Africa's Curro raises $62m to fund new schools: South Africa's private school firm Cu... 
Here Be Dragons: How Did Everyone Get the UK Election So Wrong?: 
[body_image width='1200' height='... 
Nkanata takes 2nd place in 200m Seiko Grand Prix: Kenya's sprint sensation Carvin Nkanata finished seco... 
#EPL English Premier League Points Standings: May 11: LONDON (Sporting Alert) — English Premier Leag... 
Game of Thrones Recap: Kill the Boy: This week, Sansa deals with another sociopathic fiance, Jon makes an unpo... 
People Are Totally Losing It Over This Teleflora Mother's Day Commercial: This is just too much! Too muc... 
Builders unearth 'ancient shipyard of China's Columbus': Zheng He, China's most famous maritime explorer... 
Scans reveal the secrets of animal mummies - some even empty of remains: Manchester scientists find many... 
UK internet use doubles in a decade: People in the UK spent an average of 20 hours and 30 minutes ... 
#FPL Infographic - Man City With And Without Kompany: Opta-powered fantasy football game 
#FPL Premier League weekend review - Steven Gerrard can say more in two minutes than many pros ...: There will... 
Warhammer 40000: Regicide Preview: So to answer your immediate question: No, Warhammer 40, 000: Regicid... 
VIDEO: New SNP MPs arrive at Westminster: The SNP's 56 MPs have arrived in Westminster for the first tim... 
Despite the scepticism, MLS's New York rivalry is real: There was plenty of hype around the Red Bulls’... 
Katie Chapman returns as England name Women’s World Cup squad: • Chapman has not played for side for f... 
The White House Needs a New Fence (No, a Moat Won’t Work): Finding a way to protect the White House from every... 
Despite the scepticism, MLS's New York rivalry is real: There was plenty of hype around the Red Bull... 
Katie Chapman returns as England name Women’s World Cup squad: • Chapman has not played for side for... 
Why Hillary Clinton needs Elizabeth Warren: Elizabeth Warren has pulled off something remarkable in ... 
Mad Men recap: In the next-to-last episode, a time for reconciliation and new beginnings: "The Milk ... 
The many problems with Seymour Hersh's Osama bin Laden conspiracy theory: On Sunday, the legendary i... 
Oh, Just Kim Kardashian Hanging Out Completely Naked In The Desert: Help us caption these amazing pictur... 
Taylor Swift Had No Chill Watching Calvin Harris Perform: It’s almost as though they’re dating or someth... 
The Military Imbalance In The Taiwan Strait [Infographic]: The following infographic provides an ... 
CubeSats: Tiny, Versatile Spacecraft Explained (Infographic): The CubeSat program began in 1999 a... 
Infographic - Man City With And Without Kompany: Following their emphatic 6-0 win over QPR at the... 
Real estate project in Kenya to fund mission work: NAIROBI, Kenya — A real estate development, includin... 
Kenya exit Olympics despite four-goal romp: Kenya exited the 2016 Olympic Games football qualifying com... 
#EPL Gerrard dismisses Chelsea fans' acclaim: Having scored Liverpool's equaliser in the 1-1 draw ag... 
Creative Schools: Revolutionizing Education from the Ground Up by Ken Robinson and Lou Aronica, review:... 
A God in Ruins by Kate Atkinson, review: 'a dazzling read': Kate Atkinson's sequel to 'Life After Life'... 
Which EU countries receive the most asylum seekers?: Latest data reveals Germany received over si... 
Malaysia detains more than a thousand Bangladeshi and Rohingya refugees after rescue: An estimated 25,00... 
Russia-China clinch tightens with joint navy exercises in Mediterranean: Moscow-Beijing relationship flo... 
Meme: Robbie Rogers Wants Zero Tolerance For Homophobia In Sport, Incredibles 2 Set As Brad ...: Robbie ... 
Muck up day 'chaos': numbered sheep and phallic art: As 300 pupils are sent home following a raucou... 
Noises off hampered Sergio García’s tilt at the Players Championship: Some of the bawdy, jingoistic US... 
Fans in Malaysia urged to boycott Tottenham and Liverpool games: • Tottenham game could disrupt nation... 
American Idol Will End After Season 15: FOX announced on Monday morning that "American Idol" has bee... 
Lady Killers: We may have trouble recognizing them, but female serial murderers exist, and they ofte... 
Fear Of An AI Planet: What 'Age Of Ultron' And 'Ex Machina' Get Wrong About Our Robot Overlords: The... 
Schalke release Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sidney Sam with immediate effect: • Sporting director Horst... 
Fans in Malaysia urged to boycott Tottenham and Liverpool games: • Tottenham game could disrupt nati... 
Netflix’s Grace and Frankie is great TV to nap to. That’s sort of a compliment.: Netflix's latest or... 
The 5 most important moments in Game of Thrones season 5, episode 5: Game of Thrones' fifth season k... 
John Oliver: You can't say you love moms then reject paid leave policies that support them: Last Wee... 
Fallout 4 cinematic trailer listed on CG artist's LinkedIn profile: If true, it's more evidence of an ... 
Star Wars Battlefront won't have classes or squads: Instead, it's loadouts and partners. 
#EPL What role did Sir Alex Ferguson play during reign as manager in the Glazer era at Manchester Un... 
How Daimler Built the World’s First Self-Driving Semi: The Freightliner Inspiration is a big step forward on t... 
This Mother Drank Her Own Breast Milk To Survive After Getting Lost In A Forest: Susan O’Brien was lost ... 
Politics Aside, Dr. Kidero Is A Fine Preacher. Here Is What He Did After Meeting Gospel Maestro ...: Do... 
Mayweather v Pacquiao rematch? These are fights the public really want to see: After the short-changed... 
Andy Murray: I wasn't expecting Madrid Open success – video: Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal give their r... 
Chelsea aim to follow Nathan de Souza signing with £4.5m Robert Kenedy deal: • Kenedy has been track... 
Prince Harry Wants Kids "Right Now" And Is Looking For Someone To Share Royal Life With: The 30-year-old... 
On Mother's Day The Rock Asked His Mom If She Was Happy And Her Response Was Wonderful: #TryNotCryInTheE... 
Ottoman selfie statue vandalised: A statue of an Ottoman prince taking a selfie is vandalised only h... 
Celebrity Sightings: Pixie Lott, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Rob Brydon: Featuring Pixie Lott, Arnold ... 
All of this TV season's cancellations and renewals: Ah, May — a month known for its post-April-showe... 
Apple Watch: 'Trying to match the structure of the iOS app was a mistake': Overcast creator Marco ... 
Spotify financial results show struggle to make streaming music profitable: Its 15m paying subscri... 
Windows 10 will be 'the last version of Windows': Microsoft to move to smaller, more frequent upda... 
Celebrity Sightings: Pixie Lott, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Rob Brydon: Featuring Pixie Lott, Arnold Schw... 
Kerry and Obama Visit Show New Global Confidence in Kenya: "Choosing Kenya as the destination for GES u... 
When 'juakali' mechanics fixed President Barack Obama's vehicle when it broke near Uhuru park: Nairobi,... 
#EPL Premier League: Arsenal vs Swansea - LIVE: Arsenal host Swansea in the 36th matchday of the Eng... 
#EPL Pep Guardiola Dismisses Manchester City FC Rumours: There were fresh claims over the weekend th... 
#EPL EPL Round up: Manchester United seal Champions League place, as Chelsea and Liverpool draw: Man... 
A Border Town Built For Vice: Along the murky border of China and Myanmar, the stringent morals of b... 
Hernanes and Mattia Destro bring ex factor to Champions League race: Lazio’s Hernanes took vengeance a... 
Hernanes and Mattia Destro bring ex factor to Champions League race: Lazio’s Hernanes took vengeance... 
Swedish gunman claims he nearly shot Zlatan Ibrahimovic for bad parking: • Peter Mangs saw footballe... 
Branislav Ivanovic predicts generation of Chelsea ‘greats’ from youth ranks: • Defender praises club... 
Chris Ramsey should stay to manage QPR in Championship, says Clint Hill: • Veteran defender says man... 
County cricket: the week’s final over: Why does Division One produce more wins than Division Two? When... 
Marin Cilic: ‘When you have some pain the good moments are even better’: Tennis player won his first g... 
Branislav Ivanovic predicts generation of Chelsea ‘greats’ from youth ranks: • Defender praises club’s... 
Chris Ramsey should stay to manage QPR in Championship, says Clint Hill: • Veteran defender says manag... 
This Chinese Businessman Took 6,400 Workers On Holiday To France For Four Days: It has been claimed the ... 
Genocide Memorial Chess Tourney Set for June: The Rwanda Chess Federation (FERWADE) has announced that ... 
Star Citizen retro webgame released: It's called Hyper Vanguard Force IV, for some reason. 
Rugby: Hurricanes Taking Super Rugby by Storm: The New Zealand team, noted for its inconsistency in pr... 
Can You Guess Which Of These Insane Things Actually Happened In Florida?: Stay forever weird, Florida.

... 
#EPL Chelsea transfer news: Champions close in on Brazil wonderkid Robert Kenedy: Champions are conf... 
#EPL Why I voted for John Terry as Footballer of the Year: Mark Ogden: Man Utd, Arsenal and City wou... 
One Year Later, Ebola’s Lessons for the Next Big Outbreak: The sun is setting on the great Ebola crisis. But i... 
Find the Perfect Color Combos With This Addictive App: Coolors lets you generate an infinite number of color p... 
We’re All Video Companies Now: Like BuzzFeed and Facebook, Spotify reportedly wants to start showing you video... 
This Vine Of Kanye West Forgetting He's Kanye West Is Completely Mesmerising: When you’re having a great... 
Nintendo to release first smartphone game by end of year: Nintendo has announced plans to release ... 
Santander Cycles app lets you hire a 'Boris bike' from your phone: Boris bike users can now get re... 
What matters most to different countries: International relocation experts MoveHub have created a... 
Gusii Track Sparks Concern After Weekend Meeting: Athletics Kenya have raised concern over th... 
#EPL QPR fans react on Twitter to relegation from Premier League: Queens Park Rangers have been rele... 
Pep Guardiola insists he will remain as Bayern Munich manager next season: • Spaniard has been heavi... 
Ipswich player offers to pay for damage caused by fan celebrating his goal: • Ipswich fan punched ho... 
Talking Horses: Monday’s best bets plus all the latest racing news: Territories is set to be seen next... 
Sport picture of the day: Cleveland's LeBron James bends a Chicago Bull: At the end of game four in ea... 
Pep Guardiola insists he will remain as Bayern Munich manager next season: • Spaniard has been heavily... 
Ipswich player offers to pay for damage caused by fan celebrating his goal: • Ipswich fan punched hole... 
VIDEO: 'I drank my breast milk for energy': A woman in New Zealand got lost in the countryside near Well... 
VIDEO: Farage and Bennett on voting reform: Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, and Natalie Bennett, the le... 
Why Does The Army Care So Much About Women's Lacrosse?: Officials at West Point are not passively ho... 
Wes Anderson Designed A Cafe And It Will Make Your Dreams Come True: Fit for a royal Tenenbaum.

... 
A Guy Whose Miserable Holiday Photo Album Went Viral Got To Remake It With His Wife: If you don’t smile ... 
#EPL Premier League team of the weekend - in pictures: In pics: The relegation battle continued apac... 
NBC's fall 2015 schedule features Wesley Snipes, Neil Patrick Harris, and a Heroes reboot: NBC has a... 
Pictures of the day: 11 May 2015: A hungry kingfisher, a paper bridge and a goldfish under the knife 
French man killed in 'savage' shark attack while snorkelling in New Caledonia: Wife pays tribute to Yves... 
Lost New Zealand woman survives on breast milk: Susan O'Brien was doing a 12.5 mile run when she took a ... 
South Africa's main opposition gets first black leader: South Africa's main opposition party, the Demo... 
Egypt's Sanai tribesmen pledge to fight extremists: Egypt is prepared to turn to tribal militias to co... 
Kenya Power recieves loan expansion facility: Telecoms-wxin A US$10mn loan facility from UBA will boost... 
Kenya: Safaricom announces plan to expand 3G network coverage: Telecommunications operator Safaricom sa... 
Kenya Is Open for Business: A few days ago I uploaded a piece on my Youtube channel that boldly proclai... 
Second Belgian player dies in two weeks after Tim Nicot suffers cardiac arrest: • Belgian lower leag... 
José Mourinho: Chelsea fans' Steven Gerrard chants show respect – video: Chelsea manager José Mourin... 
Lost New Zealand woman survives on breast milk: Susan O'Brien was doing a 12.5 mile run when she to... 
The howling, futile void of the players-only crisis meeting: The best way to fix a losing baseball tea... 
José Mourinho: Chelsea fans' Steven Gerrard chants show respect – video: Chelsea manager José Mourinho... 
Meet the man behind hawkish Hillary Clinton's foreign policy: In late 2010, Tom Nides sat down for l... 
#EPL Premier League weekend review - Steven Gerrard can say more in two minutes than many pros mumbl... 
Mad Max: What It Takes to Make the Most Intense Movie Ever: Half a lifetime ago, George Miller unleashed 1979’... 
24 Stages Of Making A New BFF: “A best friend isn’t a person, it’s a tier” - Mindy Lahiri.

... 
Jessica Hynes' Passionate Anti-Austerity Speech Was Edited By The BBC: “I don’t feel low income means lo... 
Man arrested on suspicion of assaulting Chesterfield’s Ian Evatt on pitch: • Evatt claims he was pun... 
VIDEO: Wild boar smashes through shop: A wild boar smashes through the roof of a children's clothing sho... 
In pictures: Bafta TV Awards 2015: Winners, losers and red carpet stand-outs from the 2015 Bafta awards. 
In pictures: VE Day commemorations: Pictures of VE Day celebrations marking the 70th anniversary of ... 
Pakistan Cricket Board chairman expresses hope of playing India again: • Shaharyar Khan confirms discu... 
County cricket – live!: Somerset v New Zealand, Surrey v Leicestershire and Yorkshire v HampshireEngla... 
Rickie Fowler: Players Championship victory still sinking in – video: Rickie Fowler gives his reaction... 
Rono, Kibii soar to Kericho Marathon wins: “I've just called Athletics Kenya Vice-President D... 
Kenya athletes aim to bounce back in Shangai: Although Athletics Kenya (AK) is yet to announc... 
Nganga wins 3000m steeplechase Japan World Challenge: Kenya's Bernard Mbugua Nganga emerged victorious ... 
Hope for improving Kenya 7s in London: SENTLA-KENYA NAIROBI, May 11 –After giving a good account of the... 
Prince Harry visits New Zealand, in pictures: In pics: Prince treated to ceremonial welcome 
Here's something to do today: Play chess. Make new friends. New Bedford Chess Club meets from 7 p.m. to... 
Ex-Congolese warlord acquitted by ICC and denied asylum by Kenya goes missing: A former Democr... 
Ex-Congolese warlord acquitted by ICC and denied asylum by Kenya goes missing: Kenya Today|A f... 
Controversial replica of Old Summer Palace opens in China: A replica of Beijing's Old Summer Palace - lo... 
Queen Latifah: 'Bessie Smith's story needed to be told': Queen Latifah stars as blues singer Bessie Smit... 
"Mad Men" Made Its Viewers Very Sad On Mother's Day: “And here I thought I was all cried out on Mother’s... 
10 Australian iPhone Photographers You Should Follow On Instagram: These 10 emerging photographers show ... 
Why Black Widow Can't Have It All: Slut-shaming a female Avenger 11 movies into the Marvel timeline ... 
What Pictures From a Totally Ruined Polaroid Look Like: A photographer buys a broken camera and discovers the ... 
Uganda's 'oil rush' town stuck in the slow lane: Before the discovery of large amounts of oil in Lake ... 
Wild boar causes chaos in Hong Kong children's clothes shop: Shoppers at a mall in Hong Kong got mo... 
15 signs you're obsessed with your cat: Work out your level of cat obsession with this 15 simple st... 
Ipswich Town goalscorer to pay for repairs after fan punches hole in ceiling during celebration: Ip... 
Band behind viral skateboarding video gets credit thanks to Reddit: The internet came to the rescue... 
These 50 apps let you track your life one bit at a time [infographic]: In the infographic below, ... 
Here's What Sydney Would Look Like If The Impressionists Had Painted It: 

 Ben Lowy

Acclaimed ... 
6 Things That Have Happened To Indigenous Australia Since Last Budget: Aboriginal organisations are stil... 
VIDEO: Tips to deal with stress of SATs: As SATs exams get under way for primary school children, a chil... 
VIDEO: Reclaiming holiday beaches after WW2: Matthew Wheeler reports on how beaches were transformed aft... 
Andrew Strauss will pick new England head coach, insists Colin Graves: • ECB chairman hands director o... 
Football transfer rumours: Paul Pogba to earn £250,000 per week after tax at Manchester City?: Today’s... 
Lawrence of Arabia and the crash helmet: Did the death of one man 80 years ago lead to crash helmet use? 
Social Media Protected Consumers From Safaricom Tyranny: Kenya is among the few nations in the world wi... 
African Elephants May Be Extinct by 2025: The African elephant risks being extinct by 2025 if urgent ac... 
#EPL Arsenal vs Swansea preview: Alexis Sanchez looks to beat Thierry Henry's first-season total: Ar... 
#EPL Steven Gerrard will leave a big hole when he leaves Liverpool - they don't make them like him a... 
#EPL Glazers at Manchester United - the 10-year anniversary of Americans' Old Trafford takeover is o... 
30 key blues musicians in pictures: BB King. Louis Jordan. Ray Charles. Bessie Smith. Here are some ... 
Bob Marley: a reggae legend in pictures: Reggae singer Bob Marley died of cancer on May 11, 1981 
Pictures of the day: 11 May 2015: A paper bridge, cycling in the sunshine and a goldfish under the knife 
Football transfer rumours: Paul Pogba to earn £250,000 per week after tax at Manchester City?: Today... 
Pictures of the day: 11 May 2015: A paper bridge, cycling in the sunshine and a goldfish under the knife 
Watch: Stage collapses under 80-person choir in China: See the terrifying moment a stage gave way m... 
Rugby union: talking points from the weekend’s action: Wasps must strengthen to pack a punch, Sale’s a... 
Football: 10 talking points from the weekend’s action: Manuel Pellegrini will have an eye on Bayern v ... 
Everyone Is Making Memes Of Joe Hockey On Budget Eve: Unhappy budget eve.

... 
Football: 10 talking points from the weekend’s action: Manuel Pellegrini will have an eye on Bayern ... 
VIDEO: Who's who in Cameron's new cabinet?: David Cameron will address Conservative backbenchers on Mond... 
VIDEO: Choir falls through stage in China: According to Chinese state television, eight choir members ha... 
Warriors' Konrad Hurrell faces three-match ban for jaw-shattering incident: Cronulla’s Anthony Tupou h... 
Lifeline review – absorbing space rescue: A text dialogue with stranded astronaut Taylor brings re... 
Sin and Punishment: Successor of the Skies review – a classic returns: (Wii U, Nintendo, cert: 12)... 
Chatterbox: Monday: The place to talk about games and other things that matterIt’s Monday again! C... 
There Will Be A Tax On Netflix In Australia: Your Orange Is The New Black just got more expensive.

... 
What Your Goon Brand Says About You: The silver sack never lies.

L... 
How Much Will Obama's One-Day Visit Cost?: President Barack Obama's July trip to Kenya will cost US tax... 
Safaricom Remains Kenya's Most Admired Brand: Safaricom's share of voice is sky-high and this is eviden... 
Watch: Stage collapses under 80-person choir in China: See the terrifying moment a stage gave way mid-re... 
South Africa deploys CSI-style tactics to crack rhino poaching rings: South Africa is leading the way in... 
20 facts you didn't know about French designer Philippe Starck [Infographic]: Kontenta, a designe... 
#EPL Man Utd news: Ashley Young targets England recall: Winger was superb once again in United's win... 
Ababu Meets Iceland Head of State in Europe: "Our talks centred around Kenya-Iceland parliamentary part... 
Cash aid feeds business surge in northeast Kenya: TURKANA, Kenya (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - When th... 
#EPL English Premier League: Draw effectively ends Champions League hopes for Reds: This would be th... 
#EPL Study finds that Premier League TV viewers are only interested in the big teams: Often we're to... 
What Go chess reflects in life?: BEIJING, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Inside, top Go chess women players are str... 
VIDEO: Events mark Bradford City fire disaster: Events will be held in Bradford to remember 56 people wh... 
Newcastle Jets owner Nathan Tinkler guilty of breaching FFA code with rant: Tinkler alleged to have to... 
Kelly Clarkson Says "Screw 'Em" To Online Haters: “If you’re happy with yourself, screw ‘em!”

... 
What We Talk About When We Talk About The 'Raised Hands' Emoji: Instagram analyzed the words its use... 
Rhino poaching across South Africa reaches record high: Statistics released by the South African environ... 
Assad's spy chief arrested over Syria coup plot: Ali Mamlouk, the head of the country's National Securit... 
22 Recipes That'll Take Your Brunch Game To The Next Level: Because brunch is the most important meal of... 
25 Ways Following BFF On Instagram Will Improve Your Life: Imagine that a bunch of people at BuzzFeed sp... 
Soc Sci &amp; Medicine on Twitter: "Infographic: Tips for designing better research posters 
Huduma Kenya wins United Nations award: NAIROBI, KENYA: Huduma Kenya has just won the most prestigious ... 
It's Ethiopia! State now breaks silence over aborted Uhuru trip: Officials at the Ministry of Foreign A... 
Kenya's county chiefs laud China's investment in Africa: The leaders, led by the governor of Meru count... 
Nauru says Facebook block a 'temporary restriction' to keep public safe from 'sexual perverts': Br... 
Migrants in Libya risk rape and torture before reaching Mediterranean: Amnesty International have spoken... 
Here's A Video Of Hugh Jackman Lip Syncing The "Bacon Pancakes" Song From "Adventure Time": In today’s e... 
14 Things You Should Know About Homophobia And Sport In Australia: Eight in ten gay people have been cal... 
Newcastle Jets owner Nathan Tinkler guilty of breaching FFA code with rant: Tinkler alleged to have ... 
Nick Kyrgios to secure first grand slam seeding at this year's French Open: Krygios joins Bernard Tomi... 
Are Multiple Personalities Always a Disorder?: 
[body_image width='1023' height='682' path='images/... 
A Better Edith: My Tiny House Experiment: 

Illustration by Heather Benjamin
This article appears... 
Will an Inquiry into the Deaths of Canadian Aboriginal Women Bring Peace to Their Families?: 
[body... 
The Most Complicated Relationship On "The Good Wife" Has Come To An Unsatisfying End: Did they or didn’t... 
Here Are All The Winners At The 2015 BAFTA TV Awards: Benedict Cumberbatch fails to win the Best Actor a... 
#EPL EPL: Steven Gerrrard strike helps Liverpool hold Chelsea to draw: London: Steven Gerrard will n... 
#EPL Report: Luis Enrique linked with Premier League switch; Manchester City set to make offer: And ... 
World Briefing | Africa: South Africa: Opposition Chooses First Black Leader: South Africa’s main oppo... 
Steven King's 'The Stand' Is Bloated, Racist, And (Somehow) Still A Masterpiece: In 2008, a Harris P... 
Grand final: Sydney chief brands AFL's refusal to budge on venue 'a disgrace': A-League showpiece forc... 
The ten most expensive paintings in history: Wealthy buyers in the Gulf and China have set a string of r... 
19 GIFs That Sum Up Everyone's MySpace Experience: Being taken out of someone’s top 8 = the death of so ... 
Which "Arrested Development" Character Should Be Your Partner In Crime?: Marry me! But first take this q... 
Wybory prezydenckie 2015: Białystok Lublin Bydgoszcz Poznań Warszawa Katowice Kraków Wrocław Gdań... 
Existing Elite: Dangerous owners will be granted Steam keys: As will any future players who purchase t... 
GTA 5 'Angry Planes' mod makes pilots very aggressive: Modders continue to turn Los Santos into hell o... 
A Seat at the Table for Caregivers in Kenya: In this blog post, Violet Shivutse, a 47-year-old farmer a... 
From a refugee, Chuol is Kenya's top basketball player: NAIROBI, May 10 (Xinhua) -- John Chuol arrived ... 
Under-pressure AFL coach Mick Malthouse vows to stay at Carlton: Coach defiant when asked about his fu... 
Ed Sheeran's New Video For "Photograph" Is A Baby Picture Bonanza: #tbt cute lil’ baby Ed.

... 
Here’s What The Original Cast Of Star Wars Looks Like Now: May the Force be with you…

... 
Grand final: Sydney chief brands AFL's refusal to budge on venue 'a disgrace': A-League showpiece fo... 
#EPL Tony Pulis backs John Carver to stay in charge of Newcastle next season: West Brom manager says... 
Are Politicians Two-Faced?: Are politicians actually two-faced? Or do they appeal to voters with div... 
Let’s Talk About Periods: And PMS. And cramps. And bloating. 
What Game of Thrones changed from the books: Season 5, Episode 5: Spoilers for the newest episode of... 
Mothers: Her mother definitely took care of her when she was young, even teaching her chess as soon as ... 
Pocono Mountain East chess champs celebrate at Capitol: The delightful taste of victory brought the Poc... 
#MatchReport Red Bulls beat New York City FC in barnstorming derby: New York Red Bulls 2-1 New York ... 
Whole Foods Is Opening A Cheaper New Store Aimed At "Millennials": They plan to open new stores next yea... 
LinkedIn Is For Being A Professional Troll: If LinkedIn were a classmate, it’d be the one who always... 
Red Bulls beat New York City FC in barnstorming derby: New York Red Bulls 2-1 New York City FCBradle... 
18 Confessions From People Who Go On Lots Of Dates: “I was on a date with a guy and ended up leaving wit... 
9 Epic Beard Facts Every Beard Lover Should Know: Cavemen used beards to intimidate each other. Hot.

... 
Painless Parker: Part Dentist, Part Showman, All American: The pioneer of modern dentistry mixed sho... 
The Bitter Fight Behind Your Morning Cup Of Coffee: Today, thousands of Americans will choose to pay... 
47 Perfect Family Photos: The key ingredient is love.

 Morgan Shanahan / Buz... 
How Many Superhero Movies Have You Seen?: From mega-blockbusters (The Avengers!) to junky schlockbusters... 
Hundreds of Burmese refugees rescued from boats: Persecuted Rohingya had to be towed ashore after two ov... 
18 Steps To Becoming A Feminist Badass Like Olivia Pope: A step-by-step guide to becoming the fiercest w... 
The Most Awkward Interview Of This Presidential Campaign, So Far: Also: It took more than a week for any... 
FIDE-rated national chess tournament from May 13: The Udupi District Chess Association, T.A. Pai Manage... 
Yohenba wins Rapid Chess Tournament: Imphal, May 10 2015 : Naorem Cha Yohenba,overnight joint leader su... 
How chess is putting sagging grades in checkmate: Amaroo School, located in Canberra's north, is provid... 
28 Times Tumblr Knew Exactly What Was Going On: …Kind of.

When this dolphin got stood... 
The Best Mothers' Day Meme Yet: In our world of accelerating social media, there's no shortage of good M... 
Hipster cop from London protests has become an overnight meme: It all started yesterday when photojourna... 
The Hitchhiking Snakes Of The Caribbean: For a long time no-one could understand how Aruba's boa con... 
Swimsuits Through History: From wool one-pieces to tiny bikinis.

Watch the video

... 
To Play Soccer While Viewing The Game From Above On Video: Technology doesn't make everything better... 
Michelle Obama describes pressures of being black First Lady: Mrs Obama has largely avoided discussing r... 
Picasso masterpiece expected to be the world's most expensive painting when sold at auction: Pablo Picas... 
You Can Levitate A Screwdriver With Compressed Air And It Is Magical: If we tried this, someone woul... 
Rickie Fowler holds his nerve to win play-off at Players Championship: • Fowler beats Sergio García an... 
Will Gaudi be made a saint?: Will the eccentric Barcelona architect be made a saint? 
The toothy legacy of Painless Parker: How teeth necklaces and cocaine syringes built a dental legend 
17 Delicious Ways To Eat Fruit For Breakfast: Because fruit is the ultimate breakfast food.

... 
19 Faces People Who Hate Other People Will Immediately Recognise: CAN U NOT?

The "Why Ar... 
#EPL English Premier League: QPR, Burnley bite the dust as United close in on fourth: LONDON: Sergio... 
VIDEO: Dreamland's ride to a brighter future: Margate's Dreamland is weeks away from re-opening ... but ... 
Alejandro Ramirez: Attacking with the Benko: 5/10/2015 – The Benko Gambit is a provocative opening, in ... 
Why It's Good To Be Wrong: Making a mistake on a science exam is bad. So is publishing a paper with ... 
These impassioned tweets from a football player show why college athletes need unions: Simon Cvijano... 
Pilots say poll shows public want strict curbs on flying drones in cities: British Airline Pilots ... 
16 Bizarre Photos To Prep You For Graduation: Treasure these memories…No matter how awkward they may be!... 
Kenya Moore: NeNe Leakes Has To Face Her Demons In Order For All To Move Forward: Is Kenya Moore gloati... 
#EPL Everton 0 Sunderland 2: Dick Advocaat's 'one last job' could yet last longer than expected: Sun... 
#EPL Leicester City 2 Southampton 0: Foxes keeping cool heads with safety in sight: Nigel Pearson an... 
5 Bizarre Jobs That No Longer Exist: We’ve come so far…

 BuzzFeed Blue /... 
#MatchReport Southend draw with Stevenage in bruising League Two play-off: Barry Corr headed an equa... 
The Killing Of Osama Bin Laden: Famed investigative reporter Seymour Hersh — who uncovered the Vietn... 
The Weird Metaphysics When States Try To Tax Digital Goods: In March, Alabama announced it would sta... 
Southend draw with Stevenage in bruising League Two play-off: Barry Corr headed an equaliser as Sout... 
Books of The Times: Review: David Gates Delivers More Havoc in ‘A Hand Reached Down to Guide Me’: Each ... 
VIDEO: Monaco's royal babies baptised: The twin babies of Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene have be... 
VIDEO: Clive James's career celebrated at Baftas: The Bafta television awards take place in London, cele... 
Kenya shilling steady traders shrug off president icc date: 7 months. Kenya shilling steady, t... 
1 day ago: Kenya's Latest News, If It's Happening, It's Here ... Take Off in Feb 2014″ Says th... 
Kenya embraces cleaner diesel: Kenya has enforced new standards of fuel that have seen it be among firs... 
If Guy Best Friends Vacationed Like Girl BFFs: The BFFs take San Francisco.

... 
17 Instagram Accounts For Everyone Who Loves New Zealand: Beware: these photos will give you an overwhel... 
New York Red Bulls v New York City FC: MLS – live!: Email tom.lutz@theguardian.com with your thought... 
Op-Ed Contributors: Ebola-Free, but Not Resilient: One lesson from Ebola is clear: in a resilient heal... 
#MatchReport New York Red Bulls v New York City FC: MLS – live!: Email tom.lutz@theguardian.com with... 
Which "Bob's Burgers" Character Should Be Your Best Friend?: Time for the charm bomb to explode.

  
#EPL Stoke City 3 Tottenham Hotspur 0: Harry Kane presents Mauricio Pochettino with a problem: The s... 
#EPL Aston Villa 1 West Ham 0: Tom Cleverley eyes permanent move: The midfielder confirmed his inter... 
Unhappy Workers Cost the US Up to $550 Billion a Year (Infographic): ... care to attend to the em... 
Kenya Tea Traders See Prices Rising From 2-Year High After Hail: African tea prices at the auction in K... 
Kenya among top nations in tourism index: Kenya has attained position five in Africa in the recent bien... 
END OF THE ROAD: Kenya crash out of the Bowl semis in Scotland IRB leg: The Kenya National Sevens Team ... 
Kenya gets forensic lab to help fight wildlife crime: Kenya has opened a new forensic lab, supported by... 
Uhuru accuses media of fanning rivalry among URP leaders: President Uhuru Kenyatta yesterday turned his... 
30 Things You Need To Thank Your Mom For This Mother's Day: Thank you for everything.

Fo... 
This Picture Of A Tornado Hitting A Rainbow Looks Like It's Straight From "The Wizard Of Oz": Dorothy ma... 
The Dozen: the weekend's best Premier League photos: We round up our favourite pictures from Saturda... 
A-League: what we learned from the semi-finals: A league record for the A-League, blue skies for the... 
The Dozen: the weekend's best Premier League photos: We round up our favourite pictures from Saturday’... 
AFL: five things we learned from round six: Geelong were reincarnated as Geelong when they were good, ... 
Robert Huth stokes Leicester City’s fire to leave Southampton at a loss: • Defender has helped Leicest... 
Steve Bruce clutches at straws as Hull seek to avoid following Burnley: • Bruce makes no excuses after... 
#MatchReport Steve Bruce clutches at straws as Hull seek to avoid following Burnley: • Bruce makes n... 
#MatchReport Dick Advocaat’s detachment adds credibility to Sunderland survival bid: • Sunderland’s ... 
#MatchReport Robert Huth stokes Leicester City’s fire to leave Southampton at a loss: • Defender has... 
#MatchReport Manchester United’s Ashley Young covers up cracks against Crystal Palace: • Winger give... 
#MatchReport Aston Villa’s Tom Cleverley throws off the shackles under Tim Sherwood: • Former Englan... 
House of former Yemen president Ali Abdullah Saleh flattened in Saudi airstrike: Ali Abdullah Saleh, Yem... 
President of Poland Bronislaw Komorowski second in election, say surprise exit polls: Bronislaw Komorows... 
Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments: Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised ... 
Dick Advocaat’s detachment adds credibility to Sunderland survival bid: • Sunderland’s interim manag... 
Robert Huth stokes Leicester City’s fire to leave Southampton at a loss: • Defender has helped Leice... 
Aston Villa’s Tom Cleverley throws off the shackles under Tim Sherwood: • Former England midfielder ... 
Steve Bruce clutches at straws as Hull seek to avoid following Burnley: • Bruce makes no excuses aft... 
Manchester United’s Ashley Young covers up cracks against Crystal Palace: • Winger gives United edge... 
The Playboy Centerfold At The Center Of Computer Science: Alexander Sawchuk, the assistant professor... 
Watch The Mother's Day Premiere Of 'Happy Birthday Oscar Grant, Love Mom': Early on New Year's Day 2... 
Ipswich and Norwich play out phoney war before the real battle: • Anderson levels after Howson opener ... 
‘Disappointing’ Jessica Ennis-Hill could delay her heptathlon return: • Coach Toni Minichiello questio... 
'Chess' at Kensington Arts Theatre: Coming off his epic hit Evita lyricist Tim Rice joined forces with ... 
Thea crowned queen at interschool chess tournament: CHESS CHAMPIONS: South Grafton High School student ... 
Aditi, Tanya, Shubham triumph in Nagpur district chess selection tourney: NAGPUR: Aditi Patel, Tanya Pa... 
Legal Marijuana Faces Another Federal Hurdle: Taxes: Even as more states embrace legal marijuana, sh... 
How To Organize The Best Bar Crawl: If executed incorrectly, a bar crawl can spell disaster. Or more... 
18 Mother's Day Gifts Your Cat Would Give You If They Could: Because in your eyes, your cat is your chil... 
Just Look At How Much Fun Angela Merkel Had Visiting Vladimir Putin In Moscow: In Putin’s Russia, good t... 
#EPL Liverpool's shortcomings see top four hopes in the English Premier League fade away: Liverpool'... 
'Real Housewives of Atlanta's' Kenya Moore makes NeNe Leakes cry over her mom: Kenya Moore seems to be ... 
Cuba leader's daughter sponsors mass gay 'wedding': Mariela Castro, daughter of President Raul Castro, h... 
#EPL Chelse v Liverpool: How on earth do you replace John Terry?: The Chelsea captain sets a fine ex... 
VIDEO: Stars out in force on Bafta red carpet: Stars have turned out in force for the 2015 Bafta award c... 
Possibly The World's Best Bob Marley One Man Cover Band: Three ukes? Check. Slapping the bass with f... 
19 Times Kourtney Kardashian Summed Up Having Resting Bitch Face: I AM smiling.

When you... 
Are You More Emma Watson Or Kristen Stewart?: The Queen of Class or the Queen of Badass?

  
Andy Murray overwhelms Rafael Nadal to win Madrid Open title: • World No3 wins second clay-court title... 
Formula One: Nico Rosberg Holds On for Victory in the Spanish Grand Prix: Winning from the pole positi... 
“Real Housewives of Atlanta” Star Kenya Moore Trashes Co-Star NeNe Leakes: We all know there's no love ... 
Planning For Rural America's Economic Future: In Pottawattamie County, the agricultural sector is pr... 
How The Army Is Trying To Predict — And Prevent — The Next Suicide: There's more than just $65 milli... 
Possibly The World's Best Bob Marley One Man Cover Band: Three ukes? Check. Slapping the bass with f... 
IPL 2015: Brendon McCullum fires Chennai to victory over Rajasthan: • McCullum hits 81 from 61 balls d... 
Andy Murray masterful on clay to dethrone Rafael Nadal in Madrid: • World No3 wins second clay-court t... 
Steven Gerrard’s long Liverpool goodbye is becoming painful and poignant: Liverpool’s midfielder Ste... 
Nigeria athletics chief denies marginalization of home-based athletes: The President of the A... 
#EPL Premier League is less compelling than other top European leagues: Now, Premier League apologis... 
#EPL EPL round-up: Aguero treble sends QPR down, Liverpool's Champions League dream ends: Aguero's t... 
Oscar Pistorius 'hopes to work with children' if released early on parole: Lawyer for the athlete says h... 
Angela Merkel urges Vladimir Putin to curb violations of Ukraine ceasefire: German chancellor says peace... 
29 Cleaning Products Every Lazy Person Needs: Cleaning shouldn’t take so much effort. Or, like, any.

... 
18 Ways To Get Your Bangs Out Of Your Face: Or: How to survive ~the awkward stages~ of growing them out.... 
Steven Gerrard hails Liverpool fans as the tops and José Mourinho the best: • Gerrard: ‘I was more h... 
#EPL Chelsea v Liverpool - the key match statistics: A breakdown of the key match stats from Chelsea... 
VIDEO: Celebration and remembrance: The Queen has joined around 1,000 veterans and their families in a s... 
BMX Rider Switches Bikes Mid-Jump, Somehow: BMX rider Pat Laughlin starts his jump on one bike, land... 
Tiger Woods battles his demons on the Sawgrass stage: • Former world No1 is still trying to rework his... 
Game of Checkers, Part 5: a tiny drama in CK2's Game of Thrones mod: A diary of Crusader Kings 2 with ... 
North Korea Claims to Have Launched a Ballistic Missile From a Submarine: North Korea Claims to Have... 
#EPL Grealish sparkles again, Liverpool's costly transfer dealings &amp; more Premier League talking poi... 
#EPL EPL: Liverpool's Champions League dream ends, Aguero hat-trick seals QPR's relegation: Sergio A... 
#EPL Man United set for Champions League after Liverpool draws: Manchester United's Marouane Fellain... 
Kenya Moore releases her 'Life Twirls On' pilot online: Although Bravo's “Real Housewives of Atlanta” g... 
23 Refreshing Summer Drinks That Are Even Better Than Soda: ::Keeps jug in fridge at all times::

... 
18 Hilariously Unfortunate Names: What’s in a name? A whole lot of unfortunate things, apparently.

... 
The World Mapped As Pop Art: Roy Lichtenstein meets cartography. 
BMX Rider Switches Bikes Mid-Jump, Somehow: BMX rider Pat Laughlin starts his jump on one bike, land... 
Keighley Cougars pay fitting tribute to Danny Jones by thrashing Coventry: Keighley remember player wh... 
William Fox-Pitt in tears after Chilli Morning wins Badminton Horse Trials: • First British success fo... 
Swansea’s Lukasz Fabianski finds himself after losing his way at Arsenal: Poland’s No1 has come a lo... 
The Try Guys Thank Their Moms For Mother's Day: After a week of trying to understand the pains of mother... 
25 Ikea Hacks That Will Save You So Much Money On Your Wedding: “Here comes the Malm…”

... 
#EPL Chelsea 1 Liverpool 1, match report: Steven Gerrard unable to rescue Liverpool's Champions Leag... 
#EPL Steven Gerrard: It was nice of the Chelsea fans to turn up for once: Liverpool captain takes a ... 
#EPL Chelsea 1 Liverpool 1: Five things we learned: A violent tackle suggests the midfielder is not ... 
VIDEO: VE Day veteran's appeal to not forget: As VE Day is marked in Britain, 89-year-old Barbara Weathe... 
VIDEO: Corden jets in for one night at Baftas: James Corden tells the BBC of his delight at his Bafta no... 
Chelsea 1 Liverpool 1, match report: Steven Gerrard unable to rescue Liverpool's Champions League hope... 
Faster-Than-Light Travel: Are We There Yet?: Long before the Empire struck back, before the United F... 
Here It Is: It's just a machine, but you almost feel bad for it? It's trying so hard. At least the g... 
Aidan O’Brien forced to rejig Derby permutations after Highland Reel flop: • Highland Reel on Epsom dr... 
Whiz kid on a roll: LET'S GET IT ON. Jerish John Velarde waits for the start of the round in the Fide W... 
19 Secrets Of A No-Guilt Mom: Why waste time feeling guilty when you are doing your best?

 ... 
The Most Important Moms In History: Behind every great son is a great mom.

Laurie Wright... 
#EPL Liverpool held 1-1 by Chelsea, effectively ending CL hopes: Liverpool's Steven Gerrard, left, c... 
Do Animals Commit Suicide?: It’s widely believed that lemmings commit mass suicide by leaping to the... 
Kiss Of Death: The Bloody Case Of Béla Kiss: This Hungarian fiend lured dozens of women to his villa... 
Thousands Have Signed A Petition Slamming Australia's Tampon Tax: “Axe the (tampon) tax!”

 ... 
24 Vegan Desserts You Need In Your Life: Who said vegan eats can’t be delicious?

Chocola... 
28 Unexpected Things You Didn't Know Your Kitchen Needed: Making the best part of the house better.

... 
The Players Championship 2015: final round – live!: Official leaderboard from SawgrassThe Joy of Six: ... 
Exeter’s Thomas Waldrom snatches win from Saracens to tighten play-off battle: • Saracens 20-24 Exeter... 
Liverpool’s Champions League dreams end after draw at champions Chelsea: For Liverpool the game is up.... 
Uhuru re-endorses Deputy President William Ruto: Bomet, Kenya – President Uhuru Kenyatta has expressed ... 
#MatchReport Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool | Premier League match report: For Liverpool the game is up. An a... 
QPR’s Chris Ramsey agrees with Joey Barton’s ‘bad eggs’ criticism: • Head coach believes QPR’s playe... 
Liverpool’s Champions League dreams end after draw at champions Chelsea: For Liverpool the game is u... 
Saadi Gaddafi in court in Libya for start of murder trial: The son of Colonel Gaddafi has appeared in co... 
Heroic Spanish farmer dragged survivors out of Seville plane crash: Manuel, a Spanish farmer, has been p... 
VIDEO: Veteran: 'My friend never came home': World War Two veteran Michael McGrory speaks to the BBC's T... 
#EPL Premier League TV viewers crave familiarity – not unpredictability: Television audience demand ... 
#Hipstercop: Twitter goes mad for police officer with a very impressive moustache: Word of an emine... 
18 Mother's Day Gifts Your Dog Would Get You If They Could: Because let’s be real, your dogs are your ch... 
Amber Rose Uses The Office Meme, Blames Alcohol For Public Tirade Against Kanye West: Not many people ap... 
#FPL Bent Open To Permanent Stay: Not only has he told Sky Sports, with what he told 'The Fantasy Football Clu... 
Andy Murray v Rafael Nadal: Madrid Open men's final – live!: Email les.roopanarine@theguardian.com wit... 
Overkill cut prices on Payday 2 and older DLC: Permanent price cuts on the base game and older downloa... 
Chris Ramsey: QPR 'nowhere near' Premier League quality - video: QPR manager Chris Ramsey says that ... 
Syria Might Be Hiding Chemical Weapons From International Inspectors: Syria Might Be Hiding Chemical... 
Relentless: In Putnam County, Georgia, everybody knows Howard Sills, and Howard Sills knows everybod... 
Faster-Than-Light Travel: Are We There Yet?: About that warp drive... 
The Rise Of 'Mama': I first noticed “mama” while pregnant with my son in 2012. I was browsing on the... 
Here It Is: The World's Most Pathetic Vending Machine: It's just a machine, but you almost feel bad ... 
It's Snowing In Denver In Mid-May For Mother's Day: “Just what I wanted!” — No Denver Mom Ever.

... 
VE Day 70th anniversary celebrations in pictures: In pics: Old soldiers and dignitaries join togethe... 
Doctors Group Recounts Migrant Rescue as E.U. Plans Crackdown on Smuggling Rings: An official with Doc... 
South Africa's Democratic Alliance elects Mmusi Maimane as its first black leader: South Africa's opposi... 
Horse racing tips: Monday 11 May: • Quick Defence earns the nap vote in Windsor’s 6.50 race• Next best... 
Horse racing tips: Monday 11 May: • Quick Defence earns the nap vote in Windsor’s 6.50 race• Next best... 
Premier League TV viewers crave familiarity – not unpredictability: Research into Sky’s and BT’s live ... 
Chesterfield captain Ian Evatt ‘punched kicked and spat on’ by Preston fans: • Evatt alledgedly became... 
Chesterfield captain Ian Evatt ‘punched kicked and spat on’ by Preston fans: • Evatt alledgedly beca... 
Premier League TV viewers crave familiarity – not unpredictability: Research into Sky’s and BT’s liv... 
QPR look like a pub team but it would be harsh to blame Chris Ramsey: The QPR manager took on an imp... 
Ajax players led out of tunnel by their own mothers for Eredivisie game: • Players accompanied onto ... 
26 Absolutely Stunning Paper Flower DIYs: No water necessary.

 Jenny Chang /... 
People Are Using #SorryMom To Confess Their Hilarious Sins On Mother's Day: “Sorry for all the dead inse... 
China win chess World Team Championships: China cruised to victory at the World Team Championships, whi... 
Alcohol infographic: Tags. 1 alcohol; 1 infographic. Infographic to show the amount of different ... 
70 years on: the liberation of the concentration camps: For survivors of the Nazi concentration camps, ... 
Parkour runner jumps between skyscraper ledges at dizzying height: Stomach-turning video of man jum... 
#EPL QPR Relegated From English Soccer's Premier League: Queens Park Rangers have been relegated fro... 
#EPL Sergio Aguero Hat-Trick Knocks QPR Out of Premier League: Manchester City crushed QPR 6-0 to du... 
#EPL Chelsea vs. Liverpool Live Stream: Watch Online Streaming English Premier League Match Reds: St... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool 2015 Score Heats up English Premier League EPLTable: ST LOUIS (LALATE) – C... 
#EPL Daniel Amartey is just not ready for English Premier League: FC Copenhagen coach Stale Solbakke... 
Diablo 3's Crusader is heading to Heroes of the Storm: Along with Warcraft baddie Kael'thas. 
British sports cars booked by French helicopter for racing: Gendarmes swoop after off-duty officer oveta... 
If America really valued mothers, we wouldn’t treat them like this: Last Mother's Day, a video from ... 
Does the "winner" of Game of Thrones truly matter?: Every week, Todd VanDerWerff will be joined by t... 
31 Grad Party Ideas You'll Want To Steal Immediately: You’ll be ~grad~ you tried these out.

... 
28 Of The Most Beautiful Quotes For Mother's Day: Wonderful quotes for wonderful moms.

... 
Missing the Point? The Reddit 'Button' and Public Policy: Missing the Point? The Reddit 'Button' and... 
Girl Writer: How Will I Know if I Want to Be a Mother?: 
[body_image width='1400' height='933' path... 
EXCLUSIVE! Real Housewives Of Atlanta's Kenya Moore Calls Co-Star NeNe Leakes An 'A-Hole ...: Luckily f... 
Former CBK Governor Philip Ndegwa: The first Kenyan to 'bank a billion': Forbes had two names: politici... 
Huduma Kenya wins United Nations Public Service Award: Huduma Kenya has won the most prestigious intern... 
The Writer Behind The Weirdest Tech Erotica You've Ever Read: Have you wondered what it’s like to ge... 
How Trolls Chip Away At Women: "Having our appearances picked apart endlessly online by strange and ... 
#EPL Manchester City 6 QPR 0, match report: Sergio Aguero scores hat-trick in rout to relegate visit... 
'SNL' Nails Terrible High School Theatre Shows: The all-black outfits, the social messages lacking i... 
Paper plane flyers compete in world championships - video: Finalists compete in the fourth annual Pape... 
#EPL QPR relegated from Premier League after 6-0 loss at Man City: Manchester City's James Milner, r... 
#EPL Football: QPR relegated from English Premier League: LONDON (AFP) - Queens Park Rangers were re... 
#EPL Starting XI: Chelsea v Liverpool: New Premier League champions, Chelsea, will take on Champions... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool Live: English Barclays Premier League: Jose Mourinho has made five changes... 
Every Time Owen Wilson Has Said 'Wow' On Camera: Whatever your opinion on Wilson's acting chops, the... 
The Greatest Hitter Who Ever Lived On: Ted Williams' ambitions shaped his legacy but wrecked his rel... 
If Squids Ruled Earth, What Would Their Cars Be Like?: It’s a question a child might ask, but not a ... 
A High School Principal Has Apologized After Making Racist Remarks At Graduation: Nancy Gordeuk’s commen... 
27 Low-Carb Versions Of Your Favorite Comfort Food: Cheese is better than bread, anyway.

... 
Logan Roots returns from run-cation in Kenya: A Yukon runner has been keeping pace with some of the wor... 
#MatchReport Manchester City 6-0 QPR | Premier League match report: When the endgame arrived, QPR po... 
Royal Challengers Bangalore’s AB De Villiers batters Mumbai Indians: • Mumbai Indians 196-7; Royal Cha... 
The 18 best YA books of 2015: The must-read young adult fiction (YA) and best teen books released in 20... 
Chelsea v Liverpool: Premier League – live!: Live updates as the champions take on Liverpool at home... 
QPR relegated by crushing defeat to Manchester City and Sergio Agüero: When the endgame arrived, QPR... 
Chennai Super Kings v Rajasthan Royals: IPL 2015 – live!: Latest updates as CSK take on the RoyalsEmai... 
Chelsea v Liverpool: Premier League – live!: Live updates as the champions take on Liverpool at homeEm... 
QPR relegated by crushing defeat to Manchester City and Sergio Agüero: When the endgame arrived, QPR p... 
#EPL Pearson hails Cambiasso impact: ... even told reporters last month that helping the Foxes secur... 
LGBT Families Share Why It's Important To Celebrate All Mothers: The first maternity line for queer, mas... 
17 Easy Breakfasts You Can Make In A Muffin Tin: All mornings should start with a dozen French toast cup... 
Cable news is in trouble, and it’s more about the news than the cable: Cable news is in trouble. The... 
Polish presidential election: legalise child pornography and scrap benefits, promises candidate: Polish ... 
Five shot dead in 'domestic dispute' in Switzerland: Police were called to a home in Wuerenlingen after ... 
#MatchReport Chelsea v Liverpool: Premier League – live! | Ian McCourt: Live updates as the champion... 
#MatchReport Preston North End 3-0 Chesterfield (Preston win 4-0 on agg) | League One play-off semi-... 
Preston halfway to heaven as Jermaine Beckford lays Chesterfield low: Jermaine Beckford stole the show... 
Preston halfway to heaven as Jermaine Beckford lays Chesterfield low: Jermaine Beckford stole the sh... 
'SNL' Nails Terrible High School Theatre Shows: The all-black outfits, the social messages lacking i... 
A Bearded "Hipster Cop" From The Protests In London Has Become A Huge Meme: This policeman’s moustache h... 
How Baltimore invented neighborhood segregation: A lot has been written about Baltimore recently, bu... 
Feature: Chinese working mothers in Kenya retain family bond despite hectic schedules: "I have lived in... 
New weigh bridges to ease Kenya flow: MOMBASA, Kenya - The government is successfully implementing high... 
Mark Sampson to name England squad for Women’s World Cup on Monday: • Coach to announce 23-player sq... 
Marvel vs. DC Comics: The Memes You Need to See: Superman? Hulk? Spider-Man? Superboy? Batman? Captain A... 
Mark Sampson to name England squad for Women’s World Cup on Monday: • Coach to announce 23-player squa... 
Bits Blog: An Obama Plan to Stop Foreign Hackers Has Mixed Results: The Obama administration’s two... 
Baclayon powers 4-gold sweep in chess at Palaro: Baclayon, after leading the Northern Mindanao's elemen... 
Chess master to take on all comers in Arlington: U.S. chess master and Thomas Jefferson High School for... 
The ultimate package holiday: Chinese billionaire takes 6,400 staff to France: Large phalanxes of blue-c... 
Moscow celebrates World War Two victory anniversary: Watch as Moscow celebrates the World War Two victor... 
Anna Jarvis Was Sorry She Ever Invented Mother’s Day: The woman who devoted herself to the creation ... 
How one woman's obsession made Mother's Day last: Mother's Day has its rituals: little kids make mom... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool Live Streaming &amp; TV Information: Watch English Premier League Live: Newly ... 
Find This Plant And You'll Have A Good Chance Of Finding Diamonds: A rare African plant can serve as... 
B&amp;O Play: a grown-up audio brand for the smartphone generation: B&amp;O Play is Bang &amp; Olufson's faste... 
Upgraded Tanzania-Kenya post opened: TMEA has supervised the completion of the state-of-art structure a... 
David Cameron's cabinet - in pictures: We take a closer look at the candidates as David Cameron's ca... 
Zambians in tough Egyptian chess meet: TOP chess players representing Zambia at the on-going African In... 
#EPL Arsenal vs Swansea, match preview of the Premier League game on Monday: The essential informati... 
A 5-Year-Old Girl Describes What Life Is Like In Nepal After The Earthquake: “I was shaking and I was sc... 
VIDEO: Prince Harry holds 100-year-old lizard: Prince Harry has a close encounter with a 100-year-old tu... 
Mumbai Indians v Royal Challengers Bangalore: IPL 2015 – live!: Latest updates as RCB face MumbaiEmail... 
Manly's Willie Mason laughs off Korbin Sims' on-field genital pinch: Mason grabbed by former team-mate... 
Here's What Happens When You Eat 31 Packets Of Taco Bell's Hottest Hot Sauce: Spoiler alert: It does not... 
17 Things You Missed In "Legally Blonde": Bend and snap forever.

This massiv... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool Live Stream Result and English Premier League Scores 2015: Live score upda... 
#EPL Manchester City vs Queens Park Rangers Live: English Premier League: Manchester City vs Queens ... 
Manchester City v QPR: Premier League – live!: Latest updates as the QPR battle for survivalEmail mich... 
QPR’s Sandro ruled out of Manchester City clash with visa issues: • Midfielder had been due to start a... 
Spanish Grand Prix: F1 – live!: Latest updates as Nico Rosberg starts on pole with Lewis Hamilton seco... 
Manchester City v QPR: Premier League – live!: Latest updates as the QPR battle for survivalEmail mi... 
Is It Child Abuse To Use Drugs While Pregnant?: In an effort to protect children in the midst of add... 
Senators Troll Terrorists As Social Media Fuels Recruitment: The Homeland Security Committee wants to fi... 
Which Movie Mom Are You Actually?: Are you a regular mom, or are you a ~cool mom~?

  
#MatchReport Manchester City v QPR: Premier League – live!: Latest updates as the QPR battle for sur... 
Kenan Evren, former Turkish president dies, aged 97: Evren led 1980 coup and was sentenced to life jail ... 
QPR’s Sandro ruled out of Manchester City clash with visa issues: • Midfielder had been due to start... 
Amazing bars to drink at before you die: Bucket lists at the ready. Here are 23 of the greatest bars... 
German measles is 'offensive' to the Germans warns WHO: The World Health Organisation has warned th... 
Tourists flee black bears in Yellowstone National Park, US: Dramatic footage shows tourists running... 
The Animal Kingdom’s Most Devoted (And Disturbing) Mothers: There are some seriously bizarre---and devoted---m... 
How We Can Use Livestreaming Apps to Promote Justice: What we’ve learned about how livestreaming can be used f... 
The Kodak Film That’s Been Capturing History for 61 Years: For 61 years, this workhorse of photojournalism has... 
Here Are Your WIRED Star Wars Challenges for the Week: Until Star Wars: The Force Awakens hits theaters, we're... 
Spooky Quantum Action Might Hold the Universe Together: Tensor networks could connect space-time froth to quan... 
Byron's Letters and Journals: a New Selection ed by Richard Lansdown, review: 'extraordinary prose': By... 
Mark Ravenhill on Kafka's The Trial: 'about as pessimistic as it gets': Mark Ravenhill reflects on how ... 
#EPL Premier League: Chelsea vs Liverpool - LIVE: Chelsea host Liverpool in the 36th matchday of the... 
#EPL Watch English Premier League Live: Manchester City vs Queens Park Rangers Live Streaming ...: T... 
#EPL Premier League: Manchester City vs Queens Park Rangers - LIVE: Manchester City host Queens Park... 
Yorkshire drop Liam Plunkett over breach of team discipline: • Fast bowler missed a training session a... 
Global Soccer: Barcelona's Intriguing Tale of 2 Goalkeepers: Who ends up between the goal posts might ... 
Media storm erupts over Nigel Short's 'Vive la Difference' article: British chess grandmaster and one t... 
Undefeated Chinese girls defend title at 4th Go chess worlds: TAIZHOU, China, May 10 (Xinhua) -- After ... 
Claudico Supercomputer Uses AI To Challenge Some Of World's Best Poker Players: However, Sandholm expla... 
County cricket – live!: Latest updates from around the grounds with our writersStrauss gets director o... 
Toxic Waste Is Being Pumped Into California Water Supplies, Lawsuit Claims: 
 
A shut down injection we... 
Weird Things Couples Do To Get Pregnant: Let’s make a baby. Or die trying.

... 
Multiple tornados rip through Texas, US: Footage shows stormy weather as tornados tear through Texas, US... 
We asked our moms to explain motherhood. Here's what they said.: What is motherhood? We thought it w... 
Louis van Gaal lauds Manchester United's fighting spirit at Crystal Palace - video: The managers Lou... 
Two police officers shot and killed in Mississippi: Officers killed folllowing traffic stop 
Fly a modded chopper through Cities: Skylines: Alpha CityCoptermod turns you into a first-person helic... 
Athletics-World Challenge Meeting Tokyo men/women results: Carvin Nkanata (Kenya) 20.50 3. Xi... 
Louis van Gaal lauds Manchester United's fighting spirit at Crystal Palace - video: The managers Louis... 
West Coast finish strongly to bring down Port Adelaide and move into second: West Coast Eagles defeate... 
11 Indian Moms Told Us What They Really Wanted For Mother's Day: No clothes, no jewellery, no mugs… just... 
Al-Shabaab Leaflets Found in Western Kenya: Kenya has suffered spate of attacks since it sent its troop... 
In A Propaganda War, US Tried To Play By The Enemy’s Rules: A revealing look at the propaganda war t... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool, Premier League: live: Premier League, Chelsea vs Liverpool - Latest score... 
#EPL Chelsea v Liverpool preview: Jose Mourinho looks to strengthen stunning record against 'big sid... 
VIDEO: Actress cries reading WW2 letter: Actress Jane Horrocks is overcome with emotion at a VE Day conc... 
Mrudul, Tanya share lead in Nagpur district chess selection tournament: NAGPUR: Mrudul Dehankar and Tan... 
Infographic reveals how to get over your fear of flying: The infographic, prepared by FlyHomeLLC,... 
Can You Match These Props To The Correct Movie?: Just how much of a cinephile are you? Take the test to ... 
Priyanka Chopra Is About To Be An American TV Lead And Here's How She Feels About It: “This is a whole n... 
Apple’s Beats deal finally starts to make some sense: A year ago, Apple bought headphone company B... 
The Slow Movement advances into reading and journalism: In an age of tech acceleration and the nee... 
These 11-Year-Old And 14-Year-Old Dancers Totally Destroy "IDFWU": Taylor Hatala has teamed up with 14-y... 
Obama, come to Kenya; Rotberg, take a hike: Kenyans know full well that the ICC is a political... 
Kenya: Ex-minister John Keen in another major land deal: “…the NLC intends to acquire additional land p... 
Manly pair inspire Sea Eagles to comfortable win over Newcastle Knights: Manly Sea Eagles 30-10 Newcas... 
VIDEO: Deadly tornadoes rip across US states: One person has died and a number of others are missing aft... 
The Admiral of the String Theory Wars: After a decade, Peter Woit still thinks string theory is a go... 
32 Essential Asian-American Writers You Need To Be Reading: You’re going to need a bigger bookshelf.

... 
#EPL Burnley FC vs Hull City: Burnley down despite battling win at Hull: Hull city vs burnley, engli... 
Meme: Jamie Dornan Offered Big Money For Peen, Big Bird Makes You Cry, Zac Efron's Butt Double: Jamie Do... 
"Empathy Cards" Say The Brutally Honest Things Sick People Want To Hear: “When someone you love gets sic... 
What’s this pedal for? Driving lessons for youngsters: Would you let a pair of 13-year-olds loose ... 
VIDEO: Gunfire as Macedonia police killed: Police in Macedonia are continuing to search a town close to ... 
Infographic: Cut down risk of traveler's diarrhea: Infographic: Cut down risk of traveler's diarr... 
11 Celebrity #TBT Photos You May Have Missed This Week: Madonna planting a kiss on Keith Haring’s cheek ... 
Yemen: Saudi truce offer accepted by Yemen: Break in fighting will allow humanitarian aid to be delivered 
Shelby Lyman on Chess: The High Price of Cheating: Subject to such opprobrium, it is unlikely he will b... 
Storm-Weary Oklahoma Braces For More Tornadoes This Weekend: When spring arrives in Oklahoma and con... 
Which Supernatural Character Would You Revive?: It’s impossible to choose! WARNING: SPOILERS TO FOLLOW

... 
23 Things That Made '80s Kids Crap In Their Pants: Let’s be honest, they probably still give you nightma... 
VIDEO: Johannesburg CCTV beginning to deliver: CCTV cameras that were installed in Johannesburg many yea... 
MLS roundup: Columbus Crew earn statement-making win over Sounders: Columbus win home game against S... 
What's Your Favorite Female-Fronted Rock Band?: Who run the world? Girls!

  
#EPL Cesc Fabregas credits Jose Mourinho 'magic' for Chelsea's EPL title win: With three games to sp... 
Sports Briefing | Hockey: Canada Reaches World Quarterfinals: Canada overcame France to maintain a per... 
Sports Briefing | Cricket: England’s Coach Fired for a Second Time: Peter Moores was fired as coach of... 
Sports Briefing | Cycling: Orica Green-Edge Wins Giro Time Trial: Orica Green-Edge won the Giro d’Ital... 
Chris Pratt's High School Senior Photo Is Absolutely Adorkable: Stars, they really are just like us. Or ... 
Human Centipede III - the most abhorrent film ever?: What drives a man to make the 'most abhorrent f... 
The hitchhiking snakes of the Caribbean: The hitchhiking snakes that sneak under the bonnet 
What’s Wrong With Electric Bicycles?: A new electric bike — the Koben, from Karmic Bikes — promises ... 
Which Disney Sidekick Should Be Your BFF?: “I knew when I met you an adventure was going to happen.” —Wi... 
Gladwell Otieno's AFRICOG revives Uhuru Kenyatta's ICC case: Gladwell Otieno's AFRICOG revives... 
The Great Miracle weekend with ECC Dallas, ICC Dallas and FWM: The Great Miracle weekend with ... 
#EPL Crystal Palace vs. Manchester United Highlights And Score: 2015 Barclays Premier League Review:... 
15 Times "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" Perfectly Summed Up Life In Your Twenties: Unbreakable? Yeah, sure.... 
17 Cozy New Zealand Bars With A Fireplace You'll Need This Winter: There’s nothing better than an ice co... 
Good news for humans: Poker players beat artificial intelligence, for now: There is good news for peopl... 
#EPL Newcastle United vs. West Bromwich Albion Highlights And Score: 2015 Barclays Premier League ..... 
Things Filipino Moms Say Vs. What They Actually Mean: 25 nanay expressions, translated.

... 
Contenders Crowd Lead in Deep Field at the Players Championship: Justin Thomas’s seven-under-par 65 in... 
Real Things All Couples Do: “I’m sorry.”

 BuzzFeed Violet / Via y 
Where Would The Kardashians Be Without Kris Jenner?: The mother, and manager, of reality TV’s most f... 
Part of nuclear plant outside New York City shut after transformer fire: Locals report seeing smoke bill... 
GM Irina Krush on a Walk Through the Elementary Nationals: The only thing is that in chess there is no ... 
#EPL Everton vs. Sunderland Highlights And Score: 2015 Barclays Premier League Review: Sunderland de... 
This Dude Who Photographs His Girlfriend Around The World Has Outdone Himself In India: The duo travel t... 
Rapid Chess: Alex, Aerosmith, Yohenba leads the pack: Imphal, May 09 2015 : KH Alex; GA Aerosmith and N... 
National open chess tourney begins: An all-India FIDE rated open chess tournament began at Tavanur on S... 
Chess tournament in Madurai: Velammal College of Engineering and Technology here plans to conduct the 2... 
Celebrity Age Gaps You Won't Believe: How do these age gaps make you feel?

... 
21 Times Your Mom Was The Frickin' Best: NO ONE compares to your Mama.

Alright, so a LOT... 
Mudavadi questions authenticity of opinion polls: He said Kenyan political parties need to re-think “th... 
VIDEO: Young Dancer winner steps up: The winner of the first BBC Young Dancer 2015 competition has been ... 
Football news in brief: • Lee Clarke quits as manager of beleaguered Blackpool• Rangers beat Queen o... 
European roundup: • Real Madrid pursuit of Barcelona for La Liga title stumbles badly• Bayern Munich... 
Saturday Sundae: Steve Bruce the renaissance man and David Cameron’s mixed emotions: Steve Bruce sla... 
Robbie Rogers calls for bans over homophobia in sports stadiums: • Rogers points to Out on the Field... 
Kolkata Knight Riders beat Kings XI Punjab after Andre Russell’s superb 51: • Kings XI Punjab 183-5; K... 
Sergio García moves into contention in tight Players Championship battle: • Sergio García unhappy with... 
UK stadiums are a haunt for homophobia - on the pitch and in the stands: Out on the Fields survey into... 
Meet Peter Siddle – the shih-tzu-stroking, penguin-loving Aussie hardman: As he looks to secure a plac... 
23 Perfectly Valid Reasons To Buy Yourself Flowers: Someone’s got to do it.

Because you ... 
What It's Like To Fall In A Love As A Grown-Up: Episode 1 of Real Mature, a new show from BuzzFeed Motio... 
Yahoo Sues Ex-Staffer Claiming She Gave Secrets To Writer: Yahoo! sued a former employee over claims... 
#EPL English Premier League Table Standings: Chelsea Wins Barclays EPL Title, Blues First Over Man .... 
#EPL English Premier League: Anichebe scores; Aluko drops into relegation zone: Saturday's English P... 
Fans Take The Selena Quiz And This Is What Happened: What does “Bidi Bidi Bom Bom” really mean?

... 
People Think This Photo Found In An Attic Shows An Alien Body Recovered From A UFO Crash: The picture ha... 
Which Disney Kingdom Should You Live In?: Everything the light touches will be yours.

... 
Kenya opens forensics and genetics lab to fight poaching: NAIROBI, Kenya, May 9 (UPI) -- After three ye... 
Manchester City reject dreaming of second chance: After leaving Manchester this year, Albert Rusnak is... 
Anthony Joshua beats Raphael Zumbano Love with quick knockout: • Olympic gold medallist warms up for K... 
Juventus hope cup run will honour memory of ‘forgotten’ Heysel disaster victims: Thirty years after a ... 
Armed clashes on Macedonia-Kosovo border: reports of police deaths: Macedonian authorities say armed gro... 
#EPL Manuel Pellegrini insists he 'doesn't need new contract' to end uncertainty over future at Man ... 
#EPL Jose Mourinho says it will be 'impossible' to emulate the Fergie and Wenger years: Chelsea coac... 
Who Are You Supporting In The One Direction Twitter War Of 2015?: ATTENTION ONE DIRECTION NATION.

... 
If Famous Paintings Guest Starred On TV Shows: Special appearances by Renaissance babies and impressioni... 
Lacrosse Goaltender Runs The Length Of The Field To Score Goal: After intercepting a shovel pass, Un... 
Jameis Winston files counterclaim against rape accuser Erica Kinsman: Quarterback says rape accuser is... 
Plymouth’s late rally against Wycombe keeps their play-off hopes alive: Wycombe bolstered their reputa... 
Jordan Ibe the family man becoming a fixture in the Liverpool clan: Having made a real mark returning ... 
Francis Coquelin is the new Arsenal king of counter-bling: The French tyro has proved the surprise jok... 
Juventus hope cup run will honour memory of ‘forgotten’ Heysel disaster victims: Thirty years after ... 
17 Helpful Diagrams For People Who Truly Love Meat: Get ready to be a meat genius.

For y... 
How Well Do You Know The "Taken" Phone Speech?: Good luck.

  
#EPL Premier League : Burnley down, Man United consolidate fourth spot: Manchester United's Dutch mi... 
#EPL Crystal Palace vs. Manchester United: Winners and Losers from Premier League: Manchester United... 
#EPL Football: Burnley relegated from EPL, United near Champions League spot: Burnley players applau... 
#EPL Man United wins to close in on Champions League return; Burnley relegated from Premier League: ... 
#EPL Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini sinks Crystal Palace to boost top-four hopes: ... to beli... 
#MatchReport Plymouth 2-3 Wycombe  | Division Two play-off semi-final match report: Wycombe bolstere... 
CORD faces unity test as principals eye presidential ticket: Opposition leaders (from left) Kalonzo Mus... 
Kenya's centre fails to hold in Glasgow Sevens: Kenya will, however, not feel hard done by the victorie... 
Plymouth’s late rally against Wycombe keeps their play-off hopes alive: Continue reading... 
Arsène Wenger: ‘Our problem this season is Chelsea had no real blip’: • Arsenal, playing Swansea on ... 
Jordan Ibe the family man becoming a fixture in the Liverpool clan: Having made a real mark returnin... 
Francis Coquelin is the new Arsenal king of counter-bling: The French tyro has proved the surprise j... 
Newcastle’s John Carver glad to end losing run after ‘toughest week of my life’: • Ayoze Pérez goal ... 
Prince Releases Tribute Song For Baltimore: Almost unsurprisingly, Prince recorded all the instrumen... 
Big Premiership finish ahead for Exeter as Dave Ewers targets Saracens: Exeter Chiefs find themselves ... 
How brushstrokes helped balm the scars of Bradford City fire: A survivor of the terrible Bradford City... 
Barcelona’s mighty Lionel Messi ready for encore against Bayern Munich: At the very top of his game fo... 
21 Kids Who Regret Everything: You win some, you lose some.

 BuzzFeed Vi... 
These Are The Five Mother Sauces Every Cook Should Know: Master these sauces, then conquer the world. (O... 
How $45 worth of drugs landed a Baltimore man 20 years in prison: Maryland District Judge Askew Gate... 
Rafael Nadal Reaches Madrid Open Final, Gaining Momentum on Clay: Rafael Nadal defeated Tomas Berdych,... 
Denise McCluggage, Auto Racing Pacesetter, Dies at 88: A racer and a journalist, Ms. McCluggage shatte... 
The Subway Slaying That Wasn't A Crime: Gilbert Drogheo was shot and killed on the mezzanine of the ... 
Lacrosse Goaltender Runs The Length Of The Field To Score Goal: After intercepting a shovel pass, Un... 
How brushstrokes helped balm the scars of Bradford City fire: A survivor of the terrible Bradford Ci... 
Barcelona’s mighty Lionel Messi ready for encore against Bayern Munich: At the very top of his game ... 
Britain celebrates the 70th anniversary of VE Day, in pictures: In pics: Britain celebrates the 70th... 
Real Madrid held to draw by Valencia after Cristiano Ronaldo penalty miss: Real Madrid’s hopes of over... 
Andy Murray beats Kei Nishikori to face Rafael Nadal in Madrid Open final: • British No1 beats Japanes... 
We Cared For Robot Babies Overnight And It Was Absolute Hell: Raising babies, raising hell. Part 3 of Th... 
The 21 greatest graduation speeches of the last 50 years:  
#MatchReport Real Madrid 2-2 Valencia | La Liga match report: Real Madrid’s hopes of overhauling La ... 
VIDEO: Diplomats who survived helicopter crash: Two foreign envoys who survived the helicopter crash spo... 
16 Muslim Preachers detained in Kenya: Police in Kenya's Marsabit County have arrested 16 Muslim preach... 
Real Housewives of Atlanta Kenya Moore, Phaedra Parks &amp; Apollo love triangle.: (
Real Madrid held to draw by Valencia after Cristiano Ronaldo penalty miss: Continue reading... 
John Urschel: COMPETING I competed in my first-ever chess tournament not long ago. It was the Pittsburg... 
Perfect endgame play, longest direct mate: The temptation is too great to fire up your chess engine and... 
Comics: Blood Lady Commandos: A Fortress of Gawdiness: [body_image width='1000' height='5079' path='... 
Delivering Pizza Is One of the Most Dangerous Jobs in America: Delivering Pizza Is One of the Most D... 
A Young Woman's Death Sparked Riots in a Kurdish City in Iran: A Young Woman's Death Sparked Riots i... 
31 Clever Ways To Clean All Of The Stubbornly Dirty Things: Prepare the white vinegar.

... 
Marco Rubio has a plan to fight jihadists with "Taken" memes: Today, Marco Rubio rolled out some of ... 
Roundup: Late Header Lifts United to First Win in 4 Games: Marouane Fellaini headed in a late winner a... 
#EPL Palace Mistake Hands Man United Win: A mistake by Crystal Palace goalkeeper Julian Speroni hand... 
#EPL Man United close to Champions League return, Burnley down: Manchester United's Marouane Fellain... 
#EPL EPL: Fellaini heads winner as Manchester United beat Crystal Palace 2-1: Fellaini headed in a l... 
#EPL Crystal Palace v Manchester United - key match statistics: Watch this video which breaks down t... 
#MatchReport Barcelona 2-0 Real Sociedad | La Liga match report: Barcelona moved within touching dis... 
37 Insanely Clever Organization Tips To Make Your Family's Lives Easier: How to control the chaos when y... 
35 Unbelievable Literary-Inspired Nursery Ideas: Let the words be your guide.

Start at t... 
The Betrayal Of Brazil: As a massive corruption scandal unfolds, Brazilians are facing some stark tr... 
The Mysterious Blogger Chronicling Every 'Real World' House: Exactly 30 times over the past 23 years... 
Prince Releases Tribute Song For Baltimore: Almost unsurprisingly, Prince recorded all the instrumen... 
Barcelona edge past Real Sociedad thanks to Neymar and Pedro: Continue reading... 
Brittney Griner marries fellow WNBA star Glory Johnson in Phoenix: The wedding comes less than a month... 
Tiger Woods falls apart again in dismal third round at Players Championship: • Third-round 75 wrecks T... 
What Your Preferred Way To Get Drunk Says About You: Remember, kids, moderation is key.

  
21 Extravagant Ensembles For The Fanciest Dog You Know: Amazingly absurd, or absurdly amazing?

... 
Juventus held to a surprise draw by relegation-threatened Cagliari: Champions Juventus were held to ... 
#MatchReport Juventus 1-1 Cagliari | Serie A match report: Champions Juventus were held to a surpris... 
#MatchReport PSG on verge of Ligue 1 title after Lyon slump to Caen’s Benezet: Paris St Germain are ... 
Jubilee must distance itself from claims of links with drug barons: Methinks — as do all rational obser... 
VIDEO Watch Kenya Moore's show Life Twirls On now!: The wait is over! The Real Housewives of Atlanta's ... 
Catalans Dragons edge out St Helens with brilliant late Zeb Taia try: Catalans Dragons 33-26 St Helens... 
PSG on verge of Ligue 1 title after Lyon slump to Caen’s Benezet: Paris St Germain are almost certain ... 
The Agenda: England Women name World Cup squad as Pavey targets Rio: England will announce squad for W... 
New Zealand youngster Ben Wheeler shines against Somerset to spark debate: • New Zealand 237 &amp; 149-3; ... 
Chelsea Clinton is no longer off limits: If Chelsea is the heir apparent, it is only fair to judge her a... 
Russia's Victory Day Parade marks new East-West divide: President Vladimir Putin criticises "unipolar wo... 
owning a video store in the age of Netflix: Not everyone remembers the video store of their youth. B... 
PSG on verge of Ligue 1 title after Lyon slump to Caen’s Benezet: Continue reading... 
Steve Bruce blames himself for Hull City’s poor performance against Burnley: • Hull City find themse... 
Manchester City should resist sniping of Yaya Touré’s agent: The unfairly maligned Ivorian is still ... 
Manchester United’s Marouane Fellaini sinks Crystal Palace to boost top-four hopes: Manchester Unite... 
16 Tricks To Making Your Lips Look Full: Surgery? Nope.

To prep lips, apply lip balm or ... 
Can You Decipher The Lyrics To These Popular Songs?: But, seriously, what did Iggy Azalea just say?

... 
NASCAR Targets Kids With The Spongebob Squarepants 400: Later today, the Kansas Speedway will host t... 
The Forgotten Marvels Of 'Second Life': Thanks in part to a growing reputation as a haven for trolls... 
#EPL Crystal Palace 1 Manchester United 2: five things we learned: Ashley Young could save Louis van... 
#EPL Back To The Bottom: Burnley Relegated From English Premier League: Despite winning 1-0 at Hull ... 
#EPL Burnley relegated from English Premier League: Burnley were relegated from the English Premier ... 
#MatchReport Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United | Premier League match report: Manchester United a... 
19 Secrets Any Facebook User Won’t Tell You: How the hell did I end up on my old teacher’s cousin’s Face... 
Costco Alcohol Vs. Brand-Name Alcohol: Some say Costco liquor is as good or even better than their brand... 
Sunrisers Hyderabad survive late fightback to eliminate Delhi Daredevils: • Sunrisers 163-4; Daredevil... 
Can a computer beat one of the world's best poker players?: Strategy games such as chess have long been... 
VIDEO: Liberation Day remembered in Jersey: Thousands of people turned out for one of the biggest Libera... 
Should developers be allowed to issue bans on Steam?: Today, Evan and Tyler argue over Valve’s decisio... 
An App That Helps Drivers Earn the Most From Their Trips: A free analytics site allows drivers to ... 
22 Kid Fashion Tips That Will Change Your Life: Under five and looking fly.

Wear T-shirt... 
Plane crashes on Atlanta highway killing four people: Footage captured by a motorist shows a plane on fi... 
Real Madrid v Valencia: La Liga – live!: Minute-by-minute updates from the Bernabéu clashEmail your th... 
Sale’s Mark Cueto enjoys home farewell at expense of Newcastle: • Sale 34-28 NewcastleMark Cueto has n... 
UK Police Smash Counterfeit Networking Tech Ring: Three men have been arrested in the UK for dealing... 
Owning A Video Store In The Age Of Netflix: What must a video rental shop do to stay open in 2015? W... 
Taylor Swift on her favorite internet meme, emojis and tv show to binge watch: From her favorite interne... 
19 Faces Everyone Who Works Weekends Will Immediately Recognise: I dare you to say ‘TGIF’ again.

... 
23 Cats Who Forgot To Put Their Tongue Away: When a cat leaves its tongue hanging out, the world is brig... 
Watch Derrick Rose's Game-Winning Bank Shot In Super Slow Motion: Last night, Chicago Bulls guard De... 
Million Moms March: how moms of police shooting victims are spending Mother's Day weekend: While som... 
#EPL Leicester beat Southampton to boost EPL survival bid: LEICESTER: Leicester won their sixth Engl... 
#EPL Watch English Premier League Online: Chelsea vs Liverpool: Already crowned as this year's Premi... 
#EPL Watch English Premier League Online: Manchester City vs Queens Park Rangers: In the closing sta... 
#EPL EPL round-up: Burnely relegated despite win, Stoke dominates Spurs: Burnley were relegated from... 
#EPL Burnley relegated from Premier League despite Hull win: Danny Ings' second-half winner was not ... 
The class of 2015: from Tunisia and Thailand, and Kenya and Kurdistan: Thousands descended on Parliamen... 
19 Responses To JK Rowling's Tweets About Scottish Politics From Confused Harry Potter Fans: “Why did yo... 
15 Coupons Your Mom Deserves This Mother's Day: “My mama’s nickname is COUPON QUEEEENNN!” — The Great Ho... 
Ray Romano Makes An Emotional Goodbye To David Letterman: Ray tries to keep it together for his fare... 
#EPL Newcastle United 1 West Brom 1, match report: Ayoze Perez goal hands lucky Newcastle Premier Le... 
#EPL Aston Villa 1 West Ham 0, match report: Tom Cleverley continues his and Villa's renaissance wit... 
VIDEO: V Day celebration outside Bolshoi Theatre: Russians took to the streets outside the Bolshoi Theat... 
In pictures: 10 habits that have disappeared in modern Britain: From washing the car by hand to doin... 
ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda warns Burundian leaders over violence: ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bens... 
Scottish roundup: Davidson’s strike keeps St Johnstone in Europa hunt: • Alloa and Forfar reach Cham... 
Real Madrid v Valencia: La Liga – live!: Minute-by-minute updates from the Bernabéu clashEmail your ... 
Your Cyberpunk Games Are Dangerous: How roleplaying games and fantasy fiction confounded the FBI, co... 
People Think This Photo Found In An Attic Shows An Alien Body Recovered From A UFO Crash: The pictur... 
Watch Derrick Rose's Game-Winning Bank Shot In Super Slow Motion: Last night, Chicago Bulls guard De... 
Second Briton confirmed dead in Nepal earthquake: Matthew Carapiet, a graduate of the University of Nott... 
Aidan O’Brien lifts Lingfield trial but all Derby clues point to York: • Kilimanjaro wins trial but co... 
Taylor Swift's Favorite Internet Meme Is About to Be Your Favorite Internet Meme: Taylor Swift recently ... 
After Ebola Outbreak, Liberian Churches Confront Crisis of Faith: Churches have been holding special p... 
Can You Guess The Movie From The One-Star Review?: “Too many monsters.” H/T @AmznMovieRevws

  
This Science-Inspired Paper Art Is As Gorgeous As It Is Intricate: Artist Rogan Brown’s sculptures are a... 
Infographic: Sounders v. Columbus Crew: The Sounders face the Columbus Crew on the road. We have ... 
19 Things Girls Who Never Wear Heels Understand: All heels hurt and anyone who says otherwise must be ly... 
15 Things You Probably Didn't Know About A$AP Rocky: “I used to be proud of my Old Navy, man.”

... 
Edward Ofere’s goal secures first European foray for Inverness: Continue reading... 
Crystal Palace v Manchester United: Premier League – live!: Minute-by-minute updates of the Selhurst P... 
Rafael Nadal eases past Tomas Berdych to reach Madrid Open final: • Spaniard wins 7-6 6-1 against sixt... 
#EPL Newcastle snatches point vs Burnley to end losing streak: West Bromwich Albion's Victor Anicheb... 
#EPL Stoke Thrash Tottenham: Stoke 3-0 Tottenham: Charlie Adam put the Potters in front in the 21st ... 
#EPL Burnley relegated from Premier League despite win at Hull: Hull City's Robbie Brady takes a fre... 
#EPL Stoke beats Tottenham 3-0 in Premier League: Stoke City's Mame Diouf, center, scores their thir... 
#EPL Burnley relegated from the Premier League: English Premier League · Aston Villa 1–0 West Ham: C... 
#MatchReport Dundee 0-1 Inverness | Scottish Premiership match report: Inverness will play in Europe... 
#MatchReport Newcastle United 1-1 West Bromwich Albion | Premier League match report: There have bee... 
#MatchReport Aston Villa 1-0 West Ham United | Premier League match report: The Tim Sherwood effect ... 
#MatchReport Stoke City 3-0 Tottenham Hotspur | Premier League match report: Tottenham barely raised... 
#MatchReport Leicester City 2-0 Southampton | Premier League match report: Nigel Pearson is taking u... 
Newcastle end losing streak as Ayoze Pérez goal earns draw with West Brom: There have been so many c... 
Aston Villa take step toward safety with confident display against West Ham: The Tim Sherwood effect... 
Stoke’s Mame Biram Diouf completes simple win over 10-man Tottenham: Continue reading... 
Kenya's national U-23 team beat Botswana 4-1 but fails on away goal rule: After Olunga's goal, Mpho Kga... 
Insane Kids With GoPros (And No Safety Equipment): You may remember the group of Ukranian students f... 
Free games of the week: Medicinal rhythm, baby's first house fire, accomplished dungeoneering and more. 
UN inspectors find undeclared sarin-linked chemicals at Syrian military site: Revelation comes in wake o... 
Spain plane crash: emergency crews find wreckage: Emergency services find wreckage from a military trans... 
Living on an Alien Planet: Exoplanet Kepler-186f (Infographic): Located 500 light-years from Eart... 
Oprah Winfrey: One Of The World's Best Neoliberal Capitalist Thinkers: Oprah is one of a new group o... 
Don't Screw Up Mother's Day: Moms are essential. Without them, we’d all be just masses of genetic ma... 
Jameis Winston Files Counterclaim, Denies He Raped Woman: Attorneys for No. 1 NFL pick Jameis Winsto... 
Burnley are relegated despite Danny Ings sealing win at Hull: Continue reading... 
Barcelona v Real Sociedad: La Liga – live!: Email Bryan at bryan.graham@theguardian.comOr tweet him ... 
Giro d’Italia: Simon Gerrans takes pink jersey after team time trial: • Injury prone Australian clocks... 
Barcelona v Real Sociedad: La Liga – live!: Email Bryan at bryan.graham@theguardian.comOr tweet him at... 
Jessica Ennis-Hill returns to the track but shows rust over hurdles: • 25,000 people flocked to Deansg... 
#EPL Chelsea transfer news: I won't allow Petr Cech to sign for a rival Premier League clubs, reveal... 
#EPL Mourinho Strongly Against Selling Cech, Not Even to an EPL Rival: Jose Mourinho is adamant Petr... 
#MatchReport Hull City 0-1 Burnley | Premier League match report: So Burnley are down, but they did ... 
Facts That'll Teach You A Damn Thing: The American flag was designed by A KID?!

... 
Which "Melrose Place" Bitch Are You?: “Mondays are a bitch.” But so are you.

... 
China Is Becoming Russia's Economic 'Loan Shark': China Is Becoming Russia's Economic 'Loan Shark' 
A Brief History of 60 Years of (Fictional) Female and Minority Presidents: 
[body_image width='814'... 
Blitzbokke fight back to down Kenya: Cape Town - South Africa overcame a spirited Kenya side to win the... 
'Attracting Emirati talent is the big challenge': Dubai: Come May 16, the Dubai Chess and Cultural Club... 
Crystal Palace v Manchester United: Premier League – live!: Minute-by-minute updates of the Selhurst... 
Eggs and insults fly as Uber battles for the streets of Milan: Italy’s taxi drivers are up in arms... 
Cristiano Ronaldo donates £5m to Nepal aid fund after earthquake – reports: • Real Madrid star gives m... 
Andrew Strauss makes mark but ECB’s treatment of Peter Moores is shabby: The outlook was always grim f... 
The Adventures of Sir Thomas Browne in the 21st Century by Hugh Aldersey-Williams, review: 'idiosyncrat... 
There Is A Type Of Worm That Looks Like A Penis: And it has teeth.

This is a Priapulid. ... 
How "Pitch Perfect 2" Stacks Up Against The First Movie: TL;DR: The music is better and the comedy is wo... 
Cristiano Ronaldo donates £5m to Nepal aid fund after earthquake – reports: • Real Madrid star gives... 
Towerfall Dark World expansion releasing next week: Tuesday, to be precise. 
Snorkeller finds 'skeleton tea party' at bottom of Colorado River: Police responding to report of h... 
Mark Warburton warns Middlesbrough that Brentford are down but not out: • The Brentford manager is c... 
A Model Tells Us How Much She Really Makes: Hattie Watson on the art of hustle. 
Ray Romano Makes An Emotional Goodbye To David Letterman: Ray tries to keep it together for his fare... 
Infographic: Everything you could ever want to know about breasts: Well you might be surprised by... 
INFOGRAPHIC: Africa's food 'superpowers', including surprising winners from Sudan and ...: There ... 
Henrik Stenson plots a first major on ‘tricked-up links course’ in US Open: After struggling with a st... 
#EPL Sunderland flee drop zone after beating Everton: Scrappy second-half efforts from strikers Dann... 
#EPL Sunderland Down Toffees At Goodison Park: Second half goals from Danny Graham and Jermain Defoe... 
#EPL Crystal Palace vs. Manchester United: Live Score, Highlights from Premier League: Manchester Un... 
19 New York Street Foods You Need To Eat This Lifetime: Restaurants are so overrated.

... 
17 Celebrity Instagrams You Need To See This Week: ‘Twas a busy week of ‘gramming.

Miley... 
Delhi Daredevils v Sunrisers Hyderabad: IPL 2015 – live!: Live over-by-over updates from the Indian Pr... 
Sunderland’s Danny Graham finds scoring touch at last to stun Everton: Relegation battles sometimes in... 
Keighley expecting bumper crowd to pay tribute to Danny Jones: • Jones collapsed and died during match... 
Sunderland’s Danny Graham finds scoring touch at last to stun Everton: Relegation battles sometimes ... 
Ipswich’s Paul Anderson ensures play-off first leg with Norwich ends even: Suffolk and Norfolk are d... 
Can We Guess Your Taste In Food Based On Your Taste In Men?: Don’t let your taste go to waste.

  
Which "Twilight Zone" Episode Describes Your Love Life?: “That’s not fair… that’s not fair at all!”

... 
#MatchReport Everton 0-2 Sunderland | Premier League match report: Relegation battles sometimes invo... 
#MatchReport Ipswich Town 1-1 Norwich City | Championship play-off first leg match report: Suffolk a... 
8 questions about Netflix's Scrotal Recall you were too embarrassed to ask: As the old adage goes, y... 
#EPL Stoke City vs Tottenham Hotspur, Premier League: live: Premier League, Stoke City v Tottenham H... 
#EPL Leicester City vs Southampton, Premier League: live: Premier League, Leicester City v Southampt... 
#EPL Hull City vs Burnley, Premier League: live: Premier League, Hull City v Burnley - Latest score,... 
#EPL Newcastle United vs West Brom, Premier League: live: Premier League, Newcastle United v West Br... 
#EPL Aston Villa vs West Ham, Premier League: live: Premier League, Aston Villa v West Ham - Latest ... 
Liberia Is Free Of Ebola, World Health Organization Declares: The World Health Organization declared... 
North Korea Says It Tests Ballistic Missile From Submarine: North Korea said Saturday that it succes... 
Police Arrested In Freddie Gray Death Threaten To Sue State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby: Officers being... 
Russia Stages Massive WW2 Parade Despite Western Boycott: Russia staged its biggest military parade,... 
U2 Busks In The Subway In Disguise: With some cheap disguises Jimmy and U2 perform in Grand Central.... 
Andrew Strauss confirmed as director of England cricket by ECB: • Former captain ‘responsible for long... 
Hollande warns Cameron to respect EU 'rules' ahead of referendum: France's president has expressed his c... 
Military plane crashes during test flight near Seville: Military plane with seven on board crashes durin... 
VIDEO: Stage set for VE Day tribute: There will be a star-studded concert in London on Saturday to mark ... 
VIDEO: Parachute failure 'attempted murder': A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder af... 
The wisdom of CrowdMed: how one website is trying to solve medical mysteries: After Jared Heyman's l... 
Why daughters fight with their mothers: A Georgetown linguist explains: story,interview

Elizabeth B... 
#EPL English Premier League 2015 Ignites EPLTable Leicester City vs Southampton: ST LOUIS (LALATE) –... 
44 Celeb Moms Killing The Game: Happy Mother’s Day!

Drew Barrymore

 ins... 
Twitter Is Having Too Much Fun With #StarWarsRapNames: Oh, Twitter.

... 
Taylor Swift Releases Badass Character Posters For "Bad Blood" Music Video: The ultimate supervillain sq... 
Burundians in Kenya protest violence back home: Scores of Burundians living in Kenya took to the street... 
Okoa Kenya, the Referendum and the Constitution: Okoa Kenya finally released its draft Bill to amend th... 
Nico Rosberg snaps Lewis Hamilton’s run to take F1 Spanish GP pole: • Rosberg denies Mercedes team-mat... 
Premier League clockwatch – live!: Key action from the 3pm BST Premier League kick-offsBurnley (at Hul... 
Premier League clockwatch – live!: Key action from the 3pm BST Premier League kick-offsBurnley (at H... 
How the Bay Area’s last slaughterhouse dodged the axe: Originally published on Grist.
An hour north ... 
#EPL Manchester United rule out selling Old Trafford naming rights: Manchester United owners decide ... 
Hosni Mubarak sentenced to three years in prison for corruption: The former president of Egypt, ousted i... 
23 Truly Twisted Movie Moms: This Mother’s Day, be grateful your mom didn’t make this list.

... 
The Science Of Craving: At the meeting of the Society for Neuroscience in Washington, DC, there are ... 
I Was An Undercover Uber Driver: I talked to lots of drivers. But few kept a meticulous enough log o... 
My First Weed Experience: A dad gets high for the first time. 
Faces of '15: High stakes, high rewards: Working as an air traffic controller is kind of like playing a... 
Five-day national FIDE rated open chess tournament in Manipal from May 13: The Udupi District Chess Ass... 
We Need To Talk About How Creepy Hot Cillian Murphy Is: He’ll Kill-ian you with his sexiness.

... 
11 Reasons We Should All Quit Our Jobs And Move To Scandinivia: Joining the workforce has never been mor... 
#EPL Daily Fantasy Soccer 2015: Complete EPL and MLS DraftKings Primer: DraftKings action spans two ... 
#EPL John Terry honing in on completing a full Premier League season as Chelsea captain makes a ...:... 
Literacy classes empower believers in Kenya: She had to ask for directions when she visited the city of... 
Everton v Sunderland: Premier League – live!: Minute-by-minute updates of the Goodison Park matchEmail... 
Lee Clark resigns as Blackpool manager after relegation from Championship: • Blackpool finished bottom... 
Sydney cruise past Adelaide to set up grand final showdown: Sydney FC 4-1 Adelaide United - as it ha... 
JK Rowling suffers Twitter backlash following the General Election: The Harry Potter author, who is a v... 
Rail passenger 'found smuggling heroin under foreskin': Chinese man on train to Tibet chose unusual plac... 
Texts You'll Write But Never Send: Totally don’t miss my ex.

 BuzzFeedYellow 
Americans Learn Foreign Pickup Lines: Nothing says cultured like a pickup line in a foreign language, am... 
ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda warns Burundian leaders over violence: Bensouda said her office ... 
#EPL Joey Barton hits out at "bad eggs" in QPR dressing room: Queens Park Rangers midfielder accuses... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool, match preview of the Premier League game on Sunday: All you need to know ... 
#EPL Everton vs Sunderland, Premier League: live: Premier League, Everton v Sunderland - Latest scor... 
Humble Bundle's Spring Sale is a bit good: Grab Grimrock, Rogue Legacy, Guacamelee and more for cheap. 
Lee Clark resigns as Blackpool manager after relegation from Championship: • Blackpool finished bott... 
John Gregory leaves Crawley Town job five months after heart surgery: • Former Aston Villa manager l... 
The Government Of Denmark Wants People To Stop Using Cash: Using paper bills and metal coins to buy ... 
Liberia declared officially free from Ebola: After 42 days without a new case of Ebola, Liberia is offic... 
My Kids Have No Idea What I’m Talking About: "I know I seem kind of distracted sometimes, but you kids are two... 
My Quest to Bring Hippie Mysticism to the Apple Watch: As I see it, consumer technology could use a dose of hi... 
Is There Any Hope for a Kinder, Gentler Internet?: In the latest installment of Geek's Guide to the Galaxy, jo... 
NASCAR Targets Kids With the Spongebob Squarepants 400: We still don't quite understand why a children's enter... 
While You Were Offline: Exit Joss Whedon, Enter Hamburglar: Here are the weirdest, loudest, and most hamburger... 
Ever wondered how these 20 internet memes came into being?: The internet is a wonderful place because it... 
Daughters Try Their Mother's Wedding Dress: “So when are you gonna get married?”

   ... 
Here's What Female Celebrities Would Look Like With Beards: Take a bow, ladies.

... 
VIDEO: 'Scotland's voice will be heard': SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has joined her newly elected SNP MPs... 
#EPL Chelsea vs Liverpool, match preview of the Premier League game on Sunday: Chelsea vs Liverpool,... 
The Answer To Tackling Superbugs Could Be... More Superbugs: Hard-to-kill bacteria or “superbugs” ha... 
Ipswich Town v Norwich City: Championship play-off semi-final – live!: Live updates of the first leg a... 
11 Greatest Sitcom Moms Of The '80s: A salute to the TV moms we sometimes wished had raised us.

... 
21 Reasons Why Coach And Tami Taylor Ruined All Other Relationships For You: Clear eyes, full heart, can... 
The EU in 100 inhabitants: But what if the EU only had 100 inhabitants? We've compiled data from ... 
#EPL Crystal Palace vs Manchester United: live: Premier League, Crystal Palace v Manchester United -... 
Everton v Sunderland: Premier League – live!: Minute-by-minute updates of the Goodison Park matchEma... 
Ipswich Town v Norwich City: Championship play-off semi-final – live!: Live updates of the first leg... 
ODM and CORD affiliate parties plan to partner with Nordic political parties, says Ababu Namwamba: I ha... 
Liberia Is Free of Ebola, World Health Organization Declares: The announcement Saturday made Liberia t... 
How Well Do You Remember Rotary Phones?: Can you go 6 for 6?

  
#EPL Andrea Pirlo to play in English Premier League: Andrea Pirlo to play in English Premier League.... 
#EPL English Premier League: Van Gaal fears bug could sap United as top four race heats up: With jus... 
#EPL Everton vs Sunderland: Everton vs Sunderland Live: English Barclays Premier League. By Mirror.c... 
How Helicopters Are Helping — And Hampering — Aid Relief In Nepal: Despite nearly three dozen choppe... 
Kolkata Knight Riders v Kings XI Punjab: IPL 2015 – live!: Live over-by-over updates from the Indian P... 
Evelyn! Rhapsody for an Obsessive Love by Duncan McLaren, review: 'comic and original': Miranda Seymour... 
Photographing dreams: Inside Kirsty Mitchell's wonderland: How one photographer's astonishing fairytale... 
Cristiano Ronaldo 'donates £5 million to help Nepal after earthquake': French sports magazine So Foot cl... 
A battle for truth and glory as Russia marks Victory Day: Society set up by Vladimir Putin aims to comba... 
19 Things That Are Only Okay When Your Mom Says Them: You’re growing up so fast.

   ... 
Russia Victory Day Celebrations: Russian servicemen take part in the Victory Day parade in Red Squar... 
#EPL Louis van Gaal fines Manchester United stars for being late for lunch: Old Trafford manager eru... 
Does Your Taste In Men Match Your Political Affiliation?: Do you like when it hangs left or right?

... 
VIDEO: Ex-con artist now making millions: A German forger who conned the art world out of millions of do... 
On the road: Peugeot 208 GTi – car review: ‘I can well imagine it being the car du choix of one of... 
#EPL Crystal Palace vs Man Utd preview: Angel Di Maria and Wilfried Zaha have points to prove: Manch... 
In Mathematics, Mistakes Aren’t What They Used To Be: Computers can’t invent, but they’re changing t... 
Russia celebrates Victory Day as Western leaders boycott parade: David Cameron and Barack Obama among th... 
The gifs that keep on giving: Ronaldinho, Chris Gayle and a penalties masterclass: Featuring an embarr... 
A-League semi-final: Sydney FC v Adelaide United – live!: Live updates from the second semi-final at A... 
Rampant Raiders crush Titans for first home win of the season: Canberra Raiders 56-16 Gold Coast Titan... 
If Craigslist Ads Were Honest: Those red stains aren’t from a wine bottle…

When they try... 
#EPL Mourinho: I won't let Cech join another Premier League club: The option I don't want is for him... 
Saints stage stunning comeback win over Bulldogs: Western Bulldogs 13.9 (87) lost to St Kilda 14.10 (9... 
12 Things Every Hair Salon Receptionist Is Tired Of Hearing: When will the phones stop ringing?!

... 
Kenya power pension fund has just launched a real estate property brand dabbed Sakile.: Kenya's real es... 
Prince Harry receives ancient warrior welcome in New Zealand: Prince treated to ceremonial welcome and M... 
Meet the West London actor playing Barack Obama on the big screen: Parker Sawyers will portray a young O... 
Which Celebrity Mom Are You?: Are you more of a hollaback mom or more of a momager?

  
The week in pictures: 9 May 2015: A round-up of our favourite photographs of the week 
Which "Kill La Kill" Character Is Your Kindred Spirit?: NUDIST… BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEACH!!!!!

  
VIDEO: How election night and day unfolded: David Cameron says he hopes to govern Britain in the interes... 
VIDEO: Church bells to ring out for VE Day: Church bells will ring out around Britain on Saturday as com... 
EE Harrier Mini vs Vodafone Smart Prime 6: Two operator-branded devices with similar specs and sub... 
Is Wi-Fi making your child ill?: As France bans Wi-Fi in nursery and primary schools, a British ex... 
Lost Greatness, Scar Tissue, And Survival: The Life Of Baseball's Brief Superstar, Dickie Thon: The ... 
How bad was JM Barrie?: Was JM Barrie, author of Peter Pan, an evil genius or a misunderstood ingenue? 
Weird Royalty Facts That'll Make You Go Whoa: Prince Charles wanted to be reincarnated as a tampon? What... 
12 Homemade Ice Cream Recipes You'll Want To Make All Summer Long: Make your summer ~super cool,~ withou... 
Patel, Patil begin with a win in Nagpur district chess selection tournament: NAGPUR: Aditi Patel and Ad... 
#EPL Premier League Week 36 Fixtures: EPL TV Schedule, Live Stream and Predictions: Chelsea have bee... 
#EPL EPL: Champions League return on horizon for Manchester United: The reversal in fortunes of Engl... 
#EPL Stoke City vs Tottenham Hotspur, Premier League 2014/15: Where to watch, preview, betting odds ... 
Shaquille O'Neal wipes out, and a meme is born: Basketball great Shaquille O'Neal tripped on the set of ... 
Can You Identify These TV Moms By Their Silhouettes?: It’s time to make your mother proud.

  
Is The Demand For Sustainable Seafood Unsustainable?: Consumers want more than fisheries can supply,... 
Uber Fund-Raising Points to $50 Billion Valuation: The new capital will not be used primarily for ... 
This Knee Looks Like Liam Neeson: I will look for you, and I will find you…

Notice anyth... 
The week in pictures: 9 May 2015: A round-up of our favourite photographs of the week 
Chris Browns Girl Not Crazy, Kenya Moore Paid &amp; Kylie Jenner's Pump &amp; Dump: Celebrity Gossip: Kenya Moo... 
How Well Do You Remember The Intro To "Buffy The Vampire Slayer?": You know, the one that goes Daaaa Duh... 
Watch Host Isobel Yeung Debrief Our New HBO Episode About GMOs: [youtube src='//www.youtube.com/embe... 
Toyota and Mazda reportedly cooperating on green car technology: Under the partnership Toyota prop... 
Sports Briefing | Soccer: Paris St.-Germain Closes In on Title With Rout of Guingamp: Edinson Cavani s... 
Sports Briefing | Tennis: First Loss of 2015 for Serena Williams: Williams lost her first match of 201... 
Man confesses on Facebook to killing his wife, daughter and sister: 'Now my family is pain-free and in h... 
This Is The Perfect Way To Enjoy A Blanket Fort: College textbooks were never more useful.

... 
Can We Guess Your Favorite Song To Use In Your Away Message?: ♪ My hopes are so high that your kiss migh... 
How Hip-Hop Conquered Streaming: Though it’s second fiddle in digital and physical sales to rock and... 
22 Mouthwatering Potato Recipes You Need To Try: Forget your boring potato sides this summer and try one... 
Edward Snowden says Australia’s new data retention laws are 'dangerous': Whistleblower says mass s... 
How Many Of These Books Adapted Into Movies Have You Read?: You’ve seen the movies. But have you taken t... 
Searching For Hostages Isn’t CIA’s Top Priority, Insiders Say: The hunt for al Qaeda leaders takes p... 
52 Krazy Things I Learned When I Read Kim K's Selfie Book: Two days, 445 pages, and countless selfies la... 
Aussie Band Alpine Share The Things That Make Them Go "Yuck" And "Yaaass": “We’re two ladies rockin’ it.... 
Umbra gameplay video demonstrates unique character balance system: The action-RPG Umbra will hit Kicks... 
13 Kiwi Gifts That Are Too Cute To Be Fruit: Doesn’t count as any of your 5 a day.

These... 
Australians Tried To Label A Map Of New Zealand And Failed Big Time: After BuzzFeed Oz failed to correct... 
The Ideal Copy Length (Infographic): Learn how long your copy should be with this infographic! 
The Complex, Tragic Psychology Behind Animal Hoarding: We all know someone who loves cats a bit too ... 
Australian police arrest teenager planning to detonate 3 bombs in Melbourne: Police arrest 17-year-old a... 
Barack Obama joins '50 Club' as he ticks off all states with South Dakota visit: It took him 6.5 years, ... 
Did Kim Kardashian Ever Actually Break The Internet?: She’s broken a lot of things. A LOT of things. But... 
Can You Guess The Blink-182 Music Video From A Screencap?: Sorry in advance for getting these songs stuc... 
What Reddit's 'ridiculous' button tells us about mortality: An unusual button has mystified the inte... 
The mud-wrestler no-one wanted to touch: The champion mud-wrestler opponents refused to touch 
RK Apollosana lift Nilamani Memorial Chess crown: Imphal, May 08 2015 : RK Apollosana emerged as the un... 
Benny Lou Buckminster: If you were to ask her grandchildren their favorite “Meme Memory,” every one of t... 
The Definitive Ranking Mariah Carey's Number-One Hits: Let the nostalgia kick in.

In ... 
I've Been Texting With An Astronaut: How a surprising iPhone and Apple Watch bestseller is pushing t... 
#EPL Premier League - Mourinho keen on Cech stay: ... Stamford Bridge and certainly does not want hi... 
Britain, We Need To Talk About Pool Tables In Pubs: A pub without a pool table is just a shit living roo... 
deputy president william ruto only top government official excluded from meeting us secretary ... 
Ruto Left Out of Kerry Visit Over ICC Case: DEPUTY President William Ruto is the only top gove... 
VIDEO: Apple v Android: Which watch wins?: Many young people do not wear any kind of watch - but will sm... 
New York Backs Bitcoin Exchange. But It May Not Fly In California: Ben Lawsky, New York’s superintendent of fi... 
Can You Get Through This Post Without Being Sexually Attracted To Halo-Halo?: Sweetly NSFW.* *Not actual... 
Watch These Guys Change A Diaper For The First Time: The Try Guys go on an adventure in babysitting.

... 
U.N. Official Accuses France of Delays in Child Sexual Abuse Case: The United Nations accused France o... 
Dad Scares His Future Kid By Blowing Raspberries On Mom's Stomach: There is a decent chance that thi... 
'The World's First' Computer That Costs Only Nine Bucks: The creators of the Otto, a hackable, anima... 
Cool Guy Is Ready For A Very Chill Weekend: And you should be too. Don't forget to do something nice... 
GoPro Made A Gymkhana Video With An RC Car: We're not convinced it's possible to have this level of ... 
Meet Justice Abhay Mahadeo Thipsay, the judge who granted Salman Khan a bail: While Salman Khan may hav... 
Vox Sentences: Justice Department will investigate the Baltimore police: 1. Baltimore under investig... 
Samsung T1 Portable SSD review: Unbelievably light and closer to SATA SSD speeds than flash drives, th... 
19 Confessions From Unemployed College Grads: The struggle is so real.

   View Video... 
The Most Fab And Drab Celebrity Looks Of The Week: You voted — here are the results.

 ... 
The Nightmare That Scared Every New York City Parent 36 Years Ago Still Isn't Over: 
[body_image wi... 
A New Font Based On Einstein’s Handwriting Will Let You Write Like A Genius: Soon your mundane email... 
Video: Kenya Bishop visits Christ Home: Reverend Geoffrey Gichure, the Deputy Presiding Bishop of the A... 
Obama Slammed for Self-Indulgent Kenya Trip: One of the nation's leading Africanists is assailing Presi... 
What's Keeping Higher Education CIOs Up At Night? [INFOGRAPHIC]: CIOs are under pressure and thei... 
Game|Life Podcast: Let’s All Go to Nintendoland: Nintendo and Universal are teaming up for park attractions? W... 
Talking Horses: Saturday’s best bets plus the latest racing news: The David O’Meara trained Russian Re... 
33 Of The Most Powerful Photos Of This Week: 
 
A 'Maya' girl sits in an altar during the traditional c... 
Will Your Cat Eat You When You Die?: Not that you should worry about it, but we’re just throwing it into... 
2 Naperville area high schools crack top 20 at chess nationals: The 19 members of the Naperville North ... 
The week's highs and lows in PC gaming: Each week the PC Gamer teampunch a tree with their bare hands,... 
North Korea test-fires underwater ballistic missile: Leader Kim Jong-un gave the order and watched as it... 
US put Al Jazeera's Pakistan bureau chief on terror list: Documents leaked by Edward Snowden show Ahmad ... 
How YouTube Crossover Stars Are Faring In Hollywood: Pass Or Fail?: From Grace Helbig’s new show to ... 
7 Purfect People To Cat-Sit Taylor Swift's Cats While She's On Tour: #CatSitGoals.

Karli... 
What Ava DuVernay Is Doing To Fix The Overwhelming Whiteness In Hollywood: The Selma director, who has a... 
16 Photos That Prove Modern Day Gremlins Are Actually Chill: They’re just like us!

"I en... 
We Tried Ridiculous '80s Workouts And Enjoyed Them More Than We Expected To: “She is rocking that leotar... 
#FPL Darren Bent open to Aston Villa return or remaining with Derby: Darren Bent has told Fantasy Football Clu... 
The Trophy Life: Winning in Golf Is Only the Beginning: When golfers win a tournament there’s a lot mo... 
The Mystical Universe Of 'Magic: The Gathering': Wizards, demons and goblins collide in the world's ... 
Conan Explores The Exciting And Terrifyingly Sexy World Of: "It's very suspicious to me that the Wit... 
Crow Thinks He's Being Sneaky, Doesn't Know What A Camera Is: Crow Thinks He's Being Sneaky, Doesn't... 
The Difference Between 'Best Buy,' 'Sell By': Wording of food packages (and perishable non-food item... 
#EPL Lionel Messi made Barcelona great, not Pep Guardiola, and he will never leave Nou Camp, says Jo... 
#EPL Newcastle United just resorting to long-ball tactics in 'unpleasant' relegation fight, admits V... 
#EPL Mick McCarthy ready for final climb back to Premier League: Sitting in his office at Ipswich To... 
#EPL José Mourinho against Petr Cech moving to Premier League rival: José Mourinho believes that Pet... 
#EPL Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat hits out at Premier League schedule: The Sunderland manager, D... 
Senior Week Events Honor University's Class of 2015: Memories on the Mall, immediately after each comme... 
Plane makes emergency landing after cabin fills with smoke: Delta flight from Florida to New Yorks ... 
Ratz Instagib's creator on the new update and plans for the future: Ratz creatorLino Slahuschek talks ... 
Assassin's Creed: Victory is actually titled Syndicate, according to leaked info: Aside from the name,... 
Gadget Lab Podcast: You’re an Amazing Photographer: Flickr is staging a comeback by making it easier for us to... 
Talking Pictures: These Guys Are Capturing the Night Sky Before It Disappears: Light pollution brightening the... 
Louis van Gaal ‘forced’ to sign Memphis Depay for Manchester United: • Manager had to secure winger be... 
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City need their own Lionel Messi: • Pellegrini seeks a player who ca... 
José Mourinho: England’s top four could win the Champions League with Messi: • ‘One thing is a team; a... 
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat hits out at Premier League schedule: • Dutchman unhappy over kick-off... 
José Mourinho against Petr Cech moving to Premier League rival: • Chelsea manager would veto move to A... 
Census Bureau Infographic – World War II: To honor this landmark wedding of the Allied countries'... 
How will a Conservative majority government affect Britain's foreign policy?: Big Question: A Conservati... 
Images show Vietnam South China Sea reclamation but not as vast as China's actions: The expansion of the... 
What Songs Are Impossible To Have Sex To?: Tell us which music you can’t even IMAGINE banging to.

... 
This Baby Girl Freaks The F*ck Out In The Womb When Her Dad Makes Fart Noises On Her Mom's Belly: A fami... 
Memo to Twitter trolls: Do not fuck with J. K. Rowling: Attention, trolls: you abuse J. K. Rowling a... 
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City need their own Lionel Messi: • Pellegrini seeks a player who ... 
Louis van Gaal ‘forced’ to sign Memphis Depay for Manchester United: • Manager had to secure winger ... 
José Mourinho: England’s top four could win the Champions League with Messi: • ‘One thing is a team;... 
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat hits out at Premier League schedule: • Dutchman unhappy over kick-o... 
José Mourinho against Petr Cech moving to Premier League rival: • Chelsea manager would veto move to... 
In Search Of Humanity At TechCrunch Disrupt: “Can I show you my technology?” 
Natalie Portman To Play Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg In Movie: Natalie Portman is set t... 
Can We Guess Your Age Based On Your Taste In British Men?: One way to see…

  
The Definitive Ranking Of Current “Real Housewives” Husbands By Hotness: These are the men that most gir... 
#EPL Chelsea transfer news: If it's my decision I will not let Petr Cech join Arsenal, admits Jose M... 
All Blacks lock Ali Williams to captain NRFL Rough Riders against Leicester: Tigers to play team inclu... 
Ennis-Hill and Johnson-Thompson spread the love before Manchester City games: • Ennis-Hill nervous abo... 
Elliot Daly and Wasps targeting Leicester win for Premiership play-off chance: The Wasps centre could ... 
Fernando Amorebieta’s late goal gives Middlesbrough edge on Brentford:  This was the first instalment ... 
Andy Murray reaches semi-final in Madrid Open by beating Milos Raonic: • British No1 beats fifth seed ... 
Procurement of locally manufactured products could grow Kenya's economy: NAIROBI: President Uhuru Kenya... 
At Hawthorn Time by Melissa Harrison, review: 'arresting': Melissa Harrison's second novel displays a b... 
VIDEO: Dimbleby presents Ashdown with a hat: David Dimbleby presents Paddy Ashdown with a cake-shaped ha... 
Former Zaire defender Mwepu Ilunga dies aged 66 after long illness: • Ilunga best known for free kic... 
Fernando Amorebieta’s late goal gives Middlesbrough edge on Brentford:  This was the first instalmen... 
#MatchReport Brentford 1-2 Middlesbrough | Championship play-off semi-final report:  This was the fi... 
How Helicopters Are Helping – And Hampering – Aid Relief In Nepal: 
 
Nepali army soldiers carry relief... 
