Junagadh(268),Amreli(174),Gir-Somnath(44) &amp; Bhavnagar (37) districts have maximum population of lions in that order. Lion:A Pride of Nation.
201 lioness, 109 lions &amp; 213 cubs totals 523. Maldhhariis, foresters, GoG &amp; people in Saurashtra/Gujj deserve compliments.
The Great Gujarat's Gir Lion Census 2015: Quantum jump of 27%. Lion population up 523 from 411 of last 2010 Census.
After night halt at Sinh Sadan today, CM, Gujarat will visit Animal Care Center at Sasan-Gir on May 11.
If you look for the bad in people expecting to find it, you surely will. - Abraham Lincoln
In the evening (5.30 pm) Guj CM will move to Sasan Gir to announce the results of Lion census 2015
Boosting up farm sector imperative for India to grow @ its real potential- double digit GDP.
BrahMos tests successful. Incredible lethal weapon pinpoints the target even in cluttered environment.
Gujarat CM will launch Narsinh Maheta University at Junagadh today.
Love's gift cannot be given, it waits to be accepted.- Rabindranath Tagore 
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore

Good night 
You cannot build a character and courage by taking away a man's initiative. - Abraham Lincoln
As our case is new, we must think and act a new.- Abraham Lincoln
Mkt's 506.28 pts rise- a reflection of GoI's move to ease overseas investors' worries on taxation &amp; Cameron's win?
Cameron's emphatic win raises 2 Qs: will UK stay with EU? Will Scotland stay with UK?
Good morning. 
Believe in urself.Everything is within.Whtvr Mind cn conceive it can achieve.Have Trust in urself as it will help you trust others. Gd Night
Focus on importance &amp; suppress urgency, don't be rigid, this small investment will save u hours in wasting time&amp;efforts. So plan diligently.
Collaboration b/w industry, academia &amp; Govt thru' joint R&amp;D &amp; consulting assignments will open up vistas of innovation &amp; job market.
India is divided by complex scripts.As per Google,Transliteratn Gujanagari/Gujarati seems 2 be India's simplest nukta&amp;shirorekha free script
Live: Relief for Salman Khan as Bombay HC suspends his sentencing, won't have to go on jail 
North Block Unfazed. Oil price hike not to affect budget mathematics. Enough cushion is provided for.
New Govt Panel on broad MAT issues. It is certain-No Retrospective Exemption. No Individual Cases for Discussion.
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.- Abraham Lincoln
Good morning
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. -Abraham Lincoln
Good night
If you cry because the Sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars. - Rabindranath Tagore
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.- Rabindranath Tagore
Remembering martyrdom of Mulu Manek (May 7,1868) &amp; a warrior of Dwarka-Okha who fought British from 1857 till 1868. 
US' criticism of India for restricting foreign funds 2 NGOs is uncalled for and not acceptable. It's high time US stops policing the world.
Every child comes with a message that God is yet not discouraged of man.-Gurudev Tagore (May 7, 1861-Aug 7, 1941) 
If we could 1st know where we r &amp; whither we r tending, we could then better judge what 2 do and how 2 do it.- Abraham Lincoln
Good morning
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?- Abraham Lincoln
Good Night
4 days' physical exercise 2 count Asiatic lions of Gir ended Tuesday. 2200 staffers: 22K sq.km. area. Result on 10th. 
In a unique bid 2 make Gujarat 'kerosene free', the State Govt plans 2 provide LPG connections to 33L BPL families.A big initiative indeed.
Good Morning.
Nothing in the world is impossible to a willing heart.- Abraham Lincoln
No man has a good enough memory to make a successful liar.-Abraham Lincoln
Good Night
Akodara-a  model digital village of Sabarkantha, Gujarat-where 70% cashless transaction is an order of the day. 
An MoU b/w Govt of Jharkhand,Railways&amp;Central Coalfields 2 construct rail lines in command areas of coal mines marks beginning of a new era.
WB (55), Karnataka (52) &amp; Telangana (52) too have 05; 04 &amp; 02 stalled projects respectively due to land acquisition problems.
Maharashtra &amp; Gujarat top 2 states with 125 &amp; 63 stalled projects respectively; of which 13 &amp; 7 respectively stalled due to land acquisition
According to CMIE data,reason in case of 20% of the stalled projects is categorised as 'other reasons'. What could be those 'other reasons'?
Of the 804 stalled projects, 630 (78%) are from pvt sector and 174 (22%) are from public sector.
Unfavourable market conditions i.e. a slow economy (lack of promoters' interest) &amp; lack of funds accounted for 34% of stalled projects.
Land acquisition problems stalled 64 of the 804 stalled projects, 1st mentioned in the Economic Survey 2014-2015.
About 8% of 804 industrial projects worth Rs. 421K Cr (US $67.91 Bn) across India are in limbo due to land acquisition problems!
Good Morning. 
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
- Abraham Lincoln

वो आग से जला जो नदी के क़रीब था...
'तुं ही''तेरा' जिसने कहा,हो गया भव से पार। Gm.jsk
Sleep pays a vital role in gud health&amp;wellbeing in life.A good sleep will relax ur mood help u stay fit mke u less susceptible 2 getng. GdNt
In Nepal's huge natural calamity, India's reaction was commendable in times of crisis by pouring in of aid from all the part of nations.
Nepal Earthquake's latest figures cited in a UN release say 70,000 homes were destroyed &amp; 530,000 were damaged by the quake &amp; aftershocks.
Approval for 100 smart cities &amp; rejuvenation of 500 cities under project AMRUT is step to handle seismic shift in the makeup of the nation.
A Cow Urine Refinery at Jalore, Rajasthan is a breakthrough effort to promote Ayurved therapy &amp; save cows!
Buddha Jayanti today, but Nepal's most ancient Buddhist site at Swayambhunath etc are in shock with ruins around.
Start the day with some good ideas. A day well spent brings a week of content. Have a blessed day. Good morning. 
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln
Pataratu Thermal Power Station to be run by a JV of NTPC (74%) &amp; Govt of Jharkhand (26%). A new era sets a tone in Jharkhand!
The World Press Freedom Day today: Press in China, Japan, Germany, Pakistan is not as free as in India!
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Good morning. 
It's okay to cry, feel low but don't dwell in it for a long time. This would affect your health and take your inner. Gd Nt
Being happy is a matter of choice.Choice 2 be optimistic 2 able 2 inspire yourself&amp;others &amp; find reasons 2 smile more often.So choose wisely
Ambitions&amp;love for the business is absolutely imp 4 anyone who wants 2 make it big in life. The will 2 win &amp; desire 2 succeed is imperative.
Renewal of Indo-US 2010 Agri-pact &amp; India's interest in US' weather forecasting system is good for India's agriculture.
ITR forms: Saral is not that Saral,despite promises by all FMs in past.2 page form of 2009 has undergone much change over a period of time.
Don't let the negative opinions of others destroy ur inner spirit and drain your energy &amp; dreams. Just continue on your path &amp; stay focused.
Good Morning. Have a Good Day. 
Gujarat: Over Rs 192 crore aid released to SC students in last 3 years | The Indian Express 
Listening to music is like exercising the brain, one can expect the benefits of better memory &amp; mental sharpness. Good Night
UN adopting June 21 as World Yoga Day is a proud moment for India.It's an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition&amp;path of 1ness with nature
Remembering Manna Dada....अय मेरे प्यारे वतन अय मेरे बिछडे चमन तुझपे दिल कुरबान.... 
Gujarat CM to launching "Khabar Chhe" news portal today 3.15 pm at Vyara.
Better reforms,uniform long term policies, capacity utilization is required for economic development. Me,machines&amp; money must work together.
Gujarat's 55th formation day today. It's going strong even without Mumbai! जय जय गरवी गुजरात। 
Summer Holidays: 25K GujjUS to visit US this summer-much more than average 1K in previous yrs-thanks to liberal US visa policy?
Good morning. 
Don't lose hope. You never know what tomorrow will bring. Good Night. Sweet Dreams. 
Jharkhand needs 66K acres of land for still &amp; power plants. 37 still &amp; 22 power Projects have been withdrawn as no land is available. Sad.
Remembering Dada Saheb Falke (b. April 30, 1870), father of Indian cinema. Gandhiji saw only 1 film in his life-Raja Harishchandra of Falke.
Good morning. Smile. This transforms everything. 
Patience is not the ability to wait but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting. Good Night.
I reminisce KUTCH EARTHQUAKE: What Can NEPAL do?

....keep moving towards goal....Good Morning.... 
In life everything is certain, nothing is sudden. Life is nothing but a pattern that's designed by you. So, take charge of it, live it. GN.
Don't tune out when things don't go your way. Be open to new ideas. Books &amp; minds only work when they are open.
Welcome, Maharashtra Stamp Duty Act Amendment 20/2015: No stamp duty for gift-deeds in respect of gifts to blood-relatives.
Success of auctions of spectrum &amp; coalmines. Structural reforms &amp; lower oil prices will drive economic growth &amp; boost India's performance.
Child labor, child abuse, child trafficking on rise! 15 children disappear in the country every half an hour as per an estimate!
Without laws for smooth &amp; speedy acquisition of land for projects of national importance, economy can't accelerate &amp; jobs can't be created.
Good Morning 
Unless spiritually you are not fit,professionally you can not be hit.Spirituality is your inner face so discover your true nature.Good Night
Here is the correct link of my article on fishermen's plight    

Our Agrarian sector has the low yield per acre &amp; two harvesting seasons compar 2 SEA countries who hve on average at least 4 harvests a yr.
Dedicated and determinded people do wonders, others do blunders. Cut out distractions, they will simply mislead you.
Misplaced aggressiveness,absolute incompetence &amp;lack of intelligent content is wht we see in debates these days in parliament &amp; new channels
My article on fishermen's plight

htpp://www.bharatniti.in/article/india-should-raise-agenda-of-fishermen-release-with-neighbours/39
China with generating 16.1% spam mails tops the list in the world, as per latest figures. India generates least spam mails-only 2.1%.
Good Morning 
तुम ही आधार हो सभी मानवों का, इस संकट की घडी में। शक्ति दो नाथ। prayerful morning.jsk
संवेदनशील घटना आज याद गई 
Have passion in life.Make it your power booster. Enjoy life. Love it, love it! Good Night
Your life is wonderful; make it more purposeful and meaningful. Take small initiatives towards a larger purpose.
@PMOIndia @narendramodi's suggestion to create a maritime museum at Lothal will provide impetus to maritime trade. 
Lothal-an Indus Valley Civilization ASI site in Gujarat was once a centre of maritime trade. 
Good morning. 
Shallow minded people are always anxious to go to heaven after death,crazy people create heaven on earth itself, where they are living.GN
Also called Bhimsen tower, after the 19th century king Bimsen Thapa, this is the 2nd time the structure has been damaged by an earthquake.
Built in 1832, the #Dharahara tower was a nine storey structure. It has collapsed after today's quake. #Nepal
My thoughts and prayers with the people of Nepal and India who are facing the aftermath of a devastating #Earthquake
Never compare urself with the past or you will always remain in the past &amp; never build a future.You are the master of your future,create it.
Industry &amp; Agriculture both r pertinent issues for the country. Our youth needs job which is not possible unless industries prosper &amp; invest
500 stone crushers including 100 in populated areas;150 stone mines; in Hazaribaug-Jharkhand; a great health hazard &amp; environ danger.
With Indian Navy commissioning INS Sardar at coastal town of Porbandar in Gujarat on May 9; the maritime security will be strengthened.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.- Mae West
Have a good day ahead.... 
पर रोटी की साईज़ तो सब घर में एक जैसी ही होती है।
Talking science.
And climate change.
In @EvergladesNPS.
Watch: 
#ActOn…
'The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.'-Lord Buddha
Good Night
Every day approx. 2500 people quit agriculture and look for alternatives.
54% of agricultural land in India is monsoon dependent. 
India has 11.89 Cr farmers; 26.30 Cr people are  directly or indirectly connected with agriculture. 
India's agriculture shares 13.7% of country's total market of $2 Trillion.
Tiger Census Methodology under scanner. Index calibration can produce inaccurate results. Research paper withdrawn! 
Good morning. Wishing you a lovely Friday. 
Seize the moment.Do anything,but let it produce joy.Make the NOW the primary focus of your life.Good Night and Have Sweet Dreams. God Bless.
'Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.'- Lord Buddha
'Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.'- Lord Buddha
Follow clouds!After unseasonal rains damaged Ravi crops, forecast of below normal rains to increase farmers' worries. 
A farmer resorting 2 suicide in presence of hundreds of others&amp;nobody could stop him is shame.At least v stop making politics out of it now.
Good Morning. Have A Wonderful Day! 
You are the sum total of everything you hv ever seen,learned, heard,eaten,been told-it's all there so make your experiences more positive.GN
Society is simply dissected more finely than it was bfr due 2 revolution in Technology we hve separated funds for FB,Linkdn,Twtr,Wtsp.
China has 2 faces-one when it's in India &amp; one when it's with Pak! Which one the world would believe?
China 'hand in glove' with Pak when it hails Pak's role to curb  terrorism. Does one recall 'Hindi-Chini Bhai-Bhai'?
To the Cricket crazy nation's domestic talent IPL has provided a platform for showcasing their talents in an international arena.
IPL country's biggest sporting moment, is a celebration of unity &amp; peace of all the fans &amp; countries in triumph &amp; sometimes, in despair.
Proud owner of Collector's Edition of India Won - #chaitablebook. 
To eat beef is NOT a fundamental right of the citizen. What a bold statement of Maharashtra Govt before Bombay High Court !
As sky breaths into a beautiful Sun,May God open heavens 2 shower u lots of love&amp;happiness 2 make ur day meaningful. 
@PMOIndia @narendramodi ’s #MakeInIndia dream is becoming reality @relianceindltd J3 project. 
The largest single location manufacturing site, J'nagar employs more than 1.25 Lakh Indians from across the country creating a Mini-India.
शुभ प्रभात। Good Morning. 
When you start to do the things that you truly love,it won't matter if it's a bad day you would work upn your passions despite hurdles.Gd Nt
Hinduism is the eternal way of life. 1 lives as Hindu &amp; engage in lifelong ascetic practice 2 achieve Moksha. 
In order 2 succeed v need 2 study our competitors,understand our capabilities&amp;strategize.In short SWOT analysis 2 ensure sustainable results
How do we judge the value or the worth of a person? Moral, Social or Financial? Each one has its own merit of judgement. Food for thought!
Dwarkadheesh temple-sheer magnificence of rich cultural past has pulsating vibe&amp;amazing charm tht spreads like magic. 
9.5L companies in India including 64K PSUs. Delhi tops with 20% of them. Gujarat with 46K companies ranks 7th.
My demand for national animal status 2 lion not 2 be construed as my opposition 2 tiger;but lion deserves better deal 
Happy Monday. Good morning. 
Don’t worry about things which really don’t matter.It takes your today’s peace,strength &amp; happiness. Be happy Relax &amp; Enjoy Life.Good Night
Net is place of new ideas,change restricting it would be detrimental to innovation.India shld emerge as an innovation hub 4 Digital Startups
It is not caste , not region. Its just to promote Lion. Tiger's are already eye candy of all. S…
This time of the year when old &amp; feeble leaves fall,new tender leaves appear;India is going through same phase of transformational journeys.
India’s aggressive foreign policy is driving the agenda on the international stage wth strng imprint f India’s potential 2 be the SuperPower
Activists working 2 save environment earn fat salaries 2 block projects that otherwise would have given poor men a chance to improve lives.
B/w 2010 &amp; 2013, more than $3.2 billion came to India from abroad for 22,000 NGOs.
Those who dare dream can conquer the world. Dhirubhai Ambani
Good morning. शुभ प्रभात। 
diye se meri maa mere liye kaajal banati hai.
A good laugh &amp; a long sleep are the best cures in the Doctor's book-An Irish proverb. 
Good  Night.
Good governance is a process to put laws under lens of revision &amp; modernization until they resonate in tune with aspiration of young India.
Over 9.5 lakh appeared for IAS and Allied Services exam this year. 12 lakh expected next year : UPSC chief
Lion as national animal? A proposal with govt: I am passionate about lions. 
Only 10% NGOs of about 25L NGOs operating in India file tax returns.
Pak Marine Security apprehended 47 fishermen &amp; seized 8 boats in mid-sea , as per Porbandar-based General Secretary of NFF, Manish Lodhari
गुड मोर्निंग। Good morning. 
फिर भी मै ना जाने क्यु हर रोज कमाने जाता हू....
The most certain way 2 succeed is 2 try just 1 mre time.Infusing ur mind 2 positive thoughts will produce more positive results in life.GdNt
'Sanskrit literature is national in one sense, but its purpose has been universal' – Dr. S. Radhakrishnan 
Filing of cases in Indian courts have been either equal or more than the disposal.
Approx.  No. of pending cases in SC (61K), HCs (40L) &amp; Subordinate Courts (2 Cr) in the country reflect 'justice delayed is justice denied'!
Good morning. 
मगर सबसे ज़्यादा लोग लापता भीं यहीं से होते हैं...!!
Love is the most powerful&amp;unknown energy in the world.As they said,the most beautiful things can't be seen or touched.It must be felt.Gd Nt.
'I do it' &amp; 'it gets done' has one difference-that is Delegation-one of the best techniques to lead and empower teams and individuals.
Anything aspired for with unblemished faith &amp; fervent prayers bears fruit. Our faith,belief &amp; the power of our thoughts decides our destiny.
Develop your good feelings by thinking about all the things you love. Count all those you love until you feel positive &amp; happy from inside.
India retains its 2nd place in ICC ODI ranking with 116 pts; next only to top ranked Australia (122 pts).
All those who afford shd support appeal of @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi 2 forego subsidised LPG for fellow countrymen. 
"Do what makes u happy, be with who makes u smile, laugh as much as u breathe &amp; love as long as u live. " Gd Mg 
Stick to your goals you can change the ways to achieve them  by reinventing ways &amp; things you do. Good Night.
From vision 2 action we need grassroots movements embedded with belief of transformation with cooperative&amp;unified action of all diverse ppl.
Success in life is directly related to the discomfort one is ready to face in life as Growth necessarily takes us outside the comfort zone.
Russia signals head start in benefitting from lifting of sanctions against Iran. Paves way for missile delivery system. Oil for Goods Swap!
Implementing extensive reforms, new programs &amp; projects are the key drivers for the growth at this point of inflection, should plan it well.
45-day annual fishing ban in eastern coastal zone enforced from today, to remain in effect from April 15 to May 29.
Emerging market companies' budding success on global stage shows jst hw quickly the game can change we have to be ready for this revolution.
Pollard's 70 off 34 balls at Ahmedabad was not enough to save MI from loosing streak!
Acute water scarcity imminent as most of 115 dams of Saurashtra in Gujarat left with only 12K mcft of water against 88K mcft capacity.
Always bring ur own sunshine! Weather cannot be predicted. Just b'coz it's stormy now doesn't mean u r not headed for sunshine. Good day.
In obeisance to my father &amp; in devotion we,the Nathwani Family, offered Gold utensils&amp; Dhwajaji to Lord Dwarkadheesh. 
Evacuation frm Yemen has been a triumph of improvisation. It does call for a separate unit specialized to carry out such massive operations.
Gujarat Tourism redeveloped Shamalaji Master Plan to revitalise the main temple complex. 
Successful leaders thrive in uncertainty by combining sound judgement with imaginative vision&amp;making tough choices abt whr 2 play&amp;how 2 win.
Ustad Ali Akbar Khan Saheb: Indian classical music maestro (b. April 14, 1922) 
Telecom operators not in a mood to take care of 'net neutrality'- they would recover from customers high auction price paid by them.
With NJAC Act notification, collegium is replaced, executive to have upper hand over judiciary in appointment of higher judges.
Good morning. शुभ प्रभात। 
Lasting happiness will come when you set &amp; achieve your goals, which are intrinsically meaningful to you &amp; embrace new experiences. Gd Nt.
Ind Exp shares cities that face challenge in bettering AQI including Kolkata, Bengaluru&amp;Chennai 
Registration of NGOs shd be cancelled if thr  activity is against national interest barring some who r seriously engaged in some good work.
What Mumbai desperately needs is a proper transportation policy and effective traffic management, backed with well-planned infrastructure.
जो है पर दिखाई नहीं देता, वह परमात्मा है। Gm. Jsk
My son Dhanraj performed last rites of my father Sh Dhirajlal at Dwarka in presence of relatives, friends &amp; brahmins. 
In the fast paced world markets r reacting much faster thn ever bfr &amp; has changed the business environment to look beyond traditional ideas.
Delhi is not the only city in India which is facing pollution challenge. Mumbai, despite the sea breeze, is on that WHO list.
Delhi is the most polluted city in the world, as per a study released by World Health Organization in 2014.
Employers shd encourage internal social network whr employees seamlessly collaborate &amp;communicate ideas &amp;concerns breaking down hierarchies.
Congratulations Sania Mirza for being declared no.1 in the individual doubles ranking. Saina&amp;Sania keep making the country proud.
Hillary Clinton all set to launch herself for presidential bid with eyes on '16 polls. Obama lauded her credentials. 
'Gravely Concerned' &amp; 'Deeply Shocking': This is how US &amp; France reacted on release of 26/11 mastermind Lakhvi. Condemn Pak.
Good Morning. 
Realize that social ties are integral to happiness,so bond&amp;laugh.A simple weekly social ritual with friends can be event of great joy.Gd Nt.
In business &amp; in life there are no guarantees. One who understands this ensure long term sustainability in a higher competitive world.
Business thrives when employees r well aligned, coached &amp; trained, where organization's objectives r clearly communicated to all employees.
The biggest challenge in life is staying motivated &amp; break into making what you have dreamed or wished for with never give up attitude.
Credentials &amp; monetary backing of those blocking developmental projects through PILs etc should be subjected to scrutiny &amp; declared.
If politicians are made to declare their assets, why can't NGOs too be made to declare their sources of funds?
Good Morning.
Faith is the bird that sings when the dawn is still dark.- Tagore 
can stand before anyone. 

Be focused,yet flexible.Have fun.Schedule joy.Attend social 
Indian companies should be aggressively expanding to secure assets abroad &amp; grab economic opportunities with help of large sovereign funds.
MUDRA initiative will cater 5.7 Cr small business units across India employing 12 Cr people.Entrepreneurship is truly encouraged&amp; motivated.
Leaders high in integrity,responsibility, forgiveness&amp;compassion tend to show high return on assets over a period of time for the employer.
Economic crimes in the country show a CAGR of 8.48% b/w 2008 &amp; 2013, the period during which GDP grew at 6.8%.
अत्र लुप्ता: सरस्वती: ASI starts excavation in Rajasthan to look for 'lost' river Saraswati. 
Life is a complicated story and mind is undiscovered havens. So Stay Focused and keep moving forward to unravel the Mysteries of Life.Gd Mg.
#ModiInFrance WATCH LIVE: 
@mpparimal @BCCI 
Pakistan Maritime Agency arrests 17 fishermen and three fishing boats from IMB off Gujarat coast. Second incident in eight days.
5-star NGOs use drone with HD fitted cameras without permission,use prohibited radio frequencies, disregarding FCRA norms, instigation etc!
Education for All: India inches closer to achieve 1st goal of 80% enrolment in 2015. UNESCO lauds India's efforts.
Good morning. 
Will be seein ur play finally on 17th! Super excited for the same <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH> 
Love &amp; Regards.
A Royal Census for rare Gir lions: 8 regions,30 zones,106 sub-zones,2200 forest personnel. 1st May onwards. 
The forest area of Gujarat has increased to 21,674 sq.km. which is 11% of the geographical area. 
3 Gir lions mowed down by goods train near Pipavav &amp; 5 deaths in 5 months near Mahuva leave wildlife lovers worrying. 
In an unprecedented gesture Pak also helps rescuing 11 Indians. When greater good and humanity wins over political differences.
India has taken the lead in rescuing foreigners trapped in Yemen &amp; evacuated more than 550 foreigners from 32 countries. Humanity wins.
Kudos to our Govt &amp; Armed Forces for carrying out operation Rahat with almost all 4K Indians in Yemen evacuated safely from war zone.
Gujarat one rung up in fruits' production in India-from 4 to 3rd- with 39% share; tops in banana production but 7th in mango crops.
If everything goes well then a pact b/w Tehran&amp;Global Powers will pave a way for re-entry of Iran in oil market. A positive outcome indeed.
Good Morning 
Natural resources are precious. We must exercise restraint in use and refrain from polluting our air, water &amp; land. 
Use of household solar gadgets viz lanterns, cooker, lighting systems, water heater etc help reducing energy bills. 
Water bodies &amp; aquifers are God's gifts to us. We must not contaminate them by discharging untreated liquid wastes. 
Perception of judiciary as 'divine' &amp; of some activists as '5-star' is a general thing &amp; not specific. Why one should make an issue of it?
National Air Quality Index no doubt is a good move but enforcing strict emission norms is also necessary to ensure &amp;sustain quality of air.
'A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position'-John Maxwell. Good Morning. 
(Prez.Gujarat Cricket Assn) 
Smoking craze among Indian males is on decline- from 33.8% to 23% during 1980 to 2012.Percentage of female smokers is static at 3.2%.
Indian females rank @ No. 2 after US in smoking among world's female smokers. 
Of 14% tobacco users in India, 5.1% spoil their health badly. 
Medicinal use of tobacco notwithstanding,its consumption in pan-masala&amp;cigarette-bidi is health hazard &amp;public nuisance, no doubt about it.
Approx. 30% damage to Rabi crops due to unseasonal rains notwithstanding, normal monsoon at 102% is predicted b/w June-Sept this year.
RBI policy review today. Lowering of rates is less likely as the food prices are on rise.
Good morning. 
Rs. 12,069 Cr regional TV ad revenues. Hindi's share is Highest 49%. English 12%. Rest from other language channels. 
Indian television industry is expected to grow at CAGR of 19% b/w FY 2013 &amp; 2017.
Uttar Pradesh has received the highest (6735.81 cr) share of the released amount.
GoI releases Rs 37,420 cr as first instalment of devolution; Gujarat gets 1159.56 cr. &amp; Jharkhand gets 1178.33 cr.
Hope. उम्मीद हमें शक्ति देती है। Good Morning. 
Deep-sea fishing could be a prospective proposition if ventured out in right earnest; &amp; of course with Govt support. 
Tuna, Marlin &amp; Shark are high prized catches out in deep sea requiring fishermen to stay 12 nautical miles away from coast for 15-30 days.
Rs.1.75 Cr for fixing TED in trawl nets should be provided with 100% subsidy.
Due to mass death of turtles, 1st bench of Madras HC prohibited fishing in 1st 12 km from the coast by mechanised vessels &amp; trawlers.
If the plan doesn't work, change the plan, not the goal. Good Morning. 
Gujarat constructed highest 1.65 lakh household toilets,60% of total 2.70 lakh toilets constructed under Clean India Mission in the country
Fishing in Palk Straight &amp; arrests of Indian fishermen by Sri Lanka's Navy-a bone of contention for diplomatic relations b/w two  countries!

316 micro gram per cu mtr SPM in Delhi's air caused 300% jump in respiratory cases at AIIMS OPD. It is alarming.
श्री राम दूतं शरणं प्रपद्ये।।  हनुमान जयंति की शुभकामनाएँ। 
I thank friends from all walks of life from Mumbai, A'bad, Vadodara, J'nagar/Khambhalia, Jharkhand for being with me during my bereavement.
I find no words to express my gratitude to all  tweeter friends for expressing solidarity with me following sad demise of my father.
Mortal remains of my father r part of cosmic world.Prayer meeting 2day at KC College, Church gate,Mumbai b/w 5&amp;7 p.m. 
I lost my father today. He was 94 years. He was like a shady tree for us. The loss is irreparable. Jay Dwarkadheesh. 
India's 1st coral garden to come up at Mithapur coastal region of Devbhumi Dwarka district of Gujarat. 
Gujarat's amazing handicrafts, architecture, temples &amp; wildlife have no end to the joys of self discovery. 
GoI's proposal to construct memorial of former PM Narasimha Rao is welcome. Reforms initiated by him liberated our economy.
Wish u all happy, healthy&amp;wealthy new accounting year '15-16; now since account closing done yesterday with clearing all misunderstandings!
The pages of yesterday can't be revised bt pages of 2morrow r blank &amp; u have the pen.Make it an inspiring story.GdMg. 
मन मीत तुम्हीं मन भाये हो..
ले लो, तुमको तन- मन अर्पण,
कहो, ग्वालों को संग लाये हो ?
Let us all join hands &amp;make the vision of economic prosperity a reality; grow strngr with every constructive act &amp; have stake in our future.
India has to take advantage of our vast potential in labour-intensive industries with proper reforms we can be next favourites of the world.
Political flexibility with public disc debate &amp; consensus bldng allows the nation 2 tke leap in a diffrnt model of collective responsibility
TV industry employs 1.28 million people against 0.59 million in film industry.
Indian television is 3.5 times bigger than film industry. It contributes Rs.39,139 Cr to economy against Rs.11,048 Cr of films.
If you desire to blossom like a rose in the garden, you have to learn the art of adjusting with thorns. Good morning. 
Learn if something good happens, appreciate it; if something bad happens, see it as a learning process. Good Night &amp; have sweet dreams.
400 Indian nationals will be evacuated today by ship from Aden -Yemen.
Heavy downpour in Ratnagiri damaged Alphanso crop adversely affecting quantity, quality&amp;upward price of famous mango. 
Visualize your goal &amp; also the obstacles in your path. You will receive the solution to the problem &amp; best way to overcome the challenge.
Nationwide ban on cow slaughter is always desirable. If it's done with consensus it is more good for the country.
We must be pragmatic in importing ideas from some of the best city-state leading the country from abject poverty to relative prosperity.
Israel is skeptical on outcome of 6 nation's talks with Iran at Lausanne &amp; Iran wants an end of sanctions against it. 
Clash of cohosts yesterday couldn't lit fire &amp; emotions for us as India was out.High impact Australian bunch reigned. 
The rose silently speaks of love in a language known only to the heart. Good Morning. 
मेरी तरह तुम भी झूठे हो.!

इक टहनी पर चाँद टिका था..
मैंने ये समझा तुम बैठे हो.!
@APJAbdulKalam  respected sir  thanks for appreciating my tweets
On board Wi-Fi based internet for air passengers should be a welcome move. It would help increasing productivity. 
Jharkhand to earn Rs. 5,863.69 Crore towards royalty from the 09 coal blocks auction that fetched Rs. 43,108.35 Crores e-Auction proceeds.
Good Morning. 
Don't be so predictable that you can't surprise people around you or even yourself. Unpredictably too can be monotonous. Good Night.
Smartest people see the world through different set of eyes,they treat all nicely &amp; helps them achieve their purpose.This makes them leader.
Saina Nehwal becomes 1st Indian woman shuttler to be World's No. 1.
It is high time more&amp;more common tertiary treatment plants are set up for reuse of water in non-potable applications. 
Political parties with enormous organizational&amp;institutional strength will react only if there is political gain.Too much cynicism to bear.
How about a separate ministry for ecological conservation-home to a unique blend of mystique, adventure &amp; of course business opportunities.
India(37)outperforms China(87)in govt transparency index among 102 countries, reports Washington based World Justice Project.It's heartening
Wishes to countrymen on auspicious Ram Navmi-गो द्विज धेनु देव हितकारी, कृपासिन्धु मानुष तनुधारी। 
Write down your goals as this burns them in your consciousness &amp; heightens your awareness around them.Good Morning &amp; have a good day ahead.
Meditating helps get refreshed, not just physically but spiritually. It restores  spiritual vigour &amp; strengthen you from inside. Good Night.
Development needs give &amp; take. If some interests are suspended in the larger interest of country then so it be. We are ready for our nation.
Planting&amp;nurturing trees, saplings, shrubs, herbs, creepers&amp; climbers is a way of keeping environment clean &amp; green. 
Investing in yourself is the biggest investment possible. It helps one to greatly enhance productivity and thereby changing his/her life.
I work bcz I enjoy work. To me, work is worship bcz it's worth a sense of purpose &amp; gives happiness &amp; contentment to me &amp; those around me.
Gujarat state added 2553.57 MW to the existing installed capacity of the renewable energy sector between 2010 &amp;2014. 
With SC allowing GoI to announce winners of spectrum auctions, Govt may realize in this FY itself the huge amount &amp; reduce fiscal deficit.
Opportunities are in front of everybody &amp; everywhere.You just need to believe that if it is worth doing there is no short cut. Good Morning.
शब्दों में तराशता हूँ अर्थ,
और फिर कोई रंग लेकर इन्द्रधनुष से
रंग देता हूँ स्याह से मंज़र.!!
Life is about making connections, nurturing relationships and finding opportunities. Momentum is only gained by working hard. Good Night.
Crisis teaches 1 to manage his own composure. It's a competency that characterizes a polished seasoned leader optimistic abt the path ahead.
Through Reuse &amp; Recycling of Water, Plastics, e-Wastes etc also one can contribute in Clean India Mission. 
With conscious efforts by the companies to increase diversity, things are changing for better advancement of Women at Leadership Positions.
#Ahmedabad,a busting metropolis with rich pre-Mughal heritage&amp;galloping economy is ready for major flagship projects. 
Increase in surrender compensation by Govt of #jharkhand should eventually lead the Maoists to join the mainstream. 
4U9525 aircraft was 24 years old, its normal age is 9 years. It got safety warning 4 months ago. It cost 148 lives. 
Always progress towards possibilities &amp; stop living in denial mode. Take risks, make shifts. There is always a HOPE. Have a good day ahead.
The secret of happiness is to be free of Fear and Execration (Hatred).Fear is like a toxin that runs through much of our thinking.Good Night
Knowing yourself is beginning of all wisdom.It requires time spent in solitude,some periods of introversion &amp; a conversation with yourself.
The secret to life's purpose is to be happy &amp; that can be experienced only when we stop giving &amp; taking sorrow. Enjoy each moment smiling.
Who's afraid of Maxwell or Mike Stark? India with overpowering crucial 5 over power play can beat Aussies tomorrow.
Scrapping of 66A is welcome, so long as the freedom on digital media does not overstep on sovereignty, communal harmony and decency.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. The heart is like a flower unless it is open it cannot release fragrance into the world. Good Mg.
Health is wealth. Without energy we will never be able to realise our dreams &amp; live our best. So eat well. Exercise &amp; sleep properly.Gd Nt.
To achieve anything in life, there has to be a desire-Desire to be the best. Free yourself to think &amp; dream. The possibilities are endless.
Roof top solar power in Jharkhand is a good initiative-starting with CM's house, Sachivalay etc sets good example. 
Never allow painful experiences of the past to cloud ur perception for the present,take steps to build on ur strength&amp;handle your weakness.
Life is about making an impact; and Authentic success does take hard work and discipline. Make a Living by making a Difference.
Indian men contribute only 19 minutes per day for domestic/household work, as against 298 minutes per day by Indian women.
This is your life. Do what you love, and do it often. 
Go on &amp; do all you can with it, &amp; make it the life you want to live. Focus on building great days &amp; great life is sure to follow. Gd Mg.
Everyone has a special moment. At the end of the day think about those &amp;reflect on how you spent your day. Evaluate to do your best. Gd Nt.
A successful transformation is when employees understand their role and be clear on how their performance is measured.
To gain competitive advantage every organisation needs to explicitly rethink the process of talent mgmt attracting,motivating&amp;retaining.
Lee Kuan Yew a man of passion succeeded in turning Singapore into one of the world's financial powerhouses. "May his soul rest in peace"
Success for most of the start ups is not only the idea but strategy to execute it well. Execution is the measure of desired distinction.
Real strength &amp; learning comes from the failures &amp; struggles in life. The harder the struggle, more glorious would be the victory. Gd Mg
Remembering Bhagat Singh, Rajyaguru &amp; Sukhdev, who sacrificed themselves for India &amp; gladly accepted gallows in Lahor on March 23, 1931.
Good Morning 
Always end the day with a positive thought. No matter how it went. Tomorrow's a fresh opportunity to make it better. Keep calm. Good Night.
The art of business is to create and capture opportunities early, exploit them decisively, and moving on even before they are exhausted.
Social media today has empowered the common man or woman &amp; has become their voice to express their opinions&amp;raise awareness in our country.
To create long term business value 1 must test credibility of ideas,balance ideas with data &amp; Instinct with Analysis. 
No water,No life.Wasting, polluting &amp; misusing water is crime against future generations. The World Water Day today. 
True joy of life is when u know u r capable of dealing with whatever comes&amp;have courage to be strong enough to live. 
Good Morning. Have a great Sunday. 
#UPCM @yadavakhilesh
Delayed implementation results into huge cost overruns. 224 infra projects see cost overruns of Rs. 2.11 Lakh Crore.
Day &amp; Night equal today. It's Jamshed Navroz. Chaitri Pratipada-the Day Krishna ascended to Golok Dham from Somnath. 
Do we ever have time to think as to how can we make these sparrow species around us more 'fit for survival'. 
See the bright side of things. Be hopeful, cheerful &amp; optimistic. This will give you peace. Good morning.
आज से नव वर्ष का शुभारंभ। 'वासंतिक नवरात्रि, गुडी पडवो, युगादि, उगाडी, चेटी चांद, नवो बर्ष' की हार्दिक शुभ कामना। 
भले छीन लो मुझसे मेरी जवानी
मगर मुझको लौटा दो बचपन का सावन
वो काग़ज़ कि कश्ती, वो बारिश का …
Biogas plants generate gas, electricity &amp; manure using animal dung &amp; kitchen waste. Save money &amp; protect health. 
Garbage is gold provided it's handled in right manner.It has potential to generate thousands of jobs for men &amp; women. 
Many NGOs flourish on foreign funds; and might have been involved in anti-national activities.
All NGOs may not be bad, but many of them mint money in the name of service to humanity; do very little &amp; talk very loud.
Good Morning. 
#Jharkhand lags behind in average road construction with 86.26 km per 1,000 sq.km. as against national average of 182.40 km.
Swiss Govt's move to change Tax Administrative Assistance Act is welcome.It will increase transparency in black money flow to Swiss Banks.
Good Morning. 
52% posts in Gujarat &amp; 36% in Jharkhand vacant in AIR, according to I&amp;B minister's reply to my RSQ. Pvt FM radios flourish at whose cost?
Ahmedabad Metro rail, ground-breaking ceremony of which was done recently, to connect Dholera SIR. 
Domestic helicopter operators kept an unblemished record in 2014 with no accident reported from them, says Govt of India.It is heartening.
Govt of Guj is in process of constructing six new air-strips each at Dwarka, Ambaji, Palitana, Dahej, Ankaleshwar &amp; Morbi.
Good Morning 

कोई सांसो का हिसाब रखता है भला ?!
Now get flight status &amp; Lofares with just a tweet!

और
जो खुद को जानता हैं, वह ज्ञानी हैं। Gm
Internet based trading, including mobile trading, in India comprises of 25% trade on NSE &amp; 12% on BSE.
A quantum leap towards Digital India: online trading of shares; which began in 2010; jumped to 135.18% in 2014-15 registering sharp growth.
Remembering Kalpana Chawla (b. March 17, 1962), an Indian-American astronaut on US space shuttle Columbia. 
India's installed solar power generation is 3,000 MW. Gujarat leads with 30% share-about 900 MW. 
Like it happened after 1st phase of reforms, We should have patience to taste fruits of spectrum auction, coal auctions &amp; insurance law.
Good Morning 
I raised issues of railways for #Gujarat &amp; #Jharkhand today in rajyasabha during discussion on Rail Budget-2015. 
Unseasonal rains in Gujarat/Maharashtra to delay mango season &amp; cause 45% failure of  crop.Mangoes to cost 20% more. 
For the women by the women Pink Auto Service in Ranchi: A unique initiative for women. Congratulations. 
Nothing is impossible when God is on your side. Good Morning. 
@TheHock…

5,379 Indian fishermen are released by Pakistan from 1994-95 till date.

कुछ अमल भी ज़रूरी है, इबादत के लिए, 
सिर्फ सजदा करने से, जन्नत नहीं मिलती..
801 Indian boats captured by Pak Marines are now untraceable. 344 Indian fishermen still in Pak jails.
After 2004, for the 1st time Pakistan is releasing 57 fishing boats seized by Pak Marines from Gujarat's coast.
Good Morning. 
वफा करने वाले दोस्त तो अक्सर गरीब होते हैं।
I mourn sad demise of 3 term ex-MP of J'nagar Daulatsinhji Jadeja-fondly called Daulatbapa-father of cricketer Ajay Jadeja. My condolences.
A major breakthrough:Ahmedabad's scientist Mamta Saiyad developes an import substitute radiation resistant composite polymer for spaceships.
Jharkhand,Chhattisgarh,Orissa-richest in minerals&amp;poor people.  I'm lucky to be in Select Committee of rajya sabha for Mines&amp; Minerals bill.
NHAI is behind schedule in executing 125 highway projects. 13 roads in border areas &amp; 54 stretches in LWE impacted zones also delayed.
Good Morning 
India ranks 6th in the world in Child Marriages. As per 2011 Census, country has 17 million married children- UP highest with 2.8 million.
Good morning 
Gujarat connection of Solar Impulse? Polymer poly ether ketone used in the plane's parts is produced at Panoli, Ankaleshwar.
@aamir_khan sounds true when he says PK never intended to hurt sentiments. 'believe you, Aamirbhai.
Are you upset if others point out your faults? They are helping you to improve yourself. Good Morning.

दौलत चाहे
कितनी भी बेईमानी से
घर आये,

पर
उसकी पहरेदारी के लिए
सबको
इमानदार शख्स ही चाहिए...
Pics- Modiji worshipping@GangaTalao@Mauritious htt…
Rajya Sabha members yesterday were in agreement that airline companies charge exorbitant fairs and actually extort money from passengers.
Memorable March 12: Mahatmaji began Dandi March in 1930. Mauritius' independent in 1968.PM Modi in Mauritius in 2015. 
Good Morning. 
SC disposed 1455 rape cases b/w 2009 &amp; 2013. In various HCs, 31000 rape cases are pending. 93 women become victim of rape per day in India.
About 40 lions in a unique display of common sense, jumped into river water to escape fire in Babul forest near Gir. 
East Japan Railway Company led consortium of Japanese companies is keen to take up 500km Ahmedabad-Mumbai high speed rail project-says CII.
CM-Jharkhand announces setting up of Defence University in the State-a good move to boost education &amp; employment opportunities for youths.
Govt of Gujarat to begin hydraulic survey, feasibility report &amp; DPR to construct bridge between Okha &amp; Bet Dwarka. 
When 'I' is replaced by 'We', even 'Illness' becomes wellness. Good morning. 
आँखों की हिरासत में थे... 
फिर तेरी याद आई और 
इन्हें जमानत मिल गई...
ये मत सोचो कि 
कौन सा दोस्त काम आएगा?

बल्कि ये सोचो कि 
अब कौन सा दोस्त अपनी
'औकात' दिखाएगा!:)
With secured quarter final entry, Indian to meet Ireland-also a giant killer in Pool B match at Hamilton today. 
A solar-powered Swiss airplane on 35K km world tour in 25 days to cross Arabian sea &amp; land at Ahmedabad today. 
Good Morning to all. 
'Meghani Vandana'-Gujarat pays homage to 'Rashtriya Shayar' Jhaverchand Meghani on his 68th death anniversary today. 
7% GDP growth? It's 'too optimistic'. Cautions ASSOCHAM after a post budget survey of 189 CEOs &amp; CFOs. 
Unjustified medical insurance, hospitalization, visits &amp; treating patient only on medical report rather than using own acumen is unethical.
Unnecessary expensive cardiac stents, fixing nail/plate in bones, prescribing highest generation antibiotics for meager cause is unethical.
Gd Mg.'You don't always need a plan.Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust &amp; let go &amp; see what happens.'Mandy Hale 

Vinod Mehta, founder editor-in-chief and editorial chairman of Outlook India passes away. It is sad- a great loss to Indian journalism.
Unethical, immoral &amp; law-breaking medical practices need to be stopped to bridge the trust-deficit between doctors and patients.
International Women's Day today should remind us that masochist thinking brought about serious moral, social &amp; economic downfall.
Forgiveness can kill many physical &amp; mental ills. Its healing power is very great. Good morning.
अब वो एक खास अंदाज़ से हमें नज़रअंदाज़ करते हैं।
Climate change poses a big challenge worldwide. Though late, many efforts have been initiated to mitigate the risk but with little success.
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi, as Gujarat CM, penned a book 'Convenient Action' on climate change &amp; began seriously. Let's follow him.
Let's join hands as Indian society to fight against climate change, which has emerged as the biggest challenge before the world.
Speak sweetly &amp; softly. You will conquer the hearts of all. Do not retort. Good morning.
Flute maestro Hariprasad Chorasia pledges to speak against use of plastic of less than 20 microns in every concert. 
Cricket fans to also observe a different holi- a Holi of Runs between India &amp; WI in a world cup match.
Let the joyous festival of colours bring in more fun, happiness and cheers to our lives. 
डूबता भी हुं तो समंदर उछाल देता है ।
वृन्दाबन की सुगंध , बरसाने की फुहार ,
राधा की उम्मीद , कान्हा का प्यार ,
#Holi @HarbirSi…
How can one justify media's one upmanship by using rapist and giving him a platform?...and BBC, you too?
Happy Holi to all of you across the world 
Gujarat among top 10 states with most number of Pakistani nationals (43) living in India. Rajasthan with 1,705 Pak nationals tops the list.
Is it not an irony that the joyous festival of colours coincide Holika Dahan- burning of Holika? 
Good Morning. Pray for those who dislike and hate you. This is the right way of dissolving problems.
16% staling rate of pvt projects in India in last 5 yrs  is alarming.161 Govt projects stalled due to land acquisition, funds&amp;clearances.
Number of tigers at Palamu Tiger Reserve, Jharkhand reduced to 3 in 2014 from 17 in 2007. It's a matter of concern. 
CBI arrests notorious tiger-poacher Kiuttu, active in Male Ghat Tiger Reserve, from Katni, MP for killing 2 tigers. 
Always keep your promise. You will be respected and trusted by all your friends. Good Morning.
The world's largest&amp;tallest tricolour unfurled today at Faridabad. 96x64 ft,48 kg flag was hoisted at 250 ft height. 
661 MPs, including 176 from Rajya Sabha, i.e. 84% responded to SAGY. I've adopted Jaratoli-Badam Panchayat in #Jharkhand as Adarsh Gaon.
All eyes in #jharkhand today on CM Raghubar Das who is to present the State's budget as FM in the State assembly.
Only when you share your gifts with others, will you yourself deserve the gifts of  peace, love and prosperity. Good Morning.
A true serenity and pureness of yourself, a cheerful mind, it is the strong mind that passes through many difficulties. Be Strong &amp; Certain.
Whatever you aspire to be, be with the dream one hundred percent. When you are truly committed to your dreams, you dream, believe &amp; achieve.
'To make J&amp;k a model of development like Gujarat, you need peace'; well said Mufti Mohammad Sayeed, CM-J&amp;K.
A deepening power crisis knocks South Africa's economy, which is still struggling to recover from recession of 2009.
Trust his Words, Deeds, Decisions, Visions. Trust Krishna once. He entrusts Himself forever. Jay Shri Krishna. Gd Mg. 
सब किरायेदार हैं,   घर बदलते रहते हैं...
Do ur duty for a cause, not for praise.Live life to express, not to impress.Don't try to make ur presence noticed.Just make ur absence felt.
If man cannot find peace, can there be peace in the world? Peace begins when you not allow others to control your emotions.
In #Gujarat, Gandhinagar's GIFT City, DMIC, Dholera SIR &amp; global heritage site of Rani ki Vav, Patan to get huge boost.
Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, #Jharkhand at last gets IIT status-a long pending demand is met.
There's nothing more precious than time.Even though you can't change time, realise it's time for you to change. Change for the better.Gd Mg
Urging Pak PM Nawaz Sharif to help expediting visa process for the eight member delegation for the release of 57 Indian boats.
Budget 2015-16 provides for good push for infrastructure development and social security. All segments of economy to benefit.
On the back of two major kills, Dhoni &amp; team to have ease of playing against UAE today.
With promising picture of economy through the Economic Survey, optimism about the Budget today is very high.
Good morning. Come what may, today I'm going to smile. Smile generates smiles. You inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
दुःख निराशा ग़म हो …… कोई नहीं देखता 
दर्द दुविधा हो ……  कोई नहीं देखता 
एक ग़लती हो … …
पर देनेवाला कोई और होता है ।
Gir Asiatic lions' census to start on May 2. First time the census to cover 25,000 sq.km. area across Saurashtra. 
Beautiful golden mountains on the Earth- Mount Kailash, Everest, Hunza and Denver Colorado. 
May today be the Sunshine of your hope. Strive to reach your goal ! The future is carved out of the present moment. Have a great day ahead.


 #RailBudget2015
Rail budget today: a big ticket announcement or infra funding? Our Railway is longest, cheapest &amp; India's lifeline. 
Remembering Vinayakbhai Damodar Savarkar- legendary freedom fighter on his death anniversary. (d. Feb 26, 1966) 
Govt of Gujarat to set up first Health University of its kind at a cost of  Rs. 100 Crore at Palaj near Gandhinagar. 
Amazing colourful flowers look something different. It's nature. जो देखता है कहता है कुदरत खुदा की है। Good Morning. 
इंसान अच्छा लगता है

तो कुछ इंसानों से
रिश्ता अच्छा लगता है !

~ जय माधव ~
मगर बेटा वसीयत को बहुत संभालके रखता है।
Just as fire produces smoke, your actions produce effects that can be positive as well as negative. Choose your battles wisely every  time..
10 Indian-Americans are among 67 new members &amp; 12 foreign associates elected to America's prestigious National Academy of Engineering.
Do not waste your energy discussing others' mistake. It's a waste of time. If you notice it, correct it-that is smartness. You are the best.
Per capita income in #Gujarat crosses Rs. 1 lakh mark and registers 14.8% increase compared to previous year.
5th consecutive revenue surplus budget of GoG. Rs. 100 Cr for ring roads in Jamnagar, Rajkot, Bhavnagar &amp; Vadodara. 
World's largest Hindu temple 'Akshardham' at New Jersey, US. Jay Swaminarayan. Jai Hind. Good Morning. 
SC Panel asks NTCA's fresh opinion as tiger numbers go up. So no translocation of Gir lions? 
A lioness of the 2 Asiatic lion couples, brought to Barda forest from Gir, is to give birth to cubs in a month or so. 
Human encroachment disturbs wildlife. Vehicle's knocking sound makes Gir lion leave quenching his thirst half way.

Death anniversary of Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII, the last Nizam of Hyderabad &amp; Berar (d. Feb 24, 1967). 
Ship Struma carrying Jewish refugees from Romania to the British Mandate of Palestine: Feb 24, 1942: 781 Jews died. 
I mourn sad demise of leading businessman Bhadrashyam Kothariji; share grief of his family &amp; that of Ambani family. 'pray for departed soul.
Swine flue still at large. Doctors should create trust among patients about their conviction to combat the decease. 
Pride of #Jharkhand: 14 yr school girl Nishu Kumari selected by S&amp;T Deptt to tour to Japan for developing aircooler. 
Most doctors nowadays have not remained God for the patients, as patients feel cheated at the hands of doctors. 
Swine flue scare: Often doctors/chemists charge heavily taking disadvantage of innocent patients. 
At Nav Gujarat Business Awards Ceremony releasing their compendium with Gujarat's ministers and other dignitaries. 
Mumtaz Jahan Begum- Madhubala, the Venus of the Indian cinema of yesteryears, breathed her last on Feb 23, 1969. 
Good Morning. Monday Lovely Day. Wishing you a great week. 
वरना तुझसे मिलने कि तमन्ना कभी पूरी नहीं होती...
124th birth anniversary of Induchacha(b. Feb 22, 1892); who led Maha Gujarat Movement for statehood to Gujarat. 
Pak Govt's decision to release 57 boats of Indian fishermen is breakthrough in Goodwill Mission initiated by @PMOIndia Sh  @narendramodi
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. (Said Abraham Lincoln). Good Morning. Happy Sunday. 
before looking  who's wrong..!!
Read it once again to keep YouR relations safe n Strong."
Gm.

Auction of 15 coal blocks so far to yield Rs. 1 Lakh Crore to states. #jharkhand to get Rs. 14,498 Crore from sale proceeds.
Indian Players still have time to learn negotiating yorkers from Dale Steyn &amp; Morn Morkel, if they have to face SA bravely tomorrow.
International Mother Tongue Day: Gujarati in UNESCO list of languages on verge of extinction is a matter of concern. 
Dwindling number of elephants in India is alarming. 32,750 in 2009 reduced to 25,600 in 2014. 
One is unhappy because he himself doesn't change; though he changes dwellings, dresses and relations. Good Morning. 
Out of 172 Indian fishermen released from Pakistan jails, 133 were in custody for 16 months and 39 were for 8 months. 
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi  to signal Kodarma-Hazaribag rail line. Hazaribag joins railway after 182 yrs of becoming district in 1833 A.D.
Itkhori in Chatara, #Jharkhand is rich treasure-house of Jain, Buddh &amp; Hindu heritage. A potential spot for tourists. 
New chariot of Dwarkadheesh to be made from 100kg silver to eventually replace 70 yrs old one. 
Yes I am a strong person, but every now &amp; then I need someone to take my hand &amp; say everything will be ok. Gd Mg. 
रास्ते सीधे हैं . . .

मुश्किल तो उन्हें होती है
जिनकी चाल ही 'टेढ़ी' है!:)
Fullfledged govt, after expansion under CM Raghubar Das, Jharkhand should be on track of development with its mineral and other resources.
#Jharkhand's rich &amp; scenic waterfalls at Hundru, Johna, Dassam, Panch Gadh, Hirni, Lodh have huge tourism potential. 
Remembering great warrior Maratha King Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj (b. Feb 19, 1627) on his birth anniversary. 
Homage to great patriot Gopal Krishna Gokhale on his death anniversary (d. Feb 19, 1915). He was a mentor to Gandhi. 
You are the artist of your life. Choose your colours wisely. Happy Morning. 
अपने सवार को कभी गिरने नहीं देती.....
ना किसी के "कदमो" में और
ना किसी के "नज़रो" में....:)
Dhirubhai Ambani Memorial, Chorwad is another tourist destination for visitors of Junagadh, Gir, Somnath in #Gujarat. 
RIL Chairman Sh Mukesh D. Ambani conferred an honorary Doctor of Science degree by his alma mater Institute of Chemical Technology, Mumbai.
Swine flue spreads tentacles. 624 deaths, 9,311 patients in India in last 45 days. Gujarat among worst affected.
My obeisance to Swami Ram Krishna Paramhansa (b. February 18, 1836) on his birth anniversary. 
#हरहरमहादेव #MahaShivratri 
Fierce bidding expected for upcoming 2G/3G spectrum auction. Govt is likely to garner Rs. 65,000 Crore approx. &amp; narrow down fiscal deficit.
Greetings to all on Maha Shivratri. 21 Crore Shiv Smaran Mantra Jaap at Somnath. 
Count down for country's 1st Smart City at Dholera Special Investment Region in Gujarat begins today with opening of GIDB office.
5,012 page Mahabharata in Persian in Hyderabad's Jamia Nizamia Library: translated 350 yrs ago by Abul Fazal, a scholar in Akbar's court.
For things to change, someone somewhere has to act differently. Why not start with you? Listen to your inner voice and just start. Gd Mg.
When going get tougher and goal seems farther, one must keep the spark inside him burning fiercely and keep persistent till achieved.
Life is Magical.Sometimes things might pull you back. Don't be afraid.Situation comes &amp; goes.Be Positive. Focus on what you want.
Swine flue scare, particularly in Rajasthan, Maharashtra etc causes loss of Rs. 5,500 Car to tourism industry; estimates ASSOCHAM.
India won cricket match against Pak yesterday but Pak won our hearts when it released 172 Indian fishermen as goodwill gesture.
Good Morning. To defuse your anger change your thoughts. It's not someone or something that makes you angry but your own thoughts. Stay cool
लोग मरते हैं तो गुरूर कहाँ जाता है?!
इश्क हार नही मानता,दिल बात नही मानता..
5th Reliance Sabarmati Marathon: 10K runners: 47+12 Differently abled:198 Full, 1969 Half Marathon: 8K Dream Runners. 
All eyes on India-Pakistan World Cup 2015 match today. Pak has never won any world cup match against India. 'hope the trend continues.
Spend few moments everyday for God; Nature; Saint; Scripture &amp; Self. - Pujya Morari Bapu: Pranam: Jay Shri Ram 
India's move to ban the dreaded militant outfit ISIS and designate it as terrorist organization is welcomed by US too.
Happy Valentine day-the Day of divine  and sublime love-to all my friends, colleagues, associates; wherever they are. 
WATCH 

#WorldRadioDay #RememberingAIR htt…
Don't store dreams in eyes,they may roll down with tears. Store them in your heart,
each heartbeat will inspire you to fulfill them. Gd day.
With Sh Amit Shah at wedding reception of Jay-Rishita along with Varsha, Dhanraj-Bhoomi on Feb 12, 2015 at Ahmedabad. 
Remembering Sarojini Naidu (b. Feb 13, 1879), freedom fighter who inspired Indian women to join Gandhi's struggle. 
Every morning is destiny's way of telling us that our purpose in life is yet to be fulfilled. Good Morning
आज में जीयें
और 
आने वाले कल पर भरोसा रखें!

क्योंकि जीना इसी का नाम है!:)
No one has won a game of chess by moving only forward. Sometimes you have to move backward to get a better step forward!
That's life.
Seven wonders of the world! 1. To see 2. To hear 3. To touch 4. To taste 5. To feel 6. To laugh 7. To love. 
India's foreign exchange reserve reaches highest ever figure of $330 billion; with increase of $6 billion last week.
Swami Dayanand Saraswati, a scholar was born on Feb 12, 1824 at Tankara, near Morbi in Gujarat 
Life is like a mirror. It will smile at you if you smile at it. Good Morning.
@mpparimal 
At inauguration of 11th Kavya Sangeet Samaroh at Ahmedabad-Amaaro Gujarati Ullaas-festival of Gujarati poetry &amp; music 
One must not fear the challenges in life as success is not achieved in the first attempt.Be positive,embrace your fear &amp; move forward.
You have strength inside you that is greater than the troubles you face. Always stay strong &amp; decisive. Don't allow your fears to run wild.
To begin; begin. The achievement of any goal requires small steps taken every day. Make today the day you step up &amp; never look back. Gd day.
Much delayed work on Ranchi-Bokaro Express Way in #Jharkhand should begin and complete as fast as possible.
Love is happiness of today and promise of tomorrow. Happy promise day to all.
One must believe in himself. Success; fame; wealth&amp;position can't be gifted to someone. One needs to work hard to make his dreams come true.
With Hon'ble CM; Jharkhand Sh Raghubar Das &amp; BJP Gen Secy(Org.) Rajendra Singh at marriage of Jay (S/o Sh Amit Shah). 
Great organizations are not measured by salaries; work timings &amp; work conditions. They are measured by feelings; attitudes &amp; relationship.
PESB has recommended Subir Chandra, GM, MCL/CIL for  post of Director (Technical), Central Coalfields Ltd
National Games: Archer Deepika Kumari leads #Jharkhand to gold in recurve event.
Follow your dreams; work hard; practice and preserve. Our potential is limitless and it's up to us to tap into it. Have a great day ahead.
You can change everything and everyone around you by building a positive attitude; high self-esteem and by accepting responsibility.
Let there never be any doubt about what you stand for. Success is not about results. It's the courage to undertake journey that you believe.
#jharkhand CM's demand for special package before Niti Aayog is the need of an hour to put up #jharkhand on fast track development.
Sunday 8th Feb turned black day with 10 swine flue deaths taking toll to 81 and registering 117 new cases to total 744 patients in month.
Good Morning. There is nothing more powerful than a human soul on fire! Don't let others kill your flame. Learn to relight your own fire.
मतलब मोहब्बत मैने अकेले ने नही की है....!


#DiamondBourse #SDB
@InfoGujarat 
…
वो वक्त और था..
जब मकान कच्चे और लोग सच्चे होते थे..!!!
With all eyes now on budget; it is expected that Budget should consider dispensing with MAT on SEZs or at least reduce it from 18.5% to 7.5%
Good morning. Never blame a day. Good day gives you happiness &amp; bad day gives experience. One need to learn from that 
Winning or loosing is an outcome determined by your preparation. It's a choice to prepare for win and be successful or succumb to failure.
One must focus on building a character than reputation; for reputation is short-lived and perceived differently. Character is ingrained.
Over 1.33 Cr electorates to decide fate of 673 candidates in Delhi. Vote thoughtfully in favor of those who take country to greater heights.
Delhi voters have to decide between dharnas; agitations &amp; protests on one side and the clean and incorruptible leadership on the other.
Everything we enjoy is result of someone's hard work.Excellence is not luck.It's result of lots of hard work&amp;practice 
वो जिंदगी ही क्या जो छाँव छाँव चली ।।
Pls RT, tha…
Delhi voters must exercise their vote to strengthen the dream of powerful and developed India under visionary leadership.
Connecting your inner self and mastering the subconscious mind gives us the opportunity to gain clarity and become master of our destiny.
Train yourself to make big decisions and learn what it takes to achieve the. More you train the stronger you become to achieve your goals.
Plastindia International University at Vapi is timely as #Gujarat is home for 6500 plastic units; Rs 2400 Cr investment; 61000 employment.
#Surat's GDP is expected to touch $112.3 Billion in next 5 years; &amp; to jump from 9th place to 4th-only behind #Mumbai; #Delhi &amp; #Kolkata.
One must constantly strive to do better &amp; better until he learns &amp; does his best.The art of winning is not to give up but to keep trying. GM
a very foolish 
attitude,  
because each 
person is unique 
and incomparable. Gm
For each day gone is past. We must focus on today. Enjoy &amp; savour every minute; and open the possibility of a positive and promising future.
To be successful one must go with the flow to be flexible; adaptive to new experiences &amp; ideas. A person who chases 02 rabbits catches none.
तिलकायतपू.राकेशबावाजी की बेटीजी के विवाह की पूर्व संध्या:पार्थिव गोहिल व टेम्पल बोर्ड मैम्बर्स:धनराज का जन्मदिन. 
#Gujarat tops in number of animals with 15.36% growth. UP (14.1%) &amp; Assam (10%) 2nd &amp; 3rd. #Jharkhand has less animals with 3.33% growth.
One has to think beyond the preconceived notions &amp; limits of mind to discover the truth of existence &amp; deeper purpose of life. Good Morning
#Painting #Art #animal #horse #Oilprices 
#jharkhand is hosting urologists' conference at #RANCHI- being attended by Dr. Janak Desai of #Gujarat &amp; host of experts of #India &amp; abroad.
Orbit of influence will take a leap and aspiration will appear even bolder when you are in company of the people who brings the best in you.
Blind prejudices smoothened a potentially difficult path. Never take decisions with a preconceived opinion or judgement. Have an open mind.
Paying obeisance on b'day to Pt. Birju Maharaj (b. Feb 4; 1938); leading Kathak exponent of Kalka-Bindadin gharana. 
Khijadia bird sanctuary near Jamnagar deserves to be a Ramsar site for its unique wetland ecosystem-220 bird species in just 6.05 sq.km.
13th #Russia; #India; #China meet at #Beijing agreeing to combat terrorism is also seen as rebuff to Pakistan in international community.
Why worry when God is all throughout with us. He will make a way when there is none. So; don't worry; be happy. Good Morning.

The secret of success is to have a knowledge of what you want and a wisdom to achieve it. Things do not happen; they are made to happen.
Country must embrace the brightest; newest technology and create an environment where nimble-footed start ups are encouraged and motivated.
You specialize in your particular field; try to know more about it than others &amp; win. If you can't be jack of all; try to be master of one.
R-Jio to begin High speed 4G service in 22 circles in #India soon this year. Hi speed 4G started 1st time in 2009 in Norway &amp; Sweden.
It's pity that work on 376 rural roads in #Jharkhand; most pertain to PMGSY; is standstill due to Naxal problems.
उसको ही बस खुश रख पाया.
जिसके सामने आईना रक्खा,
हर शख्स वो मुझसे रूठ गया..!!
वक्त का भी आदमी जैसा हाल है....!!
International Finance Centre (IFC); originally envisaged in Mumbai; to be at GIFT SEZ; Gandhinagar- Gujarat. Budget to set the tone for IFC.
I am moved by reports that a blind school observed my birthday in Ranchi yesterday. A cricket match was also played. 
#jharkhand to get steel plant alongwith Chhattisgarh; Orissa &amp; Karnataka; Centre Says. State Govt to set up Sports University. It's Good.
Let's keep our conscious focused on what we want &amp; our subconscious mind will definitely guide to it. We are what we think all along. Gd Mg.
#PACEWithBJP htt…
Birthday is not something which one forgets. What is unforgettable is Aug 24; '03 when I was felicitated at my native 
Success means successful living. When we are happy; content; peaceful; joyous; energetic &amp; doing what we love to do we are successful. Gd Mg
Everyday we get a chance to be different. A chance to change. A chance to be better. Our past is our past. Let us leave it there.
A Mig-21 crashed at Sarmat near #Jamnagar today after noon.
GoI sanctioning Indian Agricultural Research Instts (IARI) equivalent to IITs in #jharkhand &amp; #Assam to tap agri-potential of these states.
Fiscal deficit worries abated with Coal India share sale and proposed spectrum auction.
Change your thoughts &amp; change your destiny. Great &amp; noble thoughts upon which we habitually dwell become great acts. Have a happy Saturday.

@ibnlive 
At inaugural ceremony of Gujarat Literature Festival with Sh Saurabh Patel, Hon'ble Min for energy et al at Ahmedabad 
#Jharkhand's tableau on the Republic day parade about Maluti terracotta art declared 2nd best nationally. Congrats. 
Decline in global FDI inflows; but India's FDI increased by 26% in 2014 to US$ 35 Bn with maximum growth in service sector-says UN report.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does-that makes you a winner right there. Good Morning.
'Secular' &amp; 'Socialist' words have lost their shin over a period of time. Their inclusion/exclusion in preamble doesn't matter much.
Foreign Trade Policy likely to be announced soon by the Govt of India-with measures to boost exports and to provide impetus to economy.
GoI's decision; to accept all court orders; ITAT; DRP decisions on TP adjustments; signals that it's an investors' friendly regime.
Gujarat lost a veteran linguist and litterateur of children's literature in death of Ratilal S. Nayak at the age of 93.
Ability is what you are capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. Good Morning.
We're not getting older, we're just growing.Live more g…
Govt gave environment clearance to 191 projects of Rs. 6.5 lakh crore in last 6 months. 371 projects of Rs. 18 lakh crore still unresolved
14th Finance Commission has reportedly suggested to Centre to increase share to states from total tax kitty-from 42% presently to 50%.
#Jharkhand named strong 14-member archery contingent led by Deepika Kumari for the 35th National Games to be held in Kerala from Feb1 to 9.
My respects to Indian classical music maestro Pt. Jasrajji who turns 85 today. 
Remembering Lala Lajpat Rai (b. Jan 28, 1865) of famous freedom-fighters trio Lal-Bal-Pal. 
Most Indians are under 35 years. Young Indians are not just going to define India's future but also the world's; said Barack Obama.
Feel humbled as H.E. Governor of #Gujarat&amp; Hon'ble felicitated me with Shawl, Citation &amp; Memento on Jan 25 at Dwarka. 
Modi-Obama meet to pave way for nuclear sector companies to build JVs for hi tech nuclear manufacturing essential to 'Make in India' program
With Obama-Modi breaking deadlock, civil nuclear agreement of '08 will now be operationalised 
Obama commits enhancing India's 'voice&amp;vote' in IMF.India to up our position to 8th from 11th. 
It is not due to the excellence of your mind,
But..
Purity of your heart."Gm. Jsk.
It was proud &amp; pleasant privilege to inaugurate vintage car rally today at Vadodara. What cute vehicles were they all 
Success is the art of possibility one has to practice with enough passion and will to achieve desired goals with devotion &amp; courage. Gd mg.
It's worrying-tiger numbers declined from 10 to 3 in Jharkhand's Betla Tiger Reserve Forest. 
National Voters' Day today.It is observed since 2011 to create awareness among voters. Election Commission was also formed this day in 1950.
I thank Shrinathji, Rakesh Bawaji &amp; CM-Rajasthan for appointment in Nathdwara Temple Board for 3rd consecutive term. 
With 4th track at #Jamnagar railway station ready &amp; platform almost ready; trains won't have to be stranded 8 km away on Hapa station now.
Low pressure conditions occurring frequently on Mediterranean Sea cause unseasonal rains &amp; snowfall during winter in India; Pak &amp; Iran.
Doubt &amp; Faith are status of mind. Doubt creates darkest moments in our finest hour while faith brings finest moments in darkest hour.Gd Mg.
GoG's recognition to e-vehicles on State's roads after CNG; is another breakthrough in the direction of creating clean environment in State.
Greetings on Vasant Panchami-Saraswati pooja day. Remembering Vir Dada Jasraj who sacrificed on this day in 1031 A.D.  while protecting cows
Drastic change needed in education policy to make school education up to 12th std free across the country for future generations of India.
With education becoming costly in the country; both urban/rural poor &amp; lower middle class' children deserve free education up to 12th std.
Only 'Right to Education' or 'Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan' not enough. School education up to 12th should be free &amp; compulsory across India.
Both Centre &amp; States jointly ensure increased &amp; improved school infrastructure across the country with education up to 12th Std totally free
Although education is a state subject; will the GoI under @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi  make school education up to 12th free across India?
SEZs in the country so far have investment of Rs. 3.80 lakh crore; employed 13.50 lakh people and commanded 31% of total national exports.
Smart leaders innovate; they don't copy; they create; everyday find an opportunity to exercise creative instincts. Wish you a great day.
Nawab of Junagadh Mohabbatkhan in 1880 declared 500 sq.miles of Gir forest as sanctuary with 12 Asiatic lions then. 
Famous Playback singer friend Sh Manhar  &amp; wife visited Dhirubhai Ambani Memorial at Chorwad during marriage of Meet. 
Pakistan Marine Agency abducts 5 boat from Porbandar &amp; 2 boat from Okha with 38 fishermen
#India 2nd most trusted nation in 2015 from 5th in 2014 with 79%. UAE 84%.TheEdelman study puts @PMOIndia @narendramodi image on 1st page.
Facebook claims that it generated $227 billion  worth economic activity globally; including 4.5 million jobs; in the year 2014.
Life is about making choices. To overcome its miseries one has to transcend beyond the dull &amp; deadly attitude &amp; keep experimenting. Gd Mg.
Gir Asiatic Lions' 2015 Census in May. Lions sway over 22,000 sq.km.area now than 10,000 sq.km. during Census of 2010 
Increasing industrial use &amp; global exploitation of oceans to damage health of marine wildlife populations; say scientists.
China's economy grew at 7.4% in 2014-lowest in last 24 years; missed target of 7.5%.
Tiger population in India estimated at 2226 in 2014 which was 1706 in 2010. Curb on poaching can take numbers up to 3000 of early 2000 A.D.
Connecting dots between purpose; passion &amp; action one can actually work on bringing ideas to life &amp; explore his hidden power. Good Morning.
Talk of saving Kashmir's culture in backdrop of total Islamization &amp; en bloc exodus of Pundits is distant dream. Still we ought not give up.
Safe return of 2 Indian youths from wrongful confinement of about 13 months in #Tehran; #Iran; thanks to top govt intervention; is welcome.
 
6483 Indian prisoners are in jails of 68 different countries. 45% of them in Gulf countries' jails. They went there in search of employment.
40 projects worth Rs. 4 lakh crore stuck in various courts &amp; tribunals. It is adversely affecting GDP; says ASSOCHAM report.
Give your dreams the pair of wings undisturbed by the world to achieve great milestone with strong willpower where none has reached before.
US President as Chief Guest on India's 66th Republic day is the biggest ever diplomatic &amp; PR exercise by Govt of India post independence.
Praying for RK Laxman who is critical and on ventilator support-a genius who gave expression to nation's comments through 'you said it'.
@nanditathhakur @mpparimal 
Be true; open minded &amp; modest; have thirst for knowledge; a strong moral conscience and a desire to explore to achieve your goal. Good day.
NHAI &amp; #Jharkhand Govt to construct 3 Elephants corridor tunnels beneath NH-33 to protect elephants frm accidents-1st of its kind in India.
90% schools in Gujarat; Kerala; HP&amp;Karnataka hv library books &amp; In Jharkhand; 89.7%. National average is 78.1%. NE states lowest with 20%.
#Devbhoomi Dwarka district in #gujarat; which will host 66th Republic day celebrations; to get Rs. 289 Cr worth development projects. Kudos!
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi preparing ground for India to turn into $20 Trillion economy from $2 Trillion is truly visionary &amp; ambitious.
Beginning of new year should be a reminder to retrospect past; focus on present and plan for future. Have a rocking January. Good Morning.
Centre to support eastern states in fight against naxals; assures Home Minister Rajnath Singh. Asks to take stern steps.
Eastern States Development Council Meet ends on positive note. Centre-State equal allocation in schemes demanded. Next meeting in #Ranchi.
तेरे दॆखनॆ का गम नहीं, 
पर तेरी यॆ ना दॆखनॆ की अदा दॆखनॆ से कम नहीं .."
With doyen of Indian classical music Sangeet Martand Padma Vibhushan Pt Jasrajji on board A'bad-Delhi flight on 15/1. 
In failed transformations; we often find plenty of plans &amp; programs but no vision. Without a sensible vision nothing is possible. Gd Morning
Eastern States Regional Development Council meeting today at Patna. Special status for whole region; instead of any one State; needed.
Increase in royalty of coal to eastern region states; particularly to #Jharkhand; is a necessary incentive for development of the State.
कोई याद न करे तो भी इंतज़ार रहता है...!!
In a shift in the monetary policy stance; RBI reduces policy repo rate by 25 basis points from 8% to 7.75%. CRR remains unchanged at 4%.
The ignorance of yourself is problem &amp; knowing yourself is solution. Find the potential hidden in you as I believe everybody has it. Gd day.
Identifying 118 towns on Ganga in U'khand; UP; Bihar &amp; J'khand; wastes management etc is beginning on sound footing for cleaning of  Ganga.
Spotting 80 corpses on Ganga's stream near Unnav; UP is shocking. We should rethink on our faith about immersing mortal remains in Ganga.
Hire for attitude; train for skills; develop  motivated workforce to handle situation arising due to changing business environment. Good day
#Jharkhand to have new state capital on the line of #Naya Raipur in #Chhattisgarh. It's a welcome move by new Government of Jharkhand.
11 road projects in Naxalite areas of #Jharkhand could be taken up by DRDO or MES; in absence of no bid coming up.
Shri @narendramodi  saw economics in promoting kite flying as festival; besides joy/ leisure. CM @anandibenpatel rightly furthers his legacy
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi on roof-top will be missed by Ahmedabad on Makar Sanranti. 
Are your emotions affected by people &amp; events?Courage is living life one has created for himself, not something decided by others. Gd Mg.
Self check-in kiosk at #Ranchi airport is a good beginning. Jet &amp; Indigo passengers to benefit initially to get boarding pass from the kiosk
In the wake of commencement of Vistara; Air India cuts its fare by 50% for domestic flights to Rs. 1557 for travel period up to April 30.
रिसालदार बाबा मजार, डोरण्डा, रांची में उर्स मुबारक के मौके पर हमने स्वास्थ्य शिविर लगाया।

---
---
Sent by WhatsApp 
Your motive gives you energy &amp; your attitude puts you in action. Victory is a thing of will. Attitude have solution for all problems. Gd Mg.
Assurance of Shri Mukesh D. Ambani of financial support to make PDPU a university of world ranking is exemplary CSR in education in #Gujarat
Presence of Shri Mukesh D. Ambani in all 7 Vibrant Summits is testimony of the fact that RIL is inseparable from success story of #Gujarat.
VGGIS-2015 dais. RIL Chief Shri Mukesh D. Ambani is seen engrossed on agenda papers. 
Dignitaries on Vibrant-2015 Stage-PM, CM, Shri Mukesh Ambani and galaxy of dignitaries. 
It's a matter of pride that @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi to inaugurate today 7th VGGIS which he initiated as CM#Gujarat 


Good Morning to all Twitter Friends
चुपचाप से बहना और अपनी मौज में रहना।
Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. So do thank the past for a better future. Good Morning.
PBD ended on a promising note with CM; #Jharkhand assured prospective investors of all support and that they can talk to him straight.
Assault on Charlie Hebdo in #Paris did cast a shadow of fear over #Europe and raised question as to how safe the citizens are !
@prarrthana  busy in vibrant you take time from my office
Economic Crisis in #Greece not likely to affect Indian economy. Greece's exit from Euro Zone seems certain after Jan 25 election there.
Welcome CIL unions' assurance to make up for loss of 1 million tonne production &amp; to be part of 100 Cr tonnes production mission by '19-20.



Amidst unexpected situations when fortune strikes against you; you should remain unmoved knowing that finally all will be well. Good Morning
Remembering Mahatma Gandhi &amp; felicitating all on Pravasi Bhartiya Divas-January 9; 2015; the 100th year of Gandhi's return from South Africa
#झारखण्‍ड के मु.मं.श्री रघुवर दास का आज शाम अहमदाबाद हवाई अड्डे पर सांसद श्री परिमल नथवाणी ने स्‍वागत किया। 
Despite plenty of coal reserves in #India; 210.6 million tonnes coal imported in 2014-a 19% increase. India is 3rd largest importer of coal.
@AmdavadiWomania  i have not received mail
Always smile as the best tonic is laughter. The best security is faith. The best ornament is Humility. The richest wealth is Wisdom. Gd Mg.
भारत की आझादी के लिए शहीद #झारखण्ड के अमर सपूत शेख भिखारी और टिकैत उरांव को आज  उनके शहादत दिन पर श्रद्धांजलि। जनवरी ८, १८५८ को वे शहीद हुए।
Unemployment rate in India during 2013-14 was 4.9%. Gujarat had the lowest rate of 1.2% &amp; Sikkim had highest15.8% unemployment percentage.
संभाल कर रखने की चीज हैं. . .

यूं बात-बात पर हर किसी को
दिखाये नहीं जाते!:)
I am glad-jungle king Asiatic lion spotted 65km close to Jamnagar at Chhattar village, caged &amp; released back to Gir. 
Coal strike by 5 lakh workers hits 75% production out of 1.5 million tonnes per day.
Vision is 1 of the secrets of personal transformation. Always start with vision not action. See it &amp; u'll be it. Be it &amp; u achieve. Gd Mg.
Reported clearance of an ordinance by the President to pave  a way for merger of PIO &amp; OCI schemes. A great gift to Indian diaspora on PBD.
Continuous ceasefire violations by #Pakistan show its warmongering character. #Pakistan  deserves a lesson of its life.
A builder's move to construct 1.2 km tall building in #Surat; #Gujarat- taller than Burj Khalifa; it is claimed. 1 sq.km. land identified.
Crude dropping below $50 per barrel causes 2% fall in Sensex.
Don't push your mind like a machine. Love it by allowing space of silence and it will serve you tirelessly. Do meditation. Good Morning.
#Gujarat's politics; bureaucracy &amp; police in crucible as the eventful days ahead with PBD; Vibrant Gujarat; PlastIndia etc are nearing.
5 days' strike of Coal India workers from today is unfortunate as even otherwise Coal India produced 3% less coal in '13-'14 of its target.
सिवाए विश्वास के....
जहाँ खो जायें, फिर वहां से कभी नहीं मिलता..!!
#MahaSangramRall…
Govt of #Gujarat's move to set up 750 mw Solar Power Plant at Vav; Banaskantha is a step to tap potential sunlight &amp; produce clean energy.
As 4 days #Jharkhand State Assembly session begins tomorrow 6th Jan; people have high hopes from the govt with full majority. All the best.
Group clash and subsequent stone-pelting; arson etc in Giridih; #Jharkhand yesterday during a religious procession is unfortunate.
It is ridiculous that leftists would demonstrate protests against Obama's visit to India for Republic day celebrations.
If you allow your mind to carry burdens; you will experience heaviness and become tired easily. Stay cool in your ups and down. Good Morning
वो परेशान होता है तो मुझे नींद नही आती है !!
Mount Girnar Climbing Competition at Junagadh in Gujarat today with 2758 participants to break Norway's world record of 972 contestants.
Let us make this moment happy; it will increase the chances of the next moment  being happy also. Create positivity everywhere. Good Morning
Lui Brail; God of blinds; (b.Jan 4; 1809) in Paris. Developed script  which got recognition after 16 years of his death. He died in 1852.
समस्त ट्विटर मित्रगण , झारखण्डवासियो और सभी को ईद-ए-मिलाद-उन-नबी की मुबारकबाद।
When @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi talks of savings away from gold; he is 100% right b'coz when we buy gold we  waste valuable foreign exchange
@bjpkarnataka 
Blowing off own boat on Porbandar coast &amp; heavy shelling in J&amp;K by Pak rangers confirm that Pak has yet not learnt lesson from Peshawar.
S&amp;T for Human Development is the focus of 102nd Indian Science Congress beginning today at Mumbai. 15K scientists &amp; 7K students to take part

They take lots of investments and time - a daily regime of small positiv…
Sad demise of Vadodara's Royal family member of &amp; Chancellor; MS University Mrs Mrunalindevi Puar. We lost educationist. I pray for her soul
#Australia to return to #India 2nd century red sandstone Buddha statue of Kushan era. It was smuggled from archeological sight at #Mathura.
Rs. 2 per litre excise hike on petrol &amp; diesel to be absorbed by OMCs. Pump price not to be affected. Revenue to be used for building roads.
As announced by @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi on independence day; the GoI today replaced Planning Commission and  renamed it as 'Neeti Aayog'.
Govt of India to get Rs. 2.15 lakh crore in 2015 due to sharp fall in crude price leading to reduce fiscal deficit.
Markets in India which leaped 33% in 2014; is expected to rise further in 2015.
Wishes to twitter friends. Presenting Dwarka calendar '15 to H'ble CM. Calendar download: 
ना जाने कितने सवालों की आबरू रखती है !
With president's nod to NJAC; 20 yrs old collegium for appointment of judges comes to an end. Filling of vacancies should now be faster.
As per UNESCO Institute of Statistics; only 17% primary &amp; 45% middle schools in #India provide computer education; as against 100% in #China
It's innovative of Dariapur Police Station; #Ahmedabad to host dinner for community leaders; as the area remained peaceful throughout 2014.
#Rampur; near #Nadiad in #Gujarat with 2200 population has 400 youths abroad-1 from each house-thanks to the village co-op. credit society.
Sanskrit as optional language in Kendriya Vidyalayas &amp; Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalays alone created 1500 jobs for teachers next academic year.

#AirAsia #QZ8501 
Sh @AmitShahOffice; we believe was innocent from day 1 n 
Jharkhand's giant Dhoni declares retirement from test-cricket. All cricket lovers, not only from #Jharkhand but entire #India will miss him.
Remembering Kanaiyalal Maneklal Munshi-the renowned scholar; author who gave us the phrase 'Gujaratni Asmita'-was born today in 1887.
During recent visit to Mauritius for holidaying. 'had a great fun &amp; experience with lions. Enjoyed submarine ride too 
Outrageous elephants in #Jharkhand. Damage houses; crops; trees and injure villagers. Simdega; Badhmu; Sonahatu etc in grip of fear.
Raman Maharishi; known worldwide as Sage of Peace was born today in 1879. People seeking peace still go to his Ashrams.
जब कोई नहीं होता..तब कोई होता है
Congratulations to Hon @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi &amp; his cabinet for approving smoothening of the land acquisition process. It is welcome.
It's time #Jharkhand Govt begins process to distribute uniforms to 50 lakh students of Govt schools, as academic term to end in March '15.
Govt's move to offer 18 lakh acres of surplus land of PSUs for infrastructure projects is timely and welcome for infrastructure development.
Announcement by #Gujarat CM @anandibenpatel to make an air-strip in Dwarka will give boost to tourism in ancient town of Lord Krishna.

Dhirubhai Ambani, a large hearted/lion hearted man had economic emancipation and prosperity of India &amp; its people closed to his heart.
Dhirubhai Ambani wanted countrymen to talk @ post card on phones when telcom cos charging @ Rs 6. Dhirubhai dreamt &amp; Mukeshbhai realized it.
Dhirubhai Ambani, with his J'nagar refinery, made India 'net exporter' of petrol, diesel, kerosene, LPG from 'net importer' of these fuels.
Dhirubhai Ambani completely transformed texture of stock mkts by opening doors of investment for middle class with his innovative skills.
Dhirubhai Ambani (b. Dec 28, 1932)-a Man of the Millenium-deserves better recognition from governments of the land. 

15 muslim and some christian inmates at Sabarmati jail, Ahmedabad voluntarily opting to learn Sanskrit language is inspiring.
@IrfanPathan &amp; @iamyusufpathan you are like brothers. I appreciate relationship. I couldn't be in J'nagar. 'am out of India. I too miss you.
Ordinance route for change to Right to Fair Compensation &amp; Transparancy in Land Acquisition R&amp;R Act '13 would speed up infra &amp; PPP projects
Remembering Lance Naik Albert Ekka-1971 war hero &amp; Param Veer Chakra awardee (b. Dec 27, 1942 at Gumla, Jharkhand). 
झारखंड के नव निर्वाचित विधायकों ने सर्वसम्मति से रघुवर दासजी को अपना नेता चुना है. वे अब प्रदेश के नए मुख्य…
How 90 yrs old famous Harkisan Hospital, brought back to life by Nita Ambani of Reliance Foundation... 
All eyes set on Jharkhand as official announcement of CM's name awaited. It will open a new road for sustainable development of the State.
Quantum leap of 88% in  online shopping in India. e-Commerce trade reaches US $ 1.6 Bn. 55% buyers in 26-35 age group &amp; 35% in 18-25 yrs.
Gujarati folk lovers to be nostalgic of their hero of yesteryears Hemu Gadhvi Feel great to be part of Hemu Gadhvi Swarnim Jayanti.
#Jamnagar likely to surpass today Chinese record of 10.67 ft long flute recital by playing 11.11 ft long flute. Also to make 1111 kg curd.
Refusal by RBI's Corp. Debt Restructure Cell to reply RTI query on its operations viz easing loan repayment is in tune with transparancy law
Merry Christmas to all twitter friends &amp; also to all countrymen, including people of Jharkhand. 

#IEA slashing oil demand growth forecast added nervousness in global crude market; as #OPEC too is indifferent to falling crude prices.
टूटे मन से कोई खड़ा नही होता..
- अटल वाणी..
#AtalBihariVajpayee 
इस्लामनगर, #राँची के 336 विस्थापितों को जनवरी '15 में नए आवास मुहैया होंगे,अन्य 16 को मार्च में.शेष 92 को शीघ्रातिशिघ्र मिले ए'सी प्रार्थना.
It's people's victory in #Jharkhand under leadership of @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi &amp; @BJP4India president Sh @AmitShahOffice for stability.
66 Indian fishermen released by Sri Lanka court yesterday to arrive TN today. India released their 12-caught with 2 boats on Sept 30, 2014.
All eyes are set on today's results of #Jharkhand and #J&amp;K. Results to drive political parties to make future strategy.
1,116 Merger &amp; Acquisitions and pvt equity deals valued at $48 Billion in 2014 ; as compared to 949 worth $38 Billion in 2013.
National Mathematics Day today in memory of Indian mathematical genius Srinivas  Ramanujan (born on Dec 22, 1887). 
About 12 to 15 lakh investors of  Jharkhand cheated by 40 'Cheat Fund' companies; 75 FIRs lodged; people of Jharkhand lost about Rs. 2000 Cr
Dharmaj in Gujarat with 11,333 souls is the richest village in India with 13 pvt &amp; govt banks having deposits of Rs. 1,000 Cr in aggregate.
Radium, the precious element invented by Madam Curie &amp; her husband on Dec 21, 1898 during experiment on radio-active properties of minerals.
Remember geography lesson in school ! Dec 21: the longest night- Today is the longest night of 13 hrs &amp; 14 minutes.
After 5th phase of voting Jharkhand; J&amp;K average out 66.03% &amp; 65.5%. 'hope both troubled states to be on track of sustainable development.

At Shri #Nathdwara with Dhanraj, Dadaji, Manojbhai and Smitabhabhi, experienced a spiritual bliss Jay Shrinathji Bawa 
Mid year economic analysis 2014-15 rightly identified the need for clarity on, and better drafting of, the land acquisition act.
Stalled projects worth Rs.18Lac Cr, of which 60% are in infrastructure sector, amounting to 13% of GDP are challenge in economic turnaround.
Sahitya Academy Annual Awards declared. (Late) Ashwin Mehta's book Gujarati essays: 'Chhabi Bhitarni' chosen for award.
#Jharkhand  state assembly elections: 36.90 lakh voters to seal fate of 208 candidates today in 5th &amp; last phase of voting for16 seats.
Pak Taliban's attack reminds me of wht lady Clinton once said: U can't keep snakes in ur backyard &amp; expect them to bite only ur neighbor.
Ancient town of Dwarka selected among 12 Indian cities by Centre to be developed as Heritage City. Jay Dwarkadhish. 
One of the last Gandhians Chuni(kaka)bhai Vaidya is no more; known for river-bed water recharging innovation; my respects to departed soul.
Cyber crime is on rise in the country. 9,989 cases of cyber crime registered &amp; 39,118 cases of cyber fraud reported during 2010 to 2013.
Will #Pakistan Government correct the mistake of Park court? Bail to 26/11 prime accused Zaki-Ur-Rehman Lakhvi is not palatable in any case.
Congrats to ISRO for successful launch of indigenous GSLV Mark-III. Kudos ! Our space scientists. 

A record 38.7% growth in advance tax collections in Gujarat in 2014-15 till Dec 15 is seen as definite sign of economic revival.
Adoption of Karnali-a village on bank of Narmada by @FinMinIndia @arunjaitley is a great news as it would transform holy place in Gujarat.
Kicked off T20 ToI-RIL School Soccer Tournament's Match today with dignitaries &amp; encouraged youngsters at Vadodara. 
at 11 am, wherever we are, let's maintain 2 minutes silence for the innocent kids killed in Pak. no religion is greater than humanity-a rqst
Falling crude, weakening rupee, contracting manufacture in China, feeble ruble, dwindling euro- is global economic crisis looming large?
Will Pak now stop promoting terrorism, will it attack terrorists hideouts &amp; training camps; and arrest the masterminds at large in its land?
Pak which is in habit of rejecting terrorism theory lost 104 lives including 84 children in ghastardly terrorists act. I condole the deaths.
Kudos! #Gujarat Sangeet Natak Academy deserves compliments for simultaneously launching production of 70 Gujarati full length plays.
Broad agreement b/w Centre &amp; States on GST-a major breakthrough. Centre 'stoops to conquer'-keeps petro-products out of GST-as States wished
Reminder to Pak:Dec 16, '71. Pak Army Gen Niyazi surrenders to after 13 days' fierce battle. 93K Pak soldiers PoWs. Banngladesh carved out.
Modern day terrorists are like mythological monsters/demons. Kill one,they emerge multiple. That's why incarnations like Ram-Krishna needed.

Pro-farmers decision by @anandibenpatel's GoG. To bear 50% interest on loans &amp; 50% of their power bills. Rs. 1100 Cr's burden on ex-chequer.
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi 'man ki baat':Terrorist's bullets bought from money from drugs' sale kill security personnels is penetrating.
Indecent behavior of Pak hockey players after victory against #India reflects Pak's sick &amp; naPak mindset-whether battlefield or sportsfield.
200 tons gold ornaments lying with 3 Indian companies as securities against loan is more than gold reserves of Singapur, Sweden &amp; Australia.
इन्सान के घमंड को.. 
न होती मजबूरी तो
हर बंदा खुदा होता.!!!
ToI-RIL T20 Soccer: ToI's Bharat Desai, Hon'ble Minister Saurabh Patel, RIL's Dhanraj Natwani &amp; Bhoomi enjoy match. 
 
A workshop in #Ranchi to manufacture 35 traditional tribal music instruments is a good move on to promote/conserve traditional art &amp; crafts.
Killing of Sarpanchs in #J&amp;K is deplorable &amp; condemned. Govt's stand that no talks with #Pak unless it stops violence is right.
Catch them young: 32 boys’ &amp; 16 girls' teams frm Gujarat to play school-level RIL-ToI Soccer Tournament beginning at Vadodara frm today.
#India can grow @ 6-8% taking advantage of global situation, provided we create a meaningful national consensus -Dr. Manmohan Singh at FICCI
India imports 85% of its crude requirement. 2013-14 oil import bill of US $ 95 Bn was 21% of our total imports &amp; 64% of our trade deficit.
Terrorists' attack of Dec 13, 2001 on temple of our democracy i.e. Indian parliament is just unforgettable &amp; unforgivable from any angle.
UN's declaration of June 21 as 'International Day of Yoga' is a great recognition of ancient India's way of life: 'Yoga: Karmasu Kaushalam'
'had darshan of Lord Dwarkadheesh today &amp; offered obeisance to Shardapeeth of Jagadguru Shankaracharyaji. 
Falling crude oil prices to reduce our import bill substantially &amp; expected to pump in US $ 1.4 trillion into Indian economy, say experts.
Govt's move to set up indology institutes on line of IITs/IIMs will give biggest push to research on ancient knowledge &amp; practices.
Jumbos wreak havoc:18 elephants entered Ghaghra Naditoli in Bedo-Jharkhand &amp; destroyed crops. 
Seeta falls, a scenic place 44km from Ranchi surrounded by forest &amp; hills, where water falls from 300 mtr height. 
Fitch forecasts: World GDP to grow 2.5% in 2014 with buoyancy in US economy. #India to grow by 5.6% in 2014-15 &amp; 6.5% in 2015-16.
Height of pendency of court cases: verdict now in 4 decades old LN Mishra case.1878 Doshipura property dispute case yet await settlement !!
Asha-Lata Mangeshkar sisters together again for 'Ae Hawa...' 30 yrs after 'Man kyon bahka...' in 1984 for Utsav. 'Ae Hawa' launch Dec 10.
@Rahulein @Rohinisgh Under our constitution, anyone can own electronic/print media.Don't media houses too engage in other businesses?
After Rampara Virdi, Barda hills in #Gujarat too is a successful gene pool experiment. 2 lion pairs engage in mating 
#Rajkot 1 of 40 global pilot cities recognized for reducing carbon emissions. To reduce 14% CO2 emissions by '16-UN Climate Change Meet-Peru
With voting on 17 seats today in phase-lll, Jharkhand still has a chance to vote for efficiency, performance &amp; stability in the State.
A village near Idar in Gujarat offers education in Sanskrit medium. It offers 'Shastri'- graduation equivalent degree after 08 yrs of study
Muslim kids too from nursery/KG onwards learn Sanskrit as major subject in Maathura-a village 4 km away from Shimoga town in Karnataka.
Bhagvat Geeta is accepted world over as a great philosophy in one way or other. Making it India's National Book need not raise hue &amp; cry.
94 deaths this year on unmanned Rly gates are tragic &amp; shocking. Soon we get rid of 11563 unmanned Rly gates in the country is good for us.
Rashtriya Lok Adalat yesterday in Ranchi was a great success. Dealt 32.93 cases. Rs. 253 Crore's Settlement.
At last Jamnagar's typical &amp; world famous bandhani saaries get GI patents. It's moral boosting for textile artisans. 
Let jet fuel price fall. So what? Come Christmus; be ready to pay higher fares; you air travellers ! Nov '14 fares are 20% up than Nov '13.

My prayers to Dwarkadhish to rest departed soul of Sunilkumar Shukla, son in law of Gujarat's minister Vasuben Trivedi, in eternal peace.
Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Sagar Darshan Dham inaugurated today. Kokilaben, Keshubhai Patel remained present. 
Homage to Dec 5 martyrs of J&amp;K terrorists attack wherein Ranchi's Lt Col S Shukla (24-Punjab Regiment) too lost life. 
Sometimes doctors, sometimes patients insist; but 35% of knee-replacement surgeries are avoidable, say AIIMS/experts. 
As a crocodile park shaping up in #Vadodara, the world famous petrochem city will soon be a destination for crocodile lovers, after #Jaipur.
#China replaces #US as the economic super power as per IMF statistics. Its 16.5% share in world economy is higher than that of 16.3% of US.
Total coal mine deaths b/w '06 &amp; '10 were: 519 in India, 117 in US &amp; 3532 in China(IIT-Roorki/University of Queensland researchers' report).
As many as 295 infrastructure sector projects worth Rs. 150 Cr or more delayed causing cost over-runs of Rs. 1,01,436 Cr.
3000 Indian fishermen in 650 boats had to return empty-hand as Sri Lankan navy men threatened them on gun point in the #Palk Straits.
Trilok Soni, famous Pichhawai artist from Bhilwara, Rajasthan presenting hand-paint water color portrait to me today. 
Fantastic 5 frm #Gujarat among 30 probables for World Cup '15-R Jadeja, Axar Patel, Cheteshwar Pujara, Yusuf Pathan &amp; Jaydev Unadkat likely!
'Recent oil prices fall to help economy in big way. We will get back to saying that India is the fastest growing economy.' -Mukesh D. Ambani
38 Indian fishermen, imprisioned in #Jaffna, #Sri Lanka for poaching, are on fast unto death demanding their early release.
327 voters of 175 families from dense forest of Saranda's 5 villages in Jharkhand cast their votes for the 1st time after Independence.
Total 5028 non-working mines in India. Jharkhand has 159. Rajasthan tops the list with 1623 &amp; Manipur on bottom with 1 non-working mines.
News that Indian Navy lauded RIL's prompt help to locate sunken vessel TRV-72 off Visakhapatnam coast makes me proud of my company &amp; country
On Dec 3, 1971, Pakistan began war with India by attacking our air-force stations. Result? Pak lost Bangladesh (the then East Pakistan).
65% turnout of voters for 2nd phase poll today reflects faith of people of Jharkhand in democratic values for transformation &amp; betterment.
Gita Jayanti today. In 9411 words of 700 verses, Hindu word not used once. Krishna-Global Guru 
Though Rupee weakened for the 1st time to 62+  after nine months; it is still the best performing currency among emerging market currencies.
NDA Gov 'take bold decisions to do away with old n opt for new state of the art tech aircrafts in interest of security of our men &amp; machines
Crashing 30 IAF aircrafts viz Su30s, Jaguars, Mirage, MiGs, ALHs in past 3 yrs cost Rs. 1161 Cr-a great national loss 
Enjoyed delicious sandwich at Manek Chowk, historic late night eating place of Ahmedabad with a friend Prakash Nayak. 
All eyes set on RBI Monetary Policy Review Meet of Dec 2 tomorrow; but the policy rate most likely to remain unchanged, say experts.
Since January this year, overseas investors have poured in US $ 40 Bn in the Indian Capital Markets on hopes of speedy economic growth.
Deaths of 1.4 lakhs in 2013 in road accidents &amp; 1.3 lakh each in 2012 &amp; 2011 call for highest standards of road safety in the country.
Kaka Kalelkar (b. Dec 1, 1885 in Satara, Maharashtra) the renowned freedom fightet is admired for his contribution to Gujarati literature.
Let everyday begin with a 'good morning' to the God,to life and to self..The first thought of the day gives you peace,confidence&amp; power.

In another tragic incident of the cricket world, an umpire, hit by a ball during the match, dies. 
अगर मदरसो मे जेहाद और जेलो मे अपराध सीखेगेँ तो अगले 600 साल यही होने वाला …
#IndiaPerspectives ht…
Failure of RIMS ambulance 2nd time also during @PMOIndia  Sh @narendramodi's visit to #jharkhand is case of sheer negligence &amp; unacceptable.
Sir JC Bose (b. Nov 30, 1858) proved 1st time that plants &amp; trees are sensible living bodies. He invented wireless 2 yrs prior to Marcony.
Muslim leaders with @AmitShahOffice 
@PMOIndia @VijayRupani1 
The news that CAG says energy security is more important than rules, speaks of a drastic change in CAG's approach in national interest !!
#Ahmedabad railway station among 3 of India to be wi fi by 1Q next year. Other 2 are #Agra &amp; #Varanasi.
They collect alms to beg votes. Jharkhand Vikalang Sangharsh Morcha in Dumka practically beg to fight election for their 3 candidates.
Kachcha Bhagat, of Sosa in Gumla sells ancestral land to fight assembly elections since 2005, loses seat &amp; land. His spirit still is intact.
TODAY is the BEGINNING of fresh choices. ~ Cheong Kok Weng  
Attended today marriage of a friend Anuj at glorious Lakshmi Niwas Palace at Bikaner. 

325 students of 1st to 10th std. at Birsa Munda DAV Residential School's hostel at #Bundu shiever in cold with open windows &amp; no sweaters.
I saw 'Akupar'-Gujarati play yesterday at Mahatma Mandir, Gandhinagar which depicts life in Gir in a superb manner. 
@DhruvalkMehta few cases not reflect to blame ourgerat
Attended Central Board of Cricket Ahmedabad function just now. Presented trophies &amp; prizes to young cricketers. 
@anirudhhabhatt  i have adopted village jaratoli in ranchi block
Death of Phil Hughes, who was hit by a bouncer, is shocking. Years ago Nari Contractor was injured similarly but had survived the injury.
Since creation of #jharkhand, its forest cover increased by 446 sq.km. With 28.34% forest cover, it has 11th largest forest cover in #India.
Pak authorities confirmed-210 Indian fishermen in their custody, plus 37 believed to be Indians but their nationality yet to be ascertained.
― Zig Ziglar
जोहार झारखंड, पहले चरण में ६२% मतदान के लिए।  आगे के चरणों में भी अधिकाधिक मतदान करें, स्थिर सरकार के लिए।
After Asiatic lion, another wild cat cheetah to find habitat in #Gujarat. Bunny desert  forest in Kutch is 1 of 10 sites identified by GoI.
"@BonnieTalintha: "@MysticMethods: 

News Flash: 
India can be a $ 10 trillion economy by 2034 average growth of 9%. At current growth rate too it will be $ 5.6 trillion economy in 20 yrs.
India with 7.1% of gold in its capital reserves is 8th in top 10 countries. Higher imports &amp; smuggling increases trade deficit &amp; inflation.
Voting for 1st phase:a chance for people of Jharkhand to bring about the change in state of affairs of the State.
@milinddeora  god is great  but we have lost a great
Humble nobal leader we all in sad time with you
---
@mpparimal 
NTCA nod to create reserve in Chhatisgarh will make the largest landscape b/w Bandhavgarh (MP) &amp; Palamu (Jharkhand) for tigers to flourish.
FM @arunjaitley not to increase tax burden of middle class &amp; bringing evaders to tax bracket also should take care of 'Make in India' drive.
Death of Murli Deora is a great loss to not Milind Deora only but also to whole nation. I met him last at of Sir HNRF Hospital's opening.
CAG while accusing pvt firms of losses due to delay should factor in the losses due to delay in decisions making by the govt functionaries!
@mpparimal 
Under GST regime once in place, India will become one whole &amp; uniform market. -Mukesh D. Ambani
Government tax revenue to increase by 0.2% because of implementation of GST, while GDP growth could go up by 0.9% to 1.7%, says NCAER.
4400 panchayats in #jharkhand, though panchayati raj is in infancy in the State, awaits freedom &amp; decentralisation to function, says UNICEF
#jharkhand saw less murders in '13 compared to '12. It's ahead of its contemporaries in other crimes under IPC. law&amp;order is a poll issue.
GST to provide productivity boost to road transport sector thereby cutting buffer stock needs &amp; loss of perishable goods.
India Inc enters profit zone in Q2. Good days ahead for our economy !
@PMOIndia @narendramodi nicely analysed #Jharkhand when he said #Jharkhand is rich but its people are poor. People see in him their mentor.
SanketPandya/M.HusainKhan, 2 Vadodara youths in illegal confinement at Tehran, #iran since Dec '13, deserve Govt's intervention for release.
A Mandavi-Kutch bound ship which had begun sailing from Yemen startef sinking. 08 sailor-fishermen were saved by others sailing close by.
Inaugurated wildlife photo exhibition of renowned wildlife photographer Rohit Vyas at Fine Arts Faculty, Vadodara. 
Come Nov 27 &amp; #opec is likely to cut crude production by 500,000 bpd. What is #brent's price-cut strength is OPEC's production-cut strength!
Wishes to Smt @anandibenpatel, the 1st lady CM of #Gujarat &amp; real time Iron Lady on her birthday today.  
In obeisance with family before Lord Venkateshwara at Tirupati Balaji, the world's one of the most holy pilgrim. 
Unmanned Pak boat found by BSF in our water at MalCreek near SirCreek lead to suspect,God forbid,sinister designs of Pak sponsored elements!
News that Anand, the famous 'Amul' town of central #gujararat, would get airport is exciting. It's an emerging growth region on DMIC route
#jharkhand govt produces 650 mw power against need of 1800 mw. People expect new govt to make the State power surplus in 2 yrs &amp; export it.
In one more naPak act by Pak, 54 Indian fishermen were allegedly 'kidnapped' by Pakistan Marine Security from sea near Jakhau-Kutch coast.
News that SriLanka to release 5 TN/Indian fishermen,who were sentenced to death, comes as great respite &amp; victory of a bilateral diplomacy.
Tribal or non-Tribal CM for #jharkhand shouldn't be the 'bone of contention' in democracy-focus on transforming the State for better should.
Indiraji finds a place of pride in post-independence Indian history for 2 great accomplishments: accession of Sikkim &amp; separating Bangladesh
Like my Facebook page to get updates on my undertakings &amp; causes I support. Would love to connect with you: 
#jharkhand's real place is in India's top 5 states(not 28th); with iron, coal, limestone, mica, copper, gold, gold, graphite at its command.
I feel proud of rural women of #jharkhand who work hard and bend upon to make their villages free of Hadiya-killer country liquor. Kudos !
With the proposed auction of 204 coal blocks in offing, States to eventually become richer. #jharkhand to get Rs. 3 Lakh Crores in 30 years.

अच्छा इंसान अच्छा समय 
ला सकता है, लेकिन अच्छा समय
अच्छा इंसान न…

Q: If #seva feels like a burden, what has gone wrong and how
to correct it?
@SriSri: Meditation. h…
#ModiInAustralia 
#Jharkhand deserves drastic change. Malnutrition &amp; lack of vaccines cause 46,000 children's deaths per yr on an average in the State.
Govt of #Maharashtra should abolish octroi on the lines of #Gujarat model &amp; pave a way for smooth and hassle free trade, business &amp; industry
Wishing @iamyusufpathan, a passionate friend on his birthday today. 'wish him great sporty&amp; cricketing days ahead. 

It's irony that no new power plant set up in #jharkhand in 14 yrs. the State which lights up others remain dark despite resources at hands.
As poll comes closer, #jharkhand voters seem making up mind to elect #bjp with absolute majority. They realise no stability, no development.
With series in pocket, the powerful Indian brigade, sans Dhoni &amp; Raina though, to encounter #SriLanka at #ranchi today in a day-night match.
the past,

just learn from it."
In absence of Sh @AmitShahOffice, president-GCA, I presided over &amp; conducted executive, &amp; AGM today at Motera Stadium 
The new govt of #Jharkhand will have to address the long pending problems of thousands of those displaced due to Bokaro/HEC, other projects.
#Jharkhand deserves capital like #Gandhinagar/ #Chandigarh. 'hope new govt to come will focus on this aspect &amp; implement the capital project
Wishes on b'day of Bhagwan Birsa Munda &amp; formation day of #jharkhand. 'pray the State ushers into a prospective phase. Achchhe din aayenge.

Crude oil price falling by $25 per barrel from mid-June till now is equal to pouring in about $10 Bn in Indian economy.
Every dollar cut in per barrel crude oil price reduces our energy import bill by Rs. 4,000 Crore.
जिगर चाहिए,
दूसरों की शिनाख्त मेँ तो 
हर शख़्स माहिर है ।
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi is right when he says terrorism has more to do with drugs trafficking &amp; money laundering rather than any religion
Bore water in PatthalkuaChurchlane/Azadnagar/Islamnagar of #Ranchi containing Arsenic is serious health hazard. One needn't take it lightly.
@Rohinisgh I don't deny BJP supported me. I said all parties. The core part is stability, and that for stability.
For cotton growers,CCI's 279 centres to help-47 Gujarat, 70 each in Maharashtra &amp; AP, 50 Karnataka, 27 Punjab, 15 Haryana. MSP Rs. 4000/Qntl
Jharlhand's 14 yrs: 9 Govts: 3 President Rules: All major parties, including independents, ruled the State. No stability. No development.
US spacecraft Mariner-9; which entered Mars' orbit on Nov 13, 1971; to be there till 2022. It triggered hope for water &amp; life on Mars.
@mpparimal @Pankajbhaidesai @karan_ghoda @bipinprajapat @DeshGujaratG 
@udaykotak well come to Twitter uday bhai
Gir, Kankrej &amp; Angol breeds of Indian cows much in demand in Australia, Brazil, Argentina etc due to milk &amp; withstand power in adversities.
200 km open border with Nepal poses threats of cross-border infiltrations &amp; anti-India designs as hard core Maoists reign the region there.
83% of 707 central infrastructure projects in the country sustained cost overruns of Rs. 190,000 Cr &amp; delayed upto 12 yrs.
Gujarati govt contractor RamjiShivji 
Hit by a bird on #ahmedabad airport, a Mumbai-bound flight in the morning had to be delayed till evening.
Modi's #DigitalIndia dream brings good news, Data tariffs may fall 20% with Reliance Jio's entry: Fitch htt…
Inaugurated Pichhawai Paintings' Exhibition 'Darshan:Shrinathji' (by Trilok Prakash Soni) today evening at Ahmedabad. 
US$ 1 Bn from US$ 5 Bn China-India Development Fund to come to projects in #gujarat, says Secy Gen, China-India Trade &amp; Investment Centre.
#Khirabeda village 16km away from #Ranchi has no road &amp; ration shop. Villagers walk 10km to fetch ration. 350 voters didn't vote in LS poll.
Nov 11, 1888 was significant historically as 2 of our freedom-fighters Maulana Abul Kalam Azad &amp; Acharya JB Kripalani were born on that day.
@M2WScooters Team PF Drove the #Mahindra #Gusto and found it comfortable and Smooth ! ht…
@pradipsinhbjp @mpparimal @PrakaashGurjar @bjpup 
Oct tourists arrival stood at 6.56 lakh compared to 5.98 lakh in the same period last year; fetched foreign exchange of $1.6 Bn, 14.2% more.
Overseas investors pump in Rs. 5177 Cr ($843 million) in capital markets in 1st week of Nov on positive global cues &amp; Govt's reform agenda.
Bill Gates unveils Windows version 1.01 on Nov 10, 1983 at New York city's posh Helmsley
Palace Hotel. 
Lighting lamp for HT Group's musical night with justice PP Bhatt, justice Chandrasekhar &amp; justice Apresh Kumar Singh 
Great Indian Victory in Hockey:#India beats world champion #Australia 3-1 in 4th&amp;final match. India wins historic test series 3-1.
अभिनंदन #ModiKeMantri 
I welcome Parthiv Patel to #Mumbai Indians. It is home coming of its kind. I am glad. 
I'm glad on Govt of Gujarat's decision to hold state level Republic day Jan 26, 2015 function at holy town of Dwarka. 
Remembering poet of 'Sare Jahan se achchha Hindostan Hamara....' Iqbal who was born today in the year 1877. 
और जुबान पर शिकायते कम रखते है, 
वो लोग 
हर रिश्ता निभाने का दम रखते हैं.....
14 yrs of #Jharkhand:18752 murders, 9588 rapes, 8149 loots, 5045 dacoities. 1500 civilian deaths in Naxal attacks. Sorry state of affairs.
breakthrough in medical science X-rays invented this day in 1895 by German physicist Wilhem Conrad who got Nobel in 1905 for this invention.
A lioness stralls freely in Majavadar village of Rajula taluka, dist. Amreli, Gujarat
---
---
Sent by WhatsApp 
A lioness stralls freely in Majavadar village of Rajula taluka, dist. Amreli, Gujarat
---
---
Sent by WhatsApp 
At #Shankar Netralaya, Chennai (a Temple for Eyes) with Dr. Badrinath &amp; RIL's Corporate Affairs Head Sh Balachandar. 
#india in top 10 countries in terms of total renewable water resources with 1911 Bn Cu Mt/yr but 132nd in per capita term with 1526 Cu Mt/yr
RIL&amp;ONGC are 2 Indian biggies of 124 assessed by Transparency International that disclose tax payments in all foreign countries they operate
Gujarati Samaj of #Indore deserves complements for taking up to organising 28th annual 'Gyan Satra' of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.

1026th birth day of Hemchandracharya who wrote #'SiddhHem', the 1st Gujarati grammer &amp; inspired Siddharaj Jaysimh to renovate Somnath shrine
#Asiatic lion couples Nagraj-Parvati &amp; Yuvraj-Sarita brought from #Gir to #Barda last month have acclimatised &amp; settled in their new home.
The news that GoG mulls a policy to help rural youths aspiring for UPSC exams is a welcome initiative by CM Mrs @anandibenpatel @CMGUJARAT.
#Ahmedabad is lucky to have a day &amp; night cricket match at #Motera today between #India &amp; #Sri Lanka. (File photo) 
In meeting of Standing Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Law &amp; Justice during study tour to #Kolkata. 
61% Realisation ratio of last 6 Vibrant Gujarat Investors Summits is quite good. 18,000+ projects &amp; Rs 39 lakh crore+ investment is worth.
@PareshRawalBJP is bold and right enough when he says our #temples are dirty in comparison of our #churches and #gurdwaras.
@McKinsey &amp; Co identifies #Jamnagar &amp; #Bhavnagar from #Gujarat among 8 emerging cities of #India upto 2025 as key economic growth hotspots.
#Gujarat's GDP grew at 10.2% per yr from 2002 to 2012, while that of #India grew at 7.7% during same period, says #McKinsey &amp;Co's report.
Governance main issue in #Jharkhand. 45 lakhs BPL families and still Rs. 10,962 Cr from allocated Central budget are surrendered !
I join prayers on solemn #Muharram, commemorating and mourning the martyrs of Karbala.
Vijay Merchant, the legendary player, scored 154 on this Day in 1951 v/s #England in his last test cricket inning. 
Thomas Stearns Elliot, the renowned English author won #Nobel Prize for Literature on this Day in 1948. 
Lyca doggy was the 1st living body sent to space on this Day in 1957 by USSR in their space shuttle Sputnik-2. She couldn't survive the test
Despite 11% price cuts in ATF, air-passengers are upset as air-fares are not reduced by the airlines.
Tulsi Vivah today is also an environmental festival. Ocimum tenuiforum
-tulsi is hygienic &amp; medicinal plant. It symbolises faith &amp; science.
 #SriSriInHyderabad #Sri…
Of 62 women MPs, 44% are post graduates. Among male members, only 29% are post graduates. These 62 women MPs constitute 11% share in 16th LS
Don't adopt pets to abandon later to their mercy. A pet dog thrown out from a running car on SG Road, #Ahmedabad by an owner. It's heinous.
In an unfortunate, unprecedented &amp; unsual incident, a lioness attacked 7, was hit with tranquilizer gun by the forest deptt.to control her.
Praying Lord Dwarkadheesh &amp; Lord Kashi Vishwanath for long, healthy, wealthy &amp; cheerful life ahead for Mrs Nita M. Ambani, director, RIL.
It's irony that #jharkhand ranks 32nd in literacy among 35 Indian States &amp; union territories. None of 5 universities here offer Ph.D program
Greeting a taller figure of Indian cricket &amp; a friend Yusuf Pathan on 31st Oct evening was a pleasant moment. 
Andrew Carnegie
@Rohinisgh &amp; friends. I am not doing comparision. What I want to say is the strong leadership provided by #Gujarat post Gandhi-Sardar era.
@PMOIndia @narendramodi &amp; BJP president @AmitShahOffice as Gujarati lead nation as strong men after Gandhi-Sardar duo 
@PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi's cleanliness drive is welcome. Still penalising those under law,who spoil public places,like in abroad is needed
'Out of all of them, Patel is the only strong man'said Arabindo in 1946. Sardar integrated #India as one nation. 
Indiraji whom we lost this day in 1984 made history by accessing #Sikkim to #India &amp; separating #Bangladesh from #Pak 
Mrs Nita M Ambani, 1st Indian &amp; 2nd Asian to join MD Anderson Cancer Centre Board in the global war against cancer. 
215 Jalaram Jayanti observed in my native Jam Khambhalia &amp; #India. Dene ko Tukdo Bhalo, Lene ko Hai Naam, Jay Jalaram 
@Rohinisgh I'm not against transparency. But Do you favour sensationalising? Then let ease of doing business rank go further down.
Govt auditors should take their jobs in a straightforward manner &amp; shouldn't sensationalise; cautions FM @arunjaitley. Do you listen, CAG?
Aum Jay Chhathi Maiya: feel elated spiritually after participating in Maha Aarti on Sabarmati river, Ahmedabad. 
@chhath mahapooja on bank of Sabarmati with BJP president Sh @AmitShahOffice &amp; other dignitaries while lighting lamp. 
Aum Jay Chhathi Maiya: feel elated spiritually after participating in Maha Aarti on Sabarmati river, Ahmedabad. 
@chhath mahapooja on bank of Sabarmati with BJP president Sh @AmitShahOffice &amp; other dignitaries while lighting lamp. 
Greetings on #chhathpuja. 'll be joining 'arghya' pooja at Sun-set on Sabarmati river with Sh @AmitShahOffice, MoS Rly @manojsinhabjp etc.
#CycloneNilofar shows no signs of  intensification but but sustains severity. Likely land fall now on Saturday Nov 1. 
'There is a perception that CAG audit is fault-finding by nature and sensational by choice', said Shri KV Thomas, Chairman, PAC
PAC chairman is right when he says CAG shouldn't come out with astronomical figures of notional losses &amp; audit to financial impropriety only
Nilofar set to strike Gujarat Coast. Our disaster management preparedness &amp; combat skills in crucible. (Pic: Rediff) 
What a thrilling encounter is this! A dolphin show, only of its kind! (Visual borrowed from a twit). 
1st batch of 239 hajjis of #jharkhand to return today afternoon. welcome back you all righteous souls.
Traditional Chhath Anushtan begins today. Mood of people in #jharkhand is upbeat as the Sun worshipping Chhath pooja day is approaching.
4,000 boats approx. still in mid-sea from #gujarat Coast. families worry. alerts issued as #Nilofar-the cyclone is likely to hit the coast.
Glad at #SirHNRF Function; me, wife Varsha, son @DhanrajNathwani &amp; daughter in-law Bhoomi with a friend @amirkhan. 
#Jharkhand assembly election in 5 phases-25Nov; 2nd, 9th, 14th &amp; 20th Dec. Results on 23rd. Isn't it irony- a small state's poll in 5 phase?
It was a proud privilege
to be with @PMOIndia Sh @narendramodi &amp; Sh @mukeshambani13 at #Sir HNRF hospital on 25th. 

@PMOIndia Shri @narendramodi to dedicate today #Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital to the people of #Mumbai. 
25 European banks fail stress tests, big worry waiting ??? : sources @Reuters 


- આ 25 કિલોમીટરનું હવાઈ ભાડું તમને પડશે... htt…
Wishes on the dawn of New Year 2071 of Vikram Samvat. Let it lead us to the path of peace, progress &amp; prosperity. 
A 'floating train' that would travel between Washington and New York in about 1 hour. 
Let the billion lamps of Deepavali light up our homes &amp; bring peace, prosperity &amp; progress in the life of our nation. 
150 yr old Dilaram Bungalow in #Vadodara will be Swami Vivekanand's 3rd memorial in #Gujarat-1#Porbandar,2- #Surendranagar.Oct 28 opening.
4 Surat based diamantaries foray into an aviation business -Diamond Aeronautics-with a fleet of 3 aircrafts &amp; a helicopter.
Rajkot is the only city from Gujarat to have found a coveted place of pride in India's top ten clean cities.
Ranchi preferred over Bangaluru for 16 Nov one day against Sri Lanka. Jharkhand played a good host for 1st one day on 19Jan 2013.

Les Brown
Les Brown
Salute to all Indian policemen who serve and sacrifice for security of people of our country on the Police Commemoration Day today.
Auspicious Dhan trayodashi today is, besides Lakshmi Pujan, observed as Dhanvantary Jayanti in memory of a legendary Ayurvedic physician.
@sheikhharoon127 @GauravPandhi @abuhanzala7 @GowdaBsmurthy @DhananjayParkhe I do use RIL flight.I'm also frequent flier of Jet,Indigo,GoAir
The golden girl of Indian athletics P.T.Usha to coach budding athletes at Sports Complex, #Vadodara of Sports Authority of #Gujarat.
So called low cost airlines Indigo, Spicejet looting now. Rs15K to 25K b/w Ahmedabad/Delhi? exhorbitant. Govt must take action against loot.
PILs are often 'publicity interest litigations'. They eat away courts' precious time. Jharkhand HC gets 2 PILs on average per work-day.
Govt of Jharkhand's decision to allot 21.57 acres land to build houses for those anti-encroachment affected homeless is welcome.
Tim Ferriss
Dear friend @VijayRupani1, congratulations to you on your grand victory from #Rajkot assembly seat.
Capture, storage and reuse of #carbon dioxide emitted from cement chimney is made to work as business proposition by a #Texas company.
MPs will require to work in the House for 100 days and follow code of conduct. Venkaiya Nayadu writes to the Speaker.
Growing dominance of Gujaratis in diamond trade at #Antwerp's Hoveniersstraat street. 'Polish in ₹ &amp; sell in $ ' is the trick of the trade.
It’s a great movement, it will start a culture of Cleanliness and Hygiene: Nita Ambani #CleanIndia ht…
4 tiger cubs of 20/25 days spotted on 17th in Sanjay Tiger Reserve-1st tiger birth evidence in 6th Tiger Reserve, MP. 
Sanjay Rajaram, an India born agri-scientist, received the World Food Prize-2014 for his role in increasing production of wheat.
@PritishNandy @theRohitBansal 
Thank you.
PM Sh @narendramodi met Mrs Nita M Ambani, director #RIL @PMO on 16th. Sh Anant M Ambani &amp; I also remained present. 
DCCF (#Gir) Dr Sandeep Kumar says 70 to 80 cubs born in last 4 months. Asiatic Lions' number to go up to 500+ in next census in 2015.
Governor of #Maharashtra Vdyasagar Rao appoints Abhishek Bachchan, Nita Ambani and 7 others as brand ambassadors of Clean India Mission.
It is dangerous to believe that CAG reports/RTIs/PILs are true, without knowing full viewpoints of those against whom fingers are raised.
A farmer in North Girnar Range, near Gir rescued a pangolin (ant-eater) trapped in a fence with help of foresters. 

#Pakistani boat seized by #Indian Coast Guard alongwith 14 crews today to be brought to #Okha port &amp; handed over to Marine Police tomorrow.

Total no. of seats in #Maharashtra - 288

BJP+: 144
NCP: 29
INC: 30
Shiv Sena: 77
MNS:…
We reach nothing.
Without Love
We feel nothing.
Without God
We are nothing.
@InfoGujarat 
Mating vacation of Gir's Asiatic lions is over. Rush you guys to Gir, #Gujarat.Forest opens for tourists from Oct 16. 
Don't miss your chance to vote-you all in #Maharashtra, #Haryana, #Rajkot. Elect a candidate of your choice. Hurry up!
Nexus of coal mafias &amp; local politicians control coal economy in #Jharkhand. It is high time Govt breaks this nexus high-handedly.
The Senior Salaries Review Body in UK recommends judicial salaries from time to time. Can't we do something like that in India?
You can't attract good talents in higher judiciary from practicing lawyers by offering meagre salaries of approx. Rs. 1 lakh per month.

#EbolaOutbreak 

(Representative photo) 
Guj Energy Research &amp; Management Instt.completed 200 kW rooftop solar power project at Ranchi's Central Mine Planning &amp; Design Instt.

#Jharkhand short of coal production target. Coal off take less. Patratu/tenughat power generation reduced. The State 250mw power deficient.
#India can come back to fast growth trajectory. 8 to 10% growth is the right growth potential for #India. -Mukesh D. Ambani @mukeshambani13
@mymindspeaks2U  thanks
On behalf of #RIL family, I welcome Isha &amp; Akash Ambani as directors Reliance Jio &amp; Retail ventures; 'wish them success.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.- Paulo Coelho
Skardu, Pakistan.

@nipa_shukla sure will see or my team  can  look it


Aajtak at 0930 today morning broadcast about Jaratoli of Jharkhand, a village adopted by me. A Saansad Aadarsh Gram.
Mukesh Ambani scions Isha &amp; Akash appointed Directors on Board of RelianceJio &amp; RelianceRetail ht…
Asiatic lions move in 1475 villages of Saurashtra. Still people are safe. Lions don't attack      
unless provoked. 
@nipa_shukla  good work done by you
@facebook #digitalindia 
Let us not lose this opportunity to build a n…
H'ble CM Guj Mrs Anandiben Patel visited Dwarka for the 1st time after becoming CM. I was privileged to receive her. 
Thimbu Uraon an erstwhile Naxalite is now a mainstream
Youth Icon in Badri village, #Jharkhand. I too supported him. 
The irony is Jharkhand's 99, 000 Ha capacity Swarnrekha Irrigation project of 1978, originally of Rs. 169 Cr, to cost Rs. 6613 Cr by 2018.
A 5,000 yr old Harappan stepwell found in Dholavira (Kutch), is 3-times bigger than Mohenjo Daro's Great Bath. 
Vayu Sena Divas today. IAF fighter planes in western command can strike enemy in just 240 seconds! 
#Jharkhand's Maluti village having 600 yrs tradition of terracotta art to be 1st time in 26th Jan 2015 parade. 
NGOs, Corporates including RIL took up to cover the open wells in Gir periphery sometime back. Remaining open wells also need to be covered.
News today of deaths of 2 Asiatic lions due to falling in open well in Mahuva and Chorwad in Gir-Saurashtra region of #Gujarat is shocking.
बहुत ख़ामोश रिश्ते , ज़्यादा दिनों तक ज़िंदा नहीं रहते ....…
Barda forest near #Jamnagar to have new guests in Asiatic lions. Wildlife experts confirmed Barda as the new home for this rare specie.
Over use of antibiotics reduce immunity. DNA report  yesterday also cautioned against self medications.

@InfoGujarat ht…


@Mott32HK @HongKongTourism 
@InteriorVIP 
@harbhajan_singh  great Thanks

As an MP, I've adopted a village Jaratoli in Jharkhand for creating Infrastructure, promoting youths, education etc. 
People will try to destroy you with words, and that's terrible, but believing those words is even worse. Don't let peop…
@SandeepMall I appreciate. We as Reliance at J'nagar have already raised about 3 million plants/trees.
#Reliance Foundation served 15,000 flood-affected souls in J&amp;K through 30 medical camps under #Mission Rahat. 40 more camps to happen soon.
An Asiatic Lion couple in UP developed paralytic &amp; nervous disorder. Gir-Gujarat is only most suited abode for them. 
Id-ul-Zuha Mubarak!
May Allah shower his love and blessing to all.
The key is to keep company with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
#Jharkhand needs 16,000 class rooms  under #Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. Prefabricated class rooms will be made now as no land is available.
Good people are good because they have come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know. -William Saroyan
 
I'd rather regret things that I have done than the the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball

जानवरों का बटंवारा हो गया,
गाय हिन्दू हो गयी ;
और बकरा मुसलमान हो गया.
दस के दस चेहरे सब बाहर रखता था ! #randomthoughts
@itariqanwar  Thanks tariq bhai


Broadband Speed in #India is yet to catch up. We are at average MBPS of 2.0 as against Global average connection speed of 4.6 MBPS.
What a pity that 55 innocent fishermen will languish in #Pakistan jail, without trial, for no intentional and obvious fault of theirs!
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals; and in the way they express their love. - Pearl S. Buck
It is exhiliarating to learn that Indian Hockey Team won gold in Asian Games 2014. This glorious victory is after 16 long years.
@mpparimal @smritiirani @PMOIndia @rsprasad 
@PMOIndia Gandhiji's Clean India dream initiated with Mission by @narendramodi by sweeping himself 
Launching of a nation wide cleanliness drive is a true homage to the Father of Nation on his birthday.
