HE SCREAMED WHAT THE FUCK
LEAVE MY BABY ALONE
RHUS IS MEOWING FROM DOWNSTAIR WHAT ARE THEY DOING TO HIM????
This is one reason I don't like sleeping at my dad's house. They need to stop being so fucking rude okaaaay pleaaaaassse
And if I try to tell them to be quiet they just come up with excuses
Just let me live okay
I woke up at 08:30 because someone slammed the door to the toilet.
It's like they don't even try to be quiet.
Woke up feeling bitter, so Imma eat candy and just watch some YTbers because I love myself
Mom made apple pie yesterday
Imma eat it
Am I a terrible person because of that? No.
Some people don't want to have kids, that's it. I could see myself have at least one child, but I don't want to give birth to it okay
It makes me so angry because it's my choice???? Not anyone else's????
I'm sorry that there are people who can't have kids, but why should I have to give birth just because someone else can't????
Okay but
When someone tells me I'm selfish because I don't want to give birth because some people can't have kids I just??? ? ??
THERE'S THIS DUDE WHO WON'T STOP DRUMMING ON HIS LEGS AND IT SOUNDS SO BAD I JUST AAAAH PLEASE STOP
This is starting to become a problem
Should I talk to someone about it???
Going out for dinner with my contact today, and my brain is just "you can't eat anything else today okay"
Can someone please punch me in the face and tEACH ME HOW TO PLAY THIS FUCKING GAME
Oh my god is it because I accidentally used her when I practiced with another member
I WAS LIKE WHERE IS SHE???? AM I PLAYING THIS GAME WRONG
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN
I GOT THIS CHARACTER IN LOVE LIVE THAT I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR FOR 4 DAYS AND I MANAGED TO DELETE HER
WOW NICE WORK
I did actually try, so I shouldn't blame myself.
Sometimes it feels like it was all my fault, that it was me who started to ignore them but it wasn't
And I tried to figure out what happened between us but I couldn't. I tried, but they didn't really. . . respond???? ?
We almost kissed once too??? I think??? ?? And now we're don't even look at each other.
It's actually quite painful, because I had some feelings for them and now?? ??? I don't even know what happened
It's kinda sad that I was slowly starting to fall in love with my friend, and then something happened and now we don't talk.
I'm just so lonely and I miss having friends
Can someone please come and kiss me 
Please I am desperate 
Help a brother out
Just tiny little smooches now and then
I want kisses
Like 
Now
Please
I ate a snack just now, and now I feel bad because I ate lunch today :---)
It's either lunch or something when I get home, not both.
I have these weird thoughts that it's not okay for me to eat lunch and something when I come home.
Can someone tell me it's okay for me to eat both lunch and a snack when I get home, because I feel like I can't
Everything's so small and weird and ??? ? ?? no
The new twitter update hurts my heart and brain because what the fuck
My hand hurts
and burns
this isn't fun at all
Is this some kind of selfharm?? Because if it is I want someone to punch me in the face
And also when I want to cry I scratch my hand to stop me from crying
Like if I don't understand something, no matter how hard I try I start scratching my hand until I can't feel it anymore
I got so frustrated during math class that I scratched up my hand, and I've been doing this whenever I get stressed etc.
OH WHO AM I KIDDING HE'LL STILL BE MY TINY BABY BOY EVEN WHEN HE WEIGHT 8 KILOS
He won't be my little baby for long :--(
He's grown so much since he came home?? ?? It's ridiculous??? ? And he's going to keep growing for 5 more years
First picture: 7 weeks
Second picture: 14 weeks
Can you believe it 
Look how cute my lil' kitten is <TWO HEARTS> 
I hope everone realises that I'm talking about my kitten
He just can't get enough cuddles, but after a while he's just "okay I gave you attention now leave me be peasant"
And he's so cute when you're the first one home because he's like "HELLO HUMAN WELCOME BACK PLEASE PET ME"
Going to meet my baby after school today. I miss him so muuuuch
Okay I can't write anymore because I'm in the car and I'm starting to feel sick
Goodbye
I SHOULDN'T BE STRESSED ABOUT SEX
OKAY
NO ONE SHOULD
There's just so much pressure about sex now?? I feel bad because I'm 18 and never had sex
You know what I'm stressed about?
Sex.
Should I be stressed about sex?
No.
They reminded me a bit of my ex which isn't really good but still??? ?? ? They were hella cute
I had two art classes, and two english classes and there was this really cute person there in my english class?? ?? ? my heart
I had some kind of supervisor???? But yeah it was nice
On my way home now, and I guess it could've been worse??? I didn't really have a student who followed me around
Okay I'm starting to get nervous now
Hahahha..aha..aaha what
My phone wanted to write mermaid thug
That works too
Mermaid thighs 
That's the most important thing
WILL I BE ABLE TO PLAY LOVE LIVE
I have barely any internet connection this is the opposite of fun
I have to go and get ready and then I'll be sitting in a car for about 2 hours
It's 05:40 and I feel dead
I watch scary movies almost every Sunday because I have nothing better to do. What has my life become
But hey, I'm recoloring my hair today and tomorrow I'm going to visit a community collage weARING MY NEW SHORTS
If I take my medicine at like 10:30 - 11:30 I have a hard time sleeping, but I want to take my medicine because it makes me happy
I couldn't take my medicine today because I woke up pretty late, or maybe not late late
この後背後のTKSMくん、捕獲される。 
I bought a new sketchbook btw!! Nothing special really but hey!! It's okay!!
I hate it so much. I just want to look normal okay
My eyelid has been a total bitch for like a month, and I feel so bad about it. I can't do my makeup the way I want to and it looks weird
Even though I look like a 12 y/o in this shirt I still looked really cute today 
But yeah my new shorts are white with flowers on!!! They're really cute
I found a pair of shorts today. Not high waisted tho, my stomach just nah
AND!!! I think my tummy has gotten a lil bit smaller!! Idk probably not BUT HEY SHUT UP
I AM FEELING REALLY BODY POSITIVE TODAY
WHAT IS GOING ON
I LOVE THIS FEELING
I actually, kinda, like the shape around my thighs and hips. It's really cute. The only thing that ruins it all is my tummy
gdi tummy
AND GUESS WHAT
I HAVE THAT KIND OF BODY TYPE
kind of 
SO I COULD LOOK REALLY CUTE
FIGHT ME
Like every time I see drawings of cute, chubby people in high waisted shorts I just can't contain my feelings because it's so cute
I WANT TO FIND SOME CUTE SHORTS TODAY
HIGH WAISTED
EVEN THOUGH MY TUMMY LOOKS FAT IN THOSE TYPE OF SHORTS
I'm feeling really optimistic and happy and wow today
Thanks medicine ily
@fellelcin den ville ha dig bror
@fellelcin same tbh
@MrsDaiki I wrote me cat because I could fight me in real life
You know what would be really nice right now? 
To watch LotR, cuddle me cat and play Skyrim
@fellelcin hade du tänkt snappa åt dig en random katt ba den vill jag ha FINDERS KEEPERS
@fellelcin ;------) kom då kom då
@fellelcin min katt gillar att mysa, just sayin' B^)
But yeah, I'm excited. I have to decide what I should wear and pray that my eyelid, which has been a total bitch for a month, fixes itself
And they're just going to look at the school, and later going in to town
My grandma is coming with us too, so she won't really be alone while I'm there.
So now my mom has taken the day off, borrowed her boyfriend's car and she'll be in town while I'm visiting the school.
The school is outside a town, so he could have just gone to town while I was at school but noooOOoOO
But then he wanted to follow me around all day, and I'm just dad please no.
My dad has the day off on Monday, so he was going to give me a ride to the school, which is around 2 hours away
So I'm not really that nervous, but I'll be around new people for like 6-8 hours so yeah
I visited one some time around Christmas, and it was great. Everyone was so nice, asked me who I was and talked to me
I'm visiting a community collage on monday, wooo. I'm a bit nervous, but I know that it'll be amazing
You guys probably don't even understand what the fuck I'm talking about
Mulan: Vill du stanna på middag?
Mormor: VILL DU STANNA FÖR ALLTID???
I love her
"WOAH, anmäl mig till nästa krig" I love the grandma so much, I want to be like her when I grow up
"FINT HON TAR HEM ETT SVÄRD, jag tyckte hon kunde tagit med sig en ma--"
"Ursäkta"
@MrsDaiki And now she just "KARL, NU SKA VI HEM" (it's actually khan??? but it sounded like karl)
It was a long time since I last saw this movie and I've been thinking the whole movie what her horse name is
You may be a good captain but I guess that doesn't mean you're automatically good with the ladies
I'm just finishing watching Mulan and I just "DU SLÅSS BRA" good job Shang
Way to go
I don't think I have ever watched Mulan in english? ??? Watching it in swedish now because nostalgia?? ??  ?idk
I'm going to watch Mulan because I love myself
Okay I'm just gonna shut my mouth
They look better irl okay
ye
It actually looks pretty hot
Is this a start of a new kink
Shit
Milou likes biting people's arms when he gets excited. Cool 
And he acts like a puppy??? ? ? He doesn't realize how old he his
The thing is that flats only live for like 9 years I think?? ?? Milou is 11 or 12.
He can be a real pain in the ass, but he just want love and attention. 
He's a big hairy baby.
We're dogsitting Milou 'til Monday. He should be here any moment, BRING IT ON
Sorry about the rant-ish thingy
I took my medicine 
heheheh
Just because I like myself doesn't mean I'm better than anyone else.
I don't think I'm better looking or better than anyone else, remember that.
And that's really sad???? ? I think I look good, I'm starting to like my body more, so why shouldn't I be able to share that???
But on the internet, where none of the people I know can see it, I can write things like that without feeling like a piece of shit.
I can't write on FB when I post a new profile picture saying "damn I look good" because it's not how you swede
But I live in Sweden, and here you're not allowed to admit you like yourself :-)
But it works, it really does. You don't have to stand in front of a mirror though, you can just joke about it on the internet
@MrsDaiki because I didn't believe it worked that way.
I used to hate it when people said "if you tell yourself you're good enough everyday, you'll eventually believe it"
Even if it started out as "jokes" it made me think better about myself. Those "jokes" became a reality.
A year ago I would've never been able to say that I look good, but I started to sarcastically joke about how good looking I was.
If you feel like saying "I look really good today" DO IT.
It's really sad that some people think you're egoistic or self centered if you like yourself.
He's so cute send help 
This box is dangerous 
@MrsDaiki I was mad so if my english is bad idc because no just goodbye
Okay but
People who CONSTANTLY talk and laugh during class are just
Instead of disturbing everyone else just fucking leave
I should just
Be quiet and stop being a total weirdo
BUT HEY I APPRECIATE THAT HE TALKED TO ME BECAUSE I'M A LOSER AND JUST YEAH HELLO
((he did stare at me for a while and I got nervous and just hey please don't))
I mean, I don't want people to think that I'm a bitch. I'm really just a sweetheart that wants love and attention you know
You know that guy who said hello to me yesterday? He did it today too, and I didn't sound like a bitch this time!!
THANK YOU
It works now
I think
This is bullshit 
I DON'T DESERVE THIS
Excuse me but how dare you
My internet connection is just hahahha nope
Life feels pretty good atm
I just got home from my dad's, I cuddled the baby while I was there and tomorrow's Wednesday
Yeah
Lrt
So pretty I just nope goodbye life aaaaaaaaaaa help
He snuggled my butt a bit too and it was really cute
I love him
I just got to my dad's place and Rhus was sleeping in our couch so I sat down and he instantly moved closer
I Am Dead
@MrsDaiki It should probably be a "they" instead of a "you"
oh what the heckie it's fine
Why are people still wearing winter jackets
How are you not melting
I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT ONE WHILE I WAS THERE 
SHIT
I found them when I was in London at tokyotoys but they cost almost 400 sek and I just slay me right now
Why are they so expensive aaaah 
And I don't want the whole uniform 
just the
shirt
I SHOULD BUY ONE THAT'S REALLY OVERSIZED
THAT WOULD BE SO CUTE AAAAH
That would be amazing like if someone just oh nice shirt
and I just I know it's my boyfriend's
And I want Aomine's too
Boyfriendshirt you know
I've actually been thinking about buying his uniform, not for cosplay tho
I just want to wear it
You know
I am 169 cm tall
And so is Kuroko
Hmmmmmmm
So
What should I do for 50 minutes
I don't know
It's probably not even cramps it's juST MY STOMACH BEING A TOTAL DICKHEAD
Why do I have cramps
What the fuck is this
My bra is really cute so it doesn't matter
Is my bra showing a lil' too much today? Probably.
Do I even care?
Naaaah
It's cold though. Mom is making chicken pie and I am exited
We haven't eaten yet and I'm really hungry (haven't really eaten anything all day woops) so my mom gave me a chicken leg so I'm happy now
The good thing about not having time to be on YT is that I have tons of videos to watch 
I am ready
He makes me so so happy <TWO HEARTS> 
I wish I had friends, and I also wish I could actually keep my friends :--)
I'm so booooored aaah
Entertain me
I'm writing a book review about The Two Towers and it's so hard??? ? ? I thought it would be easy
help
HE CAUGHT ME OFF GUARD OKAY IT WAS WEIRD but I appreciate that he actually said hello to me
I was like "hi????" but not in a "ew why are you talking to me" way but in a "are you talking to me???? idk are you" kind of way
I didn't mean to sound bitchy, I just got so surprised.
@MrsDaiki It took a few seconds for me to respond and I sounded like a bitch
I am sorry kind person
Someone at school, who has never talked to me, said "hi" to me just now.
@fellelcin same tbh
@fellelcin thank u darl <SPARKLES>
I should probably get ready for school
Shit
It feels like it's only those 13 year old EMO KIDZ who does that
I don't know why it annoys me, but it does. Instead of constantly repeating it just stop caring about what others think?? ? ???
Like okay we know you're DIFFERENT FROM EVERYONE ELSE AAAHH but please don't write it EVERYWHERE
People who constantly have to remind people that "I'M JUST GOING TO BE ME IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT LEAVE" are just
okay good for you
I tried to play a bit with him to calm him down but then he started kinda growling and being really weird and I just nope okay take care
Everyone's sleeping and Rhus is racing so hard downstairs, and it scares me hahahaha send help
Stop being so cute Rhus
I'm trying to play Skyrim
I'm trying to play Skyrim but Rhus is laying right next to my leg and I can't handle how cute he is
I should probably eat something. I haven't eaten anything at all today. 
But I'm sad right now so yeah it's hard
I can't see that future, of me moving out and living alone. It stresses me out and I just no
I can't see myself moving out. I don't even want to live after I finish school.
But I can't do it because it freaks me out and makes me want to cry
We're talking about moving out at school today, so we're finding out what everything costs and so on
Sasuke looked pretty hot though
He's an asshole though
A sexy asshole yum yum
My life would be so much better if she WAS Karin's daughter 
I mean
Sasuke and Sakura?? ? ? Nah
AND WHEN I FIRST SAW SARADA I THOUGHT "HEY SHE LOOKS LIKE KARIN, I BET SHE'S KARIN'S KID" and I think I'm right
Read the first chapter of Naruto Gaiden and I'm just
Sasuke
Stop being a shitty father and get a haircut goddammit
My dad just texted me saying "It's hard to work at home today..." and sent me this picture 
@MrsDaiki hey
@MrsDaiki I can feel my powers growing
Hey
Remember when my computer had 6 Trojan viruses and I managed to remove them in one hour
That was yesterday
I love Aomine
It just said that my computer was infected but because my trial had expired I couldn't do anything 
How rude
I was literally watching GoT when chrome just shut down for some reason and my computer was like "YOU HAVE A TROJAN IN YOUR COMPUTER OKAY"
I'm so happy that I managed to remove all those nasty lil' viruses from my computer. I thought it was going to be the end tbh
1 hour later and my computer is now free from any kind of viruses. Thank the gods, and AVG (and me mum's boyfriendo)
I'm so scared. I have no idea how this happened.
It appears that my computer has a virus :--) Idk how this happened what the fuck
It seems so fake and rude and I just ? ??? ? go away?? ??
People who talk to you when their own friends aren't at school, but never tries to talk to you otherwise are the worst kind of people
Kageyama: Don't be so bitter
Hinata: *Takes salt away from Tobio*
Hinata: DONT …
LRT
I AM STILL NOT OVER THIS
LOOK
And I'm praying for those who took their winter coats/jackets today
It's a new flavor too, and it was pretty darn good????
I was like "omg this tastes different than usual, did they change something?? Oh"
I bought a Loka Crush thinking it was raspberry, when it was in fact strawberry. It was weird.
I am still madly in love with Aomine someone send help
lrt HOLY MOTHER OF GOD AAAAH
GOD IS REAL
Little baby <TWO HEARTS> 
Look how cute my legs are today!!
I'm still amazed that they look so much smaller than in real life 
It's weird because my legs look so tiny in these pictures but irl they're pretty big??? ?? what is this black magic
I took some cute pictures of my legs this morning btw
I don't need friends hahhaha I have my boyfriends so it's okay right?? ?hahhah??? ? hahha
Hahhahahha who needs friends when you have basketball hahahha... hah..hahaah...
My snapchat is gold 
This bus smells like farts
Send help
Took my KnB necklace today because I love Aomine 
I really don't want to go to school today. I hoped I would never feel like this about school again but here I am :---)
I won't have time to watch KnB this is the opposite of fun
@MrsDaiki Probably normal buT NOT BETTER I LOVE AOMINE
What would my life be like right now if I hadn't fallen in love with Aomine
First class starts in like 3 hours, so I'm gonna watch some KnB and continue to love Aomine Daiki
Today is the day I don't care about my english because I am in love with Aomine Daiki and I regret this decision
Is my english even making sense maybe not but I Don't Care I love Aomine
I changed that line though because I am not basketball I am gay
I looked up basketball pickup lines and yes I am gay
I'd love Aomine to take it to the hole and drop his balls in my hoop
Look at this beauty 
Really mature, aren't we now? 
I can assure you that Rhus is going to be just fine, now please leave.
This person was making fun of my Japan interest, telling me that the cat isn't a pokeball and I'm just :---------)
Now I feel really bad and like a horrible cat owner.
Way to spoil the fun stranger on the Internet:--)
Like, excuse me but leave me the fuck alone and don't be such an asshat
Some random person has been commenting on my pictures of Rhus, telling me how I don't know anything about cats.
I love him so much <TWO HEARTS> 
The baby is now asleep. He's been eating and drinking but hasn't been to the bathroom yet but it'll come I guess ♪
He's making these little meowing noises and I don't know what he wants aaaaah
I'm so proud of him you guys <SPARKLES>
He's been meowing, purring and cuddling and it's only been like 40 minutes
We got home a while ago and Rhus is doing so well!! I'm so happy
@MrsDaiki This was like 34 days ago
and today's the day
I am so ready to become a cat mama
That's what the owner told him anyway and I hope they're not lies
My dad told me that apparently Rhus is really playful and suPERFAST but when he gets tired he wants to cuddle
Hello I am awake, my baby comes home in a few hours and I still love Aomine
I fucked up that first tweet so I had to delete them and tweet them again
My life is struggle
BAM
SIT DOWN SON
Who am I kidding my personality sucks 
We have so much in common Aomine darling
And I have a great personality!!!!!!
And my body is pretty soft
And I wear matching underwear
sometimes
And my hair is red I mean come on it's cool
My boobs aren't really big but neither really small so that's a good thing right
The question is: Would Aomine Daiki date me?
I'm in bed
I still love Aomine
I just love Aomine so much
Or well between 7am and 11am so yeah I'm off to bed
And I'll probably think about Aomine 
I am trash
I should probably go to bed now because we're picking up the little baby boy pretty early tomorrow
[shakes nervously] asshole 
But like when my friend said "HE'S UGLY" I was just "who hurt you"
I wouldn't mind cuddling him
He's so tall and his skin is just pure magic and his hair anD HIS ARMS
I believe that Aomine would be great to cuddle with, even if he tells himself that he doesn't like it but he does
If you think Aomine Daiki is ugly we can't be friends
He's adorable
and a piece of shit but i love him 
LOOK HOW CUTE HE HIS
He might be an asshole sometimes buT LOOK AT HIM
My love 
How can you call this beautiful piece of trash ugly?
Excuse me but you'll have to leave 
I also remember how my old friend told me how ugly Aomine was
I mean excUSE ME BUT NO
Why do I always fall for the assholes
I remember how obsessed I was with those basketball nerds
And when I fell in love with Aomine ah that was
Nice
Listened to KnB opening 1 and oh the memories
I thought that Fairytale-thing was funny but now I'm just hmmm I'm a loser
"No one else could make me sadder
But no one else could lift me high above"
How is this song NOT about my love for fictional characters
"Please you're crazy, how can you love someone who doesn't exist?"
CAUSE I DON'T CARE IF I LOSE MY MIND, I'M ALREADY CURSED
"THEY DON'T EXIST SO YOU CAN'T LOVE THEM YOU WILL NEVER MEET THEM" 
Me: I'M IN LOVE WITH A FAIRYTALE, EVEN THOUGH IT HURTS
That whole song is just me not giving a fuck about my fictional boyfriends not existing
"You can't be in love with a fictional character, they don't exist"

"If you don't share this you have no heart"
Excuse me
I ate lunch at school today, tell me I did good
I'm going to eat something I think.
If someone wants to come over and cuddle and watch LotR that would be great
I'm so happy to have my mentor, I really am. 
It's sad that I have to leave her after summer.
I'm actually glad that she asked because I told her about everything that's going on, and how I don't know why it has happened
My mentor asked me today if something was wrong between me and my, old, friend. She'd noticed that something was wrong today in class
Made this in art class two days ago btw
It's pretty rad 
I know they're probably not, because it doesn't feel like they would waste their time with it
It feels like everyone is talking shit about me
This is awful
I just want to go home and I want my baby to come home
I'm so bitter now just take me away from here
"Pink is such a girly color"
How does a color have a gender
Okay I feel like shit
This is so much fun I love life so much woho
I had a dream about Rhus btw. It was so cute
Can you believe that my baby boy is coming home tomorrow???
Mom is making apple pie
God bless
I feel so empty right now. 
This is bullshit
I wish my ocs were real so they could comfort me and hug me forever
Just to get all the shit out of my head
I think I'm going to write in my diary when I get home. Maybe that'll make me a little bit happier
I usually go to the arts and crafts room, which is my mentor's room, after the gym but today I just want to go home and be sad
And because I'm frustrated
I really need a hug right now, it feels like I'm about to cry. Not because someone spoke to me, but because I'm a shitty person
I get so happy when people talk to me at school, it's weird
It feels like everyone hates me
I hate myself for being like this.
I don't know what to do. I'm such a shy person and I have no idea how to fix this friendship.
It feels like I'm being replaced
Fucking stab me right here and right now
We got a lot of cat stuff yesterday
This box were my favorite 
We love each other so much
I cried for a week when he died but when he came back I just "YOU SHOULD HAVE STAYED DEAD YOU FUCKING PIECE OF TRASH OH MY GOD"
But I love him
He's my number one boyfriend, and he'll always be
When people are like "Sasuke is so ugly and such a bad person" I'm just yeah I know let's kill him
One second I'm like "he deserves to die he's a fucking asshole and the next "My precious little flower let me love you forever"
I have such an amazing relationship with him it's ridiculous
Sasuke's a fucking asshat that deserves to die but he is also my precious baby and I love him with all my heart
Remember when I was madly in love with Sasuke? Hahha..ahaha..aha me neither
I ate too much chicken wings and now my stomach hates me. 
I regret everything
I want an Italian Greyhound
Like 
I really want one
@MrsDaiki It's okay, bus driver. I forgive you
Okay the bus driver said he went the wrong way and apologised
The bus I'm on is driving the wrong way??? ?? Are we going to die
My mom bought me this cute lil' cactus a few days ago btw <TWO HEARTS> 
I suck at painting my nails but yeah I made them pink because Barbie 
My bag IS pretty cute though. Just like me ✧ 
It's like I've been lying to everyone about my own style all these years
I'm just not used to be walking around with a pink bag and a bright shirt that says Barbie mkay
I'm still pretty svart och svår but I live for pastel colors and yeah idk
I just have to get used to it. I want to wear more bright colors, it's who I really am okay
So I'm wearing all my new things today. The only thing that is uncomfortable for me is this bag hmmm
I'm gonna go and put on a face mask because I love myself

from boyband member to highschool volleyball player, this is him now 
And I'm gonna wear my Barbie shirt, my new jacket and new bag too school tomorrow so yeah what the fuck
Oh well, I shouldn't be sad because Rhus is coming home in 4 days (!!!)
But it still you know kinda hurts??? ? ?
If they are just as good without me as they were with me then maybe it's not worth it.
They probably think that I don't care, but I do. But if they don't want to try to make it better then I won't either.
I think it's offical that I've lost another friend.
As you can see I put a lot of work into the last picture
These are my favorites 
Me and my sister were going to the store to buy candy. We made the journey a lot more fun 
I love my knb poster 
This made me feel so good about myself, I love it so much <TWO HEARTS>
It fit me perfectly and when I looked at the size I was like ??? ? ?? are you sure?? ? ?
And it's a size 38?? ? ? I have never in my life been able to wear a 38?? I feel powerful
I went looking for a jeans jacket with my contact today at a second hand store today. I found one in like 5 minutes ♪
I want to cuddle someone. 
I can make you a mugcake and we can watch scary movies
Help a brother out
I made the best mugcake ever. 10/10 would recommend
Why does Sansa have darker hair
What happened
NOPE I'M GOING TO WATCH GOT GOODBYE
I'm probably going to watch a scary movie and continue to be sad
I'm sad and cold, can someone just come here and make me happy and warm again okay thanks
My hair looks amazing so why should I be sad. This is madness
It's a good thing that when I feel like shit at school it always passes when I get home :--)
Okay but 1. Yes I'm a horrible friend 2. Yes you can unfriend me
I should go and make myself prettier now
It was raining all night, but thank god it stopped, so now everything looks really pretty and just aah
I actually have time to eat breakfast now that my first class starts at 10:10, wow
And my hair looks amazing now because I recoloured it so yeah I shouldn't be sad
I am too pretty to be this sad and worried about life
I'm actually scared of going to school tomorrow. I hope the day won't end up with me feeling like shit :--)
Look how cute my new bag is. I'm going to cover up that stupid text with my pins later woooo 
Bringing it to school on Wednesday, when I've planned on wearing my new Barbie shirt ✧ ✧ ✧
There's some text on it though, but I'm gonna put my pins over it because I love myself
Bought a really cute bad/handbag today and it's pink and so adorable and just aaaah
Going to meet me mum and her bf in town soon, so I'm heading to the bathroom to make me prettier and to listen to some Marina wohoo
I like them more if you just paint it on without the black undercoat, and they look even cooler in real life so yeah
They turned out more green this time, but they still looked pretty cool! 
Oh yeah btw!! I repainted my nails yesterday with the space mermaid, but I put a black nail polish under it!
I put some slices of egg and chicken in it so that's probably why hmmm
I made some noodles and they weren't smashing
I am disappointed in myself
I'm planning on wearing my Barbie-shirt to school on Wednesday, so I'm going to paint my nails pink so they can match my outfit woo
Oh well, I get to see my baby and it's only 7 days left 'til he comes home!! Can you believe it??
So my dad just called me to say that we are going to visit Rhus tomorrow, even though he said we weren't going to???
It's so pretty!! I suck at painting my nails btw oops 
It would probably look even cooler if I put it over black nail polish!!
I'm painting my nails with my new nail polish that I bought yesterday aND IT'S SO PRETTY I FEEL LIKE A SPACEMERMAID
It's basically a Swedish version of "Extreme home makeover" and shows like that just hits me right in the feels
So they are going to make it easier for her to move around and use everything better.
Like now, one family has been through a horrible car accident which led to the mother dying and the daughter losing the ability to walk
They help families who are going through, or have been through, some tough times, by giving their house a makeover
We have a TV show called "Sophia's angels" and I've never really watched it before but the whole concept about it is just heartwarming
My body wasn't ready for that much pizza
I regret this decision
MasterChef is on TV = Gordon Ramsay, AND I have pizza. Could this day get any better?
How did I end up talking about this
I was going to eat pizza
And my dad blamed me for not taking responsibility and try to get to know his gf. Excuse me but okay
Mostly because it's been going on for so long and they didn't do anything to make it better.
It's been 6 years now I think and nothing has really changed at my dad's place. I don't think I'll ever "accept" her
And they didn't even ask me about it??? And I mean come on, I was still sad over my mom and dad breaking up????
I'd only known my dad's gf for a couple of months until they moved in together which is probably why I don't like her
My mom's bf doesn't live here and I've known him for a few years now, while my dad and his gf moved in after just a few months
It's quite interesting how I like my mom's bf but not my dad's gf?? ? Or maybe it's not???
My mom and her bf just left so now I'm gonna eat some leftover pizza and maybe paint my nails with my new hella rad nail polish
What is my arm even doing in that picture
Arm calm the fuck down
Okay what the fuck you're never too old for Barbie
I finally bought this shirt today
I've been wanting it for a while now.
I am an adult 
Why do you have to do this to me, eyelid? I wanted to look pretty today buT NOoOoooOoOOooOo OF COURSE NOT
50 minutes later and my eyelid has not stopped being a total prick
It's only one eye that does this from time to time anD IT'S GETTING OLD GODDAMMIT PLEASE STOP
Okay so my eyelid is acting up, AS USUAL, and I wanted to do a cute makeup so prayer circle for my eyelid to get back to normal
I want to buy so many cute clothes today, even tho I probably won't find anything. Like always. BUT HEY LET'S BE POSITIVE
BUT THE MODEL GUYS
LOOK
SO PRETTY
That model is pretty cute too. I love that whole outfit tbh.
Look how pretty it is!! But I still don't know if I should buy it hmmm 
But yeah, I'm meeting my old classmate at the bus 12:30 which feels pretty great. Gonna look at a skirt I've been kinda wanting for while??
I just ate a boiled egg and it wasn't great. Why have you betrayed my, Eggod.
So yeah my friend never answered me, so I asked my old classmate if she wanted to come with me and she did
wooh (i wrote wool at first ehh)
What the fuck
What has happened to society??? We get offended if our friends unfollows us. Bonds are breaking and they will never heal
But it still scares me, and I don't know why. Shit fuck goodbye
This is fucking ridiculous. She just unfollowed me, what the actual fuck
It feels like this is a sign that we're no longer real friends??? I know it's not about if you follow each other or not, but still
I know you really shouldn't care when your friends unfollow you on social media, but I do care.
Going to change my sim's garden to get something else on my mind, for now.
I like how Kagellama just popped up in the middle of my rant. 
Love you Kags.
I just want to be able to keep at least one good friend close to me.
To leave everyone I now here and just meet new people, that have no idea of who I am or where I come from.
This is why I can't wait to go to a community collage, it will probably be much easier keeping friends because I'm going to live there
I messaged my friend again and just wanted to check that them not replying was a no, so yeah let's see.
They have a bigger "chance" of seeing this. But I don't know. I don't really want to say anything until I talk to someone "professional"
And they are around me when things are happening. When I'm home I don't do anything at all.
My mom says that she doesn't think I have it, but I mean all of my teachers suspects it???
@MrsDaiki suspects that I don't have any kind of ADD, but Asperger syndrome.
I wasn't going to talk about this until I got more information but my mentor, and the other teachers at my school-
This will only make me feel like a annoying piece of shit and I will probably never ask them to do things with me again.
And I guess they could be in a bad mood, but at least just reply with a "no" if that's how it is?
Like, yesterday I asked my friend if they wanted to go to town with me tomorrow. They didn't respond, but they read the message.
But it literally feels like I'm just in the way and annoying. It would be so much easier if they just told me to go away, if that's the case
I've been trying to figure out what changed, or what went wrong but I just can't figure it out. I try to be a good friend, I really do.
It makes me feel so bad thinking back to when I was really close with my two classmates at school.
Or I don't really know anymore. I've tried and nothing seems to have changed.
I just feel so goddamn lonely here even though I kind of have at least one friend here.
I really want fall to come so I can, hopefully, go to a community collage and meet new people.
It's a real struggle, I know.
My phone doesn't have any kind of emoticons so I had to copy that tweet so I could save them on my phone
✿ ❀ 
I need this for
Research okay it's rly important
I can't talk medicine ok
But I've heard that my medicine does almost the same thing as antidepressive medicine, but I could be wrong
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think my medicine contains a small amount of the thing that's in antidepressive
Whenever I take my medicine and watch other people vlogging on YT I get so happy and life is good and idk what my life is
And people wonder why I never ask them if they want to hang out :--)
Instead of ignoring just say no, how hard can it be? This is just making me feel bad.
I hate it when people don't reply :-) I can see that you've read the message :--) Fucking rude :---)
What the fuck happened to Tumblr
It feels like I've done at least something good with my life
Especially when people tell me that their animals are much more calmer when I'm there
It's like on of the best feelings in the world when an animals likes you
My contact even said that her horse, Ella, is so much calmer when I'm there, and that makes me so happy
I think we'll bond pretty quick tho because I'm really good with animals and they like me because I'm cool
Then we have a chance to bond and get to know each other better!!
And he won't get to know me as good as with the others, so that's why I'm so excited to be alone with home for like 10 days
I think I told you guys that I was going to start living at my dad's place every other weekend just because we got a cat
And I'm so excited to babysit (catsit???) him this summer!!
My baby comes home in 10 days you guys. I'm so excited omg
It's a real pain in the ass not being able to go outside without sweating like a pig, while others don't
My contact and I think that I might have too much testosterone in my body?? ? Which makes me warmer than average??? ? idk man
It might even be too hot for me to even go outside. I can't function like a normal human being because I'm so warm :--)
I really want to go shopping but I don't want to go alone. At times like these I wish I had more friends.
Is there anyone out there who wants to watch LotR with me, that's the question
I made some smashing noodles tho so it's ok
I felt like I had to eat something or I probably wouldn't have eaten anything until dinner because of my medicine.
I made noddles even though I'm not hungry.
I haven't done anything productive all day. I was going to work out but it's so hot, I don't know if I'll survive
It's only April and I'm sweating like hell. Imagine what summers going to be like :-)
It's so hot I am melting
I love the house, and garden, I made in Sims 4. Mostly the garden. 
But now I'm just "I can't hide them forever and it's just skin."
I didn't want to show them before because of my little sister. I didn't want her to get any ideas.
I've been able to show my arms more. I hated showing them because of my scars but now I've started to not care about them at all.
But hopefully I'll be able to sleep better in a few days. 
It's almost uncomfortable sleeping at the moment
Hmmm
I get super stressed if I can't fall asleep.
I know some people can't sleep at all, which must be horrible??? ?? I can't imagine what it must be like
I usually sleep through the whole night but when it's warmer outside it's just nope not tonight
I've had a hard time sleeping these past few days and I'm afraid it's because it's getting warmer outside.
It's so windy outside what the fuck
Stop
The most important thing though was that I tweeted goodbye.
And then I woke up and was like "omg thank you god" but when I went back to sleep I haD THE SAME FUCKING DREAM
I dreamed that it was some kind of zombie apocalypse and it was so stressful and scary??? ? ?
New season of Swedish Hollywood Wives in 5 minutes. 
My body is so ready
I am currently doing my makeup in nothing but my undies. This was a good idea.
11 DAYS!!! AAAH
AND BTW 
11 DAYS LEFT
UNTIL I BECOME A CAT MAMA
I want to buy some cute shorts that would make my legs look amazing.
It was an interesting conversation I tell you.
Me: So how do you feel about SD being the third biggest party?
Bird: CLUCK CLEH CLUUUU
Me: I see
Last time I was their I talked politics with the other birds. It was great.
Like, I love birds, but I don't like it when they FLIP FLAP with their wings near me
You guys remember Waffle? The little black hen?
I love her. I want to cuddle her again.
I'm meeting with my contact today, and we're going to be at her place with her animals AND I GET TO MEET WAFFLE
because you know who would do that? fucking light yagami
Sometimes when I'm really hungry I watch Epic Meal Time and idk why.

make sure u find kageyama in ur egg hunts 
I look like a demon from hell. 
Me and my sister took some panoramic photos today. I think they turned out pretty ok. 
Confession: I love Aomine Daiki and I want him to dunk my balls
My nose hurts so much 
Send help
10/10 do not recommend.
I was going to smell a shower gel when it kind of exploded in my nose???  
Every breath I take now smells like cucumber
Just shaved my legs for the first time in a few months??? ? I don't have the energy to shave them regularly okay
Wait. . . My screen froze. . . IS THIS BECAUSE I MADE ELSA IN SIMS 4? ??? ? FUCKING HELL ELSA GODDAMMIT
I was watching vines on YT and when I switched to another video it just froze and? ?? ? ? The screen turned black
My computer just had some kind of seizure
It's only 15 days left until my baby comes home??? ? ?? CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT
And I woke up feeling really positive??? I haven't even taken my medicine yet?? ? ? Hmmmmm
Just left my bed though and
You guys 
My bed is so amazing and comfy 
Someone should come and cuddle with me in it
I woke up like an hour ago. I'm starting to get old. Rip me
@MrsDaiki okay but how did i get a B in english
FUCK IT JUST IT 11:12 WHEN I POSTED THAT TWEET
GOD HAS FORSAKEN ME
11:11 
I wish that Kageyama was real so I could love him forever
That was the best fucking poem I've ever made in my whole life. And it's about balls. Wow. #ballislife
I tried making a poem but I think I failed.
OR NAAAH
You can never get out.
You can never be free.
Ball is life, just accept defeat.
Oh who am I kidding
I have always been in basketball-hell lol
I listened to some KnB songs and now I'm back in basketball-hell
Can you believe I'm living on a planet where so many gorgeous people are living?? ? ? This is insane
I'm just gonna shut my mouth hole and think about all the beautiful people who live on this planet
Idk is any of this making any sense?????
But I'm always scared that someone will be like "no this is not how you do it" or "this is not you" 
I'm a mess
I know who I am so why is this such a big deal for me???? ? ? I need to get my shit together
I always get so nervous talking about my gender because I'm so insecure about this whole thing but and it makes me feel like just eeee
I wasn't even going to do this because I got nervous idk why, but #transdayofvisibility wooo 
I'm really hungry but mom doesn't get home until 19:30 and it's 18:17 now.
Pray for me
He was nice so I'm not going to be rude or anything
Random guy on the bus: if you see this, don't worry. It's okay
And then he started talking about how he used to have a cat
It was so weird
A random guy on the bus asked me about my "Cats before cat call"-pin and I was listening to music so I didn't hear him
It was embarrassing
I only now these songs because I like watching vines
I should hate this song but it's so catchy
BECAUSE I'M HAPPYYYY
something about a ROOOOOM
Is this song about Kageyama
Because I get the feeling it is
YOU ARE THE DANCING QUEEEEEN YOUNG AND SWEET ONLY SEVENTEEEEEEN
I turned on the radio on my Ipod AND ABBA IS PLAYING
My next class starts in 55 minutes and I can't play Love Live! Why does god hate me
Why is it so cold??? 
I never get cold.
What is this dark magic
Then who the fuck are we supposed to have right now what the fuck
Didn't they plan this??
Our first class starts 08:20 and he just came to school. But apparently he doesn't have this first class with us??????
I like him/them better than our regular teacher tho???
We have a substitute teacher and he's 8 minutes late. Good job :-)
Is this because I made Elsa on Sims yesterday? Did I set her free? Fuck.
There's so much snow outside???? What the fuck happened?? It looks like we're in the middle of January wtf
I watched Frozen this weekend okay it's not my fault
Hah get it? Melting? Hahaha..ahaha...ahaha I need help
Not gonna lie but
Elsa is so hot I'm just over here melting
I am fucking trash
She hot tho 
She turned out looking like Elsa
so I made Elsa
Okay so I've been playing Sims for a while. Tried to make a beautiful lady and so on
But nah, I'm happy with the name Rhus. It has grown on me.
Why didn't we name our kitten Sauron?? Like "SAURON DON'T SCRATCH ON THE FUCKING COUCH GODDAMMIT"
Apparently the last time I played Sims was on the 13th of Mars??? Okay
I like how I used "?" on the sentence that wasn't even a question, and not after the actual question.
I haven't played Sims for like two months??? Maybe it's time
I have nothing better to do so I'm gonna watch The Fault in our Stars.
I don't know anything about this movie so letsu go
When a cute person follows you on IG: "Are you sure? Are you rEALLY SURE??? I AM JUST A GAY LOSER. I AM NOT WORTHY"
And I have to leave Rhus. How will I survive
One part of me is like "HELL YEAH I'M GOING TO LIVE BY MYSELF!!" and the other one is just "I don't want to leave mom"
I can't wait to go to a community college this fall. I want to meet new people and live by myself aaaaa
It's raining/snowing outside tho :-) This will be fun
But today I could do a more fun makeup
Wohooo
I do my makeup everyday but I only have time to put on concealer, my eyebrows (lol) and mascara and sometimes eyeshadow
So from now on I have more time to do my makeup yeaaah
Because I don't have english at school anymore I have my first class 10:10 B-)
My eyebrow-game is so strong today you guys
@MrsDaiki They are even better B-)
AND IT'S NOT EVEN NUDES SHIT
It's teasers mkay
I basically need a girlfriend
I wish I had friends who I could send my nudes to without it being awkward and they would be like "omg you're adorable i love you!!"
I should try to take some nudies tonight
yeeeeeaa
But sometimes I feel like "hey why not" and just do it so yeah tell me I did good
I rarely wear matching underwear because I don't really care??? ?
Tfw you're wearing matching underwear but don't have anyone who can appreciate it
He didn't like it when I tried to hold him :--( He wanted to run around with his siblings instead :-( My heart is broken
It was hard taking pictures of him tho because he had soooo much energy, you guys have no idea
Visited the baby today♡ He's grown so much!! 
GOING TO SEE MY BABY SOON
"But that's what it's called!!"
It's disgusting, that's what it is.
My sister got mad at me for telling her that "Instarape" is a really bad expression :--)
Gonna watch some cat vines and drink my cola because I love myself
So now I'm drinking coke, with some ice cubes, out of my new mason jar.
I started to feel a lot better when my mom came home. She'd bought me a coke and some candy, so yeah I'm okay now
Gonna play some Love Live to hopefully cheer me up
I really need someone to hold me, stroke my hair and tell me I'll be okay right now
I think I had some kind of anxiety attack???
I thought taking a shower would make me happy/calm down but nah it got worse while I showered woho
I'm sad so bye
I'm taking a shower
Stop making fun of something as serious as self harming. It's not a fucking joke.
"The faster you cut the faster Zayn will get back!! Do it!! I did it!"
Shut the fuck up and get a hold of yourself.
I JUST AHGSDJH ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS
If you can't handle a member of a band leaving you're not ready for life.
This will only make people take those how ACTUALLY SELF HARM less seriously.
# cutforzayn is so fucking stupid. 
I get so fucking frustrated. You all have to grow the fuck up and get your priorities straight.
I'm going to work out when my mom gets home.
So why am I not skinnier???
I know it's not healthy but my brain, and myself, thinks it will make me skinny faster.
And I don't understand.
I go to the gym three days per week and I only eat one-two meals per day.
Think about all the clothes that would fit me and how good I would look wearing them
I think about how much happier I would be if I was skinny.
I just stand in front of the mirror and stare at my own body, and wish that I had a flat belly
Mostly I look at my belly, or it's really the only thing I look at.
I think that I don't care about it anymore, but I do.
I look at my body every time I take a shower, which is everyday.
I never really think about it anymore, but here I am thinking about how fucking fat I am.
All of a sudden I got these thoughts about how bad I want to be skinny.
Just downloaded Love Live! and I have no idea what's going on
I'm so coooold. Someone hold me and watch LotR with me.
It's a really big issue for me and I know it will be a problem in the future, so please don't remind me about it.
I won't say anything unless they talk to me first.
@MrsDaiki So I told her that if she meets some of her friends I won't talk.
My friend asked me to come to a convention with her this summer, but I now she has a lot of friends that goes to these conventions
Just let me live my own life and don't tell me things like that, because it will just make me feel even worse.
So when my friend says that I won't succeed in life I'm just "Yeah, I know."
I want to talk to people, but I can't. I just can't.
I'm aware of this problem. I KNOW it will be hard for me in the future if I don't try to work with this.
And when people say "You won't get anywhere in life, and you won't get any friends, if you don't talk" I feel so bad.
Just because I don't know what to say, and I don't want to interrupt.
If I'm with a friend and they meet some of their friends and starts to talk I'm just standing there, not saying anything
I just can't.
You can't just tell me to talk more and be more open to people because it makes me so uncomfortable.
But yeah, about people telling me to talk more
I'm home now
Bought a cute shirt because I deserve it
I'm probably going to rant more about this when I get home because I'm going to town
INSPIRATION
But it's like saying "You won't succeed in life because you are you :-)"
I have a hard time talking to new people and I have tried to talk to my friends' friends, but yeah nothing so
But saying I won't succeed in life, and that I won't make any friends????? Okay thanks
I know I'm quiet. Fully aware of it :--)
I hate when people tell me "you have to talk more!!" It's not that fucking easy.
And I found out that I'm done with english today!! My teacher will tell me my final grade next week yoooo
I'm so relieved?? I thought they hated me, but apparently not???
Friend really tried to start a conversation with me and kept talking to me!!
Today was pretty good!
Friend talked to me!! Friend was happy!!
Just finished reading The Two Towers yooo
There's a difference between being confident and being an asshat.
You know what's great? Telling yourself that you're good enough.
You know what's not great? Saying that you're better than everyone else.
Oh wait that's right I'm incapable of being social with people
How am I still single
I'll see him on Sunday tho 
But still
I want my baby to come hooooome
Wednesdays are so fucking chill
THE THOUGHT ABOUT HAVING A DICK INSIDE OF MY VAGINA GROSSES ME OUT OKAY ISN'T THAT ENOUGH???
Let me and my gayness live 
Don't question me
There's so many things that this girl has said that are just ??? ?? ? ? what??
And this girl was bisexual too???
You don't tell straight girls that they don't know if they're straight because they haven't had sex with a girl yet, right???
What she said about my sexuality though was just ???? ? excuse me??
And I can't stand her 
It was so real
And I had to sit next to the girl who said I don't know if I'm gay because I haven't had sex with a guy yet
Like my mom told me that my eyebrows looked bad and that I shouldn't draw them like that????
I had the weirdest dreams. They were so real though???
I just want to lay in bed cuddling someone.
That would be nice
I'm cold
Someone hold me
I'm not ready to become an adult, okay.
The future scares me so much??? Like, it feels like I don't want to live after I finish school.
Thought about the future while taking a shower.
10/10 do not recommend.
My hair is so static :--(
Why hair why
I'm not saying that I don't care, because I do. I just don't want to force anyone to be my friend.
That makes me kind if weak, doesn't it? How I'm just accepting this?
But I'm not going to make a big deal out of this. If they feel like not being my friend anymore that's their choice.
It's just so painful to see someone you used to be so close with lose interest in you.
I'm probably just overreacting again :--)
Yeah :-----)
Fuck this shit.
If they don't need me anymore that's fine.
I fucking hate being left behind and ignored. Am I that much of a bad friend?
Okay yeah fine ignore me I don't care
It's fine :--)
No but
Can I dream about Tanaka next time I go to sleep
Thanks
I love when Daichi calls him goofball because yes it is true
@MrsDaiki I now wish that Asahi was real so that I could have my own big goofball
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
I DREAMT THAT I WAS DATING ASAHI
PLEASE LET ME GO BACK
It's fucking heartbreaking man
The pain when you realize that you will never meet your own ocs
My life is struggle
I want to cuddle him and I want him to hold me forever and kiss me on my face and just AJHSDGAS
YOU GUYS DON'T UNDERSTAND MY LOVE FOR THAT ASSHAT
I WANT HIM TO BE REAL SO BAD
I am so attracted to my own oc
Slay me 
kuroko: like 17?
akashi: 24 
aomine: pushing 50
kise: flower 
mukkun: maybe like 30
kiyoshi: sea turtle  
midorima…
We're actually visiting him this weekend!! I can't wait someone hold me ;;
I have to upload photos with my phone if I don't want them to fucking rotate :--)
I want this little baby to come home now -homosexual tears- 
Okay but
Whenever I try to upload a picture here it fucking rotates and ? ?? ? @Support Am I doing something wrong???? ?? ?
It's only 26 days left.
But today, me and my dad went to a little place to plan what we're going to buy when Rhus comes home which made me happy
Still feeling like people don't like me anymore and shit like that
So I was feeling kinda down today, like I have the last couple of weeks during school.
Can you believe I'm getting a fucking kitten
Because I can't
And we're going to visit him this weekend I hope
Can you believe it
Okay but 
It's only 26 days left until my little baby comes home
My hair is so smooth 
I love life
I LOVE HAIKYUU SO MUCH 
SOMEONE HOLD ME
Something was wrong with that chicken though
I have a whole chicken in my microwave atm
lrt holy mother of god
I guess I did have fun. . . BUT THAT'S NOT THE POINT
A RANDOM STRANGER TEXTED ME AND OUT OF CONTEXT IT'S FUCKING WEIRD
Me: I think you sent this to the wrong number!
Person: No, I thought it looked like you had fun while you were on the toilet ;--)
I'm creeped out now because what if it was meant to be sent to me??? ?? This person is 39 years old so it would be really fucking weird???
I have no money on my phone so I can't text them back to say that they got the wrong number????
And I just got out from the bathroom when I got it which made me think "DID THEY SEE ME SITTING ON THE TOILET OR WHAT"
I looked up the number and it's someone from my town??? ? I have no idea who it is, what the fuck
Some random person just texted me saying "I'm on the wrong side, you seem to have more fun over there"
nani the fuck
I love Nishinoya 

ACTUAL PROGRESS YES
I want a senpai so they can buy me ice cream too what the fuck.
This is so unfair.
I still don't know if I should love Oikawa, or hate him??? ??
WHY CAN'T YOU BE REAL SUGAWARA
I WANT TO BE YOUR FRIEND
I wish Suga was real
Precious baby
Rewatching Haikyuu!!
Are these dorks even real
It looked more brown-red-ish the last time and now it looks more red, hooray
Just redyed my hair and it looks so much better than last time??? And it's the same color?? Hmmmmm
It's snowing?? ?? ? what the fuck
This is about fucking respecting people.
This is not about her?
@MrsDaiki WELL YOU SEE SOME PEOPLE ARE NOT COMFORTABLE WITH BEING CALLED BOY OR GIRL BUT OKAY
"I'm not comfortable calling people something other than boys and girls"
Like, there's so many things that she says in this video that annoys me??? 
Stop being so butthurt
A swedish youtuber I used to like posted a video called "I'm not a transphobe" and I just
I want to discuss this video with someone so bad
@fellelcin det är typ det bästa
som att gå på zoo typ
I'm so cold what the actual fuck
My dad is really interested by this type of things and he taught me a lot about space when I was a kid. Or well, he tried at least
But I think it's cool. I love looking at the stars and thinking about how big space is and how much is out there
I think some of my classmates must have thought that I'm easily amazed, but I'm really not???
"Solar eclipses aren't even that cool"
IT'S FUCKING SPACE MAN
IT'S COOL LET ME BE AMAZED
I couldn't feel my hands and it hurt when I walked.
I can't remember the last time I got that cold???
I'm still warm if it's like -3 degrees celsius so I was like "yeah I'll get hot and I'll regret that" 
Little did I know
I had my jacket too, I'm not that crazy jeez.
Maybe it had something to do with the eclipse??? idk
And I thought I would get too hot if I wore something thicker, so I just took a my batman tank top
I regret that decision
I'm usually warmer than everyone else but today something happened and I got so fucking cold
It was really cold though?? Even if it was like 1 degree celsius???
I have always been amazed by space and stars and shit but now I'm just
wow???
Okay but the solar eclipse looked really cool
We had some weird glasses so we could look at it and I'm really amazed by space now
@fellelcin basic bitches överallt 
man ba dig har jag sett förut right
I look so fucking bomb today
((is that how you say it))
My teacher would probably be like "this girl needs jesus"
I was like "yeah that is perfect I should do that"
But I didn't.
Novels are hard to write man
I thought about writing a novel about a little baby crow
Named Hinata
And we had three subjects to write about, yeah?
One of them was to write a novel about an animal
Okay but listen
Yesterday I did a national exam yeah?
Apparently there's a solar eclipse today???
How cool is that
And because I just got my period and I crave suger atm
I bought some candy today
Why?
Because I fucking deserve it that's why
That national exam went better than expected
I'm on fire
That took me one hour
Wow
Thank god 
We can use our computers
Hopefully we'll have some cool subject to write about at least.
I CAN'T WRITE A TEXT, BY HAND, IN THREE HOURS. I NEED LIKE THREE MONTHS
Wish me luck
I'm sure as hell going to need it
My english as been really bad lately what the fuck
"You have to write a text from 08:20 to 11:40. Oh and btw no computers lol good luck"
And we can't use any computers. Excuse me but how
National exams from 08:20 → 11:40.
I am not ready
@MrsDaiki LET ME LIVE OKAY PLEASE STOP
@MrsDaiki FUCKING HELL WHY IS MY ENGLISH SHIT
I feel like I'm going to freak out in the middle of the test.
I have national exams tomorrow, and we're are going to write a text for ~3 hours :---)
I am already freaking out
okay but
how isn't anyone dating me yet 
@MrsDaiki is my english even legit idk man i'm sad let me live
Probably is.
Well shit
Is that too much to ask for
Someone who would be like "HEY i love you, you are my friend and I will NOT let you drift away from me, not if you want to."
Someone who wouldn't let me drift away.
I just want to find someone who would actually fight for me, and who would call me their best friend.
There will always be someone who's better than me and I know I can't compete with them even if I tried.
I'm scared that I won't have any friends when I grow up.
I can't even keep one right now.
I'm too pretty to be sad
If you look at my two last selfies you can actually see my sadness
Wow
I think I'm going to send my friend a message to see if I've done anything wrong
I kinda feel like shit so I told my teacher I wanted to go home
Why is this happening
Okay but why is Twitter rotating my pictures when I want to upload them??? @ twitter fix this goddammit
Tbh I just want someone to cuddle with and hold me.
I want my kitten to come home now. I need some cat-cuddles.
This is why I don't like groups of three :-)
Especially if one of my friends are a little bit over the top/outgoing. I'm so shy that I'll just stay quiet.
I'm not blaming them, I know I can be quiet sometimes.
I just feels like I'm being left out of things and like they don't even try to talk to me.
So if they say that it's my fault I would get even more confused. It would probably brake me.
I don't know what I'm doing wrong right now, if there even is anything I'm doing wrong.
And I'm not saying that because "It's not my fault", it's because if that's the case I don't know what I should do to change it.
I don't want to talk to them about it because then they might say that it's my fault.
I've been feeling so left out when I've been in school lately, and I have no idea what I should do.
Today was just. . .
I don't know if I'm doing something wrong or if my friends are just tired of me.
The only thing that makes me happy atm is the fact that Rhus is coming home in 32 days.
I've been trying so hard without success and now I don't know what to do.
It feels like my friends are leaving me. I can't handle this. I really can't.
And we have another one on Thursday
Let Me Live
National exams today
I am not ready
Me: Let me see YOU kill that fucking bear I dare you
Cat: *one-hit kill*
Me: Goddammit cat
Cat: Lol
"GODDAMMIT CAT I ALMOST KILLED THAT FUCKING BEAR AND NOW I'M DEAD BECAUSE OF YOUR BULLSHIT"
Cat: Lol
But like imagine playing Skyrim with a kitten laying on your lap or just trying to fuck your shit up
I am ready
I listened to Lindsey Stirling's Skyrim and thought about my kitten
I almost started crying on the bus
What the actual fuck
kagehina: "U DUMBASS" 

other couples: *holding hands* *cuddling*
kagehina: *races each o…
It's so hooootttt
Someone save me
How am I supposed to survive summer
@fellelcin goals
I think I'm going to rewatch AHS Coven because I have nothing better to do mkay bye
I want my baby to come home.
IT'S BEEN ONE DAY HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO SURVIVE 33 DAYS
So every time I listen to it I get happy and want to go back to London. 
Amazing feeling
For example, every time I listen to Froot I think about my trip to London because I listened to it a lot while I was there
I just realized that I'm going to be associating some Marina and the Diamonds songs to Rhus. I love life
@MrsDaiki back at* maybe idk no hablo ingles
People must think I'm having a child but nah I'm getting a kitten
Pffff who wants children when you can have a kitten
One day I'll look back on these picture I took of him today and be like "WOAH WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK so small"
I can't stop thinking about my little baby kitten and how I'll be able to see him grow up.
@MrsDaiki Yeah me neither
Can you believe I'm getting a kitten
Can someone talk to me about Rhus because I'm dying over here
How can you NOT be excited about a kitten.
Sure, if you don't like cats but just let me live.
"It's just a fucking cat"
YES IT'S A CAT EXACTLY THAT'S WHY
WHAT'S YOUR FUCKING POINT
This is about me getting a little bundle of life and happiness. 
I'm going to talk about this as much as I want mkay
Sometimes I get to excited about small things, I'm aware of that. 
But this is not a small thing.
So fuck you if you think I'm overreacting about getting a kitten.
This means so much to me.
I still can't understand that we actually bought him.
Maybe it's because I'm afraid that we can't take care of him is the reason I want to cry.
Just the fact that we bought a kitten today makes me want to cry. Cats make me so happy.
And I mean, a kitten??? I'm getting a kitten??? ?? I deserve to be excited.
I want to prove to myself that I'm capable of taking care of an animal, because I believe I can't.
And then we couldn't take care of our dog so we gave her away.
That shit tears your confidence down.
@MrsDaiki &gt; because we couldn't really take care of him anymore and he shed so much hair.
But the thing is: I've been wanting a kitten for so long now. I had a cat a few years ago but we had to sell him &gt;
Some people might think that I'm being too excited about Rhus, and that it might get annoying.
I still can't believe it okay.
He's the cutest thing ever.
5 weeks is such a long time goddammit 
I'm going to get a framed photo of him to take with me when I leave.
And the fact that I'm leaving town in a few months makes me sad now that we're getting a cat.
What if Rhus doesn't like me??? I get so sad if an animal doesn't like me :--(
We bought a cat AND my mom got me a cola. Could this day get any better?
I'm almost crying because of the fact that
I'm a mother
And my dad, his gf, her daughter and my lil sis is going to Turkey this summer for a week, so I'll have the little baby all for myself
I decided that when he comes home I'll live at my dad's place every other weekend.
I can't believe we acutally bought a cat today. 
I called it. I fucking called it.
He's ready to come home in 5 weeks, but we're going to visit him in 2 weeks.
I can't believe this is happening.
This is Rhus and I love him.
See you in 5 weeks baby. 
DID YOU FUCKING HEAR ME
WE'RE GETTING A KITTEN
Hey 
We're buying a kitten. We're going to meet him soon.
Hold me
This shit that they've planned must be good or I'm gonna be pissed.
I have ~1 hour to get ready before I have to be at my dad's place.
"Homosexualitet är en avvikelse"
Jag gillar inte dig längre Måns
Dra åt pipsvängen
Sorry for the swedish tweets but 
Måns Zelmerlöw
Han krossar alla ändå
Stolt över dig Måns
Gillar hans casual outfit like he doesn't give a fuck
Alltså Måns är ändå så jävla söt
Lek inte med mina känslor så där
MEN VAD I HELVETE
MÅNS
VÄNTA VARS ÄR MÅNS
GE MIG MÅNS
Ingen bryr sig om Zlatan????
Första Mello jag sett nu i år. Måste säga att jag hittills är mycket besviken. Vilka är dessa människor
I need to get my shit together
@MrsDaiki straight from heaven I believe
WHY IS MY ENGLISH FUCKING AHDSJAHJ TODAY
The soda w/e idk
What even is cola
I hope everyone understands that I'm talking about the drink
Even though I'll probably be asleep when she gets home
Oh well I can have it tomorrow
I got this sudden crave for coke but I'm to lazy to walk for like 15 minutes to buy one so I asked my mom to buy one for me
And maybe watch some Disney movies
We can spoon too
I'm alone most of the night
Anyone wanna come over and
idk
make out with me
Some people never leave the "lol i'm so random XD" phase and that's really sad.
"I'm not human, I'm a muppet :3"
You're a fucking moron, that's what you are.
I've been gay all my life, it just took me a few years to figure it out.
When people say "I've been gay for xx years" I cry inside. 
That's not how you gay okay
I want to rewatch Haikyuu!! but I don't have the motivation
I am trash
@MrsDaiki idk never heard of it
@MrsDaiki what the fuck is english
I've always imaged Sasuke having the sweetest ass ever
Abort mission
He's like 12 in that picture and I'm 18
Shit
And this is like the only legit picture I have of me and Sasuke
Unbelievable 
I made that picture two years ago when I had the biggest crush on the biggest douche ever. I still love him
We're celebrating 2 years together&lt;3
I think we're perfect for each other&lt;3
Me and my boyfriend&lt;3 
How can someone not love Tanaka
He's flawless
I love him
@MrsDaiki and idk maybe we could cuddle and smooch a little
your choice
Fight me
IF I GET A KITTEN I'M GOING TO NAME IT NOYA OR SHOUYO OR KAGS OR SUGA OR TANAKA OR TSUKKI
I will love you forever if you buy me a kitten
I promise
We can watch Haikyuu!! together
It doesn't get better than that
It's actually just me who wants her to get a kitten so I can take care of it lol
She's been taking this fluffy toy and treating it as a kitten for a while now, so maybe she would feel better with an actual kitten???
My mentor told me that she's apparently pseudo-pregnant so they're thinking about buying a little kitten for her
Look at this beauty.
I love her 
Mostly because I'm sarcastic as shit and I called her that when she was being a fucking dork.
When we took care of her the first time, at my mom's place, I ended up calling her "katt" which is cat in Swedish. Idk why
I'm like excuse me, she's not an "it" she's a cat. A live animal, and she has a name.
His gf doesn't really like animals though.
She called Smulan "it" when we took care of her.
But what if tomorrow has something to do with cats?
Like
What IF
I can either see into the future or I can make my wishes come true. 
That has to be it. Fight me
Or other things like that. I hope for something and then it actually happens.
Sometimes I've thought "Maybe mom buys me a soda for dinner tonight" and then when she gets home she actually bought me one
I have this weird thing I can do and I believe that I'm actually a wizard.
It's not going to happen, BUT WHAT IF.
Imagine if my dad and his gf bought three kittens for each of us kids.
I would cry so much.
Are we meeting someone? Are we going to do something fun?
Who am I kidding. It's just me who wishes for a cat. And I don't even live at my dad's place anymore so
He actually said that he would want a cat after we took care of my mentor's cat Smulan
So yeah maybe
What if we're buying a kitten. Just think about it
It's not impossible
He said I didn't have to bring anything and that we're staying inside town. I've been trying to figure out what it is but I can't
And then we would be home at like 12:30
So what the fuck are we doing
We're going with his "family" and idk if they know where we're going. He said I should come to him around 10am tomorrow
But he later called and said that it had to be on sunday instead, and he won't tell me what it is and I'm a little bit stressed about it
So my dad called me ABOUT A WEEK AGO (week ago) and told me we were going somewhere on saturday (which is today)
It feels like I ruined it. 
I am cold
So why am I sweating 
What The Fuck
I think I'm going to draw some flowers on Aya's hair because she deserves it
I can't believe I actually tagged them in that tweet
[sweats nervously]
@MrsDaiki (i actually got some inspiration for her hair from a picture I saw of @achiIIcs eeh goodbye)
Look at this freckled lil' baby
This is Aya and she's my precious little child 
Maybe I should draw one of my ocs as an elf
Sounds good to me
I have nothing to do
Entertain me
Why isn't my medicine kicking in
What am I doing wrong
Let me watch my fucking porn alone computer
You're not my mom
My new computer won't really allow me to watch porn anymore without going "ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO STAY ON THIS WEBSITE??"
It's quite funny how most people don't think that girls watch porn.
I'm just [hysterical laughter]
Grey's Anatomy is on TV okay
"Porn as pain management???"
Why not
I took my medicine like an hour ago
Why am I not excited about life yet
Vilken är din bästa raggningsreplik? — Are you a traitor to the crown?
Because I can definitely see you giving h... 
But the question is:
Should I talk to Bromir about how I'm worried that we're drifting apart?
Because it's like a 40% chance that I'll talk to them if I feel sad
I want my friends to start using Twitter so they know when I'm sad or why I'm quiet sometimes
I have no school tomorrow nor on monday
And I have nothing to do during those days
Someone save me
And that really sucks, and hurts. Am I doing something wrong?? I should ask them
Maybe
I used to be really lovey-dovey with bromir but now 
I don't know
It feels like we're drifting apart
I want hugs and cuddles
Is that to much to ask for???
@MrsDaiki fucking shit man what is english that "have" is not supposed to be there
I just don't know what to do with all these feelings
You feel me
Just having someone to cuddle and be really cute with is what I want
Like I have see myself as a really loving person but when I don't have anyone to be lovey-dovey with I get sad
I miss being lovey-dovey with someone. It doesn't have to be in a romantic way
I just miss it
"I'm a lesbian but I have a boyfriend"
So you're not gay 
right
Am I missing something here?
"I'm a lesbian but I have a sex with boys sometimes lol"
Soooo you're like bi or pan?
"No I said I'm gay???"
We talked about people being immature and rude, and people lying about their sexuality
I just talked with the school's "therapist" for almost 80 minutes. I feel alive
I'm wearing my cat shirt, cat earring, cat socks and I have cats on my backpack.
Fight me.
Today is a cat day.
@MrsDaiki btw seconds later another cool person liked two of my selfies. stop my beating heart
*cool person likes your selfie on IG* 
are you sure
I just started screeming at my mom and told her that a cuTE PERSON JUST LIKED ONE OF MY PICTURES AAAH
jackocalypse just liked one of my selfies on instagram
i am dead goodbye
I'm shaking so brb gonna go get something to eat (i wrote someone first oops)
I am just a small gay with a lot of feelings
God I want people to talk to
If I can just tone down my thighs until summer than maybe I'll be confident enough to wear shorts???
Last summer I didn't go outside for like a week because it was hotter outside than inside and it was fucking hot inside so yeah you feel me
So don't fucking say to me "HOW CAN YOU NOT LIKE SUMMER??"
I can't sleep and I can't be outside. So yeah idk man
And I'm uncomfortable wearing shirts that doesn't cover my arms so that makes it even worse
So when I say "I don't like summer that much" it's because I'm literally suffering.
Well I'm already hot but you guys get it
Like, summer is a real struggle for me because I'm warmer than most people so I get super hot during summer
It's so sunny today and I just "can you not please just let me live"

but when light yagami was 17 he had plans to become a god
Good times
I was laying in bed thinking about what a horrible friend I am and that I'll eventually end up alone
Last night I thought about my friends leaving me and I almost started crying. This is bullshit just let me live
@MrsDaiki it's far from done too okay
Okay yeah but my babe as an elf tho 
I want to upload a drawing put the picture turns sideways and I don't know why Twitter does this
I could literally burst into tears because I love them so much
God I love LotR so much someone hold me
That song man, cover or not.
The feels.
Listening to Peter Hollens cover of "Into The West" and the tears are real
It's probably because I haven't eaten anything today
Yeah
I just worked out a bit and now my head hurts???? ??
Still feeling kind of body positive. 
I'll probably go to town and look at clothes tomorrow.
@MrsDaiki Idk what it's called in english. jävla kurator så obror
I am going to the schools "therapist" tomorrow, so maybe I can talk to her about it. Just to get it off my chest.
I need someone to talk to.
I should talk to them about it, but I'm scared that they'll get offended or blame me for it.
I hate feeling like I'm being ignored. It's one of the worst feelings in the world for me.
I'm scared that they'll leave me. I know I can be bitter and quiet sometimes, it's not my fault. I'm really trying okay.
I know it's probably just me. But I feel bad about it.
If someone talks me over while I'm talking I'll feel like absolute shit and stop talking.
It feels like I'm drifting away from my friends. Mostly because it feels like I'm being left out and ignored.
I'm feeling really body positive today.
Hopefully it stays.
I just finished the lil Kenma
he cute 
I wonder what my friends say about me when I'm not around. I really want to know.
It feels so good being back in school
It really does
Drew Nekoma's precious kitten today
His hair is my weakness 

I love my new wallpaper btw feat. mr trash face
My room looks so much bigger now 
@MrsDaiki oh what the hell ball is life so yeah it works
@MrsDaiki or like* shit
And I've been thinking about drawing some of the haikyuus 
Or life
Re-draw ? ?? screenshots from the anime?? ?
yeah
I might re-watch Haikyuu!! because it makes me happy and I love myself
The Nekoma OVA was amazing and really cute
Precious babies

Lord Of The Rings Triology
I finished GoT today. Those two last episodes man.
My heart got the feels and it hurt a lot
A PERSON ON THE BUSS LOOKS KINDA LIKE ELLEN PAGE
SLAY ME
Fresh as fuck 
I look so fucking fresh today by the way.
I feel like a Queen.
I am a Queen.
I got ~5 minutes late but my hairdresser was still cutting someone else's hair. I live another day
Hopefully I won't be late
I hate being late
I'm going to town to cut my fringe, but I 'missed' the bus I was going to take
Good job me
Why is it hot outside
Let me live
It wasn't by an arrow this time tho so congratulations
((spoilers)) But why did SEAN BEAN have to die?? ? 
I loved him. He was like a super detective at the end
But now I want her to step on me, though I don't think she would ever do that.
And Daenerys is the most badass Queen I've ever seen. I didn't like her at first because she was kind of a whiny bitch
He and Lord Tyrion are my precious sons.
I wanted Jon Snow to be asexual so bad. Why did they have to do this
"I love cute and cute things"
Yeah me too
"I love kawaii and cute things ^.^" 
Okay
I want people to like my pictures because they _like_ them okay, so go ahead.
Is it to make me feel bad like "oh no wait please don't unlike my pics!! I'll like all of your pictures please!!!!!"
And now they removed their comment. It's like they're erasing themselves from my life, not that I'm complaining.
@MrsDaiki Did you get hurt or something? Or was it embarrassing that you didn't get those valuable likes back? Please tell me
@MrsDaiki You like someones pictures, they don't like them back and you just unlike all of those pictures
I just don't understand some people. Isn't it just embarrassing to do that?
Not just because I want the other person to like more of my own pictures.
If someone likes one of my pictures and I go to their profile and sees some pictures that I like, then I will like them
I don't even see them as people anymore. Does likes give you something? Money? Fame?
So you only liked my pictures because you wanted me to like your pictures back? Not because you liked them? Well I'll be damned
I mean, I only like pictures because well idk I LIKE them? Not because I want likes back.
And then they started to unlike those pictures. I am heartbroken. My life will never be the same.......... ... .. ... ..
Someone just liked a bunch of my pictures on IG and then commented "Likes back?" 
No??? ? ?
I _hate_ people on Instagram who asks for likes.
My bad
Did I just call Murasakibara little
Who am I kidding
Murasakibara is precious
I don't even like Mukkun that much, even though he's such a little dork, but that was hella rude

How can you hate Kise?
Who hurt you?
"I used to hate you, Kise-kun. But in a good way."
THAT'S STILL RUDE KUROKO NO ASSHAT
Akashi needs to calm the fuck down
That's what I've been saying this whole time
Finally 
Why am I shaking so much???? It's just questions??? About my old classmates????
It's been two fucking years mate
I don't know anything about them anymore
Just
Leave mate
Now I won't be able to sleep because I'll just wait for another question
fuck
Why these sudden questions about my old classmates
What the Fuck
I just restarted my computer and then it worked
ITunes
Why
I couldn't open it and I was afraid I had to re install it or something
stoP PLAYING WITH MY EMOTIONS LIKE THAT
God I fucking hate ITunes sometimes
My hand was cold so I put it under my boob. 
God bless you boobs.
IT'S TANAKA'S BIRTHDAY TODAY????
SHIT
EH HAPPY B-DAY MY PRECIOUS RAY OF SUNSHINE
I LOVE YOU
My mom's watching 50SOG tonight and she just posted on Fb "Monday luxury while waiting for Mr. Grey"
Mom please no
SEAN BEEAAAAN
Was that a fucking Draugr
Oh well he killed the douche I'm happy
I think I'm gonna start to watch GoT
I'm only doing it for the wolves and the dragons okay
I love Free!
Slay Me
Free! is not fun and games
It's a fucking stab in the heart and fan service
And then I watched Free on crack, by the same person, and by every "episode" my heart started to hurt more and more
I watched some Haikyuu on crack vids yesterday and they are fucking amazing let me tell you
Gosh I wanna talk to people
Please socialize with me
I'm not wearing any pants right now
I Am Alive
Lily is the only sim I've ever made that looks amazing in this shirt
Bless you Lily 
Doesn't she look like a Sofie??? I believe she does 
Lily has a girlfriend named Sofie
She's my precious little flowerchild
I wanted her to have a floral name so I named her Lily
This is Lily and I love her I never want her to die 
If I want my male sim to wear flawless eyeliner and eyeshadow I should be able to do so right
but noOoOooOoooo guys don't wear makeup
And I wish the "males" in Sims could wear more makeup and feminine clothes without looking "stereotypically" gay
I wish you could choose your Sims' sexuality and gender
Like what if I want my female Sim to be disgusted by men???
I want it to play the piano and learn about gardening
But ofc I shouldn't set up expectations for their child
It can do w/e it wants
I'm just so pumped for making my Sims' lives amazing and having them adopt a child and make that child's life amazing
I love my medicine
Well, I'm not excited about MY life atm. It's my two Sims' life I'm excited about.
I took my medicine a while ago, and you guys know how excited about life I get right?
I want to be around people, not sit at home eating everything I see and play Sims
Even tho Sims is pretty fun
buT STILL
I enjoy school, people get to see me and be like "wow shit wow" but now I'm just sitting at home looking like trash
I mean the weekends are boring enough so yeah a week??? 
Shit
I have no school this week and it's so boring send help
I just found Himuro's and Hanamiya's Tip Off MVPs and I just
Let me live
That milk I just drank tasted funny
Why does this happen
And when it happens, why can't I get kisses and cuddles
Please love me
I just
Really need kisses and cuddles atm
The frustration
I swear it won't be gay
I want kisses
Hey
Wanna come and you know
put your mouth on my mouth
HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE 
Hair bun: The Aftermath 
My mom put my hair up to a really cute bun today
I took it out now
He's wearing his boyfriend's shirt because he really likes it
They cute
help
Can we all just appreciate this little pixel I made of my oc Jigo
My precious little flower 
I blame @harto for that
I'm not drunk, I'm just like
emotionally drunk
you feel me
Is my english even legit
Idk man 
Idc
My mom and her boyfriend is probably so done with my shit right now
And today I've watched so many "My drunk kitchen"
Guess how I am right now
I get really affected by other people's mood/behavior sometimes. For example, if someone's really goofy I'll get goofy too
Fucking hell man
It feels like I'm back in 2010 or something.
Are you guys 12 or something? Goddammit.
People need to shut the fuck up about this goddamn dress.
Bromir is here today
Praise the lords
I wanted to sit alone in our art room but here I am with three people who won't stop talking :^) help
Please stop saying "Yas" you sound stupid.
What am I 
Bromir took this amazing photo of me before Christmas when I tried out this amazing thing idk 
I miss Bromir so much
Why do they have to be sick
There's this guy who keeps looking at me here at school
What Do You Want
YES
AAH 
I KNOW
THROW AKASHI INTO THE FIRES OF MORDOR
THAT WILL SOLVE EVERYTHING
This is like a mix up between LotR and Naruto
Just take his eye out and use it to your own will
I know where this is going 
I want him to step on me
Or well he is kind of a god right
The music in the background is fucking amazing
It makes Akashi look like a god
SO IT IS THE SHARINGAN
I KNEW IT
What the fuck is this
Is Akashi part of the Uchiha clan or what
Okay but seeing Akashi play is amazing
shin-chan messed up my english gomen
AAAH HE'S LIKE "NONE OF MY TEAMMATES ARE BURDENS SHUT THE FUCK UP" 
sweet child
God he's so fucking cool
GO MIDORIMA
FIGHTO!!
God bless you Takao 
My love for my basketball-children is unbelievable. I love them so much
Someone save me from this hell
I want to give Kise Ryouta all the love in the world
Precious little child
I love you
I will get really fucking excited if you ask me, but when you just bash on the series that I love I'll feel like shit.
From this day on I will never show any of my friends anime. Even if they ask.
You won't like it, okay.
I'm confused
But then again why does fictional bishies attract me so much
Who am I
I am THE gay
Pff who am I kidding
Am I really that gay?
I'm still wondering tho
Why do I get distracted by my own cleavage sometimes
I'm gonna stop talk about my boobs now
I think
MOTHEEEEER
KNOWS BEST
Mom was right
But still I denied it when my mom told me I had a C-cup instead of a B-cup
I was like "pffff no mom what"
But now I'm like "They have arrived"
Like when I was in 7th grade the girls in my class almost competed who had the biggest boobs and I felt really bad at that time
I've never really realised how big my tatas really are
Where did you come from
Who summoned you
Did I just contour my boobs
They're supposed to be even higher up but H&amp;M was like "nope not today".
Oh well, they're cute and so am I
Look at these cute stay-ups I bought today!!
I have no idea when I'm going to use them but hey what can you do 
I have cramps and my eyes hurt
Pray for my survival
My next class starts in one hour and none of my friends are here
Save me
Going in to town after school to buy that fucking hair-dye and probably look at some clothes because I deserve it
@fellelcin göre ba bror!!
oh same, den är hella cute ( ・ω・)
@fellelcin it's okay lil flower. you looked hella fine bror just saying yo men jag ba "aaah help" sry
my son 
Even though my hair looks weird I still look cute
Nothing can bring me down
Instead of Rei I now have Noya hanging from my phone, with his lil' volleyball
He cute
My friends may not be here but at least I have Noya and Yamaguchi aka Freckle
I would've been naked if it wasn't for the fact that my fucKING VAGINA IS BLEEDING
Jk I'm naked 
(not rly tho i have underpantsu on don't worry)
I may or may not be naked in that picture
You will never know
Look how dark my hair is now
Fierce 
My precious child 
His entire existence is perfection
He must be protected
FUCKING MIDORIMA SHINTAROU
JUST FUCK ME UP
AND CAN WE JUST TALK ABOUT THIS WORK OF ART
perfection 
I'm catching up with KnB and I love Takao so much
Precious little baby
I am too pretty for this
I still look pretty hot though
And if anyone points out that my hair's uneven I will stab them.
Two packages will probably cost around 300sek
Yay
My hair is so thick so there's never really enough dye to cover all of it
So from now on i have to buy two packages :^)
My hair turned out so fucking uneven.
It's red with a bunch of orange spots
idk man
Gonna watch Big Hero 6 with lil' sis now
No okay but
I've actually been thinking about dyeing it black??? I would p look rly hot and I would get all the ladies
I swear
Best joke I've ever made
Gonna colour my hair red today. Which kind of red you ask?
The blood of my enemies
ye
The fucking beginning scared me
I am weak
But I'm going to watch the second one now
Pray for my survival
I was so scared of The Grudge when I was younger, and I haven't really watched them since then because I got so scared
Japanese vines gives me life
If he doesn't show up in 5 minutes I'm leaving.
A teacher said he was going to open the gym for me at 12:00. That was 20 minutes ago
But THEN I'm like "WHO DOESN'T WANT TO BE MY FRIEND I'M COOL"
But then I'm like "nah who would want to be my friend"
Whenever I'm home alone I want to start talking to people and just, you know, maybe find some new friends
What are you talking about
I am not gay
And sometimes I look down my own cleavage and just "nice"
It's not because they're nice to look at, it's because, well you know. . .
Boobs
Sometimes I get distracted by my own boobs.
I am horrible 
Forgive me lil Freckle
Confession: I only remember Yamaguchi's name because I called him Tamagotchi while I was watching Haikyuu!!
And my love for Yamaguchi aka Freckle grows stronger each day because of the pin I got from Japan
And I look really cute today too. Even cuter than yesterday 
How is that even possible
And by party I mean me sitting at home playing Sims, drinking cola and maybe even watch some KnB
Living on the edge
My mom decided to go to IKEA, which is like ~3 hours away from here, so I'll be alone 'til tomorrow
I'm gonna throw a party
I have ~2 liters of cola in my fridge
Save me
If anyone think that's funny, heads up: It's not.
"I'm not a racist!! I hate everyone!!"
Go fuck yourself
I HAVE ARTS AND CRAFTS TODAY TOO SO YEAH HAPPY DAYS
None of my friends are here but Wednesdays are p chill 
and I'm gonna play Sims after school
So I shouldn't be sad
I'm too pretty to have a bad day today
Fighto
I'm gonna look so fucking good tomorrow
Prepare yourselves
I've seen one of them before and I've been like "I don't rly like u but u gon be mine" so I bought it
I bought two really cute shirts today
I feel powerful
HOW CAN YOU NOT LAUGH 
I'm looking at pictures that me and my lil sis took with webcamtoy and I'm laughing and there's people here 
Woops
I know I'm not better than anyone else. I would never say that???? At least not out loud you know
"You're selfish and an asshole if you love yourself that much" No. If I start saying that I'm better than everyone THEN yes
Me joking about having good confidence fucking gave me hella confidence
It's probably because I started posting selfies everyday and joked about how perfect I am and now I'm like "how could I have been so blind"
My confidence is like wow most of the days
I look good
okay
Now I want people to see me and like "Look at me!!"
Two years ago I hated going on a bus because I didn't want people to see me
I call him Freckle 
Look at this majestic baby.
He cute 
THIS LIL CUTIE FOR EXAMPLE
FRECKLE BABY 
MY PACKAGE FROM JAPAN CAME
SO MANY THINGS
SO MANY HOT BOYS
Okay I shouldn't feel bad.
DON'T MAKE IT LOOK LIKE I WAS RUDE
Now I feel bad
Fuck
I WASN'T MEAN TO YOU
STOP BEING A CREEP AND JUST LEAVE
I mean like, a no is a no right???? Just fucking respect that and leave.
Jesus fucking christ man
I told them "No. Leave" and they were like "WHY ARE YOU BEING SO DISRESPECTFUL???"
I understand why they asked for my legs, because yeah 
But why my feet??
I don't want to be a part of your creepy foot fetishes 
ew
Someone on Instagram wanted me to DM them some pictures of my legs and feet after I posted a picture of my legs
Look how cute my legs are 
I think my package from Japan arrived to my dad's office today!!
Straight people
When will they learn
A few kisses now and then is okay bUT MAKING OUT WITH EACH OTHER WHILE I'M THERE????? NO THANKS
FUCKING LEAVE
It makes me so uncomfortable sitting next to a couple while their tongues battle for dominance
YES OKAY WE GET THAT YOU'RE STRAIGHT WITH EACH OTHER YOU DON'T HAVE TO EXCHANGE SALIVA EVERY OTHER SECOND
Even tho I rarely even eat lunch at school woops
Bromir is sick and I forgot my school id at home so I probably won't be allowed to eat lunch today :^)
Some of my classmates are sitting and talking trash about a guy with "special needs".
I'm just like "shut the fuck up"
If you believe it
Now it's at 10%
You can do it
I believe in you!!!
I'm installing Sims 4 on my computer atm, and it's so slow
What The Fuck
It's only at 6%
My dad got my Sims 4 and 5000sek!! And his girlfriend got me a 3-in-1 Naruto manga B^)
My dad just got home tho so it's fine now I guess
My dad's girlfriend is home and we're not really talking to each other
It's really awkward and just uuuu
Celebrating my birthday at my dad's place tonight. This place makes me uncomfortable, but I'll try to be nice.
My eyebrow game is so strong today
Fear me
I am your Queen
-googles: how to be an adult-
I am officially an adult today (not rly)
woop woop
@MrsDaiki That sounded confusing. I'm just calling her Waffle okay
Her name isn't Waffle but we ate waffles for dinner and then gave the rest to the hens, and that's how Waffle got her name
You can't really see her but this is Waffle. She fell asleep in my lap for like 30 minutes&lt;33 
Look at these beauties 
I feel so exposed wearing my fringe like this
shit 
My stomach hurts
Help
Everyone's like "ew. . ." When I show them that picture but yOU DIDN'T GET TO HOLD THEM AND KEEP THEM WARM YOU KNOW NOTHING
Look at this lil cutie. 
Precious little babybirds
I met them the first time when they were like newborn and I can't wait to see how much they've grown♡♡
And I hope I get to meet her little baby cockatiels too. One of them unfortunately died a while ago :^(
BUT YEAH LITTLE CHICKENS
I might post some pictures of them if I remember to take any eheheee
And I want to meet her horse Ella too, she's such a babe. I love Ella.
Going to meet with my contact-person (???) today after school anD HER HENS LAID EGGS SO NOW SHE HAS LITTLE CHICKENS
I want Ellen Page to step on me
LOOK
SO MANY THINGS
I JUST
AAH [EXPLOSION] 
HEY GUYS
I got an e-mail from the company in Japan that my dad works with and THEY HAVE SENT ME SO MUCH
I'M SO HAPPY
And because of the first bus, which didn't show up, this tiny little bus got so full with people
The bus I take to school didn't show up today :^) So I had to take another one :^)
Drawing my baby girl as an elf♡ 
That was the worst fucking ending I've ever seen
DID SHE REALLY JUST TURN INTO A REAL ZOMBIE
FUCKING CALLED IT MAN
That's what you get for fucking rotting girls
Just saying
AND HIS DICK WAS IN THERE
AND THERE'S THE FUCKING MAGGOTS POURING OUT OF HER VAGINA AGAIN
"I'm going through. . . Changes"
Well I'll be damned
Why would anyone even consider having sex/kissing her right now???? She looks like a fucking zombie??
That escalated quickly
@MrsDaiki Oh wait that's right she's gay
my bad
Is it really a good time to do drugs NOW
You need to get you priorities straight girl
"You can take care of your face when he gets here"
Excuse me
I wouldn't want this girl to cut my salad tbh
Her boss forced her to come to work
goddammit boss
THE GIRL IS DYING
Boss: THE DOCTOR? What, are you dying?
"No"
I've got some news for you kid
Oh wait she's going to see a doctor
Woo
-looks like the spawn of Satan-
Mom: I will not allow drugs in my house
Day 3
OF 3
SHIT'S ABOUT TO GO DOWN
Mom: Are you pregnant?
YES PUKING BLOOD IS THE FIRST SIGN OF SOMEONE BEING PREGNANT MOM
-puking blood-
Mom: What's wrong? Be honest?
NOTHING MOM I'M JUST SICK
This girl needs to see a doctor
She's probably not going to
She cray cray
CALLED IT
She's brushing her teeth
100% sure they're gonna fall out
She's activating the Sharingan
I knew it
"Oh shit my eye is bleeding!! oh well probably just an allergic reaction let's brush our teeth"
Lucky for us we're gay
Right vagina?
It's okay vagina I won't let anything happen to you
We buddies man
Bros before hoes
A FUCKING MAGGOT CAME OUT OF HER VAGINA AND SHE DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE IT
I'm watching "Contracted" and my vagina hurts
If someone wants to talk to me just go ahead
I might be a bit weird
But I need to learn how to talk to new people okay
I really want to start talking to people online but at the same time I get really nervous and stressed so yeah
life
Sorry for the Swedish tweets but Melodifestivalen happened
Vad har Dolly Style gjort?? 
Berätta
Folk är bittra
Ge mig lite juicy trashtalk här för fan
#melfest
@MrsDaiki #melfest ????? ? ? vad har eric gjort nu
Missade Melodifestivalen???
Missade jag något viktigt?
Vad fan hände?
Är någon död?
Help a brother out
I'm at my cousin's birthday party and her friends are so pretty
Save me
I'm a horrible person
The only reason I bought this cup was so I could do this. 
I hope no one mentions or asks about them. I wouldn't know what to tell them
So this will be the first time I "show" my scars to my relatives. I'll try not to care about them at all tonight
It's really puffy and big but you can see my arms. I don't have anything else to wear so I'll have to take this one (and i rly like it 2)
We're celebrating my cousin's 25th birthday today, and I didn't know what to wear so I borrowed a shirt from my mom
Hopefully I'll get used to it so that I can have flawless eyebrows everyday B^) swag
And I shave my brows so my pen was just "nope fuck you goodbye" whenever I tried to make my eyebrows a bit longer
I tried it out and was like "okay eh yeah" but I guess I'll get used to it??? They said that it stays on even if you don't have any hair
I bought this eyebrow dip-thingy from Anastasia today for ~245sek because my eyebrow-pen kinda smudges when I sweat
Okay so I might get a package from Japan???? 
I feel so touched and just
thank you
I feel so touched and happy 
They will actually take their time to try and find me some things
I still can't get over it
They didn't have anything but they offered to take their time to find me some merch and probably send it to me!!!
My heart just started to hurt and eyewater and just
ahh
@MrsDaiki and was like "she will see if she finds anything from these animes and send them to you" !!!!
BUT one of the employees told the man my dad e-mails that I should write down my favorite characters from my fav animes
@MrsDaiki So I like wrote down some animes that I like and today they answered and said they didn't have anything else but that one calander
So we like e-mailed the company and told them that I really liked it and asked if they had other ones with other animes
@MrsDaiki It was really beautiful but I only recognized two animes of like six??? one piece and dragon ball
A few weeks ago my dad received a calender from a japenese fishing net-company that he orders nets from
Idk man
My hair doesn't seem to want to cooperate with me
DO YOU WANT ME TO FUCKING SHAVE YOU OFF HAIR???? HUH???
So hopefully my hair won't be a bitch when I try to do them
idk man pray for me
@MrsDaiki what is english *through
So I've been looking trough Pinterest for different hairstyles that I might be able to manage :^)
For some strange reason I can't make a hair bun that doesn't look like absolute shit??? It's almost like my hair is too thick???
When cute people starts following me on Instagram I'm like "i am just a gay with animated boyfriends so why"
Someone already bought the sweater I wanted :^(
It was probably for the best
Getting to hear some juicy gossip during english class
I'm supposed to write a text about the differences between being a girl/boy and I'm like ??? ?? excuse me??? ? ? ?
We put up some shelves in my room yesterday and this is how one looks atm 
I would feel so bad if it's not there tomorrow
Like, it was really cute and pink but I didn't feel like trying it on when I saw it but now I'm like "my son"
Hopefully no one buys it
I would be so sad
I'm going back tomorrow to see if it's still there and if it fits me. It was the only one left and a large
I saw this really cute sweater at Lindex today and it was only 75sek but I didn't try it on shit
I look like a badass detective/assassin on my way to steal your girl
Knee-socks + black coat = badass killer
They are more like knee-socks actually
oh well
Wearing my "over knees" today
I feel p cute
Idk man
I'm just gonna
shut up and just ignore the feels
that will turn out just fine
I'm like "nah mate you're not in love hahah what the fuck man that's lame hahahhaha"
I might be in love??? Idk??? Maybe??? ?
It's almost like I'm not sure about my feelings anymore??? It's like I don't trust myself
I don't even now anymore
what is love
No but seriously now

My head can just go blank and I sit there for like 10 minutes re-reading my reply and just "is this good enough idk help"
I love talking to people but at the same time I can get really stressed and nervous
It's hard man
People who talk to me on tumblr are my favorite people even tho I can get really nervous and just [explodes]
Oh, how I've missed chocolate 
Hallelujah 
Praise the lord
. . .I did ask my mom first if it was okay and she was like "yeah ofc you can"
so yeah woo
Even though it's not February yet I'm going to eat some sugary shit tonight
Nothing can stop me
@MrsDaiki appreciate my legs goddammit
@MrsDaiki *these 
fuck
I bought this yesterday
great
I got them for 20sek but still??? 
I actually kinda like that picture though??? Wow
I have really nice legs
They work but that is not over my knee
you fucked up H&amp;M
goddammit
"over knees"
yeah right okay 
"I know you're gay but I can change your mind;)"
Fucking leave
Guys who think they can convert lesbians are my least favorite people :^)
INTERNET AND OUR TV IS WORKING
WOOO
So now I have this really cute notebook with cats on it and hooefully I won't forget everything
Sometimes I think about makeup that I really want and the next day when I'm going to buy them I forget what it was I wanted
And also ideas because I forget stuff really easy???
I really needed one because I keep forgetting stuff I'm thinking about buying like makeup and stuff like that
@MrsDaiki Why is it sideways!!
Look at this cute lil' notebook I bought today!! 
Good thing I have my phone
I can just watch Youtube all night
idk man
Great
I love life
So now I can't watch Masterchef
fuck
It has happened before??? And that time everything was out for like three days???
Our internet AND tv is down.
Why does this happen???
Okay I'm going to call myself demigirl because I'm like 90% sure
but I'm like "idk what if i offend someone"
I am The Queen of Ice. I will never slip and fall. The ice obeys me. Bow before your Queen.
That last tweet doesn't make any sense
but my journey to school has been really none-slippery
Jk
Everyone around me is like slipping and like "oh shit I almost fell and died" and I'm like "i am immortal"
I'm inside atm but still 
This might be the day I take my final breath
It's raining outside and there's ice everywhere
Pray for my survival
@MrsDaiki (he also said that it was the highest grade he's ever given someone here woooo!!)
My math teacher was like "don't go and tell everybody about it" OKAY BUT I GOT A B GUYS A FUCKING B
IN MATH
Even tho I didn't finish the whole test apparently I got a B in math!!
That's like the highest grade I've ever gotten
I got mad yesterday because of a math test I was doing, yeah you guys got that right?
Fuckin cramps man
jesus
@MrsDaiki Bromir said they would come wooo!!
None of my friends are here atm
why
Mission accomplished
Thank the dry shampoo gods
My hair doesn't look like shit
You can't even tell I didn't wash it yesterday
A cute bra that makes my tits look amazing
I need
I want to buy a new bra
One that will make my boobs look amazing
I can't concentrate because the tv is on
which means my english is just pure trash atm gomene
So I've started to use dry shampoo so that my hair won't look like shit
Or, this is the second day really
okay idk man
I usually wash my hair every day but I know that's bad for your hair, so I'm going to wash it every other day
I pray to the dry shampoo gods that my hair doesn't look like absolute shit tomorrow
@MrsDaiki My body doesn't look like that though, but it's hard making it look "fatter"
Just look at this beautiful body. 
I'm 100% serious when I say that I like curves/bigger girls. 
Curvy legs are my weakness. 
Curves man
"Boys like girls with a little more meat on their bones"
Yeah right okay if you say so
I know a lot of people are like "I like bigger girls blabla" but doesn't really mean it?? ?
I find it so beautiful when girls are curvy and a little bit bigger, but I hate my body. It's really weird
Okay but 
The body type my sim has right now is just
curvs man
I don't ever use that word. Instead I say "big" or "curvy", and IF I use it I feel really bad and uncomfortable
Okay I hate the word fat
I really fucking hate it
Even if someone really is fat I hate saying it
Well not if you make them "superfat" but if you make them smaller they don't really look "fat"
The thing about Sims is that you can't really make the sims look "fat"
You can only make them look curvy
I'm planning on going red again though
Oh well fuck it
I'm trying to make myself in Sims CAS but they don't have orange hair, so I had to take red
sobs
It's Mr. Steal your girl 
My cheeks gets all red and warm when I get frustrated
Aaaaaand I scratched up my hand again
great
Long story short: Math cracked me.
Locking myself up in bathrooms are starting to become a habit
Oh and yeah his owner picked him up yesterday
And he kept going like that
I could feel the love between us
@MrsDaiki and then he looked up at my friend, stood up and laid down on my lap.
One time we were watching Naruto in my room and Milou wanted to join us ofc. He laid in between us the whole time
I actually think Milou has a thing for me. He "protected" me from my old friend, who was a guy when we hung out
@MrsDaiki Mom = Queen Alpha
Lil' sis = Playmate/bff
Me = Partner/waifu/mate
Milou has like different relationships with each person in my family it's ridiculous
Apparently flats are only supposed to live for like ~9 years
Milou is turning 12 in April
This is how it is taking care of Milou in one picture. The struggle 
BROMIR IS HERE
I WANT HUGS AND CUDDLES
@MrsDaiki It's mr. steal your girl
I look really pretty today though
I'm wearing eyeliner, a really cute green shirt I haven't worn in ages and a skirt. Beware
I hope I feel better today
Otherwise my friends are allowed to unfriend me
It's okay go ahead
After like a month I can finally use eyeliner
My eyelid was back to normal when I woke up
Thank the gods
I want to have the markings from the Ring somewhere and maybe a quote
uuuh
I fucking love Lord of The Rings so much
It's ridiculous
I want to do my tattoo now
help
I'm at my cousin's graduation party and I've found out that champagne isn't my thing
I'm happy that they didn't reset the whole computer because that would've been a real pain in the arse
It wasn't just the battery that was broken, it was the whole fucking computer. Like, the brain of the computer was just blah
Something feels weird about my computer
What did they do to you my child
I just started my computer and the battery is charging, but the date is 2033.
What the fuck happened
I'm going to get my computer back today!!! My child, how I've missed you
And after another minute she wrote "What is this? Where did popstar come from? I was going to write "oops""
Made my night
A minute later she texted "The popstar pressed the wrong button! Just wanted so send you a ":)""
My mentor sent me a text message asking if I was okay and I told her that I was, and then her next text was just a "Å"
Milou is like the happiest dog I've ever met
It's almost annoying
I shit you not
He's TOO happy
I'm dog sitting my mom's friend's dog Milou, again. He's really something special (old picture ok) 
I've been sitting here for like 20 minutes
I feel a little bit better though
Now that I think about it maybe I'm the one who's drifting away
Maybe I'm not meant to have friends? I can never keep them.
I don't know why this happens and it feels like my friends are starting to drift away from me
I just locked myself in one of the bathrooms. I feel like I need to be by myself right now.
It's like my mood drops the moment I enter school. It hasn't been like this for maybe a year
@MrsDaiki I should have stayed home
I shouldn't have come to school today
I just don't want to think about it at all. It makes me nervous.
I'm still fine being called a girl because a part of me identifies as one, but another part of me is like "pff who needs genders anyway"
I don't want to offend anyone okay
Or idk. I'm still pretty unsure about this
I don't know what to do guys
I told her that I think I'm demigirl and it felt so good. I feel like I can now call myself that without feeling weird.
Me and Bromir talked about genders today and I told her that I've been thinking about it a lot
@MrsDaiki I don't want to relapse. I wish I could talk to my friends but I don't want to bother them with my problems
I can't stand jokes or other stuff like that today. I just want to relax and take it easy
I've had bad thoughts today too.
I don't know what to do tbh
And I'm a really bad friend. Like why do I even have friends I'm awful
And that my friends is the story how I stopped talking about the things I like
Or I just feel really bad and then I shut down. Like what I was talking about isn't interesting
Whenever someone interrupts me when I'm talking or trying to talk me over I get so mad that I just shut down
Jokes on you uterus
I had a pad in my bag
boom
(is it even called a pad idk man)
Is it because I talked shit about it???
And ofc me period had to come today
at school
fucking hell uterus why
I fucking hate it because you know blood comes out of my vagina + cramps
But at the same time I'm like "it's your job I know"
I have some kind of love-hate relationship to it
I shit you not
Sometimes I forget that I have a uterus but then I get period cramps and I just "not you again"
I think I'm in love with Hannah @harto 
help
@MrsDaiki not really
Alone at school all day again
Wooo
so much fun
My finger hurts and there's blood
Please pray for me
I didn't think it was serious but after like a few minutes my whole finger was covered in blood???
And I accidentally cut myself on a razor this morning when looking through my makeup bag????
I took my new coat today. I soaked it with soap yesterday so it's not static anymore woo!!
Maybe I can buy a new one??? Idk man. I don't trust my sister around my diary okay.
She evil
It has happened before but I managed to fix it??? Now it seems like it's really messed up. Great.
The lock to my diary just broke.
Fucking cheap piece of trash.
I would feel so bad if I relapsed again.
But tbh, I've had thought about it today. I scratched up my hand today because I was feeling so bad.
@MrsDaiki And don't worry, I've put it away. I haven't cut myself for like a year now I think.
(self harm) My parents and therapist think I gave them all of my razors. The sad thing is that I actually have one in my room
Today has not been a good day so far. 
I've had enough of people for today I think.
I rarely ever eat lunch at school and I never eat breakfast, but I'm still able to workout???
Just got done at the gym and I haven't eaten anything all day. I should be dead
Control your fucking dick. Jesus fucking christ
@MrsDaiki And don't say that I'm "overreacting" because I'm not. No one should ever be harassed, of any kind.
I almost want to cry because I'm so angry. Only because I have a vagina cis-men think it's okay to do this.
I don't know if this person was joking but it made me feel sick and uncomfortable.
Someone on IG # "showmore" on one of my selfies, and when I clicked on it it showed people covering their naked bodies
My life would be so much easier if I had a penis instead of a vagina.
I have no motivated at all today
Whenever my friends aren't at school I get so quiet and sad
I'm so fucking weak
I have this weird feeling in my stomach
What is happening
I'm going to be all alone at school today
Stab me
I need hugs friends
Where are you
Where the hell are my friends
I don't want to be alone at school today
I don't really like tea but we have this one tea that I actually kinda like??? It's really warm and I'm cold and sad
But now I'm warm n sad
I feel so empty tonight
What is going on???
I literally feel like crying for no real reason??? It's just a bad day I guess??
Idk man
@freehugbot_ thanks mate ;;
And I have a really weird bump on the side of my head, behind my ear???? It hurts so much
I want to hug my friend Bromir now. She's so cuddly.
I love friends who cuddle you for no reason. It's sweet
I want someone to spoon with
And I want cuddles and hugs
I'm really irritated tonight??? Like everything makes me angry and sad?? I feel like shit and I don't know why
@MrsDaiki That didn't last long
Gonna play Sims 4 CAS
Again
I need help
I don't want to offend anyone if it turns out I really am cis
Sorry
I don't mind being called a girl, but at the same time I don't really feel like a girl??? Or idk, I should stop
I'm still comfortable with the pronouns she/her.
I've just been thinking about it a lot and it has been bothering me so much
I'm going to think about it more, but it would really help having someone who is better informed than I am
I've been thinking about my identity for a while now. Like, what I am. I've been questioning if I really am cis or not
My head just like "nope hahah..ha.ahah goodbye fuck this"
Math
Wow
I'm so close to being done with math but I'm stuck at some shit that's pure bullshit.
I don't understand any of it
My friend is going to give me a pink dipdye
It's going to look so fucking amazing you guys
At least my hair looks pretty
I re-dyed it yesterday
I am now a carrot. Bow before me
It's so fucking cold outside and I didn't take my new coat because it's so fucking electric
Remember when I said I was going go let my eyebrows grow back? Well
well you can score inside me anytime you want senpai 
he's sucking my ass bakagami
fucking idiot 
sucking my ass yeah 
We have a commercial where there's kittens walking around on a world map with airplane-sweaters on
I love it so much
Asami???? Is that you???
I just??? ? Woops???
How did this happen 
They know what's up 
Oh hey, look. I have over 1000 tweets now. I am proud.
I want to thank myself for being strong
I told my dad that I wanted Sims 4 when I turn 18. Fingers crossed, and if I get it I hope I can play with my beautiful creations
I "accidentally" made them husbands. Woops, my hand must have slipped
Anyway, here's the lovebirds. Look how cute they are(!!)
I have a really cliche story for them it's unbelievable 
Yesterday Sims told me that "Lesbo" was a "bad word" when I was saving the ladies to my gallery, but "Gay" isn't a "bad word"
??? ?? idk man
He's got freckles too
He cute
Okay, he'll have those eyes even tho they're not really asian or idk
He gonna be cute anyway
Wait, hold that thought.
I found these really cute eyes but they don't look asian
Fuck
I've decided to make little gayboy asian, so I'm gonna re-do him
He gonna be cute
I'm going to make my little gayboy a really cool boyfriend who finds out he's gay when he meets little gayboy
This hair make my sim look like a sunflower
Not in a cute way tho 
The males in the Sims are so fucking "manly", it's so hard making them look more feminine
But I will try
Wish me luck
It's hard making males tho, and I wish they had more makeup for them too. All they have is really smudgy eyeliner
I think I'm going to play around in the Sims 4 CAS tonight again.
10/10 do not want
But the thought about a real guy laying on top of me and having his ochinchin inside of me is pretty disgusting and uncomfortable
It's probably because I know that they don't exist and that it's impossible for me to have sex with them
The thing is that I have no problem thinking about having sex with one of my fictional boyfriends
That's pretty hot
That last tweet might have been a lil' bit too much
But it's the truth
Wake up America
I think Zac Efron is handsome as fuck but that doesn't mean I want him to penetrate my vagina
"Are there any cute girls at your school?"
"I'm not a lesbian but yeah"
Okay we know you're straight we fucking get it
It's really fucking annoying. 
Giving people compliments doesn't have to mean that you're in love with them okay
I hate when people say that.
I can say that a guy is handsome or cute, but I'm not straight because of that now am I?
"I'm not a lesbian but that girl is really cute"
You're not a lesbian if you think another girl is attractive??? ? ?
But I think I'll try and let them grow but if they look even more uneven I'll shave them short again
This will be a heck of an adventure
Now they're at that point where they are so long that it's impossible to make them look good
@MrsDaiki But if I let them get a little bit longer they look really uneven when I fill them in
I plucked them shorter two years ago and when they're a certain length I can make them look amazing
The thing with my eyebrows is that the right half of my face is "lower" than my left side, which makes my eyebrows look really uneven
I think I might try to let my eyebrows grow out to their natural length and then see IF I'm able to make them look better
You're all beautiful little flowers and I hope you have a great day and a great life
My medicine just kicked in and now I feel great and I love life
It's like "why can't I have that thing so I can lose weight too?" 
I would do almost anything to lose weight okay
It's ridiculous
Whenever I see those commercials about weight loss on tv I start to feel like absolute shit
Photos and editing by @presidentpurpl3 
Just look at Lil Mermaid. She looks so strong and ready to fuck some shit up
Look at these strong, beautiful flowers. 
I've been sitting playing aroung with the Sims 4 CAS for over an hour now. Making pretty ladies takes time you see
If you're already going to unfollow me after like two days because I didn't follow you back you can just not follow me and we'll all be hapi
I hate people who do that?? Why are you doing that??
There's the door 
I thought it was obvious
Probably one of those who follows you for like a day, and if you don't follow them back they're like adios
Why is a hetero-relationship account following me
Excuse me but
Estoy homo
I _hate_ cooking. Especially cooking with another person. It's uncomfortable and makes me feel like absolute shit.
"You and your question marks;)"
Excuse me what
@MrsDaiki I knew he would ask something like that sooner or later.
some cis men are fucking terrifying man
Is he being sneaky 
or just curious
idk man
He just asked me if I'm looking for a boyfriend.
I'm like ????? ? ? excuse me
It's actually really uncomfortable. But still, not going to be rude unless he tries something.
Okay this is really weird, but I don't want to judge him just because he's a guy. I'm just going to try to be nice
Okay but, there's a guy that sent me a message and he's like 30. I'm trying to be nice but if he tries something I'm so done with men
I just can't 
I've been wanting a coat with a hoodie for so long now
There is a god
LOOK AT IT
HOODIE
GUYS 
It was originally from Dressman and a coat is fucking expensive there. It would probably cost 1000sek 
I feel so good
Guys. I bought a coat today, second hand.
It has a hoodie. Guys.
80sek. GUYS
GUUUYSYS
touching uchiha's finest ass 
It's hard to explain okay and I can't take a picture to show it because I suck
My legs makes me like my figure more.
They make my body look really nice.
Thank you legs ily
@MrsDaiki did i just fail at doing the english
i think so
I'm starting to like my legs okay, even tho somedays I hate them more than anything
Appreciate my legs 
I got a papercut on my finger
call 911
I accidentally swallowed a pit while eating an orange
Am I going to die?
Is this it?
I noticed it just now and I was like "what in the fuck???? am i dying???" 
It looks really bad and disgusting
I always get super dry on the front of the elbow (you know, that part yeah ((internet said so))) during winter
It looks really scary
This actually happened
I promise 
There's a couple here at school that make out all the fucking time. The sounds man "sploosh" ew
I actually find it really disgusting and uncomfortable when couples make out in public. Get a fucking room jfc
official pic of me and mr trash face
we cute 
@MrsDaiki They're really pretty tho (the color is even more prettier in real life) 
I forgot that I painted my nails yesterday and now when I woke up i was like "wtf what is this???? oh that's right"
I am trash
@MrsDaiki I kind of want to have something like this??? But I don't know
This is so hard 
Okay I really want to cut my hair but I've saved it for over two years and I don't really want to cut it but I still do
Idk man
I really kinda wanna cut my hair off but at the same time I don't.
Life's hard man
I produce too much saliva but not enough moisture for my eyes (i forgot what it's called slay me)
@MrsDaiki And also that my eyes wouldn't be as dry as they are so I could use lenses
I wish I had normal eyelids so that I could use eyeliner and fake lashes
I actually think that if Sasuke would be in a relationship with someone (except suckura because ew) he would be such a sweetheart
We would be such a cute couple. Angry teens that has a lot of heterosex
Au where sasuke is real and I'm straight as hell
It's pretty warm inside so I'll probably die today wearing this coat
pray for me
5 months later I took my coat to school. It's fucking freezing outside man
I'm so in love with the new KnB OP. Someone save me from basketball-hell
Look at them
I can't handle this
I've missed you so much Aomine ;; 
You can kick my ass anytime you want Kise 
JUST LOOK AT HIM
FUCKING KISE RYOTA MAN 
And it's really weird writing this from my old school computer. Everything's so small.
We had to leave my new computer at the store so they can send it away to SKÅNE to repair it. I feel empty.
@MrsDaiki (idk why i 'watermark' with faglord okay, i should change it)
Look at this lil' cutie
He deserves all the flowers 
People who say "it" to their/others pets: Stop. Please. I don't like you.
Look at this really cute picture I made of Mr. Trashface a while (long time) ago.
He cute 
@MrsDaiki is* shit i am trash
@MrsDaiki i revive even the right word
idk man fuck it
I should probably stop tweeting because my phone'll die just like Sasuke hahaha..ahah but then I'll revive it just like Sasuke
shit
I'm still breaking up with him I promise. . . Just not. . This year. . Maybe when I die yeah that sounds good let's aim for that
@MrsDaiki ps: i'm lying i love that son of a bitch so much it's fucking ridiculous.
Listening to Naruto OP/ED and thinking about how much I love-- I mean hate Sasuke ahahah i fucking hate that piece of trash hahah..hahahah..
My 900th tweet was about pizza
cool
@MrsDaiki it's not like "where's my pizza" it's more like "ugh i feel like shit call 911"
I love the feeling while eating pizza but I hate the feeling when you've eaten the pizza
We're ordering pizza tonight, praise the gods.
@MrsDaiki 
Their new commercial is a parody of LotR. I love them so much.

This is a legit commercial here in Sweden. Judit and Judit is the best thing ever, end of discussion.
These quotes are from commercials on TV that I happen to see okay
@MrsDaiki just look at me. ((i don't know why it won't stand up straight??? oh wait that's right i'm gay)) 
"You weren't born glamorous, you create it."
pfff have you seen me? i'm fucking glamorous as hell
Sometimes when my mom get home I just follow her around for a while like a fucking dog
And sometimes I do it because idk what I'm doing
-whispers- lies 
Okay just kidding I would probably not survive living on my own because I am mentally 12
"What you don't like about yourself, someone else likes"
bro fuck that i love everything about myself
i'm perfect
i don't need no one
@MrsDaiki fuck shit, 9h later I see the errors. couldn't*
I love Sweden 
Long story short: My ex texted me and I freaked out and I'm still kinda freaked out
I'm shaking so fucking much right now, I'll probably tell you guys later okay
Great. Just great.
I fucking panicked because I could fall asleep. I started crying and hitting myself in the head????? idk man
It took me around 2 1/2 hours to fall asleep and I woke up like an hour ago and I can't go back to sleep
This has been the worst night in months
I'm going to bed because 1. School starts tomorrow and 2. I'm fucking mad
Goodnight lil shits ily
And she thinks she's right and all that even though I'm the one who really knows what it feels like.
I almost started crying because I got so upset. She doesn't know anything. She's fucking 13 years old.
People don't take depression seriously and that make me so fucking mad. She uses the word "depressed" like it's noting.
My sister thinks she know what depression is. Was she depressed for almost 4 years? No. I'm so fucking mad right now.
I need help 
New year's resolution: 
Brake up with Sasuke
My whole life revolved around Sasuke when I was like 13-17 and yes I'm 17 now that bitch has me in his grip
@MrsDaiki I still am tho shit
I found an old book, that I made by myself, with _ONLY_ pictures of Sasuke in it. I was a fucking weeaboo when I was a kid.
Or I want a white one with lil' flowers on it
I'm thinking about this one and it's just for the wall where my bed is so hey don't panic 
I still don't know which wallpaper I should get. I'm looking for something with flowers on because flowers are really cute ok
Bought a new lamp and a cute lil' pillow for my room today!! 
@MrsDaiki I really like it okay
I may or may not have taken more nudes
Someone stop me
My room is starting to look really pretty. I can't wait to get some cute wallpaper with idk maybe flowers or some cute shit like that
It's like they want to show everyone how "great" their life is and just want people to ask them "hey what's going on??"
@MrsDaiki -or just not post it?? It pisses me the fuck off.
I mean, it's great that you're happy but if you're going to post things like that online you should really tell what's going on-
People who post things on fb like "omg i'm so happy right now i hope this goes well!!" and just want people to ask what's up
Gordon Ramsay or rhino babies
This is hard
I gained two followers today
why
what did i do
We decided I wouldn't continue going to a therapist after I turn 18
Idk how I feel about that man
I'm an adult now so I need to go where the adults go to talk about their feelings
@MrsDaiki This is probably the last time I'll go see her because I turn 18 in February so I can't go to that place anymore
I really want to talk to my therapist idk why. Going to see her on the 8th so it's okay
I was going to make a sandwich earlier today but I told myself "do you really need to eat that? no you don't just walk away kid"
I'm strong
I'm going to try to tell myself "no, you don't need to eat okay chill" whenever I feel like taking a snack
Pray for me
I'm gonna try to work out everyday when school starts
Let's do this
But that's probably what I'm going to do because I'm sick of looking like this
@MrsDaiki I need to talk to my therapist about this. Thinking about starving myself is not normal.
I've been feeling like shit because I haven't been able to go to the gym and I feel like a big fat lump
Gonna go make myself some pancakes wooo
I think I'm gonna go to bed now
goodnight homos
@MrsDaiki I just noticed that I didn't mention that it was my real hair she wanted to fix. I am trash gomene
Sorry I'm gonna close that tab and move on with my life
@MrsDaiki AIN'T NOTHIN BUT A HEARTACHE
TELL ME WHYYYY
And now I'm listening to Backstreet Boys
send help
Why do you people even follow me
I need to know???
Why
I am trash
Tell me whyyy -backstreet boys starts playing-
Some of my tweets are fucking gold though
I deserve more followers
I don't even know why I have followers
All I do is complain and talk trash and cry
I love how I have 800+ tweets but only 10 followers but I still keep on tweetin'
I put on my red wig and now my friend wants to dye it and cut it. I can dye it but not cut it ok. Stand back. 
WAR HORSE IS ON TV AT 17:00
WOOO
Okay, the description is pretty much me. But I feel more like Sam??? Idk man this is hard
I just took it again and I became Pippin. What
@MrsDaiki which is okay because Aragorn is pretty yumyum
Though whenever I take one of those "Which LotR character are you?"-tests I always turn out as Frodo or Aragorn
And I am kinda like Sam tbh not gonna lie
I love Sam. He's one of my favorite characters from LotR. I'm more than happy to be called after him
It started because of that stupid swedish parody of LotR okay.
@MrsDaiki They call me that because of Sam from LotR. It's an internal joke between us okay.
I want to start calling myself Sam (here online) because my friends calls me that.
@MrsDaiki But I'm probably not gonna do that (who knows, i want to so you guys can appreciate it and call me cute)
But yeah, I look pretty fucking hot in that picture not gonna lie
I almost want to post it but censor a lil' bit of my tatas
And I can't believe I actually showed my friends my nude/teaser last night. They were like "you look superhuman" and that made me happy
@MrsDaiki Grandma just left so now I'm home alone 'til tomorrow night, and I took my medicine so I'll try to be productive today
My grandma has been here since the day before yesterday, because my mom's not home (and she wanted someone to look after me)
it is a cute nudie tho. . .
sure i can, but it feels weird
it's gonna get awkward
@MrsDaiki i can't send it to friendos i just can't
I wanted someone to see my nude. I regret this decision.
I just want someone to appreciate my nudity and be like "wow victoria this is rly cute good job 10/10 have a gold star"
I have this one nude that is really cute and I want to show it to someone but I don't have anyone
-homosexual tears-
I want to post one but this is the interwebs so idk man it's pretty dangerous you know
man
Okay my nudes turned out pretty ok
they're cute
just a lil'
Just look at my cute lil diary. I love it, it's so prettyyyy 
Can you even call it nudes when you cover the tatas idk man
I don't know what I'm doing. My boobs are so weird that they turn out looking even more weird on camera.
I never knew taking nudes would be this fun, wow.
@MrsDaiki i fucked that tweet up yep good job me
"I don't have a boyfriend, but I bet you do!"
I got some news for you kid
You're gay
"I don't know if you don't like Naruto anymore, or if you still like Sasuke"
Nah dude, I'm past that shit hahahaha. . . . aahahaha..ha h.haa
I'm looking through old papers/drawings and I found an old letter I wrote to myself in -09. It's so fucking hilarious
Whenever I see someone saying that homosexuality is wrong I get so frustrated because I don't understand how they think
@MrsDaiki I mean, what do you gain from telling someone that what they're feeling is wrong? That they're an abomination?
I'm cis (i think), so I don't know how it feels when someone tells you your gender doesn't exist, but I know what respect is.
People who question other's gender/sexuality are the worst.
Idk what kind of game my bladder is playing but it don't like it. I JUST WENT TO THE BATHROOM CALM DOWN
Ice Age 4 is on TV and Granny is literally the best character that has ever been in Ice Age. I wish I grow up to be like her #futuredreams
@MrsDaiki So I'm just gonna shut up now. (I took my medicine idk man)
I know how it feels whenever someone says "Everything's going to be okay", it's fucking painful because they usually don't know anything
@MrsDaiki I'm so deep atm what's going on
So yeah, life gets better. It just takes time. And sure, these things may come back but it'll all be okay in the end
I gave all my razors to my therapist and she threw them away, after telling my mom and dad about it.
@MrsDaiki I didn't even want to get better during that time and now all the thoughts are (almost) gone. I'm proud, I really am
This probably sounds really cliche but it does get better. I did for me, and I never thought I could be happy again
@MrsDaiki It feels really amazing though. I used to cut several times a day, every day. And now it's almost been a year since I last did it
It's almost been one year since I last cut myself, I think. I never counted how many days I went without cutting, oops
The funny thing about me is that I hate when I eat too much but at the same time I hate leaving food on the plate. I _HATE_ it.
I don't know if that was really disgusting or pretty okay. 
The chicken was ok but the rest? Idk man
idk man send help
I have only two piercings, which is in my left ear so yeah suck my dick shitface
@MrsDaiki -"bitch shut the fuck up I only have one earring" what's wrong with that you shitty lil' ass
It's Hannah Montana the Movie on TV and a guy told Miley that she only had 1 earring and I'm like-
I'm making food that's supposed to be in the microwave for 6 min. It's making weird noises. I'm scarad. Pray for my survival
Okay but what the fuck did my friends buy me
this is weird (and scary)
send help
I got the fucking batteries. Now it's just a 20min bus ride home woo 
I am trash
You know what? I think I'll take a trip in to town and buy myself some fucking batteries
Too much information WELL I DON'T CARE I NEED BATTERIES
It's for a fucking vibrator my friends got me for Christmas AND I NEED BATTERIES
i hate life
@MrsDaiki It's really (not) important but I don't want to go in to town on my own and maybe buy the wrong batteries
I need some AAA batteries but I don't know where I can buy them
send help
Now that my brother's officially moved out his room is now officially mine(!!!) 
Now I just have to move everything I own to that room yay
@MrsDaiki So I'll probably survive, don't worry
Tho, we did start this just so me and my mom would stop eating so much crap, like ice-cream, candy and other sugary stuff.
I ate two eggs but I'm still hungry???
This "sugar-free January"-thingy is going to be harder than I thought. What the hell am I supposed to eat???
I need help
I love you Trash face. 2015 is our year, I can feel it. 
The first thing I do to start off this year is to sweat like a pig.
I feel like 2015 might be a very hot year, if you know what I mean ;^)
I'm just laying in the sofa waiting for the clock to hit 00:00. Best new year's eve ever.
This one's my favorite 
Me and my sister are really weird and we like Footloose a lot
Happy new year
-footloose starts playing- 
@MrsDaiki Who needs to go out and drink alcohol when you can take selfies on webcamtoy 
Me and my lil' sis being really cool 
Everyone's so pretty tonight and here I am sitting in my sofa without makeup and a hoodie and still being a lil' bit sick
Happy new year
(i just noticed that my english is flawless in that first tweet. pray for me)
@MrsDaiki Maybe I'll lose some weight during that time. That would be amazing.
Me and my mom is doing a "sugar-free" thing during January. Pray for my survival.
We went to the store and fixed the thing that was broken so the battery fits, but now it won't charge. What am I doing wrong???
@MrsDaiki But it's okay now, I figured it out and my Ipod is now connected with this computer's Itunes wooo
I always get scared when it comes to technology and when it doesn't work properly
@MrsDaiki My Ipod wouldn't synchronize because it was already synced with my old Itunes, and it scared the hell out of me
Oh, Apple. Why do you always have to play with my emotions like that?
My dad couldn't take me there today so hopefully we can go and fix it in a few days.
It's just a little thing that is in the way or attached wrong, so hopefully they can fix it without any problems.
@MrsDaiki Otherwise I'll cry. I have so many feelings now that I've taken my medicine so I'm about to cry right now because of a computer
Turns out something's in the way of my computer's battery so we can't get it in. I hope they can fix it if we go back with it.
I think I'm actually starting to like my face a bit
yay go me!!!
The only thing my medicine isn't really doing is giving me the motivation it's supposed to give me. At least it makes me happy so yeah
Whenever I take my medicine I just get so happy and positive. I want to do stuff, meet new people, try new things
what is happening to me
@MrsDaiki I have no idea what "all the things" are.
I took my medicine and now I feel really good and happy and I want to do all the things but I don't know what I want to do
Gonna go and make myself some noodles and watch AHS Freakshow and feel sorry for myself
I will probably complain all day and tell people to take care of me and cuddle with me. I need some love right now ok
@MrsDaiki I should probably go and eat something, maybe then I'll feel better.
I really want (need) cuddles right now. Someone take care of me. I'm sick and I'm in need of attention
Woke up feeling like I'm starting to get sick. I haven't been sick for like a year??? I think?? Hopefully I won't be sick when school starts
@MrsDaiki I should really stop writing about this here. It's not making me forget about her at all. I am weak.
Reading old comments that me and my ex wrote to each other before we became a couple. I like to suffer okay
Tits, calm the fuck down. My Ipod is okay, I think. No worries.
@MrsDaiki Synchronizing my Ipod made me really nervous, but I know that I'm just overreacting and I need to calm my tits
I had to import all of my music to Itunes, because I don't have an Apple ID and it's a real struggle. I am scared.
We're going to the cinema today to watch Hobbit, and I tried to make my sister look like an elf. Her hair looks magical.
Tweeting from my new computer.
Feels great.
I can hear my brother watching pewdiepie. I'm dying.
@MrsDaiki And I want to do my makeup and try new things. Jfc I love my medicine.
I took my medicine today and now I want to do all the things. I want to leave my town and go to 'collage' and meet new people
@MrsDaiki It's me and trash face if you can't tell
I made this a while ago. (this was when I had red hair ok)
we cool
(i am trash send help) 
@MrsDaiki He cute 
Yesterday was not the best day, so today I think I'm gonna draw the trash face aka Sasuke just to cheer me up.
@MrsDaiki So many fucking excuses. I'm done with penis-people for a while now thanks
I don't hate men but telling me that I do, just because I defended myself, will eventually probably make me hate men.
Even if you were fucking joking, it's still really uncomfortable. It's not a fucking excuse.
I am so fucking mad right now.
Straight men scares me.
Me: "Hi!"
Him: "No"/"Bye"
That could be a conversation between us, and just now I understand just how bad it made me feel.
Don't play with my fucking emotions.
I'm happy that I realized this friendship was unhealthy for me. I wasn't happy.
@MrsDaiki I've been ignored by an old friend of mine several times. Then, months later, he tries to befriend me again.
Okay but some people don't seem to realize what friendship is about.
@MrsDaiki It's just really fucking uncomfortable. It's not 'hot', it doesn't turn me on.
Guys who think that they can 'flirt' with me, even though they know I'm gay. It won't work. I won't turn straight for you ok
Sasuke is literally the biggest asshole there is. He tries to act all cool and shit but he's actually just a big nerd
I fucking hate this piece of trash but at the same time I love him with all my heart 
Someone stop him 
@MrsDaiki But I mean, can he not?
(I love him so much please help me) 
I realize just how in love I am with Sasuke when I see SasuSaku on my dash.
I get jealous. 
I am fucking trash.
@MrsDaiki And why do some people think they know everything about your boobs? You haven't seen them??? ? ? You know nothing??? ??
Yes, I know that I don't have the biggest boobs in the world, I see them everyday. You don't have to remind me.
@MrsDaiki I can't go back to sleep that's my problem okay
I'm supposed to wake up at 9, then go into town at 12. It's now 07:50.
I am trash.
I watched LotR last friday, and now it's on TV. I love these movies so much. I want to do my tattoo now -tears-
Had a dream about my fucking ex again. This shit is killing me.
@MrsDaiki they won't see this, but IF they do i just want them to know that they're really cool and pretty and talented and just wow
There's so many people on my dash that are sad tonight. Please don't be sad, ily and you're all amazing senpais.
@MrsDaiki I wish that I had someone real to talk to, that I really trust. I'm just so uncomfortable talking about this.
I'm happy that I bought that diary. Just wrote two pages about my thoughts, which I needed.
I should probably go to sleep 
yeah
@MrsDaiki shit i'm sorry friends merry christmas
Moments like these makes me think "I'm gonna fucking starve myself until I'm skinny" and it's fucking horrible
@MrsDaiki I feel fucking horrible
i don't want to gain weight
I'd rather die tbh
I ate so much today
someone stab me in the face
i hate myself
goodbye
why makoto
why
@MrsDaiki I mean 
Half-naked real guys: eh no.
Half-naked fictional guys: eh yes
And I'm gay.
what is going on 
@MrsDaiki Poor child. The darkness has him in it's grip. We need to save him.
My brother got a weird dialect while he was gone.
It's weird. Really weird.
He's been gone for far too long.
MY BROTHER IS HERE (!!!)
At least it's pretty outside. 
I went to bed around 2am, it's now 9:23am. Why the fuck am I awake right now. 
Don't make fun of other people's suffering. And don't laugh at their problems, how small they might be. It's fucking disgusting.
Just had a grammar test in Swedish, and I think it went pretty well???? ? ?
Idk man. You never know.
WHY ISN'T ANYONE LAUGHING AT MY JOKE???
Oh, that's right. 7 followers.
Shit.
((I do hope no one has made that joke before, that would be embarrassing))
Why do I only have 7 followers? My tweets are gold.
@MrsDaiki That is the worst joke I've ever made, but at the same time it's the best joke I've ever made.
What's Liam Neeson's name in japanese?
Liam Nee-san.
And I really want a LotR cape. I would look so cool, if not cooler.
I'm cool.
If I ever have a cat I'm going to name it Fangorn. It's decided.
I hate it when someone throws their religion in your face. Like, I respect what you believe in so please respect me for what I believe in.
I kinda made one of my oc's in Sims CAS. 
She cute 
It was a good dream though. . . .
@MrsDaiki The fact that it's been over a year AND that she's moved on doesn't make it any better.
I had a dream about my ex.
Someone stab me in the face or something, I can't stand this shit.
Liam Neeson's voice makes my nips hard. It's weird.
I hate being ignored. It's literally the worst feeling in the world.
I post one selfie online. Seconds later I get a message asking if I want to skype. 
No, I do not want to see your dick. Now please leave.
I bought a _really_ cute diary today, for 79 sek. I've seen it before and now I finally bought it. Maybe I'll post a pic of it tomorrow idk

Gains social skills.
Swedish grammar is a real pain in the ass, and we have a test next week. There's so much to remember, my brain can't handle it.
@MrsDaiki That's probably the problem. I think that my drawings are so boring and I never draw anything new.
I should really try to draw more, and don't care about what it is that I draw. I draw for me, not for anyone else.
I used to draw every single day before. And now I just feel like shit whenever I think about it. It makes me stressed, actually. Idk why.
@MrsDaiki Okay, it feels fucking horrible. I want to enjoy drawing. It's the only way for me to really connect with my oc's.
I hate to think about it, but my drawings are so boring nowadays. I love to draw, or at least I did. It makes me sad, okay.
I rarely drink coke anymore so maybe I deserve it??? ?? I felt guilty when buying it though. Oh well.
Just got done at the gym, and the first thing I do is to buy a coke.
I am weak.
I don't think I have an ed, but what do I know. I do have some problems when it comes to food etc, but I don't know.
@MrsDaiki It's like saying (about depression): "We won't help you until you kill yourself, or at least try to commit suicide."
I mean, why wait for it to get worse instead of maybe helping the person before they become really sick?
@MrsDaiki My previous psychologist told me that they don't really do anything until the person is seriously underweight and that's fucked up
My psychologist asked me today if I think I have an ed, and I told her about my relationship with food-
@Mr_Findus Leave, gaytrash.
Today on Dr. Phil: "My daughter has tried to kill herself several times. I'm afraid that she'll become suicidal."
???? ?? ?what?
@Mr_Findus you're so gay, leave.
Hey, guess what?
I forgot to put on mascara today.
I am trash.
Okay but, Lady Gaga is really good??? Her voice????? woow???
@MrsDaiki Mirrors can be nasty sons of bitches okay. But some mirrors are nicer than others.
@MrsDaiki If the mirror tells you otherwise then the mirror can go fuck itself.
Oh, and btw: Hello friends! I hope you have  great day and a great life, you deserve it. (you're rly pretty too don't forget that ok)
@MrsDaiki fuckin fetishes man
I have a really weird thing when it comes to legs. I appreciate nice, curvy legs more than anything. (it turns me on okAY)
At least my legs look pretty fine today
I'm disgusting, thanks body.
Fucking hormones, man
How is my body able to sweat this much even though it's cold outside????
#firstworldproblems
@UnevenEyelids You know, my eyelids can be uneven for like 3 days so nah bro, I'm fine. I'll just wait it out, like I always do :^)
@MrsDaiki it's so fucking ridiculous jfc why
The one day I wanted to wear eyeliner my eyelids decided to be uneven :-)
i saw a really pretty person on the bus this morning
like wow, how???? ??
(i accidentally touched the hand and it was weird help)
i'm sorry, but i'm just so disappointed
@MrsDaiki where's the fucking logic
you want snow, but you also want the price for gas to be lower??? if more people drive cars the climate is going to get hotter = no snow
they don't care about the environment and they don't see how bad it actually is.
some people are so fucking ignorant. they don't seem to understand just how racist they really are.
i don't know if guys get pumped while listening to sexist music, maybe it makes them feel better about themselves. i don't know.
@MrsDaiki and i'm usually the only girl there. i makes me so uncomfortable. and it doesn't make me more pumped okay
It's so fucking uncomfortable listening to music that objectify women when I'm at the gym.
i'm such a horrible friend
don't befriend me okay
@MrsDaiki "hey good job bleeding out of your vagina let's party"
why do some parents celebrate when their uterus children get their period??? ??
selfie game = weak
tweeting game = strong
it's funny how i only have 7 followers here and still keep on tweeting like i would have 700
i'm strong
and sorry i haven't been very active for a few days now
i blame my period cramps for that
my selfie game is very weak today
pray for me
got two compliments from some strangers about my hair today
i cried inside
thank you strangers ily
ellen page tho
my heart goes doki when i see her like wow
okay but glitter nail polish can go fuck itself
apparently his wife also liked anime, and i thought for myself: i want an otaku-waifu too
@MrsDaiki it was pretty weird at first, but then i was like "greetings fellow otaku" (not rly but you get it)
so, i guy came up to me today when i was waiting for the bus, and asked if the necklace i was wearing was from naruto
i'm starting to kinda like my legs what is happening
@MrsDaiki i actually told myself "do not forget to put on mascara before you leave"
i am trash
i just noticed that i didn't put on any mascara this morning
yep
today is a pretty shitty day
the funny thing about being me is that it's not
i got 97,5/111 on my english test yesterday
could've gone better, but i guess i'm happy with the results
meh
umbrella + rain + wind = death
she called knb koruku basu
i love her
trying to convince my homo to watch haikyuu! (or knb)
it looks dark
@MrsDaiki the window isn't open or anything so why the fuck is it shaking
okay i don't know what the fuck is going on with one of our plants, but it's making a weird sound and shaking
good morning world
why the fuck am i awake right now
@MrsDaiki probably that i'm cool. yeah. that must be it. my swagger brings all the pretty ladies to me. thanks swag ily
@MrsDaiki idk if it's her favorite seat or if she just sits down next to me because she thinks i'm cool???
so there's this girl that sometimes gets on the same bus as me, and almost everytime she sits down next to me???
@MrsDaiki you know, if i had normal eyelids, i would have the most perfect eyeshape but noOoOooOOoOOo
and i want to dedicate this tweet to my fucking eyelids for being more uneven than usual
thanks
i want to dedicate this tweet to my eyebrows for having a strong game today
bless
just had a test in english, and i think it went pretty well????? the hardest part was probably translating english to swedish??? idk man
@MrsDaiki idk man sayonara
@MrsDaiki my english is 10/10 very good yes
me and my lil shit is talking about dildos
true friendship
hey, if you guys feel that, idk, you're getting triggered when i write about my weight you can tell me okay
i really want to be skinny, like _really._
i don't think you understand how badly i want it man
me and three of my 'classmates' talked about porn/sex for an hour today
it was amazing man
i can still feel the thing in my eye but it doesn't hurt anymore praise the gods
nope it's still in my fucking eye
what have i done to deserve this
