Omotola defends Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray Bruce has been trending on twitter since last week ... 
Suarez and Ter Stegen push Barcelona to aggregate win vs. Bayern Munich: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to ... 
Sleep to Slim - with the Calorad weightloss supplement: Calorad<REGISTERED SIGN> is a natural product that does not stimulate,... 
Star Football Superfan  winner extols Arsenal: If you ever thought yourself a ‘crazy’ football fanatic, then w... 
NFF wades into Iheanacho visa hitch: The Nigeria Football Federation has moved swiftly to help Manchester City... 
Horrible pics: mob attack female police officer accused of shooting protesters in Burundi: A Burundian female ... 
Jenny McCarthy tattoos hubby's name on finger: Los Angeles, May 13 (IANS) Actress Jenny McCarthy has shown the... 
Young couple take new 'designer steroids' - she grows a giant booty, he grows huge muscles: Found this hilario... 
Barcelona Cruise To UCL Final Despite Bayern’s Victory: FC Barcelona have progressed to the final of the UEFA ... 
Scores killed in Yemen arms-depot explosions: At least 69 people have been killed and 250 others wounded by ex... 
Scores killed in Yemen arms-depot explosions: At least 69 people have been killed and 250 others wounded by ex... 
Wilfried Bony says Man City players want 'legend' Yaya Toure to stay: Wilfried Bony said everyone at Mancheste... 
Arsenal's Per Mertesacker confident ahead of Manchester United test: Per Mertesacker says Arsenal remain confi... 
Gareth Bale must stop complaining and find his best form on the pitch: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe responds to Gareth B... 
Barca strikers seal semifinal success: Bayern Munich restored some pride by winning the second leg but the dam... 
Barcelona's Luis Enrique talks up Treble after success over Bayern: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique said his side... 
NDPHC blames low capacity of power plants on pipeline vandalism: ABUJA—The Managing Director of Niger Delta Po... 
$330.000 fraud: Afe Babalola never received payments from Ajudua — Witness: A managing partner of the law firm... 
Removal of Lagos chairman: PDP moves against dissident group: THE Lagos State Chapter of the Peoples Democrati... 
Nigeria, Iran set to boost non-oil export trade: Nigerian Export Promotion Council, NEPC, has pledged support ... 
SAP smart academy to  retool Nigerian youths for 21st  century workforce: As part of the initiative to provide... 
Anto Neosoul – Nakupenda ft. L.A.X: East Africa meets West Africa in this collaboration by Award-winning Kenya... 
Couples who met on twitter share their story and photos: More and more people are finding love on social media... 
Diane Kruger flaunts figure in topless image: Los Angeles, May 13 (IANS) Hollywood actress Diane Kruger was se... 
US Hispanics now more fluent in English: Report: Washington, May 13 (IANS/EFE) Hispanics living in the US are ... 
Gowon Praises President Jonathan And Buhari: Nigerian Former Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon (rtd), has pr... 
FG must ask Fashola &amp; Tinubu to mentor states on how to increase Internally generated revenue- Ben Bruce: Sena... 
Barcelona land in UEFA final, lose 2-3 to Bayern: Barcelona booked their place in the Champions League final w... 
Bayern win, Barca go through: Bayern Munich fought back from 2-1 down win 3-2 on the night but the damage had ... 
Owoeri’s goal fails to  lift Atvidabergs: Nigerian striker, John Owoeri, got among the goals in the Swedish to... 
Man docked over rape of 24-yr-old woman: A 37-year-old man, Bidemi Adeleye, was yesterday charged before an Ik... 
Don’t compromise your job, Ndukwe advises Anambra tribunal: The campaign organization of the All Progressive G... 
Speakership: Group canvasses support  for Dogara: A group, the Arewa Youth and Women Coalition for Good Govern... 
Amokachi to take over FC Taraba: Daniel Amokachi looks set to take over as coach of Nigeria premier league out... 
Kenya Moore claims she didn't know the man she'd been claiming as her man is married: Today, MediaTakeOut publ... 
VIDEO: Burna boy and MI Thrill Fans @ Abakalilki for Star Music Trek: Star Trek is the biggest music concert i... 
Italian nurse tests positive for Ebola: Rome, May 13 (IANS) An Italian male nurse working with NGO Emergency t... 
6th Edition Of Niger Delta Achievers Merit Award To Hold 26th May: The award ceremony is scheduled to hold as ... 
APC plotting to upturn our victories in Rivers, others – PDP: The Peoples Democratic Party has accused the All... 
NDIC moves to recover N34m debt from Okupe: The Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation has asked a Federal Hig... 
Rivers Assembly threatens to order Amaechi’s aides arrest: The Rivers State House of Assembly on Tuesday warne... 
Chinese firm completes major power project in Nigeria: Chinese construction company Sinotec has completed a ma... 
APC plotting to upturn our victories in Rivers, others – PDP: The Peoples Democratic Party has accused the All... 
Constitution amendment: Senate begins process to override Jonathan: The Senate on Tuesday began a process that... 
Adnan Januzaj scores as Man United under-21s thrash Man City: Adnan Januzaj improved his chances of a first-te... 
Juventus' Max Allegri calls second leg at Madrid his 'most important game': Juventus manager Massimiliano Alle... 
Community demands compensation for victims of 2014 demolition: WARRI—IJALA community in Delta State has appeal... 
We’ve paid our ad hoc staff in full, says Edo REC: BENIN—THE Resident Electoral Commissioner in Edo State, Mr ... 
PDP lauds Police interception of alleged loot in Rivers Govt House: Rivers PDP in a statement by its Chairman,... 
Babalakin sues efcc for malicious prosecution: Chairman of Bi-Courtney Ltd, Dr. Wale Babalakin SAN, has sued t... 
FRSC moves against driver’s licence racketeers: In a bid to clamp down on racketeers of driving license, the F... 
Muazu sues for peace, says bickering not in the interest of the PDP: Press statement from PDP chairman, Adamu ... 
Funny notice pasted on ESUT school notice board: A LIB reader who is a student of Enugu State University of Sc... 
Harrysong – “Ma Meh”: Over the weekend music for Five Star Music singer/song-writer Harrysong leaked online. N... 
Senate Passes Anti-Tobacco Bill: The Senate has passed the bill on an Act to provide for the regulation, adver... 
Bengali writer Suchitra Bhattacharya dead: Kolkata, May 13 (IANS) Famed Bengali writer Suchitra Bhattacharya d... 
Glam up your eyes with graphic liner: New Delhi, May 13 (IANS) Your eyes are the most expressive part of the b... 
Telecom giant Verizon acquires AOL for $4.4 bn: New York, May 13 (IANS/EFE) Telecom giant Verizon Communicatio... 
Solomon Arase confirmed as substantive IGP: Acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase has been confirm... 
Niger Assembly speaker tackles predecessor, faults police: The Speaker, Niger State House of Assembly, Mr. Isa... 
Queen Latifah spotted strolling with her partner in NYC (photos): Queen Latifah, 45, was arm in arm with her p... 
AY Showcases Superb Football Skills in #TheFutureIsBright Video: Peak Milk is Celebrating 60 Years of feeding ... 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu, dies: LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu Chelsea Nwakanma, died yesterd... 
OFFICIAL VIDEO: Jahbless – 69 Missed Calls ft. Olamide, Reminisce, Lil Kesh, Chinko Ekun &amp; CDQ: JE Records unl... 
Chris Brown doesn’t want his stalker prosecuted, prays for her: Chris Brown does not want the 21 year old Tuni... 
Iyanya renews contract with MTN for another year: The singer today May 12th renewed his contract with MTN for ... 
Ben 7 – “Akorede” ft. Oritse Femi: After the epic release of WETIN I DO DEM VIDEO, Ben 7 decided to bounce on ... 
VIDEO: Jazzman Olofin – “Omo Aiyee” ft. Ras CPT: Less than two months after the release of his single “Omo Aiy... 
Dozens killed in Sudan tribal clashes: Dozens were killed and others injured when violent clashes erupted Mond... 
Dozens killed in Sudan tribal clashes: Dozens were killed and others injured when violent clashes erupted Mond... 
NGO asks Ekiti women to access CBN’s N220bn fund: An association, Quintessential Business Women Association, h... 
Suntai’s doctor, 13 others face probe for negligence, misconduct: Fourteen 14 medical doctors, including physi... 
Imported gas to revive 10 idle power plants: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The government on Tuesday announced the ... 
Don’t treat us like conquered people, PDP warns APC: NATIONAL leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP ... 
Buhari mourns Chukwuma Azikiwe:  President-elect, General Muhammadu Buhari has described the death of Ambassad... 
Co-Creation Hub, Oracle partner to empower young tech-preneurs: If there is a place you can smell genius in Ni... 
Our victory over Heartland  will motivate Rangers – Agba: Sam Agba has stated that Enugu Rangers’ win in the w... 
Flying Eagles  give Success 72 hours  grace: Granada’s Isaac Success might be omitted from Nigeria final 21-ma... 
Photos: Woman BRT driver: A woman seen driving BRT from Oshodi to CMS. Awesome stuff! More photos after the cut... 
Human Barbie  Valeria Lukyanova shows off tight abs (photos): The Ukrainian model, 29, who is also known as 'H... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Shun selfish Niger Delta leaders, ex-militants tell Buhari: A group of ex-militants, under the aegis of the Ni... 
Senate passes tobacco bill into law: The Senate on Tuesday, passed into law, the National Tobacco Control Bill... 
Seven Ekiti doctors receive kidnap threat: The Chairman of the Nigerian Medical Association, Ekiti, Dr John Ak... 
1, 200 Repatriated Borno Indigenes Arrive Maiduguri: At least 1,200 indigenes of Borno repatriated from Niger ... 
I very much appreciate the reactions of some of our members like Gov. Ayo Fayose – Muazu: - Peoples Democratic... 
Jonathan sacked Abba because of indiscipline — former IGP, Okiro: Former Inspector General of Police and chair... 
Council of State approves template for ianuguration of new govt.:  The National Council of State on Tuesday in... 
My friend’s husband is a two-faced cheat!: LAST year, my best friend spent a week with me trying to get over t... 
SuperFans: Arsenal fans drag Chelsea fans to penalties: Star SuperFans, the popular game show powered by Niger... 
Daddy duty: David Bechkam spotted hanging out with 3 year old daughter:  Beckham 40 and his 3 year old daughte... 
VIDEO: Jahbless – “69 Missed Calls” ft. Olamide, Reminisce, Lil Kesh, Chinko Ekun &amp; CDQ: JE Records unleashes ... 
VIDEO: Hotyce – “Kilofoshi”: K2O Entertainment drops the highly anticipated official video for “Kilofoshi” by ... 
No effective steps taken to bring back black money, Jethmalani tells SC: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Supreme ... 
IAF sorties to assess damage in Nepal after fresh quake: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Indian Air Force on Tues... 
Daredevils register six-wicket win against CSK (Roundup): Raipur, May 12 (IANS) An impressive bowling display ... 
Over 50 injured in Bengal tremors: Siliguri/Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) Over 50 people, including at least 20 schoo... 
US chopper goes missing in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A US Vector chopper went missing in Nepal... 
Sepp Blatter's FIFA leadership has lost credibility, says candidate Van Praag: FIFA presidential candidate Mic... 
Rodgers' substitution of Gerrard vs. Chelsea merits a genuine explanation: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol reacts to Liv... 
Champions League: Bayern Munich v Barcelona factfile: Factfile on Bayern Munich and Barcelona ahead of their C... 
Jonathan appoints new Supreme Court Justice: President Goodluck Jonathan has approved the appointment of Justi... 
APC will ask looters to refund money – El-Rufai: Kaduna State Governor-elect and former Minister of the Federa... 
APC faults Fayose’s claim on salary delay: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has asked Governor Ayo... 
Fresh earthquake kills 57 in Nepal, 10 in India (Intro Roundup): Kathmandu/New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) At least 5... 
Land bill sent to select panel; Rahul says government murdered UPA act (Roundup): New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The... 
Vijaya Bank's net profit rises 5.65 percent in 2014-15: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) Government-run Vijaya Bank on... 
Glaring errors in Jayalalithaa verdict, claims prosecutor: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) The Karnataka High Court's... 
UCO Bank net dips 27 percent in Q4: Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) State-run UCO Bank posted net profit of Rs.209 cror... 
Bullets And Fire! Timi Dakolo Pleads ‘Wish Me Well’ In New Video: Singer Timi Dakolo has released the visual i... 
Jonathan To Handover ‘Instruments Of Office’ On May 28 – Council Of State: The National Council of State on Tu... 
Bangladesh Blogger ‘Ananta Bijoy Das’ Hacked To Death: Another secular blogger has been hacked to death in Ban... 
UK’s Conservative Holds First Inaugural Meeting: For the first time in 18 years, the United Kingdom’s all Cons... 
Fuel scarcity: Blame FG for your suffering, marketers tell Nigerians: Oil marketers, Tuesday, blamed the Feder... 
Osoba: The veteran politician at bay: In my time, I have seen a great deal as observer and gone through a grea... 
Family makes formal announcement of Chukwuma Azikiwe’s death: THE Azikiwe family of Onitsha has formally annou... 
Security guard, 27, charged with stealing of customer’s N11, 000 in banking hall: A Tinubu Magistrates’ Court ... 
Bayern need Munich miracle to deny Barcelona: Pep Guardiola has promised embattled Bayern Munich will put up a... 
MediaCamp 2015: Learn photography &amp; digital filmmaking in Ghana: What if you could learn Photography &amp; Digital... 
Was Jay Z walking around with a h**d on? (photos): Jay Z left his office with Beyonce in NY yesterday looking ... 
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
APC’s Heinous Plot Against the People’s Will In Akwa-Ibom, Rivers And Delta States: Text Of Press Conference B... 
Police arrest Kogi suspected kidnappers, recover N2.5m: The Kogi State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Adeyemi Ogu... 
Autonomy: Court summons Plateau, Benue bankers over JUSUN’s suit: A Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered th... 
Police Council Confirms Arase As IGP: The Nigeria Police Council has confirmed Solomon Arase as the substantiv... 
Metuh Accuses APC Of Trying To Manipulate Election Petition Tribunals: The National Publicity Secretary of the... 
Photo: EFCC Arraigns Five over N26million Internet Fraud: Find the EFCC press statement below ...The Economic ... 
Cameron promises 'different government' in first cabinet meeting: London, May 12 (IANS) British Prime Minister... 
SC declines larger bench for pleas against NJAC: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused... 
Rajya Sabha to take up black money, companies bill on Wednesday: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha will... 
AFC Cup: Easy win for Persipura Jayapura: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) Indonesian champions Persipura Jayapura mot... 
Three crucial bills taken up in extended Lok Sabha session: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The extension of Lok Sabh... 
Tiger Woods cheated on ex-girlfriend Lindsey Vonn - the real reason they split: What did she expect? That he w... 
2 siblings docked over alleged assault on father: Two siblings on Tuesday appeared before an Apapa Magistrates... 
Toure silent on Manchester City future: Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure refused to discuss his future at... 
Fashola hinges sustainable development on adherence to laws: Gov. Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Tuesday ... 
Ohanaeze chief threatens Igbo will secede if marginalised : The Chairman of state Presidents of Ohanaeze Ndigb... 
11,449 Nigerians return from Republic of Niger: A total of 11,449 Nigerians have returned from the Republic of... 
Ekiti to ban tinted glass, cautions landlords: Ekiti State Security Council has proposed to ban the use of tin... 
Buhari to tour Aso Villa with president Jonathan on May 28th: President-elect, Gen. Buhari will tour Aso rock ... 
Photo of Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II when he was a child: The little boy in the photo is the current Emi... 
Free @MyPocketMoni A Mobile Money Product From eTranzact To Solve Nigeria’s Payment Problem: May 7th marked a ... 
Wolfsburg deny interest in Man City striker Edin Dzeko: Wolfsburg have rejected reports that Manchester City s... 
Blac Chyna steps out in sheer panelled jumpsuit as she celebrates birthday: Blac Chyna wore this revealing ens... 
John Kerry Meets Russian President On Ukraine Crisis: U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry, met Russian Preside... 
LAUTECH Teaching Hospital Resident Doctors Protest Non Payment Of Salaries: Resident Doctors of the Ladoke Aki... 
Adaeze Yobo shows off her sons in new photos: The former beauty queen welcomed her second son some weeks back.... 
OPEC raises demand forecast, says oversupply still dogging market: The OPEC oil cartel on Tuesday raised sligh... 
Tribunal orders inspection of documents used in Katsina governorship election: The Election Petition Tribunal ... 
‘Edo govt not owing workers salary arrears’: Edo State Government has denied owing workers salary arrears, ins... 
Two S.African men plead guilty to rape and murder of nun, 86: Two South African men charged with the rape and ... 
Pics: Tara &amp; Fela Durotoye loved up as they celebrate 14th wedding Anniversary: Makeup and beauty entrepreneur... 
Eight Hezbollah militants killed in Syria: Beirut, May 12 (IANS) At least eight fighters from the Lebanese Shi... 
Obama's presidential library to be built in Chicago: Washington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) The future library and muse... 
Modi leaves on Thursday on three-nation visit: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Several agreements, including in the f... 
In Amethi, Smriti dares Rahul Gandhi on food park charge: Amethi, May 12 (IANS) Taking on Congress leader Rahu... 
Woman promised $30,000 to marry Indian man in alleged visa scam: Sydney, May 12 (IANS) An Australian woman was... 
Mu’azu begs for truce, reconciliation : The embattled National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaj... 
Buhari gets handover notes on May 28: The President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, will get his handover notes from ... 
Unbelievable! Baby buried alive by parents is rescued after surviving 8 days in cemetery: A newborn baby has b... 
El-Rufai Promises To Revive Textile Factories in Kaduna: The Kaduna State Governor-elect, Nasir El-Rufai, has ... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
Schalke chief backs Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sidney Sam suspensions: Schalke chief Clemens Tonnies has backed ... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
How Madrid can kickstart Gareth Bale: Can Gareth Bale get back on track on Wednesday?

Roughly one ... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
ix35 or iLand: This is an advertorial, not written by me. Read below...I met my old           time friend in a... 
Police council confirms Arase’s appointment: The Police Council presided over by President Goodluck Jonathan o... 
Osun doctors protest  nonpayment of six months salaries: The Association of Resident Doctors at the Ladoke Aki... 
Arase confirmed as IGP: The Police council this afternoon confirmed Solomon Arase as the substantive Inspector... 
Jonathan takes Buhari on tour of Aso Villa: Jonathan takes Buhari on tour of Aso Villa
The post Jonathan takes... 
Jonathan approves Enugu Free Trade Zone: ENUGU---President Goodluck Jonathan has given the final approval for ... 
Jonathan presides over Council of State, Buhari, Obasanjo, others in attendance: President Goodluck Jonathan o... 
‘Nigerians will value Jonathan in the future’: FORMER Minister of Police Affairs, Alaowei Broderick Bozimo, ha... 
Taken up concerns over economic corridor project with China: India: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) India has taken u... 
Thailand to host meet on illegal migration: Bangkok, May 12 (IANS) The Thai government will hold a special mee... 
India's industrial output slows, but inflation eases (Roundup): New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Indications of a stro... 
Twin bombing kills four in Syria: Damascus, May 12 (IANS) At least four people were killed and 28 others wound... 
Tremors felt in Uttarakhand, no damage reported: Dehradun, May 12 (IANS) Tremors were felt in many parts of th... 
Nationwide strike looms in govt hospitals: There is imminent nationwide strike in government hospitals if the ... 
Arrest fraudsters using our name to defraud Nigerians – APC: The All Progressives Congress (APC) has challenge... 
SD – “Almost Famous” (Freestyle): Ever  doubted the rap gift of Sean Dennis a.k.a SD? This hot rap freestyle f... 
VIDEO: Foreign Record Labels Be Successful In Nigeria? – #FactsOnly With Osagie Alonge: Hip-Hop mogul Jay Z ha... 
Ugo – “Angeli” ft. Rotex (Prod by Licouscrackitt): Ugo aka Ugovinna (Project Fame Finalist 7.0) comes back wit... 
Pastor J – “My Way” ft. Shaydee: Shaydee, leading Empire Mates Entertainment (E.M.E) act has featured in a new... 
Modenine – “Rise Up To Dance”: Day 12 of #30DaysOfModenine, and Modenine unwraps  self produced “Rise Up To Da... 
Photos from the Council of State meeting today: Past Nigerian leaders including president-elect Gen. Buhari, G... 
Photos: Freda Francis covers May issue of Tribe &amp; Elan magazine: Tribe and Elan debuts "The Beauty Edition”. T... 
APC demands arrest of job scammers using party name : The All Progressives Congress has challenged security ag... 
APC demands arrest of job scammers using party name : The All Progressives Congress has challenged security ag... 
NIMC Staff Protest Planned Retrenchment Of Colleagues: Staff of the management of the National Identity Manage... 
Amethi food park promoter failed to meet conditions: Harsimrat Badal: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Countering Cong... 
Two killed as quake jolts Uttar Pradesh: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Two people were killed and half-a-dozen others... 
Two arrested in Spain for spreading IS propaganda: Madrid, May 12 (IANS) Spanish police arrested on Tuesday tw... 
Modi seeks to improve relations with Pakistan via cricket: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Despite apprehensions rais... 
Germany, Israel warn of anti-Semitism surge: Berlin, May 12 (IANS/EFE) German President Joachim Gauck and his ... 
MUSIC: Pastor J – My Way ft. Shaydee (prod. Spax): Shaydee, leading Empire Mates Entertainment (E.M.E) act has... 
MUSIC: Anto Neosoul ft. L.A.X – Nakupenda: East Africa meets West Africa in this collaboration by Award-winnin... 
MUSIC: Danagog – Pelemo Ft. Lola Rae (Prod. Shizzi): HKN Music’s budding act – Danagog is definitely not slowi... 
Senator-Elect Ben Murray-Bruce Says He won’t Tolerate Bribery &amp; Corruption: Bayelsa East Senator-Elect and Cha... 
Photos: Iyanya renews contract with MTN for another year: The singer today May 12th renewed his contract with ... 
Chris Brown doesn't want his stalker prosecuted, prays for her!: Chris Brown does not want the 21 year old Tun... 
Plateau restricts movements in farms to curb killings: The Plateau State Government has ordered the restrictio... 
EFCC re-arraigns ex-PDP chair’s son for subsidy fraud: Two oil marketers and an oil marketing firm were on Tue... 
Lawan’s endorsement won’t divide South-West senators – Boroffice: The Chairman, Senate Committee on Science an... 
iDea is launching iDeaGem mentorship program: Information Technology Developers Entrepreneurship Accelerator (... 
Danagog – “Pelemo” ft. Lola Rae: HKN Music’s budding act – Danagog is definitely not slowing things down.. Her... 
Kayode Ogundamisi comes for Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray-Bruce has been trending on Twitter for ... 
Burna Boy sends threat to bloggers: As seen on twitter 
Photos: Nasir El-Rufai visits dilapidated textile industry in Kaduna: Kaduna state governor elect, Mallam Nasi... 
This naked family before &amp; now photo will leave you in stitches: Some people don't know what to do with their ... 
Burna Boy threatens bloggers: Lol. Bloggers, y'all better be scared! Burna Boy has spoken...:-) 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
Norwegian TV show experiment with 'bird's-eye view' football: When it comes to truly pioneering football exper... 
Muazu Sues For Peace… Says Bickering Not In the Interest Of The PDP: May 12, 2015 Press Statement  Muazu Sues ... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, Gowon, others attend GEJ’s last Council of State meeting: President Jonathan is about now pr... 
Beats by Dre Tour Earpiece Giveaway by Phonace...: Phonace, Nigeria’s number 1 retailers of Phone Accessories,... 
LIB reader, who calls himself UNIPORT finest releases new photos: Y'all remember Samuel Eddies aka SamX who sa... 
39% of Nigerians feel unsafe – Survey: A survey carried out by the CLEEN Foundation has found that four in 10 ... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, attend Jonathan’s last Council of State meeting: Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and the ... 
Attacks: Plateau govt declares curfew in 7 LGAs.: Following the recent attacks, killings and other acts of vio... 
Black Miss Japan fights racial prejudice: Ariana Miyamoto entered the Miss Universe Japan beauty contest after... 
$330,000 fraud: Witness confirms court registrar’s involvement: An officer of the Economic and Financial Crime... 
Obama’s presidential library to be in south Chicago: Barack Obama announced Tuesday that he had chosen Chicago... 
Again, Buhari attends Council of State meeting: For the second time in three months, President Elect, Muhammad... 
‘Girls raped, boys abducted, towns torched’ as South Sudan battle rages: Gunmen in South Sudan have raped girl... 
Ocean acidification didn't kill marine life: Study: London, May 12 (IANS) British researchers have debunked a ... 
World Bank arm to invest $25 mn in Tata Housing projects: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The World Bank's private fi... 
Robopets to replace your loving dog soon: Melbourne, May 12 (IANS) Ever fancied having a robot as a pet? It ma... 
Nawazuddin 'honoured' to receive award at NYIFF: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who has bagg... 
Israeli parliament approves bill for unlimited government expansion: Jerusalem, May 12 (IANS) The Israeli parl... 
Don Jazzy, Mavins set to join Glo in multi-million naira deal: In a move set to rock the corporate and enterta... 
How to choose the right mobile phone for your child?: Hello, dear parents! XXI century – technologies move ahe... 
VIDEO: Nigerian Police Traffic Officer Caught On Tape Negotiating And Extorting Inside Police Station: At Comp... 
PHOTO: Lady trekking to Otuoke in honor of GEJ suffers blisters: Gloria, the young lady who is trekking from A... 
NDIC drags Doyin Okupe to court over unpaid debt: The Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation, (NDIC), Liquidat... 
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Garry Monk has become Swansea's own Jose Mourinho-lite: Swansea City boss Garry Monk praised his side's defens... 
Photos: Michael Jackson's teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her boyfriend: Little Paris Jackson is all grown ... 
Police Arrest Four Members Involved In Lekki Robbery: Four suspected members of the gang that robbed a new gen... 
Police Arrest Four Members Involved In Lekki Robbery: Four suspected members of the gang that robbed a new gen... 
Cross River Receives Monorail Trains To Link Summit Hills And Tinapa: The Cross River State government has tak... 
Should the 200 girls pregnant for Boko Haram members get an abortion?: According to UNFPDA, about 200 girls wh... 
Crude oil prices shoot higher: Global oil prices rebounded sharply Tuesday on the falling greenback, which mak... 
Thousands of migrants stranded at sea without food, water could die unless …: Thousands of migrants believed t... 
Tension in UNIZIK as SUG president queries VC on alleged corruption: TENSION is mounting at the Nnamdi Azikiwe... 
Wife of Pharmacist who allegedly committed suicide released from police custody: Busayo, the wife of the Lagos... 
Photos from new earthquake disaster in Nepal, 32 confirmed dead: 32 persons have been confirmed dead and over ... 
National Council Of State Members Meet In Abuja: The National Council of State (NCS) meeting has kicked-off in... 
Health Workers In Ido-Ekiti Protest Abduction Of Colleague: The senior staff association and other health work... 
WAITING (15): Uchenna didn’t have a devotional, but he had decided that that wouldn’t hinder him from learning... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
SERAP drags FG to ECOWAS Court over ‘immense suffering of internally displaced persons: The Registered Trustee... 
Youths scoop fuel in Ibadan tanker crash: MEN from the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps had a hectic t... 
Photo: Lady trekking to Otuoke in honor of GEJ suffers blisters: Gloria, the young lady who is trekking from  ... 
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men. 70 men to 10,000 women: Japanese $20billion porn industry is un... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu’azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: pdp Below is statement from his Chief Press S... 
PHOTO: Sean Tizzle kisses female fan during a performance in NY: Singer Sean Tizzle locked lips with a female ... 
Chadian President Idriss Deby Denies Knowing Boko Haram Leader Shekhau’s Whereabouts: A few months ago, presid... 
Dr.Reddy's Q4 net up 8 percent: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Dr Reddy's Laboratories Limited has posted a net profit ... 
Sensex provisionally closes 630 points down (Fourth Lead): Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Foreign funds' anxiety over t... 
Govindacharya slams Modi government policies: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Former BJP ideologue K.N. Govindacharya... 
Indian Railways schedules now on Google Maps: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Google on Tuesday announced the additio... 
Chelsea's Hazard wins writers' award: London, May 12 (IANS) Chelsea winger Eden Hazard has been named English ... 
Egypt justice minister quits over social class remarks: Egypt’s justice minister has resigned after raising a ... 
PFL International Education Expo - 2nd City Tour May 2015: Get first-hand information about career choices, se... 
Lionel Messi has taken Barcelona to a new level, says Cesc Fabregas: Lionel Messi has made Barcelona "even gre... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
Oyegun, O’tega forged my death certificate to disqualify me, Delta APC Reps candidate alleges: A House of Repr... 
Asthmatic people usually have high IQ  – Expert: A medical expert,   Prof. Emmanuel Bamidele, has said that as... 
Chadian President pledges to support Buhari’s government to end insurgency: President of the Republic of Chad,... 
US withdraws nomination of ambassador to Somalia: US President Barack Obama has withdrawn the nomination of th... 
Photo: Zaaki Azzay buys himself a G-Wagon: I don't know what year that is so I will zip it...lol. He shared th... 
The battle continues. Now Blac Chyna wants full custody of their son: Blac Chyna says she has a problem with T... 
Aisha Buhari Seeks Legislation Against Early Marriage: The wife of Nigeria’s President-elect, Aisha Buhari, ha... 
Third 'Sex And The City' movie in pipeline?: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Actress Sarah Jessica Parker has spark... 
How brain decides diet's impact on ageing: London, May 12 (IANS) How does our brain interpret food signals -- ... 
Get set for 'bindass Naach': New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) TV show "bindass Naach", a Disney ABCD franchise, which ... 
Near wins may actually boost our motivation: London, May 12 (IANS) Losing out by a whisker, or the "near wins"... 
Four killed as another big quake jolts Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A major earthquake on Tuesday jolted Ne... 
Two Nigerians sent to 12 years in prison in Vietnam for email fraud: A Vietnamese court has sentenced two Nige... 
Pour Femme - The Online Lingerie Boutique: Shop now www.pourfemmeintiates.comCall us:    09093500045E-mail    ... 
Who is afraid of NDIC’s amendments?: THE appearance of Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) at the pub... 
Cry not for the Igbos (2): Continued from yesterday I CAN say it authoritatively without mincing words that Ig... 
Woman, 3 kids escape death by whiskers in Owerr: A house wife and her three children narrowly escaped death at... 
VIDEO:  Timi Dakolo – Wish Me Well: Nigeria’s king of soul; Timi Dakolo has released the video for his latest ... 
Finally! A photo of Anna Banner's baby bump. Seen at a wedding in Enugu with Flavour: For those of you who sti... 
I will expose anybody that offers me, other senators ‘Ghana Must Go’ — Ben Bruce: Senator-elect and Media mogu... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
Manuel Neuer and Thiago Alcantara fitness scares for Bayern Munich: Manuel Neuer and Thiago Alcantara both mis... 
Fantasy follow-up: Week 36: The ESPN FC crew react to the Premier League team of week 36, highlighted by an at... 
Oyo state Gov's daughter, Abi Kola-Daisi writes on love &amp; learning to trust your partner: They are a beautiful... 
Dear LIB readers; I mistakenly overpaid someone &amp; they've refused to refund me: From a male LIB readerI was su... 
VIDEO: Purist Ogboi – Pray ft. Evan Ogboi: Introducing London-based Nigerian Gospel recording artist and songw... 
Another Earthquake Of Magnitude 7.3 Hits Eastern Nepal: Another earthquake has struck eastern Nepal, two weeks... 
Senator Ita Giwa's daughter and husband expecting their first child: Koko, the beautiful daughter of Senator F... 
Uruguay bank on youth in Suarez absence for Copa America: Rio de Janeiro, May 12 (IANS) Uruguay coach Oscar Ta... 
B-Town shaken up again post earthquake: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) On Tuesday, when strong tremors jolted the natio... 
Tevez named in preliminary Argentina squad for Copa America: Rio de Janeiro, May 12 (IANS) Striker Carlos Teve... 
Nine of world's 10 most obese countries are in the Pacific: Wellington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Figures from the Wor... 
Hi my name is ashok mehta, resident of village : kharela. Tehsil :...: Hi my name is ashok mehta, resident of ... 
Another earthquake hits Nepal: Details later… 
ARRA, UNHCR relocates S’Sudanese refugees: The Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs and the UN High... 
Rivers Assembly suspends 3 LG bosses, summons 9 commissioners: RIVERS State House of Assembly, yesterday, susp... 
"A Flawless Bride": A wedding is one of the most profound days in a woman’s life. It is also one of the most c... 
"A Flawless Bride": A wedding is one of the most profound days in a woman’s life. It is also one of the most c... 
Another Earthquake rocks Nepal: Two weeks after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake rocked Nepal in which over 8,000 pe... 
Re: Unlawful detention of 2 sisters. The woman they fought writes her own version, shares photo: Hopefully, so... 
BREAKING NEWS!! Another 7.3 Magnitude earthquake hits Nepal: BBC reports that A major earthquake has struck ea... 
Tragic story! Couple die in car accident just two months after their wedding: Mr and Mrs Timothy Terson got ma... 
EU, US ask Burundi to postpone elections: The European Union, the Unites States and Switzerland Monday urged B... 
Major earthquake jolts Nepal: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) An earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale jolted... 
Saudi king calls Obama after cancelling US visit: Washington, May 12 (IANS) President Barack Obama spoke by te... 
Metro services halted in Delhi after tremors: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Metro services were halted in Delhi aft... 
Demand for Gadkari resignation rocks Rajya Sabha again: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Protests against union Transp... 
Smriti Irani to hold 'Kisan Panchayats' in Amethi: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Human Resource Development (HRD) Min... 
OJB denies kidney replase, says he is healthy: Song writer, singer and producer OJB Jezreel (Babatunde Okungbo... 
Photos: 15 ambassadors visit Buhari: President-elect Muhammadu Buhari received members of the diplomatic corps... 
THE CHIKE SISTERS- OLANMA DISCOVERY (5): … It was about two weeks before Nma saw Preye again. Preye hadn’t com... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
Bundesliga's relegation race is as tight as some of the league's historic best: Bayern Munich suffered another... 
Bayern and Real Madrid can take heart from Top Tenner of UCL comebacks: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Mich... 
I'm disappointed Kim K deleted my winning pic from her Instagram account - ANTM winner: It was a dream come tr... 
Fuel Scarcity Worsens as Oil Marketers Suspend Petrol Importation: The fuel scarcity situation in most parts o... 
OJB Jezreel Denies Reports of Having a Medical Setback following Kidney Transplant: Veteran Nigerian musician ... 
Internally displaced people die of trauma due to Boko Haram attacks: The Christian Asso­ciation of Nigeria (CA... 
Register to Become a Professional Facilities Manager: Have you noticed the increase in the numbers of big shop... 
Tight shirt. Tight trouser. Na wetin? Lol. (photo): Saw this photo trending on Twitter. It's said to be that o... 
Jyotika made '36 Vayadhinile' bigger than original: Director: Chennai, May 12 (IANS) Filmmaker Rosshan Andrrew... 
Real Madrid needs to be calm, patient against Juventus: Carvajal: Madrid, May 12 (IANS) Spanish giants Real Ma... 
Cavani ready to leave PSG if not put in centre forward: Paris, May 12 (IANS) French club Paris Saint-Germain's... 
New device to improve speech and image recognition: New York, May 12 (IANS) A team of US researchers has creat... 
Bieber feels Selena Gomez 'soulmate': Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Singer Justin Bieber feels Selena Gomez is hi... 
China provides $300,000 to flood-hit Madagascar: The Chinese government provided $300,000 in cash for victims ... 
Glazers' ownership of Manchester United blasted by MUST: The Manchester United Supporters Trust (MUST) has cla... 
Pics: Bradley Cooper passionately kisses Irina Shayk as he drops her off: I like these two together. And it lo... 
Modenine – “Ovasize Mampie”: Modenine continues his #30DaysOfModenine campaign with the offering of the 11th d... 
Ms. Jaie – “Goodbye”: After the musical drought from gifted vocalist Ms. Jaie, the “Kilon Poppin” diva comes t... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: Below is statement from his Chief Press Secre... 
African Movie Channel in new deal with Startimes - AMC series launches: Following a new deal signed in April 2... 
Jonathan appoints former CBN boss, Emir Sanusi as UNIBEN pro-chancellor: The former governor of Central Bank o... 
Boko Haram: Brigadier General Ransome-Kuti, 29 others to face court martial: The Nigerian Army has ordered 30 ... 
Sean Tizzle locks lips with female fan during a performance in NY: Singer Sean Tizzle locked lips with a femal... 
Exports of coconut, products from India touch record high: Kochi, May 12 (IANS) While coconut yield in major p... 
40 million deaths a year go unrecorded: Lancet: Washington, May 12 (IANS) Two in three deaths or 40 million pe... 
Mallika Sherawat gears up for Cannes fest: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Actress Mallika Sherawat is headed to Cannes ... 
Walnut diet may slow colon cancer growth: Washington, May 12 (IANS) A diet containing walnuts may lead to gene... 
Courtroom drinking sage drives crime novel set in Mumbai, Goa: Panaji, May 12 (INS) Sameer Khan's fictionalise... 
Brain-dead woman who was kept alive for 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a... 
Brain-dead woman kept alive 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brain dead ... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
Posterity will place me on the right side of history - Pres. Jonathan: President Jonathan says he and his team... 
N6 – “Up In The Club” ft. May D (Prod. by Philkeyz): “Superstar Rapper/OAP N6 (@N6OFLIFE) delivers a Fresh Clu... 
Yung Brown – “Pretty Girl” ft. Patoranking (Prod. by Young D): Franklin Onyiriuka  stage name YUNG BROWN was B... 
Internally displaced people die of trauma due to Boko Haram attacks: The Christian Asso­ciation of Nigeria (CA... 
The Game's gift to a boy on his 7th birthday (Photos): Darkima Johnson said she was with her son Jaden last Th... 
Beyoncé rocks shredded jeans on a walk with hubby, Jay-Z (photos): Queen Bey was spotted in shredded jeans and... 
Another Bangladeshi blogger hacked to death: A masked gang wielding machetes has hacked a blogger to death in ... 
New Conservative cabinet to meet on May 27: London, May 12 (IANS) British Prime Minister David Cameron is sche... 
Uttarakhand starts pilgrimage for senior citizens: Dehradun, May 12 (IANS) After neighbouring Uttar Pradesh ro... 
Skales – “Man Of The Year” (Album Tracklist): Track List For Skales’ Debut Album, ‘Man Of The Year’, Which Is ... 
Fdkull – “Who You Help”: DPM GANG/ presents the official music  to ‘Who You Help‘ by the multi-talented singer... 
Police arraign student for stealing boyfriend’s phones:  The Police on Monday arraigned a student, Juliet Math... 
Abuja crews get ready! Remy Martin Danceoff is in your town: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dance competi... 
'Yoga helps make life a pleasant experience': Washington, May 12 (IANS) In another curtain-raiser event ahead ... 
Smart-City Challenge: Building on pillars of good governance (Comment: Special to IANS): The second budget of ... 
Nayanthara being considered for Chiranjeevi's 150th film: Chennai, May 12 (IANS) Leading southern actress Naya... 
New Zealand troops set up base in Iraq: Wellington, May 12 (IANS) The New Zealand Defence Force (NZDF) on Tues... 
Two charged in Norway over terror activities: Oslo, May 12 (IANS) Norway has charged two men over alleged terr... 
Sunny Tuesday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) It was a sunny Tuesday morning in the national capital with t... 
Sir,My land was converted into non agriculture in 2008 intended to...: Sir,My land was converted into non agri... 
Is Obama planning to 'invade' Texas?: Washington, May 12 (IANS) American politics can sometimes border on the ... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
Pakistan executes death row convict: Islamabad, May 12 (IANS) A convict who had been on death row for 16 years... 
GM foods: India shouldn't give in to anti-science dissent industry (Comment: Special to IANS): With the Europe... 
14 injured in train blast in Bengal: Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) Fourteen people were injured in a low intensity bo... 
Nigeria to organise course for squash referees: Lagos, May 12 (IANS) The Nigeria Squash Federation (NSF) is pl... 
Sensex plunges 205 points in early session: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) A benchmark index of Indian equities markets... 
Picasso painting sets world record for art auction at $179M: Women of Algiers by Pablo Picasso sold for $179.4... 
Rio Pro postponed due to low swell: Rio de Janerio, May 12 (IANS) The opening day of the Rio Pro was called of... 
Bruce?s 'Keeping Up...' special compelling: Seacrest: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Anchor-producer Ryan Seacrest... 
Check out the banging body on this 36 year old mother of 6: 36 year old, The Real Housewives of Atlanta star, ... 
Palmeiras' Jorge Valdivia banned two matches for calling refs 'thieves': SAO PAULO -- A Brazilian sports tribu... 
Downgrade of Asaba Airport: SAFETY is just a word in Nigeria . Its importance is entirely lost on us. Everyday... 
Corpse left at General hospital until it began to stink: Foul odour emanating from a decomposing corpse at the... 
US aproves Arctic drilling: Washington, May 12 (IANS) The US has granted conditional approval to energy giant ... 
US aproves Arctic drilling: Washington, May 12 (IANS) The US has granted conditional approval to energy giant ... 
Dana unveil made in Nigeria all-new Kia Sorento: Dana Motors Ltd, representative of Kia Motors in Nigeria has ... 
11 year old pregnant from rape wants child, sparking abortion debate: This is not the childAn 11-year old girl... 
‘Frozen embryo’ battle grips America: This story is about a “frozen embryo” battle in a U.S. law court. It has... 
APGA stakeholder wants President-elect to implement National Confab report: A stakeholder in All Progressives ... 
More sex doesn’t lead to increased happiness: Countless research and self-help books claim that having more se... 
How Liberia overcame Ebola: May 9, 2015, marks 42 days since the last confirmed case of Ebola in Liberia was s... 
Armitage chases Soyinka in race for Oxford’s poetry offer: All eyes are on the Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyi... 
Ibadan ready for Osundare festival: The maiden edition of the Niyi Osundare International Poetry Festival will... 
I’m difficult to be with when writing –Afenfia: Author of Don’t Die on a Wednesday, Michael Afenfia, speaks on... 
Posterity shall judge me right – Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan on Monday expressed confidence that pos... 
Hemsworth worked at pharmacy to pay bills: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) "Thor" fame actor Chris Hemsworth says h... 
Vitesse defeat Feyenoord, third place unsecure in Eredivisie: The Hague, May 12 (IANS) Vitesse defeated Feyeno... 
Kwankwaso:  Ex-ministry official petitions NHRC: A former official of the Ministry of Defence, Mr. Giwa Oyakhi... 
NMA berates Osun over non-payment of doctors’ salaries: The South-West zone of the Nigerian Medical Associatio... 
School Return: 91-yr-old threatens to occupy Fashola’s office: A 91-year-old woman, Madam Roseline Ololo has g... 
Rights group urges Buhari to appoint credible Nigerians: A Non-governmental organisation, Centre for Peace and... 
Jonathan was fair to Ndigbo, says Igbo group: FOUNDER of Igbo Youth Movement ,IYM, Mr. Elliot Uko, has dismiss... 
Four bag 24 years imprisonment for stealing petrol: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday convicted and sent... 
Obla faults Kashamu’s lawyer over abduction plot: A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Godwin Obla, has denied ... 
Unpaid salaries: Civil servants beg for money, foodstuffs: Civil servants in Oyo, Osun, Cross River, Rivers, A... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
Books on Gov Fashola for launch: Three books that captured the activities of Mr Babatunde Raji Fashola as Gove... 
Farmers take Shell to court over oil spill impact in Bayelsa: Farmers impacted by the Shell Petroleum Developm... 
Court orders banks to freeze Sule Lamido, Jigawa state, council’s accounts: A Federal High Court sitting in Du... 
'Last Man Standing' renewed for season five: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) US sitcom "Last Man Standing" is comin... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
Buildings, shops razed in Lagos fire disasters: No fewer than 130 lock-up shops and buildings were razed on Su... 
National ID card would’ve  made PVC unnecessary ─ Fashola: Governor Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Monday... 
Let’s get govt out of our football – Irabor: Chief Executive Officer of the League Management Company, Honoura... 
Why I want to be gov again — Audu: Former Governor of Kogi State, Prince Abubakar Audu, has said that he would... 
Malaria vaccine less effective than expected: HOPES of a universal, commercially licensed malaria vaccine this... 
'Establishment of Ukraine UN peace support office possible': United Nations, May 12 (IANS) UN Secretary-Genera... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
Chelsea agrees deal with Nathan, the Brazilian youngster confirms: Brazilian midfielder Nathan has a deal to j... 
Don’t give up on our league, Irabor tells media: Chief executive officer of the League Management Company, Ndu... 
NFF lines up Cameroon, Ghana for Falcons: The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) have announced they are in tal... 
Jonathan approves Enugu Free Trade Zone: President Goodluck Jonathan has given the final approval for the esta... 
INEC ad hoc staff in Edo protest over allowances: SOME ad hoc staff of the Independent National Electoral Comm... 
NULGE grounds LGs in Delta over unpaid salaries: The industrial action embarked upon by local government worke... 
Dogara’s supporters push to defy APC on zoning: A major test for the All Progressives Congress, APC, was unfol... 
ASUU demands unconditional release of kidnapped lecturer: The Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obaf... 
Azikiwe’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of pioneer President of Nigeria, Dr. ... 
Senate: North-Central leaders drum up support for Akume: A group of North-Central leaders under the aegis of L... 
Cannabis decriminalisation eases tensions in Jamaica: San Juan, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Jamaica's marijuana decrimin... 
`American Idol' to end after season 15: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Singing based reality show "American Idol" ... 
Tribunal orders service of court papers on Gombe gov: The Gombe State Election Petitions Tribunal on Monday gr... 
Nigerian, Chadian troops not  cooperating over B’Haram war –Deby: Chadian President Idriss Deby said on Monday... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
Andrea Pirlo 'sure' Manchester United regret letting Paul Pogba leave in 2012: Juventus playmaker Andrea Pirlo... 
Gov candidate denies embezzling N400m: The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Enugu St... 
EFCC to amend charges in Nnamani’s N5bn fraud case: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has pleaded f... 
Jonathan, Buhari’s committees meet again, deny rift: The leadership of the two transition committees set up to... 
Court orders police to reopen Enugu assembly: An Enugu Federal High Court on Monday ordered the police to reop... 
Rivers’ election tribunal to hear 56 petitions: Fifty-six election petitions have been filed before the Rivers... 
Salaries: Rivers’ assembly dares Amaechi, summons nine aides: THE Rivers State House of Assembly appears to be... 
APC to Jonathan: Only the guilty should be afraid: The All Progressives Congress on Monday said only those who... 
Thunderbolt hits five in Ogun school, kills vendor: Five people, including three food vendors, a teacher and a... 
We had sex twice by mutual consent ─ 14-year-old: A 14-year-old girl, Jibola (pseudonym), has said she willing... 
Bloomberg partners UNILAG, LBS for training: Bloomberg Media Initiative Africa is collaborating with six unive... 
Buhari must stop rice import, says Sani: Senator-elect, Alhaji Shehu Sani, has called on the incoming Muhammad... 
Why brands need to listen on social media: If I could pinpoint the most important thing we millennials want ou... 
NASS Offices: Northwest shouldn’t be blackmailed – Jibrin: Rep. Abdulmumin Jibrin who hails from Kano State, r... 
Fayose vows to secure release of kidnap victims: Ekiti State governor, Mr. Ayo Fayose has vowed that the state... 
Zik’s first son, Chukwuma, dies at 75: CHIEF Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of  first President of N... 
Poverty, ignorance complicate Nigeria’s devt —IRWA: The  outgoing president of the International Right Of Way ... 
Child theft, trade: When mothers, relations are culpable: IN recent times child theft and the trading in child... 
Revenue woes heighten as traders shun Nigeria’s crude: Nigeria’s dwindling revenue is set to worsen, as intern... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Moreno: Man City not an upgrade to Bayern:  
Someone steals Chidi Mokeme's Range Rover instagram post...gets caught!: Yesterday, Chidi Mokeme posted this p... 
Mother's Day surprise from President Obama to some lucky mums: US President, Barack Obama yesterday surprised ... 
Photo of Boko Haram survivor who just became a graduate: 26-year-old Abubakar Umar (pictured center) is a surv... 
George Clooney won't play prank on wife: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Actor George Clooney is too scared of the ... 
Over 50 illegal miners held in Colombia: Bogota, May 12 (IANS/EFE) At least 59 people were arrested in Colombi... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Arsene Wenger says Arsenal must be more patient after defeat: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was frustrated wit... 
Ineffective Arsenal fail to take their chances against efficient Swansea: The ESPN FC crew react to Arsenal's ... 
Educator seeks to revive African values: A culture enthusiast, journalist and educator, Jumoke Owoola, speaks ... 
Iheanacho to battle Aguero for City shirt: Nigeria starlet Kelechi Iheanacho has turned down a chance to go on... 
Piracy a threat to entertainment industry- Mc Shakara:  A Lagos based comedian, Kenneth Agberia popularly know... 
Nigeria can’t progress without leaders of integrity – Anya: The President of Ndigbo Lagos and a member of the ... 
2 jailed for 31 yrs over kidnap: An Ikeja High Court, yesterday, sentenced two persons to 31 years imprisonmen... 
Court fixes June 24 for ex-NBC manager’s trial over N68m fraud: Magistrate O. I. Adelaja of an Ebute Metta Chi... 
Very graphic! Woman gets deadly infection after getting bad booty shots: Oh my! MediaTakeOut received a photo ... 
Over 70 tornadoes kill five in US, eight missing: Washington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) More than 70 tornadoes and pow... 
'We have nothing to lose' against Barcelona: Muller: Munich, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Bayern Munich striker Thomas Mu... 
MTN empowers Nigerian organisations with free website to app conversion: Did you know that throughout the mont... 
Four suspects in the deadly Lekki Phase 1 bank robbery arrested: Four suspects involved in the deadly Lekki Ph... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Swansea stun Arsenal again: Swansea had already won home and away vs. Manchester United this season and can no... 
Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Goal-line tech decider:  
A mountain to climb for Bayern Munich?: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask of Bayern Munich turning things ... 
Lowe: There is confidence within Real Madrid: Despite Juventus' advantage in the Champions League over Real Ma... 
Photos: Tyga shares before and after photo of himself and his mum: The rapper shared the photo of himself and ... 
Okadaman suffers epileptic attack, asks passenger to alight: THERE was a mild drama, Monday, at Osia Junction ... 
Police nab 15 suspected cultists in Lagos: Fifteen suspected cultists alleged to have been terrorizing motoris... 
Diesel fire guts 109 shops in Lagos: One person has been reportedly injured in a midnight fire that gutted mor... 
760 killed, 20,590 animals lost in Zamfara – FULANI LEADER: No fewer than 760 Fulani have in the last five mon... 
Drama as impeached Niger speaker, successor meet: There was a mild drama at the official commissioning of the ... 
Re: Adamolekun and Buhari’s reform options: First, I do appreciate the intellectuals, especially those in our ... 
Syria opposition coalition turns down talks with UN: Syria’s key opposition National Coalition will not take p... 
NLC sends task forces to states over salary arrears: The Nigeria Labour Congress has dispatched members of its... 
Pics: Ambassadors of Korea, Syria, Kuwait, Kenya, 11 others visit Buhari: President elect, Gen. Buhari receive... 
50 Cent's entourage accused of assault, jewellery robbery: Las Vegas, May 12 (IANS) Rapper 50 Cent's entourage... 
Suspects in Mexico's missing students' case allege torture: Mexico City, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Some of the suspect... 
Kerry to visit China, South Korea: Washington, May 12 (IANS) US Secretary of State John Kerry will visit China... 
Swansea stun Arsenal with late winner given by goal-line technology: Goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski returned to h... 
Lionel Messi's top goal marks his maturation into a complete player: The ESPN FC panel respond to the tweets f... 
First son of Nnamdi Azikiwe, Chukwuma dies at 75: The first son of first Nigerian Head of State, Nnamdi Azikiw... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former  President Shehu Shaga... 
EFCC arraigns 5 suspects over N26m internet fraud: THE Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Monday ... 
Elechi commissions uncompleted projects in Ebonyi: GOVERNOR Martin Elechi of Ebonyi State, yesterday, commissi... 
With Galaxy S6 Duos gains market attention with  dual SIM capability: The recent introduction of Samsung Galax... 
Delta polls: Onokpasa tackles Uduaghan, says PDP eyeing ministerial slot: All Progressives Congress, APC, chie... 
‘E-commerce’ll boost economic growth in Nigeria’: The Federal Government has been advised to invest on infrast... 
Ways to boost  customer happiness: Happy customers are something that no business should ever take for granted... 
August Meeting With Uwanma One Year Anniversary Cocktail Party: August Meeting with Uwanma is a radio talk sho... 
Photos: Kanye West receives honourary Doctorate Degree: Kanye West was  decorated with an honorary doctorate d... 
Dozens killed as violent tribal clashes erupt in Sudan: Khartoum, May 12 (IANS) Dozens were killed and many in... 
Noel plotted solo career while in Oasis?: London, May 12 (IANS) Musician Noel Gallagher has been accused of pl... 
NBS to conduct Gas, petroleum survey to build database for policy formulation — Kale: The National Bureau of S... 
Dream Team VI to resume camp May 25, team official says:  Timi Ebikagboro, the Media Officer of Nigeria’s unde... 
ECOWAS Parliament discuses xenophobic, clandestine migration, election: Xenophobic attacks in south Africa, pl... 
Gunman nearly shot  Ibrahimovic for bad parking: Peter Mangs, a Swedish gunman behind a string of shootings be... 
Group offers free blood pressure checks: Team Up For Health, TUFH, a Carlisle Healthcare initiative has start ... 
Scientists investigate why the Ebola virus ‘hides’ in the testicles: EVER since a Liberian woman was diagnosed... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former President Shehu Shagar... 
Zik’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of first President of Nigeria, Dr Nnamdi ... 
AU congratulates Liberia on Ebola victory: The African Union  has congratulated Liberia on its Ebola-free vict... 
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men. 70 men to 10,000 women...lol: Japanese $20billion porn industry... 
Amosun Appeals To FG Over Abandoned Airport Project: Ogun State Governor, Ibikunle Amosun, has revealed effort... 
OJB Jezreel says he hasn't relapsed: I've asked around and found out OJB Jezreel has unfortunately relapsed an... 
Anti-IS coalition carries out 18 air raids in Iraq, Syria: Washington, May 12 (IANS/AKI) The US-led coalition ... 
Sound Sultan shares photo of himself in a Sauna: Hot papa of three! 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
Ogun monarch denies alleged plot to assassinate prince: The Olowo of Owo  in Yewa South Local Government Area ... 
Don asks Benue court to jail attorney-general for contempt: Prof. Tony Ijohor on Monday prayed the Makurdi Hig... 
Nigeria emerged from economic boom poorer – Utomi: Nigeria emerged from a major economic boom in the history o... 
Hundreds evacuated from S’African prison fire: Hundreds of prisoners were evacuated from a prison in the easte... 
Fuel scarcity and the agony of Nigerians: It started like a trivial development that would soon fizzle out wit... 
Six-goal thriller in Jalingo headlines Match Day 8: Dramatic goals, a squandered opportunity to shake-off a dr... 
Photos: Former president Shehu Shagari visits Buhari: Former president Shehu Shagari visited president-elect M... 
Intriguing battle for Senate President: By Emmanuel Aziken, Political Editor The battle for the office of Sena... 
#50NairaStory Initiatives; 4 awesome movies premieres this Sunday: It’s the #50NairaStory; get ready to witnes... 
Popular US blogger Perez Hilton is a dad again: Popular blogger, columnist and television personality, Perez H... 
Photos: protest in Abuja over the execution of Nigerians in Indonesia: Members of United Nigerians in Diaspora... 
Champions League: Bayern Munich Won’t Give Up – Guardiola: Bayern Munich are not giving up hope as they go int... 
TAN boss, Ifeanyi Ubah confirms assassination attempt: The Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Transformati... 
Does he Love both of us?: My best friend is getting married soon. What she doesn’t know is that her fiance and... 
I will not join Man City — Guardiola: Pep Guardiola on Monday dismissed out of hand rumours he will quit Bayer... 
Schalke sack Boateng, Sidney Sam: Schalke released Ghana midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng and Germany winger Si... 
Lekoil posts N6bn loss in two years: LEKOIL Limited, yesterday, announced a loss of $11.9 million, about N2.38... 
Warner, Henriques guide Sunrisers to five-run win over Kings XI (Roundup): Hyderabad, May 12 (IANS) Leading fr... 
EU seeks UN backing to deal with  migrant trafficking issue: New York, May 12 (IANS/AKI) European Union foreig... 
Saudi-led air strikes hit missile warehouse in Yemen capital: Sana'a, May 11 (IANS) War planes of the Saudi-le... 
IPL Scoreboard: Sunrisers vs Kings XI Punjab: Hyderabad, May 12 (IANS) Following is the scorecard of the India... 
Suspected trafficking ring leader surrenders to Thai police: Bangkok, May 12 (IANS) An alleged leader of a hum... 
Senate asks SEC to sanitise business environment, attract investors : The Chairman, Senate Committee on Capita... 
Jonathan convenes last Council of State meeting: President Goodluck Jonathan has convened what appears to be t... 
Irregular periods and infertility: the menstrual cycle, which is counted from the first day of one period to t... 
Tribunal orders service of papers on Gombe gov: Gombe State Election Petitions Tribunal on Monday granted an a... 
SAN disowns Kashamu over abduction plot story: A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Godwin Obla, has denied lea... 
Photos: Tonto Dikeh steps out in her new look: Tonto Dikeh unveiled her new look as she stepped out earlier to... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
ECOWAS Parliament Condenms Xenophobic Attacks: The ECOWAS Parliament has tasked the South African government t... 
Check out all the fun &amp; celebs at the Newman Street season2 launch: It was truly an awesome evening at the Mus... 
Kidney Relapse: OJB Rushed To Hospital As Kidney Ailment Worsened: Famous Nigerian singer and producer, OJB Je... 
MTN Foundation spends N11bn on CSR in 10 years: The Chairman of MTN Foundation (MTNF), Mr Hamzat Ahmadu, on Mo... 
Anything wrong with this photo?: You feel some type of way about this pic? 
Ericsson opens network operations center in Lagos: To better serve both operators and end users across the con... 
Ericsson opens network operations center in Lagos: To better serve both operators and end users across the con... 
Luis Enrique expects Messi, Neymar to ‘suffer’ at Bayern: Luis Enrique expects Barcelona to 'suffer' in the se... 
Reconsider judicial primacy in judges appointment, government asks SC: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Central go... 
Four Punjab Police officials suspended for assaulting PR official: Chandigarh, May 11 (IANS) The Punjab Police... 
Italy caps visitors to ancient site Pompeii: Rome, May 11 (IANS/AKI) Italy has limited the number of visitors ... 
I am so insecure, I can't leave home without spanx- Kim Kardashian West: Kim K who wore one of her own clothes... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Manchester City get Financial Fair Play boost, but will they splash the cash?: Manchester City have invested i... 
Charly Boy Writes Open Letter To Buhari: Read the letter below.. Oga GMB, How far? I trust you have been getti... 
Nyanya Bombing: Witnesses To Testify In Masks: A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, Nigeria’s Federal Capita... 
Cameron unveils new cabinet after election victory: British Prime Minister David Cameron unveiled his new cabi... 
Apapa Gridlock: The unending trauma: You may never fully understand the malady at the Mile 2/Apapa end of the ... 
Why Lagos PDP chairman, Shelle was sacked: The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, seems to have... 
7.3m Hyundai Sonata sold globally in 30 years: Hyundai is celebrating the 30th  anniversary for the iconic Son... 
Rivers elections tribunal to hear 56 petitions: Fifty-six election petitions have been filed before the River... 
Police recover card readers, laptops in Abia estate: Barely one week after eight staff of the Independent Nati... 
Jonathan’s, Buhari’s committees meet again, deny rift : The leadership of the two transition committees set up... 
Fayose assures hospital of kidnapped victim’s safe return: Ekiti State Governor, Dr. Ayodele Fayose, has assur... 
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange’s Appeal Rejected: Sweden’s Supreme Court said on Monday it rejected an appea... 
Mark Warns State Legislators Against Undue Attachment To Governors: Nigeria’s Senate President, David Mark, ha... 
FLAT NO 3B (4): Where two or more ladies are gathered, their egos reign supreme! Why? Why is it too difficult ... 
Delhi Metro records highest ridership on a Monday: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Delhi Metro recorded its highe... 
Turkey sends warship to escort cargo vessel attacked off Libya: Tripoli/Ankara, May 11 (IANS) Turkey has sent ... 
BMC to look after families of dead firemen: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)... 
India, China need ground rules to resolve border dispute: Chinese envoy: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Ahead of Pri... 
109 mn job seekers need to upgrade skills: Badal: Shillong, May 11 (IANS) Around 109 million new job seekers h... 
Can Bayern turn it around in second leg?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michallik believe Bayern Munich is... 
Mariner: Time for Ronaldo to step up: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner believes Juventus will progress past Real Madrid ... 
Guardiola built a different Barcelona:  
Senate holds valedictory service for Chukwumerije next week: The senate will on Wednesday next,  hold a specia... 
Rivers Assembly dares Amaechi, summons nine gov’s aides: THE Rivers State House of Assembly appears to be on a... 
Ekiti tribunal warns against smear campaign: The Senatorial and State House of Assembly Election Petitions Tri... 
Cool H x Terry G – “Go Down”: Terry G in collaboration with Nigerian/UK based afro singer Cool H presents to u... 
Tyga replies Blac Chyna's mum after she drags him &amp; his family on social media: Blac Chyna's mum Tokyo Toni is... 
Senators Will Resist Imposition Of Leaders – Sani: Senator-elect representing Kaduna Central Senatorial Distri... 
Falling oil price: “Pathway to diversification”: One of the key indicators for measuring overall development i... 
LeT operative arrested by Delhi Police: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Delhi Police Special Cell has arrested a ... 
Chiranjeevi's 150th film to be launched in August: Hyderabad, May 11 (IANS) Actor-turned-politician K. Chiranj... 
Nepal quake toll reaches 8,151: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) The toll in the April 25 devastating earthquake in Ne... 
Odisha sees 13 percent growth in fish production: Bhubaneswar, May 11 (IANS) Odisha has achieved a record grow... 
SC stays Madras HC judge's restraint order: New Delhi, May 11 (Lead) The Supreme Court on Monday restrained Ma... 
Open letter to Mr. President-elect, Buhari - By Charly Boy: Sequel to his opinion on the zoning formula and ou... 
Who's talking about Pep Guardiola?: Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich are suffering through a critical spell but... 
Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Photos: Meet the instagram-famous dog that makes $15k a month: Canine cuteness! Meet menswear dog, Shiba Inu B... 
Court orders police to reopen Enugu Assembly: An Enugu Federal High Court on Monday ordered the police to reop... 
Assembly suspends three LG bosses, summons Amaechi commissioners: The Rivers State House of Assembly on Monday... 
APGA members may storm Otuoke over unpaid election largesse: Leaders and members of the All Progressive Grand ... 
I didn’t  embezzle N400m, says Enugu APC gov candidate: The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Con... 
President Jonathan Meets With President Derby Of Chad: Nigeria’s President, Goodluck Jonathan, has held a clos... 
Agric can produce one million jobs a month – Engineers: Nigerian Society of Engineers has urged the Federal Go... 
Buhari, Derby discuss strategies to end Boko Haram: President-elect, Maj. Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, and the Presi... 
State lawmakers operate as governors’ stooges – Mark: Senate President, David Mark, on Monday, reviewed the ac... 
LIB readers claims police brutality - shares her story: Story of alleged police brutality as told by a LIB rea... 
Jonathan’s aide expels  Deutsche Welle reporter  from Villa for asking ‘embarrassing question’: For asking the... 
Hundreds of youths protest incessant killings in Plateau: A coalition of youth groups in their numbers, dresse... 
Delhi HC lawyers extend strike till May 13: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Lawyers of the Delhi High Court on Monday... 
Uttarakhand to launch 'Mukhya Mantri Adarsh Gram Yojna': Dehradun, May 11 (IANS) Uttarakhand will soon launch ... 
Cooperation in space, defence with Russia deepened: Mukherjee: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) President Pranab Mukhe... 
Maharashtra ministers inaugurate liqour bar!: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) In a major embarrassment to Maharashtra Ch... 
Lok Sabha passes black money bill: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets bill, pr... 
Spanish court to rule on La Liga strike meet after meeting with league, union: BARCELONA, Spain -- A Spanish c... 
Autism Awareness Events by the C.A.D.E.T. Academy, Abuja: The Comprehensive Autism and related Disabilities Ed... 
Photos: Lady buys a phone filled with Fufu in Lagos: A lady reportedly bought a Nokia phone which was laced wi... 
SNAPSHOT OF THE DAY : Ghanian throws epic shade on Nigeria: A community in Ghana hasn’t had steady power suppl... 
Man treks from Abeokuta to Lagos for Tinubu, others: A-28-year-old Adam Afolabi Ndabagi has vowed to embark on... 
Mother shot while pregnant shares a powerful, inspiring story on Mother’s Day: Be inspired &amp; marvel at God’s w... 
Lagos PDP sacks Chairman, appoints replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
Choi! Rihanna's father wishes Bruce Jenner a Happy Mother's Day: Rihanna's dad Ronald Fenty yesterday took aim... 
Photos: Lady buys a phone filled with Fufu in Lagos: Just saw this mess on Twitter. Are people for real? Sell ... 
Senate President: Ilorin Elders forum backs Saraki: Some eminent elders in Ilorin Emirate of Kwara have expres... 
SAN wants court to imprison Benue Attorney-General, Suswam’s Adviser: A Makurdi-based Senior Advocate of Niger... 
Chris Brown took back the car he bought for Karrueche?: A newly revealed blind item claims Chris Brown took ba... 
Photos from actress Princess Pemu's introduction: Looks like actress Princess Pemu (the one who has a similar ... 
EFCC to amend charges in Nnamani’s fraud case: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has pleaded for mo... 
Rain gives relief to Punjab, Haryana: Chandigarh, May 11 (IANS) With the mercury rising in the past one week, ... 
Bayern Munich waiting for manager Pep's answer (Preview): Munich, May 11 (IANS) A glance into a crystal ball m... 
Five dead, 18 injured in Iraq bombings: Baghdad, May 11 (IANS) At least five people were killed and 16 others ... 
Afghan government secures release of 19 hostages: President: Kabul, May 11 (IANS) President Mohammad Ashraf Gh... 
Cop hits woman who doesn't pay bribe with brick, arrested (Evening Lead): New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A Delhi tra... 
Military Deny Involvement In Plateau Killings: The Nigerian military says it has no hand in the attacks on som... 
Samir Handanovic may leave Inter for Champions League side, says Mancini: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini ad... 
Court okays service of suit challenging Yobe gov’s eligibility: A Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday ordere... 
Jonathan’s men begin clampdown on journalists: President Goodluck Jonathan’s handlers on Monday began what is ... 
PDP Mourns Chinyere Asika…Commiserates With Party’s Woman Leader: May 11, 2015 Press Statement  PDP Mourns Chi... 
Study, Work &amp; Live in Canada: Do you wish to obtain an international certificate in a reputable &amp; highly rated... 
President of Chad visits GEJ, Buhari in Abuja, says he doesn't know where Shekau: Chadian President, Idris Deb... 
Ex-defence ministry worker petitions NHRC against Kwankwaso: A former Ministry of Defence worker, Mr. Giwa Oya... 
I don’t know where Shekau is – Chadian President: The Chadian President, Idris Derby, Monday, made a volte fac... 
I don’t know where Shekau is – Chadian President: The Chadian President, Idris Derby, Monday, made a volte fac... 
Small scale business operators lament power outages, petrol scarcity: Some operators of small scale businesses... 
‘Edo govt not owing workers salary arrears’: Edo State Government has denied owing workers salary arrears, ins... 
I don’t know where Shekau is, says Chadian President: The Chadian President, Idris Derby Monday made a volte f... 
Emir of Kano tasks FG on quality of tertiary education: The Emir of Kano, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II has urged... 
Kimora Lee shares photo of her husband and all her four children: Former model, fashion mogul, reality star an... 
Late Sani Abacha pictured just a day before he died in 1998: Former military ruler, Gen. Sani Abacha pictured ... 
Photos: Man &amp; woman who met on twitter welcome a child together: This couple first connected on Twitter, then ... 
Photos: TV gal Stephanie Coker rocks green hair: TV personality Stephanie Coker tried green braids and she loo... 
Russia, China launch navy drills in Mediterranean: Moscow, May 11 (IANS) An official ceremony in Novorossiisk ... 
Bayern players are losing faith in Guardiola: Lothar Matthaus: Munich, May 11 (IANS) Former Germany footballer... 
Officer killed as Turkish ship bombed near Libyan port: Tripoli, May 11 (IANS) An officer of a Turkish cargo s... 
Activists oppose juvenile justice bill: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A network of NGOs, lawyers, activists and ind... 
Jayalalithaa's illegal assets only 8 percent of income: Judge: Bengaluru/Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Acquitting AIA... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
New York Red Bulls defeat NYCFC and Columbus, Seattle put on a show: In the inaugural Hudson River derby it wa... 
Relegation just the beginning for QPR: Queens Park Rangers' fate was finally confirmed on Sunday with a 6-0 de... 
Four oil thieves bag 24 years jail term: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday convicted and sentenced four ... 
Nigeria, three others to form AU response force: President Idriss Derby of Chad on Monday said a multinational... 
Mouka Re-Introduces ‘Mattress Swap’ Campaign: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and indust... 
The hottest part of hell should be reserved for governors who live large at public expense - Ben Bruce: Ben Mu... 
BSF seizes 16 kg ganja in Bengal: Kolkata, May 11 (IANS) The BSF has seized 16 kg of ganja in West Bengal's Mu... 
Nepal government, donors spar over relief, reconstruction fund: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) In the aftermath of t... 
Cash in on e-commerce industry, Prasad tells India Post: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Communications and IT Minist... 
Manisha Koirala to support Nepali women, girls affected by quake: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) Bollywood star and ... 
Changes made to land bill as desired by CMs: Modi: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Mo... 
Bayern vs. Barcelona, Real Madrid vs. Juventus - semifinals preview: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
Toni Kroos in training for Real Madrid-Juventus tie, Gareth Bale misses out: Real Madrid were handed a fitness... 
La Liga weekend review: Barca march, Real slip: Real Madrid's chase of passing Barcelona for the La Liga title... 
Premier League in 90 seconds: Missed any Premier League action this weekend? The Exploding Heads sum up Chelse... 
Serie A weekend review: Pogba returns for Juve: Juve draw the week after clinching the Serie A title while bot... 
2015 NWPL: Sunshine Queens beat hosts Capital City Doves 2-1: Sunshine Queens Women Football Club of Akure on ... 
Glo Premier League: Warri Wolves whip Nasarawa United 4-1, after flood-induced delay: Warri Wolves Football Cl... 
Rivers Lawmakers Suspend Councils Care Taker Committee Chairmen: The Rivers State House of Assembly has suspen... 
Kwara Governor Dissolves Cabinet: The Kwara State Governor, Abdulfatah Ahmed, has approved the immediate disso... 
Black money bill moved in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday tabled t... 
Chinese couple holds 'bicycle wedding': Beijing, May 11 (IANS) A newlywed couple in Qinhuangdao city has prove... 
Guardiola rejects City talk, will remain at Bayern: Munich, May 11 (IANS) Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola ... 
Vikas Khanna to present 16-kg cookbook to world leaders: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) Vikas Khanna's 16-kg book on cu... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted of charges, set to return as CM (Roundup): Chennai/Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) In a develo... 
National Population Commission begins 2015 education survey: National Population Commission has announced the ... 
Buhari to diversify economy from oil to agriculture, mining: The President-elect, retired Maj.-Gen. Muhammadu ... 
D.C. United hold firm atop the MLS Power Rankings, Galaxy in free fall: Dom Dwyer scored an equaliser for Spor... 
Schalke release Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sidney Sam after Cologne loss: Schalke have released midfielders Kevi... 
Fire injures seven, guts 109 shops in Lagos: No fewer than seven persons sustained varying degrees of injuries... 
Lagos PDP sacks chairman: The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party seems to have extended to its Lagos ... 
Kebbi evacuates 1600 IDPs from Sokoto: Kebbi Government on Monday evacuated no fewer than 1, 600 indigines of ... 
The Rock's personal story about himself &amp; his mum is so touching!: In honour of Mother's Day yesterday, former... 
Davido says he's collaborating with Trey Songz next: He has shot his music video with rapper Meek Mill, next i... 
Natalie Nunn denies Nigerian billionaire sugar daddy story: She shared a photo of her husband Jacob Payne and ... 
ED to take two accused of IPL betting to Gujarat: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Two men arrested by the Enforcement... 
Hollande first French president to officially visit Cuba: Havana, May 11 (IANS) Francois Hollande arrived in H... 
60 killed in fight for hospital control in Syria: Beirut, May 11 (IANS) At least 60 people have died in clashe... 
British professor revives 18th century Indian music: London, May 11 (IANS) Working with Indian musicians, a Br... 
Using Bangladesh anthem as ringtone illegal: Dhaka, May 11 (IANS) The Supreme Court of Bangladesh on Monday ru... 
Children thank the military for rescuing hostages from insurgents: For the doubting Thomases who did not belie... 
Kwara’s Gov Ahmed dissolves cabinet: The re-elected executive governor of Kwara state,Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed ... 
The Relegation Scrap: Hull in trouble as Premier League battle nears end: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Pre... 
Humble Lion take a 1-1 draw from tough trip to Arnett Gardens: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Dan Thomas preview t... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Keystone Direct Airtime! Get 100% airtime bonus on recharge cards: Discover an easier way to top up your phone... 
Group Wants Chibok Girls Rescued Before May 29: The Bring Back Our Girls campaigners have asked the Nigerian g... 
Lagos PDP sacks Chairman, appoints replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
S’Korea vows ‘merciless’ response to North’s missiles: South Korea has said North Korea’s recent test-firing o... 
Ahmed dissolves Kwara cabinet: The Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, has dissolved the State Exec... 
Epic shade! This Ghanaian just finished Nigeria on instagram: Can you imagine? Lol. What we're used to is into... 
Indonesia jails Russian for 16.5 years for drug smuggling: A Russian woman who smuggled drugs into Indonesia w... 
Jonathan is humble, detribalized statesman, say Kefasi, Turner: ``He is a nationalist, a patriot, who spent a ... 
MTN Foundation celebrates a decade of enriching lives: With its pioneering status as the first Foundation to b... 
Jonathan is humble, detribalized statesman, say Kefasi, Turner: ``He is a nationalist, a patriot, who spent a ... 
Court orders banks to freeze JGSG, Lamido and Birnin-Kudu LG accounts: Federal High court sitting in Dutse, Ji... 
Nigerian food exports get boost with SON’s lab: The accredited laboratories would boost the nation’s diversifi... 
A plant that leads to diamond deposits: New York, May 11 (IANS) A geologist has found a rare African plant tha... 
Gadkari denies wrongdoing, Rajya Sabha disrupted: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha was disrupted Monda... 
Traffic policeman who hits woman with brick held: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A Delhi Traffic Police head constab... 
Fresh avalanches paralyse search operations in Nepal's Langtang: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS/ (EFE) More avalanche... 
Why some people love whispering porn?: New York, May 11 (IANS) Have you ever tried or heard of a whisper porn?... 
Striker light Liverpool must sign a goalscorer to compete once again: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol reacts to Liverpoo... 
Photos: Actress Eniola Badmus shares lovely new photos of herself: Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus shared the... 
Fuel Scarcity Is Consequence Of Proper Process Negligence – Esele: Weeks of fuel scarcity gradually affecting ... 
Lagos PDP Sacks Chairman, Appoints Replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
Skuki and Friends Campus Concert.. #SFCC: Nigerian youths, its time for some serious turn up, as Skuki and Fri... 
Mother shot while pregnant shares a powerful, inspiring story on Mother's Day: Be inspired &amp; marvel at God's w... 
Buhari won’t persecute anyone, clear your conscience – APC: The All Progressives Congress has said the incomin... 
Over 275,000 Gmail accounts install MailTrack.io: OVER 275,000 Gmail accounts and 30 million sent emails are n... 
1000  Ogun  residents ,  deities relocated over  limestone , others: A multinational  cement company, Lafarge ... 
Lagos starts distribution of Permanent Residents’ Cards: Following  successful registration of over three mill... 
Man treks from Abeokuta to Lagos  for Tinubu, others: ABEOKUTA-A-28-year-old Adam Afolabi  Ndabagi  has vowed ... 
Kerala girl athletes from SAI recovering well: Doctor: Alappuzha (Kerala) May 11 (IANS) The condition of the t... 
Arjun Kapoor turns three in film world: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) Arjun Kapoor completed three years in the world ... 
Teenager cured of paralysis with new therapy: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A teenaged girl, suffering from partial... 
Audi launches RS 7 Sportback, priced at Rs.1.40 crore: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) German luxury automobile manufact... 
Root should be England captain: Botham: London, May 11 (IANS) Former all-rounder Ian Botham says it is time to... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
Paul Pogba eyeing Champions League final after Juventus injury return: Paul Pogba has his sights set on the Ch... 
Asisat Oshoala has been nominated for 2015 BBC Women footballer of the Year: Nigeria’s Asisat Oshoala has been... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor's brother begs for forgiveness: Emmanuel Adebayor's brother, Rotimi Adebayor, who... 
Malaysia detains hundreds of migrants arriving on boats: Malaysian police say more than 1,000 migrants from My... 
OJB's kidney reportedly collapses again: Popular Nigerian music producer and singer, Babatunde Okungbowa popul... 
Tension brews as Reps consider PIB tomorrow: THERE is palpable fears that the much orchestrated Petroleum Indu... 
PDP Crises: Muazu, others must resign, says Anenih: FOLLOWING the abysmal performance of the Peoples Democrati... 
Senate presidency/House Speakership: APC Govs  back down,  return slot to N-Central, S-west: Incoming Governor... 
One killed in Turkish ship attack off Libya: One seaman was killed and several wounded when a Cook Islands-fla... 
Beautiful photos of basketball player Chris Bosh and his family...: NBA Player, Chris  Bosh and his wife, Adri... 
Do men wish for the same thing for their daughters as they wish for their wives?: Saw this on twitter. A chart... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Belgian player Tim Nicot dies after cardiac arrest: Belgian club Beerschot Wilrijk have announced the death of... 
“I’ll pay every HIV-positive South African to wear a tatoo” – ZUMA: CONFIRMED HIV positive South Africans that... 
Kenyan newspaper publishes list of top gays and lesbians in their country: A Kenyan newspaper called The weekl... 
Power Drunk Police Officer Shoots Tricycle Driver Dead In Broad Daylight: The police in Lagos have launched a ... 
Get a Job in 10 minutes, take the 10:10 Challenge: What can you do in 10minutes? Boil an egg? Record a song? O... 
Davido Confirms Collabo With Trey Songz And Flavour: Davido’s album BADDEST is set for June 8th Release and we... 
Pics from the sit down protest in Jos this morning for non-payment of salaries: There was a sit down protest i... 
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Photos: Kim K gets naked in sexy photoshoot for her website: Mrs West shows off her body - nude &amp;  painted in ... 
Huddah Monroe shares pic from her private party in Banana Island: The former BBA star shared the photo above w... 
CAR militias agree to disarmament deal: Rival armed groups in Central African Republic agreed on Sunday to a p... 
Only the guilty needs to be afraid, APC tells Jonathan: The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said that only... 
Charles, a Christian from Nigeria beaten, abducted by armed gangs in Libya: Migrants in Libya face "cruelty" a... 
President Jonathan should not be scared of persecution - APC: Read the APC press statement below...The All Pro... 
Royco Women Who Really Cook contest: Royco Nigeria has rewarded two African women with Kitchen appliances for ... 
Kenyan newspaper publishes list of top gays and lesbians in their country: But why na, Kenya? A Kenyan newspap... 
I killed to avenge the killing of my friend- Cult member says: 20-year old Joberi Pyagbara, a Rivers state bas... 
Odisha-born producer to promote ten films at Cannes fest: Bhubaneswar, May 11 (IANS) Odisha-born producer Jite... 
NASA's heartbeat-detecting technology saves lives in Nepal: Washington, May 11 (IANS) A new heartbeat-detectin... 
OPEC daily basket price closes over a dollar lower: Vienna, May 11 (IANS/WAM) The basket of 12 crude oils of t... 
Dave Annable, Odette Yustman expecting first child: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Actor Dave Annable and his wife... 
Nadal to fight to reclaim top four ranking: Madrid, May 11 (IANS) Spanish star Rafael Nadal intends to return ... 
Movida nightclub boss Akeem Sodeinde dies: Akeem Sodeinde, popular nightclub boss, business man and Lagos soci... 
50 cent jeweler accuses the rapper’s crew of theft and assault:   50 Cent is currently being investigated by L... 
Ipswich winger offers to pay for ceiling damaged in celebration vs Norwich: Ipswich managed a 1-1 draw against... 
Real Madrid said 'goodbye' to La Liga title vs. Valencia - Dani Carvajal: Dani Carvajal believes Real Madrid h... 
Davido Confirms Collabo With Trey Songz And Flavour: Davido’s album BADDEST is set for June 8th Release and we... 
Pics: Kanye West stops smiling as soon as he spots paparazzi..lol: Kanye West was caught smiling while watchin... 
Governors should not get salary or allowance until all workers are paid — Ben Bruce: Determined to make a diff... 
Dear LIB readers; My man can't get it up &amp; has refused to seek help: From a female LIB readerI am a frustrated... 
Wolfsburg win, Cologne upset Schalke in Bundesliga: Berlin, May 11 (IANS) VFL Wolfsburg cruised past strugglin... 
No evidence of life in 100,000 galaxies: Scientists: Washington, May 11 (IANS) After searching 100,000 galaxie... 
Facebook 'testing' in-app internal search engine: New York, May 11 (IANS) Social networking site Facebook is t... 
400 suffer spinal injuries in Nepal quake: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) More than 400 people have sustained spinal... 
No progress in Bobbi Kristina Brown's health: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Reality TV personality-singer Bobbi K... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
WAP announces new ThisLife story: TV lovers across Nigeria are in for a swell time as Wale Adenuga Productions... 
Typhoon kills two in Philippines: Two people were killed after a powerful storm grazed the country’s northeast... 
TAN boss, Ifeanyi Ubah denies assassination attempt: The Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Transformation... 
Billionaire daughter Jennifer Obayuwana shows off inside her home: Polo Avenue boss Jennifer Obayuwana showed ... 
Kendall and Khloe Kardashian booed at a basket ball game (photos): Khloe and Kendall were shown on  camera to ... 
They say this is inside Dencia's new LA mansion (photos): Yesterday Dencia showed us her new LA mansion (see h... 
Jayalalithaa-led AIADMK juggernaut set to roll: Analyst: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) With former Tamil Nadu chief m... 
20 die in Jammu road accident: Jammu, May 11 (IANS) Twenty people died on Monday in the Jammu region after a b... 
Three killed in Pakistan blast: Islamabad, May 11 (IANS) At least three people were killed on Monday in a blas... 
Land acquisition bill introduced in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The government on Monday introduced th... 
Tamil Nadu chief minister may resign soon: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam i... 
Bayern Munich owe Pep Guardiola a performance against Barcelona: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique is well aware ... 
United-bound Memphis Depay admires Cristiano Ronaldo; nearly joined PSG: Memphis Depay has said he looks up to... 
Emmanuel Adebayor Reveals More Dirty Secrets On His Brother Rotimi Adebayor: Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor who ... 
“Non-indigenes in Lagos must respect their hosts” – Oba of Lagos: In an exclusive interview with Punch, the Ob... 
Ifeanyi Ubah escapes assassination: According to a report by Sun News, billionaire business man, politician an... 
Cyclists ride from Buhari’s compound in Katsina to Abuja to witness his inauguration: A group of cyclists pict... 
Friends and associates have abandoned me since I lost the election - GEJ: Before? Unfortunately, that's how so... 
Emmanuel Adebayor fights back: How my mother, siblings ‘ruined’ me: Obviously all is not well with the Adebayo... 
TIDAL X | Baltimore: Listen to Prince’s RALLY 4 PEACE live audio stream from the Royal Farms Arena, Baltimore ... 
Saudi king to skip US-Gulf summit: Washington, May 11 (IANS) Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud will not ... 
India will bring Dawood Ibrahim back: Rajnath: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday ... 
Land acquisition bill again moved in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The government on Monday introduced t... 
Drug target for Ebola-like viruses identified: Ottawa, May 11 (IANS) Researchers have identified the Achilles'... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted in disproportionate assets' case: Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) In a relief to former Tamil ... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
Boat carrying 400 migrants rescued off Indonesia: A second boat carrying hundreds of migrants from Myanmar and... 
Ogboru is welcome to APC, but… — Emerhor: NOTWITHSTANDING that the All Progressives Congress, APC lost the Apr... 
Reality star Natalie Nunn allegedly cheating on hubby with Nigerian billionaire: MediaTakeOut yesterday put ma... 
Mother And Children Who Sing: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deacon... 
Mother And Children Who Sings: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deaco... 
Nigerian visa reportedly goes for one dollar in 13 countries: According to a report by Punch, while Nigerians ... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Don’t be northern Nigeria’s president, Maitama Sule charges Buhari: Elder Statesman and former Nigeria’s Perma... 
OASIS EPISODE 23 RECAP: Love, laughter, regret and eating with the enemy. These describe this week’s episode q... 
Moroccan F-16 goes missing in Yemen: A Moroccan F-16 warplane taking part in a bombing campaign in Yemen led b... 
Photos from the fire at Owode Ajegunle: Fire incident happening right now at Owode Ajegunle, Ikorodu road. Fir... 
Too busy to take up direction now: Vijay Anthony: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Composer-turned-actor Vijay Anthony s... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted in disproportionate assets case: Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) A special bench of the Karnat... 
Scotland tops league for gay equality: London, May 11 (IANS) Scotland has been rated as the best country in Eu... 
'Selfie' course introduced in University of California: Washington, May 11 (IANS) The University of Southern C... 
Barcelona leading race for Brazilian star Garson: Rio de Janeiro, May 11 (IANS) Spanish football club FC Barce... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
Chris Brown spends $200k on a Richard Mille watch (photo): While some people are missing jewelries worth $250k... 
Celebrations outside Jayalalithaa's residence: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Celebrations broke outside AIADMK genera... 
Ex-Brazil stopper Dida on Coritiba radar: Rio de Janeiro, May 11 (IANS) Internacional could sell former Brazil... 
I have a land of 2400 sft in Bangalore.   it is almost 20 years since...: I have a land of 2400 sft in Bangalo... 
Drizzle in Delhi: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) It drizzled in the national capital on Monday, bringing down the me... 
Curiosity rover clicks serene sunset on Mars: Washington, May 11 (IANS) In what could be a perfect desktop or ... 
Egypt policeman suspected of killing protester detained: An Egyptian judge has ordered the detention of a poli... 
50 cent jeweler accuses the rapper's crew of theft and assault: 50 Cent is currently being investigated by Las... 
General Medical Checkup: Nigeria can be very stressful at times and between the traffic, petrol queues and lon... 
Condemned soldiers: Lawyer appeals  to Jonathan, COAS: The Counsel for 12 soldiers condemned to death   by a G... 
New Zealand engineers to assess Nepal quake damage: Wellington, May 11 (IANS) A team of engineers from New Zea... 
Sensex up around 250 points; auto stocks rise: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) A benchmark index of Indian equities mark... 
Modi's visit to China: How long can policy of accommodation continue? (Comment: Special to IANS): The rise of ... 
Car kills 13-yr-old girl inside mother’s shop: It was wailing and weeping, yesterday, at Ile-Olowola compound ... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
ESPN FC Extra Time: Pep's inheritance:  
UP minister's daughter's body not recovered yet: Lucknow/Rishikesh, May 11 (IANS) Body of 22-year-old Adeeba S... 
Commuters stranded as DTC drivers go on strike: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Commuters depending on buses for thei... 
Hello, I am a resident of pune but was born in Mumbai dated 28/05/...: Hello, I am a resident of pune but was ... 
Cat festival held in Belgian town: Brussels, May 11 (IANS) The 44th edition of  'Festival of the Cats' was hel... 
Cassper Nyovest – “428 To LA” ft. Casey Veggies: South Africa’s rapper Cassper Nyovest in collaboration with L... 
Awww, Kim Kardashian's mother's day present from hubby Kanye West:  
ISIS sets ‘honey traps’ to ensnare and execute homosexuals: In its crusade against homosexuals, the Islamic St... 
Commuters stranded as DTC drivers go on strike: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Commuters depending on buses for thei... 
Arsenal can win Premier League without adding to defence - Wenger: Arsene Wenger believes he has solved Arsena... 
Chivas face neighbors Atlas, America draw Pachuca in 2015 Clausura: Reigning Liga MX champion Club America wil... 
Payne wraps Horan's car in toilet paper: London, May 11 (IANS) One Direction singer Liam Payne teamed up with ... 
US 'certainly vulnerable' to IS: Senator: Washington, May 11 (IANS) The US is "certainly vulnerable" in its fi... 
Team of the Weekend: Week 36: The ESPN FC crew react to the Premier League team of week 36, highlighted by an ... 
Aba: Motorists accuse FRSC of extortion: Motorists plying  Enugu- Port Harcourt Expressway have accused person... 
Nigeria, Indonesia, Mexico to displace UK, France out of top 10 largest economies: Will the shift in global ec... 
English Premier League standings: London, May 11 (IANS) Following are the English Premier League standings aft... 
Simon Cowell knows little about music: Waterman: London, May 11 (IANS) Record producer Pete Waterman, who was ... 
Talking Points: Gerrard sendoff, UCL fallout, drop zone, A-League: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and Liverpool... 
Powell sets fastest 100m time: Former world record-holder Asafa Powell clocked a world leading 9.84 seconds to... 
S’West rugby: Cowrie  extend lead: Cowrie Rugby Football Club on Saturday extended their lead at the summit of... 
Yussuf Alli worries over fumbling male athletes: Commonwealth gold medallist, Yussuf Alli, has lamented the po... 
Justice urges Keshi to focus on young players: Former Eagles midfielder, Justice Christopher, has urged Super ... 
T.B. Joshua’s hide-and-seek game with Lagos coroner: As the coroner’s inquest into the deaths in Synagogue’s b... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
Emel, Stanley collaborate on home security system: Emel Group of Companies has said it is working with Stanley... 
TUC, developer to build 100,000 housing units: The Trade Union Congress, in partnership with a private develop... 
Actis to complete Heritage Place in December: Heritage Place, the $100m (N20bn) 14-floor modern office buildin... 
FG should commercialise, not privatise FHA – SSACTAC: The Federal Housing Authority should be commercialised a... 
NCF advises incoming govt on Great Green Wall project: The incoming government needs to urgently look into the... 
Architecture bodies rise against foreign incursion: The Architects Registration Council of Nigeria and the Nig... 
Unplanned retirement, recipe for disaster – Ideva: The Managing Director Premium Pension Limited, Mr. Wilson I... 
Continental Re made N1.1bn profit in Q1: Continental Reinsu-rance Plc’s profit before tax rose by 46 per cent ... 
LASPEC prepares civil servants for retirement: The Lagos State Pension Commission has said over 1,000 of its e... 
Mansard counts gains as AXA  takes majority stake: The Chairman, Mansard Insurance Plc, Mr. Victor Osibodu, sa... 
Mile 2- Apapa Gridlock: Jonathan’s mess, Buhari’s burden: Tankers, as they are called, waiting to load Premium... 
Why there have been no food riots in Nigeria  — Adesina, Agric Minister: Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, Nigeria’s celeb... 
AUN set to enter Guinness World Record: American University of Nigeria’s Office of Sustainability is set to pl... 
PwC’s audit report or cover up?: The report written by Nduka Chiejina revealed the following. “The forensic au... 
New Zealand engineers to assess quake damage in Nepal: Wellington, May 11 (IANS) An engineering team from New ... 
Adoke’s friend leaked plot to abduct me – Kashamu: Ogun-East senator-elect, Buruji Kashamu, has said that he g... 
‘There’s need to restructure electoral system’: THE Anglican Bishop of Minna Diocese, The Rt. Rev. Daniel Yisa... 
Insubordination: Military-trained policemen may face disciplinary action: Ten policemen who were being detaine... 
B’Haram:  63 children, six pregnant women rescued: Of the 275 persons that were rescued and handed over to the... 
Nigeria’s economy won’t collapse – Okonjo-Iweala: Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on Sunday nigh... 
Nigerians have not discovered the Senegalese market  –Ambassador Jackden: So, it is for Nigerians to be very a... 
APC and Buhari, no excuse for failure, change must be change: Last week, President-elect, Major-General Muhamm... 
‘My wives know I’m a criminal’: A 27-year-old suspected kidnapper, Rasheed Adetunji, who was paraded alongside... 
FAAN’s Director of Finance appointment not terminated — FG: The Federal Government, through the Federal Airpor... 
The oppressive folly of fuel subsidy: The data released on fuel subsidy outlays from responsible Agencies of g... 
Ozzy Osbourne donates $10,000 to kids' music group: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) A group of young percussionists... 
Desist from criminalising commercial, civil cases, IGP warns policemen: LAGOS — Acting Inspector General of Po... 
Senate Presidency: Akume in shuttle diplomacy, meets OBJ, Tinubu, Atiku, Kwankwaso: As the leadership of the A... 
NASS leadership contest: N-East Govs-elect set to collide with incoming legislators: ABUJA — Some incoming gov... 
Constitution amendment: S-Court  can’t stop N-Assembly — Senate: ABUJA— The Senate, yesterday, vowed to procee... 
Foreign exchange dealers push for policy change: LAGOS — Another major shift in foreign exchange market policy... 
I killed to avenge friend’s death –Cultist: A 20-year old man, Joberi Pyagbara, now in police custody for his ... 
Find my husband’s killers, gold-winning  weightlifter tells govt: Mrs. Okwuchi Nwokennaya, the widow of the la... 
My kidnappers boasted they had police informants –Victim: A physiotherapist, Mrs. Uju Onotai, who was kidnappe... 
We are dying of hunger, FG retirees lament: Some retirees of the Federal Government under the Pay-as-you-go Pe... 
REPLA targets customer service excellence: Royal Exchange Prudential Life Assurance has said it will focus on ... 
Nigeria’s debt hits N12tn: The debt owed by both the Federal Government and the 36 states of the federation as... 
Poor distribution worsens fuel scarcity: Poor distribution network and the unwillingness of the Nigerian Natio... 
Transcorp to begin oil exploration: Transnational Corporation of Nigeria Plc has unfolded plans to begin the e... 
Sterling Bank to raise N30bn in fresh capital: Sterling Bank Plc says it is planning to raise between $100m (N... 
IOSCO moves to tackle investment fraud: The International Organisation of Securities Commissions says it has r... 
Aww, check out what Kanye West did for wife, Kim K...so romantic!: Awww, how sweet of Kanye! 
Woman, 70, kidnaps 3-yr-old-girl in Kwara; uses her for begging: It was drama in Ilorin, yesterday, as Kwara S... 
PDP – Implosion To Explosion: THE character of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as a party its key officials... 
I‘ve got my W/Cup squad –Manu: Flying Eagles coach Manu Garba has disclosed that he has a clear idea of the 21... 
Ebola: How Liberia ended  7 months of nightmare: The campaign to eliminate the Ebola virus marked a significan... 
Diamond Bank to leverage technology for growth, profitability: Diamond Bank Plc has disclosed its readiness to... 
Modenine – “Do U Want More”: Day 10 of #30DaysOfModenine, and Mode unleashes Kraftmatiks produced “Do U Want M... 
Aww, check out what Kanye did for Kim K (:  
Nigeria soldiers on deathrow allegedly being starved of food &amp; water: According to a report by Sahara Reporter... 
More clever ways to make money online: Become an Internet life coach Because of the strong interest in quality... 
Firefighter collapses inside well while rescuing plumber: An official of the Lagos Sate Fire Service on Saturd... 
Gunmen abduct OAU lecturer, kill driver, demand N70m: Some gunmen on Friday abducted a lecturer at the Obafemi... 
CitiBank promises more support for aviation sector: Citibank Nigeria Limited says it will increase its support... 
Brain tumours in children: Children in Nigeria with brain tumours have a rough deal in terms of gaining access... 
Putin, Merkel call for dialogue to solve Ukraine crisis: Moscow, May 11 (IANS) Russian President Vladimir Puti... 
Being in love terrible for waistline: Sarah Harding: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Singer-actress Sarah Harding's... 
Why cruising is   growing faster in  leisure market — Soluade: It is an easy and convenient way to travel. You... 
Star Football Super Fans: Arsenal fans stun Chelsea fans: Star SuperFans, the popular game show, witnessed an ... 
Nigerians seek transparent disbursement of oil revenue: “We know that nations that are rich in oil and gas tha... 
High interest rate‘ll pressurize operating costs in the economy –LCCI: “The implication is that interest rate ... 
My Life and Work in the Search for a New, Better and United Nigeria:  “social and ethical transformation impli... 
Lesley Arimah is Africa regional winner of 2015 Commonwealth Short Story Prize: Nigeria’s Lesley Nneka Arimah ... 
Artistic expresssion of contemporary atmosphere of two cities: The just concluded photography exhibition by tw... 
Nike Oshinowo radiates season after season: The delectable quintessential queen of screen and former ‘Most bea... 
Delta Beyond Oil: Uduaghan’s parting gift to Deltans: As part of efforts at leaving a sustainable and enduring... 
‘Jonathan never discriminated on the basis of religion, tribe or region’: The Head of Service of the Federatio... 
Eminent men &amp; women were in tears at GEJ's thanksgiving service today - Doyin Okupe: Doyin  Okupe says the far... 
Photos of actress Nadia Buari during her pregnancy: We didn't even know the actress was pregnant until news of... 
Photo: Beyonce with her mum vs Beyonce with her daughter: In celebration of Mother's Day, Beyonce shared this ... 
DJ Jimmy Jatt &amp; Dakore Akande cover new issue of Complete Fashion mag: Popular DJ, Jimmy Jatt and actress, Dak... 
Rhino poaching continues unabated in South Africa: Pretoria, May 11 (IANS) South Africa has lost 393 rhinos th... 
Tired Everton limping towards the summer with reinforcements needed: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first g... 
Relegation deserved for pathetic QPR with future bleak under Fernandes: QPR coach Chris Ramsey dubbed his side... 
Skales, Uti, Mercy Aigbe, others storm Lagos for Nexus Brandshop Launch: Popular Nigerian celebrities, Skales,... 
“I Am Innocent Of My Drug Charges, But I Don’t Intend To Go To the US Now Or Anytime Soon”- Kashamu: Senator-e... 
‘I’ll fight for Nigerians when I get to the Senate’ – Ben Murray-Bruce: The Senator-elect has been on a roll t... 
Idris Elba Breaks 88-year-old UK Driving record in a $270,000 Bentley: One more reason to love British actor I... 
Shettima Launches Agricultural Programme In Borno State: The Borno State Government has launched a programme t... 
We’re committed to paying workers’ salaries  —Bayelsa govt: Bayelsa State Government, weekend, said it will no... 
Police kill six armed robbery suspects in Delta: Six suspected armed robbers have been shot dead by the police... 
Only 141,000 people pay taxes in Edo —STATE IRS: CHAIRMAN of Edo State Internal Revenue Service, Chief Useni E... 
We’re committed to paying workers’ salaries  —Bayelsa govt: Bayelsa State Government, weekend, said it will no... 
Boko Haram: Jonathan’s finest hour: BOKO HARAM, interpreted to mean “Western education is evil”, did not begin... 
Paris Hilton wants 'normal' boyfriend: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Socialite Paris Hilton, who has previously d... 
Okonjo-Iweala Tasks Incoming Government On Job Creation: Nigeria’s Minister of Finance has tasked the incoming... 
Lai Mohammed’s Statement On Handover Unnecessary – Bode George: A leader of the ruling Peoples Democratic Part... 
President Jonathan Thanks Nigerians In Farewell Service:  The Anglican Communion has held  a special thanksgiv... 
NPFL: Sunshine thrash Shooting 2-0, other results: Sunshine Stars Football Club of Akure on Sunday defeated vi... 
Transcorp raises Ughelli Power Plant capacity to 610 MW: Transnational Corporation of Nigeria, Transcorp, Plc ... 
Foundation asks FG to position asthma as national priority disease: Chairman of Oluwakemi Memorial Foundation,... 
Rosberg beats Hamilton to win Spanish GP: Barcelona, May 11 (IANS) Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg beat reigning ... 
Jessica Alba's struggle with homework: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Actress Jessica Alba says she doesn't unders... 
'Avengers: Age Of Ultron' dominates North American box office: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) "Avengers: Age Of Ul... 
Family drama! Emmanuel Adebayor responds to one of his fans on facebook:  A female fan Rachel Mahoe left a com... 
Don’t expect radical revolution from Buhari – Okogie: The Catholic Archbishop Emeritus, Anthony Cardinal Okogi... 
LASG treats 496 patients for cardiac, renal ailments: The Lagos State Government says 496 patients had receive... 
7 injured, vehicles vandalized as hoodlums go on rampage in Lagos: No fewer than seven persons sustained injur... 
Receiving the Bread of Life: If God promises to give you a car, can you receive it?  Don’t be quick to answer.... 
Kalu Uche nets fifth Levante goal: Nigeria striker Kalu Uche scored his fifth goal for Levante on Sunday in a ... 
OAU lecturer kidnapped, driver killed, car burnt: A lecturer at Obafemi Awolowo University, OAU, Ile-Ife, Dr. ... 
Murray rolls over Nadal in Madrid Open final: Madrid, May 11 (IANS/EFE) Britain's Andy Murray, the No. 2 seed,... 
Iran condemns Saudi-led attack on Yemen as 'genocide': Tehran, May 11 (IANS) Iranian foreign ministry spokeswo... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
PHOTO: Protests in London over David Cameron’s election win: Some left activists Saturday afternoon desecrated... 
Buhari Congratulates David Cameron On Election Victory: The President-elect Muhammadu Buhari, has sent a goodw... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero after losing governorship election: As several people trek... 
2015 general elections: I hope my wife will not divorce me – GEJ: Speaking at the thanksgiving and farewell se... 
Poll defeat: Patience Jonathan makes first public appearance: Wife of the President, Mrs. Patience Jonathan, o... 
Mother’s Day: Ajax Players walk on to pitch with their mother: The players of Dutch champions Ajax walked onto... 
Murray stuns Nadal to win Madrid Open: Andy Murray claimed his first Masters series title on clay with a stunn... 
Arepo shooting: Pregnant woman killed by stray bullet buried: The remains of Damilola Fajana, the pregnant wom... 
Escaped Chibok students offer help to freed Boko Haram hostages: "I'm very glad to hear that because I think t... 
Ekiti govt begins workers verification on Tuesday, payment of April salary from Wednesday: Verification of 48,... 
Nigeria’s economy won’t collapse, says Okonjo-Iweala: The Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on has ... 
Fighting rages along Syria’s Lebanon border: The Lebanese Shia group Hezbollah has sent its fighters on an off... 
Oh dear! Blac Chyna's mum comes for the Kardashians/Jenners:  Two days ago, Tyga's grandma said she prefers 17... 
The worth of a Nigerian: THE world knows the worth of an American citizen. The United States (US)  insists tha... 
Aguero treble sends QPR down, Liverpool’s Champions League dream ends: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as Man... 
Bikers ride from Buhari's compound in Katsina to Abuja to witness his inauguration:  A group of bikers picture... 
Bopanna-Mergea clinch Madrid Open title: Madrid, May 11 (IANS) The unseeded Indian-Romanian pair of Rohan Bopa... 
IPL scoreboard: Chennai Super Kings vs Rajasthan Royals: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Following is the scoreboard of... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero after losing governorship election: As several people trek... 
Black boxes of crashed A400M plane found in Spain: Spanish authorities on Sunday found the two cockpit recorde... 
Cry not for the Igbos: THE 2015 general elections might be over but the indelible footprints it left on our po... 
Cry not for the Igbos: THE 2015 general elections might be over but the indelible footprints it left on our po... 
NEMA Close To Completing Evacuation Of Returnees From Niger Republic: The National Emergency Management Agency... 
Five Killed In Switzerland Shooting: Five people have been found dead after a shooting in a town in northern S... 
President elect, Gen Buhari, says his government will be made of technocrats only: President elect, Gen Muhamm... 
Between Buhari’s Integrity, “Change” and Jonathan’s Greatest Failing: It is weeks to the swearing-in the presi... 
2015 general elections: I hope my wife will not divorce me - GEJ: Speaking at the thanksgiving and farewell se... 
Buhari Says Cabinet Will Consist Of Committed Technocrats: Nigeria’s President-elect, General Muhammadu Buhari... 
Merit should guide presidential scholarships: AN ongoing campaign to shoot down the Presidential Special Schol... 
28 killed in Iraq bomb attacks, IS clashes: A total of 28 people were killed, including three suicide bombers,... 
Change can’t happen overnight – Buhari: The President elect, Mohammadu Buhari, on Sunday said the change Niger... 
Car rams into train in UP, three killed: Lucknow, May 10 (IANS) At least three people were killed and one othe... 
PCB ready to host India series in UAE in December, BCCI response guarded: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) The Pakistan ... 
Be ready for persecution, Jonathan tells ministers, aides: BY CALEB AYANSINA ABUJA – President Goodluck Jonath... 
Friends deserted me – Jonathan: Outgoing President Goodluck Jonathan said Sunday that some of his friends dese... 
We have already forgiven Boko Haram – Escaped Chibok students: Deborah knows just what to say to the 275 women... 
2015 elections: I hope Patience will not divorce me – Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan, Sunday,  expresse... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor not done with his family...shares more story about his brother he accused of stea... 
Davina Oriakhi – “Mr Society”: After the release of “Content” 9 months ago, Davina Oriakhi is back with a bran... 
S’Court can’t stop N’Assembly from amending constitution – Senate: The Senate on Sunday argued that the Suprem... 
Ekiti medical director demands arrest of  invaders: The Chief Medical Director of the Federal Teaching Hospita... 
Photos of MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan, Burna Boy at Abakaliki StarMusicTrek:  The 2nd leg of the 2015 Star ... 
Man dies running for life in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 ( IANS) A 72-year-old man died on Sunday in Ne... 
McCullum's 81 lifts Chennai to 157/5 against Rajasthan: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Brendon McCullum's 81 off 61 ba... 
Modi lauds Shashi Kapoor on getting Dadasaheb Phalke: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on... 
Modi bats for 'Team India' of centre and states (Roundup): Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Pitching for a "Team... 
Rohit blames poor bowling and fielding for loss to RCB: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sha... 
Gunmen abduct OAU lecturer in Ekiti, kill driver: Gunmen on Friday evening  abducted a lecturer of the Obafemi... 
NEPAD to regulate products import, export from Africa: The New Partnership for Africa’s Development has announ... 
63 unaccompanied children, six pregnant women among those rescued: Of the 275 persons that were rescued and ha... 
Rescued Woman Says Boko Haram Fed Her With Rice And Oil: A rescued Boko Haram captive, Aishatu, has narrated h... 
'I'll fight for Nigerians when I get to the Senate' - Ben Murray-Bruce: The Senator-elect has been on a roll t... 
My ministers and I will be persecuted, says Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan on Sunday gave an insight in... 
Police parade 40 suspected cultists, robbers in Calabar: No fewer than 40 cultists, suspected kidnappers and a... 
Photos: Northern Elders Forum pay General Buhari courtesy visit: Members of the Northern Elders Forum paid a c... 
You ‘re a political gold-digger, APC tells Ndoma-Egba: For leading a delegation to visit the president-elect, ... 
Man held with suspicious walkie-talkies in Bhopal: Bhopal, May 10 (IANS) A director of a private security agen... 
We bowled according to our plan: RCB's Harshal Patel: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royal Challengers Bangalore bowler... 
Tight security in Bengaluru for Jayalalithaa verdict: Bengaluru, May 10 (IANS) Security has been stepped up in... 
SP MLA who stopped trains not being arrested: Railway police: Saharanpur (Uttar Pradesh), May 10 (IANS) The Ut... 
Bank alarm averts another tunnel robbery in Haryana: Chandigarh, May 10 (IANS) The alert sounded by an alarm i... 
Sampdoria keep up European push, Atalanta's relegation boost: Midfielder Roberto Soriano struck twice as Sampd... 
WATCH: Depay hits 35-yard stunner: PSV winger Memphis Depay converted a 35-yard free kick to add to his impres... 
Man City star Sergio Aguero will get better says Manuel Pellegrini: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini declared t... 
Nigerians misunderstood Jonathan’s calmness for indecisiveness – Okupe: The Senior Special Adviser to the Pres... 
Stop fighting Obiano, monarch tells ex-gov Obi: A first class monarch in Anambra State, Igwe Chijioke Nwankwo,... 
Adoke’s friend leaked plot to abduct me – Kashamu: Ogun-East senator-elect, Buruji Kashamu, has said that he g... 
NDDC Director denies involvement in N2.4bn fraud: THE Executive Direct, Projects, in the Niger Delta Developme... 
Anambra Schools Get Multi-million Naira Projects: The Governor of Anambra State has commissioned completed mul... 
Tony Elumelu address industrialists at the White House: Former managing director of United Bank for Africa, Mr... 
Buhari will be President of Nigeria not APC President – Tambuwal: SPEAKER of the House of Representatives and ... 
83m internet users in Nigeria – NCC:  The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) says the number of internet... 
Nigerian women of reproductive age are anaemic – Nutritionist:  A nutritionist, Prof. Ngozi Nnam, on Sunday sa... 
10 idol smugglers arrested in Bihar: Patna, May 10 (IANS) A gang of idol smugglers was busted on Sunday with t... 
Cameron names his first all-Conservative cabinet: London, May 10 (IANS) British Prime Minister David Cameron h... 
City hammer QPR 6-0: Defending Champions, Manchester City, maintained their uncomfortable second spot behind c... 
Group seeks probe of Fintiri’s N22bn expenditure: A group, Adamawa Progressive Movement has called for the pro... 
Union defends sacking of 400 NIMC staff, tackles colleagues: Senior Staff Association of Communications, Trans... 
City hammer QPR 6-0: Defending Champions, Manchester City, maintained their uncomfortable second spot behind c... 
I’m not plotting to stay on as Amnesty boss -Kuku: The Chairman of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Mr. Kin... 
Seven percent of adults suffer from varicose veins: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) More than seven percent of the adult... 
Two firemen killed in Mumbai blaze, probe ordered: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Two fire fighters lost their lives wh... 
Need to have more Indological researchers in Russia: Mukherjee: Moscow, May 10 (IANS) Appreciating Russian Ind... 
Farmers torch Maharashtra minister's effigy over suicide remark: Yavatmal (Maharashtra), May 10 (IANS) Hundred... 
CSK to bat against Royals: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Chennai Super Kings skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni won the tos... 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pregame accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the seco... 
Tornado kills One In North Texas: A tornado killed one person in a rural part of north Texas on Saturday and d... 
Court jails man five years for employment scam: A Federal High Court sitting in Osogbo, Osun State, has senten... 
Ihedioha blames executive for corruption: The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Emeka Ihedioh... 
Investigate Chime, ex-PDP national auditor tells EFCC: A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democratic Par... 
Senate leader condemns politicising visit to Buhari: Senate Leader, Victor Ndoma Egba on Sunday condemned atte... 
Nigerians took Jonathan’s meekness for weakness, restraint for lack of strength – Okupe: The The Senior Specia... 
Chinese billionaire takes 6,400 staff on holiday to Paris; costs him about $50m:  Chinese  billionaire, Li Jin... 
Scottish first minister demands further devolution of powers: London, May 10 (IANS) British Prime Minister Dav... 
Bangalore beat Mumbai by 39 runs: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royals Challengers Bangalore (RCB) beat Mumbai Indians... 
CPI-M, Congress slam Mamata-Modi bonhomie: Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Seeing red over the apparent bonhomi... 
QPR relegated with a whimper as Aguero and City cruise to easy win: Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green l... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as QPR slumped to ... 
Allegri: Pogba helps our chances of beating Madrid: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri is delighted Paul Pogb... 
Photos from the Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell service in honour of Pres. Jonathan &amp; First Lady: Finally a photo of o... 
What is wrong with this pic?: As seen on CNN. Is there anything wrong with it? 
Photos: Chidi Mokeme buys his wife a Range Rover Sports SUV: The actor who welcomed a child with his wife a fe... 
VIDEO: Davido – “Fans Mi” ft. Meek Mill ( B.T.S+ Photos ): Hottest Single/Video of the Year ALERT!!! Like we t... 
Queen Elizabeth marks WWII anniversary at London service: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Sunday attended a th... 
BTS photos from Davido &amp; Meek Mill’s video shoot: Davido and Meek Mill recently collaborated on music together... 
“God forbid any future govt will repeat what this admininstration has done” – Ezekwesili: Former Minister of E... 
Six bodies recovered from avalanche-hit Nepal district: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Six bodies, including that of... 
Pakistan tribesmen clash over land, 47 killed: Islamabad, May 10 (IANS) At least 47 tribesmen were killed and ... 
Rain relief predicted as mercury soars in Punjab, Haryana: Chandigarh, May 10 (IANS) Weather department offici... 
Modi dedicates India's largest blast furnace plant to nation: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) Prime Minis... 
51 militants killed in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 10 (IANS) Afghan police backed by the army have killed 51  mili... 
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
Fernando Torres saves Atletico but champions only draw at Levante: Fernando Torres netted an important equalis... 
Brazil legend, Pele leaves hospital after prostate surgery: The 74-year-old was admitted to the Albert Einstei... 
Chinese Billionaire Takes 6,400 Staff on Holiday to Paris: A Chinese billionaire has taken 6,400 of his staff ... 
Friends And Family Attend Farewell Service For President Jonathan:  The Anglican Communion has held  a special... 
Water Scarcity Hits Kaduna Residents: Acute water scarcity has hit Kaduna state, Northwest Nigeria, as a resul... 
De Villiers, Kohli fire Bangalore to 235/1: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) AB de Villiers smashed a brilliant century a... 
Land bill is farmer-friendly: Amit Shah: Bhopal, May 10 (IANS) Blaming the Congress for creating misunderstand... 
Vicky Pattison hospitalised after night out: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Reality TV star Vicky Pattison was taken to... 
How to get summer glow for skin: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Want to avoid looking dry and dull in summer? Consum... 
Lisa Ray to perform stunts in 'Ishq Forever': Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Actress Lisa Ray, who plays a secret agent... 
Fernando Torres rescues Atletico Madrid in Levante draw: Atletico Madrid had to come from behind twice to draw... 
IDPs from Kebbi  ‘disowned’ by Gov. Saidu Dakingari – NEMA: The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) ha... 
Militants set off bombs outside Egypt judge’s home: Suspected militants set off three small bombs on Sunday ou... 
Kim K says Kylie Jenner has always wanted lips (&amp; butt) like hers: Kim K is defending her 17 year old sister K... 
Buhari reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors: President-elect Buhari appeared to have dashed ... 
“Yul Edochie And i Dated For Almost 2 Years”- Canadian Based Gay Lover Insists: Last week, in an exclusive cha... 
PHOTO: Ambulance On Emergency Runs Out Of Fuel: The ambulance pictured above was reportedly heading for an eme... 
“Now I can watch Liverpool with a glass of wine” – Van Gaal: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says tha... 
9 US police officers fired over death of young Nigerian man in their custody: We carried this story a few mont... 
‘Saraki most qualified candidate for 8th Senate President ‘: The Chairman of Irepodun Local Government Area of... 
S.African opposition party elects first black leader: South Africa's main opposition party the Democratic Alli... 
Agnes Varda to receive Palme d'Or at Cannes 2015: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) French filmmaker Agnes Varda will... 
Ancelotti hopes league draw kicks up Madrid in Europe: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Spanish club Real Madrid coach Ca... 
Youngsters today prefer casual relationships: Pravesh Rana: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Pravesh Rana, the host of... 
Bangalore post 235/1 against Mumbai Indians: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royal Challengers Bangalore posted a huge s... 
BJP, Congress slam Delhi government for anti-media circular: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The  Delhi government in... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
QPR's Sandro not available for selection over work permit issue: QPR midfielder Sandro has been left out of th... 
Face of Democracy Nigeria pageant flags of Registration for 2015 Edition: Face of Democracy Nigeria flags of 2... 
Face of Democracy Nigeria pageant flags of Registration for 2015 Edition: Face of Democracy Nigeria flags of 2... 
Nigerian Navy Commissions Secondary School, Calls For Girl Child Education: The Nigerian Navy has promised to ... 
Comedian I Go Dye says he will miss First Lady Patience Jonathan: Don't ask me, I don't know...lol. All I know... 
Can you guess the mother &amp; daughter? (photo): Can you guys tell who the mum is and who the daughter is? 
Photos: OAP Osam and his twin boys enjoy a game of football: MC and Naija FM OAP Osamoje Isaac popularly known... 
Employees of road transport corporation continue strike in Andhra, Telangana: Hyderabad, May 10 (IANS) State-o... 
Snowfall, landslides hit rescue work in Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Snowfall, avalanches and landslides fo... 
Handloom linked to culture, needs to be preserved: Designer Ramam: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) India's handloom s... 
Sunrisers aim at consolidation against Kings XI (Preview): Hyderabad, May 10 (IANS) Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) ... 
Outsiders bring a different passion to cinema: Navdeep Chhabra: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Delhi-based Navdeep C... 
S’Africa strike season looms after attacks on migrants: South Africa’s annual season of labour strikes often t... 
'She's not progressing at all': Bobbi Kristina's grandmother gives sad update on her condition: Bobbi Kristina... 
Liverpool hopes pass through Chelsea gauntlet: Liverpool must reluctantly subject themselves to the after-glow... 
Likely xenophobic attacks as S.Africa strike season looms: South Africa's annual season of labour strikes ofte... 
Nigerian Police alone can’t successfully fight crimes NAF Commodore: The Commanding Officer of Nigerian Airfor... 
'It's doesn't matter if the cat is black or white' - article by Ben Murray Bruce: Interesting article by Senat... 
Foundation for tribal development to be set up with coal money: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) The centr... 
New challenges for world cricket order (News Analysis): New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The new global cricket ventur... 
GST bill coming up before Rajya Sabha on Monday: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The government is set to bring on MO... 
Road rage: Delhi bus driver beaten to death: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) A 42-year-old Delhi Transport Corporatio... 
Mommies day out -- an experience for expecting mothers: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) 'Mommies Day Out', an exclusi... 
Jozie teams up with label mate Jahbless on the remix of Choco Boi: The original version of the song was releas... 
Victoria Beckham reveals unending joy of being a mum in letter: Today is Mother's Day in the US and some parts... 
New way to buy fuel these days ...lol (photos): Due to scarcity of fuel in Lagos people now lose the fuel tank... 
Britain, Germany ground Airbus A400M after Spain crash: Britain and  Germany’s  temporarily grounded their Air... 
Gunmen shot Ughelli based pastor: A FIVE man robbery gang over the weekend at Ughelli, Ughelli North Local Gov... 
S.Africa opposition set for first black leader: Members of South Africa's opposition Democratic Alliance voted... 
Europeans resist ‘mad’ EU refugee quota plan: Key European governments are fiercely resisting an EU plan that ... 
Ebola: timeline of a ruthless killer: Here are key dates in the current Ebola epidemic, the worst ever outbrea... 
Two police officers shot dead in Mississippi: reports: Two police officers were shot and killed Saturday in Mi... 
Mother always our first love: Ranbir Kapoor: Panaji, May 10 (IANS) He's always guarded when speaking about his... 
Now, donate at Archies stores to help widow mothers: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Gifts manufacturing company Arch... 
'Rahul's resurgence signals willingness to take on mantle': New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) With a string of salvos f... 
Lightning kills five in Bihar: Patna, May 10 (IANS) At least five people, including two children and a woman, ... 
Jamaican sprinter Powell runs fastest 100m this year: Kingston (Jamaica), May 10 (IANS) Jamaican sprinter Asaf... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
Drunk passenger forces Malaysia Airlines flight to turn back: A Malaysia Airlines flight to Colombo had to tur... 
Oil sector rot will overwhelm Buhari if not tackled within 3 months — Esele: The release of the full report of... 
200-level varsity student gives reasons for trekking to honour Enugu State gov-elect: Mr Joseph Iyoke, a 200-l... 
24 more Myanmar nationals held in Tripura: Agartala, May 10 (IANS) Twentyfour more Mayanmarese, including six ... 
Deepak Dobriyal escapes being typecast: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Actor Deepak Dobriyal, who will be seen in "Tanu... 
Chelsea have taken giant strides this season: Mourinho: London, May 10 (IANS) Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho beli... 
I'm not passionate about modelling: Cara Delevingne: London, May 10 (IANS) Model-actress Cara Delevingne says ... 
'KAPOOR and SONS' shoot begins: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) The shooting of Shakun Batra's upcoming modern family dr... 
We must sell presidential fleet; public servants must use made in Nigeria cars — Senator-elect, Ben Bruce: Med... 
Paris protesters demand fresh cannabis laws: Sporting T-shirts and caps printed with marijuana leaves and with... 
Clooney praises stylish, smart wife: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Nearly nine months after his marriage, actor G... 
Marijuana should be legalised: Morgan Freeman: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Veteran actor Morgan Freeman doesn't... 
Sam Smith suffering from stress: London, May 10 (IANS) Grammy Award-winning singer Sam Smith has revealed he i... 
'Robotic Eel' to explore Jupiter's moon Europa: Washington, May 10 (IANS) NASA is planning a "robotic eel" to ... 
Kapil Sibal announces film 'Zainab...': New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Kapil Sibal along with actor Jimmy Sheirgill ... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
Real Madrid do not pass to Gareth Bale enough, says agent Jonathan Barnett: Gareth Bale's agent Jonathan Barne... 
Primary education remains worrisome in Nigeria — HDI: A non-government organization, Human Development Initiat... 
Singers Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani sexy in new pics: The singers stepped out in sexy black and pink ensembl... 
Dencia shows off her LA mansion (photo): Really? This is where you live Dencia? Now, that's living! She shared... 
YCee and Patoranking in new video for 'Condo': Last year's revelation, Patoranking, teams up with a hot new ra... 
Underwater robot to plan its own missions: New York, May 10 (IANS) Very soon, there would be a robot that can ... 
Yemen army, Houthis welcome Saudi ceasefire proposal: Sanaa, May 10 (IANS) The Yemeni army and the Shia Houthi... 
Mary Kom beats Indira Gandhi as most inspiring mother: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Indian Olympic medallist boxer... 
Real Madrid held by Valencia, Barcelona all but win La Liga: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Valencia goalkeeper Diego A... 
NDMC donates Rs.1 crore for Nepal relief: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has ... 
How 'Korean Gerrard' became Swansea star and Liverpool target Ki: It would not be a surprise if South Korea mi... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
Sunday Morning Hotness featuring super model, Tyson Beckford: This guy can like and do anyhow because he knows... 
Football icon Pele released from hospital after surgery: Brazilian football legend Pele was released from hosp... 
Photos of Buhari’s modest farmhouses in Daura, Katsina state: A Punch reporter was in Daura, Katsina recently ... 
Photos: Two beautiful young sisters shot dead in St Louis: These two sister, 20 year old Antquonette Hale, (le... 
Singapore team treated over 2,500 injured, sick in Nepal: Singapore, May 10 (IANS) The Singapore contingent at... 
Nepal reminiscences on lost heritage through images: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Staring disbelievingly at the Ba... 
Shashi Kapoor conferred Dadasaheb Phalke Award: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Bollywood's evergreen charmer Shashi Kap... 
Modi opens India's largest blast furnace plant: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) Prime minister Narendra M... 
Labour of love revives Ray's 'The Apu Trilogy': Washington, May 10 (IANS) Working frame by frame for over a th... 
Is Buhari ready for internet generation, social media, free speech?: In your opinion, do you think General Buh... 
Experts urge Buhari to address power problem: The incoming government of President-elect Muhammadu Buhari has ... 
Explosion rocks nuclear power plant in New York: A large explosion has rocked the Indian Point nuclear plant i... 
Ciara shares throwback pic of herself right after giving birth: They are actually stills from her new video 'I... 
Mountaineering expeditions 'bit dangerous' now, says Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Mountaineering expedition... 
Simple exercises can help control snoring: New York, May 10 (IANS) If snoring is hampering your partner's soun... 
Dadasaheb Phalke Award conferred on Shashi Kapoor: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Information and Broadcasting Minister... 
Young prostate cancer patients suffer more hot flashes: New York, May 10 (IANS) Men who are younger or have a ... 
Love how Venkat Prabhu presents his actors: Suriya: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Tamil star Suriya has teamed up wit... 
Saudi-led coalition strikes target ex-Yemen president’s residence: Warplanes from the coalition led by Saudi A... 
Speakership: Gbajabiamila, Dogara split state caucuses: State and zonal caucuses of the House of Representativ... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
Vitafoam Orange Moments Loud at Silverbird Galleria Abuja: The good people of the Federal Capital Territory ca... 
Adaeze Yobo &amp; her babies head out on a pre-mother's day outing: Joseph Yobo's wife and former beauty queen, Ad... 
BTS photos from Davido &amp; Meek Mill's video shoot: Davido and  Meek Mill recently collaborated on music  togeth... 
More photos from Ben Murray Bruce's son, Jared's graduation: Ben Murray Bruce pictured with his family at his ... 
Coalition bombs ex-Yemen president Saleh’s residence: Warplanes from the coalition led by Saudi Arabia has bom... 
Kerala Minister Jayalekshmi marries her childhood friend: Manathavady (Kerala) May 10 (IANS) Kerala Youth Affa... 
Puri Jagannadh most likely to direct Chiranjeevi's 150th film: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) If industry sources are ... 
Sreesanth is proud father of a baby girl: Kochi, May 10 (IANS) Former India speedster S. Sreesanth and his wif... 
Modi performs 'aarti' at Dakshineswar temple: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday of... 
Prince Adex – “Jaiye” ft. Jaywon: Adewusi Adesola Quadri fondly Known as Prince Adex is a Babcock University f... 
For the guys,  will you rock this jeans?:  Someone sent this photo and asked if it's OK for her boyfriend to w... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: The 74-year-old was admitted to the Albert Einstei... 
Car bomb rocks S’Afghanistan intelligence office, one injured: Some three attackers were killed while one secu... 
Parched summer again for Bihar Mountain Man's village: Dashrath Nagar(Bihar), May 10 (IANS) Bhagirath Manjhi a... 
Prophet, wife, two children, landlady found dead: A 54-year-old Abia State-born Prophet, Onyenonachi Ihezuk­wu... 
K9 – “Kayefi” (Freestyle): K9 is a talented dude who can sing and brings something new all the time. He’s bein... 
Kim Kardashian West jets off to Brazil to promote her clothing line: The ever busy, Kim K was spotted in L.A. ... 
Trisha walks out of Selvaraghavan's project: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Southern actress Trisha Krishnan, who has ... 
Raghava Lawrencce in Tamil remake of 'Pataas': Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Actor-filmmaker Raghava Lawrencce, who i... 
Journalism as literature: The writings of Ryszard Kapuscinski (Column: Bookends): Journalism, or especially ne... 
Three militants surrender in Tripura: Agartala, May 10 (IANS) A top militant of the National Liberation Front ... 
India's mutual funds base to top $325 bn by 2018: RCAM's Sikka: Abu Dhabi, May 10 (IANS) Riding on the overall... 
AS Roma lead the race to sign Liverpool's Glen Johnson, sources say: Roma are leading the race to sign Liverpo... 
Clear Sunday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) It was a warm Sunday morning in the national capital with the ... 
Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton take a stroll with Princess Charlotte: The Royals took... 
Mumbai building blaze kill two firemen: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Two fire fighters of Mumbai Fire Brigade perishe... 
Modi offers prayers at Dakshineshwar temple: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the D... 
Privatisation of PHCN a fraud,electricity workers tell Buhari: In apparent response to the statement made by t... 
See what this man accused General Hospital, Gbagada of: He tweeted this yesterday morning. 
Miley Cyrus buys $5mn vineyard: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Singer Miley Cyrus has reportedly bought a vineyard... 
Pele discharged from hospital: Sao Paulo, May 10 (IANS) Brazilian football legend Pele was discharged from hos... 
Nadal meets Murray for Madrid title: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Andy Murray will meet Rafael Nadal in the Madrid Ma... 
Taiwan issues warning as Typhoon Noul approaches island: Taipei, May 10 (IANS) Taiwan issued a warning on Sund... 
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
Evanna Lynch, Robbie Jarvis spark dating rumours: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) "Harry Potter" actress Evanna Lyn... 
Spanish La Liga standings: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Following are the standings of Spanish La Liga after Saturday... 
Reese Witherspoon addicted to coffee: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Actress Reese Witherspoon says she is addicte... 
Pressure mounts on Mu’azu, others to resign before May 29: Powerful forces within the Peoples Democratic Party... 
Scarcity: Nigerians buy fuel for N200 per litre: The scarcity of the Premium Motor Spirit popularly known as p... 
Incestous brothers and sisters!: We are living in a complex and highly sophisticated society in which sexual i... 
Reckless allocation as severance package to governors: All Nigerians who have for long been baffled by how pub... 
Going to US is like jumping into fire —Kashamu: Senator-elect and a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party ... 
N1bn bounty still on Shekau — US: The United States is still maintaining the $7 million (N1.4 billion) bounty ... 
Inter-Korean tensions mount after North Korea test-fires missiles: Seoul, May 10 (IANS) Inter-Korean tensions ... 
'Difficult' for Real Madrid to catch Barcelona now - Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has ad... 
Aftermath of Polls: The North must win back Igbo confidence  – Ezeife: ’How S-East will benefit under incoming... 
The post-election prize Jonathan deserves  – Abubakar Audu: The secret of any success is hard work and that ha... 
Keshi wary of Chad: Nigeria head coach Stephen Keshi revealed his side will not be taking Chad lightly when th... 
Kaduna attackers wanted my head for being ‘an infidel’ — Redeemed Church pastor: Old giant threes with fat, tw... 
Aftermath of Polls: The North must win back Igbo confidence  – Ezeife: ’How S-East will benefit under incoming... 
Why incoming government must Scrap petroleum ministry —Expert: Says FG should subsidise production not large s... 
Senate presidency: Aspirants lobby colleagues: The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate President, David ... 
Kidnap: Ekiti doctors go on strike: Nigerian Medical Association has declared an indefinite strike to protest ... 
Mubarak, sons get three-year jail term for graft: A Cairo court sentenced Egypt’s deposed autocrat Hosni Mubar... 
Gov poll: Controversy over Rivers, A’Ibom results: As the May 29 handover date draws near, fresh controversy o... 
Liberia Ebola-free — WHO: The World Health Organisation on Saturday declared Liberia free of the Ebola Virus D... 
WHO releases new cancer, hepatitis drugs: The World Health Organisation has released a new list of treatments ... 
President ‘Okechukwu’ Buhari !: Nigerians are beginning to know more about our President-elect, General Muhamm... 
PDP: Muazu, the govs and the war within: IT is no longer news that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, a... 
May 29 handover: FG recalls Permanent Secretaries, Directors from leave: Ahead of the May 29, 2015, handover t... 
Martins on Bournemouth radar: English Premier League new entrants AFC Bournemouth, who won the English Champio... 
How APC benefited from PDP’s mismanaged success – Eyiboh: Mr. Eseme Eyiboh, is one time chairman of the House ... 
Protests in London over David Cameron's election win: Some left activists Saturday afternoon desecrated a war ... 
Photo: Ambulance on an emergency run runs out of fuel: The ambulance pictured above was reportedly heading for... 
Buhari reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors. Ha!: My hand no dey for this one o..lol. Saw it... 
Regina Askia's daughter, Stephanie, surivives ghastly car accident: Regina Askia Williams took to her Facebook... 
Reese Witherspoon's clothing line sells out: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Actress Reese Witherspoon, who launche... 
Jose Mourinho rules out Ferguson and Wenger-esque stay at Chelsea: Jose Mourinho has suggested it will be impo... 
Louis van Gaal optimistic over Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw injuries: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal put a p... 
Photos: Woman killed by stray bullet in Arepo, buried: Damilola Fajana, the 26 year old lawyer who was killed ... 
Photos: Rihanna hugs Drake as they party at a nightclub in New York: The ex-flames were spotted at the VIP Roo... 
Sanusi applauds el-Rufai’s election: Former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and Emir of Kano, Alhaji M... 
Power sector consumer complaints highest in Nigeria — CPC: The Consumer Protection Council has said the compla... 
Dotun Akande wins: Dotun Akande needs no introduction. She is one of the successful daughters of late Engr. Ad... 
Era of medical technology: With the advancement in technology, our life is becoming easier day by day. Every a... 
Speakership: Gbajabiamila, Dogara split state caucuses: The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate Presiden... 
Photos: Femi  &amp; Funke Kuti, Kate Henshaw, others party with Tunde &amp; Wunmi Obe at their mansion: Celebrity coup... 
Putin says Russia ready to re-build relations with EU: Moscow, May 10 (IANS/EFE) Russian President Vladimir Pu... 
Hadee – “Wado” ft. Tustep: Eastern based artiste Hadee makes his TX debut with “Wadu” featuring Tustep. The tr... 
VIDEO: Tushow – “Candy Crush”: Entertainment Mansion star, Tushow, returns to the music scene with a stunning ... 
GLO hosts NYSC members to welcome party at Orientation camp in Lagos: Globacom, last Friday evening, treated t... 
Poor turnout mars Lagos carnival: Poor turnout of people at the 2015 Lagos Carnival marred the event staged on... 
Check out this cool video of the Smirnoff #Doubleside party. It rocked: Smirnoff Ice Double Black with Guarana... 
God forbid any future govt will repeat what this admininstration has done - Ezekwesili: Former Minister of Edu... 
Spot the difference: featuring Pharrell: Can you spot them? Photo credit: TMZ 
Photos: Ben Murray-Bruce's son graduates from US University: Jared, one of the sons Silverbird Group chairman ... 
A rumour: Tran on reconciliation with Chris Brown: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Model Karrueche Tran has respond... 
Milan pick up morale-boosting victory over Roma: Milan snapped their five-match winless streak with Saturday's... 
Aww...remember the couple who met on twitter and got engaged last year? They got married today: You guys remem... 
Kylie Jenner denies saying 'high as f***!*: The 17 year old took to Twitter to deny she said 'high as f***!' i... 
John Fashanu's wife, Abigail, attacked him with samurai sword his sister claims: The last has not been heard o... 
Ebola may persist in survivors' eyeballs for months: Study: Washington, May 10 (IANS) The Ebola virus can pers... 
GM mosquitoes prove effective against dengue in Panama: Panama City, May 10 (IANS/EFE) Panama's Gorgas Memoria... 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid's La Liga title hopes wer... 
Lyon's title hopes suffer big blow vs. Caen; Bordeaux beat Nantes: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-... 
The best of the weekend action in pictures:  /photo-gallery/2441989/
Pogba's goal-scoring return offsets drab draw for Juventus: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regards to Paul P... 
Akpororo storms the US for ELOGAIR 2015 Concert: Riding on his numerous successes back home and his popularity... 
Nigerian presidents must use only made in Nigeria Peugeot as official cars- Ben Murray Bruce: Chairman of Silv... 
Omotola headlines "poverty is sexist" global campaign: Omotola has just returned from Johannesburg where she s... 
Kim Kardashian West defends Kylie Jenner: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West says ... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Madrid bid title hopes goodbye: A pair of first half defensive errors and a slew of missed chances, including ... 
Biu town in Borno currently under attack: Madthaw Village in Miringa District of Biu Local Government Area in ... 
Kiss Daniel loses his dad: Nigerian Singing sensation, Kiss Daniel broke the news about his dad a few minutes ... 
INEC Document Exposes Massive Fraud By PDP, INEC, In Rivers State Guber Poll: Except the five governorship can... 
Photo: Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi pays Nasir El Rufai congratulatory visit:  Emir of Kano, Mahammadu Sanus... 
United close in on top-four spot, beat Palace 2-1: Marouane Fellaini heads home late on to secure 2-1 victory ... 
Madrid slip, play 2-2 with Valencia, Barcelona win: Real Madrid may need a miracle to win the Spanish La Liga ... 
Madrid slip, play 2-2 with Valencia, Barcelona win: Real Madrid may need a miracle to win the Spanish La Liga ... 
Ekweremadu PDP post-election panel meets Jonathan: Members of the Post-Election Review Committee set up by the... 
PCB chief detained for two hours at Kolkata airport: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Pakistan cricket board president S... 
Beyonce has 'more energy' now: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Singer Beyonce Knowles says she has "more energy" si... 
Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak sentenced To 3 years in prison in retrial on corruption charges: An Egyptian court on Sa... 
Atiku’s son, Aliyu graduates from American University of Nigeria: Former VP Atiku Abubakar’s son Aliyu graduat... 
WHO declares Liberia Ebola Free: The World Health Organization WHO has declared Liberia, one of the countries ... 
“My Ultimate Ambition Is To Be Governor Of Oyo State” – 9ICE: Speaking with Vanguard, Abolore Akanda (9ice) wh... 
China orders Muslim shopkeepers to sell alcohol, cigarettes, to ‘weaken’ Islam: Muslim shops and restaurants i... 
Sanusi visits el-Rufai, says Kaduna chose competent leader: Former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and... 
Six killed in Egypt clashes: Cairo, May 10 (IANS) A total of six, including three policemen and three alleged ... 
Star Football SuperFans gameshow:  Arsenal ‘drag’ Chelsea to penalties: Star SuperFans, the popular game show ... 
Depay will be United’s Messi — Van Gaal: Memphis Depay ‘goal-scoring winger’ like Lionel Messi - Louis van Gaa... 
Pep taking over at City: Pep Guardiola will quit as Bayern Munich manager and take over at Manchester City, ac... 
Aguero bemoans title miss: Manchester City’s in-form goalscorer is leading the race for the Premier League Gol... 
Every woman must take a spiritual stand  -Apostle Fidel Chimezie: Apostle Fidel Chimezie is Chief Apostle, Nig... 
Three die, 10 injured in Ogun road crash: Three persons died while 10 others were injured in an road crash whi... 
Klint Da Drunk, Mr Melody, others storm Bamboo for Most Beautiful Girl in Eko: The second edition of The Most ... 
Skales says he’s nervous as he prepares for first album launch: Currently the most anticipated  album of the y... 
It took me 4 hours to compose Nwayo —Sefiya: Occasionally, artistes tell stories through their music which mak... 
Sunrisers beat Daredevils by six runs (Roundup): Raipur, May 10 (IANS) Kedar Jadhav's valiant unbeaten knock o... 
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
Marouane Fellaini earns improved Manchester United a vital win: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Marouane Fellaini (78'... 
Dortmund on easy street in victory over Hertha Berlin: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti delves deeper into the latest tr... 
Borno Government Sets Up 21st IDP Camp: The Borno State Government has established a camp for the indigenes of... 
Photo of the day: Photo from the 2015 Lagos State CarnivalPhoto credit: Lukeshphoto 
Liberia declared Ebola free: The World Health Organization WHO has declared Liberia, one of the countries wors... 
Buhari Supporters Organisation chairman in Delta state kidnapped: Buhari Supporters Organisation (Bso) Chairma... 
Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu Buhari seen on airport shuttle bus:  Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu B... 
Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu Buhari seen on airport shuttle bus:  Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu B... 
2019:  Jonathan pledges to rebuild PDP : President Goodluck Jonathan has pledged to work and support all effor... 
Democracy and delayed LG elections  in Lagos: As  Governor   Raji   Fashola   takes   his exit from power     ... 
Between Buhari’s Integrity, “Change” and Jonathan’s Greatest Failing: It is weeks to the swearing-in the presi... 
Kvitova crowned women's champion in Madrid Open: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Petra Kvitova was crowned as the champi... 
IPL scoreboard: Delhi Daredevils vs Sunrisers Hyderabad: Raipur, May 9 (IANS) The following is the scoreboard ... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
Tottenham abysmal in all phases in defeat to Stoke: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets in regards to Harr... 
Barca earn 7th-straight clean sheet victory: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelled Barcelona past David Moyes'... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
Karrueche Tran shows birthday TBT photo of her touching her friends 'behind' (Photo): Chris Brown's ex, Karrue... 
APC will not mismanage success – Abubakar Audu: Even though he is a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress... 
Practice what you preach at home, Adeboye tells pastors: Jos - The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian ... 
’How S-East will benefit under Buhari govt’: Contrary to the claim that Ndigbo put all their eggs in one baske... 
Aim to empower poor as Tagore wanted: Modi at new schemes launch (Roundup): Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Expressing h... 
Burnley relegated: Boss Sean Dyche to wait before deciding on future: #INSERT type:image caption:Sean Dyche ap... 
Lyon's Ligue 1 title hopes in tatters after defeat at Caen: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-Germain... 
IGP Warns Officers On Need For Intelligence-Led Policing: The Inspector General of Police has urged officers a... 
Rivers LG Elections: Youth Protest At APC Secretariat: Scores of youths supporting the All Progressives Congre... 
Abuja Salesgirl in Court for Misappropriating N262,000 from Sale of Sweets &amp; Biscuits: The police on Friday ar... 
Rundatrax – “Africa” ft. Runtown, Diamond &amp; Teddy-A: Veteran Music Producer/ Performer Extraordinaire RUNDATRA... 
This is bound to boost the male ego!: Did you know that during orgasm, most of the brain shuts down?  That wit... 
Clerics eulogise Awo’s contribution to national devt: Ven. Sunday Enike, the Archdeacon of Ikenne Archdeaconry... 
Emulate UK party leaders, Gov Aliyu urges PDP leaders to resign: Gov. Babangida Aliyu of Niger on Saturday urg... 
Burnley relegated from Premier League: Burnley were relegated from the Premier League on Saturday despite winn... 
Want to move away from vote-centric politics, empower poor: Modi: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Asserting that the poo... 
RS to pass Bangladesh land boundary accord bill again: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha will once again... 
New schemes saw 5.5 crore enlistments before official launch: Modi: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Prior to the officia... 
New social security schemes launched in Rajasthan: Jaipur, May 9 (IANS) Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Ra... 
Yemen campaign Saudi Arabia's strategic blunder: Iran: Tehran, May 9 (IANS) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani o... 
Arnett Gardens ready for big Humble Lions semifinal clash: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Dan Thomas preview the R... 
Bayern Munich flat across the board in home loss to Augsburg: The ESPN FC panel discuss exactly how good a man... 
Reps Leadership: Groups Want Speaker Zoned To Northeast: Youths and Women from the Northern Nigeria, under the... 
Clerics hail Awo’s contribution to national development: The Archdeacon of Ikenne Archdeaconry and Vicar of Ou... 
2.5m Christians to attend Deeper life crusade in Ogun: About 2.5 million people are expected to attend a crusa... 
Osinbajo’s testimony at Redemption Camp: VICE-PRESIDENT-ELECT, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has appreciated Nigerians f... 
Why I shunned appeal to join APC —Onuesoke: Delta State People’s Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Sunny... 
Police IG sets up special unit to protect judges, courts: The Inspector-General of Police, Ag. IGP Solomon Ara... 
India thrash Japan 4-0, win hockey Test Series 3-0: Bhubaneswar, May 9 (IANS) India finally stamped their domi... 
Tents, food still not reaching Nepal quake victims: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) Two weeks after the deadly earthqu... 
Indian Navy's new base commissioned in Porbandar: Porbandar, May 9 (IANS) Adding to the naval infrastructure a... 
10 killed in cargo plane crash in Spain: Madrid, May 9 (IANS) A brand new cargo plane on a test flight crashed... 
Henriques' 74 lifts Sunrisers to 163/4 against Daredevils: Raipur, May 9 (IANS) Moises Henriques' unbeaten kno... 
Student Treks From Kano To Abuja To Protest Alleged Electoral Malpractice In Taraba⁰: The number of professed ... 
Boko Haram survivor graduates from university: Dressed in a red and blue gown and mortar board, Abubakar Umar ... 
Alibaba acquires $56 million stake in US online retailer Zulily: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange ... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
Danny Ings' winner over Hull futile as Burnley relegated: Danny Ings' second-half winner was not enough to sav... 
Nigerians deported from Niger begin HIV/AIDS screening: The Yobe State Agency for Control of HIV/AIDS on Satur... 
Ten-man Bayern suffer fourth straight defeat: Ten-man Bayern Munich suffered a moral-sapping fourth straight d... 
Gov Aliyu backs Fayose urges Mu’azu to resign: Gov. Babangida Aliyu of Niger on Saturday urged leaders of PDP ... 
Poor turnout mars Lagos Carnival: Poor turnout of people at the 2015 Lagos Carnival marred the event staged on... 
Nigerian Interbank Rates Rise On Treasury Bills Sales: Nigeria interbank lending rates rose 3.25 percentage po... 
WHO Declares Liberia Ebola-free: The World Health Organisation (WHO) has declared Liberia free of the dreaded ... 
WHO warns that Ebola might be transmitted sexually: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice... 
Burnley relegated as Hull are plunged deep into relegation trouble: Danny Ings ended his goal drought as Burnl... 
Modenine – “Salute” with iLLbliss, B-Elect &amp; Cashino: 9 days into #30DaysOfModenine, and Modenine taps into un... 
Photos: Atiku's son, Aliyu graduates from American University of Nigeria: Former VP Atiku Abubakar's son Aliyu... 
Aliyu backs Fayose, asks Mu’azu, others to resign: Governor Babangida Aliyu of Niger State on Saturday urged l... 
I’m going back to school after Villa – Sambo’s wife: Wife of the Vice President, Hajia Amina Sambo, on Saturda... 
Man steals jewelry at gunpoint but brings it back because it’s fake: A Miami man, Daniel Sion Palmer, 26, man ... 
Rahul pays tribute to Tagore: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi paid tribute to Nob... 
Lok Adalat awards over Rs.77 crore to claimants in Delhi: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) A total of 1,680 cases were ... 
Sonia confers G.K. Reddy award on Vinod Mehta posthumously: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Congress president Sonia G... 
India Inc welcomes new social security schemes: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) India Inc on Saturday welcomed the gov... 
Whistle-blower aghast at Himachal CM's attitude (To go with story - Now I'll die in peace: Widow of George Cro... 
Sound Sultan – “Obalola”: Sound Sultan faced heat when he promised to release “Obalola”, only if he gets 2,000... 
Jumabee – “Shower Me” ft. Cynthia Morgan: After much uproar regarding the controversial picture of the “Mango ... 
India accuses Maoist rebels of abducting 250 villagers: Indian officials have accused Maoist rebels of abducti... 
Shahid completes '12 years a slave' in Bollywood, thanks fans: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor Shahid Kapoor, who m... 
Belgian varsity honours Tagore with his statue: Brussels, May 9 (IANS) Belgium's most prestigious and largest ... 
Golfer Lahiri misses halfway cut at Players Championship: Ponte Vedra Beach (United States), May 9 (IANS) Indi... 
Environment impacts by accredited agencies only: Javadekar: Chennai, May 9 (IANS) Union Environment and Forest... 
Titan announces top level management changes: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Tata Group firm Titan on Saturday announced... 
Ekiti NMA begins strike to protest doctor, nurse’s kidnap: Nigerian Medical Association has declared an indefi... 
Nigeria is rich, but Nigerians are poor, EU tells Buhari: The European Union (EU) on Saturday urged the Presid... 
Music: Rulex – Nwa Di Ok: Rulex is out with a new jam titled “Nwa Di Ok” produced by Ace Producer “STO Beats”.... 
Rumor has it...that a popular A-list artist will be a dad next month: I can't mention names because I no take ... 
Syrians worried over Lebanon’s new visa rules: Confusion and fear have gripped the Syrian population residing ... 
Borno establishes 21st IDPs’ camp, houses Nigerien deportees: Borno State Government on Saturday established a... 
Fifa Revises 2018 World Cup Rules: World football governing body, Fifa says abandoned World Cup qualifiers wil... 
Dick Advocaat gives Sunderland lifeline by beating Everton: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first goal for t... 
Mubarak, sons jailed 3 years for corruption:  An Egyptian Court on Saturday sentenced former President Hosni M... 
Michael Schumacher's wife sells off his $40m private jet and holiday mansion as 'he won't use them again': Mic... 
PHOTO: Cynthia Morgan And Banky W Pictured Kissing: Star girl, Cynthia Morgan and Eme Boss, Banky W were recen... 
North Korea ‘test fires’ submarine-launched missile: North Korea says it has successfully test-fired a newly d... 
Egypt’s Mubarak sons jailed three years for corruption: An Egyptian Court on Saturday sentenced former Preside... 
North Korea ‘test fires’ submarine-launched missile: North Korea says it has successfully test-fired a newly d... 
Airbus military plane crashes in Spain: An Airbus A400M military plane crashed into a field a mile (1.6 km) no... 
Honours even after Championship playoff semi between Ipswich and Norwich: Ipswich held Norwich to a 1-1 draw i... 
Sunderland give themselves hope: Sunderland are now 14th after a 2-0 win over Everton thanks to two deflected ... 
Fat or fiction? Dispelling myths: London, May 9 (IANS) Still struggling to come to grips with the notion that ... 
16 injured in Kashmir grenade explosion: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) At least 16 people were injured when militants... 
Pune FC face Bharat FC in derby (Preview): Pune, May 9 (IANS) Pune FC will be keen to claim the bragging right... 
43 prisoners escape, 44 people killed in Iraq jailbreak: Baghdad, May 9 (IANS) Up to 43 inmates escaped from a... 
FPIs ship out as tax issues and below expected results disappoint (Weekly Review): New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Anx... 
WHO declares Liberia Ebola free: The World Health Organisation on Saturday declared Liberia free of Ebola afte... 
Phyno Acquires Multi-Million Naira Property In Lekki: The Nigerian rapper and record producer, Azubike Chibuzo... 
VIDEO: Jahbless – 69 Missed Calls Ft. Olamide, Reminisce, Lil Kesh, CDQ &amp; Chinko Ekun (Teaser): The Official V... 
MUSIC: Simpec Armani – Ijo Olowo: After The Successfull Release of “Go Down Low” By The Thrilling And Sensatio... 
Ebola may be sexually transmitted, WHO warns: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice on th... 
Farmers tackle Kogi over N100,000 loan: All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Kogi State chapter, on Saturday de... 
Ex-PDP auditor petitions EFCC, demands Chime’s probe for fraud: A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democ... 
Photo: Blogger Sisi Yemmie and husband welcome baby boy: Popular blogger Yemisi Aiyedun aka Sisi Yemmie, who m... 
Miller, Maxwell take Kings XI to 183/5 against KKR: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A late 11-ball 27 run unbeaten blitz... 
Afghan government retakes district after 10 years of Taliban rule: Kabul, May 9 (IANS) Afghan security forces ... 
18 militants surrender in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 9 (IANS) A total of 18 militants handed over their weapons t... 
Six-pack abs not necessary to deliver hits, says Madhavan: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor R. Madhavan says it's a ... 
Value Indian classical music: Shilpa Rao tells youth: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Having been close to classical Indi... 
How president-elect Buhari can achieve a fair deal for victims of corruption: Today the level of confidence in... 
TX Review: Reminisce – “Local Rappers” ft. Olamide &amp; Phyno + Praiz – “If I Fall” [VIDEO]: Reminisce – “Local R... 
MUSIC: K9 – Kayefi (Freestyle): The Multi Talented Kokoma Master ‘K9′ is not slowing down on his game as he dr... 
Court jails, fines Mubarak, sons three years for fraud: An Egyptian court has sentenced ousted President Hosni... 
Fuel Scarcity Worsens In Ogun State: The lingering fuel scarcity in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital has conti... 
A-League: Sydney FC set up final date after win over Adelaide United: SYDNEY -- Captain Alex Brosque scored go... 
Bengal Chamber delegation to visit Bhutan: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A 15-member delegation of the Bengal Chamber ... 
Court asks APSTRC employees to end strike: Hyderabad, May 9 (IANS) The Hyderabad High Court on Saturday direct... 
Clearance awaited for bulk production of homemade Bofors gun: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Having cleared the summe... 
India rely on singles strength at Sudirman Cup (Preview): Dongguan (China), May 9 (IANS) India will rely on th... 
Ancient jewel-studded vest missing after Nepal quake: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) The search for idols, jewellery,... 
Ebola transmission via sex may be possible, warns WHO: The World Health Organisation (WHO) has issued an inter... 
N100,000 loan grossly inadequate, farmers tell Kogi govt: Lokoja - All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN) K... 
“You Can’t buy Arsenal Football Club” – Etcetera tells Dangote: Dangote is worth about $15.7 billion, Arsenal ... 
Indonesian leader insists death penalty ‘positive’ for country: Indonesian President Joko Widodo insisted Satu... 
Gaidam restates support for Lawan’s Senate Presidency bid: Yobe State Governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Gaidam, on Satu... 
Indonesian leader insists death penalty ‘positive’ for country: Indonesian President Joko Widodo insisted Satu... 
Uduaghan advocates new value system, diversification of economy: Governor Emmanuel Uduaghan of Delta State on ... 
Russia Stages Massive WW2 Parade Despite Western Boycott: As the whole of Europe continues to mark 70 years si... 
Liverpool Players Will Help Mignolet Win Golden Gloves – Skrtel: Liverpool defender, Martin Skrtel, says assis... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
Wooing Bollywood part of J&amp;K's fight against wrong perceptions: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) The Jammu and Kashmir g... 
Tamil Nadu contractors name 10 PWD officials as 'corrupt': Chennai, May 9 (IANS) A contractors' association in... 
PM reaches Kolkata 45 minutes ahead of schedule: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived he... 
I would like to be a child again: Modi: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi ha... 
Helicopter went out of control before landing: Pakistan air chief: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) Pakistan's Air Chie... 
Da Emperor Drops Firewood Ft. Oritshe Femi: Nigerian indigenous rapper, Da Emperor, takes a major step towards... 
Uduaghan calls for new value system, diversification of economy: Gov. Emmanuel Uduaghan of Delta on Saturday s... 
Akshay will bond with Preity, Upen on 'Nach Baliye 7' (TV Snippets): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Action star Akshay K... 
Why polls got British election wrong: London, May 9 (IANS) Despite a plethora of voter surveys and newspaper a... 
Venezuelan cop jailed for 18 years for protester's death: Caracas, May 9 (IANS) A police officer was sentenced... 
Revitalise skin with water, exercise: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Stay hydrated, exercise regularly and follow ski... 
Braving summer heat, thousands throng religious yatra in Punjab: Talwandi Sabo (Punjab), May 9 (IANS) Braving ... 
LEAK: HarrySong – Mama Eh: Apparently this beautiful song titled ‘Ma Meh‘ by Five Star Music‘s Harrysong aka M... 
MUSIC: Loose Kaynon – Go Hard ft Ice Prince &amp; Milli: Chocolate City lets go of this tune off the #TICBN album,... 
JimmyKing – “Everyday” ft. Solidstar (Prod. by Killertunes): Abiodun Olujimi King who is also known as JimmyKi... 
Six injured in Jammu and Kashmir explosion: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) Six civilians were injured in Jammu and Kas... 
No future in violence: Modi: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), May 9 (IANS) The future lies in peace and not in violen... 
Pakistan hand Bangladesh huge defeat, win series 1-0: Mirpur, May 9 (IANS) Bangladesh crumbled facing a near i... 
Stolen first edition copy of Marquez masterpiece retrieved: Bogota, May 9 (IANS) The Colombian police have ann... 
Condition of three SAI athletes stable: Alappuzha, (Kerala) May 9 (IANS) The condition of the three Sports Aut... 
At C.O.D United, it is ladies first: When the C.O.D United Ladies team was set up only two years ago, the goal... 
Egypt seizes football star Aboutrika’s assets: Egyptian authorities have seized share certificates belonging t... 
Remember the 2 sisters I told y'all about yesterday? They are now in Kirikiri: Yesterday, I told y'all about t... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
India's forex reserves touch new record high: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Depreciation in dollar value and smart inve... 
As global CO2 breaks records, India faces dilemma (Special to IANS): New Delhi, May 9 (IANS/IndiaSpend) During... 
MUSIC: Victoria Kimani – Loving You ft Ice Prince: Chocolate city first lady – Victoria Kimani teams up with l... 
MUSIC: Sound Sultan – Obalola: Sound Sultan promised to let go of this tune if he gets 2k retweets on his twit... 
Femi Fani-Kayode thinks PDP NWC members should resign: Femi Fani-Kayode thinks the PDP National Working Commit... 
Father &amp; Son in Arraigned at Ibadan Court for Allegedly Biting Off Neighbour’s Earlobe: A 65-year-old man, Joh... 
Kokoboy – “Feeling High”: American based Nigerian afro hiphop singer Kokoboy. Musical son to Kokomaster D’banj... 
Is there anything wrong with the way Rita Ora hugged Jay Z from behind?: Photo taken inside the Met Gala. Fans... 
Man stabs girlfriend to death in Bayelsa, attempts suicide: Tragedy struck yesterday at the Agudama suburb of ... 
Irate youths disrupt burial, destroy coffin, injure many in A-Ibom: THE lingering hostility between Adiasim an... 
May 29 Transition: PDP tackles Buhari over promises: The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, yest... 
Pandemonium in Abeokuta as secondary schools students clash: Pandemonium broke out in Abeokuta when Secondary ... 
What do you guys think of this post by actress Ronke Oshodi Oke: She posted this photo of a random guy she met... 
Photos: 8 year old boy found in suitcase at Spanish border: How can you risk your child's life this way? An 8-... 
Doctor shot dead in Karachi: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) A homeopathic doctor was killed on Saturday when unidenti... 
Hasina thanks Tripura CM for backing land swap deal: Agartala, May 9 (IANS) Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh H... 
Varun Dhawan shares workout video (Movie Snippets): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor Varun Dhawan, who will be next ... 
What British election results mean for science: London, May 9 (IANS) Although not all the political ramificati... 
Now I'll die in peace: Widow of George Cross winner: Shimla, May 9 (IANS) "Now I will die in peace," said octo... 
Imoke Denies Plan To Be PDP National Chairman: Cross River State Governor, Liyel Imoke, has debunked rumours t... 
30 killed in Iraq jail break: Up to 30 people were killed when the Iraqi security forces thwarted a jail-break... 
Buhari Supporters Organisation chairman in Delta state kidnapped: Buhari Supporters Organisation (Bso) Chairma... 
Artists from around the world given opportunity to 'Set The Stage' with Africa's biggest acts: After the succe... 
Amber Rose tries to take back what she said about Kanye. Blames it on alcohol: Amber Rose has a gag order not ... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
Luis Enrique looks to exorcise the ghost of Real Sociedad in treble chase: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says... 
Laurent Blanc happy with PSG determination in big win: Paris Saint-Germain manager&amp;nbsp;Laurent Blanc wants to... 
Russia's Victory Day parade begins: Moscow, May 9 (IANS) The annual Victory Day parade, this year celebrating ... 
Where you live can affect your body weight: New York, May 9 (IANS) Next time you begin house hunting, try for ... 
Fitch warns of foreign funds exodus over retro tax: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) The minimum alternate tax on capital ... 
Goodbye forever to 'Candy Crush' invites on Facebook: New York, May 9 (IANS) Already fed up of annoying app an... 
23 years of 'Khuda Gawah' makes Big B nostalgic: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Amitabh Bachchan-starrer "Khuda Gawah" c... 
President Jonathan Sends Birthday Wishes To Shonekan, Nwobodo: President Goodluck Jonathan has felicitated wit... 
VIDEO TEASER : Jahbless – 69 Missed Calls Ft. Olamide, Reminisce, Lil Kesh, CDQ &amp; Chinko Ekun: Jahbless is set... 
Sound Sultan finally gets his 2k retweets: The singer finally got his 2k retweets but not before Nigerians dra... 
THE CHIKE SISTERS- OLANMA DISCOVERY (4): Maybe… scratch that and focus, girl.  Nma shook her head and looked a... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Man City need to find another Lionel Messi: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insis... 
Louis van Gaal fined us for being one minute late for lunch, says Fellaini: Marouane Fellaini has revealed tha... 
Etcetera doesn't think Dangote can afford to buy Arsenal football club: Dangote is worth about $15.7 billion a... 
Canadian man claims triple homicide on Facebook: Canadian police are investigating what appears to be a murder... 
Ms. Chief – “Bob Marley” ft. Qdot: Ms. Chief aka The BOSS Lady is back with a brand New Single, The Nigerian f... 
VIDEO: Dotman – “Fine Girl”: Official Video of U &amp; I Music artiste “Dotman” single “FINE GIRL”. The song is a ... 
Loose Kaynon – “Go Hard” ft. Ice Prince &amp; Milli: Loose Kaynon of Chocolate City drops a new single and collabo... 
Mexico gunmen wound ex-police chief: Hitmen shot and seriously wounded on Friday the controversial former poli... 
Buhari’s ministers, lawmakers to get N9bn housing, furniture allowance: Senators and members of the House of R... 
Ogun Court Remands 38 Year Old in Prison Over Alleged Rape of 8 Year Old Girl: An Ota Magistrates’ Court in Og... 
Miss Zimbabwe may lose crown over nude photo allegations: A year after her predecessor quit over a similar sca... 
Lagos Residents Demand Provision of Public Toilets on Highways: Some residents of Lagos on Friday called on th... 
Photo: Another Nigerian soldier dies: Lieutenant MI Musa was killed in action yesterday. May his soul rest in ... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Karim Benzema named in Real Madrid squad for Valencia game: Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema could be set to ... 
Table Tennis: NSC Assures Players Of Development Plan: The Acting Director-General of the National Sports Comm... 
MC Galaxy Breakthrough Album Competition: Mc Galaxy has just released his new album breakthrough which is sold... 
Court of enquiry to look into MiG crash: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A court of enquiry will evaluate the damage fol... 
Abu Dhabi Film Festival discontinued after eight editions: Abu Dhabi, May 9 (IANS) The Abu Dhabi Film Festival... 
Jay Z, Beyonce buy $2.6 mn estate in New Orleans: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Rapper-record producer Jay Z and w... 
Finch expects early return to cricket: Melbourne, May 9 (IANS) Injured Australian opener Aaron Finch is planni... 
Upbeat Mumbai face RCB challenge in IPL (Preview): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Having beaten table-toppers Chennai Su... 
Mariah Carey suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage: 45 year old Mariah Carey suffered an accidental wardrobe m... 
Will you rock Kendall Jenner's knee-high gladiator boots? (Photos): Kendall Jenner stepped out in these knee-h... 
Guatemalan vice president resigns amid corruption scandal: Guatemalan President Otto Perez announced his vice ... 
Woman finds out her Twins are born to different Dads: A woman in New Jersey only discovered that her twins hav... 
Australian teenager arrested in Melbourne ‘bomb plot’: Police arrested a 17-year-old and accused him of plotti... 
Shashi Kapoor to receive Dadasaheb Phalke award on Sunday: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Veteran actor Shashi Kapoor wi... 
India to gift Bodhi Tree sapling to China, Mongolia: Patna, May 9 (IANS) India will gift a sapling of the sacr... 
Couple killed for witchcraft in Bihar: Patna, May 9 (IANS) An elderly couple has been killed by their neighbou... 
House Speakership: Tinubu’s candidate faces fierce battle with Dogara: Twenty days to the   inauguration of th... 
NAFDAC raises alarm over quality of  packaged water: THE National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and ... 
Jonathan govt, PDP was all about filling their stomachs –  Keyamo: The first thought that would have come to m... 
Saudi Arabia says Yemen ceasefire dependent on rebels: Saudi Arabia says a humanitarian ceasefire it has annou... 
No preferred candidate for Senate presidency, says APC: The All Progressives Congress on Friday said it had no... 
Ensure genuine reconciliation, Mark tells Buhari: Senate President, David Mark, on Friday urged the President-... 
Modi to unveil social security schemes in Kolkata: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi will l... 
Women! Don't get 'thinspired' on Facebook: New York, May 9 (IANS) Viewing images of extremely thin women on Fa... 
Next-generation tele-operated robots can be hacked: Washington, May 9 (IANS) If you feel that your car's remot... 
Key Indian equity index ends tad higher amid volatile trading (Weekly Roundup): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) A key Ind... 
Warm Saturday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) It was a warm Saturday morning in the national capital with th... 
He’s not interested in sex anymore: Breaking up is hard to do, especially when you are the one left wondering ... 
At what age could a woman be having the time of her life?: 1 6-A YEAR after her first kiss, at an average age ... 
Buhari’s ministers, lawmakers to get N9bn housing, furniture allowance: Senators and members of the House of R... 
Nepal earthquake: Death toll climbs to 7,912: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) The death toll following the devastating... 
Enyimba just big in name —Giwa Coach: Giwa FC head coach, Tony Bolus has said his side will not comeback empty... 
We’re in the mood to shock you  …..Kwara Utd warn Abia Warriors: Kwara United head coach,Tunde Abdulrahman has... 
Madonna and daughter wore matching outfits to MET after party (photos): 56 year old Madonna wore leather hotpa... 
Modi pays tributes to Gopal Krishna Gokhale: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday ... 
Modi pays tributes to Gopal Krishna Gokhale: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday ... 
2015 Carnival: Lagos issues traffic advice to motorists on road diversion: DUE to the hosting of the 2015 edit... 
2015 Carnival: Lagos issues traffic advice to motorists on road diversion: DUE to the hosting of the 2015 edit... 
I’ll soon return to reclaim my No 1 slot — Lobi goalie: Lobi Stars first choice goalkeeper, Terkaa Melai has e... 
Miss Zimbabwe may lose crown over nude photo allegations: A year after her predecessor quit over a similar sca... 
‘Gift of grace – A sibling’s bond’ was a brainchild of that death in DUBAI!: I remember we saw him at Christma... 
My ultimate ambition is to be governor of Oyo State — 9ICE: I’ve learnt that songs are spiritual, and we as ar... 
Zidane gets coaching license: Paris, May 9 (IANS) Former French international Zinedine Zidane has been granted... 
Khloe Kardashian shows off her hour glass shape (photo): Khloe shared this photo of herself working out in the... 
Adesuwa Onyenokwe: Empowering women through the power of the media: ‘women are good managers because by nature... 
Rio 2016 doping lab set for WADA approval: Rio de Janerio, May 9 (IANS) Brazil's doping control laboratory in ... 
Australian teenager charged with terror plot: Melbourne, May 9 (IANS) A 17-year-old Australian boy was charged... 
Nadal progresses to Madrid Open semis: Madrid, May 9 (IANS) Home favourite Rafael Nadal eased into the semi-fi... 
Of dating sites and faceless lovers: While on a visit to my younger brother’s place two weeks ago, a couple of... 
Real Madrid must regroup vs. Valencia to keep their La Liga title hopes alive: After a Champions League loss t... 
Justin Bieber not dating Shanina Shaik: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Singer Justin Bieber and model Shanina Shaik... 
We are ready for handover don’t panic, Amaechi tells Wike: The Rivers State Governor, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, has... 
It’s a disgrace for Igbo to beg Buhari for appointments — Ohanaeze: “As far as the politics of Nigeria is conc... 
Mayweather:  I was called  a wingless  chicken: “Turn the tables — if he would have fought the same type of fi... 
B-I-Z-A-R-R-E How 19-yr-old drop-out hypnotizes women with strange ring: Detectives attached to Nsukka Area Co... 
IGP sets up monitoring teams to check police performance: Acting Inspector-General of Police, Solomon Ehigiato... 
Bayern Munich must use Augsburg match to get back on track: The ESPN FC panel discuss exactly how good of a ma... 
Pentagon ups alert level at military bases in US: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The Pentagon decided to raise t... 
If Buhari does not step on toes he will fail – Nkire: Though he belongs to the Board of Trustees of the All Pr... 
I’ll allow LGs to manage own funds — El-Rufai: Kaduna state Governor-elect, Malam Nasir El-Rufa’i, says his go... 
Tyga finds Kylie more mature than most adults: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Rapper Tyga reportedly thinks 17-year... 
The freshers guide to campus life: The sad fate of students, who have been unable to complete their tertiary e... 
Mayweather: I won’t fight Pacquiao again: Floyd Mayweather says he will not fight Manny Pacquiao again after b... 
House maid hacks master to death in Enugu: A 65-year-old beer parlour operator, Agnes Elue residing at No 293B... 
Pacquiao’s undoing was worrying about being countered  —Mayweather’s dad: I felt that Floyd was playing with h... 
Day Africa Magic feted movie stars in Enugu: Africa Magic, the continent’s leading provider of world class Afr... 
Inter open door for Balotelli return: Inter Vice-President Javier Zanetti has opened the door to Mario Balotel... 
Nobody can defend against Messi – Moyes: Real Sociedad head coach David Moyes has followed Pep Guardiola in cl... 
Uruguay can cope without Suarez– Forlan: Uruguay must look to minimize the impact of Luis Suarez’s absence at ... 
Arsenal won’t sell Walcott – Wenger: Arsene Wenger said he is confident Theo Walcott will sign a new contract ... 
It’s my time to honour Gerrard – Mourinho: Jose Mourinho has paid tribute to Steven Gerrard ahead of the Liver... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
North Korea test-fires strategic ballistic missile: Pyongyang, May 9 (IANS) North Korea has successfully test-... 
2016: Olympics: Mali pull out of Falcons clash: Nigeria on Friday sealed their place in the next round of the ... 
Stakeholders decry state Lagos stadium gyms: Stakeholders have decried the state of the gymnasiums at the Nati... 
We’re ready for Shooting Stars – Sunshine: Sunshine Stars defender Mutiu Adegoke says he expects a tough match... 
Kitova stops Serena: Serena Williams’s stunning 27-match winning streak was snapped in resounding fashion by P... 
Iheanacho can be our Messi – Taribo: Taribo West believes Manchester City wonderkid Kelechi Iheanacho has   th... 
Marital red flags: In marriage counselling, sometimes it looks like you are moving round in circles. The same ... 
Boko Haram: Army recovers video recordings  from Sambisa: The Defence headquarters yesterday confirmed that af... 
Anti-graft war can only succeed with the media, NUJ tells Buhari: The Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, has a... 
Mu’azu should borrow a leaf from British Labour Party leader — Fayose: Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose... 
Adeboye to pray for Buhari, Jonathan in Abuja tomorrow: President Goodluck Jonathan and his successor-in-waiti... 
Obi Osotule fights human trafficking through film: ‘St. Mary’, a 110-minute film, centres on the negative impl... 
Pacquiao is a coward – Mayweather: Floyd Mayweather has branded Manny Pacquiao a “sore loser” and a coward and... 
Court decides Kashamu’s extradition suit May 27: A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has fixed May 27, 2015 ... 
I will soon join a club – Awoniyi: Flying Eagles star striker Taiwo Awoniyi has said he will decide the club t... 
Ex-AFN chief backs Okagbare: Former Vice-President of the Athletics Federation of Nigeria Elias Gora says Bles... 
LMC warns Rangers, 3SC, Enyimba: The League Management Company on Friday warned Enugu Rangers, Enyimba and Sho... 
US labels Al Jazeera bureau chief as Al Qaeda member: Washington, May 9 (IANS) The US government has labelled ... 
Reynolds, Lively find life as parents chaotic: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Star couple Blake Lively and Ryan Rey... 
N20 collection reduces the dignity of police —IGP: The new Acting Inspector General of Police,Solomon Arase ha... 
See yourself as President of Nigeria, not APC, Onaiyekan tells Buhari: AHEAD of the for- mal handing over to t... 
Ejike Asiegbu gets royal blessing from Olu of Warri  …becomes CISLAC Ambassador: Nollywood actor Ejike Asiegbu... 
Airtel endorses Desperate Housewives Africa: In line with its commitment to support platforms aimed at uplifti... 
Boko Haram’s video materials recovred  in Sambisa: The Nigerian Army on Friday said that as terrorists continu... 
NSCDC officials shoot 20 Keke operators in Imo: Trigger-happy Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps offici... 
Man stabs girlfriend to death, attempts suicide: A 40-year-old man identified only as James has stabbed his gi... 
Arepo residents petition NNPC over fuel theft: Residents of Arepo in Obafemi Owode Local Government Area of Og... 
Two die mysteriously in Imo hotel: Residents of Edede, Owerri in Imo State on Friday woke up to behold the mys... 
Community petitions Plateau assembly over Wase killings: Taroh community in Jos North has written a petition t... 
Washington asks China to examine alleged cyber attacks against US: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The US asked C... 
Nigerian govt should show interest in childhood cancer –Prof. Temiye: Prof. Edamisan Temiye is a paediatric ha... 
Baby cancer victims’ parents lament: Our lives are filled with anguish: There was a sharp contrast between the... 
Terrorism: N/East senators demand development commission: Senators-elect from the North-East have demanded the... 
Let’s reform education, economy will develop—Kasumu: Basically, if the root is strong the branches will flouri... 
Frills and thrills of Star Trek in Calabar … As Abakaliki rocks tonight: The inaugural leg of this year’s Star... 
Imoke  says he is not  interested in becoming  National Chairman of PDP: SENATOR Liyel Imoke, the Cross River ... 
The multi-billion Naira Constitution Amendment, a wasted effort?: AS controversy continues to surround the ong... 
Unionism not about banging tables: Comrade Oyinkan Olasanoye  is the model changing the face of unionism in Ni... 
ACF, Ohanaeze, ARG reiterate call for state police: The Arewa Consultative Forum, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and the Afen... 
I attend four parties almost every weekend: Prince Demola Adunola is the youngest president of the Ikeja Club.... 
Focus on delivering campaign promises, PDP tells APC: The Peoples Democratic Party on Friday described Thursda... 
Senate Presidency: South West APC endorses Lawan: The South West caucus of the All Progressives Congress in th... 
Fayose, labour conspiracy won’t stop impeachment –APC: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has said t... 
Chelsea chasing Everton's 'defender of the future' John Stones: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses some of the s... 
Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson's 'strained' relationship: London, May 9 (IANS) Singer Harry Styles has reported... 
80-yr old grandma in prison over land matter: Residents of Abule-Foli village in Igando-Orudu area of Ibeju-Le... 
Of Names and Titles and Caricatures: Idi Amin was sick. He sought to be officially addressed as “ His excellen... 
The xenophobic attacks spell  one thing: Failure: A close interaction with Kunle as he is fondly called by man... 
Toni Payne cooked rice for us while recording ‘Once Beaten, Twice Shy’ — ID Cabasa: To say that ID Cabasa is a... 
An evening of excellence as Christopher Kolade  rewards classical  musicians: It was an evening of excellence ... 
Norwegian court sentences three for alleged links to IS: Oslo, May 9 (IANS) A Norwegian court has sentenced th... 
Lol. Man steals jewelry at gunpoint but brings It back because it was fake: A Miami man, Daniel Sion Palmer, 2... 
Victoria Kimani – “Loving You” ft. Ice Prince: Sing! Victoria Sing! Kenyan belle Victoria Kimani of Chocolate ... 
Alamieyeseigha denies eyeing Dickson’s job: A former Bayelsa State Governor, Chief Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, ha... 
Money laundering: Obasanjo Foundation fires CEO: The Olusegun Obasanjo Foundation has sacked its London-based ... 
Former EKSUTH boss, wife kidnapped in Ado-Ekiti: Kidnappers again struck in Ado Ekiti on Thursday, abducting a... 
Strike looms in states over unpaid salaries: There are indications that workers in states which owe salaries w... 
Dangote cannot afford to buy Arsenal football club: You have sold some shares and you’ve got some money to spe... 
Jonathan, president’s men and PDP NWC: A popular Nigerian rapper, Eedris Abdulkareem, drew the ire of former P... 
When the bride price is too high for him to pay: There are different wedding traditions which are observed by ... 
Presh makes new statement with luxurious Infinity: Precious John may not be a popular name in the Nigerian ent... 
Nigerians who cross racial lines to find love share exciting stories: Marriage is part of society’s life style... 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 
Pele post-surgery tests show no tumors, says hospital: SAO PAULO -- Brazilian doctors say tests conducted on P... 
Mandzukic and Torres' Atletico future could be under pressure: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno explains why he does... 
Guardiola a success or failure at Bayern?:  
Meek Mill Celebrates His 28th Birthday With Nicki Minaj In Hawaii (Photos): Nicki Minaj and beau  Meek Mill vi... 
Four die in small plane crash on US highway: Atlanta, May 9 (IANS/EFE) A small plane crashed on one of the bus... 
Somerhalder loved Reed 'from the start': Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Actor Ian Somerhalder reportedly fell in lo... 
Syria, Venezuela have world's highest violent death rates: Geneva, May 9 (IANS/EFE) Nearly 25 percent of all v... 
Four die in small plane crash on US highway: Atlanta, May 9 (IANS/EFE) A small plane crashed on one of the bus... 
VIDEO: T-Obay – “Onye” ft. Selebobo: Chiggzy Entertainment presents the visuals to T-obays second single title... 
Wase killing: Tarok people send protest letter to Plateau State Assembly: The Tarok ethnic tribe of Plateau st... 
NCC, security agencies collaborate to frustrate kidnapping: The Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC says, ... 
River LG Polls: Group threatens legal action against RSIEC: A group has threatened to take legal action agains... 
Buhari needs the Support of all to Succeed— Imansuangbon: FORMER gubernatorial aspirant on the platform of the... 
Nigerians sef! Sound Sultan asked for 2,000 retweets hours ago, see what they are doing to him instead: Choi! ... 
Jose Mourinho hails Lionel Messi: 'A team with that boy is a different team': For all the differences in philo... 
Theo James to endorse Hugo Boss' fragrance: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Actor Theo James is the latest face of H... 
US justice department to probe Baltimore police: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The US Department of Justice wil... 
Femi Fani-Kayode thinks PDP NWC members should resign: Femi Fani-Kayode thinks the PDP National Working Commit... 
Jailed Malaysian opposition leader’s wife wins his seat: The wife of jailed Malaysian opposition leader Anwar ... 
Coco Austin and her sister's Yoga moves are off the chain (photos): It's called AcroYoga and sometimes the sis... 
Imo Tribunal Receives 38 Election Petitions: The Election Petition Tribunal in Imo state says it has received ... 
PayAttitude works with your phone to enable easy and convenient transactions: Nigeria’s top innovations compan... 
Louis van Gaal yet to convert Man United possession into points: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advoca... 
Saudi offers Houthis five-day truce starting next Tuesday: Paris, May 9 (IANS/EFE) Saudi Arabia offered the Sh... 
Fayose asks Mu’azu to resign the way British LP, Liberal Democrats leaders’ did: Press statement from Ekiti st... 
Nigerian man jailed for 2 years for driving into police officer in the UK: A 22 year old Nigerian man, Michael... 
FG recalls Perm Secs, directors from leave: THE federal government has recalled all Permanent Secretaries and ... 
Re-strategise, build a strong opposition ahead of 2019, Ekiyor tells PDP: FORMER National President of Ijaw Yo... 
Jonathan hails Cameron on British election victory: President Goodluck Jonathan has congratulated Prime Minist... 
Adegun, ex-CMD,  EKSUTH, wife kidnapped: THE former Chief Medical Director of the Ekiti State Teaching Hospita... 
Satchmo’s Jazzfest 2015: Celebrating our roots in jazz: In line with UNESCO’s setting of April 30 aside as Wor... 
Chris Brown's alleged stalker formally charged with 3 felonies: Chris Brown's stalker Amira Ayeb from Tunisia ... 
Allegri has instilled Champions League confidence at Juventus: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri was pleas... 
Bruce Jenner borrows gowns from former wife: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Former athlete and TV personality Bruce... 
EU leaders congratulate PM Cameron on re-election: Brussels, May 9 (IANS) European leaders expressed their eag... 
Pakistan denies as 'bogus' Taliban claim of shooting down chopper: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) Pakistan dismissed ... 
Ciara shares adorable pic with her son in celebration of Mother's Day: Singer Ciara, shared this adorable pict... 
Four Nigerians win as Cameron retains British Premiership: Four Nigerians won their elections to the Westminst... 
Abia sets 15-man Transition Committee: ABIA State Governor,  Chief Theodore Orji yesterday inaugurated a 15-ma... 
Group wants Dogara as Speaker of 8th Assembly: AS the agitation for the position of the speaker of the 8th Nat... 
LASG to generate N1b from 2015 Lagos State Carnival:  Mr Adeogun Adeola, the Chief Organiser of 2015 Lagos Sta... 
C&amp;S spiritual leader urges Nigerians not to relent in prayers:  Most Rev. Samuel Abidoye, Spiritual leader, Ch... 
Supreme Court sets aside Appeal Court’s verdict on Okoye brothers: The Supreme Court on Friday set aside the C... 
Zamfara Assembly investigates majority leader’s alleged fight with driver over woman: Zamfara House of Assembl... 
Pics: Buhari attends Jumaat Prayers at Mambila Mosque in Abuja: The president-elect attended Jumaat prayers at... 
Unbeatable CompTIA Exams promo!: New Horizons is the world's largest independent  IT and Business Skills Train... 
Beyonce's fans drag Serbian popstar so much, she begs them to stop: The Bey Hives  have been dragging Jelena K... 
PSG six points clear behind Cavani hat-trick, Ibrahimovic brace: Paris St. Germain took a giant leap towards r... 
Everton's European dilemma front and center in Premier League's final weeks: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross D... 
Fayose asks Mu'azu to resign the way British LP, Liberal Democrats leaders' did: Press statement from Ekiti st... 
PDP reacts to APC’s claims on transition committee:  The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described as diver... 
Why I shunned appeal to join APC —Onuesoke: Delta State People’s  Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Sunn... 
Blood bath looms at Onitsha market over election delay: Blood bath is now looming at the Bridgehead market, On... 
Enugu govt crisis: Peace pact collapses: BY FRANCIS IGATA The lingering crisis  rocking the Enugu State  House... 
VIDEO: U-Games – “Jealous Lover”: YBE Musik act returns after several months hiatus with the official video to... 
Yemenis ordered to leave Saada province: The Arab coalition carried out air strikes on Friday in Yemen’s Saada... 
'Happily ever after' doesn't happen in real life: Taylor Swift: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Singer Taylor Swift ... 
Don’t quit: The previous year had been a year of tremendous great grace for majority of people while some will... 
Former Ekiti Teaching Hospital CMD, wife kidnapped: The former Chief Medical Director of the Ekiti State Teach... 
Toke Makinwa tries blue hair and stuns in it (photos): The media personality just unveiled her new blue hair. ... 
Violent protest hits Kurdish city in Iran: Several people were reportedly hurt in a northwestern city of Iran ... 
Burundi protesters announce one-day truce: Protestors demonstrating against Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziz... 
BTS VIDEO: Skales – “Always” ft. Davido: Baseline General, Skales has released never before seen footage of hi... 
Will FIFA's new passport eligibility rules have the desired effect?: Will the new rules avoid future situation... 
Why did she break up with me: Breaking up is hard to do, especially when you are the one left wondering what w... 
Hollande congratulates British PM on election victory: Paris, May 9 (IANS) French president Francois Hollande ... 
Stage set up for Modi event collapses in Raipur, 55 injured: Raipur, May 8 (IANS) A large stage erected for Pr... 
I-League: Shillong hold Bengaluru at home: Shillong, May 8 (IANS) Shillong Lajong FC ended Bengaluru FC's five... 
Nearly 7,000 dead in Ukraine conflict: president Poroshenko: Kiev, May 9 (IANS/EFE) Ukrainian President Petro ... 
“Depay Is Just Like Messi” – Van Gaal: Louis van Gaal has likened Memphis Depay to Lionel Messi by claiming th... 
VIDEO: “Stop playing n*ggas I used to f*ck” – Amber Rose throws shade at Kanye West: At recent club event wher... 
‘You’re not a tested Christian until you have lived in the north” – Pastor Adeboye:   This twitter handle is c... 
Mu’azu should resign as UK’s Miliband, Clegg, says Fayose: Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has justifi... 
There has never been any fight between me and Fashola – Tinubu: There has never been any fight between me and ... 
Military recovers video recordings of Boko Haram: The Director, Defence Information, Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade... 
A team of two countries:  
Emmanuel Adebayor’s sister fires back, calls him liar, says the family is done with him: Three days ago, footb... 
Fayose Asks Mu’azu To Follow Example Of UK Party Leaders: The Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, has des... 
Reconcile aggrieved Nigerians, Mark tells Buhari: The Senate President, David Mark, has urged the president-el... 
LASG to introduce “Wellness Week”, says Gov’s aide: Dr Yewande Adeshina, the Special Adviser to Gov. Babatunde... 
Fayose preaches peace as gunmen abduct ex-medical director, wife: Kidnappers again struck in Ado Ekiti on Thur... 
Imoke denies scheming to replace Mu’azu: Cross River State Governor Liyel Imoke has denied reports that he is ... 
Resign, emulate British Labour leader, Fayose tells Mu’azu: Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose, has descr... 
Jose Mourinho could field a young Chelsea side in Gerrard farewell: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho credits Stev... 
Opposition Congress joins Nagaland's ruling alliance: Kohima, May 8 (IANS) The Nagaland legislative assembly w... 
No reservation in armed forces: Parrikar: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) There is no proposal under consideration for... 
Notice to publisher on Pachauri's plea for blanking coverage: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The Delhi High Court on ... 
Rahul meets AICC secretaries; discusses organisational matters: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Congress vice-presiden... 
Bopanna in Madrid Open semis, Paes, Mirza lose: Madrid, May 8 (IANS) Though stars Leander Paes and Sania Mirza... 
Plateau Assembly Members Get Certificate Of Return: Elected members to the Plateau state House of Assembly hav... 
Police arrest photographer’s killers, suspected robbers in Gombe: Gombe State Police Command on Friday paraded... 
Court decides Kashamu’s anti-extradition suit May 27: A Federal High Court in Lagos has fixed May 27, 2015 to ... 
Four killed in US plane crash: All the four people onboard a small plane were killed Friday when it crashed on... 
IS claims bombing on Shiite mosque in Iraq: The Islamic State group claimed responsibility for a bomb attack o... 
Obiano woos US investors for Anambra oil, gas: Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, has taken his sear... 
Photo: Wizkid shares lovely new pic with Tania Omotayo: Nice looking couple! 
Muslims, Christians In Kaduna Call For NNPC Probe: Muslim and Christian members of the APC have called on the ... 
Ode-Irele Strange Ailment Curtailed – Ondo Health Commissioner: The strange ailment that broke out in Ode-Irel... 
Court suspends Salman Khan’s 5-year prison sentence: A Bombay high court today suspended the five year prison ... 
“There has never been a fight between me and Fashola” – Bola Tinubu: Former Governor of Lagos state, Bola Tinu... 
Can Moyes do it again against Barcelona?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Tommy Smyth preview Real Sociedad's c... 
Miguel Herrera goes to Disney World: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes around with Mickey Mouse at Disney... 
Inter Milan, Monaco among 10 clubs to reach UEFA FFP deals: #INSERT type:image caption:Roma were among 10 club... 
Haryana achieves 98 percent wheat procurement target: Chandigarh, May 8 (IANS) Haryana has achieved over 98 pe... 
A crammed schedule in PM's maiden Bengal trip: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Narendra Modi would begin his maiden trip... 
Tiger kills forest guard in Ranthambore: Jaipur, May 8 (IANS) A tiger killed a forest guard in Ranthambore Nat... 
Sovan Chattejee becomes Kolkata mayor for second time: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Sovan Chatterjee on Friday took o... 
Odisha CM urges centre to approve NIMHANS like institute: Bhubaneswar, May 8 (IANS) Odisha Chief Minister Nave... 
Benin at War Over its Heritage!: That was the situation in 1897 when the British invaded the Benin Kingdom, an... 
: The Naira on Friday remained stable against some major international currencies at the official and parallel... 
Jonathan says Nigeria owes Shonekan for contributions to national development: President Goodluck Jonathan on ... 
FG orders verification of workers’ certificates: The Federal Government has directed that a verification and r... 
Fayose, labour conspiracy wont stop impeachment – APC: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has said t... 
Lol. Amber Rose comes for Kanye's neck, says he doesn't write his songs: Looks like Amber Rose is not done tak... 
Photos: Lagos Governor's official residence undergoes renovation for incoming governor: Lagos state Governor's... 
FG To Start Screening University Certificates Obtained Abroad: The Executive Secretary of the National Univers... 
You're not a tested Christian until you have lived in the north - Pastor Adeboye: This twitter handle is conne... 
Kylie Jenner says she's 'high as f***' in new video as Tyga's grandma says she approves of their relationship:... 
Police promote 632 senior officers: The Police Service Commission has approved the promotion of 632 senior Pol... 
I remain speaker of Enugu Assembly, Odoh insists: The Speaker of the Enugu State House of Assembly, Hon. Eugen... 
Nigeria cannot afford humanitarian crisis – ICRC: The International Committee of the Red Cross has declared th... 
British parliament gets youngest MP since 1667: London, May 8 (IANS) A 20-year-old student belonging to the Sc... 
Wife among four held for murdering man: Gurgaon, May 8 (IANS) A woman and her paramour were arrested here for ... 
Four Delhi Jal Board officials arrested on graft charges: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Four employees of the Delhi ... 
Ajanta Pharma net up 20 percent in Q4: Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Drug major Ajanta Pharma Ltd has posted Rs.84 cror... 
Delhi government threatens action against media organisations: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Rebutting media reports... 
There has never been a fight between me and Fashola - Bola Tinubu: Former Governor of Lagos state, Bola Tinubu... 
Mercy Johnson sets her sights on box office dominance: She's the sweet actress adored by many, from the film p... 
President Jonathan Congratulates Cameron, Conservatives On British Election Victory: The Nigerian President, D... 
FLAT NO 3B (3): One is loneliness, two is companionship but three they say is a crowd. Flat 3B had undergone t... 
Photos: Khloe Kardashian gets cellulite lasered off her butt: When you have money, you can do whatever you lik... 
Jonathan felicitates with Shonekan, Nwobodo: President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday felicitated with a former H... 
Court remands man, 38, for raping 8-year-old girl: An Ota Magistrates’ Court in Ogun State on Friday remanded ... 
Messi's best-ever form? Real Madrid's chances vs. Juventus? La Liga strike?: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe praises Lionel... 
Jose Mourinho wanted Steven Gerrard at Real Madrid and Inter Milan: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho has said he tried ... 
Photos from Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede's burial: The Classic FM presenter died on Sunday May 3rd and was buried ... 
EC to have independent campus for IIIDEM: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The Election Commission (EC) will set up an ... 
Set up panel to review terror cases, cleric urges Modi: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Jamiat Ulema-i-Hind chief Maul... 
Saudi warning before bombing Yemen province: Riyadh, May 8 (IANS) The Saudi-led coalition warned on Friday tha... 
'Jan Suraksha schemes to help eliminate Jan Dhan's zero balance accounts': Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) The Jan Surak... 
BJP to apprise PM about Bengal blast: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Pressing for an NIA probe into the Pingla blast th... 
Rescued Ethiopians in Libya arrive in Cairo: A group of Ethiopians freed from Islamic militant kidnappers in L... 
EFCC Induct New Members: The Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Lamorde ... 
Photo: Nigeria's president-elect's convoy: Gen. Buhari's convoy as it made its way to the Defence House in Abu... 
Court suspends Salman Khan's 5-year prison sentence: A Bombay high court today suspended the five year prison ... 
Student, other die in Imo hotel: Residents of Edede, Owerri in Imo State, on Friday, woke up to hear the news ... 
Jonathan congratulates Cameron on electoral victory: President Goodluck Jonathan on Friday congratulated Prime... 
I won’t dictate to Ikpeazu, Orji pledges: Governor Theodore Orji of Abia State has pledged he will not dictate... 
Check out the 'Damilohun' video by Sly that everyone is talking about: Born and bred in Lagos, Sly is a versat... 
4,000 Nigerians Return From Republic Of Niger: Over 4,000 Nigerian have returned from the Republic of Niger wh... 
Conservative Party Wins UK Elections: The Conservative Party has won the UK elections after securing 326 seats... 
Four Nigerians Win British Parliament Seats:  Four Nigerians have won seats in the British parliament to repre... 
Zoning Formulas &amp; Our Polity - By Charly Boy: Article written by Charly Boy. Read below and share your thought... 
SNP’s Mhairi Black becomes Britain’s youngest lawmaker since 1667 after defeating Douglas Alexander: Mhairi Bl... 
SHOCKING VIDEO: Obasanjo Foundation CEO Boasts About Extensive Money-Laundering Scheme On His Behalf: A new vi... 
Modi congratulates Cameron on poll victory: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday con... 
Man fined Rs.5,000 for burning leaves: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) An employee of the Meghalaya House here has pai... 
Phir Ek Baar, Cameroon Sarkar, tweets Modi: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday con... 
Four held for looting taxi in Gurgaon: Gurgaon, May 8 (IANS) Four people were arrested here for robbing a taxi... 
Goa's 'missing' ex-minister approaches SC, seeks more time to surrender: Panaji, May 8 (IANS) Goa's convicted ... 
Photos from the foiled bomb attack in Potiskum today: Some photos from the foiled bomb attack that occurred at... 
FIFA Ranking: Nigeria Still 45th As Algeria Rules Africa; Germany Still World Best: The Federation of Internat... 
MUSIC: Hurricane – Black Frank White Ft Oge: Hurricane makes a swift return after dropping remember with this ... 
“One in every 2 women of reproductive age suffer anaemia in Nigeria” – Nutrition Society Of Nigeria: Nigeria f... 
Photos: Pamela Anderson steps out without a bra: Want to get a little attention? Go out bra-less. Ms Anderson ... 
(SPONSORED) Leke Pitan’s face-saving PR stunt: I was amused to read the story in the Punch of May 7, 2015, whe... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: The ESPN FC crew debate which league can be... 
Premier League, La Liga or another -- which league is harder to win?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but ... 
Man City will learn from past mistakes on Yaya Toure's birthday - Pellegrini: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Dortmund seeking to boost league prospects with Europa League at stake: Ilkay Gundogan is set to follow Jurgen... 
SERAP Asks FG To Provide Medicare For Pregnant Boko Haram Hostages: The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountabili... 
Norway, Philippines envoys among seven dead in Pakistan chopper crash: Islamabad, May 8 (IANS) The ambassadors... 
Government keeping 'close watch' on country's security concerns: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The government keeps ... 
Shiamak 'shocked' by sexual abuse allegations: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Ace choreographer Shiamak Davar is shoc... 
BJP MP moves privilege notice against Rahul Gandhi(Lead Correcting Last Para): New Delhi. May 8 (IANS) A Bhara... 
USAID announces $1.5 mn award for SEWA: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The US Agency for International Development (U... 
Tonto Dikeh shares new photo with her man, Mr X: She's back to hiding his face...:-) 
Major UK fashion brand, New Look, now live &amp; exclusive on Jumia!: Fashion  trends come and go, but some Fashio... 
Cameron wins British election with slim majority: British Prime Minister David Cameron’s Conservative party lo... 
China raises cigarette tax to deter smoking: China will more than double the tax on tobacco to 11 percent, the... 
Late Classic FM OAP Slyvester 'Sly' Ojigbede buried: Late Classic FM 97.3 presenter Slyvester Ojigbede popular... 
South African Man Raped at Gunpoint by 3 Women: A 33-year-old South African man was raped at gunpoint by three... 
VIDEO: Wizkid’s Performance at Industry Nite, Houston: Wizkid rocked Industry Nite, Houston edition on May 6 2... 
PHOTO: Eight-Year-Old Boy Smuggled Across Border In Suitcase: Police found an eight-year-old Ivorian boy hidde... 
Actor Femi Jacobs releases new promo pics as he turns a year older: One of Nollywood's most sought after actor... 
“Focus On Delivering Campaign Promises”, PDP tells APC …Cautions APC On Being Boastful And Arrogant: May 8, 20... 
Nasri ruled out for Man City but Kompany and Toure return from injury: MANCHESTER -- Samir Nasri will miss the... 
Carlo Ancelotti: Gareth Bale and Real Madrid will recover form: Carlo Ancelotti has backed Gareth Bale and the... 
This Chris Brown home intruder is crazy sha! And she's African!: The crazy chic who broke into Chris Brown's h... 
Temperatures soar in Himachal: Shimla, May 8 (IANS) The hills of Himachal Pradesh on Friday continued to exper... 
Salman case shows VIPs can avoid jail: Bedi: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The bail given to Bollywood star Salman K... 
Cameron's Conservatives defy forecasts, win British polls (Roundup): London, May 8 (IANS) Defying all predicti... 
Key Indian equity index stages 500-point recovery (Roundup): Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Recovering from a three-day ... 
Competition Commission probing Google in four cases: Jaitley: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) The Competition Commissi... 
Skellybeatz – “Say Yes” ft. Dizzy Daystop: Skellybeatz, the producer behind the hit single “Sistah” by Rexx fe... 
VIDEO: Ycee – “Condo” ft. Patoranking: After dropping the audio for the infectious club tune “Condo”, YCEE qui... 
LASPOTECH: Controversy shrouds appointment of Rector: The appointment of a rector for the Lagos State Polytech... 
UK Labour Party leader Ed Miliband resigns after election defeat:  
Woman smuggles eight-year-old to Spain in suitcase:   Police found an eight-year-old Ivorian boy hidden in a s... 
Update from Nigeria Police on foiled bomb attack in Potiskum: Here is an update from the Nigerian police on  t... 
Hunter: Messi raises his own bar vs. Bayern:  
Arsene Wenger has plenty to ponder amid doubts over Ramsey's fitness: Arsene Wenger says he is delighted with ... 
Memphis Depay 'goal-scoring winger' like Lionel Messi - Louis van Gaal: Manchester United manager Louis van Ga... 
UBA and MasterCard Reward Cardholder with Priceless Holiday Experience in Dubai:  UBA is known to offer freebi... 
Amazing story of how a mother re-united with the son she left behind in Boko Haram camp: Margaret, a mother of... 
$242m fraud: Appeal Court reserves judgment on Nwude’s assets: The Lagos Division of the Court of Appeal, on T... 
Gunman opens fire on Yobe school, injures 12: A gunman opened fire on Friday outside a school in northeast Nig... 
WAITING (14): Stanley woke up and looked at the time, it was 2:13a.m. He got up and eased himself. Coming back... 
Man United's Michael Carrick sidelined for remainder of campaign: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick... 
Time for Ndigbo to face and accept reality: ELECTIONS 2015, came with some realities that are difficult to be ... 
Refugees who fled Boko Haram still fear returning home: Fanta Adamu thinks she's more than 80 years old but is... 
Ghanaian man dresses in a suit to sell water melon on the streets: Pictured above is Daniel Nartey, a Ghanaian... 
UK Independence Party leader resigns: London, May 8 (IANS) Nigel Farage on Friday resigned as leader of the UK... 
Rishi Kapoor stays put on Twitter, tweets on: Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor, who was contemp... 
Finance ministers want to review GST in other countries: Thiruvananthapuram, May 8 (IANS) The two-day meeting ... 
Spanish Football League to take legal action over players' strike: Madrid, May 8 (IANS) The Spanish Football L... 
Britain polls: Conservative Party on verge of absolute majority: London, May 8 (IANS) British Prime Minister D... 
Unlawful detention of two sisters: Just got this sad email from a LIB reader. Things like this just make me so... 
Boomerang – “Temi Ni” ft. Yemi Alade: Boomerang of Workerman Entertainment is back with another smahing new si... 
GEJ Trekker’s Female Companion Quits | He Continues Journey Without Her: Wadup NG brought you the news that Ol... 
Jobberman Free CV Evaluation Continues.: Have you uploaded your CV for a free evaluation? You still have time.... 
Emmanuel Adebayor's sister fires back, calls him liar, says the family is done with him: Three days ago, footb... 
Eight-year-old smuggled to Spain in suitcase – police: Police found an eight-year-old Ivorian boy hidden in a ... 
Photos: Meet General Buhari's beautiful daughter, Safina Buhari: Meet Safina Buhari, the beautiful daughter of... 
Bus employees continue strike in Andhra, Telangana: Hyderabad, May 8 (IANS) Public road transport services in ... 
South Korean firms urged to invest in India: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Saying that it was not only "looking East... 
Banks must follow rules for insurance policy: unions: Chennai, May 8 (IANS) Unions in the banking sector have ... 
Wanted to look like a star at National awards: Kangana: Kolkata, May 8 (IANS) Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut... 
Smart policing is the need of the hour: Sonowal: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Expressing concern over the state of ... 
Zona – “Ghetto” ft. Ruffcoin: Zona the fast rising singer from south east is at it again after dropping the ev... 
Kogi CJ decries youth population in prisons over cultism: The Chief Judge of Kogi, Justice Nasir Ajanah, has d... 
Tribunal orders inspection of ballot papers in Akpabio’s election: The National and State Houses of Assembly E... 
Six workers injured in Greek refinery fire: Six workers were injured Friday when a fire broke out at an oil re... 
NLC Factional Leader Demands Investigation Into Controversial Election: The factional President of the Nigeria... 
I know he's married, but that doesn't mean we can't look! (photos): Women, make una help me see better thing t... 
Photo: Some Nigerians forced out of Niger Republic arrive Nigeria: Photo above shows Nigerians arriving Giedam... 
Breaking news: Three students killed, 20 injured as Boko Haram attacks Yobe School: Three students were killed... 
Why Next Senate President should be Christian: At a time when the alleged  acrimonious campaign to Islamise Ni... 
Liverpool didn't want Memphis Depay - Brendan Rodgers: LIVERPOOL -- Brendan Rodgers insists that he was never ... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge to miss start of next season after surgery: LIVERPOOL -- Liverpool manager Brenda... 
Arsene Wenger optimistic Theo Walcott will extend Arsenal deal: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger said he is confident T... 
Suicide bomber attacks College of Administrative Studies in Yobe: A suicide bomber and a group of men suspecte... 
Gunman opens fire in Bauchi, injures 6 students: A gunman opened fire on students after walking into a high sc... 
PHOTO: Ghana’s suited and booted watermelon seller – find out why he dresses to impress: Daniel Nartey really ... 
PHOTOS: Pres. Jonathan inspects the Musa Yar’Adua Express road: May 7th, President Jonathan inspected the Musa... 
Manny Pacquaio mocks Floyd Mayweather in new pic: Mayweather was arrested and jailed for domestic violence for... 
OPEC daily basket price closes lower: Vienna, May 8 (IANS/WAM) The basket of 12 crude oils of the Organisation... 
'Government should reduce financial burden on oil firms': New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) With lower global crude oil ... 
Nepal receiving less foreign aid: UN: Kathmandu, May 8 (IANS) The United Nations said on Friday that Nepal is ... 
Four more aftershocks jolt Nepal: Kathmandu, May 8 (IANS) Four more tremors, including one measuring 5 on the ... 
Infiltration bid foiled on LoC in Poonch, guerrilla killed: Jammu, May 8 (IANS) The Indian Army on Friday kill... 
LV Speedy vs Longchamp Pliage?: Dress like a future Queen or a Hollywood icon…and the best part is, you can ge... 
Modenine – “Smiling Faces” ft. Ikechukwu (Prod by Kraftmatiks): The 8th day of #30DaysOfModenine comes with “S... 
Pakistan helicopter carrying foreign diplomats crashes: A Pakistani military helicopter carrying foreign diplo... 
South African man raped at gun point by 3 women so they could steal his sperm: A South Africa man has told how... 
Sergio Aguero would rather win title with Man City than the Golden Boot: Sergio Aguero has set his sights on f... 
Barcelona's Neymar grateful for Lionel Messi penalty gesture: Neymar says he will never forget the generosity ... 
Mario Gotze sorry after criticism for joking with Marc-Andre ter Stegen: Bayern Munich midfielder Mario Gotze ... 
I haven't been with another woman since I met Toyin Lawani 4 years ago - Lord Triggs: Toyin Lawani's babydaddy... 
Ngige denies rancour in APC over South-East interest: Senator Chris Ngige on Thursday in Abuja denied reports ... 
China echoes Modi, says ready to further promote ties: Beijing, May 8 (IANS) A Chinese foreign ministry spokes... 
Alexandra Daddario to star in 'The Layover': Los Angeles, May 8 (IANS) Actress Alexandra Daddario has joined K... 
Users to be blamed for their less diverse news feed: Facebook: New York, May 8 (IANS) If your Facebook News Fe... 
Liverpool striker Sturridge ruled out for five months: London, May 8 (IANS) Injury-stricken English footballer... 
Manjhi floats new party in Bihar: Patna, May 8 (IANS) Former Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Friday f... 
Four Nigerians win UK parliament seats: Four Nigerians who contested for various seats to represent different ... 
VIDEO: Wizkid’s Performance at Industry Nite, Houston: Wizkid rocked Industry Nite, Houston edition on May 6 2... 
20yr old Mhairi Black wins British Paliarment seat, youngest MP in 300 years: Mhairi Black, 20 years and 238 d... 
20yr old Mhairi Black wins British Paliarment seat, youngest MP in 300 years: Mhairi Black, 20 years and 238 d... 
'A loved one gone forever. How it feels!' late Toba Folade's sister Tolu shares experience: Toba Falode would ... 
Ademola Receives Full Tuition Scholarship From Sheffield Hallam University, UK. You Can Too!: Ademola is from ... 
Gender disparity common in high-income medical education: Washington, May 8 (IANS) If you think gender dispari... 
Norway, Philippines envoys killed in Pakistan chopper crash: Islamabad, May 8 (IANS) The ambassadors of the Ph... 
Salman's jail sentence suspended, B-Town relieved: Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) Along with Salman Khan and his family,... 
Telco staff removing illegal device thrashed in Jammu &amp; Kashmir: Srinagar, May 8 (IANS) Unidentified people in... 
Paes, Mirza lose in Madrid Open: Madrid, May 8 (IANS) Indian tennis players Leander Paes and Sania Mirza both ... 
Suicide Bomber Dies, 7 Injured In Yobe Attack: A suicide bomber suspected to be a member of the Boko Haram ter... 
Danny Rose blossoming into strong left-back option in Spurs defence: Tottenham coach Mauricio Pochettino has b... 
PSG's Edinson Cavani wants centre-forward role; 'no contact' with United: Edinson Cavani has told GQ that Pari... 
Napoli president De Laurentiis: Dnipro had six referees on their side: Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis ... 
All four Nigerians that contested for seats in UK parliament win: Four Nigerians who contested for various sea... 
B-Raiz – “Kilode”: KKTBM rapper B-Raiz keeps gaining momentum and winning the hearts of many music lovers. He ... 
Choc Boi Nation Presents: Koker – “Do Something”: Koker ‘s first contact with Chocolate City was at LAMP House... 
Netanyahu forms new government just ahead of deadline: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held on to hi... 
Cameron close to victory in UK election: British Prime Minister David Cameron’s Conservative Party looks set t... 
Son of legendary highlife singer Victor Olaiya dies at 38: Legendary high-life musician, Dr Victor Olaiya, 84,... 
7,000 Nigerians forced out of Niger republic: 7,000 Nigerians who have been taking refuge in Lake Chad since B... 
Woman narrates how her ‘boyfriend’ lured her into kidnappers den in Ogun: 28 year old woman, names withheld wh... 
Kaduna Residents Seek Alternative Sources As Water Scarcity Persists: Most residents of Kaduna State are scram... 
Lol. Manny Pacquaio mocks Floyd Mayweather in new pic: Haha. Mayweather was arrested and jailed for domestic v... 
Photos: The handshake between Sen. Ndoma 30 years ago &amp; today: Left is Victor Ndoma Egba shaking hands with Ge... 
Don’t abandon my administration’s ongoing projects, Jonathan urges Buhari: AHEAD of the formal handing over to... 
FG orders verification of workers’ certificates: The Federal Government has directed that a verification and r... 
London stock market surges on election resultst: London's stock market surged at the start of trading on Frida... 
Cameron set for UK poll win as Scottish nationalists triumph: Prime Minister David Cameron's Conservatives loo... 
Britain elects first ethnic-Chinese MP: Alan Mak, a former corporate lawyer whose parents emigrated to Britain... 
Photos: Truck currently burning on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway: A truck is currently burning on the Lagos-Ibadan E... 
University of Dundee Alumni Networking Event in Lagos: The University of Dundee invites you to the Sheraton Fo... 
US air strike kills senior al-Qaeda official in Yemen: Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has reported the deat... 
Oba of Lagos threatens to expose those who worked against Buhari during elections: Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu... 
David Cameron wins UK election: David Cameron is on course for an extraordinary victory as ‘shy Tories’ came o... 
Manchester United top list of Premier League's greatest champions: FC TV's Craig Burley believes Jose Mourinho... 
Bournemouth's Harry Arter proud to be a part of stunning promotion to Prem: Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe say... 
Leicester's Nigel Pearson and Villa's Christian Benteke take April awards: Leicester boss Nigel Pearson won th... 
Liverpool turn to Gerrard at Chelsea: Steven Gerrard can make sure his Liverpool impact is felt even in his ab... 
Nigerian immigrant who is HIV positive (Bisi Alimi) offers free hugs to the public: Nigerian gay activist Bisi... 
Parle Products has ovens fired up for premium biscuits: New Delhi, May 8 (IANS) Top snack food maker and confe... 
Sevilla take major stride for Europa League final: Seville (Spain), May 8 (IANS) Spanish football club Sevilla... 
Salman fan attempts suicide outside high court: Mumbai, May 8 (IANS) A fan of Bollywood superstar Salman Khan ... 
Feel sleepy at work? Blame it on depression, obesity: New York, May 8 (IANS) If you feel tired and drowsy the ... 
David Cameron leading in Britain's polls: London, May 8 (IANS) Britain's Conservative Party headed by Prime Mi... 
Photos: Actor Jonah Hill gains massive weight for movie role: 31 year old actor, Jonah Hill was looking heavie... 
This headline on Bisi Alimi though...: Immigrant and HIV positive in once sentence. Looks to me like they don'... 
Multi-party system and the Nigerian factor in a democratic environment: For the purpose of this article, it is... 
Ebola found in man’s eye months after it left blood – report: The Ebola virus has been detected for the first ... 
Wow! I almost forgot! Here are winners of last Monday's Giveaway: Just remembered this morning that I haven't ... 
US begins training Syrian rebels to fight ISIL group: US defence secretary says 90 moderate Syrian rebels have... 
Carlos Sanchez winner puts River Plate past Boca Juniors in Copa Libertadores: A Carlos Sanchez penalty with 1... 
Memphis Depay joined United over Liverpool after Van Gaal talks - sources: Memphis Depay opted to join Manches... 
