“A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.”
“I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.”
"Someone who truly loves you will chase after you no matter what.”
“Be with someone who won't stay mad at you, who can't stand not talking to you, and who's afraid of losing you.”
“Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and best friends at the same time.”
“Most beautiful thing is when you make someone smile, and they try so hard not to smile but they just can't stop smiling”
“When two people really care about each other, they will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.”
“A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.”
“I love getting good night text messages because to me it means I was the last thing on your mind.”
"Study your notes within one day of taking them. Retention rates are 60% higher then!”
“The dumbest thing ever is when you both love each other but aren't together..”
"Love is not about sex, going on fancy dates, or showing off. It’s about  being with a person who makes you happy in a way nobody else can.”
“I just want you to know, that when I picture myself happy, it's with you.”
Is she worth it? Without a doubt, YES! I would rather walk through hell knowing she's mine than be without her even a single day.
"You know the future is really happening when you start feeling scared" 

I don't know about scared - I'm incredibly excited &amp; encouraged
I love where we are, my sweet princess, and I cannot wait to see what is next.  I love you completely, forever and always, no matter what.
Excited, nervous, optimistic, scared, loved, shaking, heart pounding... I really do feel like I am 12.
Our love comes with crosses to bear - for the short term - that will either tear us apart or intertwine us forever. I pray for the latter.
That moment when you are longing to hear from your love and you get a beautiful message to let you know you are being thought of too.
My Endless Love, My Beautiful Princess, My Baby Doll. May 7, 2015 will forever and always be a special day in my heart. No matter what.
Very happy to have someone in my life who refuses to let me screw this up, despite my sometimes blatant stupidity...
Fortunately days don't have to end as badly as they began.  Learned a good life lesson today.
Open your heart and bare your soul to the one you love. Leave yourself completely vulnerable, and live without regret.
You never know what, or who, will change your life for the better. It is ok to follow your heart, with the right person, of course.
Happiness is your heart filled with love - after years of being empty.
