I want to go to Japan to see babymetal live!! 
Oh gawd! Lol 
Hahahaha damn 
I am a hopeless romantic. Hate to admit it, but I fall in love to easily.
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Eh, like the 200th time is the charm. Lol Backstreet Boys - i want it that way 
Anyone have an acoutsic guitar that I can play :)
Dayum. Atlanta is not a place I'm going to visit during the zombie apocalyptic Era lol 
Why do you do this to meeeeeee!?!? Dx I'm going to have to choose jedi. :) 
Check out forever in combat if you into Asking Alexandria, Memphis may fire, etc. Pretty awesome band. 
I don't drink coffee or tea much but I want this lol 
Hahaha goot one 
Naruto back on netflix. It is about time.
Hahaha so cute. This video is funny 
Oh yeah! My boy green ranger kicked ryus ass! Lol 
Haha Nicholas Curley 
You were the chosen one! You were suppose to destroy the elite four! Not faint in front of them. :,(

Lol
Just chillaxin. 
Want them all! :D 
Awesome 
Hi, I'm Tom.
Hell yeah! Some one give me a beer! Lol 
Want one 
Goodnight. Hearing the rain and thunder is sooting.
May the 4th be with you! 
Working on this darn song. 

Backstreet Boys - i want it that way (acoustic cover) 
Any one up for 8 ball pool?
Tried to deactivate my account, but all my app games are synced to my facebook. Haha oops.
This is awesome. I'm getting a cat and a dog lol 
Damn, they should deduct Mayweather's pay out. Ppl did not pay $90 ppv to watch holds and step backs. Haha
Age of ultron for a 2nd time. Yes! This time on the bigger screen. :) — watching Avengers: Age of Ultron at... 

So here I am. 
I'm right back at it again
Just like I've always said.
Your to cool for school. 
I ain't here to... 
I hate how this mkx game has so much similarity to injustice. Hate it so much. &gt;:|
Lol damn. 
Cancer 
Anyone up for mkx. Xbox one?
now you turned this into your fault. Thanks for trying though.
Yessss! :) — watching Avengers: Age of Ultron at Harkins Tempe Marketplace 
I'm gonna do it. Backstreet Boys - I want it that way Acoustic cover lol — listening to I Want It That Way
It's funny when you think about the world of Naruto. That he could have saved the whole ninja world from kaguya... 
Working on this next cover. :) 

Green day - when september ends 
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! \n_n/ 

24/7 breakfast 
Haha awesome 

Txt?
Hmm 
Age of ultron tmrrw at midnight!! Wooo!! — watching Avengers 2
Anyone wanna play some cod, battlefield on Xbox one?
Finally upload a new cover in awhile :) 
She's made it to stardom Nicholas Curley lol 
Lol ah, man. That's hilarious 
Excited for warped tour. First warped tour for me this summer. :)
Lol 
Hahaha just have so much fun with this. 
Hahahahahahahahahahaha. Yeah, bored. 
I posted a new video to Facebook 
Hahaha 
Alright, whatever 100th time is the charm lol 

All time low - remembering sunday (cover) 
Show what is inside, but hide what it is.
Lol I will get married 0 times. Damn. 
I'm behind in both Dx lol 
Who wouldn't want to try hiking this :D 
Attack on titan marathon! Haha — watching Attack on Titan


Oooooooh, reeeeeaaaheheallyyyy lol 
Hahah that's cool 
WWE Las Vegas then Warped tour afterwards Nicholas Curley lol! 
Gawd. Hate when my thoughts start to just wander. This is why I need gaming. Take it out on some noobs over xbl lol
Noooooo! Everyone's falling asleep on me. Don't gooooo! Let's go get 2nd midnight snacks lol — feeling silly
Are you cool man? — watching Dazed and Confused
Tbh:

Man, I am hardly ever busy. Need a fren? Lol 
Haha ah, man. Church ball is always a fun and a good laugh.
Christopher Vann hahaha 
Get one of these! Christopher Vann Nicholas Curley lol 
Yaaaaaasssss! w/ white wine and classical music. :D 
Always a good with family in Low Mountain haha some guitar playing, jokes, and pizza.
I smell rain! :D
Hahahahaha!! Yes. Yes, that is me. 
Hahahaha. Science! Nice guys finish; not last ,but don't even start. 
Illuminati Nicholas Curley lol 
Damn, this is freaking awesome. Nicholas Curley 
Memories. :) such an awesome day that was. 
Haha when I look at my snaps on snapchat. I just think to myself what other ppl say about them. I imagine them... 
Christopher Vann 

Pretty cool :) 
I want! I WANT!!!! lol 
Hahaha 
Lol — looking for Bilbo Baggins
I don't want to think about that! Thanks a lot time line photos. Lol 

What to do, what to do. Pfft. — feeling bored
Sahweet! Interview monday in Tempe. :)
Getting my feelings hurt or heartbroken for the 6th or 8th time is one of the reasons I should learn to just give up.
@NO37_ it was in the papers lol
Christopher Vann! Hows it been going sunshine? Lol

Hahaha posted quite a bit on instagram today. xD
:) 
Hmmm, who's down to go hiking tmrrw? Anyone. In chinle. Anyone. No, yes? Huh? Huh? Just me? Ok :P — looking for an adventure
"Why are the Indians so mad. We're basically splitting thus country 50/50 with them."

Lol who can guess what movie?
Omgosh! Wings. Yes, hot wings! Lol — feeling hungry
Pretty :) 
If I had silky smooth long hair like my little brother I'd always keep it long hahaha!
Hmmmm. Thoughts Nicholas Curley 
Hahaha this video makes me laugh everytime. xD 
Hahaha nice 
Haha somewhat. 
$45.50 to see Nightwish at the marquee!! Whaaaat? I'll just watch age of ultron that weekend. :)
Avengers in 8 more days!! Woooooo!! Ahhhhhhh!! Boom, pow, hi-ya!
Lol workout clothes 
Haha awesome 
Dayuuum! Sexy. 
Hahahah Nicholas Curley 
Why is the biggest concern for the Navajo Nation "illegal dumping". Really? REALLY!?
If you got your workout in today. Give me a hell yeah!! Lol
All lies. I knew it. Being a secretive. Hate this game! Lol — feeling frustrated
Hahaha! "Rode a dolphin across the atlantic" 

What us up with mah phone. Why you no work right now! &gt;:/
Hahahah Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre Matthew Otte Gary Lopez Angel Rosas 
Check it oooouuut Shy Interpreter! :O 
Hahaha "day-walkha" 
I like that the sun isn't fully set at 9:30 pm haha — feeling thankful

Yup. :) 
Slowly returning to the dark arts. My fear lead to hate, my hate lead to suffering, my suffering lead to the... 
Hahahaha! Nicholas Curley 
It can. Be nice to your significant other lol :P 
Well back to Mesa is looking like a real high possibility, but for now I guess I'll practice patience.
You! Yes you! :) 

I annoy ppl all the time. I'm sorry guys :P 
Daaayuuuuum! Haha 
I'm neither mad nor am I angry, or am I? :)
Oh, the truth lol I'm such a loner xD 
No one texts me back. What did I do? I'll buy you food, a drink, candy, a pickle, concert tickets? Lol jk — feeling curious
I don't believe in this. :) 
I kind of know how it is already going to turn out. Which sucks! &gt;:/
Tyson T Tsosie art work. Check em out. I bought the bottom right coffin predator. Amazing designs. 
Hahaha yesssss :P 
Anime :) — watching Princess Mononoke
It sure is! Build a bond first. 
Hahahaha! Funny. 
True 
Hahaha! That's cool 
True. I am a night owl, but I'll be up at 6 am when I need to. :P 
Nicholas Curley 
Lol! Wow. I am shocked how crazy accurate these are. 
Hahaha! What, I always share my food. :P 
Haha whoa. Pretty true 
G pose lol jk 
In Mesa, Az. Planning out that trip to Ventura, Ca this June with Nicholas Curley. Everything better go smoothly... 
On me wayyyyy :) — traveling to Mesa, Arizona
Shy Interpreter Michael Johns hahaha "stays the same age" 
They really do haha 
How I feel all the time lol 

Hahahaha! Gawd. Good laugh :P 
Daaaaaayyuuuuum! That is going to be an awesome game! :D 
Have you ever just scrolled down on your feed and saw a meme, then be like stfu. Lol :P
Who can I text? Everyone's not texting me back. Booo. Lol — looking for friends
I'm trying. 
Ahhhhhhhhhh!! Can't wait for this movie :) 
Mortal kombat X! :) 
Hahaha came across this darn cat this late Shy Interpreter Michael Johns 
Can't sleep, but I need sleep. medicene wore off — feeling restless
Ima blizzard! Muahaha :P 
So true -_- fuck you merica. 
Going to pick up Mortal Kombat X! Haha — traveling to Farmington, New Mexico
This is me haha :P.....sorry 
Wtf! Flight tickets to Tokyo for under $1000 round trip! I need money, now! Lol
Freddie Brown haha 
At What Age Will You Get Married? 
bored at work. Watching old WCW and WWF videos from like back in 1996 to 2000 lol — watching wwe wrestling
Haha! Oh dang. 

Haha can't wait til may 1st. Avengers!! Ahhhh! 
Ah, man. Cousin sister Roxanne Vann just knows how to bring out the dumbest, funniest, and awkwardly... 
Take a listen. You like brutal this is fucking brutal. Sounds fucking amazing. ;) 
Hahaha! Funny 
This diet sucks! I want some fries, a soda, a pizza, mutton and frybread lol!
Nicholas Curley June 21st! 

I wanna finish my half sleeve tats. For sure this summer. I need too! — feeling determined
Get it together, keanu. 
Dreaming of amazing memories then woken up by coughing. Darn, you coughing. :/
Hahaha yes! Love the song choice. #adaytoremember 
Food prepped for the week :) 
MTV movie awards tonight. Glued to the tv for that time lol — watching MTV Movie Awards

:) 
Nicholas Curley she back at it again!! Lol 
Felicia Vann chris is an asshole! Lol jk 
Lol! Gawd 
Hahaha cute 
Thay was totally one of the death eaters from Harry potter!! No lie# 
Goodnight. What to do tomorrow?

I couldn't keep my feelings in check. Smh. — feeling stupid


:) 
Sometimes the answers your looking for are only found with prayer. Silence the mind and pray for an answer.... 
Just one more youtube video then off to bed lol
I really want another tattoo. :/ 
Lol the force is strong with this one 

Yaaaaaaas! :D 
I wanna watch it again! ;/ 
Damn, nature. You beautiful :P 
Possibly be attending this one. :) 
Warped tour in Ventura, California? Since it's the on a weekend, and it is in Cali!! Lol — feeling crazy
Hahaha nailed it 
All the photos of deadpool on the set look awesome! Can't wait for this movie to release. :)

I wanna see this. It better be as good as 8 seconds lol 
I don't have great looking hair, so that's why I wear a hat. But I lost my hat during A day to remembers set. 󾌺󾌸
Hahaha I need to get me a cat and a husky. 
Silence the mind. Silence the mind. Silence the mind. Silence the mind. Silence the mind.

This show was aaaaamaaaaaazing! 
Ha that's funny 
Silence the mind 

feeling pained
Fuck this wind. messing with my allergies. Throats all dry and itchy. — feeling aggravated
Hahaha awesome. 


Yes!! 
If it means a lot to you — listening to A Day To Remember
They should call you elevator operator, because you bringing me down! - deadpool 

Lol 
Yaaaaaaas! 

I'm not even that talented. Lol jk 
Hahahaha that's genius 
Lol yep, my grandma loves sports. She's going for Wisconsin. 
Hahaha my grandma is 74 and I told her to aim for 26 more years. She looks at me and shakes her head and says nooooo lol she's funny.
Off work and ready to eat for my grandmas birthday haha HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANDMA CURLEY. LOVE YA. — feeling blessed
Always liked the Japanese culture. The dedication and views of the samurai. — watching The Last Samurai


Hahahaha faaaah. Freddie Brown 
Damn, going to have to wait another 3 months for the academy. — feeling annoyed
No more worrying. 
feeling stupid


Faaaaah. Freddie Brown sit down lol 



being in love while the other has been stripped of it by exs, sucks. respecting her wishes in a break in relationships is more important.
Yuuuuup. :) 
Ahhhhh! A day to remember in a few more hours!! — feeling excited at Tempe Beach Park 
I need to get me this shirt haha 
Iv never even seen a wall move like that haha that's awesome 
Michael Johns haha 
That's really cool haha 
Damn, I didn't know furious 7 is showing in kayenta! 0_0
Hahaha 
It is laundry day. Along with worrying about my damn paperwork being processed. — feeling aggravated
I need to drink more water! 0_0 
Hahaha playground workouts. Probably be me :P 
Hahaha awesome 
Hmmm? — feeling scared

Yes! Win! 
Yes! Can't wait to see trailer #2 and avengers 2 
Yaaaaass! Can't wait! :) goodnight eberyone 
Yoga! Lol — feeling funny
Right state of mind, stay focused, stay humble, love, and pray. I am determined to achieve a lot this summer.... 

Do I want to go running right now. Hmmm? Haha — feeling thankful
Yaaasss!! Yes! Haha 

This is cool haha 3D cake 
Way cool 
Yup, can't sleep. 20 mins and awake once again. -_-
I will get a bedroom like that. Just watch! ;) 
Yes! Haha 
Blackjack tonight! Gonna walkout with 10Gs of fake money lol — feeling ready
This sounds fucking awesome!! 
Want! Haha 
I save quotes I like, so that I can look at them to remind myself what/who/where is most important. — feeling thankful

BANANA!!! — feeling minonie
Hahaha Boba fett. 
When I feel tired. Fall sleep for about 10 mins. Immediately wide awake after 10 mins lol
Mhm. Mhm. Hate the city 
Happy 20th birthday to my beautful sister Tia Nicole Curley today. — feeling happy
Guy Perfectly Parodies 'Uptown Funk' With Cartoon Voices 
Hahaha! S'mores :) 


Great hike today in kayenta! — feeling blessed
Awesome! 
Yo girl coco Freddie Brown lol 
Haha this movie is going to be awesome. 
I want to go hiking today. Hmmm, should i? I'll have to walk all the way there first. Hmmm. Will see haha — feeling ready
Relaxing while watching an old classic lol — watching Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Edit
Xavier better win! Don't fuck up my bracket lol
The story of jhon titor always made me think. He predicted cloning of organs back in 2000.
Just a few more days til adtr &amp; the offsprings! :) then a few weeks til April 20th. — feeling pumped
This video is awesome :) 
One directions goodbye tribute cover, ayyyye lol Freddie Brown Cynthia Brown 
I still like this song I did awhile back lol Ryan D Silas Ty Blackwater 
Whoa! 0_0 I want to go there. 
Not bad. Some awesome guitar playing. 
After today's fall from failing on a box jump. I feel pretty beat up. Hot shower and sleep is needed. Lol — feeling sleepy
Hahahaha! Wow 
Getting 52 inches with ease. Getting slammed at 55 inches. Lol!! Malcolm Yazzie said no re-rides lol 
Whaaaat! Chicken fries are back on the menu! Haha cool. — eating Burger King
It looks awesome! It'll look great on a shirt ;) 
Wake up at 9. Lay in bed til 10. get ready. Try and stay active and workout for the rest of the day lol pretty... 
Want! 
Colorado looks amazing to! 
Grandma willow tree keeps it real lol — watching Pocahontas
Havasupi falls! Ahhhhh spring. 
Fossil creek arizona. I so want to go here. Looks really fun. :) 
Haha this is cool 
Faaaaah. Lol Freddie Brown 
I wanna be a buzz feed tester haha 
Fun hike today with Chris and chewie


Hahahaha! Shy Interpreter let's ball up. Challenge you! 
That is a huge ass king cobra 0_0 
Woke up craving breakfast, but all I have is cereal right now. I want biscuits and gravy lol — feeling hungry
Lol!!!!!!!!! XD xD 
Freddie Brown take a shot of crown!
MMF - no ordinary love (acoustic) 
Vox 
One ring to rule them all!! :O 
Kentucky playing an easy game. Should be winning by more. Pfft.
Really good movie. :) — watching The Theory of Everything Movie
Lol! That's good 

If this is true I'd go to see king diamond 
Totally me. When I clean aloooooone! Lol 
Damn speeding ticket. Taking my money lol
Hahaha I want a bro cat 
Nicholas Curley Matthew Otte 
Watching the last two episodes :D love the final two episodes — watching How I Met Your Mother
Hahaha! That is hilarious 
Oh yeah! Pick this up today. Looks awesome. 
Can't wait to see this movie! Rhonda and tony in the same movie is definitely going to be an explosive action... 
:D — drinking Coca-Cola
Anyone want to bring me a dollar burger and fries. I'm at work so I can't go get it lol!
Goodnight lol! 
Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre.......ALIENS! 
How I met your mother, big bang theory, Naruto shippuden, and CSI are my favorite shows hahaha
Hahaha damn 
Haha haven't seen this movie in awhile. — watching Little Giants
The Arnold yell lol Nicholas Curley 
Poker anyone?
Hahaha! damn. Funny 
Daaang haha cool 

Rez parents recordings would be in navajo. Kids be up in less then a sec after being yelled at in navajo lol 
Awesome :) 
Ned Curley Nicholas Curley 
OMG! Most Accurate 2015 Horoscope 
NBA just isn't what it use to be 
Haha so going to watch this :) 
Hahahaha! Shy Interpreter 
Sahweeeet! 

Hiking to grandmas land haha 
3.5 miles in 30 mins.....is that good? Lol
Im the type of person to put your needs above mine. I would rather bare the pain then to see you in pain. I don't need anything in return :)
It's not even cold outside! Time to plan a trip to go camping and hiking! 󾌰󾮗
I pretty much live by this from Yoda haha 
Never fight uncontrollably. May it be with words or fists :) 
Smh. Good luck paying for school everyone 

Lol nice 
Damn! Can't wait for this show in april. 
Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre where do I sign up! Hahaha 
Cindy Atene hahaha 
Hahaha dayum. That's good. Imagining opening the cake box 
Lol! Funny 
Fucking government 
Eh, thought I'd try it. 

Memphis may fire - no ordinary love (vocal cover) 
I want to try some panda riceballs haha :P mmmm 
Aghhhh. So sore. 2 weeks out of the gym no Bueno haha — feeling fantastic
My first relationship will be my only relationship, because searching for that special someone took me many years. :)
Muay thai and bjj are pretty much my only best skills/talents lol whatever
Calling out Roxanne Vann. She's on spring break now and she's always saying she misses chinho but never comes back lol!
Mhm :) 
48 inch vertical finally lol :) 
Whoa! Nice 
I wants these :) 
Investment! Gonna get this and throw my own concerts for local bands lol! If I was a millionaire 
Hahah so creative. I LIKE IT! :D 
Hahaha! XD 
Hahaha funny. I have to get me a sidearm and an assault rifle. :/ 
Sahweeet! 
0_o 
Turn up! Freddie Brown lol 
Hahahahaha! Nicholas Curley tell Brandon Marianito Curley to give the milk back lol 
Hiking! Where's all my family at!  &gt;:O lol 
Exactly how I try to look at day to day life now. More traveling, hiking, walking, running, and yeah. Nature :D 
Hahahaha yep 
Yes it is. So be nice ppl :) 
What? 
These subscription boxes are pretty cool lol!

-1 up box 
- loot crate 

Check em out. :)
No birds. So they feed the cats like birds haha that's crazy 
Wasn't she shooting up when she fought Gina. Gina held her own against a roided out Cyborg lol 
Lol what an idiot. 
Hahaha awesome 
El Ray Yazzie 
I'd like to see that fight. Rhonda against Cyborg, but that chick keeps taking to much roids to even fight legally in the UFC lol
Woah. Pretty creepy haha 
Wish I was in kayenta right now. Just watching naruto shippuden. Hate the city traffic. &gt;:/
Anyone know how the roads are in flag right now?
Reason I love ju jitsu! :) 
Hmmm, never did I think I'd get the chance to see a lightening snow storm. Looked pretty cool haha
Chinle really needs to cut the reaching and the 3 bombs. Work that ball around and move your feet!
For the Love of the Game - Rez Media Group 
Chinle better beat Palo Verde tmrrw. They do not look good at all!
I'm a woodpecker haha 
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not... 
Don't be afraid. You are not walking alone. Have faith that your being lead in the direction of your choosing.
Awwwwwww haha 
That's way cool 
What. The. Fuck lol Nicholas Curley 
Pretty interesting read Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
Pretty awesome 
This is awesome. :) 
I would totally try this lol!! 
Someone turned Marilyn Manson's "This Is The New Sh*t" into a ska song and it rules 
Lol 
Chinle girls lost. Even though it's a min left haha they pretty much beat themselves.
Hahahaha! Nicholas Curley 

So stoked for this! One more month :D 
I want this lol 
Hahaha nice 
Shy Interpreter 
Good hard fought win to the wildcats. 58-55. 

Get rid of those damn turnovers and fouls! Gawd! — feeling annoyed
Very true. Very true. 
I can't even listen to ktnn without being annoyed by how many turnovers and fouls the wildcats are making in the past 3 mins. Smh
Might as well upload this one too. :P

Parkway drive - Karma (vocal cover) 
Hahahahahaahahah Nicholas Curley 
Chunk no captain chunk - restart (vocal cover) 

Singing day! Was fun. :P 
Hahaha this is awesome 
New PR of 245lb clean. It's been awhile so it's a weak clean lol :P 
One more month to prepare. I want to get through the physical requirements with ease. — feeling determined
Who's going? :) 
Now this is pretty terrifying. Not only will law enforcement have it and civilians, but others will too. 0_0 
Playing hide and seek or tag inside walmart lol yep, memories of my childhood in flagstaff. Still do with my... 
Ask Chris if they do this in the Marines to Felicia Vann lol! 
Hahaha "arizona" 
I think my cardio is finally moving up. At least that's what it feels like lol — feeling wonderful
This was very cool :) 
Sunday funday!! August burns red! Ahhh!! :)
That was awesome. Rappin the truth. 
Hahaha 
Shy Interpreter hahaha 
Hahaha! 
I want!! Lol 
Michael Johns 
Keanu Reeves always has the bad ass muscle cars in his movies haha
This is cool ;) 
Nicholas Curley 
Come on Doreen Vann come to chinle. You ain't getting sick hahaha jk :)
Nicholas Curley 
Lol!!! 
Nicholas Curley lol 
Roxanne Vann kinda chacolate! Lol 
When you feel tired and you lay down but immediately wake up. Yup, that is me right now. :(
#theluckofthewildcat 
Niiiiiiiiice haha 
Hahahaahhahahaha!! Nicholas Curley 
Pretty a 
Damn, chinle had an intense game tonight. #theluckofthewildcat #thatchinlegamewinningbounce lol
Hahaha! Just looks at her. 


Fred Atene Fredericka Atene Cindy Atene Ernie Atene 
Hmmmmm. Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley thots? 
Hahahahaha! Faaaaaah. Funny. 
Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 

Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
Let's hope the new star wars movie goes directly to online purchase. Like the interview lol! 
Hahaha makes me laugh everytime 
Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley 
This is way cool :) 
Hahahahhahahahahahah!! Wow 
Lol!! 
Shy Interpreter found it hahaha 
Nicholas Curley Roxanne Vann Candice Vann 
I am si 
This is so awesome! :) 
Haha awesome 
Hahaha! 

Kevin Mitchell Freddie Brown Farren Dawes 
I write sins not tragidies - panic at the disco (vocal cover) :) 
having some fun. 
Haha nice 
I still believe the Patriots got lucky in those closing seconds of the game 
Hahaha! So funny 
This is fucking awesome! Haha 
Sweet 
Haha damn 
How everyone feels when they play mortal kombat with me lol! 
Officer Jenny one bad bitch! 
I actually like this cover I did lol! 
Shy Interpreter haha! 
Roxanne Vann loves the Chocolate. Just letting yall know. Tryna hook up my cuzzo. She wants them cherries to!... 
Always look at the bright side. Smile. Be happy. Brighten up your own day or brighten up someone else's day with a smile or a laugh :)
Lol! Shy Interpreter 
When you see a diamond commercial there's two things that come to mind. 

1. Marriage 
2. I would so rob that diamond store 

Lol
They just get better and better lol!! 
Cedric Ben Journii Nez Cynthia Brown Aaron Hyatt Shaina Chato  lol! 
Gotta try this 
Hahaha! Shy Interpreter 
For realsies! 
Yeeeaaaah! Samurai! 
Yup, patriots got lucky. Knew it. Luckily for them the Seahawks coach made a horrible call at the goal line.
Nicholas Curley 
Hahahahaahahahahahn njakkjn a kajjwjjs 

Shy Interpreter haha 

Hahaha damn 
I'd put this in my shower haha 
Hahahaha yup 
Moneyyyyyy! 
@ the chinle vs window rock game and I'm just analyzing their gym instead of watching the game lol! It's aight
I really hope this is at game works lol 
Not one to argue, so just take this slice of pizza and smile with me lol
Yes! Haha 
I want to go hiking! Aghhhh! Aaron Hyatt yiu going to be in durango friday?
How Shy Interpreter and I dance to the 80s pop lol 
Ryan A Yazzie Cam Wayne Fred Atene Cindy Atene Ernie Atene Fredericka Atene Cody Ahasteen Veronica Ahasteen... 
Gosh! Naruto: the last movie was awesome! Pretty romantic ;)
Hahahaha!! It will never end Nicholas Curley 
Waiting on work. Watching the batman begins. :)
Shy Interpreter 
Hahaha wow 
Hahaha! "Get outta here shirley" Nicholas Curley Ryan A Yazzie Cam Wayne 
Hahahahaha! Nicholas Curley 
Mmmmm!! 


Nicholas Curley n rose xD 
I still think japan has the loswest. Their population exceeds America's in that tiny strip of land 

Oh man! That creep me out hah 
Ha! 
Hahaha! Nice. Nicholas Curley 
Follow this guy on youtube. such a badass voice. Awesome music as well. 
Damn. 
Really awesome! 
Awesome. Finally!! 
For a laugh Shy Interpreter lol 
Respect 
Hahahaha! Awesome. 
Jammin!! :P — listening to What Is Love (Haddaway song)
Patriots be getting lucky these past weeks
Events hoping to make it to. starting in March.

Pot of gold festival
Self-help festival 
Adtr and offsprings... 
Watch. Refs game for the Patriots. Just watch.
Hahaha. Awesome 
When Nicholas Curley is asleep and Suellen Norton tells him to come eat lol!! 
"Aye! I ain't got no problem..brotha."
Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
Jason David Frank On My Morphing Life, the Power Rangers Movie &amp; More 
These are awesome :) 
Haha awesome 
Let it gooooooooo lol 
Eric Aguirre 
American sniper at home. Where's my popcorn! Haha 
Nicholas Curley......aliens 
Ugh! Damn Verizon service. Send my text messages out! &gt;:/
Anonymous Declares ‘War’ On ISIS In Chilling Video, Already Claims First Victim 
Soooo, Dallas lost today.
Damn, the movie gone girl is a pretty good!! Very intense ending lol
Lol!! 
Good win packers!
Awesome! 
That is an incomplete pass!! Come on refs!!
For reals! Haha 

Wow. I guess a year ago this was an actual possibility. 
Fall out boy during Sundays set Shy Interpreter!! :O :D 
Rez life!! Lol Nicholas Curley Matthew Otte Eric Aguirre Gary Lopez Angel Rosas Lloyd Allen David Allen Nick Mardian 
Coped me a copy of 'the hobbit: battle of the five armies' bootleg DVD version hahaha!
Awesome :) 
Lol!! I need to go to bed 
Lol 
Someone, somewhere - Asking Alexandria acoustic cover
 
Feed back does help! 0_0 drop a Comment haha 
Hahahaha!! Sah-weeeeet!! 
No money and all these awesome shirts go on sale &gt;:/ 
Hahaha 
Whaaaat thaaaaa faaaaahk lol Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
Gaaaah! I want all of them! Shy Interpreter lol 
This is awesome! Similar to the old Gundam shows 
Really good puppetr haha 
Lol geez xD 
Slipknot Korn ride against 
It almost looks to artistic to eat!! haha 

Hahaha basically 
These are awesome 
Very cool! :) 
Candice Hobbs 0_0 lol 
Take a listen to the push it - static x (cover) by oceandreamer it is fucking awesome!! 
Hahahaha! Nicholas Curley 
Lol!! 



Beau Natay Ty Blackwater told ya!! 
Shy Interpreter haha 
Damn, Dallas be getting lucky toward the end of this game haha
Hahahaha! Awesome 
Haha funny 
Shy Interpreter hahaha 
Lol funny 
This would probably entertain me and a cat lol 
Back in chinle! Good week spent in mesa, but glad to be back in a quiet town haha
Shy Interpreter yeaaaah haha 
Haha 
Haha 
&gt;:/ so mad 
Good vocals 
Haha man, 3 1/2 years ago is when my cousins and I did a cover for 'whatever yiu like' by T.I. 

Mhm mhm 
All time low - remembering sunday (guitar cover) 

First try! (Lego batman voice) lol 

Shy Interpreter Philisha Clah 
No, tomorrow is the first blank page due to; being to, hungover to write the first page. Lol 
Mhm mhm 
Bored.
Haha! 
Gah, dayum! Haha 
Philisha Clah 
Haha! Ben Bruce expression at the end of the song is like "what the fuck". xD 
Shy Interpreter hahaha!! 
Eric Aguirre 
Hahaha!! What daaaaah 
Anyone going back up north this week? :)
HUG ME!! 
Hahahaha!! Still at it Nicholas Curley 
New years in mesa. Going to watch a movie and sleeps! Haha
Whatever.....what! Ever! 

Lol
Hahaha! I would probably do this too..maybe 
I want a marshmallow gun haha 
Snapchat? 

Comment ur names
Felicia Vann lol 
Chinle, chinle, chinle.
Tbh.....
Dayyuuum haha 
My grammer sucks! Haha 
Merry Christmas!! 
Here you go Felicia Vann haha 
Here you go Felicia Vann lol! 

Lol 

Then she just made them bigger! Haha 

Haha awesome 
I get chills everytime i watch the horseman of Rohan charge towards Sauron's army for the battle of Gondor!! 

:D
Pretty cool. Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
Yes! So awesome! Hah 

Haha so funny 
Hahaha whaaaaaat, funny 
Lol 
First tryyyyyy (batman voice) lol Shy Interpreter 
Haha pt. 2 pretty hilarious 
Lol! Chrissy Playg Fred Burger Razara Trivillyan 
Haha nicr 
Haha 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Adtr - if it means a lot to you (vocal cover) 
Freals 
Nicholas Curley 
Awesome Christmas present from my cuuuuuuzin! Lol 
Lol!!! 
Haha with extra loooooove xD 
Haha 
Ha! :) 


Parkway drive - Karma (vocal cover)

Little brother hit the stop button at the end lol! All cheap guy xD

Yane... 
Sometimes my thoughts drift. Sometimes I think of how awesome it would be. Then I realize I need a better job... 
This totally would be fun! Haha 
Daaaaayuum! Old song Yane Thee Hadley haha 
Lol!! 

I'm a cancer :P 
Damn, that is fucking awesome! 
Oh yeah! Spiderman is in for the avengers! Haha


Why I love japan! Haha 
Dayum, young blood! Haha 
"I've been drinking sweet tea all day! Your gonna bring out the demon in me! Omg, I go to church every sunday!... 
About to drop a 2 song ep in 2015!! WHAT!?!?! — feeling determined
Awwwwwww haha :p 
All I want for christmas is you..............to just try and kick my ass at Advance warfare hahaha
Sahweeeeeet! 
Hahaha! Everytime :D 

The hobbit: battle of five armies in IMAX!! YESSSSSS..haha
Whoooooa!! It's cold but I'm gonna be outside for this haha who wanna join in? 
Oooh yeaaaah!! Tickets for 'A day to remember' in Tempe are my Christmas present hahaha
Hahaha 
Calling out Yane Thee Hadley, again!! Lol Lol jk lane :P

Right back at it again - a day to remember (vocal cover) 
Hahahahahahah!! What theeeeee 
Hahaha! 
I wouldn't mind going to this! :) in vegas! hah 
I hold  40 gyms badges and deafeted the elite four over 100 times. Don't look at me!! Lol 
Someone in a governmental vehicle just cut in front of me at the bk drive through hahaha damn, government.
Lol 
If I was a billionaire!!

Comment what you would want for christmas. 

Lol
Must. Visit. Japan. 0_0 

Hahaha he isn't wrong 

Seriously how do the do this haha craziest one I've seen so far 

Who wanna pitch in for this haha jk 
True 
Hahahahahaha!! Heck yes! 
Hahaha! Oh, man. Funny 
Shy Interpreter haha 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Oh sheeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiii.....lol 


Nicholas Curley lol!!!!! 
Wow 
Hahaha so good 
Duuuuuuuuuude 
Nicholas Curley 
Cowboys lose yet? Hah
Whaaat thaaaaa. Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley 
Calling out Yane Thee Hadley lol jk

Adtr - I'll be tails you be sonic (vocal cover) 
Something cool about the Note 4. :) 
Awesome! 
I feel like for some reason this is how we would find Angel Rosas, maybe lol 
Hahahahaha!! Oh, ally cat. You made me laugh 
Hahahaha!! That is awesome 
Sweet! Shy Interpreter 
Think I saw Brodie Davis Cedric Ben and Journii Nez all running hahaha 
Hahaha awesome 

Hahaha Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 

She is all I think about. :/
Hahahahah she at it again!!! Nicholas Curley 
Some one text me! :)


Haha  sweeeeeeet 
Said from the beginning if we ever got mad. I wouldn't be the one to distance myself and stop chatting :) always live up to my word.
Hahahaha!! Ah man 
Dammit! :/ would have went to this if in knew last week 
Lol!! 
Can't wait til April :D 
"Love is bringing your girlfriend a fresh piece of bacon whiles she's in the shower"

Lol!!
Nothing to do but stuck my face in youtube, instagram, and Facebook lol!
Haha!! "All my flannels got bullet holes" 
I can only be upset for so long. Then I just remember I have music :) 

A day to remember - right back at it again
*sigh* ok

Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre Ned Curley 
All signs point to lauderdale - a day to remember (vocal cover) 
Haha damn. Awesome 
Who all awake?!?!
Message anyone? I have weed. Hahha jk
Text? Yes/no. No. K.

This is so awesome haha 

Girls out of a bad relationships be like...

Lol 
What the fuuuuuuuck lol!! Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
You should've killed me when you had the chance - a day to remember vocal cover 
They say you find love in every corner. My life must be a circle. 

Lol funny
What a dumbass. Smh. 
Afghan Bruce lee. Sweet 
Shy Interpreter :P 
When you have no idea what you want anymore, but the Xbox one has advance warfare and you forget everything ;)
'Like'

Tbh
30 maybe 40, killed 8 ppl, because the killed my groupd. 

Damn, I'm cereal rick! 
Nigga always dodging me and curving his arrows on me lol 

Always :P 

Hah cool 
I needs to go to another show. August burns red, a day to remember, blessthefall, white chapel, parkway drive, or... 




Awesome 
Lol 
Sometimes what you want in life, is placed on layway. Keep making your effort payments and maybe you'll get it out lol
Sometimes you got to break a few hearts, to not get yours destroyed in the process. Said the voice inside your head.
Haha this is awesome :) 
Fuck yeah! Where are my wolves at! Haha 

Haha damn. Fuck working out xD jk I like being in the weightroom 


Freals 
Anyone know the open/close times for dine college weight room?



Lol 
Omg Omg Omg Omg :D 



Sweeeeet 
Friend got stuck in the mud tonight lol!



Dammit! I want to watch the last naruto movie so bad! Hurry up someone burn that shit and he it to the U.S. lol

Faaaaaaah 
Still eat like this. Haha 
I wants 
Michael Johns, Shy Interpreter yall ready for some mutton lol 
Hahaha I must get chik FIL a 
Haha nice. I think the piano player was off on the side line 
Haha &gt;:) mahine! 
Tbh

Shy Interpreter 



Mhm 

Whaaaaaat!? Awesome 

Mhm mhm, amen :) 




to find someone
who will put me
as a priority
like i’d do for them
bc lately
everyone seems
to be just…
as a short blessing
I know you'll be gone 
one day,
like everyone else
but for now
while you're st…
Sleepy -_-
Who wanna cruise and go skinwalker hunting with Leon Ricehill, Brent Jones and I lol
Haha 
Shy Interpreter 

Awesome shirt :) 
To friendships!! *raise mug of wine* lol
Friendships do last longer and friendships seem to be what I am best at.
Haha yes 
Nicholas Curley lol! 
Damn, 80 haha I am a jedi knight &gt;:) may the force be with you all 




Look forward with hope. Not backwards with regret.



Still love this vocal cover by Philisha Clah 
Lol 
"Thanks, I like to play *ting*" lol

Nicholas Curley 



"I hate this town. It's so washed and all my friends don't give a fahk"
Who coming to my zumba class. Hahahaha! Funny. :P 
Taco tuesday! But it's Wednesday :(
:/ I'd go to Japan just to see this on its release 
"Omg, I love your choes." Ha


Ha! 

Want 



Try a song like this Ryan A Yazzie haha 




Hah yes 
For reals 
Awesome :) 



Juan burrito 
Anime is life right now.
Chidori  blade. Nice 




Avada kadava!

The struggle of being a muggle haha

Geologists will be watching the mountain very closely for the next 24 hours after that 4.7 magnitude.
You can do it ozzy! Bite his freaking head off!
I have a hard time expressing my feelings in person. I think iv just been keeping in to much and now I feel like it's about to burst. *sigh*
15 bucks little man, put that shit in my hand or you'll owe me ohweeoh. My jungle looove, ohweeohweeoh

Lol
Friends? Not friends?

Man, last week was just a right hook of stress for me haha glad that week is over though. Time to move on to a new week w/ less work hrs &gt;:/
Pretty interesting . 
Haha yes 


Trying to get enlightenment at the yeii bi cheii. Haha
Pet the furry wall. Pet the furry wall.
A bit of alcohol is going to assist me right niw
Fuck you thoughts. Keep coming at me. You are not going to win this battle nor will you win the war hah
Gawd dammt. Karma always seems to hit me with everything it has. Music is the only relief I get from reality. What am I doing wrong!?!?!?!?!
*sigh* and the hits just keeping coming haha this suuuucks.
Haha damn, heart. Are you mad? 
Not the american average - asking Alexandria 

So I forgot some of the lyrics and the ipod died toward the end... 
Im lu Kang haha I have the hair so I guess it's accurate haha 
Lol positive vibes 
This mic is so awesome! Set at an amazing price too. I want it. 
Dayum! Nice spinning back kick 
Hahaha awesome! 




Haha awesome :) 




Freddie Brown Farren Dawes 
Hahaha hahaha Nicholas Curley Ned Curley Beau Natay Cindy Atene Cam Wayne Ryan A Yazzie Fred Atene Fredericka Atene 
Damn this one feelin n my shoulder blade is weird. Depressing thoughts all day today. I nevr think like that. That damn owl, monday. Fuck u!

If it isn't one thing it is another. *sigh* can can this week be over already.
Nicholas Curley 
Hahaha damn 
This brought up my day lol! Oh gawd. Nicholas Curley 

Singing is what I do when I am just.....yeah. I just sing haha 
My cousin Ryan A Yazzie shredding on his guitar haha 
Omgawd. This guilt is just getting heavier. Never felt like this before. What is this! Aghhh!
Praying and looking through my old scriptures for some guidance. Hmm, feels like something is missing.
Idk I feel so down lately. Got to bounce back. Blaah. I'm hungry tho haha
Dropping it like a bomb! Haha or just putting it down like an expensive cake haha

Playing da piano! Haha trying to learn something


Yes! Just one more year and get to see this movie haha 
That feeling in your gut. when you know your a total fucking idiot.
*sigh*
The best kind of prize is a surprise! Ha ha ha
Mah clans haha 
Mah clans haha 

I am thankful for everything and everyone :)
Sitting outside apache county country dance with Leon Ricehill lol waiting on Brent Jones. We ain't dressed for this lol
When thoughts make you do stupid things......like eat a whole pumpkin pie to yourself haha oh man. Thanksgiving

No where to go, nothing to do here in chinle.

Jedi pudo! Lol Shy Interpreter 

Yes 
Free stylin growlin to Justin Brutal Stache bands song. Deleting in a bit so take a listen
Hand stand push ups lol! 

Home alone. Who wanna party!? Hahaha jk no. Movies, anime, games, singing, and poker. Feeling happy. Hehe
100 push ups
100 sit ups
20 hand stand push ups 
40 hanging toe to bar touches 
1.5 mile run

Yeah, that is enough for me this evening

Haha oh geez 
Getting down like James Brown hahaa 



Practicing singing this song by black tide -fight till the bitter end (acoustic) :) 
Star Wars: The Force Awakens International Teaser Trailer 
It's an actual ewok! Lol 
Kaio being a baby lol 







Hahaha 


WCW: the beautiful cat lady Shy Interpreter :D :)
Amazing 

Pan - Official Teaser Trailer [HD] 
Pretty much she is the only one that has been on my mind all day. This feeling! I enjoy it.

Ughhh. Very disrespecrful. Feeling down right now. Going to run off the stress. — feeling concerned
Gawd! I am very upset with myself right now. Why! Why! Should not have done that. That was disrespectful. :/
What phx? Rent a bike to get to work? $5 an hour? Can save that $5 for a bike of my own. Then to spend $5 an hour... 
Shy Interpreter :P 
Damn, national guard deployed in ferguson. Crazy.


Text?





I posted a new photo to Facebook 

《☆_☆》
Text?
Laying here watching the internship. Such ah boring night. Blaaaaaah
What up tonight chinle!? Lol
Lunch soda flow lol 


Mind-Blowing Mermaid Found At The Beach Of Hawaii &amp; Egypt 
A Mother Was Filming Her Child When A Tiny Creature Was Caught on Camera (VIDEO) » 
Love this cold weather. Even when I say it is cold in the morning haha

Can't wait for December 17th! So excited! If you know then you should like my status.
Craving a lumber jack slam
Text?
American Indian Tribe Calls Keystone XL Vote An ‘Act Of War’ 


Damn. I don't even eat much chocolate lol 
HA! Pfft 
Hahahaha Jim Carry is making fun of the illuminati on jimmy kimmil live

Nicholas Curley lol 



My little brother makiao like 4 1/2 years ago haha :) 
Found some old photos. Like 4-5 years ago lol
Saw my old profile for Facebook...........who the fuck was i 4 years ago!! 󾌯󾍁<NEUTRAL FACE>
Goodnight. Finished watching anime. Haha
Cancer 
Idk what to do anymore. Literally confused right now
Phones is going off tomorrow. Just to let anyone know haha




Crazy questions

Like
Xbox one: advance warfare special edition! 󾍁 yes!!
Motha fucking truth is? 

Like
Emoji rate 

Like
Anyone in CHINLE who want to walk mummy's cave!? 󾍁 lol
"Naruto" Creator Says Overseas Fan Letters Made Him Realize Series' Popularity 

19 Photos That Are So Hard to Believe, You'll Think They Were Photoshopped (by Lesli Bay) 
Nicholas Curley 


"Tbh"


Back from chilling with poker again. Hah tired. Goodnight


The walking dead: Native Lands lol!! Someone film an episode like that hahaha
Finally finishing season 4 of the walking dead and this little girl crrrraaazzyy as hell 󾌯󾌯
Hahahahaha 



South Park Has Created The Best Drinking Commercial You Have Ever Seen (NSFW) | 

Hahaha thats cool. Nicholas Curley 


Lol!! Faaaaah 



Reading the final naruto manga chapter over and over hahaha
Damn. Rumors always being spread about me haha whys it always me. What did i do. I just go to work and workout haha

Lol!!!! xD 
Whats mosre worse then watching a movie with actors who make millions. Then they go and win millions in the movie... 
Pretty much being lied too. Yep, that is pretty much how the cookie crumbles for me. #bullshit going into exile for awhile. Bye phone
Just read the final naruto manga chapter today 󾌺󾌺󾌹󾌹 haha
Don't fuck with my sarcasm. In the end I'm the one smiling 󾌵
Poker tonight anyone? Lol that's in Chinle.
Eric Aguirre 
HahhahhahahellkeknJehjjhkwjjfneokUwbajajhrbjjEhbje lol!!!!!!!! Nicholas Curley 
Poker tonight anyone?
@GRIZZLYBEARARMS @NylaAlanaRae Shirley had two terms for reform. Now look at the NN government.
Saw a brawl at the post office. Damn, it's getting ridiculous. Every day it's the same thing there
Dropped my phone!! This case does the job well :)
@GRIZZLYBEARARMS @NylaAlanaRae I don't recall a difference. Most navajo families and elders are living in poverty.


Duuuuuuuuumb 
@TheSituation54 you the real mvp
@kalanisim55 @NylaAlanaRae the real problem is wtf Denny's has not been built in Chinle yet!
@kalanisim55 @NylaAlanaRae lol
@kalanisim55 @NylaAlanaRae we need is a reznecks show xD
@kalanisim55 @NylaAlanaRae I'm broke. So I can't move hHa need me a suga mama. Kalani hook me up with one at EAC! Lol jk
@kalanisim55 @NylaAlanaRae it sux right now lol! Unemployment high, teen pregnancy high, diabetes high, minimum wage low as hell lol it sux
@lashitskii yeah, fuck Alex tho haha
@NylaAlanaRae @kalanisim55 yeah don't sweat it. Most Shirley supporters are really negative.
@lashitskii lol I hate famous white guys. Ima hater xD
@lashitskii he still having it lol! That's why I'm saying fuck Alex from target. Hope puberty hits his face! Lol jk xD
I'm going to fucking laugh if joe Shirley votes yes to raising navajo nation governmental workers wages since they millions now <POUTING FACE>
@lashitskii doesn't mean he don't go there lol fuck Alex from target
I'm a hater ;)
@lashitskii hot guy? I'm pretty sure chris hemsworth goes to target a lot but no one snaps a pic of him there xD
@GRIZZLYBEARARMS  @NylaAlanaRae Deschene all the way. Shirley had two terms to make a difference. What's another one suppose to do
@lynniah10lynn guess my dog hated me :/ lol
Who the fuck is Alex from target!? Lol

If sperm is in testicles. Does that really mean ball is life lol
My newsfeed is filled with girls calling out bitches about lies, their men, food, make up, dogs, money, school, and silverware lol!!
Seriously, in need of going to another concert :)
We’re guessing you to be 19 years old! 
"Don't get upset with people or situations, both are powerless without your reaction."
:)

Omgosh! Naruto is on its finally year <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> EVER!
Ughhh, little brother rko me from out of no where lol I am awake now <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
I'm like the vampires from vampire diaries I can turn off my humanity when the going gets rough lol
She's back! Lol Nicholas Curley 


Does not exsist, aye lol all hurt xD jk 

Earth to echo right now :)
Complete cut off. That suks haha oh well. Now to wait and see what happens next. :) #dontletanythingbringyoudown #highspiritshighfaith
Yeah, I can say I'm pretty much through with it :)

Back on that work, workout, workout, and play ball schedule
Every time lol! 
Faaaahk. What to do, what to do. I really need a another job and purchase a car <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
Sun Devils vault to No. 9 
Hmm, need clothes. Looks like my phone is going off for about 2 days in two weeks :)
Gawd dammit. Hate that I can't get more hours for work. Always saying they need help there too. Fucking buuullllsheeeeeeit
Patiently waiting for the asu vs uoa
@__joniii iv done that. Totally got chased lol!!
It is weird how I just shrug my shoulders and say ok lol I am so weird or I may just be totally crazy <FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR>
I have the powahhhhhhhh! Lol jk I really don't :P
Chato Shaina 
Sleepless nights. Thoughts burst through my mind with star lights.
The feeling of knowing your being pushed away. Oh well

If Sex Was Like Call of Duty 
When no one texts me back......I......watch a huge amount of YouTube videos lol I am so lame :P
It's not stealing unless you want it more then the other person lol!
Danielle H. Clark this cover haha 

@Nataanii_Means for reals man
I hate rumors. Especially when dumbasses believe them. Go to the source of you want to know what's up. Square the fuck up bitches!
Someone text me! Lol talk anime to me ;) lol!!
Don't like this :( lol 
Oh dang! Hahaha 
Idk sometimes, but I know naruto Manga and shippuden episodes are getting really good! Haha I hate waiting a week... 
I think I need to just switch my phone carrier lol phones been not sending text messages out, idk. Yeah, and they... 
Need to get me a black cards jersey :)

Annual Halloween party in low town! Haha laughs, family, and FOOD!! Haha
Can't sleep. Bored. Hmu. Or not. Anime for the rest of the night :)

Traditional design shirts! 
Need more traditional design shirts :) 
The muscle hamster vs the muscle kangaroo lol! Nicholas Curley Matthew Otte Nick Mardian Angel Rosas Gary Lopez... 

Been awhile since iv done a vocal cover hahah but i tried out "I'm already gone" by A day to remember :) 

5 Most Mysterious Underground Places In The World 
J.K. Rowling writes new Harry Potter tale for Halloween 
Anyone in CHINLE up to play a little poker right now? For fun. Needa learn lets play haha

Daaaaaaaaaayum! 
Cam Wayne Ryan A Yazzie Nicholas Curley Roxanne Vann Candice Vann lol!! 

Damn, this made me laugh so much lol!! Idk why but yeah. 
Click Here To Buy Now 
Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley 
I'm the type of person that won't show my true feelings. Hiding them saves me from the invisible pain one has... 
It's alright. I'm not even mad. Ayyyyee lol!!
Shy Interpreter Jessi Reyna Brodie Davis 
HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS!! 󾮠󾮠󾮟󾮟:)
Dallas keeps getting lucky once again lol
Hate the Redskins and Cowboys but I want the Cowboys to lose lol! Down to the Cowboys!!
Man. 󾰕
"Cut cut cut me up and fuck fuck fuck me up!" - slipknot
You can already tell which area the rez someone is from by their attitude lol! Yup, she from window rock lol funny

Don't play games much anymore but I'll play some destiny :)


The fury or John wick midnight showing. Hmm. I want to go but we shall see. :) — watching Fury at Harkins... 

Eric Aguirre 
I'm marijuana. Whaaaaaaaaat? Lol 
Wtf! Lol! Beau Natay Talia Lynn Lee Brodie Davis Nicholas Curley Keanan Rockwell Chrissy Playg Lynn Johnson... 
Gah, dammit. I'm bored.
Beau Natay Talia Lynn Lee Keanan Rockwell Brodie Davis 

Fucking shot balls. What to do tonight in tempe. Hmmm
A Haunted House Snaps Photos At The Scariest Moment Of The Tour... And I Can't Stop Laughing 
What's up mesa!!!

Going to be in the valley area this weekend and selling some handmade necklaces. Both of these are made with... 
Fucking shit balls. Fucking back strain. Wtf man. Bullshit! Where my steroids at hahah jk
Hahahahhahahaa!! 
Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
I don't see why they removed it. All they needed to show was that Deschene was not fluent in Navajo but Knew... 
@jesh_xoxo stove and shower? Yeah, does not blend very well haha goodnight <VICTORY HAND>️
Ppl be like..........................yeah.
@jesh_xoxo <FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><ANGRY FACE> better bitch slap that story about 50 chapters backwards lol
Where does the pollen go.
“@jesh_xoxo: I always forget to charge my iPad and then it dies on me. I need to charge it tomorrow. My phone too.”dun dun duuuuuuuun
stare her dead in the eyes and watch the lies pour out like her tear drops from tmrrw.
Blackjack, Motha fuckka!
Damn, I never get tired before 12 anymore. <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
@kesh_kay21 
I have you ever just laid on grass and think "who the fuck do I think I am"
Sandy! I thought you went back to Australia!
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 no shut up man. That was funny. You just lame lol jk dude <THUMBS UP SIGN>
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 dammit, you haven't seen Kevin hart stand up comedy. Man, you lame brodie
I got chills. There multiplying, and I'm losing control.
“@KeananQuinn: You know, id love to pay for you, just be a good woman to me.” Hellll yeah! My kinda investment
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 yall gonna learn today!!! Lol
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 yall going to start calling me daddy! XD jk
@kesh_kay21 @BrodieDr faaah, kesh going to fucking jinx me man. <FLUSHED FACE><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> no sex for 5 years. Lol jk funny. Nooo you guys. Geez, Brodie a daddy doe
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 a dad? You Motha fukka
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 classy money cause you a class bitch Brodie. Heeeyyyyy! <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN><CLAPPING HANDS SIGN> lol! Jk man
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 iphone 6 auto correct probs man. I got 1 problem and the fucking auto correct is the only fucking one! Gawd dammit!
Ughhhhh, working the football game tmrrw. <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE> just going to hide and get paid for it hahha jk
@kesh_kay21 @BrodieDr fuckinng auto correct xD not my "dad" lol!!!!!
@kesh_kay21 @BrodieDr damn, now she making my dad thinking about all the times iv been turn down. Where my shots at lol jk <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
@kesh_kay21 @BrodieDr murph needa tell her my relationship history. Faaah, all single for life lol!
@kesh_kay21 @BrodieDr what ex? XD
@kesh_kay21 @BrodieDr I wud probably fall asleep on it. That's why I need the shots of jäger. Murphs chick side stank up my man pride lol jk
@KeananQuinn or just really smart? Haha
@BrodieDr haha I don't care what we watch. I just wanna see a movie

My take on Naruto vs Saskue final battle......1st rule of fight club. Don't talk about fight club....lol
Well if you lol at the physics...............nevermind he fucking up lol 
Brodie said it is mandatory to take a hit of some kush before leaving the dorm room, entering class, writing your name, n before the test <FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH>
@BrodieDr @kesh_kay21 faaaah, how you get stolen?
@BrodieDr faaah, all durango certified now lol
@BrodieDr shots of jäger before going in to murph lol jk xD
Naaaah, can't be lol #sorandomandumb
Do you think girls every think about cookies during intercourse? <NEUTRAL FACE>
@BrodieDr come on. You hip. You cool lol
@BrodieDr man, fuck yo exams for at least an hour! Lol xD jk man
Durango better treat me good Saturday. Who in durango wanna go watch ouija? Hahahaha @BrodieDr
Dammit. Always getting injured during lifting. I go to hard I guess <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE> lol
Lol! 

My kinda shirt 
I wonder how this wil end? Hmmmm? 󾌳󾌯󾌸
They have the money to spend on all that organic shit and high end trainers! That's how 
Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre whaaaaat thaaaaaa faaaaahhk 


me: do you have food

bae: my parents aren't home

me: are they coming back with food
Basically, how I dance to this song too lol! 

Love this shaker. Makes my protein taste like ice coffee lol

“@tiffanyTDE: I fucking love Eminem with blonde hair.” It's slim shady

Lol! 
Never know how strong you are until your all alone....aye lol @NO37_ @KeananQuinn @qbnatay
Wondering if I should go workout now. Feeling hungry though

This fucking stupid ass show 
Fucking @KeananQuinn "to spooky for me" shit is being said around the damn aquatic center. Gonna have to slap bitch soon with @qbnatay lol!
Eric Aguirre do you baleee dis? 
Wtf sprint! I paid yall last week! Why you shutting off my services 󾌠
Ahhhhhhhh!! Chrissy Playg forgot your birthday gift so here you go. lol!! Cedric Ben Brodie Davis Lynn Johnson... 
When you meet that one special person!! Patience is key 󾌵
Well it is Phoenix. 
Selenaaaaaa!! :)
@KeananQuinn cause I bee telling you how nigga! Girls going to be all over dat dick when your shirts tear lol!
Lol!! Chato Shaina Matthew Otte Nicholas Curley Gary Lopez 
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay Arnold shortnigga! Lol
Ughhhhhhh, fucking boring ass night. Where the ducking drinks at!! Haha jk
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay be bulking up like a motha fuckka! Nigga starting to look like the Arnold......hey Arnold lol!!
Gah, damn! Almost fell asleep @ work this evening lol!
“@KeananQuinn: You just catching up to what I been on. <FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD>” which is that DICK! Lol! Jk man
That ass doe! <FLUSHED FACE>
Broncos should be listed as #1 
Bae: come over tonight?
Me: I can't I'm hearing the sheep.
Bae: I'm home alone
Me:........

Lol! 
The hawk! 
lol !! 
Girls be like.....I like it rough lol 
Bored. Maybe I'll go cruise Chinle for a bit.
Damn, took a walk in the housings earlier. The storage areas always have some weird ass shit happenin there <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><FLUSHED FACE>
Lol!! 
Wtf lol!!! 
Lol funny 
@qbnatay @KeananQuinn ducking baddazled the shit out of her nail lol
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay I don't who the fuck that is lol
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay faaaah, fucking gay ass nigga lol don't think we want him in the guards room now lol aye ya
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay lol this lil nigga Keanan huh
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay no I don't know Keanan. Lol
@KeananQuinn @qbnatay lol Keanan going to clean up bitch when he is apart of the staff. Jk dude
@qbnatay @KeananQuinn mah bad Keanan lol
@qbnatay @KeananQuinn almost thought that said KeananQueif lol

21-Month-Old Baby Swims Like a Fish [Video] 
Girls be check their booty riiiiiiiiiiight, now lol!! 

Lol 
5 hours of sleep. Yeah, I think that's enough. 󾌯󾰑






Everyone thinks this is so gentleman like. In reality you know he don't want her to get that white dress dirty,... 
Camaraderie And Native Culture At The Canyon de Chelly Ultra - 
Cowboys got a tad bit lucky today haha
Shy Interpreter 
Shy Interpreter 
Damn, what's with your team lately Chato Shaina! 󾍎
Yes! Let's go Giants! Come on!
Let's go Giants!!


Shy Interpreter 

White people man lol! 

Damn, right! 

When I first saw Dolores Umbridge in the Half blood prince. There is nothing more I wanted to see her be tortured... 


deliver us from evil. I thought it was a good movie :)
Durango durango durango. Returning to school lol!

Message me? 󾌯

This husky gets me every time lol 
When ppl talk down to you and they've done worse shit then you have lol pfft, come at me with that. I know what you did last summer lol!!
Chrissy Playg!!! lol 
Bored. Let's annoy some ppl <SMILING FACE WITH HORNS>

Don't give a fuck, sarcastic as shit. Don't fuck with me or I'll smile lol
Booty had me like..... 
When girls talk about love one day. Then be planning a murder then next day <FLUSHED FACE><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Durango next weekend! Yes
Greedy ass girls! Lol jk 
Grandparents be like.....don't bring home a white man, a Mexican man, an Asian man, a black man, or a European man. 
Damn Chinle you scary lol
“@lynniah10lynn: What to do tonight? <PENSIVE FACE>” paaartaaayy! Haha jk
Fuck this diet of whey protein for breakfast and lunch sucks! Lol xD
For reaaaallls 
Nicholas Curley lol!! 

@_brady23 like a puma ready to pounce
@_brady23 I bet he pointed at your roommate like a Doberman to? Hahaha jk
@_brady23 kalani smells out ISIS like they were 10oz steak!

Oxygen elevation mask. Taking this training to the next step <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I like the shaker I bought for my protein. Tastes exactly like ice coffee after shaking it for about 5 mins lol

Porn does nothing for a guy like me, but online videos games does wonders to get me sleepy lol
Whoa! Pretty crazy Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
So a girl walks into a bar........pretty much that is all she is going to remember lol
Anyone down to play some poker/hold'em next Friday? That are in the Chinle area lol
When you have absolutely nothing else to do, but miss that one person haha 

Jokes on him! She's a collegiate swimmer. HA HA HAAAAA xD 

Open up fortune cookie

"I no give you massage cause no one give me massage" 

Aight, damn. 

Lol
Anyone who has a cradle board booty should hit the like button right now! Lol
Nights like this...........yeah, a gf would do wonders lol! — feeling silly
Damn Nicholas Curley 

I always do these things lol! 
Lol! No power! 
Girls be like. I'm bored. Text anyone? Lol 


“@kalanisim55: Middle finger to math” math is awesome
For reals!! 

Damn, only been at it back in the fitness life for like 4 1/2 months, but it feels longer! Lol 󾌸


Dammit I knew it. Crushing on smne who u think is crushing on u. To find out there actlly just using you to get to get to their crush lol <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
@_brady23 lol noice <FISTED HAND SIGN>
It is a toss up between Flagstaff or Durango for next semester. Hmm! Hmmmm! <NEUTRAL FACE><NEUTRAL FACE><NEUTRAL FACE>I will just have to wait and see
It is only fit that I never get made and walk away smiling. I always do <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> <WHITE RIGHT POINTING BACKHAND INDEX> "check you later, check you later"
@_brady23 in the dinning hall? Lol
@_brady23 sprint in yo dreams! Use a parachute to lol
Is it me or is it that the nicest girls are always the devilish ones <IMP>
Goodnight/morning yall. Be up in like 6 hrs lol — listening to A Day To Remember

America of the Future: Prepare for the exburbs 
I'm suppose to be trying to fall asleep but this chicks skills is mind blowing lol 

When you fucking thirsty as hell but she ain't giving up any of that damn Koop-aid lol! — feeling funny
That NyQuil got me all turnt up! Gah damn! Lol jk — feeling drunk
I always text first. I beat down my pride lol! 
Gawd lol 
Random photo on your timeline 

'Like' 

Lol
New base set up. Trying to beef up my defenses lol! 
Want! 
When someone brings up your day with a text.....aaaand then toss you off a cliff when they say "oh, sent the... 
No. No. 

J-Lo needs to tour singing only Selena songs!! Haha

The gang I.C.P and its members the juggalos and juggallettes scare me 󾌯󾌳





Trying my best to cheer my best-friend up. Anything I can do. 󾌵
Monster in law! Funny ass movie lol

Lol Daryl of course. I knew it all along 
Felicia Vann Nicholas Curley 
Going to bed @ 2 really doesn't help me haha pre-workout to get me going for the rest of the day <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE><EXPRESSIONLESS FACE><EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
Reports: Cowboys RB Randle Arrested for Shoplifting 


Chato Shaina Shy Interpreter 

Lol!!!!! Nicholas Curley 

I laugh before I help lol "I expect everyone to do the same for me." - Lt. rasczak 

When I usually see a comment or photo that has an even high like of 800 or more. I'm just like nah bitch. You... 
Nicholas Curley lol 


Hahahaha! I think I make them go crazy. Rather then go crazy for me 


Sweet? It better be fucking true! Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley 
Booty had me like.....lol 


A deal to sell navajo craft work on the Washington Redskins official site. That was what the news has said, was... 
Belly fat is so hard to lose lol but I know what I need to do. First, step was to build muscle, so I don't lose... 
"respect our existence or expect resistance"

Love it :) 

Lol oh, man. 󾌵 Good day for football
Lol I love messing with die hard fans into professional sports. 󾌸󾌪 like Zach Begay and his cowboys but he know i just playin lol
If I get jumped tonight and make navajo times headlines. It is going to be by angry Cowboys fans lol! 󾍕󾰮󾍁󾌳󾌯󾌸
Just heard the Cowboys won. Yep, has luck written all over that win again. Haha

Have the Dallas cowboys lost yet?
Shy Interpreter dance lessons from this guy! lol 
Man, I thought he was going to go all patient zero and attack. Pfft. 
Whaaaaaaat theeeeeee fuuuuuuuuuck........ 
Hahahaha 
Dayum hahA 
2nd person in Texas positive for Ebola?! 󾍁 quarantine all of Texas. No one gets in or out! Cancel Dallas cowboys season! Lol





Huh uuuuuuhhhh!! Lol 
Trace Begay hahhaha 


Seriously. The Navajo Nation is becoming much worse. Ex Cons, Wanna-be gangsters, and just crazy drunks with... 
but where is she 
Hahahahaha!! Nicholas Curley Gary Lopez Angel Rosas gary still like thick women? 
Shy Interpreter Nicholas Curley 
Hell yeah! Girls love cats! Lol 
not the first, but I'm sure it won't be the last. Free me from this curse. A kiss at last! 󾌯󾌳󾌸
Tbh.....



Bored once again. Anyone here. *knock knock*
Oh damn! In Sherlock holmes! Haha sweet 
David Spade’s ‘Joe Dirt’ Sequel Is Happening 

"I will search for you. To 1,000 worlds and through 10,000 lifetimes." 󾮗󾭩󾮟󾮖󾍛
Brodie Davis Chrissy Playg 
Lol!!! Funny 
She will!! 
Lol! 
Whaaaaaat? Really Shy Interpreter lol 
Damn, right! I'm craaaaaazzzaaayyyyeee  lol 

Pretty accurate since all ever get called is cute lol!! 

This is bullshit 


Chato Shaina 
Shy Interpreter 
Ryan gosling zombie be like..... 
So sad, so sad.......... but moving on. 
Lol! So funny 
If you don't want me hunting you down for sport white people. Do not dress up in these costumes. 
Hahaha hmmm 
Yup, I knew it. She cheating on me lol!!! Jk single. My imaginary girlfriend cheating on me  hah 
True! lol light weight 

New Star Wars Arcade Game Will Put You In The Thick Of It 

Lol!!! 
0_0 Shy Interpreter Cedric Ben Eric Aguirre 
Hahaha Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley Gary Lopez Matthew Otte 
"Make A 'Mon Out Of You" Is The Mulan Parody Song You Didn't Know You Needed In Your Life 

Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre ahhhhhhhh, sheeeeeit. it.....is......time! to not pay next months bills. bye bye... 
Hmmmmmm. Pretty close 

Mhm mhm 
This is so not true! Lol xD 
Starngely, true. 
Can someone just go and beat their asses already. Make a new headline saying "creepy clowns roaming are now being... 



Anyone in? ! 
I'm not creative  lol 
@NO37_ not years, in mere months.
NOW WE KNOW WHY HOMELAND SECURITY BOUGHT MILLIONS OF COFFINS AND BILLIONS OF BULLETS 
Going into my Jedi temple to meditate on a few things lol the force will guide me.......hopefully. Lol #nerdlife
Hahaha! Lights all ducking bright. 
And there electrifying! 󾌲 



Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare.

The lion king 󾌺 lol 
Wtf haha 





Fuck you Broncos lol 󾮠󾆾󾓵
Grunt Style Street Wear 

Fucking Manning. Only talented player on the Broncos

Damn, Broncos getting lucky.
Omaha my ass



Fucking Dallas got lucky 󾌲


Chrissy Playg walks out of pongas like...

lol 

Awwwww, Roxanne Vann friends deleted the status lol thought they were bad bitches 󾌪
The Long Walk: A tragedy unobserved 150 years later 






Goodnight!
Hahahahaha gets me every time. Nicholas Curley 
Haha 
When you trying to get pass grade check and that one teacher you hate gives you a 59.9 % lol 
Whose in chinle tonight? Hahaha
Seriously, want to make a trip to Durango. Chill with the friends for a weekend. Enough gas for a one over night trip lol


Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
Shy Interpreter 
What you got for me today CHINLE........football!!! Lol chillin watching some college football. Might go for a... 


I wonder what the fuck that was that blacked out half of CHINLE. I was right by it! :O haha
My grandma is very fluent in navajo and she says Deschene should not be disqualified for not knowing our... 
My grandma is very fluent in navajo and she says Deschene should not be disqualified for not knowing our language, fluently.
Deschene voters should go and protest this motion to disqualify him. Seriously, if they disqualify him then why... 
Deschene &gt; Navajo Nation

Following the hearing on Deschene on Twitter right now. Stupid that they want him to take a dine bizaad test.... 
“@navajotimes: Deschene rep. Jim Barton to Jordan: You need to back off on the overheated language.” He shud speak navajo whn heatd like dat
@kalanisim55 navajo times can suck it! Lol
“@navajotimes: Jordan agrees that Deschene a Diné Bizaad test” this is stupid
“@navajotimes: Council will go on a brief break.” They always on break with the way they get paid <CLAPPING HANDS SIGN>

I am art. I am the creator of my own portrait. 󾭪󾀊󾀈
@BrodieDr <THUMBS UP SIGN><OK HAND SIGN><SLEEPING SYMBOL>
@BrodieDr <PILE OF POO><FIRE>
@BrodieDr <PEDESTRIAN><DASH SYMBOL>
@BrodieDr <RAISED HAND><WAVING HAND SIGN><THUMBS UP SIGN>
@kylerashley12 or the past 4 years

@RaynitaLee ugh, yeah that motivation to go workout after work is just ughhhh haha
@RaynitaLee awesome! I usually just work out for 2hrs then I'm like I'm done and then gotta get ready for work haha
@RaynitaLee Netflix!? Haha
@RaynitaLee tv = strength! Hahaha yeah, I feel like that some times to during my workouts, but I just try and push through it :)
@RaynitaLee haha unsafe = dangerous! Jk yeah, or not enough rest or water or or tv <SMILING CAT FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH> lol
@RaynitaLee well of course it's dangerous! Hah u need them calories if you lifting
@RaynitaLee your suppose to push through it! <FISTED HAND SIGN><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><THUMBS UP SIGN><POUTING CAT FACE>
@RaynitaLee preworkout lol
Swear the navajo nation paper puts some stupid stuff in the papers lol
<SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES><SMILING FACE WITH HORNS><ANGRY FACE><FACE WITH LOOK OF TRIUMPH><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><WEARY FACE><TIRED FACE><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY><FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD><FROWNING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH><WORRIED FACE><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E><FLUSHED FACE><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
@RaynitaLee sad love life lol
@RaynitaLee rather than kiss my ass. It kicked my ass lol
@NO37_ we can only hope
@RaynitaLee love can kiss my ass! Lol
Everyone is all bundled up already. Here I walk into the post office with my trunks, slippers, and tank top lol!
Weekly dose of the new episode Naruto Shippuden and New Manga. Both are starting to hat up! Haha
I see what's going on...........a fox! 󾍁
I am not a very jealous person, but don't you dare touch the controller when I'm playing online haha

Dammit my legs are aching badly. Leg day was a good day


HA! Caught that fake Facebook profile in a second!
Yes, American History X is on! A really good movie
My teams for nfl and ncaa are the teams that are winning that day lol!
Lms to just like my status 󾌰
I wonder if they have a Bruce Lee philosophy course?

Oh shit! Hahahha all I thought about were the hours we spent killing zombies in Africa in Resident Evil 5... 
Hahahaha wtf 
Sweet 
8 seconds? Ain't no problem. Lol 

I wonder if those who smoke weed go a whole day without a smoke sess during earth day? Haha
Hahahahahahah!! is this a mexican thing? Nicholas Curley Matthew Otte Gary Lopez Angel Rosas 

So did the Patriots win? I changed the channel when Brady sucked

My little brother kaio makes me look like a wimp. I can't even eat more than 5 pieces of extra hot hot Cheetos,... 
Damn, missed A day to remember last night. 󾍀 — listening to A Day To Remember

Today's leg day! 󾌰 — feeling happy
Lol!! Mhm 
The navajo council is going to waste this damn money! Protest the council! Lol 
It's cold!! Yes!! 󾍁󾌸󾆵
Hahaha Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley 
Me all the time lol 
Listen! I believe Deschene has a Better work ethic than Shirley. I feel Deshene can improve our communities... 
When someone doesn't tell you the actual truth. Just be stand there smiling amd thinking, "I wonder what i should grab for lunch?" Lol
Chrissy Playg 
Anyone in chinle want to chill with Brent Jones and i? lol
So bored. Think I'll just go for a drive up to the rim haha
By the great eye of Soron. Baby, you make my heart beat loud like the battle of the five armies lol
Marijuana is bad for you Keanan Rockwell lol

Ooooh, yeaaaah! Haha 
lol! 
"Why you gotta be so rude?" Lol
I'd be aight. Lightning cable. Haha 
Being a DEA agent be awesome. Finding pot growers and dismantling their shops. while jamming to metal sludge... 
Hahaha awesome 
Dayum!! I know the hell cat is way better but shit I don't have $60,000 lol 
Hell yes. 󾮗󾮗 


Awesome song, but I was just looking at his Samsung Galaxy watch the whole time lol! 

"Like" if you want to be my friend..........I got bloody buddies 󾍁
Mhm 
When I'm upset I listen to some jboog. Then I'm back to being happy, because I just imagine I'm on an island at... 
Hahahahahahaha! You crack me up puppy 
Hahahahhaha! Yeah, let it go guyzzzzzzz 󾌲 
Hahahahhahaha damn dog you funny! 
Hahhahaha!! Oh doggy. 
*sigh* guess it was to good to be true <CONFUSED FACE>
The hobbit tonight with kaio. 󾌰 
Walking through bashas has picking up some stuff while listening to some Jboog - leaving with me 󾍇󾍇󾍇 — listening to J-Boog
Why People Likes You? 
Lol oh 
Hahaha mhm 
@NO37_ yeah, it's very hard to watch for some reason. <TIRED FACE>
@NO37_ no fucking idea. If u can stand watching it for a few mins. There are so many subliminal messages n it about the economy n other shit
@NO37_ haha right! Fucking crazy ass shit.
@NO37_  you want to see some fucked up illuminati shit. YouTube a show called Mr. pickles. <FLUSHED FACE>
Disqualifying Deschene would not be a blow to his candidancy but a blow to the Navajo people who follow him. The... 
This whole news about the Navajo Nation presidency is BS.
If they disqualify Deschene will be a huge selfish act for the election officials. You bended the rules for... 
Yes! Hahaha 
I have the powahhhhhhhh! Not really, but I have frootloops
Who in CHINLE want to chill? Go for a walk haha

Good rest day but Saturday's coming up. Waiting for that cellucor and my phones cases to come in! 󾔵
Price tag.........$85 lol 
Sometimes love isn't spelled out! 󾌯
Do you get mad? 󾌰 because I hardly get mad. 󾌵 smile.
That new show me. Pickles is so messed up. Don't watch it ppl.
󾠤 should I send this love letter!? <NEUTRAL FACE> haha
Come on ASU! 󾰬
Ppl still saying the iPhone 6 sucks due to this only reason. 󾰑 who in the hell bends their phone? Why would you... 
So good! Lol Shy Interpreter 
If you believe in interdemensional beings. Then you are reading something. 󾌸
Lol Ima old soul xD 
Hmmmm lol 
Gah damn. People making fusses over the new iPhones lol bend in your pocket? Really? Don't sit on that shit!... 
Shy Interpreter 
Shy Interpreter mosh we must! 
Hahahaha 
That one comment is a ignorant human being lol 
Lol! Trace Begay 
Trace Begay lol 
Deactivating Facebook!
Lol this is cool! :D 
When people on Facebook get annoyed by people on Facebook lol so funny.
Lol my Facebook friends say this all the time about me xD 
Lol!! 
Good time at grandmas. Got to go back today to pick up my papers for my phone lol
󾟰󾭝󾓶
New # everyone. Message me if you have old one and want my new one. 󾌸
lol slow motion camera fun. 
Tyler Bell 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Good morning all you people! Haha
Late nights get me thinking a lot. 󾌼 a lot of thinking. I need my weight room lol 󾌱
Seeing as how not many ppl liked my "faithful man Sunday" status. There aren't very many women with faithful men out there lol! Jk jk 󾌱
My whole thought was why aren't the two blondes sitting down. Lol! Blondes 
Tbh anyone?
Wish I was someone's faithful man sunday 󾌣 lol!
June 25th - deductive devil..........󾌯 no, I'm the riddler lol 
Boo, everyone I was texting just stopped texting me. 󾌨 aight, then. Lol jk
Going to be the riddler for Halloween! :D
󾮞󾮝 by Felicia lol!
The fingerprint recognition works amazing for the iPhone's. 100% accurate for me all the time. 󾮗
I want some Burger King lol! — at Burger King - Chinle, Arizona 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
󾀸<ROWBOAT>󾇌󾇏󾆾󾇀󾇓
Yes! Got the iPhone 6 and it is awesome :)
Thinking about comicon a year early! So what! I really want to try and make the 3 day event. Along with... 
Who going to Gallup threw? Lol
lol!! dropping knowledge 
Todd Smith said hes going to BK and hell buy everyone food lol message him for details :D
it is hard to eat healthy when your broke lol

my hangout friend is in Kayneta :/ lol no one to hangout with here in chinle. haha bk anyone?! no, ok :(
Have you ever wondered if the universe already had all this placed. Like mathematicians just came across these... 
i like how some people on Facebook think their intelligence greatly exceeds some other people on here. Lol... 
wooooo! i win this annoying battle! lol
I get bored facebook friends. When i leave a status, just know that some times i lure you into a debate for my amusement. &gt;:D
Native men! out native women are have white men. Stop fuckin up! lol jk xD
native men! our native women are starting to get white me. quit fuckin up! lol jk xD
when i work out. the scene where gohan goes ssj2 replays in my head haha
Nicholas Curley shirt! lol 
selling an xbox 360 4gb. with the games shown blk controller and wireless guitar hero controller. everything for... 

woo! fumble! lets fo cards close this game out.
dammit!! come ok cards! someone take Eli Manning out. go for his knees. loll jk
The NEW Diné Bizaad App for iPhone<REGISTERED SIGN>, iPad<REGISTERED SIGN> &amp; iPod touch<REGISTERED SIGN> | Native Innovation 
awesome shirt! :) 
“@kalanisim55: I wonder how much ariana Grande weighs” a dime lol
working on my credit, because ladies love a guy with amazing credit lol!
nooooooo!! couldnt pre-order the iphone 6 because they dont send toy address!! Dx lol
i got to change up my workouts again. lol freaking hate when your body adapts to your workout so fast. muscle... 
Oh dame my panties didn't fit. I shud hav got thongs.
Man I went 2 Gallup n got my teeth cleaned n bought new clothes n new panties.
very funny lol 
chinle gonna lose today. lol
dammit. one thing i hate about losing weight. i have to buy new clothes lol
"like"

random question
lol! good luck ladies. if you cant get a guy to use a condom during intercourse. what makes you think u can make... 

My work schedule looks busy
Pokémon Fan Recreates the Entire Johto Region in Minecraft 
Selling two iPhone 4. $80 for both or $50 each. 

Inbox if interested
i believe god and jesus are real but we human beings just gave a cosmic entity or celestial being a name. :)
Am i fucking rolling ryt now? 0_0 Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley Matthew Otte Gary Lopez Angel Rosas Lane Hadley... 
I find Darwinisim to be very questionable? lol

like if you agree
Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley lol 
so angry. so angry -_- lol 
idiot judging white ladies 
lol! dropping knowledge 
Yes! Naruto is going to fuck up Saskue lol
i need to close with this more often lol 
like my pictures facebook friends!! GO LIKE THEM!! &gt;:O
for realsies 

iphone 6 comes out on the 12th. hmmm, galaxy s5 or iphone 6, keep my money, or party with beetches lol! si ese lets party! nah, will see :D
Semen is 'good for women's health and helps fight depression' 
@NO37_ fucking CEOs making 24million a year. Who the fuck needs 24million a year!!
have you ever farted so hard that your back cracked and than you just thought you would fart again, and again, and again, and again. lol
"all the 5's need to be listening when a 10 be talking" lol!!

who wants to watch me climb a rope? lol 

grown ups 2
slefies! what?! 
asians always be the ones getting caught Nicholas Curley 
i aint waiting no more lol Shayna Chato — listening to Waiting On the Rain
im the person that will laugh at you before i help you lol :)
lol!!! Nicholas Curley Gary Lopez Angel Rosas Matthew Otte Shayna Chato 
do ever look at the stars at night and think that im looking at the same stars. in that one it feels like time stops and were together
the news just called the rain in the valley biblical. I dont see an ark going through the streets. The animals... 
every time lol :,( steak i love you 
tbh
hahaha madara got dissed! 
this made me laugh :D 
i hate myself
damn you facebook. -_- sleep time
who wanna go to dinner next week? lol
i love you! 0_o
seriously need to go find some bouldering areas here in chinle! :)
"its getting hot in here, so take off all yo clothes" — listening to Nelly
what hackers should do is hack a local news channel with the Annual Purge heads up and see how people react to that at home lol!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
dropping some knowledge 
anyone in the area rock climb?
oh you know, you know. lol 
fucking stupid! lol Merica! 
The movie Cabin in the woods 0_0
or just Tila Tuqila lol!

Nicholas Curley Eric Aguirre 
“@thebrandiful: I choked on my own saliva. :(” ha!
@MrTIrEd stupid american governemnt
stop the purchase of legalized marijuana. your only supporting the Government. Who is run by Illuminati........pfft. Tila Tuqila idk bout u
gah dayum! (nick cannon voice) lol Shaquille Redhair Lane Hadley Wacey Hadley Maggìe Nìzhonì Kee Wilson 
I believe cops should dress more tactical, look intimidating. maybe then individuals would just lay down and... 
lol!! that Gary Lopez, Nicholas Curley Angel Rosas? 
NN Fair screws me over every year. Always have the fair on the week of NN pay week &gt;:/
joe shirley wins.......we riot.
ISIS why you gotta go and try and jumpstart the apocalypse?
she makes a convincing and interesting story, but her past kind of potrays that she could just be crazy lol! Eric... 
whats on my mind? hmph, you ok my mind baby. ;)
women's volleyball is always an awesome sport to watch ;)
space shit
talking and making ppl laugh is pretty much all im good at :) its enough for me
all lame. no one snapchat me back lol snapchat me! nanubanu


i love you. i love your face. i love youtube lol
you sexy as hellllllll, girl! lol
chacolate, teddy bears, and flowers. 

damn, girls use to love use buying stuff for them from the dollar store lol
rejection leaves you not caring. not caring leads to you winning
yeah, about right lol 
asian girls! ASIAN GIRLS!!
awake now. literally got about 4 hrs of sleep and cant fall back to sleep haha
Eric Aguirre Nicholas Curley Matthew Otte 
big booty all up in da club like, what up i got a big booty pop
going to get me an xbox and destiny nxt week! :D wooo! can jump online with redhand41 finally lol
i dont use pre workout! i dont use creatine! i dont use whey protein! raw eggs, water, and steak all the way!
girls are the devil!
“@kylerashley12: Have to write a intro but so lost on what to talk about <PENSIVE FACE>” ALIENS!
that girl looked like selena!
save the planet and ride your bike :) 
college life whaaat! all day to do these essays but staying up late to only do them tmrrw lol
alcohol is a no no
“@heartlesskriss: I think I took too much preworkout because I feel sick now. <WEARY FACE>”oh no
kimmi smiles is amazing :)
Reasons to date me:

I have no reasons. 

lol
ooooooh yeaaaaah. ;) 
i always text back right away. Basically, because I am not doing anything else, but sitting around lol
chinle beat alchesay. barely found tht out
“@Chantel_Lucero: Fuck! I just remembered I took a shot of Barton last night. <DIZZY FACE><CONFOUNDED FACE>” sick
strip club anyone? le girls? tempe? huh huh? lol
Gaylo: alright, georgey your gonna make a gay here.

Georgey: you mean a straight.

Gaylo: ew, no. 

lol
who single!?
i wanna go back to durango. missing colorado
for a long time I use to be the only one named Keanu. Now i keep hearing Keanu everywhere lol i now know how many of you feel.
“@NO37_: looking for a gym that's open” the struggle
cant sleep so taking a shit to see if it helps
bored. sleep is the only solution
mmm! Kate Beckinsale!
be ballin when i be winning at monopoly but realize my real back account be empty lol
Shayna Chato lol 
@KawaiiKayli there is. hah or are you talking about like a face photo
@KawaiiKayli lol avi?
a hot body gets you a lovely lady. a lovely lady gets you thinking. thinking gets you a road to success.
who takes forever to get ready? i know who!! Brodie Davis does!
i gotta live up to my name. girls always mix me up with hot or cute guys named Keanu. i need to STEP UP! lol 6 days of intense workouts nw
@KawaiiKayli lol sorry im not cute :P jk
@KawaiiKayli lol!
every time I see the word bae. my mine literally converts it to the right meaning of poop. lol ppl talking about poop ryt now lol
hallow earth. its real. get wit it
lol crazy white man 
my grandma commentates the whole 3 1/2 hr movie -_-
