Sometimes I have so much to say, I forget what I've already said.
Baby,baby, baby. C'mere, let me rip your dark heart out. Rawrrrr.
@netdog713 yes, drugs. Thats the best advice I've had in years. :-)
Another vegan just followed me. Yay!
@netdog713 Shit, my mind is so fucked I can't form one complete story. Now what? .
If you're tweeting word for word the same thing at least 15 other accounts are tweeting, y'all gotta go.
Yes. Interact-y is a word. Now!
All the sudden, I'm all sociable and interact-y. What's up with this? What's happening to me.
@netdog713 is it? hmmm. Lol. I need to get on that. :-)
*morphs into what he wants* &amp; *morphs into what he wants* &amp; *morphs into what he wants* &amp; *morphs into what he wants* &amp; *morphs into what he
Oh, my. There are some C R A Z Y people.
@angrymemorys @SoDepressedGirl Whoa, I'm dying to comment on this conversation. I won't. BUT,I fully support the dark and beautiful.
@Pennywiseflame perfect
@Pennywiseflame Can I have my balloon now? :-)
I'm not exactly interested in the words, no fucking way I'm reading between the lines.
I prefer the natural look. By natural, I mean, disheveled and unstable.
Sociopathy is hard, yo!
I'm trolling everyone's favorites. Crazy bastards.
@Erykgecko That is so true!
@Erykgecko who knows. Glad I figured it out. Year long breaks are a little drastic, yeah?! :-)
@Erykgecko Oh, boy. :( I'm not sure what happened. I seen the clown mention you and I checked, followed again immediately.
Ok. Just realized ppl I've followed forever, I somehow unfollowed. I'm all over it, now.

*picks up hitchhiker*

You're my friend now, right?

and other questions that can't be answered
the wrong and the wronged.
-AM
the one you need,
regardless of the way I seem.
..empty promises..
..and suicide notes..
violets are blue 
I ain't ever gonna stop lovin you 

⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀

⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀

⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀bitch
@angrymemorys awww, you. *hugs* *hugs*
#sevenwords
But it also creates them...........
Is it weird that I crave thunderstorms?  I want the high winds, pouring rain, thunder, lightening ... *sighs*
@dodoninja I think that's so cool. I get where you're coming from.
@DepressionWeeee Ahahahaha. Exactly.
@dodoninja no doubt. nature is very calming. most people don't get that.
@DepressionWeeee yes! the human skulls are the perfect touch. fuck the census bureau.
@dodoninja Oh, yeah. I might not be such an asshole. :)
@dodoninja I'm glad someone is. It's the only way to live, I think. :)
I swear I just wanna live in the woods, by a lake, with the birds and the squirrels and the other fucking critters and just be ...peaceful.
@CAllstadt awww.my pleasure. Ty :-)
Oh, Hell. How many of you are Fox news watchers? 

No. No. I don't wanna know.
Rts from Greta vanFoxNews!  Really, people? 

Blockity ,blocked!
This is a fact:  
@John_Rodriguez Ha. Good one.: )
@ungerdog1 anytime. thank you. :)
@heavylifter36 ahh, so true. :-)
Most people don't care or even want what's best for you.
Shit. I've never come in contact with one person that made me glad we came in contact.
"I always get along with other women." 

-says the chick who only goes after the men with wives/gf
Everything is impossible to explain to a jackass.
I lose much faster than I gain ...

~My excuse for everything. Even if there are witnesses.

Disclaimer: May not be the best excuse.
Just blocked an account whose bio said" I love the holy spirit." 

Just securing my place in Hell.
Ha. Not run exactly, more like a brisk walk.
Brb. I gotta run from my problems.
refund on coffee you drank--"
"BUT IT'S NOT WORKING."
Stop opening trap doors

So, just me then?
Jesus Christ. Is miserable the new normal?
I only wanna kill you because I care. I CARE!
There's this little thing called solidarity. Learn it. Live it.
"Women" bashing another woman's appearance is why I don't like people.
Keep tweeting, weirdos.
I WILL STAR AND RT YOU 'TIL YOU FIND HAPPINESS, AGAIN? Okay.
Before we proceed, I'm gonna need a more accurate definition of crazy.
I love making people laugh. Okay, I only make myself laugh. But that works,too.
C'mere, baby. Let me strip you of what little dignity you have left. Rawrrrr.
Sweet Dirty Harry quote.
"Don't get mad when I pull a you on you."

~ everyfuckingbody on Twitter.
"(Insert stupid Twitter advice) ,you're not doing Twitter right."

~ assholes
@dodoninja I know. :-)
Awww,sweetie. He'll eat anything that won't eat him first.
@heavylifter36 phew! That's a good thing. :)
@heavylifter36 Just spreading a little cheer on this lovely Friday. It is Friday, right!? :)
Problem solved
Inspirational tweet says" live simply,live happy." 

Well okay, I'm all over that shit.
Good news:  we're a day closer to death
Bad news: it's still gonna be slow and miserable

Holla at me guys... <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
they wanna wander through the house.
Brb, gotta finish giving up.
@DepressionWeeee hahaha. Good one!
*watches Golden Girls*
*eats leftover Chinese*
*sobs uncontrollably*
@DepressionWeeee I've neglected tequila. It makes tolerating myself and others so much easier.
@DepressionWeeee Yes. Yes. Yes.
@DepressionWeeee it's okay. let's just try to keep that to a minimum.
@DepressionWeeee oh, boy. I had a human-ish feeling.
@DepressionWeeee Okay, good. Coz I'm glad for you.:-)
When you tilt your head slightly to the side while reading a tweet, like that's gonna help you understand it.
@DepressionWeeee that's good!!! right?!
@DepressionWeeee Lol. Just go with it.
I feel like indifference is a key to survival, for me. And that's sad.
@DepressionWeeee DRAW COCKS!
*keeps it real*
Funny how people associate "keeping it real" and Twitter. Like, if you say so.
Keep it classy by angry subtweeting from an alt account.
Remember when your worth wasn't defined by a bunch of savages on the internet. Good times.
Remember when someone had to approach you in person/directly to manipulate you?

In the tenth, I'm having sex with a co…
I'll be chasing inner peace for the rest of my life.
Nothing is ever as easy it sounds.
I need to engage in more meaningful things.
@pragmatic_heart Thank you, too. :-)

that

but please don't ever think I will sympathise with you!

twitter ...
@angrymemorys Same. *sigh*

"Did you get my text?"
Holy shit. I found a TL that didn't have ANY of the usual suspects. 

FOLLOWED!
@DepressionWeeee Ahahahaha.
@DepressionWeeee Hell,yes. We'll be drug addled criminals. WooHoo!
I'm twisted in the wrong ways. Rawrrrr. :) 
@DepressionWeeee Oh, gawd. Count me in.
Mentally unavailable pretty much sums it up.
@DepressionWeeee up, down, it's all the same. it's like  a weird flashback.
I feel like I've been reading the same tweet for years. Over and over.
just empty space
There's absolutely nothing underneath the mask.
different mask, same antics
Me: there are arrows in my calves, chest, one in my foot and one in my throat and my head is on fire
You: …
@heavylifter36 I block those selling followers accs everyday. Annoying as fuck. I prefer my loyal followers. :)
Admire her radiant glow, and whisper...
I love you whiskey.
Bullshit! 
Time is your life and that life is not eternal. 
Don't. Waste. It. 

*How's that for …
..
..
..
Just be sure to thrust it directly into the jugular.
Dear new follower,
Why would I wanna purchase "quality" followers? The fuck ?
What the fuck is transvaginal mesh??!!
These fucking commercials scare the living shit outta me!<FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>

WHEN ARE YOU HAVING THE SEX?
but baby, faking it is what we do.
I'll never like you, but if you bring me pie-  I'll fake it real good. Okay.

Good talk.

Tomatoes anyone?

Fucker

Best piece of advise I saw on Twitter today
is equal
to despair
#6words #senryu #poem
Woke up clearly confused. Just how I like it.
You could be handsome, intelligent, witty, rich etc. But if you have a touch of creepy, that overrides everything. YOU ARE CREEPY!
@DepressionWeeee My feelings are all outta control now. Thanks for that. :)
@DepressionWeeee Are you teasing me with nachos? I'm certain you'd do a fine job putting nachos together.
@DepressionWeeee You could be right. (I'd run over a small child for some nachos right now.)
@DepressionWeeee good chance that's my problem in real life, too.
@DepressionWeeee so true. Pretty sure I'm on the edge of that sometimes.
@DepressionWeeee ain't that the truth. indifference and thick skin are the keys. i think. Shit,idk.
@DepressionWeeee it should be.
I'm only snarky on Twitter. I'm super happy and optimistic in real life.
@DepressionWeeee Ahahahaha. I made myself laugh with that one.
Sorry your crush is "collect a check" crazy.
if I dealt with better people
I like late night Twitter. You spew your bullshit and no one pays attention.It's perfect.
All I'm saying is-  I'm super jealous of all the ppl on here complaining about other ppl being jealous of them.
I'm pretty stoked about the fact that I'm never stoked.
Some people will go to great lengths to try and confuse you. Silly fuckers.
It's not always about love or hate, sometimes they simply don't give a shit about you.
The internet was invented so we could conveniently destroy ourselves.
They are just words
Vibrations
  in the air
That fade
Almost as quickly
As they were said
@DepressionWeeee it's like you're reading my mind.

[goes to heaven]

[spends the rest of eternity being politely directed away from VIP areas]
@DepressionWeeee I'm gonna make him a winner. Well-read and all that good shit.
For some drama and excitement, I should create a "boyfriend" account. And just interact with myself.
25k+ tweets later, and I'm still not fulfilled. Fuck.
How would you describe your level of desperation today?

4,275 social media accounts.
I'm a work in progress, and I quit a long time ago.
@MentalErrorist now that I think I can manage.
@MentalErrorist Oh,my. That's tough. I'll have to figure something out.
@MentalErrorist Nah. I'm a loner.
@MentalErrorist yes. It's definitely a little unusual. I actually know a couple ppl w the same name.
@MentalErrorist ha. It's my name.

Hooray for stupidity! <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>

Then you remember they'…
Like to put in my mouth if I ever start writing inspirati…
@MentalErrorist I gotcha. I feel exactly the same way.
@MentalErrorist You and me both.
You never loved them if you never trusted them.
You can't give up on someone if you never had any faith in them to begin with.
Lost isn't necessarily a bad thing. I prefer it.
Let me just say: sometimes when I'm on your tl's, I don't know wtf I star and rt. I actually read tweets, occasionally I get lost.
I used to be loving and trusting. Look where that got me. 

Nowhere.
I care, but not enough. Or maybe not at all. See the problem?

*Jumps out the window.

All I have here is a hammer.
@DepressionWeeee Same here.
I'm just sittin' here eating a Kit Kat feeling murderous.
@DepressionWeeee Shit. WOULDN'T plot. Grrr.
@DepressionWeeee I would plot your murder. Totally spontaneous, sugar.
Amazing how you put up w/ someone's bullshit for yrs, and one day, the least little thing has you plotting their murder.
@angrymemorys yes

Nope.

Fuck off.

-a love story
I refuse to actively participate in things like joke formats, life and love.
Oh, lookie. Another joke format. 
*slits throat*
I'm just gonna lurk 'til you love me.

False. 
It's the longest thing you'll ever do.
@JohnR_Beach Cheap trick being the key words.
I don't want you, but I'm gonna go obsessive lengths to make you think I do. 'Cause I just want you to want me.
@MindVenom My pleasure. :-)

T…
Love is mental… Y'all get that right, it's fucking mental!!! That means you're probably crazy if you're in …
the bells,the whistles,the ticking bomb
just wanna crack you open and see how the machinery works.
@ozzyugi I hope peace and harmony aren't unrealistic etc. :/
People are always wanting you to sacrifice pieces of yourself. I don't have anything left. For them or myself.
I love when ppl RT bigoted, right wing bullshit. It's precious.
I fucking swear, if I read one more tweet about eyebrows-  I'll draw on my super angry brows and keep bitching about it.
Triple chocolate cheesecake is love, people! Love. Love. Love.
Nah. He's not spoiled. 
@angrymemorys Rawrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
@hazmatnz I hope so.
@hazmatnz I'm familiar with the walk of shame.
Shit. I still can't find the easy way out.

Jolly nice to have you…
@hazmatnz I totally could have. Yikes.
@angrymemorys ok.but could we compromise? Norman on special occasions?  :)
Fact:  the guy in front of me in this checkout... ugh, has more hair on his back than any human should ever be allowed.
Y'all are fun! xo
I'm gonna start stealing inspirational tweets.
Your bio says you're a realist, I'm pretty sure you're not a republican. *fingers crossed*
A lot of ppl don't know Bieber is Jesus.  
#StreetArt #Art #UrbanArt 
By FLOW TWE 
How do I get outta this bizzaro world? ! 
so I have something
to vomit later.
*twists the facts*
A TL full of star wars and royal baby tweets. Riveting!
I thoroughly enjoy not interacting with you.

I didn't realize it was private.
Until this is all over.
Twittercrush. Ahahahaha. I kid. There'll be none of that happening.
My TC's pet name is Norman. It's very fitting.
It's a sickness ...
No,no,no. I really do love you. 

*vomits*
You can only fail at so many things before you get something fucking right ... RIGHT?!

Everyone who doesn't like me is dead.
It's not easy being right all the time. Oh, the struggle.
More manipulative than mysterious. Am I right? 

(Yup, I'm right)
When you have more questions than answers, that's not real, that's bullshit.
@bobw1o thank you. :-)
"Hi" is usually the thing I most regret saying.

Pulls pants down and waits.
I thought Palin supporters were a cruel myth. Nope.
Oh my gawd. If you star @POTUS ,the Palin supporters come out. Lol.  
If you send a good morning @ to everyone 
Super glad I know today is Star Wars day. I'm complete now.
Words...
Words...
Words...
Words...
Words...

#sixwords
..
..
I gave them once.

*Inspirational tweet

You're welcome

* bad ass

*Stalker disclaimer. 

Always read the fine print
It was frightening.
Dreamt I crushed, then swallowed the moon.
And watched it burn
Uncontrollably
The feel of ash
Beneath our feet
Let's do it again
You can never escape yourself. In the end, that will be the ultimate punishment.
Multiple accounts = sad, sad, sad
Oh sure, be yourself. No one will appreciate it and it won't be enough - but have at it.

So where in the hell is my dream?
@DepressionWeeee I knew you'd understand. :)
@DepressionWeeee I know. But, I have zero sympathy for Bob.
@DepressionWeeee Yes!
I'm sorry. Loving you is too much of an inconvenience. Maybe I could pretend.
*passes out false hope to everyone I meet*
Meh. Hope is overrated.
I'm oddly pleased by your disappointment.
@goddessmila44 @MayorSRB True. Seems they'd rather fuel the fire rather than take the steps to do something, anything just.
"Just do you."

~solid and repetitive Twitter advice
apparently Baltimore thinks it's ok to enforce a curfew on black folks only. The fuck? #BaltimoreUprising
I prefer my version of the story.
If someone says they don't want anything to do with you, yet they still linger and lurk-  make no mistake, you own them.
@JohnR_Beach Shit.
Y'all are tweeting about the fight. I'm drinking moonshine and starring animal pics.
Hi. I hope you and your follow train fucking explode.
@hazmatnz sounds about right. :)
Get to know someone. Find out exactly what they want/need, then don't give it to them. 

Keeps it interesting.
The 'void' Is my comfort zone.
Lost my train of thought after that last tweet.
Exactly how horny are you?!
Shhhh, baby. Don't talk, just look pretty.
Call me crazy, but I think men are supposed to act like men. Not angsty adolescents.
dark, foolish hearts
This place is full of unattainable hearts.
"Your misery is my pleasure. "

~ people
Before I forget who I am?
@JohnR_Beach awwww. I knew I could count on you. :)

I tweet as I back outta your driveway
I'll be glad when this fucking fight is over. Then y'all can tweet about the outcome for the next 2 wks. Sweet.
in the mood to sit back and watch someone burn.
here's the thing - I don't consider them nightmares anymore. they're just a part of me now.
That's my super power: making a jackass outta myself. Don't hate.
Oh. And I made a complete jackass of myself because I didn't know what to say.
This guy looks so much like my ex. It's freaking my freak.
Let's get drunk and remove our masks - Then kill ourselves for revealing too much.
People walking around oblivious, staring at their big ass phones. Fuck.
STROMBOLI IS LOVE! It's real, and it's delicious.

But, hey! Let's just go on living!

Being over friendly on twitter = Creepy...crawler.

Big fucking difference!
C'mon. Let me project all of my problems on you, then lash out when you don't want anything to do with it. 

Rawrrrr.
C'mere. I wanna invade your entire life, crush you, then never go away. Rawrrrr.
If he doesn't subtweet you from his lady accounts, it's not even close to being real.

Like staying in touch with those

Who repeatedly fucked you over
Don't darling me, fucko.
The dream is over.
I don't really do 'mindless.'

You just don't know where I'm going.
I don't give a big fuck if the shoe fits.
People only care when it's convenient for them. Don't inconvenience them.
No one cares about your pain. Tuck that shit away.
I don't tweet and I pick up followers. I lose them when I do tweet. I get it, jackasses. I'm gonna tweet non-stop.
Ok boys, there's no such thing as too tight. Find a man and ask him. He'll explain the art of working for it.
Cherry fact: I turned off all my notifications months ago. So, the chances of me turning them on for someone in particular. .. ZERO.
And the people
Who push us
Off of them
Between my teeth

#sixwords

*wonders if anyone will believe this utter bullshit*
I'm not sure where to go from here.
Some people tweet some pretty sensible things. And it's disheartening.
Disconnecting is not as easy as it sounds.
@aaronhege Oh, that's sad. My biggest fear.
@aaronhege aww. beautiful and very sweet. :)
...and you feel like you're constantly screaming his name.
when you hate him for making you love him.
HEYHEYHEY, THIS IS ME FORGETTING ABOUT YOU. IT'S NOT REALLY GOING MY WAY. DAMMIT,I'M TRYING.
@Grey_at50 that's a very good point.: -)
@ozzyugi Oh, you. :) Don't make me smile.
I don't know my purpose. I'm not sure I have one.
Winning a fools game isn't exactly an accomplishment.
@DepressionWeeee what are you sorry for?
@DepressionWeeee I can and will totally do that for you.
@DepressionWeeee ahh,shit. that's a good point. you think of everything.
@DepressionWeeee Oh, yeah. You're onto something now.
@DepressionWeeee Different heres, complete bullshit.
@DepressionWeeee I will totally follow your lead. Let's just get outta here.
@DepressionWeeee You're a weird bird. That's why I like you. Can we get back to killing guitarists?
@DepressionWeeee I believe that :)
@DepressionWeeee whatever works for you
@DepressionWeeee Deal.
@DepressionWeeee Hell, yes.
@DepressionWeeee ha. believe it or not. I have some experience with that. So.
@DepressionWeeee I get it. I feel the same way. I kinda adore you, though.
@DepressionWeeee I don't like those people.
@hazmatnz ha! something's happening. :)
Those who say they're looking for something different - Maybe you should actually try something different.
Let me just say -  I've picked up some interesting new followers.

...but for my life.
Hang on, I'm gonna go down my TL so I can judge and diagnose all of you. Based on knowing nothing about you. Yay.
Also, it saddens me I don't have the desire to diagnose imaginary internet strangers on a daily basis. THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME?
I'm deeply saddened by the fact I don't have the energy to judge people's cars or homes or lives via the internet. Someday,maybe.
Shit. Don't stop now. Keep giving internet strangers advice on their life/decisions.

 Super helpful.

Cheers to false hope and fuckery
filling my spaces
@DepressionWeeee I don't like this.
but instead of a day, it was your entire life?
I totally respect your silly, fucking opinion. You're welcome.
@hazmatnz so true.
Hi ... 
No. People don't always get what they deserve.
There's nothing left to break. Do what you want with the bits and pieces.
It only costs $0.00 to not be a fuck boy.
Who am I kidding?  People in general make me feel like I'm dying.
What does it mean when someone you don't know makes you feel like you're dying?
@John_Rodriguez maybe. but, I need that!  
:)
In each breath
You exhale
Until I am gone
From your lungs
HELLO! Someone needs to make this happen  

~Talking to my cake.
@_MissSiggy exactly
Know what's sexy?  

Someone who will bring me pie. Super sexy.
Yes. I will RT that bird every time I see it.
@Grey_at50 I'm not sure, yet.
I'm wired wrong. I need to be reprogrammed.
@Grey_at50 :)
More like sour Cherry. Am I right?
The universe has an unnatural hold on me.
The Stockholm syndrome is strong with this one.
I feel like I'm in a hostage situation with life.

Wrong. Look out your window.

So I decided to jog home after setting fi…

You'll get better results.
Is there anything that she won't eat?
Me: you should give me your number
*she writes on napkin, gives it to me*
NO
"i don't know anymore."
Dipshit men bashing women on social media never cease to amaze me. Enjoy that pussy, you're not getting.
I don't know which is worse...
It's 3 am and I still don't know what the fuck is going on.
@ozzyugi same.
@DepressionWeeee I like the way you think.
@DepressionWeeee I'm into some questionable shit.
I love when a tweet is insulting, but the tweeter butchers the spelling.
@DepressionWeeee stop killing nate rainey.  I'd take a shitty phoenix over no Phoenix anytime. :)
I'm at the 'bursting at the seams,' but 'I don't wanna say too much' stage now.
Damn tequila. Making me all feely and shit.
@angrymemorys hahaha. I gotcha.: )
@angrymemorys Surely, I could come up with something.
@angrymemorys don't play with me. (or do) i'm pretty serious about the cheesecake. ;)
On a lighter note-  I'd do some sick shit for a piece cheesecake right now. Sick!
I know. The third person thing made me cringe too.
Yep. @OhHell_Cherry needs to put down the machine.
You can't escape the light, and you're simultaneously being swallowed by a darkness unlike any other. That's me.
You'll know I'm there, when every heartbeat sounds and feels like a fucking shotgun blast.
@hazmatnz Ohhhh. I'm with you on that.
Ugh. I'm feeling all sociable and shit.
Warning: There's a good chance tequila will make you break character.
@hazmatnz story of my life.
That wasn't what I expected.
One day, you will wake up paralyzed with emotions you didn't know you were capable of. That will be me.
@hazmatnz I just might do that. :)
I'm either going to drop a series of nonsensical ramblings on y'all, or pass out. Idk, yet.
I'm just gonna go with it, though.
It's kinda sad that alcohol makes me so happy.
Today is your day enjoy it
The day is yours to take

*silly little game I play with myself every…
It was a toy gun and I was only kidding about the suicide pact. They have no s…
NOT THERE IDIOT!!! Followed by a swift elbow to the eye....

Not physically possible...

I thought...

MMM

Nothing will change...
Ruffies them
Fucks them up proper like
Tosses them back in your lap…
Priceless!!!

*Climbs back out your window before yo…
Here's the thing:  I gotta be really drunk for this. All of ... this.
@ozzyugi I heart you. :)
bodies and lies

*Secretly believes it's love
More like dream crusher. Am I right?
Well, well, well. I can't think of a damn thing to say. So, this is what y'all get. Riveting, I know.
And that's all I am doing <DISAPPOINTED FACE>

Miss you
Need you 
Love you
And how I can soothe it
@bobw1o anytime. thank you. :)
I appreciate the 12 of you that star and RT my bullshit. Holla!

*mind numbing crap
Stop licking his nuts
Stop licking her ass
Get your face out of there
Don't lick the floor

RL things I…
Oops. Too serious. Bacon, pussy, vodka, oreos and dick. There, I fixed it.
Our hearts are beating targets, and it seems like the wrong one is always gunning for it.
mostly, I miss me.
I miss things like loyalty, compassion and kindness.
Self preservation is the key. Do whatever it takes.
No one is safe here.
subtle gestures - - an understood silence

or something like that

Hey we all have our faults ri…
Dressing room 
Same

No, they didn't.
@icehead13 &lt;3
Some of my stars are sticking, most of them aren't. That's kinda the story of my life.
just one more taste just one more taste just one more taste just one more taste just one more taste just one more taste just one more
You realize they've been slowly poisoning you for years, and you keep going back for more.

*soul
Please don't steal my thing.
This isn't real
This isn't real...

-Twitter
so few words

-a tragedy
people who don't want anything

Simple.
one I need."
 - Johnny Cash 
@angrymemorys this is so good! :)
He is a living, breathing curse. He is my weakness. My goddamn addiction.
Intensity can be very deceptive and incredibly alluring.
A familiar misery, with a new level of intensity.
I feel like we will always be intertwined in some way, and I hate him for that.
Shhh. Just keep pretending.
*insults random internet strangers for stars and Rt's*
Woke up not feeling murderous. That's as good as it gets.
@angrymemorys Oh, God. That made me laugh out loud. Thanks for that. :-)
Minus the paradise part.
We're not always in control of our goodbyes.
I'll show you numb. Indifference.
I can't be bothered with disappointment, anymore. I don't know if that's good or bad.
Nope. Sometimes you're fooled into desiring something or someone.
Same 
Shit. I @ 'ed myself. Call the Twitter police.
@OhHell_Cherry nah, they never last 24 hrs.
Hi, New followers. You'll probably make it 24 hrs before unfollowing. I'll miss you.
*fakes intimacy via social media*
I don't have to flirt with disaster, he stalks me on a daily basis.

Don't you think they would be crazy fast cuz time is getting short?
What did you do this weekend?

Me: oh nothing, took a fist full of pills

You?
"I totally get it."

~me lying, because I don't care
#internetbestfriendday @OhHell_Cherry
Picking up where others left off.
Don't fear loneliness. There's always someone waiting to finish sucking the life out of you.
Close talkers, loud talkers, low talkers, plain ol talkers... Nope!

Im a happy,strange,cunt.

Pleased to be your pretend friend.
..we're going home..

Oh, nevermind, that's just a mirror.

*sparks a conversation*
I'm pretty sure I know what her contribution to the family unit entai…
You need to wrap that s…

Neither do I.
I will never stop bitching about touchy feely people. I hate them.
I don't know if y'all mean it when you say you don't like people. I damn sure do. Fuck.

"Nothing else has the power to calm, comfort, and care for you better than home."

- Richelle E. Good…
*sees some lovey dovey man poetry*
*signs out*
I just muted @netanyahu . Y'all are fun.

WISH DENIED!

Anyone mind if I blow up Madagascar?

And one badass submarine sandwich.

I'm OK with that.
Shit.I was hoping I had found a way to successfully avoid these "formats."
Damn those pesky families/spouses. Always gettin in the way.
Hate to break it to you. He's not your bf if he's someone else's husband. :(
I like saying random, somewhat truthful shit. Confuses the masses.
I have a "no animals in the house" policy. By that I mean, no husbands or children.
I wouldn't say he has "muses," more like victims.
#TT - This is my first and last tweet about a pillow fort.
The first rule of the" Oreo club" is - stop tweeting about Oreos. Fucking, traitors,
You belong to whoever is running freely through your veins.
-AM
Ahahahaha. I just love people.
*vomits*
Just read a tweet where someone referred to their ex as a used toy. Now, I have to bleach my eyes &amp; cut out my tongue.
"I don't fuck with you."

-Ppl who definitely fuck with you.
I'm in senior citizen Hell. I need one of you to drop by and kill me. Pretty please.

"Areshole.." How international of you. They say that in Wisconsin?

1. He doesn't really like vodka
b. Stupidest fa…
I suggest. I get what i want and you find away to live with it.
~Just one of the many things I don't say.
~ Life.
Idk if you noticed or not, but I'm not funny. :(
The problem is they will hold onto you until they squeeze the last breath out of you.
Be committed. Double down on the misery.
The key is to ruin them, not just for everyone else, but so they're no good for themselves.
Some ppl will claim they care foryou, yet they refuse to stop smothering you.
Some ppl will deny their flaws/bullshit, then minutes later, blame these flaws/bullshit for the shitty way they treat ppl.
Some people consider tormenting others the equivalent of success.
It's a shame some people prefer misery over everything else.
Being done with meaningless shit could be the most meaningful decision I'll ever make.
@The_fettman24 You're welcome, and breakfast will be fine. :)
If an internet stranger tells you he lives in Maryland - that's a lie. No one lives in Maryland.
I just accidentally starred and unstarred a tweet, maybe four times. Then accidentally followed/unfollowed. Fuck.
@Her_Dark_Wolf tell me.
For people who bitch about country music so much, y'all don't mind tweeting country lyrics.



- I had great fun doing this tweet.Thanks for reading.
#StreetArt #art #UrbanArt 
Who loves you, baby?

No, really. Who actually loves you?
Where are these temporary people you speak of? Why do I get cursed with the sticklers?
I'm terrible at hellos, but goodbyes are my speciality.
What kind of monster eats a veggie pizza? The fuck?
I'm quirky, but not tweet nonsensical zingers on Twitter quirky.
My phone is dying. Y'all are lucky. I was so fucking close to tweeting pure gold. GOLD!
I may or may not be a little manic today.
I just like saying stuff, but don't say anything to me. Okay.
Unfortunately, I only have one personality. She's a complete asshole, but with manners. Balance.
I'm gonna start another account solely dedicated to rt'ing this account.
Bitter hearts and bitter minds
Welcome to bitter Twitter. Hold up, there's enough for everyone.
I don't get why ppl like to eavesdrop on other people's conversations. I don't wanna listen to you talk &amp; I don't wanna talk to you.
Gosh. Who knew Hillary Clinton could evoke so much emotion. All the nuts are starting to surface.
I don't trust anyone who lives in Illinois. But, that's just me.
I knew I wasn't doing any of this right.
Apparently, following someone back isn't enough. They want you to star/RT them, too. Who knew?
How can you break up with someone you never dated?
How many personalities can one person have?
Screenshot this and save it for later.
Karma has a different meaning in the south. *loads shotgun*
"I wish you happiness."

~ppl who go outta their way to make you miserable.
What does it mean when you don't talk anymore, but he still constantly lurks?
@angrymemorys yes.:)

- a guide to wo…
@TN_Chiver that's always a possibility.
I'm still not sure if he's evil or if he's a genius.
Meh
I'm confused by some of you.
Frightening
My guess they are discussing who eats which part of my face off.

…

* I cheat usually, I will wag mine at you before you even…
CAKE FOR BREAKFAST
Hell Yeah...
No wonder you act like jackasses mo…
Takes skill to play ye olde vag harp...
Is there a Goodwill for Fucks Not Given so you can do…
I'll drive that fucking bus right over you though if I need to

*offline

It would be the same if you met …
Just not one with each other

No. You just won't fuck off!!!


@hazmatnz ugh. I know what you mean.
*frantically switches from one account to another*
I love when people tweet "get off my TL." Like anyone's in control of that, other than them.
@hazmatnz I know. I'm on repeat too.
@MentalErrorist ha. I lose way more than I gain.
@MentalErrorist you're not missing anything. :)
@MentalErrorist You know, these favstar accounts. I'd welcome weird, kinky etc.
@MentalErrorist I try. I swear it's all the same.
Everybody's TL looks the same. Same people, same tweets. Over and over.
My #FF is just a list of my favorite pizza toppings and favorite pies.
All the parts of me
That ached for you
There would be
Nothing left
That will never be soothed
You are the ache
I never want soothed
I'm crazy, but I'm not. Therein lies the problem.
@angrymemorys ok. I have a response to this, but no words. One of my gifts. :/
Shit. I went off script.
Problem is - I'm not a ghost.
*pretends to care*
There's a different between venting &amp; being bitter. You'd have to care to be bitter, and venting doesn't mean you care.
Some people tell lies. Some people are the lie.
Some people want attention any way they can get it. Whether negative or positive. These people are fucked.
People will complain that you don't understand them,but won't help you to understand them. These people just want attention.
I forgot which character I was supposed to play today.
We shouldn't be allowed to tweet about love before 9 am. Or ever.
Happy Friday, y'all! 

*slits wrists*
The people I've muted are starting to unfollow me. I think they're onto me.
Piece together a new, even worse version of yourself.

I am a sleeper
I think my heart is punishing me. Maybe it's my mind.
This is all just a bad connection.

--A tragedy.
Something is holding me back today.

Let em...They'll reveal forever their …
So if you update Twitter, your dms will be all fucked up. And you'll have a fuck ton of blank dms from people who've blocked you?

*just crying mostly

Or naps.
Don't,under any circumstance say "Holy Fucking Moly",like me.
Because
There's nothing left
Of me in me

Don't accidentally text pics of your kill room to that girl you like

So, can I buy you a drink and then lay my head in your lap and cry?
I ache for someone who can turn me inside out.
When you physically ache for someone else, that's what makes you feel alive.
Good news: the ache will eventually fade. 
Bad news: the ache will eventually fade.
Of course, we have a bad habit of loving the wrong people.
I don't see how you can not know how to love someone. Love is natural.

I let her go
Me: On twitter you're 4. It sounds cuter.

You. You're dis…
This seems like a good time to bring up partner swapping.

[masturbate to the rhythm of all the retweets that deriv…
There's always that one, you try to stay away from, but he constantly tempts you.
The shattered pieces
Of what we were
Flip them
Turn them inside out
And glue them back together
Make some beau…
Some people make better enemies than friends.
An afterthought?  You thought enough to tweet about it. Sucka.
What the hell are these people going on about.

~ me,just now,reading my TL.
Whoa, such optimism on a Monday morning. That's the spirit, stupid.

*nobody looks up from phone*
What are you not understanding?
If anyone says you're not enough for them. You tell them to fuck off.
I hope like hell y'all run outta egg tweets pretty soon. Fuck.
Christ. Twitter is on repeat today.

I think I did that one right...
Come to think of it, you don't either.
Information goes in and then it is never found again.
its walking towards me, without hurrying.

~women
Woke up with a strange, yet familiar addiction.
I wanna feel the intensity of his hands on my hips. Like he's never gonna let go.
Okay. I'm fully prepared to burn this fucker down.
@angrymemorys you're exactly right. :)
The ease of that first shot of tequila, tells me I shouldn't be drinking this shit.

Thanks.

Good luck fucking finding them.

Just got nothing to say..
There's always this relentless longing.
It's always the least expected ones that move you in the sweetest ways...

*cruises through his neighborhood bumpin' and blastin' to an NPR report on Monsan…
I love how social media is used by pandering assholes and predators. Basically, unnatural bullshit.
even though
we've no idea
where we're going
When all of this is done
@angrymemorys I think you just made me smile. Stop.: ) xo
Holy shit, people are stupid. And they can't drive. And they're stupid.
Oh.This is you being yourself. Ugh,ok. Could you do that somewhere else?

#LiesEveryoneTells
You …
@dodoninja How'd you know?! :)
Thank you. xo @jeffpfeifer420

 @singingdoves13 @BettieTrailer @PeachesMcPeach

They ar…
I'm sure this bumper sticker belongs to one of you. 
I'm over wanting anyone to believe in me. Too much pressure.
C'mere. I just wanna play you for the fool you think I am. Rawrrrr.
Aww. Love those dumb guys who try to play you and you know they're trying to play you and they know you know, but continue.
@dodoninja I can't help myself. :)
Pretty sure an overdose/blackout is the only cure for this headache.
I can go from tolerating someone to methodically planning their murder, in 60 seconds or less.
I'm pretty sure a coma is the key to a happy life.
Tennessee wants to make the Bible the state book. 

That's it. That's the joke.
It's like some of you are unmuting yourselves.

Rather stick with this leprosy gang im in......not gonna let us fall apart.

Look AT me.

Look @ me.

Look at me.LookatmeLookatmelookatmeloikatmelookatmelookatme...

- Everyone
"You're tweets are amazing"

-Things people say until that person stops retweeting them.

Have a great day bul…
Read a tweet that said "Promote what you love." 
Erm... I got nothing. But cake! I do love cake.
I like midnight Twitter. It's all angry politics and me.
This has been a night for strange encounters.
@dodoninja Deal. That goes both ways. :)
@dodoninja Christ, I know. It's funny and equally annoying. :)
How do y'all keep up with the imaginary Twitter rules &amp; feuds? 

Nevermind, I don't give a shit.
Why do people who fuck things up beyond repair, wanna continue to lurk? What's the point?

Fuck y'all
I've got an April fools prank for you. 
Raise the stakes 

~ Reach out &amp; crush someone...

Your Mind is the Bermuda Triangle of Feelings~
@SarcasticRed Had a soft spot. I ripped it out.I'm much better now. :D
@SarcasticRed I didn't plan on it. Nonetheless, it was delicious.
@SarcasticRed Ha! People are definitely not my thing. :)
My biggest weakness?? 

Life. Every goddamn aspect of it.
Don't come to me with an exposed heart. I have enough problems with mine.
I unintentionally ate someones heart tonight.
"Souls recognize each other..."

I don't wanna recognize anybody's soul.

“When the past is forgotten, the present is unforgettable” 

- Martin Amis

Me: Elvis Presley

13: but he's dead

Me: exactly
Who fakes a kidnapping?  I'm holding out for the real thing.
Is it ho's or hoes?  Someone just spelled it ho3s. I don't know what's real anymore.
No, lady. God didn't wake me up. It was my annoying alarm and the cat running across my fucking face.

Me: what about a gift card instead?

Or some stupid shit like that

IDGAF!
People keep offering me drugs. Is it that obvious I need to be chemically altered?
Maybe your soul mate is a creepy car salesman. Who the fuck knows ...
Big ass typo. I think I'm gonna survive it, though.
@hellboundlover you've got me pegged. :) xo
I like to go for long drives w/ the windows down, while sobbing and imaging various fiery crash scenarios.
1) vagina-stinkpalm from 3-yr old 
2) bailing out yr elderly dad for soliciting a hooker 
3) you st…
@angrymemorys I store all of my feelings in my drafts. It ain't pretty. :/

Out go the lights!!!!

You'll get your dog back

Fuck!

*looks around 

This place is fucked up, relationship advice is following me

Have you seen the garbage I tweet?
…

Who taught him how to tell time? Fucking amazing.

NOPE

so good luck inte…

But it was after I tamed the bees that exploded from your kitchen sink.

So...when the p…
*stalks random strangers for tweet material*
Tells me I shouldn't eat acid like candy.…
Crush: Aww. You're a nice guy. You cheer me up always. You donated me a kidney when I needed it the most but…
With you
....is typing...
....is typing...
....is typing...
....is typing...

Me:
I think we should see other people.
Guys always seem sexier and funnier when we're ovulating.

~ society
What kind of bird do I need to contact to perform an abortion?
I can't relate to anything today.

No you didn't.
I'm magic as fuck.
Trying to fix
What we know
Will never be
Whole again
@FlutesAndSuits you're pulling at my heartstrings. stop! :)
I don't need or want anyone in my life. I don't know if that's a good or bad thing.

Oh. Unfuckingfollowed.
I either have absolutely nothing to say or too much to say. There's no middle ground.
I'm in the mood for a storm. Or anything that shakes the foundation.
I have a heart. I don't know what to do with it though.
I'm saving what's left of me - The kind,loving part of me, for something that doesn't exist.
Just see
If it's as dark
As it feels within
I'll never be sorry for the things I didn't do. I'll still be regretting the things I've actually done.
Boy George reminds me of my old TC. Don't ask. 

And YES. I really, really want to hurt you.
But it's ok...I love discomfort....
I always end up just negotiating for chicken wings and hospice care....
As a result I now feel ready to tell the authorities wh…
@John_Rodriguez I know, it's awful.
Saw David Hasslehoff on American Idol. Now I gotta stress eat and kill myself.
It's entertaining to see people go from self deprecating or inspirational to bitter, in just a few tweets.
People that tweet about sucking cock, then rt'ing republican rhetoric actually seems pretty legit.
And Tuesday's
And Wednesday's 
And Thursday's
And Fridays 
And Saturdays 
And Sunday's
Can't stop smoking 
Can't start caring
Those who have bad intentions 
And those who are too blind to see that
Only another 30 years of life to go

Ahahahahaahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Thought I was in love once. Turns out, it was anxiety &amp; clinical depression. Similar symptoms. Phew!
Me: nah
Walked past a complete stranger and I swear he made my insides shake. What does that even mean?

Anyway, let me know if you ne…
I don't know how any of us would survive without the Twitter grammar lessons and the repetitive inspirational quotes.

Come closer...closer....I never loved you.

Doctor, she asked that the machines be shut off now. 

*m…
I'm pretty sure this is all a horrible experiment, with some whackjob pulling the strings.

Maybe your Daddy should spring for something that didn't come from …
If you claim to be a country singer, then you say "Top of the morning to ya." 

You are blocked!
Set
Blow

Can't have any fun if you don't drink the Vodka!
@dbotnix I love her. It's unnatural.
@dbotnix Ahhhh. I love that one.
You need to be
The breeze
But other times
You need to be
The fucking hurricane
The flood
Can't be put back
@angrymemorys makes two of us.

That's why I'm now loving myself 3 times per day.

"Silence."
*throws it back*

Unfollowed
You're a beautiful, crazy, psycho bitch.
With fabulous hair.
Now get out there and knock 'em dead.
Literally, if ne…

Life is short. Really short.

*winks at drive through attendant*

Flirting is hard ..

Dude, when I asked "what are you thinking?" I meant, like f…

Me: Ooooh you'll always be my cheap disappointment.

*dirty talk is easy
That is a thing.....right?
It's probably too early for me to showcase my sparkling personality.
My fave thing about Twitter is when people talk about" facts" or what's real and fake. Let me know when you figure that out.
Why is it, when you follow someone back they star and/or retweet one of your retweets? Like, okay.
@emjayone that's really the best option.
I need to change that.
Optimism obviously isn't my thing.
The chances of you actually loving someone on the internet are slim to none. The chances of them loving you ... none.
No one cares about your fucking walls.
The problem is, most people are already fucking rotten on the inside. The outside just hasn't caught up, yet.
I'm just looking for someone who's beautiful on the inside. The rest will work itself out.

I won't.
A sick and twisted story but none the less...a story.

Stop breathing
I keep checking Twitter to see if it has cured my loneliness and numerous other problems. And nope ...nothing.
Alabama Shakes~  *Heartbreaker* 
I'm pretty sure my "soul mate" and worst nightmare will end up being the same thing.
I only crumble on the inside. You'll never see me flinch.
I don't break, I crumble. There's a difference.
I guess not AH ah ah
Once you let her into your life that door won't close. she is death and she isn't an end, she is a beginning
painted a building for her
and then tore it down
#notametaphor #haiku 
I just wanna be in the presence of someone who can make me laugh w/o any other ulterior motives.
Kidding. I'm a gem.
I play a snarky asshole on Twitter and in real life.
Letting someone go doesn't mean that fucker will ever go away.

That's it, that's the joke.

"Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except yourself."

 - Buddha

*knocks on wood*
I'm just looking for someone who'll leave me a burrito &amp; some cake outside my door occasionally. Drugs. I NEED DRUGS.

*thoughts get up and sit somewhere else*

You're NOT special
I hate life,but I'm quietly vain. It's a struggle.
I'm not even close to being poetic. But, I can say with 100% certainty, some of you should stop.
@c_gleesh I could use some happy pills too.
@Easy_Rider42 Good. I'm glad you are. :) xo
#InternationalDayofHappiness How many of you are actually happy today? Or in general?

Love, 

Sunshine <BLACK SUN WITH RAYS>️ 

-Pussies.
Me: Sorry, I just can't do this anymore.

It's the law.

Welcome. Want a be…
Shit. I'm gonna have to start working out. I'm getting a layer of cupcake fat.
Good morning. If you're trying to sell me followers - I hate you.
Into me
Out of me
Your girlfriend is not perfect. She's perfected faking it. Good luck with that.
My unnatural love affair w/ the universe 
I'm outta the loop.
Seems everybody I follow is hashtag crazy tonight.
Bitching over 140 characters. Christ. Lemme know when you have a real problem, like cancer.
If you're gonna bitch about tweet thieves, you might wanna make sure you're not rt'ing stolen tweets.
There's no point in talking about things that are never going to happen.
Social media: entire sites dedicated to misrepresentation.
Him- It's not what you say, it's how you say it.
*seductively crawls on top of him*
*leans down, whispers sweetly*
I fucking hate you,psycho
There's a distinct difference between an assertive man and a nagging man.
My favorite part of getting to know someone, is not getting to know them. At all.
The scary thing is -  I think some of you actually believe the shitty inspirational quotes you tweet.
If they're ignoring you, they probably don't need you. Ever think about that?
Who the fuck wants perfection? That's the problem. Grasping for shit that doesn't exist.
Found an account that only rts like one person AND @ 's all of "his" tweets. The fuck?
It's amazing how fast people can make you dislike them.
Those who are smart
And those who are happy
she plies her man
And too many words usually leads to shit breaking
Emotions that can't be put into sentences.
Anybody ever sends me a message telling me who I should &amp; shouldn't rt - I'm sending a couple good ol boys to cut your thumbs off.

I hate your people.

Aaaaaaannndddddd I'm done with being positive.
Everyone else does.
Pin her pretty wings.
Pierce her perfect body through. 
Catalogue each fine detail. 
Collect her.
Keep 
S
C
R
O
L
L
I
N
G
 I got nothing.

Unfollowed.
Yep. I'm thoroughly convinced these Twitter couples are the same person.

* white as shit
And feel around inside
Find what you're looking for
And go
Telling you to shut the fuck up, was my way of helping you, help yourself.
I don't get it. You stop validating &amp; acknowledging someone, yet they still think everything's  all about them.
Were you bitter before Twitter or what?
Sorry I had to mute your love fest. Yuck!

~Me to people
I'm just rambling. Because I can.
Genitalia and happiness could be the same thing. Shit, idk.
This goes for real, functioning genitalia too.
Happiness is found when you get off social media and stop fucking tweeting about it.
Live tweeting? Idk. Maybe I'm "live" tweeting, maybe I'm not.
@orlybee in between is usually where I stay. i get it. :/
The alcohol has shut my over thinking down. Hell yes.
It's like my mind is frozen tonight. It's pretty amazing.
Just saw a pic of nutella filled strawberries. I'm gonna need someone to make that happen. Okay.
@angrymemorys Rawrrrr
@angrymemorys sure you can. i have faith in you. Rant!  ;)
*This Muse song seems fitting. You know.* 
A libertarian followed me. Idk what's happening anymore.
Pizza, alcohol, Criminal Minds marathon and my undying sorrow.

 ::::HOT:::: Saturday night
It's 9 am and all I can think about is a pretzel stuffed crust pizza. I need an intervention.
Favstar shirts? Like, what the fuck? Why?
In my dream, we were sitting in the sun, laughing uncontrollably ...
@FlutesAndSuits I feel like an ass. Idk how i missed this.
It's 4 am. Of course, I'm awake. LET'S GET THIS DAY STARTED!
@angrymemorys I'm going to have to agree with you on this.
Whoa. I've never seen "uppity bitch" used so much. My tl runneth over.
No one cares.The ppl that should care,don't. The ppl you want to care, don't. Eventually you won't care. Hang in there.
Ohh. I made myself laugh. At this stage, that's all that matters.
