So out of bordem I'm watching random YouTube videos.
Happy Birthday @MikeGDenos!!!! Hope your day was wonderful! <PARTY POPPER> <BIRTHDAY CAKE> <BALLOON>
It feels like I'm starting to see some light at the end of a dark tunnel... feelin' optimistic and happy!

When you're not feelin it and you got some place to be get in your car and blast pu$$yrich station on pandora...pumps me up every time !
Me and my fur baby getting our morning started at Starbucks. Happy Saturday! 
Truth! 
Niners pick 
Got the exclusive first look at the Niners first ever Alternate Uniforms at the #NinersDraftBash 
Party all night sleep all day 
Listening to Joan Jett greatest hits on this fine Saturday nt! She makes me wanna smoosh <KISS MARK>!!
Good Morning to my part of the world! Happy Saturday! <KISS MARK>
He's got me feenin'!
I'm officially burnt out!! Wine me away!
I wish I could twinkle my nose and magically the unpacking will be done &amp; organized. <CONFUSED FACE>
Not fun trying to unpack from moving after injuring myself. Ugh! <THUMBS DOWN SIGN>
@MikeGDenos we were so missing you and Shannon! We were just saying how much you helped us for our move to LV.

and at first it is awkward

then u start talking

&amp; its like

“holy shit where have u be…
Finally completed my move to my new city! Just me &amp; the hubs - no help! Family was busy having a family gathering!! WTF! <CONFUSED FACE> <THUMBS DOWN SIGN>
When we can accept change,learn from it, &amp; become all the better for experiencing it, change is no longer our enemy. It becomes our teacher.
This is how I end my Friday nt...oh and throw in some French Martini's. 
Treasure Island this weekend 
If you ever need to make a quick AND cheap trip to Target bring your hubby! Ugh! <THUMBS DOWN SIGN>
Red wine and dark chocolate bar before dinner with a friend.
- Stress relief 
- Boost immunity 
- Reduce heart disease 
- Enhances emotional strength 
- Boost …
but I've never lost my sense
Quiet space, Starbucks coffee,  &amp; a lovely Friday morning.
Date night...can't get enough of this place! 
Still sick and binge watching 80's movies...Top Gun is on bc its amazing!
Getting ready for the Chinese New Year parade in SF. 
Home sick today, but the best part of my day is receiving my wine shipment! Thank you @NakedWines I am a proud angel! 
Chipotle Sweet Potato burgers and Kale &amp; Brussel Sprout Salad! Yummers! 
Just another manic Monday...
How do ppl have the time to be nosy &amp; fixated on a persons life .
Ramen at cup story in Berkeley...fantastic!
Yep!  It's Thirsty Thursday..happy hour is on the agenda. 
Starting the work day off right listening to old school jams! Music is life!

Remember, falling on your face is still moving forward.

Yesterday was a broken promise.
Today just a fading dream.
.
Can never have enough of Miguel! Jammin' out in my car on this fine evening just waiting to pick up my babes from his trip.
Listening to my daughter playing the guitar is heaven!
Lazy state of mind! Saturday full of nothingness.
You are wonderfully made.
You are beautiful.
You have purpose.
You are a masterpiece.
God has a great plan …
Enjoying a great dinner with friends. Made me Mexican and Indian food! Lucky me!
Ppl can't handle rain in SF.
Red wine, cozy blanket, bowl of homemade stroganoff, &amp; great movies on this cold but great Thursday nt!
He brought me Flowers,Thai Pizza, Red Wine, and Gummy Bears! Simple things that make me smile!
Enjoying a Blue Moon 
This Level of bordem is just too much...what to do!?!
Fuck it. 
In a world where everyone is over exposed,  the coolest thing you can do is maintain your mystery.
Nothing like the smell of garlic in the morning to wake you up! #Gilroy
and restaurant napkins!  <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE> 
Going for a run outdoors makes ya feel better!
My dog distracting me from my work, she's so damn cute! 
City fun with the fam. 
Happy New Year! Be humble and fearless!
Watching my babe cook for me while rapping some old school beats...sexiness! Love this man!
Merry Xmas all! 
Nice dog walking afternoon to clear my head

As much as I want to stay in from the cold weather, I opt to keep training!
Got up too early then bk to sleep &amp; up again...I need a bucket of coffee!
Rained out. great night for drunken  shuffleboard.
Yummy eggcado for bfast and now it's time to hit the weights!
The gym is my sanctuary
Trying to make my new city and house a home
Raining in SF, great day to be home and do some studying!
Left-over day! Hubs making his turkey soup and cornbread and made a new batch of jalapeno mac-n-cheese! Time to enjoy and unwind tonight!
Morning workout wasn't feeling it but went &amp; did full body circuit training and a 2 mile run. Gotta keep steppin' forward!
It's that time of the year! Warm up my cold feetsies!
Kisses like icicles
I'm so tired of dealing with insensitive &amp; selfish ppl!!
Starting the day off with a great bfast and Paolo Nutini is always a good idea! Happy Saturday!
Was too tired to workout, but I did like a champ! 3 wks of training &amp; still going strong!
Working hard in the gym has tired me out.
Up too early.  Damn.
I love Halloween! Totally diggin the costumes!
Would love to have a fire tonight and a spice wine.  That's all!
Just chillin' doing word searches on a Saturday night. Thinkin' maybe I should do some bbq'n. It's a beautiful night!
Walking up the stairs on leg day! Not a good idea...ever!
Back in the gym routine! Yayer! Feels awesome!
Sad my in law hates my dogs! My dogs are my family they bring so much joy. Don't pass judgment before getting to know them! <ANGRY FACE>
Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. Burn let go &amp; dive into the horror bc maybe its the chaos which helps us find where we belong.
Acknowledge something nice that someone has done for you.
Missing my things...looks like a trip to Vegas needs to happen sooner rather than later!
Up early to a dark morning sipping my coffee...watching the sunrise.
@MikeGDenos Thx much for the love! Very sweet of you! xo.

RULES: 
Happy Oct 1st! I have 30 days left to find a costume and a party! I love Oct, fall, and scary movies and oh yes pumpkin spice lattes!
Oatmeal coconut cookies for the fam! 
Mentally I feel drained buy I'm physically smiling.
A person who is always angry, shouting, blaming, &amp; reacting in a volatile manner is a toxic person. There is a better way to live!
Slow jams mode on
Remaining humble &amp; patient!
His love and attention means the world to me
Happy bc I woke up to a peaceful quiet house <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY>
Another sleepless night...can't seem to close my mind.
I found my little piece of heaven  @indianrockpark
I'm screaming inside...I need peace!!
Silence is completely nonexistent right now...I need a glass of wine stat!
Missing familiarity &amp; Vegas! Reminiscing about past times &amp; relationships : (.
So much hate-fueled talk &amp; screaming. Changing the way we do things is a matter of mastering self control. U have choices in ur behavior!
Sitting in the darkness searching for the light. Struggling in the ghetto trying to do the right.
Keeping away my blues. He's my sunshine in the morning. He's my fireworks at the end of the day.
Trying to get my Sat face on this wknd.
Sick of trying, dying on the inside, just needing a moment.
When somebody says one thing &amp; ran so counter to what they originally said is perplexing! Shit, I'm wondering if I made a mistake.
Searching for a cure for my unbalanced human emotions.
Saturday beach day @ Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.
@tychi727 handsome boys!
@MikeGDenos dayuum! I luv Palmer Vodka!
Black n Tan! 
A cocktail is necessary tonight!
Just like that summer is over! My baby girl is bk @ school Sr. yr today! : / Bring on the holidays, football, &amp; hoodies.
Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition.
Friday nt out chillin with the fams!
Chaos in the household Im visiting, annoyed!
It's a beautiful morning in Vegas and it's Friday! No work and all play today! Happy Friday!
Didn't workout yesterday soo in the gym today.  Already feeling great!
I just wanna give you injections of sublime erections &amp; get you to dance to my rhythm, sexy! 
It's a Kings of Leon Day at work
An inexperienced leader often fails to realize the impact of their words.
<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️that after workout feeling - energized, sexy, motivated and confident!
Homemade chicken soup tonight! Great end to a nice day!
7 more days left of my vacation...time flies! <WEARY FACE>
Bye Tahoe! It was like heaven being near the water! 
@MikeGDenos Aw! Miss u guys! xo
Having coffee and bfast all by my lonesome.
It's hip to be square! @chillibeansUSA 
His words intoxicate my mind
You blink like the stars, you shine like the moon.
Now this is a cool ride! Surfboard for the roof, awesomeness! @boulder city spring jamboree 
Twin bartenders @Twin Peaks LV @BdizzlefaRizzle 
Sippin on my coffee and enjoying the most beautiful views of Lake Tahoe! 
On our way to Pet-a-paloozao 
It's the opening wknd of DAYLIGHT Beach Club this wknd at Mandalay Bay! It’s going to be a great week come join!! 
I cannot choose the best, the best chooses me.
Finally got my coffee this am.  Now I can get my Mon started!  Happy St. Patty's Day!
Another beautiful day in sunny Las Vegas!
The beautiful sky decked in gorgeousness... but all I want to do is sleep.
He wakes up and says I want to make you bfast beautiful. A perfect start to my Sat morning.
Rebelution kind of nt, relaxing!
Shark Tank is such a genius show idea...I'm hooked!
2 yr. old chimpanzee feeds milk to a 60-day-old tiger cub. Cute! 
If you can't talk right now, then don't answer your phone!!!! I swear you ppl slay me!
OH Lawwwd...help me to deal with this person who annoys the crap out of me! Happy Thoughts, PLEASE!
Lazy wknd! I need to get out today... The weather is nice in LV!
@BdizzlefaRizzle Food Porn!
@BdizzlefaRizzle Eat like you mean it!! OMG!
A little surprise hot tamale! 
@TURKEYJ hey did ya make it ok? Never heard from ya! @BdizzlefaRizzle texted u bout SB meet up. LMK.
@MikeGDenos @BdizzlefaRizzle is damn bitter too! Agree 100%!
Happy Bday to my baby girl! I feel so blessed! 
Starving and impatiently waiting on @BdizzlefaRizzle to finish his damn poker game!
Having a rough start to my wrk wk! Last thing I need to hear are rude comments from a colleague! 
49ers! @BdizzlefaRizzle 
We are here supporting! Let's go 9'ers!! @HiScoresLV
Niner Nation! 
Hell Yeah Niners!! 
Free from wk and starving!!
I have a migraine @OMGFactsSex: Orgasms can work to soothe certain aches and pains -- namely migraines and menstrual cramps
@KJPOOHBEAR77 sending good. Ju ju! Take care of you darling! xo
Turned on TV and Menace II Society is on...trying hard to stay up n watch it .
Happy to be off the next 2 days! Woot-woot! Celebrating NYE eve! Yes-ya heard rt!
Spicy Korean Fish soup @Redondo Beach Fish House. 
Crazy it's 90 degrees in L.A.!! Love the heat but hell all I have are sweaters! I guess I get to go shopping : p.
Bowman your run is going to be etched in memory. What an exciting way to close out Candlestick!
Wknt traffic + Holiday traffic + trying to get my ass to see MNF (the last 9ers game @ Candlestick) = PITA
My fave movie Urban Cowboy and a glass of wine to end my nt!
I was so productive last wk that 2day is chill. Getting paid to socialize, yeppers!! hope I didn't just jinx myself! <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><WINKING FACE>
Twelve Wines of Christmas - Wine Enthusiast Magazine - Web 2013 
Really want this day to be better - LA &amp; SD Cali in 8 days.  Can't wait!!
Seriously need to delete ppl frm my FB! Stop w the game req : | n pea brained posts!
Feels grt 2 hv 1 day 2 chill on my couch all day watch Netflix movies &amp; catch up on Walking Dead.
E. veryday to
A. chieve your
D. reams
Happy Sunday Morning peeps! It's starting to get warmer in Vegas! I'm happy!
Holiday in Cali. 
It's chilly in Vegas!! I just want to leave wk, my bed is calling my name! 
Gettin my grub on at Splash Cafe in Pismo! Yum!
SF 49ers Levi's Stadium 
It's a beautiful day in Nor Cali! Great day for grilling and Bloody Mary's with my fave peeps!
@HipHopforChang3 Thank you!
@HipHopforChang3 @elboroomsf I'm trying to purchase 5 tix on the site and I can't change the qty. It's grayed out. Suggestions?
Happy Sunday! It's a nice day to go out for a 3 mile power walk!
After a long wk week, I deserve a Cosmo! 
When the elevator opens and it's dark inside...it creeps me out! I think I'll pass!
My guests really become like my extended family...I appreciate those who appreciate what I do for them!
Working every wknd 'til my holiday break! Counting down the days! Enjoy your Sunday!
Surprise surprise!  Didn't know there's a distillery in UT! 
@BdizzlefaRizzle w the Alien Vodka Girls last nt @LVHHotelCasino 
It's Friday and no wk today!! Woo-woo! Chillin' today! Have a great Friday!
Vegas UR killing me w this traffic! I need my wknd to start now!
Wine Down Wednesday!
Surprise Bday celebration for my friend A.Lo! 
9ers game 2nt w frenz! Go 9ers!!
Great Sunday! Football, brunch, and a spicy Bloody Mary!
What a tough work wk! I stayed optimistic &amp; made the right decisions &amp; I feel great about my decision. 
@MikeGDenos Ur most wlcm! So glad you both made it out! It was an awesome wknd! xoxo
There are no failures, just results. Even if things don’t unfold the way you had expected, don’t be disheartened or give up.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Good times w/family &amp; friends! @MikeGDenos @BdizzlefaRizzle 
@MikeGDenos  looking fwd to seeing you both &amp; celebrating! Can't wait! Text us when you arrive!
►  It WILL take time.
►  It WILL require sacrifice.
►  It WILL be worth it.
Brunch w/the kiddos @ Crepe Expectations...yum-o! 
Gmorning! Happy Saturday! My boxer ready to go in her tutu! Lol. 
Douchebags? Really?! 
With my baby girl <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 
BEAutiful night chillaxin pool side.  Feelin pretty awesome! 
Just moved in my new place &amp; havin' a nice glass of Skinny Girl Cosmo! 
@MikeGDenos miss you guys already! 'twas nice seeing you &amp; the fam! Looking fwd to seein ya in Vegas! xo
@BRAX8 thx so much for accom. us &amp; the fam. U &amp; @Ashers_92 are the best hosts a gst cld ask for! xo
Spending my wknd moving...eehh
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Wow, what chaotic day back at work! 
My niece is getting married &amp; I'm looking  fwd to seeing her &amp; to enjoy my mini vacay! Never thought I'd be happy to leave Vegas!
I will try to be happy under all circumstances right now and where I am today.
Just the start of the wk and I'm already exhausted! I need a glass of wine! <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE>
Happy Sun! Got my cup o' Jo &amp; feeling great on this last Sunday before Football starts! Can't believe it! <FLUSHED FACE>
Just finished hiking today &amp; I feel great! I now plan to not move from my sofa the rest of the nt!
TGIF! Chillaxin' w a bowl of Pho &amp; watchin' one of my fave 90's movies Encino Man...yeah! Bud-dy!
AC/DC coverband #HighVoltage fuckin' awesome!!
So-o ready for the wknd!!!
Spaghetti Bolognese for dinner...and a glass of Pinot! Yum!
Gmorning all! Happy Hump day...off to wk I go!
The feeling of laying on your bed after a long busy day at wk is THE best feeling ever!!
Feeling exhausted from wk that I didn't do a damn thing on Sat &amp; I feel great! Might just chill out again today! <FLUSHED FACE>Happy Sunday!
On my way to the lake w/my crew! :) 
Happy Fri!! Going to do nothin' but play in the lake today!
@BdizzlefaRizzle Happy Birthday to the most kick ass husband! May you fly high in life and touch all your dreams! I <BLACK HEART SUIT> U!
4 day wknd is officially here!! Woo-Hoo! Have a safe &amp; fun 4th of July everyone! Cheers!
It's a HOT MUTHA!!!!! 
With my peeps celebrating my bday. 
@Ashers_92 thank you! Happy early Birthday to you as well! Excited to see you.
@BRAX8 thank you so much!!
@BRAX8 @ashers_92 lookin fwd to this wknd! Can't wait to c u both!
Mentally &amp; physically exhausted! This month seems like the hardest one yet! I need a vacay stat!
@MikeGDenos @BdizzlefaRizzle: Dayuum.. miss that big ol' thang! Enjoy Bro!!! Happy Memorial to you as well.
Slow motion today! Happy Sunday!!
@MikeGDenos thx sweetie! It sure is. that's fo 'sho! Enjoy every sec you have w your little ones. XO
My daughter gets her DL and my son gets his tux for prom. Its been an emotional day for mama! I'm happy for them but they grow too fast.
My daughter passed her drivers test and got her license today! A scary step in life but I'm so happy for her!
Hangin' w the fams! #Battista's #holeinthewall
•  One Family.
•  One Goal.
•  My Team.
My heart goes out to Boston, extremely sad! God Bless!
Sunday afternoon w @BdizzlefaRizzle &amp; shopping makes for a fantastic day! <WINKING FACE>
She is so cute and who is that good looking lady holding her? “@MikeGDenos: I caught me a Lylah bug! 
“@OMGFactsSex: People who have sex about three times a week are perceived to look four to seven years younger.” @BdizzlefaRizzle lol.
Told I look 10 yrs younger! "@OMGFactsSex: People who have sex about three times a week are perceived to look four to seven years younger."
Gsts in all wk/wknd...worked all day &amp; partied w/my visitors at nt wore me out!! I conceded defeat last nt &amp; had to come Hm. #vegas
@MikeGDenos thx babe! Positive juju on the way...miss ya!
I'm really happy with my career path and things are looking up &amp; def great! A hard wk turned out to be a blessing!
2) Decide how you'll get it.
3) Out work everyone else.
4) DON'T EVER QUIT TRYING.
Bumpin to TLC! Good shit!
I love my Starbucks at wk! They're so friendly, know me by name, and know my order and always gets me in and out quick!
Even though I had a rough start this a.m. I still made the best out of my day. And it turned out to be a great one!
Feeling loved today!
82 today and Lovin' it! Wish I can play outside all day!
Today was beautiful! Sipping my a.m. coffee by the pool. Driving w/the windows dwn. BBQ'd. Spring Fwd!!
Happy Thursday! 1 more day until Friday!!
Holy shish-kabob what a day!!! Happy to be hm!!
Day after Superbowl should be a holiday!
He says he's Kaepernicking! Go 9ers! 
The time is always right to do the right thing. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Looks like we're going to have a HarBowl!!!
@KJPOOHBEAR77 hope u are doing well.  My thoughts have been w/u. I've been keeping u in my prayers. Hope someone comes thru for you. Hugs!
Never been so happy watching football!!! Congrats 49ers!!!
Well played 9ers!! Superbowl Bound!!!!
It's always so hard to get bk in the groove of things after the holidays. Happy today wasn't too crazy and its a short wk! Bk to the grind!
@BRAX8 wish you were with us too! Happy New Year! Give my love to Ash! We'll see you both soon! Feb 7th!
Playing a little bit of poker before we start the party! 
I celebrate my successes &amp; accomplishments. Excited for 2013! Be happy &amp; do something ridiculously awesome! Cheers &amp; Happy New Years!
Got our bucket of Corona's and Bloody Mary drinks, we're ready for the 9ers game! 
Happy Noche Buena! Merry Christmas from our family to yours! 
Sunday should be 48 hours instead of the usual 24!
Sunday chill day. Just 1 of those days 2 sit bk listen 2 good music &amp; chill.

Celebrating friends engagement. 
Friends &amp; BBQ time. Hoping to get out and watch #The Man With The Iron Fists tonight..a must see this wknd!
So-o glad it's the wknd! I really needed it!
With my most fave guys in Vegas! 
With my fave guys watching the Det/Nyy game! 
Oh man, I Love a clean car!! Puts me in a relaxed mood!
My baby girl passed her drivers test! Yikes! Days seem like they're flying by, unbelievable how quickly our babies grow up!
It's been a wonderful day! Now time for a glass of wine : )
It's been a chaotic month. Itchin' to get out...took my baby to see Don Henley in concert.
Lousy day at wk. can't seem to shake it so I guess I'll wait it out. Looking at funnies to lighten my mood.  
G'bye Aug..glad 2 c u go! HAPPY Sept! Had a lil' Labor Day wknd fun @  Cirque Elvis Party last nt. Going 2 a Sun draft party. Enjoy ur day.
Bry w/Zac Galifianskis! Loll Hangover! 
crazy day at work and now a flat tire on my way home.  Aaah!!! Ready for this day to end!
Having a place to go - is a hm. Have someone to love - is a family.  Having both is a blessing! 
Out with my daughter for our regular mom/daughter mani/pedi night for some bonding time.
FUN concert was a blast! I Finally got a full 8 hrs of sleep last nt! I'm feeling fresh! Happy Saturday! 
Having a blast with my mama! 
Friends Bday party @ VooDoo. Awesome views &amp; awesome club! 
Wow, what a productive day it was! So many great things! Time to chill out for the night &amp; relax the mind
Finally, Happiness in a bottle!  
The perfect ending of a great weekend! 
Brew tour at Ballast Point. Great beer &amp; great fun! 
Brew tasting with good friends. 
Went to the beach in Ocean side to have lunch. Summertime &amp; the livin' is easy!!! 
Beer tasting! My fave, Barmy Ale 12% alc.  Life is short, drink good beer! 
At Gladys Knight concert!  
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
Off to San Diego for the wknd. Celebrating my baby's bday with friends &amp; a brew tour! Happy Friday!
Curled up on the couch enjoying a glass of bubbly &amp; watching a classic, Say Anything. Great ending to a productive wk.
Forget the glass, give me the bottle of wine! Pronto!
@MikeGDenos @bdizzlefarizzle we had a blast! Thx for making us a part of your plans! Much love!
Waiting... 
TGIF!!! That's all I'm saying!
@MikeGDenos @bdizzlefarizzle 8 hrs til we get to see you! Excited!
Now that's my kind of pizza night! 
Great time with my niece &amp; nephew. Had to take a pic with the pink shoe. 
@MikeGDenos whatever good is happening I'm super happy for you! Keep up the patience &amp; positivity bro!
@MikeGDenos Is it hogle zoo or elephant shit that brings memories. Lmao! Miss ya!
Rise &amp; shine lovies! Happy Saturday!
Won me some cash money! Now heading to a concert! Great night!
I love my job and the ppl I wk with! Out for happy .
Full of compliments today at wk from my clients. Very satisfying! Great day!!
Just got me a new iPhone. So excited! Was always a BB user but so far I'm loving my new phone!
Great nt out last nt w/friends. Just missing my baby! She has had fun w/g-ma but I'm ready for her to come hm. She leaves again in 2 wks.
I'm happy! Really happy &amp; it's awesome!
Still celebrating Bry's bday! He deserves it! Took him to Tommy Bahamas for lunch then shopping! It's a great feeling to see him happy!!
Hope you all have a fun &amp; safe holiday. Happy 4th of July!
Happy Birthday baby @bdizzlefarizzle! Celebrating my baby's bday tonight w/friends.
G'morning &amp; Happy Monday! Had a relaxing wknd, I was able  to catch up on some much needed rest &amp;  now I'm ready for a prod day at wk!
@BdizzlefaRizzle hey lover boy, do you know how much I love you?
B-dubs was awesome! Great night with my handsome boy!  G'night world!
Out with a friend &amp; my son  getting ready to watch Surf the musical. It's been a chill wknd, just missin' 2 loves tonight.
Didn't do a damn thang today! Just straight kick it! Def needed it!
Best wk eva! @BdizzlefaRizzle &amp; my kids spoiled me. Def the best one yet!! I'm so grateful!
@KJPOOHBEAR77 Thx 4 the bday wishes! All the best tmrw. Sending good vibes. xo
@kjpoohbear77  It's not actually 'til Tue but we celebrated last nt. Thank you, sweetie! Xoxo
@kjpoohbear77  It's not actually 'til Tue but we celebrated today. Thank you,sweetie! Xoxo
Fabulous bday party with all my close friends. I'm having so much fun! Thx @bdizzefarizzle you are THE best eva!
Lookin for something fun to do after a chaotic work wk and ended up at a Sake Tasting w/delish Asian food! I'm in heaven!
Drink good wines habitually and fine wine occasionally -- Soothing my tired mind.
My daughter is finally getting her cast off 2day then into a boot for 4 wks. Almost done. Bk to wk tmrw. Hope y'all are having a great Mon!
I gots the rt one rt here w/me! xo RT @bdizzlefarizzle: I am Bryan Denos, the real BD, who are you? Ha, let's find the real #Bryan Denos!
Thank you doll! Me too! xoxo RT @KJPOOHBEAR77: Have a Beautiful day Love wish I was there or you were here thoughts of you
Happy Father's Day to all!! And, esp to @BdizzlefaRizzle, you're truly amazing! Thank you for all you do for us! I <BLACK HEART SUIT> you babe!
Had a great wknd!! Non stop fun! Chilllaxin' today is def necessary!
Mimosas, pool, &amp; shopping...it's been a FAB day!  Ready for the nt to begin, Club Tao! Can't wait! I I <BLACK HEART SUIT> entertaining!!
Woo hoo!! It's Sat in Vegas &amp; I've got my most fave peeps out!
Beautiful Sunday! Off to a BBQ with friends. Hope you are having a great day!
I'm freakin shocked! I think twas wrong judging! 
Bradley wants 2 watch the tape 2 see if he won the fight! Seriously! Freakin hilarious!
Let's go Pac Man!
EDC is in Vegas and it's infreakinsane!! TGIF!
My baby is making a killer chinese dinner, kung pao chicken &amp; orange chicken! He is a great cook! He spoils me! Love him!
@KJPOOHBEAR77 Yay!! I found you! Stay in touch.  xo
Ending my evening in lake lv relaxing enjoying a great jazz band rt on the lake in awesome weather. Perfect way to end a fab sat nt!
Finished wk &amp; now I can relax for the rest of the wknd. It's 107 out, getting some yummy custard. Happy Saturday!
Mind relaxing enviroment is necessary after 3 busy days at wk!  2 more days to go.
Wishing you a wonderful Memorial Day! Thanks to all men and women for serving our country past and present!
Went to THE best holiday party eva! Complete w/WSOP celebrity poker players  yummy grub awesome DJ &amp; best of all cool peeps! Happy Memorial!
Thank you, sweetie! RT @kjerst: happy mothers day!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mamas out there. Truly is the greatest blessing, hardest job and lifes most rewarding experience.
TGIF! Feeling pretty tired today, been a long wk! Doing dinner w/some friends and the fam. Hoping to get some chill time in.
Very glad that my wk day is over! I felt like I've been walking with a fog around my mind all day.
Awesome night! Began the night at the Elton John show then partying it up with friends!
@MikeGDenos thanks! Its almost your bday! Happy happy Bday! Hope you have a great one! Miss you! Xoxo
Looking forward to a great weekend! Happy Friday!
Where's the fight party tmrw nt?  Anyone has info hit me up please! #mayweather #cotto #vegas
Loving every minute of my life!
I got the sweetest love & there ain't nothin' sweeter!
G'morning! Let's make today a great day!
The sun is hot and that ol' clock is movin' slow and so am I.  The workday passes like molases!
Friendships are valuable relationships! Great wknd with friends. I love the ppl I work with!
Taking all the colorful opportunities for fantastic experiences. It's been a wonderful holiday wknd. Happy Easter!
Beautiful weather in Lake Havasu. Having a fabulous time not ready for it to end! Be back very soon!
Diggin' the new Pit Bull song!!
Say how you feel, always. Be you, and be okay with it.
Love waking up to a beautiful morning!! Ready to get my day going!
Sooo nice today!! Tempted to ditch work and hang out pool side. 3 more hrs to go.. TGIF!
In a meeting all day, head is aching and now standing in the longest line ever in cali for lotto tix. Sheesh! I need a drink, lol!
All looks so yummy. Going to try some of the recipes. Thx! RT @Cosmopolitan_LV: Easy Asian-Inspired #Recipes - 
Crrrraaaazy Day! Spring break couldn't get here any faster for me.
Super tired today...2 more hrs left of wk then off to workout then maybe hit the bed : p .
The mistakes I've made in life have taught me so much that I'm thinking about making more.
Happy Saturday! It's starting to warm up in Vegas. Loving this fab weather! Going to a wine &amp; beer tasting event tonight, excited!
Some ppl should learn how to smile, it really doesn't hurt! It actually makes you happy!
Be real, be yourself, be unique, be true, be honest, be humble, be happy.
Hate that awkward moment when you try to befriend someone &amp; they come back all bitchy! WTF! Who needs 'em anyway!
Happy St. Pattys Day! Cheers guiness to guiness!
G'morning! Sipping my coffee &amp; enjoying a peacful morning b4 I head to wk. Crazy busy yesterday, back at it again today!<WHITE SMILING FACE>
@BRAX8 Hope your move went well. Congrats on your new hm!
Great weather, Bloody Mary's & great food. I Love Sundays!
Damn glad it's Friday! Going out with friends tonight, I need a Dry Martini stat!
NEVER, EVER give up on YOURSELF or your most impassioned DREAMS! If you REALLY WANT something with ALL your HEART, GO GET IT!!
Chill nt with the Hubs, sippin on white wine & made some Panang Shrimp Curry...soo good!
Out with @BdizzlefaRizzle def needing it after a very busy wk. I think I've exhausted my thinking power! Have a great Fri my love bugs.
I'm a peasant by some standards but in your eyes I'm a queen you see potential in all my flaws and that's exactly what I mean.
My son brought me home flowers from a cherry blossom tree. Love that kid! <BLACK HEART SUIT>
Help! Brain Overload!!!
Great day at work today! Winding down with a glass of wine & CSI Las Vegas.
Weather is absolutely perfect! Happy Saturday!!
Watching Ghostbusters... Loved that show when I was a kid. Slimer was my fave ghost : p.
There aren't any words to describe how I've been feeling lately...
Coffee, the first peripheral!
Kept up again last nt by some kids partyin' in the prkg lot w/techno music blastin' 'til 4am. Literally losing it! #aptliving
Sugar always makes me feel better : D
FB is such a chore.. some ppl drain me reading some of their posts.
Life is too short to spend time with ppl who suck the happiness out of you.
Sunday Dim Sum... yum-o! Happy Sunday!
Thx! So excited for u as well... great things to come in the coming months & yr. RT @BRAX8: Congrats! Again!!! I'm excited for this
Love dueling piano bars, always a great time!
@bdizzlefarizzle just proposed...again!! We're renewing our vows 9/13/13!
Beautiful day in Vegas! Going out with the fam for lunch & do some much needed retail therapy.
G'morning! Sipping my coffee & watching the funeral coverage of #Whitney Houston. God Bless you... RIP.
Oooh Friday how I love thee...
Congrats to you & Sami! Wish you both all the best. RT @TURKEYJ I'm so excited to be a dad. Life Is amazing! Change is inevitable!
Been feeling so tired this wk.. happy it's a 4 day wknd for me .
Watching #Ellen videos...she is a HILARIOUS! She always can make me smile & give me a great laugh.
Feel like it's impossible to keep my teen happy.. slowly losing strength to keep up.
It's a challenge to rise above the non-postive attitude of others... I can either love the injured person inside or remove myself from them.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. @BdizzlefaRizzle Happy V-day Handsome! xoxo
Happy Valentines Day everyone! Create some random acts of kindness and love for everyone today. &lt;3
Exciting!! Happy 4 u & Brax! We're def coming out! Miss u guys!! RT@Ashers_92: Found my wedding dress today!! :) sooo excited!
Sad news, Whitney Houston...May you RIP. Thoughts and prayers to her family.
ChilLAHN at Sail Beach at Lake Mead wishing I can go wake boarding.. Fab Day!
Feeling grateful and wonderful today. Happy Saturday everyone!! &lt;3
Sunshine & warm weather makes for a happy girl!
Happy Birthday @TURKEYJ hope it's a great one!
G'Morning Lovelies! Happy Friday! It's been a great week. Made the fam blueberry wheat pancakes, great start to our morning!
Great things are happening.. this wk has a been great week! Ending my night with a yummy Italian meal @BdizzlefaRizzle made, Chicken Parm.
Looks fantastic! Your quite the cook, yummy!! RT @kjerst: Wonderful stir fry and black Bellini peach tea!
@BdizzlefaRizzle Aw, baby you make me so happy! I do love you so much handsome!
Chillan with a movie and curry tonight.
Gmorning! Out having coffee while waiting for my daughter to finish her audition. It's a beautiful Saturday. Hope your day is great!
Super glad it's Friday! Going to see my daughters dance performance tonight. Hope you have a great Friday night!
2 wks of my weight training challenge & I'm feelin' gr8! Did this 5 yrs ago & kicked ass. Excited for the outcome!
G'morning world! Woke up to some negative nellies & another sleepless night.. sigh.
I love cooking with wine, sometimes I even put it in the food.
Almond butter & jelly sandwiches for my afternoon snack - yummers!
TIRED! Didn't sleep well last nt, & haven't the last few days. Seriously OD-ing on coffee. Need something that makes me feel like I slept.
Very happy to say it's been a productive day! Now off to go for my nightly walk with my son.
I wish I had more patience. I really don't like to wait : p
G'morning love muffins! It feels like spring outside. A wonderful start to my morning.
Raising a teenage daughter has been my hardest job yet...
Thinking how far I can take my creative efforts...
Had one of those off days today.. thankful for my hubby who always know how to lift my spirits.
@BdizzlefaRizzle is so supportive & amazing! Love u to the moon!
Sry 9erfaithful...  had a gr8 season & I know it's painful but this season was nothing short of awesome 4 them! Let's make 2day a gr8 1!
Dayuum, I'm feelin' good! Let's go 9ers'
Think I'm going cook and watch some football today. Not a huge football fan but can't help but be excited for the 9ers today.
Happy Chinese New Year, yr of the Dragon. Hoping this yr is like Puff The Magic Dragon!
@texasblu_nr4l shit, I've been needing some ME time!
Keep life in perspective. The possibilities and opportunities will always far outweigh the difficulties.
Energy Flows where your attention goes. So focus on what makes you feel happy & healthy instead of the opposite.
Today feels like a Monday... : /
@HollyDenos I'm still learning, too. You're not alone : D. Wlcm!
NYE weather looking wonderful! Wld like to wish everyone a safe & Happy NY! I am looking fwd to manifest my best intentions for my future.
I want to thank every single person that called, texted, and came by to the party yesterday. Love you all!
@TURKEYJ Haha! Sry for being so blunt.
Nothing is more expensive than bad advice you get for free
I hate that full bladder sensation. I must say, that initial relief of peeing after holding it in for too long is better than an orgasm!
Had a busy day with Dr & dental appts. Winding down with a glass of wine and watching one of my all time favorite, Urban Cowboy.
Going to the city with the fam to do some retail therapy. Excited to get out for a bit.
Good morning all! Chorizo & eggs, don't mind if I do.
Thinking I should put up a xmas tree in my hotel room for xmas. Should be pretty swank right? Want to make it festive for the fam.
Good morning all! Happy Friday!
If you would judge, understand.
You have to work for what you want everyday to the point that you can almost taste it.
Today is a day to be together with the ones you love and a day to give thanks to all we have. Happy Thanksgiving!
Going for lunch with my hubby! Hope you're having fun preparing for Thanksgiving ; )  No stress, it's Wednesday Wine day!
Good morning! Another beautiful day! Off to Red Rock-Bonnie Springs for a little rustic entertainment! Hope you have a great Saturday!
There's so much negativity. Ppl need to be more positive! Think happy thoughts and have fun!
I love coffee time, I'm not awake without it.
Where theres a will, theres a way. It might take several tries or longer than you expect. But if your will stays strong, you will get there!
It's a great Sunday! Chillaxin' at home watching the 9ers game, enjoying Brats & Bloody Mary's with the fam.
Life is so good, it gets better everyday! Happy Beautiful Saturday!
I absolutely &lt;3 being w/my kids! I &lt;3 having those silly moments w/them. Time 2 unwind, g'night!
My boxer Sierra is in her Terrible 2's! She has so much energy that she makes me tired just watching her.
@BdizzlefaRizzle Hey you, you're moving too fast...I can't catch you when you're moving like that : ) . I miss you! I love you!  xoxo
Having a great day off with my kiddos. My daughter made me an awesome raw juice & my son made shrimp dumplings. They're the best kids!
No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't trying.
@BdizzlefaRizzle ha! that dang weezy!! I don't like weezy!
Coffee is the best thing to douse the sunrise with. Morning all!
Dear rappers, please stop putting sirens in your music, it scares the shit out of me while I'm driving.
No matter where you go, there will always be bad drivers.
@MikeGDenos Done!!! : P
G'morning! Sun is shining bright, its a beautiful day out. Going out to enjoy the day with the fam. Hope you have a great Saturday!
@MikeGDenos Sorry for the late reply I just figured out what the mentions tab was for D'OH! Thx for the wlcm! xo
@PedroEReese  thx for recommending the website, I'll def be checking it out.
@DavidKeeffe  thx for recommending the website, I'll def be checking it out.
Cafe Patron...F****n Brilliant!
G'morning & Happy Friday! Anyone have awesome plans this wknd? I have a fun wknd planned with the fam. Have a great day everyone.
Looking for inspiration & decor ideas for a shabby chic bedroom design, any suggestions?
Too Funny! I loved the 2 little boys at the end...You Sneaky Mom! Haha!  
Super tired today, but my boxer wants me to play with her.
My daughter just taught herself how to play "No Woman No Cry" on the guitar...I'm so proud of her!
Just watched Boyz N The Hood...Furious Styles is one of the coolest character names. Classic movie!
