Yep, humans love the feeling of feeling loved. I loved being loved. I dnt undersrand why i had to fall for fake love.
I felt so good being loved, "knowing" that he loved me like no other, that he wouldnt leave, cheat. So difficult to know it was all lies :(
@HindsEmily @Guyincogn wow :(
@HindsEmily @Guyincogn introvert - narc trap? I met mine at 16 :S
N "it was really hot today in -city name-" Me "hmmm" N "what with u, seems u didnt miss me" me "pls tell me correct answer to climate talk"
@mrcann @destroyeddad im so sorry :(
Amazing what life w o N is: paceful &amp; light.
Haha. This made me cry &amp; angry @ same time. After all of this i cant even love.. let alone harder 
I hate that N was able to appear like the victim bc his exw tried to pressure him 4 more $ by not allowing kids to see him. He won.
I exist only in the propotion of my husband needs.
Mothers day is big in my country. I hate it &amp; i hate hating it.
Tells the driver how important is his job
12 hr Narc free. N is going out of town. He will be back tonight.
I do beleive that both your parents werent fair to him
On how N fights for his mom to value him. I can see this stuggle eveytime. Whit his sister has "done less" and has all moms love. Tough
"They wrote really imprsssive things of u in the press" said MIL "they didnt just write it, ive done that shit. Ive done a lot" N
All i ask from everybody is to leave me alone. If there is not gonna by any emlathy its ok. But get away.
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox yep all 5 of them. Everytime at the same time
@1124pebbles i dont really care for this days. I do it for my son &amp; for not to hear the end of it w my mom
Started to complain aboit me bring pit all week: mon-tur-wed w uncle @ hospital. Didnt arrve later than 7pm. Thu i took 2 planes. Yes
Im not surprised. I agreed w him "i agree i didnt consider u, do u want to come... i dpubt it. Tell me pls how to arrange next yr" so  he
@Snowflake_Fox yep. Once they tear you apart you r weaker &amp; they hate not being part of the celebrarion or center of attenntion
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit im so sorry. Try to ne nice to yourself pls
"Connie u made ur plans 4 today &amp; didnt even ask me" today is mothers day. N hates my mom. Om going for a 2 hr breakfast w my son, bro &amp; mom
@Soulburn5  be nice to yourself. Whatever reasons must hv been hardest thing ever &amp; in the belief there wasnt other way. Hugs.
N wakes me from nap to inform me he is gonna walk the dogs &amp; says ivnt paid attention to him all day. I didnt even reply to that.
After me telling N id be needing extra 900 usd for my lost rrading glasses. They appeared im car glove compartment. Crazy fuck
Realised that what drives me crazy about my mom is how she critizes, judges, forgets, cancels, abandons, blames but if said soemthing cries
My mom gets to critize &amp; complain everytime i see her. If i complain something she burts into tears. Too much for me right now
@OksanaFit i hope its for your best
I hv to hide $, charging cables, earphones. Those things that if i dont hv his life is not afected but that i neeed.
To buy again. I miss them daily. I hate having to keep hiding things from him.
I know that N has stolen from me. I lose stuff all the time. Thing that has hurt me more: my amazing red reading glasses which i dont hv $
I dont enioy mothers day. I will go see my mom. She will be as always bitter &amp; judgemental as she has become due to abuse &amp; depression
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo it was weird. An on going nasty joke. He is abusive not as psyco narc husband, but not nice.
@NpdSurvivo @smiley959375 mine says "u are mine". Ex husband (not narc) used to say "jokingly" he'd bought me, made me cringe everytime
@NpdSurvivo @smiley959375 want you to tear yourself thinking aboit whats it the phone. Even if at this right moment he werent cheating
@NpdSurvivo @MrsXNoMore nope mine is (was) a big kisser
@NpdSurvivo :) thnx. I try to see everyyhing from a "cientific" point of view. As if he were a experiment / investigation subject.
@NpdSurvivo @smiley959375 not the bad guy, the clearer guy which scares them to death. They feel the pain of losing supply thus blaming u
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo i can imagine. Anyway rude or not rude one does not cheat. Yours i so like mine... :(
@NpdSurvivo @smiley959375 i push myself to rational thinking about all this. I try not to take it personal, hurts less
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo the more you react to sometying more they will do it. I ignore him. He comes bk to me. Crazy as fuck
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo i take notes. Maybe when i leave i will tell him i knew but i just didnt care anymore. Let him wonder why...
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo i no longer react. It drives him crazy. He might wonder how come im not jelaous anymore.
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo mine too. Makes stuff to lead me to think he is cheating. Has only once done it openly &amp; i left. Hoovered me bk
@smiley959375 @NpdSurvivo another persons rudness as excuse for cheating? Thats twisted &amp; dellusional to say the least
@SharkBait0508 i read your tweets. Stay strong friend. This last encounter seems to hv cleared your hrad even more :)
"@SharkBait0508: OMG, this is SO The Shark!!! 
@SharkBait0508 wow. Maybe its wrong but knowing they suffer &amp; have a hellish tne its comforting.
@SharkBait0508 how are you doing?
hear thunder,
remember how
much i love storms

#tenwords
I know je is going to give me a hard time this weekend. He has all the argunents lined up
 I can see them &amp; ive hrard some already
He saiys i spoil the joy of coming home. How about him spoiling my fun to be at home?
It infurriates me when ina fight he uses the exact same argunents i had uaed in morning twisting everything around
@MultiTaskingCat i think the vokuntwring idea is awesome.
@MultiTaskingCat i know,  a 20 yr old once &amp;she really hates other pets around her but one of my dogs loves &amp; its impsoble to make her leave
@MultiTaskingCat im handling N's craziness smartly. I rarely engage i predict almost all reactions. Still trapped
@MultiTaskingCat did you take it home? :)
If there is something i hate is leaving my home. Im e hausted mentally physically. And i KNOW N wl act up
 He knows im weak.
Monday Tue &amp; Wed i was @ hospital. Yest out of town 2 planes 7am &amp; 10pm), today mothrrs day luncheon @ kid school. Sun: mothers day
I know life is horrible. She isnt the only one suffering. But she is so ill by know that has turned bitter &amp; egoisyical
Sunday. Ill hv to see my mom. I mad at her as she coulnt bring herself to go hospital to see my uncle.
Celebrate her. Since my kid was borm i fake happiness. Used to make big lunches for my mom &amp; MIL (1st marriage) &amp; kid. Now im dreading
Making her leave the country (she went to marry a narc). Mothers day wasnt something she cared about until q day sudenly 1 has to
I dont feel like celebrating my mom. Her illness has made her brqin mush. As she wont accept responsability &amp; still blames me for
Mothers day is a bog thing in my country.
I dont consider myself a good mother. Ive failed in so many ways. I see them happy, relaxed. Wonder hkw that is.
It is difficult form the to be along ppl i dont know well. I get anxious, i compare myself to those ladies
 Feelong ove doen it all wrong
Mothets days breakfast @ school probably the worst "celebration" im not friends w the moms &amp; i feel misft. 8 times ive done tihs.
@savebunny its the most horrifying feeling. Tor me it lasted months
"@savebunny: When you lose the words to describe how lost you feel.....you know you have entered a whole new level of low."
@cosmiqparadox how are you friend? Any new on your husband? I pray inlaws dont make your life another hell
Me: Day out of town 7 am plane out, 8 pm plane in. Who complained of having packed day: N
My dad adked about my life. I was pretty honest its crappy as i live w a crazy person. Told him i need 2000 usd a month &amp; cant fond way to
3 days @ hospital w uncle + today w dad w cancer. N texts that it is the 3rd &amp; complains randomly Just to keep me in my toes i guess
@OksanaFit i have known them for 7 yrs. They all know each other well. PLUS the usual joy of living with a Narc :( sorry 4 rant
@OksanaFit friday is mothers day breakfast at kid school wich i hate going as im very introvrrt &amp; arent ftiends w other moms even when i
@OksanaFit at another hospital. My mom wont go to umcle hospital bc she is too weak &amp; depressed - which pissed me-. Tomorrow business trip
@OksanaFit yeah. Dad has cancer. Never close to him. Domt know what to feel - do. Scared of what this will arise in N. Tough week, uncle is
I wish i hadnt met N. Im still hving trouble on saying goodbye to the guy i met in 1988 but im recalling his stunts
And again... do i wait for him to wake up and get angry bc i hv to leave or i wake him? This is everyday
I wish i hd some1 i could lean on. But who? Mom.. she is absolutly mentally crippled, uncle? Still trying to figure out. Friends? None.
The months to come w dad dying &amp; N. Maybe discard will come (fitting moment). All i want to do is cry. But i wont infront of N.
Truth is we were never clos much less after i went ti live w N. Tiday ill go to hospital.
My dad has cancer. Seems there isnt much to do
 ImHO w little info i hv, he was misdiagnosed 1 yr ago. Im still trying to understand
Ppl who annuounce their birthdays on SM make me feel as if they are seeking attention so badly ... makes me wonder why
@smiley959375 they go bananaa if he'd knew about this
@smiley959375 iveocked acct but i do like finding new ppl &amp; hving it open is good for that. Then i thonk if he read this i'd know imediatly
@MyXNarcBF thnx for validating. I feel such a crazy person.
@Snowflake_Fox i know. I read that if one becines like a private investigator then one has been w a narc
@2ndlast2rise i wish them the best from afar.
@OksanaFit poor kids. They are better off wo dad but they must hurt. Birthdays coming up.
@2ndlast2rise malignant narcisist psychopath so i think they are better off. But they must hurt. Sad situation for all
@2ndlast2rise she used to deny him seeing them until je got tired. Now is angry at kids too "as they should look for him" my hisband is a
@2ndlast2rise to his kids neglect. Hasnt seen them in ages. Exw doesnt let him either. They are #pas abused &amp; dad uses it as excuse
Ive tried to make N understand up to a fight point that his kids hv nothing to blame. That they hv been #pas abused. N doesnt care, he's mad
And i cant help them as bc of trying to help i ended wo $. Now i look 1st for me &amp; kid. Still my heart breaks for his kid
I just reminded N his 1st born is turnibg 15 next week. Lets see what he does. Poor kid my heaet goes to him even when i cant help him
@carriecarrie99 i try to be. This is my only scape from hell. If he read this &amp; knew it was from me... hell would break lose.
Like i said once to 1 i wrongly confided in "how do ypu kbow he doesnt read our chats?" "Because im alive"
Sometimes i get paranoid &amp; think one of u is N. Then i realise that if he read all this he wouldnt be able to control his rage.
Ive convinced N to empower me bf clients so he has to work less. Im gonna build a rep for me.
@Snowflake_Fox paet of why N prayed on u i that u r used to being abused by mom &amp; sis. Leave. Seek help u r in a 1st world country.
@Snowflake_Fox i know exaclty what you feel. I dont even remember whar i truly loved... i know if u stay w ur fam u will never see light
@Guyincogn u know is most painful whenn something so wonderful is used as weapon. I was addicted sexually to him, remember? That has changed
Maybe N is really starting to realise he needs to work.
@Snowflake_Fox ur fam is so disfuctional it isnt funny. Im sorry. U wont stop begging for death until u leave that place. Pls leave
@Guyincogn i know its hard to understand. Sex is a trap.
@Guyincogn its just sex. Another weapon. He uses it activly. Some deny it. Its only 1 more of his tactics.
@Guyincogn if i get in the shower wo him or in his schedule its me agresivily avoiding him. Its harfer to deal that getying into the mood
His moves &amp; it was me healthy mind rejecting crazy. I mever forgot him. I alwys remember him being kind &amp; me not loving him back Enuff
N had me conviced the weirdness in our relatioship was introduced by me being harsh, not loving... little did i know he was still polishing
I remember him begging me to go out w him, until bf came home &amp; then decide. I never really got to speak to bf again &amp; N &amp; I story was weird
we realised bf &amp; N had been classmates in elementary. Needless to say N wrote to bf &amp; we gave each other a "break" 1 used by N to hook me
1 of the 1st things i remember about N from when we met in HS is being angry @ him bc he mocked me about my boyfriend in military academy
Sex as a duty. This is what we've come to. There isnt 1 part of oir life in which i can relaxedly enjoy or know what to do.
Do i wake N ti hv sex or i let him sleep &amp; get belittled about not hving sex because ive gotta leave to do some stuff at 9? Either way bad
@OksanaFit thnx myfriend
Today. As eveyday. I open my eyes &amp; i feel some1 hitting me in stomach. Mornings hv been like this since i started dating N. Anxiety 24/7
Thnx my friends. Has been a difficult day dealing with very mix feelings about every1 &amp; everything. Im just scared. I reacived all your love
It hurts hving poured my heart to some ppl just to find out they participated in smear campaign
Im angry. Angry at life. Angry at me. A d i dont know how to wnd this rage. I hate myself &amp; everything ive done.
"@cervezamami: I don't fuckin like u why am I gonna go outta my way to make U feel comfortable? Get real bitch"
@dallas76266 @Light_Life_Love i remember the 1st time i though: he is not talking to or about me. It was eerie. Took me months to catch on
I am responsable &amp; to blame 4 everything has happend to me. But if u r gonna judge me. Fuck off.
@dallas76266 she keeps saying stuff like "stand up  infront of him" if she kbew the danger she wouldnt dare.
@dallas76266 no im not. She cant or wont get grip in her life.
Mentally exhausted. I hate that being out of my house drains me like this. And going bk home to darkness just kills me everytime
Im tired of ppl faking. My fam doesnt believe im being abused and thinks im hving a good time. That why i domt visit. To defend myself more?
My mum told me "u think nobody loves u" "no i think u r used to be being available and im hving a horrid time at home, but its my prob"
Should have seen it coming.
Im just bitter. After a boring but calm weekend starting monday w wierdy misplaced toiletries &amp; complains on how i sleep was enuff to set me
Ive come to distrust any1 who acts nice
"@Light_Life_Love: Have you been accused off something that the narcissist is actually doing? #Projection"
All i see is darkness. No light. No way out. I cant pray for death. Not even that. Im stuck in hell
Good is going to watch those mocking me end in the same dumpster as i. Rejoice. You all are as sick &amp; stupid as me.
I no longer feel the pang of pain when thinking on missing stuff from life. All i feel is pain all over.
If it werent for kid id kill myself.
I just wish for everthing to end.
Some ppl i confided in have spoken ill of me. Even worse than N. There goes being able to trust.
Uncle always has pushed his relatuoship w dead partner as perfect. Family always though otherwise but cant argue vs dead can we?
I dont care what N is up 2 as long is not against me. I wish he could disapear. Isnt that i dont want to confront its that i know it useless
I feel like crap. Hospital day w my uncle who has to win every topic of conversation. Mum "cant" come bc is depressed.I dont want to go to N
Like the covert abuse my husbans does, never on time, never disclosing info, demanding whatever he needs. Not helping.
Im so tired of everybodys crap
Setting boundaries will be the name of the game. Also deleting toxic &amp; abusive ppl from my life.
She even when to extreme of blaming one ex boyftiend of mine i dated briefly durning 1989. Not being able to make herself responsable
Ive been blamed by my mom for destroying her life twice (MAKING her leave the country when i was 18) by me leaving country when i was 37.
Feb 2009 i left country to live w N. My mothers life went to rocks as she lost her reason to live (my son), this are her words.
I remember my mom always complaining during vacations, always being deoressed. If u ad the abuse my grandma make her go thru. Im lef orphan
I can say that since i was 18 i hvnt had a mother... she behaved like 1 when i staeted dating N (using me as excuse to leave husband)
Has blamed me for stuff thats ridicuouls. Also manipulated info "ur dad didnt want to hv kids" not shit it has shown for years.
She has installed herself into victim mode for so long its not funny. Blames ME for leaving country
 Cannot accept her hisband is psuchopath
mother is 67 yo. She couldnt dress herself to come to hospital to be w brother she lives with.Total lack of everything. She just doesnt care
Meanwhile N is cheating &amp; lying again and diverting to me by blaming me for sleeping. Happy monday
Rushing to the hospital w my uncle. My mum unable to acompany him in cab. Lets see if she can step up a bit.
He is diverting attention. I didnt bulge i told him when he sleeps is ok &amp; when i do is bc im agressive. Left house for meeting.
N is angry bc i slept early &amp; we didnt hv sex(when he finally woke up (1020)i was hitting shower late 4 a 10 am meeting. Left him sultking
@throwupthehornz :) and with you, my friend
I hate knowing that any normal actovity w o his consent will create a problem
Monday 835 am. I know i cant go i to shower wo creating a fight
 We jv meeting here at 10
 Wanna bet he moves meeting?
Weekend was quite boring. We watched tv &amp; napped. Still i hate it thats monday again. Life is like this here. No day seems good.
@Guyincogn true. Thnx
@Guyincogn and yet i still can get away. Its really weird knowing and not being able to see beyod this. You did manage to move :)
@Guyincogn its hard not no blame myself as i remember happily enabling him, giving up little boundaries i had &amp; im still here.
Shit happens :( 
"@MeDicenMada: 'Why am I afraid to lose you, when you're not even mine?'"
@Guyincogn how are you doing?
@Guyincogn he wasnt playing same rules since 1988. Makes me rethink all my life :S
Its apmost funny as i was thinking earlier that he was gping to say something about me sleeping earlier (1030 pm) then him... i knew it.
#justnow "it aint fair that u fall asleep so early i wanted to hv sex" (its always ok if he falls asleep 1st. N is tired, im bad, get it?)
@OksanaFit been a stream of stupid events
@OksanaFit looking back all my life has
"Connie, you know you go beyond being a good wife, dont you... ?" Yesterday. Still dont know if he was complimenting or insulting
I need a way to forgive myself. I made myself available for N to destroy me. I opened my soul &amp; my heart as i never had before. I got burned
Not knowing he is a malignant narc was my doom. My only salvatipn woild hv been knowing &amp; a very good marriage. I didnt. On contrary
In the era of fb N would hv found me &amp; i now know that if it had been his wanting nothing would jv been different from how it was
I feel like a hamster in its hamster wheel.
I dont feel strong to fight N. I am tired being hyper vigilant of me of him. I dont see a way out as much as i work, plan, read, prepare...
I must prepare mentally to endure as long as i can. And when discard comes, to survive as best as i can for my son.
By N makes me feel there is no way out. That there hs never been &amp; that is why scaping this hell is not seen as possible. Im trapped forever
He has told me hed surely wouldve looked for me. Acknowledging that i was going to be targeted one way or the other, sooner or later...
His voice was like a trigger that took me to that guy who said hd love me forever when i was 16 &amp; was hooked to the 1 saying it 20 yrs later
Or had fell for other Psycho. And w fb not falling fir N agaun would hv been quite dificult. Looking bk on how everythingbstarted i can say
Maybe id gone bk to my husband (sexless marriage, porn watcher, i hd 90% income, silence treatment for up to 1 month)
I dont know what wouldve been my life is i hadnt decided to start something w N. What i kboe is that i wouldnt be im debt. Or would i?
"@Light_Life_Love: DANGER!! ɐ uɐɹɔıssısʇ ʍıll ʇuɹu ʎouɹ ʍoɹlp ubsıpǝ poʍu"
As if he read what i write after ignoring me yesterday today we hv lunch at a place i love, wirh friends. Why? For what?
This rant is me trying to kill this guilty feeling &amp; this hurting bc none of my efforts paid in any way. I gave to ppl that cant give bk.
Helped, has money, lended car, tood care of dogs
 Now im not of any use? Non of people i have told about abuse have helpef one bit. Im done.
You know what? I dont fucking care about most people now. I just want my kid to be ok. Every1 else can rot in hell. I was good while i
Sargent Pepper i was called by mom &amp; brother. All bc i wanted to be left alone. Then making fun of my "book friends". Dark places.
I was made beleive i was too harsh. Too cold &amp; too strong. Feeling misfit &amp; making me softer was what i did.
All life feeling a misfit &amp; out of place. To find out im a introvert &amp; hv been abused at 43 is no fun
 Gotta rethink whole life.
Is not a question of wanting 2 stay next 2 N. Is that i dont find a way out. Yeah. Crucify me but $ does play a stellar part in this drama
I posted a congratulary comment for thosr supporting Mayweather being his a ciminal.
 N manly stood up for batered women too. If ppl knew
@throwupthehornz hahaha :)
I want for it to be tomorrow so i can post my may the 4th be with you annual post. This patjetic i am
Many upperclass girls beaten by powerful men like N have posted pictures of bruises on MS... N shouldnt play w fire. Im no longer ashamed.
I know our divorce will come after violence of some sort, which i will use in my favour.
I just told N i dont want to talk about last night fight as i think Mayweather should be in jail "Yes, bc he is an beater" N said. ...
@OksanaFit i think me acknowledging im bored it a step foward. Fun, loving times are over, this is just one more reminder.
@MultiTaskingCat thnx my friend xxoo
I am bored. Bored of not doing nothing and giving an image of a happy joyful marriage. I hate both of us
Its like my fam only cam see the good by making you remember the bad. Always comparing. Today ive realised i dont hv a family.
Son lost weight. Instead of saying "u lok good" they say "its a relief you look better than before" my son is 11. Why the fucking negativity
Life brcomes for them. Mine is lost. Amd i dont fucking care.
Better alone than baggered by this ppl.asked my brother to talk or chat abiut something weeks ago. Got ignored. Last straw. Lets see how
In their eyes im here w N bc i want. Me not hvng $ is consideree an excuse not a real problem. Did i mention non hv kids?
Every fucking weekend. Family xmas gatherings dissapreared whe  i wasnt able to organize them (being brutally abused &amp; depresssed).
Between N, my own persinallity &amp; my family taking me for granted alwaus im quite fed up. It seems i was useful when i had $ &amp; catered thrm
And all they make is that when i am with them i am recalled of why i dont trust or want to be with them.
Lives when my bro &amp; i were 17 &amp; 15. So why r they surprised that i dont throw myself on helping them? They also know about N abuse.
Lack of support. Real support for me has been the trademark. Also compaining about what i decide. My mom &amp; dad left us to make their own
Truth is that i dont want ppl around.Ive served many ppl without recognition &amp; a simple thank u. I dont care if i die alone. Ive been alone
My mo is depressed, my uncle is turning weird w all his selfies &amp; always being right. And my brother is gone &amp; busy.
For ppl around me just to be called a pain in the neck (mom, brother, SIL). Now complain is im detached: u hated me being pushy didit u?
I know my mother is hurting but unless she aknowledges what her husband did to her there is noting we can talk &amp; i got tired of doing stuff
Its me bringing all this animals. 3-4 cats its more than enuff &amp; hving dogs requieres too much work for a lazy N. I hv dreamnt of a pet free
Its not funny not wanting to hv this animals here when  i love them dearly. I wish they hadnt come -all r adopted /rescued by N. Ppl think
9 pets was a trap,i hate hving so many but i cant send any of em away cause i love them.Ive chosen the 1s im taking but still too many 4 now
During weekeds maid walks dogs. If he is sick i walk dogs, if its weekend we walk rhe dogs. N never really walks his 2 dogs.
Maybe that i do invite her over when she wants has made het texts scarse.
For stories told i used to thing FIL was the evil one as he was phisically abusive, but MIL is acting up weirdly.Weirdly she hasnt contacted
She yook bk as her drivers personal had broken down &amp; was lendind it to him. That she told me. Like mother like son. He does same shit
Remember how good she was when you needed her. Once when we arrived bk in country &amp; we didnt hv a car she let us hv her spare, which she
She has a very close &amp; weirdly dependant realtionship w M sister. MiL seems to be 1 of those ppl who wpuld do anything 4 u &amp; forever make u
If its making me mad at her i imagine what N feels &amp; how this mom behavior might hv helped psycho FIL to craze N up.
How come she only reaches out when she is gonna be unreacheable? &amp; always wants to see us but her trip agenda doesnt allow her
Ive discovered N mom only calls when she is leaving on a trip. Its her way saying i care while in covert manner bragung her lifestyle
Maybe the hardest thung is accepting that N doesnt care about abything i say. He overuns conversations. Im tired. Im sad. No1 2 talk with
Bc we've been snacking all weekend wo moving and wo eating real food weve had a horrible night. I told him so. Now he saus he is sick
"@KimSaeed: Emotional abuse and covert narcissism 
I like eating out. It seems thats the only thing we dont ever hv money for.
Life w an N that doesnt want impress you is boring. He doesnt want or let any1 do anything. Long weekends doing nothing.
"@KtotheK40: To purposely hurt someone already dealing with a traumatic life event makes me think she's never had a trama in her life EVER."
N s good mood lasted exactky 1hr upon coming home. Of course its my falt bc i got irritated on being interrupted for 5th time. Bk 2 fuck u's
I love working. Staying at home depresses me. He now wants me to go bk to housewife. Im not gonna let him do that again
If i only knew how to get a nice paying job i could leave w my kid and no worry. Im not afraid of working im afraind of not finding a job
@DiaryOfAnEcho it has nothing to do w my sleepung schedule). At least i can understand this now
@DiaryOfAnEcho he can sleep for days i take a nap or go to bed early &amp; makes it an ordeal saying our marriage is in the rocks (i agree but
@DiaryOfAnEcho the day i realised non of the "good times" were worth it as they were never really good my head started changing
@DiaryOfAnEcho it used to hurt me. Now i find it quite a nice free time ;)
Ow posting on living without remorse. I know that wi change
Information in internet that is helping us understand ourselves is serving abusers too. If you hadnt noticed :(
Once little after mask fell N told me "the guy u want bk wont come bk ever bc i dint whant him bk" THAT time he wasnt lying.
@HindsEmily @TheCrankyGddess same thing happens here. Narc traching respect to my sin
@smiley959375 @dallas76266 the night before i when to live w him i cried. I thought it was bc i was leaving the country :(
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep i can understand that. Ive learned to back down &amp; i dotn jv kids w him :(
What a  amazing night sleeping alone!
@smiley959375 sadly he does see it. He just doesnt care (best case) or its enjoying it (worst case).
N convinced my that i deserved to be pampered, recive gifts, be loved, get kissed, hv pictures taken, be haooy..then took everything away.
@smiley959375 mine Neither. Dont take it personal
 I sotpped asking about his day.
@smiley959375 @dallas76266 Same here. As i moved in things stated changing subtly. Yet as i look bk i was pretty uncomfortable from start
@RileyPep i was thinking in the lines of teddy bears (gives me 2 or more a yr) highschool tapes, love letters... watch&amp;rings i'll sell
@OksanaFit @bendlikeawillow yes i plan to keep the written threats.
@RileyPep i dont hv kids w him. I plan to leave everything i can. He will get the message that i a fotever thing.
@divorcequeen @OksanaFit worst mistake ever! Just gives abuser new stuff to pick on.
I didnt go on a trip w N to spend day w kid. My exh hasnt brought me the kid yet. Im really pissed &amp; N is gonna rage.
@RileyPep yep. Makes sense
@bendlikeawillow @OksanaFit i totally get that if u hv a kid u cannot erase him. Kid has to do that when time comes. Also u need proof
@bendlikeawillow wow kudos!!!
@bendlikeawillow thnx for answering. I dont hv a kid w him so im wndering what others do/did. I plan to leave some very iconic things
Someday she will, when discarded and changed for the new one. She'll know
If ow could see the loving hoovering sexual cute texts N sends me shed kill herself.
I imagine N tells his girlfriends we travel a lot to keep the company image. If they only knew the love dramas he makes...
@bendlikeawillow so if you didnt hv kid w him youd toss everything out? Deleting him from everywhere?
@carriecarrie99 i plan selling little jewerly i hv
@bendlikeawillow i understand for the kid. But love letters? Personal couples stuff?
@RileyPep ok. Pics &amp; stuff for kids, but love letters or hate mail?
Me to go bk to not working. I said no. Little clarity, health &amp; strengh has come from proving myself i cam work again. He is nuts!
N said other day we might close company &amp; live in his speking gigs, so we dont hv to pay employees. O told him id get job he said he wants
Asked exh (not narc, just the abusive one) 6hrs ago @ what time hed bring kid? Hasnt anwared.makes me furrous he cant even commit to that!!!
@dallas76266 yup. He made me feel the most loved... he primised he would take care of me. I gave up everything too
@OksanaFit as if he had never existed, right?
@IAmASurvivor1 :) the day i realised i dont hv to aim for happy but for in peace i felt relief
@OksanaFit @IAmASurvivor1 :) this comminuty &amp; my kid is what has kept me from killing myself
@dallas76266 today i can not honestly say my N has helped me. He made me feel the most wonderful love which was a lie.
@OksanaFit @IAmASurvivor1 they suck. But youll get better at seeing them coming &amp; which are the triggers.
@dallas76266 i kept things he gave me for 14 yrs. Most stuff others gave me were thrown away many yrs ago... his i kept.
@dallas76266 that will send message. But i was wondering about years of e mails?
@dallas76266 i plan to leave things when i leave. I kept a teddy bear, tapes &amp; letters from 1988 to 1994 even when we didnt see each other.
Any good narc stuff you can recomend to watch in nextflix tonite? #narcissism #psychpath
@OksanaFit @IAmASurvivor1 im not even trying anymore.
@OksanaFit @IAmASurvivor1 ive decided that having friends and socializing are too much for me. Im an introvert i dont enjoy ppl.
"@IAmASurvivor1: What makes me sad is not so much all the tragedies that has happened in my life as it is that I'm left alone with no 1."
For all those who arent with their narcs anymore? Did you erased pictures, e mails, got rid of stuff they gave you?
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep suffer like crazy to deliver or to make him do his part. When checks come in 1st 1 getting paid
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep as w females, N convinces clients he is what they need &amp; makes huge promises. Its me &amp; my team that
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep or in sales! N is awesome at selling is the delivery that sucks personl &amp; business likewise :(
@merlot_mary i know :( he is not here &amp; im anxoius. With this tingly feeling i always get. About to cry as i cant block him.
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep when things get really stupid i agree with hum in such a tone he knows im not agreeing
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @RileyPep they will never apologize UNLESS that gives the the upper hand on something else
24 hrs narc less will start in 40 min. Of course he can &amp; will pester me all dsy thru texts. But i will hv a bit of freedom.
N is gping put of town i decided to stay bc today is celebrated the "cildrends day" in my country. I kbow i will pay for this somehow :(
In between the fight the otjer day he said i easnt the only one tjat didnt like his leadership style that why he jas had many jobs
@1124pebbles @RileyPep @smiley959375 he convinced me 2 become a stay at home wife. Used up my saving &amp; then complained aboit me bring "kept"
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @RileyPep them and i analise the pattern of behavoir. Observation.
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @RileyPep i still get caught up in stupid argunents. Much less frequent, ive learnt to end them or i analise
@smiley959375 enjoy your meal. Sounds amazing. More for you. Freeze leftovers ;)
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep the guy i loved died. Ive come to accept this. Im starting ti hate the monster he left
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep yrs. Im sad bc i know im damaged enuff to never seek love again. Im sad im si scared.
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @RileyPep for now it made me laugh. I really hv come detached. Im sad i cant provide fo myself &amp; for the lost
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @RileyPep make a drama so he can discard
 Wont go there. Wont touch it
 I know wjat i neeed to know
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @RileyPep i think he wants me to check it. Either to prove je is a saint &amp; then go wander or to make me go crazy
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @RileyPep mine too cant leave his. Yet something v strange is going on. For 1st time ever he doesnt hv it locked
@smiley959375 @RileyPep we can use a hashtag ;) #StupidThingsMyNarcSaid
Ive started telling him in tired of him being angry at me all the time. Im still telling the truth.
@smiley959375 @RileyPep stuff like cereal, bars, cookies, yoguhrt but wont respect stuff i buy for my kid
@smiley959375 @RileyPep mine says he eats healthy but binges evertime he can on junk. Also eats others things &amp; rages if we touch his
@smiley959375 used to. Love is dying. Im here bc ive nowhere to go &amp; im am scared of what wi jappem when i leave. I fear him.
@smiley959375 i know. I want you to noce it. This reminders help love die &amp; hurt ti diminish. Believe what i say. N doesnt hurt me as he
@Light_Life_Love @dallas76266 the little joy i hv i knowing that deep inside he lives a cruel hell.
@smiley959375 hahhaha. Epic. The day N called me an apostol i couldnt help myselk asking him if that made him Jesus. We're not religioid
@smiley959375 yum! Do you realise any1 would appreciate this menu. You are great. He is a sick dog
@smiley959375 luckily you are not a womam from his country. Do you see how stupid he sounds.
@smiley959375 let him go back to his country. Washing his feet! Like the day N called me a  apostol. They feel they are the messias.
@Light_Life_Love @dallas76266 im not religious or anything &amp; yet u described myself as being left "souless" like empty. Now i know why
@1124pebbles i hate him &amp; i hate myself.
@Guyincogn you are not a bad person. You are being good to yourself
Je is just that that he feels he is: someone who isnt worth loving. He is the lowest there is. Je is wjat he fears every1 will think of him
So sad that this love &amp; admitarion i jad has tirned into hatred &amp; pity. He manages to achieve his biggest fears. Im gone. He isnt lovable
Tired of trying to imagine what his fucked up attitude will be.
@1124pebbles well that makes 2 of us.
@JoannaMoore99 how many P or  N in your list? :S
@JoannaMoore99 i dont remember the argumemts i had w other P i was with. That one wasnt N (i think) still nothing ever made sense
@JoannaMoore99 well he actually does as if i used same arguments or brhavoir he does he reacts lime crazy. Double standard attutide 24/7
@JoannaMoore99 everything they say is so stupid. Im amazed of how this intelligent guy cannot see how stupid his arguments are
He rages, devaluates me, threatens me, ignores me. And yrt complains im not fuuny smiley sexy. Is he really that stupid? Even him can figure
Now i feel rage boiling inside if me. I hv this desire to kick him really hard on the back. Never had this desire to hurt him. I loath him
If i fall asleep early he wakes me &amp; acts in my sleep. He sleeps all day &amp; goes yo bed early to detach. I used to enable, then hurt.
@JoannaMoore99 ive become a monster like him. I want him to suffer. And im bottling this inside. I just dont fake smiles anymore.
@JoannaMoore99 instrad of making me feel bad he is making me very angry, angrier at him than at me - and thats a 1st. I wish him dead daily
@JoannaMoore99 did you ever felt the desire to smack him. To grab something and throw it at him w it? I could beat him right now
Today N feel asleep early too. He is distant &amp; making sure i feel rejected complains of me being cold. I just want to smack him in the face
@RileyPep no validation no rrcognition no money. No nothing but complains and working like a dog
I dont hv a boss to whom i cam express my problems at work or hv guidance &amp; dont jv a partenr to who i cam vent about work. ALONE &amp; LONELY
After yest yelling scene &amp; how he is treating all us with disdain he aks why im not smiling. Bc i dont hv anything to smile about fucker!
To vent. Just a narc who wont allow me to express myself.
One potential client is lost. He wanted to pay peanuts. Abusive stupid client. Im so frutrated &amp; in a bad mood, i dont hv a Husband nor boss
Do i tell him 5his wo him raging on the part that is saying "you slack off we get im trouble". Bc he wont take responsability for this
So finally N started to work. Lets pray it is nkt late &amp; we can recover. When he pits his mind to it he really is good at business but how
As he does i never tell him i had a nice night. He jates it when im rested so i tell him i didnt sleep. Seems to satisfy him
How i know he had a good night? didnt wake me once. When N trouble sleeping makes sure i dont rest either. So yes, U hd a good night
For years i believed he had a really hard job and that was the reason he was always asleep. I now know je uses sleep to detach &amp; punish
N hastes it when i know more than him. And its usually easy as he doesnt pay attention to anything. I do observe things &amp; ppl
Tired of living w some1 that most of the time is giving me his back to interact with.
N can let go of anything good yet grabs to anything nasty ever happened. 26 yrs if my mistakes. None of his... bc i do forgive &amp; forget.
He has never forgiven me for a time i got really pissed up with him for waking me up on a saturday (i was 17. Im ow 43, do the math)
Funny how he has always said im always sleeping. How my sleeping jas always botheted him so much. Since we were in high school
His good mood and loving nature lasted 20 hrs. Now  he is distant. Yest slept from 3 to 9 woke of gave business instructions &amp; feel asleep
Murdered is more like it... 
This is life w N 
@mujer_cita_MIA feliz cumpleaños! Have a wonderful day
@AuthorJennSadai @SlightedSoul :)
I let N know i know my value in the job market (even if i dont believe it myself), acted surprised, said "ur my wife u wont work elsewhere"
N says ive never been the same after he cheated ONCE. What doesnr remember is the beatings &amp; the 4 ordeal w that whore. Im exagerating see?
4 hr nap. He doesnt realise that his naps now serve as free time to me?
And yet because i didnt allow him to step all over me accepted the blame, last thing he stated is him playing victim &amp; tearing up
 Then nap
@SlightedSoul but im not a villain so i feel guilty for not being..m i dont kbow what. I feel guilty aboit everything
@SlightedSoul i understand perfrctly what u say. Ive become a monster too. Full of hate.
@SlightedSoul @dallas76266 yup id take one of that thanks :)
What a misarable life N has. He has made everything in his hands to screw his life &amp; mine. And what for? Today not even he is having fun.
@throwupthehornz right #fuckhim what he doesnt know is that i really loved the 3 days he was out of town. He sais he missed me. I didnt
Maybe i will get discarded. Or at least punished for a few days. Ppfftt
@SlightedSoul hi friend. You ok?
@NpdSurvivo N is losing it. Sometimes he is so obviois its all "me, me, me" that some ppl laugh.
"@EVB_Now: Coercive sexual abuse in a marriage
 
@throwupthehornz feels i hv no time 4 him but yesterday he was saying how very very happy he is w me. Just crazy.
@throwupthehornz i just couldnt let him blame me for everything. I was expecting this just not so early in week. He is also pissed at me as
N has finally understood company isnt going well but of course its not his fault. He isnt the 1 napping 2/3 times per week, right?
@JustMeWith i know. Just to end it right there.
Ns cant stand being argued back with their same arguments thry used. Bc i didnt let N step all over me he raged &amp; now is ignoring me
Made N rage today defending myself w same arguments &amp; tactics he uses. He found the perfect excuse to sleep all day.
@Snowflake_Fox it is. There is never good w a N
He loves me he says. He is grateful for me (that he should). So im not being discarded for now
@JustMeWith with my N its really easy to divert him. Ive used the "look at that bird... oh it flew" hahaha.
@86K75309R thnx i will download it. I cant jv those books around
A not very close fri3nd got mugged. I read his fb post. Im about to cry. I feel so bad for him :( i feel it as if it haopened to me.
"He gets in a bad nkkd easy, right?" "Do you thing he eill be on time" ... eyc. I used to cover him now ive come shruggle ;) let them think.
People hv started telling me stuff like "u rthe calm &amp; zan on of the relationship, right?". You seem to make things run for him, right?".
N's always recruiting flying monkeys so i hv my own "Connie is super nice" day to day attitude in a very sublte manner contrasting w Ns
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit yep :) but you seem to be doing it quite nicely. Im so proud of you. You are stronger than you feel :)
"@CookieKL: Why is it some people are so happy and others are skipped over? #depressed #sad #missingyou"
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit kids ok?
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit they dont know how pathetic &amp; fake they sound once you learn whats going on.
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit as if he cared of having someone waste their time. He was saying to the officer u r an exagerated bitch. Stupid
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit "im protetect, im wont allow you to mess with me and if i cant do it on my own i have ppl who believe in me" kudos!
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit yeah because in the end they are cowards &amp; they know an officer wont be foolled or tolerant. Nice message too ;)
Im feeling quite happy &amp; i keep remembering that it is thans to hsving spent 3 days w out N. But as everything here that too is an illusion
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit they are sk stupid. Thry hv to make a drama out of everything. They mim every situation to the max. Pittiful
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit @l3arista nice move ;)
@NpdSurvivo @APD_Assassin *inocence . (Sorry)
@NpdSurvivo @APD_Assassin i have told myself many time this too "i want my onocrncd bk" amazing how everthing aboit them &amp; us is text boox
In front of client for 21 yrs. Senirship is not easy to find. Also im funny, hv sex w him, cook for him, walk his dogs..
So the trip it seems reminded N that im a useful thing to hv around. N expected his 28 yro assitant (guy) to perfom as i do when i hv been
Then he went on to say how much things arent woth it w oit me by his side. His assitant messing on the trip has N making sure i feel loved
Hoovering. N is trying 2 convince that it "shows" how much i missed him this 3 days. What N sees is my rested soul 3 fearless &amp; restful days
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit img how did it go? Are you ok?
Ns trip wo me would hv served as a reminder of why he needs me or w he doesNt. we'll see if he comes bk in discarding or hoovering mood
I think i domt love him anymore. If i loved him i wouldnt be praying his plane cant fly bc of volcano ashes.
Sad realization that i rather hv my husband not come home. Its just the fear of him &amp; of what will happem that keeps me here.
Enjoying having woke up (my sleep patter seems to be screwed :(  ) as i hv room to myself &amp; dont hv to imteract w N
N on mail "we should meet w X, he RESPECTS ME" who talks like that? I dont. Id say we know each other? We've worked together or something
At least some1 close to me doesnt think im crap :)
Today kid compared me to a naruto character "she is a sweet girl, but if she get angry, she gets angry". Yest "why r u such a good person?"
@dallas76266 i saw him divorce 1st wife w whom he has kids. They both were engaged in a long hurtful expensive battle. Not wanting that
@dallas76266 im trying to find ways that will help me do a speedy not asking for anything parting-divorce
@dallas76266 law here can be bought &amp; twisted AND that would mean depending on him. Tricky
I need 2000 usd a month if moving into uncles. 3000 usd to live alone w kid. Dont know where to find a job that pays that.
I lost everything w N. I dont know how to build it back.
I would love to find a way to hurt him. To make his internal conflict a reallity: he is worthless &amp; not deserver of love.
Want to tell him ive cracked his mask. That i know he is a lying cheater stealer lazy fake asshole. But i wont
Thursday N fought w me (he was alone in the fight) over texts. So clear now how he acts, responds, pushes. Wanted to tell him i know ...
My heart goes to all those suffering from #PAS abuse and not faking it like N who is thankful exwife gives the excuse needed for claiming it
@dallas76266 weird family dynamics in discovering.
@dallas76266 yep. Ive discovered he gains control over mom &amp; me by being very helpful. Yet we always know he has an opinion on our behavoir
1st time ever that i dont want N to come back from his trip. Im enjoying his absense 2 much. Feeling of not having 2 b alert. Phone unlocked
@dallas76266 and its devastating bc his home is my safe house :S
@dallas76266 worked up. Raises voice. Never accepts otherwise. All covered by this "o kbow all halo" makes me uncomfortable how i feel
@dallas76266 i know but im discovering how tough it is to talk to him if u hv a dufferent opinion or info on sotmething. He gets all
I know why my mom is so depressed pasive agresive &amp; demoralizing. I feel guitly for not being e ti help or confort but i hv my own mess :(
Good thing i now have zero contact w them. 1 was my therapist. She deserves to be kicked out of therapits association :(
In the begginig of all this N ordeal i confided in 3 Women.I hv big regrets about this,took me 3 yrs 2 understand their behavoir &amp; response
As always the thought of living in their house is as creepy as staying here w N.
Shaken as always by moms complaints that we dint talkm difficult to talk to some1 who wony listen, accept help &amp; is always critical
Breakfast w mom and uncle. Winder how i will survive living w them. I feel attacked by uncles need to always be right, hv last word
This is what life would probably would be if i hadnt gone back with N. but im so afraid of him i know that he wont allow me to hv pace
N is out of town. Im having a beer and smoking a cigarrette. Spent afternoon w kid. Tomorrow breakfast w mom &amp; uncle.
@OksanaFit i want out of here. Im getting exploite for noting. N is makong this easier everyday. I kbow i will end up hating him
@OksanaFit im taking stuff elsewhere yhis weekend. Will leave half my cloths here. I will say i gave them to charity due to sprig cleaning
Yest as N was telling me he was tired of working i told him i can find a job elsewhere as assistant if  he wants to close company.
@dallas76266 im trying. I just dont know how to get out of here. Money is main issue. Finding a job that pays enuff. No 1 to help :(
Boss. 2 yrs w a nice guy that cant give me more and now w N. I really dont know how to ask for job or be in a non abusive environment
There has to be a way yo get out. I just cant find it
 Dont know where to start. Uve worked for 3 ppl in over 22 yrs. First 18 w 1 abusive
I dont know what i can do
 Cant seem to put on paper what i can offer a company or person as employee
I do almost everything in the company. Guy told me yest if u leave i go w you. Wo u this goes to ground. And i cant write a resume
So tired. So desperate. and N is getting nasty w every1. Thats good for me. His mask has fallen bf many ppl now.
I work as a dog just to hear he is the only one doing things. His way of putting things makes every1s job seem a waste of time
Tomorrow i will take more stuff to my incles hoUse. I dont want to hv my things here. I am starting to get fed up w all this bs
Thnkful for all my ftiens here. Yesterday was a very tough day w N attacking me from other side of country.
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox hi. I think the time has come to move my resume. Can i hv your e mail (via dm) so i can send u mine 4 u to see?
Too dark a place. If iq didnt hv my kid this would end tonite.
@PixelProject do they hv a non 1800?
And i know that at least he wont tell N. He once told me. Somethings i dont understand bc im not lile that
 He was talking about abuse
I showed a guy who works for us all the texts insulting me. Asked him to pls defend me when (not if) this ends &amp; N tells every1 is my fault
N is out of town. Has a spekaing evento now at 10 pm. Its clear he wont let me sleep until he does... if his furiois rage has dubdued
Wento to cqncun on thursday. Wyith ths is  my 4th trip to a beautiful beach in which i didt even smell the sea.
Awful wishes cross my mind.
I just need to find a way out and i cant. So scared &amp; this feeling of not being able to do things right. Im so despersted tonite.
Is worng w him. He is a fucking lunatic psyco and oh i wish he were ill for real.
N then said "see how u dismiss me ive been telling u something is wrong w me &amp; you dont pay attention or believe" i do believe something
Tired of telling N he doesnt hv to go to dr for his migraine (as some is fake) i told him today i agree he is very sick &amp; should be checked
@MultiTaskingCat either he is gonna discard or im gonna leave. He is acting weird, erratic, demanding &amp; hipocindriac
@MultiTaskingCat @titodyvyxipo cuttie :) thnx friend for cat &amp; for thinking of me. Im still alive, sti w N. Dont 4 know how long though
Ive made so many wrong choices in my life im pretty sure whatever i do next wi be wrong too.
Wanting out more times than those in which i say i can handle this for a while more.
The frustration of having a great consulting company that i will hv to leave to work in how kbows what.
@Snowflake_Fox will do :) thnx
N is out of town ahhh the joy of leaving me mobile unlocked.
N might be preparing to discard me. If its so lets go thru w it. I worry in how im gonma live but i wont beg again for housing and food
Now N stumbled on how pot can help in ptsd management
 Decided he is having pstd bc he was abused as kid
 A new excuse for bad behavoir
Know how to sell myself. So many yrs of listening my skills werent valuable (in both marriages)
My own. My uncles house sounds like a worse option every day and thats my only resource. I just need to find a job but how? I dont even
N is out of town. The house to myself &amp; kid. I wish i could provide for this on my own. I just need to find a way to warn enuff to live on
I know 1 day he is gonna get me in a feisty mood and im gonna pacbk my shit &amp; leave. Hard to remember why i feel in love
To tired to write about all the bs i live w N. 2 days of love bombing and hoovering to finally today explding in rage &amp; saying fuck u
@cosmiqparadox @savebunny just think you had a very nice evening its a start. One evening at a time, baby steps :)
@MyXNarcBF *pulling
@MyXNarcBF him oulking the i dont know how many yrs i hv left to convince me of his 45 bd celebration was waay to much to just nod ha!
N s head it back to his mobile. Frusttated as drama didnt help him. I just made him look stupid
one for connie!
But pls dont bring this many yrs left as if you were ur 98 yr old grandma" omg the extent of a drama. 45 yrs is not close to death (sadly)
"Connie im turning 45 this yr? I want to go to x to celebrate, we dont know how many yrs i ve got left"  me "if u want to celebrate we will
Another trip to caribbean im which all the water i will touch is that of the shower :( i hate watching the see from afar :(
@1124pebbles GQ + rockstar + teaching ppl. He gets paid to speak to ppl about tech
horror stories that start the new play... its all like a machiavelian movie script writting. We are all characters in his evil mind
Im just a character for the play he is performing right now. Im the good, supporting everybody likes wife. Soon they will be hearing the
@savebunny how r u doing? How is N behaving?
N has described his speaker routine as "g-quiwish-rockstardish academia" lol lol lol lol
@savebunny @miramovingon big deal = whatever the 3 yr old kid or rockstar wannabe wants.
"@miramovingon: Crazy the things that are a "big deal" to husband. Never the things that are ACTUALLY a big deal #narcissist"
@OksanaFit @1124pebbles same. Period of being nice with daily mini rages, blaming, gilt tripping &amp; lots of whinning about anything. Usual
The night before i found out N was cheating &amp; his mask falling. He brought a book as Gift, i posted it. Some1 just liked it. 178 weeks ago.
@MyXNarcBF stay strong.
@OksanaFit @1124pebbles :)  hoe r you?
"Connie, u r so unresponsible today" me "remember im sick?" For 1st time in yrs im not hidding how bad i feel.
Showers me with kisses &amp; whines about me not behaving sexy. Remember ive got a cold?
@Snowflake_Fox yep. I trust no1 by now. Better this way than to keep putying myself at risk
The cruelty of Narcabuse makes it indispensable 2 learn about it 2 understand the Narc &amp; urself as 1st steps in healing.Thats healing 101
How i was reacting, enabbling and bring judgemental myself makes my feel guilty but also is helping me understand crazy thus healing
Now i see those relatioships as abusive. There are many couples i know which have never made me think of this "arragements". Understanding
I used to say every marriage has their own agreements, now looking back times ive say that werre ones in which i didnt "like" their behavoir
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit :( and he is getting away w everything
 You are right. Not fair but truth :(  i know the feeling
Our relationhip is on the rocks" N "so i wont ever gonna tell u agaim how i feel". "Ok" i replied
 End of argumento. Crazy.
"Yes u left bed if i do rhat i wouldnt hear the en of it &amp; whats incomprehensible is u not not being able to stay quiet" so yes i agree
"Connie i feel watched by u... &amp; u r so irritable, i HAD to leave bedroom today as u appeared angry at my noises" i once again agreed w him
How would "our friends" that post anti #dv things in fb feel if /when i post picts of Ns abuse? Bruises. will be time if N beats me again.
@1124pebbles @OksanaFit im so sorry. Forget retribution not coming :( lets work on depression &amp; no $ as they can be independant to N
I hv a very bad feeling about some1 &amp; i hv no1 to share w, as i a "loving" character which im recognizing in N. Do i make sense
Sometimes im more afraid of other ppl than N. With N i know he cant be trusted? W others i battle between paranoia &amp; gut feeling recognition
"@DepressDiaries: My life has been a nightmare, my soul is fractured to the bone. And if I must be lonely, I think I'd rather be alone."
Crashes cup into table i wake up. Decides 2 move to living room "not to wake me" camps there. 1st time ever. Not buying doesnt want to wake
Narcs everywhere. Many movies depict Narcs, socios &amp; psychos wo clearly aknoedging is like they dont relise evil they depict
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep i love smoking I miss it daily
N is a social media expert who says tw hasnt been able to create bonded conmunities ;)
Do ppl really enjoy life as they seem? Can a  adult really live wo concerns. I can imagine how would be not to hv pressing issue
The only person i see me with is my son. I domt feel i  can count on any one
One of N favorite weapons is disturbing my sleep. I can count w right hand finger time he doenst wake me up during a month
I was half napping when i felt a pain it the eye. Woke up to N picking on 1 long eyebrow. "Im helping you Connie" wtf let me sleep
N tried to trick me into walking dogs. I played the i hv a cold card (i do hv 1).
He plays victim &amp; get irritable when has to work. This week he will be giving 4 keynotes in 4 different cities :S
N is having a tiugh next week. Out of town from tuesday to sunday. Until thrusday w me &amp; days w assitns. Its gonna get rough
5 yrs he is been proming a car. I  the city we live is really necesary. He has a bmx x3. he has stolen my last 4 drivers licences
N is talking (again) of buying me a car. Used to get me excites. Now it gets me angry as i know its not his intention to buy it. I hate him
This time its me feeling a bit off like comibg down w a cold
:(
I never thought id say this: i rather hv no pets. So tired of hair &amp; mess they make im not enjoying 'em (house-office 7 cats 2 dogs kid &amp; N)
tip toeing towards shower &amp; hear me Now is talking mumbling words no1 can understand. I kept asking what? Till i realised what N was doing
N decided he is Asperger as it "really" get to him when "we move" his stuff. I told him ur not Asperger u just want priority attention
I wake up 1st thing says he das a horrible night w bsck pain &amp; migraine
 This is so sad bc i dont believe him
Wedding aniv 16 today w exh. Ans jow life didnt work as planned :(
@Cheekysqwrl no but kids in public schools barely read, v low math &amp; mo english Or computing. Third world realliyy
"@DVSurvivor4Life: ‘My Friend Told Me She’s Being Abused’ 
@Cheekysqwrl yes but you can send your kids to public. Here is no option. Kids here are expensive
@Cheekysqwrl in my country public education is horrible
 Has to be private. Son school is almost 800 usd
"its my cookie monster tshirt, my favorite one!!!" Excuse me how old are you? He wasnt gonna wear it. He just meeded it. Crazy.
N tried to ruin my day yest by arriving in his irritable -i worked all day attitude creating havoc &amp; drama bc he couldnt find a tshirt
@Cheekysqwrl figured we shouldnt rush. Thosr who have them v close are always tired
@Cheekysqwrl i planned to wait 2-3 yrs. at the end i ended up w only 1. In my country they have them close "to end it all faster" i always
@RileyPep mine plays no nice, innocent or nothing happened all day. his abuse is subtle. Mines the spirit w baby steps
Narcs playing good make my stomach turn. Im aboit to vomit.
Stepmom always considered me a whore
 Guess whos daughter married prrgnant? Karma
For years we could only see my father during working hours. Vibe in his hiuse was weird and wife didnt like my stYle
there hv been very strange moments &amp; relationships im my family. Like my stepmonster that managed to make us see my dad out of his house
@smiley959375 @dallas76266 @RileyPep mune cant blame me, he blamed exw first ;) when says im to blame i tell his chising skills are off ;)
@dallas76266 yup. exactly
 Has tried to engage in fights for days. I hvnt bulged. He gets vack pain. Let him die
New health issue that makes N irritable: lower back pain. Weird he doesnt seem to hv same symthoms that i (suffered this for 12 yrs)
@dallas76266 @smiley959375 @RileyPep yeah. Like all the drama was ours
I cannot live with this stress level
 Its too much.
@laciem321 yeah its like toiching a little live batery all day. I feel it like "tttzźzzz" do i make sense?
@laciem321 i dont know. Im an introvert for sure and people pleaser. empath seem like good ppl &amp; i domt seem myself as that nice :s why?
@Guyincogn i know its just so sad... everything
@overjoyed1969 i know. Its just that i amazes me the grasp of reallity this Gen Z has
@overjoyed1969  omg
How do you fake funny? N is funny when he wants
@1124pebbles fake funny? I cant beleive everything is fake. Angers me being trapped
@1124pebbles i know the feeling :(  makes me angry to see our lifes in the dump when he could be  different. He is smart, funny. How do you
@1124pebbles i get it. I always forget they are nasty w kids too. My bad, do whatevrt gut tells u. You know ur N
@1124pebbles when actually you are cutting ties.make him think 1 thing contrary to truth (just as he made u fall for him).
@1124pebbles keeping or not his stuff. If that is one less thing tiying him to you, what dont let him hv it? He might think he won again
@1124pebbles think on which option frees you more. Dont think on if its making what he wants or not. In long run what do yoi get out of
@1124pebbles him chance to use clothes, documents or mementos to stay in contact &amp; hoover me bk (for 3rd time).
@1124pebbles yup. W my N stuff is what keeps him attached. Ive promised myself i wont babysit stuff not leave anything i care for. Wont give
@1124pebbles how are u doing? What are you gonna do about the stuff N wants bk? Mine ttied that w exw &amp; she sold everything.
@laciem321 so its normal im my situacion. Any way to manage it? i cant live feeling triggered all the time...
"@minnie_in_pink7: I'm no expert, but I think the secret to marriage is separate bathrooms."/ My h "jokingly" said this to me once
I have a constant electric feeling, that quickly spikes into axiety &amp; brings thoughts. every few mins if not really busy. What is this!
And its not like im taking the day off (as he usually does at least 1 a week). I hired him a driver &amp; goes w 1 of our guys.
I have always felt guilty for staying @ home &amp; N going go work. I didnt work for 3 yrs (he pushed me not to work) &amp;called me kept. Crazy
Anyone las felt this way? Pls read las 2 tweets #narcissistabuse
Non resolved or anxiety trigger thing... and it breaks me. It happens to me everytime i enjoy something as little as a tweet? Anyome ..
I jave trained my mind to think thoughts that hury or make me anxious. Evetytime somethi g good happens my brain inmedatly jumps into a
Doing. then tried to patch up to then start fight 3 times. either i was too sharp or he was too clear but it was predictable. I laughed.
To which i answeredby taking a shower (which he hates me doing) &amp; wotking in bed for 2 hrs while he wstched tv. He asked 3 times what i was
To go with him &amp; as i didnt yrsterday he tried on picking mamy fights w my, 1 even threatening to go "out for a while" (where to stupid?)
@ school And im tweeting in bed w my dogs &amp; cats. Im sure N would be sound asleep. why do i feel umconfortable? I almost offered myself
I feel guilty for being in bed at 7am when he is going out of town for work. -never mind last week i had it worse-;&amp; bc my kid is already
For 1st time in months i have morning w o N. I should be happy yet i feel guilty, super sad about all of this &amp; super anxious :(
Its so scary to know this goes nowhere &amp; not being able to see a way of surviving when leaving. .. there is no survival in stayind either
"@domesticshelter: #domesticviolence tragedy; know when relationship turning deadly: 
"@50shadesisabuse: The problem is women think he will change, he won't #50shades #domesticabuse 
@Winglessfly8 this one is not easy to see at first.
@overjoyed1969 @RileyPep dont. Wont be good for kids nor you
 At least like this they Have a non npd zone
Yest "see how i do touch your boobs" taking all the sexy out. I almost laughed. Too easy to predict.
I now say things just to see what happens. The other day told him "u r right this is over
 U dont evem kiss me or gran my boobs"
I subtly won so many arguments that N decided to jv an excrutiating bsck pain &amp; whine like a baby
Yest he said i was behaving like a little girl as i panicked on a ftiend charging us 6000 euros. I made it clear i didnt like his words
@DivergeConverge its better. If he thinks is his idea &amp; alresdy has a new supply lined up i will be easier. I hope
@DivergeConverge my son is not his. So... twisting law for what? But if i put him in jail we both need lawyers &amp; there the law twisting
@DivergeConverge thing is i wont need to: he discards me. I leave. I wont need divorce (i womt be married again), i wont ask 4 anything
@DivergeConverge gotta pay some debt 1st.
@DivergeConverge i stay pit until i hv a way to be fiancially independent &amp; hv enuff to eat and so &amp; then provoque him to discard.
@DivergeConverge i saw him divorce his exw. I know the law &amp; how it can be twisted or bought. And im neither law twister nor rich.
@DivergeConverge latam country where 43 ppl disapear and no1 can find them. We look civilized its a jungle here. Im scared of N
Exh tells me my mom talked to his mom &amp; told horrific stories about me.She might tell them N is a N wo as she doesnt seem to control hrrself
@DivergeConverge the bruises youve got, Its enuff. But he will get out in 3 days, raging. Do you hv the $ to fight his lawyers?" i dont
@DivergeConverge hvnt found. Its like abuse is not present in upper clases. Law enforcerment in dv area told me "we can put him in jail for
@Snowflake_Fox me too. But why bring more souls to this world? Even when there are good ppl left..
How can anybody look aroind and think its a good idea to have kids. This world is horrible :(
I dont believe anythong M says. Wherether is i love u or not. I think he really doesnt know
@DivergeConverge not in my cointry for ppl from my socio economic level :(  it seems help os for poor ppl only. Nnlothibg close to home
@2ndlast2rise sadly for what i do i hv to stay  in my city
 My ciubtry doenst hv that kind of mayor cities :)
How to get out of here? How or where to find a job.. urrelated to N ? Where he cant reach me? Maybe far from my field of skills :( :(
@RileyPep @overjoyed1969 i dont even hope for the best anymore. I hope for good enuff.
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep im sorry. In the tangle of lies one does not know what to believe. Anything can be truth or false anytime
@DivergeConverge on the other hand N is gonna die alone with a bunch of stuff.The day i said &amp; meant "i dont want any of it" i was liberated
@DivergeConverge i know. Ive come to hate stuff. I go on trips &amp; buy next to nothing. Ive given aways thigs. I dont want stuff with me :)
9:20 gonna hit shower knowing this will piss N off as he is sound asleep. N hates when i shower alone. Its late, been up since 6.
@OksanaFit i pray court is full of honest ppl to help you. Stay strong &amp; safe pls
Stuff. N use stuff as weapons. Thats why i know that when leaving, whats left behind will stay behind. I was reptrapped once by stuff
@OksanaFit he misses hunting you.
@OksanaFit @1124pebbles stuff anymore. once things are gone N will delete from kind as they are not weapons anymore. IMHO :(
@OksanaFit @1124pebbles back just wanted to put stress on her. So if you dont care for stuff give to him or salvation army but dont babysit
@OksanaFit @1124pebbles i vnt been in thar situation but N asked same to exw (she withheld stuff on purpose) thing is N didnt want things
@OksanaFit omg no guns rights back pls! Hope law is on your side xxoo
"@LiilMinx: You can say that I'm the worst, that I'm nothing and no one but never again don't say that we are the same..because we are not!"
@OksanaFit stay strong. May justice &amp; hoensty be w u? Whats hapoening?
@1124pebbles and what does your lawyer &amp; autorities say?
Praying for @1124pebbles how mets in court w a monster today. Stay strong. He is the sick on.
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep MOH?
Almost 9 oclock. I cant shower as N gets angry. Je didnt let us sleep &amp; now je is snoring.
@LeanTowardsLove yup. N husband is an expert of appearing like the victim
@GeneticPsycho how does it is designated? bc it does appear right?
N once explained to me we couldnt detach not bc of love but bc of hate. He was explaining to me trauma bonding. Did he knew? Now i know :(
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox let her enjoy the ride. She will hv a miserable time. Let her shes fought hard for her pain. Rejoice
Roams and makes noise all night
 Falls asleep as soon as my alarm goes off. its hellish hot &amp; he is in a hoodie. Wtf
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox it will surely piss her off :)
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox i know everytime i find out ow is still aroid my heart bleeds &amp; pain &amp; traume surge again..
 Pain doesnt end
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox can you help him ruin her more?
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox i know. I jist want them all gone tOo. I want my husband back. The one that died or nevrr existed
@cosmiqparadox thats why im still here. But if he discards i will leave. Im still figuring how to solve future $ issues.
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep in my country we'd say "she is getting the tiger in the raffle" meaning she thinks its a prize but is all contrary
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep laugh. Rejoice on what scum she took from you. Whenever i get jealuse or sad i think of WHAT really getting
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep he won already. I care for you to start winning
@throwupthehornz i knoW. He just is making it easier to convince myself this has nowhere to go (but hell)
@cosmiqparadox i treated him like a king for 4 years. He treats me like an expensive whore most times. I dont want to keep him
@throwupthehornz he is been a sweetie since wednesday night. was it an extended weekend truce?
Now he is pissed at dog. Is good humor winding?
@RileyPep @cosmiqparadox im sorry. I know i will go thru same
 Being love of his life to being exchanged in a blink
@cosmiqparadox he probably did or didnt care what happened. Is he is jail still?
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox you really think they r gonna be happy at loosing adororing girls
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox @SheEscapes2 let them make a party.
@DivergeConverge when i see a post i always recallm i dont even recall that trip!
@Snowflake_Fox i kbow. But i dosny do you any good to continue contact w him. I domt care if he is happ or not
@Snowflake_Fox dont contact him anymore. Write down &amp; sent it to urself to e mail acct made for this. Try it for a while. Its an idea
I reposted it just to spite ow as i know they were seeing each other during that time. I know her heart will sink, ive been there.
3 yrs ago i posted a pict from vacation spot. fb memories says it. I dont remember going. Must hv gone w N as he liked it today. FOG
@Snowflake_Fox i know. Just wish u wouldnt say it to him. He wont change &amp; u cant move foward. I eish he would dissapear
@Snowflake_Fox @SheEscapes2 it just has to be at each ones time
@Snowflake_Fox @SheEscapes2 can really imagine whats this abuse like if not from personal experience. When the right time comes NC works.
@Snowflake_Fox @SheEscapes2 when it comes to Narc abuse ive foind more truth in personal blogs than in facts, non experimental experts
@Snowflake_Fox @SheEscapes2 i just didnt know he was a socio or what NC was. I was 26 and decided not to talk 2 him again. he vanished
@Snowflake_Fox @SheEscapes2 its not to punish him its to free your mind of his poison. The only way i freed myself from Socio#1 was thru NC
@cosmiqparadox look at my pictures. Many come right from his fb wall
 Check them out
@cosmiqparadox asked him about it. Said its of jobs he didnt get allowed "US" to make this company that he is so proud of. i dont believe
"@iblamethemonkey: When you've pushed everyone away, who are you going to push around, dear?"
@TAH80771151 @JoannaMoore99 i know... thnx :)
Its easier to understand behavoir of evil side than the sweet side As the evil i believe &amp; sweet is fake and confussing.
The respect post + (see last tw) + going from slèepy to nasty to super nice, sexy &amp; whiney. Wtf is going oj? who is he fighting?
Fresh from N's wall. 
@TAH80771151 @JoannaMoore99 i didnt hv many ftiends to start w &amp; i dont hv any left so he cant tells stories to any1. Im alone
@mujer_cita_MIA he has never complained of bk, he was all symthoms wrong ;) &amp; besides he woulda woken me up 4 pillows. Made me laugh
@nmonroe1954 wow. Exhausting. I can truly relate to hv to double think, plan, foresee &amp; imagine evetything that can or cant go on :S
"@nmonroe1954: Check out newest chapter of The Goose and the Gander on: 
I know it is huge for him (&amp; should be 4 me) that him &amp; our company are appearing in newspapers in spain. Im just sad we wont enjoy it
now is telling me in a poor me tone, that has bk ache bc i hoarded pillows all night and didnt hv the heart to wake me.
@lexieslost has he tried to come bk? Are you working? do you feel better? :)
"my wedding ring &amp; you are my precious. I love the pict you sent to media where tibg is visible" #Justnow creepy Golum
Last day of vacations. N blowschis nose almost on my face. Wakes me up. Shows me thatvspain has published abiut him. Calls himself sexy.
@DivergeConverge this wont last. Something will explode. Im getting better in reacting in fights but one can never ne to careful :s
N is behaving nicely. Not one degrading, devaluating, hurting? Double intended comment? Hummm weird vety weird
@lexieslost how are you?
@DivergeConverge ways arrives late, thats why is say he is a bit abusive. Takes things from kid and uses them, doesnt give allimony on time
@DivergeConverge 1st  used to watch porn, i supported family, me working a lot him working little, silent tratment, him being rude..
@DivergeConverge to start setying biundaries w hiM. Narc husband is another story, him i understand as much as is possible w crazy as fuck
@DivergeConverge i hv to understand my 1st husband as i hv an 11 yo kid w him. We hv a good relatioship but marriage was not nice &amp; i want
@DivergeConverge  I know but i gotta undetstand it
@NpdSurvivo i now let him talk. I dont even bother on answring. I just oicm one stupid thing, remember it and rhrn end fight w it
@DivergeConverge can continue understanding me. do i make sense?
@DivergeConverge his abuse has &amp; is way different. im sure my 1st isnt a psycho-socio or narc. I need to undetand this differences so i
@DivergeConverge no. I didnt express myself correctly. My 1st husband was a bit abusive finantially &amp; in other stuff. my 2dn is a narc
@thenormalcrazy @CookieKL and making my uncle her golden boy. Still trying to figure my uncle
@thenormalcrazy @CookieKL i think my grand mother was a narc and very much abused my mom emotionally mainly by qbandoning her.
@DivergeConverge i know, i know. Abuse is not right. I just need to separate intellectuslly abusive from socio -psycho - narc
@NpdSurvivo he is "influential" in business social media in our country. Public speaker, "writter" (says he). Has fans..
Where is the line that separates some1 being "just abusive" or abiskve bc is a narc or psycho
@NpdSurvivo and gets "Likes" for them
@NpdSurvivo he posts the creepiests things
@NpdSurvivo he posts the most amazing things. go to my profile, check my pictures and Rejoice. Get back to me when done laughing &amp; crying
From N's FB wall "Treat people with respect". Hahaha who is he fighting now?
But then again, its gona a be soon this will chage. This hv been some v intense 6 months :#
Reading N stories make me feel guilty as mine hasnt tried to kill me, or rapped me. him being nice this days make me doubt if he is that bad
"@Jojo_51213: There's two ways you can win an argument with me...
Neither works." / this is life w N. No way to win
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox we all be with you on monday here and in court. Dont let them bring u down. He is the sick one
Day 3 that N awakes in a good mood w me. Wtf is going on? Does the business need me rhat bad?
@mujer_cita_MIA buenos días! :)
@TAH80771151 @JoannaMoore99 there has to be a wsy of kicking them back.
@TAH80771151 @JoannaMoore99 what did the judge say?
@NpdSurvivo @TAH80771151 43 here and also feeling like my inkcence was stolen and my soul ripped apart
@cosmiqparadox what are you suspecting or what did you find out?
@zariballard @Pileontheprobs @NpdSurvivo @SheEscapes2 are u Nrc free for 2.5 yrs? How does it feel?
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox i dont remember happy as that and i dont aim for it. I am for not anguished all the time
@dallas76266 @1124pebbles @smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox for a while i though good time were worth his moodiness and weirdness
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @cosmiqparadox those feelings arent normal
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @cosmiqparadox him raining. This is how i fee how ive felt for yrs &amp; in many periods of my life now i realise t
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @cosmiqparadox im some 80's cartoon (mayble flinstones) was a character w bad luck. Always w a dark clown upon
@Pileontheprobs @NpdSurvivo @SheEscapes2 @zariballard no future relariosnships for me rhank you. Me - work- kid- travel-die
@smiley959375 @1124pebbles @cosmiqparadox i thought i was the only ome w this terrible morning experiences. Bf N i wasnt like this.
@OksanaFit some ppl do live calm lives they say.
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox or where he doesnt exist. I just want to be w out this feeling of anxiety.
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox stomach feeling. All my worries , fears &amp; losses kick me in the face. I wanna quit
@1124pebbles @smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox i dont ever want to wake up. Its been yrs that as soon as i open eyes i get this punched in the
I imterviewed 4 woman yesterday, all said the are happy, calm &amp; w no worries on their lives. I noted w disbelief theres a life like that
@OksanaFit day as im out of town working, offers ti pick me up at airport (never has offered or gone) &amp; i arrive &amp; he is super nice? Hmmm
@OksanaFit wednesday apologized for beung nasty w me last days (out of the blue &amp; having denied him being nasty), then sends cute texts all
I returned home to a super nice N. Cant help to wonder what he is up to
@cosmiqparadox @smiley959375 i get caught in everyday stuff and forget things i hv to do to complete exit plan
~ Maya Angelou
Whats with this love bombing bc i went out a day out of town for work (alone)? Does it really tick hom so much? Hnmmm
Om am i good on giving advice i should follow myself :(
@dallas76266 @smiley959375 im so sorry. Pls force urself to start preparing exit routes. Just to hv them in hand when needed plsss
I think he hates when i travel as this part of bussines is mine &amp; only mine. Its my independent part which he almost killed
Continuos text from N saying sweet things. What the fuck is he up to now? I dont believe crap of his "i miss you, i love u, hurry home"
Needless to say i didnt tell him at what time im arriving home. Let him live in the same darkeness of information i live with
So N pestered me all day so i would give him my return flight number (never has done so) bc he wanted to pick me up a airport (never has)
@smiley959375 @HePlayedMeWell @TrustNoone380 mine too. When i start doubting he is wicked he inmediatly brigs reallity back
@SheEscapes2 :( i know but i seems lile only way "they" say
@SlightedSoul @SheEscapes2 @NpdSurvivo in beginning N told never to use sex as weapon (i couldnt hv i didnt kbow how)now uses it like master
@SheEscapes2 @SlightedSoul @NpdSurvivo i learnt that so i dont express my wishes anymore
@zariballard @NpdSurvivo @SheEscapes2 yes hate is the only way to go rwally
I cant believe im so stuck. I need to get out. If at least he let me makes us financially stable
@HePlayedMeWell @TrustNoone380 for me its like a before &amp; after, my trust &amp; belief in life when 2 the floor.Havnt recuperated. 3.5 yrs now
N used to tell me that when traveling he saw couples together &amp; wished to something like that. He was just saying it, i feel it :(
When traveleing i see couples and get very sad. I know N &amp; I look like the happy in love ones. I get sad, bc for a while i believed :(
i used to love my life &amp; my H so much i didnt mind what "life put us thru" until i discovered that the 1 putting us thru everything was him
@l3arista as if it where someyhing in us triggering their cheating. Ditto
Know is that even when they beleive Ns lies, thet surely too feel pangs of jelaousy. so no... nobodys hving a good time, not even N
I wonder how he manages to keep ow frustration abay when he is posting loving thi gs to me, we travel, his friends like me... how? what i do
u all would puke at rhe text N &amp; i r hving right now "take cary love of my life, safe flight love"... wtf?
@TAH80771151 i ynderstand how you feel. I live 2 blocks away from thw house we were at when mask fell? Ow appeared &amp; hell started for real
And i see transformation before my eyes. If it didnt make me suffer it would be an interesitng thing to watch. Amazing &amp; terrifying.
Cash flow has made him go nice. It creeps me out how he fakes and can be bk to the guy i fell im love w. It creept cause i kbow he is not
At 4am bc im catching plane at 7am. To much love. Im terrified. I dont think my i dont care if you are angry + im v stressee pit bc of
Im going out of town for rhe day. mid adyernoon yesterday N started behaving incredibly nice &amp; lovringm even woke up w me in good mood
Im going out of town tomorrow all dAy. I hate to leave thi gs so easy for him and hos whores.
"@avageorge69: Every time I think of You
I despise myself a little bit more"
"@PixelProject: Por favor Rt: si tienes experiencia con violencia domestica en #Mexico habla 01-800-911-25-11 #vaw"
@PixelProject correct or more accurate translation "si sufres de violencia en #México llama 01-800-911-25-11"
I dont know how bad i look or what the fuck happened that  N asked me to forgive him from shouting to me this last days.  Wtf?
@1124pebbles @l3arista cool school! Kudos :)
@savebunny @smiley959375 keep calm, observe, plan, leave. He is not changing and if urnt gonna  be happy at least ve calm &amp; safe. Run
"@Light_Life_Love: Narcissists don't need to lay a finger on you to abuse you; their words and mind games do the. 
@OksanaFit @carriecarrie99 thnx friends. Its just a horrible week here in N life. He is trying to make me go crazy so he can call me crazy
I cant believe its just the 2nd day of the day. Im exhausted. Angry. Frustrated. I hate myself.
@carriecarrie99 kudos!!!
"@Light_Life_Love: Psychopathy - FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin  
@pace_et_mente thats a tough one friend, threw my life down the drain just when i could hv thrived... i hate myself more than i hate N
Whenever i start doubting that i live with a sick, abusive, evil, twisted person. N always seems to bring me back to reallity #dailyreminder
@NpdSurvivo @dallas76266 @SlightedSoul @sheesca can u beleive i hvnt wore glasses (wore them all day) in 1 month a dotting H hasnt asked?
@NpdSurvivo @dallas76266 @SlightedSoul @sheesca oh sure. That happened on our wedding anniversary. i do need them :(
@NpdSurvivo @dallas76266 @SlightedSoul @sheesca sometimes i really do hate him. everyday i like him less
@NpdSurvivo @dallas76266 @SlightedSoul @sheesca i know there will come a time i will dispise him happened to me w other socio i dated.
@NpdSurvivo @SlightedSoul @SheEscapes2 told him to go check himself as he aint learning from bad experiences ;)
@NpdSurvivo @SlightedSoul @SheEscapes2 he cant say that bc he tradhed exw very bad. He tells me im just like her. Last time i laughed &amp;
@dallas76266 @SlightedSoul @NpdSurvivo @sheesca wore my reading glasses. He took them
 Im sure
@dallas76266 @SlightedSoul @NpdSurvivo @sheesca hahahaha. i picture him throwibg my stuff into the trash can. I remember last day i
By myself &amp; bc i hv a kid. If not i would hv gone off the grid a while bk now.
Lost all hope in love or in having a fair tratment i dont fucking care if he discards me or not. Either way i will feel miserable &amp; survive
Ive been telling him for weaks now he is always angry w me. Projection. He is tryi g to drive me crazy
 What he doesnt know is thst as i hv
He is trying to make me pop and i wont. Subtle crazy mqling like entering room "so this is how its gonna be? U angry all the time?" Hahaha
@SlightedSoul @NpdSurvivo @SheEscapes2 ive lost 4 driving licenses in 1yr. Also reading glasses, earphones, chargers. i never lost things bf
@1124pebbles @l3arista i pitty them. Some will be surely abused
@SlightedSoul @NpdSurvivo @SheEscapes2 right!!! I have everything right? They do not know how much we owe or how he is.
@SheEscapes2 do you have to keep contact? I know its hard. But they say full NC is what works
Making me glo irrational will give him the excuse he needs in hos messed head to make ok hos cheating
N fell asleep 730 pm. Opens eyes to whine about noise &amp; my inhappiness. He is pishing my botons. It hv to stay calm. He want me to go crwzy
@SheEscapes2 has he tried to contact you? :S
@SheEscapes2 dont return to the evil twin brother. Your husband died by his hands, evil twin  killed him. Remember? Widows we are.
@cosmiqparadox i know. we are upper class too, no help close by or that can really defend from powerful man as N
@cosmiqparadox i know. bit if that org is not helping they shouldnt post it. As woman can pit themselves in more danger by believing
@SheEscapes2 @NpdSurvivo @zariballard im sorry. I wish for you to stop feeling that love.
@NpdSurvivo @SlightedSoul @SheEscapes2 ppl just dismiss &amp; think its a "comfort zone" thing that we stay.
I already td him run! Now i will send him literature
A guy that works for me might be in a very toxic relatioship w some1 who was abused &amp; has abused him. ill try an help
I talk to no1 about what really goes on. I trick ppl. Just as N does.
I know i hv great friends here. I oy wish for one humam being i could trust in my city (&amp; that i dont hv to pay to being listened to)
@selenanel thnx friend
Only person that can understand this desperation is my mum who is deeper in dispair that me. She is just waiting for death
@selenanel :) thnx. Im just feeling lonely.
And ues its my fault being an introvert married to a narc makes one be alone and lonely and in very real need of truth &amp; safety.
I just need to know i can trust some1. And right now as for little things that have happened i know im alone. Utterly alone.
@cosmiqparadox :( then we sould tell this @PixelProject that the help they announce in India in noexistent.
@l3arista thats what i do. N believes he makes me happy &amp; that i love our life. I used to. Now i wake up w pimcjed stomach feeling everyday
Black is all i see around me
i know some woman that i know think that if im still w N is bc i want to/like it. I wish upon them one hr day of this pain and anguish
N knew that by cutting my financial independence i would hv a very jard time leaving him. As i dont hv real support
For those who think one can live woth out $ in this world either hv had it alwahs solved or are incapable of compassion
im sad. I wake up sad. I sleep sad. It seems i dont know other way. difficult not to be hvong made so many bad choices. Bei g so trapped.
@NarcissismSurvi he is a stupid malignant narcissit whi THINKS he is a writer and needs motnhs in europe
 Fantasy crap i call it
Knowing what i know about life now. I wouldnt bring a kid to this world. Most ppl are evil. No need to come and suffer. Dont hv kids pls
"@PurplePurse: April #FinancialLiteracyMonth Get educated, financial abuse happens in 98% ofdomestic violence cases. 
"@PixelProject: In India, call 1091 for help with Domestic Violence -Women's Helpline taking care of women"
Weve just returned 1 week ago from 10 days in spain and yet he is restless again.
So 1st he sells me idea of long vacarion with my kidd in exchange of me beibg away for over a month for him "to write". He is so lazy...
Some1 with a "fluid pen" &amp; has also been td by others - says He. I find his ideas innovative &amp; his penmanship regular.
He is selling to himself the idea he needs to go to europe or miami for a month "to write", as he is wtiter now. he has described himself as
Wanna bet he wakes up and rhen wakes me as soon as i fall asleep? Who is in? im exhausted
Avoidance sleep: N exploded against me a while ago 4 something that wasnt my fault. It was so obvious that 20 mun later he was asleep 730pm
How things hv changed in 4 yrs. Now dv is all over media and i think its helping a lot
@FinaBianco :) yup. Also kept him from threats aboit posting intimate photos he once took
 He realised i would be held victim not whore ;)
Narc abuse is the complete master piece of domestic abuse
I think what has kept my narcisistic husband from beating me again in more than a year is #dv media coverage #domesticviolencechat
@l3arista i know wo me our company would be in problems. im very introvert and my otjer boss for 20 yrs was abusive too. Im a magnet
@l3arista weird part is i know given the chance elsewhere i could thrive. But i dont know how to sell myself, not how to call my skills,
@1124pebbles @l3arista does it really get better? Im getying tired of fighting for each breath
@NpdSurvivo @SheEscapes2 he wrote a letter? Wow. How does it feel to read all that and know its true?
Hoe can N be so stupid in pocking bussiness partners? Why does he give $ away in that?
All i wish is for this roller coaster to end. Period. To end.
I know she has attacked me... i can inderstand why she feels about me they wsy she does. I can also say that many ppl say she is wicked
I reapreared. I know she called me his "eternal girlfriend" i realised soon she must hv felt her marriage was a sham &amp; i felt for her
Ns kids are named in my fathers mother languaje whi h has nothing to do w his line of familyM hos exw must have loathed my for yr before
Part of the guilt thay consumes me daily is knowing i was used as a flying monkey and triangulation
@IdealiseDestroy was in charge of paying their allimony. Many times using my savings until they Dried out
 Too confusing
@IdealiseDestroy allienatinon as weapon thst backfired on her. She gave N all the excuses to play victim &amp; not see kids. For 7 yrs i
@IdealiseDestroy i didnt harrass her at all. All i did is try to bring kids to home. She doesnt allow N to see kids (she used parent
@IdealiseDestroy ive been a flying monkey i a weird way bc if it hadnt been for me being used to spite Exw, N's kids wouldn hv received $
"@IdealiseDestroy: Are you being abused by proxy by a #FlyingMonkey #Narcissist 
@JoannaMoore99 im being subtle. Like ppl know now that N leaves ppl waiting for hrs or cancels las hr. I dont. Ive made ppl notice
@bendlikeawillow i know. Im just frustrated knowing all oir doom is his doing &amp; its gonna seem as mine :(
I want e erybody to know what a bad person he is. I would love for hom to feel social shame. Same ive felt. How can i achive this?
Im not expecting for him to change. I dont believe a word he says. Its just i dont believe i cant do it on my own.I dont know how to get job
Ive come to really see when he makes the nasty-nice move to confuse me-change subject. I dont bite bait anymore. Its just im trapped
And then... is she is smart enuff. She will remember my name in a different tune. And then her hell will begin. Let her take my husband. Pls
He will discsrd me and we will start a v long amd diffiult divorce (i ve been there w him) &amp; she will jv a good-bad time until hell breaks
Do i think ow is having a good time? she will at times, but her frustration on him not leaving me is gonna break her bad. and them maybe
@Winglessfly8 @JaeMar68 nothing more convincing than a known voice shoiting im gonna kill you over the phone and then drowning in tears
@Winglessfly8 @JaeMar68 thats why one has to keep evidence. Picts of bruises, screen shots of menacing texts, recorded threats over phone
"@PsychopathFree: Signs that you're an empathetic person:
- Warm &amp; easy-going by nature
to... 
I just pray to find a way out and for this animal to be some1 elses problem
Exh says is gonna bring kid at 930pm. Arrives 845 im out walking dogs. Sends angry text "kid is up and u dont answer call" wtf? I hate him 2
"@JillStodola: "The compassion means not only feeling others pain but also being moved to relieve it.""
@l3arista on dec 2013 i discovered he is a malignant narcisist. I dont know how to break free
. @l3arista i will never forget that day. My h died the day i found him cheating. I died too. Life, love, trust as i knew it, died. Nov 2011
If i only had a place to go &amp; a secure way of earning $ i would leave. Im not afraid of working, im afraid of not finding a job!
He tried once more to pull drama to him &amp; didnt allow him. Now he is behaving v nice. I know he is cheating again.
Both work 4 marriage or  it fails &amp; if u dont want to be w me, as u complain about everything &amp; ur always mad at me, we can deal w that 2"
He complained we r getting strangled. 4 1st time instead of trying 2 defend the relationship i said "u r right. I feel same. either we
@Welkate @zariballard :) new info
@JoannaMoore99 @IdealiseDestroy same here. Going crazier w age too
@mujer_cita_MIA thnx girls. Xxoo
@mujer_cita_MIA thnx. Exactly is financial what has me trapped. I love him still but i know that i no love nor reson to stay.
@mujer_cita_MIA im exahsuted. If i didnt hv a 11 yr old son i would end it. i dont feel a pang of regret when feelung about suicide
@mujer_cita_MIA not yet. Working on it. Im a real mess
"@zariballard: To Narcs actually tell on themselves all the time. Here's how to read them: 
. @IdealiseDestroy there has to be some truth in N's lives and it is in the form of the most horrible confessions
@IdealiseDestroy oh yes they do. Some are so terrible we really dont underdtand and some and misunderstood. But they DO tell
"Punched-in the-gut feeling" describes exactly how i feel all day. All i want is out of everything
"@IdealiseDestroy: Ahhh the silent treatment, have you been abused in this way? Narcissist’s Silent Treatment 
@IdealiseDestroy mine tells me "get me out of town, im getting nasty thoughts"
I dont know what to do anymore.
And i cant find a way out.
Everything he promised has gone the opposite way.
Evertything that made him different from any guy id met, is a lie: gentleman, faithful, caring, interested, good leader, great friend.
Everything that made our relatioship different from others ive had, is fake or a trap: sex, traveling, animals, food, internet...
Early on retionship N asked me never 2 use sex as weapon (wouldnt hv know how even if wanted). Now i know. Been taught by the best.
@l3arista once u discover whats going on it goes from hilarious to terrifying in a blink of an eye
@l3arista bc if the idea of separarion comes from our strenght and not their discard then it is not feasable to really kill relatuonship
N is starting to build drama in how we are not as close as we were as an excuse for affair. Wanna bet?
@TAH80771151 yeah you are right. Thnx a lot. will do as you say.
@TAH80771151 :)
@TAH80771151 thnxs. i feel bad about spaming timelines  :s
@TAH80771151 very hurtful things
@TAH80771151 using love, gifts, atentiveness to keep ppl close. He has always been a doting uncle but i do remember him telling me 5
@TAH80771151 discovering this side of my uncle has me v sad as we were always close. I thnk he was minion to narc mom &amp; grew v controling
@TAH80771151 omg. Ok. yes, i think crazy runs on my mothers side &amp; on N fathers side.
@1124pebbles i almost laughed. He was insulting me While saying this!!
@TAH80771151 bc i made her w my lack of love (i was 17) - aroind the time i met N. Im so meesed. Sorry for rambling :( fotrgive me
@TAH80771151 she doesnt accept exh is a N bc she thinks i say that to minimize what my N has done. Also blames me for leaving the country
@TAH80771151 is your mum a victim? Mine is, no doubt. But i know i cant help her &amp; i dont know how to tell this to my brother &amp; her.
@TAH80771151 when i leave N that the only place i hv to crash at. Makes leaving even more difficult as im  doscovering family stuff now
@TAH80771151 i dont hv the energy. She lives w an uncle ive always loved but im discovering he is manipulative bordering in abuse.
@TAH80771151 i think my grandma was  narc or somethung and my uncle us quite abusive (covert) she lives w him
I had a bestfriend in HS who covered on boyfrind whio was cheating. I never spoke to her again. N is chatting w her on FB. Daily reminders.
@1124pebbles thank you friend. im hving tough days... thanx 4 being here
@TAH80771151 well. But she acts not. And also how can i help some1 who wants to kill herself as i see life as black as she does?
@TAH80771151 ie to tell me my son is not getting much attention form me bc she sees in my fb ive been traveling w N for work. She means
@TAH80771151 passive agresive. If shell say something aboit my looks is to pont oit something isnt right, same w son. Calls me out of the
@TAH80771151 her way of managing abuse has always been thru inspiring guilt. She makes me feel even guiltier about everything. She is
2 uncles, his mom &amp; 2 cousins in Ns family w cancer. Odds are ow will en up beung his nurse. And that can be hell. Run Connie, Run
Im sorry but im making things evident to many so i can protect myself better.
It is very important that ppl that work with us keep thus image rhat i do everything (its true). When discard comes i will need validation
Thats how he manages to appear in everybodys walls a the time, by lots of superficial interaction that hacks the algorythm.
Im watching him FB. He liked stuff wo seeing/readung it. Its like he touches evrrones ego + his name is being read thus reminded by many
Doing things in my phone. I dom i read i work. He does too. Yet tried to convince me of me not being the wife he needs. Crazy.
Been next to u for hrs". I told him "u just did, u were w ur back to me" no-yes-no.. until i said whatever. This bc he says im always
N just tried to convince me he has been lying next to me when he has been sitting with his bk to me. Msng &amp; smoking. Wtf? he said ive
I go thru this everyday in low intensity, it increases unt big fight. Everyday  
I will rejoice in what this animal will do to next victim
 Let her hv it.
I think he is cheating again. If so ill make like at home uncomfortable to keep him on edge. Maybe uf im licky i will get discarded for good
I woke up feeling very angry at N. Why? I dont know. I just know that if he dropped dead for me it woild be the best gift.
once N said that we will hv a very nice divorce as i will not ask for anything bc he has been a great husband
If getting a normal divorce is tough, w an N u kbow ur in for the worst time of ur life &amp; that i will continue for a while. Scared.
I he falls asleep wo kissing me or say good night is ok if i do it it isnt. House rules
Waking up and feeling dismay. As i remember the hell life i hv. I mostly would love to be dead
@Welkate easier to hook up, love bomb and abuse some1 whi feels ugly, fat, missfit
@TAH80771151 problem is mom is a victim of abuse too (im just understanding this) so i feel very guilty for not helping more
@JillStodola thnx my friend. if only we were in the same city we ciuld all work together for $, support &amp; safety.
i am pissed and tired
I find some1 autohirzed something that will costo 200 isd a month for a yr. This gets me yelled at. And now i will ignore him &amp; fall asleep
@cosmiqparadox pls think on how unfair it is for you to live in his parents house &amp; in contant anguisg bc of him.
@1124pebbles mine plays good all the time. His torture is emotional. Makes me up "by accident" or bc has a bad dream or bumps into something
Talking to my mom always makes me cry &amp; brings me down even more. I get anxious just to think about it. we both are so depressed.
I recognize my mother had been severly abused all her life. Im so sad for her. But im juggling so much in my life i cant help her. Guilt
That she was such a lousy mother (bc we were pampered rich kids) that if living in the us, social services would take us in wtf?
Grandma &amp; auncle didnt speak 2 my mom for 2 yrs. All bc of a fight they had when i was 12. I remember my uncle (who despises the Us) yelling
I feel very uneasy with part of my family now. Trying to understand so many things about my mothers side of fam. Its really wicked.
So no... ow is not younger, Skinnier or prettier than me. That drove me crazy 4 a while. Most drive her crazy too as he is w me
Always thought N digged chubby woman, now i know fat woman r easier 2 erode due to insecurity. N likes woman he can make feel insecure.
Since i discovered my H is N ive become more accepting of my looks &amp; overall appearance. I look better than ever. I was somehow freeing
@2ndlast2rise both. He is as rude as you can image &amp; a sleep deprived person is a better prey.
@2ndlast2rise he just doesnt let me sleep &amp; keeps waking me up at night, very warly in morning. Im exhausted
He starts writting i take a nap, N wakes me to tell me that in an hr or so we will be going to go buy bread. Really? I was sound asleep :(
"@pace_et_mente: Many of us apologize for things we should never be sorry for."
"@plantandmineral: ’slut’ is attacking women for our right to say yes. ‘friend zone’ is attacking women for our right to say no."
At least there is no violence or name calling. If i could control my ptsd maybe things would look better &amp; i could ise these weekend truces
Lunch (so i dont to cook but only when he wants to go out), picks movies i might like so he can nap &amp; then complain of me sleeping in early
Husband he is (takes me grocery shopping instead of me using cab), brings coffee to bed (if he makes coffee 4 himself), takes me out to
So now weekeds are a calm. Be almost dont talk &amp; he mainly ignores me but most of few intrractions are for him to show off on what a nice

I married mine.
N fell asleep before 8 pm yesterday. I followed. He woke 1 hr before me. I guess today i t was ok to sleep "too much" as he slept most day
And i will floow suit. ;)
Suddenly N remembered he'd slept really bad last nite (told me otherwise this morning) &amp; fell asleep poped a sleeping pill &amp; blacking out :)
@throwupthehornz someday it wont :)
@throwupthehornz i will take the change of endi g this is he discards or i find him cheating &amp; i hv proof
@throwupthehornz yup. When he gets crazy tgsts what i think: soon it will b some1 else problem. Still.. it hurts.
I know by now he must hv some1 if not already cheating again but will start soon.
@NarcissismSurvi by sleeping
@NarcissismSurvi i was thinking of taking an ansiokitic tonight to make myself sleep but if it is not gonna help me i rather nkt trigger N
@NarcissismSurvi sadly its at home (office too which i share w N husband) where i feel most trigered but i hate going out
@throwupthehornz nope i think im exhausted :(
@NarcissismSurvi depressed as hell. jetlagged form tril to europe tired of trip &amp; narc h wakes me everynight just for fu
@RileyPep i think so. Just checking. i very very tired. Btween trip, jet lag, $ issues, cliente &amp; usual N stress i feel going crazy
.. any1 feeling like this can u explin it to me? Pls? I feel about to go crazy in anxiety. Has been for days now like this. - see last tw-
Every 20 min or so i get this electric feeling, then immediatly i feel "anguish pain" &amp; then flood of things that r going wrong or worry me
And we still arem im just re thinkong some stuff aboit why he does or says things. he can be brutal
"We will be forever acadekoc enemies" said my uncle when i decided 2 study psychology. remember feeling shocked as weve always been close
"@sociopathworld: "it's pointless to punish someone who doesn't believe they did anything wrong because they will do it again""
@MrsXNoMore of you. He seemed so charking with everybody &amp; yet he kept seeing picts of himself of his phone..
@MrsXNoMorejust was in a flight. crew member traveling next to me. Sends selfie to some1 bf takeoff &amp; seems intimate w one girl. I thought
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox i really understand what you say. Why cant they be nice... or at least normal?
@savebunny how r you doing? Still w N. @smiley959375 and I are still stuck in hell
 I think going thru same
Game going on on FB: "use a movke to describe your x": i thought american psycho &amp; sleeping w the enemy. But not my ex..
 My husband :(
"@DepressDiaries: She lives a nightmare everyday,
Just hoping she'll awake.
She wants to be free and live again,
Shes sick of being fake..."
Ive never had true friends.A couple girls during HS. Always felt off. i thiught i was weird. Ive been lonely, alone &amp; by myself. Happy &amp; sad
2nd time around life had me convinced that the way ppl loved u was if u devoted urself to them. I was 36 &amp; softened by life. Easy prey
N &amp; i were in &amp; off for urs during HS. I always jad all rhis contradictive feelings aboit him, he knew &amp; made me feel guilty for them
@savebunny my thoughts exactly
we are going thru sAme.
@savebunny those who got awaY seem to agree on That. im scared of staying &amp; of leaving. Scared
@smiley959375 but i never do it amgrily
@smiley959375 "are you starting a fight w me because the dog trainer misolaced the dogs collar?" I dont argue. I just ask. Paralizes him
@smiley959375 its exhausting. try to stay calm. once N got angry bc my period came during a vacation ¿? I now clarify the situation like
@Light_Life_Love @smiley959375 i call them "seinfeld fights" (fights about nothing) i dont try to follow anymore.
@zariballard @SheEscapes2 N once said he was going to jump from a hotel (were there w clients) told clients would hv a nice memory of him
"House of cards makes you not wanna lie again. So exhausting how complicated it gets for him... better tell truth" said N #justnow
@smiley959375 act as if he was in a good mood. Do your stuff
 Dont react, dont sulk, be nice if need to communicate. Stay calm
@CookieKL @smiley959375 @LeanTowardsLove @dallas76266 its a never ending roller coaster. Good bad nice nasty love hate cry laugh all day
@LeanTowardsLove @dallas76266 horrible. life feels like a thriller movie that doesnt end. Not funny
@1124pebbles this time. As i hv gone bk and forgivem more than i should jv
@1124pebbles i know he will run or do somethimg so bad he'll leave &amp; expect me to forgive him. I'll for this and use rhe oportunity wisely
@SheEscapes2 i know i should be compassionate for him but i cant. I glad he moved out and u r ok. Sad for ur kids but they had to know :(
@dallas76266 and how did you finally did it? how does that day come?
@SheEscapes2 amazing he didnt expect you leaving after all he pit u throu. are you working or financially ok? Im so proud of u
Do you ever go bk a d read tweets form 2 months ago? Do it. Puts things into perspectivd
My pets are starting to be a trigger for guilt and demanding work. I so tired of this all. Bit i cant seem to get courage to leave. Scared
I wish i didnt have any. N brought all this kitties and dogs that i adore but are a bit abandoned and are a lot of work
Im exhusted: dad has cancer, company still in financial issues, N is getting bored and lazier, im fed up w so many pets. Never thought i
@SheEscapes2 what do you expect him to do next? Sorry im trying to understand scenarios. How do u feel?
Easter vacation 3 yrs ago. N was bk with me &amp; still w ow. I threw him out of house
 Didnt speak w him 4 weeks. N love bombed me bk :(
For a Holy Thurday morning: i walk the line. A crash course in narc abuse. #justnow
This for you" "if you feel so bad w me, pls leave" "if it doesnt work for you... leave". 1 day he will leave.
As i know my feelings dpnt matter so wont serve in argument i turn attention towards N "im sad u are so miserable by my side, i dont want
The next time he says the exact same words the parents are yelling at their kids "u r ashaming me" "u know what next".
And we are watching a program on fathers pishing their athlete kids to a point it is abusive. He is imoressed. I will make him recall this
I almost faInted. N didnt care. Just kept doing his thing. Amazing how he doesnt even try to fake something is there isnt any benefit 4 him
@Tmarieand3 at least they feel pain themselves, good to know they suffer too
Would gain me a friend in case of need. He has a different education. If he only knew. I kbow hed help me... maybe he will. someday
Intelligence and how ake N soar by always being by his side taking smart care of him. This guy has been pas abused i know a pict if a bruise
This guy that N knew fron corp life and that had had a C level multi continent job at falius tech co is fascinated w me. Celebrating my
Sometging he will do. Some kind of complain
Either decided to do things quietly or N slept whole night
 Can believe he didnt wake me.
@cosmiqparadox i know. You went from abusive h to qbusive inlaws. I pray 4 u my friend
@destroyeddad :)
"@itzwikipedia: Every 43 seconds someone attempts suicide. The Suicide hotline: 1-800-784-2433. Retweet &amp; save a life."
@cosmiqparadox No. i hv to grt out. this is making me sick. The anxiety leves are up the sky
I fear old age all by myself &amp; thats exactly what i will hv. My family lives lots of years. I dont know how i will manage to live 30 + yrs
@Snowflake_Fox or at least away from ppl.
Or at latest friday there is gonna be a fight bc HE will feel abandoned by me. Wanna bet?
Last 3 days ive almost mot seen N as he has been sleeping fqking a cold &amp; claiming migraine while whinnibg about jetlaged. I know 2morrow
@SheEscapes2 how do you think N will react? what are your plans?
"@LeanTowardsLove: was the saddest day... I realized I had never meant anything to him. It's hard 2 wrap ur mind around being the prey. #DV"
@SheEscapes2 wow :)
@SheEscapes2 i know... more than a year of readung you. So proud!
@dallas76266 only a crazy one, Right?  Sometimes un middle of fights i tell myself soon it will be antoher womans problem as he will leave
@throwupthehornz :( love hurts so much i will leave the experience to others. im out of this love game
@dallas76266 me too. Always thiught of him as the sweetest most caring and "in to me guy" dupped big time
It hurts a lot having a husband that doesnt and will never love you back after being your dream come true guy
@SheEscapes2 :) kudos.
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 we keep repeating we've been good bc its unbelievae even for ourselves to be trated like this wo "r3adon"
@Snowflake_Fox he is right when saying im not how used to be. And then agqin he is not what he said &amp; that changed me
@Snowflake_Fox now i kbow im not. Ive stopped caring for details i kbow make hom feel good, my attention to his needs has becom superficial
@Snowflake_Fox we are both quite trapped :( but he reacts nuch worse even when everything is his fault. I hv really been a good partner
@Snowflake_Fox i think thats how he feels about me. He loves somethings i give him &amp; hates that fo now he does depend on me.
@Snowflake_Fox yup. Its sad but my feelings for him hv changed. I love him dearly but as i know wjat he is i hate him at the same time.
@RileyPep @smiley959375 true. Waste of life, intelligence, time theirs &amp; of everyone who has the misfortune to meet them
@smiley959375 i look at him &amp; am truly sadnened he has it all and still chooses to spoil it
 Every single day
Felt guilty with him, as if i owed him bc he fell in love w me as i was dating another guy (who he wrote &amp; we broke up). That changed me
Back in 1988 convinced me i wasnt able to love him as he did me &amp; that something must be wrong w me as rejecting this loving guy. Always
@smiley959375 im always in a scene of my worst case scenario. If it can go wtong it will. Now im certain  about this
@smiley959375 i hv tried to remember moments in which i didnt feel anxiety. Only few ones w N bf i knew, now those are tainted
@smiley959375 @RileyPep ive come to tealose that i dont wish for happiness as i see it veryfar away. I just wish for lack of anxiety
#justnow "who are you chatying with" just opens eyes to blurt this &amp; falls bk asleep.
Im tired of always being on the lOok out
 Always being alert for whatever he brings on
@RileyPep thing he can say i take as truth. I never believe anything unless its happening and then i distrust the reasons. Im tired of him
@RileyPep N helps a lot in this sense
 Not letting one day go withpit him being an ass in some manner. Once ypu know what is going on, no
it makes me wonder how i feels not to hv heart paralizing anxiety or worries. Just for a day. Not a clue.
@Snowflake_Fox are you taling any meds Snowy. You sound really deprrssed. When all i can think of is sleeping is a huge red flag.
Everytime i feel like "loving N" intrusive thoughts on how he hurts me crawl bk, not letting me reatach again. lust and love are weaning
@dallas76266 i know. He wakes me daily, today im also jetlagged from trip to europe
 He slept all day &amp; night faking a life threatening cold
From partner in public" this while ridding a cab. I didnt care about what cabdriver thought &amp; that too is a first. Im not ashamed, im angry
told N other day in mist of fight "nope, IAM the stupid 1, not doubt. 1 has to b stupid to tolerate such rude &amp; nasty treatment from...
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep behavoir &amp; verbally that i dont care anymore. We both seem shocked by the statement. I know its true, he will too.
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep it seems to be working me ignoring him most of time &amp; fighting bk in some things. Mostly ive told him w my
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep i know this will etxplode or implode or something. He knows im changing, doesnt know why yet
@RileyPep which makes me think they hv a bad time too &amp; w that i rejoice. I love to see him squirm at life.
@RileyPep and i will not react as much as i can
 He continoisly asks me if i love him still
@RileyPep yup in a strange way he has realised that for know he needs me for the company to run. Yet driving me crazy emotionally
Im really not in the mood, slept 5 hrs badly, N slept the whole day. Im tired, angry, sad,frustrated &amp; jelagged. If i had a human h id be ok
After las night waking up on purpose and then getying angry bc i complained i wonder wht ficked up sotuation will take place today
@2ndlast2rise yeah. tough hving ppl who "care" this way
@RileyPep to react, posts how all this effort working he is doing it for and with me as we r power couple. 40 likes &amp; comments on FB crazy
@RileyPep mood as knowswe hv to get bk to work a lot. He is lazy. And while doing all this stupid drama, taking me to edge as fighting not
@RileyPep about him spending all flight pucking w out being helped by me (i was asleep, 10 hr fligh, hr didnt wake me). He is in a shitty
@RileyPep have. Traveling usually makes him happy ofr a month or so. This time fighting stated upon arrival And it was also whinning
@RileyPep he is playing victim:the lonely, abandoned husband. Claiming lack of interest on my part. Trip didnt hv the effect trips usually
@RileyPep i (leave, cheat,... ) bc of this. Tired of now being directly threatened. He is being subtly irritating so i react.
@RileyPep everytime he hets angry at something he now says "... so you wont be surprised" in oir languaje it makes more sense, meaning
@RileyPep he said im being violent. I told jom u r right and it a huge red flag of something really wrong gping on. Went into shower
The hurt of knowing that ppl i opnened my heart to mock my feelings and situation makes it hard to be nice to them.
Some think i exagerate when i say 17 yr old N made such an impact in my life that i can say now the was emotionally abusive. they dismiss it
Sometimes u wish i handt confided in some ppl i did. They say they understand. They mock me. I know. Ive been told
@Light_Life_Love i dont even know how that old happy me was. Ive been trapped in abuse since teenage years now i realise
@bendlikeawillow as i know i will be confussed w random &amp; illogical whines, complaints &amp; accusations
@bendlikeawillow if a big fight is gonna blow up at least may it be w me having the upper hand &amp; at least understanding the beggining of it
@bendlikeawillow tomorrow as he will continue with "fight" i will make him remember how he is acting exactly as crazy exwife.
@bendlikeawillow mine too. Curiously he said his crazy ex wife did that to him. Is he a fast learner? im so ticked. Now he is asleep &amp; imnot
@bendlikeawillow true.
@MyXNarcBF would get and then re check the posibility of anything being handled W a Narc. Stay away.
@MyXNarcBF u cant. try 2 think how N would reacts, u know exaclty what he will as they r not creative, try to figure the stupid conversation
@MyXNarcBF if he wants it to hv the "wow factor" yes. It he doesnt care he can do his usual shit and we continue w this charade.
Didi i mention that after waking me up now he is snoring. I fucking hate him
He is trying ti make me snap and he is close to achieving it. He is being so irritable &amp; stupi i want to smack his head.
1st thing N said today was "i feel ill" last "u didnt mind being woken up" the only min N didnt sleep today he pestered me.
N wakes me up at 11 pm, then as notes a bit of bad humor bc of it, says our marriage is in the rocks bc i didnt use to mind getting woken.
N met one of my uncles. He might be the best person i know
 Oddly N didnt make effort to rob spotlight. Weird.
I rather hv him rage than act sick. Doesnt he realise how pathrtic is a grown man that has 2 3 day a moth that make him unable to work?
His "im sick" whinney attitude puts me in a gellish mood. One i hv trouble keeping abay. It blows my mind to hear him whine
N slept all day bc he is jetlagged (im too) but he faked being sick (i would much prefer him saying i dont want to move that playing sick"
Today i told N "so tell me whats ur surpise another woman, again, leaving me, again. Same behavoir isnt surprising, be original this time"
"So there wont be surprised faces if something happens" or "... then you wont be surprised" as the new u conclusive threat on my behqvoir
@selenanel this morn i came w this analogy. Same happens w weight gain. Slowly like the humidity in a building
Narc abuse is like sitting on a bathtube that very slowly starts heating up... until you are being boiled alive ...
N seek blurring the lines between them &amp; u, So they can suck life from u (as dementors) while u feel at home.
I will never get over N cheating in me. I dont know if it is bc he is a psychonarc or bc im so broken.
27 likes &amp; ppl posting how they love us as a couple.
At same time he is making my life hell w emotional abuse he posts on fb how his achievements arent worth it if not shared w me
"Thete will be no surprises" is the new threat. No even 5 hrs bk home he is making my life a living hell.
Bk to sordid reallity. N has been preparing for days his "doing nothing" days whinning about a nasty cold
 Wanna bet he stays in bed days?
Bk home N waited for last 10 min of flight to start raging about me sleeping while he got sick during flight. Then about not hving enuff sex
Today. N did not make ONE nasty, out of place, whinney, complaining or ugly comment. Wtf?!?!?!
N &amp; post numerous picts of the trip. Ns friends are our biggest fans. Posting comments as the "best couple ever" ow must be happy ;)
N is bk to being super nice. This is the 1st trip in almost 4 yrs that he doesnt go out of his way to spoil something important. Why?
@Guyincogn @SlightedSoul :) how cool we can get male advice here without being conned. Thnx friend! :)
Has so like personallity that loses the very distinctive country way of speaking and talks mid argentinean plus spanish from spain. Loser
Ns line 4 the trip is "with ur uncle ur all smiles, w me angry" did i mention N has ignored me all day but to complain bour me being angry?
@Guyincogn actually im so jetlagged &amp; tired i wasnt even angry. Has been like this all day. Talks to me to say im angry. Crazy fucker
Just to keep things spicy N woke me in a bad mood asking why i am so angry w him. Didi i mention i was asleep not angry? Fucker!
Pushing bk bf he can really strike &amp; then putting physical &amp; emotional space is proving to be helpful
 Still too much good behavoir
Im sadened bc N has really nice ppl around him good friends, really good ppl. And he lies &amp; cons. Im sad. I like this ppl.
N TRIED to complain about not being communicative &amp; smiley w him as im w my uncle. Didnt bite.
@Light_Life_Love that guy is a freaking psycho playing the whole world. Evil and twisted. Disgrace to sports
@TAH80771151 i know. sometimes life gets confussing :S
4rd trip day. Only two little nasty remarks. 1st on my hairstylist nos covering me gray hair &amp; other about "my place". Both i ignored
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox sad but true husband cant be nice anymore as i dont trust his reasons :(
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox he is being too nice fo me to feel comfortable knowing what he is and recalling how he can behave
@Snowflake_Fox he is really being nice. That doesnt take away the feeling of being alone. But he is not being nasty or agressive (?)
N is behaving so nicely that its creepy.Has not only allowed but promoted nice family time w my family. Wtf? This is gonna cost me... i know
But bc i dont trust his goodness im in cosntant alert.
Pushing bk seems to help. If N starts gpong at something i just tell him leave me alone &amp; ignore him. He comes bk soflY. Whats going on?
@NpdSurvivo i told him once he was a psycho. I didnt understand rhen how close i was. He didnt lile. I wouldnt tell him again
@NpdSurvivo im sure he knows he is a evil psycho
I love being here. G
@RileyPep im about to see my uncle whim i hvnt seen in yrs. I dont freaking care what N does. This is my city as much as the q i live in ;)
Readig storis here make N seem like an angel (hanst raped me, takes me on trips, hasent beat me in 1 yr). Am i complaining too much?
@NpdSurvivo he tries. But knowing how &amp; what he is i know what to expect
Not even N can spoil Barcelona for me.
And finally after a bit of hassle i am going on the trip. N almost makes it impssible for me to go. made me hv a really bad time. Hate him
And if he asks i will tell him that when he is able to help me and he choses not to i dont feeling doovey lovey with him
 And thats true
Im uber angry @ N. He takes responsability for nithing. Im pissed  and ut will show
 Not looking at him. Not talking to him. Just as he does
I know there is gonna be a fight during the trip. Questoon is when. How long-rough. And what will be N excuse for it. Wanna bet?
Im getting anxious. I know N is gonna arrive here in a faulty mood. Im so tired of this. And on top of all i feel guilty for not going w him
Suffered indfidelity wouldnt be able to sleep knowing you are qn accomplive on hurting ppl badly. I know i couldnt
I know OW has said she doesNt want to hurt me as she knows how hurtful being cheated on is (exh cheated she says). I think some1 that has
Im gonna talk to N in such a way that for a while he will put things in order, Just in time for me to prepare &amp; then 4 him to brutally snap
Wanna bet N comes home making a huge drama about him working afternoon? Drama in 3,2 ... and im not in the freaking mood to tolarate :S
@smiley959375 i know. Im dismissed daily and he still acts as if he paid the world of attention to me. Disconnected from reallity
Telling us how intetesting her "healing" practice is. For 1st time she arouse in my a really weird vibe. Something is on in her.
But she didnt seem impressed at all of her sons feats, she insisted on us puting a video she didnt even glance at it once. Was concentrated
seeing lack of pride or interest in N mom made me think on how self absorved she is. I dont know if she is off or is abuse scar she shows
Im absolutly exhausted. Las 3 month hv been a stress hell
 Cannot live like this. Will tell N. Can take it as 1st notice. I cant anymore
Any free kindle books on narcs u recomend i can download? (Kindle)
@smiley959375 we are in a spot in which for some reason he is accepting when i react to this. Seems to acknolwdge. At lwast im speaking up
@dallas76266 going on 8 yrs this time ... first  8 yrs were in highschool. Its a miracle im sane
If u r still w N pls dont forget the bad times. Be alert for daily reminders of his twisted mind. That only way to stay a bit clear
@Soulburn5 those r rhe things i need not to forget. The constant reminder that when being nice its just a mask
Never seen MIL as i did yest. not ince she acted prpud or impressed by N, she fought to tell her doings. Not once she was listening to him
@Soulburn5 my husband xmas day. days after i dicovered him cheating wore "hope is for sissies" t shirt. Cruel
I hate it when N hushes me silent bc anything else is more important than what i hv to say. Im starting to react
@LivingNarcFree i know. N has 2 kids from previous marriage &amp; between him being N &amp; her a v angry lady.. its impossible. Glad u r out
"To rock it in Spain &amp; the whole conference tour all i need is my loving, caring sexy wife bck" i know exactly what mood he is in. Trip mode
Also just noticed that he uses his mom as example &amp; joke many times "would love for my mom to hear u talk about me, maybe shed be proud"..
Today i saw N fight to impress his mom. She didnt bulge. Can she be narcisistic and not evil? Tryingo hard to understand what i saw today
@LivingNarcFree are you in a relationshsip w one?
@LivingNarcFree yep. I can see him ... seei g himself being Adam
N discovered Moroon5 Sugar video yest. Has played 100 times. He so wants to be Adam &amp; hv that effect om ppl. I see it in hi eyes
@LivingNarcFree im still w mine so i dnt really know :S
Having a hard time keeping my face straight. trying to figure oit if MIL is a narc
. @dallas76266 he looks really good actually but the whole show was hilarious. Takes the sexy out. Im laughing 4 1st time in days
N is parading in front of me in briefs... he is showing off his muscles. cant keep face straight &amp; talking about BMI
@IAmASurvivor1 thnx.  will try
@IAmASurvivor1 i know what im against: malignant narc. Just trying to survive. Today toughest day in weeks
@IAmASurvivor1 i know. He wants me to stay bc im the one making things work. holding things together. Im exhausted
I sobbed in desperation infront of N. He just begged "dont lose faith in me". Im about to colapse
my person asistant quit today due to person problems. Maid about to. Did i say nothing wpuld ruin my trip? Guess fucking again
I will hold every woman posting in my fb agains vilence agains woman when i leave. So will see how compassionate they r when i leave
@RileyPep had to. I hv bumped into her too. I try no to think about it. I hate going there. I breath and i hurry
@cosmiqparadox i know. Thats why we are here to help you grt in touch w reallity while fog drifts aways. You had no other choice.
I constantly hv to go to the mall where OW shops, N has to go 2. We hv client there. Anxiety attacks now reduced to minimum.
@cosmiqparadox you did the righr thing, no doubt
"@couragetriumphs: Interesting how some women say tstand 4 all women.yet their actions say that they only stand 4 a certain type of woman"
@LivingNarcFree he has always said that to me (wo the flock away).
"@LivingNarcFree: #Narcissists 3 favorite words... 
@LivingNarcFree wanna see them react? Dont look at them. mine notices within q hr i hvnt looked at him. Drives him crazy(er)
"@LivingNarcFree: Narcissist love when you REACT with a REACTION!! It feeds their ego...don't engage!!"
@victimofacheat @Tmarieand3  mine too has fans. international public speaker he is. Fans applause spotlight and a loving stupid wife
Looking for Ns pet name as an strategy not to call him "my N".
@victimofacheat @Tmarieand3 ditto!
im tired of hearing him put himself in the middle of every funcking thing!
3yrs ago we spend St patricks @ san antonio. A very bad trip. I know ow was all day in chat. And i also know they had a big fight 4 the trip
"@stilllearning2b: I Used to Judge #domesticviolence 
Always buys the best, latest tech &amp; has a rational about everything he buys: from clothing to food "this is kevlar a material.mm blah blah."
Love how some call their Ns "monster" "hyde" "devil" im still looking for a name for this one. my brother used to call him "NASA guy" as he
Stupid freak of nature that's what he is.
Takes me to take kid to school. Not an hr has passed when he is saying "for THIS i take u to kids school?" As expected.
@NpdSurvivo my is dellusional and sexual hunter too
@NpdSurvivo sure. U can dm me or mail me openeyesto@gmail.com just tell me if u wirte as i dont open that acct a lo 4 sec reasons
"@smiley959375: 30 Red Flags of Manipulative People | Narcissist, Sociopath, and Psychopath Abuse Recovery 
@NpdSurvivo master &amp; apostols same story. I thiught only mine went this far w dellision. If it werenymt real i would be funny
@NpdSurvivo maistro? what di he mean?  mine told me other day "connie of all my apostols, uve alwaus been the hardest critic" almost laughed
@NpdSurvivo sometimes having jim shut up os the best part of the day. He talks non stop
@Snowflake_Fox id gladly trade places. She w her loving husband i'll take the black clothes
Any1 recomends ftee kindle e book to download?
Its just sad that good ppl die and evil ones get to keep on hurting. Wish i couldl take my college friend place.
@Snowflake_Fox its amazing the amount of shit the do-say. Leaves one forzen as its just plain stupid. Pls stop contact
@Snowflake_Fox thats also true. Nothing comes free
I wish N had died bf me knowing of his npd. Now widowing would be a gift and i hv nothing good to hold on to
A friend from college just widowed. Thinking of her pain an how she can always remember the man she loved as the man she loved. Not like us
If clients dont pay this week we are im very bid problems. Hope N understands this. I dont know how he can sleep
@Snowflake_Fox right. Dogs are his. Csts are mine
@NPDawakening @SlightedSoul exactly genetic disposition= psycho
@SlightedSoul already did that. They cant really help against some1 like N (power / $). thay said only help was if leaving town &amp; i cant.
work sunday better for him after him having to clean the dogs mess. What did i get? Angry N saying i dont listen to his needs
Stupid is i offered to walk dog so he could finish watching a documentary bf empleyees get here &amp; we start working. Trying to make this
Ni s angry at me bc i slept yesterday most day &amp; we didnt hv sex (i hv a big cold). Angrier bc i offered to walk dog instead of offering sex
@Snowflake_Fox for sure, but what for?
N does a good job not blaming me for pets stuff. I know he wants to rage but somehow he manages to control. Why? What for?
@SlightedSoul some1specific. They say stuff like "some1 whi handles addiction might help or couples therapy" i know they are lost
@SlightedSoul hvnt found the right network in my country. Dont know where narc victims are. Asked to psychologist and they dont know
@SlightedSoul yep. thats why is taking me fotever to find a therapist. Ive no energy to waste exaplining.
It makes me wanna cry just to think on starting day like this grrrr :(
Dog is been eating from waste basket in kitchen had antoher accident in living room N will be pissed &amp; i cant clean as i imediatly vomit :S
"Europe trip" &amp; other ways to inflate things. For me its "we r going to bcn for N to give a keynote &amp; staying a couole days"
There than in any other trip. last trip to soain i just hv foind oit about ow &amp; had seen real N for 1st time. Worst trip ever.
Plans.. expending $. I expect one medium sized seinfeld fight. He will be careful as i know the city &amp; he doesnt. I might feel more secure
Strategy seems to be nice &amp; keep things calm. n will keep me on edge w small things(sleep depravation, not really enoying the trip, changing
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening yet are the same dangeous &amp; with 3 of them hv to make no contact. Sorry english not flowing today
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening i believe psycho-socio &amp; narc hv different origins/begginings but end result is same/they vary little in traits
715 N woke me up blasting tv. Fell bk to sleep &amp; for me the usual morning anxiety
@1124pebbles happen. It htat is done every1 wil know who he is. But still had to go to lawyer,
@1124pebbles &amp; as soon we get $N will give to her. He hates her &amp; doesnt love the kids but he surely wont end up in jail. He wont let it
@1124pebbles his exw told him will send him to jail bc is late w allimony (true), difficult for her to do that as we actually jv no $ now
@1124pebbles this N (im trying not to call it "mine" XD ) has so many $ pressure he is not having a good time right now. Cant show as wanted
"I wanna thank u for letting me hv dogs again connie" wtf? #justnow
@1124pebbles poor guy. I realise he will never be happy either. He is a brilliant mindm wasted
@1124pebbles i can understan entitlement even rage. But planning to hurt. Hurting with a plan i dont.
public announcement of me going on the trip w him. Ow will be happy &amp; i will enjoy the city i hv not been in 9 yrs. Happy against all odds
close. Hasent raged. really raged in a long while now. Last biiiig one was bk on Dec (twice). too nice. too calm. too good to be true.
He si behaving too nice. Even when i hv intentionally not been nice to him. He comes and uses his manipulating tactics like crying to get me
Seems that things might start picking up in bussiness after all this months. Things woulda never gotten so far if listening to me.
Still i know he will make his best for me to have a great and horrible time at the same time. Trying to own the town in my mind. No way.
It was until yesterday that N really made clear i was going with him. not taking me woulda been a huge afront. Maybe a deal breaker. N knows
@1124pebbles :( too sad. This always looking for more, for perfection, envying others... and then doing nothing to achieve the dreams :(
got to go together so it wouldnt b contaminated by momories of N. now i dont care all i can think is going there again &amp; smelling the place
childohood summers.Not even N is going to spoil that week for me. He says he never went there bc of missing me. I had been happy he we never
Next week we are going to Europe for N to give a conference. We are going to the city where my fahter was born &amp; where i spend all
@Snowflake_Fox true. You can dig into his 1st narcisistic injury. And hurt him but u are hurting urself more
@Snowflake_Fox dont mix more unaware ppl. Her friend might just want to help. Sadly rhere is nothIng her to do
@Snowflake_Fox and? How dud all they react?
@Snowflake_Fox what for? why use the little energy youve got left in him? Do volunteer work at dogs shelter instead
@Snowflake_Fox oh im sorry. I really hope next yr we can truly celebrate.
Why is it that i still cry bc he doesnt love me. I look at him and get so sad. He / we coulda hv a great time :(
@Snowflake_Fox and its probay true. but again you telling him that is the same as kissing him
@Snowflake_Fox when is yoir bd?
@Snowflake_Fox at least moving to your own place and not seeinh your sister
 I hope you do wi  the lotto! We will see what we do ;)
@Snowflake_Fox telling him that is feeding him w supply. For hin if u love him or hate is the same. U are concentrating on him
@Snowflake_Fox oh yes it would help. You could go to a long vacation and that would help
I remember N asking me how much money i made 2nd day we saw each other after 14 yrs. he was evaluatung me for scamming me
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening wish for us to meet or Not. Might be interesting and very creepy too
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening yrs and we are going to go to the country he lives in. N is giving an important conference. i dont kbow if to
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening things told by MIL. I might meet psychonarc FIL late this month on a trip. Hvnt met him. N &amp; him hvnt seen in 20
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening so. He had the psycho gen + was badly abussed by pyscho-narc dad as kid. I assume dad is psycho-narc bc of
@SlightedSoul @NPDawakening i belive the N i live with is son of a psycho+narc and grandson of socio or psycho (dont know all fam history)
"@NJFreudian: Why do people hold grudges &amp; continue to think about the very people they'd like to forget?" / exaclty what i told N about exw
It almost makes me laugh when N resorts to sobbing incontrollably when cant find a way to make me react. Almost funny
 Waterfalls
@SlightedSoul agree. I also would add that a psychopath can be turned Narc. son of a psycho inherited traits + abuse = psychonarc
Nice thing i did for N yest. Briught him a flower from funeral mass. This is how nice i ameven if he is a nasty devil
Where luck, she lived she loved she was loved by many, she widowed 2 yrs ago and went in her sleep. dont cry".
Another sobbing session stoped by me saying form the bottom of my heart "you should be happy and honored to hv met such a lady, you guys
"you can never be happy about some1 doing good Connie" i know he wanted to say "doing bad". #lapsus #freud ;) omg
N behaved like shit yest w me (Even in mass) i didnt react. Night ended w N sobbing like a kid to call my attention.
Funneral mass yestarday. Who cried the most? N who was in his words the fsvorite of a woman that for what was said was marvelous
Finally my xh allowed kid to come live w me. N is angry bc he didnt set rules (?). So fucked up
N doesnt know how close i am of turning the love into hate.
Im so exhajusted of trying to keep this afloat that i dont care if the ship sinks tonite. I-dont-care-anymore. I tired of this anguish
Been waiting outside a church for a funeral mass. Waiting for this ashole. i dont know any1. Its not my dead.
He doesnt know how close i am into turning into a whore and hv sex 4 $ as a better option as seeing his irritated face
cannot even start to say what yerrible day im having. Absokitly no $ &amp; N angry ant me "u dont know how much u irritate me" he said
@JillStodola truly disturbed and i asume he fiund it intelligent &amp; amussing
Exhausted beyond explanation. my brain is fried &amp; i still hv to write tons of stuff.
"Im tired" (night) &amp; "i didnt sleep well"( morning) as the daily excuses N uses to withdraw &amp; detach. i use them now too
@JoannaMoore99 @Light_Life_Love @smiley959375 it also helps when they are at yoir neck on something. I say look a dog! Doing! Distracted
N said he was going to see a lawyer to sue his exw. Also suing 2 "friends" with whom bussiness was going to be geat &amp; owe us 25,000 usd
Well as an excuse for his nasty early behavoir. And things nice &amp; normal again.
He woke yelling and angry as always. I just told him to leave me alone. Fell back to sleep woke again in great mood &amp; saying i didnt sleep
"@IntrovertLiving:Introvert Hell
The devil: Welcome! Feel free to mingle and introduce yourself to everyone you don't know... for eternity."
@IntrovertLiving yikes.
Cant sleep bc of worries. we hv no $. It will start coming in late this month and next. But until then im worried sick. Literally
Either N is hving a rough time too or is trying to torture me by going to sleep very early &amp; turning bk on me. Torture not working thou
@cosmiqparadox its play dumb or die. If id really confront N it would get dangerous. It has been
exhasuted between working like a dog, running thru town, financial stress and the usual edginess of being with an N. I wanna cry. teeth hurt
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox i know. The addiction. The million racing thoughts all day long
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep im really scared of missing him like crazy when i leave. Try to remember bad times instead of good ones
@Guyincogn saddest time when loved one is nice and one only can think of it being danger sign :( how r u doing?
@JillStodola @MyPurplePrint worked hard on being nice &amp; loving. Then turned into doormatt
Too nice to be true. Now im worried.
@JillStodola @MyPurplePrint my family always said i was strong, independent &amp; even rejectful (now i know i am really an introvert) so i
How it can be that i can see im doing most of the job &amp; still @ the same time feel that if i leave i'll be the 1 struggling to get a job?
N is acting nice. i even felt him caress me while i was asleep... didnt try to wake me, i didnt react. Wtf?
I will not use "my N" anymore. Will drop "my" as an excercise to talk about N more for afar. Mind tricks. He is not mine. He is for himself
@JoannaMoore99 they get angry at everything. Ive started telling if he is not tired of being angry. This in a very calm -i dont care- voice.
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep im angry all the time too. At everything, at every1. fear &amp; sadness make bad companions
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox @savebunny i know. i dont even mean being happy. Just not feeling like this... always.
@savebunny has to, right? I see ppl that seem to be doing ok. Why cant i?
Him being nice or nit mean makes it hard to remember what a wacko he is... even if i know this calm will not last.
@fxckedupblades kudos!
"@TAH80771151: So fed up with struggling - waiting for things to improve trying so hard"
is there ever a way ...
@Tmarieand3 i no longer believe we can be happy. N cannot be happy. So i hv to keep eyes open to desguised storm
@Tmarieand3 hasnt complained ONCE.
@Tmarieand3 he is being nice, is in good humor... knowing he is an N cant help wonder what is really going on. Too good a day u know?
"@SteveBenson1: Be careful not to credit someone with taking your breath away if in reality they are simply suffocating you."
N is behaving super nice since thursday. Why?
1st period in months im not acissed of being hormonal. Yet.
@Tmarieand3 dont know If calm bf storm or everything else is so screwed up lets keep wifey "happy"
@Tmarieand3 he fakes love for anymals. Still his reaction today of not getting mad was weird.
Same will be when im gone. He will wake up and find another divertment in his life. Hopefuly forgetting to love or hate me.
She gave N the excuse not to see his kids. She brained washed them and N doesnt even care to fake he misses them anymore.
I always though that if she wanted to "secure" $ for her kids best way was making kids &amp; N close. Before I knew N is an N. She did opposite
Not that N deserves better but his exw has gone thru all the tactics #PAS abusers use. Is so confussing for me. Are they both Psychopaths?
We are tired &amp; worried and it seems that he needs me to me ok. Has he finally understood that by not torturing me he has a better time?
I slept most of day yesterday. N didnt complain. I think he slept a lot too. We both need the rest. Fiancial stress is killing us both
Im tired of working sundays and never having $. at least many yrs ago i worked as a pig but i had $ to buy stuff.
I think that he knows that if i leave now his life would get v complicated. This + europe trip might improve my month a bit.
Dog had huge accident in living room. Oddly N didnt go ballistic on the dog &amp; on life. Wtf is going on? Hv weekend truces come this far?
2:50 am N wakes up to go to restroom full lighted bedroom &amp; tv blasting
@Snowflake_Fox baby steps :) how are things @ home w crazy only child sibling?
@mujer_cita_MIA yes but it gets confussing. I felt guilty for yrs.
"@Jenny_Trout: I always find it shocking the way women can victim blame other women, when most of us have stories of sexual assault."
@mujer_cita_MIA yeah. Not much to hang around to
@mujer_cita_MIA malignant narcisistic husband with whom i live
@mujer_cita_MIA "rollin..." (adele), somebody i used to know, madness...
@mujer_cita_MIA i hv this list in spotify called "mindfucks" has a few songs of that type. To remind me everytime i walk his dogs ;)
@mujer_cita_MIA my N introduced me to them. We sang along to them on our  xmas road trip. Creepy dude.
@JoannaMoore99 mine checked mine for years i think. Nothing interesting there, ever. The only way ive cheated him is with this acct
@JoannaMoore99 it helps me calm down. Bc i do get confussed in fights but as soon as i detect projection i disengage
@JoannaMoore99 i recall one time it struck me clearly 4his weird feeling of "he is no talking to me or even about me" very confussing now
"Mientes" y "alejate de mi" by mexican groups camila. Listen to what they say. For me depicts narcissim. Heard them @mujer_cita_MIA?
I hate that we are going to the best city in the world wo a penny to spend. All payed expenses but not fun $. je makes it on purpuse.
Hv ever things been so bad you rather sleep all day so you dont think and get anxious? Me today. Of coutse N will complain latter.
@Snowflake_Fox how was 1st week? :)
there has to be a better way ti live. To feel than this.
"@iGreenMonk: I guess when you said "forever" you meant until you found someone better."
Saturday 6 am. We are up. Why? Bc he us a narc
I think N has been behaving bc me leaving now would definetly bring absolute chaos to his life. Anxietoy on both running high
@cosmiqparadox same here :(
@cosmiqparadox here N has achieved the same here.Just told me exw might sue bc late alimony &amp; can mean jail. He says he feels alIne vs world
@Light_Life_Love no much that comes a time that nothing surprises as all has been already been read here
I loved having plant at my house. How many i hv now? 2 that are almost dead. N loves plants but we dont hv any. Im the one who loves them
Ns ex wife is trying to get my asistants good favor (doesnt know she is my asistant) by talking nice to her after abusing her on the phone
Everytime i pass the place where N mask my stomach falls...
"@MyPurplePrint: The Narcissist, the significant other, and resentment: 
from absolute elation to utmost desolation, 
striving to maintain a path
somewhere i…
was that supposed to be cute? Loving? Nice?  Sexy? It was creepy and another reminder of how his sick head works
In the sweetest tone ever "I will tell u a secret Connie, u r what i want u to be, c u r mine &amp; i love u r mine" yest. Cuddling before sleep
When its for me its the bank trying to get me to pay. So i can gp withpit phone forever
Calls home assuming is the office and asks address. Hasnt caught that office is same as home. Now if phone rings im surely not gonna pick up
Crazy ex w is called the beast or devil by our office staff. I never outtered my opinion on her. Seems interesting.
Best city in the world best month. Best month to visit and N will be aplauded. He will remember my city as one leaning for him
Im happy im going to my fave city in the world. Saldy is w N i had managed to keep him out of there. My city polkuted by him
I tihnk M knew that if he didnt take me to the europeam city where dad was born in his conference trip i would hv been wae
Its almost 100% accurate if i hv to wake up early N sleeps &amp; i tip toe around. If i dont hv to wake up early he wakes me up at 5
"What an evil and mean dude im turning out to be" N said yest bc knew what evil character in movie was gonna do. He sounded proud
@mujer_cita_MIA and at the same time they know deep in side they are shit. they know they are fake.
And now he calls to say he loves me. Yes my calmess &amp; non reactive attitude sometimes helps. At least he chose to leave me feeling good
30min ago he was saying things like "and dont you fisnisf the .... because its difficult to buy" (me said "ive never done that, you know it"
N just called, to say with his sweetest &amp; must loving voice "i love you Connie, im not mad at you... i´ll be home soon, i love yuo babe"
@mujer_cita_MIA i dont get how they can abuse &amp; then think that waht happens changes us. He cheated &amp; beat me how can i be same?
Left for gym and obviously texted me that he loves me. Will not answer.
it is limited and i cannnot di everything". I am so calm when i talk to him. I told him see how you are the irritated one... me? im calm
i just turn and said "thanks for dismissing everything i do, that by the way you ask me too, i know my time is not as precious as yours, but
desperate (which is true) just to see how he reacts. Not that i expect a thing.  He told me toda y i never do what he asks...
Just showed N how EVERY morning he get mad at me about something. The 1st thing in the day is in a bad mood &amp; the last to. Told him im
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox yep it hapoens to me often too. Work best therapy. Even in my case if im focused i do forget about N :)
"The stages of healing and recovery after dating a sociopath - 
@Light_Life_Love this can actually get funny and very dangerous at rhe same time. Going from rage to tears to nothing happened... by himself
@pace_et_mente do all ppl get there?
@FateHatesLori @CookieKL @stopcoreyray she wi have ir worse. They get nastier w age
@smiley959375 the things he says are so horrid that they are actually helping me. Ja
@smiley959375 all this comes from me finding out yest my dad has epilepsy &amp; protate cancer
@smiley959375 i didnt tell him expecting confort for him. It was like telling your boss, cortesy bc i will be affected at times.
@smiley959375 took spotlight away from hus mourning of the mother of a friend. Had to "swallow" his sadness to hear me tell about my dad
@smiley959375 i didnt react. But not faking not reaction. I didnt really react. I knew he was going to say it sooner or later. Plus the news
@smiley959375 i know. I was expecting it, it didt hurt. I just told him it is horrble for to say something like that to some1 u love ;)
@mujer_cita_MIA yrs ago i had a client who employed ppl from all over latam. We decided english 4 work as we didnt understand each other!
@InsurgentPrieta @mujer_cita_MIA i use bicho as bug but as i hv many argentinan friends am cateful with concha or cajeta phrasing XD
@SlightedSoul i prayed for her soul and rejoiced for her as i know she had a fullfiling life and death took her by surprise
I think my user name should be @connieblue instead of open eyes. was so ujwell when i opened acct that i shouldve done it better
"mientes" &amp; "alejate de mi" from camila. Check lyrics and tell mewhat u think (spanish)... for me its eerie, thoughts ? @mujer_cita_MIA
Me is that he is always angry at me which je denies as expected. Then tells me hell be bck soon and i tell him i wont be here. Starts raging
So decides to apologize about dad dying comment. I tell him its ok (the tone really says u are a fuck up) &amp; then till whats really worring
Arrived home found N in elevator. He missed his cue to leave early. Should hv seen his dismay face as he would hv to do /say something
@Snowflake_Fox good!!! That makes you one too!! Better to be an only child that have a nasty sister ;) ignore her. She doesnt exist
@Snowflake_Fox how did it go yesterday? :)
@throwupthehornz thanks :)
@miramovingon you made me smile in a difficult week. Kudos!!! How long has it taken to feel like this?
Called me 5 times hahjaa
 By the 3rs i already knew what was going on
Surprise is when he comes back and im not home. monday went bananas infront of as i was out (if he had checked agenda there it was)
It has come to a point where i stall coming bk home after leaving kid at school &amp; N leaves early as not to meet.
Having son angry bc all supplies werent buugh makes me angry &amp; guilty. Angry as efforts are not appreciated and guilty for not hvong all $
Of being tortured. Discovered that i dont need to be happy, by now feeling anxious &amp; tortured day in &amp; day out it would be enuff
I just told him im tired of him bring angry at me always. And that is true. What he doesnt know is what it really means. I means im tired
So in the middle of todays 6am fight about nothing N tells me hope my dad dies soon so i wont hv 2 care for him.Really? So low it didnt hurt
Im in a kind of depressed, angry, sad, alone mood that only gets me in trouble :(
Not that i could talk wo crying
I though my best friend was N. I dont hv friends to go out, to reach out. Just one guy that sometimes listens.
Its happening: remembering stuff from happy times &amp; getting angry or ashamed. the physical feeling is weird, revoltive (?)
Just hv to think what i will tell N when im crying. Cannot tell truth as it will be used against me. Gotta hv a backup plan
@CookieKL im a while its gonna be hard not to
It teally dtives me wild when im doing e erything i can to give him evetything he needs and is always angry at me
Son is always angry. Today bc we didnt buy him all thet supplys he needed for school (lost his) - i didnt hv enuff $
Today im gonna cry. I know it. Been holding it in since morning. im going crazy in desperation and lostness
@Snowflake_Fox so are you my friend.
Going to hospital. My dad in bad condition. Hard bc is my dad &amp; ive never been close to him.
Are this ppl really happy or at least not tormented? thats a new way of approaching hope: not happiness but not tormented
Part of my problem is that im exhusted. N wakes me between 3 &amp; 5am daily and as reality slpas my face i cannot go bk to sleep. Going crazy
And bc i couldnt go with him.
N is so affected by this womans death(not) that decided not to go to creamtion as would arrive 30 min late (never arrives on time anywhere)
And suddlenly i hv this inmense urge to cry :(
@SlightedSoul N just found and excuse to mop, sulk &amp; retreat into mourning (does that everytime). Problem is that im starting to feel
@SlightedSoul oh i wont. She had a great life, husband that adored her died 2 urs ago. Today she w heart attack. Sweet death for hrr
@SlightedSoul dont worry. Make thanx. You are so helpful
@Snowflake_Fox yeah she broke (breaks mine) you  are right. im sorry snowy hving hard days
@SlightedSoul in $ things i dont know how to do it. i cant steal i cant lie.
Mom of 1 of Ns friends died. Has been crying since 3 am. Well cried woke me, cried woke me. Wish i could believe him
Lets be compassionate
@Snowflake_Fox yep exactly how Ow speak of me. I wanted him bk i deserve the hell he gives me.
@Snowflake_Fox you dont know rhe hell she lives in. Believe me this is not her fault. Being a mouse is result of abuse.
1 have one friend. One guy that knows everything.
My feeling for N are different now. Its really difficult to try to make something work when knowing it wont. How long will this take?
"@Sassafrantz: Women who bad-mouth other women and then are nice to their face is the reason why guys don't trust us."
After inisisting im acting weird, takes me for lunch 2 nice restairant "Happy anniversary, didnt want it to go unnoticed" (it was yesterday)
@sadPASdad @destroyeddad the only thing i am proud of never have givem into advice to pressure exh for $ w kid as barbaning chip.
Abuse &amp; silent treatment r so hard to understand that makes one feel ashamed &amp; guilty. No way 1 can talk. Not when 13 yo :( remembering now
Being happy? I cant recall a peruod in my lkfe when i wasnt really anxious. Remembering some bullying issues in highschool never told any1
@mujer_cita_MIA @denzelwynter im from a latam country. Had never heard the term.
@sadPASdad @destroyeddad luckily in not in this sit.But my Narc husband claimed #pas until i started reading you guys. My heart goes 2 u all
@destroyeddad @sadPASdad cant that be taken to a judge?
Complains on me not paying atention to his illness.
So i wont comment on yesterdays nonexistent celebration N claims to hv not slept (not true) &amp; feeling ill (as most weekends) &amp; of course
@JillStodola it was 1997 i dont recall. I just recall feeling that wasnt right. I decided no never talk to him again. Didnt.
@JillStodola i did manage to dictch him. Never have seen him again :) hope it works as good with this one :S
@selenanel sad thing is that now he arises v few good feeling in me. This is not going to last.
@Snowflake_Fox my 1st psychopath. It works. Once you are apart they turn revolting. Give yourself a chance
@Snowflake_Fox i fully understand that fear. As is you dont know how to live wo them. I know. But i know it disaoears too. This is not my
That could save me. Weird is that i didnt suffer at all
 Once i made the desition it was over for me. I wish for this time to b like this
Me. Apeared in my home once at night while i was out. Let himself in. Waited for me. i did no contact wo knowing that it was the only thing
1997 i had been dating what i know now is a psychopath. one day after much emotional abuse i told him it was over. He left, didnt believe
As good as job he did dupping me to fall for him. Now is making it so when i leave i wont want to look back
@selenanel much. Even when knowing what he is, doesnt cese to amaze me how he cannot feel this morning that as a husband he fails everytime
@selenanel its not that i wanted to celebrate as i dont hv anything to celebrate but seeing him go thru the fake motions of caring was too
@selenanel i was expecting nothing. Then we made plan to go out to dinner, then to order in... then he ate a bowl of cereal
@Snowflake_Fox oh i wasnt talking about them. Just in general ppl give opinions wo really understanding depth of trouble
Dont get me wromg i love dogsm nut i knew this would be a mess
Im tired of cleaning pee and poo from the not trained puppy. Remember how freaked out i was when dogs arrived? I dont want more work!
My Exh never celebrated anniversary, N does like he does but doesnt. Ive been married a lot of yrs and never celebrated.
@LePepe04 i end up either soundind like a narc or crazy
Not being able to express myself and getting mussunderstood all the time
"@ColinBevis1: She took all his pain
Evicted his demons
Once more at last
He is free to love again....."
"@myon1ysunshine: my biggest mistake wasn't falling for you 
it was thinking you had fallen for me too"
"@ibleedDOyou: She was the war in her heart, she fought for what she loved and was left with the bloodshed."
Im gping crazy. This is too confussing &amp; stressful. Jaw hurts from being tight
@savebunny i dont know why i wasnt following. Sometimes followers are infollowed is a glitch
Date night out? Ended on cereal with milk dinner watching whiplash...
We are borh wasting time. Me t do something , N to dupe some1 new
Not expecting anything for anniversary has proven to be the right strategy. If i can foresee it it hurts much less &amp; this i foresaw :(
Going thru the social motions of an anniversary celebration: kid w exMIL &amp; we are planning how to celebrate. N acting needy
Anniversary roses "so i cant complain of not being a well kept wife". Than you i love you too
Living in a world where nothing and no1 can be trusted. Not even oneself as mind is taken
I started hating weekends when i found N cheating, bf that i loved just being w him, now its opportunity for weekend kong silent treatment.
Spotlight out of my N. Nope
 We both are in deep shit. no income, depressed.
I wyish my mom would believe me when i sau her husband is a N. I can give her examples that r textbook still she thinks is to take the
Thing &amp; hv to sit quietly by N watching tv day in &amp; day out
Ive discovered a very hurtful pattern on saturdays. I go bk on things i shoukd hv let go now. Its the free time in which i cant really do a
Im just scared. N is getting into more trouble &amp; all the work i do to keep the boat afloat serves for nothing.
OMG something is going on no wonder ive been edgy. N is sulking badly. I felt the tension... wasnt all aware :S
Can we hv 1 or 2 problem at a time? Debt /clients not paying /angryex wife/ devaluating / ow?
"@MyPurplePrint: #narcissists will never co-parent. They counter parent. 
Im just to angry ant myself for everything. Nothing makes sense, all i knew and though is built upon lies... and evil plans
@TAH80771151 hv a good nite :)
@TAH80771151 get involved, i just ask about the kids..
@TAH80771151 i know he must hv Given her a hard time... im just tired of all inne esary drama they both bring. In real life i dont even
@TAH80771151 i know i cannot change anything
 But with legal battle starting again im anxious. I knkw nothung N does is for a good cause
@TAH80771151 will solve things. I wish for her to calm down, love her kids. Sorry im rambling about this i dont even go on this normally as
@TAH80771151 and he claims parental allienation making drama grow. She really thinks that by dening kid contact &amp; angrily calling my home
@TAH80771151 gping into legal battle just to spite one &amp; another. Both have said it. Meanwhile she still tries to use kids to get $
@TAH80771151 oh no. Not defending. He is evil, will hurt any1. Is just that exw did things with kids that empowered N &amp; now they are again
@TAH80771151 i know most of what he said about her is not true.
@TAH80771151 hv a rough future. And she has to keep contact w him. Someday i will be free, she wont
@TAH80771151 rich latam wife &amp; ex wife tactics and failed miserably. I pity her as she is bringing up 2 kids by herself, that i predict will
@TAH80771151 she is more like N than any otjer womam he had been with. She knows about her brother &amp; dad being N. She used the tipical
@TAH80771151 he has told me, she is really agresive, abusive. Ns sister who supports me, and if she could shed take me in, saus also that
@TAH80771151 both. I know this guy who i fully trust. He knows N, knows her, knows about N being an N, hasnt ever told any1 what ive said
@TAH80771151 send him to jail on false premises. She doesnt know how she lost making him seem the victim.
@TAH80771151 shes made some tricky legal things like ssying she wasnt receiving $ when she was (i personally made deposits) &amp; trying to
@TAH80771151 that doesnt allow contact (which is true, but he doesnt want contact). She doesnt know how much shes contributed to drama bc
@TAH80771151 exw tried to use kids as barganing chips for allimony, took it so far that i ended on him being able to tell every1 that is she
Not wanting to make friends bc i know i will not tell her the truth about my life. Not that i can leave house easy to meet some1 either.
@TAH80771151 how did you manage to get oit and live? Is your daughter doing ok? do u hv friends or family?
@TAH80771151 claims parental allienation. Evil as they come.
@TAH80771151 to make sense. Its taken me a yrs no start claming myself &amp; accepting reality. Has kids from previous marriage abandoned but
@TAH80771151 me back. I was v confused as i was getting what i wanted (him back) yet felt something was off. 1 yr ago everything started
@TAH80771151 dump me quicly &amp; cruel. Happened in 2012. But when he understood i was really going to end everything w him forever the lured
@TAH80771151 i dont think mine will really plan leaving me, wi just discard me when falls in love w some1 (already happemed once) will
@TAH80771151 i cant take self defende clases for example bc if he hits me &amp; im in a contact sport bruises dont count as evidence
@TAH80771151 latam court system is corrupt. money wins. Even when there are laws protecting from #dv reallity is different
She is a good woman, makes me wonder if ex father in law was even worse than i imagined (probably so as he was nasty in public)
Youd never seen a happier widow than her. (Widowed 5 mo ago). Told me "every woman dezerves 10 yrs of widowship" hahaha
Im lucky i hv a great ex mother in law. Im a very desperate situation she would try to help, but she is 73, she helps many too.
In that situation i probably wouldnt be able to contain myself from telling him some stuff.
N has always said he is going to die before me &amp; that my face is the last thing he wanrs to see. Lets hope his wish doesnt come true bc
@LearntheSigns i will not be asking around. When i leave i wont look back even to see disaster
@TAH80771151 and this is not my 1st one, dated one during college now i realise :S im in a latam country
@TAH80771151 everything, paying bills, etC. I earned 5000 usd. Now i debt. Exh or fam no $ either. kids dad was a bit abusive but not Narc
@TAH80771151 43. i was separated from 1st h when reunited with N almost 8 yrs ago. I hd a job, reason for 1st divorce was me tired of doing
@MamaBearsVoice i love them way more than i love ppl (i love my son, my cats, my pets and then every1 else... in that order
@MamaBearsVoice yeah. Saldy i hv alredy decided which kitties i will claim as mine &amp; take when leaving. 2 cats &amp; 2 dogs will stay :(
A horrible ending to this. Him? Will be left alone, broken &amp; w no $ as has lost many opprtunities in last months. Told him he is depressed
A guy who works w us has a girlfriend in a divorce against a psycho. He is so into her he is leavung jis life aside. Worried sick i see
@TAH80771151 im just buying time really.
@TAH80771151 oh i know he wi do that. but i will make it public if it helps me
@TAH80771151 my stepdad &amp; mom are either narcs or other evil shit. My granda was wicked to my mom too so that explains all i guess
@TAH80771151 but still $ 4 food, 50% of my kid stuff will be needed :(
@TAH80771151 takes it all). ill ssve &amp; leave but if he discards me 1st i wont fight it and will leave. I hv safe house to crash 4 a while
@TAH80771151 i hv nothing but debt. He will get everything i know. I'll just try to save a bit on the side when money comes (before he
@TAH80771151 im smart pretty nice to ppl, great w clients.. trophy, ppl hv impression of perfect couple
@TAH80771151 i was sure i was too. since highschol everybody "knew" i was the love of his life. Dupped all friends me...
@TAH80771151 no1 can understand what it is to live w one N. The love given the pain the confussion.. and fear. Fear of everything
. @cosmiqparadox i fully dont trust some1 who speaking out of love can judge some1 living something they hvnt even read about
@TAH80771151 i do most stuff and he sells. Im trying to figure out how to ssve some to leave or to use one of his discarding scenes as cue
@TAH80771151 of $ i say make and not hv bc he spends like stupid &amp; we hv no $ 4 bills. Im a mix of trophy wife thats his businness partner
@TAH80771151 im so sorry i understand u perfeclty. I only didt work 3 yrs and i felt lost. The way they makes up doubt. We also make lots
@TAH80771151 how are you doing now? Are you in contact w him. I hv 1 kid, not his, i know it will be hard  when leaving or discarded
@Snowflake_Fox how old are you snowy? I think u are perfect for some digital marketing jobs. Look for that
. @cosmiqparadox yup, same ones telling me that $ is an excuse &amp; that im here bc i like it. Pure god, love, light &amp; compassion ;)
@TAH80771151 me all im doing is taking the company down. Sometimes i dont care... sometimes i get angry or sad
@TAH80771151 mine can say the most nice things of or to me and still make me feel like crap. He praises me in public 5 min after telling
@Snowflake_Fox look for things related to content you can resear &amp; write to serve brands 4 example
@Snowflake_Fox more to my point. Content marketing is the biiig thing right now &amp; most ppl cant write ;)
@MamaBearsVoice :) 7 cats 2 dogs. 1 cat &amp; 1 dog bought (by N). i love my kitties sooo much
Saturday up at 5. Bc he trains early today. Whats really getting me in a bad mood is him not letting me sleep. I want him to stop
@TAH80771151 made me laugh. Also main paet of my perception of myself come from our relarionship bk then 1988-1994 :(
@TAH80771151 its been a yr now that i know. im still w him. No $ to leave I miss the guy i loved so much, my friend, the guy that had always
@Th80771151 the realisation moment came from a @PsychopathFree &amp; started understanding how fairly tale ended in afairs beating &amp; me crazy
@TAH80771151 @PsychopathFree mine is also malignant. Dated 8 yrs in highschool and then 14 yrs later reunited... 7.5 going on now.
@Snowflake_Fox are you excited about your new job? What will you be doing? You should try to write for blogs 4 extra $ (from home, @ night)
@Snowflake_Fox occupied &amp; lets try to focus on how to keep you sane living w mom &amp; sister. Lets get u strong there... try not to contact n
@Snowflake_Fox u dont feel it. Its not time to do it. Pls stay focused on work, saving, excercise, maybe friends. Try to keep urself
@Snowflake_Fox how can i help you? Im here, watching a young girl waste life. I do believe NC can work, but one has too give it chance... if
@Snowflake_Fox @RileyPep im sorry. Thats weird.
He is brilliant but lazy. Its a great sales man, amazing to convince ppl... doesnt deliver. And there is when trouble w clients come.
Needed to be w me. Quit the coolest company you could think &amp; took a job that lasted 6 months form there were 5 jobs more &amp; now pur company
I wonder what happened to N from 94 to 2007 he worked as needed it seems, he held v high C position jobs. As soon as i moved in decided
I could see the designer seeing the life was describing. Mmm it aint happening. That needs to much work &amp; N wont do it.
Yest to designer "in 2 yrs company operation will me ready to move to the US". hahaha. Let me hv $ to pay  their salaries &amp; then we move
@LearntheSigns @Light_Life_Love @TAH80771151 i pray karma gets him bad &amp; for me to be faraway when that happens
"@LearntheSigns: always remember that sociopaths are not happy. Karma always catches up to them. If you're lucky you'll get to watch :)"
Thus acct i will read when nc &amp; start missing N. Remiders of hell house
I hv this girl in my FB thats medium known pr girl. I think she is too showy, pushy. Shes just found put shes pg. We already saw 3 videos
@VickiHayes8 @JillStodola @Light_Life_Love i understand you perfectly. im numb to. Detached. Sad. Hang on... something willl happen
"@AFruitFli: No Contact @PsychopathFree @Light_Life_Love #psychopathfree 
Im getting more aware of the support i Give every1
N today said he is v proud of me bc im growing professionally. I know i did a good job, saved an important meeting. But why tell me?
I hate weekends.I feel so bad hating what every1 loves. But what is weekend for? Free time to be abused?
@MyXNarcBF thnx for conversation on abstinence. Somehow no1 mentions it on my feed
@MyXNarcBF :) ill cheer 4 you from now on
"@pace_et_mente: u're going to have those days.
u're going 2 have those thoughts.
u're going 2 be brought back 2 the pain
But u will ascend"
@HealingCPTSD i hv all of them but survivors guilt. As im not survivor of anything.
"@HealingCPTSD: Some of the #PTSD symptoms
@HealingCPTSD 
#mentalhealth #abuse #trauma 
What does he gain having a wife &amp; ows? We isnt happy here... why stay?
@Light_Life_Love @zoomama112 making him feel he was the dupped one.
@Light_Life_Love @zoomama112 cancer runs in Ns family, so maybe i'lll be able 2 send him off telling him i knew all along, that i didnt care
@Light_Life_Love @zoomama112 i pray for that day 2 come &amp; to find my far away. I would like to know, tho ... or participate
@Snowflake_Fox where is ur therapist? What did she hv to say about NC?
@Snowflake_Fox pls try it. No contact of any kind? Work. gym.. not for him, or for them. For you. 4 months. No stalking no mail no nothing
"@myon1ysunshine: I know I mean nothing to you"
@MyXNarcBF i keep reading &amp; come here daily. Its the only way to survive for now
No pay day at our company. A client who is always asking favor didnt pay. Did N rage against him? no.. im overreacting by being angry
@MyXNarcBF he has kept all romances very kept.
@MyXNarcBF good insight. Missign another person :( absolutly right
@Snowflake_Fox Who "them". its not for them to notice, but for you to let yourselfbe outside of Ns radar
@MyXNarcBF yep i know what i mean, mine is hot too, I know will not be able to be close to him when i leave. Too much attraction since teens
@Snowflake_Fox a job, ur mind a little bit occupied and earning money.
@Snowflake_Fox i dont care if it does anything to him. I want you to try an experiment what they say happens w NC plus the help of having
"@DavidKThomas: N abuse by insults, mocking, shouting, implied threats, controlling, judging, being overprotective, sarcasm, and so on!"
@MyXNarcBF abstinency. Thats what i was thinking the other day as i dont think i will be brave enuff to get closer to any1
@Snowflake_Fox you do this experient. Not him
@smiley959375 be thankful u didnt hv a kid. I know it sounds hard. Parenthood is difficilt under normal sit w a N is devastating. We r lucky
@RileyPep @smiley959375 pitty her as shell always will have to have something 2 do w N I will not &amp; i bet he will try w OW as soon i leave
@RileyPep @smiley959375 N exw is terrible (many doferent ppl say it, she writes de most horrible things, is nasty to my assitant) yet i
@RileyPep @smiley959375 highschol he talked aboit hving kids. Luckily for many reasons we didnt hget to hv any. Kid=trap in his mind
@RileyPep @smiley959375 because u are not truly free as u hv to hv contact bc of kids. N wanted to jv me pregnant from day 1. Dating bk in
@cosmiqparadox thats what im doing buuut as i dont do it naturally N senses something is off. Im so tired of him whinning aboit everything
@Snowflake_Fox lets do this experiment work earn money &amp; no contact for a while ;)
@Snowflake_Fox gooooo! Youll get distracted? Youll get $. Believe me your mood will improve a little at times... and pls stay no contact..
@cosmiqparadox they might flee sometime too. No1 can stand wourking w him too long. So i got to be clever
@cosmiqparadox not so easy here. And lawyers are expensive. Im working w my team as jard as we can to bring the ship to port &amp; we will but
@cosmiqparadox he didnt say a thing. I supose he agreed. Later on day he whinned about me not loving him anymore &amp; bought me magazines
@cosmiqparadox sue &amp; it can be jail time if not attneded correctly, that he feels overworked &amp; is bored of his diet, training &amp; nkt hvng $
@cosmiqparadox this time i told him that. Told him i know he is in a lot of presure (true as weve hd no $ 4 allomony &amp; is expecting exw 2
told N i know why he reacts to me when it isnt me making it hard for him. "Bc i love u &amp; u dint dare to treat any1 like this. Buts not fair"
@MamaBearsVoice :)
Thoughts on movie Whiplash? i heard bits while napping &amp; N decided to watch it full volumen. What i heard sounded triggering? thoughts?
I hate mornings. Its when reallity hits the face.
I was trying to remember my happiest real moment and it takes me to when kid was 0 to 2 yrs old. Nothing before, nothing after.
And the responsability of hvng to raise some1 who might hv the crazy gene or a kid abandoned by dad and he other cherrished by his.
Even when i did want a kid, i can clearly see that im blessed that i didnt. As when i leave i wont have anything to tie us.
@cosmiqparadox @selenanel scary.
@MamaBearsVoice all i can do is keep eye on her feed... and be close (if let) if something happens :s
N has a way of acting nice &amp; loving in such a way thats oppressive, agressive, makes me feel bad. Its really weird.
@MamaBearsVoice i really dont know if shes in danger. but non other fb romance has set my alarms. Im so sorry 4 her &amp; daughter
What sets even more alarms is knowing that bk in hs her brother drank like crazy &amp; a rummor ran that he hit girlfriends. Abusive family?
Still there is nothing i can do: im not her friend (sister of a classmate highschool ) still will keep eyes open 4 if help is needed
Setting my alarms on. I wish with all my heart im wrong.
a girl i know got engaged &amp; my heart fell. She seems too in love, got engaged 3 months into relatioship. Has a daughter no exh. something is
@MyXNarcBF thanks. i feel really weird about missing something that wasnt real :S id give anythi g to hv him bk ...
@MyXNarcBF :) how long hv u been NC? Does it really get better? I cant even picture how to do it
5 am N wakes to go to restroom making so much noise that wakes me. Instantly realliy hits. Anxious as all morns while N falls bk 2 sleep
@RileyPep @smiley959375 it doesnt get nicer but it doesnt feels as alone, here i feel validated, loved &amp; guided. In life i feel lost
@MyXNarcBF :) you doing ok?
@MyXNarcBF and in a weird way i miss him more than ever. I need my hisband to share something. I miss my friend. Laughing &amp; im alsodetached
@MyXNarcBF something is changing in me. I feel irritated &amp; fed up. I dont worry abut him, i worry bc of damage he causes. Its weird
@Light_Life_Love thats why my plan is to wait for catching him red handed chesting or him having rage attsck hitting me or leaving.
@Snowflake_Fox pray for her &amp; kids not to jave them. What my N did to his kids (w help of exw) is cruel. bc yes N will screw her over
@smiley959375 @RileyPep hard days nothing compared to confusion bf knowing of npd. At least nkw when in doubt, scare, panic we come here :)
@smiley959375 @RileyPep keep calm... nothing makes sense. But you will get more informed &amp; stronger. Learnibg to detach. even when i do jv
@smiley959375 by the magazine time of day he was clearly in a getting better mood. At one time said "pls connie love me again".
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox the day he said i was taking advantage of him i couldnt beleive it
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox ditto. Smetimes one rather give in to whatever than end exahusted hurt and alone 3 hrs later
Now takes me 2 buy mazagines. Knows i love them, is absolutly hving affair &amp; my previous behavoir isnt adding up.. so a little love 4 wifey
I made clear upon arriving home how good a time i had all morning. now N asked me to go w him to grocerie store &amp; is happily chatting. Wacko
Ive always felt unprotected. Since my teenage yrs i fekt there is no1 to turn.
The way i enjoy "my thing"( job) makes me a little hopeful on beung able to fib job /well paid /i can enjoy @GentlemanScott
@smiley959375 we are not lying. We hvnt to them ;)
@smiley959375 i dont even need to try no to care, i dread them :(
@smiley959375 about him thats another thing. TO HIM i wouldnt ... fear is too much
@GentlemanScott yes. Its always a good day when i get to do "my thing" apart from rest of company.
It takes me forever to move... then when im doing my thing (interviewing) i hve a great time, gives me a little hope for the future
I had put things in my calendar 1 week ago but he doesnt listen so he went bananas thinking i left bc of fight (i presume) LOL
So i go on to field interviews.N calls me 5 times during interview, 30 text. Frantic.  "no1 knows where u are Connie". No1 cheched my agenda
@Snowflake_Fox exactly. I rejoice in th8nking what monster she is kuribg into her life. She will jv a harder time than me, 4 sure
@Soulburn5 im not in US. And in my country law is servant to males &amp; money. We have rhe worlds eyes on us bc of security issues
@SlightedSoul thank you. I always thiugh i need a friend like many woman i know that scams husband for $ in every little transaccion
@JaeMar68 :( im so sorry. Dont let him win.
I dont know if he wants to discard me or this is part of the aniversary celebration bonanza.
Twice thus week N has texted sort of inconxed text that forced cam make sense. Thimk he is trying to tell theres ow to make do something
@Soulburn5 by public you mean he has to know? device recording on sight o what? sorry im learning ...
@Soulburn5 i will check legislation here.
Sorry guys, im rambling hirrible in my replys to you. Im just anxious, having a hard morning.
@SlightedSoul im in those moment where everything seems not working but still have to do motions for things to work with total sabotage
@SlightedSoul Im so fed up, i have ths growing feeling of rage &amp; sadness and anxiert bc of him and $ issues. Im going so craz y im numb
@GentlemanScott Sorry, having one of those very bad morning as it stated with a fight. We hv no $ to pay employees tomorrow &amp; im panicking
@GentlemanScott i wish this to end, and i know its gonna end. And its going to be  diifcult painful, humilliating, horrible ending. Soon
@GentlemanScott end it, ill do it. But everything with a Malignant Narcisist is different. I loved him the man he said he was, i feel alone
@GentlemanScott fear of how he would rage. If i knew that by telling him i know he doesnt love me &amp; that is not a fair sit for both it would
@Soulburn5 me anymore"... i told him company would rash as no1 can keep up wirh him. Continued taping. Is it legal in US to record?Evidence?
@Soulburn5 once i told him, i dont like the way you talk to me. He denied, i told him you should listen to company tapes, "then u cant tape
@selenanel if N read this timeline? He´d kill me. We wouldnt tolerate me smearing his image. Im the crazy, needy... one, right?
@selenanel OW stalks my official acct, for sure. I know what kind of posts make her tick, too ;) i was thinking of what would happen
@selenanel creepy isnt it. We are not even from same country.
@Soulburn5 i would love to hv the gusts to tape him when i see fight growing. Im just scared that he catches the device recording... Scared
@Soulburn5 no no dont get me wrong. I applaud you tape him. ive taped a telephone conversations, hv wassap conversations in back up &amp;
@SlightedSoul one of the kids that works with us isnt one of his minions. Enough validation. Crazy is i dont even care anymore.
@Snowflake_Fox just remember that she is having a hell time too. She doesnt know what the fucl is going on.
In any  ase anniversary is sad as it reflects all that shoulda been and isnt. Wish we had to work
@SlightedSoul same-o. Crazy N acting up against me bc hi messes up. He is becoming loud towards me in pubkic which is good as gives witneses
@SlightedSoul so sorry. When would we learn? Incredible how crazy ppl are. Few ppl to trust. :(
what do u think would happen if our N read this TL's? Knowing its about them (or our perception of them as they would say)?
In middle if fight he alwaus says "yes.. im evil so" like for me to say u are not. I only say "i hv never said that to you" which is true
@Soulburn5 whoa! I tape him bc we work together &amp; no1 can keep up w his word salad in meetings but personal? Hed kill me, i wish to do it
@SlightedSoul u ok? I feel the same :(
Wedding aniv coming up &amp; N making sure there will be sour memories.  If he only new aniversary doesnt mean anything to me?
Money to cover my part of kid expenses &amp; mine i wpuld certaunly move out.
Woke up to an angry N "are u gonna be like this so i can make a desition" his position is that im being a bitch! I truly hate him if i hd
When i see Ns sulky angry defiant face i just want to send him to hell. Little good feeling he arises.
So angry at N right now. Cannot help to disentangle one fucking thing. I just hate him. I want him dead
Now i know when a fight is comming (pressure building) and if the fight was enuff to let all the "steam" out. Just like a kettle for tea.
I remember various specific situations which were so bizarre my head didnt process them clearly. Thise were huge red flags. Didnt see them
@Light_Life_Love @JaeMar68 make a drama. Example: client loves me -  our platics containers are being used for kids lunch. For real
@Light_Life_Love @JaeMar68 i hv discovered a pattern if i do something that cannot be devaluated at work N picks a stupid home issue to
Dont know how those memories form highschool came to my mind today. Just made me feel sader.
@GentlemanScott leaving the country ¿? Dads wife is a terrible person, now both separated. Those yrs maked my future, it seems
@GentlemanScott both my parents divorced to marry very abuside parners. Estep dad a Narc &amp; stepmo very close. mom still blames me for
They werent there for the pre ceremony meet &amp; greet. I really felt left out. Dont now why remember this...
Family did arrive... but i still remember the feeling of holding back the tears as i saw all my friends familyes in the school yard.
Remember arriving all by myself in a cab to my highschool graduation ceremony. Recall feeling terribly angry &amp; sad. I was the only one alone
From 1987 to 1990: mom &amp; dad divorced, mom remarried w a PsychoNac &amp; left country,new stemonster hated me, i met N.Highscool yrs
N had it wasy on the self sabotaging training for me, i already did it to myself wo his help. But when did i start?
@selenanel @savebunny u ok? im sorry. This is like danching cha cha cha.. one step foward, two back and many sideways :S i hate dancing.
@selenanel thnx. Amazing how i can help or redirect ppl but when its my situation, im blind.
Today i was thinking i was handling pain better than last yr. Until i found a weet from jan 19 saying: wanting to kill myself everyday
"Connie, ive grown many grey hairs" me "yes, we r getting old" shoulda seen his face.
N decided im not an introvert in the places i cant afford to be (w clients). Like a switch on - switch off personality trait (Like him).
6 am alarm clock. What for? For N to prep for gým. Leaves home 7:40. Tomorrow that i hv to wake up early he will decide to sleep in.
N came &amp; cuddled. I said "how nice" &amp; as if on clue he moved, started petting a dog &amp; minutes later my back :( #justnow daily reminders
@overjoyed1969 im so so sorry :(
@overjoyed1969 omg im so sorry. Losing a pet is a horrible pain xxoo do something nice 4 u today
@Snowflake_Fox Yei. will it permit for you to move out of family home soon?
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox it is so oanful as it is difficult to explain. We have all been thru the same
...the same hand that just hit you tp be the one to comfort you. That milisecond speaks about your relationship &amp; u. I stayed. I shouldnt hv
Is there a post where in a simple way it explains to a friend what narc abuse like "what happen to your friend who is /was being abused?
"@pace_et_mente: Here's an idea: if you love someone, don't be an asshole to them."
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox i absolutly understand you. I feel the same. Difference is now we are aware of why we are reacting like w do
@RileyPep @smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox see him or read about him ... makes me really sad and rises anxiety. Very confusing
@RileyPep @smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox even when angry &amp; convinced that there is no option. Knowing that once i leave i wont be able to see
@RileyPep @smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox i totally inderstand the fear of losing him. Even as i write im in the constant debate of love-hate N
N once said to me that dating me back in highschool had been as if i h written down his fanstasies, made then happen &amp; discard him. Whoa.
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox if mine leaves i will disappear. Legaly i will file divorce &amp; pray nrw supply is doing her job corrrclty
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox that will give u strengh &amp; clarity. Mine still wins over but when i say imm sorry. I know im not sorry
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox im so sorry. Try to stay calm. U can still cave in as long as u know why, what he is doing, how he doing ot
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox my N is waaay into the malignant part.
To think believed i couldnt be happy even in the best circumstances? Turned out those circumstances are called abuse. Go figure
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 thatll change the game. Just be safe
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 try it. Tell him if he cannot live like this to tell you what the plan so u can make proper arragments.
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 to be his idea to work.
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 just to panick me he will say "lets divorce" and those will be the words i will cling to. As i know  this has
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 when my N tells me "i cant live like this" i tell him "make a final desition or stop saying that" maybe 1
@Snowflake_Fox you got a job? When? Where? Yeeei!!!!
@RileyPep @CookieKL yeah a good day is one in which im not punished, yelled, ignored or devaluated.
@CookieKL @RileyPep its not for real. Keep that in mibd when encountering mr. Nice. He isnt. Dont be fooled. Devil wont change
@selenanel @miss_j_feather @cosmiqparadox @RileyPep :) one more day.... baby steps
@RileyPep @CookieKL yeah. And it makes me feel so stupid. I should hlv known. But i believed in change as i have changed myself
@selenanel its quite boring to play sleep. Its better for me as i dont hv to play anything. He is w his bk to me :)
@GentlemanScott pets? Already decided. we both know my weaknesses. But this time im much more aware.
@GentlemanScott money, stuff &amp; pets. Money i wont fight as its is hard to win, stuff? Most of my really cherished stuff is no longer home
@ChartreuseDream i try :) those desitions are made. time will tell when.
@selenanel Ns way of solving this was playing sleep (8pm) as i arrived home. For rhe LOLs he is wide awake!
Slowly but in a manner thats "undoable" im starting to loathe N.
He can sleep whenever he feels like itm god forbid i do the same.
Arrived home. N is "playing corpse" in bed. Blanket up to nose, faking being asleep. Better. Time for me.
I wont be able to feed 7 cats. One will die shortyl as she is v old.taking 3. Leaving 2. Dogs are "his" even when he hates caring &amp; walking
And ive made my mind that 2 of our cats and the 2 dogs are staying behind. cant take them all. Hd to choose :(
I know he will try to bargain w $ (as i will probably wont hv any. Not even for lawyers) and pets. Sadly ive chosen the cats that im taking
The story of the crazy ex wife that cant let go wont be told abput me. When i leave i will be as good as dead. no contact for ever.
Ok but not the same "i thought this was something original we were doing" i was told today. "Me too" was all i said. Looking as sad as i am
N had the team convinced we were doing something no1 ever had done. Until we gogoled the methodology to discover that is a trend. Which is
@GentlemanScott @selenanel yes and somehiw these days  my heart is really detaching
@selenanel yep. Ive figured if im uncomfortable he should feel some of it too
 Covert... as he does it
@UncleBob56 @dallas76266 trying everyday. Thnx
@smiley959375 day hasnt ended. Night comes &amp; there is the real drama. When we are alone &amp; see we are not what i wished we were
@smiley959375 dont think so. Today he got confused and angry at me bc of his mistake. Blew my fuse. Just today i was strong
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 so covert is very confusing. Always acts nice but nasty. Do i make sense
 Dont kbow how to explain :S
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 mine tells me he wont go or let me go. Only is rage he is openly discarding or devaluating. Other behavoir is
@selenanel he has told me twice roday im acting weird. Im just not looking or starting conversation w him. Drives him crazy
@selenanel mine told me time &amp; again. It was a sheep saying im a wolf. Didnt believe ears.
Today i told N i dont care what he does. Stood paralized as i went on w my life. He is being nice &amp; i dont even look at him
"@UncleBob56: Hey. Nobody said life was fair. Of course, nobody said that life would suck beyond all human understanding at times either."
@Snowflake_Fox at first i believed marrital abuse until he started doing to me what he said she did to him. Whoa!
@Snowflake_Fox whatever does wrong he manages to root it to childhood abuse by dad or marital abuse by ex w
@Snowflake_Fox mine has never acpeted being bad or not loving me. When cheating is either im crazy or when wet separated bc he was confussed
@GentlemanScott yeah. I think he was saying a good girl with the devil himself. I know he knows he is a psycho. He cant not know
@smiley959375 i open eyes i think: fuck it is all true. here we go again... every morning is a slap on the face. I just want to hv calmness
I should hv listened when he said to me "girls like you arent supposed to end up with guys like me"
@smiley959375 @cosmiqparadox i look back &amp; i see the exact moment in which i was handling him my boundaries, self respect...
@smiley959375 i find myself panicking about many stuff all day. Painful worring. Are there ppl that live midly in peace
@stockholmabuse try to explain this to N. Doesnt get it. Wants me to forgrt his misdoings but will recall every little mistake i make
Some1 offering to help me wo gaing nothing for himself brings tears to my eyes. No used to this. Thank you @GentlemanScott :)
@GentlemanScott thank you thank you thank you
And im not in the businesss of making N happy anymore.
I ve always said that if i didnt kill myself it was for me kid. Yesterday i realised me killing myself would give N a drama im not giving in
@GentlemanScott yes i know. But i want to give good stuff no i wont oever use your time :)
@GentlemanScott baby steps
@GentlemanScott at least now i can start thinking about a good resume Could help me. Thats a huge step for me, hadnt though of that
@GentlemanScott waking up every morning to the same "no going anywhere w this" life is like a slap in the face at 6am
I wonder how it is to live wo a major problem going on like ow or not having $ for anything. Are there ppl who are not worried contantly?
1st thing that comes to mind when i open eyes ea h morning is that N is a lie :( an thats how my day starts.
@rvabUSED when is done by N. If you make a mistakes never hear the end of it
"@CheriPhi: The issue w/the unfaithful is the insistence on lying.  If we have an arrangement, the rship would be open for both of us."
@stilllearning2b which i dont care anything about
 N must need the info to scam a movie buff
@stilllearning2b this yr for 1st ever we r watching oscars
@JaeMar68 yes. vicioisly attack
Im getting tired &amp; angry of always beimg in the middle of an anxiety attack bc i dont know where the hell everything is going.
N ate burgér last nite, today pizza, lets see how long till critizeses ppl binging on strict training cycles :P i undersnd Ns human, will N
Picked (even when it was mainly junk food) . Im changing
Pouts literally pouts &amp; grocery store cashier bc his stuff is the most expensive on cart. Im not impressed nor i feel guilty for what i
Watching N get frustrated (not happy or proud) bc everything he asked was already done and couldnt critozese #justnow
Things N said that made me feel stupid ( &amp; i showed it) now make me angry (but i dont show). Plot twist.
Did he just made a joke about ppl losing their drivers licence?  i had no doubt on where mine (las 3 in less 1 yr) had gone. #justnow
We had so much in comun: i loved him &amp; he loved himself... 
Barely says hello to me.Spends hrs being licked by the dogs and kissing back. If i didnt know better this would hurt. Now its just an event
@davy2403 :)
@cosmiqparadox widow... that more like it
@cosmiqparadox i dont even like survivor (maybe because im not).
Things that can not be deleted from my mind. So i know he is scum. Thats enuff for me to try &amp; get away soon.
Twice ive checked his phone (so ashamed to hv done it). Twice found more that i wanted. Enuff no need to see more &amp; to hurt myself more w
For yrs i left my phone &amp; computer open &amp; unatended. Wonder how frustrated N got looking for proof im "whatever" &amp; not funding anything
#dv sounds so far away and then i remember im a "victim" (hate the word) and i get this out of body feeling. How did i get here?
At leadt im starting to see them.
There a bunch of physical manifestations &amp; feelings of emotional abuse. When i feel some..
 I know somethings off. Soon i wont allow more
@davy2403 is it working? Things better @ home?
Im tired. all i want is to sleep. Cant be that going to a late lunch (3 hrs long) can make me so exhaustedm i wanna cry. Not letying it show
@cosmiqparadox he tought i was going to make a drama. Im waaaay smarter than him &amp; his monions. We are going down together
@davy2403 marriage seminar, what for? Work is always good :)
@RileyPep oh no... as i know he will make a smear campaign im beating him to it ;)
@davy2403 tought saturday. Its over thou
@selenanel yeah. Went better than expected. No1 that meets me can say ugly, not funny, bitchy girl ;)
@cosmiqparadox weird sit. Still ow friends are "so little" it was actually funny. Poor ppl
Exhausted by the being the super nice wife bc im being watched by OW friends. Btw i aced it. But im angry as hell w life
@GentlemanScott yep! That tweet was inspired by you actually :)
@katiaferro123 a very nice decline of their lifes. they are both 45. Me 44. Theyll hv fun for sure.
@katiaferro123 i trust her. She is sweet, broken bc of abuse but on my side. If she could shd get me out of here. So that both are in for
@katiaferro123 N sister knows her, similar circles &amp; went to same school. Says she is crazy. She knows about her brother &amp; father narcisism
I will start working on a good resume soon, posting in on LI and preparing things for when i leave. Hope of anything good here is lost
@selenanel i already hv my stomach tied in a knot &amp; feel presure in my chest. Not letting N know thou. Not giving him pleasure.
One day i will publicly thnk my fb friends who r posting against #dv, once im safe i'll pray tribute to those few men speaking out #future
Going to a party were friends on OW will be. So i hv to act happily in love &amp; secure of my self while contolling a panick attack. #justnow
@Snowflake_Fox yeah. I'll do something. Im bored too u know he is in a diet so we dont go out &amp; we hv no $.
@katiaferro123 yeah. Exaclty what i think, plus she is getting  much older, w less $ &amp; less luck in business than i did. good lick w that 1
@Snowflake_Fox doesnt recognize how unwell dad is &amp; that he is a carbon copy of him. both hansome brilliant abusive lying cheating men
@Snowflake_Fox doesnt recognize how unwell dad is and how he is a carbon copy of him. Dad beat the hrck out of him as kid &amp; is a brilliant
@Snowflake_Fox yep. Decided to not start conversations today. Stay out of him way and "act nice" . Im bored too
@cosmiqparadox *psychologist. hv always worked in marketing, consumer insights, behavoir analisg. Feel so stupid!!
@cosmiqparadox i certainly will try to help once i save myself.
@cosmiqparadox im a psycholist. Mind the joke :(
@Snowflake_Fox maybe dad is a psychonarc too. N dad is. N calls him extremly neurotic alcoholic furious spaniard. I call them both Narcs.
Csi : cyber crime new series or how to give more ideas to my already disturbed husband
@Snowflake_Fox maybe dad is a wacko too. Or Maybe thats too a lie to make u feel inferior as he himself has no $. Anything could be
@Snowflake_Fox maybe dad is a wacko too or maybe thats a lie to. Made to make you feel inferior. Bc he doesnt hv $ himself ;)
@katiaferro123 im sorry. I know its not right attitude. But she has been discarded by him, she knows he is w me. She still beleives him? Ok
N is bored. Bored of working, of not having money, training, being on a diet. Bored and rhat only means trouble :(
@Snowflake_Fox he is an asshole just like mine. Stay away. Nothing will make him change
 If i had $ tu survive id leave
@Snowflake_Fox buys things all time. And hides them. Stupid life he has. I hv mothung to hide
"@MadamBetteNoire: Stop making everyone else suffer. Medicate that shit, for fuck's sake."
@Snowflake_Fox and mine makes bunch of $. Great salesman &amp; coach. He is just plain stupid
@cosmiqparadox not even money. I want to achieve independeNce by paying me debt &amp; leaejing enuff to find great job
@cosmiqparadox you know? I will be happy if when i leave i hv my 4000 usd credit caed debt and a 2000 usd job. I want nothing from him
"@astutenewf: Believe me sweetie, nothing lights up a room like your absence." Hahahaha!
@cosmiqparadox and he lives with whom je publiclty saus is "the love of his life" and complain he works a lot!!! Im so sad
@cosmiqparadox expected bussiness for this yr (in a very complicated economy w strong social pressure &amp; being a premuim service) 400kusd
@cosmiqparadox has contacts w Fortune 500 companies that are contacting us. 3 pax work for us. Amazing devoted intelligent millennials
@cosmiqparadox yet is sad watching N living the dream: 44, hansome, fit, public speaker, consultor. Opened consulting co. 8 mo ago w me,
@cosmiqparadox the job, you need my help, im learning... " hugged me &amp; pit head phones on. We are doing everything succesfully  :)
@cosmiqparadox i hv this guy that works w u that v sweet, has caught on abuse: "i feel weird here bc i dont treat ppl like he, i love the
@cosmiqparadox &amp; we could be thriving! When half commited to a client he is absolutly brilliant, amazing. Good thing is im learning alot,
@Winglessfly8 @katiaferro123 yep. Thatll be the prize to OW who insists on my husband ;) my revenefull part rejoices, sorry
Hinting them about being careful and saying "ive been there" isnt helping but i know that if i tell what i see they wont believe
Sad thing about what ive learnt this months on abuse is that im watching 2 guys make a bunch of mistakes thatll cost them emotional lives
I was taught to spend what i hv, to pay bills on time. With N this never happens. It makes me sick worrying about $.
"@Winglessfly8: 
Ive decided i wont start conversations w N today. If im gonma hv a nasty time he will too. Will pit him on edge. i dont care
Before N i wasf never late to credit card payments, always had $ saved for specific slow bussiness months. I can do this. Gotta believe it
Its like the money got all used pit as i steped into his house to live 6 yrs ago. We used up my $, ive suffered monthly to pay rent &amp; bills
Yest i was thinking weve never been in a such bad financial moment. Then recalled that is the norm
 We jv had financial dif since day 1
1st thing out of N mouth is complaining that dog woke him bc i didnt get her out of night kennel. #justnow
"@stanleybehrman: If u wonder how ur life would be wo them, u r either scared of losing them, or u feel trapped &amp; don't know how to get out"
Ive tried not to involve myself in the dog taking care off chores. But my heart goes to
them as they were also love bombed &amp; abandoned by N
Dogs didnt go out yesterday nor eat bc N didnt go for food nor was in mood for walking them. Today i will walk them they r not gulty of this
@GentlemanScott @AprilTX_E in some blood seems to go to stomach. Not to brain :P
@dallas76266 i wpuld say i dont trust anyone w 2 heads and no brains as most guys are
@cosmiqparadox im sorry. We are kinda in the same sit. Spend company money barely can pay employess
"@AprilTX_E: Men say they don't trust anything that bleeds for 5 days &amp;doesn't die.Well, I don't trust anything w 2 heads &amp; only 1 brain."
@smiley959375 and then again they ruin them for themselves too mosr of the time. Imagine living w that frustrarion always?  we Can detach ;)
If always something spectacular is about to happen and never does. In fact the opposite happens its not bad luck is a Narc gaming you
I know a day will come rhat i wont care what happens or not in Ns life. Today im still hurt by his cheating &amp; overall abuse. I miss love
@CookieKL @LePepe04 yep. Here too.
After all the drama on everything he is doing 4 rhe company i realised he was really describing my situation... not his.
Red flag alert: "connie, you know im devoted to you... i dont live your side" (dont hv to leave my side to cheat, lie &amp; scheme) but wtf?
More hours... but in his eyes he is the only one doing things. And its sad &amp; frustrating
Asistant, art guy &amp; me on doing something he has done million times &amp; we hvent (not once). Does this seem a lot? Not to me bc im working
Has to sell, see clients, tape his video snapplets for social media his social media, write shork article for his blog, coach team of
N gave me a list of reasos "this deal" (our company) isnt working for him.I will list them sorry i need to not forget the stupidiy of it all
@GentlemanScott e mail. I hv to confess ypur offer brought tears to my eyes. Thank you so much.
@GentlemanScott you dont know how much hv to hit a sweet spot. I will try to put my thoughts skills (fears) in order &amp; then i will shot u an
@Winglessfly8 save some &amp; to hv the courage / luck to find a job. Exh (kid dad) has no $. So we really both support kid. No allimony
@Winglessfly8 i cant "just leave" as living w zero $, debt &amp; an enraged N is not doable. I will until he discards hoping i hv enuff time to
@Winglessfly8 he will find a job excuse to leave. Thatll help him build another life. Poor kids but not mine. I hv my problemd
@Winglessfly8 yes. Eventually. i dont hv kids w him &amp; am financially dependent so yes he wil flee, leaving kids from prevous marriage alone
@Winglessfly8 im sure my husband will do this
@GentlemanScott skills or capabilities are told. Also my psychopath husband makes it difficult for me to value myself :s
@GentlemanScott wow that woul be amazing thanx. I know a lot of stuff. Im in meetings thinking i can do that. But i dont know what those
Im starting to understand what value i can give to a company.. baby steps for a future job hunt.
I know smear campign will come. Thing is this time im letting ppl see what N is like wo me covering his ass. And its working.
@cosmiqparadox omg im so sorry. mine also borrows $ or spends it all. Is it very bad?
Threw some bombs in FB / tw official accts. Lets see N worki himself up &amp; down about nothing ;)
Sadly i see some ppl that dont understand me following my same steps.Yet i know i shouldnt say anything. Wont be understood. But i see flags
I thought N was the only person that had truly loved me. I trusted him like no 1. Narcissism has destroyed my trust &amp; hope. I cant see light
Bf i discoveted the cheating &amp; Hyde came to life. I felt the most secure &amp; loved by N. Iwas calm &amp; felt secure like never bf in my life
And why do i say to him that? Bc i wont go always alomg w the his the perfrct husbNd and im letting marriage die.
Today i told N. "Im tired of misding &amp; im even tired of you deflecting everything i say" as he wyas opening his mouth to say HE misses me
@Snowflake_Fox "yes, &amp;t hats why u can trust me". many times i hint things like "no1 knows u like i do, u know that" he knows  is true
@Snowflake_Fox "i know u know sometimes i say horrible things &amp; i mean them. any1 but you would be horrified, conie"  and to that i answered
@Light_Life_Love @NWatchlist @TX_MrPickles @Bitofhunnie ?? Didnt understand
@NWatchlist @smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox agree. Mine knows he just doresnt care nor kbows how to be different. he lives his own hell.
@Snowflake_Fox i understand all this. Still is hell livong w them.
@JoannaMoore99 @Light_Life_Love took me months to accept he doesnt love me. It is still unreal seeing him as a psychopath. Movie like..
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 mine said exact things. He is playing you, saying what u want to hear. donr listen. Its a trap
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox i studied psychology... he most laugh about it like crazy... he knotws what  he is, canmot believe he doesnt
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox i felt soemthimg but i totally misinterpreted it :S now why now. He learned the hard way
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox laughed as it had during v different stages in life w anyone. I also miss my friend. Do i make sense?
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox he was too good to be true :( no one had taken to much yrouble in litfe to please me, care 4 me, i hv never
"@DVSurvivor4Life: Blessings as you continue your journey #abuse #domesticviolence #depression #PTSD #narcissist 
@throwupthehornz :)
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox very serious abuse to understand. His devaluation stage is very loving &amp; lonely at same timem confusing
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox cheating i really didnt believe it. Couldnt. Had trsuted hlim since i was 16. Took me almost 2 yrs of abuse
@smiley959375 @Snowflake_Fox i kNow. You know what makes me feel really stupid i Never ever  saw the red flags, even deep into abuse &amp;
I feel im always  steps behind: kid, clients, work and not to say N. had an amazing happy day. Im going to bed teary eyed and super sad
@cosmiqparadox yep. Ibe been told "but if ur still there u must like it" &amp; "nott having $ us no excuse" ppl dont grasp severity, fear
@smiley959375 ditto. I quit my job &amp; gave him my savings. Talk about being stupid.
@cosmiqparadox agree. The tend to judge too.
I wasnt born to be a mom. I was so self suficient &amp; independent as kid that i dont urnderstand why my son cant do things on his own
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 mine turned pure evil upon me finding Ow. Never has been the same. Mask dropped.
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 appeared imin my tw feed changed everything. Began reading stories with which i related. Bingo! NpD
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 i could relate to. Stipped searchi g for answers 4 months thinking i was crazy. One post that
@RileyPep @Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 its took me 2 yrs of some searching bc all i was finding was "normal" cheating, nothing i read
@Snowflake_Fox @smiley959375 mine is a N, no doubt. Even if he didnt cheat, he has de look... he has 99 of the 100 cited traits. Malignant
@smiley959375 dont look at him, do many things around house that dont involve him... watch him go nuts or angry or pleading... patterns
@smiley959375 they love reaction.Good, bad, whatever. Try to not start conversations, answer in short prases but in nice tone +
@smiley959375 mine calls him "evil" so i can say "no... u are not". I just say "i didnt say that or u said it yourself not me"or stay silent
@smiley959375 its easier to help others that to help onself. We are here to help each other keep it as real as possible XXOO
@smiley959375 poor guy? let him have the worst time. and OW? let them 2. All know he is married. She wants a piece?she will be needing luck
@smiley959375 we can leave they hv to be with themselves (which they deep inside know are despicable). Im not a psycho, that helps sometimes
@smiley959375 imagine knowing that the women who adore u, do so, ONLY bc they dont know u are exactly what they despise. Tought to swallow.
@smiley959375 even when they act as they are living the perfect life.
@smiley959375 being angry at everything / everybody all the time or frustrated bc things dont do their way makes them have a miserable life
@smiley959375 mine get really pissed 5-8 times a day for really stupid things. When i get angry i hv a bad time, i asume he does to.
@smiley959375 play the game as needed. Stay safe &amp; observe.
@smiley959375 He will never be happy. His worst punishment it to have to live with himself forever. He suffers too and thats good.
@smiley959375 hacing said that, i fully understand how stupid you feel, i feel the same as i write on all the red flags i didnt see.
@smiley959375 dont be hard on yourself, you were duped. You believed bc it was a carefully prepared strategy. You are not stupid, he is sick
@nomorenarc @selenanel when gyno said baby was not viable,N said "dont worry we´ll find another way 2 spite Exw" WTF i was hving miscariage
@mujer_cita_MIA learn to speak argentinian "concha" = pussy. Mexican "concha" = sweet bread (edible, food)
@smiley959375 i also recall 3 - 4 moments the 1st months that felt weird,were out of place &amp; were huge RED flags. OW wont seem the either ;)
@smiley959375 i know OW has hd a v hard time,she threatened N to come talk to me: imagine what she holds inside: guilt, shame, jelaousy,rage
@smiley959375 and OW will be getting plenty of them too. Remember, she has to fight the wife for attention. Relax, forget about them.
@smiley959375 when i get jelaous i just think on that she will be getting a worse N than me (bc og age for starters).
@smiley959375 OW hv an awful time too.They wonder why they dont leave us if they are so unhappy w us &amp; happy w them. They own hell. Trust me
@smiley959375 if one really looks bk one can remember those off things that made you feel lousy,  building on how things are today.
@smiley959375 is you really really remember how things were at first, sure there was love bombing, but i also recall feeling uneasy, guilty
@savebunny truth is what worries me more now is cash flow in the company. He prkdes himself of being business man he is not
@savebunny plays what i call corpse. He is awake, eyes almost closed, faking sleep, covers up to nose... watches tv. But its my fault
@savebunny lonely &amp; overworked. He is sublty ignoring me emotionally &amp; phisically rejecting me. Says we dont hv sex but comes to bed &amp; +
N takes turns on how to punish me. Its either work or personal one area he yells &amp; insults the other he says he is proud of me... patterns
If i hv to wake up at 6 N sleeps in, if there is nothing to dò early he wakes us up at 6. I need to sleep
@Light_Life_Love hahahfaj atenttion seeking dissorder.i wi use it is a wonderful insight
@Snowflake_Fox yes i try to think that he too jas a miserable life, alwaus needing more, angry, hungry... i pity him
I feel sad for Ns kids. Used during divorce, mom doesnt let N see them &amp; N doesnt want to.  Being double played but i cant do a thing
@1124pebbles then why if we know this, it still hurts? So stupid.
How many times have you told youself "i should hv know " ? Me... like 10 times per day...
"@DivKay: “@FamousWomen: If you can't be thankful for what you have, be thankful for what you've escaped.” So true for me!" - #future
@FemalePTSD hope you can find some peace today. Be gentle to yourself. Pls
@stockholmabuse sick... i divorced him to marry a narc. Kudos Connie. I can say i was so emotionallt abandoned N has it easy
@stockholmabuse that my 1st husband did (porn &amp; masturbating  while i was asleep by his side) i didnt know that was wrong but made me feel
@savebunny hi Bunny! How are you doing? Hows Beast behaving?
@FemalePTSD is there a way j can help you?
I admire &amp; thank all u gals that even when away for hell &amp; already healed stay here w us, helping, loving &amp; reading triggering stories
@stockholmabuse i look up to you. Im sti to tangled up to be any help. Thank you for taking the time to help
@2ndlast2rise psychopath
@mujer_cita_MIA yesterday i tweeted this from a Joaquin Sabina song... "no hay nostalgia peor que añorar lo que nunca jamás sucedió" :(
@selenanel im sorry. Im having v hard days. All i do is complain and mop :S thnx so much for being here
The other P i dated yrs ago gives me creeps just by thinking of him. Saw him omce 4 yrs ago. Repulsion. I hope i can feel this 4 N one day
But i understand the dynamics of our "love". He the one i trusted 24yrs is the most dangerous person in the world for me.
I dont know how, i dont know when I know N &amp; i will part. I still cant believe that he wont be able to b part of my life. Difficult to grasp
@mujer_cita_MIA yes im working on that. 1st it was accepting what he is &amp; that he wont change. Now reviwing myself &amp; planning..
@mujer_cita_MIA yeah? Im glad 4 you that can find worth. Im tired. If it weren for my 11 yo (not Ns son) i wouldnt be here. I find no joy
If i get bruised by him or posts pics of me, he should feel the shame. Not me. And this i didnt understand before. Its been a long walk
N once threatened to post nude pics of me. I panicked. Today id say "pls do and lets see whom gets burned me 4 fucking my H or u 4 posting"
Feb 17 2015 the only chance for a baby we had would hv been born today. 10 weeks into preg it was dx as ectopic. 8 weeks of hope &amp; fear
Even when i know baby would hv made it much much complicated. Today expected due date i cant help but crying.
@mujer_cita_MIA :( i know thats gonna haplen wheb i leave N. Im preparing for a life wo sex or love... amen debt and other things.
@mujer_cita_MIA yeah. I always new i hd addictive persinality. Didnt know how much.
Why did N think that twlling me he had been in a come as a teen bc of a car crash was gonna make me love/admire... him? Story made me sad
I miss the guy i thought he was.Nothing that made me fell in love is here. Why do i still feel for him when clearly he is not whom i loved?
@Snowflake_Fox yes i Know. I justcrejoice in him being old &amp; with less $ and much much less energy for evetything.
reading this TL is tough. Reading a "ow" talk about the cheated wife hurts. A i'm a cheated wife. I supose me tweets hurt "ow's" :(
"@TheGoldenMirror: When you think the problem lies with everybody else, the truth may be that the problem lies with you." Who cal tell my N?
@stockholmabuse letting go of that that was shown in the grooming stage is the most excrtiating pain.
I based myemotional roots &amp; health in 1 of the 4 most damaged &amp; broken ppl i met in my life. 1 other 1 dated, 1 other is dead &amp; 1 is stepdad
... that that of what never happened". And it makes me think of how i feel w N. Im sad bc of that, that never was.
There this spanish singer Joaquin Sabina "no hay nostalgia peor que añorar lo que nunca jamás sucedió" - "there is not worst nostalgia than
@overjoyed1969 iknow. There are days that nothing goes right.thnx for bring herr
@overjoyed1969 its like nobody helps or even makes an effort for their stuuf. 11yo can take his uniform at night?
I hate my life my husband my son &amp; me. Im tired. I want to die
@overjoyed1969 @NWatchlist the soul takes a little rest when finding out we are not alone nor crazy. This acct hs saved whats left of me
@smiley959375 i know. I dont trust no 1. Months ago he said i know N is v jelaus &amp; i wouldnt want to pit u in trouble. He is a friend-client
Maling numbers really tight i need 2000 usd a month &amp; not paying rent to make ends meet. My exh is not dping well. Thats a lot of $
Im not letting myself suffer. I pop pills, i eat chocolate &amp; i smoke pot to subdue amxiety attackS. Im tired so very tired.
If this guy is for real. I might hv a 3rd male friend to help me out in times of need. This one might help me to emotionally &amp; job wise
He said "i think you need to speak to someone". Wonder why is it that guys pick up faster that somethings off than woman?
A guy i know texted me today saying we need to talk business &amp; personal. He is geting separated and i know he knows about Ns jealousy.
tight jaw, throat knot. 1 of those day where nothing really happened by is a tense calm. One big fight coming up one of these days.
"@bruisedwoman: Thinking of Divorcing an Abusive Spouse? It's Time To Get Real 
That in anycase would validate my leaving him but would not help in anyway in my fiancial (zero income wo him &amp; debt) . So stuck still
Today i realised that if anyone asked why i left, showing some bruises will help me. Downside N would find out &amp; thats dangerous
@1124pebbles i dont feel sorry 4 ow. She is chosing to sleep  &amp; relate to a guy who lives w his wife. I rejoice on the hell that awaits
Must be terrible knowing that the person that adores you does it bc she doesnt know u are exaclty what she most hates: liar &amp; cheater
@1124pebbles i see my job quialitifications as bizarre. Difficult job hunting + i feel i can do anything right. Tough days :S
@1124pebbles dont understand what it is not to hv any $ &amp; hving the feeling there is no1 out there that would hire a person like me
@1124pebbles i want to kick myself in the face every minute bc if i hadnt given up my job &amp; given him my $ i could leave... ppl i tell this
@1124pebbles i now work w him. Before that he didnt let me work (he did but made it impossible) &amp; before him i was makong 5000 usd
@1124pebbles now he complains im not close &amp; physical. Yet rejectes me. Hurts. But everytime it hurts less &amp; enrages more
@1124pebbles &amp; frustrated all the time can be happy. Also i think on how ow dream life will be w this older &amp; no $ N. Shes in 4 a ride too
@1124pebbles we used to hv  lots of fun now he is angry all the time. I rejoice in thinking he is also having a bad time. No one thats angry
@1124pebbles he is making it easier and easier not to find any reason (but my financial dependecy and entrapment) to stay with him
Jekil &amp; Hyde, trainwreck, i can breath, what happened? the keywords of narcissistic abuse feelings
"@PrinceGreenJr: Roses are black,
Violets are black,
Everything is black,
I wish I was dead..."
Wakes up, wakes me up, throws accusations, i feel like crap &amp; lonely. He falls bk to sleep
6 am noise i wake up say hi to N . He is angry. I didt something while sleeping and he says im really angry @ him. Unfair turf ti fight on
@stockholmabuse by the time one (if ever) understands what went on, its really difficult to get a grasp on reallity
@JoannaMoore99 and of course he knows more that anyone.
@JoannaMoore99 mine explained the origin of the name of a guy to him. He was named after great conqueror, so i even knew it. LOL
Never saw a widow so happy as my ex mother in law. I expected this ; ) N is shocked, im not. She ist be relieved as i expected.
10.0k tweets filled with pain, doubt, fear but most of all hopelessness. Seing lofe from the dark side leaves one without a soul
@stockholmabuse its useless as it is exahusting nd only gets thinga going further. I say yes to everything. Sarcasm depends on danger asses
Send me a text saying "thats what i get for being nice, shoulda stayed home" i totally ignored it &amp; his faul mood #justnow
N got caught in the middle of a situation in which he had to accompany me to a event of my kid. Upn arriving home he got irritated &amp;
