Mhesabu visa pendo haliwezi!
Lord, do not let me die yet, I have not lived enough.
Laleni poa!
As Sigmund Freud said, we understand the makeup of things best when we see them lying in pieces, shattered.
The media has to decide whether it's work is to inform or to inflame...
I don't know what HIV list was about. I will call my friend Sr Mary Owens for clarity. Meanwhile, I see a lot of knee-jerk reactions!
@bettywaitherero You know, @SpryVoice  offered to translate all we said in English.with my beer offer, he managed 1. That's how deep we were
@SpryVoice No I have not. From the TL, it looks pretty convoluted.
What is this #UhuruHIVlist @SpryVoice I am agonizing through a play!
I have seen theatre production standards go down over the years. This heartstrings play is a waste of time. Do a stand-up comedy!
@kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu @SpryVoice Yes Prof, those that share boundaries with Embu practice it to date.
@symowain but has the gospel been inculturated well?
@mwenzenu @SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu The Kambas are a success story in this front hence the question would be, why them and the convo changes
@symowain among the independent churches, yes, to this day, the akorino, indi and affiliates, the practice is norm.
@symowain That would be a stretch. It was an item among many points of 'defiance'
@mwenzenu @SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu Family curses, fertility beliefs, cultural pressure, bad omen and male misogyny/ ignorance..
@symowain no! It was purely a valued cultural practice. The resistance came from the bashing it got from the missionaries! They dug in...
@mwenzenu @SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu Pentecostal is a latter entrant into the scene. I don't think religion is the only variable per se!
What is the correlation between religion and FGC? Remember the missionaries did not call it a sin but labeled it a satanic act.
@SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu Yes, no one talks about it...anthropologically, what is not talked about openly takes a life of its 0wn.
@SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu Yes, Meru areas where the Methodists evangelized has remarkable success.
@SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu Sadly, the notion that Kikuyus have done better works against the eradication of the rite.
@SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu Catholic pockets have been a let down. And of course particular families where curses and omen are held
@SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu the Protestant dominated areas have done better save for indigenous churches ie akorino and 'indi'
@SpryVoice @kimaniwanjogu @mwenzenu the FGC among the Kikuyus is 30%. Would you say this is successful when 3/10 today go through the rite?
@SpryVoice @NjeriThorne @SandeZack @symowain I would have bought you a beer if you cracked all..
@symowain @SpryVoice tūtigate mīgwī na nguyo na ngīma nīciūkīte... Nītūtigīre hau, tūthiī kīmonimoni.
@NjeriThorne @SpryVoice kīhumo kīa Njeri nī mūūcera, onoga, kana anona maingī!
@SpryVoice @NjeriThorne kīny'iria, wee wī wa diaspora? Lol
@SpryVoice @symowain na kuona njamba ta Karūme na kīrīma ciana ciao ciīhandīte Magoti-inī, ūkona he handū tūtakinyanagia!
@SpryVoice Tera @njerithorne anūmīrīre ndirī gīkokoro! Lol
@NjeriThorne @SpryVoice @symowain nīmaūndū maingī twerirūo matarī  ma ma, tondū arīa matūrutire matiarī na ūmenyo. Now, we know better!
@NjeriThorne thooma o kahoora, tūgūgūtwara cece...@symowain @SpryVoice
I am sorry, I love Kenya more. Cia mūciī ti coomo!
@SpryVoice @symowain niī nīnjūī ūguo, na ngetīkia. Ona mūndū ndangītuīka mūthomi atoī ndīra ciao. Nyonaga kaī twahenirio nī mūthūngū!
2 kwendia būrūri ūyū mbeca, arokahūkana na maniūrū na Ngai aromwīkīra ndaimono kīongo.(Augire ūguo rī na kū?) @SpryVoice @symowain @Fchurii
Nūūrī waigua rwīmbo rwa Kamarū, andū a Kenya mwīmenyerere mangū, kīrumi gīa Kīnyata kīrī guoya, ūrīa ūkamunya itoke cia Kenya, kana..
1
@symowain @SpryVoice Ūndū ūheaga hahū nī rīrī, gūte rūthiomi rwitū, nīgūteanīria kīrīa gītuaga mīnyororo ya thīna. Ngombo ndīmeny'aga. Kana?
@SpryVoice @symowain hau nī ma. Kana nderi makarīa ciimba!
@SpryVoice @symowain No ateti mendete ta acio. Arīa metīkītie ūthuri wa itang'a ndūnungaga!
: Morning run<HEAVY CHECK MARK>️<RUNNER>🏻with music <MUSICAL SCORE> stuck to my ears. An hour of coveted bliss! 
Jaffreys...!
@symowain @SpryVoice Kaba thīna handū ha kwīremwo! Mnnnh, poverty versus disempowerment!
@SpryVoice @symowain That should be it...not where I was today. Thīna ūrīa ūhuhaga mīrūri!
@PadreMusa @SpryVoice @symowain 
Whoever will explain to me why a mud house is never neat and nicely done will do me a lot of good!
Images that will haunt me tonight. 
@SpryVoice Do Amerucans and affiliates sing!?
Sometimes you can see a whole lot of  things, just by looking. Yogi Bera.

May the day break!
It got worse at the grave side, someone told me, Tharaka don't sing, how true is that? They didn't disappoint! The CWA were completely off
3
Then during gospel and communion. I was on the edge now. I asked, do you know any catholic songs? They told me, we are charismatic! #Puzzled
Today, I met CWA women of a kind. All in uniform, they intoned a popular song for entrance hymn to church. Well, It felt odd but excusable
1
When we worship our emotions, we shouldn't confuse it for prayer! 

@Fchurii
Thomas Merton, in his book, The Seven story mountain teaches us that sensing the eternal in the ordinary stills our restlessness.
They have a set rhythm, routine and established ritual. They don't resort to what excites,variety or novelty. They delink as much emotion.
2
Monks know one thing, if you pray regularly boredom, lack of energy will soon wear you down. Hence they have a  way to go round this-
1
One false notion of prayer is that it is supposed to be exciting, interesting and full of energy all the time. Hardly,none of us can keep up
Now I know why the Nithi votes come as they do! 

The poverty in this area is shocking, every young man I have seen is high on something and the old dazed with tobacco.
@Fchurii The most effective prayer is contemplative prayer. Often said in silence, awestruck, complete abandon!
What really happened? NMG, SG and Citizen had their decoders in the high seas. An MVFaina? 
Proceeding to Chuka. A funeral of One of my colleagues mum. She died of cancer and I have seen both suffer since diagnosis in August. RIP
I feel challenged that we need to appreciate the need to be missionaries within a secular culture.To be counter-cultural! 
May the day break
Sometimes we find good secularity in the world and the bad secularity in the church. ~Ron
Exclude exclusiveness!
The issue with comparing two spiritualities is, you fall into the pitfall of exclusiveness that negates the very faith you claim to have!
@SpryVoice We come to God more by doing it wrong than by doing it right. @EstherPassaris
@SpryVoice but if the girl seated next to @EstherPassaris is her daughter, her body language shouts of disconnect!
@SpryVoice Don't tell me I am that old? That generation can jig secular music really well. I doubt they need to be enticed into gospel!
Yesu, amepiga Shetani mateke! ... Sababu ya mateke....
Mateke, mateke, mateke! 

That's what we get, no scripture, empty words.
#JKL
It is possible to not ever shout and dance, and have gospel music that speaks to the heart. Hear thee Kenyan gospel artists #JKL
@SpryVoice I don't know how old she is, pre-Vatican 2, yes, but I wouldn't say that today. A lot has changed. @EstherPassaris
@SpryVoice Ah Ok, perhaps Michael W Smith? He is I think a bigger name in gospel music circles!
@SpryVoice Why do you say that?
This is the mark of gospel songs. Based on scripture. Deep spirituality, serenity, uplifting. Would we have this with our artists? #JKL
@Am_Ess So far she is at peace, open to the ultimate healing!
A friend of mine has asked me to make sure "I will sing" by Don Moen is sang during her funeral. She is battling with cancer. #JKL
Must a woman rep be female? Asking for a friend!
@VitaCatholic and you realize what you have missed by being adult!
Today I stopped to see a caterpillar scoop soil and load a tipper. I don't know why I did, but in 1985, I got a beating for it #theboyinme
One word, astronomical profits. We concur, unbridled capitalism is exploitation, dizzying!
Feeling chirpy today! Then I meet the patients complaining of the new interns who can't get to fix lines right without several pricks....
Traditionally, warring communities spared women and kids.
@ericndiku I prefer to work with doubt, not certitude in my pursuit . That way I discern without presumptions!
@ericndiku Sorry, I don't have that kind of faith. When my faith gets bigger than the size of the mustard seed, I get very worried!
@bettywaitherero Betty, always spoils our party lately @SpryVoice
@symowain no problem, quivers and demi semi quivers too... Lol
@bettywaitherero 
I will be a journalist in heaven( if I ever make it) I wonder whether there will be stories to unearth other than new versions of Alleluia!
@SpryVoice  the allocation for investigative pieces is a shoe-string budget, while you have to rope tweeps to watch to boost viewership
@SpryVoice but I get you, the model of Oscars and Grammy awards is a big joke for any serious profession.
@SpryVoice We should actually appreciate what our journalists do with very little ongoing training. They are heroes in many levels. No?
@SpryVoice Sadly, while the journalists know that the media houses use a meagre 1% for their training, they make do with the celeb flair!
I have transversed many parts of this country. We have done well with the girl child, a lot more should be done. My worry is the boy child.
Am an early bad today, not close to a bird!
Monks have secrets worth knowing. As I age, I feel more drawn to a life of a cloister. May the day break!
@Olez and they have no apologies for it. Each talks like they own a militia, while they cosy in Nairobi with their kids in high end schools.
These MPs have no will for peace, or are they socialized to show bravado and warrior like rhetoric is a mark of leadership?
Journalists are making better political commentators. Political science in Kenya is simply, dotting the lines!
#PoleKwaMwirigi #JeSuisMwirigi
@SpryVoice @evangelinechao @Benogola Confession time! <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
I am offering counseling, and life skills after a breakup pro bono to #Mwirigi. Who would know better than a pwriest?
#PoleKwaMwirigi
@SpryVoice @bettywaitherero ...akae ngangari...tweeps don't swob!
@SpryVoice @bettywaitherero Hakuna mwanaume mama ya mwingine... <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND TIGHTLY> *hides*
@SpryVoice For now we twalk.
@symowain Perhaps Kerry visited UK, the rest were like that baby elephant lol @bettywaitherero
@symowain John the Baptist was stoic, came breathing fire and brimstone. He took no selfies in the wild. Lol
@PadreMusa There can never be an optimistic narrative? A happy ending?
So what was Kerry visit about? Dress rehearsal?
Is Rwanda Kagame, and Kagame Rwanda? Asking for a friend!
The only thing that brought joy to us when we had a guest as kids is, we ate well. Today, nothing changes, but (the guest) takes selfie!
@SpryVoice indeed, It is a cafeteria system.
@bettywaitherero @mkibuchis_Mzito You cannot pigeon hole the truth and become an expert in writing history. Critique, truth is travail!
@SpryVoice When self-aggrandizement goes up that road, it takes many forms. What surprises me  is the glee in aka-melon, " we told him!" Lol
This is what I meant by the earlier tweet, why Burundi worries me!  
@mkibuchis_Mzito @bettywaitherero There is something equally damning, supporting UGUS! *
@SpryVoice I doubt it is hypocrisy, we have a penchant for things mzungu. I think it is a peculiar Kenyan habit. Look around.
Why does Burundi worry me? 1. It has the potential of a genocide. 2. What happens to its Amisom troops in Som? Scary!!!

What was aka melon gloating about? 
I can't wait to be 65!
@KResearcher It may have cost change of guard at NMG. No?
Kalonzo talks, we listen. He is buoyant tonight for having told on Jubilee to Kerry!
When Kerry says it, it is palatable!
Politicians live on different timelines. They are already in 2017!
Priests canonically retire at 65. They continue to work in parishes which wears them off fast. Making retirement for priests lucrative!
For once, I enjoyed a meeting. I could hardly believe. Brainstorming on policy guidelines for clergy home, old, sick and retired.
What vote head do these counties draw funds for such expensive adverts? What is the intent?
1 minute advert of Kitui county, followed by I minute of Meru county at this time? Are governors on campaign mode 2017?
I saw the American convoy...Not bad..I hope BO keeps it that way in July, if this is a dress rehearsal!
@Olez Kuwa mpole baana!
Sometimes we focus more on government failures than the venom of AS. Glad Somalia will henceforth call them UGUS...@bettywaitherero
Sometimes I see my own things. Does it matter how one contracted HIV? This man, Amuok with his description. How does this ripple..?
"If you do not know the direction and the momentum, you will not recognize the backpedaling!"
The best criticism of the bad is the practice of the better ~Mexican
Any exclusionary process of thinking, any exclusively dualistic thinking, will always create violent people on some level ~ Rohr
Self-centered people misuse human love, and they will do the same with divine love. ~ Rohr
We move from one to the other only through encounter, surrender, trust and an inner experience of presence and power ~Rohr
Are my friends discussing this? 
Social justice &amp; private morality non-negotiable. We don't 'go' to heaven if we break the laws yet we don't go if we don't feed the poor
10
The larger moral picture is not a domain for anyone soaked in hubris. And for heaven sake, Jesus at no point did he participate in it..
8
Some of these powder-keg issues cannot be discussed simply with a legal mind, religious mind all anchored on a blurred discernment
9
Yet,Holland has set up the worlds coveted compassionate,peace loving cultures. It is the closest the west has come to an egalitarian state
7
Eg. Holland has legalized abortion, euthanasia,prostitution and host of drugs.The churches are empty. It is truly a post-Christian culture
6
Sorry, your liberal and conservative purview often misses the bigger picture. Unfortunately. Humility and hubris dots the two positions 
5
Let us not pigeonhole the scriptures. One issue does not make for the gospel. The litmus test for orthodoxy is how we love our enemies.
4
Passion is not enough. Like the older bro to prodigal son we might do all the right things but stand outside the circle of celebration.
3
In defense of the truth, we must guard our penchant to impose it by law and subdue others by legislative force.
2
The truth is not a sledge hammer. It is not simply enough to have the right truth, the right energy and patience must accompany it.
1
Who's the junior American official who said "choices have consequences?" The inconsequence is, I forget his name with all the biggies here!
Why are counties spending on self-congratulatory adverts? Meru, Kiambu, Kitui... Asiii!
Jesus wants us to go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.

Everyone, quiet, before they could process, I was done! 
13
Why should we let evil that torment us have the last word. 
Jesus does not want us to go where the path may lead.
12
Everything that can be thought virtuous and worthy...
Who are we to judge from our privileged positions?
11
Then I read the scripture, whatever is true,everything that is noble, everything that is good and pure, everything that we honor and love
10
"Are there success stories from rehab in this country? What I know the failure rate is 8/10. In our community, tell me one, a single man."
9
"It is true that this man was mean and a drunk..But to his family, they lived in hope that he would kick the addiction. Is that possible?
8
I stood to preach. All were quiet. My voice was a bit husky at first, tension. " I know this is the most unusual funeral for many of you"
7
And the other denominations had come to witness our poor judgement. The family sat there, caught in between grief and wonder. 
6
this was risky affair. Everyone who stood there looked like they were seething inside in anger. My own thought that I was exposing them
5
mass. How? People came so that they could see the hypocrisy of the church, giving an acclaimed sot a religious send off. I was convinced 
4
not sure. Disillusioned.
He never attended church. On the contrary the family did. Triangulation? When he died. Word went round, requiem
3
He was addicted to alcohol. His children loved to hate him- but knowing how good he was at the heart of heart when he was sober, they were
2
Njogu died in the village. In a word, he was a very mean man. His wife always walked to the Chiefs camp with bruises and injury.
1
John Kerry was once a presidential candidate! Strange America...
Sleep has come with vengeance!!
Saturday is the worst night to have insomnia. Groggy priest!
Nilisema alimzidi nilinyamaza...
Kulia kunalainisha moyo...
Is Bill Clinton visiting Rwanda? Asking for a friend!
My target for #PowerRun at Jaffreys is to lower my pulse rate to 52, I am now at 57. That gives me strength to workout with a mega heart!
@Atetwee You realize that you failed to capture 'I do not know what to say..' Perhaps the silence suffices and I don't have to dig into why!
The first principle of non-violent action is that of non-cooperation with everything humiliating. ~Mahatma Gandhi
Lol, I could appoint them to any board..
And the fact I call them by first name, then can tell me "go to Jericho" euphemism for ' go to hell' and I " what, you got to be kidding!"
Beautiful morning. I hang out with Colombiere, 95 and Betty, 85. They have the most fun conversations.
That done, in this weather, it is best to do my 21 Km run, just for fun, to feel the wind blow through my ears!
I wish the oils of the sick had a more appealing fragrance...I have tried to blend it but I have never got the right one.
I do not know what to say to a terminally  ill patient who tells visitors. "Please don't tell them so many things, tell them I am well!"
@angiquintavalle @cobbo3 @fabrica @UniPadova Must they re-enact the tragedy to empathize?
@GeoffKimani Diet perhaps?
"Demonizing is not only morally bankrupt, it is always false"
"If you want to change the world, change the metaphor"
Unity is the first line of defense!
Feeling much better after a power run....
Yet, loneliness sometimes seems justified. When I wrestle with God when everyone thinks I shouldn't...
When they say, be professional, don't carry your work home. They didn't tell me that when it is loss and grief , it carries me!
Loneliness is what makes us poets, Mystics, artists, philosophers, healers, musicians, sinners, saints...
Loneliness comes with a drift alienation from others and painfully, it makes me doubt my interior resources.
Sometimes loneliness becomes chronic.
No one told me that grief feels so much like fear ~CS Lewis
Eritrean ambassador rubbishes the penchant for journalists to write their conjectures like it is facts. What @symowain calls dot journalism!
How can we educate today so that tomorrow will be a time of compassion rather than combat?
How can the places where we learn to know become places where we also learn to love?
And they will fix your car sometimes pro bono, then ask, "utanunua ka-lunch tu, wewe ni wetu"
Their honesty is what I find humbling. You leave your car with them overnight and you can be sure all shall be well.
@symowain I think, their state makes them equal. Each stays in his line of specialty and mentors the upcoming ones. The synergy is palpable.
I have asked where Ka-jonie is, last time he had a bad cough. " huyo ako Kenyatta, Kifua mbaya, si uchote, kitabu iko pale" amazing love!
These guys have immense fun and humor, they are so inclusive in their banter, cajoling each other without any taking offense!
I have asked them what they feel about the new appointments. "Sasa nyinyi vijanaa an vile mnajipenda, afadhali wazeia!" Lol
Interacting with these boys, in the garage leaves me feeling a lot better. These, somewhat, are the real Kenyans on the streets not #KOT
And it starts painless, spreads without notice, then intervention, side-effects galore, eventually excruciating painful exit!
Taking care of the terminally ill, you realize how fickle life is. How what preoccupies everyone is all vanity. How and what matters is now!
Cancer is a lonely, arduous fight. As a caregiver, I shudder. I quietly weep. I doubt whether my presence makes a difference!
Cancer keeps on winning. I have lost another of my patients... Sad!
#TwitterAlphaBullying syndrome!
@bettywaitherero Yes!
@bettywaitherero @NjeriThorne That said, self-sufficiency is a total illusion. Reason why psychology insists on personal therapy. No?
We are too tiny, too insecure, to ready to beat ourselves up. We can't be always correct, but we can be connected ~Rohr
"Information is not necessarily transformation. If we do not transform our pain, we shall most assuredly, transmit it" ~Rohr
While cognition is important in a discourse, psychology apportions a 'hunch' 'gut feeling' as the safest bet. Experience attests to this!
"It is either you are a proposer or an opposer." That was how cognitive processing of ideas was formed in many schools in Kenya.
Where ignorance is bliss, it is folly to be wise...
My 6000 tweet. Thoughts in solitude. Some pristine, others mundane, a devils advocate push and a pinch of humor. My work, my person, all me!
" ignorance of both" Blaise Pascal 
3
".it is also dangerous to allow him too clear a vision of his greatness without his baseness. It is even more dangerous to leave him in.."
2
"It is dangerous to show man too clearly how much he resembles the beast, without at the same time showing him his greatness"
1
@symowain Your style. Short sentences. Pregnant Punchlines. It depicts some fecund thought process and a restless soul. Lethal combination.
@symowain <HEAVY CHECK MARK>️<GRINNING FACE><THUMBS UP SIGN>🏿 bio-dirge!! <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
Is it safe to trust? Is it safe to love? Are there assurances in love? Yes, it is safe to fall into light and not darkness. Fear is rot!
The question lingers as Henri Nouwen's. How do we move from the house of fear to the house of love?
It is safe to give ourselves over without fear because, as faith teaches, in the end, all will be well. ~Ron
It is safe to be weak because the strength we need is found when we give up on our own power. ~Ron
Well, octogenarian is quite a stretch and dishonest Mr Mbandi #TheBigQuestion
@MburuSara I had this old granny, very devout, lucid mind. She was just tired of living. She would look at the obituaries inconsolably!
@MburuSara In the course of my ministry I have met people who have wanted/genuinely wished death. Such a grey area it is.
@MburuSara That is the crux of the matter. All include the healthy too, hence, rational suicide angle ( if I got it right )
Interviewing skills make all the difference. The interviewer leaves without letting us know her opinion - Zeinab
Good to interact with such people! OOTW!  
"Right to kill yourself should be a fundamental human right for all, not just for the terminally sick"
HardTalk.... Class interview over a controversial issue of choice death!
" even if it flies away, it is a goat "
{ona ciombūka, no mbūri}

I was mortified.
(Age, rigidity, humor, wit)
3
I was quick to say, 'that is not a goat, it's a bird!' He was miffed. On getting there, the bird flew. But the priest said in Kikuyu. 2
On the way to Naivasha one day, we spotted Marabou stork on the road. An elderly priest on the driver seat asked. 'What! Goats on the road'1
The vulture is a patient bird.
Birds of prey, do not sing!
Birds of the same feathers flock to gather!
@Fchurii @citizentvkenya If you ask me, that is a serious 'leak'. You wonder what the ripple effect of such a breach would be!
Is there anyone who works without chasing the elusive Kshs anymore?
@bettywaitherero @SpryVoice So is the discontent hinged on unwarranted privilege and perks accessed or youthful opportunity cost?
I ask this question because I have seen even in priesthood, the old priests ebb away without much regard, honor and (sadly) dignity!
Why the revulsion towards retired politicians? You mean there are no honorables among them? Any social psychologist out there? @SpryVoice
@RookieKE They are not lucky where I sit. We had to draw the line on conflict of interest. People aren't always that bad!
I am a board member of a school. Mostly pro-bono, two meetings in a year. The principal runs the school. What do members of a board do?
@bettywaitherero Remember Kevin Carter? This brinkmanship will one day catch up with us!
True. Greed has an exponential curve! Let us not rationalize corruption!  
2 information should be on the need to know basis
3 info is of value if you give it to people who have the ability to do something with it.
All I am saying is, why would you let sensitive information be in the public domain. There is also the right of not knowing. Gen S McCrystal
@IntelligencNews No, I know the Marcus Aurelius injunction. If not true, don't say it, if not right, don't do it. @mkibuchis_Mzito
@SpryVoice We are conflating two issues. @IntelligencNews @mkibuchis_Mzito
@IntelligencNews @mkibuchis_Mzito Be that as it may, police communication making it to social media serves to terrorize the citizens!
#PressPass is one program I wait to watch. It is also one that the host makes a big difference. @MarkMasai, you are breaking it!
@mkibuchis_Mzito @IntelligencNews My question is squarely on the content of the letter!
Out of 302 it we have zeroed in to about 20 high value appointees. 
All animals are not equal <GRINNING FACE><GRINNING FACE><GRINNING FACE>
@citizentvkenya Police reference number shows that it is a 2012 letter. No? @IntelligencNews
@citizentvkenya A letter from a corporal to his bosses giving them instructions?
@citizentvkenya Note that the date is 23th and not 23rd April
So @citizentvkenya quote this letter that I got via whatsapp without questioning its veracity? 
Why wouldn't Britons send help to Nepal even if it is for appreciating the Ghurkas in their army!
The sight of security personnel working barehanded in Kathmandu is heartbreaking! The inequality in this world is mind boggling!
Why is nature set in such a way that after the earthquake there are worse aftershocks?
Kamal Hyder is my favorite reporter in @AJEnglish. Experience runs in the timbre of his voice. #journalism
If only we would appreciate how fickle human life is...
I had better have the car AC checked, not a repeat of last night's driving nightmare...!
All EU universities will observe a minute of silence at noon for #147isnotjustanumber @kenyanpundit 
So @dailynation Chinese SGR workers live in safe units complete with basketball courts and swimming pools!! *Why are we this way?*
Mother Teresa! 
#PlagueForProfit How? How? How? How?
For the love of Mulungu, what was Kethi on about in today's paper about the dad?
@symowain you cannot have a header all emboldened as Revealed... Then you let the reader chase your delusions of grandeur!
@symowain Revealed:---then Pg 2 para1 ..MAY  have been caused! ( then conjectures galore) is this 'join the dot' journalism?
@PadreMusa @murigikamande I would have given them my sources pro bono and a better story line! Lol
Did anyone read the Sunday nation headline vis a vis the running story? Totally disappointing!
Pierre! Grow up...you have overstayed your welcome! #Burundi
@bettywaitherero @NationFMKe @SpryVoice @NjeriThorne <HEAVY CHECK MARK>️<HEAVY CHECK MARK>️<THUMBS UP SIGN> unfortunately I have to go for mass!
If you have no love, leave people alone, occupy yourself instead with things ~ Tolstoy
@symowain @giobunei @bettywaitherero Not at all, you don't start by feeding the assumptions with a spin and go ham with hyperbole!
@bettywaitherero @symowain  Certainly your media houses do not follow such mundane stories...and the audience take it as gospel truth! Lol
And by the way, has anyone ever cared to know the chain of distribution of the charcoal in Jubbaland? @bettywaitherero @symowain
I would still listen or read anything factual, contextual and balanced. Alarming, innuendo ridden reporting does not have a place in me!
How can we fight radicalization if we do not have critical scribes who will put to scrutiny reports and anything that aids the enemy?
I serialized security reporting of @dailynation a week ago. I discovered that they regurgitate past editions, self-plagiarism is a style!
War is about propaganda. If the UN released a report that favored AS to the public. It is the most irresponsible organization I know!
@symowain I am tired of dots journalism. Anywhere beyond Garissa doesn't have Bidco and Mumias products, has never had, ever! Facts!
@symowain that I wouldn't know because Som does not produce it!
@symowain hardworking Somali businessmen who employ so many and pay due tax to their government!
@symowain The UN should have ensured charcoal is not burnt. Once it is there, you cannot go ahead and say, don't sell it. No?
@symowain the context of the report was when central government wanted to stifle the S.Som federal government.
@symowain and by the way, S.Som has a functional, federal government that collects taxes. No one mentions that bit to curry their stories!
@symowain We fan and spread the credibility of UN reports because we are Kenyans. Ask Rwandese and DRC the scorn they have over such!
@symowain Who?
@symowain Illicit? If you go to Kisii to reign on sugusugu, you would declare matoke trade illicit because it funds their activity?
@symowain anyone who knows the business acumen of the Somali knows that  you can never outfox them in a business deal. UN doesn't know lol
@symowain To/from the port/ forest? Of course to spite our own we pick on from the port...
@symowain Of course if they levy from the forest, how would that be complicit?
@symowain then the internal logic doesn't add up. Is the levy by AS done at the port or from the forest points where they reign?
@symowain many questions abound about that oft quoted report. Any UN report relies on local input. When it was written was S Som accessible?
@symowain And you surely believe all that is written in the papers? A week ago I serialized glaring inconsistencies in security reporting!
20 years after I read this book, it is still a novelty! 
The internet is also a medium of radicalization. In Austria around 150 young men who are in ISIS did not erstwhile share Islamic faith.


#KenyansAgainstExtremists 

@bettywaitherero 

We can benchmark our efforts, we should whip all in this endeavor!
I wonder where the media source their experts...mine have explained graphically #AfricanSkies 
I have some heaviness in the chest....#A&amp;K
Self-pity party isn't my kind of jig...
At what point is chemotherapy not necessary? 
Would an oncologist self-prescribe chemo if they were sick? 
And when would they pass?
God forbid! Look, devolved health services have gone south!  
@SpryVoice @paulachar Change comes when 'bado mapambano' and 'we shall overcome' is intoned and sung by the right people from their gut. No?
@SpryVoice @paulachar There is an exception to the positive rule with political constructs perhaps. Defiance and liberation sells!
The global village I live in...2015 
@bettywaitherero Easy, I will just invoke #God to #OkoaKenya...Bring down the walls!
@bettywaitherero Don't offend, there is something in many of us that does not like a wall.. As we erect many walls by that dislike!
@bettywaitherero @NiNanjira 
@bettywaitherero @NiNanjira What wall are you discussing really? Lol...
Equally change will be nurtured when no one will ever intone 'Tawala Kenya, Tawala ..' Key is eternal vigilance to complacency!
For as long as political leadership is the golden gate to riches, elective democracy is the best packaged lie of societal transformation!
Change will come when 'bado mapambano' and 'we shall overcome' is intoned and sung by the right people from their gut..
I am yet to understand the disrespect, venom, entitlement and snobbishness assumed and owned by young leadership in this country!
In many ways, elective democracy in Africa is about perpetuating the interests of a political class for their own economic empowerment!
A poor Turkana, a poor Pokomo and a poor Kikuyu are all the same. It is the rich Maasai, rich Kamba and rich Burji that are different!
In a country where the focus is who is at the top of the pyramid and not how many are at the base. There is need for serious civic education
@SpryVoice @paulachar Great convo, how about a construct like #OkoaKenya?
@SpryVoice @paulachar I always wonder whether the legendary 'Jee huu ni ungwana' and 'road-hog' pieces have any positive change appeal?
@paulachar @SpryVoice Granted, it is in the complex situations that it fits best because of the political undercurrent it draws. No?
In behavioral change messaging. Positive constructs are more effective. #SayYestoXenophilia vs #SayNoToXenophobia @paulachar @SpryVoice No?
@calestous @JulieGichuru Preaching? I was on message- Attitude - behavior. If you fix the economics without that, what gives?
@JulieGichuru is there a way we can put things in the positive and propagate #xenophilia? Methinks #NoToXenophobia sounds political. No?
@murigikamande If you call yourself  a sycophant, it is well in line with the constitution. It is what we replaced patriotism with! Lol
Cold milk and a ripe banana before sleep is my magic hypnagogic pill...
I don't think they have the brainwave to discuss in-vitro fertilization. <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
#RestDay. Rest is part of exercise. Muscle regeneration, healing and recuperation...
After so many efforts to forget, to refrain from loving and thinking, the entire edifice collapses.
~j timerman
I hope Kisumu today is the future of politics in Kenya. It is high time the electorate reclaimed its power and charted its destiny!
We have to define what leadership means for us...the 2010 constitution is only working to perpetuate a rich elite and  dependent followers!
And here we are in Kenya thinking that the panacea for our woes is change of leadership. Look around we even have rich MCAs mashinani!
How many elections have been held in Africa for the average 60 years of independence? Did it all translate into a better life for all?
Gaddafi must turn in his grave seeing what has become of his pet nation. Who said that change of leadership translates into prosperity?
Is there any welfare state in Africa? Libya would have been the first, but France was too keen to nip this in the bud. All for a debt!?
I have become a select skeptic, the only thing Buhari might do is to bring back the Chibok girls, which will be good enough. Africa!!
The desperation that makes these immigrants sit on an open-deck boat in the high sea is suicidal. Why Africa? I moan and I am angry too!
#BackTuesday Straight-laced back with wing fold target. Power, consistency and instructors malice combined. #HIIT
Prayer request just in. Sr Stefani Tiefenbacher. 87 yrs old nun. Defiled and murdered last night in MarianHill, Ixopo, South Africa.
The patients story is the best book I ever read....nothing, nothing beats it! I hope one day I shall pen my care-giving experiences!
There is nothing that uplifts me like being by the side of the patients bed and listening to them. This morning was special, a miracle too!
When there is such a denial, what would be the proper thing for @dailynation to do, affirm that he is lying or the paper got it wrong! No?
How come no one is talking of the documentary?It didn't have the shock effect punch. The anchors advertised it like a new dip in the village
Then comes Burundi and Togo and elections brew trouble for Africans. Why are we this way?
Next time someone calls you a sycophant, it is well in line with the constitution. It is what we replaced patriotism with!
Never apportion it to intelligence what should have been nurtured by good upbringing ~MusaSays!
If TV serves the public good, Garissa attack which left so many traumatized should be reason why #TerrorForetold should avoid innuendo!
@paulachar Worse, the timing and packaging is deficient in sensitivity of the magnitude of loss and the gravity of trauma.
Kenya media houses compete to be the first to break the news, well, when you make documentaries in haste, you risk to distort the story.
Take time to make a documentary. Invest. Sample your sources well. The more incognito persons you have, the lesser the credibility!
A proper documentary is like making a lesson plan. Re; by the end of this, the viewers should....you jumble and juxtapose scenes for a plot?
Fact, the journos were not after Halima. They happened to be at the roadblock, there was a scuffle, filmed it, made a plot #TerrorForetold
The last 'man' standing, Sudan, at 40 yrs  is out of the breeding game..And a foolish poacher will want to have his horn as an aphrodisiac!
I think that law-abiding Kenyan is an oxymoron...No?
#JitimaiLaUgaidi What did this documentary set out to achieve? The story line is so jumbled and inconclusive.
One hour of ultimate muscle tension....
Chest beckons to balance the soreness from the lower body. Heavy, HIIT, Short-intervals. #ChestMonday
And once upon a time, Mwiti happened! What happened?
#Yemen should worry the world...The (single humanitarian ) donation by Saudi of $274 M notwithstanding!
@MediaMK Whatever happened to objective factual reporting devoid of innuendo and hyperbole! @dailynation
When you follow through this Garissa attack by @dailynation, you are left with more questions than answers!
@dailynation contributor and apparently authoritative take! 
@dailynation Yet another one! 
Another @dailynation take! ( dizzying) 
@dailynation On such a sensitive matter, numbers were thrown and no follow up to date! 
@dailynation April 8 ( Fred Mukinda again, yet another version) 
@dailynation on April 5th had this take! 
@dailynation April 14th. ( This one brings a totally new dimension) 
@dailynation on April 13th. Another take. 
@dailynation April 12. Another version 
3 
@dailynation April 10th take. 
There are many versions that have been written over this tragedy. It leaves you wondering whether the editors follow through a story.
2
Something got me thinking about the Garissa attack coverage by @dailynation  today. Having listened to the survivors of the tragedy.
1
I narrated that story of the dead man walking in Kiambu. I have never seen such laughter in @StPaulsChapel in a long time!
@SpryVoice No on the preacher bit, and yes... Looking forward to the honor!
@SpryVoice I am Mubea, and I still want to audit your class.
You can now understand why it was so difficult to believe that Christ had risen from the dead. <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY> Why do guys doubt I am Padre?
He called out " Wee, ni wewe ulikuwa huko!?" The guy looked back and retorted in kikuyu "Kwa mamako!!!" The attendant got confused.
9
To proof the case he ran on the back route from the hospital. He spotted the guy walking, clad in the red shirt he had seen. 
7
The doctor and nurses ran to the morgue. Luckily the guy had left. The attendant had noted the spot he was lying on. 'I swear he was here'6
the morgue attendant opened the door and the guy sat up. He too was drunk, he ran to the hospital acclaiming "wamefufuka huko"
5
'Wanjiku, why are you so cold!" He later realized what was happening. He prayed the rest of the night in fright. In the morning...
4
He regained consciousness at night from the morgue slab. He touched the body lying next to him. He thought it was wanjiku, the wife.
3
He was taken to Kiambu district hospital at night. The doctor on duty was too drunk. He pronounced him dead. He was wheeled to the morgue
2
This is a true story. 25 years ago, this man got grand mal fit. I suspect he also had diabetes. He used to take one too many.
1
@Nymmoh Correct!
@PadreMusa I am happy he was found.... The pain in the mum was palpable! 
@PadreMusa 
So according to @dailynation the terror attack in Garissa took 16 hours. Pray, how did the KDF soldiers get killed and injuries..
A secret meeting of three makes a headline and a hollow piece...What did we do to deserve this genre of journalism?
Nyasaye Ber...
Paranoia is an illness 
Metanoia is salvation
Cynicism and stoicism are forms of despair.
Life is good, tears are redemptive! 
May it break!
@Nicxso walk bare, you will know, the soul needs a sole...lol
@Nicxso If you have worn shoes all your life...Easy to make that conclusion.
How will I talk of the soul in such soles? Lol 
Some people are like sugarcane. Even when they are squeezed, completely squashed, reduced to pulp.All they yield is sweetness. Dom H Camara.
But to be loved in ones badness, that is tremendous.
2
It is amazing to be loved in ones weakness and sinfulness. To be loved in ones goodness is no big deal. 
1
@Nymmoh yes, the few with fictitious claims shied away with the verification process from the University records. That helped a lot.
If it is for the handshake they stop the cars, I think they should do it for all. It is the best PR exercise for the police service.
And then the vehicles that get to be stopped are public service vehicles where the drivers get a hearty handshake from the policemen!
When you take 800 Kms on the road and not a single roadblock stops you for inspection in these days of terror. You wonder what may go wrong!
@Pontifex To the Kenyan bishops , "Let us speak freely, even if it is me, criticize me!" @GabrielDolan1 @ZakxMutugi
The gym today has pumped in my system a choleric hormone!
I brought my gut to the gym, the weather has set wind under my arms and legs! #HIIT #LegendWorkout
This the weather the gym bird perches on HIIT tree....#MoreFire #madnessgalore
@DickensOlewe Thanks.
@SpryVoice is there any research done?
Yes, the hotel serves matoke for breakfast <BANANA><BANANA>
Mashinani governors seem to be working... So we are settled having a large population of young healthy men doing boda boda business?
Kisii mornings and it's healthy looking population. What local brew do these guys take?
@paulachar Context...To a caregiver (like me), that is sacrilegious.
@BBCAfrica I am still thinking, if this was a local production, it would come with a tinge of fear factor. Yes, sound, voice and hyperbole!
Culturally, is ISIS remotely comparable to the crusades or the 60 hippies? @SpryVoice
While ICC looks the other way, Assad reigns, and the focus is the ISIS and Houthi rebels.  
@SpryVoice Yet, this defies, the more things change, the more they remain the same... This is a flux, I dare not call it novelty!
@SpryVoice The ground shifted, right under our feet...or as the Chinese would say, you may go up, the wrong wall...
@SpryVoice Ouch!
@SpryVoice how so?
This is how you exult the valor of your soldiers!  
In the first place, by example." @Pontifex
"The church must take a prophetic stand in the defense of the poor and against all corruption and abuse of power. She must do so first...
1
@GabrielDolan1 See how the message is lost in interpretation. "Tells Kenyan bishops be...' 'The Kenyan church must always be...'
"I think most especially of the men and women killed in Garissa university college on Good Friday, May their souls RIP" @Pontifex
@GabrielDolan1 'The church in Kenya must always be true to her mission as an instrument of reconciliation, justice and peace!' Exact words!
Ugali, white. Mbuzi, bones, greens, not ndelema, kales... Overcooked. How now, I was told this is the star hotel around!!!
Everyone in this place is taking Guinness... My ugali order.... I hope it will be millet!
And I am using the Kisii county wi-fi. #fruitsofdevolution
Spending the night in Kisii county. Along the way I was impressed to see a Narok county ambulance attending to an injured biker.
What have experts weighed in about these #xenophobicattacks?
Off to Rongo... This is the only part of the republic I have never been. Polishing my dholuo in the meantime!
NO innuendo.  
@SpryVoice absolutely, in psychology classes, I have refused to be swayed to discuss theology other than when I am playing the devil!
@SpryVoice thanks for the tweets, my wonder is, culture, art, music and language does not move in the academia as 'popular theology' does!
Wangusi is The media person of interest! You may come up with a cure for Ebola, but you will not take his place. Mark this tweet <GRINNING FACE><GRINNING FACE>
What class documentaries are made of.  
The saddest thing about Som is, very few women are involved in the rebuilding of the society even after having faced the blunt of the war...
The pattern in Som since the ICU makes a very interesting history. Allegiances have always shifted while keeping the clan loyalty intact.
That is why I called bluff the SNA commander interview. How can a child perched on its mothers back talk of its own intelligence?
I repeat, Ethiopia fights and leave Somalia at will and pleasure. AS will hardly engage the Ethiopians. The boys smoke real Haile ganja!
As long as the international community does not invest in an integral infrastructure development in Som, AMISOM efforts will not add up.
And at what point shall we bear the blunt of seasoned child soldiers now adult on a commando leash? SS and Som comes to mind!
While we were busy singing 'Kenya is an island of peace', children of war were being sired. They are now of age to wage war!
It is a hard task to manage peace after war.
I love the library and the gym in equal measure. But I would rather be in the gym anytime, save for the soreness that follows it!
There is a day when your mind takes you to the gym, and when you take your mind to the gym. The results are way different!
Ceasefire call!
Padre Tucci RIP
Tenda mema nenda zako!
Ora et labore!

The monks know the secret, they don't feed on Hail Marys!

They pray, and work!
He wouldn't bother to do for us what we can do for ourselves...unless we are confessing our crass ineptitude.
I pray when the sea is calm and row when there is turbulence! 

#KenyaPrays
#KenyaRows
@murigikamande,beware of a naked man who gives you his clothes. (SNA commander) I can only warn you, not teach you!
Anyway, false humility is worse than pride!
Kindly, marinate in humility!
Who taught us virtual ethics to engage tweeps? Twitter wars are manifest pathology.
At the end of the day, all that matters is not what you spent sleepless nights over....
No you don't know.... Don't ever assume you can understand the secret emotions of the heart. The heart has wild ways the mind can't grasp!
When the role defines the person. The expectation is perched on an ideal.
Feeling fecund this morning. The classroom is poorer without me. Smug!
@murigikamande @TheStarKenya @MediaWatchKe Such convoluted stories only serve to hoodwink the ignorant..but mainly to boost sales!
@murigikamande @TheStarKenya @MediaWatchKe Show me one, a single town SNA holds. The militia is embedded and dependent on AMISOM troops!
Profound for caregivers!  
From Zimmerman and I see being Kikuyu has a silver lining!
I want to go to Zimmerman for a meeting. How do I navigate, sorry, aviate traffic from Ngong road? Should I do a Kidero walk?
Sometimes you have every reason to suspect that corruption does its rounds in the media houses!
Kenya for you, damn, do it, damn them, wata-do?
@bettywaitherero Why tell the truth when a lie is convenient and expedient? 

It always baffles me!
@SpryVoice
@bettywaitherero Why sell a fact while many would prefer a hyperbole?
#presspass our stories are often person-centered rather than issue-centered. Issues require research, that is not a forte for many journos.
@SpryVoice While at it s/he gets an indispensable attention!
The fulcrum of the Kenyan society is the politician. He always get the ringside seat in church, funeral, stadia, newsroom!
Does @KTNKenya and @StandardKenya see any conflict of interest when it's boss animatedly defends Boss?
I am still to meet a politician who makes sense while making an impromptu speech...And I have lowered my expectations to nadir!
Shall we have news that is analytical on what is said verbatim. Is there even an effort to go behind the story other than throwing innuendo?
There is, believe it or not, joy of being wrong!
When is the last time you met someone who looks you in the eye and says barefacedly, "I do not know!"
Why state a fact while many would prefer a hyperbole?
Why tell the truth when a lie is convenient and expedient? 

It always baffles me!
My gym instructor was happy to see me. The young man perfects his sadistic streak on me...but how did I become a masochist, surely?
How do I get gym nuts to use the word fecund more? 
I have failed  from the pulpit...<SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
I am back to the gym
That was a well deserved break.
Every move, every weight, feels tougher and heavier.
Roll on, the race is to the swift!
When you read up on the side-effects of a drug a friend is taking and you are livid with fear!
In Kenya, like Nichodemus, you go seeking for light in darkness.
What if we can't be helped, what if our penchant for lies and hatred pit us into inaction. What if, we sharpen the knife that will stab us?
The Chiromo sojourn has shed a lot of light on what the gaps and strengths are. A lot of goodwill is lost in the bureaucracy.
The word is preparedness, I am lobbying for all parishes to form disaster preparedness teams to respond in a structured and timely manner!
That moment you have a spill from the chalice and it all goes to the ciborium.... And you don't know what to think!
My best shot sermon for the day, 1730hrs!
Haki yetu police recruits! 

Nani alituroga?
A wounded healer, that's what I would sum up what I feel right now as I turn in.
@PadreMusa And if/should Somalia host Yemen refugees what will that mean to her own?
I am not sure whether #KOT is not part of systemic conspiracies to vent into inaction!
Even @AlJazeera is reporting the issue of refugees as a given. A roadside political statement is not a Kenyan government position! No?
With Yemen and Syria crisis, the humanitarian organization UNHCR is overstretched. Let us see how Daadab plays out.
@alaminkimathi That is a telling position. Care to elaborate?
Why does @ntvkenya create a mountain out of a molehill? A roadside political statement on refugees is not binding. Seethe on.
The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing. #AfricanWisdom
@IrunguPeter I pray it comes out as a healthy processed anger that can move people to hope and action!
@LarryMadowo That is a retired General who offers critique on the systems and policies,not blanket lynch criticism that a journalist would!
This week has had an implosion of emotions over the terror attack and my sojourn at Chiromo.I have incubated anger and tomorrow I will burst
I prepare my Sunday homilies on Tuesday,leave it to take shape with experiences of the week. The final thoughts are crafted on Saturday!
It got me thinking....What answer would I get if I was having this convo with one of our journalist?
Today I asked an American journalist why they don't put their military in bad light in the media. " they stand when we all can't!" Poignant!
I get a call that the con-lady was an imposter. There is one more at Chiromo....3 bodies out of the 5 identified. Only 2 bodies remaining.
At Chiromo I saw @robynleekriel and @vickyrubadiri doing what they do best!
Leaving Chiromo, only 4 bodies have not been positively identified. Families waiting.
Some Kenyans take the maxim, rising from the ashes, literally!
But you know, the lady was only doing what others do in a structured and acceptable ways, corruptly taking advantage of bad situation!
And the lady with the false claim ( my tweets last night) has not been to Chiromo today! I was right, she was a con!!!!
Dear editors, ask your columnists to submit two articles. That way you will not have to publish whatever they write to fill your papers.
The hashtag brigade starts a war, sets the agenda, rally #KOT into emotional warfare,hide, to ambush once more. Cyclic,sick but calculated.
It is not that we do not know what ails us, how we can get out of our mess, but like Pharaoh, we want to spend the night with the frogs!
It was nice to go home, but lonely after the nick. May the day break folks!<SUN WITH FACE>
The virtue to be disaffected
7
Moral somnolence
5
If I am only for myself, what am I?
Hillel
6
It is foolish to insist on living in harmony with one's conscience, so be it! 
Vaclav Havel
4
It is easy to talk about Kenya
It is harder to work for her
Harder still to die for her
But hardest of all to suffer for her
(Graffiti)
2
What I see, I have never seen. 
What I have felt and what I feel 
will give birth to the moment.
~Victor Jara~ Chile 1973
1
However it is always a learning experience. Life is beautiful and messy. AS will mess our beauty but our resilience and resolve shines!
16
People will always take advantage of situations like this. It is not just the economies of war at play. We also see the tyranny of folly.
15
It is not easy to listen to someone while having a hunch that they are phony. You wonder whether it is your space that is not right! 
14
During the Mtongwe ferry disaster, claimed bodies were left with hearse drivers in Mtito Andei when con(w)men dodged them! 13
I pray that I am wrong. I have never wished to be this wrong. I would hate to believe one would take advantage of such a situation...but
12
With all the inconsistencies, the priests who are not in the country, a ghost deacon. A 'death' of a neighbor through RTA.. I rest. 
11
He tells me, they don't have deacons at the moment. I tell her, that too doesn't add up. All the while, no eye contact, shifty.
10
That element throws me off balance. I get the name of the said deacon. Later, I excuse myself, make a call to the vocations director BGM
9
Another version, the priest sent a deacon and another lady to come and offer her support. They had an accident, the lady died. Sad.
8
I tell her that her story seems inconsistent. Trauma can make one confused. Is there a way she could tell me it all. She says yes.
7
I go back to the lady, she is now with another lady, who says she is Busia's governor rep. They are having an animated talk. Mum on me.
6
I go to the officials, say, they have no record of the said student from the university records. They are glad as a priest I could help.
5
I call an Irish missionary who tells me that Fr Dennis retired to Ireland 10 years ago. Fr Lincent 2 years ago, a 85 yr old man
4
She talks of her sister being sponsored by Fr Dennis O'connor and Fr Lincent. She didn't have any of their numbers. She had no ID
3
She hails from Busia, Sirimba parish. They were looking for a priest and I happened to be there. I empathized with her loss. 
2
I dealt with a very tricky case today at Chiromo. A counsellor who had doubts about a lady claiming that she couldn't find her sister. 
1
By this evening, 55 bodies had been released to the families. 6 bodies have not yet been identified.( my source at Chiromo 5pm)
Media houses should stop using AS pictures, images and videos forthwith. @citizentvkenya @KTNKenya @ntvkenya
Buffing the tweets of the day at Chiromo....
That moment you wish and pray you are wrong...please!
My antennae is up.... I had to corroborate with another's gut feeling!
@WamuyuK I have to talk with him to understand where he was coming from!
I have seen the man who used the word "don't die like cockroaches!"
@SpryVoice Thank you.
@SandeZack Sorry, awaiting the apt translation from @SpryVoice... Too profound, the meaning I have is adulterated!
If OleItumbi had been to Chiromo, he'd know kwī hīndī ya itherū na kahīndī merūka!
Kwī hīndī ya itherū, na kahīndī merūka.

@SpryVoice Apt translation?
To hell with self-care, self-preservation... There never was Alexander the average!
A key component in disaster management is communication. You may rescue people, when your communication is poop,you flood them with anger!
Off to Chiromo. I managed a few hours of sleep. Feeling combative somewhat!
My job description does not include defending God. I would certainly do a very poor job, I don't even pretend to give it a try!
The opposite of a false statement is a false statement, but the opposite of a profound truth can be another profound truth.~Niels Bohr #wars
As the Greeks would say, on the eve of battle it is hardest to be alone!
Sometimes, it gets very lonely here, especially when you realize that mediocre is a standard! #MoralLoneliness
Defend at all cost that sacrosanct space in you. Do not suffer fools gladly and for heaven's sake, take no prisoners! #musing
I get this feeling that we are in a car whose engine has knocked and wheels come out yet we are  busy arguing about the leather seats!
@bellelinde Whatever happened to silence!
I need the Ninth gift of the Holy Spirit, sleep! How can I go on this way?
No, it is the madness of the solitary mind that disturbs the entire nation. It is not enough to say that the nation moved on!
How about when the cheerleaders cannot tell the difference between the solitary and the disturbed mad mind?
What happens when the madness is choice, norm and solitary?
'When the madness of an entire nation disturbs a solitary mind, it is not enough to say the man is mad.' Francis Imbuga
The thought of this mother looking for her son #AyubNjau since Saturday will make me go to Chiromo tomorrow.
#Pray&amp;Work
A switch from #OpinionCourt to #JKL and you know we need structured interviews. Precentorship is not interviewing!
Whatever manicured Anne Kiguta. She no longer has claws on her guests. #OpinionCourt
Oh Mbandi, Oh Murkomen...If these are the face of young leaders. We are cooked. Deep fried! #OpinionCourt
Very invigorating evening. Fecund exchange with a very sharp Ethiopian. Insights on security and why AS would never dare enter there!
@Atetwee I know that, to diffuse labeling and objectification that would propagate trauma. Small numbers spread would be ideal...
He is organizing a memorial mass for our #147isnotjustanumber in Salzburg, Austria.
Austria has about 150 young men in ISIS. The latest nabbed had wounds but was hard to extract info from him. They'r lured through the net!
A priest from Austria tells me that UN has released a report that it is lost on what to do with the young w/men in ISIS.
How many pieces does a broken heart take?
The moment you pray for rain and carry an umbrella!
"@wmnjoya there's no society without an ideology. It's just that ideology that suits capitalist interest, is called values and human rights"
Insomnia day 2 pap
#JKL How will the turmoil in Yemen impact on Somalia. I bet things don't look too bright for the war on terror.



Revolution is not evolution. As Jesus put it, you cannot put new wine in old wineskins!
We are way too frustrated by our own ineptitude and mediocrity. Little wonder we play catch up with the enemy!
Our problem lies not in the unwillingness to change but our inability to change!
Would it not be better to spread the affected students in all public universities? What informs the decision to put them in one Uni?
That is a new one, @Fchurii, sensible sense...it is actually gut tweets, glad you find them critical and thought provoking!
The morgue at Chiromo is not for the faint hearted. To see the First Lady enter there is what every leader should! That is Mama Taifa!
That awkward moment when you doubt whether knowledge is power...!
And the newspapers and newsmen craft stories and use images that will boost sales while ION, pontificate on corruption. Sawa tu!
I will never forget the sight, the wails and the smell of Chiromo.
A large part of me will carry it to my deathbed.
Never, as long as I live
Then you are angry and then you are hopeful. Then you see your leaders coming in with menacing bodyguards! 
Then you don't know what to be!
If we want to fight graft, we should go to Chiromo to have the feel of death and its stench. Then see the pain and agony it causes!
Pope Francis said the other day, corruption stinks, yes, corruption is death, and death stinks.
@VitaCatholic We could venture into the dark blue sea...
@ythera I don't know, will our violence be better than theirs when we 'snuff them out?'
25. I am numb
      I am angry
      I am somewhat lost
I need peace
I need a hug
     Sleep!
24 When the students who survived say their prayers,will they thank God for saving them? What will that mean, knowing of their dead friends?
22. How does one shoot innocent kids whose only thoughts of guns is toy guns and movies. How? What "God" is glorified by such acts?
21. I don't do horror movies, I can't even stand Hollywood Stuff, yet today, I wished it was a surreal. How can one commit such savagery?
20. When we think of 147 students shot, we think of some surgical operation with the gun. Our minds refuse to process the savagery act!
19. There are many things to report on such a day, it is not just the tears and wails...behind the tears is love!
18. There are things I never learnt in my philosophy, theology or counseling classes. Life has not even taught me enough valor to face such!
17. My people call a corpse 'Kīimba' meaning, swollen... That is what I saw, all the bodies are so swollen. Lifelessness is scaring!
16. I thought why do we chase things that do not actually matter. Why don't we invest in love, friendship, warmth, laughter and meaning?
15. I thought of Mother Teresa. Compassion and presence is all a grieving person needs!
14. You cannot walk that path of pain and anguish and not feel your heart swell with discomposure. "Where was God?" has kept striking.
13. A mother who has not yet identified her son #AyubNjau clasped my hand telling me that I have to assist her. I did what I could do.
12 At around 4pm, a colleague priest came. I took him to the reception area to see the photos. He was dumbfounded. Later to the morgue.Sick!
11. Everyone I met seemed to be of very humble means. Many of the families registered for free accommodation. Most are from upcountry!
10. I marveled at the symbiotic relationship of media and politicians. Equally, the menacing body guards protecting them from the bereaved!
9. At Noon the politicians came. They waved at the media and all went to the registration desk of donation. Then an elaborate presser!
8. The Sonko rescue team, Redcross, Women's guild, hordes of volunteers, well wishers and many donors bringing water, sweets, snacks etc
7 Respect for the morticians, pathologists and policemen who were inside the morgue all day. The stench of formaldehyde and decomposition!
6. It was not my place to tell them that there is no bush in Garissa. I suspected that the 40 bodies yet to be claimed held the answer.
5 I got to talk to many who in the morning had not identified their beloved. Naturally, they were talking of escape in the bush. Tricky!
4 People grief in different ways. Dirges, cries and many fainted. While the cameras were trained on them, it is those who were mute I saw!
3. A counsellor asked me to join them. Their task was to accompany families to accompany families to identify the bodies in the morgue.
2. Being in a collar, it made it easy for those angry with God to confront me and to broker trust with ease.
1. This will be random thoughts about my day spent at Chiromo today. I got there at 9.30 and left at 5pm. An avalanche of emotions!!
@citizentvkenya That story about the missing person was compiled at 10am. By the time I left 5pm, I saw that that family had identified him.
#jinamizilaugaidi  how can @KTNKenya run such a documentary? 
Fodder for Al Shabab. I am gutted!
That is a day that I will have to make 'examen' tweets.
Let me shower and change the fragrance! 
#AdayatChiromo
Florence Mtinge....Romana Chelagat ( being called now) the names behind #147isnotjustanumber
@IrunguPeter @WanjeriNderu You should have said hi! I was the only one in a collar...<GRINNING FACE>
Announcement, body 617.... Meaning that there are bodies not identified so far!
Commendable work by @SonkoRescueTeam at Chiromo. Tents, service and litter collection. A+
Grief must be accompanied by the delicate balance between trauma and closure. ( things that I did not learn in class)
GOK will meet the funeral expenses. 142 coffins ordered. TPT, 100k courtesy of the University to each family.
Final press release underway!
I have looked for my son and he is not there. I wish I have would have identified him by now .( a cry for closure)  #AyubNjau
After the post-mortem, they will issue the death certificate. Then families will be informed when the bodies will be released!
GOK and KenyaRedcross will cover. A standard coffin and body transportation to burial site and morgue expenses!
The cameras now are on politicians. Sonko rescue team standing strategically. Media and politicians have a symbiotic relationship!
"We have not found our son, we still believe that he is in the bush"

A parent has just told me this. Sobs!
And politicians are here with bodyguards in tow! Jesus..
Heartbreaking to see how our reporters train their cameras. 
Everything now makes sense...!
Busia, Bungoma and Kakamega counties will assist the families to transport the dead.
"We were in denial all along. We started the search in KNH. We had not entertained the thought of Nyambura in the morgue. She was a gem!"
A priest who has educated Jane Nyambura. His orphaned niece, is standing with me as he shares his pain.
She was in 2nd year!
The families that haven't identified the bodies. They work with hope that they are alive. When they do, they are shattered!
Brief. 98 bodies ready for post-mortem.
Chiromo day 2.
What are the enduring images of 9/11, Peshawar, recent Charlie Hebdo attacks? 
Why does our media amplify fear, despair and pain? #Presspass
Is there a way the media can cease to be a megaphone for terrorists?
Are there images that can evoke resilience and humanity? #PressPass
#PressPass on it!
That moment you flip through local  prime news channels and wonder. What is the raison d'être!
Try to think like a terrorist for once, you would love our media houses! @KTNKenya
@KTNKenya has played a clip that AS made for Mpeketoni attack in explaining who the lawyer was. This is dastardly insane! @bettywaitherero
At Chiromo today, I saw the face of despair and pain. 
But I also saw the web of unity and support that is the mark of a Kenyaness!
CNN is guilty for encrypting the image of the heroic firefighters lifting a flag as the enduring image of 9/11
We taunt our KDF/Recce!
When #FarahMaalim talks about Recce finishing the job in 10 minutes and saving 90% of hostages,is that the whole story? @AJEnglish
At Chiromo. Tears!
No parent should ever bury their child!

Not to a heinous terrorist act!
And when 'security experts' wax lyrical about economics and unemployment.. The terrorist profile emerge, a lawyer and son of a chief!
"Leaders aren't good because they are right, they are good because they are willing to learn and to trust"
Americans when they meet boys who have come from war( veterans) they say, "Thank you for your service!"
War does not have a simple knit truth.
"Security experts" remember every viewpoint is a view from a point.
It is natural, when anything goes wrong, we look for someone to blame.
But it is noble to countercheck what our source of our reality is!
Even to a veteran, battle hardened soldier, while facing a suicidal lunatic, their adrenaline dries!
Appreciate the soldier who faces a suicidal lunatic whose belief is that dying is gain. When you talk of Recce, you miss the human being!
Any organizational psychologist will tell you that a soldier does not listen to an expert, they listen to those dyed in the wool by war!
Watching Hollywood war movies does not make one an expert. 
Pontificating on economics and radicalization does not either!
When we cannot explain the millions that police honchos have accumulated over the years. Then sanitize it with hard-work. We are jokers!
Soldiering is so sacred to be seen in terms of gain and too demanding to be seen in terms of duty!
Let us humanize security. Have you ever reported anything in a police station in this country? If you have, then you know why no one would!
There are so many parents who have had their sons 'missing', they know that they are in Somalia but they have never reported to authority!
And while we are looking for a shade, hue and orientation of who the enemy is, let us wake to the fact that we could all be wrong!
The security dynamics in asymmetrical warfare is very complicated. The self-assurance that these 'experts' trade is questionable!
These 'security experts' I would want to read their publications. Or how are they experts?
@symowain Death is so personal and individuated. The closest I come to that is when in some patients it is the ultimate healing!
This is the time to unfollow all the muggins, nerds and those who RT without second thought!
We shall overcome!
I believe
Deep in my heart
We shall overcome!
I wish I would tweet what I have seen, heard and synthesized....you would understand my disgust with security experts!
God, that was horrid. Never seen such trauma in my years of ministry!
@Pontifex on Kenya after #GarisaAttack 
Corruption breeds a seamless bleed.
The pain is localized 
This pain is real
The pain of loss
The pain of helplessness,
despair! 
angst...
Fear is rot. A waste of time!
152 gone!
Journalists should exchange pens for M4s, cameras for grenades. 
We've the best security experts in them, they'd be invaluable in this war!
@TheNjoroge I am aware of that, but they are impregnable (by terrorists! ) and that's my point not their domestics issues!
@TheNjoroge Young man, I tweet facts, when you take my tweets and run with your interpretation, what are you up to?
When we benchmark with Ethiopia and Rwanda, they have their 'known knowns'. Incorruptible police force n immigration and vigilant citizens!
The way of the cross will make lots of sense tomorrow. 

#147younglivesonthecross
Tears.... Tears.... Tears! 

147 young lives killed!
Oh my... 147 lives lost!?
I have seen people grieve, I too have. The question we ask is "WHY!"..

It is not a search for a logical answer. It is a search for meaning!
Of course I have many questions, voicing them will be insensitive. For now my heart grieves for the 70 young souls. The pain is palpable!
In the pyramid scheme of Justice, strive to remain at the base!
Truth sets you free, the corollary must pertain that anything less than the truth makes you a prisoner.
Mwiti, they finally get to ease your trauma of innocence if you are guilty. You cannot buy your innocence, only the truth will set you free!
Why do Kenyans use "might be!" It has never sounded right... Is it?
@ManwaMagoma @MediaMK I wish you would retain the people who beam that principle!
@ManwaMagoma @MediaMK with @KuisanMacharia and @VinieO gone, there isn't much #SenseOnAir either! No?
You mean every radio breakfast show must have a clown? 
It is downright annoying. How did we degenerate to this, surely!
@bellelinde I hope this is an April fools day prank tweet! No way!
Come on guys, give Goodluck Jonathan some credit. Who said he would not concede defeat? He has lived true to his name, good luck to....him!
Oscar Romero and now Dom Helder Camara? Is Pedro Casadaliga and Tisa Balasuriya still alive?
If only the mosquitoes spared me as I make the final touches on my talk! 
I am willing not to double clap on you...
@SpryVoice I would love to peer at the costings/ fees though!
@SpryVoice and there is no provision of deceleration and acceleration lanes? Is there even enough space to take such enormous traffic?
@SpryVoice So, the intended cross-sections whose designs are being incubated will be like Yaya? Moving nywee..!
An hour into the news, @citizentvkenya announce Buhari's win. The only allegiance to Nigeria is clearly the Naija movies! <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
How do we perfect corruption skills so well yet it is not in any syllabus/ curriculum I know? We overvalue education!
We should interrogate the rule of presumption of innocence before being proven guilty on corruption related charges?
If corrupt, in church, you get the front pew, in traffic, outriders, in court, best lawyers, in elections, highest votes.In news, sanitized!
It is time we shifted the narrative of corruption from retributive/labeling/defense model to confession, AA type model!
But honestly, how much money is enough for one individual?
It is an understatement that corruption fights back. No, the corrupt are vicious, they will do anything to protect their loot!
Let us all admit, we can't fight corruption. Our DNA is edged with dishonesty.
The basic care-giving disposition is humility!
Everyone has ever had a terminally ill patient. You will be surprised how there was uninformed care. How good we were at doing a bad job!
The patient bed is not a pulpit. It is not a cross either.
The patient preoccupation is not heaven/hell. Their focus is their life as is!
While counseling skills might aid you with sensitivities, care to the terminally ill is not a counseling session. Cut the psycho babble!
Don't push your faith, fears, needs or agenda to a patient! 
Often the care-giver has more inner work(self-discovery) to do than the patient
The golden rule is, what would you like me to do? Are you in a position to engage in a discussion? Remember, it is what the patient needs!!
If you are afraid of silence, you have very little value to add to a terminally ill patient. Learning to commune with the silence is key!
The best disposition around the terminally ill patient is an attentive presence and availability.
Religion and spirituality is a very tricky affair around the terminally ill. It should not be introduced like a miracle drug!
Another talk due for delivery tomorrow! 
" Questions and disposition around the terminally ill patients "
@EricNgeno This guy is smart. The power of good education! #Presspass
@ntvkenya even had a question for its viewers! 
Fact; Anything that hits the newsroom after 4 PM cannot be the lead item with all the embellishment yet it is an event for July!
A press conference at 4pm. Obama is coming. 9 o'clock news. Obama visit. What else was lined up for news? Yet no mention of Nigeria polls!
I insist, Nigeria should be the lead item in the news!
When the rich politicos talk about the rule of law. One realizes that they do not fear the judicial system in Kenya. Why should they?
@bellelinde @NationFMKe Broadcasting such is the height of folly. Indeed a callous, inept and unreflective editor sleeping on the job!
@dailynation Whose interest is served when you run such stories? What public good and decency do you uphold? Anyone, educate me!
When @dailynation gives a voice to Nyota Ndogo and Mary Wambui. NMG needs a policy on how to report rape. The balderdash is nauseating!
Indifference abounds everywhere in so many ways and various levels 
A dialogue around indifference would be a good start to healing! 
8
The opposite of art is not ugliness but indifference
The opposite of life is not death but indifference 
7
Elie Wiesel talks about the perils of indifference. 
He says, the opposite of love is not hate but indifference.  
6
His face was indifferent to the spectacle. To the pain, to anguish. At this point he realized why he wanted to go and meet this man!
5
His face was gazing out, reflecting no pity, no pleasure, no shock, not even anger or interest. Impassive, cold impersonal 
4
He could understand the brutality of the prison guards, and executioners. What he couldn't understand was the spectator. 
3
He is on the top floor peering through the window at the 1000s of Jews being herded into the death trains.
2
It is a story of Michael, captured by the Nazis, thrown into the concentration camp in Auschwitz. He sees a man he calls a spectator! 
1
My homily inspiration today was Elie Wiesel book. "The town beyond the wall" #PalmSunday
Is there a Local TV station that sent reporters to Nigeria to cover their polls? Ouch, that is too much to ask. Sorry!
@Olez He is the Jeremy Clackson of NTV. Mta-do?
Wasn't Yemen supposed to be the poorest country in the Arab Peninsula? These Houthi rebels....
Nigeria should be the lead item in the news or are we busy deodorizing our skunk?
The guns should now be directed to the judiciary and its head. 
I am sorry, the DPP doesn't inspire me much, I won't waste my bullets!
The donkey comes across as an eschatological animal trying to sing Hosanna... To this day, it only manages Ho...Ho...Hos then Brrrr!
Palm Sunday!
Wake me up when we get a blue-print OF fighting corruption.
Is a GNU a possibility in Nigeria?
@ZakxMutugi @SpryVoice I know, and the way we reary reary mean werro!
@SpryVoice Kuwa mpole...!
Again, when does Nigeria polls become news in Kenya? #NigeraDecides
Why do our journalists find it trendy to compile serious stories from interviewing people on the streets. Isn't this the height of laziness?
@MutahiNgunyi What is with this tyranny of silence?
This is a powerful statement.... 

We cannot not hurt each other!

And that is love.

My talk done!!
When William Blake said "If a fool would persist in his folly, he would become wise!" He hadn't met a few guys I know!!
A country can do with a bad legislature and even a worse executive. I don't know of any country that survived with a rotten judiciary!
So the doctor carried out the HIV test but there was no rape? 
Then Mwiti runs to court to seek what orders?
@Olez His inconsistent public statements was his own self-staged trial, conviction and guillotine!
Yes @Olez, it cannot be privilege, it must be excruciating discomfort of playing innocent if he is guilty as charged!
This perfected art of treating the rich and powerful offenders with kid gloves paints the police and judiciary in very bad light.
Mwiti! At what point does justice start to be seen to be done? Its wrong for him to go through the trauma of being innocent if he is guilty.
P; No one has gulped the hemlock?
Q; No one sir! 
P; Ok
Q; They've said, they'd rather die than resign!
P; I shall uproot them myself!
I'm searching for the right fuel for tomorrow's talk.

I've too many novel ideas. Not sure I will fly with any.

Extemporaneous will be it!
The most populous nation in Africa goes to the polls tomorrow. Strange that the government has captured Boko Haram Hqs, on the eve! Ngai!
Who will drink from the poisoned chalice!?
Mutuma Mathiu's pithy description of Jeremy Clackson as 'a 54 year old boy who refused to grow' has made my day!
It was sad to see my former classmates tongue tied over a yes/no answer.
One made epistemology class fun with his witty and pithy comments!
Corruptio optmi pessima!
If you want power, balance, stability and form. You have to be thorough with your #Legday #LegWorkout
I think many parents went to the same college of parenting. They had the same script in many ways!
It is in those state of the family address that he also made us feel responsible for his hard work and pity ourselves for his sacrifices!
In the state of the family address, my dad perfected the art of shaming and ridicule. The effect was compounded by sibling rivalry!
My dad had a state of the family address. Unfortunately, I was always the one on the receiving end.
I stayed out until dusk. On coming home, I said " I didn't want to look a fool to the shopkeeper!" I got a beating, not an explanation!
As a child, my uncle orders me to buy "mayai ya jogoo" I tell him cocks don't lay eggs. He fumes, I shop and leave out that item.
This young man, who is (my) mechanic used the word " ballpark figure!" #Kawangwarepoa
Sometimes I have this eerie feeling that Kenya is built on quicksand. { Yet I am a very positive person }
@Fchurii the last I checked the police vetting, we have entrusted our security on very wealthy police chiefs. They protect their kind!
And you leave men to investigate their own (rich man)  for rape and you expect no cover-up?
When will Nigeria polls make headline news in Kenya? #Nigeriadecides
What happened to the police on roller skates!? #LiesThatBind
I wish I had said no to this lecture...as my people would say, ' wega wa kahīī!'
Humiliation makes us deep. It can make us deep in understanding, empathy, and forgiveness or deep in resentment, bitterness, and vengeance.
How did we come to the point where local TV stations have no international news segment?
I missed it would be #TheChineseInvasion @alaminkimathi 
@christoffler No thanks, my take on this matter may draw me to discuss other issues that I would rather keep to myself. #nonconventional
@SpryVoice what jargon is that? At least the #TouchYourEar generation can touch the spelling and communicate! No?
When you have sheng, words like coz, b4, alwayz,in your exam scripts, then you know you are, Ticha ( as they all call out) #TouchYourEar
The lecturers nightmare is when the students question "Will that be in the exam?" then, "Ticha, give us the scope of the exam" #TouchYourEar
@SpryVoice everything is tied to the performance contract. Quality prequalified in the ISO-certification? Students on auto-pilot!
The mediocrity of #TouchYourEar has now been normalized with a performance curve! #tenpercentmustnotgetD
Today's, #TouchYourEar is now, #75%rule must pass. #standardizeexams, achieve a #normalcurve. #ConfrontingSystem @SpryVoice
And parliamentarians were at it again. Let the committee in charge visit the premise. #sittingallowanceglut
So the Chinese eatery had no county license. Oh Kidero, how many more business premises in Nairobi have no licenses?

Man is the only animal who knows that s/he must die - Erich Fromm
What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up like a raisin in the sun? - Hughes Langston
The sandwich generation.
Twitter, the tyranny of the id, the exhibitionism of the ego and the dearth of the superego! 
Add to the mix, cel(R)ebrity.
#Psychology101
Singapore is modest with the death of #LeeKuanYew, in Kenya, a politician dies and you think they had discovered the vaccine for Ebola!
@PadreMusa cc #PressPass @MarkMasai
I rely on the media on the Chinese eatery yet they do not follow up on DMS and CS health word about private hospital offer on radiotherapy!
@RookieKE well, that tweet has a context in my preceding tweets!
@RookieKE my standpoint is scapegoating! Psychological projection and possibility of reverse racism!
@mkibuchis_Mzito our bad is not bad enough, it is the 'foreigners' bad that is reprehensible! I see!
By hating on one Chinese restaurant, we forget our pet skunk, tribalism and corruption!
#NoBlacksHere is a hashtag that births in equal measure reverse racism #NoChineseHere
We overcome our differences and tensions by scapegoating someone or something. That's why we are one against a cause rather than for a cause
@RookieKE note, not a single media house followed the Nairobi hospital offer for cancer patients, the journos camped at the eatery!
When the media discusses the Chinese restaurant, millions of Kenyans will go to bed hungry. Not a mention of the looming famine!
Opinion shapers, our own Wodu Wokiri, the wag! That tweet was meant to be a joke. He forgot we don't do rape jokes! #NoMoreVictimBlaming
@SpryVoice @MwalimChurchill Education has a cure for celebrity invincible ignorance?
“It’s your own fault! If you had a better moral life you wouldn’t be in this situation.” 
This is the meta-narrative of blaming the victim!
@CitizenTVNews I hope you will send your journalists to Nairobi hospital to follow up on this disjointed narrative!
Let it rain, 
Let it rain! 
Open the floodgates of heaven
Let it rain
Let it rain!!!
I wonder why at a certain age, you have to go through a certain indignity of insomnia and a definite trip to the loo like a monk!
DMS says Nairobi Hospital has free offer for all patients.CS health said only 50 patients per week. What is what? @CitizenTVNews @annekiguta
#LearnedEnemies If Gold rusts, what will poor iron do?
"Corruption stinks, and the corrupt society stinks!" Pope Francis.
Letting people die for neglect of medical equipment is the worst violation of human rights.
#TransformingTreatmentKE 
Any government is judged on what it has done, not what it intends to do. Keep your good intentions on paper!
We let these government bureaucrats explain away things too easily and get away with it. We never ask the questions that matter most!
Radiotherapy oftentimes (FYI) requires 26-30 sessions daily. The 50 patients per week (Nairobi hospital) offer doesn't add up #CancerCrisis
@OleItumbi Did the CS say, Nairobi hospital will only take 50 patients per week?
You wake up in the morning, and you know, you had a leg-day yesterday! <THUMBS UP SIGN><THUMBS UP SIGN><OK HAND SIGN> #PowerTrip
If a Martian eavesdropped our news he would wonder whether, corruption is Kenya's legal tender! #GraftDiaries #CorruptionCentral
Teacher; What is irony?

Student; Irony is when EACC is housed at integrity centre.

#CorruptionCentral
When people die of preventable diseases/ neglect of medical equipment that is the most vicious violation of human rights! #CancerCrisis


One of my all time favorite writer.
@SpryVoice you go too easy on the legwork..I think being such a stubborn large muscle it needs vigorous attack and load!
@SpryVoice is it the rigor or is it your Achilles heel? ( no pun intended). Many by-pass it or give it a low deal!
That swap of exercise regime has pumped a lot of power in my lower body! Flexibility pays in a workout. The shock effect is very good too!
In my mind I was to have chest and triceps workout. Then my instructor says, no, let's have legwork! Phew! I have not had such thrill...
The thing is, they are highly specialized, have high volume of patients and they are under strict supervision and latitude. It's a team!
Talk to any unbiased medic and will tell you the Indian doctors are not tied by ethics and conservatism, they will do heroic stuff!
The investment that India has made in health is a marvel. For cancer, Cyber-knife technology is out of this world.
The onus is on the government to make a massive and comprehensive investment in health. You can't leave such a core role into private hands.
The few oncologist we have are well meaning but highly overworked. They hop from one hospital to another. Quality of care compromised!
When cancer has metastasized MRI/CT-scans cannot capture w precision one needs a PET-Scan. No local hospital has 
They also do not come cheap. The worst is when you are under insurance cover. Cancer leaves the family poor. Emotionally draining too!
When cancer has metastasized MRI/CT-scans cannot capture. One needs a PET-Scan. No hospital locally has it. How now? #CancerCrisis
#CancerCrisis In India, the model of private hospital is centered on specialization. The doctors work in teams. 6 oncologists on one patient
After the rot that India went through, they rose like the Phoenix, the only country to delink healthcare from elitism.  #CancerCrisis
@Olez @EAukot He is even reading a different script from IGAD about S. Sudan.
Wale waliokuwa wanaita marehemu shemeji wakaribie...
Many years after, I still do not understand this funeral photo session...
We should use the expertise of Kalonzo Musyoka. The quintessential diplomat to iron things out with Kikwete!
Nobody is exempt from this condition. It is always good to appreciate the intricate nature of societal evils. Context is also key!
to kids exist in the Paedophile because his/her childhood was stolen.
2/2
A Paedophile is sexually attracted to prepubescent child. The attraction has nothing to do with sex but a pathological sexual attraction
1/2
This deep seated trauma is part of the nature of the disease itself. This is why the disease is so convoluted bcs something awful caused it.
The axiom 'every abuser was first abused' has gained ground in psychology. Paedophilia is caused by massive trauma in childhood.
Like other alcoholism, it plays no favorites. It's not about willpower or someone who doesn't have sex acting out because of deprivation.
2. Paedophilia is not a celibate/ homosexual disease. It is a disease, pure and simple.!it cuts across all boundaries. Wo/men etc
Statistical fact, the disease is marginally lower among the clergy than it is among the larger population.
Work with statistic and fill in what percentage of priests we have in our society. In the West they are 0.01%. ( this is no excuse for them)
In effect, some form of sexual abuse is happening in every 4/5 house in Western world. That is alarming, petrifying in our context!
Sipe carried out a research where 1o.o 4/5 kids in Western world comes into adulthood with a scar of abuse.
Statistics, talk to any psychiatrist, 80% of all suicides are result of sexual abuse.
My take is, even the cases of cùcùs in our time.
1. Nothing scars, injures, violates, defiles the soul as sexual abuse.
It has an indelible scar, deep and permanent. 1
3 things need clarification about sexual abuse. 1. Effects of abuse on its victims
2. Prevalence of abuse 
3. Nature of disease paedophilia
Celibate chastity calls for an acceptance of our sexual nature. When we do not accept ourselves as sexual beings we can have fear and guilt.
A celibate has also to be chaste.they have to express their sexuality, relate to others only in appropriate ways to their state of life.
The experience of a true celibate is that of Jeremiah 20:7 You've seduced me.You have overpowered me, you are stronger...am a laughing stock
Celibacy is a freely chosen dynamic state, usually vowed that involves an honest n sustained attempt to live without sexual gratification.
A religious celibate chooses to do so for a spiritual motive. Celibacy may not make sense to those who cannot identify with that motive!
Celibacy in our day is not reserved for religious persons. I know scientists who have dedicated their life for particular cause eg. Research
Celibacy comes from the latin word. 'Celebs' meaning alone, single.Being single and not partnered is the heart of celibacy in literal sense.
While most people choose to be married, some choose to live celibate lives. A celibate lives an unmarried life. S/he is not coupled.
Following, tweets on celibacy, chastity, sexuality, successes and failures! &lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;
@symowain remember this 'married' to the church is a misleading analogy. Hence not sure 'divorce' is appropriate consequence
@RookieKE In 2010 Vatican issued new rules on how such crimes should be reported. 
@symowain I don't understand your question. You mean the priest married to the church is covered..?
@RookieKE and while there, let us appreciate how sick the society was and averse to integral human sexuality.
@RookieKE @symowain This is 2015, science comes in handy!
@RookieKE Is this a concrete case? There is no grace whatsoever, that is why it is categorized as a grave sin, in fact, scandal.
@RookieKE @symowain The priest bears personal responsibility. He is not an automaton!
@RookieKE every case is dealt on its own merit!
@RookieKE But there will be exception, and touching on human sexuality, will be wrought with failure. Integration not perfection is key!
@RookieKE Equally, the formation is permeated with academic rigor and psychological scrutiny hence clearer choice of the vowed state!
@RookieKE We know better as a society. The psychological space in the 70/80's is different. Punitive and corrective measures put in place!
@RookieKE loosely Mt 19:12
@RookieKE Yes, it is a vow where one renounces marriage for perfect expression of chastity.
@RookieKE 
Nyani ni wale wale!
The conspiracy of evil is not in the tyranny of numbers.... But the tyranny of ego and inaction from the political class!
I got this feeling that the intention of news is to sanitize and not to interrogate, name and shame evil.
Explain to me like a 6 yr old how Kidero walking to Kempinski is news and not the clogged jam, the CCTV fraud and the mess at City hall.
Beware of people who talk too much.
Unreflected, un-contextualized, high-voltage rhetoric...
The best talk walks
Yields 
Wins
#CorruptionCentral Is the retributive model take on corruption designed to fight or fuel corruption. It actually distributes the loot. No?
On Christ solid rock I stand
All other ground is sinking sand....
On this mountain...
The poignant dis-ease should be whether we really need this particular crop of politicians!!
Directing a retreat from now to Friday.
18 men on board.
Renewal, restoration, redemption.
'Aspiring for a space we have never experienced'
Dual(e)speak...!
So Jubilee/CORD/Tribe are variables amongst learned friends? Wonders will always increase. #okoalsk
Spring is coming....
David Ndii... Perhaps Jubilee should have shelved the GNU projects and start their own?
Early gym before the day unfolds. Combine shoulders and back exercises. A first, trial basis!
The right answer alone is not enough.
Should you live for your résumé or your eulogy?
#MPsForHire.....If gold rusts, what will poor iron do?
This palliative care diploma is 2000 Pounds. I am dying to do it. Why not! I am still generating interest for my PhD. #after40things
What key ingredient is needed for joy?
Is love the antidote to fear?
If gold rusts, what will poor iron do?
You think young is gold and fresh, then you see it rust!
The psychosis of leadership in this country in all sectors and institutions baffles me.
I can only warn you, not teach you, because of what you dream for. The gods have a way of punishing such pride. #GreekWisdom
Fate of Achilles,the greatest of Troy,that he must die young but with great glory. Choice, live long,die with no glory. #Ababu #GreekWisdom
Wealth in great quantities bring the crows #GreekWisdom
We are most alone when we are with the myths #GreekWisdom
@SpryVoice lesson learnt! Thanks.
@SpryVoice  lets take atīrīrī, when the /r/ is stressed, then /L/ sounding. Both are off, yet it is a sound that is neither /R or L/ that is
Ukrainian war tanks have this ominous look. #onmybucketlist
FYI, Kikuyus don't have a distinct R and L sound in their lingo.They have a middle sound in between 'RL', that is neither R or L @SpryVoice
#WrestlersOfNakuru RIP Engrish!
@GeoffKimani V-power, hooiye!
With my shoulders responding immensely well. It has forced me to rev up with the leg-workout. Even in the gym, choices have consequences!
@peterwakaba all those at the moment are not in place, and 2010 constitution with its Chapter 6 is a non-starter on corruption.
@AstronautKE But I hope you realize that you have run with your perception of what this convo was about!
@peterwakaba What/who deters corruption?
@RookieKE  With late bloomers, it is the Masters and PhD that matters! No?
@dailynation and while you thought counties were meant to prioritize, you get this!
@RookieKE Battle of weed, ahem, wits! (On a very light note) <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
I don't think the retributive model of addressing corruption is designed to fight or fuel corruption. It actually distributes the loot. No?
@SpryVoice @Olez And like Lazarus, the victors should do a voluntary reparation. 'Repay four times for anything ill gotten" ~price-balance~
I have heard people pontificate about corruption when they'd hardly pass a lifestyle audit with the wealth they command, hence, my AA prop.
@Olez @SpryVoice Bwana asifiwe!! No way! Jokes aside. We need to hear struggles,failures and victories from those who have said no!
What if we shifted the corruption narrative from finger pointing/ labeling to confessions, AA style? @Olez @SpryVoice
When did pyramid thinking get so entrenched in our system? So, mkokoteni is banned but not a word about VIPs bullies in traffic? #Kiderowetu
Is there anywhere in Nairobi where they offer hospice and end-care courses? #KOT
We shall overcome, someday!
@alaminkimathi or should I use Kidero's word, comprehensive!?
@alaminkimathi There is no city worth that name that does not have a massive public transport system!
And what happened to the 14 passenger vehicles policy? I see quite a number of new units on the road.
We should then look for a national corruption award. Various categories!
#PressPass anchored by @MarkMasai keeps on winning. It misses its panache when you are away!
On technical stuff, NMG with its best troops has lost the argument. Then, politics and intrigues comes to the fore...#PressPass
@blamuel_ndiema Fortunately, Ambani seems not to suffer fools gladly.
First it was Wangusi then his deputy Ambani. @CA_Kenya has directors who hold their forte very well. #PressPass
"Don't let the bastards wear you down, the Latin one doesn't sound so harsh! "Illegitimi non carborundum" #musing
When we have a WHY the WHAT doesn't matter -Existentialism.
Lord, show me where you want me to go, and I will follow you. But please be very clear and unambiguous about it. Amen.
Freedom is only gained at a price #musing
Thomas Grey, ~ Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise!~
This sounds simple, even trite but very few people know that they are loved without any conditions or limits #musing
If you are not fascinated by culture, art and history. You have no business being called a teacher/preacher. Take the title businessman!
@SpryVoice What was the impact of MauMau movement on education amongst the Central Kenya populace?
@SpryVoice Be that as it may, their contribution in education especially in Alliance schools has imprinted all sectors in this country!
I don't know what will be written about Kenya's millennium and post-millennium Church History. Looks fuzzy to me if you ask!
@SpryVoice Yes, exploitation,marginalization- worse ,one missionary was thought a better tool than 100 soldiers by the colonialists!
This missionary activity by and large set the tempo for education, development, empowerment blue-print of this country!
The CMS having established in Uganda earlier crossed to Maseno and set up a mission in 1906. #Baur
The Spiritans were housed in Kikuyu and Kamba land. The consolata took Larger Nyeri, Mill Hill missionaries took Luhyia and Luo heartland.
In 1899 they arrived in Nairobi, were et by a group of Catholic Goans. They built a church in Msongari, St. Austins. #Baur
The Holy Ghost Fathers first established a mission in Ndera, Tana River in 1889. Floods destroyed it and 2 missionaries died. They gave up.
The Methodists moved into the interior in 1910, following a catechist from Golbanti to Meru.
The Presbyterian CSM established a mission outside Kikuyu in 1898. This centre was known as Thogoto, the locals' pronunciation of H. Scott.
In 1900, the Anglicans established their Nairobi headquarters at Kabete houses by the Leakey Family. ( around Mary Leakey School) #Baur
The Anglicans CMS established their mission station in Kitui, called Mlango ( gate) in 1888 #Baur
1. According to the Historian John Baur, he dates evangelization in Congo between 1506-1645. This was when the Bantus were migrating.
Granted,did this missionary activity yield much in terms of influencing the moral and ethical behavior and terminologies used by the Bantus?
Any historian out there who I could indulge with a few questions? @SpryVoice
And those who indulged excessively~ Mūrīu~ #Roots
@PadreMusa: Those who partook in it ~ Mūny'ua, mūny'ui, Kīny'ua~ #Roots
Then the one who brew the alcohol ~ Wanjohi~ #Roots
Once the bees had inhabited and made honey, there was one who harvested the honey ~ Mūthūi~ #Roots
There next was the person who brought enticing herbs to entice the bees to the hives ~ Wanjūkī~ #Roots
Then, the person who set the location of the bee-hives, ~ Mwanīki~ #Roots
The first was the one who crafted the bee-hives hence the name ~Mwai. ~ #Roots
Brewing alcohol, through fermentation birthed  the Agīkūyū several male names #Roots
Interesting input on names and naming among the Agīkūyū. #Roots
"If you’re critical without being loving, you’re destructive. If you’re loving without being critical, you’re weak." Ron #musing
There are 2 types of people. Those who come into the room and say 'well, here I am' and those that come in and say 'ah, there you are!'
Isn't it true that we judge ourselves by our best intentions and others by their worst faults? #musing
Always serve the right God! #musing
My inventionem was living in the dugout for 14 months. My life has never been the same again for the better. I don't do mediocre #musing
Every encounter is formative. Some formation is painful, it sets you apart. #musing
Jesus makes a radical bent on the Judeo-Christian understanding of the law, introducing law as love #musing
The purpose of the law is not to contain us but to give us a guideline on how to live #musing
Do not serve any other God. Do not bow to any molten calf created in the image and likeness of someone's tension and bitterness #musing
Whenever we follow the commandments in a negative way, it leads us to do the bare minimum. #musing
@SpryVoice We have a big problem then...
@SpryVoice I can vouch that the litany of qualifications are inauthentic. Do such publishers do a background check? 
The sensitivity we have around mental illness is unimaginable. We propagate stigma and labeling as if it is a choice illness @LukoyeAtwoli
@ahmednasirlaw @LinusKaikai What is a moral equivalent of a bipolar disorder? Insensitive when you use mental illness in your epic battles!
“Lord, hang on to me lest I slip away from you. Do for me what I cannot do for myself.”
'The Ke. media must decide whether their role is to inform or inflame- because in the end it comes to a combination of trust and leadership'
What percentage of the local news is apportioned to international news? That is my beef with local channels!
@SpryVoice let me hold my forte today. I will light the candle while I curse the darkness!
@SpryVoice This is a new breed of students. I can hardly begin a discussion from the known to the unknown! The digression baffles me!
Meeting student leaders. It hasn't been a good experience in the past.They are turbo-charged restless. Whatever happened to inquisitiveness
I have unfollowed the Kenyan TV stations.@AJEnglish #BBC will do.There is something totally bizarre about what they consider to be content!
S.Sudan talks collapse, no channel finds it news worthy...But there is bullseye and truthmeter senseless compilation. #EpicFail
@Olez Banish the HardTalk thought. 
@Olez it is the occupational hazard of a Kenyan journo, covering verbatim grade six politics!
@Olez Prior reading and research is too much work!
@ChakaSichangi I wish it wasn't true...I am easy, tell me when you are available!
South Sudan talks collapse, no channel finds it news worthy.
@ChakaSichangi in the epic battle of Guagamela, the butchery was a battle front, this isn't...innocent defenseless people!
@ChakaSichangi Spirit? Is that absconding responsibility?
Walk the talk
Walk the high talk...
The corrupt fear not high talk!
Walk the damn talk!
Enough said!
Someone has sent me very disturbing gory beheadings by Boko Haram. I could not watch all. What is humanity coming to?
Glad to know that Kenya's police chiefs are among the wealthiest kind! 
20.000 tilapia fish by 250/-. Perfect business sense!
@CitizenTVNews is this a self-welcome  or are you welcoming your viewers or advertisers? Stop this nonsense!
Then while at it, I load to the max and reduce at intervals, all the way down to failure. Tongue out... Panting... Breathless.. Dizzy #HIIT
HIITs saps everything I have got. I do half my normal weights on the avenger leg press and curls, alternately, non-stop, varying the angles!
The greed in this country is simply unsustainable. You think we have run out of tricks then parliament pulls a 700M bill for a tube!
You think the debate in parliament is mediocre and frivolous? I don't think so, they have plans to tube and insulate themselves from you!
We must put aside all the images we have of Jesus, conservative n progressive, devotional n academic so that we attend to him with openness.
Jesus has been more frequently honored and worshipped for what he did not mean than for what he meant.
Jesus words have been twisted and turned to mean everything, anything and nothing!
Watching #Sarafina at #StMarysSchool.. Not impressed. Zero oomph, too much creative license, off key intonation. Underwhelming!
@SpryVoice I would offer legal counsel pro bono, but perhaps he would not take it!
The big three are back with a wounded elephantine ego while arrogantly asking "Mta-do!?" #digitalmigration
Lol.... This has me in stitches! 
@SpryVoice @ZakxMutugi I doubt  having a heiress is not any Kikuyu male dream. Mark you, it is a Matriarchal community!
@SpryVoice A good research in this trend would birth a theory that would rival the Electra complex. It is a very strong lasting bond!
What is it with Kikuyu men and their daughters? My dad has a pet name for all his four daughters but none for my brother and I? @SpryVoice
Who advises #Sonko?
So #SonkoRescueTeam is designed to be omni-present in the hour of need. Talk of a genius idea!
The brand Sonko will be to Nairobians what Red Cross is to Kenyans!
Is there evidence in any traditional culture that #LovePortion was ever used?
This #LovePortion has left me questioning whether people understand basic human sexuality and personality types!
I think 'love portion' to me is what the 'Internet' is to my bishop! The mystery abounds!
Padre, tuombee juu ya hii kitu. In reference to kamūtī, how do I pray over something I don't believe in? Or is my my prayer more potent?
My bishop called me to ask me about 'something in the Internet'. He is old school alright. I told him to have me manage his 'internet' lol
I've never seen any add  'nguvu za kike', how now, you mean the male species is that challenged or in need of nether powers? #LovePortion
The 'mganga kutoka Moshi' ad always has mapenzi, nguvu za kiume. I think the first is the love portion, perhaps some get both! #LovePortion
It is hard to think how this thing works when you have a scientific mind...but what if it does, does it count as love or lust #LovePortion
Had a very interesting case today... Among other things, it involved a love portion, yes, kamūtī, how does this thing work?
Is there new age vibe in the Christian preaching you get? OR better question, is there anything Christian in the new age preaching you get?
Bulldog Justice versus Chihuahua justice! Welcome to Kenyan courts!
#Angloleasing was testosterone driven!
@lindahoguttu drunk as a skunk is a new one...yes Linda, we have a big problem as a society!
@StandardKenya @munyragu your people!
You praise and praise some more, then bury and disdain the POTUS. Foreign policy is no gerrymandering! #Netanyahu
When you create an 'extra-ordinary times' you call for a new ethic, the kind whose action is justified! #Netanyahu
Calling Netanyahu's speech rhetoric and propaganda is right. That is what it was meant to be, and a punch on POTUS!
Watch out what you tweet. Ayatollah Khomeini "Tweets, tweets...In English!....
How easy is it to turn Netanyahu's nightmare into an American dream?
I wish Presidents around the world would be that resolute in their delivery of  speeches. Disregard the content, the communication is a win!
There is a double persuasion in every argument he posits. Israel will stand alone... But I know America stands with Israel. Powerful....
This may be warmongering, war rhetoric, whatever, but the delivery is powerful and convincing!
Netanyahu speech keeps everyone on their toes....I hope the Catholics amongst them find it easy to stand and sit in intervals as in liturgy.
Netanyahu persuasively ascends his argument in three. Keep sanctions, stop terrorism and stop threatening Israel. He juxtaposes nukes!
Netanyahu is no Ole Lenku, he sells war and makes it palpable and imminent! What a good general does. Communication win @paulachar
@PadreMusa @munyragu I said it, now we await heads to roll....
Fear is rot, a waste of time!
Conquer your fear and I promise you, you will conquer death. #GreekWisdom
As the Greeks would say, on the eve of battle it is hardest to be alone!
I wonder what @paulachar would say of the body language! 
@PadreMusa reminds me of when as kids you go against your class teacher thinking the head teacher will be on your side! Shock on you!
@PadreMusa In fact that ADN and the association with Citizen and KTN is more or less inconsequential!
You can write all you want, but this is what is the game changer....Watch this space! 
@paulachar Nobility obliges!
At the end of the day, media, world over is business, not activism or philanthropy as some would have us believe!
#Aga Khan is not known to rub any government of the day in the wrong way, let us see what changes he will make at NMG!
New revelation, @dailynation calls #DigitalMigration a human rights and constitutional issue.
Day one of HIIT, 12 minutes variation with electric speed in the interval, they gym was shaking... #3.16power!
@StandardKenya @munyragu this is how we report!!! Meza wembe!
Today I met #FrAlfonsoPoppi, a great Africanised missionary. His story of North Uganda as a young priest n fluency in Lang'o has touched me!
@SpryVoice Thank you. Will plan soon. Ngai njega!
@SpryVoice don't make it sound so easy, I wonder why research is only taught after high school. By then, one is entrenched in crappy work!
@SpryVoice I would love to one day audit your lecture. Someday!
@SpryVoice interesting, some lecturers teach without depth and in such uninspiring way, students take the cue!
@SpryVoice @ntsa_kenya I  could bet that the most notorious matatus plying 46/56 belong to a very senior police honcho!
@SpryVoice  Every morning at 4am a crazy matatu with a 1000 decibel horn wakes up everyone on Naivasha road! Whose mandate @ntsa_kenya
That graduation attire makes it look like a religious ceremony. Or is it?
@GeoffKimani Thanks. I will have to change my regime. Will consult, but my target is to do Mr Kericho tournament in June!
@GeoffKimani I thought my leg workout was all toned, and my shoulders good for the small ball...
@GeoffKimani How is it that no matter how well and hard I hit the gym, a game of squash leaves me paying in kind with soreness galore!?
Ati Lorna has a new clothing line.... Yawa! 
When I anointed her on Thursday, she told me she was going home. Today she has finally gone. #RIP
My legs....my shoulders...my back!
@KenyaPower_Care and don't tell me to include my account number to look into the problem. The blackout is everywhere, that long!
@KenyaPower_Care 12 hours later, there is still no power on Naivasha road line? 12 hours blackout?
The reactions about Ndii's article, we don't see reality as it is, but as we are. What's more, negativity clouds objectivity!
@fkariuki How now! Lol
@fkariuki he should state his markers for mediocrity then back it up with empirical data. The mix of economics and politics is a hard sell!
@symowain unfortunately he went on an overdrive to open our eyes. Must have been a dry day for him!
A game of squash is long overdue! #TwoDots
@symowain are we trying to make sense of the word mediocrity in that article? My point exactly!!
@symowain Your words and 'evidence', yet I doubt that would hold as a comparative indicator of the other regimes! No?
@symowain He should actually start with enumerating a number of indicators and then term them mediocre!
When politicians talk of 'passionometer' you let it pass, but when researchers write about mediocrity without empirical evidence? We in mess
I am lost, is mediocrity( mediocracy as put) competing with democracy, corruption or insecurity in this 'cogent' article? @munyragu
What mediocre leaders steal, they squander! &lt; What brilliant leaders steal, they....do what Jomo and Kibaki did? What? @munyragu
You had better be led by a genius leader, when they are corrupt, you won't trace their loot. &lt; Logic 101&gt; @munyragu
@munyragu @makodingo did I read the word, devolution in that article?
Ernst Kaseman,suggested that what’s wrong in both the world and the church is that the liberals aren’t pious and the pious aren’t liberal.
It is unfair to force us not interested in your prayers to have a sleepless night. It is against Christian charity.It is noise pollution too
Are there silent vigils? I think Christians should learn to go into meditation, contemplation, centering on the scriptures in silence!
From my room is a kesha the other ridge of mountain-view with a monotonous praise song..#Sisemikitu, but #WWJD, he would come and whip you!
@munyragu no sarcasm in any shape, shade or hue...
@munyragu @ZakxMutugi see my tweet 2 hrs ago...ION
Why would #K24 give a blackout to Wiper announcement today? Hii ni hujuma @ZakxMutugi
@ZakxMutugi I am surprised you think of it as a joke! Behold the president in the making, Wiper!
ION, I am glad Kalonzo is running for presidency 2017, this will be a game changer....What with Muthama as his lead campaigner. #OosaVinya
End-month + Friday + inexpensive fuel is a load road mess! @Ma3Route
#3.16 powered #Legwork #TeamLegend #LentWorkout
Hey! the #DigitalMigration rules allow for players to ask for extra-time if and when they do not score!
So, the #GovernorsSummit2015 has become a platform for #DigitalMigration vibe? Don't forget the trail of court rulings please!
#GovernorsSummit2015 Spare a thought for Jua Kali...the pyramid structure must at all times form our discussions, focusing on the base!
I don't feel too well this morning, I hope Keter is fine!!
@RookieKE he he he..."Do not touch, wet paint" receives the most <RAISED HAND>
Did he just tell me 31st February?
You are not complete as a celeb if you do not don that arrogant aloof mien when engaging with the 'wretched of the earth!' #KaribuKenya
The only debate on #DigitalMigration we should be having is why Kenya migrated south and found a safe haven in corruption palais!
If you make news, they write about your stolen dress or torn shoes.
If you are not news worthy, your blood becomes ink!
@MusilaTimothy That is Ignatian Spirituality my friend! 3rd way, Finding God in all things!
Taking it off in the gym #LentWorkout
God I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me for the silence I assume whenever a patient asks me a difficult question. Amen.
All is gift...
I don't know how that makes sense!
In all things, we give thanks! 
How now?
Whoever sees God in all things certainly has never given care to cancer patients!
My job description does not include defending God. I would certainly do a very poor job, I don't even pretend to give it a try!
Writing to publish...
I don't even understand how we process that statement..."Mungu anafanya anavyopenda".. Sounds off. How can he demand allegiance, surely?
And one said today, God loved her more! I almost stood in protest, ' Which God? He must have also been thrilled to see her suffer..!'
The jargon like dragon sounds
It is inoperable
It is in stage four
We shall do radiotherapy
The option is chemotherapy...
Cancer is pain!
Cancer sends chills
Anger reeks in the air
Fear reverberates.
The priest voice shrills,
Words are hollow
Deep calls on deep!
Another life lost.
Cancer, we feel your sting! 
As you mutate and destroy us,
We feel you
And fear you
And hate you so!
#RIPRedemptrix
Praxis...
I am hungry and thirsty and the whole cosmos cannot satisfy me! 
A policy that wants to make a difference has to have safeguards for abuse and doesn't matter who implements it #CDFKittyRow
One cannot expect morality from politicians but can hold them to the ethics of accountability. #CDFKittyRow
#KenyaIn5Words I don't remember slapping anyone!
@SpryVoice what percentage would you allocate production of local content? Mexican/Naija movies? News production? Any info available? Link?
@SpryVoice 
Did I ever read somewhere that the media houses in Kenya spend 1% of their revenue to train journalists? #DigitalMigration
Why won't #DigitalMigration be bench-marked? What is so unique about Kenya? Is it the only country with the  most vibrant media? Nah!
After a month workout, 4 days every week, I take four days break before changing the regime. Day one today. I was 3:16 fired. #LentWorkout
#KenyaIn5Words+1 Kenyans will die, if I resign
#KenyaIn5Words I'd rather die, than resign!
@PadreMusa 'Ngai njūgī' 'Ngai njigua'
More examples of neuter, non-anthropomorphic terms in Kikuyu in reference to God. 'Ngai nyene', 'Ngai Kīhoti'
What does the impatience, discourtesy and generous madness on the road say about the average driving Kenyan? @Ma3Route
@Keguro_ @SpryVoice @IrunguPeter Mumbi L.S.B. Leakey" The Southern Kikuyu before 1900" Gathigira na Kabetu" Miikarire ya Agikuyu".
@Keguro_ @SpryVoice @IrunguPeter Gīkùyù stems from the tree mūkūyū..can we interrogate this? Where/why were fig trees so central. Mūgumo?
@SpryVoice this is a very interesting discussion touching on culture, ATR and philosophy. You should get a hashtag. Later, I have to work!
@Keguro_ @IrunguPeter @SpryVoice sorry, does the bible have the term mwene nyaga?
@SpryVoice true, hence not tied to the mountain but the sparkle in the eye...@IrunguPeter
@IrunguPeter @SpryVoice the reference mwanake nī kīenyú kīa Ngai refers to this sparkle that is manifest in the eye...
@IrunguPeter @SpryVoice it is a distinct mark of presence of life, the same sparkle that is in the eye and dies off when one dies!
@IrunguPeter @SpryVoice it is attributed to the peak of the mountain ( perhaps the snow-cap) in Kīrīnyaga.
@IrunguPeter @SpryVoice nyaga, has nothing to do with ostrich, it is something that sparkles.
Strange I asked my dad about all this yesterday and he did not know. Mark you he is born 1937 and was brought up in Maasai land. @SpryVoice
@SpryVoice I would have to consult a Maa whose concept of Enkaai merge...and is largely unadulterated by missionary acculturation
@SpryVoice It is a very liberating reference to Ngai...neuter and 'spirit'. Completely unique and particular to the Kikuyu's.
@SpryVoice true, but western missionary activity packed a lot of Judeo-Christian concepts into kikuyu culture hence the kernel is often lost
@SpryVoice anthropomorphism that is in most instances foreign in kikuyu culture....
@SpryVoice another example that comes to mind is Ngai njega, instead of Ngai mwega! which in essence deflects the Judeo-Christian 
3
@SpryVoice the neuter concept is expressed not only in the attributes but also in the personal reference hence ū is properly Ī
@SpryVoice not so, this is no grammar, kikuyu for one had no concept of 'gods', in fact 'Ngai cia Mīhianano' is a Judeo-Christian concept
1
@ali_naka @mgast Kenya's post primary public schools are still the in-thing!
@munyragu @mmnjug @ClanSewe @TonwaTai @kuirab @SokoAnalyst @EbrahimFakir and he can take a cold shower....now in his Nkandla palace!
@munyragu @mmnjug @ClanSewe @TonwaTai @kuirab @SokoAnalyst @EbrahimFakir JZ is down, don't flash him with Kenya, at least he can dance!
How did the term 'Wanjiku' become objectified to represent the poor, disempowered lot in the society. Is it not misogynistic? @K24Tv
Interesting to learn that Gīkūyū is a tree... The mūkūyū tree, aka fig tree. @SpryVoice
@SpryVoice Why mūmbi is a feminine name? That is a question that can be asked but one that cannot be answered.  says Professor Josef Njoroge
@SpryVoice Ngai- ūrīa. Mūmbi is derived from the verb, kūmba.. All from a potter, mūmbi wa nyūngū.
2
@SpryVoice I clarified... In Kikuyu tradition, Ngai is neuter hence the reference, Ngai nī hoti or Ngai-īrīa NB. Today's corruption as 
1
Is God in Kikuyu ATR gendered? What is the etymology of the word Mūmbi? Why is it a feminine name? @SpryVoice
On a good Sunday after deep meditation and interaction with Christians. Having synthesized all the feedback. Moral loneliness sets in!
CDF is a referendum issue....#nihayotukwasasa
Having had that #Mosquitochat, their gods have sent them in herds to feast on me. May the day break!
@MoriasiO I have an eclectic spirituality. I believe it is African. No? #mosquitochat
Do mosquitoes have preference for certain blood type? Or is their affinity purely based on body scent/ warmth? #Mosquitochat
In the creation story, what day did God create mosquitoes? #Mosquitochat
If a mosquito bit UK, would it fly high bragging to the rest, " Yeah, I have the President blood in me!" #Mosquitochat
Would it be loss if in the next reincarnation some of us appeared as mosquitoes? #Mosquitochat
If mosquito say their prayers, do they thank the ' Almighty God Mosquito' for providing exposed skin whose blood is food? #Mosquitochat
Do mosquitoes envy those inside the net, with a 79 Kg exposed body all to themselves? #Mosquitochat
@paulachar I get to know a great preacher by their ease in small talk...
But when I double slap a satiated mosquito in the morning that sneaked through the net, the revenge is clearly victory! @SpryVoice
@SpryVoice Reminds me of Rudyard Kipling's famous poem. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs....
@SpryVoice Glad to know I am 'still together'...
Is it victory when I double slap a mosquito?
#RnR #slowsato #digitalmiration 
@Makaraps @durkchild True! Some are inaccurate, but a good trial though! <WHITE HEAVY CHECK MARK> 6/10
Any write up on #DigitalMigration in the dailies is subjective, biased and non- introspective! Defending a lie is quite a  task!
@SpryVoice @bettywaitherero What a waste, you go for the jugular vein knowing you will have enough kick to bust it. If not, just arm twist!
This has gone straight to my heart....hugs! 
Own goal? 
@bettywaitherero @SpryVoice highlight~ &lt;robbing us of the ability to think and to function, fed by a ruthless but largely mediocre elite.&gt;
@bettywaitherero @SpryVoice I guess, empathy should have a method...this desperate wail moves me not, pole sana!
@bettywaitherero @SpryVoice This is the occupational hazard of covering and analyzing Kenyan politics. You got to play a victim!
@SpryVoice Curious to know what your thoughts are about that article....
Job turns from a sufferer in need of compassion to an impersonal subject that needs answers #JobChat
That could be theologically correct, but it is overly rational and carries an unsympathetic attitude. #JobChat
Eliphaz take, Job's prolonged suffering is due to his sinfulness. To end it, confess and plead for forgiveness. #JobChat
Job reminds us that what the sufferer desires most is to be listened to, understood, touched and comforted in practical ways. #JobChat
Every time I have heard shrill plea for sufferers to change, repent, believe...I see a care-giver who is callous and insensitive #JobChat
If you repent and your affliction remains, wait on the Lord. He will vindicate you eventually. { How does that add up?} #JobChat
Many a times, care-givers feel the urge to defend God. Grow up, that is not your place and clearly not the right space #JobChat
The God question is articulated by many Jobs. 'Is God punishing me? 'Why doesn't God heal me' 'Why did God permit this' #JobChat
The care-giver can retard the healing process by refusing to acknowledge and listen to the God question. #JobChat
How a care-giver responds to the God question says more about them than the questioner. 'Deal with your mess' before attending #JobChat
As with Job friends, negative God questions are those that tear persons down, accelerate despair and obstructs healing process #JobChat
The questioner is not looking for rational answer. It is best that we listen and attend with patience and grace. #JobChat
These existential questions should always be seen as positive. They should not be interrogated or subjected to value judgement. #JobChat
Job exemplifies the classic testimony to resilience of the human spirit. A chain is only strong as its weakest link, re. Suffering #JobChat
The book is universal in scope with the aim to arouse dialogue on the central psycho-spiritual issues of suffering. #Jobchat
Job is about suffering, human nature and care-giving. It cuts through earthly wisdom, mysticism, psychology and practical art #jobtweets
@NationFMKe That is unfortunate, sense on air will fizzle. May you thrive! @KuisanMacharia
So, @KuisanMacharia is MIA at @NationFMKe? What gives?
To be continued....#JobTweets
Theological implication of Job is the rejection of easy pieties or/and denials. He is soaked up in pain and loss. #JobTweets
What is meaningful in Jobs experience is that in that whirlwind the contact with God is restored. He lives in the contradiction #JobTweets
Job offers us a profound understanding. His suffering is not justified by God, he is not consoled by the words of Gods majesty #JobTweets
Job friends propose that he is being punished for his sins.He rejects both propositions. God rebukes the friends for their answer #JobTweets
Job, the righteous man. Everything is taken. Possessions, loved ones, health. His wife proposes, 'curse God and die' #JobTweets
Never shall I forget these things, even if I am condemned to live as long as God Himself. Never! #JobTweets
Never shall I forget those moments which murdered my God and my soul and turned my dreams to dust. #JobTweets
Never shall I forget the nocturnal silence which deprived me, for all eternity, of the desire to live. #JobTweets
Never shall I forget the flames which consumed my faith forever. #JobTweets
Never shall I forget the little faces of the children, whose bodies I saw turned into wreaths of smoke beneath a silent blue sky. #JobTweets
#ElieWiesel pierced my heart with this powerful reflection. It sets the stage for #JobTweets
Cute at 20,colorful at 30,eccentric at 40, intolerable at 50. At a certain age even poetry does not compensate for immaturity.
Fr Ronheiser
I shall tweet about #Job. The biblical figure that is model figure of suffering in the OT. He is however grossly quoted out of context.
@cmutena So how do you process in your group? I wished that anger and fear would be seen as positives and not hushed by faith.
@cmutena And what do you hold on to? Is faith the problem or how we express it when everything else has failed?
I animated a cancer support group for the first time. Intriguing dynamics. Faith featured, I wish it did not. It affirmed denial religiously
Attempting to pen an article for a magazine that has no writers stipend! #MissionarySpirit
MPs ego alert! You can devolve everything else, except the title HONORABLE. They should actually go ahead and patent it @NationFMKe
Methinks CS Kaimenyi ought to have gone long before Ole Lenku.
#Legend #LegWork #LentWorkout #Matrix 
Mid-week break from the upper body. We tear and torture the legs. #Legend #Legwork #LentWorkout
#lent #AshWednesday. Come to think of it, calling/likening human beings to dust is pesky flattering....
@Fchurii Uko wapi nikupake? Lol 
@ZakxMutugi @frjoemungai @Fr_iMabura Deo Gratias! May he thrive, kind regards to him and blessings!
#TwitterPalestine Jesus follows Mary Magdalene. Her profile reads ' Cocotte, petite, flaming'. The TL catches fire! #judgenot #Lent
@Mwirigi The formula has since changed to... Repent and believe the gospel.... Sounds hopeful!
@StandardKenya except on #DigitalMigration ! No?
Philosophy,if a tree falls in the bush and there is no one to hear it's thud, does the tree actually fall? Politicians vs #DigitalMigration
As an employee, when you use, 'We cannot' 'our' 'We are', clarify you are using the words as a shareholder. Only SK, MOI and A Khan should!
Back and Biceps killer pumps!!! #gymhour #gymtime #gymspirituality
The fact is, the DNA of prime-time news has been grade 3 politics, scandals, blood and shallow investigative pieces! #DigitalMigration
When I hail #DigitalMigration, it is born of the knowledge that such human stories will find space and generate debate @SpryVoice 
18
How is this taught ( as theory and praxis) in our schools? Can it even sell?Does the ministry of education factor that in its curriculum?
17
Stigma is not a choice. It is a process that involves integral growth of emotions, especially compassion and empathy.
16
Shielded from real time issues translate into stunting of emotional growth. Little wonder we have not been able to fight stigma! 
15
My take is that. The boys 14-17 years are macho and process heart matters very poorly. Mostly, there is no full disclosure on issues.
14
I lost an opportunity to see how that would unfold among boys. In my history and religion classes we talked about stigma. 
13
Question! where do kids infected with HIV school? If my experience is anything to go by, parents do not divulge for fear of non-admission
12
The boy was admitted there, the health signature was not divulged to anyone. 4 years later, he joined campus and he is now working...
11
Luckily, there was a day school that was coming up run by a religious congregation that I could influence to take the boy on board 
10
It was clear to both of us that it would not be in the interest of the son to be in that school. The boarding component did not favor him.
9
As we explored, diet, social support, hygiene came to the fore. Things she had overlooked and I had not thought of emerged.
8
I felt this was an opportunity to build a stigma free school. The known health issues I had was epilepsy, acute asthma and mental illness.
7
I had many questions for her. She too had many for me. We brainstormed together. Being a first, it would be futile to keep it silent.
6
I knew if I consulted on this one, it would be a flat NO. Hiding it was a no no for me. Yet, this was a decision beyond me. Ambivalent!
5
"My son is HIV positive." My heart skipped. It was my first case to deal with. The admission rules we had was silent on HIV. 
4
A parent came brought a boy late for admissions. I did the usual drill with them. He passed. Then the mother called me aside.-
3
Both tasks involved bringing parents on board when there was a case of indiscipline. My boss gave me a free-hand. I would consult him.
2
Some years ago, I deputized in a all catholic high school aka seminary. I was in charge of discipline and partly admissions.
1
Little wonder, the kids from the families that were squatters in these farms have made it big than those of #matajiriwamashamba
The parochial way of explaining why such wealth does not last is that most of the land was ill-gotten. You will hear of curses @SpryVoice
Then, those who owned land and had coffee enjoyed a slump of prices that made them poor. Their kids were not keen on education @SpryVoice
@SpryVoice @gathara the dysfunctionality runs deep. It is unfortunate that men make that key decision when it is women who run those homes.
@gathara @SpryVoice be that as it may, it is a willing buyer willing seller deal, the guy takes a bee-line to the drinking den, debauchery!
@SpryVoice Mirror story of Ruaka and environs. The 1970 wealth (of kikuyu men) never reached the 3rd generation unless one joined politics!
@Lesuuda cc @SpryVoice
@murigikamande I did not say that, Mea culpa....
Kindly, only S K Macharia and Aga Khan can tweet 'We cannot...'
As a journalist, take time to retreat, re-coup, re-energize. Having cat fights on Twitter for your employer appears heroic but off-putting!
Going by #digitalmigration tweets, I have a feeling that Twitter will stop being a source of news in Kenya!
That awkward moment when you realize that the big 3 media houses have been abusing you all along. Yet fear that Stockholm syndrome will hit!
@njogunjoroge1 @Fchurii kumbe!? Maajabu haya!
@SpryVoice please do, @KBCChannel1 should be able to influence such without compounding the pain. No? @doreenapollos
@SpryVoice @KBCChannel1 Kindly, will get in touch with the bishop if it is, and if it is true...@GabrielDolan1
@SpryVoice outrageous! Is it a catholic sponsored school? I get in touch with the education secretary?
Wangusi is so firm and eloquent, the big three have met a formidable match. @ntvkenya @CitizenTVNews @KTNKenya propaganda will not do!
@ckageha @@DStv_Kenya.....
#DigitalMigration @ntvkenya @CitizenTVNews @KTNKenya please get the right spelling for APPOLOGISE. Thank you! 
@makodingo @ntvkenya @KTNKenya @citizentvkenya They have sincerely APPOLOGISED...lol 
Since Twitter is an official source of news, I wonder where @StandardKenya got those favorable comments about #DigitalMigration!?
Pray that there be a breakthrough for this new way of treating cancer! 
My idea of Villa Rosa Kempinski feeling is internal... Lol
Distraught that NTV, KTN and Citizen won't report about the rains in Nairobi! 
Rain....oh my! 
Let it rain...and good news about CH!
Cardinal Mafi (no relation to Swahili)  from Tonga. The youngest red hat! 
My Day! These four great women! 
Ion, thanks to Peter Munya, pesa mashinani initiative is the second M-buss!
What I would want to know is are the doctors trying to be heroic? Or 2. Are they experimenting to see if they can manage?
Oh God, liver surgery, not for cure but to improve on the prognosis! [ do you think faith, ethics or give in to fear and despair]
@okumu_mackenzie @alaminkimathi No way, the mid-wife is the only soul you can trust. Her dexterity is incorruptible.
Until @Karanimutonga puts in a word on Governor's mansion in Meru, I think it as noble...!<SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><HEAR-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
I see the activists on the hill and those on the field are at it again. Mnnnnh, lies set you free is the new high!
@KenyaPower should come up with a way of tapping the negative energy  generated on these streets to the national grid! @NationFMKe
Who will midwife our re-birth. We are in a spiritual hunger, an intellectual barrenness, a cultural drought. In a word, a frog-pond. #help
Well, as my philosophy lecturer used to wonder, what if a society needs a crisis to grow? Unfortunately, we botch the crisis from the bud!
When I recited the #nyayophilosophy, I never envisaged I'd live in a country with such deep seated structural dysfunctionality as Kenya has.
A land flowing with bile and venom. Whatever happened to the generation that took maziwa ya nyayo. #nyayophilosophy
@Karanimutonga Is there a video? What I have are still photos. No?
28days challenge. Back and biceps! #ultimatechallenge #3.16power 
@DonKNVB @Karanimutonga any link?
@MutahiNgunyi owes the morons an apology!
I am lonely and hungry, and the whole world cannot satisfy me. It is a moral loneliness, an inchoate longing for sanity! @SpryVoice 
28
The worship places are full, but  is there worship that goes on? What with the craze for miracles and prosperity gospel. I weep! 
27
The anchors, the prophets, the sages are busy chasing the wind. Education that should open our eyes is rote. I weep, I weep! 
26
Who can midwife our crisis. It is far deeper than meet the eye. It is a spiritual hunger, an intellectual barrenness, a cultural drought
25
how long can we sustain this inequality, how safe are we sitting on cliffs edge. How long will our dalliance with brinkmanship last
24
I am happy to know that I will be safe because my MP, Senator, Governor will be safe. Thank you. If he dies, I die! Uuurgh!
23
The aides are an appendage to the story, the politicos construct the conversation around the training of the aides...we blame them!
22
Why do we allow the emperors to have it all at the expense of all having the best. Is it not strange that a VIP dies
21
it's ruling class fell in love with all the things that destroy the soul. What is our empire built on, why the insecurity, fear
20
Tell me a society, any civilization in history that developed with a ravenously greedy leaders. The Greco-Roman empire fell when
19
the sick access this help. The political class anyway do not go to this hospitals. In fact, the best locally is not good enough
18
to stories of their cause. No one is bold enough to say, we don't care who provides medical equipment to the hospitals as long as 
17
38B of medical equipment for cancer/diabetes/kidney get launched, governors miss and we buy their side. Newspaper apportion acres...
17
It is difficult to question the ingrained culture of inequality. There is perhaps no angst about the misspend in the counties. 
16
He is a representative sample. Sadly, many will buy his and others hubris. One will even unknowingly advance their right to 'be'
~15~
When Keter said that we would die if he resigned, it epitomizes the self-entitlement and arrogance that goes with leaders in Kenya
~14-
The know-it-all types do a good job to advance their relevance, define their space and suck everyone to believe their being is gift to us
13
The media by design or default has a permanent platform for politicians.It is like a never ending reality TV show. Shallow and glamorous 
12
Perhaps we have it all wrong in the people we allow to shape our worldview.Politicians take too much of our space. They stand on our face
11
It has to be born of long-suffering and deep desire to subvert a system that unduly favors the powerful and throw the rest off the bus
10
hardly measure up to surmount change. The selflessness that goes with agents of change is a spirituality, a cause, a vocation, a calling
9
You hold on as you admire/ disapprove what others do, yet when you engage why they do what they do, you realize that the energy and drive
8
You feel lonely, an intimate moral loneliness when the values you hold do not measure up with what in norm for many. 
~7~
Truth sets you free, but what is truth in our set up? Is truth replicating facts, regurgitating history or pontificating select scripture 
6
Silence is complicity and verbalizing some issues require a deeper dialogue in light of reason and faith that many do not appreciate
~5~
One is drawn to comment on issues that affect or directly favor or excuse those who are beneficiaries of abuse of power in all fronts 
~4~
As a priest I have to be very careful not to preach to the choir. Issues like domestic abuse and neglect of old parents is hushed.
~3~
Everything seems to be processed and run on a software and hardware that allows the mighty to be right and their way.
~2~
My experience in this country has taught me that it is very easy to pursue bourgeois ideas unknowingly.
~1-
Our political class disappoints. The disconnect with the rest of us is shocking!
Do I get the assumption that the CCTV images unmask a hooded goon?
@SpryVoice I thought of "conjectures of a guilty by-stander" by Thomas Merton
Verbosity  is the currency for politicians, sad that the church and the press give them a platform.... Even when their conjecture is hollow!
We have to always discover ways of being generative and resilient while we enjoy good health...!
Give it to the politicians, they are already in 2022 and beyond. Who was the Greek god of time? The shrine must be in parliament!
I do not know... That is a religious, most profound statement of all. Goodnight
@myroadtraffic Don't  twist history. France wasn't prompt, the guys wouldn't have been nabbed were it not for their negligence.
@AbassAbdiaziz They are laying it out, by and by, they will improve! 'Civilized societies' tag is not necessary here!
#3amKillers Think about it. Mombasa road, valley rd, Uhuru highway, Haile Selasie are the only possible escape routes! No?
#3amKillers Escape routes from the scene of crime are not less than 4. Had there been a swift plan of response, the killers wouldn't escape!
#3amKillers CCTV without manning, coordination and swift response won't help much. Images of hooded killers won't unmask them!
Oh my God, now it has boiled down to the quality and training of body-guards? #MuchaiMurder
The combination of heat, after-gym-fatigue, bed and relaxation is potent sleep!
Happenstance, politics is a high risk high return 'profession'. The occupational hazard just hit the vanity ceiling!
@SamAlmighty254 @Olez There you go, designate +254 processed thinking!
The focus for now is not the motive but speculation on who the hit man was. Marksman, snipper etc. [ experts, this is how we miss the plot ]
The greatness of a society is measured by how it treats its own who are most vulnerable. This is not a cliche, we have our reverse script!
I am sorry, our thinking is skewed to, " if it can happen to a big man, who is safe?" So, our safety is measured by how safe the big man is?
Today, murder most foul in the dead of the night. #KOT Ballistic experts conjure AK 47 riffle by a lone hooded snipper! The sequel to follow
Yesterday the state signs the most ambitious healthcare program, governors skip the event. WB release report on counties spending. #KOT mum.
Houthi rebels take over Yemen!? What is happening in the Arab world?
@alaminkimathi @cobbo3 @dailynation E-mail, SMS and visit calls in his article, good but not enough without a Twitter handle!
@MachariaGaitho @cobbo3 Kindly have Peter Mwaura, the public editor, get a Twitter handle. Thank you.
When do we get the political  noise and treat to the health initiative that has been launched!
So the governors were MIA?
Surely, devolution must be managed. Public participation is key in setting the tempo and priority of projects that make sense!
Dying out of preventable diseases is a gross violation of human rights. Affordable healthcare access is a right for all.
If this medical initiative comes to fruition, it will be the best thing to ever happen to Kenya.
@MensFitness cc @MaryMunyui
That awkward moment i realize that i have known my best friend for 25 years today. [ O5.02.1990] When we joined Muhoho High Sch. #FrKaigua
The question is why his security allowed uncle Bob to touch the ground! Pole Mzee!
Retribution! Out tit must be more lethal than your tat! Use of napalm? I don't know... Violence begets violence, and with ISIS, compounds it
I think we are in agreement when The professor  posts the names of the tweeps( did he call us bigots) he has blocked. All is not well!
@FlTNESS: "The first wealth is health." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have always said, lost is a place too, after #JKL tonight, I have reviewed my observation, utopia is a place too!
@SpryVoice she goes back to India today for review and possible surgery. Descending Colon is the primary tumor with spread to the liver!
@SpryVoice I wonder how those without medical knowledge cope! It seems the rat race is also on due to the numbers and demand!
@SpryVoice 2 weeks ago she had cramps, she was writhing in pain, she called the doc at 1pm, she said she would call back only to call at 7pm
@SpryVoice however, every admission where she sends he junior assistant to mix the drugs and fix and remove the needle, a bill of 35 k!
@SpryVoice all the while 10 chemo sessions 2 weeks apart, she has only been attended by her doctor twice for less that 10 minutes.
@SpryVoice My friend,!thank God a medic has been going through chemo at Mp Shah, she has her own drugs from India. Has a chemo pot fixed too
#WorldCancerDay while at it @SpryVoice the few oncologists in Nairobi are definitely overwhelmed by the number of patients under their care!
@SpryVoice I hope with digital migration we shall have channels dedicated to  such stories with a human and professional face!
#WorldCancerDay The social support ( resource) they offer to each other is immeasurable. Women reach out for care and support. Are resilient
#WorldCancerDay @SpryVoice Working as a hospital chaplain, my take is that women cope better with cancer than men. They reach out, they talk
If radio call in programs represent the average Kenyan thinking and world-view. We shouldn't be  wondering why we have the leaders we have!
#ArchBishopOscarRomero #6 
#ArchBishopOscarRomero #5 
#ArchBishopOscarRomero #4 
#ArchBishopOscarRomero +3 
#ArchBishopOscarRomero +2 
#ArchBishopOscarRomero 
It's hard to be alone
Alone before everyone 
Alone before the world
Alone before suffering
death
sin!
#8
It's hard to carry others &amp; never,even for a moment,be carried.
It's hard to sustain the feeble &amp; never be able to lean on one who is strong
It's hard to suffer from sins of others, n yet to be obliged to hear n bear them.
It's hard to be told secrets and be unable to share em
#6
It's hard always to give without trying to receive.
It's hard to seek out others and to be oneself, unsought.
#5
It's hard to be nothing to oneself in order to be everything for others.
It's hard to be like others, among others and to be other.
#4
It's hard to shake a hand and not to want to retain it.
It's hard to inspire affection, only to give it to you 
#3
It is hard to give ones body; it would be like to give itself for others.
It is hard to love everyone and to claim no one
#2
A heart meant for love 
but I have given you all.
It is true of course that you needed it.
I have given you all, but it's hard, Lord
#1
Michael Quoist, This poem articulates what is in my heart! &lt;ff&gt;
Mercurial
In this and that peculiar 
Yet in every way familiar.
When you fit in well
It is personality.
A personality!
  #PadreMusaSays
Help me O God, when death is near
To mock the haggard face of fear
That when I fall- If fall I must
My soul may triumph in the dust. G Kirsh
Dark night of the soul. 
I thought it was Rutos  lawyers to approach whoever to be their defense witness. Why do we get high on politicians gibberish?
My dad. "As long as the rich end up in courts, with long protracted legal battles while the poor go to prison,we are living a lie" #sagacity
From the look of things, two wrongs make a right...!
The new ethic of justifying a wrong with a wrong. Trying to figure out a befitting name for it!
I wish I did not have to agree with any political analyst...
@MarkMasai I know you are on pass, sorry, honeymoon! kindly come back, #Presspass without you is underwhelming!
Morning gym. #TeamGymholic
Congratulations. Proost, as they do in Austria!! @MaryMunyui 3:16 forever!
Poor Atwoli...there is time for everything!
@GabrielDolan1 @WMutunga 
A political hat trick....
Speaking with authority is not necessarily in the articulation. It is sharing a deeper reality, a selfless sharing of self.
#inspirationSun
It is not the words, it is the accompanying energy that tilts the balance! 

#inspirationSunday
@DuncanKungu @CitizenTVNews @StPaulsChapel No way, that is meant for the aged, sick... And the hangover " nurses"
The catholic mass has had a burst of youth with their jig during mass... You cannot be a "killjoy" to this energy! @CitizenTVNews
Glad to see my kid brother #FrKaigua celebrate mass live on @CitizenTVNews @StPaulsChapel
9. It would be my church, not Christ's church
No, I am old enough, I know better!!<ROSE><ROSE>
8. but I could not build one without the same defects, for they are my defects
And again, if I were to build another church.
7. No, I cannot be free of you, for I am one with you, if not completely you.
      Then too- where do I go 
       To build another church?
6. Countless times I have felt like slamming the door of my soul in your face- yet every night I have prayed that I die in your sure arms.
5  or more beautiful...
4. Never in this world have I seen anything more compromised, more false 
Yet never have I touched anything more pure, more generous...
3 You have given me much scandal and yet you alone have made me understand holiness
2 I should like to see you destroyed and yet I need your presence
1. How much I must criticize you my church and yet I love you
Yo've made me suffer more than anyone
Yet I owe you more to you than to anyone
Some tweets, inspired by Carlo Carretto about the church

#InspirationSaturday
We have met people who wear their woes, worries and old hurts like a breastplate of self-esteem...

#InspirationSaturday
No baby in the womb has ever had a map that said, "This way out!" 

#InspirationSaturday
When asked what his toughest fight was, Muhammad Ali answered, " my toughest fight was with my first wife"

#InspirationSaturday
Sadness always translate into a certain intelligence....
#InspirationSaturday
Sadness more than anything else is what shapes our faces. It gives it color and contour....
Sometimes in a room I look for a sad face, there is a depth that sadness affords, sorrow has its own beauty!
If you do not see the light of the star in the darkest night, it is not the stars fault, but yours!
#InspirationSaturday
Okhulola nokhusubira khandi okhusubira nokhulola!
There are some things you should be afraid of, darkness is not one of them.
Where beauty is, we should guard it. 
Where there is no beauty at all, we should create it.
Where beauty is defaced, we should restore it. 
Where beauty is hidden, we should unveil it.
Where beauty is apparent, we should enjoy it!
If you want to know what victory over temptation costs, don't ask a sinner, ask a saint!
Then comes deep Kindaruma sleep after every workout! #workoutbenefits
While we all bash Robert Mugabe, I wish I would get what he smokes. 90 and making sense is no mean feat!
#theTrend Kobia, this man Kobia! Looking for my DSM V.
That is a clever move, DP has the three on his side, he needs it now! No? #DigitalMigration
@SpryVoice I agree, yet the parents would rather pay high fees there than improve on the public school! Masomo ni ya bure mentality!
@SpryVoice @FELICHES3 I was in an environment where the locals encouraged truancy and indiscipline. The big school fell with a thud!
@SpryVoice indeed, I rally the local communities to participate fully in improving the local schools. Especially in discipline!!
@johniekip @SpryVoice @FELICHES3 There should be massive investment in secondary schs to match what is there in pri sch thanks to academies!
@SpryVoice ( context) there are those who think A's are only got in the big league schools!
Gaddafi was the only President who had the guts, gravitas and wealth to rally Africa to a cause. ATM, the rest are wannabees, buzzing (pun)
@Comrade_Otoa That is a very guarded, yet loaded comment. You could DM, you know... Lol
@FELICHES3 I thought teachers contribute 25 % in the learning process! No? @SpryVoice
@KeylvinneKn Then the onus is on the government and the local community to ensure that the local schools perform!
@NationFMKe Let the kids know that school is what you make it! There are kids who get A's from those marginalized schools!
That moment you wake up and your body tells you " Man, that was a terrific workout you had yesterday!"
@Beingtweets @margaretwerth And for some of us who don't have that software in our heads, we wonder why it is not in our system!
@munyragu he was, hence my query. The list is long and winding! Vrooooom!
@munyragu unless it is Keter fastidiously fighting corruption! He was a student leader at Moi University! No?
@munyragu We decode reality as we are!
@Comrade_Otoa What happened that Dominic Ongwen was handed to #ICC even after M7 publicly derided the court so loudly!?
@munyragu we are a special case, we talk constitutionalism when it favors us. Bad boys emblem will be currency in 2017!
By the way, is there a former student leader in campus who ascended into politics that makes sense? #AskingForAFriend
@munyragu True, ICC is a politicized court. That said, it still is a deterrence to our leaders lunacy!
I doubt African Union can fund a court, it must be rushed, not well thought-out #ICC exit strategy!
@MissWabuke @Olez Hailemariam Desalegn      is pragmatic enough to know that you do not play diplomacy with bullies. Not so, JM Kikwete!
However we must appreciate that it is easier to manage war than its after effects of a long protracted conflict. Re: S.Sudan, Somalia!
@MissWabuke @Olez  while the leaders and their families are living large in Nairobi and Kampala!
@Olez anything that is fear motivated is not a  feasible solution. They fear the tyrants will unleash death to more people!
@Olez meanwhile the U.S. has been accused of funding the ISIS by a Pakistani commander!
What happened to the initiative capture Kony? Did the marines finish their tour of duty in the North or were they based in Munyonyo? @olez
Can anyone point to me a success story of any UN intervention in African conflicts? Kindly factor the cost too! @Olez
Will peace hold in #S.Sudan? Why am I skeptical about this political solution that overlooks atrocities committed by both parties? @olez
Imagine the Al Jazeera journalists were held in Kenya?
@DuncanKungu I know, the pain is not even physical...I don't know!
My friend is in a lot of pain. Post-chemo after affects. I do not know what to say to her.... But her pain cuts deep! Oh Lord!
@SpryVoice clichè mismatch!
@SpryVoice Is that meant to be a self-appraisal remark or an insult to the opponent?
@murigikamande @munyragu @ntvkenya @OliverMathenge I gave up asking why, anyhow, no one bothers to correct!
Narok is a pace-setter!
I thought we were tribes until devolution happened and clans reared its ugly head!
A party, am 16, I ask my dad to give me a drink, in front of the guests he goes, " none of your siblings has ever asked me for a drink"
A child, my cúcú told me," the flatus of the rich does not stink!" Indeed, what with their sewer line and our hole on the ground toilet.
@AUGUSTINENGIGI  How does hypocrisy come in when there is blatant, unexplained unfairness?
@AUGUSTINENGIGI there is no private/ public child. Education is a right for all. MOE should be fair and transparent in the exercise. Period!
@ngunjiriwambugu Then plunge, you have all it takes, complete with a silent baptismal name!
We all harbor dysfunctional traits, the best we can do is to process what pushes us to normalize it and/or accept it unquestioningly!
If @ngunjiriwambugu has the command of Kikuyu language, I don't know what Nyeri is waiting for? He is smart, should be the man to beat. #JKL
@SpryVoice is basic philosophy taught in university?
On the feast day of St Thomas Aquinas, I decide to preach in his philosophy, after all, my congregants are UON students. They look dazed lol
@dailynation Simple, lodge an appeal, I thought you dared to go to the copyright court in Paris!

Kenya has its bad choices and systemic failures. The worst that we shall pay dearly for is  the commercialization of health and education!
Do all educationists in Kenya double up as entrepreneur owners of private schools? #TheBigQuestion
While taking a peripatetic walk with my colleague, he is in a cassock, am in shorts. A cúcú sees us and says, " Karī Mafathas" ouch, Keter!
@SpryVoice @MRNYOIKE @RookieKE @Olez Wrong/ evil is personified in Kenya, that is why we sanitize it!
@RookieKE @Olez by electing the hooligan a prefect, a Paul moment happened!
@Olez @RookieKE The benchmark for our leaders should be our flaws...how do we reason that way?
#PressPass NMG, SG, you bring your best soldiers to the toughest battles. You lost, ab initio! Lol 
Ohito and Linus are victims of professional hazard of a Kenyan Journalist whose forte is covering grade 4 verbatim politics. #PressPass
#PressPass I have gone through the tweets, @MarkMasai don't read any, they are not favoring your cause tonight! #truthsetsyoufree
#PressPass Next time you discuss digital migration bring Rose Kimotho on board. The big three are playing politics and victim! @MarkMasai
#PressPass This David Ohito should stick to editing stories. Not a single argument sold, not a single one for the two times he has appeared!
#PressPass now Linus has moved from copyright to conspiracy theories! Aga Khan should be in Shenzhen buying the 20% share tomorrow!
#Presspass Imagine, I had fallen for that copyright infringement accusation by the big three, until Wangusi clarified! @SpryVoice
#PressPass The local journalists will not be on employment. They will create content and sell to stations thus having freedom and latitude!
#PressPass it is only Wangusi who can use the word. "We are..." The rest, are on digital migration!
#PressPass I hope Kalonzo n ilk are listening to Wangusi.The big 3 have used the wrong transmitters for their cause, editors and politicians
#Presspass How did Ohito come up with 800 journalists losing their jobs? 
2. Is Aga khan Kenyan? Local investor?
#Presspass The Nation guys should have done their homework. The accusation of dishonesty is thawing!
#Presspass Why Mr Wangusi's village in Bungoma from David and Linus? Twice they chide him with condescending lines!
@alaminkimathi Children, surprisingly are more resilient than we give them credit for and adults ambivalence is what throws them off-balance
The duality in our public discourse serves no good. It is expedient, self-serving and outright wacky!
Evil never passes as evil in Kenya. We always pop names of someone known for notoriety! It can't be worse, so and so did this... How now?
Is it a cultural, political or gender trait that makes  leaders not utter the words. " I am sorry!" " I apologize" "Mea culpa!" @SpryVoice
@PadreMusa abs, the priest in me had to write albs! Lol
@SpryVoice on Riara road, three blocks from Junction exit!
Today is my chest and triceps workout. The new trainer pushes me beyond my limits. Then, " let's burn albs a bit" and I sheepishly agree!
Devolution? Teething problems? No,there is a lot of "eating", indigestion or food poisoning perhaps! The governors are vomiting on our shoes
Will be in Kisumu on 7th, which route is better? Mai-Mahiu-Sotik or Nakuru-Kericho?
Poor Keter is an oxymoron!
#AlfredKeter, you broke all the Seven social sins by Mahatma Gandhi! All, including, worship without sacrifice!
Even the gods are afraid to destroy Keter, lest we all die!
@PadreMusa That he said, you want Jesus to call you for you to answer? That is hilarious, it can't be absurd! No?
Young leaders are such a disappointment in this country.Keter, you used so many swear words but using God and Jesus in that mix is hilarious
Anyway, I see it is so important to have a hashtag trend! It is the mark of popularity aka media billboard top charts?
When complicity embraces conspiracy, what happens?
Whenever I see a media created hashtag, I read RTs and what is aired. The critical is always silenced,the flattery is magnified!
I find #FashionWatch the epitome of lazy journalism. I do not know how it was etched into prime-time news. It baffles me!
@RonnieOsumba I fear that reporting devoid of context paints doom and gloom!
@symowain I hear he is eloquent on the slant 'truth' and the cameras are zoomed on his lips! #eccehomo
"ota kama kwamba utaishi milele, ishi kama kwamba utaaga dunia kesho,” alisema James Dean.
Are you a politician who wants free airtime? Just talk about #DigitalMigration,you need not make sense. Say freedom of the press, muzzling..
No piety is genuine which does not make one more conscientious and humble, and more faithful to their vocation!
There are many pious people who are far more anxious to make use of God than to serve Him.
The line between unenlightened piety and superstition is easily crossed!
Whipping emotions, sensationalizing, coating, foaming in the mouth,banging tables, threatening etc does not amount to #DigitalTruth
There is no truth without full disclosure.
I don't buy the story that the cartoon made TZ ban the paper. Much as I do not buy the victim version of the truth about digital migration!
Praying for my friend. She is on her last session of chemo. It has been tough by the day. She has been stoic, she has stellar faith!
No child ever thinks an onion is a fruit!
5~ to love the human for the sake of the divine is enriching; to love the divine for its own sake is sanctity.
          {FJ Sheen}
4~ To love what is below the human is degradation; to love what is human for the sake of the human is mediocrity;
3~ putting it negatively, he who tells you what he does not love, also tells what he is.
2~if it loves the carnal as god, it becomes corruptible. The kind of immortality we have depends on the kind of loves we have.
1~Every person is what he loves. Love becomes like unto that which it loves. If it loves heaven, it becomes heavenly.
You cannot really love anyone, even God, without grace and the supernatural virtue of charity!
What can one know about #digitalmigration from the 3 media houses that is skewed to tell their side of the story as victims! #DigitalTruth
@OliverMathenge #DigitalTruth without a word on this is slant @ntvkenya
A tribe that is unified by anger,fear, n paranoia is likely to turn that suspicion on its own members until it breaks down further n further
Some things do not make sense at all. You can't wish them away, they don't add up. Are we made in God's image. Is that image iconic?
How does one work so hard to mess themselves because that have a good therapist for free? SMH
In Kenya birds of prey sing!
Going to my favorite school for mass and mentorship. #LoretoLimuru
@ngunjiriwambugu @bonifacemwangi  Please ask @GabrielDolan1 to mentor and coach him. His heart is in the right place but, too raw!
#CitizenBusiness Where do you get all those accolade tweets on digital migration. You should have read at least one that is not in support!
Kiliumana ICC!
What we have had with NTV, Citizen and KTN is an abusive relationship. We left, we healed, there is no Stockholm syndrome! No love lost!
@citizentvkenya @CitizenTVNews Poetic justice or a case of a pot calling kettle black?
@citizentvkenya @CitizenTVNews The greatest hostility is having Go-TV and Star-times air your copyrighted content. Poetic justice! No?
Other than the court battles, what will one know about digital migration from the media that is skewed to tell their story as victims!
If Ebru TV news is anything to go by, the three musketeers have every reason to be very afraid!
And the big three used their space to defame star times and Go-TV with a senseless advert. Glad to know the two are Chinese companies!
You have got to love it when corporates that mint billions in profits play victim. Aibu ndogo ndogo!
#Hospitalchaplaindesk suffering is the perception of the pain experience.Even when the pain cannot be modified, the experience can b reduced
#Hospitalchaplaindesk Pain is a physical process, the neural transmission of information to your brain when you injure yourself.
#Hospitalchaplaindesk words heal and whole and holy come from the same root "helen."
#Hospitalchaplaindesk curing is when the physical disease gets measurably better. Healing is the process of becoming whole.
#Hospitalchaplaindesk healing and curing are not the same. Disease and illness are not the same. Pain and suffering are not the same.
#Hospitalchaplaindesk Healing may occur even when curing is not possible!
From the hospital; anything that promotes a sense of love and intimacy and community is healing. Isolation leads to illness and suffering!
When shoved to the wall. 
       Breathe in
           Vote 
       Vote with your feet!
Denis Burkitt, British scientist " Not everything that counts can be counted.!"
If they can get you to ask the wrong questions, then they don't have to worry about the answers. Thomas Pynchon.
Give and take
Give and break
Give and shake
Give and stroke
Give and give some more!
Success gives us the glory

Pain gives us the character!
@dailynation The full text has meat.... 
Familiarity breeds attempt!
The bold mosquito that gets into the net, feasts all night long but in the morning gets a Hi-five!
1-Hinduism~ Thou art that..the universe is nothing but Brahman. Jesus~ the kingdom of God is within you. Buddha taught, you are all Buddhas
2- There is nothing that you need to achieve. Just open your eyes. Prophet Muhammad " wherever you turn is God's face... Whoever knows
3- himself knows God.
#Jesus; Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, and pray for those who mistreat you!
The most fundamental longing of the human heart is for the union with the divine!
God is not something we attain from "out there" somewhere, we realize that God is in us as us!
Psalms 46; Be still and know that I am God!
The more inwardly defined you are, the less you need, and the more power you retain!
#TheBigQuestion Why do I think that Swazuri is an asset to a corrupt system. He is thoroughly ambiguous!
Deadlift works on not less that 33 muscles in the body!
The back and forearm exercises is a killer combination. Deadlift sets the fire on lower back, done right, it works on the whole body!
Tower of Babel press conference with Swazuri, Kidero and Ngilu. The shadowy "private developer" is a ghost! #isorait
@mamangilu Why do you use the conjunction"If" in such an emotive issue?
2&gt; Hell is a description for people who have become comfortable with nothingness, with non-life even a dead-existence. (Rohr)
1&gt;If you'd ask the people in hell whether they are happy, almost all of them would say "yes!"
Is there a difference between memory and history?
#KOT cannot multi-task, one thing at a time everyday. We forget as soon as something exciting emerges!
I work-out, therefore I am!
Men, all men, reach and fall, reach and fall!
@PadreMusa and nonviolence is the only possible basis for a new world order of justice and peace ~Ron
Gandhi, Dorothy day, Dalai Lama, Merton Romero all modern day prophets agree that love, not anger is the basis of nonviolence...
Is this the after-action discourse

"I am a victim and thus outside the rules!"

"I am a victim and I have a right to be disrespectful too"
2&gt;&gt;Justice without love is Marxism 
And..... Love without justice is baloney!
1&gt;&gt; Cardinal Jaime Sin; Strength without compassion is violence.
Compassion without justice is mere sentiment.
What energies should motivate social justice call? How should it be practiced so that it is nonviolent?
Why are police on the ready to fight in a protest/demo? Why the violence tone in the demo? The sight of blood in many demos is a call!
I see what @JulieGichuru is asking, how do we help victims without creating further victims ourselves especially when it is kids?
What should be our energy behind our actions for justice so that our actions do not mimic the violence and injustice we're trying to change?
Great! CS Interior!
@JamesMartinSJ The Jesuit and a bouncer in him comes out....
It would be foolhardy to use Mungiki to campaign for you in Central Kenya. The group has never had political muscle of any influence there!
The digital migration is the next battle-field!
#Presspass  I didn't know that it is ok for David Ohito to use the 'Hell' swear word. Good show though. Grace was graceful!
@Mutho_nee Not even a stopover! It would have been good to  grace Nyaatha event!
#Presspass So how is the media council constituted? This interview has made me realize that self-regulation is baloney!
No way, the @Pontifex has intimated that he is coming to Uganda by the end of the year! Hii ni hujuma...!
#Presspass The buzz word is multi-disciplinary approach to issues self-regulation!
@WehliyeMohamed  I saw parallels of Auschwitz with Lang'ata. Hey, in Auschwitz they used Cyclone-B! Hyperbole mismatch!
@MsemauQuaili @LarryMadowo I have seen manage difficult panelists with grace, when you have one who hits every key in the piano...
@LarryMadowo For the first time, you have lost the interview to the panel!
When swazuri and Ngilu use "IF".... Who knows these things?
When institutions fail to do their work, pandemonium ensues....
Workout for kills! Hydo-exercises, pumping, chest, triceps...
I see parallels of Auschwitz with Lang'ata. It is wrong to teargas children but Hey, in Auschwitz they used Cyclone-B! Hyperbole mismatch!
It is like crowd dispersal course content in Kiganjo was only about teargas!
@ngunjiriwambugu As Nicholas Of Cusa said, in your goodness, you let the blind speak of your light!
"The best criticism of the bad is the practice of the better"
#CheckPoint Why do we compete to outdo each other in notoriety? Has MK become the benchmark on how we should do brinkmanship!?
#CheckPoint Whatever Boni stands for, he makes a serious discussion lack structure with his ad hominem interjections!
@bellelinde I don't know how to ask why, without saying why?
@PadreMusa were you the flock?
That mass with the 'relapsed Catholics' was very engaging!!!
@ChakaSichangi Martin Neimöller's attributed quote, "First they came..." Is one of those that is oft done without context!
@ChakaSichangi Voltaire epoch was marked with academic rigor that sought responsibility. I am not sure what our clamor is anchored on!
"I may not like what you say, but will defend your right to say it"

@ChakaSichangi Educate me! What gives?
Fact, reality unfolds hence the need to develop a consciousness that embraces both/ and as opposed to either/or!
No, the internal logic of a discerning spirit is averse to either/or purview of issues.
When George Bush said, "you are either with us or with terrorists.." It gave way to a new ethic of soft-enlistment!
An argument that pits people into either/or position does not tag me into thinking  of freedom...! I actually find it condescending..!
This fire from the Greek word 'menein', abide, stay, dwell. John uses it 63 times in his gospel.Faith is a call to a relationship not a law!
You could never have a better son!
Wild is love!
I loot, therefore I am.
I hate, therefore I am!
"Come and See!"
@lindahoguttu Ndiye huyu hapa, utadhani ni mamba, ng'oo, ni kenge! 
@lindahoguttu labda wafahamu burukenge! Naam?
Kwenye msafara wa mamba, kenge yumo..
#Kalonzo2017 will he run as Dr. Jekyll or Mr. Hyde?
@jessienk Not at all! A school in the UK.
Tomorrow, I get to preach to the "relapsed Catholics". The 5:30 PM mass at @StPaulsChapel.
@Karanimutonga You are an honorable man! The intolerance that goes with activism today borders on violence!
@robert_muthomi accepted, you are a good man!
@robert_muthomi Before you accuse me falsely! 
@robert_muthomi where do you draw that from?
Some people are tagging #JeSuisCharlie because the think he only caricatured Prophet Mohammed! That is only half the story!
I saw a depiction of the Holy Trinity by Charlie Hebdo and I was angry ..mortified...The hypocrisy of #JeSuisCharlie is abhorrent!
A day in the garage is always informative, away from the usual TL delusions of grandeur!
@MissWabuke well, 95-96 stint was very challenging, malaria, typhoid were guests every semester! There was something jinxed in that place!
@ChakaSichangi Yet, the vulture, that bird of prey does not sing!
"It makes no difference whether a bird is tied down by a heavy rope or by the slenderest of cords, it can’t fly in either case.”
"We're human and so we need to forgive each other and ourselves for being uptight and halting in our dance steps, even as we forgive others"
"Life is hard for everyone, particularly if you are trying to live in way that respects others even as you try to honor your own energies."
@ZakxMutugi @SpryVoice Let us talk content. Are we investing in content worth selling?
@MissWabuke I studied in St Augustine, Mabanga in my other reincarnation and I did not understand the obsession with the cut!!
@SpryVoice @ZakxMutugi public interest is spelt, commercial interest! Lol
@MissWabuke I understand, I thought you were too generous!
@MissWabuke @KTNKenya How do you dignify that with 'love the easy stuff' line?
@MissWabuke @KTNKenya how does the Bungoma incidence merit to be the first item in the news?
@SpryVoice his brinkmanship has caught up with him!
It is painful to watch news on Friday.
@Beingtweets: "If you exorcise your demons, your angels will leave too." –@JoeHenryMusic
@symowain  kila wakati ninapotaka kupoteza matumaini juu ya viongozi vijana Afrika, @JMakamba aangaza maono yangu!
Could this be the beginning of the end of #ICC or should I be bold enough to ask, is this the #ICC exit strategy?
@GabrielDolan1 that position is inaccurate! There was no consensus in the committee. I could DM you the number of the catholic party!
Dreams of my father #E220 lol
#Thatawkwardmoment when I call my dad and he has "nikushike" wait dial! Lol
“If my good friend Dr Gasparri says a curse word against my mother, he can expect a punch,” @Pontifex has a way with sense!
This is beyond hypocrisy!
ce ne est pas la liberté! 
@Olez Bibliophobia you mean? Lol
Lost is a place too!
I am in a meeting that has no structure, I am so lost yet everyone appears to be having fun...
Mummy!! But I've been good! It's dark!

[a child being shut in a gas chamber, 1942]
"Man owes it to himself to reject despair; better to rely on miracles than opt for resignation.By changing himself,man can change the world"
As Camus said, I continue to struggle against this universe in which children suffer and die!
If only the pain was wealth

and the tears a cure!

Loss, grief, fear and hopelessness!

Deep calling on deep!
Cancer is a terrible disease! Terrible doesn't say it. It is so difficult to walk the dead end path with a patient down that road...!
Like Kenya's political class deaths, this Yebei Meshack ghosts will not rest. Or is it a case of ' he never lived, how could he have died!'
#Devolution

Uga-tusi

Stadium of abuse!

Is that it?
#TheBigQuestion Did Wamwala quote Nigeria as a model of dialogue? President Goodluck? No way, only in Nigerian movies is dialogue visible!
Two years later, the Mutula's with their financial and brain deposit claim foul play!!! Be that as it may, why now?
Alexander Litvinenko died of polonium 210 poisoning while in London in 2006. Shall we get another bout of speculating what killed Mutula?
#Tweet4Elephants 
@paulakahumbu #Tweet4Elephants
#HandsOffOurElephants @paulakahumbu. Amboseli, local tourism! 
The highest calibration of Kenya's democracy is fast becoming thugocracy. To paraphrase Macharia Gaitho!
Very tough morning. I need a debrief! My space has been ruffled!
Been on phone with my Austrian priest colleague. It is depressing to hear that the threat of terrorism in Europe is equal to Islamophobia!
Coup de gracè terrorismè! 
Proportionality is not a Kenyan trait.

How dare you ask for consistency?
2. that he will not be one failing or mediocre majority. Roy F Baumeister in "is there anything good about men"
1.The male ego is nature's answer to the ultimate futility of most males lives. It enables each make to think that he is different,
I keep wondering how long #Presspass will be allowed to run. It is too 'liberal' to be hosted by NMG...And now and then touch on policy!
#Presspass Cartoons, comic relief is welcome. It is the standards of writing that is at times too painful to bear!
Dinner with golfers is a no no for me! I certainly have a handicap!
#Januaryvibes

There is too much month left at the end of the money!

#Kutesekanikwamuda!
Son writes to dad.

No mon, no fun, your son.

Dad replies.

So sad, too bad, your dad.
@GabrielDolan1 are you suggesting that the Church could have tampered with the vials? Please clarify that part!
@GabrielDolan1 What do you do when you are in doubt? What is the status of 3/59 vials? Not clear from the press release?
@GabrielDolan1 You don't think there was a point made by the committee? Need for vigilance?
Life2015

#jesuisvérité

We use violence to get what we want, the terror of the tyrant invites the terror of the revolutionary.
"African culture had its own ritual of reconciliation and needn't depend solely on the Christian terminology of confession and forgiveness"
5. Never shall I forget these things, even if I am condemned to live as long as God Himself. Never!
4. Never shall I forget those moments which murdered my God and my soul and turned my dreams to dust.
3.Never shall I forget that nocturnal silence which deprived me for all eternity, of the desire to live.
2. Never shall I forget those flames which consumed my faith forever.
1. Never shall I forget the little faces of the children, whose bodies I saw turned into wreaths of smoke beneath a silent blue sky.
The greatest counter-testimony to both Judaism and Christianity as expressed by Elie Wiesel. It wrings my heart as it first did in 2000!
Is Bibi the face of freedom in the world? Doesn't he cut a figure of controversy?
Would you like to have your postmortem made public for all and sundry?
@SpryVoice let me get to my sources. The twist needs first hand source!
I plead that we have sobriety while reporting this issue. We cannot have triumphalism on this, people must have faith in vaccines going ff
What we need is institutional responsibility and goodwill in such matters. It is not who is left with the egg,  it is not a contest.
Unconfirmed reports indicate that 3/59 vials tested were contaminated. The government of course is trying to downplay this.
Of course, the point was not about the truth or doubt. I got "We don't trust the GOK on many things, but we mistrust the Church more."
When I raised my reservations about the Tetanus Vaccine, I got a rebuttal right here. My standpoint was, when in doubt, you verify.
@RookieKE We are that bad? There must be something that can rally us together. Anything? When were we one last?
An atheist said, "If Christians are the light of the world, somebody has forgotten to turn the switch on."
One cannot expect morality from politicians but one can hold them to the ethics of accountability. {From country of my skull by Antjie Krog}
*The pain*

All healing is self-healing. 

May the day break!
"God is not a theological concept but an experience of intimacy and fascination"
I thought the jihadists who die have 72 virgins waiting...
@CNN has a breaking news caption, "Women rise in global terrorism." Their motivation is to be reunited with Jihadists who die as martyrs!
The vulture, the bird of prey is a very patient bird....
@RookieKE No way, it must be language differential coefficient * 
*mathematicssoftware*
Ill-mannered politicians like dirt beneath the fingernails are hard to clean,one must cut the fingernails. Reason to have elections often!
Be very careful with anyone who cannot connect with their friend's grief! More so, a leader who spurts 3rd grade politics while eulogizing!
From where I sit, all the political speeches meant nothing to Jakom and Ida. In fact, I honor your patience and resilience.
Leaders, when Ida and Jakom are the ones to make sense in a funeral of their son. It says that you are cold, heartless and callous!
@SpryVoice @rizzieky no, my point is, there should be no assumptions. Broker a connection, at best in silence when words are superfluous
Jakom beats them all...
@alaminkimathi You wonder what emotional reaction that is supposed to elicit!
@SpryVoice @rizzieky Absolutely! A heart to heart talk...how many connect at that level?
That is a new one, " The gods have conspired against you" It is so Greek!
Kalonzo Stephen Musyoka. Aka Dr Jekyll and Hyde...! Art perfected!!!

Kibaki how did you work with this man?
@rizzieky don't even say, you have an idea, say, I cannot even imagine how you are feeling...then go silent!
Never utter the words, I know how you are feeling! It is the most useless line to use in a funeral and/or to someone in pain!
@SpryVoice Gaddo asked that in caricature and we #CharlieHebdod him!
I pray Lwam Bekele does not understand Swahili.
Muthama....Does this man ever make sense?
Omar, what did Fidel die for?
Is  Khalwale honestly aware what function he is addressing?
Ongoro is special, she only forgot to console the family!
For Muthama, Ongoro and Khalwale!!! 

High octane vitriol!
That cultural twist...pass!
@SpryVoice @Fchurii  In that case...ridiculous!
@SpryVoice The interviewee had a slip of the mind, is he a media person? I doubt. @Fchurii handled it well, live TV gaffe!
@Fchurii ha ha ha... It should not even be a story for another day. As Your spiritual director, nimekataa! Shindwe!
@munyragu and blew it shrill lol
@munyragu politicians are a mystery, he did not allow political speeches during his bereavement a month ago, here he is with a vuvuzela!
PK is not a babble gum!

Choice words!
And like Ababu, we wipe their tears with a march to power! -John Garang, save us!
They are not even human like us, they don't mourn like us, they don't cry like us, we serve them politics when they have lost their own!
We have created a political class that is a monster. We submit to them. We are in love-hate union. More like a Stockholm syndrome!
@tonymuturi Ritual is key to closure, whether cultural, religious, filial etc, I wonder what ritual politics offers!
Mourning for a politician's family is a very very lonely space!
Garang's son wins my heart, rubbishes how we have chosen to mourn, politic and speculate! True friendship...
The scriptures, Job is the most misquoted personality in the bible....anyway, it is categorized as wisdom literature in biblical theology!
When you have to sift your not so politically correct thoughts feed your utterances!
What is normal in Nairobi?
His money grows on trees? 

Which tree?

Even fruits go off-season!

Go figure!
Strange; While showing Hollande chairing security council meeting, @AJEnglish blurs the faces of the security chiefs! @fkariuki
2. by not simply and honestly admitting and owning our own pain, our own helplessness, our own weakness, and our own inadequacy.
1. The way we take pain to our heads and block healing tears in our hearts is by denial, by rationalization, by blaming,
4. whether you are taking your wounds to your head or your heart.
better to let them enter into your silence than to talk about them. The choice you face constantly is...
2. through instead of thinking them through. It is better to cry than to worry, better to feel your wounds than to understand them,
1. Writing in his journal during a time of bitter heartbreak, Henri Nouwen wrote these words: The great challenge is living your wounds..
@RookieKE @AJEnglish When the cradle of human renaissance is attacked, we get, Liberté. Égalité. Ambiguïté.!
@RookieKE Je ne sais sais pas . crise française a été il!!
While at it, I do not understand how French intelligence works.... But again,je ne sais pas français!
Following the hostage crisis, the reporting, the undertones and the images... All international media, did 2000 Nigerians get killed today?
Worth noting that @SkyNews @AJEnglish @BBCWorld have been congregated in the same position, you'd think they are sharing a feed!
@SpryVoice Then it runs in the family! Eero!
Why is there smell of cow dung when I use the AC in my Subaru? Bio-gas?
Now I know why they live in the fifth estate!
A moment of silence for 2000 killed by Boko Haram in Nigeria. When will the cameras leave Paris?
I would want to tweet so much, but I have to restrain myself so jealously!
So this doctor sees me walk with a limp because of my Achilles heel strain and shouts, " Father, umepatwa na gouts." Sawa tu!!
The moral loneliness that this country throws your way is surreal, little wonder we need religion to cope!
I get to meet this patient who got healed at the crusade in Nakuru, ten days later he 'relapsed'. Auto-suggestion? #miffed
But again, it is a free-world, freedom reigns!
Democracy, you die, we declare "santo subito!'
Just assume the answer to every question is compassion! May the day break!
( My first ever scripture tweet) 

John16:2~ "Anyone who kills you will think he is doing a holy duty for God~"

Amen!
I believe contemplation and suffering are two primary paths to transformation!
2. at those explanations, or how self-serving they usually are. R. Rohr
1.The fundamentalist mind is a mind that likes answers and explanation so much, that remains willfully ignorant about how history arrived..
The people who find God are usually those who are very serious about their quest and their questions not so about those certain with answers
It is important to know that people can be personally well-intentioned and sincere, but structurally they cannot see certain things. ~R.Rohr
Ugandans keep on winning, Dominic Ongwen gets an acclaim from his ethnic base, he is sanitized and canonized!
My gym trainer calls wondering whats up with me. I tell him that I got an Achilles heel injury."Pole, this year I need you to have a 6 pack"
While at it, I am running late on my 2014 bucket list, taking SALSA classes!
@RookieKE @MrsMwiti When, like me, you have no Maths software, it becomes a foreign language!
Wake me up, it is 2015, we do things so 1975! 40 years on...
@Olez is he Jeckll or Hyde today?
Anyway, let us fight extremism with satire, the barrel of the gun has totally failed. 
@Comrade_Otoa Can somebody host religion when they are psychologically unhealthy?
@SpryVoice @iAlen I don't remember him having a thick skin! Kibaki, very!!!
@SpryVoice @iAlen Only after you have left office will people appreciate your "thick skin!" No?
@Comrade_Otoa is there affinity of psychopaths, neurotics with religion? Or is religion simply triangulated into our antisocial tendencies?
@Comrade_Otoa The murderers do! Did they do it in God's name? I thought they said they had avenged for the prophet!
To be human is to realize that we, all of us together, are in a dynamic, fluid relationship with each other and with all of creation. E. Jon
@Fchurii Sina neno, nashukuru!
Bounty: Did anyone patent the phrase, "If you rattle a snake!"
@LinusKaikai Not even Westgate elicited a conversation around religious fundamentalism! No?
Ideological slant:-Terrorist act= religious intolerance = government failure= free-press=race=radicalization=police brutality [US, EU,AFR}
Mpeketoni happens, ole Lenku, Mandera happens, ole Lenku
#ChalieHebdo happens, religion!

*whistles* Freedom is coming tomorrow, Sarafina!
Beeline, take a hike to hell, we are the world!
Brinkmanship, how much can I offend before I draw a reaction?
Baloney, freedom of press is sacrosanct, freedom of worship is choice!
Bold rule, the only limit to satire is denial of the holocaust!
Behold, a generation that thinks responsibility is servitude!
"See how they LOVE one another." This was said of the early church. If you used that phrase in Kenya today, who would it refer to?
@munyragu @Olez You are too generous to dignify it as hypocrisy! Lol
@SpryVoice @Fchurii The exposure makes all the difference. They have remained in the frog pond while you jumped into the deep blue sea!
@SpryVoice he he he! Mastery in all three is a greater miracle. @Fchurii
If you take left wing radicalism to the extreme as a magazine,the offended  may push you off the cliff, unfortunately!
@SpryVoice A leader thrives on insults and ridicule! #Agīkūyū, Central Kenya, E.Africa.
@SpryVoice lol dis for Njinū? No, ridicule more like it.
#KikuyuProverb. Irio cia mūtongoria nī irumi na njinū! @SpryVoice, English translation?
Not even Westgate elicited a conversation around religious fundamentalism! No?
By the way, why are we having this conversation while right here, people have been slaughtered for not reciting a verse in the Koran?
@RookieKE You mean it does not enkindle awe? Where did you visit?
It is not their God who is a threat, it is their belief in a tin--god who has to be defended! Wardian philosophy,"The animals are innocent"
@AJEnglish cc @SpryVoice Listen in!
In my next reincarnation, I want to be a monk, please God, make it happen!
I thought the French had the best intelligence in the world. Pun intended!
@RookieKE @SpryVoice myonge hana haki!
@RookieKE @SpryVoice Wewe!..... Censored! That's my point!
@SpryVoice No, that would be  more like a high ransom we pay for nine months lodging in the womb!
@mwihakiwanjeri the bias, the liking and the challenge, all put in discernment! Yield the tension!
@mwihakiwanjeri Perhaps you need to process that before then. Call for good discernment!
@mwihakiwanjeri I like to discover beyond and yonder with those who share no religion and those who do. What d'you think you need to relearn
@mwihakiwanjeri  I have many friends like you, while I am comfortable with their space, they are so cynical about mine. Why?
@mwihakiwanjeri is that a cynical question?
@mwihakiwanjeri Bad experiences are formative, I hope you are happy in your space. Don't be cynical about religion. It is a good space too!
@munyragu I thought you were to tell me of Diana Spencer? By the way, was there an autopsy for John Paul 2? *Takes cover*
Kenyans are restless with doubt and silence! @RookieKE @SpryVoice @munyragu @Olez @murigikamande
@munyragu Give me one, one post-mortem report in history that cleared any suspicion of the masses!
@mwihakiwanjeri is that the reason you can't handle religion? Is religion about anthropomorphic tendencies of God only?
Pray, must we be so morbid about death?
@mwihakiwanjeri People confuse religion with spirituality. Many cant handle both well, some pursue one... I don't know, who am I to judge?
I repeat, a post-mortem is a family issue for closure purpose. The rest should be on a need to know basis, and, think about it, what need!?
Anyway, I work with vulnerable patients and sitting by their side for hours has crafted a different purview and formation in me!
@RookieKE It is not compassion driven, we have been conveniently wired to be suspicious and mistrust without basis! Incredible...
I followed @SpryVoice argument on respect yesterday, compassion doesn't change because I know the cause of death, in fact, I do not need to!
I feel sad when we entrench in our culture and psyche, practices that are destructive.. And repeated often enough set a precedence!
@RookieKE I think we shouldn't in the first place be drawn into the jurisdiction that it is our concern!
The inveterate need to know, will be our own death! IMHO, post-mortem results are meant for the closest family members for closure!
I nominate #MusauNdunda for "The parent of the year award." Enough passion and consistency to boot!
@Olez once you had interest in meeting me, then, Kanyari happened, sawa tu!
@Olez He he he! Why are you so keen on details?
I dive in into the day. Deep end!
My version of agape latte talk tomorrow morning. I love it but it gives me a squishy Kumbaya feeling on the eve! 

May the day break!
Yebei has everyone scampering for missing dots, pray #ICC is in control of the process, everyone they touch leaves a trail of mystery! #jinx
The best driving company I have is on being podcast. @Beingtweets
@symowain Believe you me, thinkers are the worst to prepare for dying and death!
@symowain It unnecessarily honors the mind. Rene Descartes domain?
I love questions that people ask, all people, including activists, but the "WHY" ? is not an easy one. Luckily, my JD demands that I don't.
@tonymuturi Mnnh! I read books outside the orthodox index, gives me that 'demystifying' purview!
There people who behave like the bible is some kind of 'seven habits of most effective people' far from it, it is a text in travail. R. Rohr
Outside your own inner experience of God, most religion will remain merely ritualistic, moralistic, doctrinaire and largely unhappy. R.Rohr
@doreenapollos Benissimo!
@doreenapollos Naah, I am still lobbying to have the Swiss guard job with the @Pontifex!
@doreenapollos Am turning 40 this year, I will do something out of the ordinary...still figuring it out!!
Enjoy the gym, eat healthy, preferably small portions, combine weights and vigorous cardio. Sleep and drink lots of water. And ...meditate!
1.The most effective way to loose weight is never to gain any.  

2. You don't loose fat around the tummy by doing abs exercises! SMH
The gym today has all the "new-year resolution-cut-weight-crowd." I love the enthusiasm, and many questions. "Hey, I have never had tummy!"
@MediaWatchKe That is a  revolutionary term, I doubt it is an agenda  the mainstream media would propagate. "Mjinga akierevuka...."
The clichè, words are cheap is too specific. Best used when words are superfluous hence a hug, a kiss or a touch are appropriate!
@Olez Or cheering on others banqueting!
@symowain I think it is best to patiently wait #ICC soap opera unfold. Unfortunately, it is a tragicomedy!
@FrMkaranja He is Yebei, the plot thickens when Khan owns that he was his witness. The impression created was he was a prosecution witness!
#Loadedwords   
The Lord has told me
Impeccable sources
Nimeuona mkono wa bwana

My mum used to tell me.

'Even before you say it, I know!'
I am trained in the acute awareness that words have meaning, all words. I marvel when I note someone is using words with careless piffle!
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity and I am not sure about the former. Albert Einstein.
Today, John Cardinal Njue, celebrates his  42nd Year of Priestly Anniversary, having been ordained on 6th Jan, 1973. Ad Multos Annos!
~ I get this DM, LQTM at your monologue.  That is why priests should restrict their exercise to short walks around the cathedral~ Sawa tu!
@munyragu lolest. It is my aging mind that I should shelf....
5) I assure them that I am alright. I cannot understand why they never told me of my faux pas when I asked!
4) sweat. 'Go in peace!' Off to the sacristy, un-vest then walk out through the aisle with a limp. Two nuns in tow. "What is it? Teary...
3) Forgot to say, I walked into the chapel with a limp, my Achilles heel acting up after a 20KM run in 2 days. I commune them while dripping
2) shaking 'Fr, you have skipped the consecration" " I asked you and you all looked at me?" I go back, now profusely perspiring, no hanky...
1) I get a liturgical faux pas, after Gloria, I skip the consecration. I ask the nuns whether I have,silence, then one walks to the alter...
@olooochieng @guardian Let me dig in first. Will comment.
We can just ask "What is wrong with the @TheStarKenya"
@Mutho_nee is it another version of primitive energy?
Half-way into #PressPass and I am still lost what the discussion is about! Is the media playing victim instead of doing self-introspection?
The struggle for those who are trained to be problem solvers, to have the last word, be the lead ship. When they'r down, others see strength
Many people do well in supporting others with loads of sensitivity, where we go wrong is how we cope with our own trauma, pain and loss!
Numbness, inability to access our feelings and difficulty in communicating them are struggles many men experience!
#RIPMeshackMibei This story does not add up. Aren't all witnesses on a protection program? Is their identity known to family and public?
#Wisdom. Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are a vexation to the spirit. Hence on SM, don't follow, RT, or favorite! Best, block!
Even Christian charity demands that you become close to some people by maintaining distance! #prudence
Thank you, @twitter, lesson,anything worth saying can be said in 140 characters or less. #seekingverification
What is the untold story about digital migration? My curiosity borders on suspicion!
@skmusyoka We all share in the grief, what did the postmortem of Mutula and Kajwang reveal?
Oh No! A collapsed building in Huruma? My condolences to the bereaved. Courage to the rescuers!
@ay1m This convo has a context, do familiarize yourself with it before throwing aspersions! @RookieKE @Olez
@Olez or, we loved him  but God loved him more! Incongruous balderdash !!
C) It stimulates our struggles in life!
B) It provokes a personal responsibility with a deeper understanding of life. ~There is nothing as formative as suffering~
A) it gives us an opportunity to have self-transcendence. Arise from our frog-pond of self-pity and powerlessness!
1- What does suffering impact on us? That is always the question all of us have to honor!
@RookieKE if only we knew that silence is a handy tool of diffusing tension!
@RookieKE I never understand why we find words appropriate in situations where silence would be most befitting!
Is that a Subaru? @RookieKE *blues*
@RookieKE anyhow, I hear that a lot having to work in a hospital, but I never leave it go unchallenged, earning me an 'evil look'
@RookieKE Did you ask why the god took the one they had?
I have often frowned at the popular cliché. " God loved him more!" is it meant to console the bereaved or to praise the sadomasochist god?
@symowain @munyragu be that as it may, what does it say of our brand and bland politics? Need to be afraid? @blamuel_ndiema
@munyragu @symowain He is special. Whatever happened to him. Every public utterance he makes has a certain ring to it! No?
Kalonzo Musyoka, there goes a national leader remarks! The spin is unfortunate  and preposterous!
3. It frees us from the burden of thinking and from personal responsibility.
2. Yet there is a strange comfort in staying within the confines of such a leader and his ideologies, even if it leads us to do evil.
1. Most wars, genocides and tragedies in history have been waged by unquestioning followers of dominating leaders.
As Rainer M Rilke said, "When we are only victorious over small things, it leaves us feeling small." Terrified by the tweets I have seen!
@Comrade_Otoa First off, the dust has not settled, emotions are pitch high, conspiracy theories mill active. Your RT earlier is not true!
@Comrade_Otoa I missed that, read Russian roulette! How now?
#RIPFidelOdinga May there be a beautiful welcome for you in eternity!
4) I have hitched my wagon to a star,
A star of hope, the star of Bethlehem.
(-Gordon wilson's daughter was killed,he forgave her killers.)-
3) I would like to leave the world a better place than I found it,
But I have no exaggerated ideas about my ability to do so.
2) Life has been kind to me in the main
And I have tried to live by the good book
I do not profess to be a good man, but I aim to be.
1) I am an ordinary sort of a man
I have no political ambitions and no political aspirations.
I just want to live and let live.
So the legend goes that Artaban was the fourth wise man who carried sapphire, ruby and pearls as gifts for the new king but he detoured!
@Olez what with its circumlocucious argumentation in the Kenyan case? *ignore spell-check*
@Reuters We need an international criminal court but #ICC as presently constituted and funded is not equal to the task!@Olez
3rd day of the year #TeamMouse 
@MediaWatchKe You      
have a national debate about ranking of schools and Njoki Chege's article and other short stories! @Rookie
WORK:  
Keep the public busy, busy, busy, with no time to think.
ENTERTAINMENT  
Keep the public entertained with below sixth grade content.
SCHOOLS:
Keep the young public ignorant of real mathematics, real economics, real law, and real history.
In summary. 
MEDIA - keep the adult public attention diverted away from the real issues and captivated by matters of no real importance!
..to highly fabricated outside priorities.
c) rewriting history and law and subjecting the public to the deviant creation, thus being able to shift their thinking from personal needs
b) giving them what they desire - in excess- "junk food for thought"- and depriving them of what they really need.
a) unrelenting emotional affront and attacks ( mental and emotional rape) by constant barrage of sex, violence, and war in the media.
2. Engaging their motions, increasing their self indulgence and their indulgence in emotional and physical activities by;
1b. System design and economics, and discouraging technical creativity.
1. Disengaging their minds; sabotaging their mental activities; providing a low-quality program of public education in mathematics..
&lt;How is this achieved?&gt;
2. and ignorant of basic systems principles on the one hand, while keeping them confused, disorganized and distracted with petty matters.
1. Experience has shown that the simplest method of securing a silent weapon and gain control of the public is to keep them undisciplined..
US Naval intelligence, 1969 contained in a document titled 'silent weapons for a quiet war' is  truly a surreal read. &lt;FF&gt;
Death is no cure for ignorance!
Did that teacher in West Pokot say on national TV say, "...there will be no classrooms on Monday!" Oh my, #RIPEnglish @CitizenTVNews
@dnkariuki @murigikamande Kiai take a drive from Ruiru to Githunguri, then use Moi road to Kagwe and beyond. Kindly, use a tractor!
Nota Bene;The legislators have summoned CS education to explain the not-ranking fiat not the 250,000 pupils who will not proceed to high sch
@RookieKE Happy new year!
@MediaWatchKe And behold the other sister  @TheStarKenya weighed in! 
@RookieKE If we factored in the spirit of absolute freedom and the letter of sovereignty as enshrined in our constitution, we are way ahead!
@RookieKE Haven't you heard the mantra, 'We have the best, the most revolutionary constitution in the world?'
@RookieKE By all means, he must have been turned into a 'big devil' by the 'little devils' without tails. No?
@RookieKE It has to do with my sensitivity and bias in psychology! The writer is 'too angry' and alas uses 'I hate'. Hyperbolic flair? Lol
@RookieKE kids are ogres, little devils with tails, tyrants, angry at themselves...
@RookieKE Why do I have a problem with the  endless labeling used throughout in this story?
@symowain I don't know what I have been smoking all night, living in this hood can be tricky, pollution speaking, Wagwan!!!
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none else can free your mind.... Waking up to that, prophet call?
Hundredth monkey syndrome!
Karma; a victim mentality produces a victim reality!
@AJStream @AJEnglish That is not factual. He was not jailed for insulting the president!
Self-appraisal? The question makes all the difference between growth and puniness @dailynation @MediaWatchKe 
@munyragu @AJEnglish Who called no standards double standards?
@Olez @AJEnglish a political court? Whose interest does it serve? What bearing does this have for the Kenyan case?
@Olez @AJEnglish in that case, am I right to conclude that ICC  is not independent, impartial or relevant as presently constituted?
@AJEnglish Is this the beginning of the end of ICC? A political court can never survive the undercurrents of #Palestine # Israel  duel!
@RookieKE does that unite us really or we momentarily partake in their success and glory?
@Olez True, like prisoners live within four walls?
What is one thing that unites all Kenya? One thing only!
To all the parents calling me to fix their kids to a national school yet they got 240 Marks, i only have one school in mind, Tahidi High!
Kimaiyo, one does not need counseling and spiritual support because they are not strong enough. You need it to cope,clarify and stay afloat
@Olez I appreciate what you have tweeted all day.
My two cent legal instinct would have been to mitigate with a psychiatrist review or great psychological trauma!
@Mutho_nee you are too gracious, I see comorbidity... And, only a sick person, 'no normal person' is a hard find! No?
If anyone sees no threat in having such posts, show me what absolute freedom isn't  and in turn will show you palatable venom!
I have just seen what Wadi wrote. Did the judge order for a psychiatrist report before sentencing him? That should be the question!
Simone Weil: Those who are unhappy have no need for anything in this world, but people who are capable of giving them attention!
Does God demand loyalty like any medieval tyrant?
What if God doesn't do things at all and that He is in things?
@wambuiwaithaka @LukoyeAtwoli @kmpdu Who are these doctors doing confirmatory tests of healing at the crusade in Nakuru?
I guess the caption "advertiser's event" is a disclaimer by @ntvkenya @dailynation and NMG! 
@BBCAfrica A failed coup is a bad idea in Africa. It will certainly give Jammeh a new lease of dictatorial life!
I hope I will keep this love-hate relationship with the media and my many journalist friends! Lol
@RookieKE See! Vox Populi, Vox Dei!
This book, this man @RichardRohrOFM " the lord comes to us disguised as ourselves."
By the way, there is a difference between healing and cure! Doctors always talk of cure!
@janbosire @Fchurii He he he! Me humble? hiyo mūratina ilikuwa na nini?
@NationBreaking Well, I thought nation would not break this news. Is it coincidence that you tweet this minutes after service has ended?
@Kenya_Airports you have posted ETA as 1830 while @EtihadAirways indicates it is 2000hrs. Which is which?
@RookieKE I am privy to something that I wouldn't share on this TL!
@RookieKE We know from Judeo-Christian tradition how prophets came to be. I see a cultic leader, fully manifest, with fanatical following!
@RookieKE By the way, who is he? Has anyone ever asked who he is? Where did he train in Theology? Or the aura of mystery is his ministry?
@EtihadHelp What is the ETA?
@RookieKE Unfortunately, many patients are discharged for Christmas break. They go here,fail to take medication, don't eat, exposure...
What is the status of flight E641 ADB-NBI @EtihadAirways?
@RookieKE But this is far from holding on to life, it is manipulation. You feel pain in the bone marrow if you work in a hospital as I do!
@StandardKenya's turn to write about Prophet Owour as NMG mints the millions. @dailynation would hardly write such! There goes your media!
