@akobihyl im keeping you to this 
I look like my mother's clone. Like I literally inherited most of her face its freaky
Still mad bitter that she didn't go into modeling so that we could all be rich. 

Happy Mother's Day,… 
PSA: Accidents can turn into beautiful things. 

Example: Me.
That was a watchmen reference #lt
The end is nigh
Y'know, looking back at it. I guess nothing couldve really saved me.
Okay so if you're a dude who's taking a deuce in a public restroom, can you pls not moan so cartoonishly loud.
What is the strangest dream you've ever had? — I dreamt that Les Miserables the movies was 30 minutes shorter wi... 
What question would you like to ask the Somali pirate? — Is there REALLY a captain? aren't we all captains? Of o... 
I miss being in the center of the universe <STATUE OF LIBERTY> 
I might actually cough up a lung one of these days
What do you look forward to most this year? — NIPPON. THE FLOATING KINGDOM. 
So I cooked homemade/ratchet penne a la vodka for the first time and it hasn't killed my family so yay?¿ 
#lt you can thank @Dj_eneba for the atrocity ladies and gentleman
100% Filipino and 100% confused I have good lighting #asianinvasion 
@Dj_eneba Sighhhhhhh I DONT EVEN LOOK ASIAN BUT OK
@Dj_eneba I want to but im ugly as Eve's first sin
Actual clip of me when someone asks me to sing out of nowhere 
@sassysoprano_ Royalty just blessed your twitter
There's nothing that will make you love yourself more faster than practicing a monologue in front of your iPhone camera and messing up a lot
I have an audition tomorrow and @newmtsongs won't send me a new password even though I asked for one a few days ago.
everyone in my dream kept saying: "WHO DOESNT TAKE A MATH CLASS IN COLLEGE??"

so I think my brain is trying to tell me something
When your mom takes the aux cord to play bad music and you don't wanna say anything cause she's buying you chipotle 
On this night of a thousand stars, an amazing Argentinian lady was born. She was loved by many in her… 
"How do you keep your hair up like that without hair gel??" 

I use God's hair gel. Electricity. 
Fob or atl — Fall Out Boy. I love All Time Low but... bro, Fall Out Boy. 
How do you know that you're in love? — When she buys you a new sled after you help save her sister from burying ... 
it's the last week of school, it still hasn't hit me
People who still laugh at reddit memes are probably the worse people.
#collegein5words Im getting sick of Ramen
And then he said that the guy who wrote the article didn't know boxing and then kept using homophobic slurs to insult Mayweather.

wow.
My uncle (I think) shared a link to an article where it clearly explained how Mayweather beat Pacman boxing wise
Filipinos can be so fucking childish when it comes to Pacquiao man
I wonder if my professor would believe me if I said my family's from Mexico and excuse me from class today for Cinco De Mayo

Probably.
Why whole acting class spent the whole class period coaching me on how to approach random cute girls on campus <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
The fact that you can't go to the chipotle in Bethesda cause Obama's daughters are there a lot is an actual problem
May the Firth be with you 
Just realized I can actually say "Wow this place is like the island I grew up on" and it would actually be legit.
I just feel like I'm stranded on an island sometimes.
I hate when I feel sad and hopeless and my friends are so busy all the time that I don't even want to bother them with my petty problems
@JRanTheMan Shes also been hinting that he has royal blood this whole season.
Bruh that story about Ned Stark's Sister and Rhaegar targaryen was so important cause of Jon Snow
@chad_vann is this your wifi? 
The Phantom Of The Opera 2's story literally just boils down to Raoul being a giant loser
#ss and reunion with a couple of actresses I hire to make my life look interesting. I mean side bæs.… 
I think most people are just surprised when they hear that boxing matches can be won by points. Not Rocky style knockouts.
Do any of my filipino relatives on facebook even know what the basic rules of boxing are? Probably not cause they're spewing nonsense
But that patty melt though <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
Sometimes Im like "Man I should trust and put my faith in people again" and then People are like "LOL JK FUK U" and I regret it immediately.
"Do you use snapchat to simultaneously show how creative/ how much of a loser you are?"

Yeah I've been trying to get that across
#lt that tweet will only be funny to myself and i die of laughter everytime
Someone said that I should post more selfies so here you go 
@annapb34 Don't hate me cause you ain't me 
OMG  
Weightless or the anthem — The Anthem. Always. 
In too deep or sugar we're going down — Lol Sugar We're Going Down is 5 Seconds Of Summer's best song. In all se... 
The harmonies in Fortress Of Solitude the musical &gt; you
@Patarrrrz But Nothing Personal is still a really really good album
Nothing Personal or So wrong it's right — SO WRONG ITS RIGHT HOW IS THIS A QUESTION 
Screaming bloody murder or does this look infected — Does This Look Infected saved my tween years 
Sum 41 or good charlotte — Sum 41 all the way, but I really like Good Charlotte. Oh and "The Anthem" is one of t... 
Chuck or go chuck yourself — Well, Go Chuck Yourself is better to me personally because I love when bands do liv... 
Can someone ask me to cast shows other than Avenue Q and Spring Awakening tho
All killer no filler or underclass hero — All Killer No Filler, Katie 
I havent been on in forever so go ahead and ask me anything 
@aimeebrennann @jaimeeatilano JAIME HAVE YOU BEEN STEALING MY PANTS GOD DAMMIT
Someone's been stealing my skinny black jeans, denim, and khakis and I'm livid
I'm never going to get tired of the Rock Of Ages Broadway cast album
@JuliaWarner01 You don't have to be big af to be able to snap a dude's neck with your legs tho
@JuliaWarner01 Plus you're buff as shit so that helps
@robinbanks_ THEY HAVE LAMINATED CARDS AND THOSE TIN BOXES FOR DECKS. I FEEL LIKE IM IN KINDEGARTEN
These dudes at MC Rockville are really about to have a yu-gi-oh tournament on the table next to me.
@vaughan_morgan Can you spell "O-K *comma* S-U-R-E"?
@vaughan_morgan Fight me on Friday.
@vaughan_morgan This is some awful ad lib, Panch.
@vaughan_morgan Nah
@annapb34 
@annapb34: "I'm never in anyone's imaginary casts but jokes on you I'm gonna be a princess when I grow up"

Oh. 
@baejelly Yo anything to help you not be down on yourself. You don't deserve that.
Hey everyone, @baejelly is a pretty, talented, and overall awesome human being. Spread the word.
@robinbanks_ Lol atheists are assholes but they know not to push. You're about to get death threats this year, Miriam. I can feel it <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@robinbanks_ This is Jaime never got me into Kpop. Butthurt fans that are somehow worse than Beliebers and directioners
It's funny how @robinbanks_ is so famous and infamous but like we both work in hell on weekends and suffer equally. Guys. She's human okay.
@robinbanks_ she always did that in AP World. That's how our whole grade failed the AP test
@Patarrrrz 
@Patarrrrz 
gee I wonder why the media didn't call these fans "thugs" or saying that they "plunged their city into chaos" 
@billyowens174 Or they would twist to make their side somehow look innocent
@billyowens174 There's already timelines and articles about it. So people have no excuse when they say "The news told me this"
@Patarrrrz or that rioting has been THE only thing that has happened in response to Freddie Gray
@Patarrrrz But PLEASE don't act like there haven't been peaceful protesting in Baltimore already.
YES violence is wrong. YES people are getting hurt. YES this shouldn't be the answer...
@Patarrrrz Without trying to see WHY that other side is doing or saying what they're saying. 

That's ignorance.
Look you can argue your side on this, you have a right. But to SHIT ON the other side without even trying to understand why...
Oh cause the news and media never blow it up in a negative way. I gotchu, news and media.
Bruh I didn't even know people riot and set cars on fire and get into fights after their team loses a game.
It's April 27th and we still have almost no idea how he sustained the injury that …
How does one do a monologue with a 1960's italian American accent
You look so perfect standing there, with your Nintendo and Atari underwear.
Does anyone know the hispanic word for taco?
yo PSA: If Katie Wattendorf actually gets me to be a fan of 5 Seconds Of Summer never let me live it down.
and like maybe a screenplay about a young boy who can exorcise demons. Idk.
I want write like so much recently. A comedic teen romance novel, a short story that parodies hipsters, a thesis on superheroes
Too pretentious or nah 
Sun rocks exist and they're pretty rad
TB to when I tweeted "fav and ill tell you what rock you are" as a joke but then got super serious and researched all kinds of rocks to fit
The guy who played Tony in Skins finally got his teeth fixed and here i am just not trying not to fade braces
Also I finally found a song to cover WOO
when you find a reason to live 
True story: People in EVITA thought I would be a dick cause I could sing. But then I bought donuts for the whole cast.
Going to a professional theatre audition and not even gonna expect a call back to ensemble #Sweg
I can never find a good song to make a full cover of
@imLOVAINit Lets just buy all the violent protesters donuts to calm them down
@imLOVAINit Im just saying it makes complete sense why they're at the stage now.
@imLOVAINit I agree. It's just a tragic situation. I'm not saying that the violent protesters are right. They're not.
@imLOVAINit But there have been peaceful protests for the past murders already and nothing has changed. Sooner or later, violence happens
@imLOVAINit Morally of course violence is wrong. You're breaking people's property and making yourselves look like they're ruled by emotion
#lt like buy him donuts. Cause donuts are the key to world peace
#lt You're not gonna ignore a man who's breaking property in outrage. You'd want to do something about it as quickly as possible.
Here's the thing about pacifism. It's easy to ignore a man on the street yelling "Hey this system is corrupt and kinda bullshit"
Stamp
Moe
Son
Slim
Movas
Cuz
Bob
Champ
Guh
On god
Geekin
Shawty 
Real live
Y'know I'll be watching Daredevil an enjoying myself but then I ask "where the fuck is spiderman?" and then I get all mad
@annapb34 Yo good question. Like. Where do we ALL go? y'know?
@jaimeeatilano Eww No 
I really hate going to a show and feeling like you wasted money cause its so bad.
The Marvel movie/tv continuity makes no sense.
"What do you want to listen to today?"

I'm feeling Middle Class White rock right now, can you put on some The Killers?
PSA: NETFLIX NEEDS MORE HORROR MOVIES TO ENTERTAIN ME
@chad_vann That ending though

it's hard believing in the human race when people can't find a WALL OF MAPLE SYRUP in a wegmans
"Wait.  I think this is the episode of Three's company where they have a misunderstanding" 

"Oh then I've already seen it"
Today we celebrate the existence of my true and only friends. Trees. @ seriously, happy earth day 
Bad grammar will be the death of me. Especially during a chris brown song.
brb, just gonna have an aneurysm 
I actually wanna get a Jack's Mannequin tattoo
"My fav indie singer is Ellie Goulding!"

Leave.
@Franchastic_ Bruh sing a pop song, your voice is literally perfect for everything
"Patrick have some broccoli with your food"

*Belts in A Flat* Fuck no babyyyyyyy
@Franchastic_ what you think i was serious? *Sings in falsetto* Fuck no babyyyy
@Franchastic_ Bruh, all their songs are about me. They keep saying stuff like "I want YOU back babe." the needa get over themselves.
@Franchastic_ sing some 1D. Their songs have the best lyrics
Does anyone wanna watch Carousel at Olney Theatre with me?
Currently 
Stuck in a community college I hate during a thunderstorm. This basically confirms that this the darkest timeline.
I wanna play Warren in Ordinary Days so badly
#lt there's a character named DickFace in my book. You know who you are.
If you're a close friend, then you're probably gonna be a character in the book im writing. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor
pigeons will never judge you, and they will always listen. Most importantly, they can't screenshot your insults to people you dislike.
I wanted a private Twitter to vent and throw shade at people. 

But then I just realized I can just say that stuff out loud to pigeons.
@_rijaa Bruh 
My coworkers have a betting pool to see how many cans of Nos Energy Drinks I can drink before I go into a seizure. 

ok
I'm gonna pull a Barney Stinson and buy a suit to cheer myself up.
One of my good friends made a lifelong commitment with his longtime gf at 18. 

I just learned how to cook Mac and cheese properly at 18.
Like will I be the lonely bachelor who's drunk all the time at the bar by 22?
Two of my friends who graduated with me got married. What.
@hannahr_barnes I've been listening to the movie soundtrack for a whole week now nonstop. No judgements here.
@hannahr_barnes Last 5 Years lyrics?
has anyone else felt so dead tired that they want to go to sleep but their personal demons just haunt them and keep them awake? Just me?
The only way I could make some real money is to write a best selling novel or something
Yup. 
This is an actual conversation I had with a friend when I moved from Potomac to Germantown 8th grade 
I HAVE NEVER CRINGED SO HARD TO THE POINT OF PAIN
Never look at past facebook chats. FUCKING. EVER.
@chad_vann 
My grandma keeps calling me and brothers "American Boys". As if we are no longer part of the Motherland
I remember when all I needed in my life was a good crate. I wish I could go back to those simple times
I have a million stories in my head but they're all Intro To Creative Writing levels of bad
Everyone had glo'd up and all I've really done is stop wearing glasses and started getting haircuts ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Aryans? More like ArYES!" - Adolf Hitler. Probably.
@annapb34 @katie_brigitte Katie, weren't you a dinosaur from Land Before Time. Don't judge.
Guys, I'm still on the fence about skylines. @ I know you at least smiled. 
Wait I got super hyped cause I thought the barbershop started playing Miss Saigon but then I realized that I had my ear buds on.
If they keep playing Nickelback here in the barbers, I'm gonna ask one of them to cut my ears off during my haircut.
lol King Tommen is a scrub #GameOfThronesSeason5
The Boltons better be fucking slaughtered #GameOfThronesSeason5
Aww yay Cassie from Skins is getting a lot of lines in this episode #GameOfThronesSeason5
Tyrion's about to meet Daenarys and take over Westeros #GameOfThronesSeason5
GAME OF THRONES
@chad_vann When are we getting married?
Throwback to when my friends and I sang to Bae and his wife at his house.

He better be hyped for Hillary 
me w/ customers: I'm basically your servant.

me when I go into a back room: MOTHER Fucking really? fucking why oh my fucking FUCK.

Retail.
Guys the Quidditch World Cup is today and I should be a part of that
my chamber choir and I sang for Presidential candidate O'Malley. Dude just zoned out and didn't appreciate it. 

Hillary for president.
Our baby bro wanted be in our selfie but we replied with, and I quote, "Nah." 

happy… 
Holden Caulfield, eat your heart out. @ Empire Diner 
#worshipallypeek
Who wants to star in a production of This Is Our Youth with Ally Peek and me?
happy birthday, Tony. You're still one of my fav singers and have an amazing day, bro! @hanky_panky_poo 
After watching Lion King, my nine year old baby brother is determined to watch every disney animated musical movie now. So proud.
Relationship goals since 2001 
@EmilyBaldridg You're halfway there
@chad_vann Im gonna go build some Tatami mats... on your face 
@chad_vann I hope you get poisoned by the shogun's mother. Oh wait...
#lt probably because it got replaced by an even better show, Starlight Express.
Chad, Ben, and I are probably the only ones who've seen all of Pacific Overtures since the 1980s
@chad_vann I hope you get hit on by 3 British sailors at the same time
@chad_vann This is racist
@virginsluts Didn't know you were jewish
@Ismexican its got Bars, amiright
Happy Easter from ya fav siblings @ Indie Album Cover 
@yooitsmo No shame
There shouldve been a house Arachnid in Harry Potter cause Spiders are more Unholy than snakes
I'm like the only one out of most of my friends who aren't afraid of snakes. 

Because I'm part of house Slytherin, bitch.
@chad_vann 
#lt this is how my mind works
I miss New York because of its amazing Pasta

I miss New York because of Pasta.

I miss New York Pasta.

I miss Pasta.

Pasta.
"where'd you get that jacket."
Me: Oh this little boutique in New York 
"what was it called."
Me: You probably never heard of it. Forever 21
@sassysoprano_ UH UH UH IEBFIDNDKD
@sassysoprano_ UH
Wen u know u met da One. 
"Disney should really diversify their princesses" 

Yeah there needs to be more Altos, ya feel
Married With Debt, Regrets, and Dead Dreams. The realistic spin off of Married With Children.
there's always like that one person that you're friends with on Snapchat who's stories are so bad that you regret ever opening them.
I've got a headache the size of Nippon: The Floating kingdom.
@chad_vann THERE IS NO OTHER WAY
I like Dirty Dancing because most of the guys in it possesses zero ability to move in rhythm. Just like me.
@annapb34 is that @TheLionKing on Broadway?
Central Park is cool I guess. @ Central Park, New York 
@Composercleo @Franchastic_ @_LaPetiteLau_ That's what all the side hoes say
@Composercleo @Franchastic_ @_LaPetiteLau_ Uh, das MY mans. Step off, Cleo

Hey I'm pregnant.

April Fools.

this joke literally sucks so much, why are people still doing it
a black out during a sunny day with no storm. 

i left the Philippines to avoid this situation from ever happening to me again
Happy birthday to one of the most gloriously TALENTED and funniest dudes I've ever met. Hope you have… 
Theatre Lab Filipino Invasion Summer 2k15 
@delaney_keefe hey check your text
@SamCornbrooks Hey, you should change your name to Slay Cornbrooks.
@katie_brigitte I WASNT CALLED BACK FOR THIS THOUGH. BUT IM A LEAD YAY
I can't stop shaking. Seriously so blessed and lucky right now 
Happy birthday to me 
Thanks for the best birthday I've had in years, New York. Till I visit you again next time @ The… 
@chad_vann PARTY. LIKE. A. FUCKING. SOCIALIST. 

I love you with every filipino fiber of my being
20 minutes till im 19 ayeee
The Center Of The Universe 
some people can be the literal embodiment of Skins USA and humanity is worse off
@Thats_so_Ramsay no. Dogs or death.
@chad_vann Too soon
@kristenpopcorn My love for you is like the ocean, endless. Thank you so much Kristen
@katie_brigitte Hey Katie. 
"@katie_brigitte: Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy birthday to the one and only @Patarrrrz !!!" <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
Scar: Zazu... can't you sing something more... light hearted?

Zazu: LET IT GOO LET IT GOOOOO THE COL-

Scar: NOOOooOO

#LionKingOnBroadway
*Yeets till exhaustion* 
*little girl in theatre crying*

me: Aww, you think her dad got trampled by a stampede? 

#LionKingOnBroadway
!! 
@graci3e3e Actually I love you so much like you don't understand
@graci3e3e who are you again? thank you stranger
Spread it @ 5th Avenue, Manhattan, NY 
Lion King and Ellen's Diner for my birthday today <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Penne Alla Vodka <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
New York Hotel feat. a bathrobe 
@Joel_Bernstein I will dude and I hope I do see you there!
@Joel_Bernstein Dude that would be such an honor. And I will once School lets me haha
@Joel_Bernstein especially in Much More
@Joel_Bernstein lol well I bought it as soon as it came out. Your voice is fucking chocolate to my ears 
@Joel_Bernstein dudeeee are you there for your new album?
@Joel_Bernstein tomorrow I will be
@Dorian_Ray @katyperry This made you laugh don't even try to fake
@katyperry What do I do with myself? Also "Firework" is never ever ever used as a singular so props for being different
@katyperry I feel like a plastic bag but instead of drifting through the wind, I'm weighed down by the pile of groceries that I call "life"
lack of sleep and hunger are the BEST combination where were you?
Every story has beginning, a middle, and an end.

BUT LIKE MINE IS THE ONLY ONE WITHOUT CHEESE FRIES UGH
@imLOVAINit Who are u?
@annapb34 Wtf is All Shook Up btw
It's kinda hilarious that the Friendzone was invented by some butthurt guy who didn't get the girl eons ago
@annapb34 Youre right next to a poster of All Shook Up. Can't get any better than that.
Hey my college did a tribute to Anna Peanut Butter whatsUpWithThat 
it's actually pretty sad that I'm more excited about seeing the lion king than my 9 year old brother. Who has never seen disney
I should really be packing
Maybe its just the universe's way of mocking me for stopping after Spanish 2.
I mean I was laughing too, through my cascading tears, but I was laughing #lt
I like how this one Bolivian girl in my class started talking to me in Spanish a second after she found out that im asian and then laughed
Yo can anyone tell me what cool sights there are in New York? Other than the tourist sites like the Sears tower, Alcatraz, and Mt Rushmore
DRAKE'S GRANDMOTHER SUMMER OF 1988 (Vine by @JODYHiGHROLLER) 
I wish there was a theatre in Maryland that's doing The Unauthorized Biography of Samantha Brown
Me planning to steal yo girl #tbt 
I'm basically a midget, does that mean I can play Tevye and Porgy while its summer in Ohio.
#tbt to this gorgeous girl's first Christmas. Also she finally turned 1 <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 
@allypeek oh
I just need to get by tomorrow and then New York.
That one guy that does captions for Netflix shows has one job and he blew it. 
HAHAHAH a scam modeling and acting company called me to audition for a convention wtf
True West is such a good play holy shit
Class all week and work all weekend got me like 
I loved Mad Men until the show decided to use a Decemberists song
#TextsWithChad Peeno Noir edition @TheKimmySchmidt 
my english class tomorrow is from 2 to 7, Tuesday's and Thursday's. Someone please take me out of my misery <LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
"Lyric"
"Out of place dialogue with no context"
"lyric"
"more weird dialogue"
OH AND JEREMY JORDAN DOESNT RIFF AT THE END OF SHIKSA GODDESS
The interactions between Jamie and Cathy are just forced in this movie though
Oh dear fucking Christ The Last 5 Years movie has live singing doesn't it.
Game of Thrones needs to come back on so that I can live tweet it
Wow I actually felt pretty good about callbacks for once #sweg
Pretty lady with a flower, give a lonely sailor half a hour
Sail Hatan
@chad_vann Random scene so that they won't spoil it for us SHH
Shoutout to one of the greatest friends that anyone can ask for and the endless ball of talent for… 
Patrick Atilano. Journalist. hmmm
Callbacks are tomorrow and I'm still struggling with some of the Pacific Overture music
@SportsCenter @Breaking_Blad
I look like a character from a vampire show that's mad that you found out he's a vampire 
@Patarrrrz S/o to my baby brother for photo bombing in the back
Pinot Noir. The State Bar
Pinot noir. World Star.
@sassysoprano_ Already been doing that
THIS WENT WRONG SO FAST 
Happy 1st birthday to the cutest baby cousin ever 
Yo remember when "1v1 me on Rust" were legitimate fighting words
I'm gonna make a podcast called "Republicans Are Always Right Cast" and then just talk about how amazing Obama is in every episode.
@annapb34 @broadwaycom I forgot that you played The Phantom
@annapb34 nah
Some people can literally be the physical embodiment of Brent Rivera's new single and it makes me lose hope
I'm gonna write a show called "White People Problems"

oh wait The Slap exists.
*Writes a dramaturgy on the show "The Slap"
*Writes: "White people be trippin'."
*100/ 100 A ++
I actually love songs where you think it's about religion but its actually just about hardcore sex
"I loved him!"
Me: "you only thought you did"
"HE SHOULD SUFFER FOR WHAT HES DONE"
Me: "see that's love alright."
I'm frustrated because I just wanna go to New York already
I have 5 hour english classes starting next week 
@JudyyRivass Yoooo happy birthday <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Ugh why is it comMANder why cant it be ComWOMANder?

fuck the Patriarchy
St Patrick's Day? Why can't it be St Patrick/Patricia's day. #DownWithThePatriarchy #TumblrSquad #WeWillNeverBeStopped
A whole pizza wrapped in bacon sounds like the most horrifying thing in existence
Online singing competitions where you get the chance to win a trip to Italy seem so fucking sketch
"I love Boyhood but the only reason I think it's good is cause it took 12 years."

Get the fuck out cause there's more reasons than that.
I really want a bulldog
@imLOVAINit You're perf for Usnavi
Tbh, The Fisherman in Pacific Overtures is kinda a dream role #FourBlackDragons
@katie_brigitte Good thing Hello Dolly is the best musical ever right
Roger and Mark are more of a couple than Roger and Mimi 
@katie_brigitte You're gonna be Gaston right
@benwhatever Hey, I love you.
@STABlLlTY But, I actually love Emma and don't want her to die though.
@STABlLlTY *Norman's probably gonna accidentally murder her in some way or form
Bit coins for nudes = most original idea in 2k15 yet
Basically my opinion on Friends 
Also to my tight jeans and bad haircut days
Throwback to when a lot of guys got mad that I raised the Promposal bar at my school 
@benwhatever Imma just say I called it <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>. Congrats, Roger Davis
Turn up for immigration bureaucracy 

I had McDonald's and Starbucks coffee willingly this morning. How am I not an American citizen yet.
Baltimore immigration service is so fun. I get to know I'm in for a boring day in both english y espanol
@delaney_keefe Gr8 Before and after pic
@chad_vann Argentinian style oligarchy
@STABlLlTY I actually don't. Can you teach a class for me please.
I wore pajama pants today because it was so warm and now I'm waiting for a bus at night at 43 degrees 
Spring break is next week and it is devoid of fun plans
@STABlLlTY I'm actually more golden tan though
@STABlLlTY But you love me so he's kinda right
Happy birthday to the endless bucket of sunshine and to one of the best actors I've ever seen. @… 
Naming your future child's middle name a Noble House from Game Of Thrones should be a trend
To be honest there probably is someone in the Philippines named Johnny Tsunami and his life is either awesome or hell.
"glo up" as my peers say.
shit... here I go like mystikal.
I enjoy putting my brother on blast. Cause I'm one of the only ones who can next to Dontae
@STABlLlTY gee thnx, Rij
@robinbanks_ DONT BE JEALOUS OF MY CREATIVITY. ALSO IS THAT JAIME
New hipster band name idea: Please Us Christ
Still wanna make some heartfelt and honest dms so FAVORITE this if you want me to tell you how much you mean to me
Happy birthday to one of the most talented, hardworking, smartest, and hipster girls I know.  Oh and Anna's there too 
I actually love making heartfelt dms
Fav for an honest dm where I basically tell you how much you mean to me.
I love that feeling of  finally figuring something out about yourself.
@katie_brigitte Team Not Surprised At All <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
"I was set to star in an all black cast of the show Oklahoma. It was called Alabama"
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt geeks
Tbh I actually love the restaurants that have politics as their theme all over DC
I have to start kicking myself when I start to angst
Theatre Lab audition is tomorrow, which means endless throat coat, water, steam inhaler, lozenges, and stress crying today
I really hate living in Maryland sometimes
There's always gonna be other productions of Rent but damn I wish either one worked out. Guess it wasn't meant to be for now.
@eseablom14 No, Emily. YOURE fire... that sounded less lame in my head
@eseablom14 *Going to Broadway to live in his cardboard box
@Franchastic_ Aye lets audition together and give ms Searle a heart attack
my mom is either tripping or completely serious 
I sing female Scottish R&amp;B songs when im bored. @ Read All About It by Emeli Sandé 
Alone in the universe <VICTORY HAND>️
@hhsayedd They're basically the Feminazis that ruin feminism for everyone
@hhsayedd Ahh but the most vocal and loudest do though!
They spend every waking moment in their lives just attacking people who don't like their fandom
Supernatural/ Sherlock Holmes/ Doctor Who fans (or SuperSherWhovians or something stupid like that) on Tumblr disgust me.
@STABlLlTY #SmoothOperator
@yooitsmo @robinbanks_ Cause he gets sad about every girl ever yo. Im joking
All the Seneca alumni who work at wegmans have done KBS or still do.
@yooitsmo @robinbanks_ you're right. I think Drake would be sad if he saw this
@yooitsmo @robinbanks_ He probably only did that so that you would get sad and listen to his music more
@robinbanks_ @yooitsmo Did he ever respond to your YouTube video asking him to prom,Morgan?
#lt #AllAmericanFamily
So I'm the oldest child and an Art head/hipster, my brother is the smart one/ anime freak, and my baby brother is gonna be a meth head.
Twitter just absolutely GEEKS sometimes
@graci3e3e I understand
If you accidentally followed me, the unfollow is same exact button. My apologies for being polite and following back. No harm no foul, fam.
@benwhatever Whole cast just dyes their hair black with absurd amounts of mascara
@benwhatever American idiot. I heard its so good that you can make a musical out of it
You can't not laugh when someone you know is called a Dipshit
The whitest names for guys is probably a tie between Holden, Bertrand, and Cornelius
What if every guy just grew up to be Holden Caulfield. Horny, cynical, and just overall irritated at reality. 

oh wait.
A movie doesnt need 3 acts and an obvious message to be good. Just cause those kind of movies are popular doesn't mean every movie should be
Oh sorry, when a movie or story doesn't have a point or subtext, its bad. y'know like The Big Lebowski and Catcher In The Rye.
@katie_brigitte I'm halfway done with it and I'm loving so far. Just letting ya know
@katie_brigitte didn't you text me this?
When it's so nice outside that you spend it with bae 
Do I take pride in the fact that my country involves itself in a sport that combines hacky sack and volleyball?

yes 
@sassysoprano_ They only know Neutral Milk Hotel from readin John Green Books. Fuck em
"YO IM SO INDIE THAT U HAVENT HEARD OF THESE BANDS BEFORE"
What are they?
"VAMPIRE WEEKEND, PASSION PIT, ALL AMERICAN REJECTS"
Fuck you.
I was born this month, so excited to finally turn 15. It's been such a wild ride.
I love that im watching Lion King on Broadway for my birthday, but like... Darren Criss is Hedwig.
@eseablom14 nah
@graci3e3e Nah
Boyhood the musical: Where every act takes a whole year and every song is about how depressing reality is
I had a surreal dream where I ordered dominos with soda and dessert. Which means I have to do that now
The original Spock is dead. Rest In Piece to an icon @TheRealNimoy
There is no dress
When you finally find your talent and take a selfie with it 
@katie_brigitte Can u make one for me
<WINKING FACE> 
I miss playing an Emo former rock star with aids in Rent, but I miss having a reason to wear plaid… 
Actually I wanna see Aladdin too
Going to New York to see Lion King for my birthday ayeeee
@delaney_keefe actually I fucking hate you so
When the friendship is magic 
Star Wars was the movie with the little wizard child right?
I think it's obvious that the Starlight Express Original Cast Album Act 1 is the greatest thing ever
Yo who wants to see Rent at Montgomery college with me? Cause I have to review it anyway

"FFFFFFFFUCK ME MATT! ITS DIANA ROSS!"
"Resume of a wimpy kid" a resume of Patricio Arnold Atilano
I wish my life was a dramatic pop opera with subtle criticism of religion
oh and catch up on Parks and Rec
I have nothing better to do today than learn how to sing british, female R&amp;B songs
in fucking tears right now 
"The one thing that doesn't abide by majority's rule is a person's conscience." 
50 Shades Of Grey Sheet Music is on sale right now 
My baby brother really loves Rent now 
Without you. The eyes gaze, the legs walk, the lungs breathe. The mind churns, the heart yearns, the… 
Can MC just cancel classes already
@allypeek Lol we got one more show to go though
s/o to @_LizBolton for coming to see rent, love you to death yo! thank youuu
This saddens me 
we all should worship ally peek
<NIGHT WITH STARS> @ Double Post 
opening night tomorrow and I'm both pumped/terrified.
This is me trying to be the bar tender/waiter of your dreams. @ Headshots 
@sassysoprano_ CELEBRATEEEEEEEE
@STABlLlTY Girls call me Elipses cause they'd rather type that than actually reply back to my dms
@STABlLlTY Can I get some Chai Tea though. That sounds so good.
One song, one last refrain, Glory. From the Emo Boy Front Man @ Rent opens this week y'all 
I wanna learn how to sing Losing My Mind by Sondheim one day
The puns I use are never supposed to be really clever. They're supposed to be horrific so that you can laugh at me and the ice can be broken
If I ask you out, it will either be in song form or it will involve heavy use of puns.
Rent opening night is next week and im auditioning for Rent at Metro Youth Theatre and Rent at Wildwood Summer Theatre. 2015 = year of Rent
Everything went brown and swirly and I didn't know where I was and then I realized I was in a scene and I just woke up and went with it.
lol soooooooo I almost fainted during Rehearsal today from too much belting
Acting Class with Matt Bassett

Me: Im Patrick and I played A-rab in WSS probably because I was the only brown dude

MB: That's very common.
@delaney_keefe #HomoVeryIntended
@delaney_keefe Probs the favorite of our exchanges so far. Happy Birthday, you fucking dork. 
Shoutout and big thanks to my amazing manz gimmemilks for nominating me for the #20BeautifulMen to… 
Cast Heathers — Veronica Sawyer - Marcia Cunning
JD - Ben Cherington
Heather Chandler - Barbara Peisch 
Heather ... 
"who can belt like Barrett Wilbert Weed?" is what I ask myself everytime I have to cast Heathers The Musical
"why are you so good at snapping your fingers for hours?"

me: "#WestSideMTIT"
Siced that my parents just got me a membership to Healthtrax <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>
my eyes, brain, and life hurt so much today.
Damn girl... Can I hit you up on edline though?
Acting class makes my life
I found some pictures of a total stranger in my phone and I just found out that it's his  birthday… 
@delaney_keefe @graci3e3e Me when I saw this tweet 
She only looks at me when I stop singing. It's a sign. 
guys I put #psychedquad in my show bio, I can officially die happy now
@benwhatever How did you know about my obsession with Steven Booth
Tbh cooking Mac and cheese using salsa con queso sounds hard as fuck but it would be so worth it
two week tech week is gonna start on Monday and I'm already buying pajamas in preparation
@STABlLlTY ill bring you a life time supply of jaw breakers
I can't sleep on an empty stomach
Everytime I tell my friends that my classes start way next month, I save their sweet responses <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️ 
@benwhatever I love you to death but 
Having a good friend with the same name as you is sooo entertaining
I shouldn't have to find a modern soda machine in random restaurants just to drink Peach Sprite
If I was the main character in Fight Club 2, the only rule is that everyone in Fight Club should tell me if Im fighting my imaginary friend
I think it shows how you much you care about someone when you take the time to write something to them
The Flaming Lips + Vampire Weekend are just ecstasy to my ears
So some dude tried to rob an Audi days ago and he had a heart attack before he could steal anything. This man could not handle the thug life
@STABlLlTY Yes
Mother: *punishes me and forbids me from entering the pantry for snacks* 

Me: 
When you want a new Argentina but you steal someone's sign cause you're too lazy 
#lt I then bask in the glory of my opinionated victory
Whenever someone tries to argue that ___ food is better than Italian food. I gently remind them that pasta, risotto, and pizza exist.
Zeroes to Heroes <COLLISION SYMBOL> @ Hair was eating my face 
Welp 
@benwhatever Smiling so fucking hard right now tbh
My body only has one name, and it's called Pain.
Me when I went back to the gym for the first time in months without easing into it at and just going full throttle. 
@STABlLlTY Crying while you run/ do cardio also works.
@STABlLlTY I just wear tunnel vision glasses so I can only see the floor and the weights
I still question why I walk around my work with a "Kill Me" face but my hands are always happily snapping or clapping to the in-store music
when you're navigating around Tenlytown and you don't have your umbrella and glasses/contacts on. 
@annapb34 I just want yor approval 
@annapb34 Forreal though, I'm praying for you. I already lost my voice after singing Good Bye Love twenty times today
@annapb34 Ronald Reagan
Annnnnnd there's goes my throat.
@annapb34 There's Money Notes, and then there's note born out of Hatred
When the creator hates his character so much that he has him belt G's 3 times in one song 
my mother is really siced that Bradley Cooper liked her Instagram photo
"how was your weekend?"

"... I FOLDED SOCKS!" #TrueStory
When Bae is the only one who didn't like your Instagram 
When you see Bae text "hey baby" and you see your best friend's phone ring 
I will never get tired of this vine  
"I wish I could take compliments and be less critical of my self and abilities" 

a quote from "The Chronicles of every Theatre Kid"
Alone in a transit bus at 9 pm. I feel like I'm obligated to strike up a conversation with the bus driver
with like, a nice soft cardboard bed and stray cats as my only friends
can I just Nope my way out of college so that I can be a starving artist in New York already
my wallet already does that thing where when you open it, all that's in there are butterflies that fly away.
I'm gonna have to buy tap shoes and jazz shoes for college sighhhh
Fafsa can be the most irritating thing in existence
God fucking help me, I'm about to sign up for dance classes at my college.
When you're trying to be mad via text but autocorrect fucks it up 
and Palo Alto. People should watch Palo Alto
YO everyone should just watch Birdman
i like reading books about teenage highschool problems because it's funny seeing protagonists do the most about a problem that can be solved
@sassysoprano_ you mean Fred?
Imma just leave this here 
#lt But you can't get away from yourself. You can't decide not to see yourself anymore. You can't decide to turn off the noise in your head
If you hear a song that makes you cry and you don't want to cry anymore, you don't listen to that song anymore
The things you hope for the most are the things that destroy you in the end
caring doesnt sometimes lead to misery... It always does.
Akobi: "wtf you sing 24/7 lmao"

Me: "Practice makes mediocre"
I've been singing Reflection from Mulan nonstop this week
why did I sleep at 11 last night and wake up at 2 in the afternoon
@imLOVAINit Should I be honored or should I be living under a rock
@imLOVAINit Here's an embarrassing pic of my childhood. Truce? 
really hope Echosmith plays "Cool Kids" at their concert so that I can make a shitty vine out of it
@imLOVAINit At least im not a copycat 
@imLOVAINit 
@imLOVAINit also 
@imLOVAINit The popcorn award is me whenever I play you
@imLOVAINit Your mom
" I just want you and you and nothing but you. Miles and piles of you. Finally I'll have something worthwhile to think of each morning"
"There are so many dreams I need to see with you."

"There are so many years I need to be with you"
"The Last 5 Years" with it's "beyond professional" and amazing director, while we're both wearing… 
Prayinn to God and my ancestors that this shrimp fried rice take out will come soon
I'm gonna be eating Chinese food alone at Portrait Gallery today. Nothing has changed this past 2 years
In honor for The Last 5 Years @benwhatever's opening night tomorrow. You're gonna break all the legs, dude 
@annapb34 You don't go at all cause I'm usually the one buying

@jordyn_mikayla Sam Smith/Drake/That's So Raven/ Skrillex mashup and duet lets go
@jordyn_mikayla Debut for your new solo album? Cause I would cop that so quick
I like how Fox News' expert on Islam is some bigot from Duck Dynasty who ALSO thinks that people should convert or die. Like ISIS wants.
"@baejelly: so basically I'm really bad at the things I thought I was good at" RT
Welp I lost a game of trivia crack. My parents now question my intelligence and won't give me dessert
@STABlLlTY You've known me for like 6 years and I still haven't stopped singing "I Follow You Into The Dark"
@STABlLlTY I tweet songs from Transatlanticism all the fucking time
@STABlLlTY are u fucking kidding me rn
The un-ending melancholy of Patrick Atilano
in the end, you are alone.
In the end, it's just you. No one else, and nothing else matters.
In the end, it's just you vs the world
Made it to 4 months with Chad <HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL><BEATING HEART><TWO HEARTS><TWO HEARTS><HEART WITH ARROW> 
Whenever I see someone's IG or Twitter and they have "Taken by food <BEATING HEART><CLOSED LOCK WITH KEY><HUNDRED POINTS SYMBOL>" on their bio 
#lt MORE better
I'm gonna get assassinated by the Grammar Police cause I keep saying "way better"
*high G* MIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
@benwhatever Nah bruh, you're not a Fox News Anchor
@sassysoprano_ Lol Maureen is so selfish and self centered that it's funny
I'm gonna do the basic theatre kid thing where I change my Twitter name to the role im gonna play, don't mind me
@sassysoprano_ You would be such a fucking good Daisy though! ever since I saw you as Juror 10? I knew you could play evil bitches
"why am I so in love with British actresses" is going to be a chapter in my best selling autobiography 
If my managers fire me out of spite then I'm just gonna laugh cause everyone in the store knows how I loathe my job
Honestly that's probably the only song that fits my voice
Whenever I complain about Kerrigan and Lowdermilk, it's secretly just me being bitter that I have to sing Run Away With Me a million times.
Echosmith concert with the main Bae @sassysoprano_. My day just got a whole lot better
When you meet your just born brother for the first time and you don't judge how he's an alien 
My hype men often consist of my baby brother who's excited that I'm in the middle of a crowd saying insults or just my neighbor Tim who nods
throwback to when the library at my college was on fire and I just calmly found my campus friends and said: "The library's on fire" deadpan
Me: "I would die just for the chance that Ill be in her mind for a fraction of a second.

best friends: "you desperate mother fucker"
Garlic Bread and Lasagna are reasons to want to stay alive ok
@chad_vann YANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
“@ltsEvanPeters: Can we just take a moment..... 
@annapb34 Almost like a shooting or something. Just a theory.
@weloveapz I don't even have school and I still praise Anna Paez
You know you did something right when your promposal on YouTube has 3000 views. Actually that's not a feat at all, I'm just happy about it.
You know you're a noob at musical theatre when it takes you forever to learn and properly sing an up-tempo song ugh
@STABlLlTY I have an audition for Catholic university for their fall semester next month. Let's get rejected together.
Nightmares for the last 5 days in a row. The same thing too, I don't wanna sleep
Idk why but Stafford and I talk on a normal basis now after WSS. I was supposed to go to the mall with him but I couldn't cause of work :(
All I ever see on my TL are K-pop shit that goes way over my head, Seneca kids hating school, Channa-Phillips Black fake arguing, and spam
"Jesus Christ I'm not scared to die. I'm only scared of what comes after"
Who is someone you wish you had never met? — The girl with a dragon tattoo 
Where do you see yourself in the next 10 years? — Still casting shows on ask.fm 
I honestly hate how having different ideologies can cause rifts between friends sometimes.
I'm eating tortilla chips without salsa. This is what I have to resort to when my family hides all the snacks specifically because of me.
I have sunglasses for every occasion. Even 80's retro parties.
relationship goals since 2001 
No school till the 27th is such a sice
"Are you alone?
 Are you dancing by yourself?
Cause Im out here.
Alive here. 
Im dancing here. Chugging from the bottom shelf"
When they handed Shakespeare the aux cord 
What word do you love the sound of? — Shenanigans 
What age are you scared of? — The possibility that spiders might achieve flight via evolution. 
When u feel ur phone vibrate in your pocket and you get excited cause someone texted you but it's just an app update 
Everyone in my family has strep throat except. I must blockade myself in my room, bringing all the food with me.
#lt or yesterday uhhhh, shit
Seriously late but s/o to one of the most talented, kindest, and just plain amazing girls ever for being born today 
#lt theyre not wrong though
My family immediately suspects me when food goes missing in the house
All I ever want in the world summed up into two triangular boxes 
@sassysoprano_ You're gonna marry a featured actress in the DC Metro Theatre Arts awards!!'
@robinbanks_ Lololol it's a tea that coats your throat so that you can sing better
drinking throat coat from @annapb34's religion 
I wish I could grow facial hair as sexy as @benwhatever's
daphne rubin-vega's singing voice sounds like the super old chocolate lady from SpongeBob 
The school edition of rent is such a load of bullshit. Entire verses just cut for no goddamn reason.
I always say I hate Sylvia Plath but honestly, i find a lot in common with her poems than others
@imLOVAINit ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
@imLOVAINit Actually Gabriella is half filipino so I have to be her
@imLOVAINit Dont stick the status quo. Cause its dumb and youre funny when youre sassy
@imLOVAINit Lol dont let that stop you from being sassy though! Have you learned NOTHING from highschool musical?
@imLOVAINit Why let your reputation prevent you from being who you really are?
Yo throwback to when I won the talent show and when they announced that I won I didnt believe anyone and went into shock for a few seconds
Still the shy turtle that ive been since '96
Eh, they probably wouldnt have liked me anyway.
Like I kinda just did my own thing but, i missed out on meeting a lot of people.
I love my SVHS class of '14 but holy shit did I always drift away from it. Like since freshman year to senior year I never participated
#lt @chad_vann would appreciate this pun
If you cant take the YEET then get out of the kitchen
When your shoe game isn't strong. 
I have a lot of novel drafts that are unfinished. Yep, still feels exactly like high school
currently 
I'm just gonna vine my life away. Make the folks proud that they birthed me, y'know?
Forever regretting not asking for a fridge and microwave for my room for Christmas
New Years resolution: start trusting people again.
I can be the coolest and lamest person you'll ever know
Soooo excited for Theatre Lab's summer session this year! Bat Boy and Pippin. Its gonna be such a time.
Ending 2014 with some class @ New year, new mixtapes 
thank god that transfer applications for some colleges are later.
I have exactly 21 tabs open on 
@sassysoprano_ actually hold on I'm currently like 17 songs deep in 
@sassysoprano_ yo I'm not gonna spoil my Rent Cabaret song but... Maybe, maybe, MAY-be it has you as Marcy
#lt DO YOU KNOW HOW RARE THAT IS.
guys a filipino lady talked to me today, found out I that I'm filipino, and DIDNT want to have a conversation about the Philippines.
"Hey I found a 20 dollar bill in my pants that I was about to wash"

me: "That's so hot, man"
I say "that's hot" as a compliment way too much.
I was having a horrifically shitty day at work today. But then Jesus Christ Superstar started blaring on the speakers and I started singing.
Forever singing "The Girl Who Drove Away" even though I'm a not a girl and I don't have a car
@delaneyngrace Now has their own line of spring mineral water. Now available in various retailers. 
when I make a HILARIOUS joke in the group chat and no one laughs or responds 
I wish I couldve seen the Crucible cause I heard you were great in it! Hey remember when both our choirs met at Stratmore? Lets do it again
The Light of My Life, Greatest Hipster ever, Sally Bowles, and my other Little Sister. SUCH talent and kindness that transcends infinity.
I love you and i cant wait to see you slay in TL5Y. Thank you so much for those encouraging words long ago and Ill always be your loyal Bro
Yooo we havent seen eachother in a while and thats such a crime. We gotta sing some Avenue Q together.CONGRATS ON BRANDEIS U!
My other Lil' Sis. Can I just say how your voice, talent, and personality is literally #GOALS. Youre gonna be an amazing Cinderella.
Mariaaaa, You already how much angels come out of your mouth when you sing. But youre SO down to Earth too. I cant wait to work w/ you again
I loved seeing you shine in Rhinos. Youre honestly one of the kindest and funny guys i know and I miss hanging out with you terribly.
Two Time C- Nah screw that bs, to me youre always going to be my Uber talented Bae and i heard you slayed as Seymour. Blessed that I met you
Heyyy Im so happy that you got into Catholic and Florida state. Youre such a passionate and kind girl. Well at least to me you are. Love U!
Tap Goddess. Youre the smartest girl i know and youre so fucking talented and an awesome human being. Im  happy that you got into U Penn
YO bro your voice is heaven. I love you and I seriously hope we sing some Drew Gaspirini and Joe Iconis together. I strive to be as talented
The Nutella to my Lemon Bar. I wish I could be in Vegas with you, my brother. You know how much i worship your TALENT and HUMOR. I love you!
Youre probably the most outgoing theatre guy i know and your voice is GOALS. I wish  I couldve seen Into The Woods cause you slay everything
@kel_leak I wish i could retweet this. A million times.
Youre my other half and youve helped me out so much. I dont think you know how much I appreciate you and how grateful i am that you exist
Youre legitimately one of the most chillest girls I know, you still have to teach me to blaze while eating pizza. Youre also v funny
Youre THE best brand of peanut butter. My love and admiration for your kindness and talent is limitless. Love you with my all my heart yo
@delaneyngrace Btw I deleted that tweet so
Hahah okay forreal fav for an honest subtweet cause I'm bored.
@delaneyngrace But. Like. Are y'all salty though
@delaneyngrace Fact, those things are already extinct
@delaneyngrace Grace rly let herself go huh
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH 
This is as 3rd world as you can get, ladies and gentlemen
Like no not cause those daughters are in love with me, though most are judging by my videos, they want marriage so they can live in America
My mom warned me that her old filipino friends are setting up requests for me to marry their daughters so that they can move to America.
All my mom's highschool friends in The Philippines know me as "The Singer From DC" and I'm supposed to go back there to sing for the reunion
Still get emotional whenever i see the words "Thousand" and "Stars" in the same sentence.
Mykal Kilgore is fucking goals
I feel so trapped and hopeless way more often than I should be.
#lt sigh, I wish that wasn't true but
"It will always be hard as hell to get over people. Especially when you still care for them so much"
@delaney_keefe @graci3e3e Or shes looking for reasons to expose you, Grace
I remember when the leads of Rocky The Musical sent the Evita cast a video wishing us luck. I wish that would happen before every show
@delaney_keefe eh, no promises.
@delaney_keefe becAuse it would literally be the funniest thing ever
@delaney_keefe y'know I can post the pics of you after grace did your make up...
@delaney_keefe no
I've resorted to writing out my feelings as a last resort. Oh boy.
I go to church and I pray everyday waiting for the day when The Jonas Brothers will make their return and save us from our sins.
If you could choose to stay a certain age forever, wh... — No point cause I've reached the age of 14 and stayed ... 
What's your hair color? — Platinum Blonde 
I have like 4 Kerrigan and Lowdermilk songs just for Cabaret purposes
What was the worst meal you have ever had?  — I ate a plain hot dog bun without anything cause it was the only e... 
What do you like to talk about the most? — considering that I tend to be the "loser theatre kid" in all of my co... 
Do you have or want a tattoo? What and where? — Definitely a tattoo of a black feather and birds on my shoulder,... 
Quality time with the Baby Cuzzo @ Scarlet is love, Scarlet is life 
@robinbanks_ I mean I'm siced, but like at the same time, I'm not. These last forever btw.
@robinbanks_ My family gave them to me for Christmas. Apparently cause I pull girls all the time (I dont)
@Ismexican Salt levels: over 9000
The salt levels are at maximum capacity
and it's not just Regal, I have 30 dollars worth of free AMC tickets
Alllllll these free movie tickets. ALLLLLL these free movie tickets, and I have no girlfriend or Bae to use them for 
Thank you Based God for giving me a voice that can lull any baby to sleep via lullaby
That awkward moment when you tell your baby cousin that @imLOVAINit loves her and your baby cousin immediately starts crying afterward.
oh hey look it's my entire life ever since I moved to America 
When you try to make small talk with a stranger at a party 
I literally have like a stockpile of candy hidden in my room in case of emergencies. Or the apocalypse.
Its my cousin Scarlet's first Christmas ever and I'm so blessed to spend it with her @ Feliz Navidad <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES> 
There are 5 of us and we're gonna fight over these presents. It's bouta be the Hunger Games Holiday Special 
my cousins are going to kill me with their cuteness send help SOS 
@Patarrrrz Hibah it's been a millennium. It's a Christmas miracle that I'm talking to you again
instead of singing Christmas songs my mom and I are belting Miss Saigon #AsianChristmas
I'm honestly just excited to see my baby cousins today 
What is your favorite candy? — Romantic Power Ballads 
If your Filipino party doesn't a while roasted pig then it isn't a Filipino party
While most of America digs in to a roasted chicken and cookies for Christmas, every filipino has to have a whole roasted pig.
*Mariah Voice* All I want for Christmas is nudesssss. Nudessss baaaaby.
@kel_leak I've been asking for nudes all year
@delaney_keefe K
I'm gonna have a hard time trying to explain Snapcash to my grandparents
It's a Christmas miracle 
@graci3e3e At Red Lobster
@graci3e3e Lets get her to buy us food then
@graci3e3e Yo when can we blackmail her though
Delaney's still mad salty that I have pictures of her after Grace did her make up
@delaney_keefe Do you want fries with your SALT, sir?
@CurtisZeeOliver Oh no, those adults are bringing their kids with them dude
@delaney_keefe Are Stars of Christmas usually this mediocre
What better way to celebrate Christmas Eve than to have a party with random filipino adults that you don't know
@delaney_keefe You look okay. Just okay.
My childhood is a wealth of real life stories that would sound like pure fantasy to Americanos
What is the most dangerous thing you have ever done? — Well my grandfather in the Philippines is really rich (li... 
Cast les miz — I've casted this like a million times but okay 

Colm Wilkinson - Ben Cherington 
Norm Lewis - Ch... 
#tb to when Jaime and I were a twinning Pop Sensation Duo @ Zamboanga City, Philippines 
What is your dream job? — Anything that doesn't make me dishonor myself and force me to commit Seppuku 
Vocal teacher: "You're more of a boy band Roger but that's fine. It's what you're good at so roll with it" 

Me: "oh..."
I feel like I'm a walking husk of angst and frustration. So realistically, I have something in common with every 12-20 year old in America
Merry Christmas from my matching parka wearing family to yours. #ss #HOLLYJOLLYGN @ Gaylord National… 
a red velvet flavored peep tastes like my dreams
When your neighbor that you hate gets a big tree so you gotta compensate. @ Dinkleberg... 
I never knew a re-lapse could happen until today.
@sassysoprano_ Yeah that's like me whenever I hear someone say that they want to be Sally Bowles. 

me: umm you arent my talented little sis
@sassysoprano_ NO. I HAVE LIKE 20 THAT I HAVENT CASTED YET
Sounds about right, Laurence O'Keefe 
I've been singing my whole life but I'm such a noob when it comes to musical theatre

@graci3e3e No.
@hanky_panky_poo @delaney_keefe Hank you would literally slay  singing all those songs
@hanky_panky_poo @delaney_keefe No joke, I really want to fucking sing this song to a crowd
@delaney_keefe A little bit Gaspirini
"I'm a little bit scared, a little bit lonely, a little bit empty everyday"
The Brutally Honest (and possibly depressed) Fuckboy 
Do you believe in love? — Isnt that a song by Cher? 
What's your favorite photo that you've taken? — All the photos with my friends 
How are you "getting the fun"? — Is the "Fun" Sondheim? I usually illegally download it 
Wolf Of Wallstreet is life
When you hang out with your ex and it goes exactly how you thought it would go 
And then the world died. And hope just dies with it.
I have a longstanding and deep fear of never being able to fix my past mistakes.
notice how the bottom of my lungs are completely fucking gone.
Yoooo I found my lung x-Rays after it collapsed a second time! Such fun times 
oh my snapchat is patarrrrz if anyone wants to add me yo
@eseablom14 <FACE THROWING A KISS><FACE THROWING A KISS>
What I say when people ask me how my nights alone in my room go 
Turn the fuck up 
Cast assassins — The Gun Proprietor - Anna Phillips Brown
The Balladeer/ Lee Harvey Oswald - Me
John Wilkes Boot... 
Favorite people — Anna Peanut Butter, Chad Vann, Grace Denton, Delaney Keefe, Ally Peek, David Warner 
Cast rent — Mark- Noah Mutterperl
Roger- Ben Cherington 
Benny - Chad Vann
Maureen - Ally Peek
Joanne - Anna Phi... 
Let the Ask.fm castings begin again
What are you most excited about right now? — Seeing my friend's future shows 
@MadisonBeer802 she's pretty, beautiful and cute — Seeing as this is on ask.fm she's probably not and just has s... 
What is your Song of the week? — Rewrite This Story from Smash 
How many hours do you sleep at night? — I've evolved into a nocturnal organism as soon as i started highschool 
Ask me a question | 
Vine is the place where all funny things go to die painfully
"Oh sorry I had my ear-buds on." 

translation: "I was jamming out to show tunes and rock music to avoid any and all conversation with you"
"Oh, you got jokes"

Translation: "I dislike you as a person but that was funny, I'll give you that at least."
I need a dog who hates me at first because of mutual differences but then we go through a whole story arc and then become best friends
@sassysoprano_ I am very butch yes
The moment when I willingly want to go to Home Depot is the moment when my childhood officially dies
So fucking hyped for @chad_vann's Bare: A Pop Opera
nobody is worth giving your happiness to
Thats all I want, when Christmas comes to town.
"So hungry for fast food right now: an autobiography of Patrick Atilano's basic life"
"Without You" Squad #Rent 
I'm pretty sure Jonathan Larson hates Roger causeeeeee these high notes are ridiculous
I wanna be a professional Fuckboy someday #LifeGoals
@anpaez3 Congrats on UPENN, Anna!! I knew you'd get in!
Current mood 
@chad_vann yeah but at least it isn't an overplayed Elvis song 
I wish I could transfer from the Heartbreak Hotel to the Hotel California.
It's funny much of a good day you're having, only for college to ruin it completely with a new wave of stress
It's Monday, bad day, but good day for us. Good for us.
My good female friends and female best friend are fucking models and most of them are self conscious cause of SOCIETY. 

I hate society
@annapb34 Yeah but Emma Stone isn't my Ultra Talented good friend who's always there for me so
@annapb34 Stop, I worship you.
And here's to the people who actually want to do something right for once in their life.
Here's to the people who are suffering everyday but force themselves to smile so that no one will know.
Here's to the people who don't give a shit about themselves for the sake of the people they care about
Spread equality. Not hate.
I honestly hate how the feminazis who make real feminists look bad get more attention in social media
Ask me a question | 
Team Never Well Rested
Who even remembers S Club 7
Mom: "you started singing at 2 and you never stopped"

me: "oh cool"

mom: "but all you sang was Britney Spears and S Club 7"

me: "oh eww"
do I even look Asian at all
are you even Asian when hispanic people keep mistaking you for one of their own
@sassysoprano_ eww, they're all underwhelming. or married with kids. I'll
just sing at your wedding
@sassysoprano_ *YOUR. welp I lost this battle. I concede
@sassysoprano_ DAMN YOU AND YOURE ADULT HEIGHT
@sassysoprano_ JUST BECAUSE IM
NOT TALL ENOUGH FOR HER DOESNT MEAN WE CANT BE SOULMATES. #SelfBurn
@sassysoprano_ DOESNT MATTER MAGENTA AND HER BEAUTIFUL VELVETY VOICE WILL MARRY ME YO
@sassysoprano_ LOOK AT HIM. HES SO BEAUTIFUL. MORE THAN YOUUUUU
@sassysoprano_ YOU NEVER DESERVED HIM 
@sassysoprano_ ILL BRING DIESEL. HE'LL GET LIKE REALLY MAD AND THEN RIFF WILL TAKE THE SPOTLIGHT
@sassysoprano_ THATS IT. YOU. ME. UNDER THE BRIDGE AT NIGHT. BRING YOUR RETRACTABLE COMB
@sassysoprano_ THAT MAKES HER  82% MORE HOTTER
Ally and I will now proceed to fight over the same hot girl we saw in a show once
@sassysoprano_ Uhhhh Fuk U shes not an object. BUT SHES CLEARLY MINE
@sassysoprano_ *cough* Magenta *cough* 
I hate how my best friend and basically my twin brother is in another state
@sassysoprano_ Yo you mean the world to me, little sis.
Directors: "Remember we have a 400 dollar deposit on each of your books that YOU pay, not us. So don't lose them :)" 
it was empowering as fuck
I dreamed that I was in line at chipotle and they didn't have enough white rice for that day. So I said"nah, keep the bowl" and walked away
I actually love dark comedy. And poop jokes.
girl, you so fine. Even my dad won't leave you without a word just after your 4th birthday FUCK YOU DAD.
if you're gonna compliment a girl, at least be creative
Forever tired of running away
@chad_vann Magaldi lost to Jose Piron. Confirmed.
I have a month of free time now that classes are over
When you see da booty but it's forever out of your reach. 
Yooo official Rent scripts arrive tomorrow
Some days I'm Eddie Birdlace, other days I'm Rose. There is no in-between. 
I have no haterz tf am I talking about
I surprisingly already have a song decided for Pacific Overtures and Cabaret auditions, and it's not Run Away With Me SO TAKE THAT HATERZ
Me: "did you choose a song for audition yet?"

Chad: "Nope lololol"

Me: "Sing Sun and Moon w/ me"

Chad: "Im in"
No, he died because he was the victim of violenc…

Fuck people.
@Dj_eneba Yo read that tweet, I sound like a lyric that drake decided to trash cause it was too obvious.
"I should be asleep and getting at least 8 hours" - my daily thoughts as I eat Doritos while watching movies on my laptop at 4 am
#lt that wasn't like a subtweet to an ex, that was legitimately for my friends who I love to see happy
Happy that you're happy, and I mean it <VICTORY HAND>️<RAISED FIST>
@katie_brigitte @chad_vann @annapb34 Nah call it Legally Blind
@delaney_keefe are you trying to tell me something, Delaney
@delaney_keefe umm have you heard Boyz ll Men? Fuck that lol
@delaney_keefe *psychedsquad's king and queen of riffing
So it turns out my mom has been a huge Miss Saigon fan like me for years. I'm fucking geeking.
@akobihyl lol not really. Have you seen the show? It's fucking weird
PACIFIC OVERTURES YES. BECAUSE THEATRE LAB IS KNOWN FOR ITS OVERWHELMING NUMBER OF ASIAN PARTICIPANTS (AKA just me and @lizzrader)
What the fuck is Pacific Overtures
@graci3e3e @delaney_keefe YO. HOLD THE FUCK UP.... did someone say mac and cheese
I officially passed college level english and can now take musical, acting, and stage craft classes at my college next semester #HypeIsReal
I think I only like mustaches because I'm allegedly a hipster. Bruh I don't even have all of Arcade Fire's albums on vinyl yet chill.
See, having a mustache is cool, it's nice. But when you have a BABY FACE and you have a CATERPILLAR on your upper lip then problems arise
Remember Channa Phillips-Black?

This is them now. Feel old yet? 
Anna Kendrick gets to star in 3 block buster musical movies coming up and I can't even get new head shots
Only thing to do is jump over the moon. #FuckDietCoke
I'm actually just so fucking happy cause I can sleep HAHAHBAHAHAHH
I WENT TO ALL THE WAY TO COLLEGE IN THE FREEZING RAIN TO FIND OUT I HAVE NO CLASS TODAY
GET IT cause she's just a more sarcastic Belle and I'm a goofier, less attractive Naveen (it makes… 
I haven't even eaten fuck my life
I juSt took an hour 30 minute long power nap after a night of no sleep, I'm so ready
I should plan my all nighters, like for essays or projects. Not spontaneous 2 and a half seasons of The Office marathon
@katie_brigitte I know
@katie_brigitte Also you impacted me in a positive way and I choose to live a better life cause of you and love you, i suppose
@katie_brigitte Congrats on being born today, i guess. You basically brought me laughs and smiles that only a best friend could, i think.
@delaney_keefe I wanna be like Benny from the original cast of rent
Hello my name is Patrick and I love to riff when I sing.
I was such an "artist" in middle school. So much that I cringe inwardly.
How the fuck can I have a moral compass ingrained into my subconscious and yet still get lost all the time
You're gone and I gotta eat pie. All the time. To keep you off my mind.
@Roxdancelife247 hahah trueee. At least we'll both have deep dish pizza
@Roxdancelife247 hahahah truee. I'll be in the Saint Charles suburbs. With the ridiculously large number of white people. Whooo boy.
You know, a guy just wants to have a nice convo about Chicago and some spammer comes all in a ruins it. What a life.
@Roxdancelife247 haha I lived there for a year so I'm hip. But the pizza isn't worth the frostbite trust me
@Roxdancelife247 Yeah but like why does my dad have to live there. Why can't he live in Hawaii, man. #ChristmasInHawaii
Oh Dead God dammit.
"Patrick what's your mood today"

"The color of the sky right now"
Sigh, what was I thinking saying yes to visiting my dad.
Christmas in Chicago, where the buildings are designed to aim the freezing wind right at your ill-equipped bodies.
I want to fly already
My therapist gave me a list to follow so that I can stop self doubting.
@chad_vann @annapb34 break it up you two, I don't want no treble
"Youre attractive in a weird way." - Some random middle school girl to me. 

Thank you, Random Middle School Girl. My self doubt is cleansed
@chad_vann JOSE PIRON
I miss you, I miss you.
@eseablom14 are you really still talking about his arms
BASICALLY I WANT ALL THE FEMALES IN OUR FAMILY LINE TO DATE PETER OKAY - Wendy
Wendy getting mad jealous in the back
They'll pretend they'll have 12 more rooms
@Patarrrrz *Kelli
Please please please keep singing Kelly O'Hara
Peter you are literally none of the three things you just listed calm down
Nooooooo Christian Borleeeeee
@imLOVAINit not even my baby brother and cousins clapped. They were scared.
"Who was Jack the Ripper...?"

"NOBODY" 
Uh Peter never make eye contact with me again that was uncomfortable
It's a good thing the Pirates have musical accompaniment to hide their kidnappings
"If you don't make noise and spend money"
Once she started singing, Angels came out
I feel you Peter. About girls. I feel.
Jets vs sharks rn
HES STILL GOING
Wtf is Walmart doing
I really believe it will be the final moment between them
Hook and Pan spitting fire
The showdown between Jean Valjean and Javert going on right now. I mean Peter and Hook.
The comb I mean
MORE LITTLE MERMAID REFERENCES
@eseablom14 have some acting ability pls
"Sha-la-la-la-la-la my oh my, look like peter's too shy. Too shy to kiss the girl"
Yo Peter you're smiling while talking about people who lost their lives in a bloody battle
Uhhhh, little mermaid?
Yeahhhhhh Newsies dance movez
@sassysoprano_ I'm V salty
Tiger Lily making me question the G rating.
#lt WHAT PARENT WOULD SAY THAT
"That's a bow and arrow. Like the one Wendy was shot by"
In all seriousness. I love these sets
Yo Disney's Hamlet. Confirmed.
Disney tryna advertise their shit rn
Yo who cares though, they have a mother now
There is a girl unconscious outside while a man-eating  crocodile is skulking around
Yo Peter youre really calm about an arrow in the heart
I truly believe that Wendy is dead
Ohhh....
@sassysoprano_ lol but stillllll
INTO THE WOODS
@sassysoprano_ this reminding you of Tango Maureen?
Christopher Walken is just funny
F. Michael Haynie??
Tiger lily and her clan of mixed ethnicities
It was sorely needed
Like outta nowhere
Oh okay just tap dancing sequence
Christian Borle shouldve been Hook for canonical purposes
He's so beautiful 
@imLOVAINit @graci3e3e @delaney_keefe Random, but yes.
Ask me a question | 
@David_Jarzen @graci3e3e @delaney_keefe HI DAVID. HAVENT TALKED TO YOU IN A MILLENNIA
#TextsWithChad 
I'm fucking in love with the love @chad_vann and @annapb34 have for eachother
I idolize the Denton Sisters and @delaney_keefe
I fucking love my Evita cast
@kel_leak @chad_vann @annapb34 Kellik what are your shoes laced with, cause you're tripping all over the place
@kel_leak @annapb34 you got us
Waiting for a honest subtweet or dm about me like 
@annapb34 no you're a Mexican meat product. Just like I am now.
That awkward moment when you transform into @annapb34 
But no literally I can't think of anyone to play Annie
This is why I shouldn't tweet from my phone lol
Shit, who the fuck do I cast as Annie?
I fucking love Parade
Cast parade — Dream Team Time!

Leo Frank - Ben Chreington/ Noah Mutterperl
Lucille Frank - Anna Phillips Brown
... 
Cast ragtime — Coalhouse - Chad Motherfuckin Vann
Evelyn Nesbit - Lara Taylor
Father - Jack Posey
Mother - Anna ... 
what do you ACTUALLY think of delaney keefe? — She's such a geek. But like, a geek that basically brought a lot ... 
no this is not Delaney just a lost and confused custo... — I'm gonna pour syrup in your hair, delaney. The kind ... 
please — Hi Delaney 
can you help me find the maple syrup? — I'll help send you flying off a cliff 
What do you see from your bedroom window? — Some dude in a white van and binoculars. Idk why hes paying so much ... 
If you could go on a roadtrip with any person, who wo... — Chad Vann to Canada. Cause we'd end up casting Assass... 
If you could choose to stay a certain age forever, wh... — Im already gonna look 14 my entire life so whats the ... 
What is the best thing to do on a first date? — Cast musicals on Ask.fm 
Cast 35mm — Does 35 mm even have characters per se? It'd be like casting Edges 
What do you actually think of stephanie frazier? — She can a little overwhelming sometimes cause of her insecuri... 

Cast Into The Woods @ Theatre Lab — Bakers Wife - Merry Rose Howley
The Witch - Sarah Golemon-Mercer
Cinderella ... 
Cast Putnam — Look at Chad Vann's casting cause its literally what I would cast, except with Isa Lovain as Olive 
Cast Spring Awakening — Melchior - Noah Mutterperl
Wendla - Katie Wattendorf
Moritz - Sam Cornbrooks
Hanschen - ... 
Cast miss Saigon — Kim - Kyra
Chris - Ben Cherington
The Engineer - Chad Motherfuckin' Vann
Ellen - Cara Bachman... 
Favorite altos — Anna Paez, KYRA, Kaila Anderson, Katie Wattendorf, Isa Lovain, Ben Cherington

again theres a l... 
Favorite sopranos — Ally Peek, Marcia Cunning, Anna Phillips Brown, Delaney Keefe, Ramsay Burgess, Sophia Anasta... 
When you ask Chick Fil A for a bendy straw and they don't give it to you 
@baejelly umm. On Monday is the greatest song ever
"And what makes you qualified for this job?"

"I can make a pretty mean riff yo"

Me at every job interview
I'm reporting u this is cyber bullying — Eww. Nerd and a tattletale. So uncool. 
Yo I'm gonna cast everything on my ask seriously once I get home
Cast phantom of the opera — Phantom - Ramin Karimloo
Christine - Lea Salonga 
Beth - Ally Peek
 Raoul - Clay Aik... 
I'm too lazy to type that — Why are strangers on my ask fm 
Wow I wasn't expecting to be cast in cabaret that's cool — Tf are you? 
Cast west side story ;) — Tony - Sophia Anastasi
Maria - Hank Von Coldnutz 
A-Rab - Patrick Atilano 
Cast Cabaret — Emcee - Anna Phillips Brown
Cliff - Jack Posey
Fräulein Schneider - Morgan Vaughan 
Herr Schultz ... 
Cast N2n — Dan - Ben Cherington 
Gabe - Jack Posey
Natalie - Kristen Popham
Diana - Anna Paez
Henry - Akobi Hylt... 
Cast the Unauthorized Autobiography of Samantha Brown — Samantha Brown - Ally Peek
Samantha's Dad - Ben Cheringt... 
@hanky_panky_poo Me
If you were to give someone a tour of your hometown, ... — The part where the Muslim terrorists aren't beheading... 
What is the most important thing your country has given to the world? — Lea Salonga 
"@HouseofCards: Nothing is permanent.” Starlight Express in anywhere except America
Awk moment when your vocal teacher was ensemble in the Ragtime revival so you want to steal her phone to get Audra McDonald's number
@katie_brigitte @chad_vann I'll be Audra McDonald
@chad_vann I'm already a douche so this works well
@chad_vann can I be the girl that Ariana grande played? #DreamRole
@surahjean Shits gonna be so fire 
What scares you? — The fact that Ricky Martin might make a new album one day 
Opinion on teenagers who smoke marijuana? — They're usually the chill people who make you laugh so I need them i... 
I'm gonna make a mixtape of me just singing Mariah Carey songs and cracking a lot.
Are antismoking ads effective? — Yeah man they work so much, lung cancer is pretty much non-existent at this poi... 
Do you talk to yourself? — Yes. But I also kick, criticize, and sometimes dislike so I'm a jack of all trades 
What is your favorite sport to play? — Singing 
What have been the most important decisions in your life? — Whenever I get a new hairstyle 
oioioioi — I'm in love with you as well, kind stranger 
Which is your favorite TV show? — Game Of Thrones. Cause I'm pretty sure that I'm secretly Caucasian 
If you could have one superpower what would it be? — To act as well as Katie Wattendorf and Jack Posey 
When was the last time you tried something new? — I third wheeled Channa Phillips Black. I've never third wheele... 
If you could learn a new skill today, what would it be? — How to sing falsetto consistently 
Ask me a question | 
When the cutest girl in class makes eye contact with you from across the room. 
I wonder what would have happened if I wasn't an anti social 8th grader and tried to sing with my fullest power at the Seneca choir try outs
I miss my senior chamber choir guys like I miss my older brothers #WeActuallyWereAFamilyBackThen

"Well my snapchat selfie says 65 mph..."

Officer: omg add me
@graci3e3e OKAY GOOD SO WE CAN DEF STILL BLACKMAIL HER YES
@graci3e3e WAIT WE'RE SUPPOSED TO USE THIS AGAINST HER DURING TIMES OF CRISIS
Sometimes I wanna take screenshots of FaceTime but then I realize that my face in the corner ruins everything
@graci3e3e I fucking gave up on the human race after seeing this
Do y have a gf — lol not really 
The person who keeps asking Anna about ticklish boys is gonna kill me. I'm literally dying of laughter
Do you believe in ghost? — Very much so yes. That's why I love scary movies so much 
@annapb34 it's cause I'm the 10 right?
"Whats up you fucking piece of shit"

"Oh its the fucking theatre loser"

- My best friend and I when he came home from college. We hugged.
@CurtisZeeOliver I like you, Curtis Oliver
@katie_brigitte I am bae though
edna-curtis
wilbur-hank
link-patrick
corny-me
seaweed-akobi
motor... 
What is your favorite children's story? — Nymphomaniac vol 2 starring Shia LaBeouf 
If you feel stressed what would you do to reduce it? — Eat pasta. Preferably with cheese. 
What is your one major weakness? — Love probably. 
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? — Titanic: the filipino cut 
Follow me and ask me questions — Nah bruh I'm good 
Do you believe in horoscopes? — I believe in Poseidon 
Who's corey l? — Corey "Corcrazy" Levine is one of the best male dancers and actors I know. He's also such an am... 
@chad_vann I'm already too much of a thirst trap so
What are the three things that you cannot live without? — My Evita cast, hash browns, and puns 
Why is it so dark? — It's Joseph Cooney's fault 
Favorite alto/tenors? — It will always and forever be Ben Cherington 
@chad_vann @annapb34 YES?
@katie_brigitte Yo idk who the person who asked you this is but he/she's got a point
Favorite basses — Chad Vann, Joel Bernstein, Curtis, Jack Herrin 
@graci3e3e shots officially fired
funniest people you know? — Not Grace and Delaney ugh 
I've missed Ask fm
Who are your friends that have really been there for ... — My best friends David and Colin, Katie Wattendorf, Ra... 
Ask me a question | 
I really wanna do a cover video of a song from Smash
Buy me two boxes of thin crust pizza so I know it's real.
@chad_vann HO MY GOD I CANT UN-HEAR IT NOW
@delaney_keefe oh yeah I keep forgetting that I'm an immigrant
@delaney_keefe or Both Dakotas
@delaney_keefe it's literally a patch of land that has Liberals and blue crab farmers
Y'know it saddens me when my state is only famous world wide cause it's where "The Wire" takes place in
Thankful for these two. Happy thanksgiving from the infamous Hipster Trio @ Geek Central 
Thankful for soulful and r&amp;b versions of Christmas songs
@vaughan_morgan @imLOVAINit I'm actually just more sad that I didn't say goodbye to you guys tbh
@vaughan_morgan DOC NOOO
@imLOVAINit hilariously you're "I$A" on my phone
I'm called by my Twitter/insta handle more than my real name, what is life
I'm actually just more that sad that I didn't get to say goodbye
@vaughan_morgan I was over with the MSA kids. We were waiting for them to come out
@vaughan_morgan wait what? You guys knew where I was?
@vaughan_morgan I started looking for you guys after you left. Did you guys look for me?
@vaughan_morgan @imLOVAINit oh no yeah I'm just being a dick face and rubbing it in cause I tried looking for you both after you left
@vaughan_morgan @imLOVAINit DAMNNNNN SON.
Shit idk if that's fact or not
As much I want to say something about how racist police are ( because some really are) and how unfair america's law system is sometimes
Honestly im ignorant and I have no opinion on what's going on in the world because I don't know enough about it.
@vaughan_morgan @imLOVAINit she's mad salty that you both didn't get to meet, hug, high five, and talk to Pasek and Paul. I'm assuming.
@imLOVAINit I literally kept looking around the room for you
@imLOVAINit yeah I told Benj that Dogfight is my fav musical and the high-fiving commenced
@imLOVAINit I'm joking BUT YOU SHOULDVE BEEN THERE WITH ME TALKING TO THEM. I texted Ramsay but she didn't get it till she got home
@imLOVAINit they're v good at hugging and high-fiving too
@annapb34 I'm gonna apologize to them for messing up "First Date/Last Night" during the cabaret. It'll be grand.
@annapb34 A few of us are gonna see Pasek and Paul tomorrow
It's gonna a Last 5 Years cabaret reunion tomorrow night <CLOCKWISE RIGHTWARDS AND LEFTWARDS OPEN ><SQUARED UP WITH EXCLAMATION MARK>
@kyra_105 Ayyy I'm gonna be there!
What is your favorite song? #dubtrackFM — Anything by Drew Gaspirini. I know that sounds like an actual song but... 
What do you think of Joan of Arc? she heard the voice... — The answer to that is very simple: pics or it didn't ... 
Jesus Christ I'm not scared to die, I'm only scared of what comes after
I'm so excited for the Pasek and Paul concert tomorrow <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
No wait, yeah, it's everything
Pretty sure that my brain hard-wired to hate a lot of things. If not everything.
Hank Von Kolnitz: Have you seen the [Mayflower Hotel's] bathrooms? Theyre so nice!

Me: They also have great acoustics.

HVK: ... You would.
<YELLOW HEART><GROWING HEART><BLUE HEART>
LOL why do I even bother sometimes. I should just stop interacting with people period
I wanna be someone's "Little Dancer" :( #SadTweet #ForeverAloneTweet
Ever feel like whatever you do for friends and loved ones, you're still not appreciated or cared about so you're just like: Fuck it?
Emotionally, physically, everything. It doesn't matter. I'm fucked.
Actually it's like 9:36 so I won't drag it out for and hour when it really isn't
No matter what I do. It doesn't matter. So why try.
Twitter honesty hour. Sigh. 
A-rab and Pepe respectively looking super hot before their West Side Story performance. Well Pepe does… 
Holy shit do I not miss Mary's. Their food was garbage
#lt The best thing Seneca Valley had was having the principal RT and FAV a photo of Seussical... Smh
Nova schools have entire Twitter and Instagram accounts dedicated to advertising their shows.
The Isabella Lovain starter kit 
I love @benwhatever with everything I have
Something to live for, someone to love. My life goal since I've moved here to America
@annapb34 @chad_vann @bachy_91 Anna youre mexican too? We could be siblings
@_LizBolton I felt so blessed
I made it in life, I'm somebody's wallpaper with Wil Combs 
I &lt;3 @akobihyl
People: Dude whats your race?

Me: I am the One. I am the Matrix.
@chad_vann Did you even have to ask. YES.
YO WILL SOMEONE PLEASE SING THIS WITH ME, NEW MUSICAL 


@sassysoprano_ OMIGOD THE NEW MUSICAL THEATRE PAGE AND ZANE'S HAIR THIS SO GREAT
@delaneyngrace This is so gross.
The Stephanie Frazier starter pack 
@delaney_keefe @graci3e3e But yor so hot grace
@delaney_keefe I concede. I gladly accept defeat
@delaney_keefe those are fighting words 
@delaney_keefe 
@delaney_keefe 
@delaney_keefe uh. What career?
@delaney_keefe you basically introduced to me to this yeah
CAN THEATRE LAB DO "PETER AND THE STARCATCHER" SO THAT I CAN FINALLY BE BRAVE ENOUGH TO TRY OUT SUMMER ACTING INSTITUTE
Currently eargasming 
Yoooo happy birthday to one of the most talented and amazing human beings on the planet. This is me… 
The Chad Vann midnight delight experience starter kit 
@katie_brigitte
The Katie Wattendorf starter kit 
The Hank Von Kolnitz starter kit 
Hmm should I do a starter kit for Chad?
@sassysoprano_ THIS SHOWS THAT I ACTUALLY LISTEN TO EVERYTHING YOU SAY LIL SIS <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
Making starter kits are tests of friendships to me
Ally mother fucking Peek starter kit 
Anna Phillips Brown starter pack 
“@_dkxo: @jaimeeatilano at least my hair is real” 

Son I'm done. This wasn't shade. This was a fucking eclipse. 
Me during class 
When you and the squad looking hella fresh 
@delaney_keefe "absolute geekery"
Time to bust out the long johns to not freeze to death cool
AND Y'KNOW, Y'KNOW, YOU KNOW THIS COLD AINT'T BEAUTIFUL. I HOPED, I DREAMED, I PRAYED BUT DIDNT GET MY WAY <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
"Run Away with Me" is kinda my token song now
I know I'm afailure for not being able to spell the word "flattery" right, Google thanks 
#ss <NECKTIE> @ Theatre Lab Gala 
She geeks 
I use "spoiler alert" wrong so many times
@delaneyngrace @chad_vann I was talking about you mostly grace. Not Delaney
Cold white rice is my all time nightmare
@delaneyngrace @chad_vann spoilers: they're not funny <WINKING FACE>
@graci3e3e are you saying this cause I'm brown and I resemble the native Americans or.............
"That's impressive my friend, but can you do it on a dick though?"

My response whenever someone does something amazing
@delaney_keefe You're high and I'm sleepy and high as fuck.
None of us are mean people lolol
@graci3e3e h0ly shit it's like California over there
@delaney_keefe YOU @ ME WHAT
@graci3e3e Its pitch black out right now...
@akobihyl AKOBI YOUR AVI 
@graci3e3e what the fuck are you guys doing after midnight cause it's entertaining
@delaney_keefe g0 away Delaney
@delaneyngrace R U guys high as shit rn? Can I lose my blazing virginity with y'all.
@graci3e3e hi grace
@delaneyngrace am I talking to Delaney or grace or a third party. Bruh I'll never know
I woke up to a Delaney and grace fan club. Don't you fucking wish you were me right now <INFORMATION DESK PERSON>
@delaneyngrace ......... WHY DOES THIS EXIST.
What's the point of being a good friend when people don't give you the same effort that you give them.
In two years, my baby cousin Ramona doesn't cry because a brown stranger started holding her anymore.… 
@TacoAlexx_ nah we're just chanchis
Legally Blind the musical. Starring Laura Blind Bundy.
Reason to love life. White cheddar and pasta 
Isn't it funny, that you believed that it was real.
CONGRATS TO THE CAST OF RHINOS FOR A GREAT SHOW WITH GREAT SPELLING @akobihyl @imLOVAINit 
Being an actor sucks until you're actually on stage in front of an audience.
What I wake up to every morning to get hyped 
i'm sitting alone in my room eating white cheddar mac &amp; cheese and I couldnt be happier
#tbt to singing this amazing song which I miss so so much #EvitaMTIT @ A New Argentina 
Is it bad that I actually wanna host a Theatre Lab roast
@annapb34 oh you're welcome
I can literally write books from the honest DM's I'm sending my friends right now. I don't give a fuckkkkk though
I will never get tired of Journey so stop trying to convince me otherwise, SOCIETY.
MSA? More like MS BAE... I will never be cool as ally peek why am I even trying goodbye world
I was in DC today and I was too poor to afford a ride to the veteran's day concert
Why do i need math to get a degree in communications? fuck you, college
"I give up on math" should be my catchphrase
@STABlLlTY Sorry not sorry
People should win homecoming queen and king because theyre genuinely good people that are well liked. Not because theyre on a sports team
I actually like sending out honest dm's cause I get to meet new people or old friends and tell them how awesome they are
Because I'm literally stuck in a bus stop for the next hour probably HAHHAHA kill me
Fav I'll dm you my honest opinion of you.
@baejelly Awk cause we literally just rehearsed that today for the TL cabaret benefit
Lines in chipotle are the reason why I'm unhappy most of the time
There's a guy singing r&amp;b at the portrait gallery and I wanna join in
I wanna make a mockumentary about a group of college roommates who are actually vampires. And they have to deal with the Werewolf Fraternity
"Oh she's dead. BUT LOOK, she was reading.... The Bell Tower by Sylvia Plath ooooooh"
I honestly just want to eat fast food while listening to Iron and Wine today
The question is, why HAVENT I gone back to my 2009 Death Cab For Cutie phase yet.… 
Good mood and good vibes all around <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Favorite and I'll send you an honest dm or like what I think about you in general. I need to tell certain people how much I love them
But Rent rehearsal today was fantastic so I can't complain
It's literally always Nov 14-22
All my virginia friends have shows on the exact same dates and it's stressing me out
Trying to make r&amp;b versions of Drake songs since 10th grade
Same bruh  
I probably have more cousins here in Maryland that I'm not aware of, don't I.
"The theatre community in Maryland is so interconnected so why are you surprised?"

*Filipino community
I have a cousin that goes to @Thats_so_Ramsay and @CoreyGlaser's school and I didn't know she existed till Ramsay told me. Woops.
I will never be as cool and amazing as Cook from Skins so what's the point, Life?
@DalyShea thanks Shea <LOUDLY CRYING FACE><LOUDLY CRYING FACE>
Hyperventilating in nervousness
And i'm scared shitless
Update Im about to audition for a role that might get me my first ever job acting and singing while getting paid in a few days
@SamCornbrooks YUP, she was the first lady in DC to play Cathy in TL5Y.
@SamCornbrooks This lady named Tracy Lynn Olivera. Lol she usually tells me when I'm not singing with technique.
I actually kinda have an over gaping fear of developing nodes since my vocal teacher is busy doing Fiddler On The Roof
@SamCornbrooks The #tenorstruggle is so real, i cant fade.
If only i can get hit the falsetto like consistently though ugh
That moment when you finally get the harmony to your part right yesssssss
Good night and good luck, ladies and gentleman cause that was amazing
@RedScareBot @chad_vann CHAD OUR LIVES HAVE BEEN MADE
@chad_vann Party... like a communist? Oooooh this is new
Bromance: The Dudesical is real and funny as hell
I have a really weird love affair with up and coming musical composer/lyricists
@imLOVAINit 
@imLOVAINit Audition for 25th Annual Putnam at Kensington Arts Center with me
We're smiling but we're actually ready to violently smack eachother in the face at a moments notice @… 
When you have no ride till 2 am so you're stuck in DC in a McDonalds full of Stoners and you're just like 
Guys a McDonalds in some rachet part of part of DC invented White Chocolate CONFIRMED 
Stranded in the middle of DC in a mcdonalds filled with stoners and no ride
@sassysoprano_ we would be so amazing agh
and I'm right in the middle of it 
In actually not scared of DC after midnight. It's just that weird shit always happens around this time
Bruh they even changed the signs too what even. 
"No sir/madam I do not speak Spanish nor am I Hispanic in any way other than distant heritage." A metro biography by Patrick Atilano
Im so hyped for my cast's Rent poster omg
For all the doubters who think that true love can't exist #mce #geeking @ National Portrait Gallery… 
Nah, u don't need to know who I am — I wouldnt be so hard on you if I did. Just putting that out there. 
So what's really going on w/ u and Kaila? — Actually nothing really. We're just friends who havent talked in a l... 
What do you mean that was like a week ago — Bruh this is ask.fm, i dont know who you are and I've got a show wit... 
So y u lie then — Idek. I think I had a reason but I've long since forgotten it. 
yah you deffs post vids of u singing covers on insta — Ah you caught me. Youre completely right. 
but what about all those other public vids you have of you... — what, of my performances? Those arent really covers 
What was the first thing on your mind this morning? — "I would rather be tied to a chair and forced to listen to... 
Ask me a question 
Who is your style role model? — My brother Jaime tbh. Or the lead singer of Neutral Milk Hotel. 
Reuniting with @hanky_panky_poo is the highlight of this month tbh 
"You and your brother are obsessed over your hairstyles" 

BITCH YOU GUESSED IT 
I Swear This Time I Mean It 
What good idea you have had lately? — Not doing homework and napping all day instead 
Do you believe the devil exists? — I mean the Westboro Baptist Church must be lead by someone right? 
Also ask my amazing friends Anna and Chad questions 
Hey ask me a questios please and I'll love you forever 
02020608 cont x 3 - not appreciating you. I love you SO. MUCH. man and I always will. Again im sorry for lashing out at you.
02020608 cont cont - I just want you to know that youre so funny and you make me smile even when youre not trying and I'm such a fool for-
02020608 cont - I'm sorry that I snap at you or verbally lash out and thats kinda why I've been avoiding you for the past couple of days
02020608 - Hey bae, ive been so fake and awful to  you lately and out of all the TC kids, youre my best friend. Im sorry I scare you a lot
16 - The kindest and most thoughtful girl I know. Honestly if more people were like you, im pretty sure everyone in the world would be happy
16 - Umm you can go read what i wrote about you on ask.fm k thnx. I'm jk.
485 - I CANNOT WAIT see you slay in TL5Y. Youre gonna go so far in life and im happy that i was part of it dude. Much love!
485 cont - guy I am today. I love you and admire you so much and knowing that youre my bro and friend makes me happy daily.
485 - My idol. My one true love. My Judas. If I wasnt inspired by you during Bat Boy, I never wouldve tried so hard to improve and be the -
My mom still wants me to audition for the voice. But my only tragic backstory I have is that I was the only Asian in math that was bad at it
1357 cont cont - when I get the chance, lemme be your understudy okay? You already know that I have an absurd amount of love for you!
1357 cont - for that. You already know that you're my role model and I'm so happy that you're out living your dreams in New York.
1357 - Hi Belle <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> literally I feel like I can joke about anything with you and that you're such a wonderful friend to me and im lucky for -
I need way more than 140 characters to explain my love for my friends soooo this is annoying
11514 cont - we honestly need more people like you in the world. It would be such a better place and I love you to pieces never forget that
11514 - Ur a Doc. Ohmigod you already know that you're the awesomest to me. So sweet and kind and you try so hard to be the greatest friend
"What would Jesus do?" 

What would Kimye do is what you probably mean so ill let that slide.
All I want in life is Japanese hibachi and Game Of Thrones season 5 to come out already
422 - my lil sis, so of course ur a boy. I love you and your extremely EXTREMELY talented, sweet, kind hearted, and gaw-gous self endlessly
C69- youre no boy, you're a man. You really are like a brother to me, and I try so hard to make you laugh as hard as you've made me laugh <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
23 - Girl. Literally i feel like we were split from the same amoeba. or cell. or whatever BS biology was. Explains why yur the coolest tho
123123- I think youre a guy but youve confused me before. Youre one of the bestest friends i ever have and I'd take a bullet for you
And ill also tell you how I personally feel about you cause that's so important and integral to your life right
Yo dm me a number and I'll tell you what gender you are.
How my extreme ADHD prevents me from getting girls 
@annapb34 @chad_vann @kristenharmonyb @poeticjester Never Forget 
"Patrick, how's my essay draft?"

"It's as good as your hairline"
It's not even teenagers exclusively, adults in the musical theatre industry have mental issues too
"Theatre kids are almost always depressed or have a history of depression" 

Basically.
@chad_vann yes chad. I WILL marry you.
Did we actually stay up all night just to get this picture? Yes. Yes we did #noragrets #ss @ Praise… 
FAMILY GOALS  "@ActuallyNPH: Happy Halloween from Gotham City!! 
"Your brother is basically an Asian Tyler Oakley."

Me: "I can't even argue, that's how true it is"

@jaimeeatilano
Taking the metro the morning after Halloween is so fun cause you can play the "how many Walkers of Shame can you find" game until your stop.
We're the asteroid that's overdue <FIREWORK SPARKLER> @ Westerburg High 
It seems every time I'm about to despair, there's a 7-11 right there 
but u said u didn't like covers on insta — I did, but I'm making people aware of my show that's coming up. Sorry... 
Come see me murder and mutilate my throat as Roger in Truly Horrifics' RENT since he has most of the… 
Always choose the kitchen option ( inspired by Logey Dogey) 
when bæ's across the Atlantic Ocean but says that her parents aren't home <ANCHOR>️ 
i didnt see it though? — Oh you're a different girl then. That cover was meant for someone else who asked me on ... 
i didnt even get to see it:'( — You said you loved it yesterday 
Ask me a question | 
but u didnt say potato though :,( — Nah that got old pretty fast 
katie iwantacover — It's on insta for you 
@jaimeeatilano true, I'm dumb
@jaimeeatilano WHEN THE FUCK DID HE WRITE THIS
@katie_brigitte you are The One. You are the Matrix.
basicallyyy i watch cover's from my friend's instagram — Ive already made it for you. But. Will you at least tel... 
i mean svhs is a pretty tight school wouldn't you say — well can i at least know your last name? I wanna see if ... 
so whaddaya say — Okay, I will whoever you are. But do you  know anyone I know. Again, private answer 
wtf man why — Yo man. Name or nothing and I can live without making any public covers cause i sing to a lot of p... 
do everyone a favor and sing a potato flew around my room — Nah man, no name no cover 
pls do that last suggsetion — I already have an idea. But alas, no names so it will not come into fruition 
actually no sing thinkin bout you but replace tornado... — I REALLY WANT TO DO THIS. But only if I have a name p... 
YEAH MAYBE I MIGHT BE MAYBE NOT — Well I'll tell you one thing, no name, no cover. Come on is it rly that hard? ... 
FULL COVER OF NOVACANE PLSSS — Wait are you the same person who was asking for Ariana Grande 
ughhhh all i want is to hear your silky honey voice s... — Well then let me know who are at least so I can think... 
obviously i am — Not really cause you're trying to be all aloof and mysterious when it's obviously preventing yo... 
cover so i know its real — I don't even know if you're real 
I'VE WAITED LIKE 234809UR39084 YEARS — I mean, if you tell who you are then I'll be motivated to do this cover 
How to get over a break up. #truestory @ Paris France 
Rent presents the #DreamTeam Maureen and Roger 
Maureen is the lord of roger
Maureen should sing one song glory in rent
Ally is perfect
@chad_vann this what you make me go through everyday. The pain of missing you. 
When Eva Peron told Magaldi: "Your act hasn't changed much" and he replied with:

"Neither has yours" 
"Are you wearing your northface and nice shoes, Patrick?"

"Yes, mom"

"Well be careful. A man got stabbed because he was wearing those"
How do you communicate most with your friends? — Cave paintings leave a great impact and gets the message across 
What song did you most recently get tired of due to its overplaying? — Muzzeta's Waltz 
tell us abt ur 1st time — Thats between me.... and Obama, sorry. 
What is your favorite ice cream flavor? — Democratically elected Freedom 
What should a real woman be able to do? — Grow legs to live with the humans above the ocean cause she wants to b... 
because why the hell not, right? 
What do you miss? — Honestly, I miss The Philippines. Pretty sure there was way less drama and stress back there 
#tbt to me attempting to smolder while the camera crew was probably dying of laughter <SMILING FACE WITH SUNGLASSES> @ Manila City 
@kalynbrown_ @Ismexican I say that with love, Kay.
I feel like chamber choir went to hell after my class left
@kalynbrown_ @Ismexican Kalyn you are some shit most of the time, lets be real with ourselves and our beliefs.
@Ismexican @kalynbrown_ Yeah when Joel, Victor, Nick, Travis, and Stokes were there. That year was so so special
@kalynbrown_ @Ismexican umm... Remember the shit and abuse we all went through?
Ask me a question | 
What do women talk about when there are no men around? — They probably talk about why Pirates of Penzance and Fl... 
favorite selfie face (if this is not one originated b... — I think you overestimate the power of my memory becau... 
Answer meh questions please they're the bomb diggity — What questions, Little Sis? 
Favorite angle to put your hair — Well since I'm Asian/Hispanic... Up. 
@jaimeeatilano if you can't take the shade, step out from under the trees bitch <PALM TREE><PALM TREE><PALM TREE><PALM TREE><PALM TREE>
@jaimeeatilano @aimeebrennann if you're ugly in all photos, is it still a #gloup?
WHEN DO WE WANT IT — How about politely i refuse until I know who you are? No arguments cause i don't mind not c... 
@STABlLlTY srry Reejah
What was the happiest moment of your life? — When I reunited with my mom after she left me when I was 4. 
What is your most played song? — Candy Store from Heathers the Musical this year by far 
That awkward moment when you're the same kid you were 12 years ago 
Ask me a question | 
Making my friends laugh makes me instantly cheer up no matter what
like i always have tv show ideas swirling in my mind and i have no clue what to do with them
I seriously want to make a sitcom pilot
*Forever singing songs from the 80s to the detriment of my family members trying to sleep*
I dont think people believe me when I tell them that I only started doing musical theatre at TL's Batboy last year. 1st show ever heyoooo
My lord and savior 
I have the sex appeal of a school bus fire
#lt i dont even care that its meant for girls im covering it dammit
I NEED to cover "On Monday" from 35mm the musical before I die
I look like I just discovered the secrets behind space and time. 
People don't believe me when they hear that I'm 18 so I'm just gonna legally change my name to Peter Pan.
Im convinced that most of @benwhatever's videos on his iphone are of him singing Hedwig. And im more than okay with that.
But they did cast me as Roger so this makes a lot of sense. Btw this cast is goddamn fun i love it
That awkward moment when youre the sole and token straight guy in your Rent Cast.
It all begins today. May Adam Pascal give me strength. #NoDayButToday #EightyOnePages #rent 
yo homes. im waiting for "the way" — Sorry bro, gotta save my voice for Rent for now. It'll come though 
@chad_vann *shmoney *shakes head violently forever in disappointment*
@kristenpopcorn Since its a portrait of two beautiful people, I couldn't resist
I like a girl but don't know how to get her to really... — Well, honestly you're not gonna get anywhere by being... 
You need some novacane?? — Frank Ocean sure but not specifically novacane rn 
RIGHT NOW HOMES — The Way right? 
nah playa this is just to see how real the real was b... — Idk who you are but have me laughing so hard right no... 
post a video on instagram so i know its real. cover ariana gra... — It wasnt real before? Man you got me excited :( 
WHO ELSE IS TALKING TO U MAN SPEAK 2 ME — Yo I thought i was just talking to myself damn 
i hope you know (i hope you know) that this has nothing to do with yo... — Really? Wow man why didnt anyone tell me 
yo wat who just intruded in our conversation — This is why knowing who youre talking to is important 
i thought we had a thing going man. we partied together. you bought m... — We also watched 21 Jump Street Together? 
yo yo yo. keep those covers coming pls you can't take... — Ahh idk who I promised to Anon so idk haha. Okay how ... 
Cause ya know it's about killing someone — Truth. But it's also one of the greatest songs in the planet 
Isa's loss tbh you're hot — Oh?¿ Hang on, dont bring Isa into this. Thank you very much though. Ive honestly nev... 
NO THATD BE BEAST AF. confidentiality is key man — Hmm well curiosity is not so beast. I mean if you don't want ... 
can you also cover bohemian rhapsody sorry? like all ... — Hmm only if you tell me who you are so I can dedicate... 
My love for Jack Posey is like the ocean: Limitless
hows ur head — My heads still my head 
cover "ill make love to you" and "let me love you" pls — Lol I love Boyz ll Men and Mario so sure. As soon as I ... 
doing the deed — Honestly the whole time I was just like "wow this is happening isn't it, thanks Obama" 
pleaseeeee cover more sam smith on instagram&lt;3 — Lol of course :) 
kaila? — What? Who are you? 
If you could go on a roadtrip with any person, who wo... — Ally Peek, and we go cross country singing songs from... 
You dating isa? — No. She broke up with me. 
@annapb34 we can finally be like @packjosey now
@annapb34 I like your new twitter name
Ask me a question Pleaseee 
When your parents fight in front of you while you're all out in public 
#ss When Magaldi can't stop third wheeling Eva and Peron @ Squaddddd 
When the bae refuses to snapchat you nudes 
@STABlLlTY you're never welcome
@STABlLlTY LOLOL nah you just look like her in this pic. But saying would mean complimenting you so...
@STABlLlTY sorry you aren't Effie Stonem and you never will be bye
#tb to when my first date with  sassysoprano_ was so awkward that we had to harmonize to make… 
@bway_boundd These roles were not meant for men
@bway_boundd THATS EVEN WORSE
RIP to anyone who ever played Judas in Jesus Christ Superstar and their throats cause of the D1-D5 range
@chad_vann still crying, I love you
Jesus: Ben Cher
Pilate: Lara 
Simon: James
Mary: ... 
Photographic proof that our class Finals only took away the color from our lives. We will survive. We… 
@chad_vann KARENNNNNNNNNNN
#lt my first lead role ever!
Excited and blessed to announce that I've been casted as Roger in Truly Horrifics' production of Rent in Bethesda Maryland :)
If you can twerk your ass in a complete decagon shape I will be eternally impressed
I just realized that Lizzy Rader and I are the only asians that do theatre lab on the reg.
MC just kinda proved to me that most studies that don't involve my main interests are a waste of time
@annapb34 I'm actually just bored in English class. But I do know you were in parade so
English class is killing me
@annapb34 I played a pedophile lets be real with ourselves and our beliefs
@annapb34 you'd make a good Jaime, despite the Cathy song you're quoting
@annapb34 I'm good thnx
@annapb34 You were in Oklahoma?
@annapb34 What if you get the understudy. Nah you're not that lucky.
@annapb34 it's chad
@annapb34 I wonder who we're gonna get
@annapb34 nah

@annapb34 no
My life is so organized and not rushed at all and it reflects in my shoes 
What is the quality you most like in a woman? — Her ability to get tony and drama desk awards 
What three things in life you want more than anything else? — I'm actually Aqua man so neither 
Who was your idol when you were growing up? — Mussolini 
What is one thing you would never wear? — Camo pants 
iPhone or Android? — Alexander Graham Bell 
Favorite bite — Concrete 
Favorite sight — Chad Vann 
Favorite light — The light of Jesus 
Favorite height — If you're above 4'0 I won't discriminate against you 
What is your height? — Slightly taller than a hamster 
Who knows you better than anyone else? — Probably Katie Wattendorf 
Is there one person in your life that can always make you smile? — Christopher Walken :') 
If you could change your skin color to anything outside of the natural palette of skin colors, what... — Black Vann 
Do you like modern art? — I am a fan of Taylor Swift yes 
What do you say during awkward silences? — Yup 
Ask me a question 
#ss reunited and it feels so good @ Ebony and Lemon Bar 
@annapb34 THIS WAS YOU ALL OF LAST SUMMER 


@annapb34 your hair literally made you look like you were wearing a helmet or something
@annapb34 #tb


What are you thankful for today? — Everything honestly. Family, friends, my girlfriend, my talent. Its all very ... 
I wish life was as easy as transposing a song that's either too high or too low for you.
What things do you love? — Most of them usually involve chocolate, barbecue flavored potato chips and Netflix 
If you were a different gender, what name would you want to have? — Channa Phillips-Black 
Ask me a question 
What advice would you give to children today? — Always pray to Santa Evita 
What is the quality you most like in a woman? — Any girl that can sing a E3-G5 
@AVA_lanche_ @akobihyl @imLOVAINit Umm Akobi had that picture and showed it to me so im blameless
"I'll call you and your male friend later to check up on you both okay?" #ExcusesToCallYourEx (Alona Forsyt... 
Ask me a question pleaseeeee? 
@imLOVAINit has her phone taken away so im just gonna use this window of opportunity to expose the ever living shit out of her
@annapb34 No joke, this has been you contact name since Pippin
LOVE IS DEAD AND WILL NEVER HAPPEN TO ME 
All I wanna do is be you, @annapb34 
Nutella is magic
@chad_vann Dont go Wilkes Booth on us. Anything but Wilkes Booth.
Which song best represents your life so far? — All Star By Smash Mouth. Every. Day. 
@Thats_so_Ramsay @annapb34 she misspelled finger and put in another emoji instead of a knife so I was confused
If you havent watched Skins then you havent lived
Do you prefer Instavideo or Vine? — Vine for everything but song covers 
@annapb34 No creds? Youre just like how @katie_brigitte used to be
Real thoughts on Katie Wattendorf — Katie is honestly one of the most real people you'll ever meet. Shes super s... 
Do you regret losing your virginity? Who would you lo... — I dont regret it at all, but i would definitely lose ... 
Who did u lose ur virginity to — Obama 
From the summer post freshman year, to all those times in the pool sophomore year, to a small town in… 
S/O to the most wonderfully talented human being I've ever had the pleasure of knowing for being born today. I &lt;3 you 
Ever gotten a hj? — Ive gotten a lot of things from past relationships. 
Seventy Times By Seven by Brand New is probably my favorite song from my favorite band but holy shit does it suck live
#lt 
I HAVE BAGS UNDER MY EYES PEOPLE DONT TELL ME THAT YOU DONT WANT TO SEE THAT AS I ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS IN VIDEO FORM
YO ASK ME MORE QUESTIONS SO THAT I CAN ANSWER THEM IN VIDEO FORM
YOU CAN MAKE VIDEO ANSWERS ON ASK.FM TOO SWAG
@chad_vann You and I must make a pact. We must bring salvation back. Where there are bitches, we'll be there
I really just wrote a paragraph about my girlfriend on ask.fm.
Real thoughts on Isa — If youre reading this then hello to probably the greatest thing to happen to me this year... 
If I could marry a cast, I would marry my Evita Cast in a heartbeat
@chad_vann @annapb34 I was gonna write him some sonnets until you ruined the moment, Anna
@chad_vann Tears are for socialists. WHICH IS SO APPROPRIATE TO OUR PREDICAMENT RIGHT NOW.
@chad_vann You are literally the embodiment of talent and humor, I love you so much too bruh
@chad_vann THESE TEARS OF JOY AND GRATITUDE THAT IN HAVING RIGHT NOW WAS NOT PLANNED I ASSURE
@annapb34 ... I told myself that I wouldn't tear up tonight
Real thoughts on Chad Vann? — Literally the funniest dude Ive met. I remember times when I would go into Evita r... 
@annapb34 can you just know that I love you to the moon and back? GOSH
What do you think people think of you? — Cricket chirping comes to mind because theres not much to think about 
Real thoughts on Anna PB? — I hate her and her stupid face. But actually shes one of the reasons why I enjoy the... 

@FAlLUREBYDESlGN Youre hip to modern broadway musicals and famous jewish broadway perfromers I see?
@annapb34 Crying
Are you the kind of person who wants to be the big fi... — I want to be like Norbert Leo Butz from Big Fish, doe... 
What was the last movie you watched that was really good? — Prince of Egypt 
If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy? — The rights to the show Firefly 
How do YOU deal with Jealousy — Jealousy is actually something I have a problem with a lot. I just try to take o... 
How do YOU deal with love? — I dont know what love is truly, but when it comes to someone I actually care about ... 
How do YOU deal with breakups? — Break ups are always hard to deal with. I dont think I've ever handled a break ... 
How do YOU deal with acceptance? — Thats honestly something I cant answer because I usually never feel accepted.... 
What helps you to make the right decision? — Yahweh 
best guy friend? — Shoot, basically my twin brother since freshman year David Warner. But Chad, Akobi, Ben, Hank... 
What should a real woman be able to do? — Impress me with a 16 or 32 bar audition with a dance callback soon aft... 
@baejelly:
"my type: beautiful men with large bank accounts and low standards"

Hard same
What crazy things do you dream of trying someday? — Making it in show business and broadway HAHAHAHAHAHAHA wow t... 
What is your one major weakness? — The Dogfight Soundtrack 
If you were going to Mars, which one item would you b... — A whole Chick Fil A franchise cause the cravings will... 

You know most people would be stressing over classes or tests. I'm over here about tear my hair out cause Rent/Putnam havent been casted yet
Currently browsing Craigslist for a rock that I can bash my head open with because College Calculus is the devil incarnate
"What qualities would you find a attractive in a guy"

Me: "He has to be David Jarzen"
"Lifestyle" by Yung Thug is literally the only song that can turn a bad day into a better one
Salted or sweet popcorn? — Why is there even an "or" there. Both duh. 
What is your favorite sport to play? — Competitive Tetris 
Ask me a question | 
How the fuck did you find that tweet @FAlLUREBYDESlGN
@katie_brigitte EBOLA
@David_Jarzen I wish you were Isa too :(
@David_Jarzen David. My favorite qualities in a boy is that he has to be David Jarzen
:( yeah sure think i can do that. also why are we talki... — I literally texted you 15 minutes ago you dunce hahaha 
:/ im going to be out of town this weekend nooooooooo... — Shoooooooot. Okay, what about the Sunday the 19th? Ca... 
:///// — Letting me know that your phone was about to die would be nice! Lmfaooo. I'll see your beautiful and am... 
i have been in the same position on the couch since 3... — Same. Except I was sleeping. Sigh I could've came to ... 
whaaaaat i try so hard to be elaborate when i text r ... — Literally the last text you sent me was "lol aw!" And... 
Ask me a question | 
y u no text me anymore — If this is Isa then it's because you don't really give me a lot to go on when we text a... 
What's your favorite quality in a girl — If she does theatre and her name is Isa then she's already like a 11/10... 
What's your pet peeve — I HATE it when people ignore something I say because they have nothing to say. The least... 
are you friends with this girl named Yana? I heard sh... — Yooooooo Yana makes me feel irrelevant as a performer... 
Closest friends? — Katie Wattendork, David Warner, and most of my Theatre Lab cast mates from both shows 
I think it starts becoming a real problem when the negative things that you think about all the time start manifesting into nightmares

yeah that's me right now.
Sundays are the best #oitnb 
#ss with the crew at Theatre Lab's Amazing Race. But actually, we were so proud of ourselves for… 
@annapb34 @chad_vann @Thats_so_Ramsay that's right. We have experience on our team. Anna found a LAMP last year
I'm living proof that you can change for the better during high school 
FUN FACTS ABOUT PATRICK: I still hold the record of reading 167 books in one school year in middle school because i literally had no friends
@katie_brigitte I'll stick close to you and Merry Rose
Its gonna be so fun Third Wheeling Chad and Anna this saturday. I mean doing the amazing race, go team Evita.
#wcw with the Christian rap enthusiast @ The National Harbor 
#lt because it honestly had none. It's spreadable candy
Nutella might taste like the tears of unicorns, golden rays of the sun, and your first love. But don't lecture me on it's "health benefits"
@annapb34 @kyra_105 @benwhatever I have to walk through a sketchy ass ghetto to get there no matter how it's spelled
@imLOVAINit LOL at me??? 
@imLOVAINit Not if you know six languages
Day 2 of working on "My Unfortunate Erection" from  Putnam and already I feel like my throat wants to give out and just die peacefully
Preparing my body and soul to trek all the way to Atlus arts center to see @benwhatever and @kyra_105 perform The Last 5 Years
So I finished binge watching New Girl and I now I find out that there's 8 seasons of Criminal Minds on Netflix. Goodbye world.
@baejelly 
What quality do you value most in your friends? — Honesty. It shows I can trust them. 
@katie_brigitte I ship it so hard
What is the best way to deal with stress? — Singing. Like no joke, singing helps me so much. 
Ask me a question 
Are you an art lover? — Art is for squares. I'm a full blown Oblong obv 
What is your favorite movie soundtrack? — BOOM CLAP THE SOUND OF MY HEART THE BEAT GOES ON AND ON AND ON AN- I'd... 
Is this a sign, Selfie Gods? Have I failed you? 
How often do you change your hairstyle? — Ive had like 6 since Summer started 
Do you keep your room clean or messy? — My room looks like World War 3 happened inside it 
Have you ever been in love? — I'd like to think so? But I dont think ive experienced enough to know what love is 
What worries you the most? — Basically everything because I'm a young adult 
How do you define “smart”? — nothing. There is no definition of smart. You can be a college graduate of Harvard ... 
Dude you are freaking amazing. One of the most talent... — WHAT. Who are you, thank you so much that means the w... 
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? — My Life Is Sad Because I'm Not James Franco 
Sup JD — Whoever you are, I love you 
What song do you love to dance to? — anything from STARLIGHT EXPRESS 
What does true friendship mean to you? — Being there for eachother, knowing eachother, willing to do anything fo... 
Would you pick brains or beauty? — No matter what I pick, the answer is always wrong 
Are you afraid of the future? — Honestly yeah, because its out of my control, but I just try the best I can 
I vote kellik chander, chad duke, and you mcnamara — Yes, Yes, and YES 
Which was the moment when you felt really proud about... — I made a really good Yo Momma joke once and it scorch... 
On a scale of 1-1 million how likely is it that you chad and kellik do a rendit... — I'd do it RIGHT NOW IF I COULD 
@DBZNappa:
"@Patarrrrz WHAT?! NINE THOUSAND?!" RIGHT ON CUE YOU SON OF A BITCH

What is something you want right now? — Chad's woman's trenhcoat so that I can be JD/ Adam Gwon for Halloween 
On a scale from 1 to 10 how weird are you? — Over 9000 
That awkward moment when the co-directors of Rent/ Spelling Bee kept putting @imLOVAINit and I in scenes together and then shipped us later
@Elalanana it clears my air passages and it makes a really a good strawberry banana smoothie
Casually using my steam inhaler in the middle of my job like it's not weird or anything 

I havent sung in a couple of weeks cause Im afraid that theres a hole in my lungs again and its depressing me to no end
You're cute lemme get yo number ;) — I feel like this is a trap 
Ew — Exactly what I say to myself everytime I look into the mirror 
What word makes you uncomfortable — Lugubrious 
K — Hi, gorgeous :) 
Ask me a question 
@imLOVAINit @annapb34 @hanky_panky_poo but it's sooooooo <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES><SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
@ChanchoPicasso Literally the most annoying and ignorant sometimes
Derek Klena makes me wonder why I even sing in the first place
@imLOVAINit @annapb34 @hanky_panky_poo 
@imLOVAINit @annapb34 @hanky_panky_poo Im sorry, are you a bad ass bird of prey?
So I just gotta some cavities filled and im not allowed to eat for 4-5 hours and im starving. Someone. Please. Distract. Me.
@annapb34 it's cause he has a dog named Evita in the show. That's probably why you know.
@annapb34 YO. Benny's been my dream role since I was a fetus how'd you know!?
Following expectations #Shmurda (remake of @adda_boi) 
@chad_vann did someone say Adam Gwo- I mean, 7-11? 
why do some high schools have better mics than musical theatre programs
My twitter banner shows that I cant let go. #NeverForget #MTITEvita
@annapb34 @bway_boundd 
How can I keep my life together when I cant even figure out what Imessage groupchat I'm in
@annapb34 @hanky_panky_poo Hawks or falcons are better than Isa. You win.
@annapb34 Yeet, we're trying to buy tickets for friday night before it closes
@annapb34 I heard both your friends are the lead sisters
@hanky_panky_poo Is that a falcon on your shoulder?
Ask me a question 
#lt I rage so hard. Clubs cant handle me.
Friend: "Hey wanna come to my house and smoke weed all day?"

Me: "Nah im wanna watch a Play called 'A Streetcar Named Desire' that night"
Twitcon on fleek
My life summed up in one word 
My performance at the Last 5 Years Cabaret, which I was dedicating to a special girl, video creds to… 
What is your favorite love story movie? — Stardust had a really good romance 
When you need advice, who do you go to? — I actually just go to the friends who i talk to the most. Because they... 
What's the worst movie ever? — Catwoman 

If you were to write a movie script – what would it be about? — The sequel to Catwoman 
When you can justify a lie? — Honestly its never right to lie, but when you do it, at least do it like as someth... 
She's kinda the 
I was buying lunch and my class mate was the cashier and she said my meal was $4:21

So i kept saying "420?" "Is it 420?" "It's 420 right?"
@chad_vann Extremely hard same.
#ThingsPatrickHearsDuringFilipinoParties

"How'd it feel having sex with an American?"

"It felt like freedom!"
I just wanna say that I love my friends, who are beyond talented and the funniest people you'll meet.… 
Ask me a question 
I haven't been this exhausted in both mind and body in a long time.
College has me going through the days like 
Skin tone level: Cinnamon Apple
My Iranian barber knew more about Asian hair than all the Asian hair stylists. So she always gets the Asian customers.
I never thought I would have a walk of shame after I saw a hair stylist but this is the moment.
That awkward moment when you were trying to tip someone $10 but you didn't see the period so you really just tipped him/her 10 cents.
Happy birthday to my little brother, best friend, and fashion coach. Jaime you and I have basically… 
@akobihyl @imLOVAINit LOVE??? IM NOT READY 4 COMMITMENT YET
It's funny cause it's true 
@imLOVAINit IT WASNT ENOUGH
Im only ever asian when I smile.
@imLOVAINit Nah, its MY turn to expose YOU now, Lovain
Attention everyone, my brother is the only guy ever to pull off aqua marine hair. You're welcome 
Hipster couples that suck at poetry together... still suck at poetry together. Idk where I was going with that. I felt it had to be said.
cause I'm so nice #lt
Apparently im the cheese to her mice #WeSuckAtPoetry
Dressin' fancy for my little bro @jaimeeatilano's birthday dinner :D
I hate saving up, telling yourself "don't eat out, there's food in the house" AND THERES BARELY ANYTHING EDIBLE IN THE HOUSE.
@waronrhetoric Ken likes me too. Still didn't stop him from taking out his stress on me
@waronrhetoric Get energy drinks
@waronrhetoric Lol Ken won't
@waronrhetoric lolol it is, plus you'll probably have the bosses screaming at you the whole time. That was my 8 hour shift last sunday
@waronrhetoric Nope. Wait youre in grocery now?
Which countries have you visited? — I was born in the Philippines and I visited Japan, moved to america, and set... 
Ask me a question 
What is the most pointless invention? — Bing as a search engine 
What do you want to know about the future? — If Heathers is on Broadway or nah 
What's your wildest fantasy? — To go to one of Neutral Milk Hotel's secret concerts that they have in basements.... 
Maybe I'm actually just a brick wall. Like you'll talk to me and I'll bounce stuff back, but you can't break through.
I'm such a dunce like all the time. How I do I even get by in conversations?
Monday was a good day. Having the composer and lyricist of one of your favorite musicals is so great 
@babzzzz_ Yo the video that started it all


@babzzzz_ YOU ARE SO HIP YES
My real name actually makes me more Hispanic fuck.
I actually go through a journey to convince myself on whether i should post singing vids on Insta. Not this time though cause its Heathers
@bway_boundd YEET
In honor of the news that @heathersmusical might go on Broadway in the near future, one of my absolute… 
#lt We could name the band something vague and french
Forever trying to find a Jazzy Alternative band to be a lead singer for
These are forever my loves
Lake Street Dive
Neutral Milk Hotel
Twenty One Pilots
White Denim

Singing at MSA actually reminded so much of Filipino Pop Star Academy. It was freaky.
If you could visit the past or the future, which woul... — The past, I wanna see Six Year Old Me struggle in Fil... 
How do you usually express your emotions? — I honestly dont unless youre close to me. Becuase I constantly stres... 
btw to any future friends, I dont hate anyone, like ever honestly.
@not_bananas same. Excepts its pictures of me from 1st grade
If youre too nervous to talk to me then dont be, cause Im literally one of the friendliest guys out there. My friends would vouch for me.
#lt im seriously gonna ponder who asked that question. I hate my curiosity.
I secretly really really wanna be your friend but i don't think you know me help

But actually you can DM me and we can have a cool convo
Why cant my aks fm answers show up on twitter ugh
I just want a world where my brothers can be safe and happy. Fuck the bullshit.
#lt Then again thats MOSTLY EVERY FOREIGN PARENT. Its hella not a genration issue cause Ive met old people who are more understanding
My mom has zero control of her emotions. To the point of immaturity.
I should just recite lyrics from the song "Generation Apathy" and be done with ranting
Im still not okay with the fact that my home country is a country that raises children to not accept Homosexuals
Holy Obvious Answers, Batman!
Then again why should people who vent care about what other people think.
I dont get people who dont like it when people vent on twitter.
I just try to be a decent human being, but it never works out does it?
I'm overwhelming sometimes. So its cool if you avoid me or ignore me cause I understand.
People always say im a nice guy but usually if I insult someone, I really know to insult someone. So idk what kind of guy I am really.
Chad's gonna bite my neck again. 
Great.
@benwhatever @chad_vann Some handsome asshole
Ask me a question 
@packjosey UR PERFECT DONT HATE
Me wondering if there's more to life than sitting on a dock looking out into the sunset in an attempt… 
Me: "hey so have you heard of *insert any band from the Boston Calling 2014 Music Festival*"
Most people: "no"

Indie Music lover problems.
#mcm @packjosey 
Doing math hw online is both a blessing and a curse
This relationship is over before it started
He's clearly cheating on Anna
Chad wants to bite my neck
@chad_vann @annapb34 THEN ACCEPT ME BEING THE LINCHPIN AS WELL AS THE SLAUGHTERHOUSE
@annapb34 @chad_vann chad I will expose your texts
@annapb34 The Slaughterhouse also helped out.
@annapb34 *cough* because of a certain Tiny Mexican *cough*
I'm gonna be @AdamGwon for Halloween
Tracy Lynn Olivera will be the death of me if I don't get the comedic timing right. Best voice teacher ever though 
Jk I don't even know what we are anymore #lt
Isa sucks, at life.
Fam 
IM NOT COOL
Come see my amazing friends and I sing tonight at our cabaret to raise money for MSA's The Last 5 Years 
