Best news this weekend - Liberia declared ebola-free! Now time to look ahead for gov and partners! Sweden committed. 
Discussing with Lesotho's Ambassador to Sweden, Paramente Phamotse. Business opportunities, not least in energy. 
Great to meet close to 100 African and Swedish Business people in Sollentuna. Thanks SSACC Chamber 
Inspiring lunch with all Ambassadors from Southern Africa in Stockholm at Mozambican residence. Interaction and dialogue key in partnership.
Happy to read optimistic news about Zimbabwe in FT. KazaVisa makes it easy for tourists to explore Southern Africa. 
Next ordinary SADC Summit will be held in Botswana in August -15, hosted by incoming chair pres Khama. From extr meet 
- 
Swedish Foreign Minister Wallstrom in the most important weekly in Africa, Mail&amp;Guardian, on Swedish Foreign Policy. 
EU statement of solidarity with Ethiopia on horrible murder of Ethiopian Christians in Libya. Condolences. 
India increasingly important partner in Africa paying attention to ongoing Nordic-Africa Foreign Min meeting in SA! 
Swedish FM to South Africa next week for Nordic-Africa For Min Meeting. Informal talks on issues of mutual concern. 
Our great Swedish Ambassadors in Africa at Nelson Mandela Hall AU-HQ. They are Swedish relations with Africa @SweMFA 
AU Chair Dlamini Zuma gives warm welcome to all Swedish Ambassadors to Africa at AU hq Addis. AU-Sweden=partnership! 
Meeting with all Swedish ambassadors in Africa in the diplomatic capital Addis Abeba. Focus on strong Swedish engagement with Africa and AU.
Meeting with EU Africa Directors in Brussels. Focus Horn of Africa. We need to continue EU engagement, attention and listen to neighbours.
@Emre__Gurler @CharlottePetriG @AnnaRyott By curiously asking Africans about their views, see for ourselves and avoiding anectodal evidence
Africa is rising, part of globalized world. Partnership between Africa Sweden historic - moving into future #diafrika 
Swedish daily paper DI Africa Conf in Stockholm. Full house and focus on opportunities and a changed image of a rising continent. #diafrica

Välkommen att lyssna, diskutera och ställa... 
Sweden particular emphasis on African ownership of recovery at Ebola conf in Brussels, Cecilia Ekholm, MFA 
Namibia's outgoing President Pohamba worthy winner of Ibrahim African Leadership Prize, an inspiration for all, 
1800 Poor &amp; equal 
1970 Unequal
2000 Much richer &amp; more equal again.


Prof Gustaf Sjökvist has died. One of the most inspiring persons I've met. Many of us missing great friend. MusicAcad 
@Emre__Gurler @SWEACC , Yes, SWEACC doing an important job in Sweden - keep it up!
Challenge for Swedish trade - we need to focus more on potential in growing markets, i.e Africa, sais Swedish PM, 
Africa changing! We embrace sustainable economic growth + regional responsibility, Swe Gov Foreign Policy Statement, 

Tomorrow European Foreign Ministers discuss relations with fast developing Africa. Mutual opportunities &amp; challenges. 
Our colleague, just back from #Malawi &gt; 
We are focusing on increasing trade between South Africa-Sweden. Binat Comm mid-term review visiting Business Sweden 
Great to meet South African students on scholarship in Sweden at end of successful Binational Commission mid-term rev 
@Esbjornsson hej Erik, ja, det är det. SM var också i NY i nov och träffade då alla afrikanska FN-amb. UM var i Maputo för 2 v sedan, pres.
Swedish PM Stefan Löfven warmly welcomed by AU boss Dlamini Zuma in her speech at AU Summit in Addis. 
With Swedish PM and Deputy FM at AU-summit in Addis. Listening to and discussing with African leaders. Confirms Swedish Africa-engagement.
Pessimism easily self-fulfilling. 2015 many pos dev need attention; globalization and technology decreases poverty. 
Africa needs more long term investment. Huge potential - middle class will triple to more than a billion people 2060. 

@OECD @SweOECDUNESCO
1. #Norway
2. #Sweden
3. #Iceland
4. #NZ
5. #Denmark

Very important statement by AU on developments in DR Congo. Shows African engagement and responsibility. 
EU worried and calls on all political forces to return to calm in DR Congo. Need to respect constitution. 
EU condemns killings by Boko Haram. Only Nigerian leadership and regional co-op will bring lasting solution. 
Africa is catching up - fast. Debate shifted from aid to new markets, better investment decisions and policy choices. 
Africa in 2015 - here are 15 key pointers to watch, and by reading M&amp;G we will be continously enlightened. 
Growth in Sub-Saharan Africa expected to remain strong in 2015. Will see positive dev coming year! Read IMF report: 
Time to check out from Africa Dep for a couple of days with family and friends. Keep following dev and hope for peaceful African festivities
MFA Africa Dep in end of year meeting with African Ambassadors in Stockholm. Guest Bengt Säve-Söderbergh on his book. 
In Kinshasa discussing developments in the DRC and great lakes region. Important listen to different stakeholders, and to visit our embassy
@margotwallstrom

Africa's first electronic ballot when the people of Namibia now elects president and parliament. Follow The Namibian. 
Many images of globalized Africa. With a growing middle class, the male beauty industry on the rise in South Africa, 
Strong Swedish engagement with Africa. I joined when Swedish Prime Minister hosted meeting with all African ambassadors to the UN in NY.
Today important internat high level partnership forum on Somalia in Copenhagen. Swedish FM there showing strong commitment to Horn of Africa


Encouraging news that a transitional agreement has been reached in Burkina Faso. Great responsibility now on military to accept civ leader.
In my local store in northern Stockholm suburb, I just bought avocados from Kenya and oranges from Zimbabwe. I want more trade with Africa!
EU Africa directors meeting in Brussels: Horn of Africa, Sahel, terrorism, democratic elections. On ebola, we note strong African efforts.
#BurkinaFaso 
AU calls for a civilian-lead transition in Burkina Faso. We follow closely. Protest against military expected today. 
Good AU sending high level team to Burkina Faso. Int comm calling for restraint, constitutional order and dialogue. 
On worrying developments in Burkina Faso, the EU ref to Africa's own charter on democracy, elections and governance 
Kjell Westö's "Hägring 38" worthy winner of Nordic Council's Litt Prize. By knowing own history we stand up for values &amp; principles globally
 


EU welcomes the generally peaceful conduct of elections in Mozambique. 
Sweden today decided to allocate an additional 105 million swedish kronor to fight ebola, total support now 20 musd, 
Last time there was this level of optimism about Africa was end of colonialism. But still challenges. FT on Africa 
Swedish radio "Konflikt" important on risks for backlash on image of Africa due to generalizations in media on ebola 
You don't have sovereignity if you don't control your own budget - Mo Ibrahim reflecting on AU at Nordic Africa Days in Uppsala/Sweden
Africa=middle class &amp; luxury! FT Weekend's special report indication of African countries kaleidoscopic developments 
Just voted in Swedish general election! Wonderful to live and work in a functioning democracy. No rest until global! 
African reality has already changed. And continues. We are adapting. Swedish MFA, aid agency and NAI now discussing how to best analyze.
Hopes for refocus in Mozambique. Important meeting between top leaders today, ahead of elections next month, 
Important on foreign policy priorities by Swedish political parties ahead of elections 14 Sept. Swe radio Konflikt, 
Opportunities and challenges in Africa. Our Swedish ambassadors doing a great job focusing on both. Meeting them all today in Stockholm.
Key development to keep close eyes on in Africa is the fast growing middle class. Changes economies and societies. 
AU's no 2 Mwencha in Swe stressing need to continue changing perception and image of Africa - reality has changed! 
@CNsekela With a world increasingly globalized I believe strongly in more dialogue and cooperation with Africa on issues of mutual concern.
Important times ahead in southern Africa, worrying that SADC's new chair Mugabe wants to limit cooperation with west, 
Strong continued international engagement on the Horn of Africa with UNSC visiting Somalia and South Sudan. 
.@MikaelLindvall Positive state building process continues in Somalia with federal gov. Now also humanitarian challenges need to be tackled.
Is it true that Africa once was poor? Swe finance minister looking into the future in major Swedish daily, 
