Omotola defends Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray Bruce has been trending on twitter since last week ... 
Suarez and Ter Stegen push Barcelona to aggregate win vs. Bayern Munich: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to ... 
Sights and sounds: Barca reach the final: Bayern Munich may have won 3-2 over Barcelona at the Allianz Arena i... 
Burley: Barca switched off in the second half: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop, Craig Burley and Kasey Keller discuss B... 
Wilfried Bony says Man City players want 'legend' Yaya Toure to stay: Wilfried Bony said everyone at Mancheste... 
Arsenal's Per Mertesacker confident ahead of Manchester United test: Per Mertesacker says Arsenal remain confi... 
Star Football Superfan  winner extols Arsenal: If you ever thought yourself a ‘crazy’ football fanatic, then w... 
NFF wades into Iheanacho visa hitch: The Nigeria Football Federation has moved swiftly to help Manchester City... 
May 29: Council Of State Approves Timeline For Incoming Government: A template for the smooth inauguration of ... 
Horrible pics: mob attack female police officer accused of shooting protesters in Burundi: A Burundian female ... 
Jenny McCarthy tattoos hubby's name on finger: Los Angeles, May 13 (IANS) Actress Jenny McCarthy has shown the... 
Young couple take new 'designer steroids' - she grows a giant booty, he grows huge muscles: Found this hilario... 
Barcelona Cruise To UCL Final Despite Bayern’s Victory: FC Barcelona have progressed to the final of the UEFA ... 
Scores killed in Yemen arms-depot explosions: At least 69 people have been killed and 250 others wounded by ex... 
NDPHC blames low capacity of power plants on pipeline vandalism: ABUJA—The Managing Director of Niger Delta Po... 
$330.000 fraud: Afe Babalola never received payments from Ajudua — Witness: A managing partner of the law firm... 
Removal of Lagos chairman: PDP moves against dissident group: THE Lagos State Chapter of the Peoples Democrati... 
Nigeria, Iran set to boost non-oil export trade: Nigerian Export Promotion Council, NEPC, has pledged support ... 
SAP smart academy to  retool Nigerian youths for 21st  century workforce: As part of the initiative to provide... 
Yet Another Trekker! Nursing Mother Treks With Her Baby For Buhari: President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, seem to... 
Couples who met on twitter share their story and photos: More and more people are finding love on social media... 
Diane Kruger flaunts figure in topless image: Los Angeles, May 13 (IANS) Hollywood actress Diane Kruger was se... 
US Hispanics now more fluent in English: Report: Washington, May 13 (IANS/EFE) Hispanics living in the US are ... 
Barca strikers seal semifinal success: Bayern Munich restored some pride by winning the second leg but the dam... 
Gowon Praises President Jonathan And Buhari: Nigerian Former Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon (rtd), has pr... 
FG must ask Fashola &amp; Tinubu to mentor states on how to increase Internally generated revenue- Ben Bruce: Sena... 
Barcelona land in UEFA final, lose 2-3 to Bayern: Barcelona booked their place in the Champions League final w... 
Owoeri’s goal fails to  lift Atvidabergs: Nigerian striker, John Owoeri, got among the goals in the Swedish to... 
Man docked over rape of 24-yr-old woman: A 37-year-old man, Bidemi Adeleye, was yesterday charged before an Ik... 
Don’t compromise your job, Ndukwe advises Anambra tribunal: The campaign organization of the All Progressive G... 
Speakership: Group canvasses support  for Dogara: A group, the Arewa Youth and Women Coalition for Good Govern... 
Amokachi to take over FC Taraba: Daniel Amokachi looks set to take over as coach of Nigeria premier league out... 
Photos: Woman Caused A Scene Today In CMS When She Was Spotted Doing This: Day by day, women all over the worl... 
Kenya Moore claims she didn't know the man she'd been claiming as her man is married: Today, MediaTakeOut publ... 
Play of the day: Lewandowski's fancy finish: Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski levelled the match against Bar... 
Highlights: Bayern Munich 3-2 Barcelona: Neymar's two goals weren't enough to down Bayern at home, but were al... 
Bayern win, Barca go through: Bayern Munich fought back from 2-1 down win 3-2 on the night but the damage had ... 
Player of the day: Neymar nets two: Neymar scored a brace as Barcelona defeated Bayern Munich 5-3 on aggregate... 
Italian nurse tests positive for Ebola: Rome, May 13 (IANS) An Italian male nurse working with NGO Emergency t... 
6th Edition Of Niger Delta Achievers Merit Award To Hold 26th May: The award ceremony is scheduled to hold as ... 
NDIC moves to recover N34m debt from Okupe: The Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation has asked a Federal Hig... 
Rivers Assembly threatens to order Amaechi’s aides arrest: The Rivers State House of Assembly on Tuesday warne... 
Chinese firm completes major power project in Nigeria: Chinese construction company Sinotec has completed a ma... 
APC plotting to upturn our victories in Rivers, others – PDP: The Peoples Democratic Party has accused the All... 
Constitution amendment: Senate begins process to override Jonathan: The Senate on Tuesday began a process that... 
Community demands compensation for victims of 2014 demolition: WARRI—IJALA community in Delta State has appeal... 
We’ve paid our ad hoc staff in full, says Edo REC: BENIN—THE Resident Electoral Commissioner in Edo State, Mr ... 
PDP lauds Police interception of alleged loot in Rivers Govt House: Rivers PDP in a statement by its Chairman,... 
Babalakin sues efcc for malicious prosecution: Chairman of Bi-Courtney Ltd, Dr. Wale Babalakin SAN, has sued t... 
FRSC moves against driver’s licence racketeers: In a bid to clamp down on racketeers of driving license, the F... 
Muazu sues for peace, says bickering not in the interest of the PDP: Press statement from PDP chairman, Adamu ... 
Funny notice pasted on ESUT school notice board: A LIB reader who is a student of Enugu State University of Sc... 
Buhari Mourns Death Of Former President’s Son Chukwuma Azikiwe: The president-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, express... 
Our New Aircrafts Helped Destroy Boko Haram — ​Nigerian Air Force​: The Nigerian Airforce (NAF)  has attribute... 
Adnan Januzaj scores as Man United under-21s thrash Man City: James Wilson and Adnan Januzaj scored as Manches... 
Senate Passes Anti-Tobacco Bill: The Senate has passed the bill on an Act to provide for the regulation, adver... 
Bengali writer Suchitra Bhattacharya dead: Kolkata, May 13 (IANS) Famed Bengali writer Suchitra Bhattacharya d... 
Glam up your eyes with graphic liner: New Delhi, May 13 (IANS) Your eyes are the most expressive part of the b... 
Telecom giant Verizon acquires AOL for $4.4 bn: New York, May 13 (IANS/EFE) Telecom giant Verizon Communicatio... 
Solomon Arase confirmed as substantive IGP: Acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon Arase has been confirm... 
Niger Assembly speaker tackles predecessor, faults police: The Speaker, Niger State House of Assembly, Mr. Isa... 
Queen Latifah spotted strolling with her partner in NYC (photos): Queen Latifah, 45, was arm in arm with her p... 
AY Showcases Superb Football Skills in #TheFutureIsBright Video: Peak Milk is Celebrating 60 Years of feeding ... 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
So sad! Ardent LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu, dies: LIB reader, Prince Ugochukwu Chelsea Nwakanma, died yesterd... 
OMG! Man Steals Car While Preaching In Lagos: Luck ran out on a conman who disguises as a gospel preacher in I... 
Ibraheem Dooba To Buhari: Don’t Waste Our Time Like Obasanjo, Yar’Adua, Jonathan Did!: Superseding each other,... 
President Jonathan Explains Why Former IG Was Fired: President Goodluck Jonathan finally revealed the real rea... 
Dozens killed in Sudan tribal clashes: Dozens were killed and others injured when violent clashes erupted Mond... 
NGO asks Ekiti women to access CBN’s N220bn fund: An association, Quintessential Business Women Association, h... 
Suntai’s doctor, 13 others face probe for negligence, misconduct: Fourteen 14 medical doctors, including physi... 
Adam’s Temptation: Her body will take you to hell and back… Don’t Click!: Her blunt nipples and clean-shaven v... 
Imported gas to revive 10 idle power plants: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The government on Tuesday announced the ... 
Don’t treat us like conquered people, PDP warns APC: NATIONAL leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP ... 
Buhari mourns Chukwuma Azikiwe:  President-elect, General Muhammadu Buhari has described the death of Ambassad... 
Co-Creation Hub, Oracle partner to empower young tech-preneurs: If there is a place you can smell genius in Ni... 
Our victory over Heartland  will motivate Rangers – Agba: Sam Agba has stated that Enugu Rangers’ win in the w... 
Flying Eagles  give Success 72 hours  grace: Granada’s Isaac Success might be omitted from Nigeria final 21-ma... 
Human Barbie  Valeria Lukyanova shows off tight abs (photos): The Ukrainian model, 29, who is also known as 'H... 
Shun selfish Niger Delta leaders, ex-militants tell Buhari: A group of ex-militants, under the aegis of the Ni... 
Senate passes tobacco bill into law: The Senate on Tuesday, passed into law, the National Tobacco Control Bill... 
Seven Ekiti doctors receive kidnap threat: The Chairman of the Nigerian Medical Association, Ekiti, Dr John Ak... 
1, 200 Repatriated Borno Indigenes Arrive Maiduguri: At least 1,200 indigenes of Borno repatriated from Niger ... 
Jonathan Approves Sanusi’s Appointment As Supreme Court Justice: Even as his administration approaches its end... 
Seven Energy Commences Crude Oil Production From Stubb Creek: Seven Energy International Limited (“Seven Energ... 
Senate Presidency: Contestants Disrupt National Assembly Sitting Today: As the race for the senate presidency ... 
My First Marriage Crashed Because Of My Mother-In-Law – Actress Mercy Aigbe: Beautiful Nollywood actress and m... 
Ekiti Tightens Security: Wants To Ban Tinted Glass &amp; More: Ekiti State Security Council reportedly has propose... 
I very much appreciate the reactions of some of our members like Gov. Ayo Fayose – Muazu: - Peoples Democratic... 
Jonathan sacked Abba because of indiscipline — former IGP, Okiro: Former Inspector General of Police and chair... 
Council of State approves template for ianuguration of new govt.:  The National Council of State on Tuesday in... 
My friend’s husband is a two-faced cheat!: LAST year, my best friend spent a week with me trying to get over t... 
SuperFans: Arsenal fans drag Chelsea fans to penalties: Star SuperFans, the popular game show powered by Niger... 
Daddy duty: David Bechkam spotted hanging out with 3 year old daughter:  Beckham 40 and his 3 year old daughte... 
Gigi Hadid: 5 pictures of American-Palestinian model's perfect boobs: In every sense of beautiful, Gigi scores... 
Relationship advice: 5 forbidden types of love you are likely to have in your lifetime: You may have been on t... 
Paris Jackson: Michael Jackson's daughter looks stunning with boyfriend: Paris Jackson confirmed a new romance... 
Charlotte McKinney: Boob-delicious model bares it all in 6 lingerie-nudes: Curvy, Florida-born model, Charlott... 
Couples only: 7 valid reasons you are likely to get dumped by your partner: Breaking up with someone you love/... 
US chopper goes missing in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A US Vector chopper went missing in Nepal... 
No effective steps taken to bring back black money, Jethmalani tells SC: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Supreme ... 
IAF sorties to assess damage in Nepal after fresh quake: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Indian Air Force on Tues... 
Daredevils register six-wicket win against CSK (Roundup): Raipur, May 12 (IANS) An impressive bowling display ... 
Over 50 injured in Bengal tremors: Siliguri/Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) Over 50 people, including at least 20 schoo... 
US chopper goes missing in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A US Vector chopper went missing in Nepal... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Sepp Blatter's FIFA leadership has lost credibility, says candidate Van Praag: FIFA presidential candidate Mic... 
Rodgers' substitution of Gerrard vs. Chelsea merits a genuine explanation: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol reacts to Liv... 
Champions League: Bayern Munich v Barcelona factfile: Factfile on Bayern Munich and Barcelona ahead of their C... 
Jonathan appoints new Supreme Court Justice: President Goodluck Jonathan has approved the appointment of Justi... 
APC will ask looters to refund money – El-Rufai: Kaduna State Governor-elect and former Minister of the Federa... 
APC faults Fayose’s claim on salary delay: The All Progressives Congress in Ekiti State has asked Governor Ayo... 
Fresh earthquake kills 57 in Nepal, 10 in India (Intro Roundup): Kathmandu/New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) At least 5... 
Land bill sent to select panel; Rahul says government murdered UPA act (Roundup): New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The... 
Vijaya Bank's net profit rises 5.65 percent in 2014-15: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) Government-run Vijaya Bank on... 
Glaring errors in Jayalalithaa verdict, claims prosecutor: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) The Karnataka High Court's... 
UCO Bank net dips 27 percent in Q4: Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) State-run UCO Bank posted net profit of Rs.209 cror... 
Single Ladies only: 3 fast and easy steps to finding your Mr. Right: Men who adore their women must have seen ... 
Eva Alordiah: Would you rock rapper's bold blue lips?: Eva Alordiah shares fierce vibrant lipstick, wearing ye... 
Abisola Kola-Daisi: Daughter of Oyo state Gov. dishes out marriage advice on trusting your partner: Abiola Dai... 
In US: Brain-dead woman delivers baby boy: The mother, 22-year old Karla Perez, died two days after the delive... 
Relationship advice: 10 proven reasons why good girls love to date bad boys: Most of these guys have learnt th... 
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
FIFA's Sepp Blatter says he tried to tame football's success: ZURICH -- In a rare interview with a free Swiss ... 
Bullets And Fire! Timi Dakolo Pleads ‘Wish Me Well’ In New Video: Singer Timi Dakolo has released the visual i... 
Jonathan To Handover ‘Instruments Of Office’ On May 28 – Council Of State: The National Council of State on Tu... 
Bangladesh Blogger ‘Ananta Bijoy Das’ Hacked To Death: Another secular blogger has been hacked to death in Ban... 
UK’s Conservative Holds First Inaugural Meeting: For the first time in 18 years, the United Kingdom’s all Cons... 
Fuel scarcity: Blame FG for your suffering, marketers tell Nigerians: Oil marketers, Tuesday, blamed the Feder... 
Osoba: The veteran politician at bay: In my time, I have seen a great deal as observer and gone through a grea... 
Family makes formal announcement of Chukwuma Azikiwe’s death: THE Azikiwe family of Onitsha has formally annou... 
Security guard, 27, charged with stealing of customer’s N11, 000 in banking hall: A Tinubu Magistrates’ Court ... 
Bayern need Munich miracle to deny Barcelona: Pep Guardiola has promised embattled Bayern Munich will put up a... 
MediaCamp 2015: Learn photography &amp; digital filmmaking in Ghana: What if you could learn Photography &amp; Digital... 
Was Jay Z walking around with a h**d on? (photos): Jay Z left his office with Beyonce in NY yesterday looking ... 
Meet Black Miss Japan: Ariana And Her Struggles: Meet Ariana Miyamo, a beautiful girl who has been making wave... 
I’m Engaged, He’s Cool And Calculated But He’s Not… – Popular Actress: 34-year-old Benue state born Nolly wood... 
Five Years Without Him: Yar’Adua, Wake Up! Nigeria is Boiling: How has Nigeria changed since the untimely deat... 
Newborn Baby Buried Alive By His Parents Miraculously Survives For EIGHT DAYS: A newborn baby was found alive ... 
Oil Prices Rise Sharply: On Tuesday global oil prices rebounded sharply on the falling greenback, which makes ... 
Police arrest Kogi suspected kidnappers, recover N2.5m: The Kogi State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Adeyemi Ogu... 
Autonomy: Court summons Plateau, Benue bankers over JUSUN’s suit: A Federal High Court in Abuja has ordered th... 
Wolfsburg deny interest in Man City striker Edin Dzeko: Wolfsburg have rejected reports that Manchester City s... 
Police Council Confirms Arase As IGP: The Nigeria Police Council has confirmed Solomon Arase as the substantiv... 
Metuh Accuses APC Of Trying To Manipulate Election Petition Tribunals: The National Publicity Secretary of the... 
Sam Smith: Singer to delay second album due to vocal chord issues: The singer's next album will be delayed due... 
Mayowa Alaran: UI sets up investigative committee after 200 level student’s tragic death: An investigative com... 
Bryshere Gray, Trai Byers, Jussie Smollett: ‘Empire’ hotties cover Essence Magazine’s June 2015 issue: The goo... 
Doyin Okupe: Jonathan’s aide dragged to court over N34M debt: The NDIC, Liquidator of Gulf bank Nigeria Plc., ... 
Joi Mor: Gospel singer to hold her debut concert ''Doxa'': Gospel singer, Joi Mor has unveiled details of her ... 
Photo: EFCC Arraigns Five over N26million Internet Fraud: Find the EFCC press statement below ...The Economic ... 
Cameron promises 'different government' in first cabinet meeting: London, May 12 (IANS) British Prime Minister... 
SC declines larger bench for pleas against NJAC: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused... 
Rajya Sabha to take up black money, companies bill on Wednesday: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha will... 
AFC Cup: Easy win for Persipura Jayapura: Bengaluru, May 12 (IANS) Indonesian champions Persipura Jayapura mot... 
Three crucial bills taken up in extended Lok Sabha session: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The extension of Lok Sabh... 
Tiger Woods cheated on ex-girlfriend Lindsey Vonn - the real reason they split: What did she expect? That he w... 
2 siblings docked over alleged assault on father: Two siblings on Tuesday appeared before an Apapa Magistrates... 
Toure silent on Manchester City future: Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure refused to discuss his future at... 
Fashola hinges sustainable development on adherence to laws: Gov. Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Tuesday ... 
Ohanaeze chief threatens Igbo will secede if marginalised : The Chairman of state Presidents of Ohanaeze Ndigb... 
11,449 Nigerians return from Republic of Niger: A total of 11,449 Nigerians have returned from the Republic of... 
Ekiti to ban tinted glass, cautions landlords: Ekiti State Security Council has proposed to ban the use of tin... 
Buhari to tour Aso Villa with president Jonathan on May 28th: President-elect, Gen. Buhari will tour Aso rock ... 
Photo of Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II when he was a child: The little boy in the photo is the current Emi... 
Free @MyPocketMoni A Mobile Money Product From eTranzact To Solve Nigeria’s Payment Problem: May 7th marked a ... 
Blac Chyna steps out in sheer panelled jumpsuit as she celebrates birthday: Blac Chyna wore this revealing ens... 
Knife Man: Teen arrested for threatening to kill student with knives in school fight: Police have arrested a 1... 
New Music: Pastor J – 'My Way' ft. Shaydee: In the song, Shaydee and Pastor J give thanks to God for the many ... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect to receive handover document from Jonathan May 28: This was the agreement re... 
GBT (Golden Break Through): Auditions is back by popular demand on the Lagos mainland: Have you got what it ta... 
Up Close And Personal: The world’s most lucrative meet and greet rakes in millions:  
Read When Buhari Will Receive Handover Notes: The Council of state today, May 12, has ruled the date when the ... 
GEJ’s Mother Returns To Otuoke Before May 29, Read Why?: Madam Eunice Jonathan the mother of incumbent Preside... 
PHOTOS: Vietnam Sentences 2 Nigerians To 12 years In Jail: Vietnam has sentenced two Nigerians to 12 years imp... 
Sacked Lagos PDP Chairman Reacts To His Removal: Sacked People’s Democratic Party (PDP) Chairman, Tunji Shelle... 
Romance? SEE What Sean Tizzle Was Caught Doing With Female Fan (PHOTOS): Popular Nigerian artist, Morihanfen O... 
John Kerry Meets Russian President On Ukraine Crisis: U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry, met Russian Preside... 
LAUTECH Teaching Hospital Resident Doctors Protest Non Payment Of Salaries: Resident Doctors of the Ladoke Aki... 
Adaeze Yobo shows off her sons in new photos: The former beauty queen welcomed her second son some weeks back.... 
OPEC raises demand forecast, says oversupply still dogging market: The OPEC oil cartel on Tuesday raised sligh... 
Tribunal orders inspection of documents used in Katsina governorship election: The Election Petition Tribunal ... 
‘Edo govt not owing workers salary arrears’: Edo State Government has denied owing workers salary arrears, ins... 
Two S.African men plead guilty to rape and murder of nun, 86: Two South African men charged with the rape and ... 
Pics: Tara &amp; Fela Durotoye loved up as they celebrate 14th wedding Anniversary: Makeup and beauty entrepreneur... 
Eight Hezbollah militants killed in Syria: Beirut, May 12 (IANS) At least eight fighters from the Lebanese Shi... 
Obama's presidential library to be built in Chicago: Washington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) The future library and muse... 
Modi leaves on Thursday on three-nation visit: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Several agreements, including in the f... 
In Amethi, Smriti dares Rahul Gandhi on food park charge: Amethi, May 12 (IANS) Taking on Congress leader Rahu... 
Woman promised $30,000 to marry Indian man in alleged visa scam: Sydney, May 12 (IANS) An Australian woman was... 
Mu’azu begs for truce, reconciliation : The embattled National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaj... 
Buhari gets handover notes on May 28: The President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, will get his handover notes from ... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
Schalke chief backs Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sidney Sam suspensions: Schalke chief Clemens Tonnies has backed ... 
Unbelievable! Baby buried alive by parents is rescued after surviving 8 days in cemetery: A newborn baby has b... 
El-Rufai Promises To Revive Textile Factories in Kaduna: The Kaduna State Governor-elect, Nasir El-Rufai, has ... 
ix35 or iLand: This is an advertorial, not written by me. Read below...I met my old           time friend in a... 
In Nigeria: PEF saves $2 billion in oil revenue: According to Mrs Kasali, the funds were saved due to the use ... 
In Nigeria: $20 billion in revenue lost to fraudulent tax waivers: This figure was provided by a senior offici... 
Barcelona: Stars train ahead of UCL semi-final with Bayern Munich: Check out photos of Barcelona stars trainin... 
Currency Devaluation: Report suggests floating exchange rate for Naira: The report, titled “Exchange Rate Pass... 
Akwa Ibom State Polytechnic: Companies prefer polytechnic graduates because of their skills — Akpabio: Many in... 
Fuel Scarcity Trauma Lands 29 Year Old In Deep Muddle: The on-going fuel scarcity across the nation has been g... 
What A Man And His Girlfriend Did To Their Neighbour’s Breast Will Leave You Speechless: A 21-year-old mechani... 
Interesting! Burna Boy Threatens To Beat Bloggers Up: It’s no news that Burna Boy takes to his Twitter account... 
Read How Motorist Dies While Queuing For Fuel At Filling Station: The fuel scarcity currently ongoing in the c... 
PHOTOS: How Lagosians Survive With Odd Jobs: Nigerians are renowned for engaging in all manners of odd jobs to... 
Police council confirms Arase’s appointment: The Police Council presided over by President Goodluck Jonathan o... 
Osun doctors protest  nonpayment of six months salaries: The Association of Resident Doctors at the Ladoke Aki... 
Arase confirmed as IGP: The Police council this afternoon confirmed Solomon Arase as the substantive Inspector... 
Jonathan takes Buhari on tour of Aso Villa: Jonathan takes Buhari on tour of Aso Villa
The post Jonathan takes... 
Jonathan approves Enugu Free Trade Zone: ENUGU---President Goodluck Jonathan has given the final approval for ... 
Jonathan presides over Council of State, Buhari, Obasanjo, others in attendance: President Goodluck Jonathan o... 
‘Nigerians will value Jonathan in the future’: FORMER Minister of Police Affairs, Alaowei Broderick Bozimo, ha... 
Taken up concerns over economic corridor project with China: India: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) India has taken u... 
Thailand to host meet on illegal migration: Bangkok, May 12 (IANS) The Thai government will hold a special mee... 
India's industrial output slows, but inflation eases (Roundup): New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Indications of a stro... 
Twin bombing kills four in Syria: Damascus, May 12 (IANS) At least four people were killed and 28 others wound... 
Tremors felt in Uttarakhand, no damage reported: Dehradun, May 12 (IANS) Tremors were felt in many parts of th... 
Nationwide strike looms in govt hospitals: There is imminent nationwide strike in government hospitals if the ... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
How Madrid can kickstart Gareth Bale: Can Gareth Bale get back on track on Wednesday?

Roughly one ... 
Christina Milian: Singer tattoos Lil Wayne's name on her arm: Did you know Milian is a side chick to Wayne... ... 
Ayo Adesanya: Actress releases sexy new photos: Actress; Ayo Adesanya unveils sporty chic look in a customized... 
Ogenyi Onazi: Super Eagles midfielder watches street football in Nigeria: Ogenyi Onazi posted a photo of himse... 
No Excuses: BIDAPOLY student discover Coliform bacteria in Bida communities’ drinking water: Members of some N... 
Pulse TV Exclusive: Ice Prince talks about meeting Jay Z: The rapper said it was a powerful moment for him mee... 
Arrest fraudsters using our name to defraud Nigerians – APC: The All Progressives Congress (APC) has challenge... 
PHOTOS: Obasanjo Attends Jonathan’s Final Council Of State Meeting At The Last Hour: What could have been a re... 
APC Rep Accusses Oyegun Of Falsifing His Death Certificate To Disqualify Him: Christopher Erhodyne, a Delta st... 
SEE PHOTOS: Nigerian Curator Shows Weirdest Art In The World At Major European Exhibition:  Nigerian curator O... 
FINALLY! Flavour’s Lover, Anna Banner Spotted With Her Baby Bump: Finally, Anna Banner has been spotted with h... 
African Woman! See What Victoria Kimani Did To Her Body [PHOTO]:  The length some of our musical artistes and ... 
Photos from the Council of State meeting today: Past Nigerian leaders including president-elect Gen. Buhari, G... 
Photos: Freda Francis covers May issue of Tribe &amp; Elan magazine: Tribe and Elan debuts "The Beauty Edition”. T... 
APC demands arrest of job scammers using party name : The All Progressives Congress has challenged security ag... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
NIMC Staff Protest Planned Retrenchment Of Colleagues: Staff of the management of the National Identity Manage... 
Amethi food park promoter failed to meet conditions: Harsimrat Badal: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Countering Cong... 
Two killed as quake jolts Uttar Pradesh: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Two people were killed and half-a-dozen others... 
Two arrested in Spain for spreading IS propaganda: Madrid, May 12 (IANS) Spanish police arrested on Tuesday tw... 
Modi seeks to improve relations with Pakistan via cricket: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Despite apprehensions rais... 
Germany, Israel warn of anti-Semitism surge: Berlin, May 12 (IANS/EFE) German President Joachim Gauck and his ... 
Photos: Iyanya renews contract with MTN for another year: The singer today May 12th renewed his contract with ... 
Chris Brown doesn't want his stalker prosecuted, prays for her!: Chris Brown does not want the 21 year old Tun... 
Enemy Within: 22-yr-old girl docked for stealing boyfriend's phones:  
Burna Boy: Artiste threatens to kill bloggers who write about him: In his tweet, the former Aristokrat Records... 
Marlon Peña: Honduras footballer attacks pitch intruder with a fly-kick: Marlon Pena who plays right-back Real... 
Goodluck Jonathan: Obasanjo, Buhari attend President’s last Council of State meeting [PHOTOS]: The meeting was... 
Mutual Consent: 14-yr-old girl tells court she had consensual sex with alleged rapist:  
Plateau restricts movements in farms to curb killings: The Plateau State Government has ordered the restrictio... 
EFCC re-arraigns ex-PDP chair’s son for subsidy fraud: Two oil marketers and an oil marketing firm were on Tue... 
Lawan’s endorsement won’t divide South-West senators – Boroffice: The Chairman, Senate Committee on Science an... 
iDea is launching iDeaGem mentorship program: Information Technology Developers Entrepreneurship Accelerator (... 
Kayode Ogundamisi comes for Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect Ben Murray-Bruce has been trending on Twitter for ... 
Fitness: Lagos govt to announce “Wellness Week”: The Lagos State Government has announced that plans is at the... 
Beauty Video: How to fix broken natural nails [must watch]: Growing natural nails is about the hardest beauty ... 
Denzel Washington: "Put God as number one in everything you do" - popular Hollywood actor tells university gra... 
Devil Pawn: Pastor, daughter arrested for stabbing nurse to death over phone battery:  
Iyanya: Pop star renews deal with MTN: Iyanya has been associated to MTN since he won the maiden edition of Pr... 
Photos: Nasir El-Rufai visits dilapidated textile industry in Kaduna: Kaduna state governor elect, Mallam Nasi... 
Burna Boy threatens bloggers: Lol. Bloggers, y'all better be scared! Burna Boy has spoken...:-) 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
Shaun Wright-Phillips was Manchester City's sole shining light a decade ago: Sergio Aguero scored 3 as Manches... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, Gowon, others attend GEJ’s last Council of State meeting: President Jonathan is about now pr... 
Beats by Dre Tour Earpiece Giveaway by Phonace...: Phonace, Nigeria’s number 1 retailers of Phone Accessories,... 
Healthy Rdcipes: Try this delicious northern drink: Kunu is a popular drink from the northern part of Nigeria. 
Daily Horoscope - Tuesday, May 12, 2015: What your Zodiac sign says today: Here's a short forecast for the 12 ... 
Raheem Sterling: Liverpool forward puts mansion for sale ahead of reported move: The 20-year-old forward has p... 
Huddah Monroe: Ex-BBA contestant shows hot bikini body: The picture shows her sexy, slim figure and boobs as w... 
Get MBA Online: UNICAF offers 75% scholarship in partnership with UK University: A partnership between UNICAF ... 
LIB reader, who calls himself UNIPORT finest releases new photos: Y'all remember Samuel Eddies aka SamX who sa... 
39% of Nigerians feel unsafe – Survey: A survey carried out by the CLEEN Foundation has found that four in 10 ... 
Obasanjo, Buhari, attend Jonathan’s last Council of State meeting: Former President Olusegun Obasanjo and the ... 
Attacks: Plateau govt declares curfew in 7 LGAs.: Following the recent attacks, killings and other acts of vio... 
Black Miss Japan fights racial prejudice: Ariana Miyamoto entered the Miss Universe Japan beauty contest after... 
$330,000 fraud: Witness confirms court registrar’s involvement: An officer of the Economic and Financial Crime... 
Obama’s presidential library to be in south Chicago: Barack Obama announced Tuesday that he had chosen Chicago... 
Again, Buhari attends Council of State meeting: For the second time in three months, President Elect, Muhammad... 
‘Girls raped, boys abducted, towns torched’ as South Sudan battle rages: Gunmen in South Sudan have raped girl... 
Ocean acidification didn't kill marine life: Study: London, May 12 (IANS) British researchers have debunked a ... 
World Bank arm to invest $25 mn in Tata Housing projects: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) The World Bank's private fi... 
Robopets to replace your loving dog soon: Melbourne, May 12 (IANS) Ever fancied having a robot as a pet? It ma... 
Nawazuddin 'honoured' to receive award at NYIFF: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who has bagg... 
Israeli parliament approves bill for unlimited government expansion: Jerusalem, May 12 (IANS) The Israeli parl... 
Photos: Michael Jackson's teenage daughter, Paris, shows off her boyfriend: Little Paris Jackson is all grown ... 
Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla miss out on promotion: Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid Castilla team have... 
Garry Monk has become Swansea's own Jose Mourinho-lite: Swansea City boss Garry Monk praised his side's defens... 
Wedding Inspiration: Cake trends for the bride and groom: A look at some of this year’s hottest wedding cake t... 
Cecil Jones Attuquayefio: African coaching legend dies at 70: The African coaching legend died this morning- T... 
Lil Jon: Hip-Hop producer speaks at Oxford University: In his lecture, Lil Jon spoke about the Barack Obama ad... 
'Terminator: Genisys': Check out the new character posters for upcoming movie: Check out Byung-hun Lee, Jason ... 
Everywhere We Go: 2 Nigerians to spend 12 years in a Vietnam prison for email fraud: Two other Nigerians have ... 
Police Arrest Four Members Involved In Lekki Robbery: Four suspected members of the gang that robbed a new gen... 
Cross River Receives Monorail Trains To Link Summit Hills And Tinapa: The Cross River State government has tak... 
Should the 200 girls pregnant for Boko Haram members get an abortion?: According to UNFPDA, about 200 girls wh... 
Crude oil prices shoot higher: Global oil prices rebounded sharply Tuesday on the falling greenback, which mak... 
Thousands of migrants stranded at sea without food, water could die unless …: Thousands of migrants believed t... 
Tension in UNIZIK as SUG president queries VC on alleged corruption: TENSION is mounting at the Nnamdi Azikiwe... 
Wife of Pharmacist who allegedly committed suicide released from police custody: Busayo, the wife of the Lagos... 
Photos from new earthquake disaster in Nepal, 32 confirmed dead: 32 persons have been confirmed dead and over ... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
National Council Of State Members Meet In Abuja: The National Council of State (NCS) meeting has kicked-off in... 
Health Workers In Ido-Ekiti Protest Abduction Of Colleague: The senior staff association and other health work... 
WAITING (15): Uchenna didn’t have a devotional, but he had decided that that wouldn’t hinder him from learning... 
Nigerian: Natural Hair, Beauty Show to hold this weekend: Nigerian Natural Hair and Beauty show: Nigeria's fir... 
Steven Gerrard: Liverpool captain stars in advert with his wife, Alex: Steven Gerrard and his wife Alex are st... 
New Music: Ibeyi - 'River' (RLR Remix): The remix was made by label boss Richard Russell who reworked the song... 
Entertainment Business Conference: Toke Makinwa,  Kunle Afolayan, Cecil Hammond, Obi Asika, others to speak at... 
Sángo's Anger: 50-yr-old fruit vendor killed as lightning strikes teacher, pupil, others in Ogun:  
Read What Ace Producer, OJB Has To Say About The Reoccurence Of His Kidney Failure: Following earlier speculat... 
MIRACLE: Brain-dead Woman Gives Birth To A Bouncing Baby Boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brai... 
PHOTOS: Osinbajo, Wife Receive Heavenly Blessings From Pastor Adeboye: Vice president-elect of the Federal Rep... 
Ben Bruce: I Will Unveil Anyone That Offers Me Bribe: Chairman of Silverbird group  and Senator-elect represen... 
Senate Presidency: Meet APC Member Who Seems To Be In Good Stead: Doctor Bukola Saraki, the ex-governor of Kwa... 
SERAP drags FG to ECOWAS Court over ‘immense suffering of internally displaced persons: The Registered Trustee... 
Youths scoop fuel in Ibadan tanker crash: MEN from the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps had a hectic t... 
Dr.Reddy's Q4 net up 8 percent: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Dr Reddy's Laboratories Limited has posted a net profit ... 
Sensex provisionally closes 630 points down (Fourth Lead): Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Foreign funds' anxiety over t... 
Govindacharya slams Modi government policies: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Former BJP ideologue K.N. Govindacharya... 
Indian Railways schedules now on Google Maps: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Google on Tuesday announced the additio... 
Chelsea's Hazard wins writers' award: London, May 12 (IANS) Chelsea winger Eden Hazard has been named English ... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
Lionel Messi has taken Barcelona to a new level, says Cesc Fabregas: Lionel Messi has made Barcelona "even gre... 
Egypt justice minister quits over social class remarks: Egypt’s justice minister has resigned after raising a ... 
Professor Of Poetry: Wole Soyinka far ahead of Simon Armitage, others in race for Oxford University job:  
Charly Boy: Area Fada writes open letter to GMB: Charly Boy, the Area Fada, has written an open letter for in-... 
#NomakeupTuesday: Check out Toolz’s make up free face: #NoMakeUpTuesday strip celebrities' facial skin, showin... 
About Time: 4 suspects in the horrific Lekki Phase 1 robbery nabbed: Four of the armed robbers who caused havo... 
Photo Of The Day: Eradicate hunger, feed a child today: Welcome to our photo of the day column, where you see ... 
PFL International Education Expo - 2nd City Tour May 2015: Get first-hand information about career choices, se... 
Oyegun, O’tega forged my death certificate to disqualify me, Delta APC Reps candidate alleges: A House of Repr... 
Asthmatic people usually have high IQ  – Expert: A medical expert,   Prof. Emmanuel Bamidele, has said that as... 
Chadian President pledges to support Buhari’s government to end insurgency: President of the Republic of Chad,... 
US withdraws nomination of ambassador to Somalia: US President Barack Obama has withdrawn the nomination of th... 
“It Has Been Hell” – Benin Residents Beg Government, Police: Residents in Edo state have called on the governm... 
How Lawmakers-elect Can Sustain Democracy In Nigeria – David Mark: Senate President, David Mark, has tasked th... 
Second Earthquake In Nepal Ruins What First One Could Not:  Nepal was hit by a new powerful earthquake, destro... 
Photo: Zaaki Azzay buys himself a G-Wagon: I don't know what year that is so I will zip it...lol. He shared th... 
The battle continues. Now Blac Chyna wants full custody of their son: Blac Chyna says she has a problem with T... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
Aisha Buhari Seeks Legislation Against Early Marriage: The wife of Nigeria’s President-elect, Aisha Buhari, ha... 
Third 'Sex And The City' movie in pipeline?: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Actress Sarah Jessica Parker has spark... 
How brain decides diet's impact on ageing: London, May 12 (IANS) How does our brain interpret food signals -- ... 
Get set for 'bindass Naach': New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) TV show "bindass Naach", a Disney ABCD franchise, which ... 
Near wins may actually boost our motivation: London, May 12 (IANS) Losing out by a whisker, or the "near wins"... 
Four killed as another big quake jolts Nepal: Kathmandu, May 12 (IANS) A major earthquake on Tuesday jolted Ne... 
Tyga, Blac Chyna: Stars react to their families' nasty online war: Tyga and Blac Chyna are reacting to their f... 
Nathan: Chelsea signs Brazilian wonderkid: The 19-year-old midfielder took to his Instagram to confirm that he... 
Mad: Daredevils climb to the top of the world's second tallest building for selfie: The new financial centre i... 
Caption This: Ramsey Nouah, Mary Remmy Njoku, Mercy Johnson in 'Thy Will Be Done': Caption the above photo of ... 
Ben Murray-Bruce: Nigerians criticize Senator-elect over political activist tweets: Murray-Bruce has, since Ma... 
Two Nigerians sent to 12 years in prison in Vietnam for email fraud: A Vietnamese court has sentenced two Nige... 
Pour Femme - The Online Lingerie Boutique: Shop now www.pourfemmeintiates.comCall us:    09093500045E-mail    ... 
Who is afraid of NDIC’s amendments?: THE appearance of Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) at the pub... 
Cry not for the Igbos (2): Continued from yesterday I CAN say it authoritatively without mincing words that Ig... 
Woman, 3 kids escape death by whiskers in Owerr: A house wife and her three children narrowly escaped death at... 
We Must Be Ready To Play The Opposition Party – PDP Youth Leader Charges Zonal Leaders: The Peoples Democratic... 
TV Gal Marcy Dolapo Oni Debuts Her Own Show: The Marcy Project: Having garnered so much experience in the TV i... 
91-Yr-Old Woman Threatens Fashola: A 91-year-old woman, Madam Roseline Ololo has threatened to overthrow the L... 
Boko Haram Survivor Reveals Why Army So Hard To Defeat Insurgents: One of the survivors of Boko Haram insurgen... 
PDP Chairman Adamu Mu’azu Flown Abroad: Following the crisis within the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the Na... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Pulse Style: Outfit of the day: Pulse Style's daily fashion inspiration where fashion enthusiasts/ fashion lov... 
BMW: All new engine for the newest addition to the 3 series family: The 3 series have accounted for around 25 ... 
Tyga, Blac Chyna: Stars' families clash bitterly on Mother's Day: It all began with Tyga's grandma allegedly s... 
'Royal Castle': Watch Chris Attoh and Florence Onuma on set of upcoming TV series: This is how Chris Attoh spe... 
Pulse Nigeria Poll: Readers believe a couple should work together to overcome barrenness: Pulse Nigeria Poll v... 
Finally! A photo of Anna Banner's baby bump. Seen at a wedding in Enugu with Flavour: For those of you who sti... 
I will expose anybody that offers me, other senators ‘Ghana Must Go’ — Ben Bruce: Senator-elect and Media mogu... 
Oyo state Gov's daughter, Abi Kola-Daisi writes on love &amp; learning to trust your partner: They are a beautiful... 
Dear LIB readers; I mistakenly overpaid someone &amp; they've refused to refund me: From a male LIB readerI was su... 
OPINION: Bola Tinubu – The Lion Who Is Forced To Reassert His Place In The Jungle: Editor’s note: The Guardian... 
ALERT: Displaced People Dying Of Shock And Trauma In Camps: Borno state chapter of the Christian Asso­ciation ... 
IGP Reveals What Nigerian Police Force Needs To Urgently Do: The acting Inspector General of Police, Solomon A... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
Fantasy follow-up: Week 36: The ESPN FC crew react to the Premier League team of week 36, highlighted by an at... 
Another Earthquake Of Magnitude 7.3 Hits Eastern Nepal: Another earthquake has struck eastern Nepal, two weeks... 
Senator Ita Giwa's daughter and husband expecting their first child: Koko, the beautiful daughter of Senator F... 
'Vacation': Chris Hemsworth shows off six-pack in trailer: It's all about Chris Hemsworth, his six-pack and bu... 
John Terry: Chelsea defender shows off his trophy cabinet: John Terry celebrated reaching 1,000,000 Instagram ... 
Skales: Singer shares tracklist for debut album 'Man Of The Year': Currently the most anticipated album of the... 
Season 1: Femi Branch live on stage: Nigerian actor Femi Branch to hit stage with the mad Comedy PO! in celebr... 
Pulse Frontpage: Read today's newspaper headlines [Tuesday, May 12, 2015]: Find out what is making headlines a... 
Uruguay bank on youth in Suarez absence for Copa America: Rio de Janeiro, May 12 (IANS) Uruguay coach Oscar Ta... 
B-Town shaken up again post earthquake: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) On Tuesday, when strong tremors jolted the natio... 
Tevez named in preliminary Argentina squad for Copa America: Rio de Janeiro, May 12 (IANS) Striker Carlos Teve... 
Nine of world's 10 most obese countries are in the Pacific: Wellington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Figures from the Wor... 
Hi my name is ashok mehta, resident of village : kharela. Tehsil :...: Hi my name is ashok mehta, resident of ... 
Another earthquake hits Nepal: Details later… 
ARRA, UNHCR relocates S’Sudanese refugees: The Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs and the UN High... 
Rivers Assembly suspends 3 LG bosses, summons 9 commissioners: RIVERS State House of Assembly, yesterday, susp... 
"A Flawless Bride": A wedding is one of the most profound days in a woman’s life. It is also one of the most c... 
Another Earthquake rocks Nepal: Two weeks after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake rocked Nepal in which over 8,000 pe... 
READ Incredible Story Of Escape From Boko Haram Militants:  Student Abubakar Umar was shot in his hand, lost l... 
May 29 Handover: Jonathan Convenes Last Council Of State Meeting: The Outgoing President, Goodluck Jonathan is... 
OPINION: Will Buhari Keep His Promise?: Editor’s note: The writer of this opinion Femi Aribisala is a scholar ... 
Re: Unlawful detention of 2 sisters. The woman they fought writes her own version, shares photo: Hopefully, so... 
Tragic story! Couple die in car accident just two months after their wedding: Mr and Mrs Timothy Terson got ma... 
EU, US ask Burundi to postpone elections: The European Union, the Unites States and Switzerland Monday urged B... 
Smriti Irani to hold 'Kisan Panchayats' in Amethi: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Human Resource Development (HRD) Min... 
Major earthquake jolts Nepal: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) An earthquake measuring 7.1 on the Richter scale jolted... 
Saudi king calls Obama after cancelling US visit: Washington, May 12 (IANS) President Barack Obama spoke by te... 
Metro services halted in Delhi after tremors: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Metro services were halted in Delhi aft... 
Demand for Gadkari resignation rocks Rajya Sabha again: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) Protests against union Transp... 
Smriti Irani to hold 'Kisan Panchayats' in Amethi: Lucknow, May 12 (IANS) Human Resource Development (HRD) Min... 
OJB denies kidney replase, says he is healthy: Song writer, singer and producer OJB Jezreel (Babatunde Okungbo... 
Photos: 15 ambassadors visit Buhari: President-elect Muhammadu Buhari received members of the diplomatic corps... 
THE CHIKE SISTERS- OLANMA DISCOVERY (5): … It was about two weeks before Nma saw Preye again. Preye hadn’t com... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
Bundesliga's relegation race is as tight as some of the league's historic best: Bayern Munich suffered another... 
Bayern and Real Madrid can take heart from Top Tenner of UCL comebacks: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Mich... 
I'm disappointed Kim K deleted my winning pic from her Instagram account - ANTM winner: It was a dream come tr... 
Emir Sanusi Receives New Appointment From Jonathan, Guess Which: Emir Muhammadu Sanusi II (born: Sanusi Lamido... 
Amaechi, Lawmakers Clash Over Salaries: There is an ongoing battle between Governor Rotimi Amaechi and members... 
BUSTED! Four Suspects In The Deadly Lekki Bank Robbery Arrested: March 12, 2015 was a day not to be forgotten ... 
Register to Become a Professional Facilities Manager: Have you noticed the increase in the numbers of big shop... 
Google: Tech giant shuts down Map tool after repeated hacks: The online tool has allowed people in countries w... 
Adamu Mu’azu: PDP Chairman travels abroad for medical attention: Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Adamu Mu’azu ... 
Dog Lover: Indian students arrested for killing and cooking dog: The authorities were alerted by their suspici... 
Muhammadu Buhari: 15 Ambassadors visit President-elect [PHOTOS]: The foreign envoys visited Buhari on Monday, ... 
'Lucifer': Watch trailer for FOX's upcoming TV series: What if the devil decided to quit? And moved to the cit... 
Tight shirt. Tight trouser. Na wetin? Lol. (photo): Saw this photo trending on Twitter. It's said to be that o... 
Jyotika made '36 Vayadhinile' bigger than original: Director: Chennai, May 12 (IANS) Filmmaker Rosshan Andrrew... 
Real Madrid needs to be calm, patient against Juventus: Carvajal: Madrid, May 12 (IANS) Spanish giants Real Ma... 
Cavani ready to leave PSG if not put in centre forward: Paris, May 12 (IANS) French club Paris Saint-Germain's... 
New device to improve speech and image recognition: New York, May 12 (IANS) A team of US researchers has creat... 
Bieber feels Selena Gomez 'soulmate': Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Singer Justin Bieber feels Selena Gomez is hi... 
China provides $300,000 to flood-hit Madagascar: The Chinese government provided $300,000 in cash for victims ... 
Pics: Bradley Cooper passionately kisses Irina Shayk as he drops her off: I like these two together. And it lo... 
Glazers' ownership of Manchester United blasted by MUST: The Manchester United Supporters Trust (MUST) has cla... 
President Barack Obama Surprises 3 Women [VIDEO]: To celebrate Mother’s Day, the White House has released a ve... 
PHOTOS: 15 Ambassadors Pay A Courtesy Visit To Buhari: Yesterday the president-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, had a ... 
Power Sector: Posterity Will Appreciate Our Contribution – Jonathan: Goodluck Jonathan, the outgoing president... 
PDP chairman Adamu Mu'azu currently undergoing treatment abroad: Below is statement from his Chief Press Secre... 
Muhammadu Buhari: Shehu Shagari visits President-elect [PHOTOS]: Shagari visited Buhari on Monday, May 11, 201... 
Nnamdi Azikiwe: Ex-President’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe died in Onitsha on Sunday, May ... 
'Orange is the New Black': Watch new trailer for TV series: In the new 'Orange is the New Black', it's not all... 
Test Drive Fail: Woman inexplicably crashes Toyota Camry between two cars at dealership after test drive: The ... 
OJB Jezreel: Producer responds to ill health reports, says he is in good health: OJB who was the biggest Niger... 
Jonathan appoints former CBN boss, Emir Sanusi as UNIBEN pro-chancellor: The former governor of Central Bank o... 
Boko Haram: Brigadier General Ransome-Kuti, 29 others to face court martial: The Nigerian Army has ordered 30 ... 
Sean Tizzle locks lips with female fan during a performance in NY: Singer Sean Tizzle locked lips with a femal... 
Exports of coconut, products from India touch record high: Kochi, May 12 (IANS) While coconut yield in major p... 
40 million deaths a year go unrecorded: Lancet: Washington, May 12 (IANS) Two in three deaths or 40 million pe... 
Mallika Sherawat gears up for Cannes fest: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) Actress Mallika Sherawat is headed to Cannes ... 
Walnut diet may slow colon cancer growth: Washington, May 12 (IANS) A diet containing walnuts may lead to gene... 
Courtroom drinking sage drives crime novel set in Mumbai, Goa: Panaji, May 12 (INS) Sameer Khan's fictionalise... 
Brain-dead woman who was kept alive for 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a... 
Brain-dead woman kept alive 54 days delivers baby boy: Doctors in Nebraska prolonged the life of a brain dead ... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
Posterity will place me on the right side of history - Pres. Jonathan: President Jonathan says he and his team... 
Dr. Kanye West: Rapper makes powerful speech at Chicago University: ''I'm sorry' is something that you can use... 
Meet Dr. Kanye West: Rapper gets honorary degree from Chicago University: The 37-year-old rapper received an h... 
Internally displaced people die of trauma due to Boko Haram attacks: The Christian Asso­ciation of Nigeria (CA... 
The Game's gift to a boy on his 7th birthday (Photos): Darkima Johnson said she was with her son Jaden last Th... 
Beyoncé rocks shredded jeans on a walk with hubby, Jay-Z (photos): Queen Bey was spotted in shredded jeans and... 
Another Bangladeshi blogger hacked to death: A masked gang wielding machetes has hacked a blogger to death in ... 
New Conservative cabinet to meet on May 27: London, May 12 (IANS) British Prime Minister David Cameron is sche... 
Uttarakhand starts pilgrimage for senior citizens: Dehradun, May 12 (IANS) After neighbouring Uttar Pradesh ro... 
Police arraign student for stealing boyfriend’s phones:  The Police on Monday arraigned a student, Juliet Math... 
Abuja crews get ready! Remy Martin Danceoff is in your town: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dance competi... 
'Yoga helps make life a pleasant experience': Washington, May 12 (IANS) In another curtain-raiser event ahead ... 
Smart-City Challenge: Building on pillars of good governance (Comment: Special to IANS): The second budget of ... 
Nayanthara being considered for Chiranjeevi's 150th film: Chennai, May 12 (IANS) Leading southern actress Naya... 
New Zealand troops set up base in Iraq: Wellington, May 12 (IANS) The New Zealand Defence Force (NZDF) on Tues... 
Two charged in Norway over terror activities: Oslo, May 12 (IANS) Norway has charged two men over alleged terr... 
Sunny Tuesday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 12 (IANS) It was a sunny Tuesday morning in the national capital with t... 
Sir,My land was converted into non agriculture in 2008 intended to...: Sir,My land was converted into non agri... 
Is Obama planning to 'invade' Texas?: Washington, May 12 (IANS) American politics can sometimes border on the ... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
Pakistan executes death row convict: Islamabad, May 12 (IANS) A convict who had been on death row for 16 years... 
GM foods: India shouldn't give in to anti-science dissent industry (Comment: Special to IANS): With the Europe... 
14 injured in train blast in Bengal: Kolkata, May 12 (IANS) Fourteen people were injured in a low intensity bo... 
Nigeria to organise course for squash referees: Lagos, May 12 (IANS) The Nigeria Squash Federation (NSF) is pl... 
Sensex plunges 205 points in early session: Mumbai, May 12 (IANS) A benchmark index of Indian equities markets... 
Ekiti: Fayose Explains Recent Spate Of Kidnapping:  Ekiti State governor, Mr. Ayo Fayose has reacted top the s... 
Picasso painting sets world record for art auction at $179M: Women of Algiers by Pablo Picasso sold for $179.4... 
Rio Pro postponed due to low swell: Rio de Janerio, May 12 (IANS) The opening day of the Rio Pro was called of... 
Bruce?s 'Keeping Up...' special compelling: Seacrest: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Anchor-producer Ryan Seacrest... 
Check out the banging body on this 36 year old mother of 6: 36 year old, The Real Housewives of Atlanta star, ... 
Downgrade of Asaba Airport: SAFETY is just a word in Nigeria . Its importance is entirely lost on us. Everyday... 
Corpse left at General hospital until it began to stink: Foul odour emanating from a decomposing corpse at the... 
US aproves Arctic drilling: Washington, May 12 (IANS) The US has granted conditional approval to energy giant ... 
Dana unveil made in Nigeria all-new Kia Sorento: Dana Motors Ltd, representative of Kia Motors in Nigeria has ... 
11 year old pregnant from rape wants child, sparking abortion debate: This is not the childAn 11-year old girl... 
‘Frozen embryo’ battle grips America: This story is about a “frozen embryo” battle in a U.S. law court. It has... 
APGA stakeholder wants President-elect to implement National Confab report: A stakeholder in All Progressives ... 
More sex doesn’t lead to increased happiness: Countless research and self-help books claim that having more se... 
How Liberia overcame Ebola: May 9, 2015, marks 42 days since the last confirmed case of Ebola in Liberia was s... 
Armitage chases Soyinka in race for Oxford’s poetry offer: All eyes are on the Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyi... 
Ibadan ready for Osundare festival: The maiden edition of the Niyi Osundare International Poetry Festival will... 
I’m difficult to be with when writing –Afenfia: Author of Don’t Die on a Wednesday, Michael Afenfia, speaks on... 
Posterity shall judge me right – Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan on Monday expressed confidence that pos... 
Dance Crews Get Ready! Remy Martin Danceoff holds in Abuja this month: Remy Martin fine champagne cognac’s dan... 
Do I need a tablet? Do Not Buy The Wrong Tablet.

Find out what you really need. What you think you want , mig... 
Hemsworth worked at pharmacy to pay bills: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) "Thor" fame actor Chris Hemsworth says h... 
Vitesse defeat Feyenoord, third place unsecure in Eredivisie: The Hague, May 12 (IANS) Vitesse defeated Feyeno... 
Kwankwaso:  Ex-ministry official petitions NHRC: A former official of the Ministry of Defence, Mr. Giwa Oyakhi... 
NMA berates Osun over non-payment of doctors’ salaries: The South-West zone of the Nigerian Medical Associatio... 
School Return: 91-yr-old threatens to occupy Fashola’s office: A 91-year-old woman, Madam Roseline Ololo has g... 
Rights group urges Buhari to appoint credible Nigerians: A Non-governmental organisation, Centre for Peace and... 
Jonathan was fair to Ndigbo, says Igbo group: FOUNDER of Igbo Youth Movement ,IYM, Mr. Elliot Uko, has dismiss... 
Four bag 24 years imprisonment for stealing petrol: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday convicted and sent... 
Obla faults Kashamu’s lawyer over abduction plot: A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Godwin Obla, has denied ... 
Unpaid salaries: Civil servants beg for money, foodstuffs: Civil servants in Oyo, Osun, Cross River, Rivers, A... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
Books on Gov Fashola for launch: Three books that captured the activities of Mr Babatunde Raji Fashola as Gove... 
Farmers take Shell to court over oil spill impact in Bayelsa: Farmers impacted by the Shell Petroleum Developm... 
Court orders banks to freeze Sule Lamido, Jigawa state, council’s accounts: A Federal High Court sitting in Du... 
'Last Man Standing' renewed for season five: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) US sitcom "Last Man Standing" is comin... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
Buildings, shops razed in Lagos fire disasters: No fewer than 130 lock-up shops and buildings were razed on Su... 
National ID card would’ve  made PVC unnecessary ─ Fashola: Governor Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State on Monday... 
Let’s get govt out of our football – Irabor: Chief Executive Officer of the League Management Company, Honoura... 
Why I want to be gov again — Audu: Former Governor of Kogi State, Prince Abubakar Audu, has said that he would... 
Malaria vaccine less effective than expected: HOPES of a universal, commercially licensed malaria vaccine this... 
'Establishment of Ukraine UN peace support office possible': United Nations, May 12 (IANS) UN Secretary-Genera... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
Chelsea agrees deal with Nathan, the Brazilian youngster confirms: Brazilian midfielder Nathan has a deal to j... 
Don’t give up on our league, Irabor tells media: Chief executive officer of the League Management Company, Ndu... 
NFF lines up Cameroon, Ghana for Falcons: The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) have announced they are in tal... 
Jonathan approves Enugu Free Trade Zone: President Goodluck Jonathan has given the final approval for the esta... 
INEC ad hoc staff in Edo protest over allowances: SOME ad hoc staff of the Independent National Electoral Comm... 
NULGE grounds LGs in Delta over unpaid salaries: The industrial action embarked upon by local government worke... 
Dogara’s supporters push to defy APC on zoning: A major test for the All Progressives Congress, APC, was unfol... 
ASUU demands unconditional release of kidnapped lecturer: The Academic Staff Union of Universities at the Obaf... 
Azikiwe’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of pioneer President of Nigeria, Dr. ... 
Senate: North-Central leaders drum up support for Akume: A group of North-Central leaders under the aegis of L... 
Cannabis decriminalisation eases tensions in Jamaica: San Juan, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Jamaica's marijuana decrimin... 
`American Idol' to end after season 15: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Singing based reality show "American Idol" ... 
Tribunal orders service of court papers on Gombe gov: The Gombe State Election Petitions Tribunal on Monday gr... 
Nigerian, Chadian troops not  cooperating over B’Haram war –Deby: Chadian President Idriss Deby said on Monday... 
Love Horoscope - Tuesday, 12th May 2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how t... 
Career Horoscope- Tuesday, 12th May 2015: What your zodiac sign says about your career today: This reading wil... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
Andrea Pirlo 'sure' Manchester United regret letting Paul Pogba leave in 2012: Juventus playmaker Andrea Pirlo... 
Gov candidate denies embezzling N400m: The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Enugu St... 
EFCC to amend charges in Nnamani’s N5bn fraud case: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has pleaded f... 
Jonathan, Buhari’s committees meet again, deny rift: The leadership of the two transition committees set up to... 
Court orders police to reopen Enugu assembly: An Enugu Federal High Court on Monday ordered the police to reop... 
Rivers’ election tribunal to hear 56 petitions: Fifty-six election petitions have been filed before the Rivers... 
Salaries: Rivers’ assembly dares Amaechi, summons nine aides: THE Rivers State House of Assembly appears to be... 
APC to Jonathan: Only the guilty should be afraid: The All Progressives Congress on Monday said only those who... 
Thunderbolt hits five in Ogun school, kills vendor: Five people, including three food vendors, a teacher and a... 
We had sex twice by mutual consent ─ 14-year-old: A 14-year-old girl, Jibola (pseudonym), has said she willing... 
Bloomberg partners UNILAG, LBS for training: Bloomberg Media Initiative Africa is collaborating with six unive... 
Buhari must stop rice import, says Sani: Senator-elect, Alhaji Shehu Sani, has called on the incoming Muhammad... 
Why brands need to listen on social media: If I could pinpoint the most important thing we millennials want ou... 
NASS Offices: Northwest shouldn’t be blackmailed – Jibrin: Rep. Abdulmumin Jibrin who hails from Kano State, r... 
Fayose vows to secure release of kidnap victims: Ekiti State governor, Mr. Ayo Fayose has vowed that the state... 
Zik’s first son, Chukwuma, dies at 75: CHIEF Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of  first President of N... 
Poverty, ignorance complicate Nigeria’s devt —IRWA: The  outgoing president of the International Right Of Way ... 
Child theft, trade: When mothers, relations are culpable: IN recent times child theft and the trading in child... 
Revenue woes heighten as traders shun Nigeria’s crude: Nigeria’s dwindling revenue is set to worsen, as intern... 
Prem: Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City: Bafetimbi Gomis scored a late goal against the run of play, as Swansea City su... 
Someone steals Chidi Mokeme's Range Rover instagram post...gets caught!: Yesterday, Chidi Mokeme posted this p... 
Mother's Day surprise from President Obama to some lucky mums: US President, Barack Obama yesterday surprised ... 
Photo of Boko Haram survivor who just became a graduate: 26-year-old Abubakar Umar (pictured center) is a surv... 
George Clooney won't play prank on wife: Los Angeles, May 12 (IANS) Actor George Clooney is too scared of the ... 
Over 50 illegal miners held in Colombia: Bogota, May 12 (IANS/EFE) At least 59 people were arrested in Colombi... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Arsene Wenger says Arsenal must be more patient after defeat: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was frustrated wit... 
Ineffective Arsenal fail to take their chances against efficient Swansea: The ESPN FC crew react to Arsenal's ... 
WATCH: Ale's MLS weekly awards: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno brings us the best moments from the week in Major L... 
Educator seeks to revive African values: A culture enthusiast, journalist and educator, Jumoke Owoola, speaks ... 
4-Year Old Boy Kidnapped Inside Lagos Church: The rampant cases of kids being kidnapped in Lagos seem not to h... 
Iheanacho to battle Aguero for City shirt: Nigeria starlet Kelechi Iheanacho has turned down a chance to go on... 
Piracy a threat to entertainment industry- Mc Shakara:  A Lagos based comedian, Kenneth Agberia popularly know... 
Nigeria can’t progress without leaders of integrity – Anya: The President of Ndigbo Lagos and a member of the ... 
2 jailed for 31 yrs over kidnap: An Ikeja High Court, yesterday, sentenced two persons to 31 years imprisonmen... 
Court fixes June 24 for ex-NBC manager’s trial over N68m fraud: Magistrate O. I. Adelaja of an Ebute Metta Chi... 
Very graphic! Woman gets deadly infection after getting bad booty shots: Oh my! MediaTakeOut received a photo ... 
Over 70 tornadoes kill five in US, eight missing: Washington, May 12 (IANS/EFE) More than 70 tornadoes and pow... 
'We have nothing to lose' against Barcelona: Muller: Munich, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Bayern Munich striker Thomas Mu... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Swansea stun Arsenal again: Swansea had already won home and away vs. Manchester United this season and can no... 
Four suspects in the deadly Lekki Phase 1 bank robbery arrested: Four suspects involved in the deadly Lekki Ph... 
Photos: Tyga shares before and after photo of himself and his mum: The rapper shared the photo of himself and ... 
Okadaman suffers epileptic attack, asks passenger to alight: THERE was a mild drama, Monday, at Osia Junction ... 
Police nab 15 suspected cultists in Lagos: Fifteen suspected cultists alleged to have been terrorizing motoris... 
Diesel fire guts 109 shops in Lagos: One person has been reportedly injured in a midnight fire that gutted mor... 
760 killed, 20,590 animals lost in Zamfara – FULANI LEADER: No fewer than 760 Fulani have in the last five mon... 
Drama as impeached Niger speaker, successor meet: There was a mild drama at the official commissioning of the ... 

LASG Discovers House Where Crocodiles, Snakes, Others Are Being Reared Illegally: The Lagos State Government h... 
Re: Adamolekun and Buhari’s reform options: First, I do appreciate the intellectuals, especially those in our ... 
Syria opposition coalition turns down talks with UN: Syria’s key opposition National Coalition will not take p... 
NLC sends task forces to states over salary arrears: The Nigeria Labour Congress has dispatched members of its... 
Pics: Ambassadors of Korea, Syria, Kuwait, Kenya, 11 others visit Buhari: President elect, Gen. Buhari receive... 
Arsenal 0-1 Swansea: Goal-line tech decider:  
First New York derby in MLS reveals Red Bulls-NYCFC rivalry is real: In the inaugural Hudson River derby, it w... 
Prem: Gomis -- Swansea City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Bafetimbi Gomis (86') Arsenal 0-1 Swansea City 
Swansea win at Arsenal: Arsenal had all the possession and all the chances but Swansea took all three points w... 
Lionel Messi's top goal marks his maturation into a complete player: The ESPN FC panel respond to the tweets f... 
50 Cent's entourage accused of assault, jewellery robbery: Las Vegas, May 12 (IANS) Rapper 50 Cent's entourage... 
Suspects in Mexico's missing students' case allege torture: Mexico City, May 12 (IANS/EFE) Some of the suspect... 
Kerry to visit China, South Korea: Washington, May 12 (IANS) US Secretary of State John Kerry will visit China... 
First son of Nnamdi Azikiwe, Chukwuma dies at 75: The first son of first Nigerian Head of State, Nnamdi Azikiw... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former  President Shehu Shaga... 
EFCC arraigns 5 suspects over N26m internet fraud: THE Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Monday ... 
Elechi commissions uncompleted projects in Ebonyi: GOVERNOR Martin Elechi of Ebonyi State, yesterday, commissi... 
With Galaxy S6 Duos gains market attention with  dual SIM capability: The recent introduction of Samsung Galax... 
Delta polls: Onokpasa tackles Uduaghan, says PDP eyeing ministerial slot: All Progressives Congress, APC, chie... 
‘E-commerce’ll boost economic growth in Nigeria’: The Federal Government has been advised to invest on infrast... 
Ways to boost  customer happiness: Happy customers are something that no business should ever take for granted... 
Prem: Fabianski denies Cazorla (64'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Santi Cazorla (64') Arsenal 0-0 Swansea City 
Johannsson getting back to his best, Diskerud's poor showing in NY derby: AZ Alkmaar's Aron Johannsson propell... 
Photos: Kanye West receives honourary Doctorate Degree: Kanye West was  decorated with an honorary doctorate d... 
Dozens killed as violent tribal clashes erupt in Sudan: Khartoum, May 12 (IANS) Dozens were killed and many in... 
Noel plotted solo career while in Oasis?: London, May 12 (IANS) Musician Noel Gallagher has been accused of pl... 
NBS to conduct Gas, petroleum survey to build database for policy formulation — Kale: The National Bureau of S... 
Dream Team VI to resume camp May 25, team official says:  Timi Ebikagboro, the Media Officer of Nigeria’s unde... 
ECOWAS Parliament discuses xenophobic, clandestine migration, election: Xenophobic attacks in south Africa, pl... 
Gunman nearly shot  Ibrahimovic for bad parking: Peter Mangs, a Swedish gunman behind a string of shootings be... 
Group offers free blood pressure checks: Team Up For Health, TUFH, a Carlisle Healthcare initiative has start ... 
Scientists investigate why the Ebola virus ‘hides’ in the testicles: EVER since a Liberian woman was diagnosed... 
Zik’s first son dies at 75: Chukwuma Bamidele Azikiwe, the first son of first President of Nigeria, Dr Nnamdi ... 
AU congratulates Liberia on Ebola victory: The African Union  has congratulated Liberia on its Ebola-free vict... 
Photos: Shehu Shagari visits Buhari to congratulate him on winning the election: Former President Shehu Shagar... 
Japanese porn industry hit by shortage of men. 70 men to 10,000 women...lol: Japanese $20billion porn industry... 
HUMAN BODY: Facts About Memory:  Thanks to our memory we can save the happiest moments of our live as well as ... 
SEE The Names Of 30 Top Army Officers Set To Face Court Martial Over Boko Haram Fight: Thirty top officers  of... 
OPINION: Political Office Holders In Nigeria Took Oaths Just To Break Them: “If oaths are spoken just to be br... 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
Amosun Appeals To FG Over Abandoned Airport Project: Ogun State Governor, Ibikunle Amosun, has revealed effort... 
OJB Jezreel says he hasn't relapsed: I've asked around and found out OJB Jezreel has unfortunately relapsed an... 
Anti-IS coalition carries out 18 air raids in Iraq, Syria: Washington, May 12 (IANS/AKI) The US-led coalition ... 
Sound Sultan shares photo of himself in a Sauna: Hot papa of three! 
Ogun monarch denies alleged plot to assassinate prince: The Olowo of Owo  in Yewa South Local Government Area ... 
Don asks Benue court to jail attorney-general for contempt: Prof. Tony Ijohor on Monday prayed the Makurdi Hig... 
Nigeria emerged from economic boom poorer – Utomi: Nigeria emerged from a major economic boom in the history o... 
Hundreds evacuated from S’African prison fire: Hundreds of prisoners were evacuated from a prison in the easte... 
Fuel scarcity and the agony of Nigerians: It started like a trivial development that would soon fizzle out wit... 
Six-goal thriller in Jalingo headlines Match Day 8: Dramatic goals, a squandered opportunity to shake-off a dr... 
Photos: Former president Shehu Shagari visits Buhari: Former president Shehu Shagari visited president-elect M... 
Intriguing battle for Senate President: By Emmanuel Aziken, Political Editor The battle for the office of Sena... 
Senate Presidency: Akume Lobbies Tinubu, Atiku, Obasanjo And Kwankwaso: As the race for the senate presidency ... 
OMG! How A Group Of Prostitutes Beat Up Pastor In Calabar: It was a show of shame in Calabar as a group of pro... 
JUST IN: Son Of Nigeria’s Former President Dies: Chukwuma Bamidele, the son of late Nnamdi Azikiwe, Nigeria’s ... 
#50NairaStory Initiatives; 4 awesome movies premieres this Sunday: It’s the #50NairaStory; get ready to witnes... 
Popular US blogger Perez Hilton is a dad again: Popular blogger, columnist and television personality, Perez H... 
Photos: protest in Abuja over the execution of Nigerians in Indonesia: Members of United Nigerians in Diaspora... 
Champions League: Bayern Munich Won’t Give Up – Guardiola: Bayern Munich are not giving up hope as they go int... 
TAN boss, Ifeanyi Ubah confirms assassination attempt: The Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Transformati... 
Does he Love both of us?: My best friend is getting married soon. What she doesn’t know is that her fiance and... 
I will not join Man City — Guardiola: Pep Guardiola on Monday dismissed out of hand rumours he will quit Bayer... 
Schalke sack Boateng, Sidney Sam: Schalke released Ghana midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng and Germany winger Si... 
Lekoil posts N6bn loss in two years: LEKOIL Limited, yesterday, announced a loss of $11.9 million, about N2.38... 
Warner, Henriques guide Sunrisers to five-run win over Kings XI (Roundup): Hyderabad, May 12 (IANS) Leading fr... 
EU seeks UN backing to deal with  migrant trafficking issue: New York, May 12 (IANS/AKI) European Union foreig... 
Saudi-led air strikes hit missile warehouse in Yemen capital: Sana'a, May 11 (IANS) War planes of the Saudi-le... 
IPL Scoreboard: Sunrisers vs Kings XI Punjab: Hyderabad, May 12 (IANS) Following is the scorecard of the India... 
Suspected trafficking ring leader surrenders to Thai police: Bangkok, May 12 (IANS) An alleged leader of a hum... 
Senate asks SEC to sanitise business environment, attract investors : The Chairman, Senate Committee on Capita... 
Jonathan convenes last Council of State meeting: President Goodluck Jonathan has convened what appears to be t... 
Irregular periods and infertility: the menstrual cycle, which is counted from the first day of one period to t... 
Tribunal orders service of papers on Gombe gov: Gombe State Election Petitions Tribunal on Monday granted an a... 
SAN disowns Kashamu over abduction plot story: A Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Chief Godwin Obla, has denied lea... 
Photos: Tonto Dikeh steps out in her new look: Tonto Dikeh unveiled her new look as she stepped out earlier to... 
ECOWAS Parliament Condenms Xenophobic Attacks: The ECOWAS Parliament has tasked the South African government t... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
Aftermath Of 2015 Elections: Boomerang Effects Of Impeachment Plots: 
I Love Opening My Cleavage, My Husband Likes It Too – Popular Nollywood Actress: Popular Nollywood Yoruba actr... 
Jonathan’s And Buhari’s Committees Make SURPRISING Statement After Another Meeting: The two transition committ... 
International Recognition? United Nations Invites Biafra Group To Its Next Meeting: A group representing the i... 
Skales: 10 things to expect from singer's debut album 'Man Of The Year': From amazing features to absence of h... 
Anything wrong with this photo?: You feel some type of way about this pic? 
Ericsson opens network operations center in Lagos: To better serve both operators and end users across the con... 
Luis Enrique expects Messi, Neymar to ‘suffer’ at Bayern: Luis Enrique expects Barcelona to 'suffer' in the se... 
Reconsider judicial primacy in judges appointment, government asks SC: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Central go... 
Four Punjab Police officials suspended for assaulting PR official: Chandigarh, May 11 (IANS) The Punjab Police... 
Italy caps visitors to ancient site Pompeii: Rome, May 11 (IANS/AKI) Italy has limited the number of visitors ... 
World's Sexiest Men 2015: Nigerian men 8th in top 10 list ... No Ghana, South Africa: Nigeria, with 721 votes,... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President’s transition committee meets with Buhari’s [PHOTOS]: The meeting held on Monday, ... 
Nude Kim Kardashian: It's chalk and skin as Kanye's bae goes naked... AGAIN!: Kim Kardashian's new pictures fo... 
In Egypt: 5 Coptic Christian children arrested for 'insulting ISIS' in leaked video: In a report published Tue... 
Lecrae: Christian rapper says God is reason for his success: According to Lecrae, he said that he doesn't beli... 
I am so insecure, I can't leave home without spanx- Kim Kardashian West: Kim K who wore one of her own clothes... 
Nyanya Bombing: Witnesses To Testify In Masks: A Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, Nigeria’s Federal Capita... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Manchester City get Financial Fair Play boost, but will they splash the cash?: Manchester City have invested i... 
Can Bayern turn it around in second leg?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michallik believe Bayern Munich is... 
Mariner: Can Ronaldo save Real's CL hopes?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner believes Juventus will progress past Real M... 
Guardiola built a different Barcelona:  
Cameron unveils new cabinet after election victory: British Prime Minister David Cameron unveiled his new cabi... 
Apapa Gridlock: The unending trauma: You may never fully understand the malady at the Mile 2/Apapa end of the ... 
Why Lagos PDP chairman, Shelle was sacked: The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, seems to have... 
7.3m Hyundai Sonata sold globally in 30 years: Hyundai is celebrating the 30th  anniversary for the iconic Son... 
UNUSUAL BREAKFAST: SEE Who Dele Momodu Was Spotted Dining With In US (Photos): Nigerian Journalist/Publisher, ... 
Security Operatives Walk Out Journalist From Aso Rock: Security operatives in the Presidential Villa, Aso Rock... 
Change Is Never Easy – Charly Boy Writes Open Letter To Buhari: Some days ago a controversial Nigerian enterta... 
Rivers elections tribunal to hear 56 petitions: Fifty-six election petitions have been filed before the River... 
Police recover card readers, laptops in Abia estate: Barely one week after eight staff of the Independent Nati... 
Jonathan’s, Buhari’s committees meet again, deny rift : The leadership of the two transition committees set up... 
Fayose assures hospital of kidnapped victim’s safe return: Ekiti State Governor, Dr. Ayodele Fayose, has assur... 
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange’s Appeal Rejected: Sweden’s Supreme Court said on Monday it rejected an appea... 
Mark Warns State Legislators Against Undue Attachment To Governors: Nigeria’s Senate President, David Mark, ha... 
FLAT NO 3B (4): Where two or more ladies are gathered, their egos reign supreme! Why? Why is it too difficult ... 
Delhi Metro records highest ridership on a Monday: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Delhi Metro recorded its highe... 
Turkey sends warship to escort cargo vessel attacked off Libya: Tripoli/Ankara, May 11 (IANS) Turkey has sent ... 
BMC to look after families of dead firemen: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)... 
India, China need ground rules to resolve border dispute: Chinese envoy: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Ahead of Pri... 
109 mn job seekers need to upgrade skills: Badal: Shillong, May 11 (IANS) Around 109 million new job seekers h... 
Yemen Conflict: Houthi rebels shoot down Moroccan warplane: According to Al-Masirah TV  which is controlled by... 
Personal development: 6 ways to prevent porn from destroying your life and relationship: People who watch porn... 
Cameroon Special: Ndole and fried plantain (dodo): Ndole originates from the Douala tribe in Cameroon and is m... 
Personal development: 7 true quotes that will motivate you to become a better person: When you focus on improv... 
Dear future husband: 4 reasons why I won’t be taking your last name - Relationship blogger writes: The relatio... 
Senate holds valedictory service for Chukwumerije next week: The senate will on Wednesday next,  hold a specia... 
Rivers Assembly dares Amaechi, summons nine gov’s aides: THE Rivers State House of Assembly appears to be on a... 
Ekiti tribunal warns against smear campaign: The Senatorial and State House of Assembly Election Petitions Tri... 
READ What Emmanuel Adebayor’s Brother Did For Being Called A Thief By His Brother: The past week has been a ve... 
PHOTOS: Details Emerge As Chadian President Meets Buhari Behind Closed Doors: Idris Derby, the president of Ch... 
Murder? Suicide? Accident? Student drowns in canal, 2 days before graduation: A 23-year-old final year student... 
Ladies only: 10 times women say 'yes' when the answer should really be 'no': Saying yes to everything especial... 
Grill At The Pent: High fashion, fight weekend with DJ Caise, Ice Prince, BOJ, Ehiz, others: The recent editio... 
Muhammadu Sanusi II: Prioritise education to make youth self-reliant, UNIBEN Chancellor tells FG: “Education s... 
CBN: Apex bank to ease restrictions on forex trade: In light of this, the CBN has begun discussions with banks... 
Tyga replies Blac Chyna's mum after she drags him &amp; his family on social media: Blac Chyna's mum Tokyo Toni is... 
Senators Will Resist Imposition Of Leaders – Sani: Senator-elect representing Kaduna Central Senatorial Distri... 
Who's talking about Pep Guardiola?: Pep Guardiola and Bayern Munich are suffering through a critical spell but... 
Falling oil price: “Pathway to diversification”: One of the key indicators for measuring overall development i... 
LeT operative arrested by Delhi Police: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Delhi Police Special Cell has arrested a ... 
Chiranjeevi's 150th film to be launched in August: Hyderabad, May 11 (IANS) Actor-turned-politician K. Chiranj... 
Nepal quake toll reaches 8,151: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) The toll in the April 25 devastating earthquake in Ne... 
Odisha sees 13 percent growth in fish production: Bhubaneswar, May 11 (IANS) Odisha has achieved a record grow... 
SC stays Madras HC judge's restraint order: New Delhi, May 11 (Lead) The Supreme Court on Monday restrained Ma... 
Open letter to Mr. President-elect, Buhari - By Charly Boy: Sequel to his opinion on the zoning formula and ou... 
Photos: Meet the instagram-famous dog that makes $15k a month: Canine cuteness! Meet menswear dog, Shiba Inu B... 
Court orders police to reopen Enugu Assembly: An Enugu Federal High Court on Monday ordered the police to reop... 
Assembly suspends three LG bosses, summons Amaechi commissioners: The Rivers State House of Assembly on Monday... 
APGA members may storm Otuoke over unpaid election largesse: Leaders and members of the All Progressive Grand ... 
I didn’t  embezzle N400m, says Enugu APC gov candidate: The governorship candidate of the All Progressives Con... 
President Jonathan Meets With President Derby Of Chad: Nigeria’s President, Goodluck Jonathan, has held a clos... 
Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Spanish court to rule on La Liga strike meet after meeting with league, union: BARCELONA, Spain -- A Spanish c... 
Sorry American Idol Fans || Your Favourite Show Has Been Axed!:  For more than a decade and 3 years, American ... 
PHOTOS: Actress Eniola Badmus Shares Stunning New Pics Of Herself: Nigerian actress, Eniola Badmus popularly k... 
How Boko Haram Fed Us In Sambisa Forest – Rescued Woman: One of the women recently rescued by the Nigerian mil... 
Kwara State Governor Sacks All Political Appointees: Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara State has sacked all p... 
Global Make-over: World’s biggest burger chain, McDonald’s, promises quality turnaround: McDonald’s newly appo... 
Tip of the week: 3 things you should spend more money on: There are sometimes when you have to break the rules... 
Kris Jenner: Star sends touching message to Kanye West on Mother's Day: Is Kris Jenner trying to fill the spac... 
Osama bin Laden: Pulitzer-winning journalist says White House lied about how terrorist was killed: In an artic... 
NOK Culture: Find out everything you need to know about artifacts: Watch documentary on Nok Culture from 'All About'. 
Agric can produce one million jobs a month – Engineers: Nigerian Society of Engineers has urged the Federal Go... 
Buhari, Derby discuss strategies to end Boko Haram: President-elect, Maj. Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, and the Presi... 
State lawmakers operate as governors’ stooges – Mark: Senate President, David Mark, on Monday, reviewed the ac... 
LIB readers claims police brutality - shares her story: Story of alleged police brutality as told by a LIB rea... 
Jonathan’s aide expels  Deutsche Welle reporter  from Villa for asking ‘embarrassing question’: For asking the... 
Hundreds of youths protest incessant killings in Plateau: A coalition of youth groups in their numbers, dresse... 
Delhi HC lawyers extend strike till May 13: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Lawyers of the Delhi High Court on Monday... 
Uttarakhand to launch 'Mukhya Mantri Adarsh Gram Yojna': Dehradun, May 11 (IANS) Uttarakhand will soon launch ... 
Cooperation in space, defence with Russia deepened: Mukherjee: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) President Pranab Mukhe... 
Maharashtra ministers inaugurate liqour bar!: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) In a major embarrassment to Maharashtra Ch... 
Lok Sabha passes black money bill: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets bill, pr... 
Autism Awareness Events by the C.A.D.E.T. Academy, Abuja: The Comprehensive Autism and related Disabilities Ed... 
Choi! Rihanna's father wishes Bruce Jenner a Happy Mother's Day: Rihanna's dad Ronald Fenty yesterday took aim... 
The Next Time, I Saw My Love Was At The Mortuary – Mother Of Seven Cries Out:  The Rivers State Commission of ... 
SEE Picture Of Late Gen.Sani Abacha A Day Before He Died: A picture of former military ruler, Gen Sani Abacha ... 
Boko Haram: Chadian President Doesn’t Know Where Shekau Is: President Idris Derby of Chad on Monday made an ab... 
Nigerians Attack Ben Bruce On Twitter: Ben Murray-Bruce has come under attack from some Nigerians who accused ... 
Photos: Lady buys a phone filled with Fufu in Lagos: Just saw this mess on Twitter. Are people for real? Sell ... 
Senate President: Ilorin Elders forum backs Saraki: Some eminent elders in Ilorin Emirate of Kwara have expres... 
SAN wants court to imprison Benue Attorney-General, Suswam’s Adviser: A Makurdi-based Senior Advocate of Niger... 
Chris Brown took back the car he bought for Karrueche?: A newly revealed blind item claims Chris Brown took ba... 
Photos from actress Princess Pemu's introduction: Looks like actress Princess Pemu (the one who has a similar ... 
EFCC to amend charges in Nnamani’s fraud case: The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has pleaded for mo... 
Rain gives relief to Punjab, Haryana: Chandigarh, May 11 (IANS) With the mercury rising in the past one week, ... 
Bayern Munich waiting for manager Pep's answer (Preview): Munich, May 11 (IANS) A glance into a crystal ball m... 
Five dead, 18 injured in Iraq bombings: Baghdad, May 11 (IANS) At least five people were killed and 16 others ... 
Afghan government secures release of 19 hostages: President: Kabul, May 11 (IANS) President Mohammad Ashraf Gh... 
Cop hits woman who doesn't pay bribe with brick, arrested (Evening Lead): New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A Delhi tra... 
Military Deny Involvement In Plateau Killings: The Nigerian military says it has no hand in the attacks on som... 
Court okays service of suit challenging Yobe gov’s eligibility: A Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday ordere... 
Jonathan’s men begin clampdown on journalists: President Goodluck Jonathan’s handlers on Monday began what is ... 
Beyonce: 5 Tips on how to get your own 'Jay Z': Despite being tied down for seven years with the same man, Bey... 
In India: 18-yr-old girl gang raped by 3 men who recorded the act on video: It seems rape is the national crim... 
Visual Arts, Erotic Self: UCSD students must perform naked before course mates, lecturer or fail course: To pa... 
Fitness: Why exhaling is good for you: We limit our breath for many reasons. Maybe we are feeling overwhelmed,... 
LoudNProudLive: Hit makers edition with Simi, Tolu and Oyinkanade: The LoudNProudLive 'HIT MAKERS' Edition on ... 
Study, Work &amp; Live in Canada: Do you wish to obtain an international certificate in a reputable &amp; highly rated... 
President of Chad visits GEJ, Buhari in Abuja, says he doesn't know where Shekau: Chadian President, Idris Deb... 
JUST IN: PDP’s Misery Continues As Lagos Party’s Chairman Gets Kicked Out: These are indeed bad times for the ... 
CONFESSION: How I Hypnotized Women With A Magic Ring And Initiated Them Into A Secret Cult: A 19-year-old boy,... 
How To Make Her Fall In Love With You In 5 Easy Ways: There are usually some guys who seem to be blessed with ... 
Moving Forward! Davido Features Trey Songz In New Record!:  Some people keeps setting the pace. Others keep fa... 
SO SAD! Kiss Daniel Suffers Great Loss: Pop singer Kiss Daniel lost his dad, Mr. Kola Anidugbe over the weeken... 
Ex-defence ministry worker petitions NHRC against Kwankwaso: A former Ministry of Defence worker, Mr. Giwa Oya... 
I don’t know where Shekau is – Chadian President: The Chadian President, Idris Derby, Monday, made a volte fac... 
Small scale business operators lament power outages, petrol scarcity: Some operators of small scale businesses... 
‘Edo govt not owing workers salary arrears’: Edo State Government has denied owing workers salary arrears, ins... 
I don’t know where Shekau is, says Chadian President: The Chadian President, Idris Derby Monday made a volte f... 
Emir of Kano tasks FG on quality of tertiary education: The Emir of Kano, Alhaji Muhammadu Sanusi II has urged... 
Dumb Criminal: Florida woman wins award for most silly credit card theft: This woman has been dubbed the dumbe... 
Kim Kardashian: Reality star is completely naked again: Is Kim just obsessed with her nakedness or being paid ... 
In New Zealand: Woman lost in forest says she drank breast milk to survive: 29-year old nursing mother, Susan ... 
PHOTOS: Remy Martin throws Lagos' biggest party as over 1000 guests attend: Remy Martin threw a rager for a cr... 
Tim Nicot: Another Belgian footballer dies of cardiac arrest: The 23-year-old defender collapsed on Friday and... 
Kimora Lee shares photo of her husband and all her four children: Former model, fashion mogul, reality star an... 
Late Sani Abacha pictured just a day before he died in 1998: Former military ruler, Gen. Sani Abacha pictured ... 
Photos: Man &amp; woman who met on twitter welcome a child together: This couple first connected on Twitter, then ... 
Photos: TV gal Stephanie Coker rocks green hair: TV personality Stephanie Coker tried green braids and she loo... 
Russia, China launch navy drills in Mediterranean: Moscow, May 11 (IANS) An official ceremony in Novorossiisk ... 
Bayern players are losing faith in Guardiola: Lothar Matthaus: Munich, May 11 (IANS) Former Germany footballer... 
Officer killed as Turkish ship bombed near Libyan port: Tripoli, May 11 (IANS) An officer of a Turkish cargo s... 
Activists oppose juvenile justice bill: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A network of NGOs, lawyers, activists and ind... 
Jayalalithaa's illegal assets only 8 percent of income: Judge: Bengaluru/Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Acquitting AIA... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
New York Red Bulls defeat NYCFC and Columbus, Seattle put on a show: In the inaugural Hudson River derby it wa... 
Four oil thieves bag 24 years jail term: A Federal High Court in Lagos on Monday convicted and sentenced four ... 
Nigeria, three others to form AU response force: President Idriss Derby of Chad on Monday said a multinational... 
Mouka Re-Introduces ‘Mattress Swap’ Campaign: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and indust... 
Popular Comedian, Nollywood Actor Set To Host Nigerian Achievers Award: Upwardly mobile comedian, Seyi Law and... 
Health Of Imo Residents At Stake: Fed Up With Misrule, FMC Owerri Staff Issue Ultimatum: News about corruption... 
Bishop Emeritus Blesses Buhari, Sets Agenda For President-elect: Cardinal priest, and formerly Archbishop of L... 
The hottest part of hell should be reserved for governors who live large at public expense - Ben Bruce: Ben Mu... 
AFRIFF 2015: Organizers call for entries: Organizers of the always anticipated and exciting film festival, AFR... 
Busted Life: All the photos from London movie premiere with Ramsey Nouah, Majid Micheal, Uku Eke, others: Noll... 
Tonto Dike: Would you rock actress' vampy makeup look?: Actress and entertainer, Tonto Dike shares a fierce ma... 
Daily Devotional - May 11: Anointing for leadership: Even good leaders can fail without being ordained by God,... 
Wrong Call: Prostitutes beat up pastor in Calabar: A so called pastor who secretly patronised prostitutes have... 
Relegation just the beginning for QPR: Queens Park Rangers' fate was finally confirmed on Sunday with a 6-0 de... 
Bayern vs. Barcelona, Real Madrid vs. Juventus - semifinals preview: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
Ligue 1 review: PSG on the brink of the title: PSG closed in on the Ligue 1 title with a 6-0 win over Guingamp... 
Toni Kroos in training for Real Madrid-Juventus tie, Gareth Bale misses out: Real Madrid were handed a fitness... 
La Liga weekend review: Barca march, Real slip: Real Madrid's chase of passing Barcelona for the La Liga title... 
BSF seizes 16 kg ganja in Bengal: Kolkata, May 11 (IANS) The BSF has seized 16 kg of ganja in West Bengal's Mu... 
Nepal government, donors spar over relief, reconstruction fund: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) In the aftermath of t... 
Cash in on e-commerce industry, Prasad tells India Post: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Communications and IT Minist... 
Manisha Koirala to support Nepali women, girls affected by quake: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) Bollywood star and ... 
Changes made to land bill as desired by CMs: Modi: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Mo... 
2015 NWPL: Sunshine Queens beat hosts Capital City Doves 2-1: Sunshine Queens Women Football Club of Akure on ... 
Glo Premier League: Warri Wolves whip Nasarawa United 4-1, after flood-induced delay: Warri Wolves Football Cl... 
Nigerian Politicians Are Too Wealthy – Ben Murray-Bruce: Senator-elect representing Bayelsa East and Chairman ... 
SEE Dreadful Figures Of How Much Nigerian Visas Are Obtained In 13 Countries: Research carried out by the Nige... 
PHOTOS: Russian Drug Mule Escapes Indonesian Death Penalty:  An Indonesian court has shown leniancy and avoide... 
Confession Of A Witch: Read The Horrible Thing A Housewife Did To Her Husband’s Son: A 32-year-old housewife i... 
'The X-Files': Fox sets premiere date for January 2016: FOX has announced the premiere date for the upcoming s... 
International Space Station: Out-of-control spacecraft crashes into the Pacific Ocean: NASA and Russian space ... 
In Australia: 17-yr old appears in court over bomb plot: The unnamed teenager had been arrested in a raid on h... 
Wedding Speech: How to write and deliver an award-winning wedding speech: Remember the election? The drama? Th... 
Prince Charles: ''Princess Charlotte will take care of me in my old age'': "I was hoping for a granddaughter. ... 
Rivers Lawmakers Suspend Councils Care Taker Committee Chairmen: The Rivers State House of Assembly has suspen... 
Kwara Governor Dissolves Cabinet: The Kwara State Governor, Abdulfatah Ahmed, has approved the immediate disso... 
Power Rankings: D.C. extend their lead:  
Black money bill moved in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday tabled t... 
Chinese couple holds 'bicycle wedding': Beijing, May 11 (IANS) A newlywed couple in Qinhuangdao city has prove... 
Guardiola rejects City talk, will remain at Bayern: Munich, May 11 (IANS) Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola ... 
Vikas Khanna to present 16-kg cookbook to world leaders: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) Vikas Khanna's 16-kg book on cu... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted of charges, set to return as CM (Roundup): Chennai/Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) In a develo... 
National Population Commission begins 2015 education survey: National Population Commission has announced the ... 
Buhari to diversify economy from oil to agriculture, mining: The President-elect, retired Maj.-Gen. Muhammadu ... 
Fire injures seven, guts 109 shops in Lagos: No fewer than seven persons sustained varying degrees of injuries... 
Lagos PDP sacks chairman: The crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party seems to have extended to its Lagos ... 
Kebbi evacuates 1600 IDPs from Sokoto: Kebbi Government on Monday evacuated no fewer than 1, 600 indigines of ... 
SHOCKER: OJB Jezreel’s Kidney Allegedly Collapses Again: Popular Nigerian song writer, singer and music produc... 
Drunk Policeman Kills Tricycle Driver: The Lagos state police command have launched a manhunt for an Assistant... 
The Rock's personal story about himself &amp; his mum is so touching!: In honour of Mother's Day yesterday, former... 
Davido says he's collaborating with Trey Songz next: He has shot his music video with rapper Meek Mill, next i... 
P&amp;G Nigeria: "Promotion of homegrown content prompted us to support Desperate Housewives Africa": Maker of lea... 
'The Following': Fox cancels series after 3 seasons: 'The Following' won't be returning for a fourth season. 
Angel Di Maria: Paris Saint-Germain set to swoop for forward: Paris-Saint-Germain are set to swoop for Angel D... 
China: Smartphone shipments drop for the first time in six years: In 2011, China surpassed the US as the world... 
Ben Murray-Bruce: ‘If you don’t stop wasting Nigeria’s money, you’ll die,’ Senator-elect warns politicians [VI... 
The Relegation Scrap: Hull in trouble as Premier League battle nears end: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Pre... 
Natalie Nunn denies Nigerian billionaire sugar daddy story: She shared a photo of her husband Jacob Payne and ... 
ED to take two accused of IPL betting to Gujarat: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Two men arrested by the Enforcement... 
Hollande first French president to officially visit Cuba: Havana, May 11 (IANS) Francois Hollande arrived in H... 
60 killed in fight for hospital control in Syria: Beirut, May 11 (IANS) At least 60 people have died in clashe... 
British professor revives 18th century Indian music: London, May 11 (IANS) Working with Indian musicians, a Br... 
Using Bangladesh anthem as ringtone illegal: Dhaka, May 11 (IANS) The Supreme Court of Bangladesh on Monday ru... 
Children thank the military for rescuing hostages from insurgents: For the doubting Thomases who did not belie... 
Kwara’s Gov Ahmed dissolves cabinet: The re-elected executive governor of Kwara state,Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed ... 
Zendaya: Actress graduates from high school: But was Zendaya likely on set filming her Disney Channel series K... 
Wedding Planning: Choosing your wedding venue: Choosing a wedding venue might seem like a task consisting only... 
SMEDAN: DG says neglect of entrepreneurship spirit in youths is major cause of unemployment: The DG said the p... 
Hugh Jackman: 'Wolverine 3' will be actor's last 'X-Men' film: Hugh Jackman has confirmed that 'Wolverine 3' w... 
Mercy Aigbe: Actress opens up on why her first marriage crashed: According to her the marriage did not work be... 
PDP Crises: Muazu Must Go – Anenih:  Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s Pioneer National Woman leader and member,... 
Why Buhari Will Not Probe Jonathan – APC: In response to a statement by out-going President Goodluck Jonathan ... 
Keystone Direct Airtime! Get 100% airtime bonus on recharge cards: Discover an easier way to top up your phone... 
Group Wants Chibok Girls Rescued Before May 29: The Bring Back Our Girls campaigners have asked the Nigerian g... 
Chelsea face a struggle to replace their leader John Terry: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer insists John Terry will remain... 
Striker light Liverpool must sign a goalscorer to compete once again: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol reacts to Liverpoo... 
Lagos PDP sacks Chairman, appoints replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
S’Korea vows ‘merciless’ response to North’s missiles: South Korea has said North Korea’s recent test-firing o... 
Ahmed dissolves Kwara cabinet: The Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, has dissolved the State Exec... 
Epic shade! This Ghanaian just finished Nigeria on instagram: Can you imagine? Lol. What we're used to is into... 
Indonesia jails Russian for 16.5 years for drug smuggling: A Russian woman who smuggled drugs into Indonesia w... 
MTN Foundation celebrates a decade of enriching lives: With its pioneering status as the first Foundation to b... 
Jonathan is humble, detribalized statesman, say Kefasi, Turner: ``He is a nationalist, a patriot, who spent a ... 
Court orders banks to freeze JGSG, Lamido and Birnin-Kudu LG accounts: Federal High court sitting in Dutse, Ji... 
Nigerian food exports get boost with SON’s lab: The accredited laboratories would boost the nation’s diversifi... 
A plant that leads to diamond deposits: New York, May 11 (IANS) A geologist has found a rare African plant tha... 
Gadkari denies wrongdoing, Rajya Sabha disrupted: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha was disrupted Monda... 
Traffic policeman who hits woman with brick held: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A Delhi Traffic Police head constab... 
Fresh avalanches paralyse search operations in Nepal's Langtang: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS/ (EFE) More avalanche... 
Why some people love whispering porn?: New York, May 11 (IANS) Have you ever tried or heard of a whisper porn?... 
Photos: Actress Eniola Badmus shares lovely new photos of herself: Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus shared the... 
New Music: Shayne YG - 'Shades of Sade' (S.O.S): The song produced by Bobby Combz is a fusion of Afro-Pop and ... 
Emmanuel Adebayor: Younger brother of Togolese player apologises for several theft: In an interview with BBC, ... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President to hand over N12trn public debt to Buhari: Nigeria’s public debt rose from N10.16... 
Going Home: Pregnant woman killed by OPC laid to rest: The 25 year old pregnant lawyer who was killed during a... 
In Indonesia: At least 600 migrants rescued from drifting boats: The migrants are believed to be Bangladeshis ... 
Buhari To Send Top Security Officials Packing: Following his victory at the polls, president-elect, General Mu... 
Fuel Scarcity Is Consequence Of Proper Process Negligence – Esele: Weeks of fuel scarcity gradually affecting ... 
Lagos PDP Sacks Chairman, Appoints Replacement: The Executive Committee of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP)... 
Skuki and Friends Campus Concert.. #SFCC: Nigerian youths, its time for some serious turn up, as Skuki and Fri... 
Mother shot while pregnant shares a powerful, inspiring story on Mother's Day: Be inspired &amp; marvel at God's w... 
Buhari won’t persecute anyone, clear your conscience – APC: The All Progressives Congress has said the incomin... 
Over 275,000 Gmail accounts install MailTrack.io: OVER 275,000 Gmail accounts and 30 million sent emails are n... 
1000  Ogun  residents ,  deities relocated over  limestone , others: A multinational  cement company, Lafarge ... 
Lagos starts distribution of Permanent Residents’ Cards: Following  successful registration of over three mill... 
Man treks from Abeokuta to Lagos  for Tinubu, others: ABEOKUTA-A-28-year-old Adam Afolabi  Ndabagi  has vowed ... 
Kerala girl athletes from SAI recovering well: Doctor: Alappuzha (Kerala) May 11 (IANS) The condition of the t... 
Arjun Kapoor turns three in film world: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) Arjun Kapoor completed three years in the world ... 
Teenager cured of paralysis with new therapy: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) A teenaged girl, suffering from partial... 
Audi launches RS 7 Sportback, priced at Rs.1.40 crore: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) German luxury automobile manufact... 
Root should be England captain: Botham: London, May 11 (IANS) Former all-rounder Ian Botham says it is time to... 
Prince Harry: British Royal meets 100-yr-old 'Harry The Lizard': The 30-year-old royal met and snapped with hi... 
Memphis Depay: Why Manchester United signing will be Wayne Rooney's boxing partner: Images from Memphis Depay'... 
Timaya: Music star's baby mama shows off baby bump: The picture was taken in the United States where Barbara w... 
In South Africa: Country's major opposition party elects first black leader: Prior to now, the party struggled... 
Entrepreneurial Development: University don says government has to do more: A Professor at the University of A... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor's brother begs for forgiveness: Emmanuel Adebayor's brother, Rotimi Adebayor, who... 
GOOD NEWS: Mysterious Disease Totally Eradicated In Ondo State: The Ondo state government has assured local re... 
MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan Were On Fire At The Star Music Trek In Abakaliki [PHOTOS]:  It was time for the... 
Minister Faults Buhari For Obeying Traffic Regulations: Former minister of external affairs, Bolaji Akinyemi h... 
Malaysia detains hundreds of migrants arriving on boats: Malaysian police say more than 1,000 migrants from My... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
OJB's kidney reportedly collapses again: Popular Nigerian music producer and singer, Babatunde Okungbowa popul... 
Tension brews as Reps consider PIB tomorrow: THERE is palpable fears that the much orchestrated Petroleum Indu... 
PDP Crises: Muazu, others must resign, says Anenih: FOLLOWING the abysmal performance of the Peoples Democrati... 
Senate presidency/House Speakership: APC Govs  back down,  return slot to N-Central, S-west: Incoming Governor... 
One killed in Turkish ship attack off Libya: One seaman was killed and several wounded when a Cook Islands-fla... 
Beautiful photos of basketball player Chris Bosh and his family...: NBA Player, Chris  Bosh and his wife, Adri... 
Do men wish for the same thing for their daughters as they wish for their wives?: Saw this on twitter. A chart... 
Get a Job in 10 minutes, take the 10:10 Challenge: What can you do in 10minutes? Boil an egg? Record a song? O... 
Tea Recipe: Check out this classic tea: Although, it is just tea but this classic recipe taste heavenly and delicious 
Dencia: Take a look at the Whitenicious boss' California mansion: Her residence is at almost 7000 square feet ... 
Tony Elumelu: Billionaire businessman to speak at White House event for emerging entrepreneurs: The event will... 
Haile Gebrselassie: Legendary long distance runner retires: The 42-yearold on Sunday, May 10 confirmed his ret... 
Photo of the Day: Rukky Sanda shares sefie with Ini Edo: Pulse Photo of the Day presents you with interesting,... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Constituion Amendment: Supreme Court Can’t Stop Amendment – Senate: The Nigerian Senate on Sunday said that th... 
NEVER BEEN SEEN Photos Of Nadia Buari When She Was Heavily Pregnant:  Show us an actress that knows her game s... 
Boko Haram: Refugee Camp Witnesses Baby Boom:  In a Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camp at Kalambaina, So... 
Fire Ravages Popular Market on Ikorodu Road: There was a fire outbreak at the popular eleran (ram) market at O... 
AMAZING! Popular Actor Buys N20m Range Rover For wife On Mothers’ Day(PHOTOS): Nollywood actor and businessman... 
Joey's Monday Musings: Nigeria really does not care about dead migrants in the Mediterranean: Truth is, Nigeri... 
Steven Gerrard: Liverpool captain reveals why never signed for Jose Mourinho: Steven Gerrard has revealed that... 
Morgan Freeman: Actor calls for legalization of marijuana: The Hollywood movie legend says he uses cannabis to... 
Funke Akindele: Do you remember when Jenifa was Bisi?: Check out Funke Akindele as Bisi in the once hit TV ser... 
Sylvester ‘Sly’ Ojigbede: Read how the Classic FM OAP died: According to reports, Sly had Spinal Tuberculosis ... 
Photos: Kim K gets naked in sexy photoshoot for her website: Mrs West shows off her body - nude &amp;  painted in ... 
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Borussia Dortmund rule out major overhaul and dismiss Mario Gotze talk: Borussia Dortmund have said they have ... 
Huddah Monroe shares pic from her private party in Banana Island: The former BBA star shared the photo above w... 
Ministerial List Conflict: Buhari, APC Governors’ Alliance Looks To Be Heading South: General Muhammadu Buhari... 
70-Year-Old Woman Kidnaps 3-Year-Old-Girl, Plans To Use Her For…: Kwara state police command arrested a 70-yea... 
Five Of The Best And Worst Teams/Players Of The Week: 
Oba Of Lagos Issues Royal Decree To  Non-Indigenes: The Oba of Lagos, Riliwanu Akiolu, has cautioned non- indi... 
Weekend Round Up: No Joy For Real Madrid, Bayern As Aguero, Cavani Hit Hatricks: 
CAR militias agree to disarmament deal: Rival armed groups in Central African Republic agreed on Sunday to a p... 
Only the guilty needs to be afraid, APC tells Jonathan: The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said that only... 
Charles, a Christian from Nigeria beaten, abducted by armed gangs in Libya: Migrants in Libya face "cruelty" a... 
President Jonathan should not be scared of persecution - APC: Read the APC press statement below...The All Pro... 
Royco Women Who Really Cook contest: Royco Nigeria has rewarded two African women with Kitchen appliances for ... 
Kenyan newspaper publishes list of top gays and lesbians in their country: But why na, Kenya? A Kenyan newspap... 
I killed to avenge the killing of my friend- Cult member says: 20-year old Joberi Pyagbara, a Rivers state bas... 
Odisha-born producer to promote ten films at Cannes fest: Bhubaneswar, May 11 (IANS) Odisha-born producer Jite... 
NASA's heartbeat-detecting technology saves lives in Nepal: Washington, May 11 (IANS) A new heartbeat-detectin... 
OPEC daily basket price closes over a dollar lower: Vienna, May 11 (IANS/WAM) The basket of 12 crude oils of t... 
Dave Annable, Odette Yustman expecting first child: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Actor Dave Annable and his wife... 
Nadal to fight to reclaim top four ranking: Madrid, May 11 (IANS) Spanish star Rafael Nadal intends to return ... 
Mediterranean Migrants: EU proposes assigning migrant quota to member countries: In determining the quotas, a ... 
Toke Makinwa: Media personality talks about not spoiling kids with expensive gifts: oke Makinwa also said that... 
Sad News: Movida club owner, Akeem Shodeinde passes on: Popular club owner, Akeem Shodeinde has finally succum... 
Drinks: Luscious Slush Punch [Recipe]: This recipe is EXCELLENT! In all honesty, I have been searching for the... 
Pulse Nigeria Poll: Pulse readers agree it is best to tell a fiancé if they once dated the father: Pulse Niger... 
Real Madrid said 'goodbye' to La Liga title vs. Valencia - Dani Carvajal: Dani Carvajal believes Real Madrid h... 
Pics: Kanye West stops smiling as soon as he spots paparazzi..lol: Kanye West was caught smiling while watchin... 
Governors should not get salary or allowance until all workers are paid — Ben Bruce: Determined to make a diff... 
Dear LIB readers; My man can't get it up &amp; has refused to seek help: From a female LIB readerI am a frustrated... 
Wolfsburg win, Cologne upset Schalke in Bundesliga: Berlin, May 11 (IANS) VFL Wolfsburg cruised past strugglin... 
No evidence of life in 100,000 galaxies: Scientists: Washington, May 11 (IANS) After searching 100,000 galaxie... 
Facebook 'testing' in-app internal search engine: New York, May 11 (IANS) Social networking site Facebook is t... 
400 suffer spinal injuries in Nepal quake: Kathmandu, May 11 (IANS) More than 400 people have sustained spinal... 
No progress in Bobbi Kristina Brown's health: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Reality TV personality-singer Bobbi K... 
Pulse Frontpage: Read today's newspaper headlines [Monday, May 11, 2015]: Find out what is making headlines al... 
Jason Njoku: Meet the founder and CEO of iROKOtv: The success of NollywoodLove on YouTube led to a successful ... 
Rolls-Royce: The new Wraith is couture on wheels: The new Wraith Inspired by Fashion has an overabundance of R... 
Nadia Buari: Ghanaian actress shares pregnancy pictures on Mother's Day: Nadia Buari shocked the movie industr... 
Bobby Brown, Houston Family: Both forced to share responsibility for Bobbi Kristina: This decision was taken b... 
WAP announces new ThisLife story: TV lovers across Nigeria are in for a swell time as Wale Adenuga Productions... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
Bayern Munich owe Pep Guardiola a performance against Barcelona: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique is well aware ... 
United-bound Memphis Depay admires Cristiano Ronaldo; nearly joined PSG: Memphis Depay has said he looks up to... 
Typhoon kills two in Philippines: Two people were killed after a powerful storm grazed the country’s northeast... 
TAN boss, Ifeanyi Ubah denies assassination attempt: The Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Transformation... 
Mouka Excites Customers with ‘MATTRESS SWAP’ Offer: Mouka Limited, the leading manufacturers of household and ... 
If I Resign PDP Will Be Buried – Mu’azu: The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji A... 
Romance With Popular Nollywood Actress: Gbadamosi’s Wife Denies Husband Sent Her Packing: The wife of a London... 
National Assembly Leadership: Kwankwaso Warns APC To Be Wary Of PDP: As the struggle for the speakership in th... 
Kendall and Khloe Kardashian booed at a basket ball game (photos): Khloe and Kendall were shown on  camera to ... 
They say this is inside Dencia's new LA mansion (photos): Yesterday Dencia showed us her new LA mansion (see h... 
Pulse TV Uncut: Wizkid sprays dollars on fan who danced for him in Houston: There seem to be no end to the cas... 
James McAvoy: Actor goes bald for 'X-Men: Apocalypse' character: James McAvoy is ready to play professor Charl... 
WTF: Man found having sex with a car exhaust: In the bizarre video, the man can be seen thrusting his penis in... 
Muhammadu Buhari: ‘Change can’t happen overnight,’ President-elect says: Buhari also explained that it would t... 
Oba of Lagos: ‘Non-indigenes must respect their hosts,’ monarch says: Oba Akiolu also stated that he has no gr... 
Jayalalithaa-led AIADMK juggernaut set to roll: Analyst: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) With former Tamil Nadu chief m... 
20 die in Jammu road accident: Jammu, May 11 (IANS) Twenty people died on Monday in the Jammu region after a b... 
Three killed in Pakistan blast: Islamabad, May 11 (IANS) At least three people were killed on Monday in a blas... 
Land acquisition bill introduced in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The government on Monday introduced th... 
Tamil Nadu chief minister may resign soon: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam i... 
Friends and associates have abandoned me since I lost the election - GEJ: Before? Unfortunately, that's how so... 
Emmanuel Adebayor fights back: How my mother, siblings ‘ruined’ me: Obviously all is not well with the Adebayo... 
Adamu Mu’azu: PDP will be buried if I resign – Chairman: Some chieftains of the party have been calling for Mu... 
Morning Teaser: 'My husband wants to divorce me because I can't give him a child': A Pulse reader wants your a... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect meets with Northern Elders Forum [PHOTOS]: Members of the forum paid a congr... 
Wayne Rooney: Manchester United captain on day out with family: Last week, Rooney and his wife, Coleen took th... 
Miraculous: Women gives birth to twins who have two different fathers: The rare occurrence was revealed when t... 
Saudi king to skip US-Gulf summit: Washington, May 11 (IANS) Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud will not ... 
India will bring Dawood Ibrahim back: Rajnath: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday ... 
Land acquisition bill again moved in Lok Sabha: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) The government on Monday introduced t... 
Drug target for Ebola-like viruses identified: Ottawa, May 11 (IANS) Researchers have identified the Achilles'... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted in disproportionate assets' case: Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) In a relief to former Tamil ... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
Boat carrying 400 migrants rescued off Indonesia: A second boat carrying hundreds of migrants from Myanmar and... 
Ogboru is welcome to APC, but… — Emerhor: NOTWITHSTANDING that the All Progressives Congress, APC lost the Apr... 
Reality star Natalie Nunn allegedly cheating on hubby with Nigerian billionaire: MediaTakeOut yesterday put ma... 
Jonathan Is Leaving Solid Economic Legacies For Buhari — Okonjo-Iweala: Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, the coordinat... 
Buruji Kashamu Is Afraid Of His Own Shadow – Adoke:  Minister of Justice, Mr. Mohammed Adoke, told press Buruj... 
Mother And Children Who Sing: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deacon... 
Mother And Children Who Sings: Didi-Blessing; she was born and raised in a Christian family of Apostle &amp; Deaco... 
Nigerian visa reportedly goes for one dollar in 13 countries: According to a report by Punch, while Nigerians ... 
'Constantine', 'State of Affairs': NBC cancels TV series: NBC cancels 'Constantine', 'State of Affairs' amongs... 
Emmanuel Adebayor: Togolese striker reveals more dirty details about his brother, Rotimi: Emmanuel Adebayor ha... 
Patoranking: 'Moving my family out of the ghetto is my greatest achievement' says dancehall act: Patoranking s... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Don’t be northern Nigeria’s president, Maitama Sule charges Buhari: Elder Statesman and former Nigeria’s Perma... 
Goodluck Jonathan: ‘I expect to be persecuted by Buhari administration,’ President says: President Goodluck Jo... 
Pulse Album Review: The Indestructible Choc Boi Nation shows that Choc City is ready to play: This album is a ... 
OASIS EPISODE 23 RECAP: Love, laughter, regret and eating with the enemy. These describe this week’s episode q... 
Moroccan F-16 goes missing in Yemen: A Moroccan F-16 warplane taking part in a bombing campaign in Yemen led b... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
Too busy to take up direction now: Vijay Anthony: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Composer-turned-actor Vijay Anthony s... 
Jayalalithaa acquitted in disproportionate assets case: Bengaluru, May 11 (IANS) A special bench of the Karnat... 
Scotland tops league for gay equality: London, May 11 (IANS) Scotland has been rated as the best country in Eu... 
'Selfie' course introduced in University of California: Washington, May 11 (IANS) The University of Southern C... 
Barcelona leading race for Brazilian star Garson: Rio de Janeiro, May 11 (IANS) Spanish football club FC Barce... 
Chris Brown spends $200k on a Richard Mille watch (photo): While some people are missing jewelries worth $250k... 
Celebrations outside Jayalalithaa's residence: Chennai, May 11 (IANS) Celebrations broke outside AIADMK genera... 
Ex-Brazil stopper Dida on Coritiba radar: Rio de Janeiro, May 11 (IANS) Internacional could sell former Brazil... 
I have a land of 2400 sft in Bangalore.   it is almost 20 years since...: I have a land of 2400 sft in Bangalo... 
Drizzle in Delhi: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) It drizzled in the national capital on Monday, bringing down the me... 
Curiosity rover clicks serene sunset on Mars: Washington, May 11 (IANS) In what could be a perfect desktop or ... 
Egypt policeman suspected of killing protester detained: An Egyptian judge has ordered the detention of a poli... 
50 cent jeweler accuses the rapper's crew of theft and assault: 50 Cent is currently being investigated by Las... 
General Medical Checkup: Nigeria can be very stressful at times and between the traffic, petrol queues and lon... 
Condemned soldiers: Lawyer appeals  to Jonathan, COAS: The Counsel for 12 soldiers condemned to death   by a G... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
New Zealand engineers to assess Nepal quake damage: Wellington, May 11 (IANS) A team of engineers from New Zea... 
Sensex up around 250 points; auto stocks rise: Mumbai, May 11 (IANS) A benchmark index of Indian equities mark... 
Modi's visit to China: How long can policy of accommodation continue? (Comment: Special to IANS): The rise of ... 
Car kills 13-yr-old girl inside mother’s shop: It was wailing and weeping, yesterday, at Ile-Olowola compound ... 
UP minister's daughter's body not recovered yet: Lucknow/Rishikesh, May 11 (IANS) Body of 22-year-old Adeeba S... 
Commuters stranded as DTC drivers go on strike: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Commuters depending on buses for thei... 
Hello, I am a resident of pune but was born in Mumbai dated 28/05/...: Hello, I am a resident of pune but was ... 
Cat festival held in Belgian town: Brussels, May 11 (IANS) The 44th edition of  'Festival of the Cats' was hel... 
Awww, Kim Kardashian's mother's day present from hubby Kanye West:  
ISIS sets ‘honey traps’ to ensnare and execute homosexuals: In its crusade against homosexuals, the Islamic St... 
Commuters stranded as DTC drivers go on strike: New Delhi, May 11 (IANS) Commuters depending on buses for thei... 
Chivas face neighbors Atlas, America draw Pachuca in 2015 Clausura: Reigning Liga MX champion Club America wil... 
Payne wraps Horan's car in toilet paper: London, May 11 (IANS) One Direction singer Liam Payne teamed up with ... 
US 'certainly vulnerable' to IS: Senator: Washington, May 11 (IANS) The US is "certainly vulnerable" in its fi... 
Talking Points: Gerrard sendoff, UCL fallout, drop zone, A-League: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho and Liverpool... 
Highlights: New York Red Bulls 2-1 NYCFC: In the inaugural Hudson River derby it was Bradley Wright-Phillips w... 
Aba: Motorists accuse FRSC of extortion: Motorists plying  Enugu- Port Harcourt Expressway have accused person... 
Nigeria, Indonesia, Mexico to displace UK, France out of top 10 largest economies: Will the shift in global ec... 
English Premier League standings: London, May 11 (IANS) Following are the English Premier League standings aft... 
Simon Cowell knows little about music: Waterman: London, May 11 (IANS) Record producer Pete Waterman, who was ... 
Powell sets fastest 100m time: Former world record-holder Asafa Powell clocked a world leading 9.84 seconds to... 
S’West rugby: Cowrie  extend lead: Cowrie Rugby Football Club on Saturday extended their lead at the summit of... 
Yussuf Alli worries over fumbling male athletes: Commonwealth gold medallist, Yussuf Alli, has lamented the po... 
Justice urges Keshi to focus on young players: Former Eagles midfielder, Justice Christopher, has urged Super ... 
T.B. Joshua’s hide-and-seek game with Lagos coroner: As the coroner’s inquest into the deaths in Synagogue’s b... 
Emel, Stanley collaborate on home security system: Emel Group of Companies has said it is working with Stanley... 
TUC, developer to build 100,000 housing units: The Trade Union Congress, in partnership with a private develop... 
Actis to complete Heritage Place in December: Heritage Place, the $100m (N20bn) 14-floor modern office buildin... 
FG should commercialise, not privatise FHA – SSACTAC: The Federal Housing Authority should be commercialised a... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
NCF advises incoming govt on Great Green Wall project: The incoming government needs to urgently look into the... 
Architecture bodies rise against foreign incursion: The Architects Registration Council of Nigeria and the Nig... 
Unplanned retirement, recipe for disaster – Ideva: The Managing Director Premium Pension Limited, Mr. Wilson I... 
Continental Re made N1.1bn profit in Q1: Continental Reinsu-rance Plc’s profit before tax rose by 46 per cent ... 
LASPEC prepares civil servants for retirement: The Lagos State Pension Commission has said over 1,000 of its e... 
Mansard counts gains as AXA  takes majority stake: The Chairman, Mansard Insurance Plc, Mr. Victor Osibodu, sa... 
Mile 2- Apapa Gridlock: Jonathan’s mess, Buhari’s burden: Tankers, as they are called, waiting to load Premium... 
Why there have been no food riots in Nigeria  — Adesina, Agric Minister: Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, Nigeria’s celeb... 
AUN set to enter Guinness World Record: American University of Nigeria’s Office of Sustainability is set to pl... 
PwC’s audit report or cover up?: The report written by Nduka Chiejina revealed the following. “The forensic au... 
New Zealand engineers to assess quake damage in Nepal: Wellington, May 11 (IANS) An engineering team from New ... 
Toronto FC lose home opener to Houston Dynamo: TORONTO -- Boniek Garcia and Will Bruin scored and the Houston ... 
Adoke’s friend leaked plot to abduct me – Kashamu: Ogun-East senator-elect, Buruji Kashamu, has said that he g... 
‘There’s need to restructure electoral system’: THE Anglican Bishop of Minna Diocese, The Rt. Rev. Daniel Yisa... 
Insubordination: Military-trained policemen may face disciplinary action: Ten policemen who were being detaine... 
B’Haram:  63 children, six pregnant women rescued: Of the 275 persons that were rescued and handed over to the... 
Nigeria’s economy won’t collapse – Okonjo-Iweala: Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on Sunday nigh... 
Nigerians have not discovered the Senegalese market  –Ambassador Jackden: So, it is for Nigerians to be very a... 
APC and Buhari, no excuse for failure, change must be change: Last week, President-elect, Major-General Muhamm... 
‘My wives know I’m a criminal’: A 27-year-old suspected kidnapper, Rasheed Adetunji, who was paraded alongside... 
FAAN’s Director of Finance appointment not terminated — FG: The Federal Government, through the Federal Airpor... 
The oppressive folly of fuel subsidy: The data released on fuel subsidy outlays from responsible Agencies of g... 
Ozzy Osbourne donates $10,000 to kids' music group: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) A group of young percussionists... 
Desist from criminalising commercial, civil cases, IGP warns policemen: LAGOS — Acting Inspector General of Po... 
Senate Presidency: Akume in shuttle diplomacy, meets OBJ, Tinubu, Atiku, Kwankwaso: As the leadership of the A... 
NASS leadership contest: N-East Govs-elect set to collide with incoming legislators: ABUJA — Some incoming gov... 
Constitution amendment: S-Court  can’t stop N-Assembly — Senate: ABUJA— The Senate, yesterday, vowed to procee... 
Foreign exchange dealers push for policy change: LAGOS — Another major shift in foreign exchange market policy... 
I killed to avenge friend’s death –Cultist: A 20-year old man, Joberi Pyagbara, now in police custody for his ... 
Find my husband’s killers, gold-winning  weightlifter tells govt: Mrs. Okwuchi Nwokennaya, the widow of the la... 
My kidnappers boasted they had police informants –Victim: A physiotherapist, Mrs. Uju Onotai, who was kidnappe... 
We are dying of hunger, FG retirees lament: Some retirees of the Federal Government under the Pay-as-you-go Pe... 
REPLA targets customer service excellence: Royal Exchange Prudential Life Assurance has said it will focus on ... 
Highlights: Toronto FC 1-2 Houston: The Houston Dynamo triumphed 2-1 over Toronto FC at BMO Field courtesy of ... 
Nigeria’s debt hits N12tn: The debt owed by both the Federal Government and the 36 states of the federation as... 
Poor distribution worsens fuel scarcity: Poor distribution network and the unwillingness of the Nigerian Natio... 
Transcorp to begin oil exploration: Transnational Corporation of Nigeria Plc has unfolded plans to begin the e... 
Sterling Bank to raise N30bn in fresh capital: Sterling Bank Plc says it is planning to raise between $100m (N... 
IOSCO moves to tackle investment fraud: The International Organisation of Securities Commissions says it has r... 
Woman, 70, kidnaps 3-yr-old-girl in Kwara; uses her for begging: It was drama in Ilorin, yesterday, as Kwara S... 
PDP – Implosion To Explosion: THE character of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as a party its key officials... 
I‘ve got my W/Cup squad –Manu: Flying Eagles coach Manu Garba has disclosed that he has a clear idea of the 21... 
Ebola: How Liberia ended  7 months of nightmare: The campaign to eliminate the Ebola virus marked a significan... 
Diamond Bank to leverage technology for growth, profitability: Diamond Bank Plc has disclosed its readiness to... 
Aww, check out what Kanye did for Kim K (:  
Nigeria soldiers on deathrow allegedly being starved of food &amp; water: According to a report by Sahara Reporter... 
Idiotic: Man robs store, posts robbery on instagram: The absolute law we learn from movies about robberies and... 
Barbaric: Boy, 12, made to watch as mother is burnt for 'witchcraft': A twelve-year-old boy was made to look o... 
More clever ways to make money online: Become an Internet life coach Because of the strong interest in quality... 
Firefighter collapses inside well while rescuing plumber: An official of the Lagos Sate Fire Service on Saturd... 
Gunmen abduct OAU lecturer, kill driver, demand N70m: Some gunmen on Friday abducted a lecturer at the Obafemi... 
CitiBank promises more support for aviation sector: Citibank Nigeria Limited says it will increase its support... 
Brain tumours in children: Children in Nigeria with brain tumours have a rough deal in terms of gaining access... 
Hernanes brace seals Inter Milan comeback, Sampdoria keep up European push: Hernanes scored twice against his ... 
Putin, Merkel call for dialogue to solve Ukraine crisis: Moscow, May 11 (IANS) Russian President Vladimir Puti... 
Being in love terrible for waistline: Sarah Harding: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Singer-actress Sarah Harding's... 
Why cruising is   growing faster in  leisure market — Soluade: It is an easy and convenient way to travel. You... 
Star Football Super Fans: Arsenal fans stun Chelsea fans: Star SuperFans, the popular game show, witnessed an ... 
Nigerians seek transparent disbursement of oil revenue: “We know that nations that are rich in oil and gas tha... 
High interest rate‘ll pressurize operating costs in the economy –LCCI: “The implication is that interest rate ... 
My Life and Work in the Search for a New, Better and United Nigeria:  “social and ethical transformation impli... 
Lesley Arimah is Africa regional winner of 2015 Commonwealth Short Story Prize: Nigeria’s Lesley Nneka Arimah ... 
Artistic expresssion of contemporary atmosphere of two cities: The just concluded photography exhibition by tw... 
Nike Oshinowo radiates season after season: The delectable quintessential queen of screen and former ‘Most bea... 
Delta Beyond Oil: Uduaghan’s parting gift to Deltans: As part of efforts at leaving a sustainable and enduring... 
‘Jonathan never discriminated on the basis of religion, tribe or region’: The Head of Service of the Federatio... 
Photos of actress Nadia Buari during her pregnancy: We didn't even know the actress was pregnant until news of... 
Something For Mother's Day: Woman was knocked out on heroine while her 6-month-old crying and sweating: A moth... 
Muhammadu Buhari: 'The economy needs emergency revival': The President-elect said the country needs to quickly... 
Relegation deserved for pathetic QPR with future bleak under Fernandes: QPR coach Chris Ramsey dubbed his side... 
Photo: Beyonce with her mum vs Beyonce with her daughter: In celebration of Mother's Day, Beyonce shared this ... 
DJ Jimmy Jatt &amp; Dakore Akande cover new issue of Complete Fashion mag: Popular DJ, Jimmy Jatt and actress, Dak... 
Rhino poaching continues unabated in South Africa: Pretoria, May 11 (IANS) South Africa has lost 393 rhinos th... 
Skales, Uti, Mercy Aigbe, others storm Lagos for Nexus Brandshop Launch: Popular Nigerian celebrities, Skales,... 
Police kill six armed robbery suspects in Delta: Six suspected armed robbers have been shot dead by the police... 
Only 141,000 people pay taxes in Edo —STATE IRS: CHAIRMAN of Edo State Internal Revenue Service, Chief Useni E... 
We’re committed to paying workers’ salaries  —Bayelsa govt: Bayelsa State Government, weekend, said it will no... 
Boko Haram: Jonathan’s finest hour: BOKO HARAM, interpreted to mean “Western education is evil”, did not begin... 
Paris Hilton wants 'normal' boyfriend: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Socialite Paris Hilton, who has previously d... 
Okonjo-Iweala Tasks Incoming Government On Job Creation: Nigeria’s Minister of Finance has tasked the incoming... 
Lai Mohammed’s Statement On Handover Unnecessary – Bode George: A leader of the ruling Peoples Democratic Part... 
President Jonathan Thanks Nigerians In Farewell Service:  The Anglican Communion has held  a special thanksgiv... 
In Kano: Contractors accuse govt of owing N16 billion for completed projects: The association said the state g... 
Twellman: Toronto have a cohesive attack: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey and Taylor Twellman preview Toronto FC's mat... 
Prem: City thrash QPR, Liverpool draw: Manchester City handled Queens Park Rangers quite easily in their 6-0 w... 
Trek For Loss: Governor Who Lost Election Gets Sympathy Walk: It is a season for trekkers! And it is not only ... 
MORE DRAMA: Emmanuel Adebayor Reveals More On How His Brother Stole From Int’l Stars:  It seems the revelation... 
Behold! The Only Outgoing Governor That Will Not Leave Any Debt For His Successor: Katsina State Governor, Ibr... 
NPFL: Sunshine thrash Shooting 2-0, other results: Sunshine Stars Football Club of Akure on Sunday defeated vi... 
Transcorp raises Ughelli Power Plant capacity to 610 MW: Transnational Corporation of Nigeria, Transcorp, Plc ... 
Foundation asks FG to position asthma as national priority disease: Chairman of Oluwakemi Memorial Foundation,... 
Rosberg beats Hamilton to win Spanish GP: Barcelona, May 11 (IANS) Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg beat reigning ... 
Jessica Alba's struggle with homework: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) Actress Jessica Alba says she doesn't unders... 
'Avengers: Age Of Ultron' dominates North American box office: Los Angeles, May 11 (IANS) "Avengers: Age Of Ul... 
Family drama! Emmanuel Adebayor responds to one of his fans on facebook:  A female fan Rachel Mahoe left a com... 
Boko Haram: 20 killed as terrorists attack Borno village: Report says the terrorists collaborated with some re... 
Don’t expect radical revolution from Buhari – Okogie: The Catholic Archbishop Emeritus, Anthony Cardinal Okogi... 
LASG treats 496 patients for cardiac, renal ailments: The Lagos State Government says 496 patients had receive... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
Liverpool's attack lets them down again: Replacing Luis Suarez and keeping Daniel Sturridge healthy were alway... 
Coutinho bright for Liverpool in disappointing 1-1 draw at Chelsea: Steven Gerrard scored and received a stand... 
Good News: Fayose Announces When Ekiti Workers Will Get April Salary: After over a month without getting paid ... 
Jonathan Talks About Life After May 29, Says He Hopes Patience Will Not Divorce Him: President Goodluck Jonath... 
Mercy Aigbe’s Husband Reveals What The Actress Calls Him When She’s Angry: Popular Nollywood actress and mothe... 
I Am Looking Forward To Buhari Probing Me And My Ministers – President Jonathan: Outgoing President Goodluck J... 
7 injured, vehicles vandalized as hoodlums go on rampage in Lagos: No fewer than seven persons sustained injur... 
Receiving the Bread of Life: If God promises to give you a car, can you receive it?  Don’t be quick to answer.... 
Kalu Uche nets fifth Levante goal: Nigeria striker Kalu Uche scored his fifth goal for Levante on Sunday in a ... 
OAU lecturer kidnapped, driver killed, car burnt: A lecturer at Obafemi Awolowo University, OAU, Ile-Ife, Dr. ... 
Murray rolls over Nadal in Madrid Open final: Madrid, May 11 (IANS/EFE) Britain's Andy Murray, the No. 2 seed,... 
Iran condemns Saudi-led attack on Yemen as 'genocide': Tehran, May 11 (IANS) Iranian foreign ministry spokeswo... 
Eden Hazard and Chelsea have a rare off-day in draw with Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a stand... 
Atletico Madrid draw late on Fernando Torres goal, Campbell leads Villarreal: Fernando Torres scored with 10 m... 
David De Gea, Leicester heroes and awesome Aguero make TOTW: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
Poll defeat: Patience Jonathan makes first public appearance: Wife of the President, Mrs. Patience Jonathan, o... 
Mother’s Day: Ajax Players walk on to pitch with their mother: The players of Dutch champions Ajax walked onto... 
Murray stuns Nadal to win Madrid Open: Andy Murray claimed his first Masters series title on clay with a stunn... 
Arepo shooting: Pregnant woman killed by stray bullet buried: The remains of Damilola Fajana, the pregnant wom... 
Escaped Chibok students offer help to freed Boko Haram hostages: "I'm very glad to hear that because I think t... 
Ekiti govt begins workers verification on Tuesday, payment of April salary from Wednesday: Verification of 48,... 
Nigeria’s economy won’t collapse, says Okonjo-Iweala: The Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on has ... 
Fighting rages along Syria’s Lebanon border: The Lebanese Shia group Hezbollah has sent its fighters on an off... 
Oh dear! Blac Chyna's mum comes for the Kardashians/Jenners:  Two days ago, Tyga's grandma said she prefers 17... 
Goodluck Jonathan: 'I hope my wife won't desert' - President says he already lost friends:  
The worth of a Nigerian: THE world knows the worth of an American citizen. The United States (US)  insists tha... 
Aguero treble sends QPR down, Liverpool’s Champions League dream ends: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as Man... 
Bikers ride from Buhari's compound in Katsina to Abuja to witness his inauguration:  A group of bikers picture... 
Bopanna-Mergea clinch Madrid Open title: Madrid, May 11 (IANS) The unseeded Indian-Romanian pair of Rohan Bopa... 
IPL scoreboard: Chennai Super Kings vs Rajasthan Royals: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Following is the scoreboard of... 
2 persons trek to Kaduna in sympathy with Gov. Yero after losing governorship election: As several people trek... 
Black boxes of crashed A400M plane found in Spain: Spanish authorities on Sunday found the two cockpit recorde... 
Cry not for the Igbos: THE 2015 general elections might be over but the indelible footprints it left on our po... 
Tension Mounts In APC As Northern Leaders Move To Whittle Down Tinubu’s Influence: If not handled properly, a ... 
NEMA Close To Completing Evacuation Of Returnees From Niger Republic: The National Emergency Management Agency... 
Five Killed In Switzerland Shooting: Five people have been found dead after a shooting in a town in northern S... 
Prem: Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Steven Gerrard scored and received a standing ovation in Liverpool's 1-1 draw wit... 
Prem: Manchester City 6-0 QPR: Manchester City relegated QPR with a commanding 6-0 victory at the Etihad. 
Chelsea hold Liverpool at Stamford Bridge: Former Chelsea man Craig Burley breaks down Chelsea's draw against ... 
President elect, Gen Buhari, says his government will be made of technocrats only: President elect, Gen Muhamm... 
Between Buhari’s Integrity, “Change” and Jonathan’s Greatest Failing: It is weeks to the swearing-in the presi... 
2015 general elections: I hope my wife will not divorce me - GEJ: Speaking at the thanksgiving and farewell se... 
Buhari Says Cabinet Will Consist Of Committed Technocrats: Nigeria’s President-elect, General Muhammadu Buhari... 
Brendan Rodgers laments 'awful' Liverpool start in draw at Chelsea: #INSERT type:image caption:Gerrard, who le... 
Gerrard goal not enough for Liverpool: Steven Gerrard has made a career of being Liverpool's hero and his goal... 
Sergio Aguero and David Silva heroics secure Manchester City rout of QPR: Sergio Aguero scored 3 as Manchester... 
Liverpool's Champions League hopes fade after Chelsea draw: Steven Gerrard will not be Liverpool's saviour thi... 
Pulse Opinion: 21 years after his inauguration, would Nelson Mandela be proud of the South Africa he fought fo... 
Merit should guide presidential scholarships: AN ongoing campaign to shoot down the Presidential Special Schol... 
28 killed in Iraq bomb attacks, IS clashes: A total of 28 people were killed, including three suicide bombers,... 
Change can’t happen overnight – Buhari: The President elect, Mohammadu Buhari, on Sunday said the change Niger... 
Car rams into train in UP, three killed: Lucknow, May 10 (IANS) At least three people were killed and one othe... 
PCB ready to host India series in UAE in December, BCCI response guarded: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) The Pakistan ... 
Be ready for persecution, Jonathan tells ministers, aides: BY CALEB AYANSINA ABUJA – President Goodluck Jonath... 
Friends deserted me – Jonathan: Outgoing President Goodluck Jonathan said Sunday that some of his friends dese... 
We have already forgiven Boko Haram – Escaped Chibok students: Deborah knows just what to say to the 275 women... 
2015 elections: I hope Patience will not divorce me – Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan, Sunday,  expresse... 
Footballer Emmanuel Adebayor not done with his family...shares more story about his brother he accused of stea... 
Imo State Pastor And His Daughter Involved In A Bloody Crime: Peace and order of the Umuchoko community in Ngo... 
3 Important Things You Should Know About GEJ’s Emotional Thanskgiving/Farewell Service: Earlier today, a thank... 
S’Court can’t stop N’Assembly from amending constitution – Senate: The Senate on Sunday argued that the Suprem... 
Ekiti medical director demands arrest of  invaders: The Chief Medical Director of the Federal Teaching Hospita... 
Photos of MI, Wande Coal, Cynthia Morgan, Burna Boy at Abakaliki StarMusicTrek:  The 2nd leg of the 2015 Star ... 
Man dies running for life in quake-hit Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 ( IANS) A 72-year-old man died on Sunday in Ne... 
McCullum's 81 lifts Chennai to 157/5 against Rajasthan: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Brendon McCullum's 81 off 61 ba... 
Modi lauds Shashi Kapoor on getting Dadasaheb Phalke: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on... 
Modi bats for 'Team India' of centre and states (Roundup): Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Pitching for a "Team... 
Rohit blames poor bowling and fielding for loss to RCB: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sha... 
Gunmen abduct OAU lecturer in Ekiti, kill driver: Gunmen on Friday evening  abducted a lecturer of the Obafemi... 
NEPAD to regulate products import, export from Africa: The New Partnership for Africa’s Development has announ... 
63 unaccompanied children, six pregnant women among those rescued: Of the 275 persons that were rescued and ha... 
Rescued Woman Says Boko Haram Fed Her With Rice And Oil: A rescued Boko Haram captive, Aishatu, has narrated h... 
'I'll fight for Nigerians when I get to the Senate' - Ben Murray-Bruce: The Senator-elect has been on a roll t... 
Ramsey: Our worst performance in a long time: QPR manager Chris Ramsey apologises to the fans after his side's... 
WATCH: Depay hits 35-yard stunner: PSV winger Memphis Depay converted a 35-yard free kick to add to his impres... 
Man City star Sergio Aguero will get better says Manuel Pellegrini: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini declared t... 
Boko Haram: Where is Abubakar Shekau?: The Boko Haram leader was last heard from in March 2015 when he pledged... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: Brailian football great was  pictured with his wif... 
Sergio Aguero: Hat-trick for striker as Manchester City thump QPR 6-0: Aguero scored a hat-trick with Aleksand... 
My ministers and I will be persecuted, says Jonathan: President Goodluck Jonathan on Sunday gave an insight in... 
Police parade 40 suspected cultists, robbers in Calabar: No fewer than 40 cultists, suspected kidnappers and a... 
Photos: Northern Elders Forum pay General Buhari courtesy visit: Members of the Northern Elders Forum paid a c... 
You ‘re a political gold-digger, APC tells Ndoma-Egba: For leading a delegation to visit the president-elect, ... 
Man held with suspicious walkie-talkies in Bhopal: Bhopal, May 10 (IANS) A director of a private security agen... 
We bowled according to our plan: RCB's Harshal Patel: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royal Challengers Bangalore bowler... 
Tight security in Bengaluru for Jayalalithaa verdict: Bengaluru, May 10 (IANS) Security has been stepped up in... 
SP MLA who stopped trains not being arrested: Railway police: Saharanpur (Uttar Pradesh), May 10 (IANS) The Ut... 
Bank alarm averts another tunnel robbery in Haryana: Chandigarh, May 10 (IANS) The alert sounded by an alarm i... 
Nigerians misunderstood Jonathan’s calmness for indecisiveness – Okupe: The Senior Special Adviser to the Pres... 
Stop fighting Obiano, monarch tells ex-gov Obi: A first class monarch in Anambra State, Igwe Chijioke Nwankwo,... 
Adoke’s friend leaked plot to abduct me – Kashamu: Ogun-East senator-elect, Buruji Kashamu, has said that he g... 
NDDC Director denies involvement in N2.4bn fraud: THE Executive Direct, Projects, in the Niger Delta Developme... 
Anambra Schools Get Multi-million Naira Projects: The Governor of Anambra State has commissioned completed mul... 
After Election Setback, “Mama Peace” Resurfaces, And She Is Glowing Too (PHOTOS): After seemingly going into o... 
Nollywood Actress, Caroline Danjuma Talks About Her Marriage To Billionaire Husband: Since beautiful Nollywood... 
Prem: Gerrard -- Liverpool goal (44'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven Gerrard (44') Liverpool 1-1 Chelsea 
Amber Rose: Larry King interviews popular model and video vixen: When Amber spoke about her Twerk video, Larry... 
Happy Mother’s Day: These are 10 beautiful Nigerian moms worth celebrating: Motherhood is a challenging job ye... 
Google Play Store: You can now pre-register for apps and games before they are available: The new feature shou... 
Tony Elumelu address industrialists at the White House: Former managing director of United Bank for Africa, Mr... 
Buhari will be President of Nigeria not APC President – Tambuwal: SPEAKER of the House of Representatives and ... 
Nigerian women of reproductive age are anaemic – Nutritionist:  A nutritionist, Prof. Ngozi Nnam, on Sunday sa... 
83m internet users in Nigeria – NCC:  The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) says the number of internet... 
10 idol smugglers arrested in Bihar: Patna, May 10 (IANS) A gang of idol smugglers was busted on Sunday with t... 
Cameron names his first all-Conservative cabinet: London, May 10 (IANS) British Prime Minister David Cameron h... 
Prem: Terry -- Chelsea goal (5'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: John Terry (5') Liverpool 0-1 Chelsea 
City annihilate relegated QPR: Sergio Aguero scored 3 as Manchester City destroy QPR who see themselves relegated. 
Davido: Pop singer records song with Trey Songz: Davido made the revelation on his Twitter handle on Sunday, M... 
Michael Schumacher: Wife of F1 legend sells off $40M private jet: Michael Shumacher's wife sold the private je... 
Japan: "Crying rooms" are now a thing: Available from about $85, through August 31, the rooms contain tissues,... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President, First Lady bid farewell at thanksgiving service (Photos): Expectedly, the Church... 
Mothers' Day: Man pose for picture sucking aged mum's breast!: Just to ensure he puts up a picture to celebrat... 
Group seeks probe of Fintiri’s N22bn expenditure: A group, Adamawa Progressive Movement has called for the pro... 
Union defends sacking of 400 NIMC staff, tackles colleagues: Senior Staff Association of Communications, Trans... 
City hammer QPR 6-0: Defending Champions, Manchester City, maintained their uncomfortable second spot behind c... 
Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell Service In Honour of Goodluck Jonathan &amp; First Lady (PHOTOS): A Thanksgiving and Farew... 
9 US Policemen Sacked After 21-Yr-Old Nigerian Died In Isolation Cell: Nine policemen have been fired in conne... 
Season Of Endorsements! Saraki Gets Strong Backing From North-Central APC: Senator Bukola Saraki’s ambition to... 
I’m not plotting to stay on as Amnesty boss -Kuku: The Chairman of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Mr. Kin... 
Seven percent of adults suffer from varicose veins: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) More than seven percent of the adult... 
Two firemen killed in Mumbai blaze, probe ordered: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Two fire fighters lost their lives wh... 
Need to have more Indological researchers in Russia: Mukherjee: Moscow, May 10 (IANS) Appreciating Russian Ind... 
Farmers torch Maharashtra minister's effigy over suicide remark: Yavatmal (Maharashtra), May 10 (IANS) Hundred... 
CSK to bat against Royals: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Chennai Super Kings skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni won the tos... 
Tornado kills One In North Texas: A tornado killed one person in a rural part of north Texas on Saturday and d... 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pre-game accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the sec... 
Farewell Thanksgiving: President Goodluck Jonathan and wife, attend church service in their honour: Ascribing ... 
Nigerian Army: 'We're naked, chained; deprived of food, water' - 12 soldiers charged for mutiny cry out: “They... 
Bobbi Kristina: Grandmother says Whitney Houston's daughter isn't progressing: This is coming few days after l... 
Cristiano Ronaldo: Real Madrid star donates $7.7M to Nepal earthquake victims: Cristiano Ronaldo donated the h... 
Pope Francis: Harlem Globetrotters meet with pontiff: The Pope met with basketball team in St Peter's Square o... 
Court jails man five years for employment scam: A Federal High Court sitting in Osogbo, Osun State, has senten... 
Ihedioha blames executive for corruption: The Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Emeka Ihedioh... 
Investigate Chime, ex-PDP national auditor tells EFCC: A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democratic Par... 
Senate leader condemns politicising visit to Buhari: Senate Leader, Victor Ndoma Egba on Sunday condemned atte... 
Nigerians took Jonathan’s meekness for weakness, restraint for lack of strength – Okupe: The The Senior Specia... 
Onyeka Onwenu, Patience Ozokwor At War Over Goodluck Jonathan: The 2015 general elections might have come and ... 
Chinese billionaire takes 6,400 staff on holiday to Paris; costs him about $50m:  Chinese  billionaire, Li Jin... 
CPI-M, Congress slam Mamata-Modi bonhomie: Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Seeing red over the apparent bonhomi... 
Scottish first minister demands further devolution of powers: London, May 10 (IANS) British Prime Minister Dav... 
Bangalore beat Mumbai by 39 runs: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royals Challengers Bangalore (RCB) beat Mumbai Indians... 
CPI-M, Congress slam Mamata-Modi bonhomie: Burnpur/Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Seeing red over the apparent bonhomi... 
QPR relegated with a whimper as Aguero and City cruise to easy win: Queens Park Rangers goalkeeper Rob Green l... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Sergio Aguero scored a hat-trick as QPR slumped to ... 
Prem: Milner -- Man City goal (70'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: James Milner (70') Manchester City 5-0 QPR 
Prem: Aguero -- Man City goal (65'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (65') Manchester City 4-0 QPR 
Allegri: Pogba helps our chances of beating Madrid: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri is delighted Paul Pogb... 
In US: 9 police officers sacked over Nigerian man's death: The nine officers were sacked because they were pro... 
Marriage Relationship: Dealing with dominance in marriage: Everything we do affects our spouse. Therefore, you... 
Prayerbox: Young Nigerian techpreneur interviewed by forbes: In one week, I had built a working prototype whic... 
Kim Kardashian: Check out models makeup free face: After all the contouring tutorials, facial sculpting and li... 
Royal Castle: Rita Dominic, Chris Attoh land role in new TV series: AMA Award winning actress, Rita Dominic an... 
Photos from the Thanksgiving &amp; Farewell service in honour of Pres. Jonathan &amp; First Lady: Finally a photo of o... 
What is wrong with this pic?: As seen on CNN. Is there anything wrong with it? 
Photos: Chidi Mokeme buys his wife a Range Rover Sports SUV: The actor who welcomed a child with his wife a fe... 
Queen Elizabeth marks WWII anniversary at London service: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II on Sunday attended a th... 
Read How UNICEF And Yobe Government Are Planning To Help Displaced Children: The Yobe State Emergency Manageme... 
South-East Might Lose SGF Position As Tinubu Backs Audu Ogbeh: There are indications that the South-East geopo... 
51 militants killed in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 10 (IANS) Afghan police backed by the army have killed 51  mili... 
Six bodies recovered from avalanche-hit Nepal district: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Six bodies, including that of... 
Pakistan tribesmen clash over land, 47 killed: Islamabad, May 10 (IANS) At least 47 tribesmen were killed and ... 
Rain relief predicted as mercury soars in Punjab, Haryana: Chandigarh, May 10 (IANS) Weather department offici... 
Modi dedicates India's largest blast furnace plant to nation: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) Prime Minis... 
51 militants killed in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 10 (IANS) Afghan police backed by the army have killed 51  mili... 
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
Prem: Aguero -- Man City goal (50'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (50') Manhester City 3-0 QPR 
Fernando Torres saves Atletico but champions only draw at Levante: Fernando Torres netted an important equalis... 
Olamide: Nigerian rapper looks dapper in new promo photos: Well loved Nigerian rapper, Olamide, aka 'King Badd... 
Pulse Opinion: Why Adamu Mu’azu is not to blame for PDP’s defeat: Chieftains of the party have begun to mount ... 
Tunde and Wunmi Obe: Music couple hosts Femi Kuti, Kate Henshaw, Funke Akindele others for their album launch:... 
Just In: Raul Castro arrives Vatican city: Poe Francis also urged the Cuban President to put in more efforts o... 
Roger Federer: 5 clips that show Tennis star is a funny guy...and loves Africa: Pulse searched up 5 different ... 
Talented Nigerian Creates Social Network That Allows Share Prayers: Nigerian-born software developer Adebambo ... 
Popular Actress Allegedly Snatches 7-Months’ Pregnant Woman’s Husband: The beautiful Nollywood actress, filmma... 
APC Governors Set To Clash With Buhari As President-elect Rejects Their Ministerial List: The All Progressives... 
SHOCK As Ogun Assembly Speaker Abandons Victims Of A Ghastly Car Accident: Suraj Adekunbi, the speaker of the ... 
US Places N1.4bn Bounty For Info About Boko Haram Leader: The United States is still maintaining the $7 millio... 
Friends And Family Attend Farewell Service For President Jonathan:  The Anglican Communion has held  a special... 
Water Scarcity Hits Kaduna Residents: Acute water scarcity has hit Kaduna state, Northwest Nigeria, as a resul... 
Prem: Kolarov -- Man City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Aleksandar Kolarov (32') Manhester City 2-0 QPR 
Prem: Aguero -- Man City goal (4'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Sergio Aguero (4') Manhester City 1-0 QPR 
Fernando Torres rescues Atletico Madrid in Levante draw: Atletico Madrid had to come from behind twice to draw... 
Petr Cech: Jose Mourinho says he won't sell goalkeeper to Arsenal: Jose Mourinho has revealed that he will rat... 
Rukky Sanda: Actress puts massive hips on display with purple dress: Nollywood actress, Rukky Sanda released a... 
Genevieve Nnaji: Star actress expends N30m on debut movie project, 'Road To Yesterday': It was further gathere... 
John Carew: Former Aston Villa stiker now a full-time actor: The former Aston Villa and Norway striker is now ... 
Halima Abubakar: Actress steps out in distressed jeans, feeling her look?: Nigerian actress, Halima Abubakar r... 
De Villiers, Kohli fire Bangalore to 235/1: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) AB de Villiers smashed a brilliant century a... 
Land bill is farmer-friendly: Amit Shah: Bhopal, May 10 (IANS) Blaming the Congress for creating misunderstand... 
Vicky Pattison hospitalised after night out: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Reality TV star Vicky Pattison was taken to... 
How to get summer glow for skin: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Want to avoid looking dry and dull in summer? Consum... 
Lisa Ray to perform stunts in 'Ishq Forever': Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Actress Lisa Ray, who plays a secret agent... 
IDPs from Kebbi  ‘disowned’ by Gov. Saidu Dakingari – NEMA: The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) ha... 
Militants set off bombs outside Egypt judge’s home: Suspected militants set off three small bombs on Sunday ou... 
Kim K says Kylie Jenner has always wanted lips (&amp; butt) like hers: Kim K is defending her 17 year old sister K... 
9 US police officers fired over death of young Nigerian man in their custody: We carried this story a few mont... 
Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani: Singers are all sexy and hot in new photos: Nigerian popstars, Emma Nyra and Vi... 
Kelechi Iheanacho: Flying Eagles star shoots Manchester City to  International Premier League Cup title: Ihean... 
Nate Dogg: Late Hip Hop star's son moves against step mum over dad's estate: He further stated that Latoya mar... 
Kehinde Bankole: See actress' flawless look in new photos: The Beautiful actress who recently won an award for... 
‘Saraki most qualified candidate for 8th Senate President ‘: The Chairman of Irepodun Local Government Area of... 
S.African opposition party elects first black leader: South Africa's main opposition party the Democratic Alli... 
Agnes Varda to receive Palme d'Or at Cannes 2015: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) French filmmaker Agnes Varda will... 
Ancelotti hopes league draw kicks up Madrid in Europe: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Spanish club Real Madrid coach Ca... 
Youngsters today prefer casual relationships: Pravesh Rana: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Pravesh Rana, the host of... 
Bangalore post 235/1 against Mumbai Indians: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Royal Challengers Bangalore posted a huge s... 
BJP, Congress slam Delhi government for anti-media circular: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The  Delhi government in... 
Face of Democracy Nigeria pageant flags of Registration for 2015 Edition: Face of Democracy Nigeria flags of 2... 
Nigerian Navy Commissions Secondary School, Calls For Girl Child Education: The Nigerian Navy has promised to ... 
3 Years After His Death, Read The Unbelievable Thing Rasheed Yekini’s Family Is Doing: Untold story about how ... 
Comedian I Go Dye says he will miss First Lady Patience Jonathan: Don't ask me, I don't know...lol. All I know... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
QPR's Sandro not available for selection over work permit issue: QPR midfielder Sandro has been left out of th... 
Can you guess the mother &amp; daughter? (photo): Can you guys tell who the mum is and who the daughter is? 
50 Cent: Jeweler claims rapper's aides stole $250K worth of jewelry: The jeweler further alleged that he met 5... 
Cocktail Recipes: Try an Irish maid in more ways than one [Video]: This is a sour cocktail you can’t help but ... 
Marriage Relationship: Destructive couples: From time to time all of us exhibit destructive and negative behav... 
African dishes: Check out this Capitaine and Pili-Pili in Palm Oil [Recipe]: In this dish, the capitaine fish ... 
Marriage Relationship: Why men want their wives to honour them: Husbands, fathers and boys need respect and ho... 
Photos: OAP Osam and his twin boys enjoy a game of football: MC and Naija FM OAP Osamoje Isaac popularly known... 
Employees of road transport corporation continue strike in Andhra, Telangana: Hyderabad, May 10 (IANS) State-o... 
Snowfall, landslides hit rescue work in Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Snowfall, avalanches and landslides fo... 
Handloom linked to culture, needs to be preserved: Designer Ramam: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) India's handloom s... 
Sunrisers aim at consolidation against Kings XI (Preview): Hyderabad, May 10 (IANS) Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) ... 
Outsiders bring a different passion to cinema: Navdeep Chhabra: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Delhi-based Navdeep C... 
S’Africa strike season looms after attacks on migrants: South Africa’s annual season of labour strikes often t... 
'She's not progressing at all': Bobbi Kristina's grandmother gives sad update on her condition: Bobbi Kristina... 
AMAZING: See The Symbolic Name Displaced Borno Woman Gave To Her Newborn Baby: More and more Nigerians have co... 
Healthy Recipes: Enjoy an avocado banana smoothie: Enjoy this creamy, dairy-free smoothie in the morning for b... 
Olusegun Obasanjo Foundation: Ex-President sacks CEO over $4.9m money-laundering scandal, she takes down Faceb... 
Alhamdulillah: Muslim man travels across 50 states in the US calling the Adhan: He said he had a positive expe... 
Yummy Snacks: Drool over these lemon snowball cookies [Recipe]: Lemon flavoured, and crunchy too, these Lemon ... 
Liverpool hopes pass through Chelsea gauntlet: Liverpool must reluctantly subject themselves to the after-glow... 
Likely xenophobic attacks as S.Africa strike season looms: South Africa's annual season of labour strikes ofte... 
Nigerian Police alone can’t successfully fight crimes NAF Commodore: The Commanding Officer of Nigerian Airfor... 
'It's doesn't matter if the cat is black or white' - article by Ben Murray Bruce: Interesting article by Senat... 
Foundation for tribal development to be set up with coal money: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) The centr... 
New challenges for world cricket order (News Analysis): New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The new global cricket ventur... 
GST bill coming up before Rajya Sabha on Monday: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The government is set to bring on MO... 
Road rage: Delhi bus driver beaten to death: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) A 42-year-old Delhi Transport Corporatio... 
Mommies day out -- an experience for expecting mothers: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) 'Mommies Day Out', an exclusi... 
Jozie teams up with label mate Jahbless on the remix of Choco Boi: The original version of the song was releas... 
Abuja: Archbishop gives politicians stern warning: What must be paramount is the service, welfare and security... 
Mide Funmi Martins: Actress' celebrate daughter as she turns 7: Anuoluwapo is the first grand child of the lat... 
Victoria Beckham reveals unending joy of being a mum in letter: Today is Mother's Day in the US and some parts... 
Cuba: Protestant clergymen bless gay couples: The ceremony which had all the trappings of a wedding, was spons... 
Discover this surprising advantage of dressing up on a workday: A new research suggests a surprising advantage... 
Adaeze Yobo: Ex-beauty queen shows off her boys to celebrate mother's day: Spotting a new look in red hair, th... 
Horrible: Domestic servant pestles boss to death: A beer parlour owner was killed in by her house help in Enugu 
12 Soldiers Sentenced To Death Allegedly Kept Naked &amp; Deprived Of Water, Food: A group of Nigerian soldiers th... 
New way to buy fuel these days ...lol (photos): Due to scarcity of fuel in Lagos people now lose the fuel tank... 
Britain, Germany ground Airbus A400M after Spain crash: Britain and  Germany’s  temporarily grounded their Air... 
Ebola: timeline of a ruthless killer: Here are key dates in the current Ebola epidemic, the worst ever outbrea... 
Gunmen shot Ughelli based pastor: A FIVE man robbery gang over the weekend at Ughelli, Ughelli North Local Gov... 
S.Africa opposition set for first black leader: Members of South Africa's opposition Democratic Alliance voted... 
Two police officers shot dead in Mississippi: reports: Two police officers were shot and killed Saturday in Mi... 
Europeans resist ‘mad’ EU refugee quota plan: Key European governments are fiercely resisting an EU plan that ... 
Mother always our first love: Ranbir Kapoor: Panaji, May 10 (IANS) He's always guarded when speaking about his... 
Now, donate at Archies stores to help widow mothers: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Gifts manufacturing company Arch... 
'Rahul's resurgence signals willingness to take on mantle': New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) With a string of salvos f... 
Lightning kills five in Bihar: Patna, May 10 (IANS) At least five people, including two children and a woman, ... 
Jamaican sprinter Powell runs fastest 100m this year: Kingston (Jamaica), May 10 (IANS) Jamaican sprinter Asaf... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
Wellness Facts: Find out 5 foods that make you stink: What you eat can directly affect how you smell, and in m... 
Rihanna: Singer allegedly prevented Rita Ora from Met Gala after party: It was further alleged that the after-... 
Going To The USA Is Like Jumping Into Fire — Kashamu: Ogun state senator-elect Buruji Kashamu denied any past ... 
Drunk passenger forces Malaysia Airlines flight to turn back: A Malaysia Airlines flight to Colombo had to tur... 
Oil sector rot will overwhelm Buhari if not tackled within 3 months — Esele: The release of the full report of... 
200-level varsity student gives reasons for trekking to honour Enugu State gov-elect: Mr Joseph Iyoke, a 200-l... 
24 more Myanmar nationals held in Tripura: Agartala, May 10 (IANS) Twentyfour more Mayanmarese, including six ... 
Deepak Dobriyal escapes being typecast: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Actor Deepak Dobriyal, who will be seen in "Tanu... 
Chelsea have taken giant strides this season: Mourinho: London, May 10 (IANS) Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho beli... 
I'm not passionate about modelling: Cara Delevingne: London, May 10 (IANS) Model-actress Cara Delevingne says ... 
'KAPOOR and SONS' shoot begins: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) The shooting of Shakun Batra's upcoming modern family dr... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
Pesky Problems: Understand ingrown nails and how to be rid of them for good!: Nobody likes ingrown toenails, a... 
Nigerian Elections 2015: Massive Fraud: New document nails Wike, INEC in Rivers guber poll: The compelling mat... 
Health Horoscope- Monday 11th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your health today: The daily readings... 
Career Horoscope- Monday 11th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your career today: This reading will ... 
Love Horoscope - Monday 11th May,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how to ... 
We must sell presidential fleet; public servants must use made in Nigeria cars — Senator-elect, Ben Bruce: Med... 
Paris protesters demand fresh cannabis laws: Sporting T-shirts and caps printed with marijuana leaves and with... 
Clooney praises stylish, smart wife: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Nearly nine months after his marriage, actor G... 
Marijuana should be legalised: Morgan Freeman: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Veteran actor Morgan Freeman doesn't... 
Sam Smith suffering from stress: London, May 10 (IANS) Grammy Award-winning singer Sam Smith has revealed he i... 
'Robotic Eel' to explore Jupiter's moon Europa: Washington, May 10 (IANS) NASA is planning a "robotic eel" to ... 
Kapil Sibal announces film 'Zainab...': New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Kapil Sibal along with actor Jimmy Sheirgill ... 
Real Madrid do not pass to Gareth Bale enough, says agent Jonathan Barnett: Gareth Bale's agent Jonathan Barne... 
Disturbing: Man, 38, rapes minor: A 38-year old man is being tried for allegedly raping an eight-year-od 
Omoye Uzamere: Actress produces new stage play: According to the actress, the play is a tragicomedy about a co... 
Davido: Singer features Meek Mill in 'Fans Mi' video: The singer also featured Mill in the video, which was sh... 
Primary education remains worrisome in Nigeria — HDI: A non-government organization, Human Development Initiat... 
Singers Emma Nyra and Victoria Kimani sexy in new pics: The singers stepped out in sexy black and pink ensembl... 
Fuel Scarcity: Petrol Price Hits ‘N200 per litre’ Mark On Black Market: Nigerians all over the country are sti... 
‘Mu’azu-Must-Go Campaign’ Puts PDP Governors On Collision Course: Adamu Muazu, the Peoples Democratic Party (P... 
Dencia shows off her LA mansion (photo): Really? This is where you live Dencia? Now, that's living! She shared... 
YCee and Patoranking in new video for 'Condo': Last year's revelation, Patoranking, teams up with a hot new ra... 
Man City dismiss Pep Guardiola job speculation - sources: Manchester City have dismissed speculation that Pep ... 
Regina Askia: Ex-star actress' daughter survives ghastly auto crash in Ivory Coast:  
Underwater robot to plan its own missions: New York, May 10 (IANS) Very soon, there would be a robot that can ... 
Yemen army, Houthis welcome Saudi ceasefire proposal: Sanaa, May 10 (IANS) The Yemeni army and the Shia Houthi... 
Mary Kom beats Indira Gandhi as most inspiring mother: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) Indian Olympic medallist boxer... 
Real Madrid held by Valencia, Barcelona all but win La Liga: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Valencia goalkeeper Diego A... 
NDMC donates Rs.1 crore for Nepal relief: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) The New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has ... 
Sunday Morning Hotness featuring super model, Tyson Beckford: This guy can like and do anyhow because he knows... 
Football icon Pele released from hospital after surgery: Brazilian football legend Pele was released from hosp... 
Photos of Buhari’s modest farmhouses in Daura, Katsina state: A Punch reporter was in Daura, Katsina recently ... 
Photos: Two beautiful young sisters shot dead in St Louis: These two sister, 20 year old Antquonette Hale, (le... 
Singapore team treated over 2,500 injured, sick in Nepal: Singapore, May 10 (IANS) The Singapore contingent at... 
Nepal reminiscences on lost heritage through images: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Staring disbelievingly at the Ba... 
Shashi Kapoor conferred Dadasaheb Phalke Award: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Bollywood's evergreen charmer Shashi Kap... 
Modi opens India's largest blast furnace plant: Burnpur (West Bengal), May 10 (IANS) Prime minister Narendra M... 
Labour of love revives Ray's 'The Apu Trilogy': Washington, May 10 (IANS) Working frame by frame for over a th... 
Is Buhari ready for internet generation, social media, free speech?: In your opinion, do you think General Buh... 
Experts urge Buhari to address power problem: The incoming government of President-elect Muhammadu Buhari has ... 
Explosion rocks nuclear power plant in New York: A large explosion has rocked the Indian Point nuclear plant i... 
Buhari’s Bungalow In Katsina: Resting Garden, Farmhouses, What Else?: The President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, o... 
Ciara shares throwback pic of herself right after giving birth: They are actually stills from her new video 'I... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
Mountaineering expeditions 'bit dangerous' now, says Nepal: Kathmandu, May 10 (IANS) Mountaineering expedition... 
Simple exercises can help control snoring: New York, May 10 (IANS) If snoring is hampering your partner's soun... 
Dadasaheb Phalke Award conferred on Shashi Kapoor: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Information and Broadcasting Minister... 
Young prostate cancer patients suffer more hot flashes: New York, May 10 (IANS) Men who are younger or have a ... 
Love how Venkat Prabhu presents his actors: Suriya: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Tamil star Suriya has teamed up wit... 
Saudi-led coalition strikes target ex-Yemen president’s residence: Warplanes from the coalition led by Saudi A... 
Speakership: Gbajabiamila, Dogara split state caucuses: State and zonal caucuses of the House of Representativ... 
Adaeze Yobo &amp; her babies head out on a pre-mother's day outing: Joseph Yobo's wife and former beauty queen, Ad... 
BTS photos from Davido &amp; Meek Mill's video shoot: Davido and  Meek Mill recently collaborated on music  togeth... 
Coalition bombs ex-Yemen president Saleh’s residence: Warplanes from the coalition led by Saudi Arabia has bom... 
Kerala Minister Jayalekshmi marries her childhood friend: Manathavady (Kerala) May 10 (IANS) Kerala Youth Affa... 
Puri Jagannadh most likely to direct Chiranjeevi's 150th film: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) If industry sources are ... 
Sreesanth is proud father of a baby girl: Kochi, May 10 (IANS) Former India speedster S. Sreesanth and his wif... 
Modi performs 'aarti' at Dakshineswar temple: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday of... 
For the guys,  will you rock this jeans?:  Someone sent this photo and asked if it's OK for her boyfriend to w... 
Pele: Brazil legend leaves hospital after prostate surgery: The 74-year-old was admitted to the Albert Einstei... 
Car bomb rocks S’Afghanistan intelligence office, one injured: Some three attackers were killed while one secu... 
Parched summer again for Bihar Mountain Man's village: Dashrath Nagar(Bihar), May 10 (IANS) Bhagirath Manjhi a... 
Prophet, wife, two children, landlady found dead: A 54-year-old Abia State-born Prophet, Onyenonachi Ihezuk­wu... 
Kim Kardashian West jets off to Brazil to promote her clothing line: The ever busy, Kim K was spotted in L.A. ... 
Trisha walks out of Selvaraghavan's project: Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Southern actress Trisha Krishnan, who has ... 
Raghava Lawrencce in Tamil remake of 'Pataas': Chennai, May 10 (IANS) Actor-filmmaker Raghava Lawrencce, who i... 
Journalism as literature: The writings of Ryszard Kapuscinski (Column: Bookends): Journalism, or especially ne... 
Three militants surrender in Tripura: Agartala, May 10 (IANS) A top militant of the National Liberation Front ... 
India's mutual funds base to top $325 bn by 2018: RCAM's Sikka: Abu Dhabi, May 10 (IANS) Riding on the overall... 
Ecotrends: Real estate stakeholders meet in preparation for 2015 trade show: The home and property expo is the... 
Abubakar Shekau: US maintains N1.4bn bounty on Boko Haram leader’s head: Shekau’s name is included in the list... 
Sanusi Lamido: Emir of Kano visits Kaduna Governor-elect, El-Rufai [PHOTOS]: The Emir visited El-Rufai on Satu... 
Lamudi: Property listing portal launches update of its Android app: Users can share their favourite property w... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors: The governors had vi... 
Clear Sunday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 10 (IANS) It was a warm Sunday morning in the national capital with the ... 
Prince William and Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton take a stroll with Princess Charlotte: The Royals took... 
Mumbai building blaze kill two firemen: Mumbai, May 10 (IANS) Two fire fighters of Mumbai Fire Brigade perishe... 
Modi offers prayers at Dakshineshwar temple: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the D... 
Privatisation of PHCN a fraud,electricity workers tell Buhari: In apparent response to the statement made by t... 
Sad Memories: #NepalPhotoProject on Instagram relives the tragedy in pictures: This project seeks to communica... 
Breaking Tweet: Prince posts link to new song-Batimore on twitter: The song –Baltimore is dedicated to Mr. Fre... 
See what this man accused General Hospital, Gbagada of: He tweeted this yesterday morning. 
Miley Cyrus buys $5mn vineyard: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Singer Miley Cyrus has reportedly bought a vineyard... 
Pele discharged from hospital: Sao Paulo, May 10 (IANS) Brazilian football legend Pele was discharged from hos... 
Nadal meets Murray for Madrid title: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Andy Murray will meet Rafael Nadal in the Madrid Ma... 
Crew collect first home win vs. Sounders:  
Taiwan issues warning as Typhoon Noul approaches island: Taipei, May 10 (IANS) Taiwan issued a warning on Sund... 
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
Evanna Lynch, Robbie Jarvis spark dating rumours: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) "Harry Potter" actress Evanna Lyn... 
Spanish La Liga standings: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Following are the standings of Spanish La Liga after Saturday... 
Reese Witherspoon addicted to coffee: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Actress Reese Witherspoon says she is addicte... 
Pressure mounts on Mu’azu, others to resign before May 29: Powerful forces within the Peoples Democratic Party... 
Scarcity: Nigerians buy fuel for N200 per litre: The scarcity of the Premium Motor Spirit popularly known as p... 
Incestous brothers and sisters!: We are living in a complex and highly sophisticated society in which sexual i... 
Reckless allocation as severance package to governors: All Nigerians who have for long been baffled by how pub... 
Going to US is like jumping into fire —Kashamu: Senator-elect and a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party ... 
N1bn bounty still on Shekau — US: The United States is still maintaining the $7 million (N1.4 billion) bounty ... 
Inter-Korean tensions mount after North Korea test-fires missiles: Seoul, May 10 (IANS) Inter-Korean tensions ... 
Tunde and Wunmi Obe: Celebrity couple open up N400m Lekki mansion to top celebrities: Tunde and Wunmi Obe's N4... 
The post-election prize Jonathan deserves  – Abubakar Audu: The secret of any success is hard work and that ha... 
Keshi wary of Chad: Nigeria head coach Stephen Keshi revealed his side will not be taking Chad lightly when th... 
Kaduna attackers wanted my head for being ‘an infidel’ — Redeemed Church pastor: Old giant threes with fat, tw... 
Aftermath of Polls: The North must win back Igbo confidence  – Ezeife: ’How S-East will benefit under incoming... 
Why incoming government must Scrap petroleum ministry —Expert: Says FG should subsidise production not large s... 
Senate presidency: Aspirants lobby colleagues: The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate President, David ... 
Kidnap: Ekiti doctors go on strike: Nigerian Medical Association has declared an indefinite strike to protest ... 
Mubarak, sons get three-year jail term for graft: A Cairo court sentenced Egypt’s deposed autocrat Hosni Mubar... 
Gov poll: Controversy over Rivers, A’Ibom results: As the May 29 handover date draws near, fresh controversy o... 
Liberia Ebola-free — WHO: The World Health Organisation on Saturday declared Liberia free of the Ebola Virus D... 
WHO releases new cancer, hepatitis drugs: The World Health Organisation has released a new list of treatments ... 
President ‘Okechukwu’ Buhari !: Nigerians are beginning to know more about our President-elect, General Muhamm... 
PDP: Muazu, the govs and the war within: IT is no longer news that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, a... 
May 29 handover: FG recalls Permanent Secretaries, Directors from leave: Ahead of the May 29, 2015, handover t... 
Martins on Bournemouth radar: English Premier League new entrants AFC Bournemouth, who won the English Champio... 
How APC benefited from PDP’s mismanaged success – Eyiboh: Mr. Eseme Eyiboh, is one time chairman of the House ... 
Protests in London over David Cameron's election win: Some left activists Saturday afternoon desecrated a war ... 
Photo: Ambulance on an emergency run runs out of fuel: The ambulance pictured above was reportedly heading for... 
Buhari reportedly rejects ministerial list from APC governors. Ha!: My hand no dey for this one o..lol. Saw it... 
Regina Askia's daughter, Stephanie, surivives ghastly car accident: Regina Askia Williams took to her Facebook... 
Reese Witherspoon's clothing line sells out: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Actress Reese Witherspoon, who launche... 
Louis van Gaal optimistic over Wayne Rooney, Luke Shaw injuries: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal put a p... 
Photos: Woman killed by stray bullet in Arepo, buried: Damilola Fajana, the 26 year old lawyer who was killed ... 
Photos: Rihanna hugs Drake as they party at a nightclub in New York: The ex-flames were spotted at the VIP Roo... 
Sanusi applauds el-Rufai’s election: Former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and Emir of Kano, Alhaji M... 
Power sector consumer complaints highest in Nigeria — CPC: The Consumer Protection Council has said the compla... 
Dotun Akande wins: Dotun Akande needs no introduction. She is one of the successful daughters of late Engr. Ad... 
Era of medical technology: With the advancement in technology, our life is becoming easier day by day. Every a... 
Speakership: Gbajabiamila, Dogara split state caucuses: The jostle by four senators to succeed Senate Presiden... 
Photos: Femi  &amp; Funke Kuti, Kate Henshaw, others party with Tunde &amp; Wunmi Obe at their mansion: Celebrity coup... 
Putin says Russia ready to re-build relations with EU: Moscow, May 10 (IANS/EFE) Russian President Vladimir Pu... 
Arsene Wenger urges Theo Walcott to stay at Arsenal, hints at central role: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has ... 
Real Salt Lake end 5-game winless streak; Timbers tip Impact: Alvaro Saborio and Luke Mulholland scored and Re... 
Lagos Carnival: Colour, Culture, Fashion, others at 2015 Edition:  
GLO hosts NYSC members to welcome party at Orientation camp in Lagos: Globacom, last Friday evening, treated t... 
Poor turnout mars Lagos carnival: Poor turnout of people at the 2015 Lagos Carnival marred the event staged on... 
Check out this cool video of the Smirnoff #Doubleside party. It rocked: Smirnoff Ice Double Black with Guarana... 
President Jonathan Vows To Return PDP To Winning Ways By 2019: The outgoing President Goodluck Jonathan who lo... 
Spot the difference: featuring Pharrell: Can you spot them? Photo credit: TMZ 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid entered their La Liga mat... 
Photos: Ben Murray-Bruce's son graduates from US University: Jared, one of the sons Silverbird Group chairman ... 
A rumour: Tran on reconciliation with Chris Brown: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Model Karrueche Tran has respond... 
Aww...remember the couple who met on twitter and got engaged last year? They got married today: You guys remem... 
Ike Ekweremadu: 'We'll ensure APC delivers on promises' - Deputy Senate President says: The Deputy Senate Pres... 
Kylie Jenner denies saying 'high as f***!*: The 17 year old took to Twitter to deny she said 'high as f***!' i... 
John Fashanu's wife, Abigail, attacked him with samurai sword his sister claims: The last has not been heard o... 
Lyon's title hopes suffer big blow vs. Caen; Bordeaux beat Nantes: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-... 
The best of the weekend action in pictures:  /photo-gallery/2441989/
Pogba's goal-scoring return offsets drab draw for Juventus: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regards to Paul P... 
Ebola may persist in survivors' eyeballs for months: Study: Washington, May 10 (IANS) The Ebola virus can pers... 
GM mosquitoes prove effective against dengue in Panama: Panama City, May 10 (IANS/EFE) Panama's Gorgas Memoria... 
Hosni Mubarak: Court jails Egypt's Ex-President, 2 sons in corruption retrial: Mubarak and his sons allegedly ... 
Akpororo storms the US for ELOGAIR 2015 Concert: Riding on his numerous successes back home and his popularity... 
HAPPENING NOW: Borno Village Under Boko Haram Attack: According to the information circulating in the social m... 
Emir Sanusi Visits El-Rufai, And Here Is What He Says About Kaduna Governor-Elect: Muhammadu Sanusi II, the Em... 
Nigerian presidents must use only made in Nigeria Peugeot as official cars- Ben Murray Bruce: Chairman of Silv... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Prem: Liverpool to keep pace with United?: While Manchester United went seven points clear of Liverpool for th... 
Madrid bid title hopes goodbye: A pair of first half defensive errors and a slew of missed chances, including ... 
Prem: Man United win, Burnley down: Manchester United returned to winning ways at Selhurst Park with a 2-1 win... 
Omotola headlines "poverty is sexist" global campaign: Omotola has just returned from Johannesburg where she s... 
Kim Kardashian West defends Kylie Jenner: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West says ... 
Biu town in Borno currently under attack: Madthaw Village in Miringa District of Biu Local Government Area in ... 
Prem: Crystal Palace 1-2 Manchester United: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Palace may not have been co... 
Photo: Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi pays Nasir El Rufai congratulatory visit:  Emir of Kano, Mahammadu Sanus... 
United close in on top-four spot, beat Palace 2-1: Marouane Fellaini heads home late on to secure 2-1 victory ... 
Madrid slip, play 2-2 with Valencia, Barcelona win: Real Madrid may need a miracle to win the Spanish La Liga ... 
Madrid slip, play 2-2 with Valencia, Barcelona win: Real Madrid may need a miracle to win the Spanish La Liga ... 
Ekweremadu PDP post-election panel meets Jonathan: Members of the Post-Election Review Committee set up by the... 
PCB chief detained for two hours at Kolkata airport: Kolkata, May 10 (IANS) Pakistan cricket board president S... 
Beyonce has 'more energy' now: Los Angeles, May 10 (IANS) Singer Beyonce Knowles says she has "more energy" si... 
Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak sentenced To 3 years in prison in retrial on corruption charges: An Egyptian court on Sa... 
Shehu Sani Blasts Jonathan, Callls His Administration ‘Political Restaurant’:  Shehu Sani, senator-elect for K... 
China orders Muslim shopkeepers to sell alcohol, cigarettes, to ‘weaken’ Islam: Muslim shops and restaurants i... 
Sunderland earn important victory:  
Sanusi visits el-Rufai, says Kaduna chose competent leader: Former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and... 
Six killed in Egypt clashes: Cairo, May 10 (IANS) A total of six, including three policemen and three alleged ... 
Star Football SuperFans gameshow:  Arsenal ‘drag’ Chelsea to penalties: Star SuperFans, the popular game show ... 
Depay will be United’s Messi — Van Gaal: Memphis Depay ‘goal-scoring winger’ like Lionel Messi - Louis van Gaa... 
Pep taking over at City: Pep Guardiola will quit as Bayern Munich manager and take over at Manchester City, ac... 
Aguero bemoans title miss: Manchester City’s in-form goalscorer is leading the race for the Premier League Gol... 
Every woman must take a spiritual stand  -Apostle Fidel Chimezie: Apostle Fidel Chimezie is Chief Apostle, Nig... 
See What Sambo’s Wife Plans To Do After Leaving Aso Rock: Hajia Amina Sambo, wife of Namadi Sambo, Nigeria’s  ... 
Looking For Where To Hangout This Weekend? Check Out These TOP 10 Fun Spots In Abuja: Are you planning to spen... 
N9 Billion Perks Of Being In Buhari’s Team Of Ministers &amp; Legislators: House of Representatives senators and t... 
TOUCHING: Yemi Osinbajo Thanks God: Professor Yemi Osinbajo, vice president-elect, delivered a touching speech... 
Three die, 10 injured in Ogun road crash: Three persons died while 10 others were injured in an road crash whi... 
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
Neymar, Pedro secure vital Barcelona victory: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelled Barcelona past David Moyes... 
Marouane Fellaini earns improved Manchester United a vital win: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Marouane Fellaini (78'... 
Klint Da Drunk, Mr Melody, others storm Bamboo for Most Beautiful Girl in Eko: The second edition of The Most ... 
Skales says he’s nervous as he prepares for first album launch: Currently the most anticipated  album of the y... 
It took me 4 hours to compose Nwayo —Sefiya: Occasionally, artistes tell stories through their music which mak... 
Sunrisers beat Daredevils by six runs (Roundup): Raipur, May 10 (IANS) Kedar Jadhav's valiant unbeaten knock o... 
Borno Government Sets Up 21st IDP Camp: The Borno State Government has established a camp for the indigenes of... 
Photo of the day: Photo from the 2015 Lagos State CarnivalPhoto credit: Lukeshphoto 
Liberia declared Ebola free: The World Health Organization WHO has declared Liberia, one of the countries wors... 
Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu Buhari seen on airport shuttle bus:  Nigeria's president-elect Muhammadu B... 
2019:  Jonathan pledges to rebuild PDP : President Goodluck Jonathan has pledged to work and support all effor... 
Democracy and delayed LG elections  in Lagos: As  Governor   Raji   Fashola   takes   his exit from power     ... 
Between Buhari’s Integrity, “Change” and Jonathan’s Greatest Failing: It is weeks to the swearing-in the presi... 
Kvitova crowned women's champion in Madrid Open: Madrid, May 10 (IANS) Petra Kvitova was crowned as the champi... 
IPL scoreboard: Delhi Daredevils vs Sunrisers Hyderabad: Raipur, May 9 (IANS) The following is the scoreboard ... 
Karrueche Tran shows birthday TBT photo of her touching her friends 'behind' (Photo): Chris Brown's ex, Karrue... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
Tottenham abysmal in all phases in defeat to Stoke: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets in regards to Harr... 
Barca earn 7th-straight clean sheet victory: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelled Barcelona past David Moyes'... 
APC will not mismanage success – Abubakar Audu: Even though he is a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress... 
Practice what you preach at home, Adeboye tells pastors: Jos - The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian ... 
’How S-East will benefit under Buhari govt’: Contrary to the claim that Ndigbo put all their eggs in one baske... 
Aim to empower poor as Tagore wanted: Modi at new schemes launch (Roundup): Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Expressing h... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
Prem: Fellaini -- Man United goal (78'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Marouane Fellaini (78') Crystal Palace 1-2 Ma... 
Prem: Puncheon's free kick equalises for Palace: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jason Puncheon (57') Crystal Palace 1... 
Lyon's Ligue 1 title hopes in tatters after defeat at Caen: The Ligue 1 title is almost in Paris Saint-Germain... 
Bayern Munich flat across the board in home loss to Augsburg: The ESPN FC panel discuss exactly how good a man... 
IGP Warns Officers On Need For Intelligence-Led Policing: The Inspector General of Police has urged officers a... 
Rivers LG Elections: Youth Protest At APC Secretariat: Scores of youths supporting the All Progressives Congre... 
Tony Elumelu To Speak At The White House As Obama Celebrates Emerging Global Entrepreneurs: African business l... 
This is bound to boost the male ego!: Did you know that during orgasm, most of the brain shuts down?  That wit... 
Clerics eulogise Awo’s contribution to national devt: Ven. Sunday Enike, the Archdeacon of Ikenne Archdeaconry... 
Emulate UK party leaders, Gov Aliyu urges PDP leaders to resign: Gov. Babangida Aliyu of Niger on Saturday urg... 
Burnley relegated from Premier League: Burnley were relegated from the Premier League on Saturday despite winn... 
Want to move away from vote-centric politics, empower poor: Modi: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Asserting that the poo... 
RS to pass Bangladesh land boundary accord bill again: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) The Rajya Sabha will once again... 
New schemes saw 5.5 crore enlistments before official launch: Modi: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Prior to the officia... 
New social security schemes launched in Rajasthan: Jaipur, May 9 (IANS) Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Ra... 
Yemen campaign Saudi Arabia's strategic blunder: Iran: Tehran, May 9 (IANS) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani o... 
Reps Leadership: Groups Want Speaker Zoned To Northeast: Youths and Women from the Northern Nigeria, under the... 
Clerics hail Awo’s contribution to national development: The Archdeacon of Ikenne Archdeaconry and Vicar of Ou... 
9 Ways To Protect Yourself In An Abusive Relationship, No. 3 Will Amaze You: There are different meanings of a... 
Aliyu Shames PDP Leaders: You Shouldn’t Be Begged To Resign, But Do It Voluntarily: Babangida Aliyu, Niger sta... 
2.5m Christians to attend Deeper life crusade in Ogun: About 2.5 million people are expected to attend a crusa... 
Osinbajo’s testimony at Redemption Camp: VICE-PRESIDENT-ELECT, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has appreciated Nigerians f... 
Why I shunned appeal to join APC —Onuesoke: Delta State People’s Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Sunny... 
Police IG sets up special unit to protect judges, courts: The Inspector-General of Police, Ag. IGP Solomon Ara... 
India thrash Japan 4-0, win hockey Test Series 3-0: Bhubaneswar, May 9 (IANS) India finally stamped their domi... 
Tents, food still not reaching Nepal quake victims: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) Two weeks after the deadly earthqu... 
Indian Navy's new base commissioned in Porbandar: Porbandar, May 9 (IANS) Adding to the naval infrastructure a... 
10 killed in cargo plane crash in Spain: Madrid, May 9 (IANS) A brand new cargo plane on a test flight crashed... 
Henriques' 74 lifts Sunrisers to 163/4 against Daredevils: Raipur, May 9 (IANS) Moises Henriques' unbeaten kno... 
Prem: Mata -- Man United goal (19'): ENGLISH PREMIER Juan Mata (19')  Crystal Palace 0-1 Manchester United 
Burnley show pride despite being relegated after win over  Hull City: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol recaps a big Satur... 
Student Treks From Kano To Abuja To Protest Alleged Electoral Malpractice In Taraba⁰: The number of professed ... 
Boko Haram survivor graduates from university: Dressed in a red and blue gown and mortar board, Abubakar Umar ... 
Alibaba acquires $56 million stake in US online retailer Zulily: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange ... 
In Seville: At least 5 killed after military plane crashed: It is not clear as at press time how many people w... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
Danny Ings' winner over Hull futile as Burnley relegated: Danny Ings' second-half winner was not enough to sav... 
Burnley relegated as Hull are plunged deep into relegation trouble: Danny Ings ended his goal drought as Burnl... 
Nigerians deported from Niger begin HIV/AIDS screening: The Yobe State Agency for Control of HIV/AIDS on Satur... 
Gov Aliyu backs Fayose urges Mu’azu to resign: Gov. Babangida Aliyu of Niger on Saturday urged leaders of PDP ... 
Ten-man Bayern suffer fourth straight defeat: Ten-man Bayern Munich suffered a moral-sapping fourth straight d... 
Poor turnout mars Lagos Carnival: Poor turnout of people at the 2015 Lagos Carnival marred the event staged on... 
Website Review: Reportam gets reported: Reportam spends its days receiving reports from individuals about cust... 
Boko Haram: Shekau on the run: 'escape may be aided by ISIS' - Military sources:  
Nigerian Interbank Rates Rise On Treasury Bills Sales: Nigeria interbank lending rates rose 3.25 percentage po... 
WHO Declares Liberia Ebola-free: The World Health Organisation (WHO) has declared Liberia free of the dreaded ... 
WHO warns that Ebola might be transmitted sexually: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice... 
Prem: Diouf -- Stoke City goal (86'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Mame Biram Diouf (86') Stoke City 3-0 Tottenham 
Prem: Ings -- Burnley goal (62'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Ings goal (62') Hull City 0-1 Burnley 
Highlights: New England 2-2 Orlando: A late goal from Aurélien Collin secured a point for Orlando on the road ... 
Highlights: Colorado 1-1 San Jose: James Riley's stoppage-time goal snatched a point from the jaws of defeat, ... 
PHOTOS: Colorful Display From Lagos Carnival 2015: The 2015 Lagos Carnival holds today Saturday 9th May. For t... 
Why I Don’t Wear Pant Trousers -Tonto Dikeh: In a report going viral online, Nollywood controversial actress, ... 
BREAKING NEWS: Document Exposes Fraud By PDP, INEC In Rivers Guber Poll: The Rivers State governor-elect, Nyes... 
Photos: Atiku's son, Aliyu graduates from American University of Nigeria: Former VP Atiku Abubakar's son Aliyu... 
Aliyu backs Fayose, asks Mu’azu, others to resign: Governor Babangida Aliyu of Niger State on Saturday urged l... 
I’m going back to school after Villa – Sambo’s wife: Wife of the Vice President, Hajia Amina Sambo, on Saturda... 
Weird Gift: Kids make their mothers take lie detector test as Mothers’ day gift: Watch this video and see moth... 
Vatican: Pope blesses picture of dead sisters: In addition to the pictures is a figurine of Jesus that was als... 
Rahul pays tribute to Tagore: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi paid tribute to Nob... 
Lok Adalat awards over Rs.77 crore to claimants in Delhi: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) A total of 1,680 cases were ... 
Sonia confers G.K. Reddy award on Vinod Mehta posthumously: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Congress president Sonia G... 
India Inc welcomes new social security schemes: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) India Inc on Saturday welcomed the gov... 
Whistle-blower aghast at Himachal CM's attitude (To go with story - Now I'll die in peace: Widow of George Cro... 
Chronic Sympathy or Insanity? Father murders daughter, wife, sister, explains his reason on Facebook: A man to... 
World Bank: $500m Social housing project loan approved for Egypt: The Social housing program launched by the G... 
India accuses Maoist rebels of abducting 250 villagers: Indian officials have accused Maoist rebels of abducti... 
Prem: Ayoze -- Newcastle goal (41'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Ayoze Perez (41') Newcastle 1-1 West Brom 
Prem: N'Zonzi -- Stoke City goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Steven N'Zonzi (32') Stoke City 2-0 Tottenham 
Prem: Anichebe -- West Brom goal (32'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Victor Anichebe (32') Newcastle 0-1 West Brom 
Prem: Cleverley -- Aston Villa goal (31'): ENGLISH PREMIER Tom Cleverley (31')  Aston Villa 1-0 West Ham 
Prem: Adam -- Stoke City goal (21'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Charlie Adam (21') Stoke City 1-0 Tottenham 
Shahid completes '12 years a slave' in Bollywood, thanks fans: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor Shahid Kapoor, who m... 
Belgian varsity honours Tagore with his statue: Brussels, May 9 (IANS) Belgium's most prestigious and largest ... 
Golfer Lahiri misses halfway cut at Players Championship: Ponte Vedra Beach (United States), May 9 (IANS) Indi... 
Environment impacts by accredited agencies only: Javadekar: Chennai, May 9 (IANS) Union Environment and Forest... 
Titan announces top level management changes: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Tata Group firm Titan on Saturday announced... 
Ekiti NMA begins strike to protest doctor, nurse’s kidnap: Nigerian Medical Association has declared an indefi... 
Nigeria is rich, but Nigerians are poor, EU tells Buhari: The European Union (EU) on Saturday urged the Presid... 
Rumor has it...that a popular A-list artist will be a dad next month: I can't mention names because I no take ... 
Syrians worried over Lebanon’s new visa rules: Confusion and fear have gripped the Syrian population residing ... 
Borno establishes 21st IDPs’ camp, houses Nigerien deportees: Borno State Government on Saturday established a... 
Fifa Revises 2018 World Cup Rules: World football governing body, Fifa says abandoned World Cup qualifiers wil... 
Uber: Tech company bids for Nokia Here:  
Robert Peters: Nollywood actor and wife welcome first child in U.S: Nollywood actor, Robert Peters and his wif... 
Tech War Loading: Microsoft draws first blood, takes a swipe at Google: Currently, going by market share, Goog... 
Prem: Dawson heads one off the post (8'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Craig Dawson (8') Newcastle 0-0 West Brom 
Prem: Mahrez -- Leicester goal (7'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Riyad Mahrez (7') Leicester 1-0 Southampton 
Dick Advocaat gives Sunderland lifeline by beating Everton: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first goal for t... 
Mubarak, sons jailed 3 years for corruption:  An Egyptian Court on Saturday sentenced former President Hosni M... 
Michael Schumacher's wife sells off his $40m private jet and holiday mansion as 'he won't use them again': Mic... 
Meeting Buhari: GMB Appreciated Omojuwa’s “Subtle Threat”: How do you fit all the things you want the presiden... 
1999 Constitution Amendments: Reps, Senators Plot To Go Against Supreme Court: The National Assembly appears t... 
Ebola: WHO certifies Liberia free of deadly virus: Liberian President, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said the country ... 
Will Smith: Actor undergoes shooting lessons for 'Suicide Squad': The report further revealed that the officia... 
Drunkicide: Man dies after drinking 56 shots of alcohol: A drinking session went awry recently leading to a ma... 
Caitlin Gallagher: Find out how one woman changed her life and lost 125 Pounds: At age 37, Caitlin Gallagher w... 
Onyeka Onwenu, Patience Ozokwor: Veteran female celebrities at war: While the report further alleged that Onwe... 
Egypt’s Mubarak sons jailed three years for corruption: An Egyptian Court on Saturday sentenced former Preside... 
North Korea ‘test fires’ submarine-launched missile: North Korea says it has successfully test-fired a newly d... 
Airbus military plane crashes in Spain: An Airbus A400M military plane crashed into a field a mile (1.6 km) no... 
Prem: Defoe -- Sunderland goal (85'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Jermaine Defoe goal (85') Everton 0-2 Sunderland 
Honours even after Championship playoff semi between Ipswich and Norwich: Ipswich held Norwich to a 1-1 draw i... 
Sunderland give themselves hope: Sunderland are now 14th after a 2-0 win over Everton thanks to two deflected ... 
Fat or fiction? Dispelling myths: London, May 9 (IANS) Still struggling to come to grips with the notion that ... 
16 injured in Kashmir grenade explosion: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) At least 16 people were injured when militants... 
Pune FC face Bharat FC in derby (Preview): Pune, May 9 (IANS) Pune FC will be keen to claim the bragging right... 
43 prisoners escape, 44 people killed in Iraq jailbreak: Baghdad, May 9 (IANS) Up to 43 inmates escaped from a... 
FPIs ship out as tax issues and below expected results disappoint (Weekly Review): New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Anx... 
WHO declares Liberia Ebola free: The World Health Organisation on Saturday declared Liberia free of Ebola afte... 
Ebola may be sexually transmitted, WHO warns: The World Health Organisation has issued an interim advice on th... 
Farmers tackle Kogi over N100,000 loan: All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Kogi State chapter, on Saturday de... 
Ex-PDP auditor petitions EFCC, demands Chime’s probe for fraud: A former National Auditor of the Peoples Democ... 
Buhari’s Popularity Soars As He’s Spotted Doing This (PHOTO): General Muhammadu Buhari has continued to win th... 
Photo: Blogger Sisi Yemmie and husband welcome baby boy: Popular blogger Yemisi Aiyedun aka Sisi Yemmie, who m... 
Prem: Graham -- Sunderland goal (53'): ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Danny Graham goal (53') Everton 0-1 Sunderland 
Miller, Maxwell take Kings XI to 183/5 against KKR: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A late 11-ball 27 run unbeaten blitz... 
Afghan government retakes district after 10 years of Taliban rule: Kabul, May 9 (IANS) Afghan security forces ... 
18 militants surrender in Afghanistan: Kabul, May 9 (IANS) A total of 18 militants handed over their weapons t... 
Six-pack abs not necessary to deliver hits, says Madhavan: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor R. Madhavan says it's a ... 
Value Indian classical music: Shilpa Rao tells youth: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Having been close to classical Indi... 
How president-elect Buhari can achieve a fair deal for victims of corruption: Today the level of confidence in... 
Court jails, fines Mubarak, sons three years for fraud: An Egyptian court has sentenced ousted President Hosni... 
Fuel Scarcity Worsens In Ogun State: The lingering fuel scarcity in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital has conti... 
For Men: Find out this pre-exhaustion chest workout: If you’re looking to put more size on your chest, look pa... 
Moet Abebe: TV host shows off bikini body: Sharing a throwback picture, Moet shared a bikini picture of hersel... 
Akpos &amp; Company: Florence Onuma, Bolanle Ninalowo star in new comedy sitcom: Shot by Abbey Esho, the new comed... 
In Kano: 4 Chinese nationals arrested for smuggling prohibited textile materials: According to a statement, th... 
UK: Housing market remains strong: This is a healthy sign for investors in the real estate sector in the UK. 
Bengal Chamber delegation to visit Bhutan: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A 15-member delegation of the Bengal Chamber ... 
Court asks APSTRC employees to end strike: Hyderabad, May 9 (IANS) The Hyderabad High Court on Saturday direct... 
Clearance awaited for bulk production of homemade Bofors gun: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Having cleared the summe... 
India rely on singles strength at Sudirman Cup (Preview): Dongguan (China), May 9 (IANS) India will rely on th... 
Ancient jewel-studded vest missing after Nepal quake: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) The search for idols, jewellery,... 
Ebola transmission via sex may be possible, warns WHO: The World Health Organisation (WHO) has issued an inter... 
N100,000 loan grossly inadequate, farmers tell Kogi govt: Lokoja - All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN) K... 
Gaidam restates support for Lawan’s Senate Presidency bid: Yobe State Governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Gaidam, on Satu... 
Indonesian leader insists death penalty ‘positive’ for country: Indonesian President Joko Widodo insisted Satu... 
Uduaghan advocates new value system, diversification of economy: Governor Emmanuel Uduaghan of Delta State on ... 
Media Consultant Sues Alison-Madueke For Image Laundering, Claims N1bn: Minister of Petroleum Resources, Dieza... 
Russia Stages Massive WW2 Parade Despite Western Boycott: As the whole of Europe continues to mark 70 years si... 
Liverpool Players Will Help Mignolet Win Golden Gloves – Skrtel: Liverpool defender, Martin Skrtel, says assis... 
Beauty Trends: Learn about about the rainbow eyebrow look: First it was coloured hair to rainbow coloured hair... 
Uber: Tech company's valuation to rise to $50billion: Sources say Uber is the world’s most highly capitalised ... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President-elect to pay N9bn as allowances to lawmakers, ministers upon assumption of office:... 
Tragic: 27-yr-old graduate declared missing: A 27-year-old graduate who was due for National Service has been ... 
Beauty Inventions: Discover chic flash tatoos rocked by celebrities and more: While permanent tattoos have lon... 
Wooing Bollywood part of J&amp;K's fight against wrong perceptions: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) The Jammu and Kashmir g... 
Tamil Nadu contractors name 10 PWD officials as 'corrupt': Chennai, May 9 (IANS) A contractors' association in... 
PM reaches Kolkata 45 minutes ahead of schedule: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived he... 
I would like to be a child again: Modi: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi ha... 
Helicopter went out of control before landing: Pakistan air chief: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) Pakistan's Air Chie... 
Da Emperor Drops Firewood Ft. Oritshe Femi: Nigerian indigenous rapper, Da Emperor, takes a major step towards... 
Disturbing: Man stabs girlfriend after he was caught sucking her sister's breast: Security operatives attached... 
Spain: Airport X-ray reveals child hidden in a suitcase: Apparently, the boy’s father who lives in Canary Isla... 
Armed Stupidity: Armed robber returns to confirm if jewelry is fake, gets arrested: A Miami man was arrested a... 
DIY Hair Tip: Learn how to get pin curls at home: Pin curls are having a resurgence, as far as retro looks go ... 
Cyber Business: Hack renting portal charges fee to penetrate any account: Hackers on this portal post various ... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
Uduaghan calls for new value system, diversification of economy: Gov. Emmanuel Uduaghan of Delta on Saturday s... 
Akshay will bond with Preity, Upen on 'Nach Baliye 7' (TV Snippets): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Action star Akshay K... 
Why polls got British election wrong: London, May 9 (IANS) Despite a plethora of voter surveys and newspaper a... 
Venezuelan cop jailed for 18 years for protester's death: Caracas, May 9 (IANS) A police officer was sentenced... 
Revitalise skin with water, exercise: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Stay hydrated, exercise regularly and follow ski... 
Braving summer heat, thousands throng religious yatra in Punjab: Talwandi Sabo (Punjab), May 9 (IANS) Braving ... 
Snap Me Up: This alarm will not stop until you take a selfie: This sure is a serious  app that does not take "... 
Tragic: "Lady, 19, may have died from excessive chewing gum" - Inquest: A 19-year-old girl had died due to exc... 
Olusegun Obasanjo: Former President's Foundation in $4.9m money-laundering scandal (watch footage of the deal)... 
Google vs Apple: The war to become the smartest smart-watch: Most young people did not care about watches, but... 
DIY Tips: 1 awesome way to save your jewelries from turning green: Say good bye to your green jewellery proble... 
Shekau Disguises, Flees Nigeria As Military Deploys Special Forces After Him: Amid reports that the Nigeria mi... 
Condition of three SAI athletes stable: Alappuzha, (Kerala) May 9 (IANS) The condition of the three Sports Aut... 
Six injured in Jammu and Kashmir explosion: Srinagar, May 9 (IANS) Six civilians were injured in Jammu and Kas... 
No future in violence: Modi: Dantewada (Chhattisgarh), May 9 (IANS) The future lies in peace and not in violen... 
Pakistan hand Bangladesh huge defeat, win series 1-0: Mirpur, May 9 (IANS) Bangladesh crumbled facing a near i... 
Stolen first edition copy of Marquez masterpiece retrieved: Bogota, May 9 (IANS) The Colombian police have ann... 
Condition of three SAI athletes stable: Alappuzha, (Kerala) May 9 (IANS) The condition of the three Sports Aut... 
Dakore Akande: 'We live in a highly sexualized world,' actress talks about challenges of raising kids: Nigeria... 
Disgraceful: 29-yr-old Nigerian arrested for drug trafficking in Thailand: A Nigerian in Thailand has been arr... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
At C.O.D United, it is ladies first: When the C.O.D United Ladies team was set up only two years ago, the goal... 
Egypt seizes football star Aboutrika’s assets: Egyptian authorities have seized share certificates belonging t... 
Jonathan’s Government And PDP Were All About Filling Stomachs – Keyamo: Following President Goodluck Jonathan’... 
My Greatest Ambition Is To Become The Governor Of Oyo State – 9ICE: Nigerian musician Abolore Akande, popularl... 
Remember the 2 sisters I told y'all about yesterday? They are now in Kirikiri: Yesterday, I told y'all about t... 
India's forex reserves touch new record high: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Depreciation in dollar value and smart inve... 
As global CO2 breaks records, India faces dilemma (Special to IANS): New Delhi, May 9 (IANS/IndiaSpend) During... 
Beyonce: Pop Star slays fashion wise, all week long!: We cant seem to have enough of this hot mum and world re... 
Celebrity Birthday: Oga Bello turns 62: Today, Saturday, May 9, 2015, veteran Nollywood actor, Adebayo Salami ... 
Lagos Carnival 2015: What you must know before hitting the road: DUE to the hosting of the 2015 edition of the... 
Kendall Jenner: Check out reality star's knee-high gladiator stiletto heels: Reality star, Kendall Jenner of t... 
Banky W: EME boss caught 'kissing' Cynthia Morgan: The two were spotted exchanging pleasantries at an event re... 
Is there anything wrong with the way Rita Ora hugged Jay Z from behind?: Photo taken inside the Met Gala. Fans... 
Man stabs girlfriend to death in Bayelsa, attempts suicide: Tragedy struck yesterday at the Agudama suburb of ... 
Irate youths disrupt burial, destroy coffin, injure many in A-Ibom: THE lingering hostility between Adiasim an... 
May 29 Transition: PDP tackles Buhari over promises: The leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, yest... 
Pandemonium in Abeokuta as secondary schools students clash: Pandemonium broke out in Abeokuta when Secondary ... 
What do you guys think of this post by actress Ronke Oshodi Oke: She posted this photo of a random guy she met... 
Photos: 8 year old boy found in suitcase at Spanish border: How can you risk your child's life this way? An 8-... 
Doctor shot dead in Karachi: Islamabad, May 9 (IANS) A homeopathic doctor was killed on Saturday when unidenti... 
Hasina thanks Tripura CM for backing land swap deal: Agartala, May 9 (IANS) Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh H... 
Varun Dhawan shares workout video (Movie Snippets): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Actor Varun Dhawan, who will be next ... 
What British election results mean for science: London, May 9 (IANS) Although not all the political ramificati... 
Now I'll die in peace: Widow of George Cross winner: Shimla, May 9 (IANS) "Now I will die in peace," said octo... 
Imoke Denies Plan To Be PDP National Chairman: Cross River State Governor, Liyel Imoke, has debunked rumours t... 
Dencia: Would you rock singer's designer combo?: The whitenicious princess and singer, Dencia has always been ... 
Exclusive: 50 Cent claims Diddy jacked and copied his concept for 3AM TV Ad: Both rappers and moguls have been... 
Ebube Nwagbo: Actress rocks denim on denim trend to perfection: The denim on denim fashion trend seems to be t... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
30 killed in Iraq jail break: Up to 30 people were killed when the Iraqi security forces thwarted a jail-break... 
Alamieyeseigha On Governorship Ambition: “I Didn’t Forget Anything In Government House”: The former governor o... 
Buhari Supporters Organisation chairman in Delta state kidnapped: Buhari Supporters Organisation (Bso) Chairma... 
Artists from around the world given opportunity to 'Set The Stage' with Africa's biggest acts: After the succe... 
Amber Rose tries to take back what she said about Kanye. Blames it on alcohol: Amber Rose has a gag order not ... 
Russia's Victory Day parade begins: Moscow, May 9 (IANS) The annual Victory Day parade, this year celebrating ... 
Where you live can affect your body weight: New York, May 9 (IANS) Next time you begin house hunting, try for ... 
Fitch warns of foreign funds exodus over retro tax: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) The minimum alternate tax on capital ... 
Goodbye forever to 'Candy Crush' invites on Facebook: New York, May 9 (IANS) Already fed up of annoying app an... 
23 years of 'Khuda Gawah' makes Big B nostalgic: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Amitabh Bachchan-starrer "Khuda Gawah" c... 
President Jonathan Sends Birthday Wishes To Shonekan, Nwobodo: President Goodluck Jonathan has felicitated wit... 
Daily Horoscope - Saturday, May 9th, 2015: What your Zodiac sign says today: Here's a short forecast for the 1... 
Love Horoscope - Sunday May 10th ,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your love life today: Discover how to... 
Luis Enrique looks to exorcise the ghost of Real Sociedad in treble chase: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says... 
Laurent Blanc happy with PSG determination in big win: Paris Saint-Germain manager&amp;nbsp;Laurent Blanc wants to... 
Sound Sultan finally gets his 2k retweets: The singer finally got his 2k retweets but not before Nigerians dra... 
THE CHIKE SISTERS- OLANMA DISCOVERY (4): Maybe… scratch that and focus, girl.  Nma shook her head and looked a... 
Career Horoscope- Sunday May 10th ,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your career today: This reading will... 
Health Horoscope- Sunday May 10th ,2015: What your zodiac sign says about your health today: The daily reading... 
In Imo: Civil defence officers shoot 20 Napep riders, many injured: Report says the ‘Keke’ riders were protest... 
Daily Devotional - May 9: When your fears limit your success (Part 3): The bible assures us that we are conque... 
Muhammadu Buhari: President elect’s special thanksgiving Jumat: You will recall that Muhammadu Buhari was a to... 
Etcetera doesn't think Dangote can afford to buy Arsenal football club: Dangote is worth about $15.7 billion a... 
Canadian man claims triple homicide on Facebook: Canadian police are investigating what appears to be a murder... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Man City need to find another Lionel Messi: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini insis... 
Louis van Gaal fined us for being one minute late for lunch, says Fellaini: Marouane Fellaini has revealed tha... 
Tension Overturned As Amaechi Assures Wike Reign Of Governance On May 29: Against reports of a rising tension ... 
“Nigeria Needs 700,000 Houses Every Year” – World Bank: The Chief Executive Officer of Ecotrends Nigeria Limit... 
Are You A Business Owner? Then You Should Read This: As Nigeria businesses aim to meet up with the standards o... 
Mexico gunmen wound ex-police chief: Hitmen shot and seriously wounded on Friday the controversial former poli... 
Photo: Another Nigerian soldier dies: Lieutenant MI Musa was killed in action yesterday. May his soul rest in ... 
Table Tennis: NSC Assures Players Of Development Plan: The Acting Director-General of the National Sports Comm... 
MC Galaxy Breakthrough Album Competition: Mc Galaxy has just released his new album breakthrough which is sold... 
Court of enquiry to look into MiG crash: Kolkata, May 9 (IANS) A court of enquiry will evaluate the damage fol... 
Abu Dhabi Film Festival discontinued after eight editions: Abu Dhabi, May 9 (IANS) The Abu Dhabi Film Festival... 
Jay Z, Beyonce buy $2.6 mn estate in New Orleans: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Rapper-record producer Jay Z and w... 
Finch expects early return to cricket: Melbourne, May 9 (IANS) Injured Australian opener Aaron Finch is planni... 
Upbeat Mumbai face RCB challenge in IPL (Preview): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Having beaten table-toppers Chennai Su... 
In Abeokuta: Pensioners accuse FG of spending their dues on Jonathan's campaign: The retirees said more than 2... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Mariah Carey suffers wardrobe malfunction on stage: 45 year old Mariah Carey suffered an accidental wardrobe m... 
Will you rock Kendall Jenner's knee-high gladiator boots? (Photos): Kendall Jenner stepped out in these knee-h... 
Guatemalan vice president resigns amid corruption scandal: Guatemalan President Otto Perez announced his vice ... 
Woman finds out her Twins are born to different Dads: A woman in New Jersey only discovered that her twins hav... 
Australian teenager arrested in Melbourne ‘bomb plot’: Police arrested a 17-year-old and accused him of plotti... 
Momoh Lauds Buhari, Reveals What President-elect Will Do To Elected Officials Who Defy The Law: With barely 20... 
Pulse TV VOX POP: What if you find out your girlfriend once made a sex tape?: A sex tape makes some like Kim K... 
Shashi Kapoor to receive Dadasaheb Phalke award on Sunday: Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) Veteran actor Shashi Kapoor wi... 
India to gift Bodhi Tree sapling to China, Mongolia: Patna, May 9 (IANS) India will gift a sapling of the sacr... 
Couple killed for witchcraft in Bihar: Patna, May 9 (IANS) An elderly couple has been killed by their neighbou... 
House Speakership: Tinubu’s candidate faces fierce battle with Dogara: Twenty days to the   inauguration of th... 
NAFDAC raises alarm over quality of  packaged water: THE National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and ... 
Jonathan govt, PDP was all about filling their stomachs –  Keyamo: The first thought that would have come to m... 
Saudi Arabia says Yemen ceasefire dependent on rebels: Saudi Arabia says a humanitarian ceasefire it has annou... 
No preferred candidate for Senate presidency, says APC: The All Progressives Congress on Friday said it had no... 
Ensure genuine reconciliation, Mark tells Buhari: Senate President, David Mark, on Friday urged the President-... 
Modi to unveil social security schemes in Kolkata: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi will l... 
Women! Don't get 'thinspired' on Facebook: New York, May 9 (IANS) Viewing images of extremely thin women on Fa... 
Next-generation tele-operated robots can be hacked: Washington, May 9 (IANS) If you feel that your car's remot... 
Key Indian equity index ends tad higher amid volatile trading (Weekly Roundup): Mumbai, May 9 (IANS) A key Ind... 
Warm Saturday in Delhi: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) It was a warm Saturday morning in the national capital with th... 
He’s not interested in sex anymore: Breaking up is hard to do, especially when you are the one left wondering ... 
At what age could a woman be having the time of her life?: 1 6-A YEAR after her first kiss, at an average age ... 
Buhari’s ministers, lawmakers to get N9bn housing, furniture allowance: Senators and members of the House of R... 
Nepal earthquake: Death toll climbs to 7,912: Kathmandu, May 9 (IANS) The death toll following the devastating... 
Enyimba just big in name —Giwa Coach: Giwa FC head coach, Tony Bolus has said his side will not comeback empty... 
We’re in the mood to shock you  …..Kwara Utd warn Abia Warriors: Kwara United head coach,Tunde Abdulrahman has... 
Madonna and daughter wore matching outfits to MET after party (photos): 56 year old Madonna wore leather hotpa... 
Modi pays tributes to Gopal Krishna Gokhale: New Delhi, May 9 (IANS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday ... 
2015 Carnival: Lagos issues traffic advice to motorists on road diversion: DUE to the hosting of the 2015 edit... 
I’ll soon return to reclaim my No 1 slot — Lobi goalie: Lobi Stars first choice goalkeeper, Terkaa Melai has e... 
Miss Zimbabwe may lose crown over nude photo allegations: A year after her predecessor quit over a similar sca... 
‘Gift of grace – A sibling’s bond’ was a brainchild of that death in DUBAI!: I remember we saw him at Christma... 
My ultimate ambition is to be governor of Oyo State — 9ICE: I’ve learnt that songs are spiritual, and we as ar... 
Zidane gets coaching license: Paris, May 9 (IANS) Former French international Zinedine Zidane has been granted... 
Orlando City score two late goals to draw with New England Revolution: Aurelien Collin scored in the 90th minu... 
Khloe Kardashian shows off her hour glass shape (photo): Khloe shared this photo of herself working out in the... 
Adesuwa Onyenokwe: Empowering women through the power of the media: ‘women are good managers because by nature... 
Rio 2016 doping lab set for WADA approval: Rio de Janerio, May 9 (IANS) Brazil's doping control laboratory in ... 
Australian teenager charged with terror plot: Melbourne, May 9 (IANS) A 17-year-old Australian boy was charged... 
Nadal progresses to Madrid Open semis: Madrid, May 9 (IANS) Home favourite Rafael Nadal eased into the semi-fi... 
WATCH: Wondolowski's tidy finish: San Jose's Chris Wondolowski rounds Colorado goalkeeper Clint Irwin to slot ... 
Of dating sites and faceless lovers: While on a visit to my younger brother’s place two weeks ago, a couple of... 
Justin Bieber not dating Shanina Shaik: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Singer Justin Bieber and model Shanina Shaik... 
Goodluck Jonathan: President congratulates UK Prime Minister on election victory: Having won a clear majority ... 
We are ready for handover don’t panic, Amaechi tells Wike: The Rivers State Governor, Mr Chibuike Amaechi, has... 
It’s a disgrace for Igbo to beg Buhari for appointments — Ohanaeze: “As far as the politics of Nigeria is conc... 
Mayweather:  I was called  a wingless  chicken: “Turn the tables — if he would have fought the same type of fi... 
B-I-Z-A-R-R-E How 19-yr-old drop-out hypnotizes women with strange ring: Detectives attached to Nsukka Area Co... 
IGP sets up monitoring teams to check police performance: Acting Inspector-General of Police, Solomon Ehigiato... 
Pentagon ups alert level at military bases in US: Washington, May 9 (IANS/EFE) The Pentagon decided to raise t... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
If Buhari does not step on toes he will fail – Nkire: Though he belongs to the Board of Trustees of the All Pr... 
I’ll allow LGs to manage own funds — El-Rufai: Kaduna state Governor-elect, Malam Nasir El-Rufa’i, says his go... 
Funke Etti: 'I love opening my cleavage because like looking provocative,' Yoruba actress speaks: Speaking fur... 
Tyga finds Kylie more mature than most adults: Los Angeles, May 9 (IANS) Rapper Tyga reportedly thinks 17-year... 
The freshers guide to campus life: The sad fate of students, who have been unable to complete their tertiary e... 
Mayweather: I won’t fight Pacquiao again: Floyd Mayweather says he will not fight Manny Pacquiao again after b... 
House maid hacks master to death in Enugu: A 65-year-old beer parlour operator, Agnes Elue residing at No 293B... 
Pacquiao’s undoing was worrying about being countered  —Mayweather’s dad: I felt that Floyd was playing with h... 
Day Africa Magic feted movie stars in Enugu: Africa Magic, the continent’s leading provider of world class Afr... 
Inter open door for Balotelli return: Inter Vice-President Javier Zanetti has opened the door to Mario Balotel... 
Nobody can defend against Messi – Moyes: Real Sociedad head coach David Moyes has followed Pep Guardiola in cl... 
Uruguay can cope without Suarez– Forlan: Uruguay must look to minimize the impact of Luis Suarez’s absence at ... 
Arsenal won’t sell Walcott – Wenger: Arsene Wenger said he is confident Theo Walcott will sign a new contract ... 
It’s my time to honour Gerrard – Mourinho: Jose Mourinho has paid tribute to Steven Gerrard ahead of the Liver... 
North Korea test-fires strategic ballistic missile: Pyongyang, May 9 (IANS) North Korea has successfully test-... 
2016: Olympics: Mali pull out of Falcons clash: Nigeria on Friday sealed their place in the next round of the ... 
Stakeholders decry state Lagos stadium gyms: Stakeholders have decried the state of the gymnasiums at the Nati... 
We’re ready for Shooting Stars – Sunshine: Sunshine Stars defender Mutiu Adegoke says he expects a tough match... 
