Considering recent events i feel this needs a comeback. 
oh no, perez has a child. this can't end well.
there's still a little bit of one there but eh
it's just so irritating bcus now i'm gonna have to explain what the lump was like rather than just showing her
or i'd rather a filling than a root canal
i'd rather a filling than lose the tooth ngl
and i can mention where i think i'm gonna need a filling too, she mentioned it during my last check up so...
and she can let me know if i need to get my wisdom teeth pulled.
i suppose at least i can mention it and she can x-ray it and see what's going on.
the fucking lump on my gum has gone now that's great fucking great
david criticising ed omf laughing
'so ur pansexual?'
:-)
'sexually attracted to pans?'
&gt;:-)
i am so ready to see all the kingsman deleted scenes jesus fucking cHRST
i don't even think they sell them in sizes small enough for me bcus they're "men's" shoes ew ew
i just realised eggsy had those fucking adidas wing shows that i've always wanted i'm going to cry
THANK YOU  BRAD BIRD THANK YOU I LOVE YOU
Writer/Director Brad Bird Officially Back For THE INCREDIBLES 2 
i'm a fucking mess 
i just hope it doesn't mess with my plans.
i'm hoping she can tell me if something is wrong tomorrow, and give me antibiotics if needed.
got an appointment with the dentist tomorrow. as much as i hate going i want this shit sorted jfc.
trying to keep myself awake in the hopes that i can just pass out despite the pain
95% positive it's some sort of infection which fucking sucks bcus then i'll have to take antibiotics and i can take meds uguugh
never though i'd hope for a dentist appointment.
but uuuugh it's really starting to bother me rn, i hope i can get an appointment next week some time.
i suppose i should just be glad that this tooth problem thing whatever didn't start when i was in uni
why do teeth have to exist? i hate teeth. i want them gone. give me dentures. now.
but yeah, i'm gonna have to see if i can get to the dentists next week.
and it's just sort of irritating, it's not actually that painful thankfully.
i keep hitting it which is probably making it worse.
ok the lump where my wisdom tooth got bigger so fuck, yep, defo gonna have to get it extracted.
you say not to vote and then tell people to vote labour when it's too late and i'm just who the fuck even are you?
I'M FUCKING LAUGHING THOUGH HE THOUGH HE WAS ACTUALLY IN WITH POLITICS DUDE YOU ARE FUCKING NOTHING
he's a giant twat, that's all i know. get him gone.
russel brand is stepping away from politics? i didn't even realise he was at all relevant when it came to politics anyway...
Start off small though bcus I'll probably pass out or something, ha!
I'm thinking of going for at least a double helix in one ear. I want more than one.
@sianmitchell_ I don't think lobe piercings look that good on me now anyway, helix all the way! <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
@sianmitchell_ had mine done twice when I was pretty young, before hs, with a gun and I've just got scar tissues there and it makes me sad <DISAPPOINTED FACE>
@sianmitchell_ I'll have a little look! I hate that I got my lobes done with guns, wouldn't dream of having them near me again!
@sianmitchell_ i really wanna! i wouldn't even know the first place to look though. everywhere looks sketchy...
And I wouldn't know the first place to go that wouldn't fuck me up.
I'm just really worried it's gonna turn out shit or get infected or something.
I'd prefer them to lobe piercings any day.
I would really, really love to get my helix pierced. Like, really bad.
Bcus I have some fake ones and I think they look fucking great. I want them. I want something.
I'd love to have the tops of my ears done.
I might just go for piercings in the cartilage or something at some point. I don't think I can get my lobes done again. Which sucks.
I wish I could wear earrings but I don't think I can get them done again.
I had my ears pierced twice when I was younger, they closed up both times, and now I've got scar tissue and I hate it rn.
i'm still crying at "gal pals" every time
i'm so ready to play it
I JUST PREORDERED THE STARFIGHTER VISUAL NOVEL
I CAN PREORDER THE STARFIGHTER VISUAL NOVEL
i'm watching black books again and i completely forgot about how much of a dick jason is
I fully understand voting SNP, I voted Plaid after all.
Even if no one in Scotland had voted SNP the Conservatives still would have one. Don't bother arguing about it.
gonna take some paracetamol, watch some shows, and get a an early appointment with the dentist next week
my bottom right widsom tooth is really bothering me now, it actually hurts. this sucks.
I was watching Joel play Cubivors and is this not the cutest fucking thing ever??? 
holy shit my sfw has already been approved wow that's a fucking record there
kept my t-shirts out so they won't get too creased. but all my socks and essential etc are packed.
literally almost got everything packed for my trip that i'm not going on for two weeks. i'm so anxious when it comes to travelling jfc.
i'm still waiting to be able to buy the starfighter visual novel

sad sad
ok ok ok i'm gonna get back into breaking bad tonight ok ok i will good done
Yes, all political parties are shit in the end, but fucking vote anyway. Lesser of two evils, right?
But it's so irritating. Just show me my full breakdown!
I know I defo said no to the Loan though, and that's not on my breakdown. So the grant should be automatic.
Which makes me worry forever and ever until I get my letter bcus I'm worried I haven't said yes.
Once again SFW doesn't show that I've applied for the Tuition Grant bcus I don't apply for the Tuition Loan.
"And then put your lips on her cheek and make that 'kissing' sound. That's right... Nice and human" 
If you didn't vote then you're worse than those who voted Conservative imo. Fuck all of you.
That's brilliant. Great day for Britain. Congrats.
So, Cons have won then. Ok.

#GE2015
It was expected in a way though. Those that would benefit from Lab rule don't vote, simple as that.
Here's some screencaps for those interested. 
How the hell did the conservatives get so many votes in Wales?
I'm fucking terrified for Jena's future. Hopefully someone else will be in charge by the time she's in Uni.
They better not fuck with the tuition fees while I'm still here.
After the past five years you'd think people qould be smart and not vote conservative, jfc.
Look at how fucking ridiculous this is? 
Ok, it's late, I'll check the final vote in the morning!
Labour got their seat in my constituency, as I knew they would.
a big thanks to everyone who voted for @Plaid_Cymru today. 
#Ymlaen #Plaid15 #GE2015 
ok this is taking forever so i'm just going to watch black books and check back in on the votes after a couple of eps
Conservatives have their first seat. Uh oh.
64% turnout for voting in my town. That's more than last time tbh.
labour get another oooooone!
labour up another seat!
some of the results aren't expected until tomorrow morning wtf that's insane and so not fair i don't want to stay up all night
i can't believe the turnout was that low
labour have their first seat!
I could have just not voted, but I didn't, I went and chose who I wanted. That's what matters.
The way I see it, unless I voted for Labour my family would have said I'd just voted Cons in anyway. At least I made a choice.
I'd rather eat my own face, Mason style, than talk to you again.
Well, not painkillers, the other stuff. Happy gas.
I'm scared to get them pulled purely bcus idk what I'm gonna day when I'm high of my mind on painkillers.
Just checked in the mirror with a light and yep, my bottom wisdom teeth are coming through and I'm pretty sure they're gonna get impacted.
Thought the TT for Bad Blood was for Bastille. I'm disappointed.
It's likely that Labour will win here anyway, I wanted someone different.
Ok, wasn't so bad. They said at least I voted rather than not and then complaining.
Got told my vote was wasted and then they talked about me getting a job for ages. Kinda sucked.
#IVoted #plaid15 Yay for me!
I wish i had just walked there earlier but Nanny said she'd take me.
I just don't know where I'm going or what I'm doing and I know there will be signs and stuff but uuuuugh. I'm scared.
friend: no
me: HE
wife: no
me: MUST BE
wife: please
me: TUR…
Feel all panicky about going to vote bcus I have no idea what I'm supposed to do and I'm scared.
It's probably going to get impacted and ugh ugh ugh.
Feels like there's some sort of soft lump/swelling/puffy gums over where my wisdom tooth is.
And I'm scared shws going to want to go and then she'll get there and want to come home.
Tbh I'd give it to her.
And I know if she said she didn't want to go my Mum would be pissed bcus she wouldn't get the money back.
And I'm fucking terrified she's going to get lost and fuck fuck fuck.
Bcus I don't want her to get upset or get homesick or not have anyone to hang around with.
My sister is supposed to go in a trip for a few days soonish I think and I'm terrified.
i love the block feature
i like how they assumed i'd not read the manifesto. i'm not a fucking moron, i've read all of the main ones???
oh my god why #WhyImVotingUkip 
#WhyImVotingUkip Because I'm a fucking moron.
It's amazing how anyone can take UKIP seriously.
I was a bit worried about that TT but omf, they're such a joke now, it's absolutely hilarious.
i am basically bernard black this is it this will be my life i'll get a little book shop and hate life
oh my god this just gets better the more i look at it 
I'M CRYING
Gerald: No, he's our son. 

Bernard: Oh thank god. I thought you had a disease! It's a child!
Of course Whedon isn't going to admit he left bcus of the whole feminist thing.
1. Note what the Daily Mail suggests. 
2. Do the opposite. 
Actually, probably not a bad rule for …


i love black books so much
BERNARD IS FUCKING WITH THE SKINHEADS AND I'M LITERALLY CRYING
i'm just so upset rn i'm ugh i just hope she has a nice day tomorrow.
so i'm trying to tell her it'll be ok. despite my general awkwardness i still made friends!
bcus i'm an introvert it didn't really bother me? not being friends with loads of people i mean. it really bothers my sister.
i hated school but i never had it that bad tbh, there were a few dicks here and there but i just kept my head down.
i'm just so upset, she was crying on the way to school this morning and i'm just? ??? ? ugh. i hate not being able to make things better.
i'm gonna keep telling her that it's only a few months and she'll be rid of it all but idk.
and her teacher is a bullying piece of shit.
she's in fucking primary school, she shouldn't feel like this.
i'm hoping when she goes to high school she'll find a good set of friends and just work through it
my sister is eleven and she hates school and her classmates are dicks and her teachers are just as bad and i'm so angry and upset
i'm just scared there's going to be people and they'll judge and idk what i'm supposed to do and guuugh
anxiety is the worst.
i've never voted before, i'm already feeling awful anxiety. i'll be there no longer than five minutes. i hate this.
fuck it, i'm gonna do it. i'll watch breaking bad from tomorrow onwards.
i'm feeling the sudden urge to rewatch black books. fucking fantastic show.
you took the piss like a fucking child, zayn had every right to be a dick back.
louis, babe, you know you're doing better than them. they likely know it too. was the comment necessary?
i can't believe this whole shit with louis and zayn and naughty boy is actually happening.
it's a bit different when you live somewhere besides england bcus we have plaid cymru or the snp or whoever to vote for.
my age difference kink came about from the batman and robin film don't judge
looks good that ukip don't have a tt at least, but most people who'd vote for them likely don't use twitter anyway...
so fucking childish. just move on!
louis, babe, what are you doing? like, really, what are you even doing?
Gonna play as a beautiful badass called Roxy bcus Kingsman is my life and Roxy is a gift.
I'm just going to play as a complete dickhead in this playthrough and I'm gonna kill everyone I can.
i could really play some fallout rn
I think tonight I'm gonna get back into watching BB. Fucking finally.
Literally going to have cheeseburger and chips rn. This will be my breakfast. Yep.
Officially finished my second year (unless i need to rrsot something...). Yay!
Tbh I might vote for them?? Bcus the chances are Labour are going to win anyway so I might as well vote for who I want.
I'll have to check their manifesto...
Plaid Cymru have a chance? I could go for them.
Looking at all these stats for my town, it's all crap.
It's all balls.
Green certainly aren't going to win over here anyway.
Bcus somehow this town has always been a Labour town, so they're likely to win. But I want to make sure UKIP don't???
But idk, voting Green would just give UKIP a chance to get more seats and beat Labour?
Still tempted to vote Green. Labour are still bollocks over here.
I think I'll leave around quarter to just to get some extra time.
lrt that fucking ruins me bcus he's looking at steeeeeeeve
Me: 
But I will be finished with my second year by 10:20am today!
I wish I hadn't agreed to go in an hour early now.
I really fucking miss In The Flesh.
didn't realise anyone still cared eEEEYYYYYYY
why is jkr apologizing for killing fred exactly?
now that's over with i'm so happy! one demo and i'm legit done!
and he asked me stuff during my presentation and it felt goooooood
there's this older guy in my class who i don't find attractive physically but mentally he is hot as fuck
Was going to do my finance but the site seems to be down. Amazing.
One day leeeeft!
I can't believe I got through that talk.
Getting spoilt this week! Dinner on Thursday too!
Out for KFC with the motherr now.
My little talk thing went fine! Thankfully!
I am fucking terrified. I feel like I'm going to puke any minute now and my chest hurts and fuck fuck fuck.
I really don't fucking think I can do this. At all. I feel sick.
I have to go in ok I don't want to miss out on this 10% but I just don't think I can.
Revenge of the Fifth.
lrt is the hottest thing
I'm up super early and I can't go in I can't I can't I can't I can't.
How old are the Olsen twins now???
I still don't think i can do it.
I have no idea how I'm getting through tomorrow.
i love bob's burgers so much. that made me feel so much better, even if it was only for twenty minutes.
bob time
could they make any worse decisions in these remakes?
Oh my god, the guy they want to play Pennywise in the It remake looks like a fucking idIOT, HOLY SHIT.
I COMPLETELY FORGOT ABOUT BOB OK I'M GONNA GO WATCH THAT IN A MIN
i'm gonna hate life until it's done
but as it is i don't know if my topic is interesting and it might just be complete bullshit and ughug uh
i don't think i'd feel so bad about the presentation if i'd managed to get to my review
it's not like i'm a fan of dc but holy shit how bad does the suicide squad look fucking lol
why, bro?
FATHER GABE/DEATON I AM CRYING
OH MY GOD
but holy shit what the actual fuck like no i'm not prepareeeeed
but yeah, just get through tomorrow. then i've got a demo and i'm done. then dinner with nanny and uncle which will be great.
ok tmi but i'm gonna have to strip bcus jfc i am burning up here
I'm hoping I feel better by then.
I'm just gonna try and get through tomorrow.. I'll be there two whole hours is the thing, even if I only talk for five minutes.
is teen wolf even still a thing?
i'm really not fucking ready for tomorrow at all i really don't think i'm going to be able to make myself go
I should watch Bob's Burgers.
I mean, I'm fucking terrified for tomorrow. It would make sense.
Also, maybe it's anxiety/stress that's causing this motion sickness feeling? Like, my headache and I feel naseaus and stuff?
Dean/Aaron is my new jam.
I LITERALLY JUST GOT SHIVERS AND OH MY GOD ELIZABETH DIANA YES
ELIZABETH DIANA
DIANA
Bcus then I'm on my last year and doing my dissertation and oh, oh shit.
I'm going to be so happy once tomorrow is over. Then it's just a demo on Wednesday and I'm literally done? Fucking scary.

I just want tomorrow over with.
And I've had a headache to end all headaches since yesterday morning.
I'm pretty sure I ship Dean with every male character besides Cas and Sam, despite them (somehow) being the most popular.
Fucking terrified for tomorrow still.
May the 4th be with you.
The beard is hot though.
Obvs Chris is attractive but Seb is waaaaaaay more my type. Chris kinda does nothing for me physically.
But yeah, I need to lie down.
Then a demo on the Wednesday. Going for dinner with my Nanny and Uncle on the Thursday so I'm gonna have to vote in the morning.
Still not ready for Tuesday. Just need to keep telling myself it's only five minutes.
Tucking Jen in then I'm gonna lie down bcus holy shit it's like my head is pounding.
You know that headache feeling you get when you're travel sick? I've had that since we drove to the garden centre this morning.
"yeah hang on one second" 
And I'm in a Phlint mood.
I'm still scared for Tuesday.
We got fish!
Still terrified about Tuesday. Gonna try though bcus it's the last thing before I finish. Might as well for 10%.
abandoned wips are the worst
i always go back and read the kurtofsky ims again but it always makes me so sad when i get to the end
I am 94% Labour. Which political party do you side with?  
*laughs* 
I can't take anyone who likes UKIP seriously.
while i'm still this nervous i can't relax enough to watch something like that
got the discussion on tuesday and the demo on wednesday and i'm done so i can relax then
i'm gonna go back to watching breaking bad on wednesday once i've finished uni ok ok
I'm uploading it now just so it's over with and even if I don't go in she still has that.
idk idk i just really don't think i can do it in a room full of people even if i am just sat down
I've made a Powerpoint anyway, just something small. We only get about two minutes to talk each so??
It's 10% of my grade which isn't much but I'm just so scared I'll fail if I don't go.
I'm literally fucking terrified.
I really, really, really don't think I can go in and do my Resp Comp discussion thing.
I got a can. Still no flies. Pretty sure I have to use turnips. What a waste of 20,000 bells.
This fucking game.
You know what, fuck it. I'm just gonna get the ordinance back and then get some turnips on Sunday to rot.
This fly is going to cost me 20,000 bells. What bollocks.
I had to cancel my Beautiful Town ordinance in NL last night just so I can get a piece of trash to catch a fly.
Is it acceptable for me to have pizza at 11am? I mean, it's almost lunch time.
Also, yeah, I finally got an Instagram bcus why not and idk I'm just following Seb really but hit me up!
I'm conflicted.
The part of me that wants the Conservatives and UKIP to lose wants me to vote Labour, the sane part of me wants to vote Green.
THANK YOU @Hamlet_Machine. TODAY IS A GLORIOUS DAY. 
MY COMICS ARE HERE
@ZoeEchelonH  
@ZoeEchelonH nOPE
me: 
WHAT IF SHE E ATS MY VIRGINA
@ZoeEchelonH  
Terrifying thought of my Mum opening my parcel and finding comics of gay guys having sex in space. Awesome.
Gonna try and get my finance done over the weekend finally just so that's done too.
Finished and submitted all my work, parcel and just ugh. Best day me thinks!
also white people: american sniper touched my heart chris kyle is a hero endles…
Picking Jen up then I'm off home!
Now that I've submitted everything I'm so much more relaxed jfc.
My Mum picked up a parcel for me anyway and that's the only thing I'm waiting for.
BEST DAY EVER
I THINK MY COMICS CAME
Submitted all my work! A demo next week (and maybe a discussion if I can work myself up to it) and I'm done for the year!
Gonna do one final check before that.
But I'm defo gonna submit my programming today I think. No point in keeping it around of it's all done.
Whether I can work myself up to uploading it is a different matter.
So I'll do that today and submit it. Went over my Resp Comp paper last night so that's all ready to be uploaded.
I don't want John failing me for it.
Realised I'm gonna have to change my equation around a bit bcus I gave a copy to Steph.
I would not want to be Steph ngl, she's kinda got a lot of stuff to do.
I am awake. Gonna have to leave in an hour or so.
And then you won't have to hear me go on about this shit all the time, eyy.
Bcus I'll submit both tomorrow and then I have a demo next week and that's it?? So good.
Then I'm literally finished basically?
Got my Programming stuff up on Moodle ready for me to click that submit button so that's all good. Will do them at the same time.
I figure if I upload it tomorrow while I'm at Uni if anything goes wrong I can just ask Denise.
I'm gonna check over my Resp Comp essay so it's ready to be submitted, but I still don't think I can do it.
Gives me chance to look over anything tomorrow that I think might be off.
I've uploaded my work as a draft, I'll submit it tomorrow or something I think.
KLINGON IS COMING TO DUOLINGO
With Resp Comp everything I've written could be complete bullshit tbh.
I'm so much more confidant with this module though bcus it either works or it doesn't.
and then i can just focus on resp comp tomorrow and i'm done
i'm tempted to upload it right now tbh just to get it over with
holy shit i've actually finished all my programming stuff and it all works holy shit
holy fucking shit i actually got it all working jesus fucking christ i am literally god at this point
nope, none of the other test results work. ew.
at least the program works with the first set of data points, idk if the others will work.
OH MY GOD I DID IT I FIXED MY CODE HOLY SHIT
So, help Steph, submit Resp Comp, then submit Programming by Friday. Good plan. Still scared though.
I'm much more relaxed now that the project is over.
Pretty sure I ship James/Teddy more than any other HP ship. Fight me.
One of which I might just not even go to bcus I can't work myself up to it.
Then I'm done apart from my two little things next week.
So I'll fix programming tonight, help Steph tomorrow and then just submit everything in the afternoon.
So yeah. Ugh, I really wanted to ask him for help.
I'll try and fix my programming today I think.
Ok so we can meet up later in the day and I can do my work at home.
I like her but jfc I feel like I'm doing all her code for her.
I'm still going to have to go in bcus Steph wants help, ugh.
I'll just try and figure it out before Friday.
Ugh, fuck this.
I have one fucking line of code that doesn't work and now I can't get help.
Are you actually serious? My programming tutor has meetings tomorrow so isn't having a class????
I have some ideas for my dissertation but???? Idk, they might all be dumb.
One deadline tomorrow, one Friday. I can fucking do tHIS.
I'm just so ready to finish. Last teaxhing day tomorrow. One lecture, help Steph, then that's it.
I'm all panicky and ew, I hate it.
Probably just gonna submit my work tomorrow but idk I might feel up to it later. I just can't rn.
I just need to get everything finished so im not stressed anymore.
Hopefully will get to finish my programming stuff tomorrow and I'll be fucking done.
I know I haven't copied but I dont like it bcus what if it says I have copied and then I get kicked out??? Hate.
Turnitin is so stressful.
I want to submit my work so it's not late and all that but idk idk I'm scared. I might just do it in Uni tomorrow.
Marzia and Felix are so fucking adorable, I am so sad.
And idk if I can submit my essay today. I'm so nervous.
I cha playing it again today.
Fuck this game.
My 3DS dies when you hit it on the bottom and I just caught a rare fish and put the DS down and it died.
Still no comics. I am disappointed.
I'm too scared to check and upload my paper so I'll leave it for now.
Still super tempted not to go to the Resp Comp thing ngl.
Should have my programming finished by tomorrow hopefully! Then I've got a demo and a discussion next week and that's it!
Just programming tomorrow, gonna help Steph a bit more.
Gonna go home, check my Resp Comp report, submit it then relax.
Project demo was fine! Nige said we've passed it. Basically agreed that the boys were useless. Sweeeet.
But today is literally going to be awful. I don't want to go in.
I can't wait for today to be over bcus then I'm basically done for the week. One lecture tomorrow is nothing.
I'm not looking forward to today.
Ed Balls
Today is going to be one long fucking day.
I don't want to get up, I don't want Resp Comp, I don't want to do my project demo, I don't want to help Steph.
I spent less than that on all the others ones I got on Steam. That's why I want them on Steeeeam, bcus sales!
It would cost me £40 for those three games. Fuck.
i'm gonna see how much they are on the official site.
i literally have all the games before silent spy. i need all of them. now. please.
i don't think you understand my love for nancy drew.
i need silent spy, shattered medallion, labyrinth of lies and sea of darkness (which isn't out yet).
sitting down and watching something isn't distracting enough, only video games work.
i've just been so fucking stressed and scared that i haven't been able to relax enough to do anything like that.
and get back into watching breaking bad.
once i've finished next week, aka once i've finished my second year of uni, i'm gonna get the nancy drew games and the starfighter story.
i might just get them from somewhere else, i need my nancy drew fix.
i'm very upset bcus steam is now three nancy drew games behind.
i'm half way through two hartwin fics and i really just wanna reread some drarry fics or something help
i am feeling so much mcchekov love rn jfc
Zhu - Dj Snake - Dj Mustard "Faded 2.0" is my jaaaam. I've listened to it basically none stop these past few days.
lrt today is a sad day
We had a good run, but this is where I leave you. Thank you for braving the Boston winter with me. I miss you al…
How is it 2pm already?
I'm just gonna ignore her message.
I didn't particularly like her in school anyway, never mind college. And wr haven't talked in, like, two years??? Go away.
It'll be about her birthday and fuck that, I'm not doing anything or going anywhere or getting anything for you. Leave.
I don't want fucking anything to do with you you annoying piece of shit. We're not friends anymore. Go away.
Oh ew, someone I used to be friends with in high school who I haven't really talked to since then has messaged me.
Isn't it actually a thing where you're not supposed to say who you vote for?
So me.
"Again? We've been doing this for hours!"

"You've been doing it for 45 seconds."

#BobsBurgers
I'm still fucking bricking it though, I really don't want to do it.
It's not even really a talk, you summarise your paper to her and everyone has to discuss is?
I actually want to ask Denise if I can do my talk on the Wednesday bcus I have a demo that day (and less people are in eyy).
Two days this week, two next week. It's ok. I can do this.
I hope anyway. I just want to finish. I'm so ready for this year to end.
But yeah, I can get through this.
I would usually just have one lecture tomorrow but uugh, I have to show Nige my project stuff and help Steph.
and then i've got a talk and a demo that i'm terrified of yaaay
and then thursday i'll upload my programming stuff ahhhaha
i'll check over my report tomorrow and upload it, i don't want to upload it on the deadline day.
even though i don't think i used more than one quote
i'm always just terrified it's gonna say it's all copied and i get kicked out
i'm so scared of uploading my report to turnitin i hate it so much
I HAVEN'T WATCH BREAKING BAD IN AGES i'm kinda waiting until i've finished uni
gonna watch this then eat then play games yay
bones/chekov is still the best st ship idgaf
H. Jon Benjamin is a gift.
i love bob's burgers so so so much
I FORGOT ABOUT BOB'S BURGERS AGAIN BRB GONNA WATCH THAT
bcus the one that could win might lose by my one vote, but i'd rather vote for the other party.
i don't know whether i should vote for the party that i prefer the most or vote for the party that has a chance of winning.
i'm gonna play games bcus life hurts
i'm home and my comics aren't here and my feet hurt and uugugugh
I really don't understand why it was deleting the files. At least they work from the zip but wth?
They should work just fine from the zip though so it's ok.
It works fine the first time!
Idk what is going on but Choregraphe keeps deleting the behaviour files? Even the ones that I had legit backups of.
I live for my wallpaper. 
Ok, I'm gonna stay for a bit and fix the Simon game and then go.
Oh my fucking god, it's all still there.
It's thinking.
It's the moment of truth.
I can't find Niiiiige! He's apparently getting a coffee. I think I'll pop to the shop for a drink.
So glad I don't have a specific time to be at Uni bcus I'd probably be late. I don't want to get up.
I hope and pray that the games work just fine.
I can't wait for tomorrow to be over.
Well, I'm jealous when I remember. Which isn't often. But still!
Someone I went to high school with is basically famous and I'm jealous every day.
I'm not above jealousy. I'm definitely jealous of plenty of people.
Ok, Uni tomorrow and then I'm watching that as soon as I get home.
I FORGOT ABOUT BOB'S BURGERS
Holy shit.
Then next week I've got my Resp Comp discussion thing, then a programming demo and I'm done???
Programming is done except I have to fix my database bit.
Bcus even though I know I haven't copied anything I'm always scared it's going to fuck me over.
Resp Comp once again has to be uploaded to Turnitin which I fear with all my life.
I've finished both basically but still.
Two deadlines this week, resp comp on Wednesday, Programming on Friday.
Then Wednesday I'm going in for programming. Thursday I might go in bcus the 3rd years are presenting their stuff.
She's a good friend and everything but uuuuuugh.
Then Tuesday I'll be in quite a while bcus Steph needs help with her programming uuuuugh.
But I'll do what I gotta do.
Pray for me that they do work bcus I don't want to be there for hours. I want to be there an hour tops.
And just get all that shit over with.
Getting up tomorrow is not going to be nice but I'm gonna be glad to see if all the games work.
MY SISTER CALLED ME BUCKY THIS IS IT MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
I might mention it on Tuesday.
Aaaaand, there would be less people.
I wouldn't mind if I had to do it on the Wednesday. Would be easier bcus I'd only be in that day.
Still freaking the fuck out about the Resp Comp discussion.
I've watched the video where Marcus and Tyler do accents on helium about 20 times this past week. I cry every time.
I wish i could just skip through these next two weeks.
I miss Kurtofsky. They would have been beautiful. David cared so much in the end, I hate what they did to his character.
I still can't believe Kurt ended up with Blaine. Klaine was nothing but hell.
I'll probably feel better about everything after tomorrow once I've sorted the project out and I'm not so stressed about that.
I just really want this year over with. I want it done and gone. It's been shit.
Three days this week, two days next week. It's ok. I can do this.
At least my programming demo is just with John.
(I really fucking can't. I'll probably bail and just not go and miss out 10% of my grade).
It's ok. It's all ok. I can do this.
And then it's my programming demo the next day and then I'm done until September. It's fine.
Bcus it'll be just five minutes, I'm in the middle of the session, no one will remember afterwards.
I'll mention bits, no one will care, it'll just be to Denise. It's ok. I'll be ok.
Ok. I'll just have to try and deal with it. Five minutes, no one gives a shit.
I've got a week of sorting my project out and two assignment deadlines. I don't need that shit.
I'm gonna try and forget about it.
I get five minutes but ew ew e e e e e e
I'm literally going to throw up already.
I really can't do that. I cant go in and talk about my paper in a room full of people.
I can't do that I can't I can't.
I have another week to prepare but fuck ufkcufjcufk Idk Idk ufuck
I won't have to stand in front but I will have to talk about it and I'm gonna fucking throw up holy shit.
It'll be in a lecture theatre with about twenty people????
That's exactly what it sounds like. I'm going to throw up. I can't do that.
I can't do that, especially on a day when the majority of the people are there????????
And I'm fucking bricking it.
It might be that we all turn up and then each have a slot to talk???????
Oh shit. I've just realised that the Resp Comp thing might not just be in front of Denise???
But it's this one line of code that just won't work.
I was under the impression i wouldn't have to go in on Wednesday so I'm a bit sad.
Then I'm gonna go in on Wednesday for programming bcus I need to ask John some stuff.
Then I've got a bit of a lecture on Tuesday and then my project demo.
At least after tomorrow it should all be ready to go, no matter how annoying it's going to be.
I just really don't want to have to you know?
And I don't know why because it wouldn't even take me the whole day to remake them???
But uuuuuuugh, I'm just so scared.
Even if I do it won't take long I don't think. I know what to do this time.
I will probably have to make those games again.
I just want tomorrow to get here so I can go in and see what I've got to deal with when it comes to the games.
Shaking with rage rn.
Dick.
How about I win the lottery and take my Mum and Jena and move away and leave you with nothing? How about that?
Bruce literally just said "Need to win the lottery, then I'll be in charge". I had to leave.
Fuck those guys.
You know those people who have had bad things happen to them so they automatically assume they can't do bad things themselves?
Or D&amp;B, trap, etc.
I think people automatically assume i listen to rock or indie stuff but nah, electronica is where it's at.
I fave found the beauty that is trap music.
That site is filled with nothing but arseholes and hate. Get it away from me.
And I can't believe i wasted so much fucking time on that website or on trying to be their friend or on trying to make more friends.
They're all idiots or twats.
The people on Tumblr I used to be friends with, their whole group including the people I wasn't friends with, are complete trash.
Pray for me.
But I kept the most recent ones and checked them over and everything.
The only reason I'm worried is because there were extra files and folders recovered.
As much as I don't want to go in tomorrow at least I'll finally know if the games are fucked or not.
And I think I only need to go in tomorrow and Tuesday so yay!
I hope it all works ok. I really fucking do. I don't want to be there for hours.
But I'll get to see if the games work and sort all that out.
For the first time since January I'm gonna have to go in tomorrow. Ew.
Staying to watch the after credits scene isn't dedication, at this point it's stupid if you don't.
If you own Don't Starve why would you bother buying Don't Starve Together? Just wait until it's free???
you know when you're just like "i can't fucking believe i wasted so much time and effort on you"?
things will be ok though. it'll all work out in the end.
i hope so. won't know until monday.
but either way the stuff always worked when i had just the code file on my usb so surely it'll be ok?
the more i think about it the more i think the game codes i have will work but idk idk i'm still scared
ok ok ok i've done the testing that i can do, couple of questions for john on tuesday about saving the data but i'm basically done
Oh wait, I'm still stuck in how to do one thing for the program??? I needed to ask John about it on Tuesday.
Gonna try and get my testing done just so it's finished but uuuuugh.
How?
At least now that I have all my programming done! But idk, the fear is real!
I'm pretty sure I'm not going to fail anything.
I find out what my grades are mid June so I know whether I have to resit or anything.
And then I'm literally done for this year?????
Wednesday go submit my Resp Comp work, Friday to submit my programming work. Following Tuesday for Resp Comp talk, Tuesday for Prog demo.
Ok, plans now include Monday to check over the games, Tuesday for programming, showing Nige the games and helping Steph.
Reading manifestos at 4am is obviously what I should be doing.
I think I know who I'm going to vote for on the election.
i'm still living at home and crying over degrees
i'm so upset bcus there's youtubers out there who are my age and live in their own houses with their so at shit like plz
he's asking his mum to check over the report like i can't fucking read or something
the fucker won't leave
i'm gonna try and get there for 9am just so i don't have to be there too late.
but tbh given a whole day with the robot, or even just a whole morning, i should be fine to get it all workin.
i could just say i noticed some more issues and need to reschedule
and i technically have until the 11th to show him the games working so even if i don't get it all done by tuesday it's not a big deal?
as soon as i can see what's working and what's not i'll feel so much better
i can't wait for monday just so i can sort all these fucking games out
i cannot wait.
then i've just got two more deadlines, both of which i've basically finished all the work for, two demos and i'm done.
just got to show nige all the games working next week and it's fucking over thank the lord
i never have to interact with dan again
IT'S FUCKING DONE OK I SUBMITTED IT
Still can't log in to my Uni email. Thank god I get it all forwarded.
fucking christ
it's 8pm and i hATE THIS FUCKING GUY SO MUCH JUST GIVE ME THE WORK AND SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU CUNT OF A MORON
it's 8pm and this has to be submitted by midnight tonight.
it's 8pm and he's fiddling with what i gave him.
it's 8pm, dan sent me a draft that i looked over, a load of it was repeated from other sections.
i can't wait to be done with this shit
he doesn't appreciate a fucking thing i do i swear to god like i basically did everything for this group and he doesn't give a shit
IT'S ALMOST 7PM.
LAST NIGHT.
he sad last night he'd need maybe another half an hour.
still fucking nothing off dan, are you serious?
FOUND THE LAST FOSSIL I NEED IN NL
i can't wait to see him in spectre you guys don't know how happy i am having another of my faves actors in my fave series plzp zlpzl
andrew my baaaaaaaaabe
got all of tyrone's work. just waiting on dan again now. he better send it soon.
i've literally finished all the other work i need to do.
bcus on monday i'll either see everything still working or i just remake them and then that's it.
like i just really really hope these games work out like i'll feel fine after monday but until then i'm ew
but i've become so demotivated that at this point anything that isn't a fail is good enough for me
i really did want a first.
i know it's unlikely that i'll fail but i don't want to just, you know, have a shit degree that is worthless.
i'd really like to get good grades but idk i can't see it happening i'm so scared
my sister went to the doctor's this morning to get her ears checked. i wanna know whats up.
and i would really like that really really like that
ALSO THEY MENTIONED SOME PEOPLE MIGHT BE OFFERED JOBS FROM ACTUAL COMPANIES FOR THEIR DISSERTATION
literally cannot wait for all this shit to be over though like seriously i'm so done with this year
they only shipped last week, i get it, but i mean??? please.
this is almost four weeks i've had to wait now i mean come on
also yeah still no starfighter comics i am sad ok i better get them soon
PRAY FOR ME
i really fucking hope the files i recovered still work, i really, really do.
gonna try and get all my program testing done over the weekend maybe.
and i'm pretty sure i'm only going to be in on the monday and tuesday, no point in going in on the other days.
and if i do end up needing to remake everything then i'll have time
i think i'm gonna try and get in early ish on monday so i can sort everything asap
dan will be the last again, i can guarantee it.
ah ha, ty has told me he'll give me the work within the hour.
if it had just been me i would have uploaded my work days ago.
i better get the work soon though, i don't want to be up all night waiting for this shit again.
i mean, the picture game wouldn't take long and the story took maybe two to three hours overall.
if tyrone doesn't get back to me by 11pm with some work i'm saying fuck it, he's not getting marked.
at least i'm not so incredibly worried about the games now bcus i'll actually have monday to go in a fix stuff.
i know he was on moodle an hour ago though.
i know dan will give me the work in time i think but i have no idea about tyrone, he hasn't contacted any of us recently.
do they think i'm just ok with worrying all day and being up all night doing this crap?
still nothing from dan or tyrone. i know the deadline is midnight but, i mean, really??
And even if they don't I'll have the room most of the day if needed so it's no problem.
And there's a chance it will!
And I'm still freaking out despite knowing that I can go in on Monday and check whether the stuff is working.
Dan better give me his work soon. I don't want it a couple of hours before the deadline again.
Emailed Tyrone again bcus I still haven't heard off him.
Still nothing from Tyrone. He better do the work.
At least I can relax over the weekend knowing I'm gonna have a whole day to check everything is working.
At least this way I'll know for sure of it works and I'll be able to deal with it.
Back to sleep now. Byeeee.
Nige emailed back. I'm going in on Monday to check everything.
By the end of today I will be one deadline down.
So the latest I will be ok with is an hour before the deadline. That's it.
Bcus I need time to put it all together and format it and double check everything.
He better get it to me in time. And by "in time" I mean not five mins before the deadline.
We can't be blamed for him not doing work but still.
Haven't got any work off Tyrone yet. Will gets Dan's later and I have the stuff off everyone else. God dammit Ty.

i have plenty of reasons what are u talking about
i really hope my comics come tomorrow
ok ok ok ok ok defo gonna pre-order the starfighter thing once all my deadlines have passed
bcus then that's three days basically to plan around these shitty emails
if nige gets back to me in the morn i'll go but if i don't hear anything i'll says there's issues with the email and we can plan for monday
fuck it, i doubt i'll go in tomorrow. i'll go monday if i can.
i've emptied my bin so if the fucker does get out i'll just try and catch it or something.
i'm hoping it's just the one wasp and maybe it's stuck and it'll die soon
the wasp is still fucking buzzing and i'm so scared i'm never gonna be able to sleep
i'm gonna be sleeping huddled under the covers tonight for sure.
how much do you want to bet that now my mum has gone to bed the wasp is going to get out?
I PRESSED THE WRONG THING I'M SORRY
Woke up the next morning expecting my floor to be covered in them.
My cover was over my face and I felt suffocated and like there were hundreds of bees flying around my room.
Worst case of sleep paralysis I've had was I was lying on my back and all I heard was really super intense buzzing until I conked out of it.
i should just be glad the light has been sealed now so they don't crawl out anymore.
the buzzing of insects is fucking awful to me, it's my worst phobia, it makes me jump and my hairs go up and it's actual terror.
i'd rather spiders than wasps.
but yeah, wasps, not happy. a wing fell out of it earlier. i hate it.
i'm pretty sure what i have is going to work just fine.
it's a miracle it worked at all, if it had smashed or something then i'd be fucked.
you know what, i'm actually pretty fucking lucky that i got anything back off my usb after it died.
all i can hear is the buzzing of wasps every now and again it's awful
the wasps are in our attack above my light again fucking fuck this
i swear, if these files still work when i get in to uni i will sell my soul to easeus i swear.
so the games hopefully shouldn't have been affected.
all the other documents work and even the psd files and stuff are all fine. i think that might be it.
actually the stuff that doesn't work was the stuff i had open?? when it died i mean??? so maybe that's why.
i was fine until that pdf didn't open and now it's making me wonder whether some other stuff is messed up too.
i'm just gonna try and forget about it, bcus atm it's just code and it all looks perfectly fine, so it should be ok.
i know he's there 9am monday bcus that's when he's supposed to see us so i'll go and find him then
if i don't get an email off nige by tomorrow morning then i'm not going in
again, sorry for all the tweets. i'll be fine once i've finished everything and i'm not stressed with work anymore.
once i know whether the stuff works or not i'll be able to deal with it but uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugh
i'm going to be so happy once all this shit is over with
i just don't know if it'll all actually open up
and it's all in there all the animations and whatever
surely the code is proof enough and if they don't work then it's not my issue i can just claim ignorance or something
BUT YES BASICALLY idk idk i have back up plans for all of this but ugh i don't want to have to do them again
what a guy
renner: ok sorry but it's not really my fault if u cant take a jok…
If the emails mess up again I might just wait until Monday anyway.
i know i don't want to worry over the weekend but i really don't want to go in tomorrow morning uuuuugh
i really fucking hope that the files work jfc please pray for me i don't want to have to do it all again
Ok, I'm done with programming. I've got the actual program working, I'll just ask John what's wrong next week.
But I think the code is perfectly fine so there should just be a way to run the program with just that
-or let me fix them and show them another day.
If I can't get in on the Monday either then I'll show Nige what we have on Tuesday and if they don't work then either Nige will let us off-
If the games work then yay, if not then I can remake them.
So basically, gonna try and get in tomorrow, if not then Monday.
And of he doesn't accept that I can just say I'd need an afternoon but I could easily remake them.
And two of the games defo work.
I suppose if they don't work on the Tuesday I can ask to fix them and show them another day.
But I'd be so happy if I could go in tomorrow and see the games working.
proove
At least if I can't get it to work I can show Nige the code to proove we did it.
Or at least go in on Monday.
So I hope I can get in tomorrow to see if they work.
I know the code is there and the files look fine but idk idk, I'm so scared.
I'm so scared that the games still aren't going to work.
LRT Look at those replies. They're all like "Nobody can take a joke1!!!1!1".
Then I'll have to do a report on my testing and I'm done!
Oh my god. My program is basically done???? I've just got to get everything to store in the database!
i'm really worried now bcus some of the files i've recovered don't work properly so i'm worried the game files might be like that too.
if asked if the room is free in the morning, or at any time really, just so i can check if the stuff works.
and i'm never in on fridays so idk what to do.
but yeah, i might not be able to check it tomorrow unless one of the other lecturers is in and i don't know when he is??
the uni emails are having massive issues, ew.
i've got it in my head that the games are going to work just fine but i'll probably turn up and they won't
at least i know the room number now that has the program i need so even if nige isn't around i have somewhere to work
so i'll go in tomorrow, check everything is ok, then work from there.
hopefully the uni emails don't mess up again, but either way i'll go in tomorrow and see if i can find him.
everything's coming up milhouse
AND I FOUND OUT MY PROGRAM WAS MESSING UP BCUS I'D PICKED THE WRONG VARIABLE TO CALCULATE WITH
i've asked if he's free tomorrow or if the lab is free at least so i can check everything is ok.
i could have gone in today and sorted it all.
oh wow nige did reply but i only just go the emails so that sucks???
I'm really worried I'm not gonna finish my programming stuff, ngl. I don't know if anything I do will work.
i mean, they didn't ship for two weeks. it should take this long right??
uuuuuUUUUGUH still don't have my starfighter comics. it's been three weeks now. i'm getting impatient.
and, again, i can always just blame ignorance.
bcus it should work perfectly fine as it is. the program i bought wouldn't cost that much if it was shit.
everything will be fine bcus if i show n all the files or whatever he'll see we've done it, he'll see the code, he'll have to get it fixed
mainly bcus i know the report will be handed in tomorrow and it'll all be ok and the code is there and it'll be fine
i feel better
wearing my cap jumper
TINKERBELL DIED???
if he gets back to me i'll try going in tomorrow but idk he might be sick or something.
can't wait for this to be done.
and we've found a way to get screencaps using the manual so it's all good!
99% sure the stuff i have will work, if it doesn't it's nothing to do with me bcus it all looks legit.
Dan can deal with not having exact screencaps.
I'll see if he says anything about tomorrow.
But I'd still like to have gone in.
I'm not worried now that I'm basically sure all the code works fine. It's all there, there's no reason for it not to.
so hopefully he can get back to me by tomorrow??? so i can go then????? wth nige?
tbh tbh tbh while i'm not worried about the code not working anymore i am still worried so i'd rather go in
i can't just wander into every lab looking for one that has the program i need, especially not if there are classes.
still no reply off nige ffs
but basically i have all the code so i can just be like "look nige, code, i don't know why it's not working" if it doesn't work.
i just wish i'd get a reply.
and dan has asked for screencaps of everything so i might as well find a way to work on it.
but i'd still like to check.
so i'm pretty sure they'll work just fine when they're in the right folders.
has all the audio files and everything
but yeah basically all the code looks fine and it has the animations and story and shizzle
So I'll wait until 11am for a reply.
But I do still need to go in.
I still won't believe it until I see it but it's not urgent.
And if they don't work exactly then there's no reason for them not to. So fucking happy.
I still need to go in and get stuff for Dan so I still need Nige to reply but the actual games are all still there.
Oh my God. Ok. I can check the code on the program files and they look totally fine jfc. I think they'll work just fine.
ffs nige seriously please just reply please i don't need this rn
Still no reply.
I'd rather check than assume they work and end up with half the project lost.
And if there's a class in there I'm not going to be able to work on it.
Just a fuck lab with the program would do but I don't know which one it is.
Well, until Nige gets back to me and says where I can do the work or whatever.
But until I test what I recovered I'm going be shitting myself.
And if I could at least get the story done I'd be happy. And it wouldn't take too long I don't think, not now that I know what to do.
Bcus I know Nige for a fact actually want to take the story out to schools and stuff.
I don't see why the files I recovered wouldn't work but I want to check bcus if they don't I've gotta remake them.
Nige probably won't get back to me so I'll go in for twelve and find a lab that has the program I need.
I neeeeeed to know whether I can work on it or not.
My heart is pounding and I hate everything.
I'm a mantis shrimp! What's your Earth Day #GoogleDoodle quiz animal? 
I set my alarm for 9am so I could sleep until when he might reply. This is awful.
Still no reply off Nige. If I don't hear anything by 11am I'm going in to find a lab or something.
If it works I'm probably going to cry in the middle of the day while at Uni.
I'm literally going to start praying day and night if the stuff I recovered works.
I'm gonna find some way to sort it by tomorrow tho, and hopefully my comics will get here and I'll be happy.
So I hate not knowing if I can work on it tomorrow or not, uuuugh.
I just hate not knowing what to do. I want this all finished by Friday, I don't want to hate my weekend.
And even if the stuff doesn't work then I'll have some way to do the work even if Nige isn't in.
At least then I can get it done or just check of the files work.
Emailed Nige about one of the labs maybe having the program on some of the computers. I hope so.
I need to keep telling myself i can just remake them but I can't, I keep freaking out.
I hope to God all my files work.
I doubt Dan is going to turn up.
I'm just uguhhughhhhhhgh, I hate myself so much right now. I'd sleep but I'm so stressed out.
Nige is usually around the labs at 11am tomorrow so I should be able to find him.
But I'm really just hoping Nige emails me back in the morning and let's me know what's going on.
I'm gonna go in, do what I can, try and get some stuff done during the dinner hour when no one is around.
But whatever, you live and you learn. I'll do what I can.
At least if it had happened last week then I could have sorted it over this week.
But I just feel so shit. Why did this have to happen to me? And why now?
The stuff I have might work, Dan might even come in and fix my stick but idk, and I can just remake them if needed.
Worse comes to worst I'll just own up and do it over Summer.
I don't know which it is but I'll be around for dinner so I'll have a look.
If not I've just been reminded that one of the labs has the program we use to make the stuff I think, could just go in there.
Gonna get up early anyway to see if Nige replies to me. He should by morning hopefully.
so scared. i'm getting all shaky. i hate everything.
bcus at least i'd know if i was completely fucked then??
nige better get back to me by tomorrow morning so i can at least come in on friday
i fucking hate myself for not making backups jfc i just didn't fucking think
i'd rather have lost my resp comp paper tbh bcus at least then i wouldn't be ruining it for four other people
at least if this shit happens again i have a way to recover it so technically it's not a huge waste of money
but i'm just gonna assume they work bcus of that idk idk
but at least if i knew they worked i wouldn't be so worried about not being able to get in tomorrow
i'm hoping to god it should be ok i mean i think it will be but jfc i'm so so scared
as far as i can tell the stuff i recovered and the back ups i do have are exactly the same so i think the rest should work???
i really fucking hope i can get in tomorrow and fix sheldon up, i hate not know if what i have works.
but until i see with mine own eyes i won't be ok.
it should work as long as i get all the files in the right place with the right names.
but tbh i think it'll be ok, i've got what i could recover??
tbh i wouldn't have cared if i'd lost all my shit after the deadline like ffs why did this have to happen now???
but the deadline for the report is this friday?????? so idk idk.
so if i can't get in until monday at least then i'm going to work under the impression it was fine
considering i got the files back tbh they should work if all the other stuff was fine like all the documents and whatever so i mean??
bcus he wants to see the games on tuesday and i need to fix it all by then and aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah i hate life right now i literally hate it
and if not he better reply by friday bcus i really need to see to this before the weekend or i'm going to be so stressed
if nige doesn't get back to me by eleven tomorrow i'm gonna go anyway and just see if i can find him
we used to go in on a thursday a lot though so i don't see why he wouldn't be there
but i don't trust that jfc i need to go in tomorrow just to calm myself
and then i'll just have to pray that the files work
knowing my fucking luck nige won't be in for the next two days so i won't get to fix the project
LRT THAT HAIR
YAY FOR GAY SEX IN SPACE
AND HOPEFULLY MY STARFIGHTER COMICS WILL GET HERE TOMORROW TWO DOUBLE TROUBLE
tbh if it doesn't and i'm there all day i'm going to buy the starfighter visual novel anyway bcus i'll feel better.
i'm hoping what i recovered works.
if i get up for eight and he replies then it'll give me time to get there anyway i mean i only asked to be there for twelve
if i do go in and they work i might go to town for a bit and find some cute stuff and yeah
bcus now i'm gonna have to get up early anyway ew ew
but i'm going to be so so so angry and upset if the files don't work bcus then this program is uselesssss
and i have enough in my savings to buy this
i was going to say i wasn't going to buy anything bcus i spent a dumb amount on fixing this dumb usb but i don't often buy much anyway
i really wanted to get the starfighter visual novel thing but idk i won't until i've finished this year
i just wish nige would reply jfc i need to know if it's ok
i'm so sorry for all the same shit but ughughuhg
i mean you'd figure that if the audio files work and all the files seem to be there that they would be???? but i'm so scared they won't.
i would literally love all of life if i went in tomorrow and all the files worked and everything was fine
i hate liiiiiiiiiiiiiiife
if i can't go in this week to do it i'm going to be so fucking scared
I REALLY HOPE NIGE EMAILS ME IN THE MORNING AND SAYS IT'S OK BCUS JFC I NEED TO GET THIS DONE ASAP
i always get tired around 9pm ish but i have to stay up to tuck jen in so i end up staying up later than that ew
i'm just gonna fucking smash through it tomorrow if i can bcus i need it done
i don't really want to clue nige in on how i fucked up so i'm hoping i don't have to be in to do the group work after tomorrow
i don't want to cause other people to fail so i really need to get in tomorrow and see what's up but nige hasn't repliiiiiiiied
that's why i'm so scared. i could redo it just fine if it was just for me but ugh.
ugh guh u uhu ug it's just if i don't manage to get these games done then there's a chance the whole group fails and i just????
even with two deadlines next week idgaf once this group shit is done i'm gonna have half the stress gone
once i've finished it all and it's all sorted i'm going to be over the fucking mOON
i knew this group project was going to be a fucking cunt from start to finish.
i can do this. it's ok.
and it won't take longer than tomorrow i don't think.
it'll be ok i can do it i technically have until tuesday so i have three days that i can ask nige to work on it
even though if the files don't work i know exactly how to make the games again so it's not that big of a deal??
i'm sorry i keep going on about it i'm just so fucking scared and stressed
oooor i might actually be able to get the story off the robot itself, which would be great.
And I might actually get a bit of luck and the stuff might work, you never know.
So I'd be there until 4pm which isn't that bad tbh.
So it would maybe take, tops, two to three hours for the story, maybe an hour for the picture game.
Technically it's taken 7 hours to make the four games. But a lot of that was fixing things and figuring out how stuff works.
i'm praying to the high heavens that the files i recovered work jesus fucking christ i really am i'm so scared
and it won't be that bad if i do have to do it again. it'll be ok. i'll be ok.
i suppose that motivates me more to get everything done tomorrow  tbh.
the report is fucking piss, but if i don't get this working then we don't have proof of what we've done.
but it's just fucking crap bcus i have to get these games done bcus it's not just my grade that depends on it
and after today the guilt of not having a job will feel fucking amazing idgaf that shit is easy to deal with
bcus then everything is handed in and i don't have to stress
i'm going to be so so so fucking happy once next week is over and everything is finished and sorted jfc
i'm watching dan and phil play ts4 from the beginning in the hopes that it will cheer me up
it'll be ok.
but it really is just some speech boxes and some animations that i can copy and paste, it's nothing too taxing.
but at the same time i don't think i can be that lucky so i'm fully prepared to redo the work.
i'm trying to remain confidant, i think the files will be ok.
if i can't then i defo need to go in on friday or monday at least but i'd rather friday so i'm not worrying all weekend
and i hope nige gets back to me before tomorrow or at least tomorrow morning and lets me know if i can go in
but idk if everything is save in the right place or whatever so idk idk i just really hope it works
i really honest to god hope it works bcus the other stuff i recovered is fine like the audio files etc
i really hope the files work, i really do, i don't want to have to do all that work again, even if it does only take a couple of hours.
ok i have to keep tweeting i'm sorry i'm so stressed and tense and scared and
ok yogscast time legit now bye i need to calm down i'm so shaky and tense and scared bye
But I'm going to stay until it's done. I will. And then it will all be over.
And it shouldn't take long. And if it does then I deserve to be there super late.
steph said she'll join me if the files don't work so that should cut the workload tbh.
i'm probably defo going to sleep early tonight just so i can get to tomorrow sooner bcus i need to know what's up
and the stuff i recovered might even work so it's ok it's ok it's ok i can do this.
it could be worse. i could be in my third year and just lost my dissertation. this is just two small games that are pretty easy to make.
i just cannot fucking relax i just wish i could test to see if the files work at home but i can' and ughuhg
even if i can't work on it tomorrow i can go on friday or monday or just explain to nige what happened and do it on the tuesday. it's ok.
i can fix this. i can do the games in the space of a couple of hours. i can do that. it's ok.
i'm still so fucking tense and stressed i can't calm down i'm so scared and idk why bcus yeah i fucked up but?
i hope my comics come tomorrow to make up for this shitty month
until i know what's up tomorrow i'm going to want to die tho so i'm gonna go bye by
but i really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really hope the files I managed to recover actually work.
it's ok. i can remake them if i need to. they won't take more than a few hours. i know what i'm doing. it's ok.
i have my program, i have my paper, i have two of the games. one game is easy to remake, the other is just text boxes and some animation.
just breathe
it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's ok it's
BASICALLY GUYS PLEASE ALWAYS SAFELY REMOVE YOUR USB DEVICES AND DON'T FUCK UP LIKE I DID AND NOT HAVE BACK UPS
i haven't lost everything, i'm not back at the beginning, it's ok.
i keep repeating myself but i'm so fucking scared and dumb i have to keep reminding myself that it's all ok for now
and i know we have the simon game and the audio game safe.
but nige said we can tweak the code after anyway to make sure it all works so it's no biggie
if it doesn't all work then it legit won't take me that long, it'll just be a bit tedious bcus of all the typing and shit.
and resp comp is done and the actual presentation is an informal thing with denise so it's not so bad this time
and i'm pretty sure i know how to finish my programming now so that's good too!
so yeah so i'm gonna go in tomorrow and finish everything off and we'll all be done i think
and tbh the files i have look legit so if they don't work i can just blame ignorance and tell nige i don't know why they don't work anymore
and my other two assignments are totally fine and everything i have is all backed up now.
but at least we're not starting from scratch, i still have two of the games and all the written work. it's all good.
but i just hate myself for not having a back up and i'm so fucking dumb and sad and ugh
i need to calm down bcus i know if worse comes to worst and the files don't work then i can just make them again
i'm gonna try and relax and watch some funny yogscast stuff but idk it won't help
i bought a sandwich and a drink and stuff but idk i don't feel like eating
my own fault if they don't though.
i really, really hope they work. i'm begging and hoping and praying they do.
if i'd lost my program or my resp comp paper i probably would have killed myself.
the picture game took maybe half an hour, the story a couple of hours.
i'm just glad i had the money to spare to buy that program tbh. if the files are all good and working then i'll sell my soul to them.
i'm probably going to cry a lot tonight and hate myself even more but fine
i've got everything else saved, two games done, the story is just going to be annoying to redo, it's all ok.
you thrive under stress. it's ok.
so...it's ok, me. it's ok. calm down.
and even if i didn't finish them tomorrow i could go in on friday or monday as well
as much as i'm going to hate it bcus i'll probably be there until about 4pm at least i'd feel better
i'll go in, check if they work, if they do i'm fucking off home, if they don't i'm just gonna stay until it's done.
at least we have two of the games that work for sure.
as much as i didn't want to go in tomorrow at least i'll know what's going on this way
i have had the worst fucking luck ever this month i hate everything
but if it doesn't work then it'll just mean i'll have to sit and make the games again tomorrow
if it had been pictures or something it would have been find but it was legit nao files and ugh
but even then tbh i deserve to have lost than money bcus i'm a dick who didn't back up their work
i'm really hoping i didn't waste all that money on a program that didn't work.
but at least by going in tomorrow i'll know and i won't be worrying all weekend.
i'm not going to hold my breath. i'm fully expecting to go in and find that none of the stuff i recovered works and i'll have to redo it.
and two of the games are defo safe, and the story i'm pretty sure is on the nao itself for now anyway, i just couldn't access it.
thankfully the rest of my work for my other two classes is on my laptop and i've backed that up too.
i can't fucking believe this. i'm always telling people to back up their stuff and then the only thing i don't have backed up is lost.
ok ok so plan is to go in tomorrow and sort everything out but for now i'm going to cry myself to sleep bcus i hate myself
and i plan on giving myself enough time to sleep so i'll go in around dinner time
ok ok it's ok at least if they don't work i'll have time to make them again i mean it's not like they exactly took a lot of effort tbh
i'm hoping to god they work
i fucking hate myself for not backing the stuff up though jesus fucking christ
and if they don't i'll make them again.
i've asked if i can go in tomorrow and work on sheldon just to make sure the files i managed to save work
i might just go in tomorrow to check and see if the files work after all tbh
i bought it but i don't even know if it's going to recover everything i need
i'm literally willing to pay if it works though jfc
oh my fucking god the thing that works i have to pay for
ho ymgdi i think it might be working i think it might be fuc k please i prayed the whole way home i need this to work
i might have found something that's going to work but idk idk i really don't know i don't think it will
i feel like i'm going to throw up i can't believe i've done this
i could ask nige if i could come in tomorrow and friday and make it again
ok i have the simon game na dth audio game i can make the picture one in a day that's fine but the gruffalo fuck fuck
oh ymg od it's not wokring i'm going to cry i've lost it i've lsot the group work
I'm home and I was close to tears the whole way and I can barely breath and I really hope I can fix it.
I can't believe this shit. Right before the deadline too. I'm going to fucking kill myself.
I'm just glad I have some of it backed up.
I'm fucking terrified and it's gonna take me forever to get home before I can try and fix it.
It was fine this morning. I didn't safely remove hardware after my first class though.
I really, really hope I can get it fixed bcus it's not just me that this depends on. Fucking fuck.
I have copies of at least two of the games, I think there might be a copy of the story on the NAO but Idk.
I'm hoping I can fix it when I get home but I don't think I'll be able to.
The worst fucking thing has happened. My USB won't work and it has the Gruffalo story on it. I don't have a back up.
Fuck this entire year. I fucking hate life.
Brilliant. Even more stress. Technically four weeks left then.
Me and Steph aren't doing this by ourselves.
I know for a fact Dan has moved back to England and Paul and Ty won't turn up.
Fuck you.
Out of nowhere, just found out we do actually have to do a presentation for the group project.
Bearing in mind I'd usually be finished today around dinner time.
I'm just gonna end up being in at around 3pm still and I'm just uuuugh.
I've been awake barely ten minutes and im ready for the day to be finished already.
Oh my God, I have a full day and I don't know how I'm going to survive.
I'm not going in tomorrow, I can tell.
I could legit just fall back asleep rn.
He should just stick to his own 'verse.
Surely everyone liked Buffy at one point. Angel was good too. My personal fave being Firefly which was beautiful.
I think people forget that while Joss might be shit when it comes to Marvel he did pretty fucking well with his own work.
MY FAVE FIC RN HAS BEEN UPDATED THO THIS MIGHT MAKE UP FOR EVERYTHING
Oxfords, not Brogues.
I got one of those art therapy colouring books today.
Maybe I should just sleep early and get up early so I can relax before Uni.
I want to sleep early bcus I feel shit but at the same time I don't want tomorrow to come sooner but also I want tomorrow to be over with.
i knew iceman was gay when x2 came out and him and pyro were basically fucking through the entire film i mean come on is this news no
But really, I want everything finished and I want to spend five months in a cave wallowing in self pity.
I know I'm not going to get a first anyway so whatever.
I just want to pass my second year. That's all I want. I don't particularly care what grade I get in the end tbh.
I want to wear my new shoes tomorrow so I'm gonna wear them all night to try and see if they hurt.
And all the group work will be finished, no matter how long it takes me.
I'm hoping after tomorrow I'll feel better bcus D might look at my work, if not at least I'll know she's never going to.
LRT THO THE TEARS ARE REAL
I just want my comics.
If it gets here Friday I won't get it until Monday.
And I'm hoping my parcel comes tomorrow or Thursday bcus at least then my Mum can pick it up the next day.
At least by Friday one of my deadlines will be down.
I'm hoping it's just the stress of deadlines that's been making me feel like utter shit these past few weeks but idk.
I really don't think I'm going to bother going in on Thursday.
It's going to be fucking awful.
So I'm gonna have a morning lecture, a two hour gap, an hour for a talk and then however long to fix the games.
Her class is cancelled anyway. she won't turn up for long, and I can't meet Nige early.
But I'm honestly not expecting her to.
Even if she just fucking looks at the title of the paper tomorrow and says it's fine then that would make me feel better.
I'm just so scared that my paper is bollocks and not what she wants and I'm so, so scared.
I wish I could just say "fuck it" but I really can't. I'm so scared of failing.
I kinda wish my tutors could see my Twitter so they could appreciate how much I actually do considering how shit I feel 99% of the time.
I had it finished and ready for her to look at and I just fucking hate myself for missing it.
And she made me feel fucking guilty for that. Without even meaning to tho, it was just a little comment, but it made me feel so bad.
I can't just say "Hey, sorry I didn't turn up when you wanted me to, can we meet another day," regardless of my reasons.
And bcus I missed the review, the only time she said she'd check our work, I didn't ask for another bcus that's rude???
I missed the review bcus I slept through my alarm bcus I didn't sleep until 6am bcus I had a massive panic attack.
She mentioned that she didn't see my work and I felt so shit.
One comment from my lecturer today completely fucked me up with guilt and I'm still not ok.
Fuck this.
I hate, hate, hate myself and life and the world and people and I don't understand why I exist and I want to go.
I probably will but I'm going to want to cry the whole fucking way through.
I really dont give a fuck if I lose 10% of my mark, I don't want to do the presentation.
I just want to sleep.
After tomorrow I won't technically have a reason to go back.
I'm a waste of space and a complete distaster of a human being.
I'm never going to get a job. I'm going to die, cold and alone, on the streets.
I want to enjoy life but I'm always on edge and angry and upset bcus I'm a waste of space.
I just want to feel ok.
I say that like I haven't been wanting to do exactly that since I hit high school.
I'm gonna feel shitty and guilty and dumb and like a cunt and I'm gonna wanna kill myself for the next five months.
No job so I'm gonna feel guilty as fuck.
But at least that gives me structure. Once I'm finished I'm gonna have five months of nothing.
Basically tomorrow, next week and then the Wednesday the week after. I can do this.
I keep saying it but it'll never stop being true.
I honestly just can't wait for this year to be over. It's been so fucking shit tbh.
Honestly don't want to do the Resp Comp one. I really don't.
Two deadlines next week, finished the work for one, mostly finished for the other, and then just two little presentations.
First deadline this Friday for the Group Project. Honestly can't wait to be finished with it.
And I don't think I'm gonna bother going in on Thursday, I do more at home.
Not gonna hold my breath tho tbh.
I'm hoping we can work on Sheldon and finish the group work off earlier tomorrow bcus Resp Comp is cancelled.
Still feel insanely shitty tbh. I just want these next three weeks over with.
It's a men's XS and it's still massive on me.
And a Cap jumper. 
Got some clothes and shoes tho.
I was in town from 11am to 2pm. My feet are killing me and it's waaaaay too hot.
I hope I do feel better late bcus rn I feel like crying.
Fuck it. I did the work. I know I had a shit night.
Well, more shit than I already did.
And now I feel very, very shit.
Bearing in mind I had panic attacks until 6am and slept through it.
Just been very clearly reminded that I didn't turn up for my review last week.
Getting that awful panic attack feeling out of nowhere again and I don't know why.
my family name coat of arms has a red stag on it and the quote "fortis ferox et celer" which means "strong, courageous and swift".
The smallfolk say it was King Renly's ghost, but wiser men know better.
i will never be over the fact that the pool scene ended with moriarty having the bee gees as his ring tone and snapping his fingers
i don't want to feel like this all summer.
i'm hoping i feel better. i'm hoping this is just an awful couple of days and i'll get out of it after a while.
so yeah, one lecture, help steph, get my parcel, go shopping, clear out my wardrobe and done.
i might buy some nice clothes and dresses and skirts and heels and stuff tomorrow bcus i want to
once i've gone shopping tomorrow i'm gonna get rid of loads of my clothes at least.
so i think i might clear out my room before that?? move everything around so i know what i'm keeping and what i'm chucking.
and she doesn't finish until july sooo...
i know over the summer i'm defo gonna clear out my room, paint it, get a desk and sort all that out. but it won't be until jen has finished.
All because I missed an assignment review last week so idk if my academic paper is worth shit.
I feel like after AI last semester I should be able to pass anything but I'm still so fucking scared I'm gonna fail.
I was so happy when I got an A for my creative module and I passed my first year and it was so lovely.
sometimes i just look at a picture of ben whishaw and cry
at least just to see how much happier is was lo o l ll
back to looking at my old tweets
i hope a day of shopping will sort me out tomorrow idk
ughug uhugu g i fucking hate feeling so guilty i'm just so fucking dumb why can't i just get a job like a normal person?
a degree won't mean shit if i've got no experience, that's how the world works. i've never had a job. i'm basically useless.
dole for the rest of my life and then i'll die and fucking hate everything about myself right now because i'm so fucking stupid
still feel like utter shit and even the idea of volunteering makes me want to kms and i'm never gonna get a job and i'm gonna end up on the
"Sebastian Stan kissing boys" is my favourite sentence.
This week will be busy and these next two weeks will be stressful as hell but I can't wait for them to be over.
Still feel like shit.
I might look around skme charity shops or something, maybe see if they have any jobs around.
Parcel came, couldn't answer the door. Will have to pick it up tomorrow when I go shopping.

seb stan: yes

casting directors: .. you…
Go away for a long time j think I just need to go.
I don't even feel like I believe in religion half the time but when things get bad I pray and I dont even know why im saying this I need to
Oh God, I should go.
I wanted my Summer to be relaxing and happy but I'm just going to feel so guilty and I literally don't even know what to do rn.
This has been the worst night.
I'm just so scared.
Why am I even here? Why do I even bother? I'm just a useless waste of space at this point and I always will be.
I don't want to be here.
And then I started thinking about how I can't do that to my sister. And that juat made things worse.
Just spent a good hour or so cry and now I literally want to die so there's that.
every summer my nanny mentions me getting a job and i want to kill myself everytime i can't i can't i hate it i hate myself
One deadline this week, two next week, maybe two talks after that and then five months off. I am so ready.
I'm so ready for everything to be handed in and finished though.
Depends how I'm feeling. I'm in before it for my programming demo anyway so if I feel ok after that I'll go for it.
It's 10% of the mark and I might just skip it????? I don't know if I can handle it.
Bcus people will have to ask me questions and I just, ugh, I really, really don't want to do it.
I still really don't want to do the Resp Comp talk thing. I'll only have to sit and talk about my paper but I really don't want to???
Then programming after that.
Basically the group stuff is finished this week, next week it's Resp Comp hand in.
Well, I'll have next week and a couple of deadlines after that but still, I'm pretty sure I'm only going in for programming next week.
Thursday I'm in 9-11 and then I'm dooone.
Wednesday I've got lectures from 9-11 and 11-1, then a talk from 1-2, then I'm finishing everything with the NAO after that.
Tuesday I'm in at 9-11 and then staying to help Steph.
That makes up for how long my Wednesday is going to be.
And Zorro's present of course, hehheh.
Just remembered that I should get my Starfighter comics and my colouring book thing this week! Aaaaa!
LRT I AM CRYING
LRT NO
I'll ask her about it next week.
We got a new router though, I don't think my Mum has changed it get which is really fucking annoying.
When we first got fibre optic it was great and all that.
Like, this is not a service worth £50 a month. Fuck that.
It says it's connected but nothing sends, it takes 10 minutes for a 1 minute video to load, shit doesn't work.
The past couple of month our wifi at least has completely fucked over.
Considering how much we pay a month for our unlimited fibre optic line you'd think we'd have a better connection.
Having an illness, no matter how bad, doesn't mean you have free reign to be a dick???
It's like when my Grandad got cancer and he thought he was going to die so he /disowned his daughter/ and brought up a load of shit.
My Nanny has had cancer three times, she never went and hit anyone.
Did Clarkson really blame a cancer scare on the assault? Really?
Yay for them figuring stuff out! But that's one hell of a coincidence, ha!
I say all, I just mean three. But still!
Are of the people from Androgenetics transitioning now?? I mean, kudos for them, but what are the chances?
Not even sorry. I love him so much.
Oh my God, he wants to do health and safety bcus that's all he knows jfc, nO. That wasn't a section!
Scared to check if he's emailed back.
I emailed Paul last night about the work bcus I don't want him being a little shit and taking Steph's section which she had already done.
Anyway, yeah, I have just awoken bcus of mh alarm but I'm so tired, I want to sleep again.
I need that Winter Soldier jacket but all the ones I find are so, so expensive.
I just want to get away.
Over summer I hope to get my desk, sort my room, start building a PC, exercise and maybe volunteer.
I hate your entire existence. It's so easy.
I couldn't care less about Flash Gordon, just give me another Kingsman film.
yes pLEAS

• sebastian kissing boys
• sebastian smoking
• sebastian speaking romanian
legit two weeks and three days until i'm finished with my second year of uni what is this help
"they say i'm up and comin' like i'm fucking in an elevator" is still literally the most perfect line in any song it's so gOOD
legit every song by woodkid gives me shivers i don't even understand why i listen to anyone else
ok even with google i have no idea how to do this bit for programming so i'm gonna have to leave it.
i can't wait until friday bcus then all this group project stuff will be over and i'll never had to worry about all this shit again jfc
i'm gonna try and fix my program but i can't see it happening, i might have to leave some bits out which i really don't want to do.
paul is being a dick and taking the section of the report that steph got, she's already finished tho so lol, he has to do something else.
I think I'm gonna try and get some peogramming done today, see if I can fibally finish my code.
And they won't win either way so...
If you're going to vote UKIP then just vote Tory instead. Same dif tbh.
Also, yes. I did only just wake up.
The whole point of that "under all that makeup" vine was that she wasn't wearing makeup?? All of these jokes are wrong.
Anyway, it's 5am. I should sleep.
UKIP is such a joke at this point, why do they even try?
simon tam's entire existence is a 'you tried' star
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
ok, well, at least the first five eps were good.
oh, they actually finished the series with this last one. wow.
ok i don't know what the fuck happened by llamas with hats got really fucking weird
this stuff is fantastic.
idk if it's just bcus i grew up with typical british comedy but dark, black humour is the most perfect thing.
oh my god i only watched up to llamas with hats 4 and now there are loads more and i'm cRYING
tom felton will always be peagreen to me ok. always. i will not see draco, i will see a tiny little borrower.
i would literally sell my soul to have a 00q scene where they flirt. like in the art gallery in skyfall, like that.
and also to play red dead redemption. literally the only reasons i'd have to own a console.
i want a games console just so i can play soul calibre v just for the character creation. that's it. no other reason.
if you were drowning, i would throw you a barbell.
jar jar abrams
DAD JOKES
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "how do you drive this thing?"
this door is alarmed. the window is startled. and the floor is somewhat taken aback.
sporking: spooning with a boner
come on barbie, lets go party. aww aww aww yeah! is that a yes or a no?
Where did KY go, did he space, or did he Jew heaven?
rejectmon
some of these tweets are so wtf was i on acid?
WHAT
3 in the bed and the little one said "roll over". They encounter 9 vicious, man-eating beds. What does Rabbit say?
james bondage
me 
and that's why i hate tumblr. bcus i can't even want two fictional characters to kiss without being a sick, abusive twat apparently.
eva green mmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmm mmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmm mmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmm m m mmmmmmmmm
wHAT WAS THAT LAST TWEET
You have proven yourself in combat, young anal plaything.
It's a wide open world of choice. You're given choice A or choice B.
THE FLESHY FUN BRIDGE
some of these tweets are so classic
you drowned in the desert
ngl i went through the whole of skyfall and spn and thought javier bardem and jeffrey dean morgan were the same person
You live because I allow it.
TWEETS FROM WHEN I FIRST STARTED TRUE DETECTIVE AND MY RUSTY HEART IS STRONG
it's been a year since my nanny had her op. crying.
Did I write that about Steve????/
"Some heroes are made. Others are defrosted."
party soft
"i will take basically everything over werewolf!stiles." i'm crying bcus that didn't happen the show just went to shit so i stopped
skyrim is literally one of the worst made games i have ever played.
here it is, the beginning of my hate for tw. when they threw malia at stiles when he was in a fucking mental institute and possessed.
gallavich *claws at face*
tweets about when i bought (and then finally owned) literally all the csi games to exist. all of them. yes.
my reactions to when malia turned  up i'm laughing so hard ahhaha
i used to be such a dick and now i get it i love it sakura is beautifullllll
tweets about how i used to hate sakura and yes yes yes
thing with all my sexuality stuff is i've never exactly hid it, it's just not something i care to talk about? so idk it's never bothered me.
AHH THERE'S TWEETS ABOUT WHEN ELLEN PAGE CAME OUT YES YOU GO BABE
'Gone Home' was a beautiful game and this still angers me. 
willing to sell soul for alienware tech
for example
not retweet. like, tweet them again.
i'm just gonna retweet my faves i think bcus omf
I KNOW BETTER NOW
oh my god i was still in to teen wolf at this point and there's loads of livetweeting
i was very angry january last year
seems i really hated octodad. (i never played it again tho, fyi). 
they probably won't even be that bad...
but yeah, expect screencaps of awful, awful tweets.
it's a shame i deleted my oldest twitter from, like, 5+ years ago. and the one after that tbh. they'd be even worse.
i've had this twitter for about a year and a half now so i'm gonna go back and look at all my bad old tweets and laugh
At least it'll be good for cardio so I won't have a heart attack at thirty and die.
It's a 60 day workout superhero thing, sounds kinda neat.
I've felt really crap about my stuffffs lately and I feel like I've been gaining weight and ew so yeah, I've found a cool thing.
So, uh, doing an actual workout over Summer is good right?
EAR TINT
50 SHADES OF PHAN
I'M WATCHING PHIL PUT MAKEUP ON DAN WHILE BLINDFOLDED FOR THE FIRST TIME
i don't watch any of the main series like jaffa factory or whatever came after, i'm not subscribed to nil or sips of sjin or strippin now.
i still love watching simon and lewis piss about but panda and zoey are the cute ones and i just want more of them
although i'm only subscribed to panda and the main channel
the only people i really care about from the yogscast now are zoey and panda.
Literally just a bit of testing with the NAO next week and fixing up my program and I'm done for the year!
Ahhhh, so good.
All of the typical stuff is done, I'd only have to change a few lines if there's a few problems with the program.
Eyyy, finished my programming manual. Actually found a couple of other things I wanted to change.
Then I'm done???? Basically anyway. So scary.
But yeah, I'm gonna try and make my manual today. Bcus everything is automatic it really won't be much.
I loving having this much control.
I should get some work done but uuuuuuugh.
I actually slept a good amount last night, and I'm up before midday. Be proud.
I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE THAT
loads have died already, even our oldest ones are dying, and the pleco is out and ugh i'm so annoyed.
fucking quarantine your sick fish before you sell them to people you cunts
pretty sure all out fish are going to die over the weekend i'm so fucking angry at that dumb pet shop
even if i only get a c, i'll deal with that, as long as i don't fail tbh.
with all this personal shit going on this week i just want everything over now.
i think with a bit of help off john next week i can finish it. i'll do what i can and the manual over the weekend.
maybe not, but still.
bcus i know i haven't copied but i'm just uuugh, i'm always so worried it's going to show loads of stuff up.
and i'm still freaking out about resp comp bcus it's a turnitin thing again and i hate hat hate taihtraeht it
but idk two weeks doesn't seem like a long time to get it all done
i think
even if i can't get the line of best fit working thing to work i can still pass with it just making the program store stuff in a database
at least it's something!
if i can't do much over the weekend with code i think i'll just do the manual tbh
but i'm so worried bcus i don't think i'm gonna finish my programming stuff on time.
like, the group report stuff is done, and my resp comp stuff is ok i guess, i kinda wanna check it over.
i'm so worried about missing deadline holy shit but like i know i've basically finished??
I HAVE TWO WEEKS THEN A DAY OF ASSIGNMENT DEMOS THEN I'M DONE UNTIL SEPT WTF
aka he's a cock and i wouldn't trust him as far as i could throw him and i hate everything he chooses to be just like rdj
Did J.J. even like Star Wars? I mean, we know he basically hated Star Trek soooo...?
And if they do, at least not enough to get a majority, or enough to have the opportunity for a coalition.
They're going to get seats in parliament, there's no question, just have to hope they don't get a lot.
It's not taken seriously enough by the majority to win the election but it's also taken too seriously.
I not gonna draw their wrath, fucking scum, but that particular party is a disgrace to this country.
I'm fucking disgusted with that boy's parents. I hate this fucking country some times.
AND THEN I'M DONE UNTIL SPET/OCT YESSS
plan: sort out programming over weekend, finish group project on wedesday, submit report fri, check resp comp, submit following thurs.
Gonna stay in a bit later next Wednesday to check it's all working and then the group project is finall overrrrrr.
Programming should be pretty simple to fix up. I should at least pass tbh.
Group Project will be done by next week after some fiddling, at least for me.
Basically finished Resp Comp, just got to submit my assignment next week and do a mini discussion.
Gonna spend the next for days sleeping and eating what I want and read figs and playing games and watching BB.
Paid my last tuition payment for this year today. So much moneeeeey.
Gonna try and get my student finance sorted over the weekend too. Have to get my Mum to do it all too which is akways the problem.
After how shit this week has been though I'm just glad to get four days off.
The testing and manual stuff will be easy, just some code I need to add that I don't know how to do yet.
I've got two weeks from tomorrow to finish it so hopefully I should be ok.
Gonna try fixing it all up tomorrow. Maybe gonna have to ask my tutor about a couple of things next week though.
Just programming left and I fixed a lot of it today!
Basically finished the group work now. Just gonna do a bit of fiddling and testing next week and it's done.
watching a load of old androgenetics stuff and sphirex is a beAUTY jesus fucking christ. hot as fuuuuuck.
I can't fucking wait for today to be over. This week has been so, so shit.
Only had two days back at Uni and my legs fucking ache from the walk and I've got blisters and I legit can't walk without pain.
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna get the stuff I ordered last night before my Starfighter stuff. Fucking bullshit. Never again.
That has literally just ruined my day. I woke up to that and now I feel even more shit bcus I've got nothing to look forward to.
Hopefully nothing that can break bcus it's getting dropped over the fence.
I've got no fucking idea what the parcel that turned up yday is then.
That has literally just ruined my week. I figured I just didn't get an email.
I can't believe this. It took two fucking weeks to even ship??? Never mind how long it'll take to get here.
That'd just fucking ruined my week already.
I thought the parcel was mine and I was gonna get them this week and I was so happy bcus they'd make my shitty week better. Wow.
That's fucking bullshit?????
Bcus on average I'll get them 12-14 days from now.
Oh. My. God. Apparently my Starfighter stuff has only just been shipped? Like, are you fucking serious?
just so i'm not wallowing around all summer doing nothing
i can't even imagine finding somewhere like a charity shop to volunteer even though i'd love that too
but i want a sense of purpose and something to do and an income and i hate that i can't work myself up to do that
i say it so often but i honestly can't see myself getting through a job interview without crying
i really do wish i had a job but it's just finding one that i can get too and work into my timetable and then there's the whole anxiety
after all the shit today i need something happy.
and i should get my parcel by tomorrow, if not i'll arrange for it on friday bcus i want them this week.
presents must remain secret but i got myself one of those colouring therapy book things? i love colouring jfc.
ordered birthday presents and a little thing for me, eyy.
i'm gonna get art and pretty things and make everything look nice rather than just bland old shit
i really can't wait for summer now bcus hopefully i'll have my desk by then and that's gonna be my motivation to decorate my room how i want
"Would you like a succulent hard willy?" 
why is jack fucking playing huniepop anyway? jfc he's starting to annoy me with some of this shit.
I'll had in my group assignment and my resp comp assignmeny next week, then the program the week after. Possibly two meetings then summer!
BUT I'M BASICALLY DONE WITH THIS YEAR
Meaning it'll just be annoying.
Then I'll have a little informal meeting on the 4th for Programming to show off my program. Which should be fun.
It's only worth 10% and I don't know if I'll ever be in the right state of mind to do that.
I'm still not sure whether I can be bothered to the talk for my Resp Comp assignment.
It's just programming now and I've got until the 1st May to finish the program itself.
The group project doesn't have to be finished to go to the school and there's no presentation, I've done my report part.
I'm not so stressed now I think. I've got two of my last assignments done.
Then we can just use next week to fine tune everything and I'll be done.
I'm hoping we can get a lot of the animation work done tomorrow and then we'll be set.

*expecting Hayley*
Chris: SEBASTIAN THIS

*expecting ScarJo*
C…
Got another meeting for the group project tomorrow to try and sort out some more of the animations.
Or I can just ask for a bit of advice and fix it up in the class tomorrow and over the weekend.
Gonna see if I can ask John about getting my calculations to work properly as the maths is just not getting through to me.
Gonna focus on programming mainly now I think.
I'm just gonna leave my Resp Comp assignment as is for now. I'll check over it the week of the deadline.
Finished my part of the group project report. I'd only have to change a little bit of it if things change over the next week.
JOSS IS BEING FACED WITH A $10MIL LAWSUIT, LOL.
If they deliver it tomorrow I won't be here and I really don't want to answer the door.
I can't arrange for them to leave the parcel over the gate. Ew.
I have to check that the parcel is actually for me. Mum is still on the phone.
Then all I have to do is look over my resp comp assignment a couple of times just in case, but mainly just focus on programming.
I'm gonna do my part of the group report tonight. Get that over with.
I'll just have to deal with it all I guess.
But I'm still so angry and upset that I slept through my review.
...and programming I've done a lot of anyway and I can go in tomorrow for it so I can ask for help then.
...I've got enough to pass Resp Comp already and I think my paper will be ok...
So, overall, we should get the project done just fine bcus we still have next week, the report will get done...
I'm still angry at myself but I really don't know what happened. Must have just been the stress of deadlines.
I think my comics came this morning, gonna see if i can get them to leave them over the gate tomorrow.
I think my report should be ok.
I really didn't want to miss the review but I can deal with what I've got.
Nothing was done in the lecture anyway.
And it turns out I don't have to go to the schools for the Group project because Nige understands we don't have much time.
Shouldn't be so bad, I have enough to pass, and I've done more for programming than most.
So, I'm home. Missed a lecture and my review.
This has never happened before, why did this have to happen on a day I really needed to be in?
Well, I hope my assignment is good enough then.
So I missed programming and my review.
I had a fucking awful night. My chest hurt and i was panicking until maybe 6am and I just woke up.
Oh shit.
thaaaaaaank
i used to really like rdj, what the fuck, dude?
I'M SO SAD
i'm so sad
literally idgaf seb stan is the best actor they have and tws needs so much closure and what the actual fuck
holy shit
i suppose they'd have to have the game downloaded for it to matter but god what
so i'm playing draw something and it's all changed and i just accidentally nudged everyone and now everyone will hate me
I FOUND IT I AM A GENIUS
my sister was playing some really fun game on her ipod earlier and i wanna play it but i don't know the name and she's asleeeeep
as soon as these next two weeks are over and i've got all my work handed in i'm going to be so, so happy.
then hopefully come home, sort out the manual for programming or some testing and do my part of the group report that we hopefully plan.
plans for tomorrow:

9-11 - programming, fix program.
11-1 - resp comp review.
1-? - group work, finish story, fix simon game.
i really need my comics to come tomorrow to make up for the shitty day that i'm bound to have.
it's just motions that we need to add now, i don't think it'll take us too long.
so hopefully i can sort that tomorrow, along with finishing as much of the story as we can.
my program is legit finished if i can figure out why the hell this line of best fit won't calculate properly but i just can't!
@yalcned <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING> thank you!
well, more reason to get the story finished this week then.
and now i've just realised that next week i'm going to a dissertation talk so i'm gonna miss an hour of the group time
@yalcned i sure hope so!
i've given up with the fucking programming now ok it's late and i'm tired and i wanna read fics and i have no idea how to fix it anyway
And so begins my hate for Summer.
Oh, great, wasps are in my ceiling above my light again.
ok fuck this this entire line of best fit thing is not going to fucking work i have no idea and john won't be able to tell me and ughuguh u
@yalcned awwaw ww, thank you, i'm hoping i won't. it's just everything has to be in and i'm so stressed, ha!
DIL WITH IT
DID DAN JUST CALL PHIL "PHILLY"?
i'm only subscribed to dan and phil's gaming channel bcus games is all i care about
fuck i'm so worried i'm going to fail
but it's ok it's all ok we'll be ok
then the group report i can do my part of in a day, the actual school bit worries me.
i'll do some programming now and tbh a manual and testing won't take two weeks. maybe a day or two.
my resp comp draft is done and i probably won't change anything even if she tells me to unless it's a complete failure, so that's done.
ok ok ok calm down me
I CAN'T DO ALL THAT AND A GROUP REPORT AND A RESP COMP REPORT IN TWO WEEKS WHAT THE FUCK
then i need to put together a manual and do testing.
so i've got to parse everything and have error checking and that's going to take forever.
ugh but fuck i need to make sure it all works if you make mistakes or whatever ughguh
i've basically finished what i can do with the actual program, i need to ask john about some stuff though.
shit though, i have maybe a fortnight to finish programming too.
resp comp is fine, regardless of what i do it's fine, i've got enough to pass already.
tomorrow is still going to suck. programming for two hours, resp comp review then working with these shit heads for two hours. ew.
at least there's a better chance of me passing this way.
tbh i just want it over with, idgaf.
maybe. i'm still not ok with it. but i'd rather be marked on a report.
i can handle working with some kids, that's fine.
i'm preferring this over a fucking presentation though ngl that shit was scaring me
but just if we have to actually go to the schools and include that and i'm jstu uuguhgu ug ugh u i don't know
I'm still more worried about the actual going to the schools part. I know I can pump out 1,000 words in a day. That doesn't bother me.
Ok, well, technically we can do that. I know I can. Depends if everyone else can...
Wait, no, it'll be ten days to do around 700-1000 words each. Oh.
i put together a mini plan and it's probably all bollocks but i sent it to the group anyway bcus i'm scared
But I'm just worried we won't be able to do it in time to add it to the report.
I suppose we could do the bits we can do now and then just wait until we've done the school bit before adding that to the report???
AND WE STILL HAVEN'T BEEN TO THE SCHOOLS SO I'M WORRIED ABOUT GETTING THAT DONE IN TEN DAYS
But it's just what do those 500 words have to be about???
I don't know why I'm so worried bcus technically it's basically 10 days for each of us to do 500 words. That's piss.
you're all falling in love with drunk chris and i'm literally cringing here i'm so embarrassed jfc
i'm gonna put together a plan and we'll talk about it tomorrow i guess but ugh
and now i'm gonna freak out until i get the report done bcus i've got ten days and i've got no idea what we have to do
i'll just email and say i was waiting for an evaluation and i'll tell him about how shit everyone else was.
if nige doesn't ask for an evaluation i'm going to give him one anyway.
the other three will be able to bullshit their  way through it.
i'm so fucking angry bcus now it doesn't matter that it's only been me and steph doing the work.
i'm glad it's just a report we need to do but still??
EVEN THE MODULE SPEC SAYS IT'S BASED ON A PRESENTATION.
i'm just gonna make dan ask him bcus i'm not going to.
we've got ten fucking days to do a report, what the fuck?
i'm not letting dan get away with doing shit.
expect dan is now going to be able to bullshit his way through so nige better ask for an evaluation off each of us.
so the group project is now based on a report, not a presentation. ok. that's ok. i'm ok with that.
i'm not shipping it but like what is all this 
HE JUST FUCKING STARES AT HIM IN ALL THESE GIFS LIKE HE'S A FUCKING JPEG I'M CRYING
i can't believe that's real
oh my gOD 
what is with this whole daddy thing anyway? like, i know y'all aren't into daddy kink. what are you playing at?
y'all calling chris cute 'cus he's drunk, i'm just highly embarrassed for him.
i thought the first avengers movie was pretty shit compared to the individuals.
i still don't even know if i can be bothered to go and see it.
oh! aou premier. ok.
i don't even know what happened. was there some award show or something?
"Routine". Yeah, right, of course I'll believe that.
BBC News - RAF jets intercept Russian planes near UK airspace 
Now I have to try and convince Jen to do her homework.
So I napped. Yay.
Maybe they'll come tomorrow and they'll make up for the shitty day I'm bound to have.
Also, no comics today. I am sad.
I am home. Was there an hour. I have a cheeseburger and chips cooking. I might nap. Hartwin is calling me.
I really hope my comics come today.
I feel all shaky and ew from lack of sleep and I know I'm only gonna be there for an hour at most and I hate it.
I do not want to get up. At all.
I'll just be so annoyed if I turn up at Uni and she's cancelled.
I haven't left the house by myself on over two weeks. I'm not ok.
I'm up and about ready to throw up. Yay. Just one lecture, I can do this.
I'm not still awake at almost 3am, what makes you think that?
Ok, seriously, I've got to go sleep.
I'm always so proud of Welsh actors who make it big and Taron is Welsh and my bABY.
Anyway, Hartwin time. Goodnight.
We just care less about how straight and white they are than places like America do??? As long as our teeth are healthy it doesn't matter.
British people are stereotyped as having bad teeth but I saw a study showing we have better teeth than a lot of other countries.
I'd say it's pretty good bcus it's my first filling since I was a kid but the fact I some already isn't great.
But she's probably going to say I need to now. Not happy.
It's fine for me, no pain, and last time she said it didn't need filling and could heal itself, they're trying to do less fillings.
Speaking of, dentist appointment in June. She's probably going to want to fill this tooth.
Not just that, but just to feel better? So I'll know if anything is wrong with me. Like how you get a check up at the dentists.
But I get super light headed sometimes and it reminds me of that time I fainted and idk, I'd just like to get checked out.
Tbh I'd like to go for a full health check but I have enough issues with friends and family being to close to me, never mind a doctor.
Then I just want to decorate the place myself and get some plants and read fics when I'm not at work and not worry so much.
I just want to get a little tech support job or  a little night job and get my own little apartment and a cat.
But it'll only be over until September, then it's my final year and I'll have a dissertation to do and oh my God no.
I just can't wait until mid May when this will all be over.
But telling myself that doesn't help. I'm still fucking terrified.
I know it's unlikely. Programming is going great, Resp Comp I've got at least enough to pass already, and the group stuff should be ok.
Tbh, I've never failed a class. But at Uni I really can't afford to so I'm so, so scared.
So to forget I try and read stuff or watch videos and then I'm up way too late.
My anxiety over leaving the house, going to Uni and being around crowds of people and failing classes keeps me awake.
What am I saying, I know I'm going to be up until at least 3am reading fics anyway.
I should stop playing games now or I'll never sleep.
We don't pay for fibre optic and unlimited for this.
Finally kicked in after how fucking long???
My internet is going crazy. This probably won't even go through.
i'm gonna want to die.
wednesday is going to be hell, i've got to get assignment advice from john, a review from denise and i've got two hours of group work.
the manual and testing i can't do until that's done so that's what wednesday will be for i guess.
i've done what i can with the programming assignment. anything else i need advice for.
i'm gonna go play dungeons of dremor bcus that's my life.
hartwin though hartwin hartwin hartwin
I LOVE KINGSMAN SO MUCH IT HASN'T BEEN A DAY AND I'M ALREADY RUINED
what the fuck is this button thing on reddit i don't even know what i did
holy shit i'm watching vinny plays some hl2 mod and all i hear are explosions i am going deaf
hartwiiiiin
I literally don't give a fuck about any other ship rn besides Hartwin, not even Stucky or anything.
At least even though I only have on lecture on a Thursday I know I'm gonna actually be doing something useful for a couple of hours.
I suppose it'll be good for me to finally get out of the house though. But ugh, no thank you.
I don't want toooooooo.
Wednesday is going to be a full day though, I'm not looking forward to it. Programming, assignment review then group work.
It's not like she can teach us anything knew when she wants us to give her our last assignment draft the next day.
I really wish I didn't have to go in tomorrow. I'll be there maybe an hour and for no reason.
And Hartwin is fucking ruining my life. It's not even been a day.
I feel like Kingsman is going to become my new obsession?? I loved it so much.
So, uh, I fell back asleep. Fuck.
And I'm still just here reading fics. I'll do some work later...maybe.
Still don't want to email Nige just yet tbh, just in case he gets pissed.
So, everyone in the group can make it. Good.
Gonna wait for the plumber to fuck off first though.
I'll do some work, email Nige tomorrow so he doesn't ask why I'm not in today, get some work done then just read fics all day.
Dan actually thought we went in on Monday's. What the hell made him think I would?
I've got some ideas for work to do anyway. And my Mum has to go out so I wanted to be up anyway.
Three hours. I won't be able to sleep now.
Just been rudely awoken bcus the plumber is here.  Ew.
Just realised if i give all the games a trigger word I don't actually have to put them all together. Good to know.
Half five. I should sleep. Alarms set so I can try and make sure I'm not asleep until dumb o'clock and unable to sleep tonight. But ew.
Basically I'm pretty sure I won't fail resp comp or programming, but the group project has been nothing but stressful and I'm scared.
But that won't get me a pass or anything so eh.
But I'm so scared to fail the group project stuff. I can blame the guys tho bcus none of them were ever in.
As long as D likes my report enough for me not to completely fail it I'm fine, programming is piss.
But this group project has been nothing but a nightmare. I want to finish and forget about it forever.
Resp Comp is pretty piss easy tbh, I've done that. Programming is fine, the testing and manual will be super simple too.
I can't wait for this group project to finish though, I want it fucking over with.
It's basically just three weeks until I'm finished. It's ok. I can do this.
I just really don't want to go back. I just want to stay away, finish my assignments, hand them in and start my Summer holidays.
I might just not go anyway tbh. Depends how I feel.
I was really kind of hoping to get an email saying we don't have to go in tomorrow. Considering the last assignment is in soon?? Idk.
Gonna have to email Nige later or tomorrow about getting the NAO for the meeting on Wednesday. Ugh.
But that means I have to really get to sleep early tonight.
I'll just claim I thought it was still closed bcus my sister is still off. I don't go on on Mondays anyway...
I think I'm probably supposed to be in today but that's not happening.
Just realised I'm back at Uni tomorrow.
Ok, ok, it's three weeks. That's plenty I'm sure.
I just hope Nige actually can get some school groups together.
And then we at least have something to go to the schools with.
This week I'll put them all into one file so we at least have a final piece just in case the story fails.
But yeah, I'm scared for the group project. We can get away with three working games.
That's what fix it fics are for.
I honestly wasn't expecting Harry to stay gone.
Also, new icon. Fucking beautiful man.
But I'm so scared to go to the schools.
I suppose knowing the three games we've finished work helps. It's not like we have nothing.
I know the games are ok but ugh.
And I don't think the story is going to work very well.
I don't feel like we can get it finished, especially considering it's basically just been me and Steph doing it.
And I'm very fucking scared now bcus I don't want to go to the schools and I don't want to present the work and I'm fucking terrified.
The two weeks after that are the marking weeks.
We've got three weeks until we have to show our finished group project and I'm freaking out bcus I don't feel like we can do it.
now i need to read fics, goodnight.
but that bit with the princess was fucking dumb, i hated it.
HE'S SAYING EXACTLY THE SAME THINGS I'M SO PROUD.
HE'S DOING WHAT HARRY DID I'M GONNA CRY.
IS HE GONNA SMACK HIS MUM'S BOYFRIEND? PLEASE DO.
ok the whole film was beautiful but that last scene was fucking unneeded and i hated it and it ruined it
literally, the whole thing ruined bcus he's turned into a dick.
...................ok. and the whole thing has been ruined by him going to the princess.
i'm so sad harry isn't here to see this
oh thank the lord
SHE STOPPED IT'S OK EVERYONE IS OK IT'S OK
oh thank the fucking lORD
oh god she's in the bathroom no no no
he looks hotter all messed up in the suit than when he looked all perfect in it
oh god the mum is getting through and the baby is crying i am not fucking ok with this eggsy please please go on please
and i'm fucking really, really uncomfortable with how eggsy's mum is going after her daughter like that, i hate it.
ok, all these mass deaths in this is really making me uncomfortable??
WHAT WAS THAT? WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT PRINCESS SAYING?
oh fuck her daughter fuck fuck
oh god his mum has one doesn't she fuck fuck
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
OH MY GOD THEIR HEADS ARE EXPLODING
THEY SAVED THE DAY AAAAAAAAAH
no no n o o don't end like this
oh shit merlin babe please
EGGSY PLZ SAVE THE DAY PLZ
HE'S TAKING THE UMBRELLA LIKE HARRY HELP ME
EGGSY JUST RAN ALL THE WAY TO THE PLANE AND NOW HE HAS TO RUN BACK WHAT A BABE I'M CRYING
THEY'RE ALL OK I LOVE THEM ALL I LOVE THIS FILM I LOVE LIFE
OH FUCKIGN YEYSYBFUA IU JFSTHEY SAVE STHS ADY
HOLY SHIT EGGSY WHAT WAS THAT YOU FUCKING
ROXY PLEASE FUCKING SURVIVE THIS PLESAAES
AND EGGSY PLEASE MAKE IT OUT SAFE PLEASE
OH NO ROXY HOLY SHIT BABE PLEASE MAKE IT PLEASE
oh holy shit it's that fucking dude
oh no roxy babe
she better survive all this.
holy shit tho roxy is a babe she is beautiful
HE'S IN THE SUIT I'M FUCKING WEEPING
I LOVE MERLIN SO MUCH HE'S A FUCKING BABE HE IS SO EXACTLY WHAT I WANT Q TO BE LIKE IN SPECTRE
SUCH A BABE.
HE SWAPPED THE DRINKS DIDN'T HE??
it didn't work??
why did you drink that knowing that arthur wasn't arthur???
i love merlin, but eggsy and harry are babes too.
just an fyi merlin is basically q and i'm so in love
HE BETTER NOT BE DEAD PLEASE DON'T BE DEAD THE SUITS ARE BULLET PROOF RIGHT PLEASE BABE PLEASE DON'T BE
EGGSY SCREAMED AND I FUCKING DIED OH BABE I AM SO SORRY
HE GOT SHOT HARRY GOT SHOT FUCKING NO NO NO I'M NOT
EGGSY DUDE I'M SO SSORY AAIO
god, harry, i'm so sorry.
that was impressive as shit but i am so sorry harry, that couldn't have been nice.
one man just fought and killed maybe fifty or more people and i am so eRECT
THIS IS THE BEST FIGHT SCENE I HAVE EVER SEEN
I SHOULD NOT FIND A MAN KILLING LOADS OF PEOPLE SO ATTRACTIVE
THIS IS SO ATTRACTIVE
HOLY FUCKING SHIT THO I AM SO HARD
IS HE JUST KILLING EVERYONE, WHAT THE FUCK?
HOLY SHIT HARRY YOU FUCKING BEAST???

i know he gets the full suit at some point so i know he gets in but still, i'm sad.
i'm so sad, eggsy. i really wish he'd gone through.
oh shit, the bullet was a blank.
what the shit?? that car is just driving by itself, what the hell.
that's it, eggsy, smack the guy around.
oh, dude, eggsy, i'm so sorry.
oh fuck, eggsy, i'm so sorry.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?
oh shit. roxy shot her dog???
eggsy wouldn't do that
nope.
oh god, they have to shoot the dogs.
oh god, he's asking eggsy to shoot the dog. no.
he just tried to steal a fucking hand grenade
did they really just all get drugged?
oh eggsy, come on, why were you such a dick right then?
OH MY THE FUCKING DID IT IT WAS BEAUTIFUL I'M CRYING
EGGSY CAME TO CHECK ON HIM AWWWAW
oh shit
oh shit, they did.
oh god is one of them dead?
HE DID IT WHAT A BABE
YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN PLZ SAVE THE DAY
please get the door open please
eggsy better save the day
HE IS A GORGEOUS MAN HOLY SHIT
oh shit the place is flooding
literally, those three need to fuck off.
smack him
oh my god they're all rich boys
i'm assuming he will bcus that's kind the point
eggsy better win this "interview" bcus srs that first guy is a twat
PARKOUURRRRRR
the step dad is hitting him and i hope harry smacks him to death
EGGSY'S FACE.
I'M GONNA CRY THAT WAS SO GOOD
HOLY SHIT
holy shit i'm so ready for this fight
IS HE GONNA SMACK HIM?
OH MY GOD HARRY I'M CRYING
eggsy awawwwwwaww he's so smiley
what did he missss?
harrrrrry, his name is harry awwaw.
he's gonna call galahad right?
EGGSY IS SO HOT THO
eggsy is still wearing the medal aww babe
meeeerliiiiin
@yalcned of course, of course. :)
i hope she lost her feet and wasn't forced to cut them off or something.
OH MY GOT SHE KICKED HIM IN HALF WHAT THE FUCK
i said spy stuff was my fave. any spy film, book, show, whatever. i love them all.
the comics for this were based on bond i'm gonna cry
oh my god that's eggsy are you kidding me
@yalcned i'm always here you know, i like talking to you.
i'm only watching it so i can read fics ngl
despite my complete and utter terror i'm going to watch kingsman
@yalcned <DISAPPOINTED FACE><DISAPPOINTED FACE><DISAPPOINTED FACE> are you ok?
i have finally found a fic where steve doesn't get the serum and bucky comes home save mE
I'VE DONE IT I'VE FINISHED MY ASSIGNMENT FOR THE REVIEW ON WEDNESDAY YESSSSSSS
Ok, food is cooking. Work time. Ew.
Ok, I should get up and get ready and eat and then finish my assignment but uuuuuuugh.
Aka I think they're going to get at least one.
It looks like most people who are online are voting Labour, but idk I still think UKIP are gonna get way too many fucking seats.
I have to sleep early tonight.
Ok, so, I'm up???? Shit.
bcus i love my sister but i haven't been on my own in the house for two weeks and i need space.
i hope i don't have to go in on tuesday, not if the assignment for that one class i have is in soon.
i'll watch it tomorrow ok defo and if not then i'll at least finish my assignment and watch it on monday
so it's half four and i still haven't watched kingsman
IT WAS THEIR SONG
oh my god i just found 'you're the voice' on here and i'm crying over how much i miss bradley and colin
i can see how i was a fan of big bang, but i don't even know why i was?
when you accidentally click to open photoshop and just

siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh
he was insane i have no idea how he did it
OH MY GOD I FOUND STUFF FROM THE GUY WHO BEATBOXES WHILE PLAYING THE FLUTE
oh deer lord there's big bang stuff on here??? i remember loving them years ago.
bcus psst a lot was of friends
ok i'm moving all the music to my laptop and then i'm just gonna go through all the shit i don't want anymore
there's one bit of my hatred for dany right there, but in the end it's all just poor work from grrm tbh.
oh derererer lordod save me 
oh god it's my fave 
katie mcgrath is fucking gorgeous jfc
oh my lord i found some edits i did and there's some of katie mcgrath and oh lord save me 
oh my god there is so much old music on here that i used to love like the silent hill soundtracks and stuff aww
oh lord 
it's got a load of music and pictures on it. should be hilarious.
you know what, i'm gonna find my old external harddrive and see what's on it
i want to but i'm just so scared and worried about what'll happen and if i'll get second hand embarrassment and ugh
i still haven't watched kingsman i'm so sorry the weird anxious feeling is at it again
woop woop, it's the sound of da police.
FEMINISM IS NOT ABOUT BEING BETTER THAN MEN
RAPE IS NOT ENJOYABLE
SEXUALITY IS NOT A CHOICE
…
oh my god boi got me so distracted
where did all these quote twitters come from plz
what the fUCK
"If two pregnant women get into a fist fight, it’s like a mech battle between two fetuses." (from just-shower-thoughts fyi)
these dolphins are fucking creepy lsd perverts
i'm gonna cry rev is reading about the experiment jfc
shamwow the dolphin
nasa fucking
oh god they're talking about the dolphin experiment
@sweetiestan oh no. i'll give it a go at some point! it takes me forever to start watching something though...
@sweetiestan was it good? i don't know anyone who's watched either of them...
@sweetiestan good to know i won't be the only one. have you seen seb stan in anything else? i'm considering whether i should watch kings??
@sweetiestan it's gonna happen. i'll cry at the trailer and it'll just get worse from there. i did that for gotg...
@sweetiestan i'm scared to go see it in the cinema bcus i'm gonna cry, i can tell, it's going to be awful.
did joel just tell rev to pee on him?
@sweetiestan so. much. he's not allowed to be like this. i don't know how i'm going to survive civil war.
@sweetiestan oh god that gIF YES exactly, i had to slap myself. also this??? no. 
@sweetiestan such a beautiful face. and hair. and everything. and he's such a goofball. hate hIM. 
here's me saying i was gonna watch kingsman this morning and then i just did work, ate and watched joel and rev ruin my life even more.
why are people just??
@sweetiestan same same it made me so sad. but it kind helps that seb stan is, like, the most attractive person i have ever seen??
JOEL AND REV FOR LIFE
i guess we're gay

and the same person
what is tHIS? 
@sweetiestan i'd never watched a marvel film before and then i saw that 'till the end of the line' scene and now my life is ruined.
I'M A SHAM
@sweetiestan so, uh, how about that bucky barnes eh? just about ruined my life. (i don't know how small talk works i'm so sorry).
@sweetiestan i'm gooood. <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> and yourself?
I'M LIETELRALY CRYIGN
THE MOMENT I TWEETED IT

   #senpaiBot
OH YM GOD GOI JUST
senpai plz notice me
I STILL HAVEN'T WATCHED KINGSMAN I'M SUCH TRASH
@sweetiestan same same, hi hello (is this weird??).
Watching Rev play Yandere Simulator. I must have this game.
it's been hours and i ended up watching yt vids instead of kingsman i'm so crap
Look how adorable @Jack_Septic_Eye is! 
I think my problem is that I'll end up writing too much tbh.
I think I can do that. Once I start I get on a roll, I can write that much.
I can go 200 words over, max.
And an abstract.
I've got 1,261 out of 2,000 words. So I've got roughly 600 words left to do two more sections and a conclusion.
ok that's enough for today anyway i'm done i'm done
i'll write it out and the i can move it to a different sections if she wants me to
idk if i can talk about e-waste in the environmental and sustainability section tho like idk if that counts??
i've actually done more than five hundred words but i'm on a rolllll
this cishet white male thinks we have no right to complain 
EVERYBODY CAN GO HOME NOW
WE ARE EQUAL
WE'…
Time for my 500 words of the day.
Ok, I'm dressed and Bruce is cooking so I'm gonna eat and get some work done and then watch Kingsman.
I should get up and eat and have a shower and do work but uuuuuugh. Too much effort.
I understand when and why it's problematic. That's all that should matter.
I can't just forget 18 years of loving that film???
For example, Ace Ventura is hella problematic at times but it's literally one of my favourite series. I grew up with that.
I know some of the things I love are problematic but you cant just expect me to forget my childhood favourites can you?
I dreamt I married Joel. Which is great but also sad.
I'll start with some work once I can be bothered to get up.
Well, shit, I fell back asleep.
I'm gonna get some work done then watch Kingsman in a bit.
But hi, yay, I didn't sleep all day.
I forgot I actually have to use my grant mkney to pay tuition. Ew.
I need to make sure I go to sleep early over the next few days bcus I can't be staying yp this late when I have Uni the next day.
Finished the stream. It's now basically 6am.
joel just bought about twenty babies.
Eh, I know the difference.
But tbh I don't find Chris Evans attractive??? He's good looking and adorable but physically I don't really fell anything?? You get me??
I really do have a type. Seb and Eva and Marlon and all the tall, dark and beautiful people I think are hot as all hell.
oh no. 
massive baby. 
the four ghost babies just randomly appeared.
yes. exactly. 
Mario is sitting on his own sofa head. 
It's 5am.
I don't even know what's happening anymore. 
The loving embrace. 
marlon was fucking gorgeous please save me
Spooky Bones and Mario. 
420
the game fucked up and we lost everythiiiiiing
BOTH OF THEM ARE PREGNANT. PLOT TWIST.
and less hairy / 
that is the extent of my wishes

[instr.]
"So, Donkey Kong is pregnant with Megaman's poop child."
