The Stupidest Selfies Of 2014 
Hot Girls In Leggings (Photo Album) 
Smart girls open their minds, easy girls open their legs, and foolish girls open their hearts.
MUST SEE: Woman Photoshops Face in 25 Different Countries... 
Behind every beautiful thing, there is some kind of pain.
Where there is no communication, there is bound to be a misunderstanding.
Porn Vs Reality: Know The Difference 
Once trust has been breached, it takes more time to gain it back than it did to lose it.
Short shorts being pushed to the limit ( Photos) 
It all comes down to the last person you think of at night. They have your heart.
It's always been you.
If you don't fight for what u want, don't cry for what you lost.
Yes, I love you. But I'm done fighting for your attention.
If you're fighting for a spot in their heart, it simply means there's no space for u there...
Nothing feels better than being called babe.
Sometimes we miss the one who was perfect for us because we were too busy focusing on the fantasy ones.
If he misses you, he'll call. If he cares, he'll show it. If not, he can't be worth your time because you're obviously not worth his.
You don't need too many people to be happy. Just a few real ones who appreciate you for who you are.
Most people can't admit when they are wrong, because they will have to admit that you are right.
I think about "Us" a lot. Even when "Us" doesn't exist.
You will get replaced before you cause me stress.
Stop focusing on finding the perfect person because perfect ppl don't exist &amp;amp neither does a perfect relationship.
You are my best friend, my human diary, and my other half. You mean the world to me and I love you.
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
No matter how much you hurt them, the people who are still with you at the end of the day, those are the one's worth keeping...
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book.
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
People don't just wake up and go cheat. Trust me, it was very well thought about before it happened.
Cheating is not a mistake, its a choice, if you had time to cheat, you had time to know you were wrong.
One day she's going to get over you. And on that day you'll realize that she loved you more than anyone ever could.
Texting is not a substitute for calling. An attractive voice can stimulate senses that sets the tone for the night.
Right now at this very minute, someone wants to hold you in their arms and wants you to hold their in your arms.
Sometimes u start smiling for no reason because u are thinking of that special someone.
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly, first love is irreplaceable, and first heartbreaks are unforgettable.
You can't be in a relationship half-way. You're either in it or not.
A perfect relationship isn't actually perfect at all, it consists of two people who NEVER give up on each other despite any hurt or pain.
Just because u miss someone, does not mean u need them back, missing is just a part of moving on.
If you're easy to get, you'll be easy to leave and easy to forget.
True love is like playing chess. A boy plays and always afraid of losing his queen and a girl risking everything just to protect her king.
Hurt is the best memory. It never forgets.
I hate the fact that you ignore me for so long, then you start talking to me like nothing happened.
It totally sucks to feel like you're being annoying to that person you want to talk to.
No girl wants to be with a guy that can't let other girls know he's taken.
I'll ride with you through bullshit, just don't bullshit me.
Love doesn't change, people do, so don't let one failure make you lose your faith in love.
At this point I don't even care. I'm just going with the flow. Whatever happens, happens
If you keep telling everyone about what your ex did to you, how they were wrong and how you're better without them...you're not over them.
Love is the best medicine. Overdose can kill you.
Your worst mistake can be thinking the one who hurt you the most, won't hurt you again.
Never regret. If it's good, It's gonna be wonderful. If it's bad, It's gonna be an experience.
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly, first love is irreplaceable, and first heartbreaks are unforgettable.
in a relationship, you must never stop dating.
It takes 2 seconds to say I love you but it takes a lifetime of trust and respect to prove it true.
It's better to love someone who's far and craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet doesn't even care to see you.
Every couple needs to argue now and then. Just to prove the relationship is strong enough to survive.
Stop giving your heart to people that don't respect you or your dreams. They will make your life a nightmare.
Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave.
Just because they are still with you when you do things to push them away doesn't mean that they're not growing further apart from you.
Never get so lonely that you long for the wrong people to keep you company.
Respect has to be earned.
People change, and often they become the person they said they will never be.
Dear crush, I may not have the prettiest face for you to look at but I do promise I have the biggest heart to love you with.
I like to be alone, but I would rather be alone with you.
Sometimes sorry just isn't enough.
The best feeling is when you look at him/her and he/she's already staring at you.
Don't come into my life unless you want to stay.
I get jealous over anything..... A hug, a hi, bye, glance, text, phone call all that shit.
It's better to love someone who's far and craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet doesn't even care to see you.
No girl wants to be with a guy that can't let other girls know he's taken.
don't say you miss me when you don't even try to talk to me
As it relates to my earlier tweet pertaining to 3 inches, a woman's vagina is only 3.5 inches deep.
I can't control my feelings, but I hate how my feelings can control me.
Don't confuse still being in love when you are just attached to what's familiar.
Love your life and fight for what you love.
Many couples stay together out of loyalty and obligation or from the fear of starting over
They say that after the storm, there's calm, well in my case... the storm turned into a hurricane.
Love your woman, because someone else would love your woman.
H.O.P.E. = Hold on, pain ends :)
Sometimes the best way to have peace is to just let go...
Love is real when you prove it, not when you say it.
Choose your happiness over everything.
Sometimes the end is a new beginning.
You'll never find someone who cares and loves you more than me.
There's a big difference between who u love , who u settle for , and who you're meant for.
Needing space doesn't mean I don't love you. It means I love you enough to ask for space.
I wonder what its like to be one of the pretty girls that every guy wants.
I promise to stay, if you promise to never leave
They can say whatever, their actions show their real feelings, everything else is just talk.
If arguments can break up the relationship easily then staying together might not be wise. The foundation isn't strong enough.
You don't have to be in a relationship, just to have someone to be down for you.
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us.
If I could go back to the day we met, I'm sorry but i'd turn around and walk the other way.
It's always been you.
Please don't be in love with someone else.
If I didn't care about you, I wouldn't get so mad at the things you do.
Some ppl don't change, love just made u blind to their true colors.
Some people just don't know how to love and past hurts are keeping them from learning.
If they break your promises, they will break your heart.
Not ALL men are going to be able to handle you &amp;amp that's okay. Not ALL men are meant to.
Sometimes the reason you wont let go of whats making you sad, is because at one time it was the only thing that made you happy.
Drama does not just walk into your life. You either create it, invite it or you associate with people who love to bring it into your life.
When a person is really into you, they will always find a way to make time for you. With no excuses.
The best relationship is when you can completely act yourself and they can still love you for who you are.
Yes I'm smiling. Yes you're the reason.
The problem with most women is that they give their all to a guy who isn't even willing to give her half of his.
Emotionally: I'm in pain. Mentally: I'm depressed. Spiritually: I'm stressed. Physically: I smile.
Weak people make weak relationship and play the dating game. Strong people build strong relationships and marriages.
Just because we don't talk anymore, doesn't mean that I don't care about you any less than I did before.
A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it's based on the foundation you built together.
Make sure all of your past issues are resolved before you bring old problems into a new relationship.
Work on yourself or the relationship won't work.
I honestly just miss you.
I might say I don't care, but we both know I do.
Love is when everything feels just so right when he/she around you and nothing else seems to appear or bother you.
Marriage is still a great idea.
A mother's nurture is fuel 4 the soul. A good mother pours care n2 the souls of their children like sunlight pours nutrients n2 plants.
Good times become good memories bad times become good lessons.
If you're too busy to call, I'll understand. If you're late on dates, I'll understand. But when I stop loving you, you better understand.
Never make a permanent decision based on temporary feelings
Learn to have patience in relationships. Their habits will eventually come out.
In life you really only have about 3 good friends.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.
It hurts the worst when the person that made you feel so special yesterday, makes you feel so unwanted today
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
The sun loved the moon so much, he died every night to let her breathe
People don't just wake up and go cheat. Trust me, it was very well thought about before it happened.
A great relationship isn't perfect ppl coming together, it's about two ppl learning to accept the imperfections
I've never been one for relationships but I would make you mine in a second...
All I really want is for you to hug me really tight and tell me everything's going to be alright.
Good sex can fix a bad argument, but it doesn't cure a bad relationship.
Some people will never appreciate the things you do for them.
A relationship is worth fighting for, but not if you're the only one fighting
Sometimes you have take yourself out on a date.
A pretty face gets attention, but a pretty heart gets commitment.
Do what makes you happy, be with those who make you smile, and laugh as much as you breathe.
Relationships start with "Can we talk?" and end with "We need to talk."
True love is like a pair of socks: you gotta have two and they've gotta match.
In this day in age, people know the price of everything, but value nothing.
Being lied to hurts, especially when you know it's a lie and especially from someone you love
Getting over someone is not forgetting them, its learning to live without them.
I am me. I am not willing to change for you, or anyone else. Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
I hate that "what if" feeling.
4 common date blunders include showing up late, talking about urself 2 much, revealing 2 much about ur ex, &amp;amp an over eagerness.
I might say I don't care, but we both know I do.
When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you want each other, something messes it all up.
Never give up. Great things take time.Expand
I wonder if anyone is secretly in love with me.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
That relationship where you can talk all the way from "good morning" to "goodnight" and never get bored of each other &amp;gt&amp;gt&amp;gt
When I'm around you, I just feel happy for no reason.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you
Sex can cause emotions that could cloud your judgent.
Fellas: you would get a chance with her if you would get a job.
Just because I don't talk to you anymore, doesn't mean that I dont miss you.
One day he will realize he lost a diamond while playing with worthless stones.
I'm done being nice to people.
The sun won't shine until you put the umbrella away.
A good relationship doesn't need any promises, terms or conditions, just two people who can trust and understand.
The hardest part of acting like you dont care, is knowing how much you actually do.
Painful past relationships can leave u broken in pieces. Don't move into a new one until u are put back together. They deserve all of you.
Spend time looking at the positives of the one you love instead of dwelling on the negatives.
Don't waste your time on someone who's not worth it. Instead, give time to those who give theirs back.
The best proof of love is trust.
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Time may heal all wounds, but there will always be scars.
I hate fighting with the one person who makes me smile the most.
Good relationships don't just happen.. they take time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together.
Real love is knowing someone's weaknesses and not taking advantage of them. Knowing their flaws &amp;amp accepting who they are.
Being single is better than being in the wrong relationship.
Sometimes he just want a "quicky." Give it to him!
Just because I don't talk to you it doesn't mean I still don't think about you. I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
Free yourself to live in your own special way, and don't waste time resenting how others choose to act.
People don't change, they just show u who they really are...
Everyone deserves someone who'll make them look forward to tomorrow.
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long, no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
Love has 4 letters, but so does Hate  Friends has 7 letter, but so does Enemies Truth has 5 letters, but so does Lying.
Small conversations are huge in relationships.
If you lose my trust, don't expect it back.
You've changed. I miss the old you.
Sometimes I push you away, because I need you to pull me closer.
It's sad when married men have to fight for sex in marriage.
Cuddling with you would be perfect right now.
No matter how much you know they love you, you'll have doubt sometimes. Humans by nature tend to doubt good things.
A lie is still a lie, regardless of the reason behind it.....
Maybe it's not always about trying to fix something that's broken. Maybe it's about starting over and creating something better.
It's hard to ignore someone who once meant so much to you.
Pain happens when you care.
Sex doesnt make a good relationship, the relationship makes the sex good.
Don't turn a minor disagreement into a flat out war, sometimes u just have to let it go.
I can't wait to see you again.
When you love someone, you just do. There are no maybe's, no but's, and no why's.
Don't ever make decisions when you're horny or angry.
Men, she has more body than brains. Connect with someone who can turn you on mentally and physically.
You can replace me, but you can't replace the memories you had with me.
That kiss after you haven't seen them in a while &amp;gt&amp;gt
Some people are better off alone.
Nobody has a perfect life. Everbody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with them without revealing it.
Time decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life, and your behaviour decides who stays in your life.
Real men stay dedicated to one girl.
Some people just don't know how to love and their past hurts prevent them from learning.
Sometimes, people choose to leave not because of selfish reasons but they just know that things will get worse if they stay.
Relationships can be as stressful as jobs. After all having someone is work!
Save your heart for someone who doesn't suffocate you, but leaves you breathless.
There are two options. Leave or Go. You don't have to stay in a bad situation.
If you're in a relationship make sure you continue doing the same thing it took to get them. It will take that too keep them.
Nothing fuels the fire of a heated argument more than a toxic attitude.
The worst kind of love is the one when you want someone but you know you can't have them.
Love and sorry are the only words u can't take at face value, they have to be proven
When your heart has been broken so many times its difficult trying to love with the pieces.
I'm a lazy ass texter, unless you're my best friend, cute, or I like you.
What's love without trust....
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay.
Sometimes I just want to get far far away from it all.
I'm not sure why they call it heartbreak because when you're hurt by someone, it feels like your whole body is broke.
If someone takes your love for granted, take your love somewhere else.
I still care, that's the problem.
As partner the aim should be to push each other, not push each other away.
Don't cry because they left. Just smile because they gave you a chance to find someone better.
It's not about how many times you tell someone that you love them, it's about how many times you prove that you do.
To increase intimacy, increase communication.
With all the toys in the world, people choose "feelings" to play with.
People change, and often they become the person they said they will never be.
If the relationship doesn't make you a better person then you are with wrong one.
We change for two reasons. Either, we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to....
Never go to the next level because of good sex. That may be the only thing that's good.
Sometimes to keep growing together, you have to grow apart, If you're blessed you can get a second chance with the one you love.
It's so hard not talking to you.
Take a chance... Because you never know how absolutely perfect something can turn out to be.
We've all wasted out time at least once or twice on the wrong person.
If you have to hide it then you doing something wrong.
Girls who don't ask for much, deserve it all.
Saying "I Love you," is not a cure all, but it is great to hear sometimes.
What the world may call "luck"... I call a blessing.
If fear didn't exist, I'd run up to you, kiss you and tell you that I love you.
It's funny how in a relationship you start and end the same way strangers smh...
When people show you their true colors , dont try painting a different picture.
Guys: its important that you cuddle with your woman after sex. If not, she'll feel like she just been raped.
Crushing on someone you have absolutely no chance with.
Please give me a chance to prove to you that I'll be the best decision you'll ever make.
Always remember: You're special. You're unique. You're beautiful. You're wanted. You're someone nobody can replace.
If you smile while no one is around you really mean it.
The reason why people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how far they still have to go, instead of how far they have gotten.
Some people will never change, and you have to accept that.
Stay true to the one you love.
i will always care for you, even if we're not together &amp;amp even if we're far, far away from each other.
Dating or not.. you're still mine.
You know you truly care about someone when you have to convince yourself that you dont..
Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention, is to stop giving them yours.
A good boyfriend will never pressure his girl into doing something that she's not comfortable with.
In life you really only have about 3 good friends.
Playing hard to get may backfire and make you no longer desirable to get.
The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
Words can hurt others, but sometimes, silence hurts even more than words.
I want what's the best for you, even if it doesn't include me.
Its not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship, that makes an unhappy relationship.
I don't think you understand how easily you make my day.
It's better to have ur heart broken once by walking away than to have it break daily waiting for things to get better.
I didn't choose you, my heart did.
Nothing Is Better Than Having Someone As Your Lover AND Your Best Friend.
You can't lose what you never had. If you weren't married to them, they were never yours.
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Never cry for someone who hurts you, just smile and say "thanks for giving me a chance to find someone better than you."
Being in love doesn't mean you have to be together and being together doesn't mean you're really in love.
You never give up on someone you love.
If I don't show it doesn't mean I don't feel it.
Its close to the end when you start missing the beginning.
The best relationships start off as a friendship first.
No relationship is worth hiding. If you have to hide it to be happy, it's not worth having.
A strong woman is one who is able to wake up this morning smiling like she didn't go to sleep hurting.
I just wish sometimes I could be young forever.
Either discuss the past or leave it behind. But don't keep bring it up every time something happens.
True love is trusting that if u have nothing else you'll be happy to still have each other
In times of tragedy, it causes you to look at all of your relationships and make them right.
During kinky sex, the man is most often the one bound.
Every time my phone vibrates, I hope it's you.
I'm not even upset, hurt, or angry anymore. I'm just tired. I'm tired of putting in more effort than I receive.
There is power in touching. Touch her much and watch the electricity!
We fight. We cuss. We kiss. We hug. We text. We talk. We argue. We laugh. We smile. We love. That's just us.
If two past lovers remain friends, it's either someone is still in love, or someone is still hoping for a second chance.
Those text messages you never want to erase! ?
A new relationship is like wood. After time, its needs to be treated for termites. Don't allow little things to eat at your relationship.
Some people come into our lives &amp;amp quickly go. Some stay for a while &amp;amp leave footprints on our hearts and we are never, ever the same.
Don't ever be afraid to show who you really are, because as long as you are happy with yourself, no one else's opinion matters.
If you find your mind is trying to kill what your heart is keeping alive, let it die.
Sometimes you have to let go to see if it was something worth holding on to.
I didn't choose to fall in love with you, my heart did.
Don�t judge my choices if you don�t understand my reasons.
If you like her, tell her.
I just wish you knew what I feel about you. That's it.
I really hate when friends change just because they meet new people..
Being lonely isn't the worst feeling. The worst feeling is being forgotten by someone you will never forget.
Care too little... You'll lose them. Care too much... you'll get hurt.
Don't say "I Love You" with a mouth full of lies. . .some people actually take it serious.
Love is simplest when I'm with you.
When I get a text from you my phone lights up and so does my heart.
text a girl ''hey beautiful'' and trust me, you could make her whole day
When u love someone more than they deserve, u end up more hurt then u deserve.
Maybe I don't cry, but it hurts. Maybe I won't say, but I feel. Maybe I don't show, but I care.
I justreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyreallyLike you ?
Let the past make you better not bitter.
I like you because I can never stay mad at you, I can't stand not talking to you and I can't stand the thought of losing you.
Sometimes you don't miss the person, you miss the memories.
It's said that beauty is only skin deep. That may be true, but an ugly attitude is of the soul.
That one person whose presence just instantly pisses you off.
Relationships last when both of you give it your all. Never hold back and never hold secrets from each other.
Learn to appreciate what you have, before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
You never know how strong u are until being strong is the only choice u have...
Tell me straight up how you really feel.
If we wait until we're ready, we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives.
It means everything when you message me first.
When u give up on someone, its not because you don't care, its because you realize they don't
I fall In love all over again. Every time I see you.
Ladies, your beauty is what gets a man's attention...but it will take much more to keep it.
You never text or talk to me anymore. You never keep conversations with me anymore. You kinda pushed me away. So, I did the same.
Every quote, every love song reminds you of him. Stop fooling yourself. You love that boy.
Don't mess up something that's down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
You do not have be with anyone to be happy. Sometimes its best to ride solo.
Once you have been hurt, you're so scared to get attached again, you fear that every person is going to break your heart.
Real men always have time for their girl. No matter what, even if he's busy, he'll find a way to make time for her.
A relationship is like a house. If a light bulb goes out, you fix the lightbulb, not go and buy a new house.
Just because we don't talk anymore, doesn't mean that I don't care about you any less than I did before.
Do you really stop living someone?
That one conversation that changed everything.
Commitment doesn't scare me, the thought of committing to the wrong person does.
Every girl has 3 personalities 1) When she's with her family. 2) When she's with her friends. 3) When she's with HIM.
Normally guys cheating on fine, beautiful women with girls that can't even compare to the one they already have.
Don't let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Once the trust is lost there is no time frame for when it comes back, if it ever does.
No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella if they huddle close
The most frequently expressed complaint men have about women is that women are always trying to change them.
Call me crazy, but I would rather be hurt than see you hurt.
The person you took for granted today, may turn out to be the person you need tomorrow.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains and look forward to what's coming next.
If you ask, very often you will receive. If you want some sex, ask!
A woman can be with any man in the world she wants to be with. But yet she chose you...Please don't take her for granted...
No where in the meaning of love is hurt, manipulation, abuse, suffering, disrespect, cheating, and mistreatment.
People change, feelings too. Doesn't mean the love once shared wasn't real. It just means that sometimes, when people grow, they grow apart.
Remember, you are smarter than you think, braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem.
Sometimes you love people, you just hate their ways.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people.
Relationships are either all or nothing, make sure you're not exchanging ur all for nothing.
Over thinking kills happiness, insecurities kill self-esteem and lies kills trust.
Learn to forgive and move on.
I miss laughing with you and having a great time with you
#Ladies A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better
If someone sticks by your side through your worst times, then they deserve to be with you through your good times.
Keep it real with me, I'll keep it real with you.
Ladies: you would rather not be carried over the threshold of marriage than to be carried through the court of divorce.
Best Relationship: Talk like best friends, play like children, argue like husband and wife, protect each other like brother and sister.
Make your ex regret losing you. And make your next want to thank him for letting you go. Because the best revenge is moving on.
I don't want much.. Just your hugs, kisses and you.
I don't care how attractive you are. If your personality is ugly, so are you.
Some people don't notice when they have something good.
Ladies never let the feeling of being loneliness drive u back into someone who really doesnt care anything for u
I go to sleep every night thinking of you.
I miss you, a lot.
We fight. We cuss. We kiss. We hug. We text. We talk. We argue. We laugh. We smile. We love. That's just us.
Sex can cause emotions that could cloud your judgent.
Act like a lady, think like a boss.
Missing you FUCKING sucks..
Don't just give people your all, make them earn it.
I just hope you miss me too.
Make and keep clear agreements.
You don't hurt people that you love &amp;amp if they love you they wouldn't hurt you either
Don't make a fool of yourself being faithful to someone who's playing you.
You can't go back and deal with the problems of the past, you have to treat the root of how it affects your present.
Sometimes you have to forget who that person was to you in the past, and accept they arent that person anymore.
It's amazing how a person who was a stranger yesterday, can today suddenly mean the world to you.
Sometimes the person you fall for isn't ready to catch you.
Someday you'll be everything to someone, just be patient.
A friend understands your past, believes in your future, and loves you just the way you are.
I fear that I'm going to be alone the rest of my life.
The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me.
Men, "man up" and take responsibility. Get 3 jobs if you have to. You're the man!
l love you, but I hate you. I miss you, but I'm better off without you. I want you out of my life, but I never want to let you go.
No matter how much you know they love you, you'll have doubt sometimes. Humans by nature tend to doubt good things.
Don't ever give up on something or someone that you can't go a full day without thinking about.
I just want you to miss me like I miss you.
When a girl says I love you, she means it.
If it still hurts, you still care..
When someone likes you .. they'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for you.
Every woman deserves a man who respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his effort.
If you're fighting for a spot in their heart, it simply means there's no space for u there...
In life, when one thing ends.. Something else begins.
Poor communication leads to poor intimacy which equals a poor relationship.
#Ladies A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better
I'd like to think that someday you'll understand.
Don't change so someone will like you just be yourself and the right person will like and love the real you.
Missing someone does not mean you need to be with them.
Sometimes u have to ask urself are u holdin on because its worth it, or because u don't want to feel like u failed
No matter how many times you knock me down, I'll stand back up every time.
Don't put your faith in words, trust only in actions.
Always remember that no matter how useless you feel, you are someones reason to smile.
Sometimes u have to do what is right for u even if it means breaking someone's heart, including ur own.
If u love someone you'll wait for them, but u also have to love yourself enough to know when to walk away.
Your mind will never forget what your heart won't forgive...
Love is a lot like trouble, Easy to get into and hard to get out of.
What you put up with you end up with, you can only expect what you accept.
I didn't change. You just never knew me.
Actions prove who someone is. Words prove who they wanna be.
Sometimes you expect more, because u would do that much for them.
Love shouldn't hurt.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Men, she has more body than brains. Connect with someone who can turn you on mentally and physically.
I don't care how we met, I'm just happy we did.
Sometimes the wrong choices, bring us to the right places.
When you accept someone, you accept their past too. Don't hold it against them later.
Everyone has a secret that will never be told.
Social networks destroy relationships that are without trust and full of insecurities.
If they lied to get you, they're probably lying to keep you.
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.
Sometimes someone comes into your life that changes everything. Raises the standards, makes you laugh and makes you feel like you.
Real men settle down.
What you put up with you end up with, you can only expect what you accept.
Guys: If a girl can put up with you through your worst days, and still stick with you and your mistakes, then you shouldn't let her go.
I miss seeing your name show up on my phone.
I person can say I love you only to get you do things they want. Don't be fooled with lip service.
The nicest young ladies are always the ones who have put up with the most shit in their lives
Dont talk, just act. Dont say, just show. Dont promise, just prove your love.
Don't ignore me for days and then start talking to me again like nothing happened
It's ALOT better to keep things to yourself than have to explain it to people that don't care.
When someone is so sweet to you, don't expect that they will be like that all the time because even the sweetest chocolate expires.
Don't leave the one you love for the one you like just because they are giving you what you want at the moment.
The same one who mistreated you will end up needing you.
Never let someone play with your mind. They can control your body.
A good relationship develops over time.
Sometimes all you need, is someone who can make you smile.
The biggest mistake I have made in my life is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserve.
Don't push your relationship with a person too hard, if its meant to be then it will happen.
Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate u is like standing in quick sand, slowly sinking in sadness.
I smiled to many people for more than a billion times but when I first saw you, my heart took over and smiled for the first time.
It sucks because I know you can find someone prettier, smarter, cooler, taller, skinnier, nicer, calmer, clearer, stronger, better, etc.
Even the nicest people have their limits.
Relationships are about give and take. The problem is, most people take more than they give.
The less people you have in your business, the less drama you will have in your life.
Saying I love you is not enough. You must show them.
don't say you miss me when you don't even try to talk to me
Having a 'type' is having a limit, your type should be whoever makes you feel good and does good by you.
Those who are heartless, once cared too much.
You've changed. I miss the old you.
I'm not a backup plan, and definitely not a second choice.
I'm done being nice to people.
Stuff happens, people change, life changes, it breaks our heart and we move on because that's all we can do
When a man shuts down, it's difficult to get him back open.
Don't stay in a bad marriage because of the kids.
I hate the idea of anyone else having you.
Ladies: If a man doesn't value your kids, he doesn't value you.
Caring too much is part of the problem.
It hurts when you have someone in your heart but you can't have them in your arms.
Distance never separates two hearts that really care.
Sometimes I hate getting close to people because I think they will just eventually walk out of my life no matter how close we are.
Arguments last because u try to explain WHY you messed instead of accepting it and explaining HOW you'll make it better.
Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them, because you never know, tomorrow could be too late.
Stress is the number one relationship killer.
I don't chase after anyone anymore. If you wanna walk out of my life I'll hold the fucking door open.
It's always been you.
Maintain honesty to maintain a healthy relationship.
When a girl says "do whatever you want." DO NOT do whatever you want.
No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella if they huddle close
I miss you so much.
My favorite place in the world is next to you.
Over thinking is what kills you.
I love my life with everything and everyone that I have, thank you God.
People change. Memories don't.
If the relationship doesn't make you better then you are with the wrong person
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
Once I get you, I don't plan on losing you.
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
No matter how hard I try, you just don't recognize how hard I try for you.
The people you think you can't live without are usually the ones you need to live without.
If you like her, tell her.
The worst thing is holding on to someone who doesn't want to be held on to.
Loving someone means you'll wait for them, but you need to respect yourself too: by knowing when to walk away.
Don't just wait for things to happen, nothing will happen if you don't make it happen.
Right now at this very minute, someone remembers you and wishes you were there.
Never set your standards too high to where that person doesn't exist.
Love is always a gamble, but waiting won't change the dice, either u roll them or u lose your turn
To calm an angry woman, give her the credit card and let her go!
You've changed, but I guess that's life.
Sex without love and passion is meaningless.
Sometime its better to associate with a lot of men than associate with a few messy women.
Fight for love not an idea of love. True love will make it through anything but an idea of love which is lust doesn't last.
You can't loose what you never had , You can't keep what's not yours &amp;amp You can't hold on to someone that does not want to stay.
They don't cheat with u because you're better, they cheat with u because ur okay playing second.
I might get hurt, but I'm never broken.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return.
We all have that one ex that changed us...
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Being honest won't get you a lot of friends, but it will get you the right ones.
Its okay to accept a million mistakes, but never accept the same mistake over and over again
I want a long lasting relationship. Someone who will be there for me, support me, trust me, comfort me, appreciate me, and love me.
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
Why it is so hard to love myself?
Do you ever just want to pack up and leave out of the blue without saying anything to anyone like just leave and start a new life.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Love will make you steal someone's heart and give them yours.
If you cant save the relationship at least save your pride, don't let anyone walk all over you.
Relationships last longer when everyone doesn't know your business.
The tough times either bring y'all closer together or bring y'all further apart.
I always remember those little moments I had with you.
You're really good at not letting people love you.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back.
I still remember the first time I fell for you.. I haven't gotten up since.
That awkward moment when someone is being accused for something you did...
The past is behind, Learn from it. The future is ahead, Prepare for it. The present is here, Live it.
Never be quick to accept info about the one you love. The motive of the info carrier may be to destroy your love.
Don't waste your time on someone who don't have time for you.
I hate that feeling you get in your throat when you're trying to talk when you're about to cry.
Sometimes, people who are thousands of miles away can make you feel better than people right beside you.
I wish my feelings had a delete button.
Sometimes you have to let go to see if it was something worth holding on to.
If the relationship doesn't make you better then you are with the wrong person
Waiting hurts. Forgetting hurts. But not knowing which decision to take is the worst of suffering.
A little jealousy in a relationship is good, it's nice to know someone is afraid to lose you.
I learned a lot about falling in love when I fell out of love. I learned a lot about being a friend when I was alone.
When I miss you, I read our old conversations, listen to songs that reminds me of you, then miss you more.
There comes a point in your life when you realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will.
Don't sweat the small stuff. Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Work diligently. Then let go and let what's meant to be, be.
If you want to be trusted, be honest.
Problems, friends, fakes, love, dating, breakups, responsibility, drama, heartache, failures, stress, happiness... It's life.
To lose some arguments is to gain peace. In other words guys, let her win so that she can be quiet.
When you connect with someone mentally, everything else falls in place.
Be joyful just because you can. Be helpful just because you can. Be happy just because you are.
Purposely holding your feelings back because you know it's for the best.
Nobody's perfect, we screw up, we make mistakes, have heartbreaks, go through hard times but you need to know that this is life.
Relationships=commitment
Sick of crying, tired of trying, yes I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying.
Do you ever want to just drive away and leave everything behind forever?
We change for two reasons. Either, we learn enough that we want to or we've been hurt enough to have to....
Honestly I don't need someone that sees the good in me. I need someone who sees the bad, and still wants me.
You'll get bored of me, annoyed with me, hate me, stop talking to me. You'll eventually leave me, just like everyone else.
My feelings for you will never go away.
A Woman no matter how many time she denies it, she'll always remember every detail, moment you hurt her...
Sometimes you just gotta accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.
Every time I look at you, it's like I'm falling for you all over again.
Never let anyone walk all over you.
If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind wanders.
You're the special one for me.
If you're trapped between your feelings and what other people think is right, always go for whatever makes you happy.
I really like you. A lot. I know sometimes I mess up and do things that make it seem like I don't care but trust me, you're my world.
When love is ready to find you..it will. In the meantime, get down to the business of finding yourself!
Its not hard to sacrifice, its just hard to find that someone who deserves  your sacrifice,
If u love someone you'll wait for them, but u also have to love yourself enough to know when to walk away.
Sex with the one you love should be fun and exciting. If not, then it's time change the routine.
Ever since sex became easy to get, love became harder to find.
It's not the way you look that made me fall in love with you, but it's the way you look at me.
Sometimes you have to know your place in someone's life because you might get hurt if you expect too much.
If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders.
When you forgive, STOP bringing it up, no one wants to be around someone who constantly makes them feel guilty.
You don't need a perfect boyfriend. All you need is one who loves your weirdness, wants to spend time with you and respects you.
Don't let anyone come in between what y'all built. Protect your relationship.
You're the only one i want
Lose the argument, not the person.
You'll get bored of me, annoyed with me, hate me, stop talking to me. You'll eventually leave me, just like everyone else.
Time decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life, and your behaviour decides who stays in your life.
I want a man who promises me nothing but tries to give me everything.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is
Love doesn't see color.
Once I get you, I don't plan on losing you.
A morning text doesn't only mean "Good Morning."It also means:"I think of you when I wake up." ?
If you didn't treat her right with love, respect &amp;amp care, then you shouldn't be upset when another man does.
I hate that I love you...
Face your problems. Don't Facebook your problems.
Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life... love gives us a fairy tale.
If they don't fight for you, they're not right for you.
A relationship without trust or commitment is like pushing a door that says pull, It just won't work.
Sometimes you just gotta accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.
A successful relationship means growth and maturity came from it, lessons were learned, changes for the better were made and so forth...
One of the worst feelings in the world is having to doubt something you thought was unquestionable.
Do you ever wish you had a second chance to meet someone again for the first time?
If he misses you, he'll call. If he wants you, he'll say it. And if he cares, he'll show it.
If I fell asleep texting you it's because I didn't wanna say goodbye.
I just miss the old you.
A billion feelings, a thousand thoughts, hundreds of memories, all for that one person. ?
A relationship without trust and commitment is like pushing a door that says PULL. It just won't work.
Don't be so sweet that people will eat you up, or so bitter that people will spit you out.
Value yourself enough to choose to be with someone who wants you as much as you want them.
I miss seeing your name show up on my phone.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin
Never let a person cause you not to love again.
You should never compare your relationship to others.
You wanna know who's amazing &amp;amp has the cutest smile ever? Read the first word again.
There's no such thing as 'lying to save your feelings', a lie is a lie.
Don't rush anything. When the time is right, it'll happen.
Never set your standards too high to where that person doesn't exist.
Never call one another out of your names. Try to use words that build and not break.
Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating!
Sometimes what you want most is what you're best without.
When you forgive, STOP bringing it up, no one wants to be around someone who constantly makes them feel guilty.
Word of advice: Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
I wonder if we'll ever talk again like we used to.
Anyone can make u happy by doing something special, but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything.
It's amazing how a person who was a stranger yesterday, can today suddenly mean the world to you.
Prove to me that you care.
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, don't decide when you're sad and respect their decision to do the same.
When it's yours, love it. One day it might not be yours, so value and appreciate it while it's still yours.
On average, daters will kiss on the second date.
Never jeopardize a good thing for a new thing.
A relationship without trust and commitment is like pushing a door that says PULL. It just won't work.
She doesn't want you to be perfect, bro. Just make her feel like she's the only one.
Be honest with me thats all I ask for..
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
The person you are dating should give you a clear picture of what you don't want in  relationship.
You can fall in love many times with many different people. However, I don't think that you can fall in love the same way twice.
A woman's silence says it all. Her silence &amp;amp lack of expression means that she's reached her breaking point!
Real men stay faithful. They don't have time to look for another woman, because they're too busy looking for new ways to love their own.
She didn't leave you for making too many mistake's , she left because you made the same mistake , too many times
We spend our lives searching for answers we don't know, and loving people who don't love us back.
Sometimes they push you away because they know you deserve better.
I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day.
Never give up. Great things take time.Expand
I want you and only you.
Guy love females who initiate.
You don't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, it's based on the foundation you built together.
When I get a text from you, I immediately stop what I'm doing just to read it.
I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I can also admit, that I've accepted the fact that things have changed.
True love is when your heart and your minds are saying the same thing.
That awkward moment when someone is being accused for something you did...
When you smile at me, i can't help but feel loved.
Don't worry about the things you can't change. It makes it harder to focus on the things you can.
You think you know people, then they surprise you.
Ladies, NEVER stay where you're not wanted.
Miracles start to happen when you give as much energy to your dreams as you do to your fears.
A real woman is a reward. Her time is to be earned &amp;amp her love is to be appreciated.
Ladies never let the feeling of being loneliness drive u back into someone who really doesnt care anything for u
All I want is someone to stay, no matter how hard it is to put up with me.
One of the biggest mistake girls always make is falling too hard for a guy.
I want someone to cuddle with on the couch as we're wrapped up in fuzzy blankets watching old Disney movies and drinking hot chocolate.
A woman has a profound need for conversation. Make sure she has your undivided attention.
I will always miss you, trust me.
The greatest need of a man is actually not sex, its respect.
Women's logic: When you like a guy, do nothing about it and expect him to magically know and make the first move.
Stop waiting for the perfect moment, because you'll probably never do much of anything. Take the moment and make it perfect!
I really want a relationship where we can act like idiots, talk about the most random stuff, share music and never get tired of each other.
You shouldn't be judging someone based on their past.
The greatest revenge is happiness.
I'm not a backup plan, and definitely not a second choice.
Sometimes u have to ask yourself are you holding on because its worth it, or because you don't want to feel like u failed.
Love is a lot like trouble, Easy to get into and hard to get out of.
Emotionally: I'm in pain. Mentally: I'm depressed. Spiritually: I'm stressed. Physically: I smile.
The problem with closed minded people is that their mouths are always open.
I'm not close to many people anymore.
That awkward moment when you realize that you married the wrong person.
i wish my mind had a delete button
Don't try to understand everything. Sometimes it is not meant to be understood, just accepted.
People always leave. Don't worry, you get used to it and most importantly, learn to deal with it.
Being in a relationship with someone who is emotionally unavailable is like trying to drive a car with no tires.
I miss you, but I'd rather not bother you.
Her boyfriend left her because she is too fat. So she decides to get sexier, here are her before/after pictures:...
Having sex can make a woman look younger and more attractive.
Love is what is left in a relationship after all the selfishness has been removed.
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
Don't judge me, you only see what I choose to show you.
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
Dear Someone, Thank you for being there and for giving me so many reasons to smile.
People don't change, they just show u who they really are...
A "good morning" text from that special person is the best way to start the day.
Life don't come with a script, so quit acting.
I miss you, but I'd rather not bother you.
People come and go in your life, but the right ones will always stay.
Don't wait for the 'perfect moment', take the moment and make it perfect
Sometimes you have to go through the worst, in order to get to the best.
If they trust in you, no proof is necessary, but if the trust is lost, no proof will ever be good enough...
After someone hurts you, you're not the same anymore.
I'm not looking for someone who has everything. I'm looking for someone who can share time with me more than anything.
A year ago I would have never guessed my life would be the way it is today.
Never reject anybody in your life, because good people give us happiness &amp;amp bad people give us experience. Both are essential in life.
Never get too attached to someone, because attachments lead to expectations and expectations lead to disappointments.
They ignore you now, but they'll need you later.
It totally sucks to feel like you're being annoying to that person you want to talk to.
Over thinking is what kills you.
You don't need anybody that does not need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you &amp;amp get rid of those who don't.
Sooner or later you'll get tired of listening to them apologize for the same thing they promised to never do again.
Old songs = Best memories.
I just need a day off from reality, just a day without people, problems, and all the bullshit that runs through my mind.
If you have a single person's mentality, do NOT be in a relationship.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other. They make take detours in life, but they're never lost.
Every woman deserves a man who respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his effort.
I'm done trying. If you want me in your life, let me know.
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Have an open mind in a relationship.
To you maybe i'm just a nobody, but to me, you're my everything.
Do your research. Don't go to bed with someone and wake up to a nightmare 3 kids later.
Everything reminds me of you.
She didn't leave you for making too many mistake's , she left because you made the same mistake , too many times
Pain is temporary, love is forever, don't make it the other way around.
Cuddling with you would be perfect right now.
When you love someone, even though they hurt you and break your heart, you still love them with all the little pieces.
Its much easier to turn friendship into love than love into a friendship.
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Some people will never fit into your life, no matter how much you want them too.
Your heart may want them back but let your head tell yourself to let them go.
Lying is like a crumbling a piece of paper, no matter how hard u try to straighten it out, it'll never be the same.
When love leaves...do love things until love comes back.
Blood makes you related, loyalty makes you family.
That moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.
I don't need anyone who doesn't need me.
Don't be the reason she doesn't trust guys.
Don't ever give up.
I miss you, but fuck you.
Two people can really love each other, but sometimes they just get confused and forget how to let each other know.
Never place your happiness in someone else's hands.
The more anger towards the past  you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
Very often, your problems are only in your head.
The one you love should be your best friend before being your lover.
I am me. I am not willing to change for you, or anyone else. Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
Reflection cannot be seen in boiling water, the same way, truth cannot be seen in anger, analyze before you finalize.
Single and "In A relationship" are just terms...Your heart determines your status
Learn to appreciate what you have before time makes you appreciate what you had.
After someone hurts you, you're not the same anymore.
You can't be in a relationship half-way. You're either in it or not.
Sometimes you just miss the memories,not the person
Everything about you is so perfect. ?
Sometimes u have to ask yourself are you holding on because its worth it, or because you don't want to feel like u failed.
He's the kind of guy who makes you love your name just because he says it.
There are many ways to show affection. Learn to receive them all.
I'm not okay but I smile.
I hate being ignored, I look like an idiot trying to get your attention.
That one person that makes you happy as soon as you start talking to them.
Sometimes the best way to have peace is to just let go...
Don't be afraid to let go, if you're thinking of letting go, then you know you can do better.
Don't be someone your not to please someone who has no Idea who you really are.
You're really good at not letting people love you.
The sun loved the moon so much, he died every night to let her breathe
Right now at this very minute, someone remembers you and wishes you were there.
Ladies, if you don't please your man, someone else would love to please your man.
Insecure people run people off. Thats why you're single.
I love you... Don't ever question that.
Letting go doesn't mean giving up... it means moving on.
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
I hate that 'what if' feeling
No one comes with a 'clear history' button, so u have to accept their past.
Passion is a must in relationship.
Love is like a shadow, the more steps you make towards it, the further it moves away from you but yet it follows your whole entire life.
I wish I knew what goes on in your head when we talk.
Sometimes u have to ask yourself are you holding on because its worth it, or because you don't want to feel like u failed.
Never complain about the person you are in a relationship with. They are a reflection of your intelligence.
I hate those moments where I know something isn't right, but I don't know what went wrong.
Things I don't feel like doing today: Moving.
Yes, I've changed. Pain does that to people.
The one you love should be your best friend before being your lover.
When someone loves you they don't have to say it you can tell by the way they treat you.
Fact about girls: they may have a lot of crushes, but their hearts will always belong to that one special guy.
In life, it's not about being who everyone else wants you to be, but about being you and finding someone who loves every bit of it.
If a person wants 2 be in ur life, they will make an effort 2 be there.. Don't bother saving a spot for them if they won't stay.
Everyone deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
It takes 2 seconds to say I love you but it takes a lifetime of trust and respect to prove it true.
Don't change yourself just to make someone else happy. If that person truly loves you, there's no reason for a change.
I miss your texts...so much.
If someone wants to be a part of your life, they'll make an effort. If not, make and exit.
You change for two reasons, either u learn enough that u want to, or you've been hurt enough that u have to.
Love yourself first. Everything else second.
Face your problems. Don't Facebook your problems.
Choose who you marry wisely. They have the potential to take half of your possessions.
People don't change, they adjust, but underneath, they are who they are...
Seriously, I want to cuddle with you right now.
One of the hardest decisions you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.
Sometimes you try so hard to take care of everyone else that you forget to take care of yourself.
Everybody deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
A relationship doesn't need promises, terms &amp;amp conditions. Just two people who love each other &amp;amp want to be together.
Increasing sex from once a month 2 once a week is equivalent 2 the amount of happiness generated by getting a raise $50k in income.
I wish my feelings had a delete button so I don't have to feel this way anymore.
When having sex be creative. Inactivity during sex is like having sex with a dead body.
When your mate gets quiet, something is wrong. Learn to read their silence. Sometimes it's speaks louder than words.
You have three types of friends in life: Friends for a reason, friends for a season, and friends for a lifetime.
You shouldn't have to fight for a space in somebody's heart. It means that there is not space for you.
A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things but will never leave you.
restarting the whole song because you missed your favorite line
Sometimes you're not afraid of letting go, you're just afraid of accepting the fact it's gone.
Anyone can give good sex. Connect with someone that brings more to the table.
Relationships are not easy but it's not suppose to be as hard as people make them.
Always be there for the people who mean the most to you.
I'd rather hear a guy say, "I've made plans for us," instead of the usual, "I don't know, whatever you wanna do."
I wish I could go back to my old life where everything was okay.
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person.
If you start to miss me remember, I didn't walk way. You let me go.
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours.
Some people spend more time on their computer than they do with their mate. Shut it down, so you can start something else up!
Control issues are signs of abusive tendencies.
I'd rather fight with you than love anyone else..
On average, daters will kiss on the second date.
Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.
Your heart may want them back but let your head tell yourself to let them go.
The truth doesn't cost anything, but lies may cost you everything.
Don't try the same sexual positions all the time. Try different places, positions, and times. Become spontaneous in your sex life.
A person that truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.
Right now at this very minute, someone thinks the world of you.
The wedding ring goes on the left ring finger, cause that's the only finger that has a vein that goes directly to the heart.
Don't let little stupid things break your happiness.
Men are motivated and empowered when they feel needed. Women are motivated and empowered when they feel cherished.
No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella if they huddle close
Missing you makes me feel stupid.
Don't lower your standards to 'keep' anyone, if they're not making you happy, its time to find someone who does.
'Sorry' is not meant to get you out of trouble, its meant to acknowledge you did something wrong.
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made.
Everyone has imperfections. i have a choice when I'm in a relationship w/ you to put w/ your or not.
Greedy people don't fare well in relationships. Relationships are suppose to be unselfish.
Stubbornness will stunt relationship growth.
I don't think you understand how easily you make my day.
I want to meet myself from someone else's point of view.
You wanna know who's amazing &amp;amp has the cutest smile ever? Read the first word again.
Real men respect women &amp;amp real women respect the men who never stops showing it.
I'm tired of not knowing where I stand with you.
It's beauty that captures your attention personality which captures your heart.
I instantly smile when your name shows up on my phone..
Sometimes you have to face the fact that you all are NOT compatible.
You can never "just be friends" with someone you fell in love with.
Every girl wants to be told that she is stunning, because for those few seconds... she'll feel like she's flying.
Go home. Hug your children. Tell them you love them.
I want you. Simple as that.
When someone shows u their true colors, don't try to paint a different picture. Sell them on ebay.
Your relationship with yourself determines how healthy your relationship will be others.
Four out of 10 workplace dating relationships result in marriage.
Respect has to be earned.
People don't just wake up and go cheat. Trust me, it was very well thought about before it happened.
A friend understands your past, believes in your future, and loves you just the way you are.
I'll admit, I never once thought you'd be this important to me.
If you leave, just know that you're taking my heart with you.
Just being with you will always make my day complete.
When a person is really into you, they will always find a way to make time for you. With no excuses.
6 Keys to a good relationship: friendship, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, and communication.
True love doesn't care about age.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends.
Remember how blessed you are to see another day.
I'm cold, let's cuddle.
Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you.
Sometimes I talk quieter just to see who is still listening.
When I'm with you, I feel like I'm a better person. I feel happier... less alone, less lonely.
Once you fall in love there's no going back to being just friends.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is
Don't punish your "next" for what your "ex" did.
Every man needs affirmation and appreciation.
Don't make a fool of yourself being faithful to someone who's playing you.
Some people walked out of your life for a reason, don't try to force them back in for just any reason.
Unless I'm with you, don't worry about what I do
Once you realize they don't care, then you stop.
Never try to be someone's idea of perfect Because everyone's idea of perfect is different.
I wonder if anyone is secretly in love with me.
I still get butterflies whenever I see you.
A lot of ppl would rather stay single because they're tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothing.
I fell in love with you, I don't know how, I don't know when, I don't know where... but I did.
When u accept someone into your life, you're also accepting their baggage, and no one travels without a packed bag.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong. And start being focusing on what could go right.
Ppl are who they are, don't expect them to live up to an image u create
There comes a time when you need to stop breaking your back for the very ones who won't even bend their backs for you!
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is be someone who can be loved, the rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
When I talk to you, my day gets a whole lot better.
There are two reason you don't trust people. You don't know them, or your really know them.
Sometimes you love people, you just hate their ways.
Just because something good ends doesn't mean something better won't begin.
When you fall in love with someone, their flaws turn into perfections..
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and decide when you're sad.
Reading old messages and realizing how much you miss that person.
Don�t judge my choices if you don�t understand my reasons.
The only reason why I'm still trying after all this time and hurt is because I still believe in the perfect possibility of us.
Sometimes the best way to get their attention is to stop giving them yours
Sometimes you just have to forgive and let go.
That kiss after you haven't seen them in a while &amp;gt&amp;gt
Smile. It irritates those who try to destroy you.
Why do I like you so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much?
One day I'm going to wake up, roll over on my side, and kiss the love of my life good morning.
You can fake a smile, but you can't fake your feelings.
Sometimes a heart cannot afford to be "just friends".
A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.
Save your heart for someone who really cares.
Take a moment to realize how blessed you are.
You're really good at not letting people love you.
People lie to you, they tell you what you want to hear so when you fall in love with them there not the same person u thought they were.
Assumption are the termites of relationships.
She doesn't want you to be perfect, bro. Just make her feel like she's the only one.
Fake smiles, real tears.
Some people cheat not because they don't realize what they have but because they don't know what they want.
Everyone has an annoying friend. If you don't have one, it's probably you.
Sometimes it's best not to care.
I really want a relationship where we can act like idiots, talk about the most random stuff, share music and never get tired of each other.
A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.
I want to be everything you need.
You'll get bored of me, annoyed with me, hate me, stop talking to me. You'll eventually leave me, just like everyone else.
One of the greatest challenges in relationship is determining whether you will accept the faults of the person you love.
The good times should outweigh the bad.
Respect other people's relationships, there's so many fish in the sea, don't try and mess with the one that's caught.
It actually kills me when we don't talk, it kills me when you ignore me, it kills me when you're busy with your life.
I might say I don't care, but we both know I do.
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
When you forgive, STOP bringing it up, no one wants to be around someone who constantly makes them feel guilty.
I want to be with you. Everyday.
I'm not close to many people anymore.
Love doesn't have conditions. "If you don't do this or that then I don't love you anymore." Love is unconditional.
I don't want a perfect relationship, I want ones who fight about stupid things &amp;amp still love each other after .
Unbelievable good things happen when you follow you gut, your truth, your passion, and your heart.
LADIES: one thing you should always keep in mind...you are BEAUTIFUL..
Not all relationships are meant to last, they're just practice for the one that does
Don't make the mistake of hurting some who loves you, for someone who hurts you and doesn't love you at all...
I don't really have a type. If I like you, I like you.
Appreciate what you have before it's what you had.
Remember how it was when you were dating. Exhibit that same kind of passion throughout the relationship.
No one has the power to make you angry. You give them that authority.
I lose interest when I get ignored.
Don't punish your "next" for what your "ex" did.
And I still remember the first day I met you.
Stop talking, start doing. Stop wishing, start working.
I'm not perfect, I make mistakes, I hurt people, but when I say sorry, I actually mean it.
The person who makes you feel on top of the world, can be the same one to push you off.
Being single is wiser than being in a false relationship.
Love takes it's time. Love doesn't rush. Trust in Love's timing, it is always correct.
Don't force someone to make time for you. If they really want to, they will.
I automatically smile when you message me.
One day she's going to get over you. And on that day you'll realize that she loved you more than anyone ever could.
Being someone's first love is great, but being someone's last love is perfect.
The person you're meant for will make u cry, but that same person will also be there to wipe the tears away.
Sorry is sincere until their actions back it up.
Don't worry about the things you can't change. It makes it harder to focus on the things you can.
To be honest, you're the only one I've ever spent this much time on.
Have you ever thought you could be sleeping with one of your worst enemies.
People will lie to you, for you to learn that sometimes, the only person you can really trust is yourself.
When dating make sure you are intellectually connected. There is nothing like cute and dumb.
Sometimes, we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second.
Dont talk, just act. Dont say, just show. Dont promise, just prove your love.
To keep a real woman you have to: 1) Keep your promises. 2) Be romantic no matter what. 3) Be honest with her 100% of the time.
I will love you however you allow me to be your friend or lover, just so I can stay in your life.
Love yourself enough to leave the person you once loved.
Never accept lies for the sake of saving your relationship, if they're lying to you, there's nothing to save.
Real women stay and commit. Girls come and go. Boys play around. Real men settle down.
A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together, its based on the foundation you built together.
I promise you this, no matter who enters your life, I will love you more than any of them.
You don't have to be in a relationship, just to have someone to be down for you.
All you need is someone who you connect with and who's willing to stick with you no matter what.
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
If you were happy before you knew someone, you can be happy when they're gone.
Be with someone who brings out the best in you, not the stress in you.
A real man is there when you need a shoulder to cry on, or need someone to talk to, not just when he wants to be on top of you.
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes...the person you want most is the person you're best without.
My biggest fear is that one day you are going to walk out of my life and never look back.
If you feel a certain way say it. No one can read minds.
Don't give up just because things are hard.
Never chase after people who don't want to be caught.
When you connect with someone mentally, everything else falls in place.
Whenever you feel like going back to them, just remember u left for a reason and going back doesn't reverse the problem.
If people would get to know each other before jumping into a relationship alot of people wouldn't have heart breaks.
I'm tired of fighting, for once I want to be fought for.
If love is not worth waiting for, it's not worth having.
If you got her trust don't lose it. If you got her love don't abuse it...
Until you're broken, you don't know what you're made of. It gives you the ability to build yourself all over again, but stronger than ever.
Sometimes the reason it's so hard for us to be happy is simply because we refuse to let go of the things that make us sad.
Don't ever be afraid to show who you really are, because as long as you are happy with yourself, no one else's opinion matters.
In love, it is better to know and be disappointed than to not know and always wonder.
A true love is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way u are.
When love is real... it finds a way.
Wake up and text that special person "I Love You."
You never realize you lost something good until you see somebody else enjoying it.
The three most important words you can learn about life: It goes on..
Let love brighten every corner of your world.
What happens between us, stays between us.
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing something will happen. Courage is making something happen.
Don't turn a minor disagreement into a flat out war, sometimes u just have to let it go.
I want to be everything you need.
It's you. It's always been you :)
Unbelievable good things happen when you follow you gut, your truth, your passion, and your heart.
Dear Past, Thanks for all the lessons. Dear Future, I'm ready to go.
When I'm alone, i think of so many things to say to you, when I have a chance to tell you. I go speechless.
Never confuse love with lust.
Don't stay in a bad marriage because of the kids.
The worst feeling isn't being lonely, its being forgotten by someone you'd never forget
The worst kind of love is the one when you want someone but you know you can't have them.
I'm scared to see you with someone else.
I miss you as soon as you leave.
Just thinking about you, makes me smile.
I'm afraid that you'll love someone else beside me.
People say that the bad memories cause the most pain. But actually it's the good ones that drive you insane.
I'm a lazy ass texter, unless you're my best friend, cute, or I like you.
In life you always have one of two things, either you have the thing you are capable of achieving, or the reasons why you don't.
Texting is not a substitute for calling. An attractive voice can stimulate senses that sets the tone for the night.
A real boyfriend calls you for nothing, texts you all the time, wants to see you, cries, gets jealous, over protective and loves you.
Never chase love, affection or attention, if it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having
All I really want is for you to hug me really tight and tell me everything's going to be alright.
You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it. it's no longer a mistake. It's a choice.
Every woman is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it.
When someone loves you they don't have to say it you can tell by the way they treat you.
Don't want to cheat? Well don't put yourself in a position to cheat. Run from temptation.
The dumbest thing ever is when you both love each other but aren't together..
Problems in relationship occur when you concentrate on what is missing in the other person than what you love about them.
Love your woman, because someone else would love your woman.
Good relationships don't just happen. It takes time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together.
Don't let your pride get in the way of what your heart is trying to say
Love is not suppose to hurt, so if you're crying more than smiling its time to move on.
Never let another person's negativity cloud your own sunshine. Shine on, anyways
I love people I can be weird with.
For us to become comfortable with ourselves, we need someone with whom we can be ourselves.
Sometimes you waste so much time fighting for what you had, you don't even realize its not worth having anymore...
Enjoy the little things in life for one day you'll look back &amp;amp realize they were the big things.
The hardest decision you will ever have to make, is whether to stay and try harder, or take the memories and walk away.
The best things in life are usually found when you aren't looking for them.
Passion is a must in relationship.
The reason why people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how far they still have to go, instead of how far they have gotten.
You deserve someone who jumps fences to be with you, not someone who's on the fence about being with you.
Remember always, that I'm not going anywhere until you tell me to leave.
When someone walks out of ur life, let them, they're just making room for someone better to walk in
I wish my feelings had a delete button so I don't have to feel this way anymore.
Name calling can cause your significant other to shut down
The worst feeling isn't being lonely, its being forgotten by someone you'd never forget
A woman's silence says it all. Her silence &amp;amp lack of expression means that she's reached her breaking point!
Maybe I don't cry,but it hurts.Maybe I won't say,but I feel.Maybe I don't show,but I care.
Time heals all wounds but scars are a reminder where you messed up.
Commitment doesn't scare me, the thought of committing to the wrong person does.
Never lower your standards to meet someone's expectations.
I love everything about you.
Right now at this very minute, someone thinks the world of you.
Never ever doubt yourself. Life is the most spectacular show, give it your best performance.
Sometimes the blessings are not in what he gives  but in what he takes away.
Best Relationship: Talk like best friends, play like children, argue like husband and wife, protect each other like brother and sister.
Just because you miss someone, does not mean you need them back, missing is just a part of moving on.
Lack of understanding leads to most fights in relationships.
Don't argue in front of people, all your doing is airing out your business for the spectators.
True friends can see the hurt in your eyes when everyone else is fooled by your smile.
It's so hard not talking to you.
I get sad. I get insecure. I get jealous. I get lonely. I overreact. I make mistakes. But I promise I will always give you my best.
Four out of 10 workplace dating relationships result in marriage.
Sometimes the best things in life happen by accident.
Your heart decides who you want to keep in your life but your behavior decides who will stay in your life.
I want someone to understand what I really feel inside.
Before you "assume" try this method called "ask".
Fight for love not an idea of love. True love will make it through anything but an idea of love which is lust doesn't last.
1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people, and my heart still tells me it's you ?
Never go to the next level because of good sex. That may be the only thing that's good.
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take a moment and make it perfect.
I will always miss you, trust me.
The grass is not greener on the other side, its greener where you water it.
Missing that one person.
No one will ever care like I did, I promise you that.
Real love is knowing someone's weaknesses and not taking advantage of them. Knowing their flaws &amp;amp accepting who they are.
The sun loved the moon so much, he died every night to let her breathe
In a relationship, trust is like glue If you don't have it you won't be able to stick together
I wish my phone would vibrate right now and your name comes up on the screen.
Enjoy the little things in life for one day you'll look back &amp;amp realize they were the big things.
It doesn't matter because no one can make me happy but you.
Don't hold a person in a relationship to standards you don't maintain yourself.
When u fall for someone's personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention, is to stop giving them yours.
Hardest thing in life, letting go of what you thought was real.
Taking a GOOD Man/Woman for granted is like overlooking &amp;amp passing up precious diamonds for rocks &amp;amp stones.
A fake friend calls when they need something. A real friend calls to ask if you're in need.
All relationships go through hell, Real ones get through it
Sometimes it takes a really good fall to know where you stand...
I might hug other guys, I might laugh with other guys and I might text other guys, but none of them will ever mean as much to me as you do.
Don't mix your words with your moods, you can change your mood but you can't take back your words.
In some situations u have to be mature enough to forgive, but not dumb enough to trust them again
I wanna be the reason you smile.
Don't make bad decisions during Christmas because you are lonely. Get a blanket and hug yourself at the fireplace.
It's great to spend time with family and friends during the holidays.
I don't hate you. I just lost all my respect for you.
In relationships: 1) Don't lie. 2) Don't cheat. 3) Don't make promises you can't keep.
Stress is less, when you don't take mess.
What comes easy, won't always last. And what will last, won't always come easy.
Christians shouldn't be so holy in bed. Put down your bibles and put on a thong.
Sometimes you have to muster up enough courage to go after what you want.
Being called "babe or baby" is just a good feeling.
It is impossible to dream too big.
It takes a REAL man to realize that only ONE female is enough...
Don't rush into a new relationship just because you want to prove to your ex that you can find someone else.
You can't lose what you never had. If you weren't married to them, they were never yours.
If you're single make the best of it. It's not because you're not good enough for anyone, it means no one is good enough for you.
Listen to your partner, stop assuming you know what they're going to say all the time or think they're wrong all the time. Let them speak!
Jealousy is a type of fear... Fear of losing someone.
Miss you was not in my plans.
Mean spouses can cause the other to retreat in silence an ultimately singleness.
Anyone can give good sex. Connect with someone that brings more to the table.
You lose your "single" privileges when you commit to a relationship.
The problem with closed minded people is that their mouths are always open.
In a relationship you can't be their whole life...but you can be their favorite part.
You make me happy.
Never let another person's negativity cloud your own sunshine. Shine on, anyways
Insecure people think insecure thoughts.
So many people are single simply b/c they can't stand the drama &amp;amp stress that comes with being with the wrong person.
When you truly care for someone, their mistakes never change your feelings, its the mind that gets angry, but the heart still cares.
Poor communication leads to poor intimacy which equals a poor relationship.
I miss you and it hurts.
Love is cute when it's new, but it's most beautiful when it lasts.
No matter how long it takes, it will get better.
Dear Ex....when you see me, I want you to recognize what you had, regret what you've lost, and realize what you're never getting back.
Stop adding up your problems and start counting your blessings.
Remain calm when your mate is yelling. If you start yelling nothing will be accomplished.
Never underestimate someone's ability to find out the truth...
You should be able to trust unconditionally.
Your smile makes me smile.
I'm not desperate, but I am tired of being alone.
One day, you'll regret losing me.
Sometimes it takes a painful situation to make us change.
Never jeopardize a good thing for a new thing.
I don't even care anymore. If you wanna talk, hit me up, I'm not gonna try to start a conversation anymore to be left in the middle of it.
Every 1 needs that bad relationship in their life, just to know how it feels to have a good 1 the next time around.
Don't wipe your tears if u still want to cry, bottling your emotions will only make them erupt.
Just because it's not what you were expecting, doesn't mean it's not everything you've been waiting for...
4 out of 10 workplace relationships result in marriage.
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.
I miss you... I don't know what else there.
Don't assume my tweets are about you. But if you're affected by them, you're obviously guilty of something.
Anyone can give good sex. Connect with someone that brings more to the table.
Dear you, yes YOU! You're perfect how you are, don't ever change for anyone.
Ladies: If a man doesn't value your kids, he doesn't value you.
I distance myself from people for a reason.
Once I care about you, I will never stop.
The more we find, the more we lose. The more we know, the more we hurt. The more we care, the more we are sad.Expand
I want to be everything you need.
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Don't blame people for disappointing you. Blame yourself for expecting too much.
I'd rather love someone I can't have than have someone I can't love.
Life is too short to be with the wrong person.
Remember how blessed you are to see another day.
Sometimes when someone hurts u, u still can't help but to think of when they made u smile
You should always be able to make time for the ones you love.
Refuse to accept a one-sided relationship.
I fear that I'm going to be alone the rest of my life.
When you truly care for someone, their mistakes never change our feelings because it's the mind that gets angry but the heart still cares.
Wishing all mothers a Happy Mother's Day!
Life's a balance of holding on &amp;amp letting go.
I wonder if we'll ever talk again like we used to.
Problems in relationship occur when you concentrate on what is missing in the other person than what you love about them.
Build up your mate using words of affirmation. Being critical all of the time can push them into the arms of another person.
Ladies, your beauty is what gets a man's attention...but it will take much more to keep it.
Stop letting people on the stage of your life who don't even deserve a seat in the audience.
Sometimes you have to decide whether it's worth turning the page, or whether it's time to close the book.
Love cause people to make sacrifices. Lust cause people to make stupid decisions.
My eyes cry for you, my soul dies for you.
Never chase love, affection or attention, if it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having
It feels really nice to be important to someone.
Age doesn't determine maturity...decisions do.
Hard times will always reveal true friends.
Beauty is nothing if you have a rotten attitude &amp;amp personality. It's like a movie w/ good previews and bad content.
Lack of communication leads to lack of intimacy, which creates distance between two people who were once upon a time inseparable.
Either discuss the past or leave it behind. But don't keep bring it up every time something happens.
Miracles start to happen when you give as much energy to your dreams as you do to your fears.
The greatest relationships are those that have no secrets.
Some people make your life better by walking into it while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.
There is not fire insurance for being burned in a relationship.
Love is when he breaks ur heart and you still love him with all the little pieces.Expand
Don't judge me unless you know me. Don't underestimate me unless you've challenged me. Don't talk about me unless you've talked to me.
Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those who believe in you.
I'm stuck between "I really want to talk to you," but "I really need to get over you."
Your relationship will only be as strong as your willingness to adjust your attitude.
Sometimes it takes being away from someone for a while to realise how much you really need them in your life.
The hardest thing to say is usually worth saying.
You've changed. I miss the old you.
If you're in love with 2 people, pick the second one, If you really loved the 1st, you wouldn't have fallen for the 2nd.
I miss your texts...so much.
I promise to stay, if you promise to never leave.
Love is what is left in a relationship after all the selfishness has been removed.
It's better to be hated for what you are than be loved for something you are not.
Share your problems with your partner, the more issues u can get through together, the closer u will get
You should never love anyone more than the person u see in the mirror.
4 out of 10 workplace relationships result in marriage.
Every relationship have challenges. Don't get in one if you're not up to it.
Stop giving your heart to people that don't respect you or your dreams. They will make your life a nightmare.
Sometimes saying "I don't care anymore" is a woman way of saying "I Still Care.."
I left because you never asked me to stay.
I'm afraid that you'll love someone else beside me.
Happy Valentine's Day! Appreciate the one you love and show them that you love them.
Sometimes promises are just lies with pretty ribbon tied around them.
Life will get much better when you stop caring about what everyone thinks, and start to actually live for yourself.
Guys picture you naked on the first date. Men are visual.
The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.
No one comes with a 'clear history' button, so u have to accept their past.
Learn to appreciate what you have before time makes you appreciate what you had.
In a relationship, one person is usually more wrong than the other.
Never argue, I just explain why you're right.
When someone really likes you, they will never hurt you..and if they do, you can see it in their eyes that it hurts them too.
Learn to care less and you'll stress less.
Accept it, change it or leave it, If you can't accept it, change it and if you can't change it, leave it.
Don't bring baggage from your past into your next relationship, unless you want it to be a short trip.
Recognize what you have at home. Don't lose a star chasing after a light bulb.
I'm really hoping something good happens between us.
Without communication there is no relationship without respect there is no love without trust there's no reason to continue.
Don't change so someone will like you just be yourself and the right person will like and love the real you.
You are not exactly the love of my life, because I expect to love you for much longer than that. The love of my existence.
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take a moment and make it perfect.
No girlfriend wants another girl tweeting about her man, talking to him, texting him, thinking about him, looking at him. No one!
Everything about you is so perfect. ?
No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing promises, saying sorry, and all the hurting.
Remember always, that I'm not going anywhere until you tell me to leave.
Sometimes you have to stop trying to explain yourself and use the same energy to understand how they feel.
Can we spend a day together? Just you and me?
If you're unhappy about how someone continues to mistreat you, its not their fault, it yours for allowing it.
A real man never stops trying to show a girl he cares about her, even if he already has her. -The Notebook
Most people who are in your past, are there for a reason.
It's crazy how I automatically smile when I talk to you.
a way or "away", choice is yours!!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
It's painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.
Weak people make weak relationship and play the dating game. Strong people build strong relationships and marriages.
It hurts the most when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
Relationship works best when you drop the luggage of the past and live life forward with no regrets.
A hug means I need you. A kiss means I love you. A call means I miss you.
Sometimes you have to do what's best for you and your life, not what's best for everybody else.
I still care, I'm just done showing it.
When a girl lays on your chest, she is wishing for you to be hers forever.
Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you.
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
KIM KARDASHIAN before and after KANYE convinced her to get new booty shots (in my LAST TWEET) 18+ photos!! &amp;gt&amp;gt
There's no limit too how much a heart can hold, but there is a limit to how much it can take...
Most people who are in your past, are there for a reason.
Insecure people think insecure thoughts.
You could have all the love in the world for someone but it means absolutely nothing if u don't show it.
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Over thinking is what kills you.
If it doesn't add to your life, it doesn't belong in your life.Expand
Guys: if she gives it to you fast, then imagine how many more she gave it too fast.
To lose some arguments is to gain peace. In other words guys, let her win so that she can be quiet.
Your hugs are my favorite.
A beautiful woman is the one who never compares herself with others, because what others have doesn't make her feel insecure.
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is be someone who can be loved, the rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
It's a sign to leave when you're crying more than you're smiling.
I'm thankful for the people that never left me.
The hardest decision is deciding whether to "walk away" or "try harder."
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt...because that's his girl.
A real boyfriend will blow up his girl's phone when she's mad at him. She may not want to answer, but at least she'll see his effort.
I'm not okay but I smile.
A man's sense of self is defined though his ability to achieve results. Don't beat him down with when life already has.
A real man never stops trying to show a girl he cares about her, even if he already has her. -The Notebook
Some people come into our lives &amp;amp quickly go. Some stay for a while &amp;amp leave footprints on our hearts and we are never, ever the same.
Love doesn't need to be perfect, it needs to be true.
I'm not sad that it didn't work out. I'm just sad that I wasted my time for you.
Sometimes u lose the things you're trying so hard to save, just because u hold on to them too tightly...
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Love is standing on wet cement. The longer you stay, the harder it is to leave and you can never let go without leaving your footprints.
Make your ex regret losing you. And make your next want to thank him for letting you go. Because the best revenge is moving on.
I want you. Just you.
Miss you was not in my plans.
Get to KNOW the person before you get WITH the person.
Be careful. The ones that make you smile are the same ones that can shatter your heart.
When u give up on someone, its not because you don't care, its because you realize they don't
Being with you, is the only place I want to be right now.
We all have a need to belong to someone and to something bigger than ourselves.
When i hold you close, i can feel your heart beat fast and i think to myself that i've found "that someone" at last.
Show no emotion. Feel no pain.
We fight. We cuss. We kiss. We hug. We text. We talk. We argue. We laugh. We smile. We love. That's just us.
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with.
We all have faults. In judging others it blinds us from seeing our own.
I just want a real relationship.
If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone in a relationship...it's time to stop standing and start walking.
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much. That simple too much can hurt you so much.
I think about "Us" a lot. Even when "Us" doesn't exist.
Life always offers you a second chance. It's called tomorrow.
If you cant save the relationship at least save your pride, don't let anyone walk all over you.
If you don't appreciate your woman and treat her right, another man will treat her right!
Sometimes i keep my feelings to myself, because it's hard for someone to understand.
If you leave, just know that you're taking my heart with you.
If I tell you my problems, that means I trust you.
I am me. I am not willing to change for you, or anyone else. Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.
I have a thousand reasons to think of you, a hundred to admire you, and only one not to forget you.
Sick of crying, tired of trying, yes I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying.
Great conversation can produce the best sex.
I really fucking like you.
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
The best kind of relationship is when they're not only your lover, but your best friend too.
Dont apologize if you're going to keep doing the things you're sorry for.
I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care.
People are far too often in love with people they've never met.
#DumbLove: Knowing the truth, seeing the truth but still eblieving the lies.
When a girl does everything just to make you happy, show her all your attention and affection.
Relationships last when both of you give it your all. Never hold back and never hold secrets from each other.
You don't need too many people to be happy. Just a few real ones who appreciate you for who you are.
All a break-up means is you're one step closer to the person you're suppose to be with.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
Don't love too soon. Don't trust too fast. Don't judge too soon. Don't quit too early. Don't expect too high. Don't talk too much.
The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Cheating is a choice... Not a mistake.
Every woman deserves a guy that makes her look forward to tomorrow.
Love is what's left in a relationship after all the selfishness has been removed.
I can't lose you. Because if I ever did, I'd have lost my best friend, my soul mate, my smile, my laugh, my everything.
When u say 'I love u', u are making a promise with someone else's heart, try to honor it, or don't bother saying it.
Never tell "friends" too much, not everybody has good intentions.
Sometimes, our eyes need to be washed by our tears so that we can see life with a clearer view again.
When u get in a relationship u give up the "I's" for "Us"
Ladies, your beauty is what gets a man's attention...but it will take much more to keep it.
If you didn't treat her right with love, respect &amp;amp care, then you shouldn't be upset when another man does.
The truth may cause the relationship to be shaky at times but its sets a better foundation than a lie.
A billion feelings, a thousand thoughts, hundreds of memories, all for that one person. ?
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn't think you wanted.
At some point you have to realize that he doesn't care, and maybe you're missing out on someone who does.
Your worst enemy can sometimes be you, without realizing it.
Sometimes the best way to have peace is to just let go...
The people you think you can't live without are usually the ones you need to live without.
It totally sucks to feel like you're being annoying to that person you want to talk to.
Be thankful you're still breathing, because someone out there just took their last breath.
Sometimes you need to be alone, in order to find out who you really are and what you really want out of life.
You never know what you have until you lose it, and once you lose it, you can never get it back.
Real men respect women &amp;amp real women respect the men who never stops showing it.
I'm difficult, but I promise I'm worth it.
Happy Valentine's Day! Appreciate the one you love and show them that you love them.
At the end of the day u can either focus on whats tearing u apart or whats holding u together
Sometimes you start smiling for no reason because u are thinking of that special someone.
It feels amazing when you finally realize that you no longer need or want the person who walked away from you.
Lying to someone when they already know the truth , is one of the worst things you can do to hurt somebody.
Trust gets you killed. Love gets you hurt. Being real gets you hated.
I miss you, but I'd rather not bother you.
Real men stay faithful. They don't have time to look for another woman, because they're too busy looking for new ways to love their own.
I want someone who will stay with me no matter how hard I am to be with.
A relationship without trust and commitment is like pushing a door that says PULL. It just won't work.
If she's important to you, show her.
If someone truly loves you, they wouldn't constantly make you feel like your fighting for their attention.
I wonder how many times we forgive just because we don't want to lose someone. Even if they don't deserve forgiveness.
Don't waste your emotions on a person who fails to appreciate u. You deserve better!
I'm something you'll regret losing, I can promise you that much.
I still have feelings for you &amp;amp no matter how many times I tell myself that I'm better off without you, a part of me just won't let go.
I miss you, the old you. The new one sucks.
Cheating isn't always kissing, touching, or flirting. If you gotta delete text messages so your partner won't seem em, you're already there.
The best proof of love is trust.
I miss you doesn't mean they want you back.
Don't cry because they left, smile because they gave you a chance to find someone better.
Jealousy is a type of fear... Fear of losing someone.
I get so damn jealous when it comes to you.
I stopped caring what people think a long time ago.
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.
The pain u feel today will be the strength u feel tomorrow
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume.
Couples personalities converge over time to make partners more and more similar.
Getting over someone is not forgetting them, its learning to live without them.
When I'm alone, i think of so many things to say to you, when I have a chance to tell you. I go speechless.
As it relates to my earlier tweet pertaining to 3 inches, a woman's vagina is only 3.5 inches deep.
The most frequently expressed complaint men have about women is that women are always trying to change them.
A one-side relationship is when you are giving WAY more than the other person.
The only people you need in your life, are those that need you in theirs.
The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
Don't expect too much. It's always better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
There may be a million things to smile about, but you're definitely my favorite one.
I get too attached.
I love my life with everything and everyone that I have, thank you God.
Don't give up! One day you'll look back and be glad you didn't.
Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.
Girls, don't be his hoe, be his girl, don't be his main, be his only, and don't be his "for the time being", be his "forever"
Don't wait for the Last Judgment.  It happens every day.
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
Just keep it real with me, I'll respect you way more.
Don't confuse still being in love when you are just attached to what's familiar.
A billion feelings, a thousand thoughts, hundreds of memories, all for that one person. ?
Everybody deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think someone is happy simply because you exist.
The sun won't shine until you put the umbrella away.
When u fall for someone's personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
Don�t judge my choices if you don�t understand my reasons.
Sometimes, the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
The greatest need of a woman are not gifts, it is love.
In many cases your relationship will be a reflection of your self-worth.
There is no greater pain than to have someone you love push you away.
I think it's cute when you know that someone is making an effort to make you smile.
Best Relationship: Talk like bestfriends, play like children, argue like husband &amp;amp wife, protect each other like brother &amp;amp sister.
Never give up. Great things take time.
If I get mad at you, That means I still care. Worry when I don't get mad.
Life is nothing without love love is nothing without hope hope is knowing you'll be there every day.
Your worst mistake can be thinking the one who hurt you the most, won't hurt you again.
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Just because a person smiles all the time, doesn't mean their life is perfect, you never know what they've been through and feel inside.
Love the right person, or at least love someone who is making themselves right for you.
Jealousy in a relationship is actually the fear of losing someone.
The more anger u carry from the past, the less capable u are of loving in the present.
Do you ever just want to pack up and leave out of the blue without saying anything to anyone like just leave and start a new life.
You know you love someone when you know you want them to be happy, even if their happiness means that you are not a part of it.
If you end your relationship over a petty argument, that means somebody was faking it all. You never let an argument end your relationship.
A real man doesn't love a million girls. He loves one girl in a million ways.
Ask yourself, why are you angry at them and they're not even yours?
Jealously is a sign of insecurity, as long as u know ur position is secure don't worry about the ones trying to apply
Those random memories that make you smile no matter what is going on in your life
I don't know what to say, I just suddenly miss you at this moment.
The lack of money can lead to lack of intimacy.
When I ignore you, all I want is your attention..
Relationships are not about "I want this" or "I want that". Its about two people caring for the other's desires
Love and sacrifice go hand in hand, it is a constant compromise.
My worst fear is losing you.
Text her after she falls asleep and describe in large detail everything that you adore about her. She'll wake up with a smile on her face.
Stay true to the one you love.
There is life after divorce.
If you get a call after 11pm, it's a booty call.
The worst feeling isn't being lonely, its being forgotten by someone you'd never forget
Don't mess with someone's feelings because you are unsure of yours.
Sometimes you're not afraid of letting go, you're just afraid of accepting the fact it's gone.
When I see you, my heart beats a little faster, my stomach feels a little lighter &amp;amp my smile shines a little brighter.
Nobody texts faster than a pissed off female.
It's amazing how one little conversation can change things, forever
Keeping agreements shows respect for yourself and your partner, as well as creating a sense of trust and safety.
Relationships are never equal, but they should come close.
You can't be everything for everyone, but u can be everything to someone.
Take the golden opportunity to apologize if necessary.
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Don't beg for anyone to stay in your life. If they want to be a part of your life, they will stay.
Being someone's first love is great, but being someone's last love is beyond perfect.
Texting is not a substitute for calling. An attractive voice can stimulate senses that sets the tone for the night.
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
You could have all the love in the world for someone but it means absolutely nothing if u don't show it.
TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing.
People come and go in your life, but the right ones will always stay.
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay.
Don't waste your emotions on someone who does't appreciate you.
I just want to have a place in your heart like you have a place in mine.
Don't cry because they left, smile because they gave you a chance to find someone better.
Be honest with person you are trying to get to know.  It helps build trust.
I get jealous over the little stuff...Why?Because we started out doing that "little stuff"...
Real women know how to talk to their men.
Can't wait to see you.
Right now at this very minute, someone wants to tell you how much they care.
Women just want to be held and certainly if you neglect that desire, she will eventually end up in the arms of someone else.
It's simple... don't do something that you wouldn't want done to you.
Sometimes you just have to accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.
Don't wait. Life goes faster than you think.
I hate the idea of anyone else having you.
When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you.
Never place your happiness in someone elses hands, because once they're gone, so is your happiness.
I'm a lazy ass texter, unless you're my best friend, cute, or I like you.
It takes a strong heart to love... but it takes a stronger heart to continue to love after it has been hurt..
A lot of the trouble in the world would disappear if we would talk to each other instead of about each other.
Either discuss the past or leave it behind. But don't keep bring it up every time something happens.
Don't ruin today by reliving yesterday's problems.
All I wanna know is the truth, but I'm too scared to ask you because I'm afraid of knowing the answer.
Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate u is like standing in quick sand, slowly sinking in sadness.
Trying to run from love is like trying to run from your shadow.
I wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you.
She's jealous because she's afraid you'll find someone prettier, smarter, taller, skinnier, nicer, calmer, stronger, and better than her.
I wish I could re-live some nights.
When I'm with you, I feel like I'm a better person. I feel happier... less alone, less lonely.
I wonder what its like to be one of the pretty girls that every guy wants.
Respect your mates differences or be with someone different.
Disagreements happen in every relationship. If they cause things to end things were meant to end period.
Sometimes you don't realize you've lost the person you love until they're walking out of the door.
I'm scared to see you with someone else.
Not even a million fights could make me hate you.
Sorry is nothing, the real apology comes when you can look in their eyes and see they hurt themselves just as much.
Single doesn't always mean lonely and Relationship doesn't always mean happy.
Avoid people who create confusion.
Love hard but don't play the fool.
To be honest, you're the only one I've ever spent this much time on.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
Never trust what you dont see with your own eyes.
Sorry, I'm not perfect.
The difference between Like, Love, &amp;amp In love is the same difference between For now, For a while, &amp;amp Forever.
A partner who makes everything about them and rarely make anything about you. Doesn't love you, they just love the benefits of having you.
If a girl texts you first, you better feel special.
When guys get jealous, it's actually kinda cute. When girls get jealous, World War III is about to start.
In a strong relationship, both people motivate each other to go further in life.
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it. ~Sex&amp;amptheCity
I will always have a thing for you..
Distance means nothing, when someone means everything.
The person who makes you feel on top of the world, can be the same one to push you off.
I fear that I'm going to be alone the rest of my life.
If you want a REAL relationship, you have to be real with the person your with before you expect the same.
Trust doesn't come with a refill, once its gone, you won't get it back, if you do, it'll never be the same.
A relationship without arguments is fake... No relationship is perfect
You can't always be nice, that's how people take advantage of you.
I'd rather hear a guy say, "I've made plans for us," instead of the usual, "I don't know, whatever you wanna do."
Accept it, change it or leave it, If you can't accept it, change it and if you can't change it, leave it.
If they lied to get you, they're probably lying to keep you.
Don't ever make decisions when you're horny or angry.
A pretty face gets attention, but a pretty heart gets commitment.
Don't love them for making a promise to always be there, love them for proving it.
Just because today is a terrible day, doesn't mean tomorrow won't be the best day of your life. Always believe.
If you spend too long holding on to the one who treats you like an option, you'll miss finding the one who treats you like a priority
Don't push your relationship with a person too hard, if its meant to be then it will happen.
Dating dumb people is hazardous to your health.
Many confuse 'being in love' and 'just caring' about someone, make sure you know the difference.
Prove to me that you care.
Guys: its important that you cuddle with your woman after sex. If not, she'll feel like she just been raped.
Sometimes we don't stop loving each other, we just stop showing it.
I know one day I'll open my heart to someone and they won't play a game with it.
I hope you don't mind that I put down in words how wonderful life is while you're in the world.
#iHeard a wise man once said -The most beautiful thing a woman can ever wear, is confidence
Relationships are not perfect and never will be.
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly, first love is irreplaceable, and first heartbreaks are unforgettable.
If you're not happy with yourself, then you probably won't be happy with anyone else.
When u accept someone into your life, you're also accepting their baggage, and no one travels without a packed bag.
Love your woman, because someone else would love your woman.
It doesn't matter because no one can make me happy but you.
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind. But then, I wonder if I could handle the truth.
You forget me? I understand. You stop replying my texts? I understand. When I'm over you, you better understand.
I miss you, text me...
Don't worry if you're single. God is looking at you right now, saying, "I'm saving this one for someone special."
Its okay to accept a million mistakes, but never accept the same mistake over and over again
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
A person that truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.
If you starve your lover, someone else will feed them.
You make me smile for no reason, you make me laugh at unfunny things, but most of all, you make me love you when I shouldn't be loving you.
A 3rd person never creates problems between two ppl, but a problem between two ppl creates space for 3rd person.
Lack of understanding leads to most fights in relationships.
Your choices, your actions, your life. Live it the way you want, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
When u waste time looking back at what u lost, u end up losing the things that are in front of u too
Everything about you is so perfect. ?
Maintain honesty to maintain a healthy relationship.
When the main person who made you smile becomes the main reason for your tears, its time to get rid of them.
Stop trying to find the perfect boy, let him find you.
Some things are better left forgotten.
My worst fear is losing you.
Right now at this very minute, someone thinks the world of you.
Real women are classy, strong, independent, loyal and lovable. They know what they deserve and they go for it.
Around parents: Normal mode. Around friends: Silly mode. Around babies: Barney mode. Around crush: Retarded mode.
I hate you, then I love you. It's like I want to throw you off a cliff, then run to the bottom and catch you.
What's love without trust....
To some, 'I love u' is not a promise just a feeling, so don't take those words as a guarantee they'll always be there
A mother's nurture is fuel 4 the soul. A good mother pours care n2 the souls of their children like sunlight pours nutrients n2 plants.
I person can say I love you only to get you do things they want. Don't be fooled with lip service.
I am jealous of everybody who is with you when I'm not with you.
It's never too late to make it right. "It's too late" is just an excuse that you are telling yourself not to do.
It's amazing how a person who was a stranger yesterday, can today suddenly mean the world to you.
You can't possibly love them if you can't trust them.
Some people just don't know how to love and past hurts are keeping them from learning.
Do not underestimate yourself. Remember, without your presence, someone else's life won't be complete.
If two people are happy together, leave them alone.
Being with no one is better than being with the wrong one, sometimes those who fly solo have the strongest wings.
Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got.
If love is not worth waiting for, it's not worth having.
29% Percent of Americans have had sex on the first date.
I still like you, I'm just tired of trying.
If someone really wants to be a part of your life they will seriously make an effort to be in it. No reasons, no excuses.
I miss you so much.
Sometimes you've got to care less to see if they'll care more.
Girls, don't be his hoe, be his girl, don't be his main, be his only, and don't be his "for the time being", be his "forever"
I might get hurt, but I'm never broken.
I am jealous of everybody who is with you when I'm not with you.
Once you've been hurt, you're so scared to get attached again. You have this fear that everyone you like is gonna break your heart.
A morning text doesn't only mean "Good Morning."It also means:"I think of you when I wake up." ?
You're the special one for me.
I may be in pain now but I will never give up.
Trust before you love.
Have an open mind in a relationship.
Just because you love them doesn't mean you have to stay, you'll never get to your destination taking the wrong roads.
Ppl are who they are, don't expect them to live up to an image u create
Relationships are give/take not take/take
Arguments last because u try to explain WHY you messed instead of accepting it and explaining HOW you'll make it better.
They ignore you now, but they'll need you later.
Respect is earned.
Girls get jealous because they know what other girls are capable of.
If I told you how much you mean to me, I'd never get the chance to finish.
I miss you and it hurts.
Don't waste your emotions on a person who fails to appreciate u. You deserve better!
That moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.
Always remember someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
The most frequently expressed complaint men have about women is that women are always trying to change them.
If you still talk about it, you still care about it.
You'll never understand until it happens to you.
Hidden resentments poison relationships.
No matter how it hurts, you have to keep going.
No one is perfect and everyone is different, but everyone is beautiful in their own way and that's what makes us special.
Sometimes u have to do what is right for u even if it means breaking someone's heart, including ur own.
Stop wanting someone who doesn't want you. You're just wasting your time.
Get up and tongue kiss your lover/spouse this morning. If they let you kiss them with morning breath...they're a keeper!
I stay loyal, always.
I hate being ignored, I look like an idiot trying to get your attention.
A real relationship has fights, trust, faith, tears, pains, arguments, patience, secrets, jealousy, and LOVE.
Call me crazy, but I would rather be hurt than see you hurt.
The best feeling in the world is knowing that I make you happy.
Once I get you, I don't plan on losing you.
If they slept with you fast, imagine how many others they gave that luxury.
Loved you then, love you still. Always have, always will.
I need someone in my life who's gonna motivate me and not stress me
You cannot change the past, but you can let it go.
Guys: Being called beautiful is way better than being called hot.
Relationships last longer when everybody doesn't know your business...
I find pieces of you in every song i listen to.
You can't control their actions but you can control your reaction
A promise means nothing until it's delivered.
Stop trying to find the perfect boy, let him find you.
My feelings for you will never change.
I had a lot of reasons to give up on you. But I still chose to stay. You had a lot of reasons to stay, but you chose to give up.
Bitterness can break up a potentially good relationship.
Don't do special things for her because you think you will lose her. Love hard all the time.
If you still talk about it, you still care about it.
Don't take someone's feelings for granted, u don't know how much courage it took for them to show them
I miss you doesn't mean they want you back.
I'm done trying. If you want me in your life, let me know.
Men asking for help when they can do it themselves is perceived as a sign of weakness.
A real boyfriend never "gives up" on his girl. He fights for her.
Right now at this very minute, someone needs to know that your love is unconditional.
Sex complicates things in an already complicated world.
Just thinking about you, makes me smile.
Her favorite kind of hug is one from behind when you wraps your arms around her waist when she least expect it.
When a defining moment comes along, you can do one of two things. Define the moment, or let the moment define you.
When someone threatens to walk out of your life, help them pack.
I just love being with you.
Don't be someone's down-time, spare-time, or part-time. If you're not full-time, then they're not worth your time.
Don't want to cheat? Well don't put yourself in a position to cheat. Run from temptation.
Before you give up.. Think about why you held on for so long.
Some people will never change, and you have to accept that.
What's real doesn't fade away.
Don't fall for the person who is sweet to you. Because being sweet without relationship is a sign of friendship also.
Simple things become complicated when you expect too much.
Most relationships fail not because of absence of love but because girls love too much and boys love too many
Breakups hurt, but losing someone who doesn't respect and appreciate you is actually a gain, not a loss.
Studies show that couples who live together before marriage have a 75% divorce rate.
What happens between us, stays between us.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
The more secure you are with yourself, the less time you spend trying to tear others down.
If we can't be happy, then we shouldn't be together.
I'm tired of not knowing where I stand with you.
A text from you would be great right now
Instead of judging them by their past, stand with them and help repair their future.
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing something will happen. Courage is making something happen.
Even if I had a million reasons to leave, I would still look for one to stay.
If you lost my trust, don't expect it back.
Very often, your problems are only in your head.
Ladies, understand your worth. Let a man pursue you and earn your love. True love &amp;amp chivalry is timeless.
I don't know about you, but I think we look cute together.
Never regret something that made you smile.
Sometimes, music is all you need to make you feel better. ?
Every woman is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it.
My favorite place in the world is next to you.
Lose the argument, not the person.
When you love someone more than they deserve, you end up more hurt than you deserve....
Never complain about the person you are with. They are a reflection of your intelligence.
There are many good men out there. You have to get out of your normal routine and you'll find one.
Life's great &amp;amp wonderful blessings are not for hoarding. They are for freely giving.
Even though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
It hurts the most when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
Once you lose someone, it's never exactly the same person that comes back...
Be careful of connecting with someone that's with you for what you DO for them rather than being with you for WHO you are.
One of the biggest mistake girls always make is falling too hard for a guy.
Sometimes you need to distance yourself and if they care, they'll show it, if they don't, you'll notice.
She's jealous because she's afraid you'll find someone prettier, smarter, taller, skinnier, nicer, calmer, stronger, and better than her.
I love you, but you don't complete me.
Everyone has imperfections. i have a choice when I'm in a relationship w/ you to put w/ your or not.
if your girlfriend is beautiful and a lot of guys want her thats another reason to keep her and treat her right you got what they cant have
Loving someone who doesn't love you is like waiting for a ship at the airport.
Everyone has an annoying friend. If you don't have one, it's probably you.
I want a man who promises me nothing but tries to give me everything.
Don't take the person you love for granted.
Have you ever thought you could be sleeping with one of your worst enemies.
Never regret something that once made you smile, because at that time, it was exactly what you wanted.
Tell someone that you love them before its too late.
I need someone in my life who's gonna motivate me and not stress me
Ladies, you are expecting him to be a man when you are dating a boy.
Keep people who do not respect your relationship away from you. If they're still trying to get with you while you're dating, cut them out.
You wanna know who's amazing &amp;amp has the cutest smile ever? Read the first word again.
Good-byes make you think, they make you realize what you've had, what you've lost, and what you've taken for granted.
It's not the way you look that made me fall in love with you, but it's the way you look at me.
I wonder what its like to be one of the pretty girls that every guy wants.
Just because someone desires you, does not mean that they value you. Read it over. Again.
So many GOOD WOMEN sleep alone &amp;amp wake up alone..simply b/c they haven't met a man worthy enough to share their pillow with.
Relationships last when both of you give it your all. Never hold back and never hold secrets from each other.
A boy becomes a man when he wins the love of a good woman, earns her respect &amp;amp keeps her trust.
Mistakes are meant for learning, not repeating!
Having orgasms can decrease your risk for heart attacks. What else don't you know about them? Look at my last tweet &amp;gt&amp;gt&amp;gt
You're exactly the kind of person I want to spend my life with.
Bad habits can kill a potentially great relationship.
Dating a lowlife will lower your life.
Stress is less, when you don't take mess.
My past is my past, I've made mistakes but I have learned from them too.
Some people will never change, and you have to accept that.
A best friend should, love you like a mother, protect you like a father talk to you like a sister, and fight with you like a brother.
You're thinking, I am better than this relationship I'm in.
A relationship without arguments is fake... No relationship is perfect
We all have faults. In judging others it blinds us from seeing our own.
Never cry for the person who hurts you. Just smile and say "thanks for giving me a chance to find someone better than you"
Your smile keeps me alive, one more reason to keep fighting.
A good relationship is worth the wait..
Be careful who you choose as lovers. Everyone that puts an application In, shouldn't be hired.
Sometimes you have to just move forward, and move on. No doubts, no questions and no looking back... Just move on.
Sometimes the best things in life happen by accident.
When a man shuts down, it's difficult to get him back open.
A true love is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way u are.
A REAL RELATIONSHIP: has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, arguments, patience, secrets, jealousy and LOVE
You'll never know pain until you look into the eyes of someone you love, and they look away.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.
You can't reach what's in front of you until you let go of what's behind you.
Do you ever want to just drive away and leave everything behind forever?
I just love getting notifications don't you? They make me feel important.
I instantly smile when your name shows up on my phone..
Bitterness can break up a potentially good relationship.
When you accept someone into your life, you're also accepting their baggage, and no one travels without a packed bag.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
The higher you build the walls around your heart, the harder you fall when someone tears them down.
After awhile, waiting gets boring. Your crush doesn't seem so attractive anymore and you realize you need to stop wasting your time.
Being single is better than being in an unfaithful relationship.
Laugh when you can, apologize when u should, and let go of what you can't change.
Don't waste your time looking back on what you've lost. Move on, for life isn't meant to be traveled backwards.
Hurt is the best memory. It never forgets.
One day, you'll regret losing me.
I seriously can't stop thinking about you.
Some people don't notice when they have something good.
I wanna be the reason behind your smile, because surely you're the reason behind mine.
Love is when he breaks ur heart and you still love him with all the little pieces.Expand
Not everything is meant to be, but everything is worth a try.
Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate u is like standing in quick sand, slowly sinking in sadness.
You shouldn't have to fight for a space in somebody's heart. It means that there is not space for you.
Be real with me, or just leave me alone.
I hate arguing with someone who I really care about.
People who have kids they can't afford are irresponsible.
Find someone who can change your life, and not just your relationship status.
Sometimes goodbye is a painful way to say I love you.
Even though at times I want to hate you, I know I never will.
When I fight with you, I'm really fighting for us. If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother.
No boyfriend, no problem.
You have to accept not everyone is gonna love u back, that's why its most important to love yourself.
Don't waste your emotions on a person who fails to appreciate u. You deserve better!
I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry. No matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
Some people make your life better by walking into it, and others simply make it better by leaving it.
I miss you doesn't mean they want you back.
No matter how "busy" a person's day may be. If they "really care", they'll always find time for you.
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you.
Because men like handling his problems on his own, they rarely talks about their problems.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
I don't care, I like you and only you.
When you judge a person by there appearance, you might miss out on an amazing personality.
Let love brighten every corner of your world.
Every relationship should have boundaries. If not, they will play outside the lines.
Don't expect to have true love if your not ready to have the pain and struggle that comes with it.
Sometimes the end is a new beginning.
If they have enough balls to cheat on you they have enough balls to live without you. Don't fall for the I'm sorry I love you talk.
Don't let the holiday blues cause you to connect with someone that will make your New year Blue.
Caring too much is part of the problem.
You know you're in love when you're in a room full of people &amp;amp the only thing on your mind is that one person you wish was there.
Share ur problems with ur partner, the more issues u can get through together, the closer u will get
I shouldn't be jealous. You aren't even mine.
Even if I have tears coming down my face, I still manage to say those two words: I'M FINE .
If your honest from the very beginning, you'll have no lies to cover up later.....
The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time.
You're so special to me and I can't even explain why.
Every girl has 3 personalities 1) When she's with her family. 2) When she's with her friends. 3) When she's with HIM.
No girl wants to hear about your "other girls".
Feelings that come back are feelings that never went away in the first place.
Sometimes the bravest thing you can do is admit your mistakes and be responsible for them.
I love my life with everything and everyone that I have, thank you God.
Love comes with expectations.
BF: "Let's have sex."GF: "No, we just started dating" BF: "We"ll be together forever."GF: "Ok"1 Hr Later:...
To offer a man unsolicited advice is to presume that he doesn't know what to do or that he can't do it on his own. This why he resist help.
I don't hate you, I just lost all respect for you.
Sometimes promises are just lies with pretty ribbon tied around them.
I left because you never asked me to stay.
Have an affair with your husband/wife or someone else will!
It feels amazing when you finally realize that you no longer need or want the person who walked away from you.
Females love a guy who can hold a great conversation without talking about sex every 5 minutes.
Never get rid of the person who understands you more than anyone else.
I don't hate you. I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
Ladies, man that doesn't support his children won't support you.
Text her after she falls asleep and describe in large detail everything that you adore about her. She'll wake up with a smile on her face.
The people that are so quick to walk away are the ones that never intended to stay.
Date potential but marry reality.
Sometimes the reason it's so hard for us to be happy is simply because we refuse to let go of the things that make us sad.
She doesn't want you to be perfect, bro. Just make her feel like she's the only one.
Beauty is nothing if you have a rotten attitude &amp;amp personality. It's like a movie w/ good previews and bad content.
There's nothing worse than meeting the perfect person at the wrong time.
Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.
It's better to be hated for what you are than be loved for something you are not.
Don't let someone change who you are, to become what they need.
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
People who create their own drama, deserve their own karma.
I love you. It's that simple, and that complicated.
Love cause people to make sacrifices. Lust cause people to make stupid decisions.
Show no emotion. Feel no pain.
I'm jealous, but there's no way in hell I'm going to admit it .
Its better to be slapped by the truth then kissed with a lie...
I feel like I'm not good enough for you.
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is be someone who can be loved, the rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them.
Don't miss out on a good man expecting to find a perfect one.
People always leave. Don't worry, you get used to it and most importantly, learn to deal with it.
Enjoy the little things in life for one day you'll look back &amp;amp realize they were the big things.
You know you truly care about someone when you have to convince yourself that you dont..
When someone shows u their true colors, don't try to paint a different picture. Sell them on ebay.
Each person has a love language. Learn their language to avoid mixed communication.
A relationship where you instantly miss each other right after being together
I'd rather fight with you than love anyone else..
There's nothing wrong with making a mistake, what's wrong is not taking the effort to make it right.
I hate acting like I don't care when it's really tearing me up inside.
Be honest with me thats all I ask for..
One of your greatest assets is peace. Never let a relationship rob you of it.
Just because u love someone, doesn't mean they'll appreciate it.
Don't just wait for things to happen, nothing will happen if you don't make it happen.
Some people make your life better by walking into it while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.
The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before.
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much
I don't hate you. I just lost all my respect for you.
If they lie to you, they may not love you.
Its better to spend your time looking for someone to treat you right, than to waste your time with someone who does you wrong.
If I get jealous, then yes, I really like you.
Not ALL men are going to be able to handle you &amp;amp that's okay. Not ALL men are meant to.
I love you more than I did before
Girls want a guy that can openly say, "Yes that's my girlfriend and yes I do love her." ?
Can you trust the people you call friends with the key to your house?
If I treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.
I don't hate you. I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
Everyone loves the "I miss you" message.
Don't play with someones Heart because you wouldn't want someone to do that to you.
What you take for granted, I count as a blessing.
When love becomes a lie, it's time to say good bye.
There are some things that are just not worth rushing, especially something that you wish would last forever.
A friend understands your past, believes in your future, and loves you just the way you are.
Ladies: If he doesn't treat you like a diamond, throw him away like a pebble.
Your man/lady should never have to compete for your attention, make them priority, or lose them to someone who will.
In relationships: 1) Don't lie. 2) Don't cheat. 3) Don't make promises you can't keep.
I want to meet someone who is afraid to lose me.
Leave the past where it belongs.
What's love without trust....
Sometimes you have to be your own hero. Because the people you can't live without can live without you.
Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those who believe in you.
Yes, I do smile stupidly at my phone when you say something cute in a text.
If it's still in your mind, it is worth taking the risk.
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay.
I wish you knew how I felt about you.
Actions prove who someone is. Words prove who they wanna be.
A good boyfriend will never pressure his girl into doing something that she's not comfortable with.
The people that are so quick to walk away are the ones that never intended to stay.
To build a great RELATIONSHIP, use trust as brick and patience as cement because sometimes, love isn't enough.
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume.
If you ever wonder what someone is feeling just look deep into their eyes and the answer will reflect back onto yours.
Love is not enough to keep a relationship.
It takes more than love to be in love.
You're unique and special and put on this earth for a reason.
A successful relationship means growth and maturity came from it, lessons were learned, changes for the better were made and so forth...
If you have less than 10000 followers check my last tweets  ASAP.
In life, it's not about being who everyone else wants you to be, but about being you and finding someone who loves every bit of it.
Don't blame people for disappointing you. Blame yourself for expecting too much.
Don't don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much, because that "too much" can hurt so much.
Love shouldn't hurt.
Someday, someone will walk into your life and you'll realize why it never worked with anyone else.
Don't worry if you're single. God is looking at you right now, saying, "I'm saving this one for someone special."
When I fight with you, I'm really fighting for us. If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother.
Not all relationships are meant to last, they're just practice for the one that does.
There is life after divorce.
Just remember one thing: people who hurt or leave you are never worth your stress.
Sometimes you have to just move forward, and move on. No doubts, no questions and no looking back... Just move on.
Relationships are not about "I want this" or "I want that". Its about two people caring for the other's desires
Nothing fuels the fire of a heated argument more than a toxic attitude.
Don't go back to less, just because you're too impatient to wait for the best
One of the most difficult things to face is realizing you are in love with someone who doesn't love you back.
Sometimes I just want to get far far away from it all.
If it doesn't add to your life, it doesn't belong in your life.Expand
Something about you is so damn addicting.
Her heart finally told her to stop wasting her time.
Spend time looking at the positives of the one you love instead of dwelling on the negatives.
I still care, that's the problem.
Stay confident, drop that cockiness off somewhere else.
Never allow yourself to be used by someone you like, because they'll think it's OK and take advantage of you.
I never loved another person, the way I love myself.
I don't hate you. I just lost all my respect for you.
It takes time to recover from a bad relationship.
Let go when you're hurting too much, give up when love isn't enough and move on when things are not like before.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness.
Sometimes you try so hard to take care of everyone else that you forget to take care of yourself.
If your relationship is just based on sex, then your relationship will last as long as an orgasm.
You have the right to not tell a person your whereabouts until you're married. Marriage gives you that right.
People say that the bad memories cause the most pain. But actually it's the good ones that drive you insane.
Speak Up. If something is bothering you, it's best to talk about it instead of holding it in.
Don't confuse proximity with intimacy...Some people stay in the same house but are not close.
Stop making decisions on temporary feelings.
Your greatest asset is controlling your destiny. Say no to some who want your number.
One smile, can start a friendship. One word, can end a fight. One look, can save a relationship. One person can change your life.
Many couples stay together out of loyalty and obligation or from the fear of starting over
I get jealous because I love you, and I don't want anyone else to have you.
Don't expect to have true love if your not ready to have the pain and struggle that comes with it.
Nothing fuels the fire of a heated argument more than a toxic attitude.
Never depend on an outside person to make you happy. It should come from within.
Don't you hate how the sweetest songs make you want to cry because they remind you of all you used to be?
Being called "babe or baby" is just a good feeling.
People don't change, they adjust, but underneath, they are who they are...
Be careful of love at first sight. Easy comes, easy goes.
Don't stay in a bad relationship because you think it will "get better." It never does.
Begin and end your day with a smile.
To be honest, you're the only one i've ever spent this much time and effort on.
Ask yourself, why are you angry at them and they're not even yours?
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Once trust in a relationship is gone there are ways to get it back just involves patience, time and a true desire to get it back.
I wish some nights lasted forever.
Every woman deserves a best friend, a lover and someone they can trust for a man.
In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.
Don't make your NEXT suffer for what your EX did!
I get too attached.
Hearing "I miss you" from the right per
Stress is the number one relationship killer.
When a man shuts down, it's difficult to get him back open.
Jealousy in a relationship is actually the fear of losing someone.
Those who hate me motivate me Those who i love inspire me.
Being single isn't a time to look for love, use that time to work on urself and grow as an individual.
Please give me a chance to prove to you that I'll be the best decision you'll ever make.
A good boyfriend will never pressure his girl into doing something that she's not comfortable with.
Men, she has more body than brains. Connect with someone who can turn you on mentally and physically.
Guys: Being called beautiful is way better than being called hot.
Every girl deserves a guy that can make her smile, even when she doesn't want to.
Sometimes you have to accept the truth and stop wasting time on the wrong people.
If you're truly in love, u will only have eyes for the person you're in love with.
Some people are just not meant to be tied down, don't force a relationship on anyone.
I miss you, not the "I haven't seen you in a while" kind of miss you, but the "I wish you were here at this very moment" kind of miss you.
If I didn't care, I wouldn't get mad.
Cheating starts from the mind. Before they cheated they had their mind made up that it would worth more than the relationship.
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
I wouldn't mind kissing your lips everyday.
Anything that's meant to be will be &amp;amp there's no one &amp;amp nothing that can stop it.
Your feelings can get hurt when you give them to someone who doesn't care about them.
RelationSHIPS sink when they have too many passengers.
I loved you so much.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.
Dear tampon &amp;amp pad companies: please make ur items quieter to open sincerely, the whole bathroom now knows I am on my period, thank you
You can't trust everybody with your heart because some people deserve it and some people don't need to be nowhere near it
After you've tried everything the only thing left is good-bye.
Never assume. Never ask. And never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen.
When you fall in love with someone, their flaws turn into perfections..
I'm tired of not knowing where I stand with you.
I will never apologize for being REAL with you.
I'm thankful for the people that never left me.
Act like a lady, think like a boss.
I don't understand our relationship. Sometimes, we're friends. Sometimes, we're more then friends. Other times, I'm just a stranger to you.
Right person, wrong time. I hate that...
It's better to love someone who's far and craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet doesn't even care to see you.
A day doesn't go by where I don't think of you.
I am amazed at the people offended by relationship truths.
Your true love will be your last love, all the others were just practice.
She didn't leave you for making too many mistake's , she left because you made the same mistake , too many times
I fear that I'm going to be alone the rest of my life.
If a person really wants to see you they will make a way and nothing in the world would stop them
I can't wait to see you again.
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them 1000x more attractive
Constantly giving and getting nothing in return &amp;lt&amp;lt&amp;lt
If I didn't care about you, I wouldn't get so mad at the things you do.
It's amazing how when two people are perfect for each other, everybody else can see it but themselves.
You'll never find the good person if you always refuse to give up the bad one.
Her trust...once you get it it's priceless... Once you lose it, it's useless.
One of the worst things you can do is marry the wrong person.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
Respect is earned, honesty is appreciated, trust is gained and loyalty is returned.
The best date is with someone who can take you anywhere without touching anything but your heart.
When someone shows u their true colors, don't try to paint a different picture. Sell them on ebay.
Don't rush into love. Because even in fairytales the happy ending takes place on the last page.
In a strong relationship, both people motivate each other to go further in life.
Sacrificing for love isn't hard when you find someone who deserves it.
A lot of the trouble in the world would disappear if we would talk to each other instead of about each other.
A guy truly loves you when missing you is his hobby, caring for you is his job, making you happy is his duty, and loving you is his life.
I just really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really like you.
Don't cry because they left, smile because they gave you a chance to find someone better.
I hate that feeling you get in your throat when you're trying to talk when you're about to cry.
Sometimes you just need to put the past away and move on with your life.
Sometimes, I just have to let her win because losing the argument is easier than losing her.
Sometimes I hate getting close to people because I think they will just eventually walk out of my life no matter how close we are.
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.
Don't let the little things stress you out, it's not worth it.
I might get hurt, but I'm never broken.
I wish my feelings had a delete button so I don't have to feel this way anymore.
The true test of whether you love someone is how you feel about them after you break up....
I wish you were here.
I wish I knew what goes on in your head when we talk.
Love is not enough to keep a relationship.
if you make me laugh im already 89% in love with you
Never get too attached.
He's married and he's not leaving his wife for you.
When you love someone, you just do. There are no maybe's, no but's, and no why's.
Cute gets old. You need substance in a mate.
Porn can destroy your relationship. It places unreal expectations on your lover.
Never ever doubt yourself. Life is the most spectacular show, give it your best performance.
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him.
I get jealous over the little stuff...Why?Because we started out doing that "little stuff"...
How to SAVE your heart SHOULD: never expect, never demand, never assume. KNOW: your limits, where to stand, your role.
You may love the wrong person, cry for the wrong reasons. But one thing is for sure mistakes help us to find the right person.
If they lie to you, they may not love you.
Whenever you feel like going back to them, just remember u left for a reason and going back doesn't reverse the problem.
You won't always agree on everything  in a relationship, but at least agree to come to some type of conclusion.
In the end, it all comes down to the fact that I cared too much, and you didn't care enough... or at all, really.
Good things happen to those who wait.
When two people really care about each other, they will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
Best relationship: Girl: Here's your phone. You have a text message. Boy: Babe, just check it for me.
Women's logic: When you like a guy, do nothing about it and expect him to magically know and make the first move.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other. They make take detours in life, but they're never lost.
On average, daters will kiss on the second date.
Painful past relationships can leave u broken in pieces. Don't move into a new one until u are put back together. They deserve all of you.
Its good to be trusted.
i will always care for you, even if we're not together &amp;amp even if we're far, far away from each other.
Sometimes when someone hurts u, u still can't help but to think of when they made u smile
When love is real... it finds a way.
Stop letting people on the stage of your life who don't even deserve a seat in the audience.
Hurt people only hurt people. Heal First!
Learn to give your absence to those who don't appreciate your presence.
You shouldn't waste your time being with someone if they still have feelings for someone else.
You shouldn't waste your time being with someone if they still have feelings for someone else...
Meet their parents before you make a decision to go deeper in a relationship. It's a reflection of how they will be shaped in the future.
I don't hate you, I just lost all respect for you.
I don't understand our relationship. Sometimes, we're friends. Sometimes, we're more then friends. Other times, I'm just a stranger to you.
In a relationship you can't be their whole life, but you can be their favorite part.
A smile is a language of peace. A smile is a language of good looks. A smile is a good weapon agains those who hate you.
It's hard when someone you care about ignores you, but it's even harder pretending not to care.
Drama does not just walk into your life. You either create it, invite it or you associate with people who love to bring it into your life.
Your heart may want them back but let your head tell yourself to let them go.
Sometimes u have to stop fighting, and step back and see if you're swinging alone
Married people in distressed marriages are in poorer health than those in non distressed marriages.
Never put yourself in a situation where you're not sure of where you stand in a person's life.
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing is, be yourself.
Never assume. Never ask. And never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen.
Sending a girl a text that says 'good morning beautiful' can change her attitude for the whole day.
If I tell you my problems, that means I trust you.
Just because they're single doesn't mean their heart is taken.
When you love someone more than they deserve, you end up more hurt than you deserve....
The Boys Who Kiss You're forehead in public while they hold you.
Don't trust the one who acts true in your face, trust the one one who remains true behind your back
I'm missing you right now.
If you're not happy with yourself, then you probably won't be happy with anyone else.
That moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.
You shouldn't waste your time being with someone if they still have feelings for someone else...
Don't leave a marriage until you have expended all options to fix it.
A happy marriage is a union of two good forgivers.
Your face, I like that shit.
People go back to their ex because they're familiar, but you can't finish a story rereading the same page.
No relationship is ever perfect but working through the imperfections is what keeps us going.
I miss you, but I'm trying not to care anymore.
