Our most precious Lord in heaven,   i come to you this very moment, with humbleness from my he... 
Give the victory, Lord, in Jesus' Name! I REBUKE you, Satan! Flee from me demons, at the Name o... 
My wife Patty Ann and me, Joel, got remarried in January 2014. She is drinking and seeing other... 
In the name of Jesus I pray for Carmen to come right back without pain and trouble. 
In the nam... 
To all of the beautiful women who courageously embrace and execute the role of motherhood... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
I woke a couple hours ago and thought it was around 9:00 O’clock, to my shock it was about 2:... 
don't know if I am being childish or not but here is what I am talking about..Today is Mother... 
Lord, please help me to do my part at work this week. IJNIPA.... 
LORD I BEG YOU PLEASE PLEASE GIVE EVERY ONE OF THE MAKE UP COMPANYS BRAND IN BOOTS SUPERDRUG EV... 
ALL SORE CHEST WALL IN MY CHEST CEASE BE GONE PERMANTLY NOW ALL PAIN IN MY WHOLE BODY ARMS LEGS... 
in jesus name there is power I declare in jesus name the particular new foundations new tinted ... 
Please pray wisdom and direction in my work job.  I work for a couple that has a small business... 
Please Jesus make the things that i am that are bad not possible to be me any more
i mean the b... 
It's with a mother's heart I ask for this today on Mother's Day. My 31 year old daughter and 27... 
I don't know if I am being childish or not but here is what I am talking about..Today is Mother... 
I never hunger or thirst for anything
so what might happen if i don't hunger and thirst for any... 
Please I don't know where to turn anymore, help me with my business do well, no matter what ste... 
Pray for the tornado victims... 
Pray sky clear up... 
IN ALL MY WAYS FATHER I ACKNOWLEDGE YOU AND YOU WILL MAKE MY PATH STRAIGHT
I STEVE UNASH YOUR C... 
Dear Heavenly Father I pray that you help the neighbors to mind their business and stay out of ... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Pray my mom aren't mad me since I spend my money flooshy n go out to eat all the times... 
Lord have mercy on me... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Tomorrow starts very early prayer meeting. Pray that I hear the alarm, wake up and go to a pray... 
Pray that the Lord will support me financially wondrous ways! Pray that the Lord will use every... 
Dear God intercessors let us ask the Lord God greatly bless and strengthen friendship between m... 
Please wholeheartedly! Support me with your prayers! Only a miracle of Jesus can help me! Pray ... 
FATHER I  SEEK YOU FIRST IN YOUR KINGDOM AND RIGHTEOUSNESS
I ASK TO RECEIVE WEALTH,PEACE,HAPPIN... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
FATHER BLESSING TO ALL MOM'S IN THE WHOLE WORLD AND ALL GRANDMOTHER'S 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO AL... 
Pray strongly for me please. I am working on my presentation now and other papers due also for ... 
Deuteronomy 15:10
Lord God, help me be generous in all areas, in all things, thereby I claim th... 
Father please bless my mum with long healthy life and bring Godly wives to Farhan and Christian... 
Praise God not raining but need warming temps n sun... 
Please pray that Shawn would grow up. She needs help.... 
I have a pain in my heart because of the many years of being a Christian and still falter when ... 
I am sorry Jesus for not treating my body as a temple amen.... 
well god you answer some prayers but not mine i have o accept that fact i eally prayed hard for... 
I have problems with gas and discomfort in the stomach and intestines! Pray for fully healed! I... 
I keep very improper to women! Pray that the Lord will change that! Pray change to be permanent... 
Father God in Jesus name thankyou for what i do have .
please let your kingdom come and peace t... 
Please pray that Debbie E and I friendship will be strong.... 
Heavenly Father, I am having issues with this computer. Earlier, the screen went black and the ... 
Pray that the Lord will bless me with a decent extra income to permanent! Pray the Lord to make... 
I experience many temptations with women! Lord make me able and faithful to overpower them for ... 
God please take away all lusts I have towards priests, preachers, and towards other women. I bi... 
I met with Kristiana! Prayers work! To thank the Lord and glorify him! Pray that the Lord with ... 
Pray be done God's work and God's will in the relationship between me and Кristiana!... 
God I feel so lost and unproductive without you. Please forgive me of all my sins and I thank Y... 
Pray all lusts and passions in me against women to be forever tied in the name of Jesus! Pray a... 
Prayer for Valeria! Valeria needs healing of the eyes. Let us pray for complete healing!  Let ... 
Pray that the Lord will heal completely my teeth! I really need!... 
Heavenly Father, please help my sister to stop having the pains she is having. Please help her ... 
I'm in big trouble! I have to do a huge amount of exchange projects for a short time! I see no ... 
Dear lord thank you for this happy Mother's day and that i am alive and well, my family and fri... 
Pray to know the Lord! After so many years as a Christian I understand that I know very little ... 
Please lift my adopted mom carol up in prayer she isn't feeling well and has been on antibiotic... 
Pray for Bobby, Marty and Jivko! They have problems with drugs! Pray that the Lord will carry o... 
Pray that the Lord will bless my life very romantic and special moments and experiences! I drea... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. Please pray for my mom. She's traveling to the east coast ... 
I have a great day today I have my blessings in my life now. Luis can't see other women then me... 
My phone is resetted.now and I have my contacts I need now... 
I'm sorry I won't be on much longer. I prayed for a few minutes and now have a headache that mi... 
Tomorrow starts very early prayer meeting. Pray that I hear the alarm, wake up and go to a pray... 
Lord please make me free of fear and help me to have a pure faith, let all negative thoughts go... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
I have big problems with pornography wishes of people of the opposite sex and similar problems!... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
I have a great need for prayer support! Pray that the Lord will heal me in spirit, soul and bod... 
Dear Lord, You know this difficult situation in my brother's family, please help him, bless him... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
Pray that the Lord will forgive me for hypocrisy and scoffing and slander! Pray that the Lord w... 
Pray the Lord to give me a full and compelling victory of all troubles, needs and struggles in ... 
Lord please help me to find mutual love, please bless me and give me a husband by mutual love, ... 
Pray for Siljan. Siljan is a new Christian. Pray that the Lord spoke to him and to bring it clo... 
jm is healed from all his hurts pain now all his bad memories experance all effect from his pas... 
j believes in god now all unbeileve is out of every part of j now in jesus name... 
j is healed from all snoring permantly now he will never snore ever again in jesus name... 
I AM ABUNDANTLY BLESSED SUPPLIED IN EVERY AREA EVERY WAY BLESSED BEYOND MESSURE NOW ALWAYS IN J... 
me and j will have a permant longlasting loving happy relashionship in every way now we get bac... 
please all pray I declare jim is so very generous to me in every way now more eevr all the time... 
in jesus name all jims fears about being with me opening up to me about fully committing to me ... 
I declare all every deay waiting is over now al my deepest prayer request desires are all answe... 
My daughter keeps getting onto my wallet, im not fast enough om too tired i cant see all tjat h... 
MY CHEST IS HEALED NOW THERE WILL BE NO MORE PAIN IN MY CHEST CHEST AREA AT ALL ALL PAIN IS GON... 
HEALING COMPLETE HEALING IN MY WHOLE BODY HEALTH SKIN HAIR EVERY PART OF ME NOW IN JESUS NAMESS... 
j opens up to me fully competley in every way now communicates with me abundantly now ask to se... 
Please prayer for me and my family.... 
Father...you say you have CHOSEN me...right now...in every area of my life, the word chosen for... 
My daughter keeps getting onto my wallet, im not fast enough om too tired i cant see all tjat h... 
great wealth financial blessing floods me overwhelms me now now in jesus namess... 
my foot is healed now my circulation is healed now all every pain in my body is gone permnatly ... 
the make up I desire overtakes me now in jesus name I declare every single make up brand compan... 
IN JESUS NAME EVERY RED VIEN MARK ALL BLEMISHES ALL SKIN PROBLEMS LINE WRINKLES BR GONE FROM EV... 
I DECALRE IN JESUS NAME EVERY ONE OF MY DEEPEST PRAYER REQUEST DESIRES ARE ALL ANSWERED NOW ALL... 
all every one of my deepest needs desires are met now abundantly now always lord in jesus name ... 
April Luis Alexis have no peace for hurting me now until they are all brought to you Lord with ... 
Please ask God that he blesses Brian and I with balanced communication and contact between us. ... 
I PRAY FOR ABUNDANT AND COMPLETE HEALING IN MY HAIR NOW SKIN NOW BODY HEALTH EVERY PART OF ME N... 
j will flood me with forgivness apologise now for hurting me will never hurt me in any way ever... 
I HAVE SUPERNATURAL WISDOM IN ALL THINGS NOW ALWAYS SUPERNATURAL STREANTH ENERGY EVERY DAY THE ... 
please pray that AAA is able to help us as we got stuck with our truck while scouting for a hou... 
I declare in jesus holy name there is now now mighty abundant incredibly breckthroughs with eve... 
MY BONES ARE STROMG HEALED IN EVERY WAY NOW THERE WILL BE NO MORE PAINS IN MY BONES BODY NOW EV... 
I declare I will in jesus name now without dealy go many great wonderful holidays abroad now th... 
I declare mighty abundant incredibly extreme breakthroughs with all my prayers now desires requ... 
the blessing of the lord overtakes me in every all areas of my life now in jesus namess... 
Please pray for me bacause satan is tempting me right now.. Tnx.... 
j comes back to me now quickly loves me like no other in every way now opens up to me fully com... 
please please pray me and j will get back together as couple now very quickly speedly without d... 
my dad is a lot a lot better dad to me in every way now meets up with me a lot more requalr oft... 
I lift up Dave, his wife and children to you Lord. Bless Dave and his house with salvation if t... 
Great I Am bless Your Holy Name forever. Jesus thank You for everything and please forgive my s... 
Dear God, I pray and declare that I will have a great day at work today. I pray and declare tha... 
jim is so very generous to me in every way no more ever all the time more more every day withou... 
Sweet Jesus I continue to lift up to You for healing Don, Judy, Regretfully, Rick, Lovereturns,... 
please all pray in jesus name I declare great abundant incredibly financial blessings wealth co... 
Jesus I miss my mother she died when I was young from cancer, please let her be OK and please t... 
Father God...I know you say I'm precious...I'm your daughter...certainly now this moment I feel... 
Lord please send me a great husband that will be good for my daughter and I. That will protect ... 
All I want right now is to make it to see my creator in heaven.... 
Bring in your judgments Lord let your judgments come.upon the enemy morning by morning Isa28 : ... 
I receive my favor in my life I recieve my blessings I receive my husband prayers answered now ... 
Perhaps it is something that I have done that Zi have been dealing with my left ear being clogg... 
Luis has no peace about using me and telling everyone he doesn't care about me. Luis has no pea... 
Luis cannot make a bond with any other women now. Luis Sees all the evil he did to me and has n... 
Lord bring in my life miracles bring me showers of blessings. Showers of blessings over Pams an... 
Lord I get my kitchen table picked up by who you want bring me good people in my life to bless ... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Lord help me I get my car fixed by who you want now no more being used by Luis no more me spend... 
Lord open up heaven and give me a great day. I get the part I need for my car Luis fixes it fas... 
God, I'm requesting prayers for my friend lisa. I pray that you will comfort her during her tim... 
Lord, I ask you to lead my steps and into the place you want me to be. You know my dreams, but ... 
Lord, I pray for D. who asked me to pray for her and her husband. May they both be touched by Y... 
Middle School Male who wants to be part of the loud rule breakers even though he sees what they... 
Pray strongly as we speak things are getting worst. He needs to leave this unhealthy relationsh... 
Need food and groceries for the week. I was not paid this weekend as promised. I didn't expect ... 
Please I pray for a godly Sunday.

He lied to me, he tricked me...why??? I've given so much and... 
Lord bring me my healthy loving husband remove anyone's bad influences on me and him now. Destr... 
Alexis Luis April are heavily convicted until they are brought to full repentance for there evi... 
Pray for me to win this case. Few days ago I sent some very important paperwork via fax pray th... 
We just started being friends she is Christian like me. We have great discussion about God the ... 
Luis can't see other women then me he is heavily convicted for hurting me now... 
Pray for all Mothers today on Mothers Day. Help them feel wanted and cherished. Let all family ... 
Luis fixes my car easily and quickly and offers to pick up my table for me he has no peace for ... 
Be happy with what God  has given you. 
Wirk to improve your education, personality, character ... 
Please help me I'm confused on choosing a topic for my presentation. Pray for me strongly that ... 
Pray for me against jealousy around me especially at school. Many females look at me with evil ... 
Pray for the people of Nepal. Pray that God gives them strength during this difficult time. Pra... 
She keeps on looking for an apartment for my cousin to move in with her and have sex with him. ... 
Things are out of control at my apartment. I got so busy with school and school papers presenta... 
Thank you for your prayers.! Keep my son M and his family safe and healthy throughout the year.... 
Pray for my father. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he has good health. Pray for him to b... 
Pray that he stop talking to 2 women they are bad for him they both want to be with him they ar... 
Pray for me that God heals my body. I don't feel comfortable in my private part like I'm feelin... 
In the name of Jesus I pray to be safe and protected without pain and trouble.
In the name of J... 
It's been over 2 years and I still don't have my drivers license. I don't know what is going on... 
Dear Father, I release forgiveness to the harsh words, misunderstanding, unfair judgement, curs... 
Today is Mother's day Pray for them to be pain free no body pains.... 
Pray for me that God keeps me clean body mind spirit soul. Pray that God protects my body mind ... 
Pray for my mother. Pray for her to be healthy, pray that she has good health. Pray for her to ... 
My hair have been short all my life. I have been depressed all my life because I never saw my h... 
I was unable to work this semester because I took many courses. I'm almost done with school pra... 
Pray for my skin and face to be healthy, free from acne, blemishes, marks. Pray that I have a v... 
Dear Father, please bless me with Your anointing so that I will be liked, loved, and respected ... 
Help me I think about my ex sexually almost every day. I'm talking to him again right now . Pra... 
there is no more slow time...it turns around into abundance and the debt it paid the path moves... 
ALL PIAN IN MY WHOLE BODY MUSCLES BE GONE PERMANTLY NOW IN JESUS NAME LORD FLOOD ME WITH YOUR H... 
in jesus name jm will ask to marry me soon this year cant wait to ask me want to be with me onl... 
Father God,
Please put a hedge of protection around my relationship with Z. Please have mercy o... 
Pray for my friend Donna and my friend Richard to come to salvation may they know our Ha-Adonai... 
PRAYERS WANTED I Have a friend that has a horse that is pregnant and the Horse can HAVE THE BAB... 
The Horse needs to be born as soon as possible LORD.... 
For with God nothing shall be impossible.(Luke 1:37) Please provide me with a breakthrough God ... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Father in Heaven, Your Name be Honored, Your Kingdom Come, Your Will be Done on Earth as in Hea... 
PRAYERS WANTED I Have a friend that has a horse that is pregnant and the Horse can HAVE THE BAB... 
Help me pray for the husband that I have always dreamed about. That wonderful man who I can cal... 
All night and i want to shoot myself.Make it stop amen... 
Oh I wish it stop raining n lousy n clouty 
Pray a lot of warmer temps m sunny day... 
Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank you for this day and for your word. Forgive me for missing church ... 
Pray I get my taxes soon on my card 700.00... 
Dear Lord bless all the mothers in the world. Bring them much happiness and hope and fill their... 
Look up
 Ask yourself, "Am I serious about living this new resurrected life?" If so, this is wh... 
For a day of love to all real mothers out there. Mothers who have loved beyond their means, who... 
Lord please help me find a new job. I pray and declare that the other jobs I applied for will c... 
I have quite wrong attitude and behavior. Focusing on the problems and forget gratitude and joy... 
My hope is only in God's mercy! Let us pray, the Lord to strengthen me and blessed me financial... 
Lord almighty, please wholeheartedly for the full manifestation of the Holy Spirit in my life -... 
Let us pray, the Lord greatly strengthen and bless the friendship between me and Pastor Jimmy. ... 
Please help me God and build me to be forever a man of prayer, faith, the Word and the Spirit, ... 
Dear God, I pray to you in the name of Jesus. Please Bless my incompetent adult son Timothy  wi... 
I declare when I phone jaz tomorrow he will in jesus name get me the dress I desirss from his f... 
Why are you so vain?... 
Please Lord Jesus Let Everything Go Well With My Dad's Medical Procedure Tomorrow. Also Jesus L... 
I declare in jesus name j cant live without me my life is aching for me cant stand being apart ... 
God please give me  a lot of power  to put all bad spirits in the pit,in Jesus name,as soon as ... 
lord please bless me with great refreshing peaceful relaxing sleep every night in jesus name bl... 
I will in jesus name now in jesus name go many wonderful great holidays abroad now this year wi... 
my beauty appearance hygine is blessed very very best ever in every way now a great streath stu... 
great abundant incredibly financial blessing wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me ... 
EVERY RED VIEN ALL MARKS BLEMISHES ALL SKION PROBLEMS WRINKLES LINES ON MY WHOLE FACE ADN SKIN ... 
IN JESUS NAME LORD  BLESS THE REST OF  THIS YEAR FOR ME TO BE TOTALLY WONDERFUL AMAZING FOR ME ... 
PLEASE ALL PRAY IN JESUS NAME I COMMAND  MY WHOLE HAIR BLESSED INCREDIBLY ALOT ALOT THICKER NOW... 
in jesus name there is power I declare the particular new foundations new tinted mostruiers new... 
Sunday 5/10/2015
Yes, everything else is worthless when compared with the infinite value of kno... 
Call your mom........ 
I declare in jesus Christ name j has now permantly given up his job working away hates it so mu... 
in jesus name I declare j comes back to me now with a love for me like no other in every way no... 
Happy Mother's Day <ROSE><ROSE><ROSE><ROSE>... 
please pray I declare in jesus name every single prayer I have said for jim is all answered now... 
Please Lord Jesus Help All My Situations. Let Their Be No Problems. Speak Peace To These Things... 
I have stepped back and given full control over to the Lord, I have stepped back from my wife a... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
My prayer request today is that we ask  for God’s strength, grace, and favor for mothers eve... 
Lord please remind I.G. about me, let he talk to me, let he remember me, I need him, help me, m... 
Dear Heavenly Father, please prevent all interferences between me and I.G., open his heart for ... 
Lord please make me free of fear and help me to have a pure faith, let all negative thoughts go... 
Please pray for our 8 year old son Mason who will endure extensive scanning over the next 3 day... 
Dear Lord, You know this difficult situation in my brother's family, please help him, bless him... 
Father God, I pray that no weapons formed against us will prosper. I pray that my wife's consci... 
Lord please help me to find mutual love, please bless me and give me a husband by mutual love, ... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Hi, my name is Suzanne.  I want prayer for a new smile. Prayer that I can get my teeth fixed.  ... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
you will know friends that I have had constant pain and bleeding for weeks and weeks. It's got ... 
Dear brethren, I intend to keep praying until my change comes... Please pray that my ex and I b... 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms on this prayer site! I want to thank God for the best gift i... 
praise God, am having a debt of 5000 $, i got it to pay brothers tuition. please pray for becau... 
He lied to me, he tricked me...why??? I've given so much and it apparently doesn't mean anythin... 
GOD PLEASE HEAL ME!IJNIP... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Fianally saw the cleavlamd movie pray for strength for the 3 lady that finally got away after 1... 
Please pray Mick &amp; I reconcile ASAP we both change what we need to do to be together permanentl... 
Lord i've been praying for this for two years now...please Lord give my boyfriend Zubair to me ... 
Please pray for more Fear, Love, Faith, Wisdom, obedience to the Lord and His Holy commandments... 
God...It feels like you are not answering my prayers but I know you are...please help me...I'm ... 
Pray for warmer temps m sun on Mother's Day no no more bad storms pray for warmth I'm cold hate... 
; ( Jesus Please interviene now fast my husband God has planned for me now car kitchen table pi... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 Luis can have favor for me ... 
Please pray for my deliverance from homosexuality and for my repentance toward God and faith un... 
Lord Jesus I'm highly favored and healed from the spiritual battle I was in now... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and my husband God has planned for me now... 
No more witchcraft selfish prayers word curses on my life marriage now... 
All oppression witchcraft jealousy removed now... 
Lord bring who you want to help me get my table now... 
I'm set free from curses of strife and malice division divorce now... 
Amen... 
to walk in integrity and to be more like you.  In Jesus Name Amen,... 
I need a financial miracle today. Bills are due today and I don't have the money. Lost my job o... 
Lord, I ask you to lead my steps and into the place you want me to be. You know my dreams, but ... 
Way to cold had to hug my self m still cold ugh no more rain storms or serve Weather... 
God remove all witchcraft controlling spirits strife molec I renounce the soul tie with Luis no... 
Let it be unto The Crossings at Hillcroft:

Psalm 5:6Thou shalt destroy them that sp... 
Lord im done with the division separation from Luis. God it doesn't get better just more people... 
No more lies from Luis and he doesn't lead me on anymore .... 
Luis can't have other women at his, house them me they cannot come over there ever now... 
And i pray for him, amen... 
Luis is in pure regret for hurting me now... 
Thank you Lord for my favor I receive my favor I have so much favor that even my mistakes are m... 
Luis cannot play games and play and use women ever again now... 
April and Alexis see there own evil they did to me today and hurt me they have no peace about I... 
Send back all witchcraft selfish prayers word curses that caused today into whoever life that d... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
Luis Sees his own evil he did to me today and has no peace about it until he is brought to full... 
Father please bless me to lose 10 pounds asap and bless my metabolism, heal it in Jesus name am... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Shawn and Pams.husband get great jobs in lodi or near now open up heaven fast and easy. Shawn c... 
Luis doesn't ever sleep with another woman bring him to a place where you deal with him for hur... 
Luis Sees his own evil he did to me and is abhorred repelled by all now... 
Lord I plead a case Isaiah 4 3 : 26 x7x7x7 put me in remembrance state your case so you maybe a... 
Lord bring me the Husband you have planned for me now no more malice strife witchcraft now in m... 
Luis is brought to full repentance for hurting me today now... 
April.is brought to full repentance for hurting me today now... 
Lord correct Luis Alexis April for hurting me today now. Bring in as many Giant warrior angels ... 
Luis cannot see text call.or be with another woman now then me... 
I was lost since birth. Darkness filled the world around me.Can't see the mess in my life cause... 
Help me I think about my ex sexually almost every day. I'm talking to him again right now . I p... 
Lord . Luis and I have faught hard today deal with him now... 
Luis fixes my car fast and easy all the way from the spiritual into the physical 100 fold into ... 
Luis can't lie about being with another woman now... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Luis goes home now and is brought to full repentance for hurting me now... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
April Luis Alexis have no peace about hurting me.now... 
I have strength peace joy and breakthroughs no more hurt over me today now... 
My sister looked so tired and weak today.  I pray that God will improve her health and protect ... 
Please pray for Carl, he is drinking tonight and we argue. I dislike him when he is drunk. Even... 
Luis is brought to full repentance for Stacey and all women he has had on the side of me now th... 
Lord correct Luis Alexis April for all hurting me today. Lord bring in Justice judgement rod of... 
April and Luis have no peace for hurting me tonight... 
Luis goes home.and.doesnt ever tell me he is with another woman unless he really is now... 
Lord Jesus God, make me truly happy. You speak on joy, and I want joy that lasts and comes from... 
I am asking for additional prayer assistance for me to be able to cope with the extreme feeli... 
Whoever Luis is with has no peace being around him now she tells him leave her alone forever... 
April has no peace foe hurting me now... 
Luis can't see this other women there night ends now... 
Luis doesn't have any peace for hurting me now... 
Luis goes home now... 
Luis doesn't see other women now he leaves now... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With you I can cope. I tha... 
Lord I am very uneasy with my life right now. Please pray for me. Things just don't feel right ... 
As I'm about to fall asleep soon Lord, I pray that you protect me from having these sleep paral... 
Long story and can't share right now. Please pray for me. Thanks.... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
God help my friend with preaching! Give him the right words to preach, lead him, and deliver th... 
Lord bring in your arm no one has an arm like you full of power and might job 40 : 9 x7x7x7 Lor... 
Glorious God, provider, redeemer, and friend, Bring many and big big sales to our home business... 
Dear God please let the person I have let into my life be true and honest and not hurt me like ... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift E.A. and K.M.... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift J.H., B.O., a... 
Prayer that my wife can stop running and face the situation and work and fight for it. My wife ... 
Feel confident in whom you have created ive ncr felt less worthy, amen... 
Please lord I pray my stomach does not cramp bad tomorrow. Forgive me for my sins. Let me be pu... 
HELLO, PRAYER REQUEST, PLEASE!!!
My mother Jean has had all her assets unrighteously taken, inc... 
Urgent prayer request for a parent that doesn't want to lose custody of their child if the pers... 
I'm highly highly favored with my husband God has planned for me now and all his family followe... 
Alexis is brought to the light and full repentance for her words to me and her intentions to hu... 
I have an object lesson Sunday morning about 10:25am.  It is for 5th graders thru 8th graders. ... 
Alexis is brought to full repentance for being malicious to me now... 
please Pray FOr My Husband,Children And I.We Are Traveling A Lot On A Very Dangerous Road, And ... 
please Pray FOr My Husband,Children And I.We Are Traveling A Lot On A Very Dangerous Road, And ... 
please Pray FOr My Husband,Children And I.We Are Traveling A Lot On A Very Dangerous Road, And ... 
April knows Alexis told me that her doesn't care and was malicious now... 
Alexis is heavily convicted for lieing she tells the truth now... 
Luis is heavily convicted for hurting me and not protecting me now... 
Alexis is heavily convicted for hurting me now... 
Jesus bring in as much light as it takes into the darkness that April is not upset with me. She... 
Jesus bring in as much light as it takes into the darkness that April is not upset with me. She... 
Lord,
Thank you for this blessed day. I really enjoyed it and was very happy. I pray for more h... 
Please pray for me. I miss my husband so much. He walked away from me last year and I really mi... 
God, fix this site. Slow on Fri sat &amp; Sun nights. I gave up waiting for the "quick" reply. God,... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift D.W., W.W., a... 
Thank You for for helping me to find this site. so that I may post my prayers for other believe... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift M.W.,A.H., an... 
Father please give me sign that my healing for me and my family is coming soon, I don't know if... 
i pray blessing guidance and peace on our relationship and confirmation if moving toward marria... 
God, save and protect my sons and their friends wherever they are tonight. Holy Spirit, bring r... 
God, save and protect my sons and their friends wherever they are tonight. Holy Spirit, bring r... 
Please pray for Betty and John's business in Texas, that their business will pick up and they w... 
LORD Luis April Alexis all apologize to me for hurting me so badly. Bring in as much light as i... 
God, save and protect my sons and their friends wherever they are tonight. Holy Spirit, bring r... 
I am requesting prayer for my daughter Deborah we will be in San Antonio to see a doctor for a ... 
I dont know what I'm good at Our Father says I'm good at lots of things what are my gifts and t... 
AVINU - Father give courage to Mr.C and bless him according to your will. give him intellegence... 
Father, I ask for self -worth. Change the false beliefs to Your thoughts, including your though... 
I need a prayer. I was exposed to some hazardous substance, which caused my lung to collapse. A... 
Atill be having epileptic seizures they say, i dont believe ir, once n awhile i feel as tho my ... 
Pray that the Lord give me a good and restful sleep tonight and every night. Pray that tomorrow... 
I'm praying that my co worker Noel and I can sit down and have a heart to heart talk and reconc... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Q.W. and B.W.... 
Amd i want oy to let go, beacuae i fear for our lives in his presence amen... 
I invite you into my presence into this home and into our lives amen... 
Lord Jesus please help interviene fast i got so hurt by Alexis words now about how Luis doesn't... 
Please pray for all those who have lost their moms-like I have.-pray we can cope with the sadne... 
Please Lord help us get over this difficult time. The load is too heavy and we need your help. ... 
We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.... 
Pray my cell stop being hot... 
She refuses to eat and or just eat too little. She has been having this disease for years now. ... 
Lord,
I pray that by your mighty power you will make Z an instrument of your peace; where there... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
My hope is only in God's mercy! Let us pray, the Lord to strengthen me and blessed me financial... 
Jesus please give my husband miracle healing from interstitial lung illness and raise his lung ... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Let us pray everything God has given me through, revelations, sermons, visions, books, situatio... 
Please, let us agree in prayer:
1 Lord to build and strengthen me, to be the leader and the emp... 
Let us pray, the Lord to build and strengthen me so: in prayer to pray exactly what God wants t... 
Silent requests--please pray.--very hard times for my family these days.~~thank you~~ and God b... 
I do to him back to me....i live on constant fear he will take my baby, that he left away, he t... 
Father, Please help me concur my sleep paralysis. They are extremely scary. I've been having th... 
Hi
Please pm me if you have anything. Thanks.... 
Father, Please continue to help me concur my sleep paralysis. They are extremely scary. I've be... 
Just because I was born with an ugly face...V is choosing the other girl...Lord, why am I uglie... 
Please Lord help me in getting the necessary money for my sister and I move internationally soo... 
While i know i can nvr understand your perfect will, i invite you further into my heart into my... 
Dear Lord,
My brother has stopped searching for a job because he has lost hope. Please help him... 
I pray that a financial miracle happens today. I'm desperate Father. Please answer my prayers a... 
Lord I feel like an idiot I just heard Luis is telling the kids he doesn't care about me. Lord ... 
Father God Please I feel dry in my heart and I need the spirit is flowing within my. Give me th... 
Lord I feel like an idiot I just heard Luis is telling the kids he doesn't care about me. Lord ... 
Pray that the Lord give me a good and restful sleep tonight and every night. Pray that tomorrow... 
Lord, please heal my relationship with Antonette. Please help us get back together if we are me... 
Prayer Warriors please pray this prayer often and even post it yourself. I think we will start ... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Heavenly Father i pray for all souls on earth that cannot pray or now how to or even know there... 
Please pray that my fiance feels better and also that we make it to church tomorrow if God's wi... 
Please pray for salvation for my mom and my fiance's mom and that they receive their Mother's D... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With you I can cope. I tha... 
I live in luxuary now I have more money that I ever ever dreamed of now I am rich I am wealthy ... 
j will buy me anything I want now do anything for me go any where I want to go take me any wher... 
lord satisfy my deepest needs desires longing all of them now abundantly overflowing now withou... 
Please all continue to pray for my niece. PLease pray that her appointment on Tuesday brings he... 
Pray for me. Tomorrow wake up and go to church, without ever late. Pray that the Lord greatly b... 
lord thank you for the clothes I have lord bless jaz when I call him Monday to get the cream le... 
Got storms coming n colder air... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift A.W. and myse... 
I never met her but I talked to her on the phone. She is a lovely lady. My friend told me that ... 
Dear Prayer Warriors please keep me and my situation in your prayers. God please I know we are ... 
jim will in jesus name ask to marry me soon this year cant wait to ask me wants to be with me o... 
LORD BLESS ME WITH RADIANT BEAUTY APPERANCE FROM HEAD TO TOE NOW BLESS MY APPERANCE BEAUTY TO S... 
ALL MY SADNESS SORROW LONELYNESS TURNS TO GREAT JOY HAPPINESS FIFILMENT SATISFACTION VICTORY SU... 
Please pray. I trouble with lusts after pornography and masturbation... 
please please all pray I declare in jesus name I have the very very best health now skin now ha... 
Please bless Athens Athena as she is pregnant and going to have her kittens soon!. Guide her an... 
Thank you for the previllage of Prayer . To pray for each others needs. to your Glory .Rauch El... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from loneliness. Let us pray, the Lo... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
Pray for Tisho! Perfect God's will to be done in every area of his life and to learn God's ways... 
I have recently lost my mother to cancer, and this Sunday will be my 1st Mother's day without m... 
Pray for Siljan. Siljan is a new Christian. Pray that the Lord spoke to him and to bring it clo... 
Pray that the Lord will forgive me for hypocrisy and scoffing and slander! Pray that the Lord w... 
Pray the Lord to give me a full and compelling victory of all troubles, needs and struggles in ... 
Pray for me! Lord build me never to worry and fear for my needs and problems. Pray that the Lor... 
I have a great need for prayer support! Pray that the Lord will heal me in spirit, soul and bod... 
Pray that God will protect and bless my health!... 
WISDOM,KNOWLEDGE,WEALTH,PEACE AND HAPPINESS IN MY WHOLE LIFE IN JESUS NAME AMEN... 
I have big problems with pornography wishes of people of the opposite sex and similar problems!... 
My spiritual life is very unkempt and I walked away from the Lord! My heart is grieved to death... 
Pray that the Lord will bless my life very romantic and special moments and experiences! I drea... 
Pray for Bobby, Marty and Jivko! They have problems with drugs! Pray that the Lord will carry o... 
I ask for favor and direction to people who are already looking and considering saving money on... 
Pray to know the Lord! After so many years as a Christian I understand that I know very little ... 
I am believing in agreement for these prayers. please agree and pray they come to pass in our l... 
In jesus name I declare great mighty abundant incredibly financial blessing wealth comes to me ... 
the blessing of the lord overtakes me in all areas of my life now in jesus name th elord flood ... 
Hey friends, please pray for me to have a lot of faith and trust in God! I have a big event goi... 
Pray that the Lord will heal completely my teeth! I really need!... 
success breackthroughs vivtory with all my prayers desires now in jesus name no mire delays wai... 
Pray all lusts and passions in me against women to be forever tied in the name of Jesus! Pray a... 
I'm in big trouble! I have to do a huge amount of exchange projects for a short time! I see no ... 
in jesus Christ name there is power I declare the particular new foundations new tinted mostrui... 
I need a lot of your prayer support! Years of fighting,make fast and pray with - lust, carnal p... 
THE LORD ANSWERS MY PRAYERS DESIRES FASTER THAN EVER NOW IS DOING THINGS FAST THAN EVER FOR ME ... 
LORD PLEASE I BEG YOU PLEASE PLEASE EXEED EXEED ALL OF MY PRAYERS REQUEST DESIRES NOW ALWAYS EN... 
I declare in jesus holy name mighty mighty incredible extreme breakthroughs now right now with ... 
my circulation is healed now no more feeling cold being cold I speak healing to every organ cel... 
my lungs throat chest air ways breathing every single part of me is healed healed now in jesus ... 
my beauty appearance is very very best ever now in every way flourishes totally stunning amazin... 
Heavenly Father,
I pray for strength and healing over my husband, so that he will quit smoking ... 
I COMMAND MY WHOLE HAIR BLESSED ALOT ALOT THICKER NOW FULLER NOW ALOT LONGER NOW STRONGER RADIA... 
EVERY SINGLE MARK ALL RED VIENS ALL BLEMISHES WRINKLES LINES ALL EVERY SKIN PROBELM IN JESUS NA... 
Pray that the Lord will bless me with a decent extra income to permanent! Pray the Lord to make... 
Pray be done God's work and God's will in the relationship between me and Кristiana!... 
I met with Kristiana! Prayers work! To thank the Lord and glorify him! Pray that the Lord with ... 
I keep very improper to women! Pray that the Lord will change that! Pray change to be permanent... 
I have problems with gas and discomfort in the stomach and intestines! Pray for fully healed! I... 
I experience many temptations with women! Lord make me able and faithful to overpower them for ... 
Dear God intercessors let us ask the Lord God greatly bless and strengthen friendship between m... 
I have a pain in my heart because of the many years of being a Christian and still falter when ... 
Pray that the Lord will support me financially wondrous ways! Pray that the Lord will use every... 
Please wholeheartedly! Support me with your prayers! Only a miracle of Jesus can help me! Pray ... 
Please lift up my situation to God and keep me in your prayers. I decided to reach out and help... 
I declare every controlling spirit all stubbnorn spirits all selfishness all childishness all a... 
lord please put the love abundant love of the lord in every part of jim towards me in every way... 
I declare j believes in the god now all unbelieve in god is gone from every part of j now in je... 
j is healed permantly from all snoring all hurts pains of his past now in jesus name... 
I declare my faith hope streanth paece joy happiness friends clothes make up jewlery finances b... 
lord please give me more sighns from you give me a lot a lot better dreams visions when I sleep... 
My beauty healed inside and out better then before. I have my favor with Luis out the roof he l... 
I declare I have supernatural wisdom with all thing now always in jesus namess... 
I recently applied for a job. It has been full of drama. It's still up in the air. I would appr... 
lord heal me from all hurt pain deeply now renew me restore me in power me streanthen every sin... 
wealth comes to me right now very eaisily abundantly wealth overtakes me now I belss help other... 
In Jesus name help me and anyone else trusting in you to quit smoking easily ... 
Just because I was born with an ugly face...V is choosing the other girl...Lord, why am I uglie... 
Wish it was wRmer out more sun <ROSE><ROSE><ROSE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE><FULL MOON WITH FACE>... 
lord in jesus name flood right now every single make up brand company every one in boots now su... 
Heavenly Father, please help my sister to stop having the pains she is having. Please help her ... 
please lord help me find a place and get a job and be around my revelation family like should a... 
I am healed permnatly from all depression sadness sorrow loneliness all oppression all pmt all ... 
LORD THANK YOU FOR ALL I HAVE LORD BLESS ME MORE MORE MORE ABUNDANTLY OVERFLOWING IN EVERY WAY ... 
there is no side effect ever with me taking Yasmin pill I will never ever get any side effects ... 
I declare mighty incredibly extreme abundant breackthroughs with all my prayer request desires ... 
I declare in jesus name I will in jesus name go many beautiful holidays this year now without d... 
all jims fears about being with me communicating to me opening up to me fully committing to me ... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
my skin is blessed flawless now best ever now all skin blemish marks all skin problems red vien... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
j is not not not addicted to the pub any more his friends work -banned site- porn games jokes a... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
Father please bless me to lose 10 pounds asap and bless my metabolism, heal it in Jesus name am... 
I declare in jesus name all of my deepest prayer request desires are all all answerd now overta... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
lord please please flood me with all your love favour goodness my deepest request desires the m... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
please please pray in jesus name there Is power j floods me overwhelms me now without dealy ver... 
I'm so unhappy I dislike my life. I hate myself. Nothing makes me happy I'm tired of life, tire... 
Lord Jesus I lift up francesmm to You on this site, Lord Jesus be with her today, rescue her bo... 
lord please exeed exeed every single one of my prayer request desires now always lord enlarge m... 
please please pray this is very important to me in jesus name there is power I declare every si... 
my clothes are getting a lot a lot better better now jaz will get me the cream leather dress I ... 
Not feeling well. Please pray.... 
MY YOUTH IS RENEWED IN EVERY PART OF ME ABUNDANTLY I LOOK 15 YEARS YOUUNGER WHAT I REALLY AM NO... 
IN JESUS NAME EVERY RED VEIN ALL MARKS BLEMISHES LINES WRINKLES BE GONE COMPLETLY FROM MY WHOLE... 
MY BEAUTY APPERANCE HYGINE IS BLESSED VERY VERY BEST EVER IN EVERY WAY TOTALLY STUNNING STRIKIN... 
My Mom Dad stops being controlling over me and Luis they are grateful for him helping me now... 
Luis there family followers stop being negative about me they are grateful for me for now on... 
Maria her cohorts have all there witchcraft selfish prayers off of me and Luis into there own l... 
Send all witchcraft back where it came from off of me and Luis now... 
Lizzy gets senior Sharon in my math class accepted for school easily now... 
I can put my make up on black hairs removed from my face all my beauty back now acne gone clear... 
I have extraordinary favor extreme wisdom now I recieve my prayers being answered now... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favored w... 
Luis figures out to fix his truck easily today... 
I declare in jesus name j cant live without me my love is aching for me sleeps thinks eats brea... 
All witchcraft selfish prayers word curses blocking Luis from loving me working on my car block... 
Asking everyone to join me in prayer to ask the brother to please help us out.  God has blessed... 
Luis blesses my life for now on. All the money and time I have spent on him April the kids use ... 
Senior Richard gets permanent disability fast approved for kidney transplant on Wednesday. Seni... 
I declare I have more money that I ever dreamed of now without delay wealth comes to me now ver... 
California gets showers of rain and the state figures out how conserve water making more jobs f... 
I have extraordinary favor on my life Luis has favor for me but doesn't have my favor he has, p... 
Luis doesn't see other women then me. Luis doesn't want anyone else then me ever again now... 
I'm redeemed from the midday curse now... 
Remove Any Hex.placed On MY Life THAT Is Blocking MY HUSBAND God Has Planned For Me NOW... 
please please all pray I need your prayers I declare me and j will get back together as couple ... 
I receive my favor beauty even better than before now... 
well...Father God, I guess you are allowing it for a reason...I waited for V to wake up this Sa... 
Pray manpower ofter Heidi job 3rd shift on bus line cause I got fire for no reason m Erwin m To... 
I receive my favor car fixed my place to live... 
I'm sorry I won't be on much longer but I have been praying for others for about 2 hours; ever ... 
in jesus name the particular new foundations new tinted mostruiers new bb creams bronzers cosme... 
ALL STATICNESS ELECTRICITY BE GONE FROM MY WHOLE HAIR PERMANTLY NOW IN JESUS NAME I COMMAND MY ... 
jim is so very generous to me more ever all the time more more every day will never be selfish ... 
jim will ask to marry me soon this year cant wait to ask me wants to be with  me onky me foreve... 
Father, Thank YOU also for providing a serene place where I can sit in comfort, read my bible, ... 
j comes back to me now without dealy with a love for me like no other in every way now our rela... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
please pray in jesus name great abundant incredibly financial blessing wealth comes to me now o... 
All Jealousy Gone everyone can share me now... 
My phone is cleared up fast and easy now. I save all my pictures contacts fast and easy. My pho... 
Lord open up heaven Lizzy gets hours with Mom Bruce Dad she can help me with my seniors and get... 
LORD, thank You for a great night of sleep even though in the most unlikely of places.
Thank Yo... 
I'm highly highly favored with Luis in his heart mind thoughts desires actions towards me until... 
God help me get a good grade in ECI 573... 
j communicates with me abundantly now text calls me abundantly now ask to see me abundantly now... 
I'm highly highly favored with Maria she loves me and has a heart for me the way a mother in la... 
I declare in jesus name every single prayer I have said for jim is answered now I declare there... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I have extreme favor with M... 
please stand in prayer with me over debt freedom and fear in my home. I pray that the lord enab... 
let my finances, be revived! 
Let my business, be revived! 
Let my education, be revived!
let m... 
thanking the lord for everything and thanking all that pray for me and my love ones may the lor... 
Luis fixes his truck fast and easy move every mountain fast and it works great. Luis fixes my c... 
God my test results are very bad and were just explained to me by a nurse on the phone. My toxi... 
Dear God, Please help me have a great day at work. Soften everyone's heart towards me. Lord I p... 
Please pray for me to find full-time employment and blessing and favor in my finances so I can ... 
Lord my life is in your hands.  Your will be done.  I just got a call from my doctor telling me... 
Lord God I pray that my ex mother in law receives my letter and reads it with an open mind and ... 
I ask for Grace to find houses that are solar viable that want to save money for electric and h... 
Dear God, I pray to you in the name of Jesus to please Bless my incompetent son Timothy with yo... 
Please Lord I already missed out once today on getting to go home early, please let them offer ... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Thank you for the previllage of Prayer . To pray for each others needs. to your Glory .Rauch El... 
In the name of Jesus I pray to be safe and protected without pain and trouble.
In the name of J... 
Father God.  It's a new day.  Father, I don't know why lots of things are happening not accordi... 
Thank you for your prayers.! Keep my son M and his family safe and healthy throughout the year.... 
Sometimes I wish I had amnesia so I could forget all the hurt and pain. Please God, take away a... 
Pray for my skin and face to be healthy, free from acne, blemishes, marks. Pray that I have a v... 
They are pressuring me to pay a bill by June 1. Please pray that they leave me alone and wait f... 
My hair have been short all my life. I have been depressed all my life because I never saw my h... 
Pray for my mother. Pray for her to be healthy, pray that she has good health. Pray for her to ... 
I was unable to work this semester because I took many courses. I'm almost done with school pra... 
Please help me I'm confused on choosing a topic for my presentation. Pray for me strongly that ... 
He has many women and he uses them for a place to stay for a place to put his clothes and belon... 
Pray for my grandpa. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he lives long. I have not seen him i... 
Things are out of control at my apartment. I got so busy with school and school papers presenta... 
Pray for me that God heals my body. I don't feel comfortable in my private part like I'm feelin... 
Pray for me against jealousy around me especially at school. Many females look at me with evil ... 
Pray for my father. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he has good health. Pray for him to b... 
Pray for them to be pain free no body pains.... 
It's been over 2 years and I still don't have my drivers license. I don't know what is going on... 
Pray that he stop talking to 2 women they are bad for him they both want to be with him they ar... 
Pray for me that God keeps me clean body mind spirit. Pray that God protects my body mind and s... 
Pray strongly as we speak things are getting worst. He needs to leave this unhealthy relationsh... 
We just started being friends she is Christian like me. We have great discussion about God the ... 
Pray for me to be silent before you God and everybody out there knowing when and how to keep si... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
I lift up Dave, his wife and children to you Lord. Bless Dave and his house with salvation if t... 
Please pray for my and my friend kyle's return to The LORD. Please pray for Godly sorrow, humil... 
Do not remember the former things,
Nor consider the things of old.
Behold, I will do a new thin... 
Please Pray For Me To Gain Weight Bcoz I'm too Skinny ... I'm 14 years Old Boy . from PH .. Ple... 
Please pray that I can a second chance in higher education. I am in a program. I am placed on h... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm healed in my prayer... 
Luis fixes his truck fast and we can pick up my kitchen table fast and easy today. Open up heav... 
He sends peace across your nation and satisfies your hunger with the finest wheat.
  --Psalm 14... 
Ha-Adonai I ask you for a job that is creative and that I will enjoy and be able to cope with. ... 
Lord Jesus Christ, let me have a good day at work today God. I've been having some issues with ... 
Please pray for my sister as i have not heard from her in moths and i have called her and wrote... 
Please let the funds come today as i need to pay rent and my fine art for this customer AVINU p... 
Sweet Jesus I continue to lift up to You Don, Judy, Regretfully, Rick, Lovereturns, Jesusluvs, ... 
Please pray that i may have the full amount for my surgery soon!.. Thank you and blessings to y... 
SURGERY PLEASE... 
Great I Am bless Your Holy Name forever. Jesus thank You for everything and please forgive my s... 
For with God nothing shall be impossible.(Luke 1:37) Please provide me with a breakthrough God ... 
Please pray for the peace of my family... 
In Jesus name Father God forgive us for our sins, bless us, keep us and heal us. Make your face... 
Thank you Jesus for prayer and all your prayer warriors. Remove and forgive us for all of our s... 
Pray apt 1 leave apt 3 be... 
Father in Heaven, Your Name be Honored, Your Kingdom Come, Your Will be Done on Earth as in Hea... 
Luis fixes the truck easily he can disconnect the vent line easily now... 
Pray better singnal on cell... 
Pray Sara in pain... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Wish it stop rain n pray warmer temperatures n sun... 
Please watch over and guide my husband and son today as they are going to work. Please watch ov... 
I Pray this Morning that God gifts me with a wonderful loving husband. I want to be married and... 
Please Jesus heal and help my mom
please fix her body
please give her the strength and energy s... 
Please God help our finances
please give us the money we need, every week
please let us at leas... 
Father please bless my mum with long healthy life and bring Godly wives to Farhan and Christian... 
Jesus please help me to study today.... 
Thank God for all He has blessed me with and for the sacrifice He made for all of us. Please pr... 
I emailed my wife a letter. Please pray that she received it with love and an open heart and mi... 
Prayers for certain finances to come today . Ha-Adonai please help us in our needs in Yeshua na... 
I would like to complete fully the funds to get my surgery done this year along with a purchase... 
Good Morning Heavenly Father please help our customers in any way as we need their help also ..... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With you I can cope. I tha... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Z up to you i... 
Dear Heavenly Father, Thank you for this day. I pray that no weapons formed against shall prosp... 
After Obama care I can't find full time work.  NOONE will hire full time.  Like a broken record... 
Lord let his family see the truth that he lied and that I was not at fault as he said to them a... 
Please pray for a friend who ministers much to many in need. Please pray for much grace, wisdom... 
Please pray that Waldy, Felix, Augustin, Jose Luis, Maria, and all staff from Bahia Principe Sa... 
Helllo:

Sister has interview on Monday please pray that she will be successful in getting the ... 
Lord I feel so confused in life. I pray God for a great day today. I also pray my stomach doesn... 
Lord Jesus cover my son Brandon Jones in your blood and release him safely from confinement. Bl... 
I'm praying for all. I pray for all mothers every where to have a the best Mothers Day ever. Ha... 
please pray for me and my family today as we go on a long trail ride on our horses , please pra... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
Father please bless me to lose 10 pounds asap and bless my metabolism, heal it in Jesus name am... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Jesus,
We know that anything is possible with you. You know that my lovely friend has struggled... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Brethren please agree with me that any forces that have been fighting my destiny, marriage, chi... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
Firstly, please Gid forgive me for all of my sins and help me to follow the life you have plann... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray for my unbelieving mother! She says Petranka. In a terri... 
Hi all, I am asking for great prayer in healing and restoration of my wife, her hardened heart ... 
My wife Monica and I Jeremy are newly weds but currently in different countries. We are separat... 
A visit me of a boy in a wheelchair. The boy says Toshko. Pray that the Lord greatly blessed my... 
God,please,please heal me!IJNIP... 
Lord, bless Peter with a job. You know that he is out of a job for a long time now. Be with him... 
Lord I ask you that you bless Rahel and that she gets back her strength in body and mind. Lead ... 
Lord, I ask you for a job that is creative and that I will enjoy and be able to cope with. I al... 
Lord I ask you to bless Angella with a job that she enjoys. Open up a door for her and let her ... 
Lord I ask you for Christian to get a place for traineeship. Open up doors for him and let his ... 
I have quite wrong attitude and behavior. Focusing on the problems and forget gratitude and joy... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Let us pray, the Lord greatly strengthen and bless the friendship between me and Pastor Jimmy. ... 
Lord almighty, please wholeheartedly for the full manifestation of the Holy Spirit in my life -... 
Please help me God and build me to be forever a man of prayer, faith, the Word and the Spirit, ... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband by mutual love in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
Father please bless me to lose 10 pounds asap and bless my metabolism, heal it in Jesus name am... 
Please pray for me I had to have emergency knee surgery on Wednesday been having problems with ... 
I have a different sleep schedule from the rest of the world. Please agree with me for deep sle... 
Father God, I pray for V to come to know YOU as his Lord and Saviour.  I pray for You to come ... 
Dear God, I pray and declare that I will get more scholarships and financial aid to Bethel Univ... 
In the name of Jesus I pray to not get in serious trouble without pain and trouble.
In the name... 
Father God, I have no idea how V thinks.  Thank you for blessing me with YOUR Word, love, peo... 
Help me to forgive, heal from my ex spouse &amp; his family and find a life long spouse who loves c... 
Jesus! We truly need You! Lord, come and save us! You are our salvation! Lord, we need more of ... 
I ask for Grace to find houses that are solar viable that want to save money for electric and h... 
Luis fixes the truck easily no more complications now he takes kids in morning to visit and us ... 
I get great sleep Tonight and no nightmares... 
Lord, i pray to love and trust you more. In crease my faith. Lord, give me self-worth to love a... 
My son Joel appears to have strep throat. Please pray my wife and other two sons do not get it ... 
I know that Thy will shall be done and it is how it has been working since my day one. When I a... 
Father, protect my family today in heart, body and soul. I pray salvation of my children, may t... 
That the relationship of my husband with that women to be finished... Over forever and him to f... 
That the relationship of my husband with that women to be finished... Over forever and him to f... 
A prayer request that my husband to see what he is doing. To feel guilty for his sin and to und... 
Please pray for my grandfather he has to go back to the heart doctor for a checkup next month a... 
I am a very young man and I use to have dreams but now it seems as if they are all shattered or... 
Prayer request for my husband... 
He is cheating me and is telling me things that are killing m... 
Please God I have a peaceful sleep and good rest. I also pray for Rocky lord he is so tired all... 
I request prayer that I am rescued from this horrible pit that I am entangled in even if it mea... 
Im feeling like my old self
im usually funny in a way and have a good time
i was just thinking ... 
please pray that God watches over me and blesses me with wisdom and perseverence during my fina... 
I just swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills I pray that it works quickly.... 
Lord please help me, tell me what to do, how to reach I.G. heart, teach me what to do, how to b... 
I can't help but cry. It's Friday and I feel extremely lonely and depressed. I wish I have some... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
Please pray for family quarrel to stop and a change of mind for my husband.  He and his mother... 
Please pray that God heals my knee injury. I believe God wants me to live an active life and my... 
For open doors for sooner appointment for my fiance with the pain doctor. There is a small chan... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With you I can cope. I tha... 
I lost my passport, z 2815687 in kuwait. Kindly pray for me to get my passport back.... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With you I can cope. I tha... 
Praise Jesus! Lord, the anniversary of Pentecost is soon! Lord, remember this generation and le... 
Amrn... 
With this baby and holding it together all weekend is hard. Amen... 
Lord deliver him from sin and death 
Break every chain 
Remove every mountain 
Bless every bone... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift E.A. and K.M.... 
At wrk, my professionalism has left me since i nvr get too socialize, so tired of being threate... 
I pray for good news from my doctor on tuesday and I pray the appointment schedule will not con... 
Lord please help me I am beyond exhausted and I have so much to do and this is Mother's Day wee... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
I continue to need prayer support from my fellow Christians. One of my enemies lied in court an... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favored w... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift J.H., B.O., a... 
Lord please help me I am beyond exhausted and I have so much to do and this is Mother's Day wee... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift D.W., W.W., a... 
I'm waiting for a very important grade to post and I'm getting nervous.  I have been strugglin... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift M.W., A.H., a... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Q.W. and B.W.... 
Heavenly Father of our Salvation Jesus Christ. I thank you for everything. Please be with my Ad... 
Please continue to pray for my niece she will be going to the doctors on Tuesday. Please will y... 
Pray no unwanted visitors or guess... 
I need Prayer for my friend brian.. He is so confused right now.. He was seeking another Job be... 
I'm very sad, stressed out, unhappy, depressed help me.... 
Lord I ask you to please deliver her today from alcohol, heal her health and mind, consume her ... 
Pray for me to win this case. Today I sent some very important paperwork via fax pray that the ... 
Pray strongly as we speak things are getting worst. He needs to leave this unhealthy relationsh... 
Prayer request for my friend's court to go well. My friend doesn't want to go to jail.... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Hello friends I am coming to you seeking agreement in prayer I believe in the power of prayer I... 
Lord bring healing into my life every area finances prayers answered favor blessings. I recieve... 
Sweet Jesus I continue to lift up to You Don, Judy, Regretfully, Rick, Lovereturns, Jesusluvs, ... 
Please wholeheartedly! Support me with your prayers! Only a miracle of Jesus can help me! Pray ... 
Pray that the Lord will support me financially wondrous ways! Pray that the Lord will use every... 
Dear God intercessors let us ask the Lord God greatly bless and strengthen friendship between m... 
I have problems with gas and discomfort in the stomach and intestines! Pray for fully healed! I... 
I keep very improper to women! Pray that the Lord will change that! Pray change to be permanent... 
I have a pain in my heart because of the many years of being a Christian and still falter when ... 
Dear Lord, i thank you and praise your Holy Name. Thank you that you reign over my situation. P... 
Thank you, God for blessing me with my beautiful children, and blessing me with the time spent ... 
This is my second attempt to pass pharamocology exam. I need to get 60% to pass the exam. I did... 
I experience many temptations with women! Lord make me able and faithful to overpower them for ... 
jim will in jesus name ask to marry me soon this year cant wait to ask me wants to be with me o... 
my beauty appearance is blessed very very best ever in every way now totally stunning flourishe... 
please please pray I declare in jesus name there is mighty incredibly extreme breakthroughs wit... 
I desperately need motivation to study. Please pray for me that I will be able to complete an R... 
in jesus name the particular new foundations new tinted mostruiers new bb creams new bronzers c... 
Pray be done God's work and God's will in the relationship between me and Кristiana!... 
Pray that the Lord will bless me with a decent extra income to permanent! Pray the Lord to make... 
I need a lot of your prayer support! Years of fighting,make fast and pray with - lust, carnal p... 
I desperately need motivation to study. Please pray for me that I will be able to complete an R... 
I met with Kristiana! Prayers work! To thank the Lord and glorify him! Pray that the Lord with ... 
Prayer for Valeria! Valeria needs healing of the eyes. Let us pray for complete healing!  Let ... 
Pray for me to be silent before you, and everybody out there knowing when and how to keep silen... 
We just started being friends she is Christian like me. We have great discussion about God the ... 
Pray all lusts and passions in me against women to be forever tied in the name of Jesus! Pray a... 
great mighty incredibly financial blessing wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me ov... 
I have to do 1 presentation next week. I have 2 papers due next week. Please pray for me that G... 
I'm in big trouble! I have to do a huge amount of exchange projects for a short time! I see no ... 
I declre every single one of my prayers I have said for jim are all all answered now now in jes... 
Pray to know the Lord! After so many years as a Christian I understand that I know very little ... 
Pray that the Lord will heal completely my teeth! I really need!... 
me and j will get back together now as couple very quickly speedly now without dealt there will... 
Pray that the Lord will bless my life very romantic and special moments and experiences! I drea... 
please pray jim cant live without me my love is aching for me cant stand being apart from me an... 
My spiritual life is very unkempt and I walked away from the Lord! My heart is grieved to death... 
Pray that he stop talking to 2 women they are bad for him they both want to be with him they ar... 
Pray for my mother. Pray for her to be healthy, pray that she has good health. Pray for her to ... 
My hair have been short all my life. I have been depressed all my life because I never saw my h... 
It's been over 2 years and I still don't have my drivers license. I don't know what is going on... 
GOD HEAL ME PLEASE!!! IJNIP... 
I was unable to work this semester because I took many courses. I'm almost done with school pra... 
Pray for my skin and face to be healthy, free from acne, blemishes, marks. Pray that I have a v... 
Things are out of control at my apartment. I got so busy with school and school papers presenta... 
My husband is ill and depressed. He has lost a great deal of money and has lost hope. Please pr... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favor... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
I pray that you help me to overcome my fear of employment and my state of social awkwardness. S... 
Father, teach me to live in Your ways. Help me to always treat others with love and respect, w... 
Please pray and ask the lord to save and set my sister free today from all addiction, bondages ... 
Please pray that I will get medicaid at least temporarily. My income level is very low now and ... 
I AM IN NEED OF A FULL-TIME EMPLOYMENT / JOB SO THAT I CAN PAY MY APARTMENT RENT AND OTHER BILL... 
Please pray with me to God for a breakthrough in my personal life this weekend. Please lift up ... 
God, please bless me to have more selfcontrol. Please teach me and make me to trust You and obe... 
Please ask God to prevent all interferences from other people, between Brian and I. And for God... 
I have big problems with pornography wishes of people of the opposite sex and similar problems!... 
Pray that God will protect and bless my health!... 
I have a great need for prayer support! Pray that the Lord will heal me in spirit, soul and bod... 
Pray the Lord to give me a full and compelling victory of all troubles, needs and struggles in ... 
Pray for me! Lord build me never to worry and fear for my needs and problems. Pray that the Lor... 
Pray for Tisho! Perfect God's will to be done in every area of his life and to learn God's ways... 
I pray for an old friend of mine, DeAndra. I miss her each day, not a day goes that I don't thi... 
Pray that the Lord will forgive me for hypocrisy and scoffing and slander! Pray that the Lord w... 
Lord grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Give me the courage to change ... 
Driving With My Babies AM Tired And Have A Long Way...Please Pray No Harm Comes To Us Bless You... 
Pray for Siljan. Siljan is a new Christian. Pray that the Lord spoke to him and to bring it clo... 
Praying Bill gets to keep his temporary job, lay offs are rumored.  In desperate need of job se... 
thanks forso ju your prayers for my son delvin this morning he did get home safely, but he didn... 
Lord, please allow for a restful, peaceful and loving weekend.
I pray these things in Your name... 
Please could you pray for a dear friend of mine, Lindsay.
 
She was SUCH a strong Christian, b... 
Father I pray you will answer all prayers on this site.I stand in agreement for all prayers,tho... 
Please pray that my family all come together as one &amp; we all make peace. Please pray through go... 
For with God nothing shall be impossible.(Luke 1:37) Please provide me with a breakthrough God ... 
In the name of Jesus I pray to be safe and protected without pain and trouble.
In the name of J... 
Dear God, I pray to you in the name of Jesus. Please Bless my family with your Divine Intervent... 
Father, I thank You for all You have done for me this year. Lord, I thank You for Your love and... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from loneliness. Let us pray, the Lo... 
Thank you lord for everything that you have done for me . Thank you for peace on my job and tha... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
Father please bless my mum with long healthy life and bring Godly wives to Farhan and Christian... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank you for this day. I pray that no weapons formed against shall pros... 
Please pray u have money in bank I have had lot if dr bills with and got three more next week w... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Please God I pray for a great day with Rocky and his family. I also pray I and able to get a go... 
Prayer Activity

Thank you for your prayers.! Keep my son M and his family safe and hea... 
Healing in my finances rebuke the devourer from my life.from my bank, from my marriage, from my... 
I asked for Grace to find houses that are solar viable that want to save money for electric and... 
I pray to You Lord God because I know that in the day that You answer me, no one will be able t... 
I just want to thank everyone that pray for me. I ended up passing my GED test, and my step-dad... 
Lord I am at work and really need to leave, please let me be able to do so soon and not get in ... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift A.W. and myse... 
Sweet Jesus I continue to lift up to You Don, Judy, Regretfully, Rick, Lovereturns, Jesusluvs, ... 
Great I Am bless Your Holy Name forever. Jesus thank You for everything and please forgive my s... 
I love you Eddie. FATHER GOD OPEN HIS EYES TO SEE WHAT I SEE IN JESUS NAME. I pray that God is ... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Father God,
Please be with Z. Let him have hope and faith in you. With you he can cope. I thank... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
Heavenly father, the lord of Abraham, Jacob and Isaac thank you for the precious gift of life a... 
Lord, I lift up my needs to You and submit it all. I pray for Your Help from Above. Guidance. P... 
Jesus let us keep our eyes ever fixed on You, help us be ready and accounted worthy for when Yo... 
I'm sorry I won't be on very long. I will try to come back later and pray longer. I had to go o... 
For with God nothing shall be impossible.
                                  Luke 1:37

Requesti... 
THANK YOU FATHER FOR SENDING ME EVERYDAY WEALTH,PEACE AND HAPPINESS 
HONOR AND GLORY IS YOURS 1... 
Lord please help me get my kitchen table picked up paid off easily.check found or voided.remove... 
Amen... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Father please bless me to lose 10 pounds asap and bless my metabolism, heal it in Jesus name am... 
Please ask God to allow for Brian and I to communicate without hesitation in this relationship,... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
My son Rudy 21 suffers from severe anxiety and agoraphobia. In Jesus name,
Rudy, "does not have... 
Lord, I am in a financial bind right now and I am praying you help me. My bills are always more... 
Please pray for the salvation of Alex. That God would completely deliver him from the bondages ... 
As I leave work for the weekend, please assist in making it a good Friday evening and weekend. ... 
I am not sure if this is how you do it - But I wanted to thank everyone that prayed with me and... 
I am redeemed from the midday curse and I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2... 
Heavenly Father, I do not know what is going on with him today, but you do. Please help him in ... 
lord be with me during my time that I feel lost. Uncertain. Lead me back to the truth.... 
Father, keep safe my family in heart, spirit, body &amp; soul today.Renew my children's minds and h... 
Heavenly Father, please help my sister to stop have the pains she is having. Please help her to... 
Dear brothers and sisters. Thank you all for your prayer postings here today. I pray our precio... 
two unspoken requests, please.... 
Pray lord take away Sara pain n Elizabeth... 
God, relieve stress and dysfunction at work. I pray reveal the job of Your will for me. God, I ... 
Please lord keep my daughter calm n stop crying n stop getting upset over nothing... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Let us pray everything God has given me through, revelations, sermons, visions, books, situatio... 
My hope is only in God's mercy! Let us pray, the Lord to strengthen me and blessed me financial... 
Please, let us agree in prayer:
1 Lord to build and strengthen me, to be the leader and the emp... 
God, I am very grateful for all the blessings in my life. I just really need a breakthrough tho... 
Let us pray, the Lord to build and strengthen me so: in prayer to pray exactly what God wants t... 
Father i am going to ask you to get my customers to pay me as i need to pay my rent.Please help... 
Forgive me Father for not coming to you in prayer. For turning to you always as a last resort .... 
Emergency prayer, my heart has been in afib and I have a low ejection fraction and a high bnp, ... 
I have to take my last exam today but not feeling too well. Father, I thank You for this day th... 
I pray I stop being so bloated... 
Pray for light not dark... 
...He put a new song in my mouth, a song of praise to our God. Many will see and fear, and put ... 
Be confident that, whatever you encounter, Christ is with you. He promised: “I will never lea... 
All the things or problems we face in this life are nothing compared to what Christ did for us.... 
Pray when art van coming over no problem with apt 1... 
Rumors are spreading of possible lay offs. May he keeps his job and soon become permanent posit... 
I fell in love with Alan Stewart.   Please bring him closer to me so we can continue a strong a... 
PLEASE PLEASE ALL PRAY IN JESUS NAME EVERY MARK BLEMISH RED VIEN LINE WRINKLE ALL EVERY SKIN PR... 
Luis knows Joanna is of God and he is in full repentance for taking her for granted and not bel... 
Luis knows it was wrong to ever put Stacey before Joanna his Godly wife he is abhorred repelled... 
Luis knows all the devastation his own mother and her cohorts did to his marriage with Joanna. ... 
please pray for my son who is getting involved with a  women who is a good deal older than him ... 
Maria her cohorts Luis April there family followers know all.the devastation they did to Joanna... 
My Husband God has planned for me now in my life. Every mountain holding him back from me in th... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and with my husband God has planned for me now... 
Exodus 13:21; Psalms 5:11; 40:11; 140:4
In Jesus' Name, I Pray God's Will for You Today
May God... 
"I knew you before I formed you in your mother's womb. Before you were born I set you apart an... 
A miracle a nice place i can afford washer dryer hook ups yard for the dog accepts the dog, dis... 
I get into schooling fast and.easy now. I get into all student programs that are best now. I kn... 
Lord please open up heaven fast and easy I get something free or cheap for April and my Mom for... 
I get my kitchen table and chairs easily I pick them up and get help from who God wants now... 
Bring the rain Lord we need it in California no more drought. Open up new doors that the state ... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Pray that the pain in my throat and neck heal. Please don't let this turn into something worse.... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favored w... 
Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about... 
JESUS YOU ARE OUR Dayspring Release More Light Into Maria her cohorts family April Luis there f... 
Please pray for me and my family.... 
Pray no more rain or storms... 
PLEASE PRAY LOTS LOTS MORE KEEPS COMING TO ME FLOWING TO ME ABUNADNTLY NOW ALL THE TIME MEN GIV... 
Pam her husband and I have showers of blessings. Shawn moves down here with us and gets a great... 
jim will ask to marry me soon this year cant wait to ask me is deeply incredibly in love with m... 
PLEASE ALL PRAY MY FINANCES ARE BLESSED ENLARGES AABUNDANTLY NOW EVERY DAY MY BANK BALANCES IS ... 
please pray me and j will get back together as couple now very quickly speedly now without deal... 
In jesus name there Is power I declare mighty abundant breakthroughs in this right now I declar... 
I declare there are now now abundant incredible extreme breacthroughs with every single part of... 
My right eye feels like I got some thing in it.I was trying to get a little kitten crying out f... 
there will be no more waiting no more delays I declaer all of my deepest prayer request desires... 
Heavenly Father, I ask in Jesus name for a new, enjoyable, and less physically demanding full-t... 
lord please send wonderful great friends into my life right now abundantly enalreg my friends a... 
I declare every single prayer I have said for jim is ansered now in jesus name I will be totall... 
I declare every single part of jim is healed now he is healed from head to toe in body mind emo... 
My blood sugar's too high today and I feel weird. Please pray I'm able to bring it down gently ... 
I declare in jesus name saj will get me the cream leather dress I really like Monday his friend... 
I am healed healed permnatly in jesus name now from all pmt all weakness all skin problems blem... 
every single fear jim has about being with me communicating with me fully committing to me are ... 
PLEASE PLEASE ALL PRAY ALL RED VIENS MARKS BLEMISHES ALL SKIN PROBLEMS WRINKLES LINES ON MY FAC... 
MY YOUTHIS RENEWED RESTORED IN EVERY SINGLE PART OF ME NOW I LOOK 15 YEARS YOUNGER BUT  I REALL... 
Please pray for me to keep my strength and wait on God. My husband is laid off and all the bill... 
'Today, I choose to be a woman who is tender, kind, refined, good, pure, virtuous, and who has ... 
Pray that if it's God will to further d in music, God will ignite this passion and necessary op... 
Saints, please agree with me in prayer for my husband to act, think, speak to me in more caring... 
He has many women and he uses them for a place to stay for a place to put his clothes and belon... 
Pray for them to be pain free no body pains.... 
Pray for my grandpa. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he lives long. I have not seen him i... 
Pray for me that meet serious business Associates very soon. I am working on some very importan... 
Pray for the people of Nepal. Pray that God gives them strength during this difficult time. Pra... 
They are checking me I still have discomfort in my private part. Pray that they find out what i... 
Thanks  to all  who joined in prayer  for our Lord  to heal  Ann and Bob Sanders. Thank  the Lo... 
My mom's arterial doppler scan results showed no blockages. However, she does have reflux in he... 
Prayers please for sister in Christ Sammie .  My wife for 45 yerars, excellent mother, kind fri... 
Dear Heavenly Father I pray to you in the name of Jesus. Please Bless my Family with your Divin... 
Father I thank You that even though I had to sleep in a place that was not so safe (on the surf... 
Lord Jesus Christ, please bless myself and J at our jobs today. Let us have good days at work, ... 
Dear God I do not take forgranted what I have in this life. I know I would not be here without ... 
pray for my son delvin this morning he has a doctor appointment this morning at 11:30 am. pray ... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Please pray that some of my wholesale deals I have in the works will actually end up in a finan... 
I give God all the praise and glory for the beautiful and much needed rain.  I ask God to bles... 
Please Lord Jesus Continue To Help My Situations. Let Their Be No Problems. In Jesus Name We Pr... 
I read the bible and pray and things just keep getting even worse than before. Help me God, ple... 
Two hours with my mom n she wint let me go and will not stop screaming this morning, idk whats ... 
Lord please heal in restoring my relationship with Papo.  Lord please let you be the intervene... 
Please pray for those who have not received salvation and do not know the Lord,... 
Please pray for my family and I, we are a family of 4, myself, my husband our 15 year old son a... 
I have a different sleep schedule from the rest of the world. Please agree with me for deep sle... 
'Trust in the Lord with all your heart; and lean not on your own understanding, in all thy ways... 
Hello friends I am still praying for tonya and myself  and  for  God to  open  doors for tonya ... 
the call will come today.  No more waiting just the best blesing.... 
Everyone please pray that my gf passes her test today. She is in med school and would really ap... 
My wife Patty Ann and me, Joel, got remarried in January 2014. She is drinking and seeing anoth... 
Wish it Cear up... 
Everyone please pray that my gf passes her test today. She is in med school and would really ap... 
Prayer of Surrender...
Heavenly Father...We come before you today, just as we are. We give
you ... 
Please pray I get my driver's permit in God's timing.... 
HEAVENLY FATHER I ASK TODAY AND EVERYDAY FOR BLESSINGS AND MIRACLES IN ALL AREA'S OF MY LIFE TH... 
PLEASE ALL STAND IN AGREEMENT TO DEFEAT THIS CANCER IN CHUCK PRICES SISTER HER FRIENDS AND MY M... 
MY CIRCULATION IS HEALED HEALD NOW IN JESUS NAME NO MORE FEELING BEING COLD IN JESUS NAME... 
Preys sum come outside... 
Lord please lift my husband up and fill his hert with joy  Please Lord grant him with his visa ... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters, could you please uplift my unspoken prayer request, regarding the ar... 
Lord I ask that you will be with my sister she is angry inside because of her mother destroying... 
LORD BLESS THIS DINNER I AM COOKING TO NIGHT FOR FRIENDS BLESS ME TO CCOK IT GREAT BLESS IT TO ... 
I declare in jesus name j has now permantly given up his job working away now will never go bac... 
complete healing in every part of me now in jesus name... 
I declare mighty abundantly incredibly breakthroughs with all my deepest prayer request desires... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
Lord almighty, you know our situation, we need jobs,that will provide for all of my husband and... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
Lord God remove any spiritual strongholds that are in my life especially those I can not see. L... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
Lord thank you for my childhood friend David. He is a very kind, caring and generous person tha... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
please please all pray in jesus name I declare every single time I get my photograph taken with... 
Father God,
Today is my birthday. Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With... 
Lord God I pray that my ex mother in law receives my letter and reads it with an open mind and ... 
lots lots lots more hair on my whole head abundantly right now very quickly in jesus name all s... 
lord thank you for money I have in jesus name I declare my fiances enlarges incredibly abundant... 
every red vien mark blemishes all skin problems wrinkle lines on my whole face be gone in jesus... 
father God I pray for all moms all aound this plamet and for those who need healing in their bo... 
in jesus name there is power I declare in jesus name every single make up brand company every o... 
Good Morning Father, thank you for this day, thank you for what you have done, thank you for wh... 
every one of jims fears towards me about me abiut communicating fully committing to me opening ... 
... 
please all pray in jesus name I declare j cant live without me my love cant stand being apart f... 
please all pray I declare jaz will get me the cream leather dress I really like from his friend... 
Father I pray that your loving spirit will bless me with a husband and a family. My heart desir... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Z up to you i... 
I need a financial miracle today. Bills are due today and I don't have the money. Lost my job o... 
Please pray that my landlords are brought to justice for the iniquities they have done to me. L... 
Please pray that my apartment application gets approved and that I can move into my own place a... 
Lord I pray for financial miracles today so that I can move to Canada. I'm ready to go now but ... 
Thank you God for helping me!... 
Lord I come to you so desperately. I really need your help financially today. Today I have bill... 
Pray it clear up n no bad storms... 
i ask for deep sleep to fall on me right away like when Jesus slept during the storm... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Hello,   I am asking for prayers for my daughters friend Josh,   he  had siezers from trying to... 
Dearest God!  Thank you for always taking time to listen to me and the many others while granti... 
Thank you lord for making me sad.
Thank you lord for giving no money at the time of want. Thank... 
Healing for my fiance's chronic pain and sleep issues.... 
For months now I have been worrying about everything and it is affecting me physically and ment... 
Pray no bad weather no serve weather... 
In Jesus name Father God forgive us for our sins, bless us, keep us and heal us. Make your face... 
Thank you Jesus for prayer and all your prayer warriors. Remove and forgive us for all of our s... 
Please pray for God's Almighty protection for Andrew and for Fred. May God bless their lives an... 
Praying God's will to be done in every facet of my life, every aspect of my work, and praising ... 
Please pray for the healing of rosacea and red eyelids, and the restoration of healthy skin, pe... 
Your prayers would be grealy appreciated for a prompt and positive outcome. May it all go well ... 
I pray that things in my life get better. I'm so tired of struggling, I just need a job and to ... 
my beauty appearance hygine in jesus name is blessed very very best ever in every way flourishe... 
in jesus name the particular new foundations new tinted mostruiers new bb creams bronzers cosme... 
I declare in jesus name every single prayer I have said about jim is answered now I declare the... 
great abundant financial blessings wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me now overwh... 
I'm having sinus problems this morning. I have taken a sinus pill, please pray it helps me. I h... 
Please pray for great peace of mind and deep sound restful sleep; I have been disappointed not ... 
May God grant me more work and His provision. Thanks for your prayers. Blessings in Jesus Name.... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Pray. My fever go away... 
Pray ft job... 
Let us pray, the Lord greatly strengthen and bless the friendship between me and Pastor Jimmy. ... 
I have quite wrong attitude and behavior. Focusing on the problems and forget gratitude and joy... 
Please help me God and build me to be forever a man of prayer, faith, the Word and the Spirit, ... 
May I please once again request your valuable prayers for Andre and for Frederic, for blessings... 
Lord almighty, please wholeheartedly for the full manifestation of the Holy Spirit in my life -... 
Dear Father God, would you please bend from Heaven to help us, in You great Mercy! Please wipe ... 
Pray all my mail is going to the post office... 
Please pray for me as I will be taking my AP United States History Exam in about 2 hours. I nee... 
Dear Abba Father Yehovah God, in Holy Name &amp; Blood of Jesus, we love bless and thank you Jesus ... 
Lord let me get a positive answer from the publisher. Your will shall happen.... 
May God heal the breach between DMA and me!! AMEN.... 
Dear Lord, I place before You these two dear friends: A and F. May Your blessings be upon them ... 
Oh Lord Almighty, please wipe my tears and soften his heart, so that he does not make me cry an... 
Lord you see Silv who is out of a job for such a long time. Lord let her get integrated again a... 
Father please give me sign that my healing for me and my family is coming soon, I don't know if... 
Father I pray you will answer all prayers on this site.I stand in agreement for all prayers,tho... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Father Please let my 3 sons grow up to live a long,healthy,happy,safe,drug free and God fearing... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Please pray if God's will my therapist can start coming out to me or I can get an at-home thera... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Lord I ask you for my sister. You see the problems they are facing. I ask you to intervene and ... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
My intestines are not working well. Lord I ask you to bring normality in it and take away this ... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray for my unbelieving mother! She says Petranka. In a terri... 
Please pray for Amorley, about whom I am concerned. May God bring him back safely and promptly.... 
Lord, bless Peter with a job. You know that he is out of a job for a long time now. Be with him... 
Please pray for God to bless Andrew and Fred greatly! May they and I find His guidance within t... 
I am waiting for exam results. Please pray for very good ones. Thanks be to God in advance.... 
Please pray for the right use, guidance and tolerance of my current treatment, and its near fut... 
I'm in pain I have nausea. I feel like vomiting. Help me please pray that my stomach stops hurt... 
Please pray for Andre's positive response on receiving my message! May he become more open and ... 
please pray for pet helper A., she hadn't enough money for pet food so she borrowed the necessa... 
Lord, today I just want to give you the Glory.  I thank you for life, I thank you for being the... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from loneliness. Let us pray, the Lo... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
The healing miracle I am imploring God to perform, is to mend my inner organs and balance my ho... 
Please contiue praying with for my son CW and all that's on my heart and in my spirit today ...... 
Please contiue praying with for my son CW and all that's on my heart and in my spirit today ...... 
Dear brethren, I intend to keep praying until my change comes. Please pray that God unites me w... 
Please pray for the relief from headache and neck pain.... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters, could you please uplift my unspoken prayer request, regarding the ar... 
Holy Spirit of God, the Lord Jesus Christ, I thank You that You were sent to us to be with us a... 
Please continue to pray for the complete healing of my digestive tract. For about 1year now it ... 
Father please bless my mum with long healthy life and bring Godly wives to Farhan and Christian... 
Father, thank you I can come to you and pour my heart out to you.  Thank you for being my Fathe... 
My Husband doesn't enjoy lust sexual sin he is repelled abhorred by ungodly soul ties holding h... 
Help Please Lord open up heaven fast JehovahJireh El Shaddai open up heaven fast and easy I get... 
Oh Lord, remind me to pray to You at all times. I miss you God... 
All ungodly unions soul ties entanglements keeping my husband from being married faithful to me... 
All ungodly unions in my husband's life keeping him from me are empty broken destroyed... 
Any ungodly unions soul ties entanglements Jezebel spirit lust exs evil doers bad influences ho... 
All powers of darkness holding back my husband marriage removed now permanently... 
Luis is brought to full repentance for giving up on his marriage his Godly wife Joanna now. Lui... 
Pray for me. Let us pray to the lord to deliver me from spirit of anger, any curses and illness... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone. I speak life into my prayers being answered... 
Luis Sees God's truth about how his own mother and her cohorts hurt his own marriage now... 
Luis April the kids know the truth God's truth how Maria her cohorts destroyed Luis and Joannas... 
Lord I ask you for my sister. You see the problems they are facing. I ask you to intervene and ... 
I'm so unhappy I dislike my life. Nothing makes me happy I tired of my life the unhappiness is ... 
Maria her cohorts know they destroyed Luis and Joannas marriage now with all there selfish pray... 
LUIS April AND THE Kids KNOW How Maria her cohorts her Joanna and destroyed Luis and Joannas ma... 
Luis cannot have ungodly unions soul ties entanglements he can only be grateful and love Joanna... 
Luis knows now he didn't appreciate Joanna when he had her now... 
Luis cannot sleep with a bunch of women ever again now... 
Senior Richard get his kidney transplant fast accepted and he gets permanent disability fast so... 
I get my marriage God has planned for me now. I get my loving faithful Husband clean and sober ... 
Heavenly Father,
Hear my voice dear Lord...
I need a financial breakthrough so desperately that... 
Luis is sorry he took Joanna for granted and persecution of her faith in God now... 
Please God give me the focus and intelligence needed to pass a big test I have coming up. Amen.... 
Luis is brought to full repentance for leaving God and Joanna there marriage for Stacey. Luis i... 
Please pray for me. I ask this in Jesus Precious and Holy Name. Amen.... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. Please pray for these folks. And “Praise God!” because... 
An unspoken request. God help.... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. We all know we should pray for one another. In fact, we sh... 
Luis Is Sorry FOR Taking Joanna for granted. Luis Sees God's truth fast and knows he was never ... 
Lord give me your wisdom and guidance show me what to do. Surround me with your Holy spirit and... 
Luis is sorry he took Joanna for granted now... 
Luis is sorry he Joanna for granted now... 
God, guard my children and me in heart, body and soul today. I ask salvation of my children on ... 
2 silent requests, please.... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone. I speak life into my prayers being answered i have ex... 
hi my names is Jesus Ernesto Aparicio born march 22 and im having really bad pains and cramping... 
hi my names is Jesus Ernesto Aparicio born march 22 and im having really bad pains and cramping... 
hi my names is Jesus Ernesto Aparicio born march 22 and im having really bad pains and cramping... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
Lord Where are you? Speak to me please. I'm desperate, frustrated, very broken and I wish you w... 
Lord help him to break the cycle of sin and death off of his life,
He's trying but lord can't u... 
I need to understand what it means to believe Jesus died and shed his blood to pay for my sins ... 
Lord Jesus let court go well......... Please help me............ 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. Please pray for these folks, their loved ones, and their f... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Dear Father want to thank you for your mercy glory kindness and also want to thank you for all ... 
Lord, please bless me by allowing me to be your emassary. I pray that you will give me enough m... 
Please God let me not be hurt by the person who reached out to me for help. I am so tired of be... 
Lord, if it's not opposed to Your will, please provide an Eastman.... 
Sexless marriage for over a decade. Verbally abusive husband for longer than that, who has no p... 
I apologize to God. 
My life has been hard lately and I didn't take it well. 
The Lord tries wi... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. Please pray for my mom, my dad, my son, my daughter, and m... 
Todah rabah - Thank you very much  for this prayer site that we are able to pay for one another... 
Lord I thank you for your steadfast provision and blessing in my life. Align me with your will ... 
Barukh attah Adonai Eloheinu melekh ha'olam,
asher natan lanu et derekh ha'yeshua'
ba'mashiach ... 
Blessed are You, LORD our God, King of the universe,
Who gave to us the way of salvation
throug... 
Dear Lord God, I thank you for your goodness and wisdom. I pray for my sinuses to feel normal, ... 
Of all the various berachot (blessings), this is one of the most important of all, since we com... 
my father went to his friends and his eyes mess up sometimes so help him get home in Jesus name... 
... 
In the name of Jesus I pray to be safe and protected without pain and trouble.
In the name of J... 
Jesus please help me to lose weight in Jesus Name amen thank You... 
please pray that God is with me these next few days as I take my exams! Please pray that he wil... 
Great I Am bless Your Holy Name forever. Jesus thank You for everything and please forgive my s... 
My dear Lord,
Give your mercy to send pak Suroso as my spouse. Amen... 
I give thanks for a new day of life for me and my loved ones, for our roof on our heads, food, ... 
Sweet Jesus I continue to lift up to You Don, Judy, Regretfully, Rick, Lovereturns, and Jesuslu... 
I am sorry Lord for not believing my husband perhaps he truly is ill...please let him stop"cryi... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Q.W. and B.W.... 
Please Lord help me get T's Olaf toy out of the tub drain.... 
I promised an update after all my scans and Dr. Appointments. My oncologist says there is no ac... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Begging for your prayers tomorrow. We need a miracle from heaven.  Only God can fix this.  My h... 
please stand in prayer wit h me on my job for peace, for everyone to get alone together better.... 
Dear Heavenly Father, Im asking for your help for my daughter to pass her exam for the nursing ... 

Dear Heavenly Father, I pray for my doctor's appointment tomorrow. I pray that I will be healed... 
Pray stop being forgetful m pray nothing wrromgr th me... 
Please help T's dermatology appt. to go well tomorrow. Please let them know what the rash it so... 
Healing Please :( Lord interviene now fast and easy help me strip all stress spiritual warfare ... 
Thank you for the offer. I have 2 very important prayer requests: 1. Our daughter Jammie Dennis... 
Prayy mom just leave it be... 
Too bad I don't get pd. for volunteers charity project... 
Please pray for a situation i need to take care of at work tomorrow works out well for all part... 
Pray fan be on Nathan room... 
Pray every one stop playing favorite at school... 
I badly need to lose weight for my health and I just have no energy or motivation to do it plus... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Please pray for something better to come along with another employer... 
Please also pray this is the year i get married. GOD says it is NOT good for man to be alone, a... 
I need prayers for a new job offer quickly. I have been constipated and miserable for weeks and... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from Evil attacks, any curses and il... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Dear Lord,
Please help Steve find a better job. Today was horrible for him.
Amen.... 
Lord I thank you for the provisions and blessing in my life.  You know Lord what is on my heart... 
Father God,
 
Thank you for this day. Father I am days away from that day. But please calm my ... 
Please pray for direction and clarity in my life. I'm so confused and feel so hopeless.... 
Lord Jesus I pray for God's perfect will to be done in this loved one. Comfort my pain in this.... 
Please help me I'm confused on choosing a topic for my presentation. Pray for me strongly that ... 
Lord I finally realized tonight that my husband has hypochondria and I cannot handle one more e... 
ii declare in jesus name j has now in jesus name left his job working away permantly now will n... 
any anger bitterness unforgiveness all fear jim has toward me remove it all now permnatly heal ... 
God please show me what to do about an RN program. I'm so confused and so behind. Holy Spirit p... 
in jesus name flood flood every single make up brand company in boots suoperdrug every make up ... 
jim loves me like no other in every single way now shows all his love to me abundantly with no ... 
Lord heal my friend in Jesus name Amen... 
Please pray for me. I've just finished final exams and I am very worried about my chemistry cla... 
My LORD, My GOD, I love You, I adore You, I worship You, I glorify You, I praise You, I bless Y... 
Heavenly Father, Draw my husband closer to Your heart &amp; I ask that You would finish the work Yo... 
I DECLARE THERE ARE NOW NOW ABUNADANT INCREDIBLY EXTREM BREAKTHROUGHS WITH EVERY PART OF J TWOA... 
My hope is only in God's mercy! Let us pray, the Lord to strengthen me and blessed me financial... 
ALL EVERY ONE OF MY BILLS ARE BLESSED VERY VERY LOW NOW WILL NEVER EVER BE HIGH EVER AGAIN I DE... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Please, let us agree in prayer:
1 Lord to build and strengthen me, to be the leader and the emp... 
Dear Lord, You have put miraculous work into each one of us. Help me live my life so that it m... 
Let us pray everything God has given me through, revelations, sermons, visions, books, situatio... 
Let us pray, the Lord to build and strengthen me so: in prayer to pray exactly what God wants t... 
Please ask God to guide me to people who want solar so I can keep my job. Thanks... 
I AM HEALED PERMNATLY FROM ALL OPPRESSION ALL DEPPRESSION ALL SUFFERING ALL PAIN SORROW SADNESS... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift A.W. and myse... 
ALL PAIN BE GONE COMPLETLY FROM MY WHOLE BODY RIGHT NOW IN JESUS NAME... 
"I am sent to announce to someone here that your cry in the night has been heard by God" 
Liste... 
Please pray for me that the response to the rfe my employer received will be approved along wit... 
no weapon formed against me will ever ever prosper ever in jesus name no evil will ever ever co... 
no wepon formed against my me and jm realshionship will ever prosper ever it is divinely protec... 
Everything that is NOT progress in your life, Out, Out in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. OUT.... 
my friends enalregs abundantly now lord please send wonderful great friends into my life now ab... 
I asked for Grace to find houses that are solar viable that want to save money for electric and... 
I am sent to announce to someone here that your cry in the night has been heard by God" 
Listen... 
lord melt mighty incredibly extremlyy every man women child heart towards me in every way now a... 
Dear Heavenly Father,

Please take away my hurt and pain and help us with the trust issues. The... 
shona my dentist will be a lot a lot nicer hepful with me in every way now fix all my teeth a l... 
Whether you like it or NOT, you will make it in Jesus name. 
That devil around you, is destroye... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
I declare in jesus name there is now abundantly incredibly extreme breackthroughs with all my p... 
Please pray for Allison Adams of Livonia Michigan. She is only 27 years old and suffers from a ... 
every single fear jim has about being with me communicating with me fully committing to me is a... 
Father I pray you will answer all prayers on this site.I stand in agreement for all prayers,tho... 
GOD HEAL ME FROM HEAD TO TOE,I AM IN SO MUCH PAIN, PLEASE! I WILL CHANGE I PROMISE, HEAL MY KID... 
I declare in jesus name jim will ask to marry me soon this year cant wait to ask me wants to be... 
no more staticness electricity itchy scalp cease permnatly now in jesus name... 
Father Please let my 3 sons grow up to live a long,healthy,happy,safe,drug free and God fearing... 
more more lots more hair on mywhole head abundantly quickly speedly now in jesus name... 
jim gets incredibly exited every time thinks me speak to me meet me see me with me every part o... 
Lord please provide where ive been sick make away for me to pay rent and my car payment amen... 
please please pray j in jesus name will never ever again in jesus name be controlling with me h... 
compelte healing in my whole body health rnow every part of me in every way now in jesus name l... 
please please all pray in jesus name every single controlling spirit is out of every part of j ... 
I am in jesus name incredibluy light blessing to every part of jim in every way he will never t... 
Pray that the Lord will have mercy and bless my bank account and this to be lasting!... 
no more lonleyness in jesus name me and j will now speedly quickly get back together as couple ... 
Let us pray, the Lord greatly strengthen and bless the friendship between me and Pastor Jimmy. ... 
THE REST OF THIS YEAR FOR ME WILL BE TOTALLY AMAZING WONDERFUL FOR  ME IN EVERY WAY NOW IN JESU... 
I have quite wrong attitude and behavior. Focusing on the problems and forget gratitude and joy... 
please please all pray I need your prayers on this I declare in jesus name every single time I ... 
Pray with me my little girl passes to the next grade level. My little spent the night with an o... 
Lord almighty, please wholeheartedly for the full manifestation of the Holy Spirit in my life -... 
Please help me God and build me to be forever a man of prayer, faith, the Word and the Spirit, ... 
I declare in jesus name my clothes are getting a lot a lot better better now in every way I hav... 
lord please bless me with great refreshing sleep every day bless me to wake up every morning re... 
lord forgive me for all things heal me lord deeply from all hurts all hurts bad memories expera... 
heal heal jim lord everywhere he needs healing now flood him with your healing now let him feel... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. There may be a situation at the office that I work out of ... 
lord thank you for your site thank you theer is great power in prayer that nothing is impossibl... 
Lord, 
I come to you and confess my sins and shortcomings. Something told me I would feel guilt... 
I have a very strong prayer request. I just found out my niece has Systemic Masticytosis.Which ... 
my deepest desires will right now be fifilled now the lord is doing thing faster than ever for ... 
I declare fifilment satisfaction success victory happiness incredibly joy love in every area pa... 
please pray in jesus name j cant live without me cant stand being apart from me any more any lo... 
great incredibly abundant financial blessing wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me ... 
Please pray for me knee to be healed! I have a knee injury that's made me frightened to run, ac... 
God please bless me with peace and happiness in my personal life. Please protect me from my nei... 
lord thank you for money I have in jesus name I declare my fiances bank balance enlarges incred... 
I DECALRE IN JESUS NAME MY GAS ELECTRICITY BILL IS BLESSED WILL BE ALOT ALOT LOWER THAN 50 POUN... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from loneliness. Let us pray, the Lo... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
I pray divine protection on every part of my realshionship with j in jesus name I cover it with... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
I am in jesus name incredibly light blessing to every part of jim he knows this feels this he w... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
I am thankful for each of you that prayed for my daughter taking her Math test this morning,she... 
in jesus name the rest of this year will be totally amazing for me in every way now in jesus na... 
I declare in jesus name I will now without dealy go many beautiful holidays abroad this year no... 
every single red vien mark all blemishes all wrinkles lines on my whole face skin are gone comp... 
By Faith I am making this request. The Lord God knows in Jesus name Amen... 
jim is so very very generous to me in every way now more ever all the time more more every day ... 
please pray in jesus name my beauty appearance hygiene is blessed very very best ever in every ... 
Thank you for your prayers.! Keep my son M and his family safe and healthy throughout the year.... 
National Prayer Day,please lift up our country to be healed and for us all to turn from sin ask... 
j is healed from all snoring permantly now will never snore ever again in jesus name... 
complete healing in my whole body health now in jesus name please all pray... 
HEAVENLY FATHER I ASK FOR BLESSINGS AND MIRACLES IN ALL AREAS OF MY LIFE.
THANK YOU LORD IN JES... 
I command in jesus name lots lots more hair on my whole head abundantky right now very speedly ... 
Prayer warriors  I have posted this prayer several times and had a lot of replies to it. I kno... 
please all pray in jesus name the particular new foundations new tinted mostruiers bb creams br... 
in jesus name there Is power every one of j fears towards me about cummunucatinng with me about... 
I declare there is now mighty abundantly incredible extreme breackthroughs with all my prayers ... 
jim believes in the lord jesus Christ now all unbelieve is out of every part of me now permantl... 
PLEASE ALL PRAY I DECALRE IN JESUS NAME I AM HEALED PERMANTLY FROM ALL PMY ALL DEPPRESSION ALL ... 
all my sadness sorrow loneliness turns right now to grat joy happiness fifilment abunadantly no... 
MY CIRCULAATION EVERPART OF ME IS HEALED VERY VERY HEALTHY NOW VERY STRONG VERY CALM REALAXED A... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Father God,
I pray that you will put a hedge of protection around my relationship with Z. I pra... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Same problem diff day,no one to pick her up because my family wld rther fight with me, im only ... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Z up to you i... 
Please help me in prayer that i will have the full rent.. as i only work on commission online a... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
please pray that I get A's on my final exams for the next two days. Please help me to feel bett... 
Pray God give good sleep and rest Pastor Peter. Pray for the full blessing in every area of his... 
Please Dear Heavenly Father help me come up with the money to cover my bills.  I just got anoth... 
In the name of Jesus I pray for my loved ones and I to be safe and protected without pain and t... 
For no matter how many promises God has made, they are "Yes" in Christ. And so through him the ... 
Pray for Siljan. Siljan is a new Christian. Pray that the Lord spoke to him and to bring it clo... 
Pray that the Lord will forgive me for hypocrisy and scoffing and slander! Pray that the Lord w... 
Pray for Tisho! Perfect God's will to be done in every area of his life and to learn God's ways... 
Pray for me! Lord build me never to worry and fear for my needs and problems. Pray that the Lor... 
Pray the Lord to give me a full and compelling victory of all troubles, needs and struggles in ... 
Pray that God will protect and bless my health!... 
I have big problems with pornography wishes of people of the opposite sex and similar problems!... 
Father God...you've just heard me cried my heart out...Today I have to go to a med appointment.... 
I have a great need for prayer support! Pray that the Lord will heal me in spirit, soul and bod... 
Pray for Bobby, Marty and Jivko! They have problems with drugs! Pray that the Lord will carry o... 
My spiritual life is very unkempt and I walked away from the Lord! My heart is grieved to death... 
Pray that the Lord will bless my life very romantic and special moments and experiences! I drea... 
Pray to know the Lord! After so many years as a Christian I understand that I know very little ... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Please pray for my family to find God and joyfully live their lives for him. Please pray for Be... 
Pray that the Lord will heal completely my teeth! I really need!... 
"Again, truly I tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything they ask for, it will... 
Please urgently pray for relief from skin allergic reaction caused by a new treatment. May the ... 
FATHER I COME TO YOU TO LAY THESE REQUEST AT YOUR FEET IN YOUR HOME SOON WILL BE WHERE I AM GOI... 
Please help me lord with the extra money I need on today and tomorrow and me and Kenneth to get... 
Please pray for my upcoming blood test to bring good results. Amen.... 
Heavenly Father, Please, please help my neighbors to NEVER get their kids a bunny EVER again fo... 
No depression for my mother, brother and me. In Jesus Name. Amen!... 
Lord, as Jabets prayed in the Scripture, I also want to ask you to bless us and enlarge my terr... 
Please pray for my husband Al to contact me....it has been a while since we have talked and I w... 
In Gmail. billionaire

 My I be Blessed to Bless. Please let the Power of My words Help over a ... 
Remove and destroy any he on me and Luis that has held us back now from each other... 
Remove any hex.selfish prayer holding me and Luis back blocking.us from each other and our bles... 
Lord move every mountain that causes Luis and I to fight. Father remove all the women he goes a... 
Lord, I ask for your assistance in bringing Alan and I back together this weekend.   The world ... 
Luis works on my car fixes it doesn't talk text see other women he is focused on helping me now... 
I'm in big trouble! I have to do a huge amount of exchange projects for a short time! I see no ... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favored w... 
Lord please send me the Husband you want for me now... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and my husband God has planned for me now... 
Luis can have favor for me only he doesn't have favor with ungodly unions soul ties other women... 
Healing Please in my life every area finances prayers answered favor blessings Husband marriage... 
please please all pray I declare mighty abundant incredible extreme breakthroughs with every si... 
please all pray for lots lots more hair on my whole head abundantly now speedly in jesus name... 
Prayer for Valeria! Valeria needs healing of the eyes. Let us pray for complete healing!  Let ... 
Pray all lusts and passions in me against women to be forever tied in the name of Jesus! Pray a... 
every single photograph taken of me with all every camera turns out of me always totally awesom... 
my relashionship with j is blessed protected renewed restored rekindald stronger higher deeper ... 
Lord help me get into schooling today fast and easy.move every mountain I get the best classes ... 
Please pray for DNA to feel rejuvenated after several years of widowhood. May he become able to... 
Oh Lord Almighty, please wipe my tears and soften his heart, so that he does not make me cry an... 
Heavenly Father, please help my sister to stop have the pains she is having. Please help her to... 
May God soothe irritated red eyelids, and restore sleep pattern, peace, joy, and energy.... 
I declare in jesus name every single one of jims fears towards me in ever way are gone permantl... 
Lord, please lift me up and give me some encouragement along the pathway! Please bless everyone... 
I ask for favor and direction to people who are already looking and considering saving money on... 
lord in jesus name remove every one of jims fears he has towards me in every way now permantly ... 
Please pray that God delivers me from this evil, protects me and gives me peace (Matt 6:9-13)... 
Father in Heaven, Your Name be Honored, Your Kingdom Come, Your Will be Done on Earth as in Hea... 
I need a lot of your prayer support! Years of fighting,make fast and pray with - lust, carnal p... 
I thank You God for this evening. God I pray that everything would go fine in my life.... 
Please pray for me and my family.... 
I met with Kristiana! Prayers work! To thank the Lord and glorify him! Pray that the Lord with ... 
Pray be done God's work and God's will in the relationship between me and Кristiana!... 
I experience many temptations with women! Lord make me able and faithful to overpower them for ... 
Pray that the Lord will bless me with a decent extra income to permanent! Pray the Lord to make... 
Lord I ask you to set my nephew free from his addictions. Turn his heart back to you.... 
please pray that tra always loves me and that he never leaves me. please pray that I get to see... 
I have problems with gas and discomfort in the stomach and intestines! Pray for fully healed! I... 
I keep very improper to women! Pray that the Lord will change that! Pray change to be permanent... 
Dear God intercessors let us ask the Lord God greatly bless and strengthen friendship between m... 
Please pray for my sister and the problems they are facing. Lord bring healing into their situa... 
I have a pain in my heart because of the many years of being a Christian and still falter when ... 
Pray all storms pass n clear up... 
Dear Lord please allow me to remove the emotional aspect of this situation. I want to continue ... 
Lord please intervene in my sisters home. You know the problems they are facing. I do pray for ... 
Pray that the Lord will support me financially wondrous ways! Pray that the Lord will use every... 
God please protect me from my neighbor downstairs who is trying to cause me harm. YOU know the ... 
Please pray for good quality communication and relationship to be restored between S and brothe... 
Dear Father God Almighty, please may You guide me to the right Christian husband, and may he be... 
Please pray for a swift and favorable outcome to the legal situation we are facing 
right now. ... 
Pray it clear up n no storms... 
I'm Doing A Lot Of Traveling Today,I'm Tired And I'm Scared And I'm Feeling Kind Of Lost Lately... 
I found my cat in the other persons yard under their deck 
im sad about this
a hole was bit in... 
Dear intercessors, Would you please pray for prompt, good, refreshing, reassuring news from A m... 
please please all pray I need your paryers in jesus name me and j will get back together as cou... 
MIGHTY MIGHTY INCREDIBLE ABUNADANT BREAKTHROUGHS RIGHT NOW WITH EVERY SINGLE PART OF J TOWARDS ... 
MY LORD MY GOD WILL NEVER FAIL ME MY LORD EXEEDS EXEEDS ALL MY EXPECTATION PRAYER REQUEST NOW A... 
Pray sunny days no cloudy days no bad storms... 
please please pray this is very important in jesus name I declare in jesus name every single ph... 
PLEASE ALL PRAY HAVING MY FRIENDS FOR DINNER TOMMORROW NIGHT LORD BLESS MY NIGHT TOMOOROW WITH ... 
in jesus name there Is power the particular ne foundations new tinted mostruiers new bb creams ... 
MIGHTY ABUNADNT BREACKTHROUGHS WITH ALL MY PRAYERS DESIRES RIGHT NOW IN JESUS NAME... 
in jesus name my beauty appearance is blessed blessed in every way very very best ever in every... 
healing complete healing in my whole body health now in jesus namess... 
permsnt healing from astma now I no longer need my inhaler in jesus name... 
May God grant me more students willing to learn before the exam sessions start...! Thanks be to... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
my faith hope peace joy happiness friends blessings finanaces bank balances make up foundations... 
lord please please send wonderful more friends into my life right now enlarge my friends lord n... 
I declare no more delays waiting I declare every one of my deepest prayer request desires are a... 
any fears blockess chains jim has about being with me communicating with me fully committing to... 
lord flood me overwhelm me now with all your love goodness favour blessings great financial ble... 
in jesus name there Is power I declare every single make up brand company every one in boots su... 
Lord I ask you to bring back physical strength to Rahel. I do ask you to bless her for her birt... 
I just done with an interview and it was tough I am hoping that I get offered the job because t... 
Lord I ask you to bring a trainee place for Christian so that he can go on in his education. I ... 
Father, surround "S" with Your protection in heard, mind, body &amp; soul. I pray Your Holy Spirit ... 
LOTS LOTS ,MORE HAIR ON MY WHOLE HEAD ABUNADNTLY RIGHT NOW SPEEDLY I COMMAND IN JESUS NAM EMY W... 
please all pray every mark blemish red vien wrinkle line tiredness dullness dryness all skin pr... 
please pray for me... I feel really depressed and scared. I ask that God would give me his peac... 
Lord I ask you to provide for a job for Angella. Help her through this difficult situation of u... 
please all pray j cant live without me cant stand being apart from me is aching for me is deepl... 
I declare in jesus name every single paryer I have prayed for jim is answered now I will be tot... 
God, I pray USA citizens come to a saving knowledge and relationship with Jesus Christ as Lord.... 
NO MORE SORE HEADS IN MY HEAD ALL SORE HEADS ARE GONE FROM ME PERMANTLY NOW IN JESUS NAME... 
Please God let me not be hurt by the person who reached out to me for help. I am so tired of be... 
great abundant financial blessings wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me now overwh... 
please please all pray I declare in jesus name there is mighty abundant incrdedible breakthroug... 
Lord, please let he hear positive news from the publishers. Your will shall be done.... 
Please pray for jakes and his friends salvation. Please pray for The LORD to give kyle wisdom a... 
Lord, I ask you for a job that is creative and that I will enjoy and be able to cope with. I al... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Please pray for my daughter Ginna K that she may know truth and come back to her Lord Jesus and... 
Please, let us agree in prayer:
1 Lord to build and strengthen me, to be the leader and the emp... 
Let us pray everything God has given me through, revelations, sermons, visions, books, situatio... 
I love you Eddie. FATHER GOD OPEN HIS EYES TO SEE WHAT I SEE IN JESUS NAME. I pray that God is ... 
2 silent requests, please.... 
Please Lord Jesus Continue To Help My Situations. Speak Peace To These Things Jesus. In Jesus N... 
Please pray for the salvation of Alex. That God would completely deliver him from the bondages ... 
Father i would like to own our own house .. someday soon . I would much rather pay my land taxe... 
Lord please help me, let I.G. talk to me, let he call me, I miss him so much, in Jesus name ame... 
Father please bless me to lose 10 pounds asap and bless my metabolism, heal it in Jesus name am... 
Lord thank you in Jesus name amen.... 
Lord You know my desire, You know how I love I.G., please help me, if it is possible for him to... 
My Heavenly Father please give me a husband in Jesus Christ's name amen.... 
Dear Lord, I pray that your Hand will be on AN wherever he is or goes. May he feel your loving ... 
Heavenly Father I ask you in the name of YESHUA that the attorney will finish my case and move ... 
Please continue to pray for AD, B, and C, as well as for S and F, for divine favor and directio... 
May A feel overwhelmed by joy and hope as on receiving this message! May he be grateful and spo... 
Pray my throat stop hurting n bother me... 
Pray it stay warm not cold no serve weather... 
Heavenly Father, Your Word says that there is no rest for the wicked. Lord, I ask that You woul... 
Father I pray today for that wonderful man that you will put in my life, the man that I will ca... 
Dear God I pray to you in the name of Jesus.
Please Bless my family with your Divine Interventi... 
Please pray for renewed blessings and complete healing for Bea, Sofia, Andy, Chris and Fred, fo... 
I have to do 1 presentation next week. I have 2 papers due. Please pray for me that God gives m... 
In Jesus name Father God forgive us for our sins, bless us, keep us and heal us. Make your face... 
AVINU give wisdom to know how to fix our car.. Please. Shish so many things at the same time.. ... 
The trying of our faith produces endurance... 
Pray for me that meet serious business Associates very soon. I am working on some very importan... 
Thank you Jesus for prayer and all your prayer warriors. Remove and forgive us for all of our s... 
Pray for my skin and face to be healthy, free from acne, blemishes, marks. Pray that I have a v... 
I was unable to work this semester because I took many courses. I'm almost done with school pra... 
Please pray our fundraiser today for a nonprofit for adults with disabilities to go supernatura... 
Help me I think about my ex sexually almost every day. I'm talking to him again right now . Pra... 
He has many women and he uses them for a place to stay for a place to put his clothes and belon... 
Lord Jesus, I asked for Your intervention in my daughter Christina's US Visa application. She h... 
Lord, I asked that You will restore the relationship that Max and I shared so that he will see ... 
Pray that he stop talking to 2 women they are bad for him they both want to be with him they ar... 
Pray for my father. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he has good health. Pray for him to b... 
Pray for me against jealousy around me especially at school. Many females look at me with evil ... 
Galatians 4:3-7
In Jesus' Name, I Pray God's Will for You Today
I pray you will understand that... 
Pray strongly as we speak things are getting worst. He needs to leave this unhealthy relationsh... 
Pray for me strongly please. Pray that God blesses my life my parents lives all who pray here f... 
Please lord take this depression I have... Lord let me become a better mother  to my children .... 
God please help me. After the news from my doctor on Monday I feel very more depressed. I did n... 
Thursday 5/7/2015
In him lie hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge.... 
Pray for my grandpa. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he lives long. I have not seen him i... 
God I do not take for granted all YOU have blessed me with, are blessing me with and will bless... 
Pray for the people of Nepal. Pray that God gives them strength during this difficult time. Pra... 
Pray for me to be silent before you, and everybody out there knowing when and how to keep silen... 
Dear Lord,
Please clear up T's face. We don't know what she touched and the antihistamine doesn... 
Things are out of control at my apartment. I got so busy with school and school papers presenta... 
Then if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face an... 
I woke up I have a strong stomachache. I think it's period pain. I'm still having pain and disc... 
Pray for my mother. Pray for her to be healthy, pray that she has good health. Pray for her to ... 
Please pray for us to have a fun, happy, relaxed, and safe day and trip. Thank you! In Jesus Na... 
Please pray for my result its going to be declared 15 this month I want to be an example in fro... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Pray for me today as I try to juggle my time between so many things.  Pray for me to keep my fo... 
Lord please answer our prayers of finding well qualified employees to help us in the company. P... 
Praying for God to bring a wonderful young man into my daughters life soon. Please let him love... 
Please pray for my husband and his brothers that they can make the right decisions of how to ha... 
Please pray that the sale of our realestate goes through.  We are struggling trying to make the... 
Can I rejoice over that! Hallelujah I am still his daughter and he has been listening. Amen may... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
Lord Jesus, please bless my family, my friends and all who pray here whit all needs. Jesus than... 
Please pray for my hard heart, that the Lord save me from falling, Thank you. Lord God keep my ... 
Please pray for me. Lord Jesus have mercy and strengthen me in Your way. Lead me to Your truth ... 
Need to get out of debt so I can start fresh. Need a miracle... 
My case Isaiah 43:26 put me in remebrance state your casr so you maybe aquitted Lord im done tr... 
Lord, I thank you in advance for what you're doing in my life.... 
Need a car please... urgent... 
I pray I don't go to jail for something I didn't do... 
My wife Patty Ann and me, Joel, got remarried in January 2014. She is drinking and seeing anoth... 
Please, pray my daughter Andrea does well on today's test. Lord be with her and give her the ne... 
Lord, I pray that my social security hearing will be successful. I have waited over a year to g... 
For sending helP yesterday, my dresses n shoes are missing now,i cant afford to replace them, w... 
Father, thank you I can come to you and pour my heart out to you.  Thank you for being my Fathe... 
today is the day!  The call will come today!  There is a match and the wait is over!   for you ... 
please pray for my son in college. He had a horrible first semester, and is on academic probati... 
My hope is only in God's mercy! Let us pray, the Lord to strengthen me and blessed me financial... 
Let us pray, the Lord greatly strengthen and bless the friendship between me and Pastor Jimmy. ... 
LORD i need to start adopting these kittens bring the parents .. THANK YOU ahead of time . in Y... 
I have quite wrong attitude and behavior. Focusing on the problems and forget gratitude and joy... 
Need the attorney to call me LORD i left her a message.. Please wake her up Father and help us ... 
Lord almighty, please wholeheartedly for the full manifestation of the Holy Spirit in my life -... 
I shall have the funds today for this master production art peaces.. in Yeshuas name amen... 
Please help me God and build me to be forever a man of prayer, faith, the Word and the Spirit, ... 
Thank you for another day. Please hear our petition with an open ear and give us what we need a... 
Dear Father, please help me to be liked, respected, and counted in especially in my family.  Pl... 
Pray apt 1 stop attacking me n leave us be at apt 3... 
I struggle with Pornography, as many teenage guys do. But I want it to be gone from my life. I ... 
Good Morning Father, thank you thank you thank you so much for this day. Thank you for what you... 
"So be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid and do not panic before them. For the Lord your ... 
Lord I beg that you remove the unbearable physical pain I have been expereincing for months. It... 
Lord God I pray that my ex mother in law receives my letter and reads it with an open mind and ... 
Lord thank you for my childhood friend David. He is a very kind, caring and generous person tha... 
Lord God release me from all my prisons, remove any spiritual strongholds that are in my life e... 
Jesus help Darrell!!!!!! He needs deliverance from a ouija board game. The demons from the game... 
Please pray that the pains after having been at the dentist go away. It might be from the injec... 
Jesus Christ of Nazareth, by your power please help my friend that was severely abandoned, thro... 
Pray my mom don't cause any problems with nanors... 
Thank you Lord for your love and protection. Please continue to watch over me. Have a lot of un... 
Please pray that I can get my first sign contract for my wholesale business. Please pray that G... 
Please Bless my relationship with Olivia. I'm scared of loosing here. Kindly pray for our relat... 
Glory to God!!!... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Move for me Jesus. Create in me s clean heart &amp; renew within me a right spirit. Lord grant me f... 
Thank you father God for blessing. Thanks for this job and the money you have provided me with.... 
Pray Nathan stay Forus n be a good boy... 
Pray it stay warm n no serve weather no bad storms... 
Pray ft job... 
Pray no more neg... 
Pray Mircle breakthrough... 
Lord I just want to thank you for being there for me always and everyone on this website that h... 
Please pray for Andre's positive response on receiving my greeting message! May he become more ... 
Pray I feel better dirahhra fever not well <SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE>... 
We need your prayers this morning. It appears the bully problem goes far beyond that. Hunter's ... 
Dear Heavenly Father, I  come before You requesting blessings for me and my family  Father, bl... 
Dear LORD, please convict and convince him that You hold the future into Your Hands, so we must... 
Father, thank you for being my Father, God, Saviour.  Father, thank you for V for all these yea... 
dear friends in christ,please prqy for me and my wife.my wife was out of work for 3 months when... 
I pray for all every where. I'm not sure everyone's request but God knows. Pray my children pas... 
i love you lord thank you for all you have ever done for me all your going to do I love you lor... 
My daughter is taking a Math test this morning starting at 7:30 she needs to pass this test for... 
National Day of Prayer     PLEASE PRAY OUR COUNTRY REPENTS AND THE LORD HEALS OUR LAND IN THE N... 
Hello!  I seek prayers so I afford to attend college. I need a breakthrough in my journey to re... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray for my unbelieving mother! She says Petranka. In a terri... 
Dear Lord-  I woke up feeing very positive today.  I know you will grant me great things today,... 
Please pray that my future husband realizes how much he needs God... and may he miss me! May ou... 
Please do pray for God to touch and bless Bea, Chris and Sofy with good health as well as Andre... 
May I be reassured about someone I care for, about whom I had a bad dream. May I hear from this... 
Please everyone pray that my cat comes home
he has been gone all yesterday to now
 
Please Jes... 
It is 3:12 A.M. and once again I can't sleep. I will have to go shopping for food even if I am ... 
Please pray that the Lord grants His Peace of mind, healing powerful touch and direction to Bea... 
May A feel uplifted and overwhelmed with joy and hope as he receives this message! May he be gr... 
Heavenly Father, I am here once again, praying and asking for guidance. Please help me find a g... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from loneliness. Let us pray, the Lo... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
thank you jesus you are here whit your holy spirit fire and power and see all prayer reguest he... 
Please pray that through God's Almighty healing power, I may be given the miraculous joy of con... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
I am desperate; I had a bad dream about a loved one. I tried to call this person and sent him a... 
Please pray my weak point(s) become strong one(s) as with God all things are possible!... 
My boyfriend's family was told untrue stories about me. Please pray that God opens his family's... 
Pray for me that God heals my body. I don't feel comfortable in my private part like I'm feelin... 
I declare in jesus name every single prayer I have said for jim is answered right now in jesus ... 
my beauty appearance is blessed blessed very very best ever in every way now totally stunning f... 
I declare in jesus name every single make up brand company every one in boots superrdrug every ... 
the blessing of the lord overtakes me in all area of my life now in jesus name... 
I pray for this pain to be fillful with happiness. I was told from doctors that due my health p... 
PLEASE PLEASE PRAY I NEED YOUR PRAYERS IN JESUS NAME EVERY BLEMISH MARK RED VIEN LINE WRINKLE A... 
LOTS LOTS LOTS MORE HAIR ON MY WHOLE HEAD ABUNADNTLY NOW LORD PLEASE MAKE THIS HAPPEN NOW IN JE... 
j love for me is renewed now rekindald now stronger higher deeper than ever before now growing ... 
any chain block fear jim has about being with me communicating with me fully committing to me i... 
lord flood flood me overwhelm me now with all you love goodness favour blessing provison great ... 
in jesus name there Is power the particular new foundations new tinted mostruisers bb creams co... 
I declare me and j will in jesus name get back together as couple now there will be no more dis... 
Sometimes I go to bed at 3 or 4 am.  So, I am always late for work.  
In addition, because of m... 
ALL PAINS IN MY LEGS BE HEALED RIGHT NOW GONE NOW IN JESUS NAME MY LEGS WILL NOT BE SORE ANY MO... 
I AM HEALED PERMANTLY FROM ASTMA NOW I NO LONGER NEED MY INHALER IN JESUS NAME... 
great abundant incredibly financial blessing wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me ... 
please please all pray I declare mighty incredibly extreme breakthroughs with every single part... 
Please pray that we can get thr funds we need to get us through this very hard time.  Please al... 
Please pray for my daughter.  She will be sitting her second Law paper tomorrow.  Pray for wisd... 
Please pray for a business that i am starting that it brings in great success.  I would love to... 
I pray for my dear friend nancy who has been diagnosed with blood cancer.  Please pray healing ... 
After the loss of a little one, and being still children in my late forties, children are a sen... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
I have great need of prayer! Lord to give me financial guidance, support and blessings! Let us ... 
I just recently got off the 'BATPHONE' with 'BATMAN' / A former member, and INDIAn resident. I ... 
Please pray for God to show me the truth, his full truth. I am massively confused on what he wa... 
Lord, guide, convict and help SJ today. Holy Spirit, lead SJ to walk in You and God's will in t... 
Father please bless my mum with long healthy life and bring Godly wives to Farhan and Christian... 
a silent request. God help us.... 
i ask for deep sleep right away in Jesus's name... 
i ask for deep sleep right away in Jesus's name... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters, could you please uplift my unspoken prayer request, regarding the ar... 
Thank You, Lord, for easing of anxieties. I pray continued renewal of my mind. Heal my heart, b... 
Holy Spirit, lead my children to godly friends. Place those who love of the Lord and His Word o... 
Pray Nathan feet stop hurting... 
I have heard that I could lose my job. Lord please protect me, give me the confidence and help ... 
Why every time it get warmer n it always rain or storms... 
Please pray for himAnd to be touched by this message. May he receive it with the same spirit it... 
need your prayers And some courage before the endeavor and action I am taking. Please pray for ... 
Dear God,thou art my heavenly father.Please bless me and my works.The works of healing thou hav... 
Dear God, Thou art my heavenly father and i am thy beloved child.My heart yearns for thy love.M... 
Lord how can you let him get away with all of this?... 
Dear God,i praise thee.Holy father of Jesus,thou art my only awesome god.And praise thee for th... 
Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God, that you died on the cross to rescue me from sin and d... 
Dear Father God, please show me how and when I ought to boldy and courageously take the step of... 
need healing over digestive and sleep troubles, as I am getting ready for a major step and appo... 
two silent requests, please.... 
Please pray for Bea, who is in pain and feeling really depressed. May the Lord uplift her both ... 
God, guard my family today, our hearts, bodies &amp; souls. I pray salvation of my children this da... 
Healing for my fiance's stomach.... 
My fiance and I are trying to get our cats acquainted with one another for the future when we a... 
Please pray for this dear person; may the love of God within him guide his thoughts, words, and... 
Please pray that the Lord will prepare and open the heart of the person have to contact. May th... 
May God reveal if this was a sign, dream or vision sent by Him or if it was not. I need to know... 
Please pray for this important message of mine not to be lost. May the recipient receive it and... 
Lord, please teach me how to be a good girlfriend, good godly wife in the future where I will h... 
Heavenly Father,
 
I pray for Your protection against the unclean spirit of jalousy ans envy,
... 
May God reveal if this was a sign, dream or vision sent by Him or if it was not. I need to know... 
Father...it's one day at a time...I trust YOU to fix my life, my health, my family, my relation... 
I woke up suddenly after a bad dream and am unsettled about it. Please pray for me and the pers... 
I sleep well tonight and I get into school tmrw easily and know what Career to go for easily no... 
n great need of an intervention from God in my life; please pray that I am able to develop my t... 
I know what to do about my pharmacy license now... 
My hair extensions stay in and my head doesn't itch anymore... 
I get into schooling fast and.easy now all mountains in the sea... 
Remove Any Hex.placed On MY Life THAT MY HUSBAND Cannot Stay WITH Me NOW... 
I have favor with Terry no back pay rent and no rent raised until next month... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and with my husband God has planned for me now... 
Luis can't hide women any longer.if he texts sees is being dishonest with a bunch of women and ... 
Hello...Lord...You know what I want and You know what is good for me.  Father, you know me so w... 
Lord reveal to my husband he ruined our marriage with Stacey and all ungodly unions he put in t... 
I can't do this anymore.just kILL me,i want to DIE.why God Can't hear me.may Be i don't know ho... 
Lord please come in my life. Lord draw meand Rathan closer to you. Bless us to marry this year.... 
I speak life into my prayers being answered for my husband and my marriage finances blessings n... 
I get a schedule with Senior Sharon and I get her house cleaned easily... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favored w... 
dear pos.pls pray for my sake as there is tension in my job like they told thy will make perman... 
I need a miracle .. After 33 years withy Ex-husband he divorced and want to marriage a lady May... 
Hi,my doctor told me that I have an underactive thyroid.It all explains why I am always so exha... 
Heavenly Father I pray for a good day at the office today and that we all the staff will work a... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. Matthew 18:19 tells us, “Again I say to you, if two of y... 
Lord Jesus JehovahJireh help Richard tomorrow get in permanent disability either through work o... 
Please pray that Alvin stops harassing me. Amen... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. In 1 Timothy 2:1-7 we are told, “First of all, then, I u... 
Please pray for my brothers and sisters who need work, and dental care. Thank you for praying.... 
Father, I really need your help.  V really need to know YOU.  I think that is the major problem... 
PLEASE PRAY I CAN GET MY COMPUTER PROBLEMS STRAIGHTENED OUT, ESPECIALLY ALL GLITCHES WITH MY E-... 
Heavenly Father. I humbly ask for blessings and miracles in all areas of the lives of everyone ... 
I ask my girlfriend's mom has traveling mercies and safelights throughout the evening and morni... 
Please pray that I do well on my final. Pray I get at least 90% and get a good final grade in S... 
Pray Harrison park ask me to
Volunteers this summer I want to
 Wrote a letter but I know how ce... 
Please pray that he will marry me soon.... 
Lord please preform a miracle in my life now dear god. Please lord fix the things that are wron... 
Lord please bless us with a baby.... 
Need miracles. My in-laws gathering for a family function. Lot of negative energy comes from th... 
Heavenly Father I know I wasn't always the perfect husband  to my wife and father to my childre... 
Lord Jesus JehovahJireh El Shaddai open up heaven fast and easy bring me the Husband God has pl... 
Need some miracles today and tomorrow to save me from my in-laws and their relatives.... 
Please pray that the Will of God be done in my life and my family.... 
Pray no bad storms or toranado n pray Warner temps... 
I have a multitude of problems that need fixed immediately!  I need some miracles in the Blesse... 
Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ. Please keep me up in prayer. I’m on edge, easily agitate... 
God thank you for all that you have done, I ask that you continue to help me grow as a person. ... 
Lord I want to thank u for giving me understanding in my life. I may nt knw where I'm headed bu... 
I often wonder if it is God's will for me not to have friends or healthy relations.Being alone ... 
Lord God help me at work.  Help everything go well.  I pray that more orders start coming in an... 
Lord, I thank You for my many blessings and I pray that I fulfilling my obligations in this wor... 
Lord, I thank You for my many blessings and I pray that I fulfilling my obligations in this wor... 
God please be with me. I have been hurt by many people in the past. Please let me not be hurt b... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. i have faith in you. With you i can cope. i tha... 
my name is Lisa Henderson. could you pray I meet the spouse that is for me and that I have pray... 
Great I Am bless Your Holy Name forever. Jesus thank You for everything and please forgive my s... 
Have a dr's appointment tomorrow for the bleeding I've had for a year now, please pray it goes ... 
Dear God in The name of Jesus I pray for you to please Bless my son Timothy with your Divine In... 
Dear Lord, I thank you for your blessings and love. I pray for rest tonight and against my alle... 
God please bless me with a good job, Please let me hear some good news about a job that I appli... 
Dear God I pray to you in the name of Jesus.
Please Bless my son with your Divine Intervention ... 
lord i cant fight for my marriage anymore you have remained silent through my stand it is hopel... 
Pray manpower didn't often me a another fr 3 rd shift position they'd give everyone else's anot... 
Pray I get another 260,00 from manpower they owed me money... 
Jesus I speak life and health to Don, Judy, Regretfully, Lovereturns, Rick, Jesusluvs, and my h... 
With baby in hand and locksmith dont want to come out god help me amen... 
Urgent prayers are needed for money to buy food and pay overdue rent and other bills.    The en... 
Lord I ask for a perminant job position for Bill, hopefuly in management.... 
Lord, 
I come to you tonight, with tears in my eyes and confessing my sins and shortcomings. I ... 
Lord, 
I come to you tonight, with tears in my eyes and confessing my sins and shortcomings. I ... 
I have not been interviewed for a job in twenty years. Please pray that God will put his hands ... 
Please pray i make the right decision in regard to something big. I need to make it tomorrow an... 
I ask for prayers for healing my body mind and soul. I believe that God will heal my shoulder. ... 
God please help me. After the news from my doctor on Monday I feel very more depressed. I did n... 
Please pray for us to have a very safe and fun trip this weekend with family. Please pray our v... 
Luis cannot lie and see talk text other women then me for now on break the enemies back bring i... 
Luis cannot play games with my heart ever again and he is brought to full repentance for lieing... 
Luis cannot see other women now that are blocking him from me now all the way from the spiritua... 
Unspoken-he knows.-also, please pray I can find mental and physical  strength,energy and am abl... 
pray for Michael from Virginia that his room my be blessed to according to fathers will !and ev... 
Father in Heaven, we need your help Lord,please cure my husband Ron Daniel he is having a hard ... 
LORD Bring IN THE Miracles I Get A Great Place To Live I can fit my kitchen table ans couch . I... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Dear Heavenly Father please help me to find a way to pay all my bills.  Lord the shut off notic... 
Dear Heavenly Father I want to thank You for today.  It wasnt an awesome day but it wasnt a bad... 
me, my mom, dad, and older sister are suffering with poor health. We need prayer to be healed! ... 
Please pray that my issues, which now seem unsurmountable now, will go away soon. My electricit... 
I pray that Steve finds a better job and soon. He needs it.... 
Dear Lord,
Please bless my family. We continue to need your blessings.
Amen... 
please pray for my mother she has to go for another mammography and ultra sound next week, beca... 
Father, like every day I am praying for my future Husband. I want him in my life, I want us to ... 
Luis is in full repentance for leaving God and Joanna his wife for Stacey and listening to any ... 
Luis in full repentance a out Stacey and any women he put before me and he knows he needs to pu... 
Please Lord let my son's behavior improve...he is out of control now, also please help with my ... 
Please Lord let my son's behavior improve...he is out of control now, also please help with my ... 
Maria her cohorts family followers April Luis there family followers have permanent favor for m... 
I strip all power of oppression witchcraft from my life and Luis out children Parents lives rig... 
My car fixed free or cheap by Luis and we do what's best with my car. I'm highly highly favored... 
Luis has extreme favor for me now only and Terry has extraordinary favor for me only now... 
All warfare between Luis and I gone now. All selfish prayers word curses over us tearing each o... 
No more Lord bring in as much light as it takes into the darkness Senior Richard gets accepted ... 
I get my husband God has planned for me now he removes any woman in his life not in God's will ... 
My headache is gone now take away all pain now. Send any selfish prayers word curses back to wh... 
Father God,
 
Thank you for this day. Thank you for all the blessings. Thank you for the gift ... 
My wife and I are under a physical attack in our bodies, my heart is not functioning properly t... 
Having problems getting my kindle fire to charge <SLEEPY FACE><SLEEPY FACE>... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Let us pray everything God has given me through, revelations, sermons, visions, books, situatio... 
Please, let us agree in prayer:
1 Lord to build and strengthen me, to be the leader and the emp... 
Lord please help me with lusting it gets really hard for me. I pray that my stomach is not cram... 
Let us pray, the Lord to build and strengthen me so: in prayer to pray exactly what God wants t... 
Luke 6:46; John 8:29; 14:16, 26
In Jesus' Name, I Pray God's Will for You Today
I pray that in ... 
We are the light... 
Prayer for F**** to keep house!... 
Heavenly Father, I am asking that you will help my internet speed up. Tonight it just isn't act... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. i have faith in you. With you i can cope. i tha... 
Please pray for my brother inlaw to get a different, better, more fulfilling, and better paying... 
Father God,
i thank you for the opportunity to pray for others .
Father God,
i lift E.A. and K.... 
Please pray for the success of a fundraiser that is being held tomorrow to enhance the lives of... 
Just found out my boyfriend's entire family are turning into Mormons. Needing lots of prayers t... 
God, please heal me of fibromyalgia that causes extreme and fatigue, and the neuropathy in my f... 
I ask for favor and direction to people who are already looking and considering saving money on... 
Thank you for your prayers.! Keep my son M and his family safe and healthy throughout the year.... 
the child right now!  don't put it off...the time is now... 
God , I thank You for Christian fellowship You have given me. God, I feel sad because today I w... 
Please God let me be doing the right thing in helping this person out. Please let me not be tak... 
Please brothers and sisters, pray for me! I have a very strong need for the Lord! It's that I'm... 
I beg you, pray for me! Let us pray the Lord to deliver me from loneliness. Let us pray, the Lo... 
In my personal life I have had a lot of pain and injuries from girls who abused me! Let us us p... 
Let us pray our gracious Lord Jesus Christ to create situations and to guide me , so to find a ... 
I need cont. Prayers for my BF and I.  His pill addiction is worse.  He will either go to priso... 
Dear brothers and sisters, let us pray the Lord to send in my life girl really strong will love... 
Please pray for me thatmy sexual lusts would be gone. I was suggested to seek help from profess... 
Lord I’m askin you please bring me and my wife  rachael and kids back together  lord and ple... 
Lord, please help me to do my part at work this week. IJNIPA.... 
in jesus name flood flood every single make up brand company every single one in boots now supe... 
Lord,

I ask you to have Alan to get in touch with me.... 
I declare in jesus name there is mighty abundantly incredibly breakthroughs right now with ever... 
every single prayer I have prayed over jim about jim is answered now in jesus name... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Dear Lord,as ur servant I come again to you to hear  and answer all our prayers in here we,be ... 
I ask for Favor, Divine Appointments, Collection of Electric Use &amp; Rapid Agreement to Terms in ... 
My daughter is in a custody battle that has gone on for 2 years, I have sent numerous prayer re... 
Expect me theological lectures and exams. These lectures and exams are very important. Let us p... 
Lord let my world be full of u let the lords word seep from my mouth,rejoyce in his name... 
Let us pray, the Lord to let me have a major success , results and achievements in sports ! Let... 
Father let Jorge's heart rember the live we shared remind him his home is with me and we can do... 
Let us pray for professional development in my life! Let us pray to be really incredible expert... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift J.H., B.O., a... 
Plz father put me back together again I have lost everything down to my sons,my house my love,I... 
I lost my job and I have to pay credit! Let us pray the Lord with power to protect me and help ... 
Dear Lord-Please protect &amp; bless my husband 
John S -Please help him -I have no where else to t... 
Please help Steve find a better job. He had a horrible day today. They treat him so badly.... 
Dear heavenly father I know I broke alot of promises to you before. Father I would like to ask ... 
Please remember my Friend, Dennis.  Asking for relief in his back.  Deliverance for his daughte... 
Plz pray that find a general contractor to fix my house and my kids cum home,and George too I d... 
Dear Lord,
Please let my raise go through.
Amen.... 
Plz pray Arron and kody forgive me soon... 
Please pray with me that I get a job offer, In Jesus name, Amen... 
I have some prayers which I have been praying for which have not been answered yet.  I really n... 
Father place bless my mum with long healthy life and bring Godly wives to Farhan and Christian ... 
I just had to share this with y'all:
I have been identifying myself with the "Daughters of Zion... 
My wife and I are under a physical attack in our bodies, my heart is not functioning properly t... 
Please ask God to allow for Brian and I to communicate without hesitation in this relationship,... 
Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank you for this day, thank you for your word. Father I pray for heali... 
Please ask God to allow for Brian and I to communicate without hesitation in this relationship,... 
Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank you for this day, thank you for your word. Father I pray for heali... 
Father God.  Thank you that I got to the doc office on time.  Thank you that the doc was nice... 
Lord, I asked that You will restore the relationship that Max and I shared so that he will see ... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift D.W., W.W., a... 
j love for me is renewed rekindald stronger deeper higher ever before growing so very strong j ... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift M.W., A.H., a... 
My hope is only in God's mercy! Let us pray, the Lord to strengthen me and blessed me financial... 
Lord Jesus, I asked for Your intervention in my daughter Christina's US Visa application. She h... 
I am sorry to hear you are still without a job. I peay God will Bless you with the job you nee... 
Pray I stop sweating n stop having fever... 
I have quite wrong attitude and behavior. Focusing on the problems and forget gratitude and joy... 
life is hard, 
really hard,
pray for this fear to leave me
ive been crying out to the lord for... 
ALL PAIN IN MY LEG BE GONE PERMANTLY NOW IN JESUS NAME... 
BREAK THE CHAINS TO ALL OF EVERYTHING IN MY WHOLE LIFE I TOTALLY LOVE YOU FATHER THANK YOU AND ... 
Let us pray, the Lord greatly strengthen and bless the friendship between me and Pastor Jimmy. ... 
Lord almighty, please wholeheartedly for the full manifestation of the Holy Spirit in my life -... 
complete healing in my whole body health now in jesus name... 
I declare I will go many beautiful holidays this year without delay every year abundantly the r... 
Please help me God and build me to be forever a man of prayer, faith, the Word and the Spirit, ... 
FATHER I SEEK WEALTH,PEACE,HAPPINESS AND ALL YOU HAVE TO BLESS ME WITH AND FINANCIAL SUPPORT AN... 
all chains blocks fears j has about being with me communicating with me fully committimg to me ... 
Please wholeheartedly! Support me with your prayers! Only a miracle of Jesus can help me! Pray ... 
Pray that the Lord will support me financially wondrous ways! Pray that the Lord will use every... 
no more loneleness me j get back together now as couple very speedly j comes back to me now wit... 
mighty incredibly abundant breakthrough with all my prayers desires now no more waiting delays ... 
I have a pain in my heart because of the many years of being a Christian and still falter when ... 
Peace and healing for myself and my fiance. We have both been under a lot of stress and edgy an... 
DEAR FATHER I SEEK YOU FIRST IN YOUR KINGDOM AND RIGHTEOUSNESS
I ASK FOR FAVOR AND URGENT HELP ... 
I declare in jesus name there is abundantly mighty breackthroughs now with every part of j towa... 
urgent please pray j communicates with me now in jesus name... 
Dear God-  Please forgive me if I have prayed too many times today.   What I am praying for is ... 
I ask for favor and direction to people who are already looking and considering saving money on... 
I have problems with gas and discomfort in the stomach and intestines! Pray for fully healed! I... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
Pray that the Lord will bless me with a decent extra income to permanent! Pray the Lord to make... 
I experience many temptations with women! Lord make me able and faithful to overpower them for ... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone. I have my place and no back pay rent from Terry now al... 
all my sadness sorrow loneliness turns to great great joy happiness fifilment in ever way now a... 
my faith hope peace joy happiness friends blessings favour clothes make up foundations tinted m... 
Help Please Lord i get my hours for Dad he gets his permanent disability fast social security f... 
jim is so very generous to me more ever all the time more more every day will never be selfish ... 
great abundant incredibly financial blessing wealth comes to me now overtakes me now floods me ... 
my clothes are getting a lot a lot better now I declare I have the best ever clothes abundantly... 
I am feeling overwhelmed by school and sports and I just need a prayer that God will give me st... 
all every one of my deepst prayer request desires are all answered now overtakes me now floods ... 
I ask for "B"s salvation, Lord. I heard to pray for "B"s suffering, so broken and then will tur... 
my beauty appearance hygiene is blessed very very best ever in ever way now flourishes now tota... 
please all pray I command in jesus name my legs healed now all pain in my legs completely gone ... 
every single prayer I have said for jim are all answered now in jesus name I will be totally to... 
the blessing of the lord overtakes me in all area of my life in jesus namess... 
Prayer for ministry that is waiting with their luggage to go on mission to go to Nepal! God to ... 
Pray be done God's work and God's will in the relationship between me and Кristiana!... 
Dear Father you are my only one in this life .... I was calling Jesus Jesus while I was driving... 
in jesus name there is power the particular new foundations new tinted mostruiers new bb creams... 
I met with Kristiana! Prayers work! To thank the Lord and glorify him! Pray that the Lord with ... 
LOTS LOTS LOTS MORE HAIR PLEASE ON MY WHOLE HEAD ABUNDANTLY NOW IN JESUS NAMESS... 
My mom's and my friend is in the hospital having heart failure. Please pray for Fran's healing ... 
Prayer for Valeria! Valeria needs healing of the eyes. Let us pray for complete healing!  Let ... 
Lord, I thank You for the baptism of fire, I ask for more Lord. Consume any wicked way within m... 
please please all pray I declare in jesus name mighty incredibly abundant breackthroughs with e... 
Pray all lusts and passions in me against women to be forever tied in the name of Jesus! Pray a... 
Pray that the Lord will heal completely my teeth! I really need!... 
Lord I just want to thank you and everyone who has prayed me my requests and Lord let their pra... 
Going 2 c Nephrologist nxt Monday the 11th. Had lab work done on the 1st of May 2 check 4 kidne... 
Lord my Nephew almost got mugged going home from working his night shift to take the train.  On... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift D.P. and M.A.... 
Heavenly Father, please help my sister to stop have the pains she is having. Also to get a good... 
Please pray that the Lord will prepare and open the heart of the person have to contact. May th... 
Father God,
I thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
I lift Q.W. and B.W.... 
May God grant me more students willing to learn before the exam sessions start...! May God gran... 
Please include my family in your prayers.... 
Please urgently uplift and pray for Andy, Chris, Fred, for their health and guidance, and also ... 
Please pray for my brother inlaw to get a different, better, more fulfilling, and better paying... 
Pray to know the Lord! After so many years as a Christian I understand that I know very little ... 
My spiritual life is very unkempt and I walked away from the Lord! My heart is grieved to death... 
I have big problems with pornography wishes of people of the opposite sex and similar problems!... 
Pray for Bobby, Marty and Jivko! They have problems with drugs! Pray that the Lord will carry o... 
Pray that the Lord will bless my life very romantic and special moments and experiences! I drea... 
Pray the Lord to give me a full and compelling victory of all troubles, needs and struggles in ... 
Pray for me! Lord build me never to worry and fear for my needs and problems. Pray that the Lor... 
Pray that God will protect and bless my health!... 
Pray for Tisho! Perfect God's will to be done in every area of his life and to learn God's ways... 
I ask God's step-by-step will would be known and followed in my life, the lives of our loved on... 
Pray that the Lord will forgive me for hypocrisy and scoffing and slander! Pray that the Lord w... 
Father in Heaven, Your Name be Honored, Your Kingdom Come, Your Will be Done on Earth as in Hea... 
I'm sorry I won't be on very long. I have severe pain in my left hip and some other pain from f... 
Praying for everyone including myself that god works everything n our life's out nd forgives us... 
My husband has been given some additional duties at his work having to do with accounting.  Thi... 
I've got to go back to the dentist tomorrow for treatment. Please pray that I'm not going to ha... 
I have so low esteem, that I cannot ask for a job. I should become a nurse this spring, but I t... 
Things are just getting toughter and tougher for me in my life God.  I do not want to be here ... 
Thank you that they took the message to the attorney.. Shish Father its been a minute could you... 
God u know my requests so many i dont know how to ask. Just help me find myself again please. A... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
a silent prayer request... 
Father please i beg you to send speedy healing to my mother in law. Please Father heal her i pr... 
Please urgently uplift and pray for Andy, Chris, Fred, for their health and guidance, and also ... 
My in-laws are going to make it for tomorrow and day after for a wedding function and that is e... 
Father, I pray for a job of Your will for me. Relieve the stress and dysfunction at current job... 
2 unspoken requests, please.... 
I was in a relationship for around 2-3 years with a person that I dearly love. My best friend. ... 
God, I ask that child and I get together for a pleasant dinner tonight. No problems, issues, di... 
Please pray for my medical test to bring very good and awesome results, and for my fertility to... 
Pray for God to give me wisdom and direction to look into the right places where I can apply fo... 
Pray for God to touch the hands of those whole will go through my husband's H1b and COS applica... 
Please pray for my husband, Marvin, that God would grant him repentance leading to a knowledge ... 
I'm highly highly favored with my husband God has planned for me now he is in my life fully dev... 
Please pray for allen, kyle and myself. Going through tough times spiritually (spiritual warfar... 
RELATIONSHIP RESTORATION Please pray that God softens this loved one's heart towards me. May He... 
Dear LORD, please convict and convince him that You hold the future into Your Hands, so we must... 
Please pray for the safety of Andrem and traveling mercies. May God strongly put it on his hear... 
May the Lord direct my brother's medical appointment, and make it successful. May He bring heal... 
Please pray that God fills Andrew, Chris, and Frederick with brand new COURAGE; may Andrew, Chr... 
Dear LORD, please prepare, dispose and incline his heart favorably towards me, so that I hear s... 
Lord, as Jabets prayed in the Scripture, I also want to ask you to bless us and enlarge my terr... 
Please pray for his positive response, openness, his sensitivity of heart and spontaneity, as w... 
Please pray that God provides for a more stable job and give me the necessary qualities so that... 
Please pray for my brother inlaw to get a different, better, more fulfilling, and better paying... 
First and foremost, thank you for reading this post. Please pray that I do not lose my job. And... 
I renounce the soul tie with L and i have my favor he can't take it now... 
Senior Richard gets permanent disability fast and his license back now... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and with Luis we don't fight at all anymore now... 
I'm having a hard time letting go the injustice I feel from the way I was treated in a recently... 
I have extraordinary permanent favor with Maria her cohorts Luis April there family followers n... 
Father God,
i thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
i lift A.W. and myse... 
I urge you, first of all, to pray for all people. Ask God to help them; intercede on their beh... 
God, I Knock, I Seek, And Ask (Luke 11:9-10) I declare and Decree for a breakthrough in my pers... 
I'm highly highly favored with everyone and Terry no back pay rent and I get my rent starting n... 
In Jesus name Father God forgive us for our sins, bless us, keep us and heal us. Make your face... 
Thank you Jesus for prayer and all your prayer warriors. Remove and forgive us for all of our s... 
I have extraordinary favor with God and with man Luke 2 : 52 x7x7x7 I'm highly highly favored w... 
Healing in my life my parents my Dad Richard his health his doctor moves every mountain today h... 
Father our neighbour Pandelis in Aigaleo, Athens where we own our florist has 2
very young daug... 
Joyful is the person who finds wisdom, the one who gains understanding.... 
Father God,
i thank you for the opportunity to pray for others
Father God,
i lift Z up to you i... 
God, in Jesus Christ's name I am praying that myself and J have good days today at our jobs. I ... 
Please Heavenly Father, I pray to you in the name of Jesus. Please Bless my family with your ME... 
Lord I feel like I've entered the tunnel 9 months ago.  I kept going but see no end to it.  Eac... 
Father I come to you .... Now to ask you money to fix my car cause I was calling your name whil... 
Pray for Erica to get a job to regain custody of her children, in Jesus name!... 
Having trouble getting one of my cars inspected, pray the Lord help me get it inspected.... 
Father God,
Please be with me. You are my hope. I have faith in you. With you I can cope. I tha... 
Lord I want you to speak talk trough his heart and put fire between all those people who s try ... 
Senior Richard kidneys healed and a donor fast accepted permanent disability fast and social se... 
Father Lord I come to say thank you even my car is mess up but I know you all fix it for me. Pr... 
Just want to send a simple prayer request. Please pray for me because I can't do this any more.... 
Help me turn 100% completely away from my sins. Father God, I pray that no weapons formed again... 
Please pray that my marriage with Brandy is restored. God please give me favor in Brandys eyes ... 
I want to offer a prayer for the person that I reached out for prayer assistance and guidance i... 
Please pray for my healing from endometriosis and early menopause. Please pray that God has mer... 
PRAYER FOR PEACE AND GUIDANCE; Please pray for the LORD's definite daily leading. May He enligh... 
May I experience greater serenity each day as I notice divine order becoming evident in my life... 
Dear brothers and sisters, please pray for needed work provision. The competitors are many, amo... 
I know God has a plan. I pray for direction to follow it, patience to wait on it, and knowledge... 
Please pray for me.  I really need God's help today.... 
I sent my wife flowers for our 3 month anniversary but her heart is still hardened, as we are s... 
Luis and I get along great the assignment of us breaking up every few days within a week destro... 
I have lost my first court hearing, which now opens the door to various other evil activities a... 
Please, pray Andrea does  well on her English test this morning. Thank u all. God bless you!!
M... 
Senior Richard doctor has extreme favor for him today puts him on permanent disability fast and... 
Healing in my life every area finances prayers answered favor blessings Husband God has planned... 
Pray strongly as we speak things are getting worst. He needs to leave this unhealthy relationsh... 
Please pray for my husband Josh, he goes to take his math final at college on TODAY, and he nee... 
Pray for my mother. Pray for her to be healthy, pray that she has good health. Pray for her to ... 
Things are out of control at my apartment. I got so busy with school and school papers presenta... 
Pray for the people of Nepal. Pray that God gives them strength during this difficult time. Pra... 
We just started being friends she is Christian like me. We have great discussion about God the ... 
My hair have been short all my life. I have been depressed all my life because I never saw my h... 
Pray for my grandpa. Pray for him to be healthy, pray that he lives long. I have not seen him i... 
He has many women and he uses them for a place to stay for a place to put his clothes and belon... 
Pray for me to be silent before you, and everybody out there knowing when and how to keep silen... 
Pray for me that God keeps me clean body mind spirit. Pray that God protects my body mind and s... 
FATHER YOU HAVE ALL THE FUNDS PLEASE I SEEK YOU FIRST IN YOUR KINGDOM AND RIGHTEOUSNESS
I ASK T... 
My wife Patty Ann and me, Joel, got remarried in January 2014. She is drinking and seeing anot... 
My wife Patty Ann and me, Joel, got remarried in January 2014. She is drinking and seeing anot... 
I'm Thanking God everyday for all I have and all my blessings. I'm still praying for some kind ... 
Dear God, I pray and declare that I will get everything worked out and fixed at work. Jesus sof... 
Please let me get in contact with my attorney LORY father its been a minute and i have called h... 
Please Continue Praying for my son, He was hurt by three men on Friday night and will be needin... 
Let her place the deposit today IYNIP amen... 
My Dear Lord Please continue to help me during this trial with my failed business, that I may b... 
My daughter Andrea us taking her AP tests today and tomorrow. Lord give her the necessary wisdo... 
I just had to share this: 
I'm sitting a random location right now; where one would not expect ... 
Please pray that i may have the funds today to master produce few peaces of fine art i made for... 
Lord,
I thank you that I belong to you, and I thank you that you know what the day holds for me... 
Please pray for Gina to get accepted in school to finish nursing degree please pray she will ge... 
Good Morning Father, thank you so much for this day. Thank you for what you have done, thank yo... 
Heavenly Father I declare according to your will tht i will have my surgery this year and that ... 
Please pray for strength for me and my husband. I ask The Lord to watch over my family.  My fai... 
Dear God, I pray and declare that I will get more scholarships and financial aid to Bethel Univ... 
Today i spoke with a friend i confide and i cried. Never allow me to do this god. She showed no... 
I have an interview in a few hours and I'm nervous and fearful.  I pray that God will instantly... 
I pray Father for that wonderful man you have chosen to be my future husband. I pray that he is... 
Lord thank you for the gift of my son Chris. Protect his heart, mind and whole being always. Te... 
Lord thank you that my son Chris found a job. Let all things go well. Lord keep him focused, al... 
Lord Jesus, V came see me after spending 6 hours with the flirting S girl.  I have always inc... 
God thank you for the gift of my precious son Anthony. Let him feel your presence and comfort e... 
Please Lord Jesus Continue To Help My Situation. Let Their Be No Problems. In Jesus Name We Pra... 
Lord God release me from all my prisons, remove any spiritual strongholds that are in my life e... 
