1Co 3:21 I don't want to hear any of you bragging about yourself or anyone else. Everything is already yours as a gift!
The Lords Prayer 
The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart.
1Co 8:13  So, never go to these idol-tainted meals if there's any chance it will trip up one of your brothers or sisters.
A little extra sleep, a little more slumber, a little folding of the hands to rest-then poverty will pounce on u like a bandit -Proverbs6:10
God's Life on Display 
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
Psa 56:9  If my enemies run away, turn tail when I yell at them, Then I'll know that God is on my side.
Hope is that little voice.
Becoming Established In Faith Pt.1 
Be humbled under God’s mighty hand so that he may lift you up in time - 1 Peter 5:6
Psa 118:6  GOD's now at my side and I'm not afraid; who would dare lay a hand on me?
Mat 3:8 It's your life that must change, not your skin!
"Everything you want is on the other side of fear." - Jack Canfield
God Can Turn It Around Part 4 
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live with purpose.
Psa 31:4  Free me from hidden traps; I want to hide in you.
To be happy you have to believe in the happiness of life.
Spiritual Keys to Fasting 
Psa 52:6  Good people will watch and worship. They'll laugh in relief:
Make your smile change the world, don't let the world change your smile.
Psa 94:17 If GOD hadn't been there for me, I never would have made it.
My Calling: Pt 1 
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Pro 23:6  Don't accept a meal from a tightwad; don't expect anything special.
Submit to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you - James 4:7
Steps to Total Restoration - Pt. 1 
My God will fill all your needs according to his riches - Philippians 4:19
Psa 119:106  I've committed myself and I'll never turn back from living by your righteous order.
Mat 5:37 Just say 'yes' and 'no.' When you manipulate words to get your own way, you go wrong.
Avoid distractions. Leave no opportunity unexplored. Life is beautiful.
God Did not Damage You 
"Those who do not complain are never pitied." - Jane Austen
Mat 13:45  "Or, God's kingdom is like a jewel merchant on the hunt for excellent pearls.
Love Never Fails  
From caring comes courage. - Lao Tzu
2Ti 2:1  So, my son, throw yourself into this work for Christ.
"Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath, kick off your shoes, and dance." - Oprah Winfrey
Psa 111:2 GOD's works are so great, worth A lifetime of study--endless enjoyment!
Built by blood 
You may not like it, you may be uncomfortable, but that difficulty will push you into your purpose.
1Jn 3:4  All who indulge in a sinful life are dangerously lawless, for sin is a major disruption of God's order.
"Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." - Les Brown
Laughter and Happiness 
Ignore the negative. Always believe in yourself. Fight for the things that make you happy.
Rom 6:5  Each of us is raised into a light-filled world by our Father so that we can see where we're going in our new grace-sovereign count
Ignore the negative. Always smile at life. Turn your ambitions into real action.
Psa 119:64 Your love, GOD, fills the earth! Train me to live by your counsel.
Say So 
[By Christ] everything was created in the heavens and on earth -- Colossians 1:16
Psa 51:16  Going through the motions doesn't please you, a flawless performance is nothing to you.
Prepare the way for the LORD - Luke 3:4
Don't Be Poor In Your Attitude 
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
Psa 38:22  Hurry and help me; I want some wide-open space in my life!
Psa 119:47 I cherish your commandments--oh, how I love them!--
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness. -1John 1:9
You Gotta Go Through It 
Don't worry God is taking care of you.. even if it may seem you are all alone.
Pro 13:24  A refusal to correct is a refusal to love; love your children by disciplining them.
The Fear of Failure 
Love life, stay positive, stay happy, and stay focused on your dreams.
Pro 5:10  Why should you allow strangers to take advantage of you? Why be exploited by those who care nothing for you?
Pro 17:12 Better to meet a grizzly robbed of her cubs than a fool hellbent on folly.
Happiness is not something readily made. It comes from your own actions.
Cornestone 
Don’t let the facts convince you to give up. This is a new day. You’re about to see a breakthrough.
Heb 3:13  For as long as it's still God's Today, keep each other on your toes so sin doesn't slow down your reflexes.
Sometimes God has to break you down to bless you up. Learn from your mistakes.
Heaven's Cure For Earthly Ills 
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
Psa 20:2  Send reinforcements from Holy Hill, Dispatch from Zion fresh supplies,
Psa 33:20 We're depending on GOD; he's everything we need.
Life is beautifully delightful. Work hard for your dreams. Don't let your dreams stay dreams.
Being Excellent in the Workplace 
Continue to love your brothers and sisters, 2 and don‘t forget to love strangers - Hebrews 13:1
Job 9:32  "God and I are not equals; I can't bring a case against him. We'll never enter a courtroom as peers.
Lord, place a guard on my mouth. Keep watch over the door of my lips - Psalm 141:4
Reel It In  
You are wonderful, LORD, and you deserve all praise, because you are much greater than anyone can understand. -Psalm 145:3
Psa 119:30  I choose the true road to Somewhere, I post your road signs at every curve and corner.
Heb 8:12 They'll get to know me by being kindly forgiven, with the slate of their sins forever wiped clean.
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
The Power of Your Prophesy 
[God] should be praised - Psalm 18:3 (please retweet)
Luk 11:9  "Here's what I'm saying: Ask and you'll get; Seek and you'll find; Knock and the door will open."
As iron sharpens iron, so one man sharpens another. -Prov 27:17
MIRACLES ALONG THE WAY. 
Pro 3:1  Good friend, don't forget all I've taught you; take to heart my commands.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Psa 16:9 I'm happy from the inside out, and from the outside in, I'm firmly formed.
Breaking Generational Curses Pt 2 
"Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself." - Michel de Montaigne
Psa 119:106  I've committed myself and I'll never turn back from living by your righteous order.
Unto us a Child is born. Unto us a Son is given. And the government will be upon His shoulders - Isaiah 9:6.
Robe, Rooster, Redemption 
Jesus replied, "Very truly I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God without being born again." -John 3:3
Pro 5:10  Why should you allow strangers to take advantage of you? Why be exploited by those who care nothing for you?
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
1Co 16:22 If anyone won't love the Master, throw him out. Make room for the Master!
Seven Hindrances to Prayer Pt 4 
Its Only A Test 
One touch of God’s favor can put you 50 years ahead of where you thought you’d be.
Psa 119:87  They've pushed and pushed--they never let up-- but I haven't relaxed my grip on your counsel.
"The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated." - William James
7 Secrets Of a Successful Father in Scripture 
Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads. - Erica Jong
Psa 34:22  GOD pays for each slave's freedom; no one who runs to him loses out.
Pro 28:5 Justice makes no sense to the evilminded; those who seek GOD know it inside and out.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now without delay.
The House Of A Barefooted Man Pt 1 
Decide what you want. Commit to never stopping until you make it happen. Then you will succeed.
Pro 27:21 The purity of silver &amp; gold is tested by putting them in the fire;The purity of human hearts is tested by giving them alittle fam
Battlefield Of The Mind Pt. 1 
Don't waste your time trying to get people to love you. Spend your time with those who already do.
Gal 6:5  Each of you must take responsibility for doing the creative best you can with your own life.
Pro 26:12 See that man who thinks he's so smart? You can expect far more from a fool than from him.
Never set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries, &amp; laugh a lot, it's good for you! -Paula Radcliffe
Lord, Do Something I've Never Seen Pt.2 
"We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep." - William James
Pro 20:4  A farmer too lazy to plant in the spring has nothing to harvest in the fall.
How to Walk in Peace Pt 1 
Every day you are blessed with new opportunities to get better. There is no reason that you shouldn't take advantage of those opportunities.
Luk 6:36  Our Father is kind; you be kind.
Job 5:19 From one disaster after another he delivers you; no matter what the calamity, the evil can't touch you--
The Power Has Been Transferred 2 
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
Psa 47:6  Sing songs to God, sing out! Sing to our King, sing praise!
Aspire to achieve. Avoid the negative. Believe in your abilities.
Your Mouth &amp;amp; Gods Power: Pt2 
A person who chases two rabbits catches neither.
1Pe 5:8  Keep a cool head. Stay alert. The Devil is poised to pounce, and would like nothing better than to catch you napping.
1Co 6:20 God owns the whole works. So let people see God in and through your body.
Jacob's Sons 
Smiling for someone is SWEET, but making someone SMILE is the BEST FEELING.
Joh 14:3  And if I'm on my way to get your room ready, I'll come back and get you so you can live where I live.
I take refuge in the Lord - Psalm 11:1
Power of a Made Up Mind  
This is your due season. Instead of being heavy with burdens, you’re going to be heavy with good breaks &amp; opportunity.
Psa 36:9  You're a fountain of cascading light, and you open our eyes to light.
Psa 96:1 Sing GOD a brand-new song! Earth and everyone in it, sing!
Faith Works By Love 
"What we have to learn to do, we learn by doing." - Aristotle
Psa 107:14  He led you out of your dark, dark cell, broke open the jail and led you out.
Why Can I Trust the Bible? 
What you do matters, but why you do it matters so much more.
Col 2:3  All the richest treasures of wisdom and knowledge are embedded in that mystery and nowhere else. And we've been shown the mystery!
Pro 15:7 Perceptive words spread knowledge; fools are hollow--there's nothing to them.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Change Has Come 
Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers &amp; sisters of mine, you did for me. -Matthew 25:40
Act 4:11  Jesus is 'the stone you masons threw out, which is now the cornerstone.'
Gods HEART 
God loves the world - John 3:16
Pro 18:13  Answering before listening is both stupid and rude.
Psa 115:16 The heaven of heavens is for GOD, but he put us in charge of the earth.
"Education is not filling a bucket, but lighting a fire." - W. B. Yeats
Sexual Complementarity Part 2 
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Pro 20:4  A farmer too lazy to plant in the spring has nothing to harvest in the fall.
SEEING YOURSELF THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE 
Col 1:4 We keep getting reports on your steady faith in Christ, our Jesus, and the love you continuously extend to all Christians.
The "good life" begins when you stop wanting a better one.
Php 2:4  Don't be obsessed with getting your own advantage. Forget yourselves long enough to lend a helping hand.
Mercy and Kindness: Pt1 
"When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears." - Anthony Robbins
Mat 20:14  So take it and go. I decided to give to the one who came last the same as you.
The Meaning of Integrity 
"Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness." - Frank Tyger
Pro 24:29  Don't say to anyone, "I'll get back at you for what you did to me. I'll make you pay for what you did!"
Heb 12:14 Work at getting along with each other and with God. Otherwise you'll never get so much as a glimpse of God.
The Curse Is Broken 
"Focusing on one thing and doing it really, really well can get you very far." - Kevin Systrom
"If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think." - Oprah Winfrey
Psa 107:22  Offer thanksgiving sacrifices, tell the world what he's done--sing it out!
Free To Worship 
The difference between excellence and mediocrity is commitment.
Psa 35:9  But let me run loose and free, celebrating GOD's great work,
Rom 6:12 That means you must not give sin a vote in the way you conduct your lives. Don't give it the time of day.
Things We Learn Along the Way 
Believe in your destiny. Embrace things that make you feel positive. Focus on your goals.
Pro 25:13  Reliable friends who do what they say are like cool drinks in sweltering heat--refreshing!
I'll Win In The End: Pt1 
Avoid negative situations. Be creative. Don't waste your time on nonsense.
Pro 13:24  A refusal to correct is a refusal to love; love your children by disciplining them.
Pro 16:32 Moderation is better than muscle, self-control better than political power.
Come Thirsty 
Temptation from Worldliness 
People may try to discount you and discredit you, but you’re not just anybody. You’re a child of God.
Pro 27:6  The wounds from a lover are worth it; kisses from an enemy do you in.
If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.
How To Overcome Worry 
Psa 20:8  The chariots will rust, those horses pull up lame-- and we'll be on our feet, standing tall.
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for &amp; certain of what we do not see. -Heb 11:1
Psa 61:5 You've always taken me seriously, God, made me welcome among those who know and love you.
Joyce Meyer The Power of Agreement Pt 1 
The Breaking Point 
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
Psa 34:17  Is anyone crying for help? GOD is listening, ready to rescue you.
Mercy and Kindness 
Psa 59:9 Strong God, I'm watching you do it, I can always count on you.
Is anyone among you in trouble? Let them pray. Is anyone happy? Let them sing songs of praise. -James 5:13
2Ti 2:1  So, my son, throw yourself into this work for Christ.
Giving To Jesus Who Keeps On Giving 
"Life is about giving other people inspiration to do whatever they want to do well." - Trisha Mason
Psa 145:2  I'll bless you every day, and keep it up from now to eternity.
Sinners Have a Friend 
And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might. -Deuteronomy 6:5
Phm 1:15  Maybe it's all for the best that you lost him for a while. You're getting him back now for good--
Pro 5:17 Your spring water is for you and you only, not to be passed around among strangers.
Abraham Vs Sodom 
Live healthy and think healthy. Believe in your destiny. Create positive vibes.
1Co 12:4  God's various gifts are handed out everywhere; but they all originate in God's Spirit.
Reasoning and Worry 
Live a life you are proud of.
Ecc 4:5  The fool sits back and takes it easy, His sloth is slow suicide.
1Co 15:13 If there's no resurrection, there's no living Christ.
Those who want to love life and have good days should keep their tongues from evil – 1 Peter 3:10
I Wasn't Built To Break Pt.2 
Sometimes the thing we won't change end up changing us.
Pro 5:9  You don't want to squander your wonderful life, to waste your precious life among the hardhearted.
Freedom From Competition 
My love is with all of you – Paul 1 Corinthians 16:24
Pro 21:5  Careful planning puts you ahead in the long run; hurry and scurry puts you further behind.
Joh 11:22 Even now, I know that whatever you ask God he will give you."
Your Words Affect Your Future Pt.1 
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
Pro 4:14  Don't take Wicked Bypass; don't so much as set foot on that road.
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
Help is on the way. 
Psa 119:96  I see the limits to everything human, but the horizons can't contain your commands!
Psa 119:23 While bad neighbors maliciously gossip about me, I'm absorbed in pondering your wise counsel.
Love can melt the hardest heart, heal the wounds of the broken heart and quiet the fears of the anxious heart.
Your Mandate To Pray 
The Lord is my shepherd so I lack nothing - Psalm 23:1
Psa 119:14  I delight far more in what you tell me about living than in gathering a pile of riches.
Realistic Expectations (2) 
• BE STRONG — when you are weak. • BE BRAVE — when you are scared. • BE HUMBLE — when you are victorious.
1Th 4:14  Since Jesus died and broke loose from the grave, God will most certainly bring back to life those who died in Jesus.
Pro 24:10 If you fall to pieces in a crisis, there wasn't much to you in the first place.
The Power and Discipline of Vision 
We all go through unfair situations. Don’t let it become an excuse to settle. Stir up what you have on the inside.
Psa 116:12  What can I give back to GOD for the blessings he's poured out on me?
Don't let fear decide your fate.
Make Jesus The Center Of Your Life 
Pro 14:6  Cynics look high and low for wisdom--and never find it; the open-minded find it right on their doorstep!
Psa 16:10 You canceled my ticket to hell-- that's not my destination!
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking and worrying about yesterday.
God Loves Imperfect People 
Don't let your dreams stay dreams. Stay true to yourself. Avoid negative energy.
1Jn 2:3  Here's how we can be sure that we know God in the right way: Keep his commandments.
SORRY GOD 
Could it be that you’re at the right place for the season you’re in but you’re not enjoying it? Embrace where you are.
Jud 1:18  How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.
Eph 1:22 He is in charge of it all, has the final word on everything. At the center of all this, Christ rules the church.
Live every day as if it's your last, embracing each experience as if it's your first!
Overcoming Power: Pt1 
"Miracles happen to those who believe in them." - Bernard Berenson
Pro 28:18  Walk straight--live well and be saved; a devious life is a doomed life.
Rebuilding the Tabernacle of David 
Psa 119:62 I get up in the middle of the night to thank you; your decisions are so right, so true--I can't wait till morning!
So is he who sleeps with another man's wife; no one who touches her will go unpunished. -Proverbs 6:29
Psa 62:12  Love to you, Lord God! You pay a fair wage for a good day's work!
You Must Display the Fruits of the Spirit 
You control the doorway of what you allow in. You can dwell on every negative thing, or you can choose to delete it.
Rev 3:15  "I know you inside and out, and find little to my liking. You're not cold, you're not hot--far better to be either cold or hot!
God's Faith Plan For You 
Gal 6:3 If you think you are too good for that, you are badly deceived.
It’s a tragedy to go through life dissatisfied, wishing you had more, waiting to be happy. Be content right where you are.
Pro 26:1  We no more give honors to fools than pray for snow in summer or rain during harvest.
The Holy Spirit, Your Central Intelligence Pt 2 
Anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.
Pro 17:1  A meal of bread and water in contented peace is better than a banquet spiced with quarrels.
The Root Of Rejection 
Never let anyone make you feel inferior. Be bold. Positivity is its own reward.
Pro 25:18 Anyone who tells lies against the neighbors in court or on the street is a loose cannon.
Psa 119:67  Before I learned to answer you, I wandered all over the place, but now I'm in step with your Word.
Staying Married Is Not About Staying in Love: Pt 2 
"It isn't that they can't see the solution. It's that they can't see the problem." - G. K. Chesterton
Act 2:45  They sold whatever they owned and pooled their resources so that each person's need was met.
The power Of Unity for Release 
Every individual matters. Every individual has a role to play. Every individual makes a difference.
Pro 27:17  You use steel to sharpen steel, and one friend sharpens another.
"Habit simplifies our movements, makes them accurate, and diminishes fatigue." - William James
Ecc 7:10 Don't always be asking, "Where are the good old days?" Wise folks don't ask questions like that.
Three Goats 
Love the Lord your God with all your heart &amp; with all your soul &amp; with all your mind. This is the first &amp; greatest commandment. -Matt 22:37
Mat 5:7  "You're blessed when you care. At the moment of being 'carefull,' you find yourselves cared for.
A Confident Attitude Pt2 
"There's no use talking about the problem unless you talk about the solution." - Betty Williams
Psa 119:120  I shiver in awe before you; your decisions leave me speechless with reverence.
The most important thing in life is living the life that you want to live.
Mat 5:7 "You're blessed when you care. At the moment of being 'carefull,' you find yourselves cared for.
When God Closes a Door 
Eventually you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is. - Gary Zukav
Pro 15:31  Listen to good advice if you want to live well, an honored guest among wise men and women.
As I have loved you, Love One Another 
Love each other as I have loved you. Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. -John 15:12
Rom 12:13 Help needy Christians; be inventive in hospitality.
Pro 26:27  Malice backfires; spite boomerangs.
Those who kneel before God can stand before anyone.
The Alabaster Box - the value of the true worship 
The devil is walking around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devor - 1 Peter 5:8
Psa 37:16  Less is more and more is less. One righteous will outclass fifty wicked,
His Coming Is Sure ...Are You 
Life can be messy and bring changes and that's alright, don't give up just know that its going to be alright.
Psa 92:4  You made me so happy, GOD. I saw your work and I shouted for joy.
Focus on the positive. Believe in your ambitions. Stay motivated at all times.
Ecc 1:10 Does someone call out, "Hey, this is new"? Don't get excited--it's the same old story.
The Coming Four Blood Moons, PT. 2 
[Jesus] is worthy to receive power, wealth, wisdom, strength, honor, glory, and praise—Revelation 5:12
Act 27:25  So, dear friends, take heart. I believe God will do exactly what he told me.
Stay focused on your own life. Love your life. Love your life.
Seed Time Harvest is Now 
"Dont wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great!" - Orison Swett Marden
Eph 3:12  When we trust in him, we're free to say whatever needs to be said, bold to go wherever we need to go.
2Co 7:2 Trust us. We've never hurt a soul, never exploited or taken advantage of anyone.
The Spirit of Python 
"Strength lies in differences, not in similarities" - Stephen R. Covey
Pro 15:17  Better a bread crust shared in love than a slab of prime rib served in hate.
Proof positive: Timing really is everything!
How Precious You Are 
"Think big thoughts, but relish small pleasures." - Jackson Brown
Pro 17:1  A meal of bread and water in contented peace is better than a banquet spiced with quarrels.
Jud 1:19 These are the ones who split churches, thinking only of themselves. There's nothing to them, no sign of the Spirit!
You Don't Have to Feel Confident to Be Confident 
"We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are." - Max Dupree
Isa 2:5  Come, family of Jacob, let's live in the light of GOD.
"What you think of yourself is much more important than what others think of you." - Seneca
Power of Believing 
Use your eyes to see the needs, and use your talents to meet them.
1Th 3:12  And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we do toward you:
"I will never put my name on a product that does not have the best that is in me." - John Deere
Psa 119:19 I'm a stranger in these parts; give me clear directions.
A Changed Mindset 
Wear God’s full armor so you can withstand it when evil comes - Ephesians 6:13
Heb 5:8  Though he was God's Son, he learned trusting-obedience by what he suffered, just as we do.
Lionhearted and Lamblike The Christian Husband as Head, Part 2 
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Pro 25:11  The right word at the right time is like a custom-made piece of jewelry,
Pro 16:13 Good leaders cultivate honest speech; they love advisors who tell them the truth.
Trust in the Lord with all your heart, &amp; do not lean on your own understanding. -Proverbs 3:5
Restoration of Rank and Honor in the kingdom of God 
I am a Christian. That does not mean I am perfect. Just forgiven.
Psa 145:21  My mouth is filled with GOD's praise. Let everything living bless him, bless his holy name from now to eternity!
If everything seems well under control, then you must not be pushing yourself to your limits.
Prosperity on Gods Terms: Pt 9b 
Make success your only option.
Psa 57:2  I call out to High God, the God who holds me together.
Mat 16:25 Self-help is no help at all. Self-sacrifice is the way, my way, to finding yourself, your true self.
Use your smile to change this world; but don't let this world change your smile.
Overcoming Discouragement  
Mar 1:18  They didn't ask questions. They dropped their nets and followed.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back up that matters.
The Gospel of Salvation 
Getting On with Life Pt 2 
"To get the full value of joy, you must have someone to divide it with." - Mark Twain
1Jn 2:15  Don't love the world's ways. Don't love the world's goods. Love of the world squeezes out love for the Father.
Rom 12:7 if you help, just help, don't take over; if you teach, stick to your teaching.
Motivate yourself. Always keep fighting for what you believe in. Define your life from a positive perspective.
Hedge of Protection  
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.
Pro 11:15  Whoever makes deals with strangers is sure to get burned; if you keep a cool head, you'll avoid rash bargains.
Fearless Sermon Pt 1 
May you have joy and peace from God - 1 Corinthians 1:3
Psa 119:165  For those who love what you reveal, everything fits-- no stumbling around in the dark for them.
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
Psa 43:4 To enter the place of worship, meet my exuberant God, Sing my thanks with a harp, magnificent God, my God.
Divorce And Remarriage 
Tell older men to be temperate, respectable, and self-controlled, with sound faith, love and endurance – Titus 2:2
Psa 108:13  In God we'll do our very best; he'll flatten the opposition for good.
If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.
Go,Sin No More 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
1Th 5:10 He died for us, a death that triggered life. Whether we're awake with the living or asleep with the dead, we're alive with him!
1Ti 5:6  But a widow who exploits people's emotions and pocketbooks--well, there's nothing to her.
Don’t stay focused on what somebody else can do better. You’re not running their race. You don’t need what they have.
Build your life on the mercy of God 
Once this day is over you can never get it back. Your time is too valuable to waste it being upset.
Pro 16:20  It pays to take life seriously; things work out when you trust in GOD.
Play like you are in 1st, but train like you are in 2nd.
Power in the Blood of Jesus 
Love your neighbor as much as yourself - Galatians 5:14
Pro 28:11  The rich think they know it all, but the poor can see right through them.
Psa 18:18 They hit me when I was down, but GOD stuck by me.
"Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions." - Mark Twain
How to Set Personal Goals By Faith 
It is a joy to be hidden, and disaster not to be found." - D.W. Winnicott
1Co 9:24  You've all been to the stadium and seen the athletes race. Everyone runs; one wins. Run to win.
Peace and Patience Pt 2 
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
Heb 3:15 These words keep ringing in our ears: Today, please listen; don't turn a deaf ear as in the bitter uprising.
Psa 68:3  When the righteous see God in action they'll laugh, they'll sing, they'll laugh and sing for joy.
Have no fear of sudden disaster or of the ruin that overtakes the wicked, for the LORD will be your confidence, -Proverbs 3:25
Gods Destiny for your Life 
It's uncomfortable but in those dark places remind yourself—a new beginning is on the way.
Pro 17:20  A bad motive can't achieve a good end; double-talk brings you double trouble.
Fight for what you believe in, and stand by what you fight for.
Growing In The Dark (Part 3) 
"Don't use the past as an excuse to miss out on your future." - Alan Cohen
Psa 119:8  I'm going to do what you tell me to do; don't ever walk off and leave me.
Psa 56:12 God, you did everything you promised, and I'm thanking you with all my heart.
Watch yourselves so that you don’t lose what we worked for - 2 John 8
Love The Way to Victory 
"No person has the right to rain on your dreams." - Martin Luther King Jr.
Psa 100:2  Bring a gift of laughter, sing yourselves into his presence.
The Embryo of Prayer 
A friend is someone who is there for you when they'd rather be anywhere else.
Jas 1:18  He brought us to life using the true Word, showing us off as the crown of all his creatures.
Pro 24:28 Don't talk about your neighbors behind their backs-- no slander or gossip, please.
Your story does not end in defeat. It ends in victory with you accomplishing your dreams.
The Power of Words Pt.2 
Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners, of whom I am foremost - 1 Timothy 1:15
Psa 100:1  On your feet now--applaud GOD!
Don't waste your time. Focus on the positive energy. Avoid the negative.
Learning to Receive: Part 1 
Never let anyone keep you down. Ignore all the negative people around you. Never pity yourself.
Luk 18:41  "What do you want from me?" He said, "Master, I want to see again."
You’ll love the Lord your God in all your heart, in all your soul, and in all your mind - Matthew 22:37
1Jn 2:11 But whoever hates is still in the dark, stumbles around in the dark, doesn't know which end is up, blinded by the darkness.
Explosive Blessings are Coming Your Way 
Be healthy. Always push yourself to achieve more. Be brave.
Pro 4:19  But the road of wrongdoing gets darker and darker-- travelers can't see a thing; they fall flat on their faces.
1Ti 4:11 Get the word out. Teach all these things.
Both Death and Life are in the Power of the Tongue 
The Son of man... didn't come to be served, but to serve. -Matthew 20:28 (please retweet).
Psa 145:21  My mouth is filled with GOD's praise. Let everything living bless him, bless his holy name from now to eternity!
"Victory is much more meaningful when it comes not just from one person, but from the joint achievements of many." - Howard Schultz
Acquitted &amp;amp; Adopted 
Everyone makes mistakes, nobody is perfect. Live it, learn from it, move on.
Job 5:8  "If I were in your shoes, I'd go straight to God, I'd throw myself on the mercy of God.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
Your Mandate To Pray: Pt 2 
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back.
Luk 10:9  ...heal anyone who is sick, and tell them, 'God's kingdom is right on your doorstep!'
Luk 21:19 Staying with it--that's what is required. Stay with it to the end. You won't be sorry; you'll be saved.
Do Not Marry The Person You Can Live Without 
If something bad happens, something good will come of it.
Psa 30:12  I'm about to burst with song; I can't keep quiet about you. GOD, my God, I can't thank you enough.
You have to keep trying no matter how many times you have succeeded.
Battling Unbelief: Pt 3 
"Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently." - Maya Angelou
Rom 12:7  if you help, just help, don't take over; if you teach, stick to your teaching.
Eph 6:23 Good-bye, friends. Love mixed with faith be yours from God the Father and from the Master, Jesus Christ.
Jesus said, “I command you to love one another” - John 15:17
Grace, Mercy &amp; Faith 
"Great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, and small minds talk about people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
Luk 10:8  "When you enter a town and are received, eat what they set before you,"
Forget mistakes. Forget failures. Forget everything except what you're going to do now and do it.
Testimony of Raised from the Dead 
Save yourselves from this crooked generation - Acts 2:40
Psa 43:4  To enter the place of worship, meet my exuberant God, Sing my thanks with a harp, magnificent God, my God.
Jas 4:9 Hit bottom, and cry your eyes out. The fun and games are over. Get serious, really serious.
Don’t only work when watched - Ephesians 6:6
Create Your Space Pt 1 
Luk 2:30  With my own eyes I've seen your salvation;
Smile like you've never cried. Fight like you've never lost. Love like you've never hurt. Live like there's no tomorrow!
Obedience and Self Control Pt 1 
No matter how far you go in the wrong direction, there's always a chance to turn your life around.
1Pe 4:12 Friends, when life gets really difficult, don't jump to the conclusion that God isn't on the job.
Rom 14:12  So tend to your knitting. You've got your hands full just taking care of your own life before God.
"Leap and the net will appear." - Julia Cameron
Victory Demands Self Control 
Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were.
Pro 11:2  The stuck-up fall flat on their faces, but down-to-earth people stand firm.
Your past was never a mistake if you learned from it.
The Fire Power of the Holy Spirit : Part 1 
If you never try, you'll never know.
Pro 16:4 GOD made everything with a place and purpose; even the wicked are included--but for judgment.
Psa 118:22  The stone the masons discarded as flawed is now the capstone!
That betrayal wasn’t sent to stop you, it was sent to push you. Shake off the self pity &amp; get ready for new doors to open.
Real Marriage: Selfish Lovers and Servant Lovers 
Practicing the Presence of God/Living in Closeness with Him 
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
Psa 36:7  How exquisite your love, O God! How eager we are to run under your wings.
Worldly desires are against the Spirit, and the Spirit is against worldly desires - Galatians 5:17 .
You must Display the fruits of the spiri 
Psa 98:1 Sing to GOD a brand-new song. He's made a world of wonders! He rolled up his sleeves, He set things right.
Believe in your ability to achieve. Inspire yourself. Embrace things that make you feel positive.
Pro 21:12  A God-loyal person will see right through the wicked and undo the evil they've planned.
THE POWER OF THE CROSS 
Losers are those whose words are bigger than actions. Winners are those whose actions are bigger than words.
Pro 20:22  Don't ever say, "I'll get you for that!" Wait for GOD; he'll settle the score.
No matter how good or bad you have it, wake up each day thankful for your life. Someone somewhere else is desperately fighting for theirs.
You need to Progress &amp; Prosper 
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored. -Bill Cartwright
Psa 94:14  GOD will never walk away from his people, never desert his precious people.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Eph 5:11 Don't waste your time on useless work, mere busywork, the barren pursuits of darkness. Expose these things for the sham they are.
Overcoming Silent Frustration 2 
Every day, your attitude should be, “God, I’m ready. I’m taking the limits off of You. I declare I’m coming into a shift.”
Luk 17:17  Jesus said, "Were not ten healed? Where are the nine...?"
Accept the unchangeable. Embrace the unexpected.
Lessons from suffering 
Never be upset that it didn't work out. Be glad that you learned something to make you better for the next time.
Luk 6:33  If you only help those who help you, do you expect a medal? Garden-variety sinners do that.
No matter how hard the past is. You can always begin again.
Luk 7:50 He ignored them and said to the woman, "Your faith has saved you. Go in peace."
Have You Prayed About It? (Week 4) 
If your enemy is hungry, give him bread to eat; and if he is thirsty, give him water to drink - Proverbs 25:21
Psa 119:8  I'm going to do what you tell me to do; don't ever walk off and leave me.
God appointed Jesus heir of all things and through him he made the universe - Heb 1:2
Reposition Yourself 
Psa 124:8  GOD's strong name is our help, the same GOD who made heaven and earth.
Don’t complain about the valley; there’s a blessing in that valley. It wasn’t sent to harm you—it was sent to increase you.
1Jn 5:3 The proof that we love God comes when we keep his commandments and they are not at all troublesome.
DONT DIE IN THE NEST 
"You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations." - Zig Ziglar
Mat 19:27  Then Peter chimed in, "We left everything and followed you. What do we get out of it?"
Stay focused on your own life. Stay ambitious. Fight for your future.
Act on the Word Of God 
"Success is not what you think it is.... It is what you believe it is... and most never believe." - Doug Firebaugh
Psa 46:11  Jacob-wrestling God fights for us, GOD of angel armies protects us.
1Ti 6:19 If they do that, they'll build a treasury that will last, gaining life that is truly life.
When you go through tough times, have a new perspective: that’s not a valley of defeat, that’s a valley of victory.
The presence of the Holy Spirit Part 11 
Psa 31:5  I've put my life in your hands. You won't drop me, you'll never let me down.
"What we know matters but who we are matters more." - Brene Brown
Parable of the Barren Fig Tree 
Life is good. Achieve your goals. Stay focused on what truly matters.
Psa 18:19  He stood me up on a wide-open field; I stood there saved--surprised to be loved!
Be positive. Believe in yourself. Stay focused on the positive.
Psa 57:11 Soar high in the skies, O God! Cover the whole earth with your glory!
Jesus Revealed In Jacob's Blessing 
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us."  Voltaire
Psa 31:16  Warm me, your servant, with a smile; save me because you love me.
We should be so productive, so full of wisdom that no matter where we are, we always rise to the top.
Friendship {Proverbs} 
Mat 13:45  "Or, God's kingdom is like a jewel merchant on the hunt for excellent pearls.
Make every day matter. Be excited about your future. Be excited about your future.
Heb 8:1 In essence, we have just such a high priest: authoritative right alongside God,
A Savior Is Born! Glory to God, Peace To Man 
"Everyone shines, given the right lighting." - Susan Cain
Mat 6:12  Keep us forgiven with you and forgiving others.
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
God is sturring up a blessing 
Believe in yourself, believe in your destiny, act upon your dreams.
Luk 11:11  If your little boy asks for a serving of fish, do you scare him with a live snake on his plate?
"Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work." - Oprah Winfrey
Heb 7:22 This makes Jesus the guarantee of a far better way between us and God--one that really works! A new covenant.
Divine Supernatual Favor Pt 1 
Don’t let negative voices talk you into mediocrity. You were created for greatness.
Mar 15:26  The charge against him--THE KING OF THE JEWS--was printed on a poster.
Never let success get to your head. Never let failure get to your heart.
Renewing The Mind 
With God's help we will do mighty things. --Psalm 60:12
Joh 1:1  The Word was first, the Word present to God, God present to the Word. The Word was God,
Psa 31:24 Be brave. Be strong. Don't give up. Expect GOD to get here soon.
With one accord and with one voice... honor the God and Father of our Lord Jesus - Romans 15:6
Delivered But Damaged 
"Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble." - Frank Tyger
Psa 18:22  Every day I review the ways he works; I try not to miss a trick.
Demonstration of Faith - Pt. 1 
"If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin." - Ivan Turgenev
Joh 5:8  Jesus said, "Get up, take your bedroll, start walking."
Tit 2:7 But mostly, show them all this by doing it yourself, incorruptible in your teaching,
With God, all things are possible - Mt19:26
The Working Word 
Nobody is in charge of your happiness except you.
Pro 22:1  A sterling reputation is better than striking it rich; a gracious spirit is better than money in the bank.
"Don't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get." - Michael Phelps
Kingdom Commonwealth Economy V 
Love your life. Live healthy and think healthy. Stay focused on what matters to your heart.
Heb 13:13  So let's go outside, where Jesus is, where the action is--not trying to be privileged insiders, but taking our share in the abus
Php 4:19 And my God will liberally supply ([9] fill to the full) your every need according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
All through the day, keep reminding God of what He promised you. He will be faithful and true to His Word.
All Is Well - 7 Keys to Improving Your Life Every Day 
Every day you live in faith, you’re one day closer to seeing your dreams come to pass.
Psa 100:1  On your feet now--applaud GOD!
An Attitude of Mercy and Forgiveness 
Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
Psa 62:12  Love to you, Lord God! You pay a fair wage for a good day's work!
Trust the LORD and his mighty power. -Psalm 105:4
Rom 6:17 But thank God you've started listening to a new master!
Facing Fear and Finding Freedom - Pt2 
Be patient. Good things come to those who wait.
Gal 5:7  You were running superbly! Who cut in on you, deflecting you from the true course of obedience?
Avoid the company of negative people. Focus on your dreams. Always stay focused.
Uncovering the Truths of the Book of Revelation Part 1 
All things are possible for those who believe. -Gail Devers
Psa 25:14  God-friendship is for God-worshipers; They are the ones he confides in.
1Jn 2:17 The world and all its wanting, wanting, wanting is on the way out--but whoever does what God wants is set for eternity.
A time is coming in which everyone in the tombs will hear his voice and will come out - John 5:28-29 (please retweet)
What we need to know about evil 
1Th 4:14  Since Jesus died and broke loose from the grave, God will most certainly bring back to life those who died in Jesus.
It's not the urge to surpass all other at whatever the cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost. -Arthur Ashe
JoelOsteen On Marriage and Parenting 
Through the Washing of Regeneration 
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Pro 12:14  Well-spoken words bring satisfaction; well-done work has its own reward.
Psa 122:1 When they said, "Let's go to the house of GOD," my heart leaped for joy.
Every day they studied the Scriptures - Acts 17:11
Being Chronically Critical 
You will never truly understand something until it actually happens to you.
Pro 14:11  Lives of careless wrongdoing are tumbledown shacks; holy living builds soaring cathedrals.
Heart Test - Pt 1 
Focus on your goals. Work for your dreams. Aspire to create.
Luk 11:4 "Keep us forgiven with you and forgiving others. Keep us safe from ourselves and the Devil."
Joh 15:14  You are my friends when you do the things I command you.
Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.
Life In The Family Of God 
Love life in all its beauty. Embrace the positive. Chase your dreams.
Pro 12:20  Evil scheming distorts the schemer; peace-planning brings joy to the planner.
"The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them." - Mark Twain
Taking Your Authority in Christ Jesus 
Take off every weight, every sin that easily entangles us - Hebrews 12:1
Eph 6:4  Fathers, don't exasperate your children by coming down hard on them. Take them by the hand and lead them in the way of the Master.
Mat 10:14 If they don't welcome you, quietly withdraw. Don't make a scene. Shrug your shoulders and be on your way.
My Praise Pt1 
Just like seasons, people change.
Joh 15:14  You are my friends when you do the things I command you.
Jesus said, “Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest” - Matthew 11:28
God wants You 
"Sing your song. Dance your dance. Tell your tale." - Frank McCourt
Jas 1:6  Ask boldly, believingly, without a second thought. People who "worry their prayers" are like wind-whipped waves.
"Being miserable is a habit; being happy is a habit; and the choice is yours." - Tom Hopkins
Pro 13:18 Refuse discipline and end up homeless; embrace correction and live an honored life.
Why God Blesses And Then Blesses Again! 
Have faith in the beauty of life. Avoid distractions. Never back down.
Psa 2:8  What do you want? Name it: Nations as a present? continents as a prize?
HE LOVED ME ENOUGH TO BE LATE 
"Don't go through life, grow through life." - Eric Butterworth
Psa 17:5  I'm staying on your trail; I'm putting one foot In front of the other. I'm not giving up.
Pro 5:10 Why should you allow strangers to take advantage of you? Why be exploited by those who care nothing for you?
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it. Make your own destiny.
Take Your Place of Authority Part 1 
Some things are better left unsaid.
Psa 85:7  Show us how much you love us, GOD! Give us the salvation we need!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Disgrace and Grace 
Luk 24:32  Back and forth they talked. "Didn't we feel on fire as he conversed with us on the road, as he opened up the Scriptures for us?"
Work hard. Don't waste your life on nonsense. Be positively ambitious.
Eph 4:31 Make a clean break with all cutting, backbiting, profane talk.
"Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied." - Arnold H. Glasow
God's Perfect Timing: ”Evidence From The Christmas" 
Jud 1:18  How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly lusts.
Dancing is like life. It's not about trying to get to a certain place, but rather enjoying every step along the way.
The Lord of the Harvest 
The Lord's eyes watch over righteous people and his ears listen for their prayer – 1 Peter 3:12
Pro 15:5  Moral dropouts won't listen to their elders; welcoming correction is a mark of good sense.
Psa 113:3 From east to west, from dawn to dusk, keep lifting all your praises to GOD!
Simply Believing Prayer 
Just because one person doesn't seem to care for you, doesn't mean you should forget about everyone else who does.
Heb 7:7  In acts of blessing, the lesser is blessed by the greater.
Don't waste your time. Love every part of yourself. Motivate yourself.
The presence of the Holy Spirit 3  
No regrets. Just lessons learned.
Pro 20:20  Anyone who curses father and mother extinguishes light and exists benighted.
"What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it." - Gabriel Garc??a M?rquez
Pro 3:3 Don't lose your grip on Love and Loyalty. Tie them around your neck; carve their initials on your heart.
Set Free From Me - The Invisible War Pt.3 
I'm sad, hurt, angry, mad, disappointed. But you know what? I'll put on a happy face and move on. It will hurt but I will survive.
Psa 66:8  Bless our God, O peoples! Give him a thunderous welcome!
"To find yourself, think for yourself." - Socrates
Paul's Revelation 
"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great." - Machiavelli
Eph 6:4  Fathers, don't exasperate your children by coming down hard on them. Take them by the hand and lead them in the way of the Master.
Psa 135:1 Hallelujah! Praise the name of GOD, praise the works of GOD.
Remain in the faith, established and firm - Colossians 1:23
The Weeping Priest Pt 2 
The moment you feel like giving up, remember all the reasons you held on for so long.
Gal 5:7  You were running superbly! Who cut in on you, deflecting you from the true course of obedience?
Don't stress over things you can't change.
Where Does It Hurt? 
If you've failed once, go for it again, if you've failed twice, just keep on going.
Psa 135:1  Hallelujah! Praise the name of GOD, praise the works of GOD.
Pro 15:33 Fear-of-GOD is a school in skilled living-- first you learn humility, then you experience glory.
Spiritual Maturity in Your Mouth 
A good friend listens to your adventures. A best friend makes them with you.
Mat 6:22  "Your eyes are windows into your body. If you open your eyes wide in wonder and belief, your body fills up with light.
Previous predictions have come to pass and new predictions I declare. Before they happen, I tell you about them - Isaiah 42:9
Loosening the Grip of Discouragement 
God is more concerned about your heart than your performance. If your heart is right, your performance will eventually catch up.
Pro 1:8  Pay close attention, friend, to what your father tells you; never forget what you learned at your mother's knee.
"The miracle is this  the more we share, the more we have." - Leonard Nimoy
1Th 5:21 On the other hand, don't be gullible. Check out everything, and keep only what's good.
People Can Drive You Crazy Pt.3 
God knows us better than anyone else, and that's why no one can love us like He does.
Eph 5:14  Wake up from your sleep, Climb out of your coffins; Christ will show you the light!
Believing in yourself is the first secret of success.
Forever The Victim I Don't Think Sooooo Pt. 2 
We understand love because he laid down his life for us. And we should lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters - 1 John 3:16
Mat 13:32  "It is quite small as seeds go, but in the course of years it grows into a huge pine tree, and eagles build nests in it."
Pro 20:15 Drinking from the beautiful chalice of knowledge is better than adorning oneself with gold and rare gems.
Life is Short 
Smile because life is too short to be unhappy
Luk 10:17  The seventy came back triumphant. "Master, even the demons danced to your tune!"
Redeemed From Poverty Sickness &amp; Death Pt 5 
You have to hurt in order to know. Fall in order to grow. Lose in order to gain. Because many of life's lessons are learned in pain.
Psa 119:96  I see the limits to everything human, but the horizons can't contain your commands!
Believe in positivity. Fight for the life that you want. Believe in positive thinking.
Psa 18:3 I sing to GOD, the Praise-Lofty, and find myself safe and saved.
Redeemed From Poverty, Sickness &amp;amp; Death Pt. 7 
"At any moment, you have a choice, that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it." - Thich Nhat Hanh
1Co 1:8  And not only that, but God himself is right alongside to keep you steady and on track until things are all wrapped up by Jesus.
Love is patient Love is kind Love is not jealous Love does not brag Love is not arrogant
Concern for Loved Ones  
God could have chosen anyone to be here, but He chose you. Make the most of each day.
Pro 12:27  A lazy life is an empty life, but "early to rise" gets the job done.
Psa 37:40 GOD-strengthened, we're delivered from evil-- when we run to him, he saves us.
God Loves You 
Happiness makes you smile; sorrow can crush you. -Proverbs 15:13
Pro 13:18  Refuse discipline and end up homeless; embrace correction and live an honored life.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth - Genesis 1:1
One Life - part 1 
It is impossible to do everything people want you to do. You have just enough time to do God’s will (please retweet)
Pro 14:5  A true witness never lies; a false witness makes a business of it.
Smile for what you have, rather than cry for what you don't.
Psa 118:25 Salvation now, GOD. Salvation now! Oh yes, GOD--a free and full life!
Have a Good Opinion of Yourself 
Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
Job 22:22  Let him tell you what to do; take his words to heart.
Stay ambitious. Believe in your vision. Believe in your ability to achieve.
The Place Of Permanent Provision 
You and your opponent want the same thing...It all comes down to who is willing to work harder and not give up.
Psa 26:8  GOD, I love living with you; your house glows with your glory.
Gal 6:18 May what our Master Jesus Christ gives freely be deeply and personally yours, my friends. Oh, yes!
Pain changes people, but it also makes them stronger.
Dealing with People and Life 
"This above all: to thine own self be true,and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man." - Shakespeare
Luk 17:18  "...Can none be found to come back and give glory to God except this outsider?"
Have a 'Never Say Die' Attitude  
[Christ became] the firstborn from the dead so he can become first in everything - Colossians 1:18
Pro 19:25  Punish the insolent--make an example of them. Who knows? Somebody might learn a good lesson.
Take a lesson from the ants, you lazybones. Learn from their ways and become wise! -Proverbs 6:6
Pro 6:26 You can buy an hour with a whore for a loaf of bread, but a wanton woman may well eat you alive.
Jesus is Coming Soon Series 3/5 
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. - Margaret Thatcher
Psa 56:9  If my enemies run away, turn tail when I yell at them, Then I'll know that God is on my side.
Plenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it.
Understanding Praise 
"I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university." - Albert Einstein
1Co 12:4  God's various gifts are handed out everywhere; but they all originate in God's Spirit.
Psa 144:1 Blessed be GOD, my mountain, who trains me to fight fair and well.
Be Patient 
"Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
2Co 3:4  We couldn't be more sure of ourselves in this--that you, written by Christ himself for God, are our letter of recommendation.
Immanuel: God With Us Part 3 
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet
Psa 96:2  Sing to GOD--worship GOD! Shout the news of his victory from sea to sea!
Stay positive, stay focused, define your life and your goals.
Heb 3:13 For as long as it's still God's Today, keep each other on your toes so sin doesn't slow down your reflexes.
Real Marriage: Can We ______? 
"It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end." - Ursula Le Guin
Pro 19:18  Discipline your children while you still have the chance; indulging them destroys them.
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
The Golden Age  
"Never, never, never give up." - Winston Churchill
Psa 119:176  And should I wander off like a lost sheep--seek me! I'll recognize the sound of your voice!
Pro 29:16 When degenerates take charge, crime runs wild, but the righteous will eventually observe their collapse.
Ambushing Satan with Song 
Always have several goals, always work very hard, always stay focused on your personal mission.
Don't let anyone tell you there's something you can't do. If you have a dream, protect it. If you want something, go get it.
Psa 37:27  Turn your back on evil, work for the good and don't quit.
Gifts and Fruit 
Pray to the Lord for me - Acts 8:24
Luk 10:18  Jesus said, "I know. I saw Satan fall, a bolt of lightning out of the sky.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. -Mother Teresa
2Ti 4:22 God be with you. Grace be with you.
God's Goodness Exceeds Our Wildest Expectations! 
Wise men speak because they have something to say, fools because they have to say something.
Gal 6:3  If you think you are too good for that, you are badly deceived.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping them up.
Holy Ambition 
"If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem." - Richard Bach
Joh 14:6  Jesus said, "I am the Road, also the Truth, also the Life. No one gets to the Father apart from me.
Psa 32:11 Celebrate GOD. Sing together--everyone! All you honest hearts, raise the roof!
The Key Of David: God Opens Doors That No One Can Shut 
Never give up on your dreams. Never hesitate to chase your dreams. Love every aspect of life.
Pro 14:12  There's a way of life that looks harmless enough; look again--it leads straight to hell.
There is nothing more precious in this life than having big dreams and working towards those dreams.
When You Come Up Empty 
It’s Possible! Your Dream It’s Possible
Heb 3:13  For as long as it's still God's Today, keep each other on your toes so sin doesn't slow down your reflexes.
Pro 22:11 GOD loves the pure-hearted and well-spoken; good leaders also delight in their friendship.
My life isn't perfect, but I'm very thankful for everything I have.
"Nothing In My Hand" Pt 2/3 
Life is a roller-coaster. You can either scream every time you hit a bump or you can throw your hands up in the air and enjoy the moment.
Eph 5:20  Sing praises over everything, any excuse for a song to God the Father in the name of our Master, Jesus Christ.
Yoke Destroyer 
There is no obstacle too high, no problem too great. The power in you is greater than any power that’s trying to stop you.
Mar 1:18  They didn't ask questions. They dropped their nets and followed.
I may not be there yet, but I'm closer than I was yesterday.
Tit 1:16 They say they know God, but their actions speak louder than their words. They're real creeps, disobedient good-for-nothings.
Comrades, Confidants and Constituents 
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Ecc 9:17  The quiet words of the wise are more effective Than the ranting of a king of fools.
It is impossible to do anything of value with your life if you don't believe that your life has value.
Integrity Of God's Word 
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. - Flora Whittemore
Psa 118:15  Hear the shouts, hear the triumph songs in the camp of the saved? "The hand of GOD has turned the tide!
Pro 3:33 GOD's curse blights the house of the wicked, but he blesses the home of the righteous.
"The sound body is the product of the sound mind." - George Bernard Shaw
A Changed Mindset: Pt 1 
Pro 19:9  The person who tells lies gets caught; the person who spreads rumors is ruined.
"If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and stare." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Jesus Our Advocate  
Stay focused on happiness. Every day is a new beginning. Stay true to your beliefs.
1Jn 5:21 Dear children, be on guard against all clever facsimiles.
Psa 64:9  Everyone sees it. God's work is the talk of the town.
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
Hour Of Power 2 
You can motivate by fear, &amp; u can motivate by reward. But both those are temporary. Th only lasting thing is self motivation.-Homer Rice
Luk 24:53  They spent all their time in the Temple praising God. Yes.
Fight for the life that you want. Believe in the positivity of your future. Believe in the positivity of your future.
Taking Responsibility for Your Journey 
With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble. Courage leads to integrity.
Pro 24:23  It's wrong, very wrong, to go along with injustice.
Pro 22:24 Don't hang out with angry people; don't keep company with hotheads.
Breaking Free of Wilderness Mindsets 
Be happy, be optimistic, seek success, and make your dreams come true one by one.
Psa 36:6 His purpose titanic, his verdicts oceanic. Yet in his largeness nothing gets lost;Not a man, not a mouse, slips through the cracks
Always keep fighting for what you believe in. Never be afraid of life. Aspire to do more with your life.
My Time For Joy 
Aspire to achieve. Don't let negative people influence you. Never let anyone make you feel inferior.
Pro 11:8  A good person is saved from much trouble; a bad person runs straight into it.
Ask and it will be given to you. Seek and you will find. Knock and it will be opened for you - Luke 11:9
Pro 15:8 GOD can't stand pious poses, but he delights in genuine prayers.
The Prosperous Life 
No one can do for you what you can do for you. Avoid distractions. Never let anyone make you feel inferior.
Pro 6:9  So how long are you going to laze around doing nothing? How long before you get out of bed?
Jesus' Blood Cries Forgiveness, Righteousness And Peace  
You ask [in prayer] but don't receive it because you ask wrongly, wanting to squander it on pleasure -James 4:3
Pro 25:21  If you see your enemy hungry, go buy him lunch; if he's thirsty, bring him a drink.
If we confess our sins… he may forgive us for our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness - 1 John 1:9
Psa 89:9 You put the arrogant ocean in its place and calm its waves when they turn unruly.
What Is Honor? 
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes. - St. Clement
Joh 14:6  Jesus said, "I am the Road, also the Truth, also the Life. No one gets to the Father apart from me.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Changed by Grace 
Psa 5:8  Waiting for directions to get me safely through enemy lines.
Those that talk down to you are just trying to walk tall by making you feel small. Rise above.
Psa 115:2 Do it so none of the nations can say, "Where now, oh where is their God?"
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
Neither Do I Condemn You 
Rom 6:8  If we get included in Christ's sin-conquering death, we also get included in his life-saving resurrection.
Start thinking bigger, praying bigger, expecting bigger. This is a new day. God wants to take you where you’ve never been.
Walking In The Light Series: Running To God Pt.2 
Psa 119:98  Your commands give me an edge on my enemies; they never become obsolete.
Be audacious. Build a life based on success. Be courageous.
Mat 13:41 The Son of Man will send his angels, weed out the thistles from his kingdom,
Understanding Creation: Pt 1 
Be positive. Work hard for your dreams. Define your life from a positive perspective.
1Pe 3:10  Whoever wants to embrace life and see the day fill up with good, Here's what you do: Say nothing evil or hurtful;
"Chance favours those in motion." - James Austin
Praise Opens The Door To Grace 
"Good things come to those that wait, but only the things left by those that hustle." - Chris Gorman
Psa 71:6  I've hung on you from the day of my birth, the day you took me from the cradle; I'll never run out of praise.
Psa 49:7 Really! There's no such thing as self-rescue, pulling yourself up by your bootstraps.
I respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down.
Uncover the Word 
It's not about who hurt you &amp; broke you down. It's about who was always there to make you smile again.
Psa 5:7  And here I am, your invited guest-- it's incredible! I enter your house; here I am, prostrate in your inner sanctum!
Do not boast about tomorrow, for you do not know what a day may bring forth. -Proverbs 27:1
Giving God your all  
To hope for what you have seen is not hope - Romans 8:24
Psa 4:3  Look at this: look Who got picked by GOD! He listens the split second I call to him.
Ja 2:26 The very moment you separate body and spirit,you end up with a corpse.Separate faith and works and you get the same thing: a corpse
"It doesn't matter if I don't succeed in something, what matters is that I learn from my mistakes." - Linda Evans
Fearless Sermon Series 5 
Job 8:7  Even though you're not much right now, you'll end up better than ever.
Don't ever settle for average. Average is just as close to the bottom as it is to the top...
Drink Or Die 
7th Blessing 
Create Your Space Pt 1 
Things might not have turned out the way you thought. But that’s not the end. A season of joy is coming.
Pro 25:11  The right word at the right time is like a custom-made piece of jewelry,
Don't worry if you're single. God is looking at you right now, saying, "I'm saving this one for someone special"
Psa 34:17 Is anyone crying for help? GOD is listening, ready to rescue you.
The Mouth  
Never shy away from adversity. Life is beautiful. Chase all of your dreams.
1Ti 6:4
Be willing to listen to others and be teachable. You're not right about everything…nobody is.
The Right View of Greatness 
God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.
Psa 18:44  The moment they got wind of me they listened. The foreign devils gave up;
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." - Albert Einstein
Job 8:5 Here's what you must do--and don't put it off any longer: Get down on your knees before God Almighty.
How Faith Works - The Classics 
"Small opportunities are often the beginnings of great enterprises." - Demosthenes
Pro 16:4  GOD made everything with a place and purpose; even the wicked are included--but for judgment.
"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best." - Epictetus
Don't Tell God What You Heard! 
Life is God's novel. Let him write it. -Isaac Bashevis Singer
Gal 5:8  This detour doesn't come from the One who called you into the race in the first place.
Psa 146:4 Mere humans don't have what it takes; when they die, their projects die with them.
Lord. Turn your ear toward me. Listen to my words - Psalm 17:3
Just One More Time 
Psa 46:11  Jacob-wrestling God fights for us, GOD of angel armies protects us.
Don't be an echo, be a voice.
A Restored Man: Pt 2  
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. - Thomas A. Edison
Luk 11:35  Keep your eyes open, your lamp burning, so you don't get musty and murky.
Ecc 7:1 A good reputation is better than a fat bank account. Your death date tells more than your birth date.
"All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do." - Author Unknown
Right Thinking  
Be fit. Focus on your own future. Be original. Turn your ambitions into real action.
Psa 37:29  The good get planted on good land and put down healthy roots.
Fit in God's Design 
"In youth we learn, in age we understand." - Marie von Ebner- Eschenbach
Pro 28:24  Anyone who robs father and mother and says, "So, what's wrong with that?" is worse than a pirate.
Rom 4:7 Fortunate those whose crimes are carted off, whose sins are wiped clean from the slate.
No matter how far you go in the wrong direction, there's always a chance to turn your life around :]
Understanding The Gift of The Gift 
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
Psa 75:6  He's the One from east to west; from desert to mountains, he's the One.
Overlook the offenses, and keep doing the right thing. In the end you’ll be vindicated, promoted, and honored.
I'll Win In The End: Pt2 
Keep going, keep striving, keep climbing, keep clawing.
Psa 145:2  I'll bless you every day, and keep it up from now to eternity.
Pro 19:20 Take good counsel and accept correction-- that's the way to live wisely and well.
Joseph Sold Into Slavery 
We do not remember days. We remember moments.
Php 3:16  Now that we're on the right track, let's stay on it.
"I believe that every person is born with talent." - Maya Angelou
Son of Righteousness 
Action speaks louder than words. But there comes a time wherein words speaks clearer than actions.
1Ti 5:25  The same with good deeds. Some you see right off, but none are hidden forever.
Never back down. Be brave. Stay focused on the positive.
Php 3:14 I'm off and running, and I'm not turning back.
Get Ready For Battle 3 
I leave you peace. I give you my own peace. But I don’t give it to you like the world gives it - John 14:27
Mar 15:26  The charge against him--THE KING OF THE JEWS--was printed on a poster.
The Spirit Of Honor Part 1 
The Dimension Of Kings -Pt.1 
Whoever claims to remain in [Christ] must live as he lived - 1 John 2:6
1Th 5:22  Throw out anything tainted with evil.
You're going to make mistakes. The most important thing is that you learn from them, and move on.
Rom 10:11 Scripture reassures us, "No one who trusts God like this--heart and soul--will ever regret it."
When Jesus is in the House 
Enlarge your vision. Determine in your heart that you’ll take new ground. Step into the wide-open, spacious life.
Tit 3:10  Warn a quarrelsome person once or twice, but then be done with him.
"The past has no power over the present moment." - Eckhart Tolle
Walking In The Light Series: Running To God: Pt 1 
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
Pro 3:1  Good friend, don't forget all I've taught you; take to heart my commands.
Pro 17:18 It's stupid to try to get something for nothing, or run up huge bills you can never pay.
God's promise of Protection Part 2 
Avoid negative habits. Embrace yourself. Believe in the possibility.
Joh 15:13  This is the very best way to love. Put your life on the line for your friends.
"Our attitude is the crayon that colours our world." - Allen Klein
Control 
As long as there is breath in me, I will persist. I know one of the greatest principles on success; if I persist long enough, I will succeed
Psa 107:20  He spoke the word that healed you, that pulled you back from the brink of death.
Gal 2:5 We didn't give them the time of day. We were determined to preserve the truth of the Message for you.
The Roles of a Responsible Husband in a Home Pt.1 
Need Help? Ask God. 
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted.
Mat 4:11  The Test was over. The Devil left. And in his place, angels! Angels came and took care of Jesus' needs.
When we are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control us.
Your Words 
Be strong and of good courage, do not fear... for it is the Lord your God who goes with you. -Deuteronomy 31.6
Pro 20:3  It's a mark of good character to avert quarrels, but fools love to pick fights.
"Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness." - Napoleon Hill
Luk 6:27 "To you who are ready for the truth, I say this: Love your enemies. Let them bring out the best in you, not the worst.
Live Before You Die 
Believe in your ability to achieve. Don't fall prey to the distractions. Focus on achieving your goals.
Heb 4:15 We don't have a priest who is out of touch with our reality.He's been through weakness &amp; testing,experienced it all,all but the si
Uncommon faith is radical faith. When you have this uncommon faith, you will see uncommon results.
God is Preparing the Way for Victory 
Remaining calm in adversity is a sign of great spiritual strength. No matter what's going on in your life right now, "Hold your peace!"
Mat 9:24  Jesus was abrupt: "Clear out! This girl isn't dead. She's sleeping." They told him he didn't know what he was talking about.
God will never ask you to give up something without giving you something better in return.
Col 3:25 The sullen servant who does shoddy work will be held responsible. Being Christian doesn't cover up bad work.
Eliminating Poverty: Pt1 
Surround yourself with people who have dreams, desire and ambition; they will help you push for and realize your own.
Act 3:6  Peter said, "I don't have a nickel to my name, but what I do have, I give you: In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, walk!"
NOT LIVING FOR APPROVAL 
Don't worry, be happy.
Psa 57:2  I call out to High God, the God who holds me together.
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Pro 28:20 Committed and persistent work pays off; get-rich-quick schemes are ripoffs.
Explosive blessings are coming in your way 
When God is all you have, this is the moment when you realize that God is all you need.
Rom 14:12  So tend to your knitting. You've got your hands full just taking care of your own life before God.
Make them holy by the truth; [God's] word is truth - John 17:17
Anger and Action 
Life is about moving on, accepting changes and looking forward to what makes you stronger and more complete.
Psa 119:151  But you're the closest of all to me, GOD, and all your judgments true.
[Some people] claim to know God, but by their works they deny it - Titus 1:16
1Pe 1:8 You never saw him, yet you love him. You still don't see him, yet you trust him--with laughter and singing.
Faith Is Superior To The Law 
By breaking the Law you dishonor God - Romans 2:23
Psa 119:29  Barricade the road that goes Nowhere; grace me with your clear revelation.
"Man imposes his own limitations, don't set any." - Anthony Baily
A Victorious Thanksgiving 
Learning to listen is the most valuable thing you can do. - Roger Love
Pro 29:2  When good people run things, everyone is glad, but when the ruler is bad, everyone groans.
Heb 3:14 If we can only keep our grip on the sure thing we started out with, we're in this with Christ for the long haul.
Billy Graham: Second Coming of Christ 
Make life fun, tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
Heb 12:16  Watch out for the Esau syndrome: trading away God's lifelong gift in order to satisfy a short-term appetite.
Serve the Lord with fear, &amp; rejoice with trembling. -Psalm 2:11
The Kingdom of Principle and Privilege 
Sometimes it's better to be kind than to be right. We do not always need an intelligent mind that speaks, just a patient heart that listens
Luk 17:17  Jesus said, "Were not ten healed? Where are the nine...?"
You will face and bear many defeats throughout life, but never let yourself be defeated.
Psa 144:3 I wonder why you care, GOD-- why do you bother with us at all?
Overcoming Worry and Anxiety 
Aspire to be the best that you can be. Every day is a new beginning. Always stay focused.
Luk 11:35  Keep your eyes open, your lamp burning, so you don't get musty and murky.
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
Victory is in your Hands 
Ecc 5:4 When you tell God you'll do something, do it--now. God takes no pleasure in foolish gabble. Vow it, then do it.
Sometimes you have to let go of something precious in order to get something priceless.
Pro 19:9  The person who tells lies gets caught; the person who spreads rumors is ruined.
Love life in all its beauty. Do what makes you happy. Stay determined.
Redeemed From Poverty, Sickness &amp;amp; Death: Pt. 3 
We joyfully thank the Father - Colossians 1:12 .
Give me Quality  
Always believe in your ability to achieve. Don't let negative people ruin your mood. Have a positive perspective.
Pro 21:17  You're addicted to thrills? What an empty life! The pursuit of pleasure is never satisfied.
I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him. -John 11:22
Psa 119:121 I stood up for justice and the right; don't leave me to the mercy of my oppressors.
Prayer &amp; Praise Pt 4 
Fight for a life of action, not a life of reaction.
Psa 135:3  Shout "Hallelujah!" because GOD's so good, sing anthems to his beautiful name.
Your future is yours, make it happen. Have faith in your life. Love every single moment of life.
The Fire The Light &amp;amp; The Glory: Pt 1 
Trust your gut instincts. Ignore all the negative people around you. Aspire to create.
Heb 8:12  They'll get to know me by being kindly forgiven, with the slate of their sins forever wiped clean.
Eph 5:16 Make the most of every chance you get. These are desperate times!
I tell you not to worry about your life. -Matthew 6:25
The Secret Of David: A Man After God's Own Heart 
Believe in your capabilities. Stay focused on your goals. Overcome your hesitations.
Psa 34:17  Is anyone crying for help? GOD is listening, ready to rescue you.
The Holy Spirit 
"Failure is impossible." - Susan B. Anthony
1Co 15:33 But don't fool yourselves. Don't let yourselves be poisoned by this anti-resurrection loose talk. "Bad company ruins good manners
Beloved, don’t imitate… evil. Instead, imitate good - 3 John 11
Psa 36:9 You're a fountain of cascading light, and you open our eyes to light.
Understanding Your Divine Assignment 
What Yahweh requires of you is to be just, to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God - Micah 6:8
Eph 4:18  They've refused for so long to deal with God that they've lost touch not only with God but with reality itself.
Making mistakes does not mean you're a failure. It just means you're trying and learning in life.
God is not Sloppy 
Always believe in yourself. Stay focused on the positive. Stay positive no matter what.
Heb 3:13  For as long as it's still God's Today, keep each other on your toes so sin doesn't slow down your reflexes.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to your courage.
Pro 27:4 We're blasted by anger and swamped by rage, but who can survive jealousy?
Pray for Kings and All in High Positions  
I have chosen you out of the world. Because of this, the world hates you. -John 15:19 (please retweet).
Pro 12:8  A person who talks sense is honored; airheads are held in contempt.
Doubt - The Friend of Fear 
It's okay to lose your pride over someone you love. Don't lose someone you love over your pride.
Pro 27:6  The wounds from a lover are worth it; kisses from an enemy do you in.
Fight for the things that mean most to you. Don't waste your time on nonsense. Work hard for what you love.
Heb 10:4 The plain fact is that bull and goat blood can't get rid of sin.
God Uses Ordinary People 
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
Psa 37:7  Quiet down before GOD, be prayerful before him. Don't bother with those who climb the ladder, who elbow their way to the top.
Be tough. Never pity yourself. Always push yourself to achieve more.
See Yourself As A Masterpiece 
Believe in your vision. Live every day with unbridled enthusiasm. Don't let your dreams stay dreams.
Act 23:3  Paul shot back, "God will slap you down! What a fake you are! You sit there and judge me by the Law and then break the Law by
Pro 20:19 Gossips can't keep secrets, so never confide in blabbermouths.
Say 'NO' To Your Feelings 
"With more success comes greater problems along with greater ability to solve them." - Mark Victor Hansen
Those who tell you to give in are liars.
1Pe 4:7  Everything in the world is about to be wrapped up, so take nothing for granted. Stay wide-awake in prayer.
Stay in the Game 
Faith, Hope, Charity (Love) 
Self-restraint &amp; gentle speech are effective against stubborn opposition.
Pro 17:9  Overlook an offense and bond a friendship; fasten on to a slight and--good-bye, friend!
Luk 5:5 Simon said, "Master, we've been fishing hard all night and haven't caught even a minnow. But if you say so, I'll let out the nets."
You can't control everything. Sometimes you just need to relax and have faith things will work out. Let go a little and let life happen.
Good Loving Dad 
Your dreams are not going to magically come true, you're going to have to go out and make them a reality.
Pro 4:2  I'm giving you good counsel; don't let it go in one ear and out the other.
"Living With Criticism" 
We all go through things in life that we don’t understand, but God uses the dark places. They’re a part of His divine plan.
Pro 20:11  Young people eventually reveal by their actions if their motives are on the up and up.
When we lose the right to be different, we lose the privilege to be free. - Charles Evans Hughes
Heb 13:14 This "insider world" is not our home. We have our eyes peeled for the City about to come.
When Grace Happens 
God is always with you:
Psa 121:2  No, my strength comes from GOD, who made heaven, and earth, and mountains.
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
Why Do I Feel the Way I Feel? 
You say I can't, but God says I can.
2Ti 4:7  This is the only race worth running. I've run hard right to the finish, believed all the way.
Psa 26:8 GOD, I love living with you; your house glows with your glory.
Laugh more, worry less.
The Priority of Jesus 
Psa 62:11  God said this once and for all; how many times Have I heard it repeated? "Strength comes Straight from God."
Determination today leads to success tomorrow.
The Little Foxes 
May you have joy and peace - 2 Corinthians 1:2
Psa 119:176  And should I wander off like a lost sheep--seek me! I'll recognize the sound of your voice!
"The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions." - Confucius
Col 1:14 ...the Son who got us out of the pit we were in, got rid of the sins we were doomed to keep repeating.
Forceful or Flexible 
Finding Answers: Pt 1 
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
1Ti 6:14  Keep this command to the letter, and don't slack off. Our Master, Jesus Christ, is on his way.
Living the Abundant Life 
"Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune, but great minds rise above them." - Washington Irving
Pro 15:23  Congenial conversation--what a pleasure! The right word at the right time--beautiful!
Psa 128:4 Stand in awe of God's Yes. Oh, how he blesses the one who fears GOD!
Never give up, not because you still have tomorrow to try, but because you may not have tomorrow to try.
Don't Worry Have Faith 
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Psa 148:1  Hallelujah! Praise GOD from heaven, praise him from the mountaintops;
Always make new goals. Love your life. Love your life with all your soul.
Why Are There Calamities In This World If God Is Love? 
Pro 24:5  It's better to be wise than strong; intelligence outranks muscle any day.
[Jesus] was with God in the beginning - John 1:2
1Pe 1:18 It cost God plenty to get you out of that dead-end, empty-headed life you grew up in.
Take the Lead BEFORE YOU DO 
"Life always waits for some crisis to occur before revealing itself at its most brilliant." - Paul Coelho
Heb 3:13  For as long as it's still God's Today, keep each other on your toes so sin doesn't slow down your reflexes.
Your Gonna Get A Whole Lot Out Of It 
"Faith is the function of the heart." - Mahatma Gandhi
Luk 1:53  The starving poor sat down to a banquet; the callous rich were left out in the cold.
Delight in the Lord’s teachings and meditate on them day and night - Psalm 1:2
Pro 14:12 There's a way of life that looks harmless enough; look again--it leads straight to hell.
Faith Your Life Force: Pt.1 
We’re not always going to be here. Live life to the full, with purpose &amp; passion, pursuing your dreams.
Psa 145:3  GOD is magnificent; he can never be praised enough. There are no boundaries to his greatness.
Laziness may appear attractive, but hard work gives satisfaction.
Leaving a Legacy  
Trust isn't given, trust is earned.
Rom 9:16  Compassion doesn't originate in our bleeding hearts or moral sweat, but in God's mercy.
Heb 8:2 ...conducting worship in the one true sanctuary built by God.
Steps to Total Restoration - Part 1 
Don’t be afraid and don’t be dismayed, for Yahweh your God is with you wherever you go - Joshua 1:9
Heb 2:5  God didn't put angels in charge of this business of salvation that we're dealing with here.
Retweet if you are thankful for something God has blessed you with today!
Focusing on missions 
A thousand times I've failed, still Your mercy remains.
1Th 4:14  Since Jesus died and broke loose from the grave, God will most certainly bring back to life those who died in Jesus.
Luk 21:14 Make up your mind right now not to worry about it.
Be Stable Pt. 1 
Sing your song. Dance your dance. Tell your tale.
Heb 7:22  This makes Jesus the guarantee of a far better way between us and God--one that really works! A new covenant.
Those who are hungry and thirsty for righteousness should be happy because they will be well fed - Mt 5:6 please retweet
Anywhere But Backwards 
Focus on your own goals. Focus on your own ambitions. Life is a success-seeking adventure.
Pro 29:17  Discipline your children; you'll be glad you did-- they'll turn out delightful to live with.
Psa 118:23 This is GOD's work. We rub our eyes--we can hardly believe it!
Relationships - Making It work! 
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C. S. Lewis
2Ti 2:7  Think it over. God will make it all plain.
People who consider themselves victims of their circumstances will always remain victims unless they develop a greater vision for their life
Seven Hindrances to Prayer- Part 2 
A TRUE friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas over &amp; over again.
Psa 18:16  But me he caught--reached all the way from sky to sea; he pulled me out Of that ocean of hate.
Obey the message; don’t just listen to it and thus delude yourselves - James 1:22
Pro 2:22 The corrupt will lose their lives; the dishonest will be gone for good.
Filled with the Holy Spirit 
Jesus said, "The earth will pass away, but my words certainly won't pass away" - Mark 13:31
Psa 5:8  Waiting for directions to get me safely through enemy lines.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
The Faithfulness Test 
Be goal-oriented. Stay focused no matter what. Believe in the power of your dreams.
Heb 6:12  Don't drag your feet. Be like those who stay the course with committed faith and then get everything promised to them.
Respect is earned, Honesty is appreciated, Love is gained, and Loyalty is returned.
Pro 5:23 Death is the reward of an undisciplined life; your foolish decisions trap you in a dead end.
A Towel In My Hand Pt 4 
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off.
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Ecc 4:9  It's better to have a partner than go it alone. Share the work, share the wealth.
Success isn't the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you're doing and you work hard you will be successful.
The presence of the Holy Spirit Part 2 
For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God. -Eph 2:8
Pro 10:30  Good people last--they can't be moved; the wicked are here today, gone tomorrow.
Pro 14:19 Eventually, evil will pay tribute to good; the wicked will respect God-loyal people.
Passionate About Good Life 
You have tested us, God, refining us like silver is refined - Psalm 66:10
Psa 60:5  Now do something quickly, answer right now, so the one you love best is saved.
Fight for your hopes and dreams. Be bold. Fight for your future.
The Living Word Pt 1 
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
Pro 30:11  Don't curse your father or fail to bless your mother.
Eph 4:29 Watch the way you talk. Let nothing foul or dirty come out of your mouth. Say only what helps, each word a gift.
Your Mandate To Pray Pt.2 
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Psa 104:34  Oh, let my song please him; I'm so pleased to be singing to GOD.
You need somebody speaking faith into you. Be around people with faith, joy and victory.
The Value of a Soul 
"It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed." - Napoleon Hill
Psa 96:3  Take the news of his glory to the lost, News of his wonders to one and all!
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
Psa 30:6 When things were going great I crowed, "I've got it made.
This will the Best Year 2014 
Don't worry; it never helps anything. • Pray • Trust God • Let it go
Mat 11:29 Walk with me &amp; work with me,watch how I do it.Learn the unforced rhythms of grace.I won't lay anything heavy or ill-fitting on yo
The Service 
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Php 4:21  Give our regards to every Christian you meet. Our friends here say hello.
I would rather have an honest enemy, than a fake friend.
2Co 1:21 God affirms us, making us a sure thing in Christ, putting his Yes within us.
The Leader in You 
Anybody can throw stones. Anybody can find fault and be critical. Rise higher and be the person that will overlook shortcomings.
Pro 22:14  The mouth of a whore is a bottomless pit; you'll fall in that pit if you're on the outs with GOD.
"A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say." - Italo Calvino
The presence of the Holy Spirit 
One of the good things about goodbye, is that it means you're a little closer to a new hello.
Luk 24:48  You're the first to hear and see it. You're the witnesses.
"View life as a continuous learning experience." - Denis Waitley
Luk 5:36 "No one cuts up a fine silk scarf to patch old work clothes; you want fabrics that match.
Take The Risk: Pt 3 
All of us at some time will go through a dark place. But don’t get discouraged &amp; give up on your dreams—that’s not the end.
Pro 14:5  A true witness never lies; a false witness makes a business of it.
Never give up on your dreams. Fight for the things that make you happy. Always keep fighting for what you believe in.
Psa 85:7 Show us how much you love us, GOD! Give us the salvation we need!
One Life: Pt1 
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Joh 11:22  Even now, I know that whatever you ask God he will give you."
Every word of God is proven. He is a shield to those who take refuge in him - Proverbs 30:5
For Judgement I Came into This World 
Live life like an adventure. Always make new goals. Never be afraid of life.
Luk 17:19  Then he said to him, "Get up. On your way. Your faith has healed and saved you."
Speak Faith into Your Future 
If you will make somebody else’s day, God will always make your day.
Psa 94:17  If GOD hadn't been there for me, I never would have made it.
Embrace yourself. Embrace the positive. Believe in your ability to achieve.
Jas 3:9 With our tongues we bless God our Father; with the same tongues we curse the very men and women he made in his image.
I MISS YOU 
Peacemakers should be happy for they‘ll be called God's children - Matthew 5:9
Psa 6:8  Get out of here, you Devil's crew: at last GOD has heard my sobs.
Worry less, smile more. Don't regret, just learn and grow.
Boars in God's Vineyard 
Ecc 3:16  I took another good look at what's going on: The very place of judgment--corrupt!
Be creative. Chase all of your dreams. Aspire to be the best that you can be.
Psa 18:19 He stood me up on a wide-open field; I stood there saved--surprised to be loved!
Satan The Blood is Against You 
There is a giant asleep within every man. When the giant awakes, miracles happen. - Frederick Schiller Faust
Psa 119:96  I see the limits to everything human, but the horizons can't contain your commands!
On the forefront of your mind should not be, “How can I get blessed?” but rather, “How can I be a blessing?”
Your Faith Will Get You Through The Storm 
You're capable of far more than you know. Don't be afraid to unleash your greatness.
1Pe 2:18  You who are servants, be good servants to your masters--not just to good masters, but also to bad ones.
Job 23:14 He'll complete in detail what he's decided about me, and whatever else he determines to do.
What is colonization? 
Be original. Never let anyone make you feel inferior. Believe in your dreams.
Mat 3:10  What counts is your life. Is it green and blossoming? Because if it's deadwood, it goes on the fire.
Always pray to have eyes that see the best, a heart that forgives the worst, a mind that forgets the bad, and a soul that never loses faith
Seeing Through Eyes of Love  
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Heb 4:16  So let's walk right up to him and get what he is so ready to give. Take the mercy, accept the help.
Avoid negative people. Believe in your capabilities. Ignore negative people.
Rom 8:18 That's why I don't think there's any comparison between the present hard times and the coming good times.
Healing School 
Stay emotionally positive. Be positively ambitious. Life is good.
Pro 11:17  When you're kind to others, you help yourself; when you're cruel to others, you hurt yourself.
Faith Works By Love  
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Pro 25:5  Remove the wicked from leadership and authority will be credible and God-honoring.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but of appreciating what we do have.
Psa 118:18 GOD tested me, he pushed me hard, but he didn't hand me over to Death.
Get Ready For Battle: Pt 1 
Don't make excuses...make progress.
Luk 17:18  "...Can none be found to come back and give glory to God except this outsider?"
The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.
Send The Holy Ghost 
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Eph 3:12  When we trust in him, we're free to say whatever needs to be said, bold to go wherever we need to go.
Mat 26:50 Jesus said, "Friend, why this charade?" Then they came on him--grabbed him and roughed him up.
The Spirit of Leadership 
Love yourself. Make every day count. Stay ambitious.
1Co 3:14  If your work passes inspection, fine;
Crying doesn't mean you're weak. Since birth, it's been a sign that you're alive.
Breaking Strongholds From the Past  
Focus on your dreams. Focus on your dreams. Stay focused on your own life.
Psa 119:85  The arrogant godless try to throw me off track, ignorant as they are of God and his ways.
Always smile at life. Be resilient. Stay focused on the things that matter to you.
Luk 18:42 Jesus said, "Go ahead--see again! Your faith has saved and healed you!"
Loving Unconditionally 
The task ahead of you is never greater than the strength within you.
Pro 18:6  The words of a fool start fights; do him a favor and gag him.
Ablaze for Eternity 
Expect nothing and accept everything and you will never be disappointed.
Psa 115:3  Our God is in heaven doing whatever he wants to do.
Pro 3:34 He gives proud skeptics a cold shoulder, but if you're down on your luck, he's right there to help.
"Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they can do when they stick together." - Vesta Kelly
Establishing Boundaries in Relationships 
Always believe in yourself. Ignore negative people. Never give up on yourself.
Mat 7:3  It's easy to see a smudge on your neighbor's face and be oblivious to the ugly sneer on your own.
[At the tomb of Lazarus,] Jesus burst into tears; so the Judeans said, “See how much he loved him!”—John 11:35-36
Encouraging Each Other at the End of the Age 
Turn your dreams into a reality. Work for your ambitions. Believe in your vision.
Psa 26:2  Examine me, GOD, from head to foot, order your battery of tests. Make sure I'm fit inside and out
Forget how much it hurts and just keep pressing on.
Luk 8:53 They laughed at him. They knew she was dead.
Conquering the Contradictions Pt 2 
If you can't stop thinking about it, never stop working for it.
Psa 84:12  It's smooth sailing all the way with GOD of the Angel Armies.
Who Needs the Baptism of the Holy Spirit 
"For myself I am an optimist it does not seem to be much use being anything else." - Winston Churchill
Pro 20:22  Don't ever say, "I'll get you for that!" Wait for GOD; he'll settle the score.
Mat 20:14 So take it and go. I decided to give to the one who came last the same as you.
The Prayer Of Petition and Supplication 
Be original. Never shy away from adversity. Positivity is its own reward.
1Pe 5:8  Keep a cool head. Stay alert. The Devil is poised to pounce, and would like nothing better than to catch you napping.
The Lord is favorable and deeply loving, slow to anger and extremely loyal - Psalm 145:8
Grace For Difficult Situations  
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence and face your future without fear.
Psa 100:1  On your feet now--applaud GOD!
Jesus said, “Whoever keeps my word will certainly not see death for eternity” - John 8:51
Rom 4:4 If you're a hard worker and do a good job, you deserve your pay; we don't call your wages a gift.
Overcoming Power Pt 1 
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
Pro 17:9  Overlook an offense and bond a friendship; fasten on to a slight and--good-bye, friend!
"Everyone needs to be valued. Everyone has the potential to give something back." - Diana Princess of Wales
Knowing Your Weak Points And Staying Covered 
I will never doubt that God has gotten me though every hard moment in my life.
Pro 29:2  When good people run things, everyone is glad, but when the ruler is bad, everyone groans.
1Th 4:7 God hasn't invited us into a disorderly,unkempt life but into something holy and beautiful,as beautiful on the inside as the outside
Don't Stop Looking For It Pt.2  
Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential.
Rom 2:2  But God isn't so easily diverted. He sees right through all such smoke screens and holds you to what you've done.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
Uncomfortable and Irritated 
Shallow men believe in luck, strong men believe in cause and effect.
Col 1:14  ...the Son who got us out of the pit we were in, got rid of the sins we were doomed to keep repeating.
2Co 3:12 With that kind of hope to excite us, nothing holds us back.
Tell the Devil I Changed My Mind - Pt. 1 
I Got This 
[God,] disgrace and confuse those who seek my life. Turn back and dishonour those who want evil for me - Psalm 70:2
Pro 26:22  Listening to gossip is like eating cheap candy; do you want junk like that in your belly?
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Love Conquers Fear 
Do not seek the world. Seek Peace, Seek Truth, Seek Love, Seek Christ.
Mat 9:17  And you don't put your wine in cracked bottles."
Mat 12:49 He then stretched out his hand toward his disciples. "Look closely. These are my mother and brothers.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Your Best 10 Minutes -Lesson 3 
"Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction." - Al Bernstein
Pro 10:22  GOD's blessing makes life rich; nothing we do can improve on God.
Kingdom Faith - Successful Living 
We know that [Jesus] really is the Savior of the world. -John 4:42
Luk 12:5  Save your fear for God, who holds your entire life--body and soul--in his hands.
"To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom." - Bertrand Russell
Luk 19:38 Blessed is he who comes, the king in God's name! All's well in heaven! Glory in the high places!
Why Should Christians Suffer? Pt 3 
Dream it. Believe it. Achieve it.
Pro 19:18  Discipline your children while you still have the chance; indulging them destroys them.
The Importance of Quiet Time 
I am the Alpha and the Omega, says the Lord God, "who is &amp; who was &amp; who is to come, the Almighty." -Revelation 1:8
Pro 3:11  But don't, dear friend, resent GOD's discipline; don't sulk under his loving correction.
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has gone, the new has come! -2Corinthians 5:17
Pro 21:15 Good people celebrate when justice triumphs, but for the workers of evil it's a bad day.
God Can Turn It Around Part 2 
My Praise Produces The Anointing  
Born Again- Dr.Billy Graham 
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get into your heart.
Psa 31:5  I've put my life in your hands. You won't drop me, you'll never let me down.
You deserve everything that you're willing to work for. Believe in the positivity of your future. Fear nothing.
Straight talk about tithes 
Great men are not always wise - Job 32:9
2Co 4:17  These hard times are small potatoes compared to the coming good times, the lavish celebration prepared for us.
Mat 19:27 Then Peter chimed in, "We left everything and followed you. What do we get out of it?"
No Lack 
I play because I love the game. I work hard because I love to win.
1Th 2:19  Who do you think we're going to be proud of when our Master Jesus appears if it's not you?
You can make any dream come true if you are willing to put in the hours.
You Dont Understand 
"All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers." - Orison Swett Marden.
Mat 15:19  It's from the heart that we vomit up evil arguments, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, lies, and cussing.
Eph 5:24 So just as the church submits to Christ as he exercises such leadership, wives should likewise submit to their husbands.
Love always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. -1Corinthians 13:7
The Power Has Been Transferred: Pt 1 
Even fools seem smart when they are quiet. -Proverbs 17:28
Psa 5:11 But you'll welcome us with open arms when we run for cover to you. Let the party last all night! Stand guard over our celebration.
The Three Steps To Victory 
Pressing In to a New Beginning - Pt 2 
"If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there" - George Harrison
Job 22:22  Let him tell you what to do; take his words to heart.
Don't let a hard lesson harden your heart.
Pro 31:20 She's quick to assist anyone in need, reaches out to help the poor.
Extra-Biblical Revelation 
I may not always be perfect, but I'm always me.
Psa 34:18  If your heart is broken, you'll find GOD right there; if you're kicked in the gut, he'll help you catch your breath.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
The Power of Doing More than Expected 
I BELIEVE IN BEING STRONG WHEN EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG. - Audrey Hepburn
1Th 5:22  Throw out anything tainted with evil.
1Ti 4:15 Cultivate these things. Immerse yourself in them. The people will all see you mature right before their eyes!
A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
Fasting For His Presence 
Psa 119:108  Festoon me with your finest sayings, GOD; teach me your holy rules.
Your gift may seem small, but don’t discount it. You’ve been given something unique that’ll propel you into your destiny.
Fearless Sermon Pt 3  
I’m becoming like [Christ] in his death - Philippians 3:10
Heb 8:13  In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Pro 15:29 GOD keeps his distance from the wicked; he closely attends to the prayers of God-loyal people.
Kingdom Faith - Successful Living Beyond The Tests: Pt 1 
He laid down his life for us. And we should lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters - 1 John 3:16
Mar 7:8  "Ditching God's command and taking up the latest fads."
You Can't Give Me What's Already Mine 
"Genius without education is like silver in the mine." - Benjamin Franklin
You don’t have to have great faith in order for something great to happen. Even small faith can move a mountain.
Ecc 7:22  You've done that a few times, haven't you--said things Behind someone's back you wouldn't say to his face?
Pro 16:30 A shifty eye betrays an evil intention; a clenched jaw signals trouble ahead.
Be A Blessing to Others 
Stop looking at your past and start looking toward your future.
Luk 18:42  Jesus said, "Go ahead--see again! Your faith has saved and healed you!"
"A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist." - Eleanor Roosevelt
Criticism! 
The past is behind, Learn from it. The future is ahead, Prepare for it. The present is here, Live it!!
Heb 10:23  Let's keep a firm grip on the promises that keep us going. He always keeps his word.
Act 8:29 The Spirit told Philip, "Climb into the chariot."
Jacob Reunites With Esau 
When This Dad Gets Taken Hostage By His Baby The Results Are Hilarious.
Mar 16:15  Then he said, "Go into the world. Go everywhere and announce the Message of God's good news to one and all.
"The less you want, the richer you are. The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you'll be." - Yanni
There's more to your story 
Pro 26:28 Liars hate their victims; flatterers sabotage trust.
Leadership is the challenge to be something more than average.
Mar 16:16  Whoever believes and is baptized is saved; whoever refuses to believe is damned.
Once in a Life Time 
Always remain positive. Believe in the positivity of your future. Be ambitious
Pro 13:5  A good person hates false talk; a bad person wallows in gibberish.
Chase all of your dreams. Fight for the things that make you happy. Be healthy.
The Principles of Relationships 
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." - Elbert Hubbard
Psa 37:17  For the wicked are moral weaklings but the righteous are GOD-strong.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Pro 29:25 The fear of human opinion disables; trusting in GOD protects you from that.
Prosperity: God's Will  
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
1Ti 2:5  that there's one God and only one, and one Priest-Mediator between God and us--Jesus,
A Prayer Of Repentance 
Love your enemies and pray for your persecutors - Mt 5:44
Psa 99:5  Honor GOD, our God; worship his rule! Holy. Yes, holy.
It’s not over. You’ve got to get in agreement with God. Start dreaming again. Start believing again. Start expecting again.
Joh 4:29 "Come see a man who knew all about the things I did, who knows me inside and out. Do you think this could be the Messiah?"
An Occupational Hazard for All in Ministry 
If life was easy, we would be bored, thats why we are faced with challenges everyday, so that we can work to make ourselves happy.
Luk 18:17  Mark this: Unless you accept God's kingdom in the simplicity of a child, you'll never get in."
Avoid the negative. No matter what, never give up. Love every aspect of life.
Understanding The Darkside: Pt 2 
Stay focused on your goals. Believe in your hopes. Aspire to do more with your life.
Mat 6:21  It's obvious, isn't it? The place where your treasure is, is the place you will most want to be, and end up being.
Gal 6:5 Each of you must take responsibility for doing the creative best you can with your own life.
Revival Conference 2012 
You've got to keep trying, no matter how many times you fail.
Luk 17:17  Jesus said, "Were not ten healed? Where are the nine...?"
Fight for the things that matter to you. Turn your ambitions into real action. Turn your ambitions into real action.
Abraham Dies, Jacob &amp; Esau Born 
Thank you Lord for loving me.
Php 4:21  Give our regards to every Christian you meet. Our friends here say hello.
"Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble." - John Madden
2Pe 2:22 They prove the point of the proverbs, "A dog goes back to its own vomit," and, "A scrubbed-up pig heads for the mud."
Kingdom Commonwealth Concept of Access 
I kept to the Lord’s paths. I didn’t wrongly depart from my God - Psalm 18:21
Ecc 9:18  Wisdom is better than warheads, But one hothead can ruin the good earth.
Always keep trying. Believe in your hopes. Avoid negative feelings.
Force Of Faith 
Always remain positive. Motivate yourself. Be goal-oriented.
Psa 119:8  I'm going to do what you tell me to do; don't ever walk off and leave me.
Psa 75:7 God rules: he brings this one down to his knees, pulls that one up on her feet.
"To get what you want, STOP doing what isn't working." - Dennis Weaver
Fearless Sermon Series 9 
Happy is the man who can do only one thing; in doing it, he fulfills his destiny.
2Pe 2:22  They prove the point of the proverbs, "A dog goes back to its own vomit," and, "A scrubbed-up pig heads for the mud."
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
How Faith Is Released 
Pro 14:12  There's a way of life that looks harmless enough; look again--it leads straight to hell.
"When you believe a thing, believe it all the way, implicitly and unquestionably." - Walt Disney
Pro 14:1 Lady Wisdom builds a lovely home; Sir Fool comes along and tears it down brick by brick.
Don't feed trash to your mind 
He who believes in the Son has eternal life; but he who does not obey the Son will not see life, but the wrath of God abides on him. Jn 3:36
Joh 15:13  This is the very best way to love. Put your life on the line for your friends.
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
The Power Of Faith Filled Words 
SMILE, It will make you look better. PRAY, it will keep you strong. LOVE, it will make you enjoy life.
Mar 7:8  "Ditching God's command and taking up the latest fads."
"When you meet a man, you judge him by his clothes; when you leave, you judge him by his heart." - Russian Proverb
Psa 22:19 You, GOD--don't put off my rescue! Hurry and help me!
Present Your Bodies as a living sacrifice  
God created humanity in his image. In God’s image he created them. Male and female, he created them - Genesis 1:27
Psa 25:4  Show me how you work, GOD; School me in your ways.
No matter where you are, you’re not supposed to stay stuck at that level. There’s something bigger in your future.
Get Over It 
"At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet." - Plato
Gal 6:3  If you think you are too good for that, you are badly deceived.
Pro 17:22 A cheerful disposition is good for your health; gloom and doom leave you bone-tired.
Tithing 
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.
Psa 60:11  Give us help for the hard task; human help is worthless.
Follow God's lead. He will never direct you wrong.
Live in Grace by Understanding Forgiveness 
No one can do for you what you can do for you. Be creative. Don't waste your time on nonsense.
Act 12:24  Meanwhile, the ministry of God's Word grew by leaps and bounds.
Pro 16:6 Guilt is banished through love and truth; Fear-of-GOD deflects evil.
"Don't let schooling interfere with your education." - Mark Twain
Gods Plans for us are Good 
Be fit. Aspire to achieve. Don't waste your life on nonsense. Life is a success-seeking adventure.
1Co 14:32  If you choose to speak, you're also responsible for how and when you speak.
HOLES 
"All glory comes from daring to begin." - William Shakespeare
Pro 22:12  GOD guards knowledge with a passion, but he'll have nothing to do with deception.
Keep on dreaming, keep on climbing, keep on trying.
Psa 118:22 The stone the masons discarded as flawed is now the capstone!
Jacob Steals Esau's Blessing 
A life without dreams is like a body without a soul.
Mat 5:8  "You're blessed when you get your inside world--your mind and heart--put right. Then you can see God in the outside world.
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"These Are They" Pt 3/3 
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. - Kurt Vonnegut
Act 4:11  Jesus is 'the stone you masons threw out, which is now the cornerstone.'
Psa 51:13 Give me a job teaching rebels your ways so the lost can find their way home.
Look at the kindness and the severity of God 
LOVE THE LORD YOUR GOD - with all your heart - with all your soul - with all your strength
Pro 25:21  If you see your enemy hungry, go buy him lunch; if he's thirsty, bring him a drink.
I believe that good things come to those who work. -Wilt Chamberlain
You Are Needed, Missed, and Loved 
"A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business." - Henry Ford
Mat 7:1  "Don't pick on people, jump on their failures, criticize their faults--unless, of course, you want the same treatment.
Rom 13:5 That's why you must live responsibly--not just to avoid punishment but also because it's the right way to live.
Religious Repentance 
Take care of your minutes and the hours will take care of themselves.
Pro 28:6  It's better to be poor and direct than rich and crooked.
I sought the LORD, and He answered me, and delivered me from all my fears. -Psalm 34:4
Joyce Meyer: The Anointing - Pt 2 
Fight for your dreams, claw for your successes, and whatever you do, never ever give up.
Pro 11:27  The one who seeks good finds delight; the student of evil becomes evil.
Whoever harps on a matter separates best friends - Proverbs 17:9
Pro 13:9 The lives of good people are brightly lit streets; the lives of the wicked are dark alleys.
Revival: Visions and Dreams 
Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
Psa 34:22  GOD pays for each slave's freedom; no one who runs to him loses out.
Look at the bright side, and feel happy, and want success in your life.
Uncovering the Truths of the Book of Revelation 2/2 
Ecc 4:9 It's better to have a partner than go it alone. Share the work, share the wealth.
Patience is not about waiting, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting.
Gal 2:7  It was soon evident that God had entrusted me with the same message to the non-Jews as Peter had been preaching to the Jews.
What's Killing Relationships &amp; How To Repair Them 
The life you experience will largely depend on what you notice and focus on. Whether good or bad, it's up to you.
Mat 9:16  He went on, "No one cuts up a fine silk scarf to patch old work clothes; you want fabrics that match.
You had a bad day? So what? There's still plenty of days ahead that we can turn into good days! Keep your mood up!
How To Honor Your Wife 
Yahweh is my strength and song and he has become my salvation - Isaiah 12:2
Pro 13:3  Careful words make for a careful life; careless talk may ruin everything.
Pro 11:18 Bad work gets paid with a bad check; good work gets solid pay.
Don't play for the fame. Play for the love of the game.
The presence of the Holy Spirit Part 6 
Protect me, God, when I take refuge in you - Psalm 16:1
Php 4:19  And my God will liberally supply ([9] fill to the full) your every need according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
Be patient until the Lord‘s coming - James 5:7
Prayer Teaching: Pt.3 
"Instinct is untaught ability." - Alexander Bain
Jas 2:24  Is it not evident that a person is made right with God not by a barren faith but by faith fruitful in works?
Pro 4:25 Keep your eyes straight ahead; ignore all sideshow distractions.
Let Not Your Heart Be Troubled Pt.4  
Every test in our life makes us bitter or better. Every problem comes to break us or make us.The choice is yours be the victim or the victor
Gal 2:7  It was soon evident that God had entrusted me with the same message to the non-Jews as Peter had been preaching to the Jews.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
Real Marriage: New Marriage, Same Spouse 
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Pro 27:17  You use steel to sharpen steel, and one friend sharpens another.
2Co 4:14 And what we believe is that the One who raised up the Master Jesus will just as certainly raise us up with you, alive.
THE KINGDOM AND THE DANGER OF TRADITION 
"To think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted." - George Kneller
Mat 9:37  "What a huge harvest!" he said to his disciples. "How few workers!
Prayer isn't to remind God what your problems are, but prayer is to remind your problems who God is.
The Anointing PT 1 
Ask yourself what is really important and then have the courage to build your life around your answer.
Psa 38:22  Hurry and help me; I want some wide-open space in my life!
Make positive choices and you will live a positive life.
Pro 18:24 Friends come and friends go, but a true friend sticks by you like family.
You Do Not Know What Tomorrow Will Bring 
You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is habit. -Vince Lombardi
Psa 119:134  Rescue me from the grip of bad men and women so I can live life your way.
The seed Covenant Relationship With God 
Fight for the things that matter to you. Stay focused on what truly matters. Believe in the possibility.
Mat 20:14  So take it and go. I decided to give to the one who came last the same as you.
Pro 18:14 A healthy spirit conquers adversity, but what can you do when the spirit is crushed?
NOW Is The Time Of Salvation And Every Blessing! 
"In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn." - Phil Collins
Joh 15:14  You are my friends when you do the things I command you.
Surely he has taken our grief and carried our sorrows. Yet we esteemed him stricken, struck by God - Isaiah 53:4
Show Me 
Be strong when you are weak, brave when you are scared and humble when you are victorious.
Pro 14:32  The evil of bad people leaves them out in the cold; the integrity of good people creates a safe place for living.
Psa 5:12 You are famous, GOD, for welcoming God-seekers, for decking us out in delight.
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another." - William James
God will bring Justice in your Life 
Jas 4:9  Hit bottom, and cry your eyes out. The fun and games are over. Get serious, really serious.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
Job's Advice to a Seminary Student 
Women are held to a higher standard we're vessels of life, love and encouragement. Stand up and meet that virtuous standard -YOU ARE WORTHY!
Pro 28:24  Anyone who robs father and mother and says, "So, what's wrong with that?" is worse than a pirate.
Ecc 7:17 But don't press your luck by being bad, either. And don't be reckless. Why die needlessly?
The Soul Of A Man Part 2 
Be resilient. Believe in the positivity of life. Always look at the bright side.
Luk 2:30  With my own eyes I've seen your salvation;
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing.
The Garden Of Eden. 
"Act as if it were impossible to fail." - Dorothea Brande
Psa 34:17  Is anyone crying for help? GOD is listening, ready to rescue you.
Pro 11:1 GOD hates cheating in the marketplace; he loves it when business is aboveboard.
Cornerstone 
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Ecc 12:13  The last and final word is this: Fear God. Do what he tells you.
"Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time." - Rabindranath Tagore
Pressing On  
Pro 27:6  The wounds from a lover are worth it; kisses from an enemy do you in.
Remember, when you judge someone, you don't define them, you define yourself.
Eph 5:25 Husbands, go all out in your love for your wives, exactly as Christ did for the church--a love marked by giving, not getting.
Integrity / Humility 
Looking back, makes me smart. Looking forward, makes me mature. Looking down, makes me wise. Looking UP, makes me strong.
Psa 105:15  "Don't you dare lay a hand on my anointed, don't hurt a hair on the heads of my prophets."
It is your attitude at the beginning of a task that determines success or failure.
Baptism of The Holy Spirit 
Isn't it ironic: - We ignore the ones that adore us - Adore the ones who ignore us - Love the ones who hurt us - Hurt the ones that love us
Pro 13:7 A pretentious, showy life is an empty life; a plain and simple life is a full life.
Php 3:17  Stick with me, friends. Keep track of those you see running this same course, headed for this same goal.
Work hard. Focus on your own life. Work for your dreams.
The High Cost Of Low Living (Pt1) 
Psa 119:67  Before I learned to answer you, I wandered all over the place, but now I'm in step with your Word.
Always strive to be your best self. Stay focused on your goals. Life is beautiful.
What's In Your Hand? 
Feed your fears, &amp; your faith will starve. Feed your faith &amp; your fears will.
Mat 20:27  Whoever wants to be first among you must be your slave.
Negative people will always try to deflate your positive energy, never let them.
Pro 13:3 Careful words make for a careful life; careless talk may ruin everything.
A New Dimension of Grace 
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
Psa 103:1  O my soul, bless GOD. From head to toe, I'll bless his holy name!
My soul finds rest in God alone; my salvation comes from him. -Psalm 62:1
Can You Dig IT! 
Pro 31:12  Never spiteful, she treats him generously all her life long.
Love takes action.
Luk 3:13 He told them, "No more extortion--collect only what is required by law."
Jesus Is the Door to Everything You Need (2) 
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly." - Richard Bach
Col 1:26  This mystery has been kept in the dark for a long time, but now it's out in the open.
It takes hard work, determination, and positive energy to make life a beautiful thing.
God Finds No Fault In You 
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.
Psa 108:13  In God we'll do our very best; he'll flatten the opposition for good.
I believe that when we face challenges in life it's an opportunity to build on our faith, inner strength, &amp; courage.
Psa 119:100 I've become wiser than the wise old sages simply by doing what you tell me.
You Cannot Follow Me Now  
"There is more to life than increasing its speed." - Mahatma Gandhi
Pro 2:21  It's the men who walk straight who will settle this land, the women with integrity who will last here.
"The value of achievement lies in the achieving." - Albert Einstein
The presence of the Holy Spirit Part 4 
Psa 37:29  The good get planted on good land and put down healthy roots.
Be positive. Believe in your ambitions. Focus on your goals.
Psa 88:13 I'm standing my ground, GOD, shouting for help, at my prayers every morning, on my knees each daybreak.
It is through positive thinking that your life is going to get better.
What's Next? Pt2  
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Pro 29:2  When good people run things, everyone is glad, but when the ruler is bad, everyone groans.
Days Of Heaven On Earth 
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Joseph Chilton Pearce
Pro 10:22  GOD's blessing makes life rich; nothing we do can improve on God.
I don't do things HALF-HEARTEDLY. Because I know if I do, then I can expect HALF-HEARTED results. -Michael Jordan
Psa 66:20 Blessed be God: he didn't turn a deaf ear, he stayed with me, loyal in his love.
The Gospel of Salvation : Part 1 
Some of you had big dreams; you had some disappointments. But it’s not over. You have seeds of greatness on the inside.
Pro 27:22  Pound on a fool all you like-- you can't pound out foolishness.
Overcome your hesitations. Live every day with unbridled enthusiasm. Focus on your dreams.
We're Together Again 
"Don't look for miracles. You yourself are the miracle." - Henry Miller
Pro 29:9  A sage trying to work things out with a fool gets only scorn and sarcasm for his trouble.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you. You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. Think about where you want to be.
Mat 16:23 But Jesus didn't swerve. "Peter, get out of my way. Satan, get lost. You have no idea how God works."
Jesus and True Greatness 
Have big dreams, work for them, work some more and never stop going.
1Ti 6:6  A devout life does bring wealth, but it's the rich simplicity of being yourself before God.
Always stay focused. Chase your dreams with gusto. Believe in the positivity of your future.
Nothing can change my Faith for you Jesus 
Heb 3:7  That's why the Holy Spirit says, Today, please listen;
Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer &amp; petition, w/ thanksgiving, present your requests 2 God. -Phil 4:6
Rom 12:9 Love from the center of who you are; don't fake it. Run for dear life from evil; hold on for dear life to good.
A Relaxed And Easy Going Attitude 
The testing of your faith produces perseverance - James 1:3
Psa 119:16  I relish everything you've told me of life, I won't forget a word of it.
"Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude." - Ralph Marston
The Favour Factor Get Off the Porch 
Don't brag about yourself - let others praise you. -Proverbs 27:2
Psa 90:12  Oh! Teach us to live well! Teach us to live wisely and well!
Luk 1:47 I'm dancing the song of my Savior God.
Today I declare my freedom in Christ from anything that has bound or limited me.
The Spirit of Seeing and Knowing 
Fight for your dreams because when you're not fighting, your dreams are dying.
1Th 5:5  You're sons of Light, daughters of Day. We live under wide open skies and know where we stand.
Be positive. Believe in your dreams. Chase your ambitions.
Grace: Your Past Does Not Determine Your Future 
Ecc 10:14  Fools talk way too much, Chattering stuff they know nothing about.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
1Ti 1:5 The whole point of what we're urging is simply love--love uncontaminated by self-interest and counterfeit faith, a life open to God
Step into the new season. Don't stay down over somebody that walked away. If they left you, their time was up.
This is Your Year to See the Vision 
Psa 119:96  I see the limits to everything human, but the horizons can't contain your commands!
One smile, can start a friendship. One word, can end a fight. One look, can save a relationship. One person can change your life.
Believe What God Believes About 
Love… is not proud, rude, or selfish. It cannot be provoked and it does not contemplate evil - 1 Corinthians 13:4
Mat 11:29 Walk with me &amp; work with me,watch how I do it.Learn the unforced rhythms of grace.I won't lay anything heavy or ill-fitting on yo
Take delight in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart. -Psalms 37:4
Heb 10:39 But we're not quitters who lose out. Oh, no! We'll stay with it and survive, trusting all the way.
Relationship with Yourself 
Avoid the negative. Never let anyone keep you down. Always go the extra mile.
Pro 21:4  Arrogance and pride--distinguishing marks in the wicked-- are just plain sin.
We've all been hurt by words before. So before you speak, think about how your words might affect someone else.
Knowing God Life's Major Pursuit 
Psa 146:2  All my life long I'll praise GOD, singing songs to my God as long as I live.
Dear haters: Please step aside, you can't stop my spirit!
Rom 8:16 God's Spirit touches our spirits and confirms who we really are. We know who he is, and we know who we are: Father and children.
Spirituality -PRAYER 
Give all your cares to him because he is concerned about you - 1Pet 5:7
Pro 13:18  Refuse discipline and end up homeless; embrace correction and live an honored life.
Be thankful for what you have. You have no idea how many people would love to have what you've got.
There Is Non Righteous 
Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
Psa 34:22  GOD pays for each slave's freedom; no one who runs to him loses out.
Psa 45:2 "You're the handsomest of men; every word from your lips is sheer grace, and God has blessed you, blessed you so much.
You owe it to yourself to be the best you can possibly be.
Monuments Men 
Living to impress others will get you nowhere.
2Th 3:3  But the Master never lets us down. He'll stick by you and protect you from evil.
I hear &amp; behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least. -Walt Whitman
There Is Power In Your Mouth Pt 2 
A good heart is more valuable then a pretty face.
Psa 4:5  Build your case before God and wait for his verdict.
Luk 22:17 Taking the cup, he blessed it, then said, "Take this and pass it among you.
I Have Other Sheep That Are Not of This Fold 
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
Pro 28:18  Walk straight--live well and be saved; a devious life is a doomed life.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to jump.
The Fire Won't Go Out: Pt1 
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Pro 17:22  A cheerful disposition is good for your health; gloom and doom leave you bone-tired.
Keep your head, heels, and standards high.
Rom 8:28 That's why we can be so sure that every detail in our lives of love for God is worked into something good.
Price of Power  
Let no dream go unfulfilled, let no goal go unaccomplished.
Pro 21:18  What a bad person plots against the good, boomerangs; the plotter gets it in the end.
Yes it's difficult. Yes it's painful. Yes it requires your blood, sweat, and tears...but Yes, it WILL be worth it!
The Blood Sworn Oath Pt.2 
Dream your dreams with your eyes closed, but live your dreams with your eyes open.
Psa 121:1  I look up to the mountains; does my strength come from mountains?
Col 4:6 Be gracious in your speech. The goal is to bring out the best in others in a conversation, not put them down, not cut them out.
Covenant and Headship 
Put your trust in God, not man.
Pro 17:10  A quiet rebuke to a person of good sense does more than a whack on the head of a fool.
Receive your inheritance 
Make life fun. Tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
1Ti 6:6  A devout life does bring wealth, but it's the rich simplicity of being yourself before God.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Psa 15:5 Make an honest living, never take a bribe. "You'll never get blacklisted if you live like this."
THE POWER OF WEAKNESS 
Stop! Something is cooking! Carefully crafted to give you just the right environment you've being looking for. #FingersCrossed! #CantWAIT!!!
Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapter doesn't mean it's the end of the book.
Psa 25:21  Use all your skill to put me together; I wait to see your finished product.
God's Will 
What were gains to me I now consider a loss because of Christ - Philippians 3:7
Pro 16:30  A shifty eye betrays an evil intention; a clenched jaw signals trouble ahead.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Pro 10:29 GOD is solid backing to a well-lived life, but he calls into question a shabby performance.
Revelations  
Keep on praying for faith, it is through prayer that you develop all your wonderful qualities of soul. -Myrtle Fillmore
Psa 122:9  For the sake of the house of our God, GOD, I'll do my very best for you.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
Make the Leap 2 
"I believe we're responsible for everything that happens to us." - Yanni
Psa 119:167  My soul guards and keeps all your instructions-- oh, how much I love them!
Pro 21:27 Religious performance by the wicked stinks; it's even worse when they use it to get ahead.
If you have dreams you need to get out and make them happen, if you don't, you need to start dreaming.
Doing Spiritual Warfare God's Way: Pt2 
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Mat 9:24  Jesus was abrupt: "Clear out! This girl isn't dead. She's sleeping." They told him he didn't know what he was talking about.
Agents of Divine Omnipotence 
Ignore negative people. Wake up inspired. Never give up.
Psa 12:3  The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips, and the tongue that speaketh proud things:
Psa 119:30 I choose the true road to Somewhere, I post your road signs at every curve and corner.
You may not know how you’re going to get through the day, or next week, but don’t worry. God hasn’t forgotten about you.
Sex God, Gross, or Gift (Real Marriage) Pt6 
"There is a reason why all things are as they are." - Bram Stoker
Psa 91:11  He ordered his angels to guard you wherever you go.
Open Fields, Ripe Corn. Part 2 
Giving is a lifestyle.
Pro 22:7  The poor are always ruled over by the rich, so don't borrow and put yourself under their power.
"Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind." - Christian Larson
Psa 34:4 GOD met me more than halfway, he freed me from my anxious fears.
Why Should Christians Suffer? Pt 2 
"The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days." - Lao Tzu
1Jn 5:14  And how bold and free we then become in his presence, freely asking according to his will, sure that he's listening.
"Nothing In My Hand" Pt 1/3 
I am with you always. -Matthew 28.20
Heb 3:13  For as long as it's still God's Today, keep each other on your toes so sin doesn't slow down your reflexes.
The righteousness that comes from God is by faith. -Phil 3:9
Pro 31:14 She's like a trading ship that sails to faraway places and brings back exotic surprises.
SERVING A HIGHER PURPOSE 
Before the Second Coming, “there’ll be fearful events and great signs from the sky” - Luke 21:11
Rev 3:15  "I know you inside and out, and find little to my liking. You're not cold, you're not hot--far better to be either cold or hot!
Chase your ambitions. Stay focused on your goals. Live healthy and think healthy.
Do You Have A Soul? 
Evil people… will be like the chaff that the wind blows away - Psalm 1:4
1Pe 1:8  You never saw him, yet you love him. You still don't see him, yet you trust him--with laughter and singing.
Every day I smile, and act like nothing's wrong. It's called putting everything aside, and simply being strong.
Pro 31:8 "Speak up for the people who have no voice, for the rights of all the down-and-outers.
The God of Holiness and Hope 
God's love is not restricted to when you think you've performed well. He loves you even when you make mistakes and fail.
Psa 103:1  O my soul, bless GOD. From head to toe, I'll bless his holy name!
"Where the spirit does not work with the hand there is no art." - Leonardo da Vinci
Hour Of Power 
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
Pro 16:30  A shifty eye betrays an evil intention; a clenched jaw signals trouble ahead.
1Th 2:10 Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily and justly and unblameably we behaved ourselves among you that believe:
There is beauty in simplicity.
I am with you always 
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
Pro 14:28  The mark of a good leader is loyal followers; leadership is nothing without a following.
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
How you're coming into a shift 
Psa 112:5 The good person is generous and lends lavishly!
Pro 26:27  Malice backfires; spite boomerangs.
You, Lord, are a shield around me - Psalm 3:3
Seek It, You'll Find It 
My friends, rejoice in the Lord - Philippians 3:1
Pro 21:26  Sinners are always wanting what they don't have; the God-loyal are always giving what they do have.
Fear breeds fear and hate breeds hate, but always remember that positivity also breeds positivity.
Beating On The Door At Midnight 
Mercy, peace and love be yours in abundance. -Jude 1:2
Job 38:30  You don't for a minute imagine these marvels of weather just happen, do you?
Pro 28:4 If you desert God's law, you're free to embrace depravity; if you love God's law, you fight for it tooth and nail.
Take time to invest in others. If you want your dreams to come to pass, help somebody else’s dream come to pass.
Fashioned to Fit the Plan of God - Life By Design 
Be creative. Focus on your dreams. Chase your dreams with gusto.
Psa 41:2  GOD looks after us all, makes us robust with life-- Lucky to be in the land, we're free from enemy worries.
Surviving Is Not Enough Part 2 
Achieve your dreams. Dare to live. Dare to live.
Psa 119:14  I delight far more in what you tell me about living than in gathering a pile of riches.
You can't just cover up wounds and expect them to heal. It is up to you to make it better.
Pro 5:9 You don't want to squander your wonderful life, to waste your precious life among the hardhearted.
Rule Over Your Feelings 
"A danger foreseen is half avoided." - Thomas Fuller
Psa 146:2  All my life long I'll praise GOD, singing songs to my God as long as I live.
Kingdom Citizenship Authority 
If it is important to you, you will find a way. If not, you'll find an excuse.
1Pe 3:10  Whoever wants to embrace life and see the day fill up with good, Here's what you do: Say nothing evil or hurtful;
Joh 9:33 "If this man didn't come from God, he wouldn't be able to do anything."
You don't stop being God's child when you mess up. God knows your heart and He loves you.
Keep On Producing 
Prayer changes more than things, it changes you.
Pro 2:21  It's the men who walk straight who will settle this land, the women with integrity who will last here.
Preparation For Promotion Pt 1 
Our greatest gift lies within, but we often spend a lifetime looking elsewhere.
Joh 10:27  My sheep recognize my voice. I know them, and they follow me.
Not everyone in the world has someone worth dying for, but there is always someone worth living for.
Pro 2:10 Lady Wisdom will be your close friend, and Brother Knowledge your pleasant companion.
Cleaning Clogged Arteries Pt 1 
Love the Lord your God from all your heart, from all your soul, from all your mind, and from all your strength - Mark 12:30
Psa 135:3  Shout "Hallelujah!" because GOD's so good, sing anthems to his beautiful name.
Faith in your Seed 
Try not to become a man of success, but rather a man of value.
1Co 3:4  When one of you says, "I'm on Paul's side," and another says, "I'm for Apollos," aren't you being totally infantile?
You may not see how it can happen. It may look like it’s been too long. But stay in faith, it can still come to pass.
Luk 21:15 I'll give you the words and wisdom that will reduce all your accusers to stammers and stutters.
You Can Live Free 
Heaven's kingdom is like a mustard seed... smaller than all the seeds. But when it grows... it becomes a tree—Matt 13:31-32
Rom 6:5  Each of us is raised into a light-filled world by our Father so that we can see where we're going in our new grace-sovereign count
Never be satisfied with what you achieve, because it all pales in comparison with what you are capable of doing in the future.
THE PRINCIPLES OF KINGDOM INFLUENCE  
Pro 21:26  Sinners are always wanting what they don't have; the God-loyal are always giving what they do have.
"It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not." - Andr? Gide
1Jn 2:12 I remind you, my dear children: Your sins are forgiven in Jesus' name.
The Enemy Is After The Man 
Change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Pro 27:22  Pound on a fool all you like-- you can't pound out foolishness.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Dealing With Doubt 
Psa 9:19  Up, GOD! Aren't you fed up with their empty strutting? Expose these grand pretensions!
Psa 107:14 He led you out of your dark, dark cell, broke open the jail and led you out.
Be your own inspiration. Don't dwell on negative thoughts. Don't dwell on negative thoughts.
Jesus and Children 
"Better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt." - Mark Twain
Pro 28:23  In the end, serious reprimand is appreciated far more than bootlicking flattery.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
The Church God Blesses 
You don't need too many people to be happy, just a few real ones who appreciate you for who you are.
Joh 14:6  Jesus said, "I am the Road, also the Truth, also the Life. No one gets to the Father apart from me.
Don't let negative people distract you. Love every single moment of life. Remember that adversity builds character.
Pro 17:8 Receiving a gift is like getting a rare gemstone; any way you look at it, you see beauty refracted.
Faith vs Feelings  
Dream as if you'll live forever and live as if you'll die today.
Luk 6:40  An apprentice doesn't lecture the master. The point is to be careful who you follow as your teacher.
What Do Answers to Prayer Depend On? Part 1 
Joyce Meyer- Understanding Your Mates Personality Part 2 
"When all is said and done, success without happiness is the worst kind of failure." - Louis Binstock
Psa 31:23  Love GOD, all you saints; GOD takes care of all who stay close to him, But he pays back in full those arrogant enough to go it a
Life is beautiful. Always strive to be your best self. Stay true to your dreams.
Pro 27:21 The purity of silver &amp; gold is tested by putting them in the fire;The purity of human hearts is tested by giving them alittle fame
The Kingdom Citizenship Distinction in Relationships 
You must be wide awake and alert to the challenges of life, for he who takes his eye off the path will surely tumble.
1Pe 1:8  You never saw him, yet you love him. You still don't see him, yet you trust him--with laughter and singing.
Never pity yourself. Never ever give up. Stay positive no matter what.
Forgiveness Explained 
A daughter is one of the most BEAUTIFUL gifts this world has to give. -Laurel Atherton
Pro 14:21  It's criminal to ignore a neighbor in need, but compassion for the poor--what a blessing!
Joh 14:24 Not loving me means not keeping my words. The message you are hearing isn't mine. It's the message of the Father who sent me.
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you. - Madeline Bridges
The Crown Has Come To Ziglag Pt.1 
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous, so he may forgive us for our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness - 1Jn 1:9
Pro 29:27  Good people can't stand the sight of deliberate evil; the wicked can't stand the sight of well-chosen goodness.
An Invitation To A Cross 
"Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing." Ward
Psa 37:40  GOD-strengthened, we're delivered from evil-- when we run to him, he saves us.
"What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds." -Wayne Dyer
Pro 10:13 You'll find wisdom on the lips of a person of insight, but the shortsighted needs a slap in the face.
Transformation: Pt1 
The past is over, learn from it. The future is coming, prepare for it. The present is here, enjoy it.
Joh 6:68  Peter replied, "Master, to whom would we go? You have the words of real life, eternal life. "
TD Jakes- Opportunity in Chaos 
You shall call, and the Lord will answer. -Isaiah 58.9
1Ti 3:11 No exceptions are to be made for women--same qualifications: serious, dependable, not sharp-tongued, not overfond of wine.
Psa 119:99  I've even become smarter than my teachers since I've pondered and absorbed your counsel.
Set your goals high enough to inspire you and low enough to encourage you.
Invest in People 
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement." - Helen Keller
Psa 50:3  Our God makes his entrance, he's not shy in his coming. Starbursts of fireworks precede him.
"The best portion of a good man's life: his little, nameless unremembered acts of kindness and love." - William Wordsworth
The Ten Commandments of Working in a Hostile Environment: Pt.1 
Focus on your dreams and ambitions. Always smile at life. Stay determined.
Pro 27:17  You use steel to sharpen steel, and one friend sharpens another.
Pro 3:4 Earn a reputation for living well in God's eyes and the eyes of the people.
Let Not Your Heart Be Troubled - Pt.1 
I've made lots of mistakes in my past...but if you judge me on what I did in my past, then you have no reason being in my future.
1Jn 5:15  And if we're confident that he's listening, we know that what we've asked for is as good as ours.
God can never be a definition. He is more than even the entirety of the dictionary. -Scarlett Bene
Its Time To Shine 
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
2Co 3:8  How much more dazzling, then, the Government of Living Spirit?
Pro 28:18 Walk straight--live well and be saved; a devious life is a doomed life.
The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
The Power of Word Based Prayer 
How a man plays a game shows something of his character, how he loses shows all of it.
Psa 96:3  Take the news of his glory to the lost, News of his wonders to one and all!
Dream big. Work hard. Stay humble.
Moving By Grace In The Holy Spirit's Gifts 
Aspire to do more with your life. Love your life in all of its beauty. Be absolutely happy.
Pro 13:3  Careful words make for a careful life; careless talk may ruin everything.
Ecc 10:7 I've seen unproven upstarts riding in style, While experienced veterans are put out to pasture.
God wants to Thrill You 
Silence speaks when words can't.
1Th 4:12  We want you living in a way that will command the respect of outsiders, not lying around sponging off your friends.
"Don't try to be different, own the fact you already are." - Jonathan Fields
Humble Yourself Under the Mighty Hand of God: Part 1 
"Giving is an act that returns itself doublefold." - Brian Colbert
Luk 17:9  Does the servant get special thanks for doing what's expected of him?
Pro 28:16 Among leaders who lack insight, abuse abounds, but for one who hates corruption, the future is bright.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Running Your Race to Win 
Pro 25:5  Remove the wicked from leadership and authority will be credible and God-honoring.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
Breaking The Spirit of Failure 
God might not meet your schedule, but He's always on time.
1Co 3:16  You realize, don't you, that you are the temple of God, and God himself is present in you?
"And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pro 21:25 Lazy people finally die of hunger because they won't get up and go to work.
The World Has Wonder  
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of knowing you did your best to become the best that you are capable of being.
Rom 13:6  That's also why you pay taxes--so that an orderly way of life can be maintained.
Give me your heart, my son, &amp; let your eyes observe my ways -Proverbs 23:26
Words &amp; Confessions 
Psa 119:154 Take my side and get me out of this; give me back my life, just as you promised.
Everyone will know that you are my disciples because of your love for each other. -John 13:35
Psa 119:51  The insolent ridicule me without mercy, but I don't budge from your revelation.
Building a Better Relationship 
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein
Psa 64:10  Be glad, good people! Fly to GOD! Good-hearted people, make praise your habit.
A man's heart plans his way but the Lord directs his steps. -Proverbs 16:9
Have You Prayed About It? (Week 2) 
Expect the best, prepare for the worst. Crave success and happiness. Focus on your own future.
1Ti 4:4  Everything God created is good, and to be received with thanks. Nothing is to be sneered at and thrown out.
Job 39:19 "Are you the one who gave the horse his prowess and adorned him with a shimmering mane?
Dare yourself each day to be a blessing to someone.
THE PRINCIPLE OF LAW ABIDING CITIZENS 
The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me; your steadfast love, O Lord, endures forever. -Psalm 138.8
Rom 2:2  But God isn't so easily diverted. He sees right through all such smoke screens and holds you to what you've done.
I will lie down and immediately fall asleep in peace, for you alone, Lord, make me live in safety - Psalm 4:8
The Blood Speaks Pt 2 
A wise man makes his own decisions; an ignorant man follows the public opinion.
2Co 3:9  If the Government of Condemnation was impressive, how about this Government of Affirmation?
Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice! -Philippians 4:4
Pro 28:22 A miser in a hurry to get rich doesn't know that he'll end up broke.
Wait While God Works 
FITNESS it's not something you achieve and forget, it's something you attain and maintain. -Bonnie Pfiester
Ja 2:22 Isn't it obvious that faith and works are yoked partners, that faith expresses itself in works? That the works are "works of faith"
In Harmony With God 
You're not a failure until you stop trying. If you have no other testimony you have this one: "I'm still here."
Psa 37:29  The good get planted on good land and put down healthy roots.
May our Lord Jesus Christ have praise for all ages of the ages - Gal 1:5
Pro 12:17 Truthful witness by a good person clears the air, but liars lay down a smoke screen of deceit.
Revival : A Wind from Elsewhere 
"If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs
Pro 14:6  Cynics look high and low for wisdom--and never find it; the open-minded find it right on their doorstep!
Today is an opportunity to get better. Don't waste it.
The Seven Manifestations Of The Spirit Part 1 
Strive for peace with everyone. And strive for the holiness without which no one will see the Lord - Hebrews 12:14
Ps 37:28 GOD loves this kind of thing,never turns away from his friends.Live this way and you've got it made,but bad eggs will be tossed ou
