Gallery: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2 - Michael Matthews is not unfamiliar with the post-pink protocol. Photo: Tim ... 
Gallery: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2 - Michael Matthews is not unfamiliar with the post-pink protocol. Photo: Tim ... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2 - 1. Elia VIVIANI, TEAM SKY, in 4:13:18 2. Moreno HOFLAND, TEAM LOTTO NL-JUMB... 
Mother's Day Must Be Really Tough For A Cubone - Ever since the release of Pokémon Yellow in the States, Mother’s ... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: The Force Awakens Stuff: Winners! - Last week Disney released an image of the official produ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Tina Pic marks 49th birthday with (what else?) a bike race - Tina Pic (Pepper Palace) showed the strain of the pac... 
California press conference confirms: No clear favorite, except in the sprints 
Kirchmann wins California stage 2, Komanski takes race lead - Leah Kirchmann wins stage 2 of the 2015 ATOC women's... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Fastest bike-path ride ever - The Giro d'Italia's stage 1 team time trial featured several... 
The First Five Old School Cyberpunk Minutes Of Dex - The only thing more appealing than blue hair is blue hair sur... 
Behold Smite’s latest combatant, the Norse squirrel god Ratatoskr. 
Gallery: Phil Gaimon’s ‘Cookie Bike’ - To promote its new version of the Podium, Diamondback commissioned this one... 
Time for some single track! #cycling @ Lake Crabtree County Park 
A Real Plumber Wouldn't Last Long In The Mushroom Kingdom - “What the fuck is this place?!” Now that’s the sort of... 
Why There's An Xbox One Game Stuck To My Ceiling - I can explain. Read more... 
Anti-doping stakeholders join forces at Tour of California - For the first time, the Union Cycliste Internationale... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Petacchi: ‘The Giro still drives me’ - Alessandro Petacchi has raced in Langkawi and Turkey this year, but the Gir... 
After strong early season, time is now for Porte in Giro - Richie Porte has already prevailed over top GIro rivals... 
After strong early season, time is now for Porte in Giro - Richie Porte has already prevailed over top GIro rivals... 
Nintendo Needs To Work On Its Pre-Order Incentives - Starting today, you can download and play a demo of Splatoon ... 
Rock Opera Video Game Somehow Totally Works - In a single moment, Karmaflow: The Rock Opera Video Game won me over... 
Thank you Michael! 
Skyrim Mod Gives You Horrifying Followers - Why did someone make this? Why? Read more... 
The Witcher 3 Leaks Early, Beware Spoilers - Though The Witcher 3 doesn’t officially release until May 19th, many ... 
British nobility in the Amgen Tour of California women’s peloton 
Hall wins first stage of Amgen Women’s Tour of California - Katie Hall (UnitedHealthcare) took the first leader's ... 
British nobility in the Amgen Tour of California women’s peloton 
Bennett out of Giro due to low cortisol levels - To comply with MPCC rules, LottoNL-Jumbo has pulled George Bennet... 
Giro’s team time trial leaves little room for error - The Tinkoff-Saxo team previewed the Giro's technical stage 1... 
Kotaku Asks: A Game Designer Who's Worked On BioShock And South Park 
Five Nights At Freddy’s Fan Film Is Actually Scary - Following the announcement that Five Nights at Freddy’s was g... 
Five key Giro d’Italia stages - SAN LORENZO AL MARE, Italy (AFP) — The 98th edition of the Giro d’Italia starts wi... 
Giro’s team time trial leaves little room for error - The Tinkoff-Saxo team previewed the Giro's technical stage 1... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 3 Mentions, 2.24K Mention Reach, 2 Retweets. How'd your week go? via 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Tinkoff-Saxo: Contador’s Giro the winning ticket? - If Alberto Contador can deliver at the Giro d'Italia, the much... 
Why So Many Movies in Japan Are Based on Manga and Anime  - Surely, you’ve noticed? Recently, in Japan, there’s a ... 
Poll: The Best Anime of Spring 2015 - Hey there all you TAYers, Ani-TAYers, and everyone else who has stumbled acr... 
Oculus Rift launching commercially in Q1 2016 
America's 25 most bike-friendly cities 
The Witcher 3 Lets You Have Sex On A Unicorn - Yes, you read that right. A unicorn. Not one that’s alive one, mind... 
Yoshimitsu Goes Full Tentacle Monster for Tekken 7 - It shouldn’t really be a surprise that Yoshimitsu is in Tekke... 
Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia - The post Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia appeared first on 
Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia - The post Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia appeared first on 
Carmen Small wins Pan Am TT championships - Carmen Small won the 2015 Pan American time trial championships in Leo... 
The Nightly Show Is Wrong About Final Fantasy - On the May 5 episode of the Nightly Show, there was a gag where a ... 
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood: The Kotaku Review - Wolfenstein: The New Order showed you could take an old style of g... 
Carmen Small wins Pan Am TT championships - Carmen Small won the 2015 Pan American time trial championships in Leo... 
Greipel: Star in Giro without many top sprinters - Lotto-Soudal's André Greipel will be the man to watch in the Gi... 
2015 Giro d’Italia start list - Ag2r La Mondiale Domenico Pozzovivo (I) Julien Bérard (F) Carlos Betancur (Col) Ax... 
Video: GCN’s top 10 riders to watch at the Giro d’Italia - Editor’s Note: This video is courtesy of Global Cycling... 
The Sims Creator Now Wants You to Make Stories Out of Your Own Life 
The Worst Strategy Guide Ever Made - Pop quiz: does the name “PlayOnline” make your blood boil, or at least cause ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
2015 Giro d’Italia start list - Ag2r La Mondiale 1. Domenico Pozzovivo (I) 2. Julien Bérard (F) 3. Carlos Betancur... 
The Second Parasyte Movie Isn't Terrible - Despite my feelings for the first movie , I had to see it all through t... 
The Trailer for Star Ocean V with English Subtitles - Star Ocean V is a thing and it’s coming. Sadly, Square Enix ... 
The view is worth the burn. #cycling @ Fred G. Bond Metro Park 
Not A Good Day's Hunting, Then - Yuri Shwedoff is an artist who works for Game Insight, a studio based in Moscow. ... 
The Video Games That Come Full Circle - I remember the precise moment when I fell in love with Dark Souls. Read mo... 
Konami Sucks - The Internet’s angry at something new every day. With P.T., there’s a good god damn reason. Read mo... 
Bloodborne Fan Theory: The Doll Is Actually An Alien God - Here’s a fun theory about Bloodborne that comes from so... 
Cycling innovator and author Jobst Brandt dies at 80 - Jobst Brandt, a cycling innovator who lived and worked outs... 
Cycling innovator and author Jobst Brandt dies at 80 - Jobst Brandt, a cycling innovator who lived and worked outs... 
The world championships: An opportunity to change U.S. cycling 
Italy celebrates Giro start without much hope for home win - Astana's Fabio Aru stood on the final Giro podium las... 
Brutal Doom Mod Has Some Great Customizable Gore Options - Ah, Brutal Doom . The last place a gore-hungry gamer ca... 
No One's Sure Why Players Are Suddenly Getting Banned In Dark Souls II 
Video: Global Cycling Network’s Giro d’Italia preview - Editor’s Note: This video is courtesy of Global Cycling Ne... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Preview: Decisive racing packed into Giro’s final week - The climb up the Colle delle Finestre will feature dirt a... 
Who Would've Thought The Punisher Could Inspire So Many Puns 
Please, Look Inside Pikachu's...Vagina? - Oh god. Surely, the people who made this inflatable Pikachu know? They h... 
Early morning burn. #cycling @ Lake Crabtree County Park 
X-Wing, Crysis Devs Want To Make A New Space Shooter - The creators of STARFIGHTER INC say their game is “a hardco... 
Kojima's PT Eradicated From PSN; Can't Even Be Re-Downloaded 
Track: Neon Beams | Artist: Take | Album: Only Mountains - Track: Neon Beams | Artist: Take | Album: Only Mountain... 
The next hero coming to Heroes of the Storm is Warcraft character Kael’thas Sunstrider, Blizzard rev 
BMC aims for pink jersey in Giro team time trial - One of the highlights of BMC Racing's 2014 season was a surpris... 
Video: Hincapie Racing looks back at its TTT nationals win - The Hincapie Racing Team won the 2015 men's team time... 
BMC aims for pink jersey in Giro team time trial - One of the highlights of BMC Racing's 2014 season was a surpris... 
Video: Hincapie Racing looks back at its TTT nationals win - The Hincapie Racing Team won the 2015 men's team time... 
Cavendish, Kittel, Sagan to light up sprints at 10th Amgen Tour of California 
Batman Actors, Ranked - (Live-action adaptations only) Read more... 
All The Easy Shortcuts You Can Take In Mario Kart 8's 200CC Mode 
Graduation can wait as Rivera aims for worlds - Coryn Rivera (UnitedHealthcare) had some bad luck at criterium nat... 
Cavendish, Kittel, Sagan to light up sprints at 10th Amgen Tour of California 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Graduation can wait as Rivera aims for worlds - Coryn Rivera (UnitedHealthcare) had some bad luck at criterium nat... 
Love, Loss, and Music Collide in this Heartbreaking Tale - Warning: This anime will might just make you cry. Read ... 
The Up All Night Stream Plays Xenoblade Chronicles X - Xenoblade Chronicles was one of the best RPGs the Wii had t... 
Here Are Some Animated Mountains That Will Read Your Tweets - Twitter is kinda terrible sometimes. It enables peop... 
PC Game Delayed In Australia Because...All The Boxes Got Wet 
Wrecked GTA Cab Turns Into Clown Car Of Infinite Drivers - On today’s Highlight Reel we have Battlefield head shot... 
League Of Legends Is Bringing Back An Old System To Deal With Jerks 
Ilnur Zakarin’s Swiss surprise - Katusha's Ilnur Zakarin raised eyebrows with a win at Tour de Romandie that few h... 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia - This is the preliminary start list for the Giro d’Italia, which runs ... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Simon Andreassen’s XC race bike - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Pro Bike Gallery... 
Nintendo Admits They Screwed Up Amiibo, Promises To Do Better 
An Infuriating Way To Lose In Mario Kart 8 - The finish line is just a few feet away. You can practically reach ou... 
Alaphilippe signs two-year extension with Etixx-Quick-Step - Ardennes revelation Julian Alaphilippe has extended h... 
WADA criticizes French TV doping report - A report recently aired on Stade 2, a French television station, which i... 
WADA criticizes French TV doping report - A report recently aired on Stade 2, a French television station, which i... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Meier relishes chance to ride for GC at Tour of Turkey - Christian Meier, seen here during last summer's Tour de F... 
Let's Hope the Warcraft Movie Looks This Good - That is, at least this good. Korean cosplay collective Spiral Cats... 
Japanese Products That Sound Awful in English - Japan has come up with some truly fantastic English product names.... 
Rob Britton, Mara Abbott conquer Silver City Tour of the Gila 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 5 - The break heads toward the Gila Cliff Dwellings. Photo: Casey B. Gibson ... 
Floyd Mayweather's Win Is Just As Disappointing In Punch-Out! 
Remember, Stick 'Em With The Pointy End - Based in San Francisco, KJ Yu is Studio Art Director at Concept Art Hous... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 5 - The break heads toward the Gila Cliff Dwellings. Photo: Casey B. Gibson ... 
One more from today's ride. #cycling @ New Hope Valley Railway 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6 - Ilnur Zakarin en route to third on the stage and the overall title. Phot... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6 - Ilnur Zakarin en route to third on the stage and the overall title. Phot... 
Twitter Cancels Good Times, Removes Playable Games From Tweets 
GTA Recreated Perfectly In Real Life - Recreating Grand Theft Auto V would have been too easy. Here, some mad Russ... 
New Avengers Team Teases Big Changes in the Marvel Universe's Future 
Batgirl Makes Her Playable Debut As Arkham Knight DLC - Well, my interest level in Batman: Arkham Knight just skyr... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6 - 1. Tony MARTIN, ETIXX-QUICK STEP, in 23:17 2. Simon SPILAK, TEAM KATUSHA... 
Ilnur Zakarin finishes 3rd in ITT to clinch Tour de Romandie title 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6 - 1. Tony MARTIN, ETIXX-QUICK STEP, in 23:17 2. Simon SPILAK, TEAM KATUSHA... 
That just happened! #cycling @ Peak of Good Living 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kristijan Durasek hangs on to win 2015 Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey 
It's really quiet here. #cycling @ Somewhere 
Twitch Users Try Bootlegging Mayweather-Pacquiao Fight, Get Banned 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: The Bling Side Of The Force: Winners! - Last week we challenged our Photoshop-savvy readers ... 
Daniele Ratto vows to fight to finish for Tour of Turkey’s green jersey 
Lucas Sebastian Haedo, Hannah Barnes win Silver City Crit - Sebastian Haedo unleashed a blistering sprint from the... 
Lucas Sebastian Haedo, Hannah Barnes win Silver City Crit - Sebastian Haedo unleashed a blistering sprint from the... 
GamerGate Meetup Evacuated After Apparent Threat - Attendees at a GamerGate meetup evacuated a bar in Washington, ... 
If Every Game Was A Pokémon Clone - Pokémon’s turn-based battles and exploration have been delighting gamers for n... 
Ilnur Zakarin leads Tour de Romandie as Thibault Pinot wins stage 5 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 5 - 1. Thibaut PINOT, FDJ, in 4:38:54 2. Ilnur ZAKARIN, TEAM KATUSHA, at :07... 
Is Taco Bell’s Steak Doubledilla more exciting than an N64 at Christmas? 
In Age of Ultron, The Avengers Do the Thing That Superman Didn’t 
Ilnur Zakarin leads Tour de Romandie as Thibault Pinot wins stage 5 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Mark Cavendish takes 3rd victory at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey 
You're Killing Me, Persona Dancing Game - No. You can’t do this, Persona 4: Dancing All Night. You can’t just pull... 
If Deus Ex Were A Horror Game: The Steam Stream Plays Solarix 
How I did on Twitter this week: 7 New Followers, 7 Mentions, 9.37K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of the Gila, sta... 
Here Is A Fun Thing To Do In GTA V - You can do a lot of fun things in GTA V. This one’s particularly good. Read m... 
One Man’s Quest To Bring Back Killing Floor’s Nipple Rings - Yes, nipple rings. Read more... 
Amgen Tour of California announces television schedule - The Amgen Tour of California announced its race broadcast... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of the Gila, sta... 
Amgen Tour of California announces television schedule - The Amgen Tour of California announced its race broadcast... 
Banjo Kazooie Spiritual Successor Hits Kickstarter, Immediately Funded 
Dragon Age: Inquisition is getting a new multiplayer expansion on May 5th for all available platform 
Video: Gaimon talks about life goals, cookies, and more - Phil Gaimon reflects on his pro career, being an author,... 
Video: Gaimon talks about life goals, cookies, and more - Phil Gaimon reflects on his pro career, being an author,... 
Stefan Kung solos to Romandie win in rainy stage 4 - Stefan Küng emerged victorious from the rainy Swiss hills in ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Bilbao wins Turkey stage 6, Durasek snatches GC lead - Pello Bilbao (Caja Rural-Seguros RGA) claimed his second vi... 
Yurikuma Arashi Tackles the Subject of Homosexuality in Japan 
Square Enix's Latest Tech Demo Looks Gorgeous - Square Enix teamed up with Microsoft to show what the upcoming Dir... 
The Art Of Drawing JRPG Worlds - Becca Bair is an experienced artist and games developer who is currently working ... 
The perfect Boulder tour with VeloNews and Cognoscenti - Riding in the Rockies. Photo: Kevin Batchelor Spin by one... 
The perfect Boulder tour with VeloNews and Cognoscenti - Riding in the Rockies. Photo: Kevin Batchelor Spin by one... 
Optum sweeps Tour of the Gila stage 2 with Young and Ewart - It was a good day to be wearing orange and black in S... 
Overlooked Aussie Jay McCarthy quietly contending for Turkey GC 
Here Is A Really Good Bloodborne Fight - Sit back, make yourself comfortable. Grab yourself a nice drink. Whiskey,... 
What A New X-Wing, Tie Fighter Could Look Like - X-Wing Alliance, the last proper space sim set in the Star Wars u... 
Overlooked Aussie Jay McCarthy quietly contending for Turkey GC 
Wiggins happy again after leaving Sky - Bradley Wiggins says he's optimistic about his upcoming hour record attemp... 
Ubisoft is conducting a charity drive to draw in more donations for the Nepal Region Earthquake Driv 
The Best Pro Wrestling In WWE Right Now Is Women's Wrestling 
Wiggle exec and former pro Derek Bouchard-Hall appointed CEO of USA Cycling 
In the News: Police foil terror threat to German bike race - NOS reports that German police have arrested two peop... 
In the News: Police foil terror threat to German bike race - NOS reports that German police have arrested two peop... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Dowsett spotlights hour record ahead of Wiggins ride - Alex Dowsett (Movistar) will take on 'the longest hour' Sat... 
Dragon Ball Fan Art is Full of Possibilities - What if Vegeta had came to Earth as a child instead of Goku... Read... 
Getting Caught Using Diablo III Art Makes Nexon Very Sorry - Hrm. This sure looks look familiar, no? Yes, yes it d... 
Jackass, Recreated In GTA V - Oh Grand Theft Auto V on PC, will your wonders ever cease? Read more... 
Is There A "Sexy Mechanics Of Steampunk" Calendar? - Tara Phillips is a Canadian concept artist who is currently A... 
Rafael Montiel wins Tour of the Gila opener - Rafael Montiel attacked from the break to drop riders and go on to w... 
Rafael Montiel wins Tour of the Gila opener - Rafael Montiel attacked from the break to drop riders and go on to w... 
Classic PC Games, Now Playable Inside...Twitter - Hello, future. Click the power icon, you can play the game from ... 
What Nintendo DS Games Look Like In High-Res - But Kotaku writer, I hear you ponder, the Nintendo DS was incapable... 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia - This is the preliminary start list for the Giro d’Italia, which runs ... 
Abbott delivers stage 1 Gila win riding for Amy D. Foundation 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia - This is the preliminary start list for the Giro d’Italia, which runs ... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Alex Dowsett’s Canyon hour record setup - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Pro Bike... 
Mario Kart 8 Courses, Ranked - 48: Excitebike Arena Read more... 
The Messy Story Behind A Game Clone - Developer Matt Akins published a scathing piece yesterday that accused a com... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 2 - 1. Michael ALBASINI, ORICA GreenEDGE, in 4:21:43 2. Jarlinson PANTANO, I... 
Analysis: Five who can win the Giro d’Italia - All eyes are on Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) as he tries to win ... 
Albasini sprints into yellow jersey in Romandie - Michael Albasini (Orica-GreenEdge) took the win in Tour de Roman... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Extra credit: Ben King broadens his horizons off the bike - After five years as an international pro, Ben King (Ca... 
After TV Anime Shamed Online, Bad Parts Get Fixed - When some anime first appear on television, parts of the actua... 
Here’s short Xenoblade Chronicles X clip that demonstrates how online group quests will work. 
This Won't End Well - Geoffrey Soudant is a concept artist, illustrator and storyboard artist from France who has ... 
Some People Are Pissed That Skyrim's Paid Mods Are Gone - The era of paid Steam mods ended almost as quickly as it... 
The World Is Ending And I'm Choreographing A Dance Number - In the dark future of Omega Quintet the world is being... 
Obama Thanks Japan For Giving Us Anime - What anime could you see Obama watching? Kill la Kill? Sailor Moon? Swimm... 
Rebellin will not race the Giro d’Italia - Although Davide Rebellin showed off his impressive form with a win at T... 
Tour of the Gila announces team line-up - Optum's Carter Jones led a small group on the Gila Monster climb, and wo... 
Rebellin will not race the Giro d’Italia - Although Davide Rebellin showed off his impressive form with a win at T... 
Eric Marcotte: The power of the U.S. pro criterium champion - Eric Marcotte (Team SmartStop) became the first man ... 
Froome’s Team Sky edges Romandie time trial - Two-time defending Tour de Romandie champ Chris Froome and his Sky t... 
Ted King will retire from pro cycling after 2015 - American Ted King will wrap up his seven-year stint in the Euro... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 1 - 1. Team Sky, in 21:19 2. Orica Greenedge, at : 3. Team Katusha, in : 4. ... 
Reminder: You Have One Day to Get PT Before It Disappears Forever 
The First Big Killing Floor 2 Mod Is... Pepsi Man - This is certainly one way to break in a game’s modding tools. ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
USA Pro Challenge route unveiled for 2015 race - The USA Pro Challenge will make its way from Aspen to Breckenridg... 
Dragon Ball Is Getting Its First New TV Anime in 18 Years - It’s called Dragon Ball Super. And it’s the first new,... 
The Tokyo Ghoul Mobile Game is Billiards Meet People-Eating - Like the Dangonaronpa mobile game , Tokyo Ghoul Carn... 
GTA V Is Beautiful When You Just Sit And Watch - Not everyone who has GTA V on PC and is recording it is trying to... 
Some Sweet (Official) Elder Scrolls Sketchwork - The Elder Scrolls Online: Tales of Tamriel is an artbook about a ... 
Greipel struggles to crack podium in Tour of Turkey - Andre Greipel (far right) finished eighth in Sunday's Tour o... 
Froome seeks third straight Tour de Romandie title - Chris Froome has won the last two editions of the Tour de Rom... 
Rude Whale Invades GTA V On PC - On today’s Highlight Reel we have bad synchronizations, whales that would make Do... 
Valve Cancels Paid Mods For Skyrim - Well, that was fast. Less than a week after implementing the arrangement, Val... 
Greipel struggles to crack podium in Tour of Turkey - Andre Greipel (far right) finished eighth in Sunday's Tour o... 
New sponsors keep North Star Grand Prix alive for 2015 - The North Star Grand Prix closes out with a challenging c... 
Leadville adds three-day stage race - Owners of the Leadville 100 mountain bike race have announced the addition o... 
New sponsors keep North Star Grand Prix alive for 2015 - The North Star Grand Prix closes out with a challenging c... 
10 Obvious Superhero Weaknesses (That Supervillains Hardly Ever Exploit) 
Three Things Other Games Should Steal From Alan Wake - Sometimes I feel like there are two Alan Wakes: There’s the... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Leadville adds three-day stage race - Owners of the Leadville 100 mountain bike race have announced the addition o... 
Things You Might’ve Missed in Studio Ghibli Anime - Many Studio Ghibli movies have easter eggs, which probably sli... 
Himeji Castle, Hyogo Prefecture, Japan. - Himeji Castle, Hyogo Prefecture, Japan. August 2014. By Brian Ashcraft |... 
ESPN Airs Video Games, Twitter Freaks Out - Tonight on ESPN 2, sports fans across the world were treated not to th... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: The Bling Side Of The Force - Last week a Tokyo jeweler covered a Darth Vader helmet in gold... 
The Week In Games: Everything I Ever Wanted - A turn-based role-playing game for the PlayStation 4 featuring a gro... 
Now It's Naoto's Turn To Dance. Dance. Dance. - Every time I post a GIF from Persona 4: Dancing All Night, the com... 
Simon Yates rides through ups and downs at Liege, aims for Tour 
Results: 2015 Liege-Bastogne-Liege - 1. Alejandro VALVERDE BELMONTE, MOVISTAR TEAM, in 6:14:20 2. Julian ALAPHILIP... 
Mark Cavendish takes opener at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey 
Mark Cavendish takes opener at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey 
GTA V PC Mod Lets Players Explore Snowy North Yankton - Not satisfied with the short trips taken to Grand Theft Au... 
Here's The Call of Duty: Black Ops III Trailer - It’s official: the next Call of Duty is out on November 6. Watch ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Alejandro Valverde takes Liege-Bastogne-Liege - Alejandro Valverde played it cagey and laid down the law when it c... 
Gengar, Who Is The Best, Will Be Playable In The Pokémon Fighting Game 
PT is going to be disappearing from the PlayStation Store soon. 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course - The post Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course appeared firs... 
Renshaw looks to launch “Missile” to Tour of Turkey success - Mark Renshaw has already piloted Mark Cavendish to s... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course - The post Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course appeared firs... 
A Tale Of Two Megatrons - Once upon a time there were two Decepticon leaders. One was officially Megatron, or as c... 
What Mario's Nightmares Sound Like - Nothing gets a Staturday night party going like every sound effect in the ori... 
Martin hoping to recover from effects of Fleche Wallonne crash to contend in Liege 
Craddock set to soak in experience at Liege - Lawson Craddock suffered several broken bones in a crash in January'... 
Drapac commemorates Anzac Day, Gallipoli centenary on Tour of Turkey trip 
Craddock set to soak in experience at Liege - Lawson Craddock suffered several broken bones in a crash in January'... 
Ten Games I Want To Play On The Apple Watch - The first batch of Apple Watches arrive in users hands on Friday, wi... 
The Elder Scrolls Online Runs Pretty Well On Consoles - After a year and change as a PC exclusive, The Elder Scrol... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Nibali focused on Liege as Astana license woes fade - Though unable to pick up a big result so far, Nibali has bee... 
The Internet Reacts To The New Joker - Presenting...Jared Leto’s Joker. Read more... 
Smash Bros Pro Is Getting Sponsored By A Hentai Site - Hentai, for those not in the know, is anime and manga-theme... 
Stopping for a moment. #cycling 
Photo Essay: Women’s Fleche Wallonne - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Fleche Wallonne: Mur de ... 
Aru to pursue legal action over Henderson Tweets - Fabio Aru won stage 15 at the Giro d'Italia this year. Photo: T... 
Skyrim Modder Considers Quitting After Steam Controversy - Skyrim modder Chesko didn’t have express permission to ... 
GTA Cat Goes On Molotov Cocktail Rampage - On today’s Highlight Reel we have cat moped rampages, disappointing bru... 
Thank you! @dinesfx @kuzey3d @CaroleNewman @I_AM_DAVE_COX @danablan @IzzyPollak @The3DNinja @pointpusher @itsartmag @Mrt3D
Photo Essay: Women’s Fleche Wallonne - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Fleche Wallonne: Mur de ... 
TY @klout @CreeBulb This bulb makes my office a much brighter place! #CreeBulbPerk #kloutper… @klout #CreeBulbPerk 
I got the #CreeBulbPerk and love it. Check out how what others are saying here: 
TY @klout @CreeBulb This bulb makes my office a much brighter place! #CreeBulbPerk #kloutper… @klout #CreeBulbPerk
 
Aru to pursue legal action over Henderson Tweets - Fabio Aru won stage 15 at the Giro d'Italia this year. Photo: T... 
The Most Ridiculous Skyrim Mods People Are Trying To Sell On Steam 
Kotaku Asks: The Lead Writer And Designer Of Planescape: Torment 
Kristoff signs new contract with Katusha - Alexander Kristoff has a lot to celebrate after signing a new deal with... 
Tiralongo takes final Trentino stage, Porte wins overall - Paolo Tiralongo won the fourth stage of the Giro del Tr... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 2 New Followers, 11 Mentions, 10.8K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kristoff signs new contract with Katusha - Alexander Kristoff has a lot to celebrate after signing a new deal with... 
That's One Fugly Attack on Titan Figure - Isn’t quality control wonderful? Read more... 
Tokyo Ghoul's :re Cafe is a Real Place and You Can Visit It - *Man-eating Ghouls not included. Read more... 
TY  
Mad Max game has a Thunderdome  
RIP Francis Tsai - Acclaimed concept artist Francis Tsai, who was diagnosed with ALS in 2010 , passed away earlier... 
What The Cast Of Game Of Thrones Did Before Game Of Thrones - They’re famous now for being in Game of Thrones, but... 
Organizers unveil 2015 Tour of Utah route - The 2015 Tour of Utah will roll through the rural Heber Valley. Photo:... 
Three Bloodborne Players Race Neck-And-Neck For The Fastest Kills 
Marvel has announced a partnership with Telltale Games. - Marvel has announced a partnership with Telltale Games. ... 
Organizers unveil 2015 Tour of Utah route - The 2015 Tour of Utah will roll through the rural Heber Valley. Photo:... 
PSN Pre-Order Glitch Has Gone Ignored For Months - Resident Evil: Revelations 2 has been out for a while now, but ... 
Smash Bros. Players Found A Way To Break Mewtwo - The most menacing Pokémon of all can become quite game-breaking ... 
Report: Astana to keep its WorldTour license - It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco | B... 
Report: Astana to keep its WorldTour license - It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco | B... 
Photo Essay: Fleche Wallonne - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Fleche Wallonne: Kwiatkowski int... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Dan Martin: Dreaming of another Liege win - Dan Martin rode to victory in the 2013 edition of Liège-Bastogne-Liège... 
How to Become Pokémon World Champion - Se Jun Park won the Pokémon Video Game World Champion Master’s Division las... 
The Gold Darth Vader Helmet You've Always Wanted - The Dark Side of the Force? Oh no. This is the bling side. Read... 
Please Enjoy These Halo Stabbings - So, yesterday, I posted some animation work and said we needed to do more of i... 
Assassin's Creed Cosplay, Sans The Assassin - We’ve seen enough Ezio . The world needs more Shay cosplayers, and I... 
Velo Magazine — May 2015 - The May 2015 issue of Velo magazine is the Destinations issue and the Giro d'Italia pre... 
If you were worried that the announcement of Total War: Warhammer (why not Total Warhammer?) 
When Luke Skywalker Sucked at Being a Jedi - In the original Star Wars trilogy, we saw Luke Skywalker pull off ama... 
Porte’s Trentino stage win bolsters Giro d’Italia creds - Richie Porte was clearly the strongest rider on the day ... 
Results: 2015 La Fleche Wallonne - 1. Alejandro VALVERDE BELMONTE, MOVISTAR TEAM, in 5:08:22 2. Julian ALAPHILIPPE... 
Results: 2015 La Fleche Wallonne - 1. Alejandro VALVERDE BELMONTE, MOVISTAR TEAM, in 5:08:22 2. Julian ALAPHILIPPE... 
Froome’s Fleche Wallonne another one-day outing to forget - Sporting ripped shorts and a few cuts, Team Sky's Chri... 
High School Teachers Coaching League Of Legends Teams Is A Great Idea 
The Door That Drove Bloodborne Fans Nuts  - Inside the world of Bloodborne, there is a door. You can interact with... 
Froome’s Fleche Wallonne another one-day outing to forget - Sporting ripped shorts and a few cuts, Team Sky's Chri... 
Anna van der Breggen wins women’s Fleche Wallonne - Anna van der Breggen (Rabo-Liv) capitalized on the absence of ... 
@TESOnline Thank you. I found a work around. Installed the installer on MBP and copied Zeno folder over to iMac.
@TESOnline Please help me install ESO. Error on OS X 10.10.3. Logged a ticket but hoping for a quicker solve here. 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
In the News: Tiernan-Locke plans comeback to racing - Jonathan Tiernan-Locke was handed a two-year ban in 2014 for... 
How to Draw Detailed Buildings - Artist Thomas Romain is one of the few foreigners working in the anime industry i... 
Bulgarian Music Video Is Weird Star Wars - The latest video from Bulgarian group Deep Zone Project features some f... 
Sorry, Yes, Animation Is Also Games Art - You know what, some exceptions aside , I don’t feature the work of anima... 
Grand Theft Auto V PC Mod Gives You Super Powers - Look, sometimes you just gotta kick the shit out of a car. And ... 
PCC, WADA partner to create $6 million anti-doping research funds 
Video: LottoNL ready for Fleche’s Mur de Huy - This video is courtesy of Bell Bike Helmets. The post Video: LottoN... 
Sea Otter tech: New fatties from Trek and Specialized, vintage MTBs, and more 
Minecraft's Rocks Don't Burn, And Other Geological Lies - Are there kids out there who think the real world actual... 
Kill Everyone. Go Back In Time. Do It Again: The Video Game - You’re trapped in time. The same day won’t stop repe... 
Video: LottoNL ready for Fleche’s Mur de Huy - This video is courtesy of Bell Bike Helmets. The post Video: LottoN... 
The Brilliant Star Wars Galaxies Idea That Didn't Happen - In 2003, way before anyone could even imagine a Star Wa... 
The Robots Are Now Coming For Our Pokémon World Records - Right now, there’s a bot on Twitch playing through Pokém... 
Q&amp;A: Evelyn Stevens ready for La Fleche Wallonne - Evelyn Stevens won the 2012 women's Flèche Wallonne. She's alwa... 
Bora-Argon 18 wins Trentino stage 1 TTT - Bora-Argon 18 was the surprise winner of Giro del Trentino's stage 1 tea... 
Q&amp;A: Evelyn Stevens ready for La Fleche Wallonne - Evelyn Stevens won the 2012 women's Flèche Wallonne. She's alwa... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gallery: Sea Otter Classic men’s short track XC - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Sea Otter Classic ... 
Hey, JRPG fans! - Hey, JRPG fans! Compile Heart just announced Fairy Fencer F: Advent Dark Force. This PS4 exclusi... 
Hands-on with the Dissidia: Final Fantasy Arcade Game - This past weekend in Tokyo, Square Enix did their first lo... 
Death From Above - Andy Fisher is an artist who has done work for companies like EA, Dark Horse, Intel and Code Mo... 
GTA V's PC Graphics Settings, Compared - We’ve benchmarked GTA V on PC , but if you’re wondering just what kind of... 
Video: Pro peloton goes off-roading at Tro-Bro Leon - The peloton hits the dirt at Tro-Bo Leon. The post Video: Pr... 
Peloton thinks of Criquielion ahead of Fleche Wallonne - As always, the race is anticipated to come down to the ic... 
Peloton thinks of Criquielion ahead of Fleche Wallonne - As always, the race is anticipated to come down to the ic... 
GTA V's Franklin Just Cannot Get Past A Fence - On today’s Highlight Reel we have fence failures, fast Bloodborne ... 
Maybe Scorpion Is A Little Too Popular In Mortal Kombat X - He’s on the cover of the latest Mortal Kombat game. He... 
@CoryMogk Please bring back default LMB "H" for quickly switching menu sets in Maya. #maya #bestui #since1998 @The_Mudroom
Wilco Kelderman’s Amstel Gold Race power data - Wilco Kelderman (LottoNL-Jumbo) made it into a promising late-race... 
Nibali surprised with strong form in Amstel Gold Race - Vincenzo Nibali spent some time at the front of the Amstel... 
Video: How to change Shimano lever hoods - Global Cycling Network explains how to replace the rubber hoods on Shim... 
The First Five Minutes Of Insomniac's First-Ever PC Game - The creators of Ratchet and Clank and Sunset Overdrive ... 
BioWare's Star Wars Games Are Not Official Star Wars Canon - With the new Star Wars movies, Disney basically tosse... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gallery: USA Cycling USPRO team time trial championships - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. USA Cycli... 
Try the Hello Kitty Dim Sum in Hong Kong - According to Sanrio, this is the first Hello Kitty restaurant of its ki... 
The Attack on Titan Beauty Routine - That’s porn star Sola Aoi showing off a new Attack on Titan beauty mask. Read... 
We’ve featured both Paul Chadeisson and Strike Vector on Fine Art before, but hoo boy, I couldn’t se 
Snatcher, Now On...Virtual Boy? - Snatcher is one of the coolest video games ever made . It also, obviously, never... 
Welcome To Survival Horror, Mobile Gamers - If you’ve never played a serious survival horror game before, Human He... 
Pirate Bay Co-Founder Not Allowed To Play NES In Prison - Fredrik Neij, one of the founders of The Pirate Bay, was... 
Sea Otter tech, day three: Open gravel bike, Birzman, and more 
Gallery: Amstel Gold Race - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Amstel Gold Race: Peloton The pelot... 
Hincapie Racing Team, Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies win USA TTT nationals 
Hincapie Racing Team, Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies win USA TTT nationals 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Game And Apple Watch - The Apple Watch officially arrives this Friday, and micro-games are o... 
Star Trek Cosplay Afoot Aboard The International Space Station 
Kwiatkowski sprints to first victory in rainbow jersey in Amstel Gold Race 
Schurter, Pendrel win Sea Otter Classic cross-country - Nino Schurter (Scott-ODLO) outsprints Howard Grotts (Speci... 
Schurter, Pendrel win Sea Otter Classic cross-country - Nino Schurter (Scott-ODLO) outsprints Howard Grotts (Speci... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Eric Marcotte adds U.S. pro crit championship to his road title 
Kendall Ryan dodges crash to win U.S. women’s pro crit championship 
Sea Otter Tech: Tifosi, Pactimo, Mash and more - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Sea Otter, day 2: s... 
So Many Mandalorian Mercs At Star Wars Celebration 2015 - How many Mandalorian mercenaries can you fit in the Anah... 
Nineteen Classic Video Game Tunes In One Mellow Mix - Can you name the nineteen games that make up ThePeterson’s n... 
Kendall Ryan dodges crash to win U.S. women’s pro crit championship 
Grand Theft Auto V Benchmarked: Pushing PC Graphics To The Limit 
LEGO Batman V. Superman Teaser Is Just As Gritty As The Real Thing 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kristin Armstrong off U.S. Pan Am roster as USAC revises team selection 
Every Key Detail And Killer Moment From The Batman V. Superman Trailer 
Kristin Armstrong off U.S. Pan Am roster as USAC revises team selection 
@SaxtonJason Yes. It’ll be a good film.
In the News: Taxi driver guilty in Burry Stander case - Olympic mountain biker Burry Stander died in 2013 after be... 
Riot Starts Testing Out Lag-Killing League Of Legends Network 
Here's the Official Batman v. Superman Teaser Trailer - Let’s forget about that crappy leaked version, okay? Read ... 
In the News: Taxi driver guilty in Burry Stander case - Olympic mountain biker Burry Stander died in 2013 after be... 
Video: UnitedHealthcare TTT training camp - UnitedHealthcare will head into USA Cycling national team time trial c... 
Video: UnitedHealthcare TTT training camp - UnitedHealthcare will head into USA Cycling national team time trial c... 
Casino in the Limburg: Amstel Gold Race - The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Gold Rac... 
Kwiatkowski targets Ardennes classics for victory in rainbow stripes 
Watch The First Trailer For Star Wars Battlefront - After a decade of cancellations, false starts, and one tragic ... 
Someone's Made A Good Friday The 13th-Style Video Game - Given that I recently spent weeks rewatching every Friday... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling women in Europe - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. USA Cycling women in Euro... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 4 New Followers, 6 Mentions, 2.59K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Sea Otter Tech Day 1: Helmets, sunglasses, and more - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Sea Otter Tech... 
That Movie With Naruto's Kid Gets a Trailer - Boruto: Naruto the Movie, which stars Naruto’s son, ahem, Boruto , g... 
Mobile game Terra Battle will get a collaborative in-game event with The Last Story, reports Famitsu 
Giant Pokemon Roams The Deep, Murdering All The Fish - Artist RJ Palmer has been doing the whole “realistic Pokemo... 
Drawing Spaceships The Old-Fashioned Way - Jeff Zugale is a concept artist who has been working in and around the ... 
Mortal Kombat X Players Figure Out How To Use Unplayable Characters 
Nintendo Just Made A Lot Of New Tweaks To 3DS StreetPassing - A new update to the 3DS’ StreetPass Plaza will let y... 
UnitedHealthcare heads to crit nationals with two defending champs 
UnitedHealthcare heads to crit nationals with two defending champs 
Looks Like This Will Be The Darkest Justice League Cartoon Ever 
What We Loved (And Didn't Love) About the Daredevil TV Show - I’ve been waiting for a show about Marvel’s blind la... 
Peter Stetina: ‘I am lucky to be alive’ - Peter Stetina's 2015 season has been thrown into disarray after a catast... 
Gerrans to race Giro d’Italia after injury-filled start to 2015 
Video: GCN’s tips to perfect your climbing - Global Cycling Network's tips to improve your climbing. Editor’s Note... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gerrans to race Giro d’Italia after injury-filled start to 2015 
My Love Story Pays Homage to Japan's Most Famous Anime Bully 
The Most Gruelling Movie Jackie Chan Has Done - Not the most dangerous. Not the most painful*. Or, maybe, not even... 
GTA V Already (Kinda) Working With The Oculus Rift - It’s not perfect VR, as in this case the headset is simply re... 
2K Australia, a veteran studio that’s worked on everything from Freedom Force to Tribes to BioShock 
Video: Michelle Khare races against Ferrari through L.A. traffic 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo primed for ‘home’ race at Amstel Gold - The Amstel Gold Race is special for the Dutch LottoNL... 
Video: Michelle Khare races against Ferrari through L.A. traffic 
Three Bloodborne Enemies Who Are Just The Worst - Each enemy in Bloodborne is a jerk in its own way, but some are ... 
Here’s the first English trailer for Tales of Zestiria, which is now slated to come west this fall. 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo primed for ‘home’ race at Amstel Gold - The Amstel Gold Race is special for the Dutch LottoNL... 
Results: 2015 Brabantse Pijl - 1. Ben HERMANS, BMC RACING TEAM, in 4:45:14 2. Michael MATTHEWS, ORICA GreenEDGE, a... 
Tour of Utah names 13 men’s teams for 2015 race - The Tour of Utah should again offer a stacked field, tough racin... 
Results: 2015 Brabantse Pijl - 1. Ben HERMANS, BMC RACING TEAM, in 4:45:14 2. Michael MATTHEWS, ORICA GreenEDGE, a... 
Bloodborne's Cruelest Joke - Bloodborne is a punk. A savage, brutal punk—and I’m not just saying this because of a... 
Mortal Kombat X's Krypt Makes Unlocking Random Crap A Blast - There’s nothing I like better in a fighting game tha... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling’s U-23 &amp; junior men in Europe - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. USA Cycling... 
Amazon's first big original movie? Site is in talks with Spike Lee for 'Chiraq' - 
Square Enix Hopes You Want More Star Ocean - This week, Famitsu first revealed the latest Star Ocean title in six ... 
Nothing Says Japanese Culture Like Star Wars - Every spring in Japan, families with sons set up samurai armor disp... 
Building Badass Destiny Hand Cannons - Say what you will about Destiny, I think it's one of the best-looking games... 
Nice Town. It'd Be A Shame If Something Happened To It. - Rhys Griffiths is a freelance concept artist and illustr... 
An Adventure Game Built For The Apple Watch - Did you panic last week and stay up late to preorder a first-generat... 
Titan Souls Is An Infuriating Game, But I Love It - "FUCK," I shout, as I stomp my foot in anger. I hope my housem... 
Kristin Armstrong returns to U.S. team for Pan Am TT - Armstrong rode to her second career Olympic gold in London.... 
Tom Boonen slated to race Giro d’Italia - Mark Cavendish and Tom Boonen will race together at the Presidential Tou... 
Kristin Armstrong returns to U.S. team for Pan Am TT - Armstrong rode to her second career Olympic gold in London.... 
Video: Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia - The Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia in the Italian Dolomites. Edito... 
Almost All of Mortal Kombat X's Gory Fatalities in One Place 
The First Five Urine-Soaked Minutes Of Domestic Dog Simulator 
Video: Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia - The Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia in the Italian Dolomites. Edito... 
Gilbert back to defend title at Brabantse Pijl - Philippe Gilbert (BMC) is aiming for his third win in a row at Br... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gallery: Roubaix railroad crossing photo sequence - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Rouba... 
'Three strikes' anti-piracy scheme launched in wake of Dallas Buyers Club threat - 
Now This Is Hardcore Photography - You might think you are into photography. You probably have a camera—maybe two.... 
Here’s Your Complete Theatrhythm: Dragon Quest Song List - We’ve already been able to rock out to two Theatrhythm ... 
Video Games, 2015 - Yup. Read more... 
Here's What GTA V Looks Like On PC - If the PS4 and Xbox One versions of the game were a step up from the PS3 and ... 
Destiny’s House Of Wolves Expansion Won’t Have A Raid - Well, this is unexpected: Bungie just confirmed that Desti... 
Cities: Skylines Interchange Goes Beyond Mere Road Porn - We’ve already covered Cities: Skylines user’s fixation w... 
Cycling world sounds off on Roubaix train controversy - Sunday's Paris-Roubaix was interrupted by a high-speed TGV... 
Gallery: Yeti Cycles headquarters tour - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Yeti Cycles headquarters to... 
Could Furious 7’s Double-Skyscraper Jump Really Happen? We Asked a Physicist - 
Judge Rejects Antitrust Lawsuit Over Studio Anti-Poaching Pacts - 
French railway seeks legal action against Roubaix riders - Several riders got through a closing gate seconds befor... 
Late problems deflate Roubaix hopes for Sagan, Vanmarcke - Peter Sagan suffered some bad luck late in Sunday's Par... 
Pokémon's Newest Legendary Doesn't Seem As Cool Anymore - For over a year now, anticipation around a legendary Pok... 
My Five Favorite Kotaku Stories From Last Week - Every so often we wind up with a lot of staffers on vacation or o... 
Schurter dominates, Batty sprints to claim wins at Bonelli US Cup 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Late problems deflate Roubaix hopes for Sagan, Vanmarcke - Peter Sagan suffered some bad luck late in Sunday's Par... 
Hypocritical film and TV companies have been ripping off consumers for years, says Labor - 
Square Enix launched a new teaser site that reads “Star 20150 1.” 
The Dragon Ball Science Museum - Like science? What about Dragon Ball? Then, this exhibit could be for you. Read m... 
Wildfire Is 2D Stealth, Only With Loads Of Fireballs - Wildfire is a 2D stealth game from a small four-man team, a... 
Five Emotions You Feel Killing Bloodborne Bosses - Bloodborne (and Dark Souls/Demon’s Souls) will make you feel li... 
Mara Abbott, Phil Gaimon win overall at Redlands Bicycle Classic 
Mara Abbott, Phil Gaimon win overall at Redlands Bicycle Classic 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Roubaix: Peloton The peloto... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Roubaix: Peloton The peloto... 
Wiggins ends Sky career with guns blazing in Paris-Roubaix - Bradley Wiggins (Sky) went on the attack in the final... 
I Love Games That Use Licensed Pop Music - One of my most enduring game memories is getting into a car in Grand Th... 
This Family Really Makes Me Want To Play Farming Simulator 2015 
Pro Bike: Greg Van Avermaet’s podium BMC Granfondo RBX - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Pro Bike: G... 
A Drake-Themed Game Doesn't Have To Be Terrible - I’ll admit it, I’ll admit it. I downloaded Runnin Through The 6,... 
Good Morning, Here Are The Terrible Raps From Trials Evolution 
Results: 2015 Paris-Roubaix - 1. John DEGENKOLB, TEAM GIANT – ALPECIN, in 5:49:51 2. Zdenek STYBAR, ETIXX – QUICK ... 
From Sanremo to Roubaix, Degenkolb makes history - John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) spent much of 2014 rueing his se... 
Degenkolb wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-rider sprint - John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) earned his second monument win o... 
Head wind inbound. #cycling @ Jordan Lake 
Windy on the lake. #cycling @ Jordan Lake 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Brendan Rhim takes Redlands Crit as race leader Phil Gaimon crashes 
Brendan Rhim takes Redlands Crit as race leader Phil Gaimon crashes 
Gallery: Mechanics prepare for Paris-Roubaix - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Gallery: Mechanics pr... 
This Game About Being A Parent Is The Most Irritating Game I've Played 
A Comic Where Joanna Dark And James Bond Meet - Me and my partner in crime Irene Koh (the artist on Batgirl Secret... 
Gallery: Mechanics prepare for Paris-Roubaix - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Gallery: Mechanics pr... 
Coryn Rivera wins stage-4 criterium at Redlands Bicycle Classic 
The Japanese Developer Of Downwell Used To Be An Opera Singer 
Lest We Forget Rogue Warrior's Funky Mickey Rourke Credits Sequence 
Pro Bike Gallery: Kristoff stays aero for Roubaix - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Pro Bike: Alexan... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta a Pais Vasco, stage 6 - 1. Tom DUMOULIN, TEAM GIANT-ALPECIN, in 28:46 2. Joaquin RODRIGUEZ OL... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta a Pais Vasco, stage 6 - 1. Tom DUMOULIN, TEAM GIANT-ALPECIN, in 28:46 2. Joaquin RODRIGUEZ OL... 
Nice ride today #cycling @ Lake Crabtree County Park 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Paris-Roubaix: By the numbers - COMPIEGNE, France (VN) — Cycling’s most spectacular and brutal one-day race clicks... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix course recon - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Roubaix course... 
They're Trying To Make The Goriest Video Game Ever - It all started with one completely anatomically accurate virt... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix course recon - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Roubaix course... 
Gaimon and Abbott snatch Redlands lead on stage 3 - Phil Gaimon (Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies) and Mara Abbott (... 
Gaimon and Abbott snatch Redlands lead on stage 3 - Phil Gaimon (Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies) and Mara Abbott (... 
VeloNews partners with Cognoscenti for USA Pro Challenge tour 
Deadspin How To Attend A Sporting Event Like A Functional Adult | io9 12 Ways Humanity Could Destroy 
GTA Motorcycle Tricks That Are Smooth As Silk - On today’s Highlight Reel we have fantastic motorcycle tricks, sel... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin Roubaix recon with telemetry - Ride along with Cannondale-Garmin as the team previews Rou... 
Heads of business need neuroscience - 
Gamasutra: Dan Felder's Blog - Design Test: Improving Rock, Paper, Scissors - 
'Furious 7' had a different ending before Paul Walker died - 
After 50 years, Thunderbirds are go again - 
Mikel Landa attacks steep climbs to win Pais Vasco stage 5 - Mikel Landa (Astana) blasted up the steep final climb... 
‘Hell of the North’ set for epic battle across the pave - The Paris-Roubaix field is more open this year than in p... 
Amiibo Has A False Prophet, And His Name Is Esteban - Nintendo fans have Amiibo fever, and sometimes fevers can in... 
Kotaku Asks: The Guy Who Runs NeoGAF - Talk to just about anyone who works in gaming about the message board NeoGA... 
‘Hell of the North’ set for epic battle across the pave - The Paris-Roubaix field is more open this year than in p... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 4 Mentions, 8.74K Mention Reach, 7 Favorited. How'd your week go? via 
I scored the #CreeBulbPerk from @CreeBulb. Find out how you can save with the #CreeLED here: 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Week in Tech: Zipp tubeless wheels, Strava money, and more - The Zipp 30 Course aluminum wheels are a great width ... 
New Steins;Gate Game and Anime to Tell an Intriguing Story - Last week, 5pb. announced a new Steins;Gate game and ... 
Square Enix has shipped a million copies worldwide of Final Fantasy Type-O HD. 
Great, It's Not Like This Zelda Monster Wasn't Scary Enough - Tim Löchner is an artist from Germany who has worked... 
Murder Suspect Caught After Logging Into Victim's PlayStation Account 
Shaw and Zirbel win Redlands Big Bear TT - Ryan Roth (Silber) took over the GC lead on Thursday in the Redlands Bi... 
Shaw and Zirbel win Redlands Big Bear TT - Ryan Roth (Silber) took over the GC lead on Thursday in the Redlands Bi... 
Video: Roubaix Recon with BMC’s Daniel Oss - POV footage of Daniel Oss and Team BMC's Paris-Roubaix recon ride. Th... 
Video: Roubaix Recon with BMC’s Daniel Oss - POV footage of Daniel Oss and Team BMC's Paris-Roubaix recon ride. Th... 
U.S. government blocks Armstrong-Landis settlement - Much is at stake for the U.S. government in the case against ... 
League Of Legends Players Are Rebelling Against Overpriced Stuff 
What's The Best Shiny Pokémon You've Captured? - Some people play Pokémon for years without ever encountering any ... 
Lars Boom aims to go supersonic at Roubaix - Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de France last summer. ... 
Matt Brammeier wins his weight in beer at Ronde - Matt Brammeier got into the break at Ronde van Vlaanderen for a ... 
Sep Vanmarcke: ‘Bad moments come and go’ - On Thursday, Sep Vanmarcke (LottoNL-Jumbo) was out training on the Pari... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 4 - 1. Joaquin RODRIGUEZ OLIVER, TEAM KATUSHA, in 4:05:10 2. Bauke MOLLE... 
We Can't Always Play By The Rules - via Pain Train Read more... 
The Free Mortal Kombat Game Isn't Worth Your Time - As it turns out, Mortal Kombat X is a surprisingly decent mobi... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Cheatsheet: Riding the Paris-Roubaix cobbles - The Trouée d’Arenberg is full of holes and dips, so crashes are pre... 
The Time Hayao Miyazaki Went Off on America - Hayao Miyazaki is one of Japan’s most celebrated anime creators. He ... 
Japan's Biggest Game Heads West, And Might Not Work - The Yokai Watch games are hugely popular in Japan. For good ... 
Andy Serkis’ Imaginarium Ramps Up TV Slate with Red Arrow Deal | Variety @BeaCreativeBex @ThatMocapGirl  
I'm Going To The Store, You Need Anything? - Yap Kun Rong is a concept artist and illustrator who has over the pas... 
More Stuff Maya Angelou Didn't Say - We know that the quote on new Maya Angelou postage stamp is not hers . But I’... 
Jackson and Haedo win stage 1 of Redlands Bicycle Classic - Sebastian Haedo (Jamis-Hagens Berman) won the first st... 
Jackson and Haedo win stage 1 of Redlands Bicycle Classic - Sebastian Haedo (Jamis-Hagens Berman) won the first st... 
Erica Greif killed in car crash on way to Redlands Bicycle Classic 
The Free New Pokémon Game Bums Me Out - Right now, you can go into the 3DS’s eShop and download Pokémon Rumble Wor... 
A Tactical PC Shooter That's Like Battlefield Meets Hotline Miami 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Vuelta al Pais Va... 
Erica Greif killed in car crash on way to Redlands Bicycle Classic 
Mortal Kombat X Has a Selfie Fatality - Love them or hate them, selfies are pretty much everywhere—including Morta... 
Even Text Games Can Make You Profoundly Uncomfortable - If you wanna be grossed out by a bump on your hand, tempte... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3 - 1. Joaquin RODRIGUEZ OLIVER, TEAM KATUSHA, in 4:39:02 2. Sergio Luis... 
Tanner Putt rides breakaway into first Paris-Roubaix start - Tanner Putt jumped into the breakaway at Scheldeprijs... 
Rodriguez opens his account at stage 3 of Pais Vasco - Joaquim Rodriguez (Katusha) won stage 3 of Vuelta al Pais V... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Knaven’s Roubaix winner: A bike too good to wash - Knaven's bike is now on display in the Amsterdam Rapha store, a... 
Yokai Watch 3 will be set in the U.S. - Yokai Watch 3 will be set in the U.S. The previous entries in the huge-in-... 
Japan Invented the Selfie Stick. In 1983.  - You might have heard the story about the American who invented the or... 
Capcom Uses Wrong Street Fighter In Tournament, Has To Replay Games 
She Is The Huntress, The Killer Of Beasts - Igor Artyomenko is a freelance artist from Kazakhstan. We actually fea... 
The 27 cobblestone sectors of Paris-Roubaix - The stage is set for Sunday's Paris-Roubaix, the Queen of the Classi... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Vuelta al Pais Va... 
Hollywood Is Planning A Five Nights At Freddy's Movie - Five Nights at Freddy’s? A major motion picture? Oh how fa... 
Hearthstone Record Chasers Going For Two Massive Records At Once 
The 27 cobblestone sectors of Paris-Roubaix - The stage is set for Sunday's Paris-Roubaix, the Queen of the Classi... 
Sky regroups before Wiggins’ swan song in Roubaix - Bradley Wiggins will ride off into the sunset after Sunday's P... 
Video: Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies gears up for TTT - The Optum women's team is confident its team chemistry wi... 
So What'd You Think Of Better Call Saul? - We haven’t spent a lot of time talking about Better Call Saul, the Brea... 
The Cruelest Halo Betrayal  - Everyone has probably killed a friend in combat while playing Halo—betrayals happen.... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2 - 1. Fabio FELLINE, TREK FACTORY RACING, in 4:32:32 2. Michael MATTHEW... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo looks ahead to Roubaix - What makes the cobblestones of Roubaix so special? Bell helmets talk... 
Latest Trend for Female Geeks? "Painful" Anime Bags.  - In Japanese, they’re called “ita-bag” (痛バッグ) or, rather, “... 
Sony Exec Dies a Bunch in Bloodborne - But, then again, doesn’t everyone? Read more... 
Motorized Slingshot Fires 2000 Rounds Per Minute - Joerg Sprave, who has been making amazing rubber-band guns for ... 
Star Wars Is Being Re-Released. Again. - Laserdisc, VHS, Blu-ray... if a physical media format has existed, then i... 
Love your work! @alexgibneyfilm #genius #film #documentary #voice #truth #cycling @BenHess
@BenHess He's got a captivating voice for doc narration. An auditory version of the "Ken Burns" effect. #fim #documentary @alexgibneyfilm
@BenHess I knew you are a film maker and probably appreciate his work. His Lance and Scientolgy doc? Amazing good. And he did Sinatra.
@BenHess Are you familiar with Alex Gibney's work?
Analysis: The Winners and Losers of the 99th Ronde van Vlaanderen 
Analysis: The Winners and Losers of the 99th Ronde van Vlaanderen 
GTA Player Actually Makes This Landing - On today’s Highlight Reel we have impossible GTA stunt landings, realisti... 
Welp, Dead or Alive 5 on PC Has Nudity Mods - Surprise! The thing absolutely nobody was expecting happened: some p... 
VeloNews partners with Cognoscenti for USA Pro Challenge tour 
Matthews sprints to stage 1 win in Pais Vasco - Michael Matthews (Orica-GreenEdge) sprinted out of the peloton to ... 
Photo Essay: Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Women’s Ronde van V... 
It Took A League Player Exactly 3,439,140 Mouse Clicks To Reach Diamond 
Nobody Explains Super-Speed Like the Muppets - You always see gotta-go-fast superheroes punching people when they ... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1 - 1. Michael MATTHEWS, ORICA GreenEDGE, in 3:57:07 2. Michal KWIATKOWS... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
After Flanders flop, Sagan, Vanmarcke banking on Roubaix rebound 
Fighting Game Locations in Real-Life - Many fighting games take place all over the world. So, to bring those locat... 
Naruto Exhibit Opening in Japan - Later this month, an exhibition to mark Naruto’s conclusion kicks off in Tokyo. ... 
Gallery: 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen: Cras... 
Gallery: 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen: Cras... 
Elisa Longo Borghini finds redemption in Flanders win - Elisa Longo Borghini smiled as she phoned her family to te... 
Boof! Everyone agrees Kristoff was strongest at Flanders - OUDENAARDE, Belgium (VN) — There was a lot of Belgian s... 
Elisa Longo Borghini finds redemption in Flanders win - Elisa Longo Borghini smiled as she phoned her family to te... 
The First Five Furry Minutes Of Jazz Jackrabbit - In honor of the tattoo on my right forearm and the celebration o... 
The Week In Games: Xenoblade Take Two - The most noteworthy game releasing this week is a remastering of a Nintend... 
Today’s selection of articles from Kotaku’s reader-run community: The Road to Competitive Gaming (Pa 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Video Game Easter Eggs: The Winners! - Cease your futile hunting! We have all the video game... 
Neutral service cars take out two riders at Tour of Flanders 
Pro Bike Gallery: John Degenkolb’s Giant TCR Advanced SL - Degenkolb's father, Frank, surprised his son with this ... 
Neutral service cars take out two riders at Tour of Flanders 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders - 1. Elisa Longo Borghini, Wiggle Honda, in 3:50:43 2. Jolien D’hoore, Wiggle Honda... 
Anyone else getting the urge to climb this, deactivate the scrambler and then descend via zipline? 
There's Going to Be a Star Trek/Green Lantern Comics Crossover This July 
This Could Just Be The Absolute Best Weekend For Cosplay, Ever 
Goro Was Much Cooler Before Getting Punched In The Nuts - Gearing up for the release of Mortal Kombat X, Netherrea... 
Angel Vicioso wins 3rd GP Miguel Indurain - Katusha's Angel Vicioso won a third GP Miguel Indurain on Saturday. Ph... 
Stefan Kung solos to victory in Volta Limburg Classic - Stefan Küng said he was thinking about his runner-up finis... 
Stefan Kung solos to victory in Volta Limburg Classic - Stefan Küng said he was thinking about his runner-up finis... 
Nairo Quintana tops list of favorites for Vuelta a Pais Vasco 
Bradley Wiggins hopes Geraint Thomas works magic at Flanders 
Nairo Quintana tops list of favorites for Vuelta a Pais Vasco 
Bloodborne Bug Makes Boss Battles Way Too Easy - Having trouble with Bloodborne’s boss fights? Leave the game runn... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Video Game Easter Eggs - Tomorrow is Easter Sunday, which doesn’t give us a lot of time to d... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Pro Bike: Alexander Kristoff’s Canyon Aeroad CF SLX - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Pro Bike: Alex... 
Why Counter-Strike's Best Map Is Also A Big Problem - Dust2 is one of the most played maps in video game history. ... 
Pillars Of Eternity Makers Change Fan-Made Text After Player Complaints 
‘Super G’ Thomas leads Sky into Ronde full of confidence - Geraint Thomas rode to victory in E3 Harelbeke on March... 
‘Super G’ Thomas leads Sky into Ronde full of confidence - Geraint Thomas rode to victory in E3 Harelbeke on March... 
Rockstar Deals With GTA Cheaters In A Very GTA Way - Earlier this month, GTA players found an exploit that let the... 
The 11 Moments That Defined Fast And The Furious - The seventh Fast &amp; the Furious movie is upon us. This is an exc... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 10 New Followers, 11 Mentions, 9.2K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Yeah, Ultron’s In This Avengers Comic, But It’s Not Just a Dumb Cash-In 
Hey, Blizzard, Not Having A Surrender Option In Heroes Is A Bad Idea 
Flanders preview: Generational shift in wide-open Ronde - Without its two perennial favorites, Sunday's Tour of Fl... 
‘Sphinx’ Sagan under pressure to deliver big win at Flanders 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
‘Sphinx’ Sagan under pressure to deliver big win at Flanders 
Naruto's Son Has a Silly Name. Here's Why.  - Boruto? Really? We’re really going to run with this? Read more... 
Like independent games? - Like independent games? Live in Japan? BitSummit 2015 rolls into Kyoto on July 11 and 12... 
Incredible Bloodborne Player Beats Game Without Ever Leveling Up 
League Of Legends Should Keep Its Ridiculous April Fool's Joke Going 
Players Built An MMO Inside of Second Life, And It Looks Wild 
Sci-Fi Trailer Is Star Wars vs Halo vs Star Trek vs Mass Effect 
Sky to ride Pinarello with suspension for cobblestones - The rear shock is said to offer 10mm of compliance for th... 
Horner confirmed to race Azerbaidjan - Chris Horner will lead the Airgas-Safeway team as it heads overseas in May ... 
Astana meets UCI License Commission in effort to keep WorldTour spot 
SRAM’s New GX Drivetrain: 1- or 2-by on a Budget! #cycling  
Astana meets UCI License Commission in effort to keep WorldTour spot 
Gallery: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stages 3a and 3b - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Driedaagse... 
Gallery: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stages 3a and 3b - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Driedaagse... 
Video: GCN’s 10 riders to watch in Flanders - Global Cycling Network names the 10 riders to watch at Ronde van Vla... 
Steam Game Turns Gabe Newell Into A Boss Fight - You think you can take on Gabe Newell? Good luck! Read more... 
Legally Blind Gamer Can Finally Enjoy More PS4 Games - PlayStation 4’s recent firmware update has a bunch of cool ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3a - 1. Alexander KRISTOFF, TEAM KATUSHA, in 2:28:26 2. André GREIPEL... 
The Man Who Brought Solid Snake To Life - Solid Snake is one of gaming’s iconic characters. And in Japan, his voic... 
Yakuza 0 Does Not Want You Taking Screenshots - Take a good gander at the above image, because it’s one of the few... 
Japan's New Fire Emblem Has Four Versions, Is Crazy - The last Fire Emblem—which was amazing —was available in a s... 
Beautiful Fantasy Art That Deserves To Hang On A Wall - Eve Ventrue is a concept artist from Germany who has worke... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen to feature onboard camera footage - Onboard cameras provided a new dimension to the finishing... 
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Driedaags... 
The Best Steam Guides For Pillars of Eternity - Pillars of Eternity is goddamn fantastic . It's also sometimes int... 
Jeez, Bloodborne Sure Can Be Depressing - Bloodborne is breaking my heart. Read more... 
Video: How to improve your efficiency - GCN has four tips to improve your efficiency while on the bike. Editor’s N... 
Check out Gran Fondo 130 on Strava. Ready to tackle it? #strava #granfondo 
Gallery: Boonen, Etixx-Quick-Step preview Flanders course - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Etixx-Qu... 
Wiggins riding to the numbers for Roubaix - Bradley Wiggins (Sky) is hoping his hard work and attention to detail ... 
For The First Time, A Banned League Of Legends Pro Gets Second Chance 
The first patch for Bloodborne has gone live, fixing the Lunarium Key progression bug and removing t 
Gallery: Boonen, Etixx-Quick-Step preview Flanders course - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Etixx-Qu... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Cavendish, Oakley, and Nestle collaborate on nutrition product 
The Fast And The Furious As a SNES Racing Game - Top Gear 2 would have looked like this with an extended storyline... 
Why the New Japanese Godzilla Movie Might Be Damn Good - Toho is planning a new Japanese Godzilla movie. That’s ex... 
Burger King Cologne Is Real, Smells Like Tacos - This is not a fake April Fools’ Day joke. You can actually buy Bu... 
The Best (And Worst) April Fools' Day Jokes For 2015 - Ah, April 1. It's a day where loads of things on the intern... 
Witcher 3 Could Be 200+ Hours Long #gamedev #nuts #game #nextgen 
GTA V's Trevor Got Beaten Up On Better Call Saul - Last night’s episode of Better Call Saul—the best show on telev... 
RIP PlayStation Home, 2008-2015 - PlayStation Home, one of the most ambitious (and weirdest) things Sony has ever ... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Peyresourde (Luchon) - The Col Collective climbs the Col de Peyresourde from the ... 
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Driedaags... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Peyresourde (Luchon) - The Col Collective climbs the Col de Peyresourde from the ... 
Pixar's RenderMan Software Is Now Free #animation #thisnevergetsold #killernews 
GDC Vault Opens: Hundreds Of Talks To Watch For Free #gamedev 
Grand Theft Auto V PC at 60 Frames-Per-Second: Official Trailer Coming Thursday April 2 10am ET #gamedev #PC #rush 
Today's the day Sony shuts down PlayStation Home for good #PS4 #PS3 #SONY 
Raptr grabs $14 million in new funding, launches 
In the News: Italian federation chief criticizes UCI over Astana case 
Dowsett set to take on hour record May 2 - Alex Dowsett (Movistar) has set a new date to attempt the hour record, ... 
Assassin's Creed Chronicles Is Now A Trilogy Set In China, India, Russia 
The Best, Weirdest Mario/Zelda Crossovers - Late last year, it was revealed that Link would become a racer in Mari... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1 - 1. Alexander KRISTOFF, TEAM KATUSHA, in 3:59:31 2. Jens DEBUSSCHE... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Riis says goodbye to Tinkoff-Saxo; unclear if he hopes to continue in cycling #cycling 
SRAM Unveils New Guide Ultimate Brake #cycling 
Kristoff commands GC lead at De Panne after stage 1 win - Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) sprinted to a win and the o... 
Why a Tekken 7 Character Is Being Called a Phoney - This is Josie Rizal. The recently revealed character is Tekken... 
Deadline reports screenwriter Jay Basu is now writing the years-in-development Metal Gear Solid movi 
The curious case of Peter Sagan - Cycling Weekly

#cycling 
Quick tips from a game dev attorney @brandonjhuffman #gamedev 
Practical Magic: The State of the VFX Industry in 2015, Part 2 - Hug a VFX Artist #vfx #animation #cgi 
‘Interstellar’ Blasts off on Disc #animation 
Photo of the Day: Ryan Martinez in Altadena #cycling 
"XC racing legend Tinker Juarez" 
Playing Half-Life 2: Update's Enhanced Intro - It's one thing to see a hand-picked comparison video , it's another... 
Future Assassin Has Murdered All The Wallpaper - Mark Kolobaev is a freelance illustrator and concept artist from ... 
Mortal Kombat X's Fatalities Are Bloody As Hell - I'm sure not every fatality is in here, because marketing, but t... 
Pikachu Amiibo, all dressed up and ready to go. - Pikachu Amiibo, all dressed up and ready to go. You can check ou... 
UnitedHealthcare enjoys success at home and abroad - The UnitedHealthcare women's criterium squad delivered a domi... 
UnitedHealthcare enjoys success at home and abroad - The UnitedHealthcare women's criterium squad delivered a domi... 
Bike Test: Specialized S-Works Enduro 650b #cycling 
Richie Porte, Geraint Thomas and Sky dominate WorldTour rankings #cycling 
Watch: Geraint Thomas blown off his bike and Jack Bauer’s bike throw #cycling 
Bradley Wiggins will win Paris-Roubaix, says Luca Paolini 
‘Home’ Scores $54 Million in Domestic Debut 
Item-Duping Glitch Makes Bloodborne Way Easier, Kinda Ruins The Game 
The Episode Of Pro Wrestling Most Worth Watching Each Year Airs Tonight 
Wiggins hopes to bounce back at Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde 
Wind like never before in Belgium’s Gent-Wevelgem classic - Sunday's Gent-Wevelgem saw scenes of incredible carnag... 
Wiggins hopes to bounce back at Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda - The post Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda appeared first on Vel... 
How does stem length affect a bike’s steering and handling? 
Photo of the Day: Matt Foreman in SoCal 
Photo of the Day: Zap In the Saddle, Breaking Conventions Yet Again 
Tinkoff-Saxo and Riis part ways 
Wiggins on form and ready for final Classics with Team Sky 
Has Rockstar really downgraded GTA 5? • 
Jurassic World's latest trailer says the park opens June 12 
Halo 5: Guardians launches Oct. 27, see the new live-action trailer 
Spotify launches today on PS4 and PS3 with PlayStation Music 
Designing Batgirl To Fit Chris Nolan's Batman Movies 
The Schoolgirl Sim In Which You Kill People - Think a smitten, Japanese schoolgirl version of Patrick Bateman. Tha... 
World of Warcraft's New 10-Man Raid Nearly Beaten by Group of Five 
Designing Batgirl To Fit Chris Nolan's Batman Movies - Serg Souleiman is a freelance concept artist who has worked... 
Ronda Rousey Just Killed Wrestlemania Wearing A Dragon Ball Z Shirt 
Gallery: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: Crosswinds The pel... 
Gallery: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: Crosswinds The pel... 
Mortal Kombat Producer Walks Away From Twitter Over Family Threats 
GTA V PC Screens Look Great, Are Not Delayed - Rockstar released these Grand Theft Auto V screens over the weekend... 
Tinkoff-Saxo, Bjarne Riis part ways - The party's over: Oleg Tinkov (left) and Bjarne Riis have parted ways. Photo... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 3 - 1. Jean-Christophe PERAUD, AG2R LA MONDIALE, in 5:19:05 2. Pierri... 
Tinkoff-Saxo, Bjarne Riis part ways - The party's over: Oleg Tinkov (left) and Bjarne Riis have parted ways. Photo... 
New Jersey Game Store Swatting Takes An Uglier Turn - Gamers attending a monthly social gathering at Digital Press... 
Target's Taking 25% off Amiibo Today. Get Them While They Last.  
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 7 - 1. Alejandro VALVERDE BELMONTE, MOVISTAR TEAM, in 2:47:33 2. Bryan COQU... 
Sky’s classics campaign, already rolling, picks up speed with Bradley Wiggins 
Trek, Fabian Cancellara see their plans broken on the cobbles of E3 Harelbeke 
Sky’s classics campaign, already rolling, picks up speed with Bradley Wiggins 
Asus ROG G751JY-DH71 Gaming Laptop: The Kotaku Review - "You make bad decisions" said a coworker as I pulled the r... 
From the talented JonasDrawsStuff (whose Rocket Raccoon is my desktop wallpaper) by way of Reddit co 
I solemnly swear to backup my important stuff on World Backup Day, March 31st. Take the pledge! 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Volta a Catalunya: V... 
Walking and not riding today. #cycling #winterblows @ Peak of Good Living 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 6 - 1. Sergei CHERNETSKI, TEAM KATUSHA, in 4:42:47 2. Julian ALAPHILIPPE, E... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 6 - 1. Sergei CHERNETSKI, TEAM KATUSHA, in 4:42:47 2. Julian ALAPHILIPPE, E... 
Fabio Felline wins ITT at Criterium International; Ben King holds lead 
A Simple Song Swap Makes The Mortal Kombat X TV Spot So Much Better 
Now Marvel Wants You To Subscribe To Clothing, Too! - Not content with having a multimedia empire spanning comic b... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 1a - 1. Benjamin KING, TEAM CANNONDALE-GARMIN, in 2:06:43 2. Clement ... 
Pixar's Powerful 3D Rendering Software RenderMan Is Now Free to Use 
New uploader app lets you send photos to Instagram directly from your Mac 
The Legend of Zelda on Wii U won't come out in 2015 
Reminder: Nintendo Is Always Delaying Major Zelda Games - Today, Nintendo's Eiji Aonuma announced that the upcomin... 
Quintana’s cobblestone adventure ends safely with confidence for Tour 
The Sagan star flickering - Aside from one victory at Tirreno-Adriatico, Tinkoff-Saxo's Peter Sagan has yet to fin... 
The Sagan star flickering - Aside from one victory at Tirreno-Adriatico, Tinkoff-Saxo's Peter Sagan has yet to fin... 
What's Your Most Memorable Video Game Victory? - Your whole team’s dead. The clock is ticking and the pressure is ... 
Choose wisely. - Choose wisely. Read more... 
Gallery: 2015 E3 Harelbeke - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 E3 Harelbeke: Early crash E3 Harel... 
Surprise! Doom Is Still An Incredible Game - I have a confession to make: my introduction to shooters began with H... 
Bloodborne players, make sure you don't summon or invade anyone during the game's Forbidden Woods se 
Valverde wins again in Catalunya - Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) attacked his way to win number two at Volta a Cat... 
Thomas emerges victorious from crash-marred E3 Harelbeke - Geraint Thomas (Sky) claimed his first big spring class... 
Thomas emerges victorious from crash-marred E3 Harelbeke - Geraint Thomas (Sky) claimed his first big spring class... 
Greg van Avermaet goes head over heels at E3 Harelbeke (video) - Cycling Weekly 
Vertebral fractures confirmed for Cancellara, Classics season over 
Seven ways to find great new places to ride 
Why the beers are on Peter Sagan this weekend 
Cancellara out of Classics after E3 Harelbeke crash 
Road bike wheels buyer’s guide 
Video: 10 riders to watch in E3 Harelbeke and Gent-Wevelgem 
How I did on Twitter this week: 3 Mentions, 2.83K Mention Reach, 2 Retweets. How'd your week go? via 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Racing without Boonen: Etixx-Quick-Step refits classics tactics without star 
Hrrrmmmmm! 
Interesting app. 
It's Friday, Why Not Play Some Super Mario 64 in Your Browser? 
The Real Story Behind Kumiko: The Treasure Hunter - New release Kumiko: The Treasure Hunter is based on an urban l... 
DC's Infinite Crisis Has Officially Launched. Let's Play. - After an eternity in beta, Turbine's DC Comics-based M... 
Yes, I Would Watch A Gears Of War Cartoon Series - There's no such thing, of course, but we can dream. Marcus and ... 
The First Five Character Building Minutes Of Pillars Of Eternity 
Here's Portal Running On The 3DS. Pity Valve Didn't Make It. 
Q&amp;A: L’Eroica founder Brocci brings golden age of cycling to California 
Utrecht marks 100 days to Tour de France start - In October, Tour de France director, Christian Prudhomme, and the... 
Stress Test: Specialized S-Works Road shoes - Tech reporter Logan VonBokel evaluates over a year's worth of riding... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 4 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Volta a Catalunya, s... 
Facebook's drone prototype has wingspan greater than a Boeing 737 
Facebook: Games for Oculus Rift will arrive in 2015 
Lone modder’s Half-Life 2: Update brings modern graphics to a classic 
Van Garderen bounces back with stage 4 win in Catalunya - One day after a harrowing crash in Volta a Catalunya, Te... 
Problems still brewing in team Tinkoff-Saxo - Bjarne Riis (left) and team owner Oleg Tinkov (right) seem to be at ... 
My Time In Police Cars - The world outside looks different when you see it through the windows of a police car. An... 
You might want learn more about the meaning of Dope after watching this frenetic, throwback-inflecte 
Van Garderen bounces back with stage 4 win in Catalunya - One day after a harrowing crash in Volta a Catalunya, Te... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Abu Dhabi Tour announces four-stage race route - ABU DHABI, United Arab Emirates — Organizers announced the route ... 
Pixar Releases Free Non-Commercial RenderMan 
Lessons People Learned from Resident Evil - Resident Evil was released in 1996, and changed the gaming world. It a... 
The Anime History You Don't Know - You may think because you've logged impressive viewing hours, you know everythi... 
Doom Cosplay Is Ready To Rip And Tear - When you're cosplaying from a low-fi game, low-fi cosplay is required. Awe... 
Track: Vietnow | Album: Evil Empire | Artist: Rage Against The Machine 
A Very Strange Way To Stop People Getting Sick Using VR - If you haven't used one of the newer virtual reality hea... 
Yeah Boy, Someone Figured Out How To Mod Hearthstone - Cards featuring top Hearthstone players. Cards with Flava F... 
Q&amp;A: Pinot building form into Criterium International - Thibault Pinot (FDJ) heads into Critérium International wi... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Volta a Catalunya, s... 
Q&amp;A: Pinot building form into Criterium International - Thibault Pinot (FDJ) heads into Critérium International wi... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Volta a Catalunya, s... 
Pixar Releases Free Noncommercial RenderMan 
After a year, Pixar sets Renderman software free (as in beer) | Ars Technica 
Now You Can Download Pixar’s Rendering Software For Free | Co.Design | business + design 
Pozzovivo wins Catalunya stage 3 with solo attack - Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r La Mondiale) attacked late in stage 3... 
Pozzovivo wins Catalunya stage 3 with solo attack - Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r La Mondiale) attacked late in stage 3... 
Wallays and Theuns go one-two at Dwars door Vlaanderen - Jelle Wallays (Topsport Vlaanderen-Baloise) won Dwars doo... 
Donnie Darko Mixed With Majora's Mask Works Surprisingly Well 
First-Person Crossy Road Would Kill Me - Endless traffic hopper Crossy Road is a delightfully frustrating game. Sw... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Video: How to boost your power on the bike - Global Cycling Network explains some basic training techniques that c... 
Tokyo Hamburger Restaurant Covered in Anime  - No, no. Not every burger restaurant in Japan is like this. Too bad,... 
The PS4's next firmware update, 2.50 "Yukimura," goes live tomorrow. 
Christoph Strasser Sets New 24-Hour Cycling Record | Bicycling #cycling 
The Moment I Lost Everything In Bloodborne - In terms of the way we discuss it, playing From Software games is kin... 
The Division Looks...Cold - Ryan Hawkins is an artist who has worked on games like The Division, Hawken and Aliens... 
Video: Behind the scenes at Milano-Sanremo with John Degenkolb 
Andreu celebrates victory despite life being ‘destroyed’ - Betsy and Frankie Andreu found themselves in Lance Arms... 
Andreu celebrates victory despite life being ‘destroyed’ - Betsy and Frankie Andreu found themselves in Lance Arms... 
Shadow Of Mordor: Just As Funny In The Real World - Shadow of Mordor is already a pretty funny video game . Still,... 
Rust Chooses Players' Race For Them, Things Get Messy - Many games let you choose your character's race, but not R... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 2 - CCC Sprandi Polkowice worked to maintain its grasp on the overall lead,... 
Waregem and Harelbeke: A time to test for classics teams - Wednesday's Dwars door Vlaanderen and Friday's E3 Harle... 
Mario Zorzoli reinstated as UCI doctor and scientific advisor 
Mario Zorzoli reinstated as UCI doctor and scientific advisor 
A Brief History of Slender Man, The Internet's Boogeyman - Slender: The Arrival launches on PlayStation 4 today, a... 
That Majora's Mask New 3DS XL Will Be Back In Stock Tomorrow 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Technical FAQ: Wide gear ranges, mixing drivetrains, and more 
First Look at the New Astro Boy Reboot - Never mind that there was already an Astro Boy reboot in 2009. Or that th... 
Beard Growth Comes to Video Games - Finally! As anyone with facial hair will tell you, it grows. Except in video g... 
20 Hours In, I'm Obsessed With Bloodborne - The Blood-Starved Beast has poisoned me. I've run out of antidote and ... 
Watch Me Play Bloodborne, Live [UPDATE: Stream Over] - Our impressions of the new PS4 game Bloodborne are now live... 
Rayark's 'Implosion' Appears to be Submitted to Apple for Approval 
Riis out at Tinkoff? Silence is deafening - Rumors are spreading that Tinkoff-Saxo team owner Oleg Tinkov (right) ... 
42-Player Civilization Game Fixed, Resumes Destruction Of Planet Earth 
I don't watch many trailers for upcoming games these days, especially when it's for a game I'll like 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 1 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Volta a Catalunya, s... 
Riis out at Tinkoff? Silence is deafening - Rumors are spreading that Tinkoff-Saxo team owner Oleg Tinkov (right) ... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Izoard (Briancon) - The Col Collective tackles the Col d'Izoard from the Briançon... 
No more Meaux: Mo Bruno Roy retires from pro cyclocross - Mo Bruno Roy and Matt Roy were all smiles after Mo locke... 
Paterski wins as breakaway succeeds in Catalunya - Maciej Paterski (CCC Sprandi Polkowice) sprinted out of the bre... 
No more Meaux: Mo Bruno Roy retires from pro cyclocross - Mo Bruno Roy and Matt Roy were all smiles after Mo locke... 
"Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory gave me brain damage." - "Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory gave me brain damage." This sho... 
The First Five Fairytale Minutes Of Woolfe: The Red Hood Diaries 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Video: GCN’s guide to selecting gearing for your bike - Global Cycling Network explains how to choose the right ch... 
Some Sneakers Age Like Shit - One pair to rock, and one pair to stock, right? Sneakerheads might amass a large col... 
About half of the studio behind Driveclub are getting laid off, according to Eurogamer. 
Damn, Ori And The Blind Forest Is So Beautiful - Ori and the Blind Forest is a pretty good video game! But we're n... 
Nash and Cooper win U.S. Cup round two at Fontana - The Luna team took control of round two of the U.S. Cup, and K... 
Brutal Half-Life Mod Soaks Gordon Freeman In Blood - If you've never heard of it, Brutal Doom is a mod that turns ... 
Um, There Are Zombies In Buck Hunter Now - Look, there's only so many years you can keep shooting innocent defence... 
Gallery: 2015 Milano-Sanremo - John Degenkolb was delighted to win Milano-Sanremo. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWsport.... 
For John Degenkolb to shine in Sanremo, other stars had to fade 
For John Degenkolb to shine in Sanremo, other stars had to fade 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Gaming With Paula Deen: Winners! - Former Food Network personality Paula Deen deserved a bet... 
Fossil Fighters: Frontier's Australian Character Seems Legit  
Results: 2015 Milano-Sanremo - 1. John DEGENKOLB, TEAM GIANT-ALPECIN, in 6:46:16 2. Alexander KRISTOFF, TEAM KATUS... 
John Degenkolb wins 2015 Milano-Sanremo - John Degenkolb sprinted to victory on Sunday in Milano_Sanremo. Photo: A... 
Results: 2015 Milano-Sanremo - 1. John DEGENKOLB, TEAM GIANT-ALPECIN, in 6:46:16 2. Alexander KRISTOFF, TEAM KATUS... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
These Colorful Liquid Droplets Chase Each Other Like Living Organisms 
Sixth-Scale Hoth Commander Luke Skywalker Never Learns - It doesn't matter if it's 1980 on the silver screen or on... 
Today's stop. #cycling @ The Streets at Southpoint 
Alexis Gougeard wins Classic Loire Atlantique - Alexis Gougeard won the Classic Loire Atlantique with a late escap... 
Iljo Keisse leads Etixx-Quick-Step sweep at Ronde van Zeeland Seaports 
Iljo Keisse leads Etixx-Quick-Step sweep at Ronde van Zeeland Seaports 
iZombie's Video Game Cameo Is Almost Perfect - Don't looks so sad, zombie girl. You may be undead, but at least yo... 
The New Transformers Is Off To A Shaky Start, And That's Just Prime 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Guy Uses Team Fortress 2 To Come Out To His Friends - Coming out to friends about any sort of sexuality or queer i... 
Three Fourths Home now has an extended edition. - Three Fourths Home now has an extended edition. The new version ... 
Etixx leads-out Meersman to Handzame victory - Gianni Meersman's Etixx-Quick-Step team controlled the race at the ... 
Why People Are Arguing About Women Streamers Showing Skin - For the past few days, popular Twitch broadcasters and... 
Heroes Of The Storm Could Use Some Better Skins - Heroes of the Storm is a great-looking game compared to the othe... 
Video: Full recap of U.S. Cup round one in Bonelli Park - Watch racing action from last weekend's first round of t... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 5 New Followers, 3 Mentions, 2.04K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Video: Fat bike carnage in Felt’s ‘Double Dare’ - Felt tests the limits of its fat bike in "Double Dare." Felt Dou... 
Swift dreaming of Milano-Sanremo glory - Ben Swift rode to third place in the 2014 Milano-Sanremo, despite getting... 
MTN-Qhubeka punching above its weight in Sanremo - Gerald Ciolek rode to a surprise win in a weather-ravaged Milan... 
The second episode of Life is Strange is out next Tuesday, March 24. 
Affordable Space Adventures: The Basics - What is it? Why, it's a Wii U game that uses what's special about the Wi... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Week in Tech: Nuun’s non-profit work, a new GPS unit, and more 
First Look at the Naruto Stage Musical - Maybe it's good! There's a big difference between looking at stills and s... 
Tales of Zestiria Takes a Cue from Classic Literature - Imagine if Don Quixote was a JRPG and the title character ... 
Thanks! “@MIKA_GMR: #FF @Joanne_Loh @vmdolphin @MadelineTW @ARstories @odd_enough @sisk_meli @ianzeigler @AdienDendra @kukas81 @KeremGogus”
Rejected DOTA 2 Character Redesigns Are... Interesting - DOTA 2 hero Faceless Void is getting a visual overhaul. T... 
360-degree Waterslide Looks Like A Vomit Tube - The SkyCaliber water slide is opening next year at New Jersey's Ac... 
Giant 42-Player Civilization Game Breaks Down, May Never Finish 
Someone Actually Beat The Ridiculous Mario 64 'Chaos Edition' 
Velo Magazine — April 2015 - The April 2015 issue of Velo magazine is now available. The April 2015 edition of Vel... 
Gerrans slated to return to racing at Pais Vasco - After missing out on wintertime racing in Australia with a brok... 
Chad Haga Journal: Welcome to the WorldTour - The highlight of Chad Haga's Tirreno-Adriatico was his stage 3 break... 
Nizzolo claims sprint win at GP Nobili - Giacomo Nizzolo (Trek Factory Racing) celebrated his first win of 2015 af... 
The Two-Year-Old Pokémon Card Thief - Welcome to Retail Hell, our new regular feature collecting the best and wors... 
The Problem With League Of Legends' Lore - Keeping track of lore in a MOBA often seems as valuable as watching po... 
Nizzolo claims sprint win at GP Nobili - Giacomo Nizzolo (Trek Factory Racing) celebrated his first win of 2015 af... 
Bardiani-CSF leads Italian cycling into a new era - Bardiani-CSF is a departure from the Italian super-teams of ye... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
In the News: SRAM single-ring road drivetrain coming soon? - The Specialized Venge Lunch Race is designed around a... 
Incredible Japanese Cardboard Creations  - Meet Monami Ohno. The art school grad excels at making highly detailed ... 
Get Rich Beating People Up in Yakuza 0 - Yakuza 0 rewards you for beating the crap out of street thugs and gangste... 
Why Does Link Cry In Majora's Mask? It's...Pretty Dark - OK, so every time Link puts on a mask in Majora's Mask, h... 
Bad Men Destroy 12 Retro Consoles, Film It - WIRED's Battle Damage thought it would be fun to take 12 old consoles... 
Every Time I Beat A Demon's Souls Boss, I Feel Like A Badass 
Track: Courtesy | Album: PRhyme | Artist: PRhyme - Track: Courtesy | Album: PRhyme | Artist: PRhyme Read more... 
Tinkoff-Saxo builds Sanremo team around Sagan - Peter Sagan's win at Tirreno-Adriatico was just what the young rid... 
USA Cycling announces 2015 professional road nationals courses 
USA Cycling announces 2015 professional road nationals courses 
Boeckmans wins Nokere Koerse in cobbled sprint - Wednesday's Nokere Koerse race in Belgium was Kris Boeckman's (Lo... 
Cavendish uncertain ahead of Sanremo - Mark Cavendish is hoping to win a second Milano-Sanremo this weekend, but h... 
Cavendish uncertain ahead of Sanremo - Mark Cavendish is hoping to win a second Milano-Sanremo this weekend, but h... 
Nintendo will be making mobile games in the future, but we don't know much about their plans yet. 
How One League Of Legends Champion Has Changed Over Five Years 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Video: How to build endurance with limited training time - Editor’s Note: This video is courtesy of Global Cycling... 
Burger King Perfume Coming to Japan. Apparently.  - And it seems the fragrance, which is dubbed "Flame-Grilled," w... 
Elder Scrolls Plush is Not Poisonous, Just Cute - Netch are basically giant land jellyfish, domesticated in the re... 
I'm Glad These Halo 3 Cutscenes Didn't Make The Cut - The Halo series has always been a great source of '30 second... 
Dreamcast Theme For Nintendo 3DS Reopens Old Wounds - Look, I know, Sega and Nintendo have been working together f... 
Tour of Britain announces 2015 route - Dylan van Baarle (Cannondale-Garmin) won the 2014 edition of the Tour of Br... 
Cancellara’s spiritual moment key with Sanremo and classics looming 
Haha, You Can Preorder A Nintendo NX - But please, whatever you do, don't . You don't even know what it is. Read m... 
Assassin's Creed Has The Worst Scottish Accent I've Ever Heard 
Tour of Britain announces 2015 route - Dylan van Baarle (Cannondale-Garmin) won the 2014 edition of the Tour of Br... 
Cancellara gets revenge in final Tirreno TT, Quintana confirms GC 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo on Milano-Sanremo - LottoNL-Jumbo talks about what makes Milano-Sanremo so difficult. The pos... 
You Might Not Like The Company Making Nintendo's Mobile Games 
7 Ways That People Died Trying To Become Immortal - Would you risk your life if you thought it might mean extendin... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo on Milano-Sanremo - LottoNL-Jumbo talks about what makes Milano-Sanremo so difficult. The pos... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Powertap launches pedal- and chainring-based power measurement 
Nintendo's Next System Is Code-Named The NX - At a press conference announcing their big mobile gaming deal , Nint... 
Let's Compare the Tales of Zestiria Anime to the Game - In late December 2014, a special anime covering the first ... 
The Leviathan Is An Awesome Sci-Fi Short About A...Giant Space Whale 
142 Beautiful Photos Of Blade Runner's Model Cars, Buildings 
The Goat From Goat Simulator Would Make An Excellent Dota 2 Courier 
A Horror Game That Haunts Your Phone When You're Not Playing 
After Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 victory, is Sagan under pressure to win more? 
Uran realistic about Tirreno TT, enthusiastic about Giro’s - Rigoberto Uran (Etixx-Quick-Step) lost some time on T... 
Uran realistic about Tirreno TT, enthusiastic about Giro’s - Rigoberto Uran (Etixx-Quick-Step) lost some time on T... 
John Oliver Tears Into The NCAA With Fake Sports Game - John Oliver spent 20 minutes viciously ripping apart the N... 
In Portland, Cosplayers Fit Right In - It makes sense that the guy who played a Real Nerd Guy on Portlandia is int... 
Terminillo blizzard at Tirreno-Adriatico reignites weather debate 
Peter Sagan sprints to his first win of 2015 in Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 
Peter Sagan sprints to his first win of 2015 in Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Video: Col Collective descends the Passo Gavia - Editor’s Note: This video is courtesy of The Col Collective. The ... 
Mega Man creator Keiji Inafune's 3DS action-RPG about a pirate penguin, Kaio: King of Pirates, has b 
Possibly The Saddest Portal Song Ever - Will it make you feel bad about flinging/toppling/portaling all those turr... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Gaming With Paula Deen - Did you see the creepy commercial for Paula Deen's new mobile game ... 
SimCity Artist Now Making Sweet Cities: Skylines Buildings - Bryan Shannon used to be part of Maxis , where he wor... 
Ralph Bakshi
#IMDb @ralphbakshi #FS. Yep! That's follow Sunday! Love his work. #animation #LOTR  
@ralphbakshi So many excellent memories of this film. I was in high school when it came out. It made the books come alive.
With poor form and a troubled team, Vincenzo Nibali is neither saying nor doing much 
In the News: Guess who’s coming back to the Tour (kind of)? - Lance Armstrong reportedly has agreed to join portio... 
With poor form and a troubled team, Vincenzo Nibali is neither saying nor doing much 
The Week In Games: Episode Duscae - This isn't the Week in Games you wanted but fear not, there's a demo for the W... 
Dude Builds Civ Wonder In Front Of Actual Wonder - When Peripatet was in Jordan visiting the ancient wonder of Pet... 
2015 work in progress. 29lbs to go. #fitbit #selfiesunday #cycling 
My war room. #ikea @tophermartini #cycling 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 5 - Nairo Quintana didn't beat the snow home, but he beat everyone else. Ph... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 7 - Richie Porte was on a mission to retake lost time, and he succeeded. Photo: Ti... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 7 - Richie Porte was on a mission to retake lost time, and he succeeded. Photo: Ti... 
Nairo Quintana climbs through snow to lead Tirreno-Adriatico 
SpotPass Exploit Gives 3DS Owners Unlimited Special Guest Miis 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Agents Of Nvidia Shield: Winners!  - Last week's 'Shop Contest asked our readers to envision... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Richie Porte wins final ITT to take Paris-Nice title - Richie Porte en route to winning the final stage and the ov... 
No One Can Handle Six Pies At Once, Even On Ultimate Pi Day - It's March 14, 2015, the last day the U.S. date will... 
Talking Toasters, Pop Rocks And Other Fun Stuff Cut From Fallout 2 
Looks Like There's Going To Be A Final Fantasy Type-1 - While Final Fantasy Type-0 HD isn't due out in North Ameri... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Nice: Kwiatkowski yel... 
Battle of the grand-tour stars slated Sunday on Terminillo - Alberto Contador may be the man to watch as Tirreno-A... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Nice: Kwiatkowski yel... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6 - 1. Tony GALLOPIN, LOTTO SOUDAL, in 4:52:57 2. Simon SPILAK, TEAM KATUSHA, at :... 
Tony Gallopin leads Paris-Nice after stage-6 victory - Tony Gallopin takes stage 6 and the overall lead with one s... 
Jolien D’hoore claims 2015 women’s World Cup kickoff - Jolien D’hoore (Wiggle-Honda) won the opening round of the ... 
Jolien D’hoore claims 2015 women’s World Cup kickoff - Jolien D’hoore (Wiggle-Honda) won the opening round of the ... 
Natural Selection Has Been Very Kind To Slugcat. Now You Need to Help. 
The Official LEGO Kwik-E-Mart Is Also Cursed - Following up on last year's spectacular Simpsons house set , LEGO r... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Youcef Reguigui takes lead at 2015 Tour de Langkawi - Youcef Reguigui roars to the stage win and the overall lead ... 
Someone Recreated GTA V's Los Santos In Cities: Skylines - Rome wasn't built in a day, but I'm starting to get the... 
The Shape That's Everywhere In Mass Effect - There's no getting around it: a lot of modern, graphically intense ga... 
Paula Deen's New Game Commercial Is Totally Batshit - "Are you ready to have some fun? " asks Paula Deen, as the r... 
The GDC I Saw After One of Gaming's Roughest Years - It's Monday, March 2nd, the first day of the Game Developers ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 3 - There was some bumping and jostling for position coming into the final ... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 5 - Thomas De Gendt kept the pace high. shedding the other riders in the break one... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 3 - There was some bumping and jostling for position coming into the final ... 
Natnael Berhane in driver’s seat for GC result at Tour de Langkawi 
I Have Failed To Impress The Gods - I thought I'd be showing off a thrilling victory to you today, Kotaku readers.... 
Maybe video games are better without characters? - Maybe video games are better without characters? Ian Bogost exp... 
Cimolai takes Paris-Nice stage 5 after De Gendt caught inside final kilometer 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 5 - 1. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – MERIDA, in 4:12:09 2. Bryan COQUARD, TEAM EUROPCAR... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 5 - 1. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – MERIDA, in 4:12:09 2. Bryan COQUARD, TEAM EUROPCAR... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 4 Mentions, 3.96K Mention Reach, 1 Retweets. How'd your week go? via 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
UCI announces anti-doping measures in response to CIRC - UCI president Brian Cookson says the CIRC report makes it... 
The Face of Japan Is Changing, But Some Aren't Ready  - Change happens slowly in Japan, but it does happen. You wa... 
Tenchi is Back! - And all the ladies are still after him. Too bad it's a bit of a letdown. Read more... 
TY @MIKA_GMR: #FF @Joanne_Loh @vmdolphin @MadelineTW @ARstories @odd_enough @sisk_meli @ianzeigler @AdienDendra @kukas81 @KeremGogus
Maybe This Thing Will Make PC Gaming On The Couch A Little Easier 
Custom "SNES" New 3DS Is Pretty Much The Perfect Nintendo Handheld 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, s... 
Sagan short on words and results ahead of classics - Although Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) holds the white jersey as... 
It's Been A Helluva Couple Weeks For Video Game Music - Whether you want lush orchestral tracks of murderous dance... 
Cities: Skylines, As Told By Steam Reviews - So, turns out Cities: Skylines is a pretty rad game . People like it ... 
@fitbit Recording in "calories left" is not usable in your app anymore after less than 60 days. Way too slow. Why?
App slow? : fitbit

@fitbit 
@fitbit Your app is very unstable and slow after less than 60 days of use. I've resorted to the web for data entry. What am I doing wrong?
Video: GCN’s top-10 beards in pro cycling - Global Cycling Network picks its 10 favorite beards in the pro peloton... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4: Peloto... 
Wonder Woman Gets Pants, Superman Loses Cape - Two of DC's holy trinity are getting radically new looks this summe... 
If Someone Hacks Your PSN Account, You're Kinda Screwed - Over the past few years, Sony's PlayStation Network has ... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4: Peloto... 
Team Sky begins GC hunt atop Frasier’s Hill at Tour de Langkawi 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Porte climbs to stage 4 win at Paris-Nice - Richie Porte (Sky) won stage 4 of Paris-Nice Thursday after surging ah... 
Inside Japan's New One Piece Theme Park - Dubbed "Tokyo One Piece Tower," this is Japan's first large-scale One Pi... 
The PS4 is Number One in Japan Thanks to Dragon Quest - Recently, Japan saw the release of the latest Warriors-sty... 
Anger, frustration permeates peloton in wake of CIRC report - Riders in the pro peloton see the findings of UCI's ... 
Cities: Skylines Town Has One House, One Family - My Cities: Skylines metropolis ended up pretty big ! The game, l... 
Studio Ghibli's Youngest Director Has Quit - Last week, Studio Ghibli's Hiromasa Yonebayashi was talking about wha... 
Anger, frustration permeates peloton in wake of CIRC report - Riders in the pro peloton see the findings of UCI's ... 
The Evil Within's New DLC Is Less Guns, More Cats - The Evil Within wasn't great, but Resident Evil: Revelations 2... 
Basement Is Basically Breaking Bad: The Video Game - Basement, an indie strategy game currently in development, is... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 1 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, s... 
Malori not quite king, but wants to take the crown - Adriano Malori (Movistar) wants to become the next king of ti... 
Malori not quite king, but wants to take the crown - Adriano Malori (Movistar) wants to become the next king of ti... 
Malori wins first individual test at Tirreno-Adriatico - Adriano Malori (Movistar) celebrated his second time tria... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3 - 1. Michael MATTHEWS, ORICA GreenEDGE, in 4:32:12 2. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – M... 
If you're having trouble downloading anything on your iPhone, iPad, or Mac, you're not alone, as the 
Yet Another Xbox One Game Isn't Working Properly - Ori and the Blind Forest is a very pretty game. It's a lot of f... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3 - 1. Michael MATTHEWS, ORICA GreenEDGE, in 4:32:12 2. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – M... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gallery: Hincapie Racing Team training camp - Spring riding often means gray weather and boney trees. Regardless, ... 
Sony Japan announced today it's ending the PlayStation Mobile service. 
League of Legends Made with 44,000 Dominos - YouTuber Tobben Domino brings League of Legends to life in domino for... 
Oh, So We're Gambling With Guns Now, OK - Jamie-lee Lloyd is a character artist at Rockstar North, the developers ... 
Track: "Everybody's Secret" ('Elemental Sanctuary' Remix)| Album: STORY MODE | Artist: 
Video: Pro bikes in the women’s peloton - Global Cycling Network takes a look at the bikes of the women's pro pelo... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: French... 
Pre-race favorites talk Tirreno - Tirreno-Adriatico favorites Sagan, Contador, Nibali, Uran, and Cancellara are lo... 
Cities: Skylines: The Kotaku Review - Cities: Skylines is a game coming in hot. The People want a good city-buildi... 
State Of Decay Was Secretly Full Of Penises - You remember zombie game State of Decay? Turns out that at one stage... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: French... 
@ParallelsMac Does Parallels come with a copy of Windows or do I have to buy that too?
Gustav Larsson will go for hour record on March 14 - Gustav Larsson (Cult Energy) will take a run at the hour reco... 
Contador confirms he collaborated with CIRC; other Tirreno stars focused on race 
Gustav Larsson will go for hour record on March 14 - Gustav Larsson (Cult Energy) will take a run at the hour reco... 
Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold is coming to North America this summer, publisher Atlus announced today. 
Let's Play The Definitive DMC With Some Classic Devil May Cry Style 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Froome or no, star-studded Tirreno-Adriatico should be wild ride 
Calls To Ban Minecraft in Turkey - Last month, a Turkish ministry began a probe to investigate whether or not Mine... 
All of Ned Stark's Game of Thrones Season 1 Plot In Less Than 60 Seconds 
Cookson remains cool on Armstrong ban reduction - Although Lance Armstrong provided extensive testimony to the CIR... 
Surely The Best Way To Play Mario Party - Step 1: get a sweet setup like this. Step 2: drink. Step 3: love/hate yo... 
Ori And The Blind Forest: The Kotaku Review - Pleasant. If I had to sum up Ori and the Blind Forest in one word, t... 
Longo not among fatalities in Argentinean helicopter accident 
Cookson remains cool on Armstrong ban reduction - Although Lance Armstrong provided extensive testimony to the CIR... 
17 Weeks In, Halo: The Master Chief Collection Is Basically Working 
To Beat This Game, You Need To Use... The Actual Moon - Some games have secret endings that people don't uncover u... 
ASO names wildcards for Ardennes classics - Simon Gerrans was triumphant at the 2014 edition of Liège–Bastogne–Liè... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 1 - 1. Alexander KRISTOFF, TEAM KATUSHA, in 5:15:18 2. Nacer BOUHANNI, COFIDIS, SO... 
ASO names wildcards for Ardennes classics - Simon Gerrans was triumphant at the 2014 edition of Liège–Bastogne–Liè... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, best in show - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 NAHBS winners: The place Th... 
Helldivers Bug Erases Progress If Your PS4 Controller Dies. Seriously. 
10 Terrible Movies That Absolutely Everyone Should See - Sometimes you can learn more from a bad movie than a good... 
Kristoff crushes Paris-Nice stage 2 sprint - Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) bided his time and jumped the Giant-Alpe... 
Tirreno-Adriatico TTT changed to ITT due to weather - Tirreno-Adriatico has scrapped its stage 1 team time trial i... 
Tirreno-Adriatico TTT changed to ITT due to weather - Tirreno-Adriatico has scrapped its stage 1 team time trial i... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Guardini grabs another stage win at Tour de Langkawi - Andrea Guardini edged Caleb Ewan for the second straight st... 
Being an Animator in Japan Is Brutal  - Animator Henry Thurlow hails from New York. Now, he's in Tokyo, working as... 
Enormous Burgers from Japan's Best Fastfood Chain - There is no better burger chain in Japan than Mos Burger. And ... 
CIRC report: The reactions - Travis Tygart made a name for himself by exposing the doping practices of Lance Armst... 
Oh, Hey Gwen, Didn't See You There - Julio Cesar is an artist and illustrator working out of Fortaleza, Brazil. Re... 
The Thrilling Sequel To Daylight Saving Time: The Movie - "He's killing during the hour that doesn't exist!" From ... 
CIRC report: The reactions - Travis Tygart made a name for himself by exposing the doping practices of Lance Armst... 
That Monday Feeling - It's OK. A cup of coffee and grumble about local sports teams will get you moving again. Rea... 
The Ultimate StarCraft Action Figure - Sideshow's partnership with Blizzard has resulted in some pretty amazing co... 
CIRC Report: List of interviews - By vesting extensive power in the office of the presidency, the UCI "created an ... 
CIRC report: Cycling’s governance goes under the microscope - Hein Verbruggen and Pat McQuaid come under examinati... 
CIRC Report: Executive summary - Doping is still a problem in cycling, according to a comprehensive report to the ... 
@oakley Got my answer in less than 24 hours. Can’t wait! (shuffles hands and smiles).
This was a fun ride today. I took the American Tobacco Trail from the house to Southpoint where Apple… 
Yves Lampaert cleans up at 2015 Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, prologue - Michal Kwiatkowski en route to winning the prologue by a whisker over Rohan D... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, prologue - Michal Kwiatkowski en route to winning the prologue by a whisker over Rohan D... 
Five Best All-In-One Computers - If you're looking for a space-saving, powerful PC, and you either don't want to b... 
Star Citizen Shoots Up Expensive Spaceships Real Good - While we're still waiting to see how Star Citizen turns ou... 
Yep. Ride took me here. #cycling @ Apple Store, Southpoint 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Andrea Guardini wins kickoff to 2015 Tour de Langkawi - Andrea Guardini adds to his victory tally, winning stage 1... 
The Saturday Stream Challenges Heroes Of The Storm [All Done!] 
The Amiibo Rap Knows Your Frustration - This song is for anyone who has made a beeline for the video game section ... 
Less Man, More Mega - Maybe the problem with the Mega Man franchise is that it needs more "mega" and less "man." A... 
Yves Lampaert wins stage, takes lead in Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen 
Results: 2015 Strade Bianche - 1. Zdenek STYBAR, ETIXX-QUICK STEP, in 5:22:13 2. Greg VAN AVERMAET, BMC RACING TEA... 
Yves Lampaert wins stage, takes lead in Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen 
New Xbox One Matchmaking App Stumbles Out To Preview Program Members 
Baby And I Are So Ready For Rock Band 4 - Between flood damage and the inconvenience of moving dust-collecting pla... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Megan Guarnier takes 1st women’s Strade Bianche in solo breakaway 
Bombshell or a dud? CIRC report due Monday - The UCI, under its President Brian Cookson, will release the Cycling ... 
I Tried VR Porn, And It Was Weird - "Have you ever tried VR porn?" Vander Caballero asked me. The video game devel... 
What The Most-Requested Destiny Changes Might Look Like - Everyone's got a wishlist of changes they'd like to see ... 
Bombshell or a dud? CIRC report due Monday - The UCI, under its President Brian Cookson, will release the Cycling ... 
MTN-Qhubeka has high hopes ahead of Tour de France debut - Norwegian Edvald Boasson Hagen bolstered the MTN squad ... 
Tour of the Gila in jeopardy of cancellation - A title sponsor has had to pull its investment from the 2015 Tour o... 
Pewdiepie Would Like People To Stop Telling Him To Fist Them 
What Are You Playing This March? - March! March, you apes! You wanna live forever? Read more... 
Tour of the Gila in jeopardy of cancellation - A title sponsor has had to pull its investment from the 2015 Tour o... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 5 Mentions, 1.71K Mention Reach, 1 Retweets. How'd your week go? via 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
@MIKA_GMR Thank you Michael!
Five Ways We Can Improve Climbing In Video Games - Climbing in video games is not broken. Climbing in video games ... 
Instead Of Skipping A Credits Sequence, Let's Study One - Felix Mack works at Nightjar, a studio that specialises ... 
Yep, Valve Is Experimenting With Half-Life In VR - Valve's virtual reality demo at the Game Developers Conference ... 
New Rollercoaster Tycoon Game Looks Like Shit - Hey, a new Rollercoaster Tycoon game got shown off properly for th... 
ASO adds partner to improve Tour de France viewing experience 
Contador, Sagan link up for first time at Tirreno-Adriatico - Alberto Contador and Peter Sagan now wear the same j... 
ASO adds partner to improve Tour de France viewing experience 
Contador, Sagan link up for first time at Tirreno-Adriatico - Alberto Contador and Peter Sagan now wear the same j... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Tirreno-Adriatico - Global Cycling Network names 10 top riders to watch at Tirreno-Ad... 
Uran says he ‘loves’ Giro’s stage 14 TT course - Rigoberto Uran won the Giro's stage 12 individual time trial in 2... 
50+ Game Steam Sale, Sony Gold Headset, $8 Blu-rays, and More Deals 
How Blizzard Is Taking Aim At Toxic Players In Heroes Of The Storm 
Uran says he ‘loves’ Giro’s stage 14 TT course - Rigoberto Uran won the Giro's stage 12 individual time trial in 2... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
UCI announces changes, modernization to Athletes’ Commission 
How One Game Helped Me Reject Homophobia - "I don't mean to sound gay here, but…" "You did what? You bought her fl... 
Over at the game's official forums, community manager Loki confirmed that the dev team plans to rele 
Alien: Isolation Sure Looks Less Scary In Third-Person - One of the coolest things about Alien: Isolation was how... 
Shadow of Mordor Wins GOTY At GDC Awards - The Game Developers Choice Awards were held earlier tonight, and the wi... 
What's Your Monster Hunter Weapon Of Choice? - Okay, it happened. I'm hooked on Monster Hunter. Read more... 
An Updated List Of Studios EA Has Bought And Then Shut Down - Massive game publisher Electronic Arts has a reputat... 
Kreuziger faces difficult defense based on WADA and CAS history 
Kreuziger faces difficult defense based on WADA and CAS history 
Boeckmans beats the odds to win Le Samyn - Kris Boeckmans (Lotto-Soudal) may have been outnumbered by Etixx-Quick-... 
Merckx’s Axeon team feeds top talent to WorldTour - Axel Merckx met up with his father Eddy at the recent Tour of ... 
Boeckmans beats the odds to win Le Samyn - Kris Boeckmans (Lotto-Soudal) may have been outnumbered by Etixx-Quick-... 
The New (But Very Early) Unreal Tournament Is Already Really Fun 
Extra 10% Off Consoles, New PlayStation Store Sale, and More Deals 
@oakley Done. These are them btw! They look like a modern "Factory Pilot"….gotta have 'em! 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Merckx’s Axeon team feeds top talent to WorldTour - Axel Merckx met up with his father Eddy at the recent Tour of ... 
Valve announces the Source 2 engine, which will be free to developers • 
The Elder Scrolls is Ready for Total War - Nearly all the Scrolls games talk up great battles, but you never actua... 
Happy 15th birthday, PlayStation 2! - Happy 15th birthday, PlayStation 2! Sony launched their second home console ... 
Chainsaw vs Tree = Majora's Mask - Griffon Ramsey, who is very handy with a chainsaw, has made this video showing ... 
Nvidia announced a new Shield device at GDC today. - Nvidia announced a new Shield device at GDC today. Gizmodo sp... 
Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies starts season with wins on two continents 
Microsoft just announced a slew of new independent games coming to Xbox One in the months ahead, inc 
Sony's PS4 Virtual Reality Headset Is Coming Next Year - Sony today unveiled a new version of their PS4 virtual re... 
Gerrans returns at Strade Bianche - Simon Gerrans (Orica-GreenEdge) is ready to return to the peloton after missin... 
Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies starts season with wins on two continents 
@oakley Hey….where can we buy those glasses Cavendish was wearing in that race in Belgium this weekend?
Gerrans returns at Strade Bianche - Simon Gerrans (Orica-GreenEdge) is ready to return to the peloton after missin... 
Kevin de Weert says he’s not under investigation in ozone doping case 
In the News: Wellens retires from professional cyclocross racing 
HBO Go is FINALLY coming to PS4 today, which is wonderful news for those of us sick of having to swi 
Rockstar Sale, Three Civ Games in One, and More Deals  - Yesterday, Amazon had a nice sale on downloadable EA game... 
In the News: Wellens retires from professional cyclocross racing 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Specialized adds to saddle lineup with Power model - The Specialized Power saddle is designed for road racers and ... 
Dragon Quest Gets a Facelift - Much like last year’s Hyrule Warriors , Dragon Quest Heroes has taken characters fr... 
Nintendo issued a statement saying it was ramping up Amiibo production for the Japanese market. 
Square Enix have announced that the Final Fantasy X/X-2 HD remasters for the PS4 will be out on May 
Snake, You're Looking Awfully Naked - Adam Foreman is an artist working in the video game business. He most recent... 
Hi! Surprise Headshot! - On today's Highlight Reel we have breakdancing in Sniper Elite III, tourists in The Last ... 
Nintendo's Official Rules On What Color Mario Must Be - Press the Buttons (via Fast Co.) recently got their hands ... 
Roche understands Contador’s motivation to take on Giro-Tour double 
Roche understands Contador’s motivation to take on Giro-Tour double 

Barret’s machine gun arm in #BuildWithForge 
Unreal Engine 4 is now free. For everyone. Really • 
Contador, Froome, Nibali, and Quintana primed for Tirreno - Alberto Contador returns to Tirreno-Adriatico as the r... 
I Picked The Wrong Time To Buy A Used PlayStation 2 - During January's sojourn to Kotaku headquarters in NYC, I st... 
Actually, Bulletstorm Is An Excellent Shooter - Bulletstorm was one of the best games of the last generation, trag... 
Out of Africa: MTN-Qhubeka’s model may change pro cycling - MTN-Qhubeka has ridden its way into the European pelot... 
Contador, Froome, Nibali, and Quintana primed for Tirreno - Alberto Contador returns to Tirreno-Adriatico as the r... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Etixx’s hard lesson at Omloop pays dividends in Kuurne - Mark Cavendish sprinted to victory in Sunday's Kuurne-Bru... 
Detective Conan Gets His Own Airport in Japan - We're not just talking about an airplane, but an entire airport th... 
Our First Look at the Next Trine - The last new entry to the Trine action-adventure-platformer series was with Gob... 
League Of Legends' Character Art Is Awesome - Jason Chan once worked at Massive Black (and also once drew Kotaku m... 
In honour of Homeworld Remastered's release -- and the game's enduring style -- artist Matt Frith pu 
Results: 2015 Drome Classic - 1. Samuel DUMOULIN, AG2R LA MONDIALE, in 5:10:41 2. Fabio FELLINE, TREK FACTORY RACI... 
Hori Racing Wheel For Xbox One: The Kotaku Review - Pursuing my newfound love of racing wheels has been an expensi... 
The Week In Games: Down With Triple A - With big budget retail games resting for the next week, the next seven day... 
HTC Vive: This Is Valve's Virtual Reality Headset - Just the other day we heard that Valve is getting ready to put... 
Sunday Comics: The Epitome Of Sin - Welcome to Kotaku's Sunday Comics, your weekly roundup of the best webcomics. ... 
Samuel Dumoulin wins 2015 Drome Classic - Samuel Dumoulin won the Drome Classic on Sunday. Photo: Tim De Waele | T... 
Results: 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne - 1. Mark CAVENDISH, ETIXX-QUICK STEP, in 4:29:00 2. Alexander KRISTOFF, TEAM... 
Samuel Dumoulin wins 2015 Drome Classic - Samuel Dumoulin won the Drome Classic on Sunday. Photo: Tim De Waele | T... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
There's Nothing Sweet Or Gentle About The Firefly Diary - Aw, look at the cute little Japanese puzzle platformer w... 
Maybe We'd Be Better Off Playing Ikea's Fake Video Games - While browsing his local Ikea for functional furniture ... 
Ian Stannard climbs out of that ditch and onto the podium - Ian Stannard was overjoyed to be winning again after a... 
Reminder: Claim Your Free Legendary Pokémon This Weekend - Good news, folks who are playing Pokémon Omega Ruby or ... 
Taco Bell Has Created Deep-Fried, Cream-Filled Cap'n Crunch Balls 
Gallery: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad - Ian Stannard attacks in the finale of the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: Tim ... 
Ian Stannard climbs out of that ditch and onto the podium - Ian Stannard was overjoyed to be winning again after a... 
Gallery: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad - Ian Stannard attacks in the finale of the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: Tim ... 
Hooray For Motion Sickness! The Saturday Stream Plays ScreamRide 
One Part League Of Legends, One Part StarCraft. Wait, What?  
Ian Stannard wins 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad - Ian Stannard does it again at the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: AFP... 
Results: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad - 1. Ian STANNARD, TEAM SKY, in 4:58:41 2. Niki TERPSTRA, ETIXX-QUICK STEP, at... 
Results: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad - 1. Ian STANNARD, TEAM SKY, in 4:58:41 2. Niki TERPSTRA, ETIXX-QUICK STEP, at... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Greg Van Avermaet under scrutiny in Mertens inquiry - Greg Van Avermaet, second at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad in 2014, ... 
If GLaDOS Narrated Pokémon's Pokedex  - I would watch an entire show in this "Pokedex" style. The voice behind the... 
Fifteen Great World of Warcraft Selfies - Not all World of Warcraft players are on board with the idea of selfies ... 
Chad Haga, Giant-Alpecin’s resident pianist - Chad Haga (Giant-Alpecin) is taking on his second season at the Worl... 
Chad Haga, Giant-Alpecin’s resident pianist - Chad Haga (Giant-Alpecin) is taking on his second season at the Worl... 
Grand Prix of Portland pushed to 2016 - Due to a lack of funding, the GP Portland, which had been planned for Augu... 
The Worst Taxi Driver in Grand Theft Auto  - On today's Highlight Reel we have spaceflight in DayZ, nail-biting Ma... 
Old Folks Aren't Scared of Five Nights at Freddy's - Five Nights at Freddy's has made a name for itself by scaring... 
TY! “@vmdolphin: #ff #artist #cgi @MIKA_GMR @Joanne_Loh @MadelineTW @ARstories @odd_enough @ianzeigler @AdienDendra @kukas81 @KeremGogus”
Grand Prix of Portland pushed to 2016 - Due to a lack of funding, the GP Portland, which had been planned for Augu... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 8 New Followers, 5 Mentions, 3.92K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Kessiakoff says Astana mistreatment cut career short - Fredrik Kessiakoff's tenure at Astana was marked by great s... 
Van Avermaet targets classics for ‘big win’ - Greg Van Avermaet hopes to land on the top step of the podium this s... 
Kessiakoff says Astana mistreatment cut career short - Fredrik Kessiakoff's tenure at Astana was marked by great s... 
House Of Cards Season 3 Trades Killzone For Indie Games - Season three of the wonderfully addictive House of Cards... 
Humble Japanese Bundle, BOGO Ubisoft Games, and More Deals - We've got ourselves another Humble Weekly Bundle. Thi... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Van Avermaet targets classics for ‘big win’ - Greg Van Avermaet hopes to land on the top step of the podium this s... 
UCI requests withdrawal of Astana Pro Team license - The gloss of a Tour de France victory has worn off the Astana... 
UCI requests withdrawal of Astana Pro Team license - The gloss of a Tour de France victory has worn off the Astana... 
The New Tales Game Plays Differently Than You'd Expect  - Since Tales of Symphonia, combat in the console Tales ga... 
Why Ash from Pokémon Isn't Dead Yet - On last night's episode of Pokémon XY, Ash Ketchum was electrocuted by Pikac... 
The Queen Of Skulls Will See You Now - Sandra Duchiewicz is an artist currently working at Creative Assembly, the ... 
The Best Stupid Jokes About That Stupid Dress - Today the internet lost its collective mind, and so everyone finds... 
Mortal Kombat X's Brutalities Are Gruesome - As Mortal Kombat escalated during its early years, the series introdu... 
This is Masquerada: Songs and Shadows, an isometric RPG "built in the vein of Baldur's Gate and Drag 
Preview: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad favors opportunists - Ian Stannard outsprinted Greg Van Avermaet to take the victor... 
Where to watch pro cycling in the U.S. this year - Coverage of pro cycling in the U.S. is a patchwork of different... 
Preview: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad favors opportunists - Ian Stannard outsprinted Greg Van Avermaet to take the victor... 
Van Houweling sets pan-American hour record in Mexico - Molly Shaffer Van Houweling rode into the record books aga... 
Bouhanni and Cofidis sprint train reaching top speed - Sprinter Nacer Bouhanni is putting all his faith in his tea... 
Video: Riders to watch at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne 
Video: Riders to watch at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad and Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne 
Donkey Kong Country Back On Wii U After Mysterious Two-Year Absence 
Someone Beat Dark Souls II...In First-Person...Wearing Oculus Rift 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Bouhanni and Cofidis sprint train reaching top speed - Sprinter Nacer Bouhanni is putting all his faith in his tea... 
School Attracts Students with Manga-Style Uniforms - Usually it's the other way around. Manga artists either take ... 
McDonald's Introduces Honey Butter French Fries in South Korea 
Broken Half-Life Is Scary Half-Life - The original Half-Life, in my opinion, is one of the most memorable games of... 
The Art of Homeworld. Enjoy. - The remastered editions of the two main Homeworld games are out today, introducing ... 
Dekker falls short of hour record, riding 52.221 kilometers - Thomas Dekker fell just short of a new world hour re... 
Synergy Baku suspends Pliuschin over Salbutamol test - Alexandr Pliuschin was riding for Skydive Dubai last fall w... 
One of the two guys behind the original Toejam &amp; Earl game wants to make a new one, via Kickstarter. 
GTA Race Comes To An Unexpected Halt - On today's Highlight Reel we have races that come to an abrupt halt, ace pa... 
Synergy Baku suspends Pliuschin over Salbutamol test - Alexandr Pliuschin was riding for Skydive Dubai last fall w... 
Prepare for buckets o' blood, as Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number is officially launching on March 10 f 
Paris-Roubaix announces 2015 wildcard invites - American team UnitedHealthcare returns to Paris-Roubaix after debu... 
Paris-Roubaix announces 2015 wildcard invites - American team UnitedHealthcare returns to Paris-Roubaix after debu... 
Ubisoft Sale on PSN, 20% off at Green Man, Plus More Deals - Sony's had some great PSN sales as of late, and today... 
In the News: Sweeck may face two-year suspension - Laurens Sweeck won the under-23 World Cup in Zolder. He went on... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Merckx pushes to renew Tour of Oman contract despite rider protest 
Real-Life Batsuit Tested with Fists and Knives - That guy getting punched in the stomach? That's industrial design... 
Xenoblade Chronicles is Almost TOO Big For The New 3DS - Ever since I transferred everything to my new 3DS, I've p... 
Track: Gunshowers | Artist: BADBADNOTGOOD &amp; Ghostface Killah | Album: Sour Soul 
The Art Of The Total War Series - Just as I was talking about Total War, colour and character, here we go: an art ... 
Wiggins, defending champion Stannard in Sky lineup for Omloop Het Nieuwsblad 
Track cycling star Gaviria joins Cavendish on Etixx-Quick-Step 
Deadspin ESPN Suspends Keith Olbermann For Penn State Tweets | Gizmodo Confessions of a Slightly Soc 
The First Time Street Fighter's Charlie Has Seen Action In A Long Time 
Track cycling star Gaviria joins Cavendish on Etixx-Quick-Step 
A Guided Tour Of Final Fantasy XIV's Gold Saucer - The Manderville Gold Saucer is now live in Final Fantasy XIV: A... 
Resident Evil Revelations 2 Isn’t Off To A Great Start - It's been nearly 20 years since Capcom introduced us to t... 
Contador explains motivation for Giro-Tour double - Alberto Contador is motivated to take on the Giro-Tour double ... 
Rodriguez playing catch up to find form for Ardennes, grand tours 
Phil Gaimon Journal: Good legs and bad omens - This is where the time trial finished. Way to ruin a good view. Pho... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Contador explains motivation for Giro-Tour double - Alberto Contador is motivated to take on the Giro-Tour double ... 
A Story of Love, Life, and Superpowers - The setup of When Supernatural Battles Became Commonplace is simple: one ... 
A Nightmarish Explanation of Big Anime Eyes - Sure, you must wonder: How exactly does this work? How is it even ph... 
How To Make Edible Team Fortress 2 Food And... Drinkable Pee 
Atari Engineer Steve Bristow Passes Away  - The man who helped birth the Atari 2600, as well as the classic game T... 
A Guide To Resident Evil's Endless Lore - Many stories have been told in the Resident Evil universe since the t-vi... 
A War Game Where You're A Housekeeper Instead of A Soldier - Last week, I had a chance to play a war game unlike a... 
Final Amstel Gold race wildcards announced - The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Gold ... 
Final Amstel Gold race wildcards announced - The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Gold ... 
Froome-Contador clash at Ruta del Sol reaffirms growing rivalry 
Former Giro race director Acquarone: “race organizers have too much power” 
We all know that Halo: Master Chief Collection is a disaster, but it's still pretty startling to see 
Razer Sale on Woot, Crazy Console Bundles, and More Deals - Need some new PC gaming gear? Woot is having a great d... 
Former Giro race director Acquarone: “race organizers have too much power” 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kreuziger on biological passport case: ‘Very few believe in the UCI’ 
Dark Souls II Sure Looks Better on the PS4 - The folks at Digital Foundry have put Dark Souls II through its paces... 
Dragon Quest PR Stunt Cruelly Exploits People's Love for Bubble Wrap 
Wizard Cat, Skilled In The Arts Of Cat Magic - Ari Targownik is an artist at S2Games, where he's worked in games l... 
Gundam Figure Is Smokin' Hot - This custom variation of a Gundam 30th anniversary figure sure is something. It lig... 
The Week In Games: Our Home Is Our World, Our Life - There are plenty of neat new games coming out this week, and ... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: The Commander In Chief Of Anime - Earlier this week our own Brian Ashcraft celebrated the Pr... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 6 - Tejay van Garderen congratulates Rafael Valls at the conclusion of the 2015 ... 
Anna Meares takes 11th title at track worlds - Anna Meares celebrates after winning the keirin. Photo: AFP SAINT-Q... 
Anna Meares takes 11th title at track worlds - Anna Meares celebrates after winning the keirin. Photo: AFP SAINT-Q... 
CastAR's Vision of Augmented Reality Is Fun for the Whole Family 
Kanye's Making A Video Game About His Mom's Journey Through Heaven 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Rafael Valls jubilant after winning 2015 Tour of Oman - Runner-up Tejay van Garderen congratulates Rafael Valls on... 
New Tricks Help Runners Shatter The Halo Legendary Speed Record 
Gallery: 2015 Ruta del Sol, stage 4 - Chris Froome giving it all en route to a stage win and a two-second overall ... 
Fernando Gaviria wins men’s omnium at 2015 track worlds - Colombia's Fernando Gaviria celebrates his victory in th... 
Fernando Gaviria wins men’s omnium at 2015 track worlds - Colombia's Fernando Gaviria celebrates his victory in th... 
I Just Took A Screenshot Directly From My Xbox One Dashboard 
Dead Or Alive Is More Than Breasts - I fell in love with my favorite fighting game franchise for all the right rea... 
Counter-punch: Chris Froome swarms Alberto Contador in Ruta double 
In the News: Expect surprises in doping report, says UCI chief 
Counter-punch: Chris Froome swarms Alberto Contador in Ruta double 
Teen Who Proposed Laser Cat Yearbook Photo Commits Suicide - Draven Rodriguez, a senior at Schenectady High School... 
Sixth Scale Tychus Findlay Is One Beautiful Bastard - Pieced together from some 525 individually engineered compon... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 5 - A rider protest over severe weather forced a halt to stage 5 of the Tour of ... 
Hat-trick for Pervis and silver for Valente at track worlds - Jennifer Valente wins the silver medal for the women... 
Blizzard Testing Diablo III Microtransactions, But (Phew) Only In Asia 
'Realistic' Smash Bros. Clapping Video Is The Dumbest Way To End Friday 
Hat-trick for Pervis and silver for Valente at track worlds - Jennifer Valente wins the silver medal for the women... 
Nibali brushes off struggles at Tour of Oman - Vincenzo Nibali chatted with Tour de France director Christian Prud... 
Deadspin Travis Scott Is Worse Than Iggy Azalea | io9 The CIA Once Ran Brothels And Dosed Unsuspecti 
Worth Reading: Real-Life Hadoukens, Questioning Game Length, And More 
Nibali brushes off struggles at Tour of Oman - Vincenzo Nibali chatted with Tour de France director Christian Prud... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 12 New Followers, 5 Mentions, 2.65K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 4 - Rafael Valls was successful on stage 4 by following the right wheels, and wh... 
Contador extends overall Ruta del Sol lead with stage 3 mountaintop win 
The Latest Counter-Strike Anti-Cheat Measure: Inspecting Players' Homes 
Gift Cards for PlayStation and Xbox, Humble Co-Op Bundle, More Deals 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 4 - Rafael Valls was successful on stage 4 by following the right wheels, and wh... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Valls wins Tour of Oman stage 4, takes race lead - Rafael Valls climbed into the Tour of Oman lead on Friday. Phot... 
Kim Jong-un: A Haircut Odyssey - Photos have emerged of a "new" Kim Jong-un hairdo. Simply put, it is spectacular.... 
Hot on the heels of Puzzle &amp; Dragon's Super Mario Bros. edition is a Final Fantasy collaboration for 
Gallery: 2015 Ruta del Sol, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Ruta del Sol stage 2: Con... 
Trials Map Somehow Becomes Call of Duty: Zombies - Trials Fusion is a side-on motorbike game. It is not a first-pe... 
Weird Arcade Ad Is All About Bros, And Pecs - In 1992, Atari released an arcade brawler called Guardians of the Ho... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 11 New Followers, 4 Mentions, 2.65K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Oman stage 3: Dep... 
Q&amp;A: Prudhomme talks onboard cameras, Armstrong, and more - Tour de France race director Christian Prudhomme wants... 
British upset and bronze for Bobby Lea at track worlds’ second day 
Bungie Still Doesn't Get That Destiny Players Want Options - Destiny, an online shooter in which you travel the un... 
British upset and bronze for Bobby Lea at track worlds’ second day 
Gawker Can I Get an Instagram Shout-Out from a Celeb for My Birthday? 
2015 Tour of California route announced - The men's peloton will ride to the familiar Mount Baldy this year in the... 
Juan Jose Lobato sprints to Ruta del Sol stage 2 victory - Juan José Lobato sprinted to victory ahead of John Dege... 
One Of Square Enix's Biggest iOS Games Has Been Broken For Months 
SEGA Games Starting at $.11 Each, Back to the Future, and More Deals 
Bob Jungels poised for breakout season - Bob Jungels (Trek Factory Racing) in the breakaway of the 2014 Vuelta a E... 
Juan Jose Lobato sprints to Ruta del Sol stage 2 victory - Juan José Lobato sprinted to victory ahead of John Dege... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Ask a Mechanic: Mixing SRAM MTB 1×11 parts - The post Ask a Mechanic: Mixing SRAM MTB 1×11 parts appeared first on... 
In Final Fantasy XV, Cooking is Important - Camping is a big part of Final Fantasy XV. And what is camping, withou... 
Thanks, Obama for the Anime Photoshops - You might know him as the President of the United States. Or maybe you kn... 
Because This Site Needs More Battleships - I don't know what it is about battleship paintings, but I love 'em. The... 
New Medieval Combat Game Looks Like A, Well, Blast - In case this trailer doesn't show you within five seconds, he... 
Legally Speaking with Bob Mionske returns - Editor’s note: We are pleased to reintroduce “Legally Speaking,” a col... 
Legally Speaking with Bob Mionske returns - Editor’s note: We are pleased to reintroduce “Legally Speaking,” a col... 
Pokémon With Microtransactions Is Just As Bad As It Sounds - Nintendo released a new Pokémon spin-off on the 3DS e... 
American bronze and a sprint controversy mark track worlds opener 
Welcome...To Besiege's Jurassic Park  - On today's Highlight Reel we have poorly-constructed dinosaurs in Besiege,... 
WADA appeal in Bruyneel case goes before CAS March 2 - Belgian Johan Bruyneel was banned for 10 years from the spo... 
Assassin's Creed Unity Finally Drops App, Web Requirements For Unlocks 
Massive PSN Sale (Plus a Gift Card Deal), XL Mouse Pad, and More Deals 
Van Garderen fine-tuning for 2015 after ‘bittersweet’ Tour de France 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Oman stage 2: Mus... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Oman, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Oman stage 2: Mus... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Belgian cycling great Criquielion dies at 58 - Claude Criquielion, Nico Verhoeven, Teun Van Vliet, and Steve Bauer... 
@PhilNolan3D TS’s today aren’t a new idea. We are where we are today from driving process innovation. ie; “how can touch be ubiquitous?”
"Ninja Day" Is an Actual Holiday in Japan - February 22 is "National Ninja Day." The Japanese holiday isn't an off... 
What Touchscreens Were Like in 1982 - In 1982, the much-loved and sadly now defunct BBC TV show Tomorrow's World t... 
If StarCraft Was A Kid's Cartoon - Johannes Helgeson is an artist at Activision's Beenox studio. His idea for a St... 
A Video Game Art Book That Also Helps People - Last year, we told you about an art book that was raising funds to ... 
Horde Of H1Z1 Players Drops Weapons In Protest Against Violence 
The edutainment classic and staple of many childhoods Zoombinis could get a modern rework, if this K 
Contador downplays form ahead of season opener - For the first time since the 2014 Vuelta a España, Contador will ... 
Warren Barguil’s Tour year begins in Oman - Warren Barguil is one of several young French hopefuls who will take a... 
Contador downplays form ahead of season opener - For the first time since the 2014 Vuelta a España, Contador will ... 
Warren Barguil’s Tour year begins in Oman - Warren Barguil is one of several young French hopefuls who will take a... 
If you have a good idea for a new Gex, Anachronox, or Fear Effect, now's the time to dust it off. 
Green Man Gaming VIP Sale, Alien: Isolation, Movie Combos, More Deals 
American Carter Jones makes WorldTour debut at Tour of Oman - Carter Jones, a talented climber, makes his WorldTou... 
Optum opens European swing in Algarve - Optum's time trial ace, Tom Zirbel, will aim for a strong showing in Frida... 
Technical FAQ: Shifting setup, Di2 troubleshooting, and more 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Contador, Froome ready to clash at Ruta del Sol - Chris Froome and Alberto Contador will kick off their 2015 seaso... 
Japan Has a Technical School for Pro-Gaming - Dream of being a pro-gamer? Live in Japan? Good news! There's now a ... 
The New Danganronpa Smartphone Game is Basically Billiards - I don't know what I was expecting for a smartphone ga... 
Santa Cruz re-launches Stigmata ’cross bike - The Santa Cruz Stigmata CC takes the name of the old aluminum bike, ... 
Gallery: Santa Cruz Stigmata CC cyclocross bike - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Santa Cruz Stigmat... 
Gallery: Santa Cruz Stigmata CC cyclocross bike - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Santa Cruz Stigmat... 
These Are The Most Popular Amiibo - Nintendo just announced what the best-selling Amiibo are across the world. If ... 
Princess Mononoke Cosplay Blows The Head Off The God Of Cosplay 
Gallery: 24 Hours of Old Pueblo - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 24 Hours of Old Pueblo This y... 

The Xbox One's Upload Studio video editor just got a whole lot beefier. 
The Halo Needler Is Now a Real Dart Gun - Halo deathmatches are about to get real. (Except the whole dying part.) ... 
Nibali continues early-season build-up at Tour of Oman - Vincenzo Nibali with Rigoberto Uran and Peter Sagan in a ... 
Nibali continues early-season build-up at Tour of Oman - Vincenzo Nibali with Rigoberto Uran and Peter Sagan in a ... 
Belgian world champion Claude Criquielion suffers stroke - Claude Criquielion, Nico Verhoeven, Teun Van Vliet, and... 
Armstrong loses SCA case, ordered to pay $10 million - A Texas court has ordered Lance Armstrong to pay $10 millio... 
Scott recalls select Vanish EVO helmets - Scott has recalled select Vanish EVO helmet models. Photo: Scott Scott i... 
Armstrong loses SCA case, ordered to pay $10 million - A Texas court has ordered Lance Armstrong to pay $10 millio... 
Get Ready for Oculus Rift to Deliver a "Christian Experience" 
Nintendo Sure Screwed Up The Majora's Mask New 3DS Launch - On January 14, Nintendo announced a limited-edition Ma... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kreuziger’s season starts under cloud of ongoing doping case 
From Dragon Ball to DoTA, Here's a Resort for Geeks - This is Jed's Island Resort. There are many places in the Ph... 
Capcom is releasing an arcade version of popular smartphone music game Cytus. 
Space Game Tricks Me Into Enjoying The Boring Stuff - When I first saw Offworld Trading Company, the videos were f... 
Hope You're Ready For Custom Majora's Mask Music (And Dumb Jokes) 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: They'll Never Find Waldo - So science thinks it's cracked the code for finding perennial hid... 
The Week In Games: A Large Order Of Kirby - Why wait until Friday for Kirby and the Rainbow Curse, when you can wa... 
Mark Cavendish out-kicks Juan Jose Lobato to win Clasica de Almeria 
Mark Cavendish out-kicks Juan Jose Lobato to win Clasica de Almeria 
Heroic Doom Mod Adds 37 Instagram Filters And A Selfie Stick 
Five Best Budget Computer Monitors - You don't have to break the bank to get a great display for your computer. La... 
Dominique Rollin’s back on the job, this time with Cofidis - Dominique Rollin has joined Cofidis to give Nacer Bou... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Transformer's Most Fearsome Combiner Team Finally Gets Its Due 
Gallery: 2015 Superprestige-Middelkerke - Kevin Pauwels drives through the sand en route to winning the Superprest... 
When the going gets tough, the team to watch is Etixx-Quick-Step 
Gallery: 2015 Superprestige-Middelkerke - Kevin Pauwels drives through the sand en route to winning the Superprest... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: A Live-Action Legend Of Zelda: Winners! 
Now They're Never Getting Nintendo TVii In Europe - Which service was Nintendo TVii again? Oh yeah, the cable/prog... 
Rein Taaramae solos to victory in 2015 Vuelta Ciclista a Murcia 
Mathieu van der Poel clinches Superprestige; Kevin Pauwels takes finale 
Mathieu van der Poel clinches Superprestige; Kevin Pauwels takes finale 
The Saturday Stream Plays Dying Light Because It Can - Having not played any of Dying Light or read any of the hel... 
Dissidia Final Fantasy Takes The Fight To Japanese Arcades - Announced this weekend at the Japanese Amusement Expo... 
Alberto Contador confirms Giro-Tour double … again - Alberto Contador wants to go out on top, as a Tour de France ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Alberto Contador confirms Giro-Tour double … again - Alberto Contador wants to go out on top, as a Tour de France ... 
GTA Dog Forgot How To Dog - On today's Highlight Reel we have dogs falling down, exploding helicopters, hitchhiker... 
Cancellara ‘lost motivation’ for hour record - Fabian Cancellara says the hour record has lost its allure for him.... 
Cancellara ‘lost motivation’ for hour record - Fabian Cancellara says the hour record has lost its allure for him.... 
It Ain't Easy Being A GTA Superhero - The stuff we see in superhero movies is usually the action, or things releva... 
Good Job With The Graffiti, Dying Light - Video games have got a graffiti problem . So much video-game graffiti is... 
UCI to stream live footage from onboard cameras at track worlds 
#FF @MIKA_GMR @Joanne_Loh @vmdolphin @MadelineTW @ARstories @odd_enough @sisk_meli @ianzeigler @AdienDendra @kukas81 @KeremGogus
UCI to stream live footage from onboard cameras at track worlds 
Eight Tour of Flanders wildcard picks announced - Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) returns to the Ronde thi... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Qatar, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Qatar stage 6: E... 
If you set the in-game date of the shipping version of SimCopter to Friday the 13th, the male reside 
CM Storm QuickFire Sale, $30 Far Cry 4, Star Wars LEGO, and More Deals 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Qatar, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Qatar stage 6: E... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Terpstra defends Tour of Qatar title - DOHA, Qatar (AFP) — Dutch rider Niki Terpstra (Etixx-Quick-Step) claimed hi... 
Kirby: Rainbow Curse Makes Me Want More Claymation-style Games 
Blackface Continues in Japan. In 2015.  - Above, you can see a photo the members of Momoiro Clover Z, one of Japan... 
Track: Gz and Hustlas | Artist: Snoop Dogg | Album: Doggystyle 
The Beautiful Hand-Writing And Maps Of The Lord Of The Rings Movies 
Video: What’s it like to race in Dubai? - GCN talks to pros at the Dubai Tour to get their take on what it's like ... 
How To Find Waldo, Every Time - Waldo (or, in other parts of the world, Wally) is a tough guy to find. Even with t... 
Gawker Obama Secretly Partied With Bill Ayers Last Summer | io9 The Greatest Spies In Pop Culture, R 
In the News: Vuelta gets green light for women’s race - La Course by the Tour de France was one of the biggest wom... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of Qatar, stage 5 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Qatar stage 5: T... 
Standoff between MPCC and Lampre over Ulissi - Diego Ulissi's return to racing is causing more headaches for his L... 
Standoff between MPCC and Lampre over Ulissi - Diego Ulissi's return to racing is causing more headaches for his L... 
Persona Q With Tarot Cards, Game of Thrones Blu-rays, and More Deals 
Ubisoft CEO: 'A Few Things Were Not Perfect' In Assassin's Creed Unity 
Kristoff takes win number three at Tour of Qatar - Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) won another close sprint finish ov... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kristoff takes win No. 3 at Tour of Qatar - MADINAT AL-SHAMAL, Qatar (AFP) — Norway’s Alexander Kristoff was on th... 
Deep Down is Still M.I.A. - Recently, Capcom made an announcement about an ambitious online game with the initials... 
Just What Skyrim Needs: My Neighbor Totoro - Let's be honest. There really is no better way to spruce up Skyrim th... 
The Glorious Age Of Sail - Juhani Jokinen is a Finnish concept artist who currently works at Ubisoft. The most rec... 
So That Was Law &amp; Order's GamerGate Episode - When Law &amp; Order: SVU takes on video games, the results are usually ... 
GTA V Cop Can't Be Stopped - On today's Highlight Reel we have airborne sheep, game models twisted into horrible s... 
Evolve On PC vs PS4 vs Xbox One - It's time for another graphical throw-down, this time featuring the latest big m... 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 4 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Qatar stage 4: Start ... 
Lampre GM: ‘We have full confidence in Ulissi’ - After nearly eight months of controversy following a positive ant... 
Lampre GM: ‘We have full confidence in Ulissi’ - After nearly eight months of controversy following a positive ant... 
Busche recovering from scaphoid fracture after surgery - Matthew Busche (Trek Factory Racing) finished fifth overa... 
Chad Haga Journal: Danger - Chad Haga (Giant-Alpecin) knows the dangers of the road firsthand, but that hasn't sto... 
The Next Hitman Movie Doesn't Try to Make Agent 47 A Hero - You know what? When you have an assassin as the centra... 
In the News: Burglars caught after robbing Specialized HQ - SFBay.ca reports that two suspects were arrested Tuesd... 
Razer Blade Clearance, $10 Amiibo, Night at the Movies, and More Deals 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Kristoff grabs another Qatar stage win, Terpstra stays in front 
Internet Browsers, Personified - Internet Explorer looks shy, which makes sense if you think about all the rejecti... 
Fake 7-Elevens That Fool No One - Not that they would! But the next time you step into a, say, 7-Twelve in China o... 
Nice Codpiece, Skinny Robot - Stan Poltavsky is an artist who has worked for studios like Redsteam , on properties... 
Not Every "Fantasy" World Has To Be European - Remember, not every "fantasy" world has to have knights and castles... 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour of Qatar, stage 3: Krist... 
Ulissi to return at Basque Country following ban - Diego Ulissi (Lampre-Merida) won two stages at the 2014 Giro d'... 
Five tips to prevent knee pain - Don't let a knee injury hold you back as the early season miles ramp up this spri... 
Steam's Latest Survival Game Comes From An Unexpected Place - In the near future, Atari will be launching one hell... 
Wild Theory Explains Pokémon's Biggest Mysteries - The twist at the end of Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire d... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Andrea Guardini’s 49cm Specialized Venge - Andrea Guardini, Astana's top sprinter, has already c... 
League Of Legends Team Fires Manager For Threatening One Of His Players 
Technical FAQ: Wet riding, shock pressure, gear compatibility 
A Mouse With Its Own Light Show, Mario Kart Slot Cars, and More Deals 
Peraud admits to poor form ahead of season debut - Jean-Christophe Péraud (Ag2r La Mondiale) helped return French ... 
Wiggins: ‘No rainbow curse’ - Bradley Wiggins (Team Sky) bristled at the notion of a rainbow jersey curse after co... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Video: GCN investigates the effectiveness of winter base miles 
The Future of DLC Is an Expensive Place - You've probably seen that famous Mona Lisa Photoshop that shows how down... 
Doom Mod Replaces Every Sound with a Guy's Voice - It's the perfect way to turn an otherwise grim, brutal game abo... 
One Way To Avoid Imperial Entanglements - Grant Griffin is an American artist who has worked with game companies l... 
Spider-Man Can FINALLY Join The Other Marvel Movies - Ever wonder why Spider-Man hasn't at least made token appear... 
Wearing white jersey, Sagan poised to challenge Qatar GC - Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) kept his wits about him to f... 
Wiggins looks forward to life after the road - After a bumpy ride in stage 2 of the Tour of Qatar, Bradley Wiggins... 
Wearing white jersey, Sagan poised to challenge Qatar GC - Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) kept his wits about him to f... 
How People Actually Play Grand Theft Auto V - Rockstar always tries to sell its Grand Theft Auto games with fancy ... 
How To Pull Off Super Mario World's Most Incredible Glitch - Super Mario World has a crazy glitch where players ca... 
Tinkoff-Saxo sharpening Sagan and his support team for monuments 
Tinkov on Russia’s struggling economy: ‘Don’t believe the propaganda’ 
Kristoff rides into Tour of Qatar lead with stage 2 win - Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) won the second day of the T... 
Discounted Gaming Gift Cards, Mechanical Keyboards, and More Deals 
The Man Behind Some of the Best Cosplay Gear in the World - A badass Mass Effect rifle replica. Creepily realistic... 
Video: Scoping out new tech at Dubai Tour - Walk the Dubai Tour pits with GCN and Caley Fretz to see what new gear... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Photo Essay: bpost Bank Trofee — Lille - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. bpost Bank Trofee - Lille -... 
Studio Ghibli Doesn't Know What To Make Next - The studio behind Totoro, Porco Rosso and more is not dead yet. But... 
After Two Decades, I've Finally Outgrown Mortal Kombat's Violence 
Evolve Impressions: ‘Just One More Round’ - Evolve can be simplified in many ways, and you've probably heard them ... 
The Art Of Jupiter Ascending - The general consensus on Jupiter Ascending seems to be this: terrible movie, but it... 
Streets of Phoenix. #cycling 
Streets of Phoenix #cycling 
Streets Of Phoenix. #cycling 
Streets of Phoenix. #cycling 
Streets of Phoenix. #cycling @ Chase Field 
Check out this #photosphere of Phoenix 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: A Live-Action Legend Of Zelda - Netflix and Nintendo may be making a live-action Legend of Z... 
The Week In Games: Evolve Or Play Something Else - I was going to say "Evolve or die" but that seemed a bit harsh,... 
Bradley Wiggins wants plenty of preparation before tackling hour record 
Amazon's Discounting Kindles for Valentine's Day, Plus More Deals 
Wwwwwhen A Twitch Stream Donation Goes Horribly Wwwwwrong - Pokemon streamer SherwoodLIVE (via Reddit) finds out t... 
Mathieu van der Poel wins Superprestige round in Hoogstraten 
Bradley Wiggins wants plenty of preparation before tackling hour record 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Rohan Dennis sets world hour record of 52.491km - Rohan Dennis en route to a new hour record. Photo: AFP Rohan Den... 
With Censorship This Inane, Criminal Girls Should Have Stayed In Japan 
The Latest Transformers Game Had Me Until I Spent $20 On Nothing 
How Mortal Kombat X Brings Players Together While Tearing Them Apart 
Gallery: 2015 Dubai Tour, stage 4 - Mark Cavendish wins the final stage and takes the overall at the Dubai Tour. P... 
Bradley Wiggins is in it to win it as Tour of Qatar gears up 
Gallery: 2015 Dubai Tour, stage 4 - Mark Cavendish wins the final stage and takes the overall at the Dubai Tour. P... 
Bradley Wiggins is in it to win it as Tour of Qatar gears up 
Mathieu van der Poel, Sanne Cant win Bpost Bank Trofee finale in Lille 
2016 world roads course to take in windy countryside, cobbled city streets 
The Saturday Stream Plays Grow Home, Ubisoft's Wondrous Robot Adventure 
Live-Action Naruto Play Saved The Best Cast Pictures For Last 
2016 world roads course to take in windy countryside, cobbled city streets 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Mark Cavendish bounces back in Dubai, wins finale, takes overall 
2/2/2015: Pikachu Will Make You Happy - I've had a really terrible week, but Pikachu waving excitedly at me makes ... 
Heroes of Might and Magic III HD came out last week, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Valve To Counter-Strike Pros: Never Bet On Matches - Recently there have been accusations (some proven ) of match-... 
Video: The pros give their take on the sock length debate - Global Cycling Network has the scoop on which pros pre... 
Someone Actually Removed A Game From Steam Early Access - Under The Ocean spent more than a year on Steam Early Ac... 
The Secret Reloading Animations Of Battlefield Hardline - Every time you reload a gun in Battlefield Hardline, the... 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Dubai Tour, stage 3: Cavendish S... 
Commentary: A letter to the UCI president - UCI president Brian Cookson is under increasing scrutiny to take a sta... 
Gallery: Specialized headquarters tour - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Specialized headquarters to... 
Armitstead clinches Ladies Tour of Qatar - Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) won the Ladies Tour of Qatar, a first... 
Armitstead clinches Ladies Tour of Qatar - Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) won the Ladies Tour of Qatar, a first... 
Lizzie Armitstead thanks her Dutch team for Qatar overall win 
Legend of Zelda Graphic Novel, Humble Adventure Bundle, and More Deals 
Marvel's Just Announced the First Women-Only Team of Avengers 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Degenkolb jumps into Dubai Tour lead after winning stage 3 - John Degenkolb out-climbed the peloton in the steep f... 
The Legend of Legacy Is One Hard JRPG - Over the past week, I've been spending a lot of time with the new 3DS RPG ... 
Nintendo Is So Annoying About Smartphones - You know what would be cool? If Nintendo released its old games on sma... 
Back To The Future Redesign Scraps The DeLorean For Something...Faster 
Website Will Track Amiibo Stock So You Don't Have To - Reader Chris Ryan, keenly aware how damn hard it's proving ... 
The race must go on: L’Etoile de Besseges continues despite protest 
Armitstead plots cycling domination: Flanders and worlds wins 
The race must go on: L’Etoile de Besseges continues despite protest 
Dark Souls II Patch Radically Changes The Game's Ending - When you reach the end of Dark Souls, the players is pre... 
Every Country That Has Ever Been In The Civilization Games - England is obvious. So too Japan, and China, and Egyp... 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Dubai Tour stage 2: Dubai Tour S... 
Video: 10 ways to stay healthy and avoid illness - Global Cycling Network has 10 tips to help you stay healthy and... 
Armitstead sprints into lead at Ladies Tour of Qatar - Lizzie Armitstead (Boels-Dolmans) won stage 3 of the Ladies... 
Racing Game Makes You Drive On Three Roads At Once - I have enough trouble getting from start to finish in a racin... 
Witcher 3 Price Slash, Logitech Gaming Mouse, and More Deals 
A cobbled future for Zabel, son of the sprint king - Rick Zabel wants to be a classics man starting this season. P... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
A cobbled future for Zabel, son of the sprint king - Rick Zabel wants to be a classics man starting this season. P... 
Drawing Anime Swordplay Is Difficult - Future animators out there, take note. Read more... 
First Look at the God Eater Anime - God Eater, the popular Japanese game series that's kind of like Monster Hunter... 
The Final Disney Infinity 2.0 Characters Are Digital-Only, Because Tron 
Game of Thrones Star Breaks A (Mythical) 1000 Year-Old Strength Record 
How People Use Twitch, Visualized - At any given time, there are tens of thousands watching and playing games on T... 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 1 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Dubai Tour, stage 1: Downtown Dubai C... 
Smash Bros. Glitch Turns Everything Into A Tomato - Smash Bros. has dozens of items, all of which work in differen... 
In the News: Van Aert defends bike choice after worlds - After the first lap of racing in Tabor at cyclocross worl... 
In the News: Van Aert defends bike choice after worlds - After the first lap of racing in Tabor at cyclocross worl... 
2015 Tour of the Mediterranean cancelled - Stephen Cummings won the 2014 edition of the Tour of the Mediterranean.... 
Team Beats Destiny's Toughest Raid Without Using Guns - "WHY IS THIS WORKING???" My thoughts exactly, Destiny raid... 
Boswell wants a crack at the Tour of California - Ian Boswell (left) and Bernhard Eisel at work. Photo: Tim De Wae... 
Van Dijk wins stage 2 in Qatar, grabs golden jersey - Ellen Van Dijk (Boels-Dolmans) rode her way into the overall... 
Run Your Own Prison, Grab the Mario Party Amiibo Bundle, &amp; More Deals 
Van Dijk wins stage 2 in Qatar, grabs golden jersey - Ellen Van Dijk (Boels-Dolmans) rode her way into the overall... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Boswell wants a crack at the Tour of California - Ian Boswell (left) and Bernhard Eisel at work. Photo: Tim De Wae... 
Comic Con Gets a Villainous Makeover in The Minions Trailer - While the first Minions trailer delved into the cent... 
South Korea's Game Addiction Ads Are Terrible - The South Korean government released a public service announcement... 
League Of Legends' Latest Character Skin Is Damn Cool, Damn Expensive 
Equip Swag - Stepan Alekseev, aka chosac, is an artist who has worked on games like The Legend of the Cryptids. Re... 
Please, Make A New Power Rangers Movie Like This - Yeah, a big part of the appeal of Power Rangers (and Super Sent... 
The 2015 cycling season according to Bronzini - Italian Giorgia Bronzini (Wiggle-Honda) is kicking off her season ... 
North American group joins CPA pro riders union - Lucas Euser (UnitedHealthcare) serves on the board of directors ... 
Joystiq Photo Album - Like all good photo albums, our look back at ten years of Joystiq is a hot mess of nostalgia... 
There is No End - Joystiq will not grow to be much older than ten years. That's a massive expenditure of time, if ... 
H1Z1 Players Have Created An Actual Fight Club - You know the first rule of fight club, don't you? Well, these H1Z... 
The 2015 cycling season according to Bronzini - Italian Giorgia Bronzini (Wiggle-Honda) is kicking off her season ... 
North American group joins CPA Pro Riders Union - Lucas Euser (UnitedHealthcare) serves on the board of directors ... 
How I did on Twitter this week: 6 New Followers, 3 Mentions, 1.97K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Olds begins 2015 season with a bang in Qatar - Shelly Olds started off her 2015 season with a top-five finish at L... 
Games of a Lifetime: Alexander's picks - After more than ten years devoted to video games and the people who make ... 
Joystiq Streams: Once more, with feeling - Ladies and gentlemen it's time/for all the good that's in you to shine/... 
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD Discount, The Order: 1886 CE, and More Deals 
Annalisa Cucinotta wins Ladies Tour of Qatar, stage 1 - Annalisa Cucinotta (Alé-Cipollini) won a bunch sprint at t... 
Olds begins 2015 season with a bang in Qatar - Shelly Olds started off her 2015 season with a top-five finish at L... 
Hidden Details Buried In The Dark Souls II Expansion's New Trailer 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Froome takes motivation out of 2014 setbacks - Chris Froome is looking forward to starting his season later this m... 
The One Piece "Mistake" People Are Talking About - The latest One Piece manga is out in the new issue of Weekly Ju... 
The Up All Night Stream Plays Kirby and the Rainbow Curse - Back on the Wii, you saw everyone’s favorite pink blob... 
In Which A Zombie Is Kicked Into The Ocean - Dying Light has a dropkick attack. It's cool, if only for the visual ... 
Joystiq Presents: Take care of business - In this episode, Mike Suszek (@mikesuszek) talks with Weekend Editor Sam... 
Sadly, This Sumo Scene Didn't Make It Into Big Hero 6 - Ryan Lang is an artist at Disney who we featured a while b... 
Ladies Tour of Qatar helps Doha’s 2024 Olympic bid - Sheikh Khalid Bin Ali Al Thani, the president of Qatar's cycl... 
Ladies Tour of Qatar helps Doha’s 2024 Olympic bid - Sheikh Khalid Bin Ali Al Thani, the president of Qatar's cycl... 
Video Game Car Crash Survivor Should Buy A Lottery Ticket - In Highlight Reel today we have some close calls in Th... 
Games of a Lifetime: Xav's picks - After more than ten years devoted to video games and the people who make them, ... 
Games of a Lifetime: Richard's picks - After more than ten years devoted to video games and the people who make th... 
Photo Essay: 2015 cyclocross worlds: juniors, recon, and elite women 
A Brief History Of Star Wars Canon, Old And New - When a franchise is around for four decades, it can get impossib... 
Photo Essay: 2015 cyclocross worlds: juniors, recon, and elite women 
Julian Kyer Journal: Trust the struggle - Instead of mixing it up at team camp this winter, Kyer is home sick with... 
Games of a Lifetime: Jessica's picks - After more than ten years devoted to video games and the people who make th... 
Outlier: CrossVegas will be the first U.S. cyclocross World Cup 
Sony Sells Off Studio Behind Everquest, H1Z1 - Sony has sold Sony Online Entertainment to an investment firm, the ... 
Games of a Lifetime: Sinan's picks - After more than ten years devoted to video games and the people who make them... 
Rogers committed to helping Contador take shot at Giro-Tour double 
PS4 Bundled with Plus, Majora's Mask 3D, Jurassic Park, and More Deals 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Evans closes career at inaugural race that bears his name - Cadel Evans said farewell to the peloton on Sunday. Ph... 
Pixelly Simpsons Tribute is Awesome, Even if You Don't Watch The Show 
Stiq Figures, January 19 - 25: All-time favorite game edition 
Madden 15 Predicted The Exact Score Of The Super Bowl - Every year, the folks at EA Sports rig a game of Madden to... 
Katy Perry Wore A Wiimote Strap To The Super Bowl - Behold: singer Katy Perry, the only person on earth who actual... 
Joystiq Presents: One missed call - In the latest episode, Mike Suszek (@mikesuszek) talks with Weekend Editor Tho... 
The Week In Games: GameBob ThronePants - What I am trying to say here is I really wanted to use a screenshot from ... 
So, what's left to remaster? - Has there ever been a time when the word "remastered" was so prolific in the conver... 
You'll Have To Think Like A Pirate To Solve This Week's Puzzle 
Matteo Pelucchi wins finale of 2015 Mallorca Challenge - Matteo Pelucchi takes his second victory of this year's M... 
Matteo Pelucchi wins finale of 2015 Mallorca Challenge - Matteo Pelucchi takes his second victory of this year's M... 
Delve Into The Hidden Horrors Of The Universe... With Kittens 
Friend, former Joystiq editor Andrew Yoon passes away at 29 - On Thursday, January 29, friend and former Joystiq e... 
Sunday Comics: With Divine Porpoise - Welcome to Kotaku's Sunday Comics, your weekly roundup of the best webcomics... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: 2015 UCI cyclocross worlds, elite men - 1. Mathieu VAN DER POEL (NED) ,1:09:12 2. Wout VAN AERT (BEL) ,1:... 
Weekly Webcomic Wrapup is riding into the sunset - I guess we should just call this "Final Webcomic Wrapup," huh? ... 
Joystiq Discussion: Do you have a gaming tattoo? - Alright guys, I may not get another chance to tell you this, so... 
Jack Bobridge falls just short of hour record in Australia - Jack Bobridge said attempting the hour record was the... 
Stud-Free LEGO Enterprise Is Much Larger Than It Seems - It's one thing to build a model of the U.S.S. Enterprise ... 
Fourth is as good as gold for Gage Hecht at 2015 cyclocross worlds 
Joystiq Presents: Too good to be real - Mike Suszek (@mikesuszek) talks with Reviews Content Director Richard Mitc... 
12 Monkeys' Heroes Both Do The Unforgivable, But We Still Root For Them 
Fourth is as good as gold for Gage Hecht at 2015 cyclocross worlds 
Check out Sync Solver for Fitbit 
Gallery: 2015 world CX championships, women - Pauline Ferrand-Prevot takes the title from Sanne Cant. Photo: Tim D... 
Results: 2015 UCI Cyclocross World Championships, junior men and women 
Watch The Biggest Smash Bros. Tournament of The Year Live, Right Here 
Gallery: 2015 world CX championships, women - Pauline Ferrand-Prevot takes the title from Sanne Cant. Photo: Tim D... 
Dying Light Benchmarked: Graphics And CPU Performance - Most known for developing the Call of Juarez and Dead Isla... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: 2015 UCI Cyclocross World Championships, junior men and women 
1/26/2014: Say Hello To All Of Team Kotaku - Well, almost every full-time employee, anyway. Our friend András coul... 
WRUP: All good things... - You were always welcome. What's everyone playing?... 
Octodad: Dadliest Catch reels in $4.9 million in gross revenue 
Portal 2 Mod Looks Slick Enough To Be A Valve Game - Portal Stories: Mel, an upcoming mod for Portal 2, is startin... 
Pikachu Keeps Loners Company at Pokémon Cafe - For some folks, eating alone is awful. But not at the Tokyo Pokémon... 
Two North American cyclocross World Cup races slated for 2015 
Evolve's latest footage hunts alone - Evolve centers around a team of hunters stalking giant, ill-tempered prey, b... 
Meet Twitch's Newest Star: A Piano Player - For most of this week, I was pretty sick. There was an upside, though:... 
Week in Tech: Cyclocross worlds and new Shimano power meter - Belgian riders Wout van Aert and Rob Peeters receive... 
Joystiq Presents: Sinan buys a Virtual Boy - Mike Suszek (@mikesuszek) talks with Joystiq's Sinan Kubba (@SinanKub... 
How To Deliver A Gas Tanker Like A Winner - In Highlight Reel today we have a load of Dying Light clips, some expl... 
Two North American cyclocross World Cup races slated for 2015 
New Nintendo eShop releases: More of the Samus, please - $10 for the Metroid Prime: Trilogy on Wii U with apparent... 
Video: GCN’s Alberto Contador interview - Alberto Contador talks to Global Cycling Network about his favorite race... 
Video: GCN’s Alberto Contador interview - Alberto Contador talks to Global Cycling Network about his favorite race... 
2014's Best Games On Sale, Faster Xbox Load Times, and More Deals 
Report: Ouya gets $10 million investment from Alibaba - Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba invested $10 million in... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Sven Nys’ Trek Boone for 2015 ‘cross worlds 
Lupin the Third, A Visual Comparison - Over the forty years since the Lupin The Third's debut, the characters have... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
At 38, Nys still hungry for a cyclocross worlds victory - Sven Nys has endured some frustration this season, but h... 
Watch Marshawn Lynch play Mortal Kombat X, say more than 7 words 
Dating Show Contestant Dresses Up as a Cat To Find Mr. Right 
Final Fantasy Explorers Is Crystal Chronicles Meets Monster Hunter 
I Like That The Witcher 3 Treats Me Like an Adult - Like Nathan, I played a good four or five hours of The Witcher... 
Battlefield Hardline beta test arrives February 3 - Hoping to both stress test its servers and drum up an extra bi... 
Game About Building Ikea Furniture Is Tough To Finish - It's one of life's toughest challenges. Now it's one of vi... 
Rovio's head of games flies the coop - Jami Laes has departed Angry Birds developer Rovio where he lead the games ... 
The Hidden Meaning Behind the Name of One Pokémon Region - Pokémon's current series director Junichi Masuda has be... 
Valve: Steam Workshop creators have earned over $57 million - There's tidy cash to be made in designing virtual it... 
Cycling on TV: U.S. viewers may see more, eventually - For many years, online streaming has been the only way for ... 
Cycling on TV: U.S. viewers may see more, eventually - For many years, online streaming has been the only way for ... 
Skyrim Mod Lets You Marry Creepy Wooden People - I do not like the implications of Skyrim's craftable followers/NP... 
Belgians will be tough to beat in U-23, junior ‘cross worlds 
@cgbeige Hey Dave! Thinking about grabbing the 5K iMac. Any comments on the graphics card in it as it pertains to Maya 2015?
Golden opportunity: Women’s ‘cross worlds there for the taking 
Grand Theft Auto drives off with top UK spot for third week - Oh, hey! Ok, so, we know it's Thursday and all, but ... 
Nintendo's YouTube Plan Is Already Being Panned By YouTubers 
Matteo Pelucchi wins Mallorca opener - Matteo Pelucchi (IAM Cycling) won the first day of the Challenge Ciclista M... 
Matteo Pelucchi wins Mallorca opener - Matteo Pelucchi (IAM Cycling) won the first day of the Challenge Ciclista M... 
Transistor, Yakuza 4 heading to PlayStation Plus next month - Sony has revealed next month's PlayStation Plus line... 
Mortal Kombat X Preorder Deal, Complete Firefly Series, and More Deals 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Ask a Mechanic: Overhauling Shimano hubs - The post Ask a Mechanic: Overhauling Shimano hubs appeared first on Vel... 
Torchlight 2 is finally coming to Mac next week - Torchlight 2 for Mac hits Steam on Monday, February 2, just over... 
Starbound's big Winter Update, titled Upbeat Giraffe, went live on Steam overnight. 
Watch Dragon's Dogma Online gameplay in the debut trailer - Going by its first trailer, Dragon's Dogma Online play... 
Two Captain America Figures are Better than One - Captain America: The Winter Soldier was one of my favorite movie... 
Sunset Overdrive Isn't All Obnoxious Orange - Vaughan Ling is an artist who has done stuff with companies like Dis... 
Sony pulls support for Vita's Maps, YouTube apps - In a brief Twitter message, Sony has announced that official su... 
Reptile gets the go-ahead for Mortal Kombat X - Who's next? Mortal Kombat series veteran Reptile will return in th... 
Get Your Ass To Mars (And Maybe Play This Game) - Hey, it's Soren Johnson, of Civ III &amp; IV fame! And now he and hi... 
UCI to host inaugural Women’s Teams Seminar - A day after the inaugural women's Strade Bianche race, the UCI will ... 
UCI to host inaugural Women’s Teams Seminar - A day after the inaugural women's Strade Bianche race, the UCI will ... 
Ken Levine hints at new first-person sci-fi adventure - BioShock creator Ken Levine recently let slip on Twitter t... 
A Badass Supernatural Steampunk Fight - If you have a couple of minutes to spare, you need to watch this visually ... 
Five Nights At Freddy's 3 seeks your Greenlight approval - Three months after Five Nights At Freddy's 2, developer... 
That's Not How Fighting Works, UFC Game  - Today on Highlight Reel we have some impossible UFC and WWE moves, a fa... 
@AdonitNews @procreateapp Why not a gesture based toggle control to turn on and off palm rejection? Isn't that a reasonable compromise?
Find your approach: Eight ways to get in solid winter training 
Changing the Business Model: Rethinking pro cycling’s governance 
North American Tetris player achieves Grand Master rank - Tetris wizard and Twitch streamer KevinDDR has reached t... 
Changing the Business Model: Rethinking pro cycling’s governance 
Valverde kicks off 2015 race season in Mallorca - Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) will kick off the 2015 race season... 
Resident Evil Revelations 2, $12 Gaming Mouse, and More Deals 
Rock out with your Spotify out on PlayStation - Happy clap, happy clap! Music service Spotify is coming to PlaySta... 
Someone Outside of Japan Finally Became A Tetris Grandmaster 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Teams lining up to sign Colombian sprinter Fernando Gaviria - Fernando Gaviria (right) beat Mark Cavendish twice i... 
@AdonitNews I'll throw up 5 stars on Amazon. Totally the best Stylus I've tried. Any clue on when/if Procreate will support palm rejection?
@AdonitNews Got some time with Jot Touch Pro last nigght and this AM. It works way better than I anticipated. Can't wait to spend more time.
With 'staggering' iPhone sales, Apple returns record profit #Apple #profit. 
1.84M New 3DS units shipped in 2014, Wii U up to 9.2M - The New 3DS is off to a "good start" according to Nintendo... 
Man Plays Super Mario World with His Nose - And pretty well, mind you. But he does play Super Mario World by using... 
Nintendo: Sales tracking below forecasts, weak yen drives profit 
So Far, Nosgoth's Team-Based Vampire Battles Feel Surprisingly Fun 
Giant Transport Has Junk In Its Trunk - Alex Ichim is a Romanian concept artist who has worked for companies like ... 
VeloNews seeking an Editor in Chief, based in Boulder, Colorado 
But What Do Video Games SMELL Like? - Aside from the gunsmoke and dirt and filtered air and sweat everywhere, I me... 
VeloNews seeking an Editor in Chief, based in Boulder, Colorado 
Craddock heading home after nasty TDU crash - Giant-Alpecin's Lawson Craddock crashed hard in stage 4 of the Tour ... 
Microsoft: 6.6 million Xbox consoles shipped in Q2 2015 - In a recent earnings release, Microsoft reveals that dur... 
How League Of Legends Is Using Your Brain To Stop You Being An Asshole 
Craddock heading home after nasty TDU crash - Giant-Alpecin's Lawson Craddock crashed hard in stage 4 of the Tour ... 
In the News: Armstrong says ex-dopers should talk to CIRC - Speaking to BBC Sport, Lance Armstrong said that UCI p... 
Expect two new series from Feminist Frequency in 2015 - Controversial games critic and YouTube star Anita Sarkeesi... 
No, You Cannot Live in This Unreal Engine 4 Apartment - Sorry! This isn't an actual Paris apartment. But dang, it ... 
Gallery: Limited-edition Eddy Merckx Eddy70 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Eddy Merckx Eddy70: Se... 
Follow @AdonitNews Great products. Great support! #bestinclass
@AdonitNews I have been using a Jot Pro and love it...but wanted a more comprehensive solution. The Jot Pro is wonderful.
@AdonitNews Thank you for responding. I'm hopeful. I ordered your Stylus. It arrives later today. I'm excited to try it.
How I did on Twitter this week: 1 New Followers, 4 Mentions, 5.33K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Carmen Small Journal: My first track race - Carmen Small (third wheel) helped her U.S. team ride to third place in... 
2015 Tour of Qatar to host star-studded field - Etixx-Quick-Step's Nikki Terpstra will return to the Tour of Qatar... 
Watch 14 minutes of The Witcher 3's gameplay - Have you finished reading about the first three hours of The Witche... 
Majora's Mask 3DS Extras, Logitech Gaming Gear, and More Deals 
Roman Kreuziger’s highs and lows - Although Kreuziger is cleared to race, a pending biological passport case appea... 
RetroBlazer feels like Doom by way of Saturday morning cartoons 
Reptile is the latest character to be announced for Mortal Kombat X, and he's looking especially nas 
@AdonitNews How could the SDK fix an iPad Air 2 hardware feature issue? Seems like the answer is to use iPad Air or below.
@AdonitNews Thank you. Good explanation.
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
@AdonitNews Hearing about lots of problems using Adonit Pro with iPad Air 2. Are they due to the glass on Air 2? Bluetooth? iOS 8?
Technical FAQ: Cracked carbon seatposts and more - Harry’s cracked carbon seatpost. A cracked carbon seatpost Dear... 
The Witcher 3 on consoles can simulate world states, can't import Witcher 2 saves 
The Secret Douglas Adams RPG People Have Been Playing for 15 Years 
If Zelda Had Final Fantasy Logos - The Legend of Zelda has its own logos. They're great! But what if Zelda logos l... 
Fifteen teams set to contest Ladies Tour of Qatar - The Ladies Tour of Qatar will host four days of racing in earl... 
League of Legends Amumu music video is a tear-jerker - Amumu is the saddest of all League of Legends champions - a... 
Two Of Pro Counter-Strike's Best Matches Yet - MLG X Games Aspen, the year's first seriously big pro Counter-Strik... 
Golem to follow Omen's lead onto Killer Instinct roster - Following a reveal earlier this month, developer Iron Ga... 
Competitive Hearthstone Had Serious DDoS Problems Over The Weekend 
Fifteen teams set to contest Ladies Tour of Qatar - The Ladies Tour of Qatar will host four days of racing in earl... 
Lance Armstrong on doping: 'I would probably do it again' #lance #armstrong. 
Armstrong says he’d cheat again - Speaking to the BBC, Armstrong said, "If you take me back to 1995, when doping w... 
Armstrong says he’d cheat again - Speaking to the BBC, Armstrong said, "If you take me back to 1995, when doping w... 
Smash Bros. creator Sakurai also has trouble tracking down amiibo 
Skyrim Disguises Let You Walk Around Doing Whatever - Here's a cool thing: a new mod for Skyrim lets you wear fact... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 7 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 7:... 
Destiny dev: DLC mistakes won't be repeated - Destiny designer Luke Smith recently addressed concerns over Bungie'... 
American Counter-Strike Scene Hit Hard By Pro Cheating Bans - Recently, substantial evidence came to light that a ... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 7 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 7:... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 6:... 
Dying Light, Valkyria Chronicles, Final Fantasies, and More Deals 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 6 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 6:... 
The Game Awards will return, Keighley confirms - Following a year-end debut that attracted 1.93 million viewers, p... 
UCI delays new rankings system after catching heat - Rohan Dennis leads the UCI rankings after winning the Tour Do... 
If Doctor Doom Was a Character in Destiny… - He'd look a lot like this cosplay. Pretty much exactly this. "Doom ha... 
Dragon Age: Inquisition gets special recognition from GLAAD - GLAAD (Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation) ... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
UCI delays new rankings system after catching heat - Rohan Dennis leads the UCI rankings after winning the Tour Do... 
Four Creative (if Bizarre) Games from Global Game Jam Beijing 
Lady Hammerlock joins Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel's playable lineup 
Diaz wins Tour de San Luis, Cavendish claims stage 7 - Mark Cavendish (Etixx-Quick-Step) won the final stage of To... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Behind Microsoft's Holographic Wall - This past week Microsoft debuted Hololens, a holograph... 
Diaz wins Tour de San Luis, Cavendish claims stage 7 - Mark Cavendish (Etixx-Quick-Step) won the final stage of To... 
Homeworld Remastered Collection coming February 25 - Homeworld Remastered Collection, a compilation that includes ... 
Sounds Like Destiny's Next DLC Will Be Way Less Cruel - When Destiny's first expansion pack came out last month, h... 
Results: 2014-15 UCI Cyclocross World Cup-Hoogerheide - Men 1. Mathieu Van Der Poel, BKCP-Powerplus, in 1:08:38 2.... 
Results: 2014-15 UCI Cyclocross World Cup-Hoogerheide - Men 1. Mathieu Van Der Poel, BKCP-Powerplus, in 1:08:38 2.... 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 6 - 1. Wouter WIPPERT, DRAPAC PROFESSIONAL CYCLING, in 1:56:09 2. Hein... 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 6 - 1. Wouter WIPPERT, DRAPAC PROFESSIONAL CYCLING, in 1:56:09 2. Hein... 
The Homeworld remastered collection will be out for PC on February 25, Gearbox just announced. 
Gallery: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 6 - The race leader stayed focused and out of trouble in the final sta... 
Kotaku 'Shop Contest: Make Your Own Damn Zelda New 3DS XL: Winners!  
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Rohan Dennis confirms title at Santos Tour Down Under - Rohan Dennis celebrates the final victory. Photo: Tim De W... 
Kleber Da Silva wins stage 6 at Tour de San Luis; Dani Diaz holds lead 
Kleber Da Silva wins stage 6 at Tour de San Luis; Dani Diaz holds lead 
24 Karat Gold PS4 And Xbox One Controllers Are Dumb, Almost Sold Out 
Why You Should Care That The FCC Is Trying To Redefine Broadband 
First-person puzzler Magnetic: Cage Closed is like Portal, cubed 
For the '90s Arcade Gamer Soul: Gunsport - Wandering the halls of PAX South, a pattern begins to emerge: the 8-bit... 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 5 - 1. Richie PORTE, TEAM SKY, in 3:37:32 2. Rohan DENNIS, BMC RACING ... 
The Saturday Stream Plays Citizens Of Earth - Today we take a short dive into Eden Industries comical role-playing... 
Roman Kreuziger says polygraph supports claims of innocence - Roman Kreuziger wins the Amstel Gold Race. Photo: Gr... 
Roman Kreuziger says polygraph supports claims of innocence - Roman Kreuziger wins the Amstel Gold Race. Photo: Gr... 
Batman Beats Superman in Footage of Cancelled Justice League Game 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Richie Porte wins on Willunga Hill, just misses lead at Tour Down Under 
1/19/2015: A Terrible Realization - Poor Luigi. Read more... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 5 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 5:... 
EA snitches on Battlefield Hardline, reveals maps and modes - Following a raid by local authorities, informants at... 
Best Buy Mistake Screws Some People Out Of Majora's Mask 3DSes 
PSN Indie game flash sale: Resogun, Brothers, Shadow Warrior 
The $72 Amazon Prime Deal is Live, Even For Existing Subscribers! 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 5 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 5:... 
Deja vu: Malori wins Tour de San Luis time trial - Adriano Malori (Movistar) won the stage 5 time trial at the Tou... 
Deja vu: Malori wins Tour de San Luis time trial - Adriano Malori (Movistar) won the stage 5 time trial at the Tou... 
Barely Related: Night Vale travels to YouTube, UFO files - Partying is such sweet sorrow. Welcome to Barely Relate... 
Destiny's Best Rocket Launcher Doesn't Need Advertising - Destiny players sure love the Gjallarhorn—and it's creat... 
Gallery: Santos Tour Down Under, stage 4 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Santos Tour Down Under St... 
Early Access zombie survival hit DayZ tops 3 million sales - Publisher Bohemia Interactive has revealed that DayZ,... 
10 Cool Things We've Learned About The Pokémon Fighting Game Today 
Gallery: Santos Tour Down Under, stage 4 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Santos Tour Down Under St... 
Real-life, giant Pac-Man maze stars in Super Bowl ad - Bud Light's Super Bowl XLIX commercial sends a clear messag... 
Armello enters Game of Early Access Thrones - Digital board game Armello is available now on Steam Early Access. D... 
Video: GCN race report, Tour Down Under, stage 4 - Steele Von Hoff (UniSa) won stage 4 of the Tour Down Under. Pho... 
Square Sure Put A Lot Of Work Into Final Fantasy Type-0 HD - Here, for your enjoyment, is an official Square Enix ... 
Orica-AIS aims to reclaim spot as world’s best team - Orica-AIS hopes that Scandolara's win in the Santos Women's ... 
Orica-AIS aims to reclaim spot as world’s best team - Orica-AIS hopes that Scandolara's win in the Santos Women's ... 
Saints Row IV: Re-Elected Sale, Minecraft LEGO, and More Deals 
@RenegadeCitizen Hi Rob. Thanks for the follow.
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Bouet’s Tour Down Under podium hopes sit on Willunga Hill - Maxime Bouet is hopeful he'll be able to ride onto the... 
People Destroying Cars Like in Street Fighter. Sort of. - Tough? Wasteful? Dull? A handful of martial arts types t... 
Spend 48 hours torturing loved ones for free in The Sims 4 - - EA's latest addition to its Origin Game Time vault ... 
Box Boy is Full of Puzzles, Platforming, and Cuteness - What happens when you take a bit of Mario and cross it wit... 
Armello hit early access today. - Armello hit early access today. I've been playing it this afternoon and it's pre... 
PC Game Combines Two Very Unlikely Genres - Starr Mazer is a shmup. Starr Mazer is also a point-and-click adventur... 
‘Cross nationals postponement cost over $250,000, according to survey 
Creative assassination in turn-based stealth game, Ronin - Ronin, a bloody action and stealth platformer from Toma... 
‘Cross nationals postponement cost over $250,000, according to survey 
Diaz’s day atop the Cerro el Amago in Tour de San Luis - Daniel Diaz (Funvic) rode to his second stage win at Tour... 
Joystiq Deals: Bluetooth Audio Beanie - Today, Joystiq Deals serves up the The Bluetooth Audio Beanie, a fashionab... 
Though Ubisoft just announced Grow Home, a new climbing game from Ubisoft Reflections, you can play 
One Of The Best Counter-Strike Teams Practices In A Spooky Mansion 
Reviewed: Four long-sleeve jerseys - Bontrager's RXL long-sleeve jersey is our favorite piece from this round-up, ... 
Testimony sheds light on Leinders, Rabobank’s systematic doping 
Dowsett postpones hour-record attempt - Alex Dowsett's hour-record attempt has been postponed after a crash that r... 
Dowsett postpones hour-record attempt - Alex Dowsett's hour-record attempt has been postponed after a crash that r... 
Few play Assassin's Creed for historical accuracy, but the games are set during important moments fr 
Elders wait for traffic, play Grand Theft Auto 5 - The Fine Brothers offered another React Gaming video, but unlik... 
Final Fantasy X|X-2, Vita Memory Cards, and More Deals - The HD Remaster of Final Fantasy X and X-2 was one of our... 
Castle in the Darkness lights up Steam on February 5 - Castle in the Darkness from Nicalis, developer and publishe... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Results: 2015 Santos Tour Down Under, stage 3 - 1. Rohan DENNIS, BMC Racing, in 3:35:08 2. Cadel EVANS, BMC Racing... 
J-Horror in Manga Form is Not for The Weak of Heart - Why, no. I never had any intention of ever sleeping again. R... 
Real-Life Version of Resident Evil Is a Bloody Puzzle Game - Capcom is rolling out an official Resident Evil attra... 
LeMond on Armstrong: ‘If anybody deserves a lifetime ban, it’s this guy’ 
LeMond on Armstrong: ‘If anybody deserves a lifetime ban, it’s this guy’ 
Steampunk Iron Man Was, At Least, Actually Made Of Iron - Aleksandr Nikonov is a concept artist from Russia. We ac... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Tour de San Luis, stage 3: Novo... 
Star Citizen expected to reach $100 million in funding - Wing Commander, and more recently Star Citizen creator Ch... 
Classy Steam Redesign Is Better Than The Real Thing - Steam is looking better these days than it has for most of i... 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 3 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Tour de San Luis, stage 3: Novo... 
Gaviria great again at Tour de San Luis - Fernando Gaviria (Colombia) celebrated his second win at Tour de San Lui... 
Carl Decker Journal: The Austin debacle - Another Fountain of Youth at #CXNots. Photo: Carl Decker Editor’s note: ... 
EA Access offers first look at Battlefield Hardline - General PSA for EA Access subscribers, and likely to be simi... 
Please Stop Saying Video Games Are ‘Too Long’ - One big thing that makes video games unique in the cornucopia of p... 
You Need Quantum Physics To Explain Pokémon's Timeline - We already know that, thanks to alternate dimensions, the... 
Carl Decker Journal: The Austin debacle - Another Fountain of Youth at #CXNots. Photo: Carl Decker Editor’s note: ... 
DmC Definitive is 1080p, 60fps fast in this clip - Definitive and remastered editions are all the rage nowadays, a... 
Velo Magazine — Buyer’s Guide 2015 - The best bikes and gear of 2015, all in one issue. The 2015 Velo Buyer’s Guid... 
Injured Pozzovivo still optimistic for TDU success - Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r-La Mondiale) is riding the Tour Down... 
Injured Pozzovivo still optimistic for TDU success - Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r-La Mondiale) is riding the Tour Down... 
Windows 10 is a free upgrade for 7, 8.1 users - Windows 10, the new operating system from Microsoft, will be avail... 
Tips For Playing Resident Evil - If you've never played a Resident Evil game before, this week's re-release is an ... 
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Tour Down Under, stage 2: Cadel ... 
Joystiq Discussions: Final Fantasy Type-0 HD and the deliceous typo 
Hey PC gamers: Microsoft is holding a Windows 10 event in Seattle this morning that they say will ha 
@miketartworks Great work. Thanks for the follow.
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de San Luis, stage 2 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Tour de San Luis 2015: Sta... 
PSN Store Update: Stop It Don't Open That Door Edition - This week's headline new release on PSN is definitely Sai... 
Steam Now Lets You Compare Download Speeds with the Rest of the World 
Japanese Pop Star Swallowed by Microphones in Hong Kong - Singer Sakura Miyawaki of the pop groups HKT48 and AKB48... 
Humble Card Game Bundle deals out Scrolls, Star Realms - Humble Bundle has a new promotion on deck: digital card g... 
I Need A Little More Romance In My Adult Dating Puzzle RPG - Successfully Kickstarted back in November 2013, Hunie... 
Sunset Overdrive sale for Gold members, new achievements - Sunset Overdrive is on sale for Xbox Live Gold members,... 
Attack On Titan Comes To...MapleStory - This is not a joke. There'll be "themed content"that lets you "Hone your s... 
Argentine Diaz wins one for host country in San Luis stage 2 
Velo Magazine — February 2015 - The sport of cycling is all about change, whether you’re a pro or a Joe. You’re co... 
'Her Story' FMV crime fiction game coming from Silent Hill: Shattered Memories designer 
The Wind Waker Ganondorf Statue Is One Magnificent Bastard - As teased over the weekend, First 4 Figures is now ac... 
Valentina Scandolara wins Santos Women’s Tour - Valentina Scandolara (Orica-AIS) won the 2015 Santos Women's Tour.... 
Skyrim Vs Fallout Battle Ends Gruesomely - People love pondering who'd win impossible fights. Superman vs Goku, Go... 
Valentina Scandolara wins Santos Women’s Tour - Valentina Scandolara successfully defended the leader’s jersey she... 
@BeaCreativeBex @arteechoke Thanks. Yes. It’s very cool and I’m thrilled for her.
@jirehrealight not sure
Gallery: Santos Tour Down Under, stage 1 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Santos Tour Down Under, s... 
Resident Evil HD Launch Sale, $65 PlayStation TV, and More Deals 
How I did on Twitter this week: 5 New Followers, 2 Mentions, 1.95K Mention Reach. How'd your week go? via 
Robotoki closes shop, Human Element on 'hiatus' - Robert Bowling's Robotoki has closed up shop, Joystiq has confir... 
Bounden, Fingle studio closes its doors in April - Game Oven Studios, the independent Dutch team behind body-morph... 
Gallery: Santos Tour Down Under, stage 1 - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Santos Tour Down Under, s... 
Giro 2015: Colombia in the cold - Team Colombia netted two second places at the 2014 Giro d'Italia, but was not gi... 
New Game's Trailer Is The Most 90s Thing Ever - Blood! Guts! Angry brothers! Screaming parents who just don't unde... 
Rick's Tweeps And Their Tweets is out! 
This is about my Daughters art. Lauren Pumphrey: The Art of Harmony | I Want A Buzz. @BeaCreativeBex @arteechoke  
Bobridge leads breakaway to stage win at Tour Down Under - Jack Bobridge (Unisa) stunned the Tour Down Under field... 
Borderlands Remastered Bundle Coming to PS4 and Xbox One - GameSpot 
Fabian Cancellara on the rivals who would be king - Fabian Cancellara is facing threats young and old, but is conf... 
PSN members get one-use 10% discount code this weekend - Sony's goodwill discount is up for the taking this weeken... 
Sony Makes a College Class You Wouldn't Skip - I dunno. Maybe you would skip it. But if you like video games, chan... 
Fabian Cancellara on the rivals who would be king - Fabian Cancellara is facing threats young and old, but is conf... 
Club Nintendo closing, 'new loyalty program' on the way - 'Club Nintendo is dead, long live the new loyalty progra... 
How Final Fantasy XV Is Influenced by Back to the Future: Part II 
War Is (Beautiful) Hell - Ivan Pozdnyakov is a Russian artist who works for ZeptoLab, the developers of Cut The Ro... 
Dragon Age: Inquisition PC patch 3 notes, 'close' to launch - The third PC patch for Dragon Age: Inquisition is fo... 
PlayStation Making Up For Downtime With A 10% Off Sale This Weekend 
Gaviria stuns WorldTour favorites with stage 1 Tour de San Luis win 
Fan Cuts The Hobbit Into A Single, 4-Hour Movie - The first thing I thought after watching The Battle of Five Armi... 
FSA to sponsor two teams with electronic drivetrain in 2015 - FSA is in bed with Etixx-Quick-Step and Tinkoff-Saxo... 
Halo: MCC patch tweaks matchmaking (again), up now - The latest patch for Halo: The Master Chief Collection is liv... 
Drive through this Project Cars trailer - Bandai Namco offered a new trailer for Project Cars today, the upcoming ... 
FSA to sponsor two teams with electronic drivetrain in 2015 - FSA is in bed with Etixx-Quick-Step and Tinkoff-Saxo... 
Winning Hearthstone Play Had A 0.00041% Chance Of Happening - Over the weekend, during a Hearthstone tournament, o... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Gage Hecht’s Moots Psychlo X RSL - 1 of {count} Back to Start View Larger Image. Pro Bike Galler... 
Pneuma pneuma, yay: First-person puzzler hits Xbox next month 
