"@GregSelinger: Congratulations to @RachelNotley and her team on their incredible campaign and historic win! #abpoli".  Orange Wave is ALIVE
"@ThomasMulcair: Congratulations on your historic victory, @RachelNotley. Inspired by the hopeful, optimistic campaign you ran.
Amazing election result from Alberta tonight!   Who would have thunk it!!!
"@kevin_chief: It's a pretty perfect way to start the  #wpshalfmarathon #letsdothis @ClairCerilli 
Check out #cbcmbfuture40 nominee 'Calvin V. Cerilli-Stankevicius (Business &amp; Entrepreneurship)' 
Teamsters Local 979 Throws Support behind Selinger 
They will say this was Rex Murphy's finest hour.

The CBC freelancer just issued the nation its ultimate call to arms 
I Love To Read is a February tradition!  Schools, kids, teachers and celebs all sharing a good read.
Supreme Court recognizes constitutional right to strike for Canadian workers 
6 surprising skills Canada's new jobs minister Pierre Poilievre brings to the table 
Greg's Message to Convention Delegates 
Great group gathering for Greg today.  Let's sharpen our skills in this campaign for the real deal in 2016! 
@GregSelinger All the best to you and your family. Courage!  Stay strong, principled and determined.  Better days are coming.
"@GregSelinger: Wishing you and your family the best of the holiday season and a happy New Year"
@GregSelinger stay focussed the needs of Manitobans. Stay strong on your ethics and leadership.  As They say: "better days are coming."
Premier Greg Selinger staying on course to move Manitoba Forward.
We need his positive leadership and progressive economics to prosper! :)
@ThomasMulcair @pmharper 
The high level of secrecy/deception by Harper &amp; his ilk is so disheartening for so many Canadians. Vote 4 Change!
New Jersey education reform looks too ad-hoc, short-sighted and ... to be avoided!
The view from Canada
Southern California! So far crowded airports and long lineups.  Nice folks especially service workers (Stephanie, Salvador, Latica) who help
Stay strong my USA cousins.  Tough times don't last but tough people do!
Jets v Leafs!  Great hockey.  Fans showing why we are Big League City.
GoJetsGo!!!
Je signe cette pétition: Pétition au ministre de Patrimoine... 
@ClairCerilli 
Awkward girl is funny! Thanks for the laughs.
2013. The future is before us. Let's make it a great one. Health, happiness and harmony in the world. ... Take care of each other every day.
@ClairCerilli 
You've gots to share. You go girl
Love. You lots. 
Dad xoxo Happy New Year!!!
@ClairCerilli
I'm lovin' this vibe at the121212 show.  40 years later and the rock 'n rollers are delivering!
The Who is rock in' MSG 121212!   Teenage Wasteland.
Nov. 6th. 10:20 CST Barrack Obama does in 2012!
Hooray :)
Low point on election night.  Sarah Palin making no sense and looking scary.
What happened to Scheiffer?  What happened to the debate topic ... Foreign Policy?  Oh... Bob just woke up!
Romney's tone and body language is withered.  POTUS is rockin' it!
Obama:  This is not "Battleships."  Romney:  .............. .
Obama (POTUS) is like Ali in his prime!  Romney ... More like Liston or Norton or even Big George in their decline.
POTUS made a crushing pension joke :) Left hook to Romney's rib cage!
Ooooops.  It is POTUS!  The President of The United States not POTIS :(
POTUS is on his game .  Starbucks coffee!
POTIS dropped the Big Bird BOMB!  Smack Down.
Buck Pierce is raring to go onFriday.  Go Blue! Go #4!
POTIS is stickin' and jabbin'!   He is cool and clear... Very smart too.
Bombers need ball control and an experienced Qb ... Buck Pierce needs to take the reins and lead them to 3 in a row!
Bombers happy to have Buck back | Blue Bombers | Sports | Winnipeg Sun 
Go Big Blue!  Go Buck!  Come back starts Friday!
DNC 2012... That's Politics! Go Obama/Biden ticket!
