Gnite
my exam is at 1.30pm so pls think of me :c wish me luck
Ok im off to sleep now!!I'll be revising in the little time I have in the morning so I wont see you all til I get hoem

@puddiidayo mY SONS OMG AHHHH I HAVE TO BUY THEM WHEN THEY COME OUT AHHH
gonna raise lots of money
im doin the walk/run for life u c
when u wanna try to sleep but ur parents get u out of bed to try on tshirts
this is why me and my friends planned to meet up in the morning (since im in a different class) so we can revise
any free second I get tomorrow will be spent looking at my flashcards, but I know people will ask to use them uGH
ok im in bed, time to do something and chill for a bit then go to sleep

猫#ねこ#子猫#シジミ 
gonna get food ok
ok so im gonna go to bed at half past and put my phone away at ten
fk I have a splitting headache
@AwesomePiku I rAN OUT OF CHARACTERS
Its raining... I hope it rains when im in my exam, because its really relaxing to listen to ahhh
where does it say "oh yeah btw do this on paper"
I dint cover everything, but most topics!
at least biology should go smoothly now
I went all out on them, meaning I have to do r.e. as soon as I get home tomorrow :(
I THINK im finished my biology flash cards
Tagged by @lordhamstr and tagging @dokamidoka @puddiidayo @hyunachii @winhdia @alche_mi @GenuineToaster 
Okay quick 10 minute break is over, see you in 45 mins
ok so its a short break timestill making flashcardsippaiiiiiiii
Ok see you in 45 minutessss
wow he's uhdefensive
me: *pouring a glass of milk*bro: pour me some spriteme: no im gonna revisebro: (mishears) I already fKN REVISED IRISH AND FRENCH FK UP
Ok so I finished that manga, so now its intense study session time!!
Manga infirmary: Sore head? u can sleep here dw about class!!IRL infirmary: here take this paracetamol and go back to class, u aren't sick
@lordhamstr treasure them
ok im gonna read another chapter of this manga I stayed up almost all night to read
@lordhamstr so did miniro once upon a time, wait for the twelvie phase
if rie wrote all my revision notes I would pass everything, so tidy and organised
@lordhamstr so stressed cause he cant afford the new call of duty coming out in November if he buys farming simulator
miniro is a twelvie ofc he has a potty mouth
my school is trash, ill take pics to show u sometime
@hyunachii that's nicer than my whole school tbh
miniro when he doesn't get his way or me and my big bro tell him to go away:"is that because u hate me yes it is u always hated me fk u"
@hyunachii why do they sit there omg dont they see they're an inconvenience
@honstu oMG HAHAYOUR LIL BRO IS SO CUTE
petition to give uk schools lockers
miniro said today he doesn't want to be a farmer anymore but a radio show host
yeah I love my lockerits also my schoolbag which constantly and always breaks my back from the weight
move bitch get out da way
@hyunachii *reaches through your phone screen and shoves that bitch outta the way*
Then there's the second oldest who's 5 and is really well behaved tbh, but really rough and the eldest is 8 and he just wants to do maths
the youngest is so cute but so clingy right, he's 2, then the second youngest is ALWAYS HYPER AND LAUGHING, so difficult but cute and he's 4
yeah hold on let me just fly over to taiwan
nah they're only allowed like an hour a day, poor kids
making me proud//sniffle
my lil cousins, and they're Nintendo nerds
Ma wants me to get a summer job, tho ill already probably be babysitting four kids under 7 again
Yeah, rie u can come live with me, we have food
Ro's life ambition: Spread angst via gaming, a supposed escape from reality's angst
nani the fk do they ever feed u rie
In the future though, I will make RPG probably. But like, really fkn deep rpgs that make u cry and question your existence
I want to make a pixel rpg in the summer or something
pros about doing game design: make a game and get noticed, and ure set for lifecons: never get noticed, fail miserably
Lmao u guys want to study real intelligent stuff, I just want to study game design pml
yeah but fk abbotisn't he a total tool anyways
cubes is making serious pointstories please take notes
I will probably have to go to the city's uni because of the money to go abroad :(
gUYS TAKE A MOMENT OF APPRECIATION OK, IF WE GET STRAPPED IN UNI, WE CAN DO COMMS FOR MONEY WHILE OTHERS CANT SO YEAH
probably not sadly cubes :(
what was ur first choice cubes??
our uni is hella for medicine and cancer research and stuff, but outside of that I dont think its anything particularly special
I only know uk unis tbh :(
Idk where I want to go, either England or just our cities uni (though my constant fear of going there because of the riots is pretty bad)
@hyunachii yES OK I DONT DO HISTORY ANYMORE BUT I WAS ALWAYS TOP OF MY CLASS, AND I SUCK AT MATHS SO PLS DO THAT
tbh I dont really mind going there, but I think id rather go to England, idk :(
its not really motivational when the uni my parents is essentially forcing me to put as my first choice lets almost anyone in
I will take your english exams, I literally get unlimited A-A* in english
wow so not only do I have prof. onee, but also cubes and puds the academic prodigies and mama and papa the also chem profs.
rie come sit my chemistry exam for me
thing is, I get it ok, but my teacher is so shit right, she yelled at us for asking the same question for like 5 lessons in a row
I just really, REALLY fkn suck at chemistry
I am above average in grades here because so many people are either a) thick/dont listen or b) too busy going out and getting pissed to care
wait what is it you wanna do with your life then??
wellim gonna have to live my life in cubes' academic shadow
for someone so smart she's so stupid
When I use fuck instead of fk u know shit is serious
nANI THE FUCK??
puds what is your average grade
I dont believe u
u fkn didnt get all a*
@puddiidayo they stay with u forever and are important for jobs and stuff, but less important than what cubes is doing
no
no but seriously
how did u do in ur gcses cubes
As long as the burning food and sampling techniques dont come up as 6 marks tomorrow, we'll be a-ok
pLEASE LET MINE BE LIKE THAT
Yeah so I'm 95% sure I will get at least a B in everything but Chem
I got my chem mock back todayyeah remember that one I said was easyuhI was umtwo marksinto a B
@lordhamstr I really hope so
Know the arguments for nearly 20 5 marks and I think 12 10 marks???
R.E. is the real one im shitting it for, its on Wednesday, and on top of knowing 36 gospel stories by heart, I also gotta-
C-CUBES SENPAI...!!
I could even get an A depending on the 6 marks
I have biology tomorrow and I know I should at least get a B, because I've never gotten anything less in the whole year of past papers etc.
gUYS I AM SO SCARED FOR MY EXAMS??? LIKE I STUDIED SO HARD BUT IM STILL SCARED
He confessed but he's gonna get rejected /)_(\ I cant look
One whole 49 page chapter of fight between heroine and heroResolved in two pagesNANI KORE???????????
HE WAS BEING SO SWEET FK U NANDE DID U REJECT HIM NOOO
oTP KISSED OTP KISSED OTP KISSEDTOO SOON //ROCKS IN CORNERTOO SOON
gnight cubes
Although I must add that for once he's not a rich kinda snooty type so we seem to be making progressunless this kid is rich too
ffs ro its always the blond non-main chara whose gonna get rejected u go for
lOOK AT HORUBII OMG AHHHH I NEED HIM WHAT A CUTIE
Chapter 3 plot twist, fk I was not prepared??? NANI
@hyunachii wasn't it barbie thats was originally marketed as a sex doll in germany
I put it away, im lying in bed nowI have a lot to do tomorrow for it though
@lordhamstr iTS A PROBLEM OK
sleep was overrated anyways
Starting a shojo manga tonight was not one of my strongest choices
I cant get it to load again uGH NO
Shit it crashed :( its stormy out so my inet is worse than usual
@lordhamstr no my hair drying technique makes my hair all frizzy n stuff, and its shorter now so ahhh
I tidied my room, I think ill go watch papa stream now
@lordhamstr not yet, im heating up straighteners rn
ill decide after I dry my hair
Do I watch papas stream or study
@lordhamstr yEAH I TOOK A LONG SHOWER OK I WAS STRESSED I NEEDED IT. uh uh ill go dry my hair then ill come watch!!
I finally finished itI'm gonna go take a shower and then take a break before I do more r.e. notes
this is bs why would she make us do so many fkn past papers
fuck this
me: yES ALMOST DONEme: *remembers i have to do r.e.*me:me:me: I hate my life rn
iM ALMOST DONE//CRIES
how I feel rn on a scale of one to I cant take this shit please take this past paper away from em 
@hyunachii I want that too, since both of my fave artists are in it ahhh &lt;33
@dokamidoka yES I CANT WAIT MMM IT WILL BE GREAT!!
@dokamidoka nANI KORE IM ONLY SEEING THIS NOW AHHHH WHAT A PERF CHILD AND YES MMMM &lt;3
@hyunachii buy what? Nani, im so confused
Fml I cant wait til exams are over
UGH I NEED TO DO IT THO
Ok I seriously cba with this paper rn
@hyunachii sAME MAMA
ok gonna do this paper now*deep sigh*
@alche_mi ahh lucky and that's really cool ahhh ; 7 ;
@alche_mi and what are ya working as??
@alche_mi apparently we dont finish til the end of June because its easier on the budget if we start next years course then, like ffs
I'll do this maths paper, take a shower then continue my re notesAny hw I have for tomorrow isn't getting done
hi so uh I finished one paperAnd the last one is so long?? NANDE
@alche_mi I have two weeks filled woth exams now, starting with biology on monday, then after the two weeks I have add maths on June 8th
I gotta go do these papers c u
just found out I have to do two maths pp for tomorrow or I get a letter home PML FK
@lordhamstr @hyunachii why the fk did u ask her to come back??
@hyunachii I was low on cash, u cut my allowance?? And yeah tbh :/
@alche_mi mines on Wednesday, I feel your pain :(
@hyunachii I sold nami not cubes, she's not profitable?? plus I wouldn't force cubes upon anyone :(
@hyunachii youre the one at fault here, not noticing the lack of ur child in the house??
@AwesomePiku I dont even think half the swords have been released yet haha
@hyunachii @lordhamstr *camera pans to me and rie looking to camera*crew: How do u feel about cubes departure?me: pretty nice tbh
I love how my phone corrects anything that looks like nani to nani, and if I type nani, it goes to nANI automatically and brings up KORE
*nami
@hyunachii I sold nani for money ages ago, u still haven't noticed she's gone??
@hyunachii @lordhamstr weren't u aware we are a reality tv family??*looks to camera*personally I think mama is being harsh with us today
@AwesomePiku just wait til they release the next wave of swords omg haha
@hyunachii @lordhamstr *dusts hands together* well its just me now*camera pans out to empty house :(*
@lordhamstr @hyunachii :"(
@hyunachii niceeeee £10
@hyunachii :(
anyways back to studying
I equally accept both sides arguments, so why not just abolish the law and let people choose, because some people are pro-life like?/
the abortion law is still there though but I ain't getting into that today
This is a kind of shitty thing to say but thank fk im not part of Britain because I like my human rights as they are thanks
@lordhamstr not sure where I stand on the terrorists thing, because luckily we haven't had too of that in recent years here
@lordhamstr I disagree with not giving prisoners the vote, cause they should affect the country theyre being rehabilitated to return to??
@lordhamstr and prevent prisoners from voting, so I dont think it will change much regarding peoples actual rights
@lordhamstr and making a British only law (aka. it wont affect me, and possibly not u) so that they can deport suspected terrorists
@lordhamstr sources who all said he isn't pulling out of the European human rights act, but getting rid of the enforcements of those rights-
@lordhamstr yeah my friend just told me lmao, I assumed from the .comBut its still incorrect (the article) because I looked at a few-
@puddiidayo night puds
@lordhamstr mATTE THO THINK LOGICALLY1. This is an American news site2. Its never been mentioned on the news???
I so stunned like vegetable
I think its a bunch of lies tbh because the news would be full of it, I mean you cant exactly discretely change someone's rights as a human?

Its bs
wait do u want me to link the articleI acc think it was an American paper too
plus it takes years to establish??
I never heard of it til then, like wouldn't it be on tv??
its cause of a newspaper article so I questioned the authenticity of it
dont u need other countries to agree to that, and besides that was ukips proposal, not theirs??
CUBESapparently the cons are scrapping the human rights act and rewriting one, but I think its bs
@winhdia nah, we quit like 3hrs ago haha it was so laggy
My shoulders really hurt ; _ ;
I cant concentrate on my studying fml
oH YEAH ITS MAMA DAY FOR AMERICA TOOHAPPY MAMA DAY MAMA
Ok im gonna go study c u laterrr
@puddiidayo hE WAS SPAMMING HE DESERVED IT
@GenuineToaster im not actually joking, if u said that to the wrong person u could get stabbed or maimed and im being genuinely serious
well at least u know what word to not use here
gOOD CAUSE I WAS ABOUT TO BAN U FROM COMING HERE FOR UR SAFETY
hun is not a nice word here and ull probably get yelled at for using it
depending on how its pronouncedu shouldn't use it here aHAHAHA...
just thatyknow
uhumdo u want to hear something about ur name cubez
@GenuineToaster NO WAY???!?1 MY OC FRANNY, FREDDYS LONG LOST TWIN SISTER IS FOXYS GF???1??1
@lordhamstr where what tweet let me guess it
@GenuineToaster LOL MLGFOXY 420 BLAZE IT AM I RITE????!??1?!? XDDD
@lordhamstr OOO AND HQ
@GenuineToaster jacob do u need a hugthat was quite a rant
@GenuineToaster OOPS YEAH U WANTED A PRE-PREQUEL?? YEAH WELL FK U
yes im sorry to say I am a study abuser :(I study for many hours a dayits a problem
-fnaf3 good end theme comes on-me:me:me:me: nome: too soon
@lordhamstr bLESS
I need this rn im studyingI need it to get through
no one is linking poor ro any touran
:(
@GenuineToaster fluent
sTOP LINKING THAT SITESHARE ME SOME TOURAN :(U JERKS
IM GONNA BE SINGING THIS IN MY FKN EXAMS
I cant skip it fk fk fk
god no im not ready for world domination how to again
@puddiidayo my otp is tragic af
NAITE NAITE
*song
The inspiration came from that somh

@puddiidayo remembers nothing at all but flames
@puddiidayo nama's memory is only half burnt, so he recognises honebami, but doesn't remember their memories together while honebami-
@puddiidayo AND IM GONNA DO HONEBAMI COPING WITH NAMA BURNING, AND AT THE END THEY MEET AGAIN BUT WALK PAST EACH OTHER BECAUSE THEY FORGOT
@puddiidayo this one!!
I can't stop thinking about the pv im gonna make damn it
@puddiidayo no, like half of Europe celebrate it when we do, and the other half some other time
I want a cute shojo manga to read
sOUKA
yeah I was confused but I suppose mothers day and fathers day depend on the country
???????
Its not mothers day here
cubes u dont even ship them yet u understand the pain?? IT HURTS
its all heartbreaking
i should be banned from making otp stuff
CRIES LOUDLY
on the second last line, im gonna draw them meeting again
but on the last line, they walk past each other because they forgot...
its sUCH A TRAGIC OTP OK
hes all alone
and honebami is gonna deal with nama burning
in that pv im gonna make, theyre gonna burn in the last chorus
why do i only want to make angst pvs


i found the song im gonna make a namahone pv with ; _ ;
i love that everytime i draw kaori, the file is called kao
so now i have drawings called
kao
kaokao
kaokaokao
and now kaokaokaokao
sketch/rough lines for a page doll thing im making 
oK GONNA DO THIS DRAWING BYE
@LOLISANDLOLITAS its so catchy ahhhh &lt;333
i cant even message you for long cause i need to finish this drawing and study
that is my name dont wear it out 


this song ahhhh
cUBONE OMG MY HEART :(
jfc he called me a bitch too
hes also passive aggressive  
jacob is high maintenance  
@lordhamstr i saw haha
@GenuineToaster i just responded to u publicly too
bean and tails are really nice
that was a good sonic fighters session
@GenuineToaster i cba to go private message every time my friends chat to meeeee

*flips open exam booklet* 
time to go kick his ass
*cracks knuckles*
lil bro is playing sonic the fighters
do u hate me
do u want me to never study
@puddiidayo pure pURE PURE LOVE
@puddiidayo ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME
IM DYING IM DYING IM DYING TOO PURE TOO CUTE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
i work hard but procrastinate starting u c
puds telling me to go study pml 
??? we outnumber u??? 
exactly
@puddiidayo oH SHIT UH IDK ILL SEE WHEN IM DONE STUDYING
@puddiidayo thats why i had to leave the call before mama got home because shed be the same haha
@puddiidayo uH IDK PROBABLY A FEW HOURS FROM NOW??
im gonna make my dA page pretty then intense study
@puddiidayo i was so confused, i was on brb
we probably will cry
pUDS MAYBE WELL CALL IN THE EVENING (for me an cubes anyways)
@lordhamstr ok but where is puds??
oH ILL BRB CUBES
i sent the link in a dm cubes so its privvvvv
@lordhamstr yeah, ill start it up now!
@lordhamstr dw dw, also after a while I will study so the join.me will be just left on so we can chat, but nothing going on
@lordhamstr thats fine because ill be yawning every two minutes
@lordhamstr yeah, just gotta start up the pc
TERRIERMON AHHHmy fave /)w(\
@lordhamstr the struggle of being left to clean the kitchen is real :(
[eleven minutes late]
-still not here-
ill be starting the call shortly, just got to get dressed n stuff
@lordhamstr wait u mean to tell me youve never gotten a taroive had like 3??
@lordhamstr ok ok im gonna go eat food
yeAH REICHEL DO U WANNA JOIN OUR CALL
@AwesomePiku I knew that shidu's gender was debated a lot from tumblr, but most people were pretty set that she was a boy
@lordhamstr after I eat, ill start the call and we could just let people join as the come online/wake up, since you cant really set a time
@lordhamstr ummm ill go eat breakfast then, at least we know puds is awake and its day time and stuff for her
@LOLISANDLOLITAS hOLD ON IM GONNA FIND IT
@AwesomePiku DAMN IVE BEEN REFERRING TO SHIDU AS A BOY FOR LIKE, EVER SINCE I DISCOVERED HIM??
@lordhamstr thank u for giving me some of your divided attentionthe call, what time??
oH YEAH REICHEL HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE ART OF SAYO GOING TO DISNEYLAND??
@LOLISANDLOLITAS //cries
cUUUUUUUBESCUBESCUBESCUBOIDCUBESCUBOIDCUBOIDCUBOIDTRASH
@LOLISANDLOLITAS :((
I hope I get Ichigo today, I need my prince to come home!!
honebami is a tragedyhe is the kaneki of touran
@LOLISANDLOLITAS u rt honebamiits too soon /)^(\ poor son
cUBES CAN U STOP ANNOYING THAT PERSON FOR A SEC
My son honebami ; _ ;
@LOLISANDLOLITAS uWAH ITS SO PRETTY AHHHH
im trying to deal with the news and cubes is gonna kill someone for who knows why
My emotions are conflicting
I just wake up to find shidu is a girl, and Nintendo is considering removing region lock
tbh the only reason id buy the new console was for region lock free
@AwesomePiku wHAT OMG ?????? DAMN
I HAVE BEEN MISTAKEN ALL THIS TIME...
anyways im going to acc sleep now so gnite
Yeah I have too many :( not enough tokens
I literally have like 8000 of each
I completed so many missions but they're all materials
I have the materials, but I never get any of the personification tokens anymore
damn
I just finished my touhou doujin session so ill go sleep shortly but like
geez tho ure playin touran so late at night
It takes a lot for me to get genuinely annoyed about something, im too laid back
Mokou is so cute ahhhI read a real nice Yuri fluff doujinishi with her &lt;3
I want to feel jealous but genuinely I feel happy because of my personality so that sucks, I cant even feel bad for cubes :(
I was gonna go to bed then I started reading touhou doujinishi then cubes has hotaru
hello cubes do u remember I asked Jiji to help u
ok, gnight!
basically tho everyone just get up early
ok im really tired so im going to bed, we can sort the call in the morning
@AwesomePiku I had a read of it, pretty nice ahhh!! You put so much effort in, im kind of envious!! I cant even finish a sketch /)w(\
ill see if I can run past 2pm
fkn time zonesok so what if we start at 12pm then run from there so everyone just joins when they can??
@winhdia see at the latest is 1pm for me and 7am for you :"(
@winhdia wow ok so mama is 8 hrs behind me, youre 6hrs behind me, puds is 6hrs ahead I think and cubes is the same as me
I can go from about 10am - 1pm in that range, but I might have to go off at 2pm
Minna what are we doin about the call??
@hyunachii tHE BLOND ONE HES RARE
@hyunachii SHISHIO
@hyunachii wAIT U HAVE CCO NANI KORE???
:^( jiji is unsatisfied with ur answer
do u want a rare sword or notnow u gotta melt a plant papa and the contract is complete
*curse
I could easily tell master to cures u with Kane sans
master is satisfied with the plant daddy offerings I made today, so he will guide you on your quest to get a rare sword
I am his pupil
jiji is my master
make sure u use the 550/650/650/550 now that I have asked jiji to help u
jiji be with u
poor rieshe just needs a pancake or something
ok so im feeling generous, jiji please give cubes a good sword today thank u
who are you looking for in a kcb drop cubes??
oh a namazuo dropped
I COULDVE USED NAMA
(even though i got urashima on my second drop :^) )
dAMN NO WAY THE TUMBLR THING I SAW SAID TO USE LV29
cMON IWATOOSHI
jUST SAYIN
if you use lv1 - lv29 then kcb of that range will spawn, but if you use even one sword over that then lv29 - lv89 kcb spawn
ONLY USE LV29 AND UNDER
CUBES IS ON A DEATH MISSION
doNT USE LV49 JFC
THAT SPAWNS UP TO LV 89 KCB
dont say words youre gonna eat later
what if i get iwatooshi now 
[anime yakuza voice] KISAMA
will i ever reach the boss node
im too lazy to
u got that right
i love how im on twitter and my sons are just duking it out in the bg
IT JUST GETS WORSE
WAS THE EXAMINER A WEEB????
if u did i wouldve kicked u
be ashamed u weeb shit 
cubes gcse eng folio: PASTA!!1!!1!!
wtf cubes u weeb trash
pML I THOUGHT MINE WAS BAD BUT LIKE??
never forget that last year, in my summer exam i wrote my creative writing story based on ikasama life game and wwas the only 1 who got 100%
spent an hour looking at stuff for it, gonna read the novels sometime
an hour is not long??
i was intrigued by pandora voxx since i didnt realise most of my fave songs were part of a series, so yeah
mama doesnt have any food never mind popcorn
not when mama doesn't have her popcorn yet
but are u talking to me, im so confused??
ive been gone like, an hour??
BOKU??
eh me??
i made kashuu my leader again
true 
dont use hot water, use hot milk and you should be ok
spoiler alert: it does cubes
playing touran then i might study
someone please just feed mama
@lordhamstr im gonna feature that comment
@lordhamstr hURRY HOME SO U CAN HELP ME DECIDE STUFF FOR THE PV
@lordhamstr i would argue but i have many twelvies watching me on dA so yeah
ill leave the art up to them, and then ill animate and MAYBE attempt bgs
there are a few lines where ill animate, but ill wait til im in a call with puds and cubes to discuss that
i think it would be best to do kanehori for the first half, then yamashuu and the mix at the end
then it would work that one otp takes the first verse and chorus, and the other takes the second verse and chorus then mix at the end
maybe we should just take out my otp, and just do yamashuu and kanehori
it would work best with two
ah this is tricky with three otps...
this would be easier if cubes and puds were here
im dividing up the pv parts ahhh
this is so sad
SONS
omfg thats pretty hilarious tbh
@lordhamstr please go look at your profile comments on dA
"Pls be my friend so I can do an art trade with you ;_;"
PML OMG WHERE IS CUBES
the dice hate me tho
Jiji favours me for it though
he likes melting plant papas
I NEED IWATOOSHI
also cubes would die if i got him
you can iwatooshi on this maps boss node, so pLEASE GIVE ME HIM
I MELTED THREE PLANT PAPAS TODAY
@puddiidayo that's ok, just checking!! Ok ill play touran then start!
@puddiidayo sure!! I will do that yes yes, oh yeah its Hori waiting on Kane right?
@puddiidayo ill maybe start dividing the parts now since I have time, and ill try to make each one suit the otp
@puddiidayo if you want, it might take longer tho!!
@puddiidayo ill start dividing up the lines sometime soon, so we know what parts are each of ours and then we can work in our own time
@puddiidayo I think so too, and use the regular version as a place holder for now
@puddiidayo ah but I only have female utaite friends aha so I guess not huh, ummm yeah so just wait til we start!!
@puddiidayo OH OH OR I COULD ASK ONE OF MY UTAITE FRIENDS IF THEYD WANT TO COVER IT FOR US??
@puddiidayo gO GO DO IT
Its so nice aaaaa
@puddiidayo HHHH ARE WE GONNA USE THIS VERSION??
stupid mini
mature but a fkn shit tbhhe's so annoying and mean
my lil bro is a twelvie and he's acc somewhat mature
ok so I just got home and puds lil bro needs to be kept away from hentai
i need sayo 
puddddsss
IM PLAYING OSU U TRASH 
@puddiidayo oooo
i want honebami and namazuo :(
@puddiidayo we'll play a quick song then
who is that on the right tho
ooo new nendoroid minis 
@puddiidayo u idiot 
haiyaku
i can call tomorrow, just not rn :(


if it ends suddenly, i have to head out!
designing my game's protagonist
you guys can help me design the youkai enemies
there will be no sound, since i cant call but oh well
night mama
idk
should i make a public join.me while i design my game's protag
emin douwa will forever be my fave 'vocaloid' song

what a nice cover damn ahhh
i cant call but i can stream if thats what you want
i got another hori drop
now ill put namazuo back as my leader
HONEBAMI RANKED UP
MY PRECIOUS SON
puts team against a lv 99 team
today on tourabu with ro: will i ever reach the boss node
ANOTHER PLANT PAPA
TIME TO MELT HIM
FKN DICE
time to move on to the next stage in touran
he is melted
im melting plant papa
one for namazuo and one for kashuu
honebami will get the next one
OH I HAVE TWO HORSES
:^) 
so i should have about £70 by the time the con comes around ahhhh
K-KAKOI 
I ACTUALLY HAVE £46 INSTEAD OF £36
touran time
back
brb
so basically shitty nightcore, some dubstep and any fairly popular song at the time
i have the ipod nano, like the thing with a teeny tiny screen
its full of music from before i became a weeb, and then from my hatena stage
yay mama :D
@hyunachii YOU SHOULD AHHH
@hyunachii yES IT SUCKED SO MUCH UGH BUT THE STORY WAS PRETTY NICE I MUST SAY
I asked for an iphone 4s for my bday and papa said no and got me a windows phone for xmas
@hyunachii THE VERSION I PLAUED HAD LIKE 5-6 CHARA ROUTES BUT YOU HAD TO WAIT A DAY TO PLAY AGAIN AFTER YOUR TOKENS RAN OUT (YOU GET 3)
There's a part where you change in the corner of a room with two guys there and it felt kind of forced tho aha
@hyunachii I HAD TO WAIT TO PLAY, SINCE I DIDNT HAVE ANY KINDLE CREDIT LEFT//
For a while you could get them for free with a phone company (I dont remember which one) but the offer is over now
yeah my friend has one of those charger things
*looks at screensaver*Hello kanekis
I enjoy my hella long battery life tho
@hyunachii yES THATS IT
And here I am with my windows phone
@hyunachii NOT ON THE KINDLE STORE :( BUT I PLAYED THE OTHER OTOME BY THAT COMPANY, IT WAS LIKE AN IDOL ONE
I am deprived
@hyunachii OH I WAS GONNA PLAY THAT BUT IT WAS IN JAPANESE, IT WAS ON THE KINDLE STORE
I WOULD IF I COULD BUT I DONT HAVE AN IPHONE/OR AN IPOD THAT HAS APP STORE :"""(
DATE LOTS OF MEN
MARRY LOTS OF MEN
MOVE ONTO THE NEXT HIT
THE WORLD IS YOUR OYSTER
STARES AT U
I HAVE HIGH EXPECTATIONS
MAKE MAMA PROUD
BECOME A PLAYGIRL AND DATE MEN FOR $3.99 EACH (NOT INCLUD…
Poor deprived kid
CUBES HASN'T PLAYED OTOME OMG
thats the problem with windows phones, no otome :(
he is hot tho damn
im not even playing the otome game mama and im feeling your pain??
@puddiidayo I just cant wait to do my exams this week coming, get it over with
I dont get why parents tell u to study then make you go 99 places and do 99 things then suddenly its "you dont study enough?
mum: u go get dressed and make ur bed, just bc your da isn't here doesn't mean u will b sitting around all dayme:me:me: I have exams??
memers 4 lyfe
@puddiidayo its ok we established yesterday that apparently im maso
All plant papas must be melted for Jiji
@lordhamstr yes
If that happened, I would die laughing
PML WHAT IF WHEN I MELT THIS PLANT PAPA I GET ANOTHER JIJI
@puddiidayo no, I must stay connected to jiji, so plant papa gotta go
@puddiidayo DO IT PUDS U CAN DO IT I BELIEVE IN U
Put it this way, I got plant papa for the first time and melted him, then I got another and im gonna melt him too so I have no plant papas
@puddiidayo well then jiji found out you were hesitating in your sacrifice
@lordhamstr @puddiidayo OHHHHH OKAY I GET IT NOW
@puddiidayo start by melting the others and leaving one spare first
@puddiidayo do u want jiji or not
@puddiidayo what kind of certain missions?
@puddiidayo IM FKN TELLIN U PUDS, IT WAS THAT SACRIFICE I MADE TO JIJI THAT HAS MADE ME SO LUCKY
@puddiidayo i never checked to see if i got any, are they rare?
@puddiidayo YES DO IT ILL MELT MY PLANT PAPA TOO
@puddiidayo @lordhamstr @ichiwonki :^) I could be so lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky~
How do I get horses for my sons??
@lordhamstr @puddiidayo @ichiwonki u cant restrain me cuboid
@puddiidayo @lordhamstr @ichiwonki PUDS I GOT URASHIMA YESTERDAY ON MY SECOND EVER KCB DROP
How do u get them a horse??
@lordhamstr @ichiwonki @puddiidayo I got another plant papa should I melt him
its the little hours of the morning for mama and papa tho
I dont know u put me in charge and I am fkn useless ok do u understand
I always change the leader to train since they get more exp, Honebami was like lv.9 when I made him leader last Sunday and now he's lv.18/19
pUDS I GOT URASHIMA YESTERDAY
jiji is a nightmare to repair, like 100 of each material to repair 48/50 hp
@ichiwonki @lordhamstr @puddiidayo there's a really ugly yari tho, that if I get i will melt
@lordhamstr @puddiidayo @ichiwonki actually i dont think it was him, it was a similar guy with the same hairstyle. He wasn't a yari
@puddiidayo @lordhamstr @ichiwonki OH I THINK I MELTED THAT GUY BEFORE
im hereI was doing this thing called sleeping??
anyways, im off to bedgnight
I'll let you guys know about the call tomorrow, since working with so many time zones is hectic xO
@lordhamstr uhm idk it depends on when my parents are out, if not tomorrow, sunday
@AwesomePiku yeah, his anime name is Hibiki, since they'd have to give him a name for that.
I don't know whether to buy the game now, or wait foe the new, updated version
@AwesomePiku it looks like his name is Hibiki in the anime! Ill watch that first. It  seems that pic is from the new version of DS2 in Sept-
well anime-style games anyways//looks at Mario, sonic, Pikachu awkwardly
First Robin, then the FE:IF protags, and now SMT:DS2's protag :(
@AwesomePiku eH IT IS THE PROTAG?? I thought yellow scarf dude was the protag, my bad.Damn why do I fall for the protag everytime :(
Its gonna be really crappy, since it has to follow the set criteria so the creativity has been strangled, so maybe not.
I wonder I could upload the final product for people to play
oh yeah tomorrow I gotta design a protagonist, some enemies and bgs for my game im making in IT, even though its a crappy shoot-em-up
he's gonna be mine
@AwesomePiku oFC ITS FOR THE HOT GUYS (and hopefully angst storyline) its not the protag, but this kid! 
I AM PREDICTABLE OKI LOVE ANIME BOYS
tfw u remember that FE:IF isn't out til next year :(
@AwesomePiku I see! I wanted to play DS2 in particular, because I've fallen in love with a character whose name I don't even know, haha!
@AwesomePiku devil survivor 2 but would i need to play the first one? And is the offer still on?
@SouTheCat sankyuu!! I will finish mine tomorrow morning, since I was sketching them earlier &lt;3
I want devil survivor 2, but do I need to play the first one??
OH OH ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT SHIN MEGAMI TENSEI??I'VE BEEN THINKING OF BUYING ONE OF THE 3DS ONES
@SouTheCat aHH ITS SO AWESOME &lt;333 IT LOOKS GREAT
brb gonna get some food
and why did they feel the need to add tauriel
gay elflegolass is gay af
u will never be bilbo
u will never be a hobbit
oh wait im a maso I forgotthanks cubes
I DIDNT ASK FOR ANY OF THIS
:"(
I will hit u back
I cant believe I got urashimaI was like "pLS BE MY TURTLE KID" and bamHi
I was playing osu for a bit
Im here cubes
@SouTheCat UWAH I CANT WAT TO SEE IT!!
oK SANKYUU
well tHEN DONT COMPLAIN 
*persona
papa do u have a personal/irl ref thing
im drawing us all cosplaying
WELL I CAN DRAW EVERYBODY BUT YOU IF THATS WHAT U WANT 
OH 
WELL U BETTER DO IT WHEN U GET HOME
oh wait are u at school
nO MAMA GO DO IT NOW :(
im drawing
mama you still need to send me a ref
im drawing us cosplaying, so it needs to be a persona/irl ref
touranbu is tearing my friendships apart
M-MAMA 
MAMA
I GOT ANOTHER REALLY RARE SWORD AND NOW CUBES HATES ME
MMM WHATCHA SAY
touran is coming between me and my friends :(
cubes has left me
i mean i got jiji last time i melted him
should i melt him
i got plant papa again
here i am picking em up left, right and center
pml cubes must be so annoyed rn because she hasnt got any rares yet
UUU  BUT WHERE DO I PUT HIM ON MY TEAM
i suppose the event where they boosted his normal drop (est. 0.8%) to 8% really helped tho
touran wasnt gonna give me him, then it saw cubes wish for my sons deaths so it gave me him to spite cubes
eat my shit cubes
if the touran community knew of my luck, they would burn me
HOTARU NEXT PLS??
FIRST JIJI NOW TURTLE SON
I HEAR PEOPLE SAY IT TOOK 90 TRIES FOR HIM
SECOND EVER KBC I FOUGHT AND I GOT URASHIMA TURTLE KID IM SO HAPPY
I GOT TURTLE SON 
SUCK ON JIJI CUBES
I GOT TURTLE KID
FUCKING YES I GOT HIM
not even a scratch
suck on that cubes
AND PLS DONT KILL ME
GIVE ME TURTLE KID
yES I FOUND KCB
oh yEAH I HAVE AN EASTER EGG LEFT
//scoots to kitchen
much better now i can stalk my friends easier
editing my dA watch


fave 'vocaloid' song now and forever tbh
mafu is a genius
i need a persona/irl sort of ref since i wanna draw us cosplaying
ok i wanna do a cool kids pic
so i have cubes ref, my ref and didi's ref 
mama and papa and puds i need refs
me: what song is that on my profile
me: *plays*
me:
me:
me: oh its sick piano ver of waifus theme
MAMA DONT MAKE ME MANUALLY FIND A REF
mama is cannibal confirmed 2k15 
cubes already sold her soul to me
it was in the terms n conditions she signed to forge our friendship
or bullyship
its the same thing to her
NO I WILL REPAY WITH ART
GIMMI THE REF 
tomorrow i need to make the prettiest dA page for mamas sake
ok so rie u need to give me a ref of your oc to start
maso ro does not know how to react to this
TOO NICE 
i cant fkn believe rie did that
seto's doggy 
i think we all know what way this was meant 
i will ask before i go to the con, so if he agrees i will send anime shit
im gonna ask to mail bae after exams first, then see what he says
i wish i could mail u guys but idk if my dad would let me
i would send u so much shit
wHY MAMA WHY
ok new life goal is to pay back rie
even if its in shitty dA points
NANDE
wHY OMH MAMA NO U LIL SHIT
nANI MAMA
cubes do u remember how i reacted in call to the public humiliation
that is me rn
EYADA
dONT SPEND MONEY ON ME
if u do that i will kill eyepatch guy in touran
i will melt him
DONT DO IT JFC
nO JFC
my dA page is so ugly
cubes lend me one of your many membership years
what i mean
the amount of NEETs there is unreal
im gonna get LINE before it so i can videochat bae there, so ill video call you too cubes and you can c
yeah you gotta pay into this one too but i mean...
jfc yeah my parents are totally gonna pay for me to go to glasgow for a weeb fest??
it was scary
a drunk guy flirted with my friend last year
there are nice artists,nice people and cool cosplays and shit dont get me wrong but like
eh
3 years ive went to the con:
-smelly people (seriously, my friend sprayed perfume everywhere it was so bad)
-bronies
-furries
-creeps
me and my friend go each year, and we went to an asian supermarket one year and got mochi, and damn that stuffs good
buy everything
sees touran shit
buy
tokyo ghoul?
buy
this year im just gonna buy everything
still saving up
every year im too careful with my cash, or i buy shit before the con so i dont have much money
iM GOING TO A CON IN JUNE AW YISS
@lordhamstr no its in october??
good observation skills cubes
i am also a child
i am optimistic
we should bring mama and tell her to take her credit card, so she can bribe people to let us skip the huge ass ques
oNE DAY
//subtly tells cubes im gonna crash at her place to avoid paying for a hotel
oh yeah cubes if u get into a uni in london, we could go to comic con someday
was it
was it really my choice 
i thought we established this
everything is your fault 
also u do know that 99% of my watchers are kids and wont pay anything over a dollar for a comm right
im 15 and cubes is making me start saving for a holiday
@lordhamstr i was a nice person, then u bullied me and i am now apparently a maso
see, cubes will insult the weebs and i wont, yet its me that theyd patronize??
I MEAN COME ON PRIORITIZE  
@AwesomePiku yes, you're really approachable ; 7 ; aT THE TIME I KNEW NO JAPANESE AND I WAS SO GENUINELY IMPRESSED OK
i would argue but it makes logical sense 
am i the only non-asian in our family
i really thought cubes was pissed at me af for getting jiji
sEE EVEN RIE CANT TELL WHEN U ARENT SERIOUS 
they can be fairly condescending
looking people
not fair
cubes can go to japan and escape the gaijin culture shit that goes on there because they can be really prejudice to non-asian-
*bullied
cubes already said ages ago that i like being bullies so i gotta live up to my masochist image
thank u 
i am rly warming up to reichel 
where are the kbc
@LOLISANDLOLITAS reichel is blind confirmed 2k15
ok ill do the rest later
@AwesomePiku 
my handwriting continues to suck 
@LOLISANDLOLITAS eYA ITS HUGE AND WEIRD REICH U LIAR
@LOLISANDLOLITAS nO ITS SO UGLY :(((
did god just decide to make rie perfect
when u cant write for shit and rie is rich and smart and can write like a fkn goddess
@LOLISANDLOLITAS 
fk my handwriting 
fK OFF KANE SAN I WANT HOTARUMARU
i refuse to believe midare is a boy
kbc hunting
oh look I decided to do it 
cracks knuckles...
(-:
HONEBAMI AND NAMAZUO ARE IN SAKURA FRENZYYES MY SONSWE ARE GONNA KILL SOME SHITS
go for it papaPolitics are v important to me and cubes so its ok trust us
@dokamidoka thats so weird omg, I just assumed all bottles looked like our ones
@dokamidoka ah, no what country??
-in business-Sir: *talking abt new models *Sir: No1 buys the new 1 if they hav the old 1 tooSir: Unless they're rich.Me: *thinks of Rie*
@hyunachii hey hEY HEY
@dokamidoka thats so weird, where are they from??
I have successfully introduced bae to the parents, life is good
@dokamidoka what kind of bottles does your friend have??
@winhdia I cant read kanji so my Japanese is useless, but its simple to learn to play, and there's eng translations on the wiki for all!!
ICHIGO
@dokamidoka EH BUT EVEN OUR BOTTLES ARE EXACTLY LIKE THAT
@dokamidoka sHOW ME THE BOTTLE
simultaneously receiving abuse from cubes and Didi warning me not to bully
cubes youre banned from wearing anything but flat-soled shoes in my presence
I need someone shorter than me so I can bully them
I have never even spoke to kev and I understand that ref to him
I screenshotted that
Oh yeah I see bae changed from Didi to ~
who did u think bae was cubes??
Ro for lemon muffin confirmed 2015
of a lemon muffin
no she's right here @dokamidoka ??
I don't want to be the smallest when we all hang out
pls tell me puds is shorter
I really want that Pikachu secret base plush ugh
nANI EVEN BAE IS TALLERIM SUCH A SHORTIE
how tall are u bae??
I LOVE MILK I DRINK IT ALL THE TIME AND MILKY STUFF IS MY FAVE SO IDK?? R U A HEIGHT HACKER??
Last time I measured myself I THINK I was just about 160cm with shoes and shit on, but usually im 157cm
FFS I KNOW IM SMALL BUT NEXT TO CUBES I WILL BE MINISCULE
nANI KORE SO TALL
Ahhh I cant wait for you to play bae its so much fun!!
I DONT HAVE ANY OF THE LIFE TOKEN THINGS THAT PERSONIFY THE SWORD FML
So many materials damn
hELLO HONEBAMI
yES TOURAN TIME MY SONS
bae bae have you got touran set up??
can they move to uk for our convenience
I think mama and papa are at school tho because of time zones
yes ref of self thank u
I want to introduce bae to my friends because they need to see how pure she is
@winhdia and @hyunachii pls say hi to bae @dokamidoka
OK HERE COMES ROS HOTLINE HOOK UP
ffs I will end u
yES U
yesI always have ache
draw yourself ok
I will just not when I have acne ok
I want to introduce bae to mama and papa later, when she's on ; 7 ; &lt;3
papa do u play touran
I want to draw a hella group pic of my friends cosplaying our fave swords but I only have my own and Didi's ref
but ofc then I found out you could get jiji
when I saw that 04:00:00, I was actually hoping for kogi
Current want list:-hotarumaru-ichigo-turtle kid-kogi
I want kogi
iM COMING MY SONS
"My way or the highway, sister."-Jacob, 2k15
what about labour, geez they didn't get anything really since I got up this morning
my friend thought nick clegg was called nick greg
where is cubeswhere is cubeswhere is cubes
trying to talk about the election at school is impossibleme: blah blah blah election stufffriend: who is nick gregme:me: fml
look at this messlook at this political mess
Dave will be pm still huhand ed is resigning as I predicted earlier
@lordhamstr genuinely last night was the first time ive done hw in like two weeks, im too focused on studying ahah
My friend: Can u come to my form room, I forgot to do the physics hwMe:Me:Me: So uhMe: Did we have physics hw?
for some reason I was like 100% convinced that cubes was at my front door??? Idk man haha
im so tiredbig bro came home in the middle of the night, so in my dream I heard knocking on the door, and even tho I woke up then-
oK SERIOUSLY I GOTTA GO TO SCHOOL SO GNIGHT
I'm in bed too lmao
Oyasumiiii
synchronized bed tim-ing
*too
not so fast because I am off to bed now to
yes no maybe idk am i
cube provides the perfect son drawing links
tHANK U CUBES FOR THESE BEAUTIFUL DRAWINGS OF THE PERFECT ANGEL SON
とうらぶつめ | HANE [pixiv] 
It's been so long since I last drew Kaori ahhh 
@puddiidayo damn, as long as he was nice about it
@SouTheCat we should do it both then!! like a mini art trade ; 7 ;
its the same here but Scotland and wales instead
Ireland has shit politics, its all biased and uninteresting. All parties have rubbish policies and I don't see much way forward for us
disappointment^3
im sorry
The disappointment has shifted from cuboid to puds
disappointing cubed
Really?? We never hear about them here, just our own politics or British parties so I didnt expect much for them
nah, I thought it would be at least 10 seats lower tbh
@SouTheCat I like gabumon too!! I wanna draw gabumon and patamon now &lt;3
I honestly didnt think they'd get as many
jfc come on now pudsits been talked about for like two weeks kiddo
snp got a fair enough amount huh
@SouTheCat okay!! I will make a surprise then! I will post it here then~
yeah go figure conservatives would get the most
@SouTheCat they look so cute!! Yes, from the original series &lt;33
lMAO CUBES I JUST ASKED TO LINK THEM HAHAyeah gonna go take a lookie now~
swagster ro joins the fight
u steal ppls heart with ur swag
cubes link me the polls, I cba looking them up but I wanna see
wHY AM I KISSING ALL THE BRIDES TODAYNANI KORERO THE PLAYER??
@SouTheCat I know what you mean, because its the same for me!! I must draw you something this weekend, is there anything you'd like?
@SouTheCat we will both relive the nostalgia together then!! Ahh I can't wait to see Patamon again aghh
@AwesomePiku what is it about? ; v ;
Look kids I am smart ok thank u
@SouTheCat I know :c we should watch it together, since you can watch anime together on some websites *q*
@SouTheCat closest to you out of all the members &lt;3
@SouTheCat its the same for mijunami for me haha, because I only really get to talk to you now, but I dont mind since Ive always been-
@SouTheCat did you see the new digimon tri trailer??
@AwesomePiku um um commotion? Like a protest or crowd gathering to speak out about something?
&lt;- RT OMG LOOK CUBES HHHWHAKSGB WANT
@SouTheCat you're also one of my closest friends! You're like the big sister I never had!! &lt;3
@hyunachii ILL PUT JIJI THROUGH THEIR THROATS 
PAPA IM BACK
@SouTheCat I love his theories in general ahhh &lt;3 his vids are funny too!!
wHO ARE THESE KIDSWHO NEEDS A JIJI IN THE THROAT
cOME TO ME MAMAU CAN HIDE HERE
fk I still have hw to do, ok brb papa then we can scream about fnaf agaon
Yknow what they say about big hands //looks at the puppet
and trust me, I tore those games apart to make my theory
matpats fnaf theory is probably the best ive seen, and picked up on stuff even I missed
BALLOON BOY? HES AN ANNOYING PIECE OF SHIT
PAPA THIS THEORY EXPLAINS EVERYTHING ABOUT THE GAMES 
FNAF2 has my fave animatronic design ever, with withered bonnie ahhh
yES OMG
I thought like others it was an edited spring Freddy because he had 5 fingers, but bonnie in his pic has 5 fingers too
The building did burn down, they sold off the salvaged parts so I think thats where FNAF4 comes in!!
@rouukun @winhdia here it is!
ill look for it now
I posted it here ages ago so ud have to go though a lot of my pics
Chica scared me most the first time I played because she had arms. No really. It was because she had arms instead of wings.
I think this is post FNAF3, when they auction the stuff off, and maybe people are trying to make a better horror attraction
Both images say 'nightmare' when brightened
NO JUST FREDDY AND BONNIE
yES YES YES LIFE IS GREAT
Bonnie is my fave ahhhh
yES I HAVE DAMN
WHY YES IT IS PAPA
uuuUUUU PAPA IS A FNAF FANLIFE JUST GOT 20% BETTER
by lower level they still have almost a team of oodachi and you'll have to repair a lot, but I dont think ive ever hit red using this method
yes it works on a rng, and if u use lower levels, they'll spawn lower level kbc
4/26: FNAF 4 announced
5/6: Release FNAF theory pt. 2
5/7: THIS
Clearly I have a fan. 
told u that u should use low level onesthey spawn lower level kbc
weakest means like 3 oodachi so just a heads up
but lv.25 and under means they'll be at their weakest
I think its lv 40 up tho acc that they become insanely hard
If u have a team of under 25, use them
I swear to fk if u get turtle kid
ok I cant understand so ill slowly back away and do my hw
Is the "was it me?" referencing "its me"???
OSHIETE YOOSHIETE YONANI THE FUCK IS GOING ON
I DONT UNDERSTAND
tHE DESIGNS
Its clearly post FNAF3 so is this an attempt to create a better horror attraction
wHY WHAT IS GOING ON
I dont get it and I dont think I ever will
what the fuck is going on
also note that bonnie has five fingers
the designs are so different
I'm so conflicted rn
Why did I ask for fnaf4
this one also says nightmare
iS THAT BONNIENANI KOREBACK THE FK UP
cubes im only gonna forgive u if u do one thing
group meme
I thought cubes was better than thatshe goes from absolute trash to nothing
disappointment is all I feel for u
yknow thats the shittest joke uve ever madeI expected more from uso fkn dissapointed//walks away
cubes isn't hipshe ain't with the kids
more 11 year olds than ull ever have as fans
very true
still had 800+ fans on hatena//never forget
and majority are kids
Like 99% of my watchers watched because they knew me from hatena or liked my furry art
I haven't posted since likechristmas
dA is pretty trashy tbh
-ro
no that's was a month long thing, I never really liked those
cubes 3/4 years ago: I am a nice, happy and cheerful kidme 3/4 years ago: People leave us
the final years of highschool happened
and i became sad and cynical
the passive aggressive person u see today
@Asgardu she openly declares that she is a hamster on her side-dA account, then she tweeted that it was "her true self" aka. furry
But most of my old stuff is gone :(
I'm gonna look for embarrassing shit on my on dA
thanks
yeah what happened to u
she admits it
cubes is a furry
cubes dA is gold
there we gomuch better
here??
but u weren't there :(
I quoted u
cubes didnt react to my quotesim so heartbroken
where is the average hamster that holds a pen
amazingwhat a furry 10/10 -ign
"I like sunflower seeds (and Loki) and unfortunately I have given up on running on my wheel daily so I'm just a round ball OTL ovo"-cubes
"I'm an average hamster that happens to be able to hold a pen heehee"-cubes
ugh no ill do hw and revisesigh
hwtouranhwtouran
thank unice to know u appreciate me
I gotta do hw ugh
tails doll is still cute and I dont view him any different to how I did as a kid
@lordhamstr haha I beat u to it, I already retweeted that a few days ago
do people believe this trash
second what the fuck is this shit
first off the game was released before youtube
nani the fuck is this creepypasta"go to the bathroom at 11pm and turn of the lights, then play these songs on youtube backwards"
SON
I like myself a good creepypasta
yeah sure ok
turns out he has a creepypastashould I read it and ruin my childhood
When I was a kid, and I was only like 5 when I finally unlocked him, I thought tails doll was so cute
@winhdia so I gotta kiss mama now too
I miss sonic r :(I wonder where my pc copy went after all these years

my first game
sonic r is equally the shittest game and a masterpiece in my mind
Both brosbig bro was there when I got the game then they ported it onto ps2 so my lil bro played it too

this family
//sings sonic r songs loudly//bros join in
the objective is to kill all the enemies on the first level and reach the city, then lv. 2 is to kill as many enemies in the time limit
I was gonna make a Headphone Actor game, but decided to make my own after all
hAHAHAHA YE-no.
so I decided to try to make it an old-school shoot-em-up instead
It has to be a dumb, really easy 'shit slides across the screen and you click on it' game
I need to design a protagonist for the game I'm making at school
papa is in denial about her yandere-ness
do not let cubes take care of kids she just put a druggy as the leader of her bby tantou team
puds gets jijithis is what happens when u cross me
my will:send my weeb stuff to baesend my jiji to pudslet mama inherit any debtsend my trash to cubes
with ur shitty weed oodachinot likely
dont worry cubesill buy u kakaka merch and send it to you when ure in prison
im gonna wait for cubes to kill mama so she goes to jail and I tell the police that nami helped so me and papa get all the inheritance
I dont need uI have papa and kamisama
"I always pay people back"do u know u gotta NEED money to BORROW money to do that first mama
I always pay people back
mama is yanyanforget the dere
Jk
She likes to see you S U F F E R
that's beyond her
does mama even know what debt is
I didn't raise you like this
//puts you in debt
ok ok hit ctrl and prt scrn
Nami is my dealer mamashe got me hooked
PML CUBES CANT DO A SCREENSHOTWHAT A LOSER
I REFUSED TO COMPLY TO HIS PEER PRESSURE
nO MAMA I MELTED THE DRUGGY
Takes away your inheritance too
[cues dankstorm] smoke we-weed-weed
plant papa more like weed daddyB)
Our school only does a ski trip
I dont even think we can go on holiday this year
nani kore mama is planning a holiday??
what is pudswhat kind is she
cubes = tsunderebae = derederemama = yanderepapa = also yandere
/don't make mama angry/
[a week ago ro's voice] avocado dude
DO ITDO IT FOR JIJI
MELT HIM
I think that's the only option is to call at 8am or 9am, but 9am works better since my bros will be sleeping
and that's evening for puds?
if we got up at 8 then thats midnight for mama
unless we get up early cubes
Ok what time zone is puds and papa in??
what happened to "I organised the call" cubes
but all morning hours is like 2am at the earliest for mama hnmm
ok so um lemmie see
ah that works good because I have to go out after two cubes
so 8 hours as I thought
damn its 4.50pm here
ok then what time is it now
*time
I'll go work it out and get a tiem
What timezone are u mama
dw us cuboid victims gotta stick together
When is your lesson at
Maybe I could do Saturday idk
OkI'll be playing touran and shit
on the evening I will be out nOO
who is hosting this time
she's no fun :(
Sunday is best for me, anytime that morning or afternoon really
yeahpeople like uu left the call every two minutes
tell her none of your secrets
Just warning u mama cubes is just as mean in call as she is in text format
@hyunachii 
@hyunachii or mama
@hyunachii im gonna kiss papa
tHATS MY JOB MAMA
Bae lets serenade them
&lt;- RT to save a life
he was talkin about u
lucky bastards
im untalented so u gotta speak english to me
nani korelike 90% of my friends speak another language fluently or lived in another country before and here I am likeyespeak engrish
I cant read any Chinese oh well, at least I will have pixiv
what is weibo
not a uk I want to live in thats for sure
if they get lots of seats I dont want to live in the UK anymorefk ukip
well cubesuve been waiting all weektell us what today is
I hope they don't come in tomorrow because they'll be steamboat and the pranks will be worse than before
farm animals are easily obtained here
they set chickens loose one year too
yes legitwe saw the sheep aha
they also put sardines and tuna down the radiators last year and the school reeked of fish for like a whole month
the teachers caught them but kept looking for the other two numbers even though they weren't there to begin with
best prank ever was two years ago they got three sheep and dipped them with the numbers 1, 4 and 5 then set them loose in school-
Though they go out for a meal and drinking tonight, so some may come in tomorrow steamboat
I actually didn'tI managed to avoid it all
not only water but vinegar, mayo, ketchup etc.
barbeque sauce on door handles, cable tying doors, brown sauce on toilet seats, fairy liquid on the sTAIRS?? also balloons filled with-
it was big bro and the other upper sixths last day so the pranks were everywhere
tadaimafeeling like a spiteful piece of shit who would melt jiji just to hurt cubes
nani kore
I dont feel that old
just now realising ill be turning 17 next yearwell yes ro the number after 16 is 17
I want it so bad
which were only really playstation 1 &amp; 2 games, since I usually played on the Sega mega drive and pc roms
it literally looks and seems to play like the 3d games I grew up with
//criesyooka laylee isn't out til Oct next yearhopefully I can get it for my 17th birthday then
he's really shit design wise anyways
@lordhamstr oh yeah that was the one I asked u if i should melt, which I did
which one is hasebe
no, we dont get exam break :/
ure tellin meI literally have to go to school and sit my business exam, get 5-10mins for lunch then get seated for a physics exam again
then no exams til 8th June which is add maths
then the week after I have business wed morning, and physics wed afternoon and then on thurs I have maths
I have biology on tues, r.e. on wed and chem on thurs
I really worked hard so I hope I get my desired grades
its weird to think that I'll be sitting exams next weeklikeproper exams
I took it cubes
either way, I think it'll be one of my best grades
business is gonna be such a content heavy exam. So many definitions. Its easy to know them, but word-for-word to get max marks not so much.
@lordhamstr yes
//sniffles
aHHHH I CANT WAIT HHHH
me: yeahme:me:me: tbh
I even use tbh irl
tbh
ure gross tbh
guess u could say cubes likes theSHotachin am I right
Yams squishing Nuri's birb!(*´艸`*) 
good to know u like the otachin
highlight of the day when they held it like 'i love chinchin'
I went down to the kitchen and some chinchilla documentary is on, and they called the chinchilla chinchin. Y'know. Jap slang for penis.
im doin business revision ok
@lordhamstr mY CHILD
@kuuufu wHAT A CUTIE OMG
I NEED THIS FIGURE
finishing my business notes tonight, so that only really leaves r.e. notes this weekend then my whole exam notes are done
&lt;- RT//looks at namahone
@lordhamstr same, that may day messed me up
yeah but I have an uchigatana, two wakizashi and a tanto
with your baby tantosplease
ohim sorryyou haven't gotten a rare sword yet have you cubes??my bad:^)
:^)
hotaru or ichigo pls
what rare sword am I gonna get this weekend
hello if anyone in edinburgh has found a loose ass lying around, it belongs to cubes and she would appreciate if you could return it thanks
thats nicehope you got your ass reattached fine
any rare sword luck today cubes
I want yookalaylee
and as soon as I saw shape I thought of cubes lmao
lmao in english we were looking at opening sentences and this one was like'it happened a few days ago. I can still see its shape in my mind'
hELLO CUBES
I didnt stay for my after schools class in the end upit wasn't the teacher I thought it would be taking it
While I was sleeping puds could have died
omg puds what happened??was anyone hurt??
going to school nowwill be home late again today, see ya
mY HEARTTHIS PERSON HAS SUCH NICE ART
Look at that cubes
hONEBAMI &lt;3
Gnite cubes
Hello puds
I can't choose who to marry so Im gonna marry both honebami and namazuo
step 1: Find a Kakakakakastep 2: Melt the Kanes with himstep 3: ??????? cry ?????
Poor honebamisecluded by cubes
hONEBAMI
I remember her faves//huffs
cubes is gonna google themim gonna put her on the spot in our call
cubes name my faves by namehomo bros wont doI believe in u
I got jiji not even 20 mins after melting plant papa
Mama pls melt himDo it for jiji
mama who is your fave sword
@LOLISANDLOLITAS I will protect our son whilst you're gone
*spits on Kane*thats what u get for not bein hotarumaru
Kane is trash
and well take sayo and raise him to be a good kid
im gonna leave and marry namazuo and honebami
same tbh cubes
Out of cash? No problem 
Fans self with debit cards
how I wish to be mama
mama is off to buy more stuff
would you display itbut then you'd be taking it out of the box
what would you even do with it tholike you couldn't play it
kaching
One can dream
Imagine telling people you own a beta SNES
@hyunachii hello mama I need $9.5k thanks 
@LOLISANDLOLITAS SAYO PROTECTION SQUAD ASSEMBLE

@LOLISANDLOLITAS pOOR CHILD HAS BEEN MISTREATED AND NEEDS LOTS OF LOVE
did u know that if u play Kirby tilt n tumble on the Gameboy player on a GameCube, the actual gamecube becomes the controller
any day when I see the scarlet sisters is a good day
@LOLISANDLOLITAS I JUST WANT TO TAKE HIM TO GET ICE CREAM AND PROTECT THE PRECIOUS CHILD
where is jacob I have a new fact I wish to share with him
@AwesomePiku I did a mini analysis of the gaming industry earlier and u weren't there to admire it :c my smart friend
coffee and gaming are equally important to maintaining my trashy weeb status yknow
naseki u missed my gaming industry miniature gloss over, I thought ud be there to appreciate it, despite that your love is for science :c
preach
baby nerd venting about coffee
I always do cubesI need to expand my knowledgeor just be a nerd
OUTRAGEOUS
iN OTHER NEWS BIG BRO SAID HED GET ME A LATTE AFTER MY CHEM CLASS BECAUSE HE WENT TO GET COFFEE WITH FRIENDS AMD HE DID NOT
wow I am going full on gaming nerd tonight folks
always nice to read the articles too
I like nintendolife a lot, such a great site
even u could
I could run the country better than most of the candidates tbh
Cameron kun omg haha
*writes my name in the list, draws a box and ticks it*
I cant even vote in it, even if I was of age and tbh I hate everyone so id vote for myself
me neitherdave chan belongs in the trash can
y r u askin obama instead of dave
YookaLaylee looks really nice, damn
pml tbh
at least I have some supportno thanks to u cubes

ull understand one day, when ure a big cube
where is nasekishe likes science but I feel like she will be the most approving of my analysis
ure one step closer to understanding the current gaming market thanks to me
This is why I want to go into the gaming industry, very interesting u see cubes
//rolls over and cries
My passion for gaming, its industry and business in general make me want to write a report on it, but no one would read it.
Yes, I feel satisfied now that's all out, even though I have more to say, but I'll bore you all.
You can bash them all you want, but they have a very skilled team for their marketing and production line.
In the growing competitive market. Ever wonder why Call of Duty is so popular, makes so much cash and changes very little? That's the reason
Whilst Nintendo can create games that leave a lifelong lasting impression, taking two years to perfect a game just isn't working anymore-
Yet Wii U sales are still sitting at an almost unprofitable margin. It's understandable, given the poor variety of games on offer, and-
I think the industry has particularly changed since the release of the 3DS, as it has spawned so many version, that almost everyone has one-
But also an enjoyable series of single player titles like the Harvest Moon games, Zelda and Super Mario Galaxy would keep me coming back.
Play a game. As a kid, I played my Wii much more than my DS because the online play let me play with my friends on Let's Go to the City-
A handheld such as the 3DS or Gameboy, simply because I have less time, and setting up the Wii U is quite troublesome every time I want to-
I think there's an age attributing factor to it all. As a kid, I played PC, Console and Handheld, but as I've grown older, I mostly play on-
Someday I'd like to do a report in my own time about the ages of gamers and the types of consoles they play most, eg. Handheld, System or PC
I DONT HAVE ADD MATHS TO FRIDAY YES THANK U
I have to do add maths hw but cannot be fkd
yES PERFECT SON
pity I cant see some nice fanart without seeing furries yiffing the animatronics
still hyped for fnaf4 ok
I will cry okUll hear me cry
Hotarubi is really short tho, like 40mins (of pure heartbreak, crying and depression)
yeah I think u can
ill go check
leave join me open for the call if there's no call option on the site, I dont remember
No u dont use join me, there's actual sites to watch together
nO WE SHOULD WATCH HOTARUBI
id cry tho
we should all watch a film together in the callwe could watch the anohana movie
ichigo is a princeI need him
If u try hard not to humiliate me in front of mama and papa
oh yeah I didnt finish that icon for uill do that this weekend then
Dr.cubes
Also since jiji is no.3, I hope that the no.1 and 2 swords are even rarer than him
I can't wait for night battles
so I haven't moved on in a while
I keep getting good swords so one i train a sword to like lv.17 I gotta swap him into one of my other teams for a new lv.1
my team is like lv.26 namazuo, lv.26 kashuu, lv.21 sayo, lv.15/16 honebami, lv.12/13 taro and lv.12/13 jiji
60 followers rn, and I reckon at least 35 are bots
ffs the amount of bots that follow me
its a good technique
that's how I could forge so much and so got plant papa and jiji last weekend
this is why you use my technique of just dont play touran til the weekendby Friday you have like 7000+ of each material
I just want hotarumaru or ichigo
look look cubes its ur son tsuru
papa is a demon confirmed
rice is good
papa had a good peethis has been a PA
im just deepening our relationship
how has your bowel movement been cubes
was it a good pee papa
teacher: today class for english literature, we will be studying a poem entitled "tears" by roclass: I love that one
who is this persondo u want me to fk them up
yeah im gonna go back to my poetic furry stage
go back to furry art son
)#*?£)%(%?%?£???
?????/?
im so offendedthat is my best drawing ever?????
cubes u told me I should know u by nowu should know me
what a bishonen
cashew 
o yeah cubes I drew u something in French lemmie get it
go big or go home I say
im so critical of cosplay
I am an anime nerdsounds like an english dub of weeaboo done by 4kids
ween = weeb + teen
*weeb
I openly confess always that I am the trashiest ween alive
IM A WEEB
wHY AM I A NERD
I cant go to school without being attacked by cubes on twitter
@LOLISANDLOLITAS hELLO SAYO IS THE PERFECT CHILD
ITS THAT SAYO FIGURE I WAN- NEED
@kuuufu sCREAMS OMG AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
ok so many mentions here we go
I got it now, my classmate told me how to do it, but my teacher is bs
@puddiidayo yES I AM HOME HELLO PUDS
me: *asks abt solubility*teacher: *tries to explain*teacher: anymore questionsme: ???classmate: yeah I do*asks same q abt solubility*
hi im home from the shittest revision class ever and I got nothing from it
byeee
wish me luck because im not in a good mood so im gonna kick someone's head in
ok im gonna go catch the bus now
mama has bought more stuff again
@puddiidayo isnt it a doujinishi??
Yeah im going to sleep now too, gnite cuboid
yeah idk I think that's how long, u may be deprived longer
ill be back about 5, or just before
Cubes: I hate u, I want to kill uMe: I'm gonna be home late againCubes: Awwww roughly when??What a tsundere
o yeah cubes ill b home late again, ive got a chemistry revision class after school
im gonna either get killed or kill
tomorrow at school more like cue outer science
cubes has confessed to being a disappointmentthis has been a PA
no spaghetti for waluigi
they changed meask any of my old friends
cubes and puds
I was a nice persona pure personThen I met cubes
cuddles and kissing and hugs n shit
but overall I just prefer fluff
bae likes that kind of yaoi, and some of it i dont really mind
same tbh cubesjust give me the angst
Then there's me and bae
Lol
when I told one of my friends about it she was like wAIT WHAT THAT'S ME so I made my friend realise she was asexual too lmao
another thing that made sense when I realised I was asexual
(/w\) -hides because I dont like smut-aHA I LIKE YAOI AND YURI BUT FLUFF
Imagine us four in a schoolaka whod kill cubes first
I got the talk in school then mama was like u can ask me and I was like ok because I was on the inet since 11 so I sadly knew a lot
@lordhamstr they dont even know uall they c is scarsthey dont c the angelliving in your heartlet them find the real uburied deep inside
*correctly
We had a bomb scare last term tooOne was real and the other was fake if I remember corectly
a lot of people hate me tbh but I genuinely dont know why because ive never said anything to them other than like "hello"
I try to be nice to people but if u annoy me I will yell at u
@lordhamstr I should've taken a picture of the big white tent thing over the door where the guys had to wear full suits to enter
I am in public coed
completely shut off and torn apart because they found a mold called asbestos that fkn causes cancer
do I have to list the wreckage in my school againto put it in perspective, two classrooms and a store room had to be-
uH IM IN A TRASH OF A PUBLIC SCHOOL AND I HAVE A UNIFORM?? THAT I GET AFTER SCHOOL DETENTION IF IT AINT WORN CORRECTLY
or once the last of my acne dies away on the side of my forehead
@lordhamstr I will take one at the con because I might be cosplaying :^)
I get fkn set alight in the sun
look sick so id be the only one who gets stared at because not only am I sickly white, I have blonde hair and blue eyes
see I thought about this earlierif we all went to say Japanyou guys are okay but im fkn white af, like, I mean im so pale I constantly -
DW CUBES HAS AGGRESSIVE TYPING SYNDROME TOO
says the scott
which is true
My dad doesn't like giving me my pocket money (£10 a month, which I dont always get) because he says I spend it on stupid shit (weeb shit)
Idk what time suits me yet, but probably same time again to late afternoon since evening my dad gets home
Ok now we have a larger audience for cubes to publically shame me
preach
mama and papa u gotta join me, cubes and puds call this weekend ok
he's saving up for farming simulatorYet he lives on a farma real fkn farm
I cant speak tho, my lil bro has like £50
small child is richer than meFml
but dont cry too much lest your tears wash her memories away
omg cubes mama and papa should join our next join.me call
papa1999-2015"Sometimes people leave us."
good bye bae
good bye kids
ok so lets just put this into perspectivemama how old is ur sis and how much pocket money does she get?
dw mama's sis probably has her own cash to burn anyways
poor papa :c
Come live with mama
cubes and i walk out of our exams onto mamas private jet over to her castle of a mansion where our own butlers are waiting to take us inside
fk exams im gonna flunk and go live with mamafk this shit
I could buy kashuu merch aND RIP THEM UP INTO PIECES
And send you the video :-)
ROod
backup plan in life: if all else fails, go live with mama
watch ur sass little missy, never mind swords mama could melt that kashuu merch like its nothing
do u understand how much cow shit I have stood in to get £5
I'm so rich, I live on a farm in the middle of nowhere, where my parents tell me to go help herd cows or something if I want money
ok so cubes has already took advantage of mama
on my amazon acc is like 29p and the most that's ever been on it was £35 to buy majoras mask 3d
hello so I dont even have itunes thats how rich I am I cant even afford a free dl
-my parents
and here rie's considering putting $150 onto hers like it's nothing
NANI KORE AM I RIGHT CUBES
This is what people think of me @RT
CUBES LOOK AT THIS BS
MAMA ISNT RICH AS THOUGHT BEFORESHE IS INSANELY RICH
NO GRANDMA RIESHE DOESNT NEED MORE
SHE NEEDS TO SEE THIS
NANI KOREWHERE IS CUBES
WHERE DO U GET THIS MONEYR U A ROBBER
fK MAMA URE MAKING MY PURSE CRY
thats about£26.70 spending money
uh so umI have£36.70for the con
I have another $500 for personal spending?? I really can't wait for Fanime though www
my parents might buy me kashuu nendo tho //cries
meanwhile I sit here and cant buy shit because I gotta keep money for the anime con
nANI KOREMAMA HAS ENDLESS CASH
ok papa!!
Too many cuties
I'm caught between Namazuo, Honebami, Kashuu, Kogitsune and Jiji
Ah
exactly £10?
Eh that'll be over a tenner then
No it doesn't run on my pc :(
uGH I CANT CHOOSE
The latest chapter tho
yES PAPA GLADLYITS ONE OF MY FAVE MANGAS EVER
the kashuu charm is low on stock so u better buy soon
THANK GOD
@winhdia OK THATS GOOD PHEW
Youre a child too cubes
I am a child too and I am happily enjoying the extra human rights that come with it thank u
ro: [15 yr old]
@winhdia I suppose its ok for mature people, but like, I would not put kids on the road
NANDENO PLEASE NO WHYWHY WOULD YOU DO THATTHEY ARE CHILDREN
The exchange rate is greatI might just get one, maybe kashuu
I justwhatI cant
I cant
nANI THE FUCK I WOULD NOT LET A 15 OR 16 YEAR OLD ON THE ROAD WHAT THE HELL IS THIS ANARCHY LOOK I EVEN WROTE THE FULL CURSE WORD
Two is £9.26
One is £5.29
they're $8 each or $11 for two
but if I get namazuo, I gotta get honebami
Namazuo and Kashuu are my faves, I might get them...
I WANT THEM ALLEVEN PLANT PAPA SO I CAN MELT HIM
what age can you drive at papa??
I'm gonna drive myself to hospital with broken legsdo I at least get a medal
accurate
tbh I dont think ill be a bad driver because im quite observantwell that and the fact I really dont want to crash so ill be concentrating
I'm gonna learn to drive because its an important life skill I will need
What a weeb
Weba papa
it will be a very fkn short road trip because we will end up as ROad kill tbh
fK OMG SAYO YOU PERFECT CHILD I WANNA TAKE U TO DIDNEY LAND AHHHH
when I play forza, my big bro hides his face in shame so I mean
I meanI cant play racing games other than Mario kart or sonic r for a start
I never imagined that when i meet cubes, id be the one driving places
I will learn to drive as soon as I can
nO PAPA
nANDE why wont u learn to drive??
all I want tbh
In all seriousness, I'll probably have my friend stay overnight or something, and go to a cafe for lunch
Can u drive cubes??
wellI cant drive yetbut
we park in a nearby car park for free
I will take a tantrum if its a pony, and my party will bE RUINED UGH
ooo papa and i have our sweet 16s this year
*when I told mum this*lil bro: u hate everyone tholil bro: you'd invite like three peoplelil bro: including yourselfme:me:me: tbh
I told my mum that I want a pink jeep for my bday and a sweet 16 party where I ride into school and invite people on a horse
oH AND SOU'S BDAY IS IN JUNE RIGHT
ok so mama -&gt; onee -&gt; jacob -&gt; papa -&gt; me -&gt; puds -&gt; cubes -&gt; zuca
ure a greedy shit, u dont even use dA?? like
if ure a premium member u can set art to upload on a certain date
ffs u have like 9999 years on dA u can schedule an upload??
that's mamas bday cubes
11th Oct papa
gotta keep on top of these bdays
June 10
cubes if u forget mamas bday i will kick ur ass
*love
feeling the uh birthday lobe
I love u too cuboid
mamas is soon, in June and papas is in sept
depends if she piss me off or not
gotta check mama and papas bdays too
gotta be on top of gifts
eh no I stalked them on dA incase I needed to draw gifts anytime soon
I will celebrate my birthday first! (^o^)/
iCHIGO AND KASHUU BBUS
naruhodocubes birthday is in nov and puds is in oct with mine
our school ranks pretty high in grades, possibly one of the top in ireland, but its a ramshackle
damn
somehow the teachers still have a fancy staff room??
A cat gave birth in the roof also
my school is a literal dumpthere's heating in like 3 rooms, lights hang off the roof broken, windows and doors smashed, hole in the wall-
what is a pure meter and why do I rate everyone based on it
puds is purer than u
maybe that's unfair to compare u to bae, she is a real life cinnamon roll after all
u r shit
bae = 99999999 purenesscubes = -99999999999999 pureness
bae is a derederecan u see the sarcasm when I call u one
its sarcasm
shes too tsun to admit shed miss me awww cute
what a deredere
what a loli
cubes just wished my greatest fear in life upon me
back the fk up m8did u not know I am hydrophobic
cubes dont cry too much or ull wash me away
u wait for me to come homecmon now admit it
dont lieull miss me
this one of many reasons why im gonna fk her up
time to choose a new victim
my lifes purpose has become to annihilate cubes, so what will I do when she leaves for two weeks
I've seen it like twice on tumblr used by weebs, what a rare meme
also I live literally in the middle of nowhere so im not even a villager
I know what a meme is jfcim asking what is the meme to which you are referring to
dont talk to me about maths proofsI still dont get them
//looks up at god
what is a meme
didi has posted a cute doodlea pure, innocent cinnamon roll amongst these... things
live updates as I scroll up my tl
update: tora has started a titty gang
nani the fk is goin onI see tora, cubes and papa trying to seduce possibly each other??
@hyunachii yES MAMA PLS READ IT AHHHH ITS GREAT
@lordhamstr its called 'procrastination'
u whipped out the cash mama
@hyunachii seduced
gotta do this maths pp so see you guys after
cubes flirting: ill let u see all 6 of my sides ;)
me flirting: I cant flirt
everyone else on that mini list has been called by what they are to meure no exception
gotta rt that for puds
i hope u all love it
fk it
thats the most effort im putting into that profile
i hope people dont get offended that im only putting the friends i talk to most on it, so generally my friends that have twitter
nani kore
why has everyone changed their dA names making writing a bio so much more difficult
there was actually a whole bunch missing, i just didnt notice lmao
oh its okay, the page didnt load right
did they get rid of the deviant ID option?? i cant find it anymore
it is said that doodling honebami in a thick pen will make you 20% happier 
lmao cubes cant accept that i am the superior kid in this family
i am a good kid
@hyunachii np mama
tysm ro
still havent found anymore kcb
@hyunachii i think like 99999
dont
just keep it
yeah dont be like me
dont melt plant daddy
dont melt anything rare
also he looks like the kinda guy whod fk me up if i tried to melt him anyways
kinda
maybe ill keep him, hes kinda cool
cubes should i melt ookurikara
debating his melting now
ookurikara is meh in design
shit what did he do??
wait shit cubes the new one??
what a tsun
dont plan on using him but i wont melt
i got ookurikara and apparently hes rare
so many swords have sakura frenzy rn its great
well she did marry three people
one percent of puds waifu-ness each
puds is 3% Waifu Material.

ro is 75% Waifu Material.

ro: ive been playimg touken ranbu for over a week now
ro: i can take u 
plastic disposable knife
@lordhamstr legit me too
ro died trying to impersonate tourabu and stop a guy with a knife
ro Died By Sword Fight
ro Died At seven eleven
ro Died With Stupidity

ok draw then study
jfc jiji takes so long to heal
i gotta do a maths pp later, and check if i have hw
yaris hit ur sword all the time
i have the max no of troops on each of my kids
and jiji
kcb are hard hitting, gotta repair kashuu, namazuo and sayo
MY BABIES
THEY HAD SO MANY YARI
pHEW
found some kbc~
ok i got kbc to uh enter the stage??
i want turtle kid so im gonna keep playing the map i usually go on
kebiishi those things are called apparently
switching in honebami as leader for more exp
mY PRECIOUS SON RANKED UP
GOOD JOB SAYO BBU
the turtle kid and the other one
the ones that drop those two swords that were added not that long ago
what are those infest thingys
that go into older maps
already did haha he sucks
o well he looks lame
ok I have to get cubes permission to melt new swords I haven't got to prevent the reoccurrence of the plant papa incident
*him
can I melt hin
my inets so slow, I dont think a join me would work
hasabe
ill check now
@lordhamstr the guy who won that poll
*Disappointment
fk off KaneI need hotaruwhat a dissapointment
He looks like a bachelor from one of mamas otome, not like he's gonna stab shit with a sword
cUBES IS HE RARE OR CAN I MELT HIM
o its that guy that got most popular in the poll
*melts yama*
or a rare to piss cubes off
Time to make oodachi
(meanwhile the other expedition fails)
MY BBYS
hOLY SHIT TEAM NI BROUGHT BACK x300 STEEL?? NANI KORE
I need touranbu to cleanse my soulmake me pure again namazuo
EYE BOIAR U TRYNE FKN DO ME??!?
This is an outrage
(small text)Disclaimer: I will only melt plant papas
NO ONE ELSE IS ALLOWED RARES BUT ME SO I CAN MELT THEM LIKE PLANT PAPA
I WILL HAVE JIJI UNLEASH HIS WRATH
IM THE ONE WHO IS SUPPOSED TO GET THE RARES
nANI KORE WHO GOT TSURU
I think ill work on gears design for the join me
thank
tHEN SHE WENT THROUGH MY PROFILE LIKE IT WAS NOBODYS BUSINESS
I made cubes do a dramatic reading of it
Cubes if u outlive me pls see to it that that is put on my grave
dont let the tears wash them away
New 'inside meme'
People sometimes leave us.
:(
cubes u ruined my life can I at least have this
oK GONNA GET SET UP THEN
OH but I can call next weekend again I think!! we gotta have our lil date with cuboid again and hopefully not ruin my life like last time
@puddiidayo I cant use the call rn tho, so itd be awkwardly silent
to run a join me or not run a join me that is the question
on our honeymoon lets go to a cafe
reichel got tsuru 
and they havent been playing for long and i just wanna
@puddiidayo yES ITS MY FAVOURITE COFFEE
cubes is trash as usual
ok see u when im back
this is the reason I married pudsthe unified love for latte
going to town, hopefully I can get coffee
gotta blow dry my hair then do a maths pp
@dokamidoka hNNNN SO CUTE AHHH
one day I will drive cubes on our quad and purposely crash into a ditch and save the world from her
cant/couldnt be fkd
uncultured townie
but i have placed a flower on a cow turd before
*cbf
tfw u need to go dry your hair but you 110% cbg
or a tractor
lmao have u even drove a quad before??
ill just have teanot that that's a bad option
I have too much to do today, I need coffee
nani do I live in the country I need a latte
gotta study and draw today
im gonna take a bath then do shit
@AwesomePiku ahhhh!! Thank you!!
@lordhamstr nani kore every first and last Monday in may is a bank holiday
time for food
I got u puds
cubes no aho
cubes u baka
jfc cubes do I have to remind u were both in the UK so yes, yes it is a bank holiday here, and eVERYWHERE ELSE IN THE UK??
that means I gotta draw an id thing huh
gotta fix my dA profile today ah...
tOO SOON
goodnight
im tired so im gonna go sleep now
Oooo Ive always had sayo on my team, since he's on my dream team, precious son &lt;3
I... I just dont even know anymore
OK AT LEAST U HAVE HIM
wHAT PART OF PROTECT THE PRECIOUS CINNAMON ROLL DID U MISS??
I JUSTI CANTI CANT GO ON
IM GONNA DIE
THERE IS NO JUSTIFIED REASON TO MELT THE MOST PURE, PRECIOUS ANGEL EVER
AND U ASKED ME WHY I MELTED PLANT PAPA???
HES A WAKIZASHI TOO
OK IF U HAVE MULTIPLENOT IF THAT WAS UR ONLY ONE
nANI KORE WHY WOULD U MELT HIM
He's my leader &lt;3
so u have namazuo??
cubes im gonna look for a fic of namahone or something for u
im running out of patience
cubes u better get into namahone soon
so accurate it hurts
dont think I dont see u rt the samonji brosI ain't backing down
thanks for giving me more impersonation material to work with
I will do it even if it gets no faves
any day is a great day to impersonate cubes
I will do that regardless of the amount of faves tbh
please do itwe all know who im gonna mock
If this tweet gets 7 favorites ro will have to impersonate another twitter user for the next 10 tweets 
am I a yan
stab stab sTAB
«RT if you think ro is yandere.»
it tastes great
*giving umi a piggyback*Umi: Faster, faster! You're so slow!Miles: tHIS IS AS FAST AS I CAN GO
I can see them already
meanwhile umi is total anti-war
he starts to question if the war is just and shit
tHATS SO TRAGIC OMG
thats why she's so eager to explore now
unlike gear, she's really smart since she couldn't do physical activity as a kid, so she just read books
it works since she doesn't wanna go to war either
aww pERF YES
yeah, thats what I said earlier after the guild idea, a travel groupPokemon anime style this shit
and whine
Umi is much better in health now, but the long distances Miles go tire her so I imagine she'd request piggybacks and stuff
its hard to pronounce huh, I guess any way is fine really
kee-yo-n
I like miles because its like, a ref to how he travels a lot
I like Kyon
her bro uhhhhm a real name
I think I'll call het Umi
gET THAT THE FK AWAY FROM ME
She'd be afraid of fire, so imagine her seeing his lantern for the first time
like he does it subconsciously
OMG CUE ANGSTwhat if because miles is so used to craning his neck up to talk to gear, he does that often even tho she's shorter than him
amen
yES PERFECT WE GOT THIS CUBES
OH YEAH YOU MEAN TALKING ABOUT THE PAST OK YEAH
his sis would only appear once he dies tho, like shed meet miles post-gears death because gears last wish would be to find her
that headcanon is so accurate
he overhears the guys talking about the "gear" so he mistakes it for his name, but they just mean a part inside of him
I kind of like Umi
uuu what to call his sis
what a cutie omg
headcanon gear is super tall and at the start bends down to talk to Miles until he tells him to stop embarrassing him
when he learns of the war he thinks he remembers someone who went to war (his papa) but can't put a name to his face
yeah, and Miles teaches him about the world and stuff, and emotions and stuff
maybe an assassin or something
the blue side either, so she's a neutral presence. She will do some sort of night job, idk what yet, but involving her scythe
His sis on the other hand hates the red side for what they did to her bro (she thinks they just killed him) and she doesn't really like-
He goes to war for Miles, to thank him and there he realises who is and dies and stuff
ed Miles
gear was supposed to go to war, but he had no memories so when he left whatever lab he was in he didnt know what to do at all, so he follow-
wow more angst cause she just thinks her bro died but he was sort of reincarnated huh well then he died again
swordplay lessons growing up, u dont just carry around an oodachi without prior knowledge
swordplay skills, so he can easily go to war because his morality is forgotten
morality, but then papa goes to war, and gear hides to take care of her but is shot and shit for not going, then he's rebuilt because of his
yeah he's completely against it because his dad always taught him never to hurt people etc. so he has a real strong sense of
dragon quest style
but yeah, I thought it'd be cool if post-gears death ur guy had a lil travel party or something and shed join in
A reason to fight in the war too, but she prefers to stay a neutral presence
but yeah, I imagine they'd come to take him away for not going to war and torch the house or something with her in it so she has-
perfect icon 10/10
oui oui
Gear had to take care of her since she's half blind and was really frail as the weaker twin
Their mum died giving birth to them, so they aren't really that sad about it because they didn't know her, and their dad had to go to war so
but yeah, I imagine when Gear remembers who he is in his final moments, he'd ask Miles to find her and see that she's alive
Ahhhh I like it!!
its not, u just add the tag and bamdoneu got a guild bro
a small travel group after gear dies, and work up guild points on our guilds tag (but idk what they contribute to yet)
what if ur guy is the leader of a guild?? like it starts with him and gear and u can get ur friends and maybe bae to join-
she's alive, this is the idea I was gonna tell u, ready
she's mischievous af, and really hyper active, but she hides her true feelings and resentment over the war away
as top gear
she wears shorts under her skirt for practical movement, and is really agile
she has a lot of scars from the 'accident' when they took Gear, so she dresses them in lots of bandages
Gear's twin sister, (undecided name).She's blind in one eye so she sometimes wears an eye patch, and has a scythe. 
desperately tries to correct myself
**SPOILER
*SPOLIER
oH YEAH OK SPOIKER ALERT KIDS
was that the one who died
me: I liked the first one betterlil bro: thats cause Loki was in it and u love Lokime: yeah tbh
yeah it was kind of eh...
also u know the ds is going out of date when the second hand game store barely stocks any of its games anymore
I saw age of ultron ahhh
hELLO
Ooo yeah cubes I had another idea for pixiv fantasia, but ill tell you later since I gotta go out shortly
yeah I wasn't sure
apparently its because of a disease tho
@puddiidayo no but naturally, with no contact lenses
@GenuineToaster instant popularity or intense bullying, there's no middle ground
imagine having purple eyes
time to study
oui oui
come now childrenlet us link arms and walk together into the sunset in peace and tranquillity
you know what they say about big hands and big swords*wink wink nudge nudge*
u shitsleave waifu alone u trash
ro is my husband
plant papa needs to be sprayed with weed killer
I could live with thatI did get jiji like
u guys are mean to puds
I didnt even want himI still just want hotarumaru
LMAO CUBES U MIGHT NEVER GET JIJI
or refine jiji with jiji
if I get another jiji, ill melt himI don't need two
and id get great satisfaction from melting it
I hope I get another jiji before cubes gets one
what do u havea shota
I have jiji to protect me
*winks*
what can I saythe game knows which players deserve the rare swords cubes
u gotta access the main page via the eng page, then u can switch the language to Japanese and do the proxy overwrite
*thats the problem
its the proxy is the problem
tell her to do that cubesu gotta use the eng site first
she cant get in because she's cleared the cookies that led the site to believe her proxy is japanese
if u log into the english site (you should be able to), switch to the Japanese and perform the proxy overwrite
as long as the games popular = profit, so why not leave it. If it aint broke, dont fix it
tbh I just think they dont give af
I was wondering that too, since they can see the countries of people on their servers
surely by now they know tons of people can playing it overseas
poor deprived kids
took me a week and a few days
haha look at the poor kids who haven't got jiji yetpoor soulsmaybe next year you'll get him
plant papa is trash tbh
damn why didn't u put ur plant papa tweet on ur main acc, so I couldve retweeted it
lots of materialsyes pls thank unow to try for hotaru
wow dedicated icon maker of the year goes to shit head cubes congrats m8
it lets you adjust it more
cubes cubes just extend the canvas so that its a square and there's lots of space around the icon part
too pure
too good for this world
my beautiful bby kaneki*strokes screensaver*
I think I'll work on Gear's design later too
im just gonna go get my pc and play touran
im so lost as to what's even going onI just wanted puds to melt plant papas
nani kore shouldn't it be jiji or like hotaru??
iS NAMAZUO OR HONEBAMI ON THERE
who got no.1
what are we looking at?? rankings??
aND HE IS AN AVOCADO
because plant daddy is neither badass nor cute, and he has a silly hat
melt the plant daddies pudsdo it
hello my name is ro and I dont like plant papa ok ok
@puddiidayo bRUTAL HONESTY
if the memes aren't up to standard, or rare pepes, the islanders face a hefty fine
@puddiidayo PLANT PAPA HAS A SILLY HAT AND WEIRD HAIRCUT, AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT, I NEED HOTARUMARU
Butt island society forcing the constant usage of memes, or face certain death
@puddiidayo dO IT, U DONT NEED THREE PLANT PAPAS. I DIDNT EVEN NEED ONE
@puddiidayo mELT BOTH AS A SACRIFICE TO JIJI, IF HE WAS CONTENT WITH ONE, HE WILL BE VERY PLEASED WITH TWO
tsuru says he looks like a crane dressed in white, idk about the glasses tho
oH OK PHEWI WAS GONNA GO ALL CUBES JEALOUS THERE
also wow my mii is being forced to meme by butt islands societyvery oppressive
wHO GOT ICHIGO WHERE WHO ONG
~ Twiggy's mii
melt them for jiji
ok yeah gotta get foodbut u better melt them puds
meLT MELT MELT MELT
see ya tomorrow
ok im exhaustedgood night weebs
I thought it would be something like that!
new life goal: look cute in a sailor seifuku, but not cute enough to attract any form of attention at all
but its so cute ahhh
ok so uhhow am I gonna get my dad to order this without being judged x9999 for being a total weeb???
what's your speech on?
but ffs why are sailor seifuku so expensive
cubes cosplay is within the budget
Before: im gONNA COSPLAY SETSUNA PLUS!!1!Now: yeah thats too dear fk that gimmie a sailor seifuku
my cosplay goals have changed
//thinks about cubes//contemplates life
why do u need a barbie doll tho
self-punishing child
I took a time out
oh and im back
nANI KORE MAMAWHERE DO U GET THE MONEY FOR ALL THAT
elle n'est pas mon enfant
ill be back soondon't get lonely without me
ro needs to take a small time out
time to back upstairsto the bedroom*wink wonk*
ma copine s'appelle cubes, et elle habite dans la poubelle
Cubes est ordure
@hyunachii oui oui
@hyunachii pourquoi?
what mama really means is...
mama says she's just chillin with papa
well if someone asks if we want €999999999, I can say oui oui and get it for us
oui oui
[sees a French person] oui oui
I can use my French cubesmy oui
i'm not recycling anything
i can't reuse ro
at least im a-grade trashmama will look at the bins and thinkthis trash is so goodshould I recycle it??
//picks up cubes and ro
im dYING CUBES LOOKOUR ROADTRIP IS A BEST TRAVEL SOURCE 
screenshot folks, this will be the first and last time
for this one time im gonna team up with cubes
wASNT THAT WHAT U IMPLIEDMAMA U SAID U WERE A PERV??
