Can't believe I've got too get up at 4 just to drive back to London for a fuckin EYE APPOINTMENT tomorrow then drive back, such a joke.

<PENSIVE FACE>
The cavern.....

I felt ABIT like John Lennon for a moment.
So exhausted after today...

Where's the whiskey at!? <DIZZY FACE>
<MAPLE LEAF> &amp; <WINE GLASS> &amp; <OPEN BOOK>..
Mmm that was fun <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>..gonna get abit h-eye and go'wa'bed.

<SLEEPING FACE>.
<SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> wow, what a specimen..
I'm normally drinking like a fish before a gig.....

But no!, tea &amp; crumpets it is.
1h
Art as a whole is subject too interpretations by the observer as well as the creator....so why teach it?

Creativity isn't a lesson..<VICTORY HAND>️
A vague idea...
2.. 
5.. 
Playing an acoustic set later, first acoustic set played of TD/VOL2...get that moany voice out!
@50shadesofshea9 art is but a dated flower..that I bring too your mum haha that kid!
T'is why I love reading Aleister Crowleys books.. 
Just laying here smoking....

And pulling the feathers out of my pillow, favourite thing as a kid. <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY>
Really in the mood to play xbox, haven't played on in ages!

Assassins creed or something..but I don't got one <EXPRESSIONLESS FACE>
But in the mean time...ganjabis. <RELIEVED FACE>
Can't never fuckin sleep proper when I'm in a new place..t'will take one a few days I think...<PENSIVE FACE><DISAPPOINTED BUT RELIEVED FACE><THOUGHT BALLOON>
....Ahh, a Bed. <SLEEPING FACE><SLEEPING SYMBOL><SLEEPING SYMBOL>
Watching 'getting doug with high' whilst being high in a car is fun, James adomian &amp; Todd glass.

So funny <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>!
Keep thinking it's Monday..
Piverloolliverpool..
@BEAUTIFULPlCS looks like a THC gland haha
Hhhmm, I see the resemblance.. 
I dont class myself as 'white' I class my self human! who just so happens to be of a paler complexion to the majority of the people on earth
It's people like you wether it's a joke or not that keeps racism alive...<FISTED HAND SIGN>
I WILL go too john lennons childhood house in the week...because I'm obsessed with John Lennon....and slightly weird.. <PERSON WITH FOLDED HANDS><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
Meeeerrrssey siiiiiiiide (scouse accent)
A Pizza Hut, a Pizza Hut, Kentucky fried chicken and a Pizza Hut...

No, McDonalds..
@joannahalpin <SMILING FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES>
TheDrive 

Im still burnin lines under my head, they creep up like sun rise
Waking up like were dead
Warm like the sun..I'm in your bed
Can't wait too see lady terry..

'Liim, Whot th'e focckck ye dooin ye litteell fockin bastar..!'
@NoelOasisQuotes HA!
...BUT DONT WORRY, we are all still sane..abit.
Why do people freak out the first time they smoke weed?...

YOU KNOW what youve done, it's not like you didn't know what was going to happen
Fuckin starving!...TheDrive Thru
@TheMatthew22 top boy, mad for it
S'gonna be a long night! 

Carry 
On
Liverpool
Gonna wear a bin bag, a bowler hat, white toe socks and a pair of jelly sandals...
@TheMatthew22 <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> mate, when I'm on one, just need a slap
The shit I caused my R.E, Science and history teachers in school purely on the questions I used too asked <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>. I'm all outside the box.
Rant Over <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW>
If we evolved from apes....then what did these 'modern day' apes evolve from? If you can figure that out then you'll find the origin of man.
Come on! We're not ACTUALLY from apes..

Apes are still here right? How comes they didn't 'evolve' too loose THEIR hair??

Don't make sense.
They left...leaving us behind.

One day they will come back and people will shout 'ALIENS' 

When really...it's mummy and daddy.
And they took DNA from the 'ape'..took DNA from them selves and created a slave race, not 'man', that's god...we are Hu-man.
THEY! Not god..they, WERE what we have become..space exploring astronauts...just that they were a million years in advanced technology wise
I think god is real.......just not a fat old bloke on a cloud sporting a shower curtain as a symbol of purity.
Put that in your pipe religion and atheists.
ever noticed in the book GENESIS it refers too GOD as GODS which implies that if it were true, there would have been more than one god..
I think the 'gods' got abit angry with humanity..
Did they have bombs in ancient times!?

No

Well why the fuck is everything, everywhere blown too pieces...NOTHING, IS INTACT!...<ANGER SYMBOL><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR>
The noise is forced upon the listener...no one knows their own sound.

It's like people know more about their friend than their own noise..
music has changed over the years is for one reason...

If music stayed the same people would get bored, they'd start paying attention....
If your not going to be a good distraction from what the governments or the people behind they are trying too achieve...then don't bother.
They don't want talent...they want a distraction.
The music industry and the idea of idolising another human was created purely too serve as a distraction from the realities of life - Me
Oh YES! TheDrive are heading too Liverpool next weekend.....GIIIIIIIIIIIIG! <GRINNING FACE><MICROPHONE><GUITAR><SAXOPHONE>.....

Volume 2 <GREEN BOOK>
The baby underwater with the dollar bill represents the fact that humans are now born too consume and not live

Nirvana, Nevermind.
'It's like, we're not humans anymore, were consumers.'

Krist Novoselic
Sorting out the America trip.....aswell as south of France and Spain..
And Cornwall..

Buzzin for L.A though, it's going to be mental..<SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SMIRKING FACE>
The most awkward person I've even met...<EXPRESSIONLESS FACE><CONFUSED FACE><THUMBS DOWN SIGN><RAISED HAND>
When your hung over..BAD! &amp; you can't sleep...

Tea, biscuits, weed &amp; mixing..the best thing <SMIRKING FACE><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><HEAVY BLACK HEART>️
TheDrive - Panzer Chocolate
@50shadesofshea9 yes, yes I am Jesus..son of Zeus. Haha
12 missed calls
5 texts (That I cannot reply too)
Wet clothes
Wet cigs
Freezing cold
No weed
Splitting head ache 
Feel numb..
I <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️ my bed.
I woke up too ^^^^^
@50shadesofshea9 haha yeah man! The REAL diary though...some jack Kerouac meets Aleister Crowley shit in there haha
You want too straighten up those lines boy, I want to be sober..
Hahaaaa! So fuckin drunk &amp; the party hasn't even started yet.....shiiiiiiiiet! <SPEAK-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><HEAR-NO-EVIL MONKEY><ANGER SYMBOL>
The word 'Drive' is everywhere....

Get used to it. <KISS MARK>
Cat fish and the bottle men might aswell have named them selves after one of my songs....

Salt Water &amp; Seagulls 

<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>!
TheDrive - If she has a best friend, then..
Buzzin so much!!..
We spent the remainder of our teens &amp; the beginning of our 20s in a TINY town in a field doing what we wanted..were still doing what we want
Everyone, just slack off, skate, do drugs, have sex &amp; create art.

Youll probably find things will work out better for you in the long run<VICTORY HAND>️
Alcoholism is the best present.
Shits getting real.


PARTY!
@50shadesofshea9 ...saying that have you saved my number......I might delete twitter hahaha
@50shadesofshea9 oh mate everything always half an effort with me <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> but how can I NOT tweet something pointless, meaningless or irrelevant?
Better get ready..these meetings aren't going to meet them selves...
I'm going to grow the sides out and cut it like this..<INFORMATION DESK PERSON> haha 
I'm either growing my hair out like this...<VICTORY HAND>️Oor.. 
Aaahh feeling hopeful, glad, optimistic, positive, the suns out..abit and I'm in a VERY good mood <GRINNING FACE> <VICTORY HAND>️ <FLEXED BICEPS>
So blazed <SMIRKING FACE>..meetings tomorrow, up early and too bed be late aye son...good night compadres.

<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES><SMOKING SYMBOL><BANKNOTE WITH DOLLAR SIGN><PISTOL><MONEY BAG><PILL><SYRINGE>A<BLACK SPADE SUIT>️

My life in emoji. Haha.
TheWeeknd &amp; The Neighbourhood.

That is all. <VICTORY HAND>️<MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
Were all just molecules - Sarah Silverman 

Babe.
@SarahKSilverman im-still-alive-ies
My first ever emoji is <RAISED HAND>...

Talk too the hand then.

#TrueStory
Might move to Kennington...

A 3 bed apartment for £148 pw.

Not bad, not bad at all..
Water Pop/Rock is the way forward..

The problem with what I do is..if you have a bad case of writers block then you ain't getting paid haha

Sort it out Liam.
The goldilocks and the 3 bears story just makes me think about ReadyBreak..
I think green tea is the way forward with getting a good nights sleep...

Literally, felt soo fuckin good...

And that morning stretch aaahh
Green tea, food, smoke, music &amp; bed..

#BareNecessities
@StationCDRKelly looks like the Eastenders intro...but after ww3 haha
The BN biscuit company should collaborate with DocMartens and make a boot shaped biscuit...

DM DM do do di do do
Pricks dm'in me like...I got!... 

@cctv_wankers That laugh! 'Hehehe'
@cctv_wankers HAHA!
I think going too the new Star Wars movie in either a chewbacca or an ewok costume would be pretty jazzy..
Addicted too green tea, Houmous &amp; pitta bread.

And I don't know why..      Must be pregnant.
3 songs done today.

Now I think I deserve abit of a sleep..
So tired..literally can't keep my eyes open.

Good day though :)
Shura &amp; Jessie ware...

My favourites right now.
TheDrive - Our Town

Banger!
Sitting on the ground with dirty clothes
Running round town putting stuff up his nose
Holes in his shoes you can see his toes
Sit down...
...NOW WE JUST FALL ABOUT! 

Around the town yeah.
Can't wait for the fight between...

Bad weather &amp; patio

Mutha fucka's been driving me up the wall
Hoping that I fall, but they can suck my balls!
Riam lyan.
So I'm at this point of the existence of my self and all I need right now is my hero doug benson and gabe Dylan. #GettingDougWithHigh
My head needs holding...I feel swollen.
@50shadesofshea9 ite bee
Haha Romford..

THAT PLACE!
@50shadesofshea9 I just got to my dads, leave my stuff there nd then I'll leave at about 10 to 7 if you want?
@50shadesofshea9 I'm in romford, I'll let you know when I'm on my way, neerrr
I want to go too California
I want to get really high
I want to see 'getting doug with high' live at largo.

...that's what I want.
The journey to Romford has now commenced.
Borough market = FOOD!

Always choose fresh food. So good!
TheDrive - Kick your shoes off, you can make yourself at home
                  I don't want too, spend another night alone

Don't know what feet cover uppers I should wear today...

Chelsea boots
Loafers
Boots
Creepers
Chucks..or
Etnies
So awful too hear about Rio Ferdinands wife. Literally makes me feel sick hearing about that kinda stuff what with my nan having cancer RIP
Flowers.
Yeah I'm just a weirdo

Good night.
Tup of cea and a berry chake well
@SarahAnnHarley I'm messin about :)
@SarahAnnHarley onions
I reckon the stars are just holes in the carpet of heaven.

But hey that's my opinion.
1994 was so bad for music.

Kurt Cobain died
Justin Bieber was born
Bed.
@SarahAnnHarley because
Fuck the 7th of May 

#DontVote
Mmm gherkins
Home, catch up on bear grylls &amp; goggle box then I'm going too sloth out..like on the advert hahah
When you go out with layers on incase it gets cold...But end up sweating like a tit..need a shower.
Funny night :)

Walking home...fuck public transport!
Party time.

NW1 is how we do. Haha
so hard for me too write a song whilst bring up emotional subjects but yet leaving the emotions outside..forever an emotional wreck haha
He looks like me, what you doing?
If you want the real thing Ill jump onto you
Say it, just say the word
Say it, I feel the world...turning
You said it will always be me &amp; you..
So whats that boy doing in your room
The keepers leaving he left me a few
Now Im stuck on my own ur2..
But why is all the weed gone?
Music. Is. Life.
Life. Is. Music.
Music. &amp;. Life. Is. Love. 
Can't wait for tonight, P.A.R.T.WHY?

Because I gotta!

My mums taste in music has defiantly rubbed off on my over the years. 

MJ
George benson
Sister sledge
Womack &amp; Womack
Nirvana
Peter gabriel
@50shadesofshea9 oh hello...hahah alright man I'll tweet ya tomorrow or something when I'm on my way
TheDrive - Your too important too see, that
                  Your too important too me.
Ill lay it out on the table
Your not compatible with me
Together everythings fable
But your to important to see
That your to important to me
Bain is now obsessed with shura, that's too yours truly.

What a songwriter..
@50shadesofshea9 haha chiirks, is Steve coming?? &amp; what's on in romford then you wanna go fiction?
@50shadesofshea9 wanna pull some sorts &amp; bints haha
@50shadesofshea9 haha 'RomTing' yeah fam I'm on that ting, what time we meet blud, meet at your yard? Haha
Just gonna get even more stoned and abit more drunk, watch furngully and sleep..

Free day tomorrow. And I shall spend it wisely.
I want Frances bean Cobains voice to sit on my face...haha
Sky Ferreira. Frances Bean Cobain. Taylor Momsen.

The definition of perfection. Literally.


I just wanna go home.
Sia's music is just annoying..all sounds the same, like she TRYING her hardest to write a hit...

Just write a song mate.
Give me the power of the royal mint and I care not what the peoples leaders do, for I am their leader..this saying puts it into perspective.
The reason why the goverment won't imprison bankers is because the goverment is in debt too the bank. Haha pretty simple.
Oh wait, yeah, because we don't do drugs..right?

Mmm alcohol.

I'm not an alcoholic...I just drink untill the screaming in my head stops.

Hahah
My eyes are red
My eyes lids'a dropped
I thinks time for bed
But my mind just won't stop...
Did it make you feel bad when you cheated on your man last night?
Theres a million ways too go
Don't be embarrassed if u loose control
On the roof top now u know
Your bodies frozen and youve lost your soul


I will never get bored of michael jackson. Literally been obsessed with him for more than half my life. Not gonna stop now..haha

I'm out of touch

When I'm in this mood..

TheDrive 

Album1 Volume 3.5

'Aarrrrrgghhhhhh'
Too tell you the truth...

I despise your very being mate and especially the thing that makes you YOU..

I hate you and I wish you'd die.
There's a love between us still
But something's changed and I don't know why

Such a tune, the way she sings that shit is just aahh
Obsessed with shura. So fuckin 80's it's sexy.
Only 2 hours sleep...what is this fuckery man, shiiiiiiiiiiittttt!
You've taken too long
And baby your just 2shy too say it
We were trying to find a way to say high
And it didn't seem strange but it didn't work out
Maybe it was just the way it felt to me
When there's so much stuff on your mind till the point where your nose bleeds....might dip my chips in it.
Current mood. Shot. Gun. Bang. 
I recorded the sound of someone eating crisps and someone tapping a glass with their rings on today, after warping it it sounds pretty good.
Shower
Shit
Shave
Blunt
Bed
Not even going home..im going to bed haha
Buzzin for June.....CORNWALL! So excited. 

I just want a Cornish pastie, jazz and the beach..
just too fuckin awkward, got no time for people who make things harder than it needs too be. It's like..what the fuck are you waiting for ha
I'm going home soon

And when it's soon, I'm going too bed.
@TheMatthew22 yeah you too man, about a year ain't it haha
Gotta have some love for a packet of Parma Violets haha.
@TheMatthew22 most probably but not sure for defo man


I want to create an audio frame...like the kinda frame da vinci used for his art but and audio version

I want to frame my music with sound.

Shura are now my new favourite band/ artist.

I'm in love.
Jessie ware is a goddess.
I might start a band with Jessie ware...hahaha


Jessie ware is my inspiration when it comes to writing pop songs...so fuckin good at writing songs...


Everything's embaressing.
Pitta bread &amp; Houmous..

Proper Rock &amp; Roll.
@omicdaz @jackjonestv Hahahaha @50shadesofshea9 what you doin you nob head aarrhhhhghhh
Right so this is the third pair of jeans, ass cheeks, OUT! Haha
Weres the RedBull at mutha'fuckaaa!?
Very strange indeed..
Literally cannot wait too go too bed sha-turd.
You know when your really tired and your eyes burn...
I wanted an early night...

It's 5am. It's going too be a long ass day.
Munchies...means 1 thing.

OJ. 
Toasted brown pitta
 Houmous
Cold vegetable samosa's
And last but the classic......

POP TARTS!
I want too go too the most un-light polluted, darkest area of the planet and actually have look at the stars, I'm obsessed with space haha
Ghost poet is so good.
The new star wars film looks epic, actually cannot wait.
If I swallow some magnets...will that make me more attractive?
Aaahh home, in bed. 

William Burroughs 
Weed &amp; sarah vaughn playing in the background.

#bliss

My smell is a mix of leather, weed, alcohol and Burberry - the weekend haha..a nice mix I reckon.
Tired now...

Finish my present activity then..
Meal
Drink
Spliff
Bed
Done
@50shadesofshea9 YEEEESSS! Good sound man
Love this picture of ginge, all she needs is a pair of black boots...obv DMs and she is puss in boots. Haha :) 
TheDrive - Nails drawing blood with her eyes rolling back
                  Swaying back and forth now I'm pulling on her plat.
Might start rockin' the blue jeans again..

Blue jeans
White T shirt
Leather jacket
Black or Bleached hair

Real style.
Cool cats 

This kid in this studio...what an absolute goon.

Never met a cheese drip before..
Fender Jazz-master over any other fender any day.
So many people I know have died in recent years..and I'm going too write a song about them.

Anyone else wanna go before I write it?
Hence the saying....'the ball is in your court'
Love is like a game of tennis, you have too keep hitting the ball back otherwise if you dont....you'll just get bored.
When I play the piano I can do the best Randy Newman impression...love randy haha
Might just head down to the studio now instead of 8 fuck it...need to occupy my mind.

I hate thinking.
Viva la revolution.
@Newsweek haha 'gangs'
#Baltimore

Baltimore PEOPLE are NOT 'rioting' that's a word the media and governments use...I &amp; we call it STANDING UP FOR YOUR RIGHTS!
So worried &amp; scared for my nan, don't know what too do. Gotta have multiple ops done. If anything happens too her I'm gonna have a melt down
When in doubt about getting back too sleep....michael jackson.

The scripts fashion sense is just perfect. I want too know where they shop..
Fuck! There is enough lava in the yellow stone volcano to fill the Grand Canyon....11 time over!.

That's fuckin mental. When that goes off.

Dont know whats round the corner with this summer..might be moving to either Liverpool or Cornwall if I do then great..if I dont then great.
Love waking up half drunk with tragic dry mouth.....-_-

I'm so drunk....what am I doing!? Hahaha #FeelGood
Just gonna get blazed, go home &amp; go too bed. #sha #turd
Globo gym.

We're better than you!
And we know it.
@Vestaaxo haha :p good luck with it all wish you all the best although  you don't need it...your Lithuanian haha congratulations :) xo
@Vestaaxo it's because your Lithuanian ok, it's because your Lithuanian haha nah well done vesta! :)
I fuckin love football...

I'm forever a gunner.
Why is butchers face all swollen? His eyes look weird too...

Yeah he's been doing cocaine all day mate, can't you tell? Haha
Nothing like a scotch &amp; coke with Ice and a slice of lemon.

With a packet of the cheapest cigarettes going...Marlboro Red.

"Just a little off the sides"

Barber: "got you fam" 

Reading... 
Beautiful. 
So good to be in my own bed...

Aaaaaahh.
I love little ginge. 3 years ago, she was homeless...and I saved her and nurtured her kittens :) 
@50shadesofshea9 sup man, you wanna go out Friday down romford Orr?...come it has been a while haha neeer
Bed time.

Shat-turd.
As we left it.. 
Ravin in a field with all the guys again was just aaahhh! Dibben and higgle were on EVERYTHING. Hahaa nutters.

And he bought himself a new ride....'Tearin bruuh, shi'son' 
No where in particular.. 
Rael connected his phone to midi...sampling...creating sounds
#Weed #TheDrive #GoodTimes 
We bought a caravan...went too our old town and wrote this. 
Lord knows we needed that break...
Studio work on someone's track..get paid a nice amount of currency, then..

Shopping..then..I'm going to see my mum
Never date a spoilt American girl who's had everything handed too her her whole life...insanity.
Fuck! my eyebrow man looks so bad ha!
Your not even cool anymore..

Current mood..haha 
Aaaaaahhh home.

Haze. 
Maaaan...I look like sloth from the goonies Hahaha!

Bad fuckin times.
Soon as I get back too England I walk into a glass door...

My eye brow is now swollen. Haha

Miley Cyrus...you complete and utter whore.

The shit that bint does on stage is just grose.
If I had a daughter who looked up to her....
I hate planes...might walk back.
Apes are not the ancestors of humans....

Yes they are!

No they're not mate, why are they still here then??
The truth is everyone turns out too be a vile skid mark on the underpants of your life....so keep some loo roll near by :)
Waiting for a plane...really can't be bothered with tomorrow.
I want too live &amp; die here. Paris is my new home don't want too leave...

Although Spanish wine is better.
@50shadesofshea9 haha &amp; alright man cool
@50shadesofshea9 haha were you masturbating? &amp; oh ok man fair enough, Im about next Friday anyway if your free so give me a shout if ya want
Until further notice.....so long.
Paris here I fuckin come...get my wine and a place at the bar ready for 1..this shits getting sunk.
fuck this bollox, Im fuckin off for a while...

Theres always someone or something trying too put you down.
Cant deal with this shit no more
When 'someone' unfollows you thinking it's going to impact your life...
Im not a prick darlin ha I just dont trust females...well just people in general. If that makes me a prick then Im the biggest one you know.
Coloboma &amp; heterochromia 

Another phrase for half cat, half man...haha
I've got one green eye, one brown eye.
I've got a normal pupil and a cat pupil.

I am TheDrive...I am David Bowie's son.

Apparently.
Nom nom nom Aaah so sexy.
Hannah is such a bae. Bought me 2 Big Macs with 2 double cheese burgers with extra cheese. No ketchup though D':  ...
@50shadesofshea9 did you know it's coming up too about 5 months since we last met up haha..mental
@50shadesofshea9 but literally I didn't realise how much we haven't got done, DEFO next Friday man.
@50shadesofshea9 alright bread bin, I can't come out Friday got a lot of shizzlits going on, can defo do the Friday after if you want?
I was writing songs at 13-14, before I even knew how too play music...

I called it poetry.
4 hours sleep and I feel wide awake..what is this fuckery?
Not recording today...we're EXPERIMENTING.
Maddy.
Nothing like a late night stroll through the city, blunt in mouth, bottle in hand..and a gun at the ready.
don't worry...I'll Drive.
Right now could do with either just Playin a gig and letting loose and forgetting or just getting out of London and its perpetual bullshit.
I've got clyde barrow and caledon hockey hair cut...haha
I'm ugly and I know it.
Pretty depressed. Thinking about chris and that. Makes you realise you gotta grab every opportunity you can in life..your only get one shot.
RIP Chris McD :'( 

Still can't believe it. Feels like yesterday you were here jammin with us. Miss you forever man. Legend.

There is only ONE on this planet...and I have it haha
I had a pedal made a few months ago too make my guitar sound like it's crying...like a high pitched funky dub bass sound...and it's

Sexy
Bae.. 
Mmm a box of marijuanabis and a pot of hash. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF NON-ARTISTS. 
Such a babe man, fuck!
So fuckin wrecked, this years 4.20 has been a success...fun. Now to go home and either sleep or make some tunes with my bae's..
Has anybody seen my foot? 
#HydePark #420 Peace &amp; Love :)
Haha, just ripped the ass in my jeans...oh well NEVERMIND.



Shattered..
Thinking about changing the name to #TheDrive instead of TheDrive....when were out and people talk online, we will always be trending haha

GOD BLESS THE GALLAGHERS...

THEYRE GETTING BACK TOGETHER. ALLEGEDLY!

If they do then I'm just going too sit there and masturbate..haha
One more wrecked sesh, need too pass out before boarding the plane.
Flight back too blighty..used too love flying, not anymore.

Plane might go missing haha
Can't sleep..

When in pain, smoke weed and watch ancient aliens..
Feel ill, goin'sleep

YEEEEESSS! i won a bet for once!..

Today has been a good day.
-_- This is depressing. #COYG
YYEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH! Sanchez you babe! 

Keep it up arsenal...WIN and the drinks are on me!
The Dutch are beautiful people..love holland.
Wrote 3 songs today....success! ! !
...
Alcohol.
Haha. Brilliant. 
I've put 20 currency on arsenal too win. Wilshire won't play I reckon..arsenals form has been perfect lately, why change it?
'We've got too save the whales!'....

Well what the fuck are you doing too save them mate?
TheDrive

I stand before you, Watch me fall down too your feet
I really need too, find someone else too meet
Because that feeling has gone.
Prostitute..
Ch'yeah 1000watt subs...purely for the about of bass we utilise. 
Krist novoselic IS TheDrive.

So funny it hurts.
Liam &amp; Rael...

The next Lennon &amp; McCartney

Haha
TheDrive found a studio...now on TheDrive too the studio.

Let's home TheDrive is a pleasant one...

TheDrive..

drive'ya'cunt - Rael
Maaad! 
Yeah I was pretty H'eye' haha

Manga. With cheap felt tip pens. Grose. 
Been a pretty chill, relaxing day...

Not for long though...

P.A.R.T.WHY?

BECAUSE I GOTTA!...

Mask reference.
In a couple of hours all I'm going be singing on the plane is...

IM ON A PLANE!..
I CANT COMPLAIN!
Oh...well dam it is, bye world.

Shi'son
So many old photos on this laptop, crazy.
Every fucker here is a coke head - Noël Gallagher
Buried treasure. 
peaceful and quiet place...the sea front. All you hear are the ship bells rattling, the water washing and seagulls... 
Ridin' mutha fuckaa! 
Ch'yeah we cello taped frankie's doll hahahaha 
FUUUUUUCK! This was jokes.....we caught fish and got drunk :). 
From last summer, we did some shit back in the day In man....mmm got some druuuuuugsss, shi'son. Liam &amp; Rael quotes. 

@50shadesofshea9 hahaa I don't wear floral shirts &amp; I had my hair cut it's well short now, hate it...feels weird man
Dubstep, wait I mean 'rhythmic sound collage' is one of my favourite kind of music..
@50shadesofshea9 init I genuinely thought he was about 32 when I met him hahaha fuck man!
@50shadesofshea9  your obsessed with that kid man hahaa! Matt fuckin healy
This is what I see 65% of the day... 
Chloe moretz is gorgeous, Jesus Christ..


TheDrive - Hands 

Tune..
TheDrive

You gotta learn how to let go
She said she dont know how to love
let your hair flow out the window
Soon it won't seem so rough
Jelly tots!
TheDrive

All you got to do is greet me kindly
Dont run me down &amp; try too defeat me
I want to meet your loudest silence 
Yeah its you I want
Me &amp; the team are contemplating having a spontaneous trip to DAM tonight for a couple days...great atmosphere for writing 

:)
TheDrive

Theres no difference between you &amp; I
We believe the same thing, heads in the sky
One more line &amp; I'll give it a try
Hi bye
I hate Courtney love...although back in the day, I would've.

Haha
Liam, do you want to make some music?..

Erm NO!...but the opposite of what I just said.
Static. 
The Birds are singing!
Love the atmosphere of the world just as the sun is rising..beautiful.
Aaah bright and early.
Chicken salad &amp; Red Wine..

Fan'dabby'dozey 

#Pub #SummerFood #healthy



Choon! It's about being hooked on weed and watching time flow by.
Me time over...off too meet the crew for a nice cold brew....alcohol.
Lurking in the light of the night. VLAD THE IMPALER. 
I take the most random pictures of the most random things haha
I hate seeing benches all alone....feel like I need too keep it company. 
I got lost earlier....I followed the purple mud road. 
@50shadesofshea9 yeah man nd matt?
@50shadesofshea9 haha first time I saw him he was wearin a blazer, baggy jeans a fedora and Nike tempo AstroTurf football boots Hah that kid
This looks pre-historic...#Beautiful #nature #water 
Gone too the moon in chucks.. 
The image of death.. 
Love waking up early, having a shower and going out....without drying my hair.

So refreshing. :) 

...and it's going too be sunny. All good
The new york accent on women is so sexy oh my god!
Strolling round primrose hill in the lights with this warm weather, a drink, spliff and mad'merican in hand...What a babe

#CHIC #Love #Fun
#pub #WestEnd #CHIC #CounterCultureCrew #Represent #Bae #Nevermind #FoolWithTheirGold
Pub time with the ogars &amp; bints....

Fuckin right n'all
I've been turned on by kraftwerk...cool band
Focus.
@50shadesofshea9 oi if I can make it when we go out bring that blonde kid with the pony tail, I'll bring some marijuanabis haha
@50shadesofshea9 hahahahaha! The shit that kid inbox that girl Jayne remember? Poor girl haha kid has no shame
88 days until my birthday.
88 days until my pilgrimage too bude jazz festival.

A hog roast on the beach with alcohol is what is all about.
She knows Lucy 
She's seen her diamonds
She came down from the sky
And brought us diamond lions
Of too record some sound and vibration aka music
You know the place 'YATES'?...

Is that a franchise by 'Reggie Yates'?..

Serious question.
Wednesday &amp; Thursday means one thing......

Bear brylls: The Island.
@50shadesofshea9 I don't have facebook or his number so I can't get hold of thaaaat kid haha
@50shadesofshea9 haha jezza aaaa'Th'th'th'th'th'thop'it
Aaahh summer is on it's way! London in the summer is fun.
So tired,I'm going too collapse my mind and go too bed
Along the city waaaaaaayy!
The longest way too go
Along the city away is in my...

FUCK YOU JUST GO AND SMASH THE DOOR!
Game Of Thrones REALLY doesn't appeal too me. Its just a boring show that's been thrusted upon humanity by corps telling you too like it...
@50shadesofshea9 should be*
@50shadesofshea9 yeah should man, hopefully anyway haha I'm backin bruuuvv
@50shadesofshea9 haha funny shit man!
Fun shoot today, after we got stoned and went too the science, natural history, London dungeons and the war museum...one word.

WOOAAH!
This cardigan goes down too my knees, literally look like batman...
Change of plan...vampire mode ON! 
Too tired for this..nice day though :)
Photo shoot at 10, better be some cuties there or else haha
There's probably going too be more than 50 tracks on this album to be honest.
TheDrive - I see AAALLLIIIIIEENNNNNSSSS!
We christened my friends car last night
Smoking out till eleven 
Got really stoned, laid on a field 
And gazed at the stars of heaven
I looked forward too seeing you today
You wanted too see me
At the skate park drinking and smoking
It's 10am and we don't mind
Tonight you look so beautiful in the light
But in my mind I wanna die
Grandad died of a heart attack this morning
I cant find peace of mind
Aaahh my bed is better than yours.
@50shadesofshea9 hahah steeeve, that kid
@50shadesofshea9 siik, remember that Steve coogan and rob Bryson thing? My name is michael Caine haha
Yeah she sells weed 
So it's alright, were up all night
TheDrive 

Jen in her crack den
Up at the crack of dawn
All she wants is a friend
Her possession of too pawn

But she sells weed.
TheDrive - Addiction

CHOON.

I'm gonna do a drive soon and just get rid off and STAY off ALL social media accounts I have...keep the hype natural.

#BecomeAMyth
#TheDrive 

God of the Underground scene...already.
Today was banta! #BantaSquad
They want us back too play a paid gig next week though because we doubled their profits for the first time in 2 years..have a laugh mate haa
We owe £5000 in damages from that gig....done a paid for :)
@BEAUTIFULPlCS reminds me of the fields near my old town...miss that place.



@50shadesofshea9 oi remember that bloke in the pub hahah the streets

Can't sleep, bored as fuck and I CANT SEE SHIT!
I haven't tried too sleep in darkness in ages, feels weird..
In the middle of a game of FIFA and this bollocks happens. These poxy water ass holes! Hahaa
An actual power cut has happened, get the candles out!!
The light goes out when it's already dark
In my eye the light leaves a mark
Down I go too flick the fuse on
Oh wait, it's not broken.
Power cut...great.
@HoldMyBeerGif hahah! Poor cat
Who's bad
Who's bad
Who's bad
Your tellin me
Your doing wrong?
I'm gon'av e'cigarette (Scottish accent)

@50shadesofshea9 I've lost control again'niiieerrggghhh haha sounds cool man wanna hear it!
These water assholes
6 mins
Informational

One thing that makes you age is gravity pulling down on you....go in space Kim kardashian haha
If you think about it, once you leave the atmosphere there's no up or down so your just...there, existing. Aka reality.
@StationCDRKelly so beautiful, I love our planet, wouldn't mind trying some place different though..
Guys...if jayz can get Beyoncé, there's hope for us all!
I'm just gonna go and play some FIFA now haha
@50shadesofshea9 oh yeah Ive heard of that road, haha cock road...I prefer vagina lane studios though LOL nd sik man what kinda style is it?
Stairs are covered in water
The walls floating like stars
I understood when I fort her
It was like earth against mars
How can you go too Amsterdam and not even go in a coffee shop once? What you going there for? Fashion advice from the whores?
Pizza. Drinks. Music. Backstage. Love.
Uk rowwwiiiiiiing

Mmm, if you don't like sangre, you don't like life. 
After yesterday shinanigans I bought a new geetar, a left handed Strat..its goin to live a short but infamous life today #LetsGoFuckinMental
I might buy a white maker pen and just get some random people to write random shit on my leather jacket...be pretty cool I think. :)
Sex pistols...at their gaff.

The skip. 
If I don't have a shave soon I'm going too be at risk of looking abit like Turk Bocain....I mean kurt cobain haha 
I always get knocked back haha story of my life mate.
Bacon, egg, mushroom and tomato baguette...WITH ketchup and brown sauce. Great.
What a night.
Too the alcohol dispensaries.
Book of revelation - 4 angles will descend upon the earth with faces of men but with the hair of women....

Us. Haha
We live in an up tight society....so let's give everyone an out let and a place to get MAD! - TheDrive
It's a fuckin riot man! Hahah destruction solves everyone's problem....

Join in.
I need a new guitar now...hahah
This venue is fucked, we decided before the show to smash EVERYTHING up...

So did the audience...no bar...no equipment...a law suit pending
I can go through a half bottle of whiskey like is a door...
Backstage...there's a mood in the air.
@50shadesofshea9 yeah man fuck uni haha nd siiiik! What studio you go? Nd YES! Is it an lp or just an ep?
@50shadesofshea9 eeoouuuh! Haha hows things going man, band going anywhere? When can I hear your shizzlits man!? Haha shizzle my nizzle bruv
Ahhh home....I can watch bear brylls island now :), love that shit.
TheDrive - Hand Me A Gun. 
Jack Johnson is one of my bestestest mates, I love him, literally. I want his babies..

I'm now pregnant.
I bought these chelsea boots about 2 months ago....I now need a new pair #Reckless
#Alcoholism is my religion.
Never go for the way she/he looks...personality is more important seen as that's what you communicate with. :) #LadsChat
Going for a drive...with TheDrive.
I can just imagine the outrageousness that would be going on....shoot some guns!
Dude! Dan bilzerian is holding a party at his house in LA and there's a completion too join him at his house with Steven aoki....I entered
Chuck norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck norris can dry his hands in water.
Some people wear superman pajamas...superman wears chuck norris pajamas.
Chuck norris doesn't need a watch!...HE decides what time it is.
When chuck norris does a press up, he does push him self up, he pushed the earth down.
There is no actual theory of evolution...just a list of animals chuck norris allowed to live.
Chuck norris got bit by a rattle snake once...after 3 days of pain and agony...the snake died.
Chuck norris doesn't call the wrong number...you answer the wrong phone.
Chuck norris can cut through a hot knife with butter.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity...twice.
Chuck norris doesn't read book...he stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris made a happy meal cry...
Do you wanna know how the Grand Canyon was really formed?...

Chuck Norris decided too swim through land
Chuck Norris died 25 years ago in a car accident...

Death just hasn't plucked up the courage too tell him yet.
Camdens soul food.

Perfection.
Any word with 'ington' at the end is my favourite...

Lamington..
Mad'merican
With babes haha
While my guitar gently weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeps
I'm literally just going too eat pure protein just so my hair grows faster...hate half short hair
I stink of weed and alcohol..allegedly.
I love second hand shop, the little treasures you find.
I'm not the only one
Shut up and hand me my gun
You don't have too spoil my fun
I just wanna run
Run
Run
Run
RUUUUUUUAAAAHH! - TheDrive
Chilli dog time!

I might go shake shack for lunch...

There chilli dogs are so nice.
There making a GTA movie...

There is a reason for everything now.
Music isnt about doing impressions of your heros

play and express what you feel, then you have a right too call it music
When I was in year 6 I used too break open those smelly pens and sniff the vapour...

I also ate the ink from a banana one too.
It's really fuckin early -_-
Mcdonalds ALWAYS makes things better, good night humanity. I love you x
When the eventuality of my death occurring all I want is people to remember.....

I'm not like you.
TREES. 
You only learn how too let go
When the rush comes ahead...
You gotta learn too got with the flow 
With you sun coming through the window
TheDrive - I see the walls as they sleep
                  I look down I see your feet...in bed!
So glad I'm recording a multi genre album.....I'd get bored other wise...
I hate it when you smile
It's always against me
I'll always wait a while
But now you offend me
But oh well, NEVERMIND
Dara &amp; Eds great big adventure is the only thing I watch on TV...

Love those kind of shows.
Francie McGlynn is pastel god!
Actually in a good mood for once haha :)
Life isnt about the destination, were your going is were youll end up...

It's about the journey, who you meet and what you do along the way
What a crazy girl....mad'merican
If you listen too 5 seconds of summer or the vamps or any other band like them then your a retarded ass hole who needs a good slap
It's that time of day again...alcohol!

Bye world.
The 60's version of Bonnie and Clyde will always be the best one. I don't care
It's not that I don't like you...

I just don't trust you.
@50shadesofshea9 hahah that bench
Eternal sunshine of a spotless mind is one of my favourite films of all time...gonna watch it. :)
Long walk home...legs are better than wheels.
Bit weird I met this girl about 3 hours ago...she asks me if I'd go and have dinner with her

Now I'm on my way too have dinner with her...
@jackjonestv haha! Come me too meeeee
I'm going to grow my hair like krist novoselic.
Come on over and do the twist!
Aaaahhaaaa!
Love you so much it makes me sick!
Aaaahhaaaa!
Were all alone on this god forsaken rock...just that were all alone with everybody else. :)
I'm so ugly but that's ok cause so are you
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah!
Forever writing poetry
So tired and ABIT hungover...

And my body decides too fall into a bush. -_-
Well that escalated quickly.

Im going on a date later haha

Sometimes in life you just gotta grab the wheel and DRIVE
What with yolo n that
Rambo: first blood

Great movie
Forever an insomniac
When the eventuality of me seeing my mum again finally happens Im just going to take my grandads shotgun n shoot some chickens in the field.
@TheoRobbo @jackjonestv Hahahaha wakey wakey!.....

What you doing you cunt @50shadesofshea9
So drunk, death would be a better ottiopn
If I was too shout out at the top of my voice I'd only reach about 0.05% of my frustration.

So angry yet I'm a peace with it.
Always alone, alone with my brain
Family abandoned me, gone insane
Throw a dog a bone again n again
But I'll always be the same till the end
Liam don't you want the lid?

No it's cool man, this bottle is coming too an end soon anyway...
TheDrive - Bruised fruit

Fuckin tune!
Eating bruised fruit, straight out the bin
Round the back of co-op, we're all skint
Find something too eat, I'm on the brink
We're skating!
@50shadesofshea9 that wind Haha....'why is it every time I walk out my fuckin house its either windy or rainin, FUCK MY LIFE' - j.shea haha
Success!!
Midnight adventure: in search for copious amounts of alcohol.
Really want some pizza but it hurts too eat
So I roll up a rizla and start eating your feet

HUNGGGGRRRRYYY!
I want too run away too bude, Cornwall. Last memories I have of my family being together when I was 10.....that's all I need.


Can't wait for Cornwall jazz festival. Is going too be be sexy
@HoldMyBeerGif hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaa! Dude, there's a MASSIVE wall of glass there!
My goal for this year is too go too LA again too see my uncle AND too play The Viper Room with my band...

We'd tear it up. #TheDrive
I get bored of things and people 
I get sawn in half
I've got two rings too take too the steeple
But i should have a bath
Because I'm dirty


This is a great band.
Sky Ferreira is so beautiful man.
You take advantage while!
You hanging me out too dry
But I can see you every night!
Free!
I had a dream about Patricia arquette....it was a good dream, a very good dream.
I fell asleep with my shoes on...nice and toasty!
Shouldn't have slept that long...but MORNIN'! :)
How do you break a blonde girls nose?....

Hold your dick under a glass table.
@50shadesofshea9 blitz*
@50shadesofshea9 haha when you used too come into college like....'-_- huff.. it's fuckin outside' haha 'this FUCKIN! wind, I tell you what'
After riffing for 8 hours straight, I'm glad today is over...

I got blisters on my fingers
I'm ill
I'm tired
And I want my bed
I really shouldn't wear white t shirts...I end up ruining them in a day.
I can't sleep...might write a song
Bed.
Seen as I have a new skateboard now im just gonna skate around all day, smoke a jay and make some vibes...
You can either die a hero, or you can live too see yourself turn into the  bad guy.
Don't worry baby! Everything will turn out all right! This place has some fuckin tunes going man.....shiiii'son!
I'm going to go a get drunk......HAWLEY ARMS!
@jackjonestv mate I tell ya! These videos your putting out are pure gold, huge fan of your man! Work for that TV show son! Haha :)
@ClassicPixs I can see Einstein's secret too his success.....5th shelf up....he was toking in his last days haha :)
@50shadesofshea9  YOUVE RRRRRRRUUUUIIIN MA NEWW SOOOOOOOOOT YA CONT! Hahaha that bloke
@50shadesofshea9 I just got rinsed rinsed rinsed hahaha
I buy most of my clothes in the woman section in charity shops nowa days hahah...just picked up a tastey leopard print fur coat for a fiver.
Dude...where's my car?..

Where's your care dude?...
London is so beautiful at this time in the morning....so fresh.
April 10th that kurt cobain movie 'montage of heck' is out.......

I'm there!
Just woke up and now I can't sleep...I wrote a song about that shit....-_-

TheDrive - Fast asleep.wake up.can't sleep.
I might aswell be a bat...I'm so blind.
Some of these songs going on the album sounds like earth wind and fire but produced by mark ronson
I wanna find out what the voynich manuscript is...
I'd say Cypress hills black Sunday album is one of my favourite albums of all time. With the sounds and rhythms it's genius.
Oh my depression and anxiety at the same time, hate this.
When I grow up I wanna be Fred Astaire.
T'is an official fact that TheDrive will be playing 2 shows at a festival in Spain....that's mental. BRING ON THE SPANIARDS!
I've decided I'm literally not going to cut my hair for 6 months....it's too fuckin short I hate it. I'm actually soo angry with myself...
'All I want is baby blue eyes'...

Yeah so do I mate, but you can't have baby blue eyes.
@50shadesofshea9 wet...I'm feeling wet haha. Camel toe
@50shadesofshea9 the way he says 'blasted' that lossy got BLLLLLAsted no cont leave here till we find out what cont did'et haha
@ClassicPixs love this!
You do realise when the Moon turns red it is a sign of the apocalypse...just saying

It's in the book of revelations...
You don't know what insomnia is untill you've been up literally the whole night not being able too sleep....gotta soldier on though!
Seen as I gotta be up in 30 mins I think it's fair too say I'm gonna have a hard day today. But I've been through worse. Bring on later!!
Can't actually sleep....so gutted about getting my haircut! :( haha I haven't missed something this much in a long time! Bit sad but -_-

I forgot how funny dodgeball the film is hahaha. Classic.
'Nobody let's me bleed my own blood, nobody!' - dodgeball
'I can't go back too training in high school, come one!, they'll lock me in lockers and make me eat clay' - dodgeball
The amount of people I've been compared too I might aswell not be Liam....
Hahah oh my!, so every has seen my hair cut right and then jimbo comes out with 'ooh weres kat slater gone?'....allow your self mate haha
I'm off to get drunk....bye world!......hello Liam world, occasionally Tim Burtons world.
Really need too see this Justin Bieber roast...I'd love to be roasted. Just too see what people would say haha
Thinking I might grow a beard, i need a soup strainer...
Wheezy might be going Spain too do a gig...if we do then.....well it's going too be a joyous trip.
Although I've still got the same hair cut, I am going to miss being able to tie my hair up.....miss it already :(
Had my hair cut today....more hair came off my head than any of the other 4 guys next too me put together. Could have made a wig with it...
Watching 'Looper' on BBCiplayer...pretty tastes film....
Fuck that journey I'm staying here, shower, drink, cigarette, bed. Done.
Hey look! It's Ronald Wesley!....oh wait, it's just a plane flying through some clouds....it's just a plane.
I need a slim fit pin stripe suit in my life........a'down too the Tailors.
I just got told I look like a young Benico Del Toro from snatch haha probably the best comparison I've had...
Might go and see my mum tonight, t'as been a long time....back too the middle of nowhere for a few nights with the B.O.C Crew hahah!
Aaw Bless her RIP Cynthia Lennon.
I'm flossin' @50shadesofshea9 haha
This studio is too fuckin hot. Can't think right...
@50shadesofshea9 hahaha ooh good, I was thinking about getting you some Daisy's, see how they get on haha
@50shadesofshea9 hahah look I'm not a fockin botfly and thass theee end'i'it hahaha end'i'it. It's just the way he talks haha cerds
Driving to the place but with my head out the window
Just in case I though I'd bring my pillow - TheDrive
I've gone through a half bottle of whiskey and I'm not even tipsy.....what is this fuckery?.
I've always wondered what the universe would look like if it was lit up...would it be white or...?
Im going too teach myself Spanish seen as I can speak abit of french I think its time too upgrade my language capabilities #ILoveLiterature
Passion is all you need.
I think Tim a Burton is a genius when it comes to making film. Love him.
Dara Ó'brains confused face is god.
I love you but baby you didn't hear that..
Your the reason why I'm high, The reason why I feel bad
I'm thinking about it again, one I had.
I prefer my own company but I hate being alone
I know it's hard for you too forgive but I've blown, it
I know

#TheDrive
FUCKIN'ELL just dropped my iPhone in the toilet......t'is fucked.

I've gone through probably about 4 phones this year already...dumb bint
#beforeandafter hahaha 
@50shadesofshea9 I did actually, poker?, abit of blackJack? haha
@50shadesofshea9 oh right how's work growing by the way haha
Jesus Christ lord above I've cause a stir on Instagram with that photo hahah sort it out humanity...
I can literally rhyme anything about anything...

BUT mainly about shit that's happened too me...
Kiss me, I'm running out of breath
hearts beating too fast 
like I'm gonna be dead
Too much speed not enough rest
run run here come the Feds
I love dave chappelle, so funny.
What is Emoji's??
When I go somewhere there is always 5 pricks in a Clio willing too shout obscenities at me...

I reckon it's because I'm just such a sort...
ALCOHOL!
@50shadesofshea9 aaaaayeee rent boy......you better brling me down a fockin smooock
@50shadesofshea9 haha where were you going?

Water rock/pop is going to be the next bigger and better thing I reckon....and I shall be king of it.
Stop hating on the Illuminati.
Your feed them guys, stop earning money if you hate them #CutTheCycle #revolution #TheDrive #The4FallenAngles
#dontvote nothing happens.

Who ever gets in ain't gonna solve the problem, it's just going too continue. #CounterCulture #revolution #life
You know that you always lie
I know that I'm always diggin'
But we know this is good bye
Now I'm always thinking..
about how were gonna die
Don't think I don't pay attention...I do

Just not when your looking.
RedBull &amp; Marlboro Red....

Everything HAS to be red.
I'm going too buy myself a saxophone and I am going too teach myself how too play it....i am!
@50shadesofshea9 hahahahaha maaaaate 'NOOOOBODDYY MOOOOOOVE!!' What about the cigarette flick, ggrrrhhhhhhh listen her ya CONT!

@50shadesofshea9 yeah his bass playing though is sik but that bloke......WILLLKOOOO hahaha
@50shadesofshea9 haha yeah near gidea park? He did some hench shit outside the station man
I hate my self and I want too die....
Dominos or Pizza Hut?....

Thai.
Everyone love my dog, he's like a bear, Red &amp; Black char pei's are rare, but his personality is rarer, Lad. 
@50shadesofshea9 maaate that bass haha oi 17 secs in that bloke hahaha WILLLLKOOOO!


I cant be taught anything, I have too teach my self. Pretty much the reason why I was shit at school and cant get past 3 driving lessons. Ha
I've got a guilty pleasure for madonna...especially her swollen veins.

No but seriously she was sexy in the 80's

I literally can never get bored of listening too the same song over and over again. When I'm into it, that's it...it becomes a story....
@50shadesofshea9 haha CHET

Wait lyrikal you like Chet baker? Haha
Who's this shadow holding me hostage 
I've been here for days
And darling I'll..be..loving you..till..were 70
All ready for the night recording sesh...let the creativity flow and don't get in the way of it...just let it come out
Yeah I got one directions album blastin out hahahahaha not a fan but their album FOUR is sik...let me change your ticket home! Don't gooooo
Either this is a super size marshmallow or I've accidentally step infront of rick moranis shrinking lazor, either way 
I've been walking around all day with a rip in the ass of my jeans I didn't even notice...dick'ed
TheDrive - #CounterCulture

The film true romance makes my anxiety go through the roof for some reason...
I always said if I had too fuck a guy like HAD TO and my life depended on it...

I'd fuck elvis
@50shadesofshea9 mate I had a piss on stage in a bottle last night whilst sing a song call 'Pissin' haha couldnt of timed it better I reckon
@50shadesofshea9 hahahahaha aah in the canteen that flop of nature L Gay....ooooooiii lyyyrriikkaaallll
@50shadesofshea9 haha 'chezeray' that kid
I sold my soul last night...

And I bought a new one
RIP
Masturbating is fun... when someone else is at hand.
I don't even care anymore...not that I ever did, just go with what happens. if your the opposite then get a life man. NOTHING IS IMPORTANT.
Yeah of course! You can talk to me if you want to, I have no objections. Why would I??
It's going too be a long night with a bottle and some cigarettes I can assure you man. There's no end to this story.
It really doesn't seem like 03.13 am

More like 03.13 pm

Too much eerrmm........I guess.
If theres one thing that matters with music is its live interaction with fans...if you don't have that integration itll get picked up wrong
I want a girlfriend like Courtney love...

A girl that would kill me in cold blood at my happiest...
weird yet the most normal thing for me to experience Is not really having a family, last time I remember being in a family was 12 years ago.
I look like kurt cobain Except instead of dying my hair blonde, I go black

Saying that I WILL be bleaching my hair soon so...HEROIN!
@50shadesofshea9 DONT FUCKIN STAND ON IT!

Oh right, fuck man sorry hahaha thaaaat kid!
@50shadesofshea9 hahaa, Alex Alex, ALEX Steve tried selling me some weed!

DO YOU THINK ITS FUNNY TRYING TOO SELL SOMEONE SOME WEEEEEEED!
@50shadesofshea9 YEEEESSS haha maaate chezerays helper. Fuckin sort man. Back in the day aye haha
Your trying too portray and pretending to be a depressed scag head when really you've never even finished a cigarette - Liam Ryan
Can't wait for tonight...do you know why?!?

Because TONIIIGHT IM A ROCK AND ROLL STAAASRR!

But for reals I am...
When shit hits the fan, keep calm and pretend to be snoop dogg...

Everything's cool.
She kisses a guy every weekend at the same place
She expects to find him
She misses the lie in herself, again
Alone in bed with a lay in
@50shadesofshea9 sex, drugs &amp; camel toe ha!
'Play with knives and you'll get cut
But your cutting holes in my t-shirt' - TheDrive
People say science and religion are at war on a subliminal level...

I think they go hand in hand.
Sex, drugs, Pitta bread &amp; houmous
Obsessed with dipping toasted pitta bread in houmous...my favourite snack to have at the moment...

So good!
Going high brow now...a bottle of red with pitta bread and houmous.

Sexy. 

Back too the healthy diet.
When I ask my weed dealer for a score bag all he says is...

YEAH YEAH ITE DEN BLUD ILL DROP IT OFF...

Every time.

YEAH YEAH!!
So liam, uh how does it feel wearing blue jeans for once?...

It's feels, it's feels right brian...it's feels right.

Ive got drunk with them
Ive got high with them
Ive got lost with them
I got found with them
I got caught with them

We are...

#TheDrive
I've had the same jeans on for four days now,
I'm gonna go to a disco in the middle of town
Everybody dressing up, I'm dressing down....
@50shadesofshea9 ha! Cameltoe. What a word.
@50shadesofshea9 haha sounds like an excuse jezza the slut would use 'no no no it was my grandads birthdayerr' haha that kid, yeah soon man!
@50shadesofshea9 we'll come up with a day that's convenient man. Bless, rinsed, moist clam, thaaaaaat kid haha
@50shadesofshea9 nd aah sorry man I didn't realise, I fort you forgot haha you didn't say anything nd then I had these booking nd shit
@50shadesofshea9 haha I'm joking mate if you can't make it then dont worry s'not the end of the world haha :)
Woke up 20 mins ago...I've now got a guitar strapped to me, the same jeans on, hoodie, sunnies, cigarette and sippin on a drink from yest..
My legs are killing me.
@50shadesofshea9 ohh fuckin'ell I'm only free this Friday then I've got a lot on, I won't even be free on Sundays haha come don't be gay hah
I love Ian Dury.
Everything sucks.
And now time to drown my sorrows...waaaaay Into tomorrow's liiiiight.
@50shadesofshea9 like...I'm defo gonna be around on Friday so don't plan anything haha, I wanna go down romford
@50shadesofshea9 defo free next Friday I've refused to play any bookings so well go she I some cameltoe at cameltoe if ya want
Back on at 10 past. #LoveTheLove
Right...I said 'whiskey preferable if not wine or rum'.....

I've got a glass of beer....#crying
Having fun in the car on a mac with a Big Mac and chips #TheDrive 
Northern lights here we come.
These chucks have lasted me 7 years...they skated, ran, been in Bham crouch river, lost and theyre still here #ImKing 
Zayn malik...your bird ain't that fit mate, there isn't ACTUALLY a world jealous of or hot for perrie...Rihanna yes, kendall yes but perrie?
Spilling out riffs #RnB #Rock #drunk #high #TheDrive #Fun #Life #LiamFuckinRyan
TheDrive - You judge by what you see, How can you judge at all
                  All you see is me, as I fall down two foot small
@50shadesofshea9 that moist bint haha
@50shadesofshea9 masturbation is key to success in this racket my friend haha
Thursday means one thing...alcohol, weed, music, recording night sesh and roof top...sex.
Oh my...I need too see this new kurt cobain movie looks PRETTY mental.
'Well liam said it so it must be true' 

'Whst ever liam says, goes'
Steak fillets. Sexy.
Oooo I don't wanna go
You haven't even got your shoes on
Oooo I know wanna know
But I guess I have to get a move on
Wow, this song is coming out fuckin amazing, I never used too like listening too my own song but now...well I'm obsessed with my own music.
'Daddy'...'yes son?'...'people at school say we're posh, are we posh?'...'no son...we're arts and crafts'.
So going Cornwall in July/august for the jazz festival and after that I will consider thinking about going to Liverpool or bude in Cornwall.
Horror movie time, get the cushions at the ready...ha
RedBall &amp; Marlboro Red...

Everything #Red
Herby janitor! She's fallen down the well'eerrggg!
@50shadesofshea9 hahaa one direction and the flid
I don't want too sing your silly little love songs anymore Paul! I quit the band.
@50shadesofshea9 'when liam realised there was a free place in one direction...' Ha 
@50shadesofshea9 allow youurrr seeeellff bruuuvv ha more like one direction and...that kid

hahaha
@50shadesofshea9 hahaa! Mate I actually would...imagine me in one direction haha!!
cant have top gear without Clarkson doing his over pronunciation cool narrating over a purring engine. @JeremyClarkson @BBC #BoycottBBC
If #JeremyClarkson has been sacked for being an idiot, then surely #DavidCameron should be sacked...infact all of them

Clarkson is a legend
Mmm yellow toast...
The euphoria of being in a creative moment whilst in the process of creating is better than anything...ever.
When it comes too magik, don pay attention to the distraction.
@50shadesofshea9 hahaa who's this guys Simon yemmzzzeerrggh...I don't know but he rinsed it
@50shadesofshea9 haha a tup of cea
@50shadesofshea9 hahah when 'or am I' comes into it means your defiantly suppressing something hahah
@50shadesofshea9 aaahh I know your suppressing love for the male physique hahaha! Jokes
It's true, I worship Aleister Crowley...

Not everyday though.
Indie, britpop, grunge, metal, hip hop, rnb, electronic, house, dubstep ect.....it's all dead.

It's do what thou will time...
I'm just a good looking ugly person with a passion for art...

That's it basically.
Wish I was Jordan Belfort...
Getting that anxious feeling again....walkies!
@50shadesofshea9 Steve riks 'ringing makes a slice of toast' haha
@50shadesofshea9 if you can watch the video, it's bun man haha
@50shadesofshea9 I got more muscle in my pants than she has in her arm haha! Nah allow her tits moving when she tenses haha
@50shadesofshea9 haaaa! Pete best 'ssssssseven'
@50shadesofshea9 I kna man so sad, killed himself didn't he?
@50shadesofshea9 haha 'a loop'
@50shadesofshea9 haha his Freddie mercury is genius
@50shadesofshea9 there was a link I linked it again some sort doig weight lifting hahah!
@TheGodOfComedy @DemianRX @50shadesofshea9 would ya?? Haha sort...
@50shadesofshea9 would ya? Haha
I like to put people off me by my excessive use of life...
In an earth, wind and fire mood...get that groove on!
I reckon I could have than posh bloke on goggle box at a drinking contest...easily
We all live on 1 rock hurtling through space together...but I want my own rock were I can hurtle through space by my self, with my own sky..
Couldn't give a fuck about'ch'you!
The amount of alcohol I've drunk these past few weeks has been biblical! Literally parted the seas with my mouth, Some more? :)
Alcohol is my only friend 
So I'll befriend the alcohol
Until the very end...
now catching up on star gazing live...I used to stand in the middle of a field behind my old house, get high and look as space...t'was fun.
NO! Lil chris man...heartbreaking. RIP keep checkin it out! @CJHardman
Really need to delete twitter, it's so shit. Mac!? Come too me!
3 shows in 2 days, fri-Saturday...yes! Even though we're not ment too be...-_-
Why am I even doing this...allllooowwww.
Chillin with a big back of beef space raiders...sexy.
Hhhmm takeaway or 2 tesco meal deals? Haha
What people seem to forget about the beatles is....they weren't rock and roll at all. They were an R'n'b group. #TheBeatles #FactOfTheDay
A taste of honey, tasting much sweeter THAN WINE!
3
2
1
As
Easy
C
B
A
What a day man no sleep last night and scouting good locations around London for videos and photos isnt easy! Head ache, feet hurt and yeah
@joannahalpin so gorgeous 'they say the eyes are a window into the soul, and I can tell your soul is beautiful haha :)
@50shadesofshea9 top boy top boy tosser tosser (turns round and does the face) ha!
@50shadesofshea9 where did you get that!...canteen, it's 's'loop soup' hahah
Got out of gidea park STN and a homeless shouts fuck it's Jesus! so I turn to the side, spread my arms and defy gravity david blain style...
Insomnia! Hey how you doin?
I say things people cant respond to
I think things that people cant relate to
But it's now that I need it the most
It's now I need you close
Aaahh nothing brings joy to my heart more than my guitar, a pen and a piece of paper, literally NOTHING.
TheDrive EP.3

Addiction 
Down and out
The lost boy
Alone.with.every.body.else
Wrapped up rollin'
The following over rated....

Everyone.
I'm in love with francis bean Cobains face...what a babe.
How the fuck can there be a water shortage? We're has it all gone then, did some of it grow a rocket a fuck of into space?...the goverment..
Weed.
I'm a drifter babe, I've been all over. 

I'm the uk's most wanted...
Can't believe I've come all the way to Romford for this bollocks.
Wait what...I'm not even hung over? Why do I feel refreshed? This doesn't add up.

Were the calculator?.
I wish I was dead, I wanna blow off my head
But I want my bed, I share with you but wait....THE FEDS
Im like David Bowie (eyes) meets michael jackson, meets prince, meets john lennon, meets kurt Cobain, meets Fred Astaire, meets russel brand
A celebratory party is in the works...TheDrive to camden is about to commence...in an earth wind a fire mood though...
@50shadesofshea9 mate check this out son! Fuckin insane the amount of people that were there. I felt like liam gallagher hahah mad for it
A tad drunk and VERY emotional after tonight. Makes us realise how big we can be....we can be a PROPER band now. Dream, and it WILL happen.
15 mins a we are on for half an hour off for half an hour and back on again for half an hour.....we're playing more tonight than any of them
@50shadesofshea9 shut up LJ mcChutney you walked in ollie said it was a loop...you got RINSED! (high voice)
@50shadesofshea9 haha and if your lucky you'll be aloud to dig deep for some camel toe jam haha!
Bless my uncle chris for coming, been a massive help with this music thing fact he worked with U2 and he looks like Peter Gabriel HAHA!...
So one of the bands playing can't make it...now we have a 1 hour slot, fuck! Better get our fingers out our asses....
Last 'practise' gig coming up tonight, I love playing live, it's my new love...although I look like a lost grunge punk uni girl with a mic..
Ha! Fuckin Liam Gallagher
Don't cry for me Im already dead
Clutching a rose tight too my chest
Bottles and ends litter the floor
Whilst the lost poets rot to the core

Mmm Saturday night live with TheDrive...
Aaw bless my mum, I love her. She is like a skinny dawn french meets Zoe ball haha
A shot of whiskey
A shot of rum
A shot of tequila 
A shot of vodka
Topped of with baileys...in a pint glass...whilst rehearsing

Drunk sesh.
That drink over there is asking me too drink it, but NO! I will not...

Or will I?
Really wanna go out tonight man right in the mood for it...
@50shadesofshea9 haha that phrase!...camel toe makes me crease
@50shadesofshea9 haha thaaaaat Kidd Sid of ice age haha
This is what my fortune cookie said..better be a major record deal and a 2 years world tour or I'm at war with china. 
Sound 'a' gate 'a' studios
I want too eat Francis Cobains socks.
Cunt! These fuckin clouds man so pissed off, stayed up to watch the eclipse....didn't even fuckin see it. Prick.
They say weed is a gateway drug, I say cigarettes are the gateway drug, after a crafty fag it's straight to the booze and drugs...but still.
@50shadesofshea9 it's did start out as 'That Drive' haha like that kid hahahahaha but yeah chanced to 'The'
@50shadesofshea9 yeah cheers man x stems back to when my mum left nd bham nd shit but yeah TheDrive just came instinctively
@50shadesofshea9 oh hahahahaha so do ya fancy going camel toe next week hahaha camel toe XD
@50shadesofshea9 I am thinking of getting a job for extra cash but I'm doing alright at the moment would be good to have a job, normality ha
@50shadesofshea9 nah haha I come up with riffs nd beats for a producer from Plymouth proper hip hop rnb who pays me for them nd sells them
This girl on my twitter man, fuckin 17 and thinks she's 75 and knows the laws of life....live a little love then you'll understand abit more
Shiiiiiii'sooooooon I'm gonna watch 'pretty woman' what a film.
I need suggestions for a movie...preferably either action, cult, romantic, sci fi, horror or thriller I don't care. I need some ideas...
Kyle carpenter, can't get over how brave and heroic this guy is, what a man of humanity. The up most respect to that man. An inspiration.
Beer has the after taste of peanuts, I prefer spirits with the after taste of petrol.
The eclipse is tomorrow! I don't care what I'm in the middle of I gotta get a picture of this...
@50shadesofshea9 yeah theres an order in which things are going to get released nd that I got it all planned out man Ill let u in wen I c u
@50shadesofshea9 haha camel toe what?
@50shadesofshea9 yeah sounds good son! how's work n uni n that going man?
The way TheDrives aesthetic will slowly turn into is basically a gang in the film The Warriors.
@50shadesofshea9 the rythem I got for that song I sound cloud is the same as MJ bad just that I use that click sound instead of a symbol sik
@50shadesofshea9 haha rinsed
@50shadesofshea9 yeah hopefully man if not then I'll make sure I got the next fri off but next Friday should be ok
@50shadesofshea9 haha yeah man I'll put some more demo/ soundtracky things on soon, some of it sounds like earth wind and fire Haha
Stereophonics...that is all folks.
@50shadesofshea9 yeeess I love the beat man proper r'n'b chill fuckin sexy
@50shadesofshea9 yeah I didn't i was looking forward to it haha but yeah ill get at ya blud haha yemzy haha rinsed.
Drinking tea through a blue riband chocolate bar....ohh my, childhood memories.
@50shadesofshea9 might nt be able to go actually man I got this band thing I thought it was next fri, Ill try n move things Ill let you know
Why do people eat KFC, it's fucking horrible...
@50shadesofshea9 maaaaaatttte , this is proper chill music

Obsessed with 'Solomon Grey'
I'm more rare than a woman's testicle...
@50shadesofshea9 eeoouuureeee still on for tomorrow, don't say no cause I've come all the way down now hahah
It's ment too sound like a fuck load of drugs has been eaten and your heart is making the music. It's very loud and very intense - TheDrive
You can't figure me out, That's the way I like it
Hint, I dance and fall about, but in my mind I'm fighting...
Lime house...
@50shadesofshea9 oh yeah hahah might aswell have been called the wombles haha
@50shadesofshea9 you should put it on soundcloud man what you doin Hahahah
Just realised I haven't actually been in my mums company since Christmas......might have too pay a visit soon.
I'm obsessed with Fred Astaire, every spare minute I have is spent watching him...sleight exaggeration but.
Why have I not seen Interstellar!? Love those kinda movies....
Think I'm gonna by myself a massive leopard sprint fur coat...vibing of the Brian jones look...
N there was me looking forward to this party...just full of up tight pretentious ass holes, find myself in the corner just jamming by myself
Dirty in love with a stranger
I can't get enough of my imagination
I can't stop thinking about her
So at night I wait at her station

Hoping
Zoe Ball looks like a blonde version of my mum haha...
I'll allude the idea of me drinking too much to the idea of me not drinking enough, either way they're both fact...
Should be a chill shin dig...SHOULD be
@Vestaaxo exactly, same with the Brit awards...surely it's for 'British artists' and not Taylor swift haha
@50shadesofshea9 mate check out the wombats songs 'give me a try' and 'Greek tragedy' tunes man
I wanna be jack sparrow...
Didn't really know what too say, it was abit weird too be honest...
What do you mean? 'You have that artists look, that thousand yard stare' haha really? Yeah you've just got that look...
So there's me having a coffee and a woman comes n asks 'are you an artists' me? Erm I write music and stuff 'oh you look like and artist...

Mmmmmmmmmmmmuuuussiicc time!! (But in jack voice 'here's johnny')
BRING BACK VHS! The days when a magnet could end your entire world.
@50shadesofshea9 nd Aaah fair enough man, do you still have it on your computer though?
@50shadesofshea9 -_- YEEEEEEEEEESSSSS! You know about cool and the gang, that song reminds me of stereophonics that guitar intro is sexy man
Smoking a fag in bed is just liberating, but staying in bed..that's the meaning of life.
I'm soo obsessed with The Wombats new album, fuckin amazing.
Speak, I can already hear you
Who's this guy in your bed
It's me, I've only ever feared you
When all I've wanted was to be dead
Noel Gallagher - 'Right, will everybody just calm down?'
I churn out more song than I do shits...
Really tired but I'm too bored too sleep, if that makes sense...my mind needs ovo be occupied.
@50shadesofshea9 haha what a hideous great hooter (Irish accent) haha
@50shadesofshea9 haha yeah man, you should do some surfin stuff man, honestly that songs 'surfin' was a fuckin tune mate haha sssuuurrrfiiin
Her lips are like the crease on the floor of a bouncy castle.
Red, plump, an upside down heart shape ready to be devoured by me...
Aaah few drinks a spliff and then bed I think, gotta be up in 4 hours...I got stingy eyes.
@50shadesofshea9 that grunting noise he makes haha like a burp hahaha
@50shadesofshea9 haha nah it's alright man, sounds very 80's with abit of Motown I like it!
20th march a total solar eclipse will come about, can't wait, need a photo of this shit.
Mmm food.

Oh my she still has that video of me...head case. Might have to put it on twitter if it will work haha
Home!...only to go back out and meet bae in covent garden, tired already.
Id be a great physician I love the universe

Time ONLY exists when theres a sun otherwise you just exists

A dog doesn't need time why do we
Blurred vision, a clash of heads
My eyes are red
Make a decision, here come the Feds
I'm dead 
A 'scene' isn't about what you wear or what you listen to, it's the vibe of the place your in and give off...
My nana just put 5k into my account...online shopping is fun.
@50shadesofshea9 L.O.V.E equals love! Haha found your song man pretty sik what happened to your surf stuff I wanna jam to SUUUUUUUURRRFFIIIN
I see myself as Danny Zuko...
Why does 5sos exist with the rest of humanity?...so shit, what a waste of apple memory that band is...
Oohhh my Liam Gallagher has a pass to see Noël Gallaghers band...very interested in seeing what the out come of this encounter could produce


I need this, I don't care if it's a dress, I'd wear it as a T shirt. Sometimes girls clothing IS better.
Humanity should wear 'cos'
Change of plan, when we get to Manchester, I want to go Selfridges because I NEED a black pea coat.
Cinematic musical depictions of modern undesirable antiquities are my favourite...

Michael Jackson and John Lennon are the girdles too the landscape of my love for music and art and cinematic productions.
TheDrive home...
I'm still abit drunk...
They all said WOOOOOO YYYEEEAAAAHHHHHH
I think I'm falling for you, seriously
I'm drawling for you I'm lying 
I'm lying in bed at the though of yooooouuuuuu
I'm singing your name
@50shadesofshea9 Pete best hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhahahahahahahahahahaha!
2 'n' a half hours untill people get grooving! I love Liverpool, I feel like john lennon...
You know i need you so much, I can't hold back
I'm running round town, on my own I feel sad
The city lights...shine away

TheDrive
The last 25-30 seconds of Michael Jacksons PYT is TheDrive...
The rich middle class kids that have nothing to do but go around be able to do what they want..they are my friends and they are me #BratPack
And now time for TheDrive
@50shadesofshea9 mate check the band Spector they're sik man, sounds abit like joy division haha
Hi...we're TheDrive and are from LANDAN.
@50shadesofshea9 surprise (cough) suprisssssee cindy hahaa, nd yeah I kna I slate everyone untill I get into their music haha
Mmm cheap whiskey and some acoustic blues #BlackandSilver 
Tomorrow's journey will consist of TheDrive too Liverpool, playing some songs and TheDrive back home.
Mmm 2 bottles of wine a Chinese and ALLAN GINSBERG
I waaaanntt...ice cream flavoured ice cream please.
I've got too be up in 4 hours and I'm still wide awake reading abit of Allan Ginsberg...he IS worth the baggy eyes..
@50shadesofshea9 I'm obsessed with that sky Ferreira tho man, the sounds she uses are sik nd I'm into Bombay bicycle clubs new stuff, so sik
@50shadesofshea9 yes that is big brother init? Sik band, their music can be abit bland though like, there's not a catchy hook or anything
@50shadesofshea9 hahah this microphone was used on pet sounds.....SHIIITTT!
Today was so funny, I haven't laughed like that in AGES! My stomach hurts so much now, I think I've grown a temporary six pack...
In bed playing xbox when that bint calls me and says everyone's at Queens....I'm now not in bed but I'm now leaving to get drunk...life.
@50shadesofshea9 hahaha 'shit mate' imagine someone was to be that blunt with the truth haha, 'do you like this beat' NAH ITS SHIITTT! Haha!
Can't wait till Saturday. Gig and a tattoo. Standard.
That feeling your eyes get when your tired, like super tired. And a bed time it is...#Snuggle
Have you ever noticed that everything is un-noticeably noticeable?
Mmm Versace trousers? Yes...
The grudge, that thing!...the way it moves, so fuckin wierd that it's cool...for some reason
TheDrive - it$ a rich boy'$ poor life
Westfield again today equipped with a guitar I got out near the station end at 'Stratford place' saw some students and thought..10 min GIG!!
Such a long day man good to be home in my MANOR. Loving these new DM shoes though, sexy.
@50shadesofshea9 with dark editing like the whole full 17 min vid, the blue on black nd shit, proper sik man, gloomy
@50shadesofshea9 haha nah the aesthetic of that video man, purple, blue, red, black &amp; white, the colour of the 80's, that vivid colour
@50shadesofshea9 nd yeah cheers man there's a fuck load of songs but the theme is everything about michael jacksons bad video haha
@50shadesofshea9 YEEESSS! Not essex man you wanna come up London, Liverpool, or Leeds up North it's band mental pretty good bands there too
COYG!
@50shadesofshea9 shag'a'
@50shadesofshea9 get a P model for 'The Girl' in the videos hahaa YEEESSSS hand out
@50shadesofshea9 for about 4-5 months gig nd shit then the videos will come out, the videos is the most exciting part for me
@50shadesofshea9 yeah I wanna get all the songs and shit done first so there's no back tracking ya know, release an EP every month
The aim is to LOOK like a punk band but SOUND the complete opposite - TheDrive
Meehh Queens pub up primmy hilly
@50shadesofshea9 need to send me some sounds I wanna hear your stuff man Im gonna try and put those other demos on SC aswell man, proper RnB
@50shadesofshea9 haha Steve that name, of all the names he coulda picked beginning with 'S' haha nd sik man how's work nd the band going
@50shadesofshea9 alright man s'cool s'cool, what you got going the weekend?
Everyone I wanna see live either has no show or tours going on or they're sold out.....literally, why do that kinda shit
Can't believe the America trip has been postponed...AGAIN!! Do you wanna take any more biscuits? They're right there if you want one....
@50shadesofshea9 I'm probably free next Friday if you wanna go out or sumink
@50shadesofshea9 yeah that songs done man ages ago that's just the demo, that sex on it tho maaate you'll like it eeoorree
Why is it McDonald's at Westfield is always fuckin packed, can't get a seat anywhere...

Who are you try'na look good for?
It's supposed to be me
You end up lying on the floor
Smoking my green
Love 50 cent, childhood memories.
@50shadesofshea9 but it sounds so different to that now it's got a sax in it now near the end nd shit proper sexy man
@50shadesofshea9 Hahahaha They used this on pet sounds XD

Camden Town.
@50shadesofshea9 allow yourself what are you on about 1975 haha that synth is Calvin Harris eeoouhh you got any songs I can hear?
Love females that look like an LA prostitute on heroin but in fact are not prostitutes from LA on heroin...I find that sexy...
@50shadesofshea9 the more you listen to it the more 80's it becomes hahah
@50shadesofshea9 I've finally got 'A' Track on SC called 'Our T.O.W.N/ fall about' it's more of a soundtrack with vocs than a song but yeah
@50shadesofshea9 I'm havin an old school meltdown haha
@50shadesofshea9 it aint working man, his fuckin peice of shit GarageBand man I tell you, it gets halfway through uploading nd then freezes
Fuck technology, seriously, fuck APPLE fuck SOUNDCLOUD fuck GARAGEBAND fuck EVERYTHING. So annoying....
Liverpool was mental, two 30 minute sets in one night. #Pressure #FallAbout
@50shadesofshea9 it's taking fuckin ages to upload man haha seems to be stuck I'll keep trying but I got got shit to do so I'll do it tomow
@50shadesofshea9 yeess that guitar, maaate!
@50shadesofshea9 yeah I'm sorting now should have a few demos on soon
I have a clipper....and it say TheDrive... 
@50shadesofshea9 haha that word! I'm gonna try and make time to do that soundcloud thing, show you some demos nd shizzlits
Piss up is in ordered for celebration. One step closer to being on the road for 2 years haha mental. Preparation for the trip to Liverpool.
They say life is a game but I say if you DONT play by the rules, your probably going to win....have a nice day.
In the real world I'm a no body but in 'The City I'm A Young God'
There's are so many artists coming out with songs and videos in my style and ideas man fuck! Taylor swift - Style that IS TheDrive
TheDrive - - - ForSale
Wait! What? John lennon George Harrison michael jackson Keith moon jimi hendrix kurt cobain and elvis are dead!?

I though there were alive
@50shadesofshea9 haha he sits on it so much I think it needs a good rinse haha
Hmmm potential album cover for when it's done? The quality is shit but still. Sexy. 
Guitar, piano, studio, the Boys, whiskey, weed, cigarettes, music, TheDrive, Good times...
@50shadesofshea9 haha Keith that bloke, he taped a TV remote to the arm chair....he rinsed it haha. Can you look me in the eye? Haha
Nothing like abit of mortal combat during break. #SegaMegaDrive
@50shadesofshea9 haha rinsed, Keith loveed to rinse a few nature programmes hahah, Barry from eastenders..
Rehearsals.
Everything about The Neighbourhood is 40/50% TheDrive
Smoking a fag on the late tube
There's nowhere else to have it
Few shot'a rum, a little bit of fun
And I feel like jack sparrow...savi?
Fuckin buzzin for the next 2 weekends, gonna be so fuckin sik. #LiverpoolLive
@ClassicPixs I bet that ain't all she was selling either...haha
I wanna be in Texas wearing a 10 gallon hat now thanks too The Beach Boys...haha
Well she got in daddy's car and she cruised to the hamburger stand NOW!
@50shadesofshea9 yeah man love them, (in a high pitched voice) LJ asks ollie come and have a look at this shortly after he got RINSED!
Came alosho - The Sims
Do you wanna hang out
We'll end up fighting
Falling too the floor
Now you start biting
A knock at the door 
The Feds come running
OUT THERE
If Helena Bonham Carter was 30 years younger....I tell you what!
As long as it's a day like today and there's is Stella on the pumps I actually won't mind drinking a beer/lager/same thing at this moment
Shav'a drink...
My rhythm patterns are more like Riffs that 'just keeping the beat', I like it, sounds pretty sexy to be honest..
@50shadesofshea9 whoo as her she comes! Haha tune man GTA haha
Just ordered scritti polittis albums on vinyl.

Sexy.

Can't wait.
Cyaaant fockin waaaiit for tomorrow lassy
Synthesised Alternative Rock&amp;Roll Pop

Fuckin rehearsals
@50shadesofshea9 yeeesss love Daryl &amp; John man their song down town life is a tune
What's your name sir?

Liam Ryan
Liam wright?
No, Ryan, R.Y.A.N
What's your middle name?
Thomas
Ryan Thomas 
No!

.....Liam Thomas Ryan!
@50shadesofshea9 haha
@50shadesofshea9 yyeeessss!
@50shadesofshea9 I reckon I could play guitar with her over inflated tendons hahaa
Percussion wise I'm inconsistent and un-original....which basically means I'm the most consistent and original percussionist ever....:)
Literally can't wait any longer for my iPhone top come back.....

INSTAGRAM! Is God of creativity when it comes to cameras and photographs
@50shadesofshea9 mate she is such a sort haha I'm fan-guying over her haha she's a pretty good songwriter tho aswell man


And I love her face....twice.
@50shadesofshea9 maaate! Did you see her stack it at the Brits!? Haha tart....my name is Steven I like the little girls!!
TheSun.
Waking up early after a night of drinking....dry mouth....-_-

I wrote a song about that, its called 'dry mouth' I should listen to my self.
Welcome to the layer cake son...
If death is so bad why has no one ever come back? 

Answer please...
The bit in the film Gravity where she's in the pod thing and starts howling like a dog and crying, that's some well emotional shit man! Fuck
Once I got lost in a world I created 
For myself, no one else, everything's un-rated - TheDrive
My name is...

Liam Thomas Ryan
Alcohol. cigarettes. dominos. movie.
Life is all about Tim Burton movies.

My hair is just one big dread.
@50shadesofshea9 you got me into that bird now man haha jeezus just googled her, she's got 1 of those dirty faces, u kno what I mean haha ;)
@50shadesofshea9 Yeeeess! tell you what mate Haha fuckin sort! Similar style too a few of my songs haha
@50shadesofshea9 you'll like it I reckon, the videos I got in mind aswell it's like -_- maaaaatteeee haha
@50shadesofshea9  song is so different to the 50th its a real broad spectrum of music that I like basically, some are just vocals and synth
@50shadesofshea9 I'll try and get some of the demos on soundcloud man so you can hear it, it's proper ambient rnb rock poppy stuff
@50shadesofshea9 yeah I got loads my mate has them on his mac tho but Yh sounds like a cross between The NBHD, AM, MJ n scritti politti haha
What is all this dress bollocks?

What are you on about?
@50shadesofshea9 will do man eeoouuuh
@50shadesofshea9 I'll let you know man!
@50shadesofshea9 I think I'm playing some gigs for the next few weekends man going up to Liverpool, might be going there Friday but not sure
@50shadesofshea9 haha sweet
#EdwardScissorHands is my idol. #IAMEdward 
Might treat myself to a new guitar tomorrow...

Rickenbacker 620 

Or

A new matt black Fender Strat

???

Rickenbacker I think.
Swear this documentary was meant too be about U2 not some fat black guy...?! Haha
I'm a JEW-jitsuist
Fuck Black &amp; White...it's all about the Black &amp; Silver.
The amount of love I have for The Neighbourhood is going to show in this record I reckon. Such a sik band.
The Drive - 'I wanna live my life in my own proximity
Just me, my own world, in the middle of the city'
Dear Proud Americans
How can you have BUFFALO..CHICKEN..WINGS?
It's either buffalo or chicken, yet again you are American, more the merrier?
@50shadesofshea9 in a whiiiiile crocodiiiiile haha, wubu2 man
Marlboro Red &amp; Jack Daniels...

#mylife
Why does Taylor swift always feel the need to jump in on someone else's lime light when they're getting big? Such an attention seeker haha
@50shadesofshea9 see eerr that elephant eerr it looks like'eerrrr eeell shjaay man haha
They see me rollin', they hatin'
Your just another part of me!...
Yanye kest....wait, what?

Kanye west.
@50shadesofshea9 yyeeessss maaain line, I KNEW THAT (LJ voice)
Sometimes when I sit down, I look like a cross between a quaver and a watsit.

Mmm I love drinking pizza and eating Pepsi...

@50shadesofshea9 Hahahaha mate what a tune

TheDrive - Dont do it that way if you've never done it before
                  It's gonna get in the way if you shove it through the door
I am old as brass, posing as gold
I find it hard to answer the question 'what's your favourite music/band' MUSIC as a form of expression, and that is what I love.
Whoa oh here she comes! 
Watch out bit shell chew you up
Whoa oh here she comes
She's a man eater!
The Black Angels 

Great band.
God damn led belly mother fucker!
I've got a recording session at 11. Why am I doing this?
Getting drunk is just the catalyst for a night stumbling around London. #standardlife
Happy 48th birthday kurt!
@50shadesofshea9 s'loop, de de de de de de de don't do thaaaat! - jezza the hut
@50shadesofshea9 make sure you knock haha

#RIP 
@50shadesofshea9 yeah that's cool man I was gonna say I can't either haha but defo next week or week after
Hippopotamus
Marika Hackman is so beautiful man, Christ, I've got some mental crush on her and her music. S'mental.

@50shadesofshea9 haha I will man but can you remember were it was though? That street was sik for photos man
Beat poets are my life.
Don't diss my man bun.
i MIGHT have to go buy a chocolate birthday cake, purely for the sex.
You got a leather face the feeling standing
by the fire place your falling to the ceiling 
Trousers above your waist nd now my skins peeing
TheDrive
I'm waiting for the sun come around
For one more day itll be bliss
Well get punk fucking drunk falling about 
build up to our kiss
@HoldMyBeerGif @HistoricalPics this would be so fuckin fun oh my!
Food. 
@50shadesofshea9 need too go there for some photos nd shizzlits
Degenerate values espoused through decadent movies and sexual perversion...

I wanna fly away with you
I could die today the truth
I'll have it my way I got too
Cause roses are red and
violets are blue
Sitting at the top of primrose hill sipping a nice cold scotch with a spiff...aaahh I'm in bliss.
Ba la da! Dancing to September!
Aaahhh :) what a beautiful day. Sun, a nice chilly breeze. Summer is on it's way!
End of today's story....bed

So I WAS listening too earth, wind and fire, NOW I have wrote a new song. S'got that pop you know.
Pitta bread and houmous...
@ClassicPixs @50shadesofshea9 hahaha lad.
@50shadesofshea9 cool man, I can hear your gooooo!
Dire straits...


When are we actually going too find out how Lucy died, this story has gone on too long man jeeez...
Cannot wait for the Cornwall jazz festival this summer, it's going to be magikal too say the least
@50shadesofshea9 I'll let you know, I should be able too though eeeouuh
@50shadesofshea9 were you masturbatin when I came in b4, were, were you masturbatin haha MIGHT not be able to come this fir maybe next fri
There's a difference between having a taste in music and music being your taste. 

Over everything.
@50shadesofshea9 yes! That's a tune, like a cross between bowie/ arctic monkeys/ simple minds haha that bass and guitar....(hand out) haha
Oreos and tea will do...
All good things

Great movie
Now is an opportunity for me too sleep...zzz
Fucking about all around town, haven't got much too think
So I fall facedown on the ground, proudly clutching my drink
4 Big Mac meals
4 Doubles cheeseburgers 
20 chicken nugget share box
4 chocolate muffins

LUNCH!
Still haven't slept. Gotta keep the momentum going!!

Gustav Graves - you only get one shot at life, why waste it on sleep.
TheDrive 

.paralysed.
.whoisyou.
.far out.
.time.
.line your nose up.
.cherry.
.stars are holes in the carpet of heaven.
.my bed.
.lost.
I wonder what the sun sounds like...
Need more alcohol!

Wooooohhoooooo smokestack lighting!
@50shadesofshea9 nah it's shit
@50shadesofshea9 hahah ollies face man hahaha, nd LJ like oi shut up my sisters boyfrie'aarrrrggghhhhhh Hahahah
@50shadesofshea9 I prefer 50 shades of LJ...haha
@50shadesofshea9 fuckin hell Hahahaha! Oi lyrikalll come'nav looks at this!......s'loop mate
I haven't slept a wink and I'm about to have a full day sesh in the studio. 

Song - Amity-Travesty-Insanity
Song writing material that is!
@50shadesofshea9 oh yeah haha what a tit, yeah defo. Hahah that kid has brought so much banter over the years, it's just his face hahah
@50shadesofshea9 probably not this Friday man think I got plans nd shizzlits, Friday after I'm backin, yeah mate defiantly mate haha
@50shadesofshea9 haha jizzabelle, my belle so pre mon quip on bier bueno some treble on Somme haha
London is where the love is
It's where it all begins
Under the clouds above us
Is where I commit my sins
@50shadesofshea9 jezza the slut

I absolutely adore @MarikaHackman music, I havent come across an artist in a long time that's made me listen to a song more that once. Love.
@50shadesofshea9 DONT FUCKING STAND ON IT!!
You can hear a lot of PRINCE influence on Pharrell Williams album G I R L , especially with the song come get it bae. Tune.
@50shadesofshea9 haha bambridge! That flid. Remember he'd just stare at you and when you seen him he just gave a weird smile n laughed hahah
Glastonbury 2015 is going to be amazing! Can't wait!
Watching 'Royal Wedding' love Fred Astaire.
@50shadesofshea9 might have to have a night out in Romford soon man, dunno when but defo soon! Eeoouuhhhreeeee
@FoodPornsx @ClassicPixs that looks like cancer
@50shadesofshea9 ok aallriiiiighhttt dooooo!
@StuggyVines haha......in sstttyyllleeeee!
Sum 41 brings back childhood memories man.

Because I'm in too deep and I'm try'na sleep!
Dominos.
Ja rule - livin' it up

Back in the day, Chooooooon
I look like kurt cobain with this little beard thing I got going on. Razor!? Were are you!!
Hakkasan mayfair.

For the sweet'n'sour pork and wine to be honest...
@50shadesofshea9 not now yoko! SHUT THE DOOR YOKO!
If you can't beat'em, join'em.
@50shadesofshea9 saatan look at me...please haha. That bint.
Fact of the matter is, you unfollow me and I'll unfollow back.
My doggys getting better!!
Bacon. Egg. Mushroom. Tomatos. Ketchup. Brown sauce. Baguette.

#Life
@50shadesofshea9 like the government hiding aliens nd shit hahaha ian iachamoe!
@50shadesofshea9 haha mate your doing what I did when I was 16, try'na solve the JFK. Stop now or it'll lead you onto deeper shit haha
I just get drunk for the mc Donalds to be honest.
I wish I had an identical twin, I'd finally know what it's like to look and be in my own company...
Red wine done and dusted. The story is over. Now it time for the punch party. Prepare for the 6am walk home I guess. 
@Harry_Styles absolute top lad. Don't listen to what anyone has too say mate. Legend!
@the_stuggybear can't get over your vines absolute classic viner.

Your in a league of your own, keep it up mate. No one compares.
A pint of wine is better than a glass, but yet a bottle is better than a pint.
@ClassicPixs so beautiful! Makes you realise how small and insignificant you are yet so important and unique. #Home
When khloe kardasian thinks she's as good looking as her siblings.

Allllllooowww yooouuurrrr seeelllffffff bint!.
Never used a permanent decision to solve and temporary problem.
@50shadesofshea9 @ClassicPixs HA! It was like the world went from black and white into technicolor'eerrgghhhhhh hahah that bloke!, legend
I really wanna fuckin move to America, forever!.

Might have to just ask my uncle and cousin if I can stay with them in L.A , just chillin'
@50shadesofshea9 @ClassicPixs He's doing that Keith Richards look, but mj version. Who's this guy prince'eeerrrhhh O.O haha!
I used to hate Coldplay....

Now they're like one of my favourite bands!
@ClassicPixs the difference 4 walls could make, so much hope and respect I have for those kids.
In voice me for the mic... - Alex Turner

Legend.
Stephan frys opinion on god was pathetic. Anyone who thinks god is a guy that lives in the clouds with golden gates is truly a moron.
Silence at last, I can hear my soul sing
My heart beats fast, I can feel it on the brink
I'm falling sweating 
I'm drooling my face venting
Why the fuck am I still up!?!

Because I'm not getting down!
There's only got one thing to say to you john lennon....

What?

You're a swine.
I'm fan-girling over michael jackson right now.
@FoodPornsx @ClassicPixs because that isn't going to give you diabetes 3 times in a row...
@ClassicPixs @50shadesofshea9  he looks like E.T hahaha!


I was looking for a job and I found a job.
Austin Mahone is just a Justin Bieber wanna be.
@50shadesofshea9 nah...haha
Might have to order a dominos, starving!

I'm obsessed with LetLive such a good band. If you like metal-ish kinda music then you'll like them.

In the middle of a #HyperRomance
Only 2 months and this shitty cold weather will be NO more!
@50shadesofshea9 haha Yh every1 dies out in the end The Beatles aren't relevant yet they probs the only band that has stood the test of time
I WANT tickets to the new #spandauballet tour!

YOU ARE GOLD!
T'H'RUEEEE!
Crusty bogies
@50shadesofshea9 haha
@50shadesofshea9 yeah know what you mean, it's like madonna no one cares but her influence with live through others music. She's still shit
When you wake up from a nap and your eyes sting..*o*
@50shadesofshea9 yeah true man
My heart keeps aching :( feels like I'm being stabbed in the chest...
Fuck Charlie xcx....what is it? 

Sounds like a rat being out through a mincer.
I've had too much time off for my liking, need to go back into the musical laboratory ASAP!
@50shadesofshea9 james blunt mugged him off Lol Brit pop aint dead haha, popular British music will never die you like the 1975 right? Haha
@9GAGTweets @9GAGGifs that's vile man, shit! Seen as I smoke though I'd say half the inflation.
Don't tuck your shirt in, you look like a right cunt mate!
As a youngster, I was the kid your parents didnt want you hanging around with. I was trouble. Were trouble was I was, were I was trouble was
kings of Leon brings me back to the havering 6th form days man, reminiscing would be an understatement. Miss those care free days.
Early morning twating. Nearly broke my neck! 

And alcohol...
@50shadesofshea9 haha init, some songs are alright tho but you know their a band who don't know who they wanna be if you know what I mean ha
Might treat myself to a new pair of chelsea boots #TheBeatles #RootinTootinBoots
@Vestaaxo haha :)
I'm going to start taking pictures with disposable camera, they will last forever then AND they're just classic.
Why is #DAngelo only just trending on twitter, your only about 10 years too late mate. I listened to him as a kid, now everyone's on it. Ha!
@Vestaaxo honestly the most relatable tweet I've seen on twitter haha :)
Forget the film I'm gonna re-write #paralysed

There's so many lyric sheets on my floor I just see paralysed and a melody popped in my head
@50shadesofshea9 they were that band big brother weren't it!?
@50shadesofshea9 the beginning reminds me of blue jay way but the beatles for some reason haha proper indian style man, sik tune
@50shadesofshea9 mate yesss! Tune!
Slow stumble home after drinking, average night mate!
Contemplating on 2 things right now...

1. Going out tonight
2. Growing a beard
I've got too much hair for some who has a 5 inch wide Mohican down to a half inch point. Imagine if I didn't shave the sides! #Microphone
Gonna go pick my boy up, can't wait to get him back!
You know what for R flights too china...£661 that's not bad, just gotta find a hotel!
Liam, you look like a 5 year old thong

Oh cheers darlin', you look like a piece of old toast dropped butter side down.
Kendal Jenner...one day I will mate, one day.


Couple'a bongs and a pub crawl in camden is the plan. Let the games begin!
Oh look, I'm on the wine now. Let's see where this takes me
@jackjonestv absolute legend mate!
For the amount of whiskey and rim I've consumed in the past hour I'm quite surprised that the birds aren't singing yet......-_-
Alcohol will cure this cold, with out a doubt.
Saw my dog at the vets poor git. He's got a drain in his cheek, a swollen head and a scar under his cheek. Hard bastard he is #ScarFace
Blocked nose. Doing my head in.
@50shadesofshea9 haha oi mate that one about the wind is you, 'it's the fuckin wind!'
I tell you that stuggy vines are the best I've seen yet! Haha
I wish i was around in Victoria London. 'Ear, mate, wot yoo doin fallin bat d cobbles'
So Michael jackson likes alcohol and midgets at the same time huh? I like his style. Haha! 
Gimme a kiss!
Hahah! So funny! 
Fuck too early, long day ahead of moi, tired already mate.
I wish I was like you
Easily amused........
Sooo tired, this life style is going to be the end of me, #IAMRINSED
I don't care how old she is, kris jenner is a GILF mate
If you want to know what Ebola looks as 4 humans

The Vamps...them! They are the definition of Ebola.
Oh my it's like laying on a cloud...

I'm making snow angel movements but on a cloud! :D
My new bed has arrived :D, king size, memory foam mattress and pillows....

Shit! Got to put this thing together now -_-

Bastard!
Too the people with 50,000 followers n tweetin 60 times an hour, look up, there's a lamp post! You have an option of a red 4 head or a life!
@Callux @Sazclose do you write any of your own material and have you ever been approached or considered signing with a label?? #AskSallux
Ah few hour recordin sesh done, now I can head home n catch up on some sleep. My eyes feel like they could fall out Tired?..understatement!
@HistoricalPics @50shadesofshea9 can you imagine going to central park dressed like that haha their dressed down for the day I reckon..
Oh my Jesus! That synth line is sexy! Paralysed is going to be a tune man! Mental.
I'm actually sick of seeing Kanye west and kim kardasians faces everywhere, don't them two ever smile?? Haha
2 months an I'll be in the Californian sun. Should be already if this nob didn't fuck up the booking...
@HistoricalPics looks like Gary lineker haha!
Fast cars, big guns and a relentless travel.

All you need for the perfect crime spree.
Great, I think I got a cold coming on...
I NEED tickets to the next scritti politti gig man, I will literally take a hammer to the face to see them live.
The amount of times I've watched michael jackson this is it movie you'd think I'd be bored of it...NEVER! I love michael jackson.
The amount of emo tweets that people put on twitter is ridiculous. Most of it is about other people! Sort it out mate...
After today's journey, events and lack of bare necessities to eat Im going to lay down eat some Doritos and fall asleep. So tired
Gonna get this on my shoulder for my grandad. 'But why is the rum gone.' #ItsAPiratesLifeForMe 
I am probably hans Zimmers biggest fan. Such an amazing movie song writer.
The amount of text messages I've yet to receive a reply from..in this day and age, anyone who says they forgot to reply is a compulsive liar
slept on a mixing desk again...i also spent £390 on a puncho hoodie and a shirt...never again to both. haha.
That's crazy man!...
Might have to get a clyde barrows hair cut.
Wow!...wish I never commented on that photo on facebook now. 1004 likes, 234 comments and 89 friend requests later...might kill my self.
@faye_louisek haha! I know I've had them for like 3-4 years now, only wore them a few times lol x
@faye_louisek all about rootin tootin boots now haha
Kendall over Kylie any day mate! 

Kendall = natural 
Kylie = plastic (blatantly had her lips done) #Allow
@YouTube @50shadesofshea9  maaaaate what a fuckin tune! Those guitar licks, proper 80's man scritti politti

Going out for dinner to Gauthier in soho, I'm not ever French, or posh I just like their chocolate and wine HA!


@50shadesofshea9 can't Friday man I'm only fee weekends haha, I'm gonna come with ya haha :p

Client : you know that moment when you pour your milk into your tea?

Barber : say no more htt…

@YouTube  @50shadesofshea9 mates check out this song, amazing!, I'm obsessed with #yearsandyears what a tune. 'I got the lines' maaaaaaaate

I'm obsessed with 'years and years' such a sik band man!! Desire is a choooon!
@LibbyMai_ well it's better than going left, right? Ha!
@50shadesofshea9 sik man s'gonna be gooood!
@50shadesofshea9 yeah I though we ment next sat haha, it would be better I'll get onto Steve see what he's doin nd well all go dancing hahah
@50shadesofshea9 what next Saturday yeah?
@50shadesofshea9 haha yeah true, haha fuck man!! i got a txt from him the uva day..fuck knows how he got my number. machete moment hahaaa
@50shadesofshea9 oh sik man, hows uni aswell? nd yeah man the 3 musketeers haha
@50shadesofshea9 I don't have fb aswell haha just twitter nd yeah man try n book it off, if not I'll just come the ship nd chill hahah
@50shadesofshea9 that's what you said last time haha we are defo meetin up next weekend, no excuses. It's planed now haha ore
I'm getting a tattoo for my nan who's fighting her 2nd bout of cancer in 2 years, such a strong dear that woman. I love you nan. &lt;3
@50shadesofshea9 cheers man, when you releasing yours? Nd oi we NEED too meet up soon, seriously haha few more months nd it would be a year
@50shadesofshea9 The Drive hahah I was thinking of names nd it just fit with the idea I have for the music and movie if you know what I mean
@50shadesofshea9 and the name The Drive comes from when I had to go to my mums every UVA weekend to bham haha as a teen nd me dad called it
@50shadesofshea9 it'll take a while but yeah I'm proper hyped haha ooooreeeee
@50shadesofshea9 like I'm basically making a movie about the past 4-5 years of my life and the music is the sound track haha very ambitions
@50shadesofshea9 and I wanna do a thing where I release a 40min to an 1hr long film to each album on the first release about it my life haha
@50shadesofshea9 I wanna get those songs outa the way and released go on tour, then the next album will be about where I am at that point
@50shadesofshea9 like it would come as 4 albums in one and each one is a chapter to my life since we met basically haha
@50shadesofshea9 the lyrics are really honest I got and idea to release a 40-50 track debut with the idea of it being like a book
@50shadesofshea9 siiiik man sounds good, what like libertines stuff?? Nd very very ambient with and indie pop twist with rnb
@50shadesofshea9 cool man, so smashing lights is the new name then? Haha what's the story behind that? What kinda music is it?? :)
Just ordered a Sony hvr hd 1000u video camera. Short movies!! :)
@50shadesofshea9 I said how's your music going ya bastard haha!?
The Rolling Stones. That is all.
@lykadikaqoq love the script in this video, very poetic :)
Allow chipmunk man hahah what a joker. Give the grime game up mate, it's dead. It's like trying to bring back elvis.
@50shadesofshea9 I'll try and send you one of my songs man I'll have to get hold of someone though or a demo I got on GarageBand it's sik ha
@50shadesofshea9 yeah man, same for you how's yours coming along??
@50shadesofshea9 and 'real'
@50shadesofshea9 years and years are gona be the sound of 2015 man I can guarantee you that, take shelter sounds like one of mine songs ha!
Can't wait for America next week. I'm Universal broooo #MakingMoves what you been doin lately?...
@50shadesofshea9 lool
@lewiscanner hey man, thanks for the follow. I checked out your songs, amazing! Great lyrics!
Work work work work!
@50shadesofshea9 mad for it tosser tosser
slept in the studio for 2 nights haha got 3 songs finished...but my back is dying slowely...
The Weeknd - King Of The Fall 
@50shadesofshea9 haha yeah man fuckin clog head! Fuckin legend tho XD
Julian Casablancas+The Voidz - Nintendo Blood (Official Audio w/ Lyrics) 
@50shadesofshea9 ha 'I had an outta body experience, it's like john lennon came inside me'....sounds like a weird fetish he's got going on
@50shadesofshea9 nah liam Ryan is my alter ego, august ryn is my true self haha
Haha if your gonna be in a tribute band make it a band that's not around anymore like the beatles, oasis...even A1 but not 1D ha!
@50shadesofshea9 I've done a you nd got a new identity hahah august ryn that kid!
The Weeknd. That is all.
Miley Cyrus has the cutest laugh! I'm in love &lt;3 haha
Saint Raymond - I Want You [Official Video] 
#merrychristmas world. Happy birthday Jesus!!
Kings road. London.
worked with a sound engineer today who worked on a buzzcocks album haha
The Lost Boys - Tim Cappello - I Still Believe - Music Video 

This is one of my favourite movie songs, #Love 
all you need is scotch, weed, moves like jagger, london at night, a partner in crime and a REASON  #love #london #streetrats #lostinparadise
why watch the xfactor when you can watch `the lost boys' movie??
My first ever tweet!.....haha
