Happy Mother's Day to all of my amazing family and friends.  You have the toughest gig in the world.  God bless... 
Tulip time in holland michigan!  Sandra strohschein 
I have two brush sets left that I would love to sell before I go to Europe.  I leave in just 8 days.     Message... 
OK.   I talked to at least 12 people this morning with a booger in my nose.....for crying out loud, could anybody... 
Lord have mercy I am tired.   Is it Friday yet??????????????   Can it please be Friday??????
Painting out in Holland today with my friend Doug.   It was a glorious day!   
"Wasilla Morning"  Painted in Alaska, July 2014  
Feel like adventure but want to stay dry?  Our kids up north have bikes now!   Check them out!   Sturgeon River... 
LOL...I was out sketching tonight and was starving.......is it any surprise this subject appealed to me??????... 
2 brush sets left.  You guys amaze me.  Who needs kick butt brushes?????? Message me.
I was asked today about painting sunsets.    I rarely paint them.   I find the colors very difficult to make... 
Thanking God for the beautiful sunset this evening and the fact that it is possible to sit on the back deck and... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I have only three brush sets left,  if you would like a set please email me immediately.

I have sold half of my brush shipment in 24 hours.   You guys rock.   I just am so grateful for each one of you.... 
I wish Jamie (our very own)  a great opening weekend at Sturgeon River Paddlesports.  His second season in... 

Instantly winter is gone and summer appears.    Happy. 
My brush sets are back in inventory!    If you would like a set of these "cadillacs" please let me know.    I... 
Ok nice weather... Let's paint! 
Never underestimate the power of a simple value study..


Thank goodness.   A new shipment of my brush set has arrived!.......let me know if you would like a set before I... 
"Sunshine".  11x14 acrylic. 
I am so happy that it is May 1st,  only days of warmth ahead for the next five months.   I am fairly optimistic... 
Fivizzano,  
"Fivizzano",   14x11 sandra strohschein. 
The beginning of making yogurt.   Scald 42 oz.  Fresh whole milk.  Mine is raw and organic.    Bring down to room... 

I sold a Throw Pillow 16" x 16" on 

North Shore Market, Vancouver, B.C.    
New artwork for sale! - "Red Velvet" - 

New artwork for sale! - "Lake Michigan" - 

New artwork for sale! - "Summer Dreams" - 
I become weary of companies that I deal with not delivering as promised.  I don't want to hear what you think I... 
I think face book's person locator is fantastic.   The use for this tool during the Earthquake in Nepal is just... 
Is fear stopping you from doing something?   Ok....go throw up and then just do it.    I feel like doing... 
Rise and Shine it's painting time!   :)   


My deepest condolences to my friends in Nepal.  You are not forgotten and being prayed for!

SOS...Keith just accidentally kicked over a glass of red wine on the carpet in the studio.  What takes red wine out of carpeting?
Thank you Alan Kuo for posting this nice photo of the magazine cover and the article!  You rock! 

Currently roasting bananas.  :)   Seriously   I have bananas in the oven.   I need ripe bananas in a hurry and I... 

New artwork for sale! - "Tulip Twist" - 
I love facebook.  I just sent a friend, Teodora Angelova a request to help me with some translation and without... 


In an effort to continue my quest for good health I bought a shower filter.   We don't drink the city water in... 
Emma?  Ok...I guess. 
Neighborhood garage sale.   Absolutely do not have time for this today but it was a great opportunity to clear... 

What's cooking at my house tonight?  Seven layer bars,  mashed potatoes, grilled salmon, fresh mango salsa, peas... 
Good news!   For those of you who have wanted to buy paintings from me but did not have paypal,  I now have... 
Ok people,   it's the half way point,   give it all you've got today!   Let's Paint!!!!!!! 

Self is not cooperating with self tonight.   I need to have a talk with myself and get this straightened out.... 
Do you ever have so much to do you find yourself doing nothing?   I am kind of in the place right now.  Forcing... 
Sending two originals out the door this week!   A diverse week.  An oil and a watercolor.    Please let me know... 
Oh......it's time to think about bathing suits......ugh.
I love the block feature on Facebook.  It is so easy.   If someone is insulting,  it's a simple click and they... 
@PetoskeyArea Thank you so much! I will be painting in Europe for two months but spending much of August in your beautiful beautiful area.
Oh my.   I ordered materials last night via Dick Blick.   For three months.  To carry me through a couple months... 
A week ago our phone stopped working.  We have sent emails to At and t customer service with no response.   I am... 
At &amp; t has disappointed once again. I think I may have switch everything over to another provider. No phone service since a week ago Sunday.
@GDKalfie Hi!  Thanks for the encouragement!    Harbor is beautiful in August~  warm regards,   Sandy
@GDKalfie @sandystrohs
This photo is important because I am in Harbor Springs, Michigan doing research for my work that will be on... 

Today was an interesting day.   I was sitting out in the back yard with Lakelyn getting ready to just paint the... 
"We are alive!   Keith has wet pants but we are alive!"   I was driving on the interstate doing almost 80 mph.... 
Glad we are not dead .....Keith's  pants are wet but we are still alive!

Finally,  Finally,  Thank God,  someone understands that the healthiest companies have the smallest gap between... 


Some days I think,   "Maybe tomorrow I will not paint and I will clean the house".  I thought about this for... 
This is how I feel when I finish a painting.  This morning Lakelyn told Meaghan she wanted to go to her "Color... 
Woo Hoo!   11 Brave souls painting with me in Italy!  So excited~

Look at this beautiful painting that Valentin has just completed!    Congratulations on a wonderful work of art... 
Tomorrow and Wednesday promise to be nice days for painting out.  I just wish everything wasn't brown.   We still... 

New artwork for sale! - "Twenty One East Hubbard Street Chicago" - 


This painting is now SOLD.  Thank... 
"Something I never thought I would see in my lifetime.   Pick me up off the floor...and yes, girls....he is single...."
So Italy has shaped up to be a nice full group of 10 but we have room for a couple more!  Who wants to paint in... 
To my dear friends overseas who celebrate Easter today!   Happy Easter!    (My friends from Bulgaria celebrate... 
My favorite accomplishment.  And oddly enough,  not a watercolor.   One of less than a dozen acrylics.   "Twenty... 
My life is so complicated right now ....Keith has made a spread sheet.   And it is amazing!     Good thing I am... 
Today was a great day!  I received a package from Australia,  2 brushes from Alvaro Castagnet and a CD from the... 
A gorgeous spring Saturday and I am forgetting about every pressing deadline and heading out to paint!   Let's... 
Pizza night love pizza night 
Did you notice it was quiet off my page yesterday?   I had two terrible nights of insomnia this week.   Yesterday... 
This is one of the locations we will go to during the workshop in Italy this June.   I am so happy that I have 10... 
Hey my friends!  It's that time of year for all of us in the Northern Tier who have been longing to get outside... 
I am so busy with my work right now that I don't have time to enter competitions.   There are a couple I would... 


Tell me your thoughts on travel insurance?  What's your experience?
So many people asking me to show them how I watercolor today!   I still have two spaces available in Italy,  June... 
Good news!    "Lake Michigan" 22x30 transparent watercolor has been accepted into the 68th Annual Michigan... 
A lovely day in the wetlands yesterday.    Not much sun but the swans were beautiful.... 

New artwork for sale! - "Quiet Night in Newport Beach" - 
New artwork for sale! - "Newport Shipyard at Dusk" - 
New artwork for sale! - "Lytle Creek Bed Road" - 
I wish I could turn off my mind sometimes but it never stops.   I find myself asking all of the time,  "I wonder... 

There is science and accuracy and then there is me.....LOL......This is a beautiful illustration!    Kudos to the... 
For the life of me I don't know what happened.   When I painted the tree scene from California today my paper was... 

On year ago today I posted this painting of Porter stomping in the spring thaw in Northern Michigan!   No snow... 
Worked on the portrait again today.   I have a lot to learn.   But will keep stepping up to the plate and... 
I can't wait to paint here in June!    There are one or two openings left!   I promise you will have the best... 
Let's Dance! 
I just saw one of my paintings as someone's cover photo.  She did something really nice.   She was kind enough to... 
Painting will be difficult for a couple of days but I will still try to squeak out a couple.  But can you blame... 
You might be wondering how my portrait work is coming along.  I have to say yesterday was an all out effort in... 


I just want to say a word of thanks and appreciation to my collectors.  In this day and age where people (myself... 
New artwork for sale! - "Last Light at Newport Beach" - 
New artwork for sale! - "Pelican Pause" - 
New artwork for sale! - "King of the Roost" - 
My friend Daniel sent this to me today.  You might enjoy it too!  Thanks Daniel  :) 
I am trying something new today.  I am working on a portrait.   Which I never do.   I feel that there is a... 
I am so excited! I have a student traveling all the way from the West Coast to paint with me in July! My Michigan... 
I am so excited!   I have a student traveling all the way from the West Coast to paint with me in July!   My... 
"Fivizzano Fountain"  12x20 watercolor,  

Ivelina, from Bulgaria traveled to the far East with her brushes today!   Wonderful Ive! 
2016.  France, Portugal, Spain and Italy.   Thank you to my international friends for asking me to paint with you!   :) :) :) :)
I have just two spaces left in Italy for my workshop June 20th through the 27th!  I hope that you will check out... 
In painting we worry about perfection too much.  Life is not perfect.   When you see a lack of detail in my... 
Paint with me in Europe?  Couldn't make it this year?  Next year I will be in Portugal, Spain and Italy.    Let's... 

My friend Elitsa's poem was published on NASA'.gov page!  Wonderful! 
Today I am testing some extended point brushes from Rosemary &amp; CO.  thank you Rosemary and Symi for sending them!... 

I was playing air hockey with Porter last night and he had a firm set of rules that I had to play by.  But he did... 
Advice from Porter (5) today.  "Never lick the bottom of your shoes".    LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL   I can't imagine... 
"Lakelyn's Afternoon"  yep,  painting makes me smile all goofy too".   Let's Paint....put your painting shirt on... 
WOW 

Ah!  Only Two spaces left if you want to paint with me in Italy!   I hope to see you there June 20th through the... 
Making Raisin Bran muffins,  I hope I can find my old recipe.    Love these.

Let’s Paint West Michigan! 
Let’s Paint West Michigan!
En Plein Air with watercolorist Sandra L. Strohschein
July 30th and 31st, 2015
￼
Check out this beautiful painting by Valio, available in giclee print from Fine Art America  :) 

Meanwhile back at the Bat Cave,  Maci has found the keys to the car!  Look out ...here comes a little super hero!... 
You know?   I haven't had time to make a formal flyer yet but  I did mention to my newsletter friends that I am... 
I am feeling this good today.  Jet lag is gone.....I can dress any way I want to because in California anything... 
I posted 26 photos on Facebook in the album "California 2015" 
Still have not seen a copy of "The Art of Watercolor" with me in it.   :(  Wearing out a path to Barnes and... 
Ladies,  this one is for you!   :)   Huntington Beach, California...painting out today.... 

Waiting at Grand Rapids to hop on a plane to Minnesota!   Love Minnesota!   Took my first professional workshop... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Oh my goodness!   You all lit my page up with notifications during the night and this morning!   I am super busy... 
First class to LA.    Keith just informed me that with his many many sky miles I am sitting pretty tomorrow.... 
Yes,  I have a million things to do but I find myself sitting in my studio.....painting.  But I have done two... 

So stinkin excited to leave tomorrow for Huntington Beach, CA.   Then next week to Palm Springs........now to try... 
How lovely to be selected for the FASO Daily Art Show today!  Thank you! 
My friend Joanne sent me a card that says "Do the thing you think you can't"  That is exactly what I am doing... 
The snow scenes will be soon a thing of the past....we are going to have nice warm temperatures the next three... 

A wonderful last tribute to winter from Valentin Katrandzhiev posted this morning!  I love it when I can... 
I just saw the extended forecast for Southern California during my stay next week......high seventies, low... 



Keith is going shopping to buy me a dress to wear tonight for my birthday dinner.  I wonder what he will come up... 
Oh my dear friends,   thank you so much for all of your kind wishes today.  I am trying to say thank you to each... 
Today's painting EPIC fail.   LOL....Triumphs and Failures.....Let's paint anyway!
Ah....my friends are messaging me that I am in "The Art of Watercolor" magainze today!  But I have not seen it... 

New artwork for sale! - "Coca Beach" - 
That first sip of coffee in the morning ......well you know  ;)  Let's Paint!   I am working with my student Doug... 
Do you want to know a secret?  I feel physically ill every time I post a painting.  For me it is still, even... 
Some days are better than others.    This is not one of the "others"   full of joy!   Let's Paint!
I like many of the things Robert had to say in this address.   :) 
A beautiful painting of the Balchik Palace Garden where I will be painting this summer.   Wonderful work Val! 
Class is filling up for Italy in June!   There are a few spaces available!  Let's paint in Tuscany together, June... 
Meaghan, my daughter painted this when she was 9 years old.   I think she has a great deal of talent.   I can't... 
Maci was contemplating going to the big hill.  She really did not want to leave the front yard but she had fun... 
Lakelyn did not want to sled.   The hill may have been to big for her anyway.  She preferred to play inside. 
I did not paint today but I had a really good reason.   Porter, Maci and I had sledding to do.   It was so... 
Heading to El Rancho California on the 15th, 16th and 17th of March.  Spur of the moment.  Mini workshop anyone?... 

Interesting conversation on color theory today.     Tell me.   Do you think all blues are cool?   Do you think... 
This is my little family up North! 
"Zeeland Deep Freeze"  15x22 transparent watercolor,  
"Morning Catch"  9x12 watercolor,  
I saw this old boat in Florida.  I wondered if... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Morning in the Wetlands"  20x12 watercolor,  
Still a few spaces left in my Italy workshop!   Come and paint with me!!!!!!! 
Turkey, Italy, Bulgaria....all on my mind....exciting plans for painting this year....coming home from Europe and... 
Hey...I have to go.  The sun is shining brilliantly on the fresh snow.    Can't wait to take a thousand photos... 
We just saw an excellent movie with Kevin Costner.   "McFarland".    Family friendly and a great... 


"When we work from other artists examples in videos or demos they have done 75% of the work.  They found the... 

Laundry done!  Cleaning done! Let's Paint my friends! 

New artwork for sale! - "Paper Roses" - 

New artwork for sale! - "Guardian of the School" - 
The picture of health.    Now I have to remember to eat them.......and not just look at... 
I have heard from a few people that they "miss me"  here on Facebook.  That they are not seeing my paintings or... 


A beautiful summer painting which I need today....we woke up to a large snowfall.   Have a wonderful day my... 
Did you know that if you organize a workshop for me with your art group, your tuition is free?  Let's paint!

Bill has written a wonderful blog about our venue at "The Watermill" in... 


I have a new stylist and photographer.   I think I will keep her.   :)
Ok,  this Gallery in New York continues to contact me.   Do any of my friends have experience with an "Agora" Gallery in NYC  ?
I posted 67 photos on Facebook in the album "The Watermill Workshop Experience 2014" 
All of my artist friends will understand this. But still we paint....... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I like painting.  A lot.   Let's Paint  :)
We have been on the subject this week of theft and security.   I would like to know your best travel and safety advice!   Thanks!

Go to their website and check this out.   I am excited about this product!  Not for watercolor obviously......but... 
Well......great news!   The car has been located!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    And in perfect condition (as far as we know).... 
Curious....I have experienced this dream phenomena throughout my life where my brain gets caught between sleep... 
Today is a pajama stay at home in bed day.   I am tired.   Maybe I will paint later but today I am listening to a... 
I did paint today but nothing I want to show you.  Some days are like that.  Learning experiences. (Big fat... 
Maybe my friends could use a little early spring time today.  Artist and friend, Ivelina Vladimirova, Bulgaria.   :) 
My brush sets are on my mind.  I love them.   If you have purchased brush sets from me personally or direct from... 
Would you like to be inspired?  Watch this wonderful video.   We can make a difference.  For me,  this is not a... 
Oh I have good news for my friends!   The extended point Kolinsky sable that I use in my U Tube demo will soon be... 


I am beginning to hear from folks who are painting in Italy with me.   This is a limited venue as far as numbers... 
Flushing, Michigan Workshop.   I worked these artists hard and they rose to the challenge.   Six paintings in two... 
OH MY Goodness!   Yeah!!    I just heard that there was waiting list for my workshop that I just finished... 
Well,  another workshop is shaping up.  My dear friends here asked me to plan another West Michigan paint out,... 
Hi ho Hi ho....off to teach I go.....whistle whistle whistle.....:)
A contact from an art gallery in NYC today......hmmm....now that is something to think about..............I like New York City.......

I am very much looking forward to teaching a two day workshop on the East side of the state this week.   I love... 
Happy Birthday to Porter who turns 5 today!   We love you Butters! 
"Sea Glass"  12x16 Transparent Watercolor,  




Today was a working day.... a thinking day.....I painted three paintings and did three value studies....it's not... 
Apparently some joker has hacked my email account.   If you receive an email saying that I have sent you a link... 
This week I received three beautiful thank you notes from collectors.   I just want to say in an age where almost... 
If you are planning on painting in Italy, please send me a message!  I would like to begin dialoguing with you... 

Help!   I just received an email from paypal that Facebook has charged me over a hundred dollars in advertising... 
Let's Paint! 
Goodness....hit the ground running  (with a huge blister from stupidly wearing my boots without socks...I hate... 
Home safe and sound!     And I have to say, flawless service from DELTA on six flights.  All on time.   All... 

One week from today I will be on the East side of  Michigan teaching a two day workshop.   I think it is sold out... 
55 and sunny....chilly but I don't care.   Bathing suit and sheltered spot in the sun...tomorrow I return to my... 
This time of year many of us suffer with viruses and it knocks us off our game for awhile.    The true artist... 
Painting out at Cocoa Beach today......it was so wonderful to sit on the beach and lose myself in a very simple... 
Travel tip.   Don't stay in hotels with atriums.....they are incredibly noisy.   Grrrrrrr
A classic...that I have always loved.......are you feeling "real" today?   I am...... 
OOOOOH!     They say that travel will be messed up for easily into this weekend!  I hope I hope I hope we get... 
"The Colors of Florida"  14x20 watercolor,  En Plein Air,  

Keith to me, "Honey,  have you seen the car keys?"   Twenty minute search ensues for the keys......Keith leaves... 
Painting out at Redington Beach today.   Strong gale force winds forced me back into the same protected area that... 
This morning....painting out at Redington Beach, Florida.    I found this great location , got my gear... 
"Twenty One East Hubbard Street"  48" x 36" acrylic on canvas.   Day 5 of the 3 a day challenge.   Today I would... 
Heading to Florida...right now high in the sky above Louisiana!  hello down there!    Travel tip of the... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Nature's Staircase"  Grapevine, Texas   watercolor,  20x14  
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Three a Day" 
Thank you to the buyer from New Jersey!... 
I saw this painting on FB a week or so ago and instantly was drawn to it.  I think the colors and the movement... 
I have more brush sets on the way and taking advance orders.    I will be taking them to my East Michigan... 
Breakfast in Detroit today.....then flying out to Dallas for lunch.....so tired....running on only two hours of... 
Breakfast in Detroit today.....then flying out to Dallas for lunch.....so tired....running on only two hours of... 
Travel tip of the day...Just smile.   You are going somewhere.   Smile and enjoy it.  And for fun...see how many... 
"The Ditch"  12x16 watercolor,  Moulin du Roy, 140#.  Rembrandt Pigments.  
The block feature on FB.  I love it.   If you bully me on my own page, you will be blocked.   No discussion.

Thanks to all who have nominated me to do the five day, three painting a day challenge!   WOW!   I will do this... 
Last night I had the fun of teaching a private lesson with my student Doug from Grand Rapids.    If you are local... 
I am thinking of making a second run on calendars.   If you would like one please message me.   (I sold my own... 
How can I not share this wonderful moment in gymnastics...please watch....you will find yourself... 
Just to let you know I will be on the road for a couple of weeks .....if you need a painting or brushes for... 
At the end of the day ............I hope you tried something today you thought you could not do.   Nighty night.......
I hope your week is this enjoyable! 

laugh for the day   ..... 
Awesome work Bulgaria!    Thank you for your security at the border to Turkey!  One  more coward off the radar.
I have two calendars left.    Who wants them?    Let's Paint already!
Busy day,  mailed calendars, brushes, one original....baked brownies and lemon squares, paid bills, made a trip... 
Hoping to do another U Tube video soon.....thinking about what would be fun to show you....thinking thinking thinking....
More brushes in my hands this Friday.   If you would like a set just PM me.... 
I have 12 signed up for my Michigan workshop.   I have room for 2 or 3 more!  Feb 4th and 5th!   :)
Ha!  Keith just said something profound....."Sing your own song".   Love it.  Maybe it's been said before but I... 
I have that nagging feeling that I am forgetting to do something...but I can't think of what it... 
Just a shout out to my friends.....I have a two day workshop in Flushing Michigan which is on the East side of... 
A masterpiece from my friend Oleg, Ukraine.   &lt;3 his work! 
Chocolate Moose Tracks.   Things are looking up.   :)
Riverside 
00000: 
You know?  I have an idea and I don't think it is too difficult to enforce...how about people who go to... 
Viva la France!     Your bravery is inspirational!
Check out this awesome blog by Bill Breckon,  host of The Watermill venue where I will be teaching this June 20th... 
Today I will be blogging about Italy.   Looking forward to spending time compiling a wonderful photo essay on my... 
4002.   I want a cupcake  :)
I have a wicked idea.   I am starving.   I am making an omelet....it started out as a veggie omelet.....I really... 
We are in a full blown winter storm here.....30 mph winds sustained....-24 below zero...a foot of fresh snow with... 
The finish of my Buffet project.    I am very pleased!     Thanks for coaching me through this project this week... 
These guys really took me seriously when they heard me say,  "let's paint"  !!!!!!!  LOL LOL LOL   Love this! 
5 more to 4000.......this is utterly amazing......:)
This morning I have been busy coaching my online student.   Did you know I offer this service?   Essentially I... 
LOL...I sold my own calendar......now I need to order more.....LOL....
I am 16 wonderful people away from 4000 followers....imagine that?    If all 11,000 people that follow and friend... 
My project......the buffet...it's coming along nicely...painted, waxed....now I need to find the right... 
Today I am cleaning my house.    I have a hard time enjoying painting when the house is dirty.   It is never... 

Today I a beginning a new project.  I am making my first book.  "My Life as an artist".  I have the front cover... 
Calendars are selling!   Thank you for your appreciation of my work!   &lt;3
Thinking about this year's workshops.....I begin in February teaching on the East side of the State...my third... 
More news...and it is not too late to get in on this one.    Last year I was not happy with the print quality of... 
Oh I may have made a mistake....I have been wax the furniture with a wonderful orange oil beeswax wax...but my... 
Working in a different venue today.....I will be painting in watercolor  later but started with a Chalk Paint... 
So this is a great way to start the new year!    I have a commission to work on this week!  Smart collector put... 
Saw gas tonight for $1.61 a gallon.    Holland, Michigan.  USA

Mailing brush sets this morning....give me a shout in the next sixty minutes if you would like a set too!   It... 


"Some people get all hung up on reality in a painting.....I get the biggest kick out of the logic of... 
"Frozen"  (for real)  ;)    
"Little Traverse Bay"  Petoskey,  Michigan  USA....Sandra L. Strohschein. 
Trying to drive home but lots of reports of traffic accidents.   Changing our route of 1-31 South of Petoskey to... 

OK.....Bringing the heat.....to you my dear die hard watercolor enthusiasts...(did I spell that right???)... 
This course is your opportunity to make history with me!     I have had the most 
//www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRoNgAHXu1U    Almost 500 views in a week!  Awesome!    :) 
Painting out in one of my favorite places today…..Zeeland Wetlands…… 
Texas, Florida, Michigan, Bulgaria, Italy,   that's the plan so far,  2015 is shaping up to be awesome.
I am heading back to Italy to paint in June.....who is coming with me??????  Message me for information!... 
oil ?   watercolor?   oil?   watercolor?   hmmmmm........Let's paint......:)
If you are planning on painting with me in Italy that June NOW is the time to sign up!   Take advantage of their... 
OK....Something that has plagued me for over a month now......I sent my seven paintings off to the magazine for... 
I look back at this painting ...it was done on January 3rd this year....3 days after suffering a substantial head... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

I am asked on occasion where giclees of my work can be found.   Here is a link that I just copied and pasted for... 


Margarine?   Never used it.....never will.
HELP!   Oh my goodness...one of my recipes call for a "Box" of powdered sugar.....does anyone know how that... 
interesting at the grocery store just now......all of the computer systems were running incredibly slow...and the... 
AWESOMENESS!   It is 60 degrees and sunny outside.   I have the windows open while I paint a commission in the... 
My year has been OFF THE CHARTS....facebook put this little ditty together.....I have a lot more to say later but we can start with this.
Happily working on two commissions that came in at the last minute.....and I did not think I would be painting... 
sandra l strohschein rose demonstration: 


Ok.....just to let you know.....we just made another video to post to U Tube.....my approach to painting Roses.... 
Interesting....very interesting..I was studying the analytics on my new... 

Porter and I having lunch today in Birch Run at "Oscar and Joey's".....and I had something I never thought I... 
Go LIONS!!!!!!   Wee hoo!
My friend Elisaveta has been painting birds beautifully!    !!!!! 



895 Views of my U Tube Demo.....I think maybe I should do another one.....maybe....also heading down to Texas and... 
I am a duck out of watercolor today...and I am feeling it....battling with oil!
I am probably the only person... 
LOL.....my little mini....with fringy boots too!   I wish I had this little elf in my house today...... 
I just said to Keith,  "let's go to bed so I can wake up and begin to paint again"....that's really how I... 

My deepest condolences to the good people of Pakistan who have suffered a tremendous tragedy.     I am so sorry.... 
Brushwork 
I hope that my friends and followers here will check out my blog posts that I share here.   My thoughts and tips... 
I have two brush sets available for shipping that will reach any US destination before Christmas!   Any takers?... 
Beautiful paintings available...international shipping and paypal accepted! 

New artwork for sale! - "Lake Michigan October" - 


821 views of my video in one week.  Thank you all very much.    I hope you enjoyed watching it as much as I enjoyed making it for you!
For my Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, Indianna  and Upper Penninsula friends!!!!!!   How about a visit to Northern... 
Joanne ordered greeting cards from Fine Art America and sent me this wonderful photo!    FAA is a great place to... 
Geez Louise....I still have to decide on five paintings to send to the magazine publisher......and the deadline... 
I am so excited.  I just sent out my first email newsletter via my website.  I had the idea to offer a big... 
"Above the Sea"  6 x 11 watercolor.  Rembrandt pigments, Moulin du Roy 140# CP.  

Come and paint with me in Flushing, Michigan.....&gt;!!!!!!!  February 4th and 5th! 

My FASO support tech was up at 3am with insomnia this morning and continued to work on my website.    I think I... 
00000: 
Need a website for your art?   I cannot say enough good things about FASO.   To address issues my friends and... 
Join me on the East side of Michigan in February for a two day workshop!  Let’s paint together!   :) 
I have been round and round the Mulberry Bush today....geez louise....I know Mac systems are supposed to make my... 
My Palette 


"Great Horned Owl"   by my dear friend Valentine.    This was painted from a siting here in Zeeland back in October. 
New artwork for sale! - "Winter Trees" - 
New artwork for sale! - "Winter Dune" - 
"Painters like children must learn to overcome their fear of the dark.  Let's Paint"   
If you painted with me I think you might like my one pass approach to painting watercolor......it's fast, it's... 
605 friends and followers have taken the time to watch me paint on my U Tube Debut painting demo...    Humble... 
New artwork for sale! - "Red Velvet" - 

I find it equally as difficult to find the "other" earring as I do the "other" sock....geez louise....what a waste of time.......

Thank you to the buyer from Pennsylvania who bought 8 greeting cards from me today through Fine Art America!... 




I sold a 30.00" x 22.38" print on 
I sold a greeting card on 
I sold a greeting card on 
I sold a greeting card on 
I sold a greeting card on 
I sold a greeting card on 
I sold a greeting card on 
I sold a greeting card on 

WOW Guys!    my video is really gaining momentum...you all rock...such support.   You amaze me every day.... 
00000: 
LOL...I am burning up the internet!   My new 
Painting Demonstration #1. 
I have had so many people ask me to do a video of my painting process.   In the link  on my wall below this one... 

Texas is on my mind....I will be heading there the third week of January....if any of my friends in the Dallas... 

There is a problem with unscented deodorant.......I can't remember if I put it on...somethings are so... 



It is so exciting to me to see people beginning to follow me on FASO...my new website.    I still wonder why?... 
Another beautiful painting from Valentin Katrandzhiev!   Bravo! 

YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I have my first follower on my new website!   Baby steps    Bay steps....but it feels... 
My new website was launched yesterday.   I hope you will visit my page and subscribe to blogs, new add ins and... 
One awkward step leads to another....and if I can continue forward without falling on my face too often....I will... 

Evening Thaw 
Hey   LOL...I remembered my twitter account password.....she shoots!   she scores!!!!!!!
So far my journey with setting up a website with FASO has been great up until now.   I tried to register my... 
OK FB Friends...I need a website pronto....what do you recommend?
IF you are planning on ordering something from Fine Art America for Christmas their shipping deadline is the 16th... 
I have to choose five paintings to be published next March in a... 

Porter leading the way....Dad is in the rear steering the raft and Porter is calling out the obstacles..... 
One of my small paintings sent to a lovely home in Texas.....:) :) :)  Thank you to my friend Marta for your... 
"Vision, without execution is just hallucination".....so alright already....Let's Paint!
Sandra Strohschein.
So excited....I just found 8000 photos that I thought were lost.....you cannot imagine....really 8000...this is... 
If you are interested in painting with me in Italy this coming June and have any questions please message... 
My friend Bill at the Watermill in Italy wrote a nice blog today.....check it out and like my course on their... 

So excited!   42 degrees and sunshine on fresh snow....heading out to paint en plein air!   AWESOME
I find myself thinking about next year.   Once again the bulk of my business is setting up for June and July in... 
To my international friends!   My brush sets are easily shipped to you overseas.   In most cases shipping is an... 
I wish I could offer you a Black Friday special on my brush sets....but they are already a fabulous price......I... 
We have an annual tradition at our house.....every year I ask Keith,  "Why do you insist on putting Frosty up and... 
It's not a holiday without slicing my finger!   Ouch...ouch ouch....how many of my friends sliced and diced a digit today?
Oh...I want to know what is your favorite part of the traditional Thanksgiving meal?   Mine ....stuffing...LOVE... 
My good friend John McFaul......wildlife artist and photographer and all around great guy......took this great... 
I have a lot to be thankful for this year....but this week was awesome....thanks to your support I shipped 12... 
My dear friend Valio has brought us sunshine in the gray of winter!  Thank you Val! 
Sagar painted our Lakelyn in her Halloween Tulle!   I think he did a wonderful work of art!   :) 
LOL...I see my friends in South Africa awake....and I think...wow,  they are awake early today.....and then I... 
Words I never imagined saying,  "Hey,  my picture was in the newspaper today in Bulgaria".........now how amazing... 

LOL....I am tweet worthy.   Who knew?   LOL
Oh these target rich adds here are killing me....every day I am seeing beautiful beaded wrap bracelets  (my... 
Thinking about my workshop in Italy next summer.  I will be teaching en plein air but also studio sessions.  But... 
New artwork for sale! - "Old Oak White Road" - 
New artwork for sale! - "Momentary Pause" - 
Just mentioning again for those who may be catching up on the week in Facebook.....I posted on Tuesday that I... 
10 paintings to mat and document and put in the mail on Monday.....I am very blessed and grateful to my collectors,  new and old!    :)
When I say "Let's Paint".....I mean it.   I don't mean tomorrow...or the next day...or the day after that.....if... 
Our harsh beginning to winter has not bothered Lakelyn.  She is ready for it....although I agree with her...this... 
More beautiful flowers from Ivelina!   :) 
"Bolata"   now SOLD.   Thank you to my buyer!  I appreciate your support of the fine arts!    Sandra L.... 
You know?   My painting friends will understand this....but I wonder sometimes if my non painting friends realize... 
Painting my small works for Christmas delivery....I took a nice number of orders yesterday and will be shipping... 
I have decided to offer my roses once again as a seasonal gift special.   And as an alternative a small winter... 
"November Snow"  12x18  transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Moulin du Roy 140# CP Block.   Rembrandt... 



A little Chicadee......we had a lovely fall....now it is time for winter......:) 
New artwork for sale! - "Tangled" - 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
OK...who knows I am smiling?   Keith is more reserved...he is trying to keep us on the road....not an easy... 

#4575   I don't stand a chance.    If anyone knows what I am talking about.....I would be surprised.
I want a phone that is cheap.   With prepaid minutes to give my grandchildren so I can talk to them when I want... 
Here are some beautiful flowers that my friend Ivelina painted! 
You know?   I wish that you could see my face when I write the words "thank you" on comments that you make to me.... 

Who is painting with me?    Seriously!    I am committing to teaching in Italy new June and in Spain, 2016.... 


TBT...Keith circa 1977.   Training at Fort Campbell, Kentucky.   Thanks for serving Keith! :) 
I am tired.  I painted all day today.  It's a good tired.    :)

OK...I have to say it....food should not hurt    .....   My word.....I just had a cracker with a little brown... 
Fascinating :) 
New artwork for sale! - "Companions" - 
This painting Sold recently.   I thank the buyer...I do not know who you are ...but thanks!   :)   (Sold through... 
I have a few sets left!   Please message me if you are interested.   I am in town this week and can send them... 
OK..I am in ....who wants to try this with me? 
I hear we are in for snow this week...and while I am not ready for winter I do love painting snow scenes.    Time... 
I love these guys.   I am feeling the Holiday spirit now after hearing this song....:) 
OK...I am inspired.....do the thing you were born to do!   OK????????? 
Ok....please my oil painting en plein air friends!   Please send me your best tips for taking this oil medium to... 
You know....I feel really fortunate to be able to watch One American News Network.   Only 20 million households... 

Really need to take your orders for Christmas for paintings and also a few remaining brush sets.     I will be... 
note to self.   The more brushes you use.....the more brushes you have to clean.......ugh....it's too late to be... 
Ok Oil painting friends...how do you deal with the chemical fumes?  At first I liked them but now my face itches... 
I found this on Fine Art America today!    Enjoy and share~ 
No excuse.    Let's paint! 
This painting was rendered by my friend Leonid Kirnus who used his new Sandra Strohschein Brush Set from Rosemary... 
I am filled with excitement today...simply because I am awake and I have the whole day ahead of me to paint.   So... 
My friend Valentin's newest painting.   An American raccoon.   This painting was started in my home in Michigan... 
"In the forest I stand humbled .......in such grandeur ......I am just a passing moment.....but I will do the... 
Artist Ruth Forman sent me this photo of work she did this weekend using my Sandra Strohschein Brush Set from... 
Today I painted in oils.   I like the way they smell.
The Sturgeon River is beautiful in every season!   If you are headed up to Northern Michigan,  take this trip!... 
Snowing with 50 mph winds off of the Big Lake.   Great.....poor little trick or treaters tonight......Brrrrrrrr.........
My friend Val has been painting today......how about you?    Get busy with it!  Let's Paint!   (Maybe just a few... 


This is the lovely place I am scheduled to teach at... 
Note to self.....do not ask a child how old they think you are......brutally honest......
Calendars   I have the images selected for the 2015 Calendar....but how is it possible that I am working on... 
Mailing brushes again today.    I have a couple sets left in inventory.....who is buying?    :)   Message me... 
There is a reason I am so happy about this package.   It is the season for surprises...and soon I will be able to... 
I don't quite know how to process a painting of mine being liked close to 6000 times and shared 1700 times in 13 hours.......still in shock.
Mailing out brush sets in the morning.......let me know if you would like a set before I head to the post office!  Thanks   :) :) :)

LOL....I just got back from the hair salon....I was in much need of a trim and I thought color.   The stylist... 

Happy Boo Week.......:)   From the littlest pumpkin in our patch! 
Hmm....cant get Pandora to load.....I love Pandora...wonder why.....
Off to paint on a beautiful Sunday afternoon!!!!!   :) :) :)  Let's Paint!   :)

Europe.   I will be in Europe next summer for a couple of months....this is how my schedule is shaping up....an... 
Good morning everyone!    :)

sweet child of mine acoustic
Mailing brushes out....still have a few more sets.   Let me know if I can send some your way!   Here is a link... 
Goodness....I am watching CNN right now....and watching the police in NYC suited up with gloves and face masks to... 
Drawing.   I am going to go out just drawing tomorrow.   To be honest I would much rather paint but tomorrow I am... 
Zeeland Harvest.   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Michigan  USA…..I am sorry for the farmers that they have not been... 
Thank you to the buyer from Minnesota for your purchase tonight of two prints from Fine Art America!   :)
Ugh.....It is cold, damp, dark and miserable outside....but I just discovered there is no cream in the... 
New artwork for sale! - "Riley Beach Trail" - 
New artwork for sale! - "Quincy Street" - 
“Quincy Street”   14x20 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA  Holbein Pigments,... 
My beautiful daughter and granddaughter.   Photo credit,  Ryan Gearhart, North Star Photographs....Ryan is an... 
Well...I whimped out.   I headed out to the Big Lake to paint...but was not dressed warm enough.  There was a... 
Starving...well that may be an overstatement....hungry...heading for some left over Lasagne from yesterday...and... 

Holidays are on my mind.....thinking of how busy I become matting and shipping paintings this time of year.    :)... 
Made a wonderful dish last night that I found in the Bulgarian cookbook that Val's wife Toni sent me.     Baked... 
Oh.....I have forgotten things before when I have set out to paint En Plein Air.....probably the most challenging... 



In painting....here is a tip...and I think it is true in life too....."If everything is important,  nothing is important".
Just an update on my eyes.    Yesterday there was a little improvement.  Today I just now noticed that I was... 
I think Ivelina has outdone herself with this one.  :) 
Right in my own back yard......marvelous! 
If you don't mind praying....I have scarring on my left eye from this virus.  The doctor is hopeful that the... 
Sold a painting this weekend!  To the Cystic Fibrosis Society of Colorado.   That was a pleasant surprise.   But... 
A beautiful evening on the Straits of Mackinac!  Great shot Val! 
The Lost Island Trail at Ludington State Park, Michigan.  A beautiful place to paint out and watch for birds! 
A beautiful morning on my back deck......Valio has once again found a moment....and captured it. 
I have the best news and I can't wait to share it with you all...but I have to wait....good night and sweet dreams !   :)
You know?   I am pretty happy with myself.....I have been struggling with my left eye for 9 days now.   And still... 
Happy Birthday to our Maci today.  She turns 5.   Pics later.
Thank you Dr. Cebula for treating my friend.  To see him without pain is such a blessing...one that your kindness... 
Currently have an eye infection that I can't get rid of.....so wishing something would help.
Esther Samples and I in Vancouver at the Artists For Conservation Festival.   I watched her paint beautiful... 
Artist For Conservation Festival,  with Craig Benson,  amazingly talented artist who specializes in... 
"A Patch of Blue"   12x9 Arches 140CP.  Holbein pigments.   Painting out in the Zeeland Wetlands this afternoon I... 
Painting is on my mind.......I need to paint...it has been over a week....today...I paint.  :) :) :)   Ten out of... 
Well I just returned to Chicago from my trip to Vancouver....you can see why I love Vancouver so much.   This... 
xa xa xa  All of my messages today were from Bulgarians.   I think I am officially Bulgarian now.   By the... 
How do I pin myself on a map on Facebook?  Does anybody know?
My knight in shining armor just showed up with a White Russian and Key Lime Pie.   I think this day is ending on a high note.   :)
I was going to spend a quiet afternoon painting....but I left my passport in Michigan so now I will be... 
Planes trains and automobiles....I am on the road again.  Got my gear reorganized and heading to Chicago.   Will... 
Can I just say thank you to my friends and followers for your incredible support of my artistic journey and... 

One of my friends asked me today if I was packing my bags for traveling to Chicago and Vancouver this week......I... 
Oh my word!   Facebook just told me I am blocked from making public comments.  Someone has reported me for... 
"Church Bells Are Ringing" by Angelo Galerio,  Canada.   Oil 40x24,  I think this interpretation of my moment on... 
Morning quick draw at the window...15 minutes of just letting color merge and run.  I love these quick exercises.... 
Home.  Flight delay.   Airport staff not on location when the plane landed.  Now I have a problem.  I have gone... 
If you haven't tried Rembrandt watercolor pigments by Royal Talens yet,  please do.  Canson is  the distributor... 

Today was the BEST day.    I reconnected with Janet Rogers,  my first instructor five years ago.    She will... 
Look at this canvas that my friend Angelo painted of me!!!!!!!!!!! 
Having a wonderful time in Florida with Tom and Bonnie Jones at the Florida State Watercolor Society Annual... 
I am in Florida.    I had lunch with Tom and Bonnie Jones and am super excited to be meeting many wonderful... 

Hi all!   I am going to be off the radar for a couple of days...heading down to Florida for the Florida... 
Making my favorite sammie tonight,  grilled cheese  faux grais with dried cherries....yum...and true to form,   I... 
My friend's daughter was kidnapped and sexually assaulted  a week ago Saturday in the Saginaw area.   She was... 
My spouse is in Alabama driving this car and I am home in cold raining Michigan....bah...grrr........ 
I would like to be an artist in residence in Key West.....from January until April....I think they could use a... 

Tonight....I put on my chef hat....put some cube steak on the stove,   Steve had potatoes cooking.....I began to... 

Oh working in a sandy wooded area this late afternoon....and I couldn't get the paper to dry fast enough as the... 
The sky and clouds are awesome....I am heading out looking for a vast field to paint with a strong emphasis on the sky......wish me luck!

Another stinking password to remember.....how many times will I have to reset my apple ID password......because I... 
This is my river...and my kind of fun!    Check out our Jamie and Meaghan's business up in Northern... 
A few weeks ago I mentioned I felt safer when Reagan was president.   This is exactly why. 
Oh....there is still time to go to the River!  It's not frozen over yet and fall is the most beautiful season of... 
Good grief it's 4:15 and I have frittered away this day.....still have not painted.......grrrrr heading to the studio now......
I have a whole weekend ahead of me with absolutely nothing I have to do other than ship out a painting to a... 
Our friend is ready to travel to  Vancouver but has not been approved for his VISA......so frustrating......I... 
Never forget.   You only have this moment.  Make it count. 
It amazes me that time and again, my paintings done in the field...or "en plein air" sell...and sell quickly....I... 
Today is a private lesson day!   And tonight the opening of the Michigan All Media Juried Fine Art... 
I am looking at my work on my HP monitor....and also on my MAC....wow!  What a difference........paintings that I... 
So on the spur of the moment I will find myself next Thursday in Florida attending the Florida Watercolor Society... 
WOW....it is raining so hard outside right now!!!!!!!

“Fivizanno at Dusk”  20x14 watercolor,  Sandra L Strohschein,  Holland, Michigan  USA    Holbein Pigments, Arches... 
"Last Wave of Summer"   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA...this is the last day I will be in the... 
Famous people are following me.....what's up with THAT?   Huh?     LOL...I am not going to take myself too... 
All these wonderful people following me.......it's terrifying....most days I don't know where I am going...but... 
Best advice my mother ever gave me...."Hold your stomach in".....LOL.....what's the best advice you ever got from your Mom?
I have been far too lazy this morning....but listening to the birds...coffee...a down blanket.....but now,  it's... 
Do I have any friends in Deerfield Beach Florida who could tolerate me for three nights next week?   Looking to make a quick trip there.....
Thank you to St. Cuthbert's Mill for sharing this on their page....couldn't do it without you! 
@StCuthbertsMill @sandystrohs  Thank you.  I use Saunders Waterford 200# CP almost exclusively!  Love it!!!!!
“Late Summer”  22x15 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein  USA 
I don't know about you but I struggle with positive self talk when I am painting....Maci was painting here... 
Busy week.....taught a one day work shop, Sold a painting, teaching private lesson on Thursday, attending... 
“Indian Summer” 22x15 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA   Saunders Waterford 200# CP,... 
Alla working hard at my workshop.   We had such a great time!   :) 
Alla and I painting out yesterday....Doug McKenzie is hard at work while we took a moment for a snap~  :) 
Plein Air Demo, Kirk Country Park 6/09/2014  Sandra L. Strohschien  USA 
It's a beautiful day!   Let's Paint!  :)
I woke up at 4:30 this morning and couldn't go back to sleep.......I am going to sleep good tonight!!!!!!!!!
Well I was 100% on every question.....skate shoot score!   :) :) :) 
Oh no!  I lost a friend.  Who want to be friends?
There is so much bad news in the world....but  friends of mine have been sharing their  wonderful news with me... 
Getting ready today for tomorrow's one day workshop out at the Big Lake with a nice group of students.   :)... 
I wanted rain today…..and got my wish…..a deluge of water……it was glorious.  Sandra L. Strohschein   USA 
Beautiful flowers from Oleg's hands to the world......thank you dear Oleg.  :) 
I just had to share this beautiful Calliope Hummingbird that my Bulgarian friend, Daniel Mitev photographed in... 
Heading out in the rain with my gear....I don't know if I will end up painting or not but it will be fun scouting... 

Trying to figure out how to peel myself off this porch swing.....I just don't want to...but feel the need to... 
The tree across the street….I have painted this in every season now.   I have to say, late fall is my... 
Here is a great blurb about our time in Tuscany!  Possible?  Oh I think anything is possible!   :)   This... 
It's official my dear friends!   Please check out this page and consider the pos 

We had such a great time this past weekend.  Poor littles were hoisted, tossed and hugged to pieces......I hope... 
“Niagra Falls”  11x14 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  En Plein Air, 10/2013 

“Harvest”  24x36 acrylic,  Sandra L Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA 
:) :) :) :)   I woke up this morning with a candy wrapper stuck to my face.   Really I did.   I have been sleep... 
New artwork for sale! - "Evening Thaw" - 
This is funny because I fell asleep 1/3 of the way through Star Wars and never watched any of the rest of... 
I Got Star Wars - What Movie Are You? 
“The White Pumpkin”  work in progress 24 x 36 acrylic…..lost my daylight….will keep at it tomorrow…..but it was a... 
Battling it out today with a large acrylic.    I think I am winning.  Maybe.   The nice thing is that I can make... 
I am asked often if my paintings are for sale.   Absolutely!   Just private message me!   My paintings are sold... 
A beautifully painted tray by my dear friend Joanne     I can picture this in so many kitchens or dining rooms.... 
“Summer’s End”  sandra l strohschein,  Zeeland,  Michigan  USA 
Summer’s End, Sandra L. Strohschein,  Zeeland     Michigan   USA 
“Path to the Sea” Bolata, Bulgaria, 8x14 watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland Michigan  USA 
It's is going to be a pastel day.    I have not done one in over two years....I wonder how this is going to... 
Interesting....and a good lesson for all of us.  :) 
Corn, blueberries, rasberries, tomatoes........that's what is happening i my kitchen today.    Why is it that the... 
Amazing wildlife paintings! 

I have always tried to keep my field equipment very simple....but today...I found an awesome umbrella at the... 
Oh what a morning I had painting out ......I got to Grand Haven, around 15 miles from home....without my palette.... 
Kirk County, 10 AM  Got there without my palette.  Painted from a book jacket cover.   Thank goodness I had my... 
Need a laugh?   God Bless this kid.     You will laugh for 15 minutes.  Promise. 
Want to see a great and inspiring movie?????   I give this one more than two thumbs... 
Now more than ever I miss President Reagan.   I felt safer when he was the President.
New artwork for sale! - "Fall on the Sturgeon River" - 
Dinner...what's for dinner?  Who's cooking me dinner tonight?   Hmmm   Mexican,  Chinese, Hmmm......fried egg?
This is me as a 3 year old.........LOL.....I love this little girl.......how about you? 
Christmas.....I wasn't going to mention this until September but today I received my first order for the... 
You know....I was just thinking.....The ISIS group is being compared to Hitler...but I think if  Hitler had one... 
To my dear friends and followers....if you would like me to see your paintings please send them private message... 
I am going to take a rest next week.    Going to Chicago with nothing more on my agenda than lying in the sun.  I... 
Thinking about the light.....it's so different everywhere I go.  Here in West Michigan it is difficult to portray... 
I hope it is beautiful in the morning....I want to paint out.   ;)
Inspiration.....or lack there of......when you paint every day for five years.....well...enough... 
Holland State Park, August 18th, 2014, Sandra L. Strohschein.  USA 
Oh bother.....I went to a playground last night with Maci...I woke up this morning with pink eye.  I hope I still... 
Still have room in my one day paint out along Lake Michigan September 6th, which is a Saturday....I plan on... 
Just a quiet evening.....spent the afternoon at the beach.....now for a quiet bike ride and coffee on the deck.... 
Did you know?  Most of the time I feel like I don't know what I am doing....but I do it anyway.  Why not.  &lt;3
Fun with acrylic....it's been a L O N G time....didn't realize how much I missed the feel of the brush bouncing... 
Somethings in life...are so nice.....right now...coffee on the deck and the neighbor is cutting the lawn....yes... 
The other day I posted a photo that four year old Porter took of Meaghan.   This is the photo he took of me.... 
@kikiveestar @FineArtAmerica Thanks Victoria!  ;)
Wow...scarey moment......I just got blocked out of my own gmail account.   Saying it was compromised........thank... 
Hey!!!!!!   Who said September could show up in the middle of August?   Brrrrrrrrrrrrr.....my nose is cold and I... 
New artwork for sale! - "Sunset on the Sturgeon" - 

I sold a 20.00" x 12.25" print on 
My beautiful Meaghan.    Photo taken by her 4 year old son Porter.  I think he is quite the little photographer.   :) 
Lakelyn just looked at me and said   "Are du dowing du doe paint?"   I and said   "Yes!   Wet's... 
Oleg.   Helps us hang on to summer......with a beautiful painting....thanks Oleg! 
I just found out that one of my FB friends Edward Bowles has passed away.   I am so sad.   He was always in my... 
I was called "Boring and Cliche" today.    Anything but.   Moron.    :)  :)  :)

For my West Michigan friends....I am teaching a one day paint out along Lake Michigan, Grand Haven area Saturday... 
I was asked to teach in Provence next June but was already committed to Italy...so now we are looking at 2016.... 
Full Moon over Wolverine,  August 9th, 2014.  Sandra L. Strohschein  Wolverine,  Michigan  USA  Celebrating my... 
Another beautiful example of the finest art, by master watercolorist,  Oleg Kozak.  Thank you Oleg for sharing... 
I am heading up north tomorrow.   It's Meaghan's birthday....and we are hoping to get out on the Sturgeon and do... 
Interesting to note that the hospital, a place to find wellness and healing...served me a sandwich made on white... 
So...OK my dear friends......I had symptoms of TIAs or Transient Ischemic Strokes this week.   I now have had a... 
Wanna get wet this weekend?????   Head up to Sturgeon River Paddlesports,  Wolverine,  Michigan....my son in law... 
Beautiful morning light from my dear Oleg. 
A passionate song to share with my friends...this lady lives full on.....enjoy! 
A day for good news!    I submitted three works of art to the Michigan All Media Juried Fine Art Competition.... 
There is an alarm on my bed that sends an alert to the nurses station if I leave my bed.   Apparently I am a high... 
I asked Keith to please bring me a few things from home.  One being a comforting nightgown....you know the kind... 
So here's the thing....I find myself admitted to the hospital this afternoon.   Trying to figure out why I have... 
painting en plein air in September,  one day class session...thinking a Saturday in September....painting out at... 
Ah, night falls, frogs croaking, crickets singing...bats beginning to flutter through the air....the sky is... 
Today I tried something new....I painted on illustration board with a slippery smooth surface.   I wanted more... 
"Yupo Roses"   Sandra L. Strohschein 10x8.  This piece came up in conversation today and I thought it merited... 
Do I have any friends in Bellingham, Washington?
I ship internationally and accept money orders and  paypal.......so....sales are not limited to the US!   For my... 
"A moment in the sun", Posara, The Watermill.    I love simple scenes like this...and the value study is such a... 
This was the view from my landing at "The Watermill" in Posara where I will be teaching next June.   What I did... 
I wonder what I will paint tomorrow......I have a few ideas......I am thinking of Italy....I have some wonderful... 
Oh I have been working with Bill at the Watermill to line up a week of teaching next June in Italy....and the... 

Oh Brother....I packed up my junk and headed out to the beach to paint.   I selected a location high up on a... 
I am sold out of my Rosemary brushes.....awesome.   :) :) :)   Ordering more to have available for Christmas.   I... 
LOL...why is it on days that I have the opportunity to sleep in.....I wake up early?   Wah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  What' up with that??????
So one of my littles was using my IPAD in the backseat yesterday.   I came home to almost 200$ in game charges in... 
"My Favorite Oak"  30x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan USA...the tree across the street... 
Take your group out on the Sturgeon!  Summer or Winter...just call Jamie at Sturgeon River Paddlesports! 
It's July and I am wearing shorts....I don't care how cold it is.   Bah!
Working hard at learning how to paint in watercolor......a great afternoon together.....this guy is serious about... 
"Sweet Home Alabama" just came on Pandora and the two year old says,  "Louder, Grama... 
Yesterday.....Holland State Park,  six miles from my house....was the coldest place in the lower 48 States....and... 
Lake City on Saturday....thought the rig behind me was so cool.......Sandra L Strohschein,  MICHIGAN!!!!!!!!! 
I will not be painting for a couple of days.....busy with my Grama Gram at on....I hope you will all paint for me!
Another great painting by my dear friend Oleg Kozak  ;) 
Tonight we had nothing better to do than follow a balloon through the sky....we watched it soar and then slowly,... 
Check our Meaghan and Jamie's  business up north.....Great merchandise.....they sold out of their first... 
Off to see the Littles for the first time in almost two months!!!!!!!!    happy Grama Gram!!!!!!, 
Proof that FB ads work.   For the first time in my seven years here....I saw an ad for a product, checked it out... 
Painting when my heart is not in it......rarely, if ever, work for me.    You too?
Ah.....where to go next?
I haven't shared an awesome bird photo in awhile....but I came across this one by my friend Piotr Piotr... 
I sold a 24.00" x 15.63" print on 


I have to admit.....I love movie scores....I really do.....especially when painting.
It's so cold this morning!   Like fall out here!!!!!!!!!
It was a red flag night out at the Big Lake.....and that means the rip currents are really dangerous.   No... 
We have red flag conditions out at the Big Lake tonight.  This means that rip currents are dangerous and no... 


"Hey it's Wednesday.....half way through the week!   Keep smiling!   And don't forget a great hat makes every day... 
I thought these Tiger Lillys  matched my Tiger's shirt...and they were so tall!!!!  I love summer!    Sandra L.... 
Talk to me......

A beautiful spray of red flowers by my dear friend Ivelina!   She ships internationally......I know...I have two... 
"Grand View, Mackinac Island"  15x22 watercolor   SOLD.   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Ah...the wind is whipping up....this means big waves at the beach today......:) :) :)
Today I have two ladies coming over to check out my work in person.  After that....it' s the beach.   in the 90s... 

This has been a good year.  :) 
A beautiful start to your week......... 
My Lemon Cupcakes.    Take any yellow cake mix recipe you like and instead of using all water use half water and... 
I am making my own lemon cupcakes at the moment.....and I know already....they are going to be better than... 
Get your Squatch shirts designed by Meaghan from SRPS......Ha!  I ordered one....love it..... 
I have been trying for weeks to figure out WHY there is a strong smell of butane in my studio....it makes me feel... 
Found this on Mike Carabetta's wall...thought you guys would love it.... 
I have some ladies coming over next week to look at my art and potentially make a purchase or two.   If you are... 
Something good is cooking!!!!!!! 
New mattress has arrived two weeks later.....and guess what?     Has absolutely no smell whatsoever.......thank... 
Cupcakes....jonesin for a cupcake...but a good one....I want a really good cupcake.
I have a list a mile long but cannot get off the porch swing this morning.......the birds singing are keeping me... 
Good week this week.....brush set sold, two originals sold and a workshop completed with six demos in two days.... 
OK Peeps......if you love me....share this video.....I want to see 200 shares on this video....can we make it... 
I posted 19 photos on Facebook in the album "Let's Paint West Michigan, 2014 Plein Air" 
I am tired.  Let's faint.
West Michigan Plein Air with Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland Michigan....we had a great day!   A cold start for... 
"Summer Solstice, Alaska"  14x20 Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein, Alaska, plein air.  Late at night...while... 
I can't find myself...does anybody know where I am?
Here is an amazing video made for me by Geoff Oliver of our flight in Alaska on June 29th.   Combining photos I... 
I receive so much support from my friends through your encouraging words,  shares, likes and purchases.....thank... 
Ketchikan Rain,  16x20. Plein air.  ( in the rain ).   Sandra l. Strohschein.   Alaska.  July 2014. 
It's never as bad as I think it is....sometimes it's worse.......:)  but let's paint anyway.  :)

Hi ho Hi Ho...it's off to paint I go........location painting today...tomorrow is supposed to be super cold so I... 
I love painting.  I really do.   This is "Baby By the Sea" SOLD.  She lives in my heart and in the private... 
I had a bad cupcake last night.    It was like a man.....it takes a bad one to appreciate a really good one.    .....Sandra L. Strohschein.
I forgot to post my Anchorage Cupcake video.....so here it is!!!!!!! 
I have the wild and crazy urge to just paint my way.   Loose, fast, crazy....spontaneous....reckless....beautiful... 
One of my Littles......spent the day at the pool together.....bliss......Sandra L. Strohschein 
Paint your heart out today.....:) 
I baked cookies today....I am thinking a night cap of two cookies and a glass of milk.   Cheers.....:)   This... 

Cupcakes.....going on a cupcake hunt tonight.
And speaking of Green...as we were talking about yesterday.....here is a man who knows how to portray Green... 
Early morning paint out Zeeland.....my hometown......there is really no place like home.....except Europe.... 

Color used to it's full advantage is a beautiful thing....but it doesn't replace value.   :)   I love them both.   :)
I have no plans to go anywhere for awhile.........plans shaping up for Europe next year.   Teaching in... 
Desperately wishing I could once and for all find that wonderful green that looks real and not garish ....too... 
I have heard from a couple of people that they are sad that I am not posting photos or paintings and wonder if I... 


Tired.   Just simply tired.   I feel like a long distance runner and I have to find the energy for the final... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Congratulations to Valentin.  His painting,  "Echo From Yesterday" has been accepted into the annual Artist For... 
Sounds like a great idea for a Sunday afternoon if you are in Northern Michigan.   :) 
My pilot, Geoff,  had a mountain biking accident today....he will recover...but keep him in your prayers....rough... 
Stood on the deck tonight while my neighbor has a loud rocking party going on with a DJ......danced and painted... 
Well,  it finally happened.....I have seen a design by me being used by a business without my permission.... 
Free Giclee sent to the first person who can crack this code.   Butters,  Sticky Buns and Honey Bee.    :)
A mattress story.    Thursday I went out and bought a beautiful top of the line foam mattress.   It was delivered... 
Good grief....I just took a life expectancy test answered with complete honesty....and expected to get the hammer... 
We have the most absolutely beautiful day ever for the 4th of July...clear skies...mid 70s......heading to the... 
Good morning!  IT's a beautiful day.....I will be painting I hope you have the opportunity to get your brushes out too!    :)  Let's Paint!
I am excited.   I just sent out an email to my group that is painting out with me on the 16th and 17th of July.... 
Studio Cakes....Anchorage.....cupcakes.....five stars.   I took a video but I look so old, tired and worn out it... 
Some nice music to listen to by my friend Rui, a fabulous musician..... 
I am taking 8 people out painting with me in two weeks from today....one person had to cancel.   If you are from... 

Slept 14 hours last night....I think I was a little tired....LOL.....
Our bags arrived in Grand Rapids this afternoon via American Airlines...the final carrier in our journey.    They... 
American Airlines.....lost luggage.   We stood at the ticket counter in Grand Rapids and made arrangements with a... 
Just endured the plane ride from ...well...you know....Six hour flight....20 toddlers most of whom screamed,  not... 
A little packing advice.....I have learned that a number of clothing essentials can also double as pajamas.... 
This is my beautiful sister Cynthia.   Inside and Out. 
LOL...When I woke up this morning I thought..."OH good...tonight,  tonight,  I will sleep in my own bed.....then... 
Meaghan and Jamie's outfitter business had a great day yesterday!  If you are in Northern Michigan be sure and... 
More beautiful music has found it's way to me today......thank you dear friends....you have all lifted my spirits... 
I get to go home today.   :)  Happy artist.
I am at this wonderful lodge bed and breakfast in Wasilla, Alaska....and I am tired and homesick.   The woman in... 
I love it when my friends send me songs.....especially if something I have said or painted reminds them of one.   Bring it!   &lt;3
Good news from my reps up north.....an original of Lake Michigan is SOLD.  Always nice to hear.    If you are in... 
It is possible to injure yourself in your sleep.   I know this now.   Last night I drank a martini before I went... 
Woke up to sunshine this morning......and cannot believe the scenery.....blue mountains, green trees, snow capped... 
Last night I had my MAC charging on the nightstand next to the bed.....in the middle of the night I reached for a... 
Just me and my camera in rainy Alaska....desperately looking for inspiration....
Sandra L. Strohschein, Alaska,  USA 
Road weary....very very road weary......I can't wait to get home to my own bed.......we spent 8 hours driving... 
A little warm up to get my creativity going today!    Let's Paint!!!!!!     Sandra L Strohschein 
I felt something I haven't felt in a long time....a wave of homesickness.   I saw a photo of my studio at... 

I have the most wonderful photos and a couple videos to share with you when I get back on land with good internet... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Sailing out of Juneau and heading towards Skagway.   Five paintings today....I think I will call it a night.... 
Mendenhall Glacier Ice Float......Sandra L. Strohschein,  Juneau,  Alaska 
A beautiful entry into Juneau this morning.   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Alaska,  USA 

Quick sketches done from the balcony as the ship sails by...most less than ten minutes....better than a post... 
I keep getting kicked out of the internet...I am trying to thank you all for your kind comments, shares and likes... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Teaching my workshop in the morning on the cruise...I was painting earlier and noticed that I was really feeling... 
Painting out in the harbor today......while waiting for the ship to leave.   I am fascinated with the container... 
internet is slow and expensive....so if I don't respond to you over the next few days I apologize.......but will... 
It will be an exciting day!  Today we are going to head over to Canada Place to hop on board the "Island... 
So Princess just bumped us up again.....another upgrade......we didn't ask...but we did accept......this trip... 
I have a new goal this year.  Publishing my own book by Spring of 2015.   Yep.
It has been a cupcake day...and so far...that has been only one awesome part of it.    We rode bikes around the... 
I know I shouldn't be thinking about another trip while I am just beginning one but I am looking at teaching a... 
Meaghan is pretty talented with the camera and graphics.......talented and educated designer....so proud of you... 
Packing on 4 hours sleep with a new computer system that I am trying to learn, packing semi formal wear, casual... 
This is my beautiful sister Cindy.   Isn't she gorgeous~   and she is just as beautiful on the inside.   &lt;3 U Sis! 
Well dear friends.....I am looking at teaching a workshop in Posara, Italy, next June.....I need 10 peeps to go... 
Has anyone had success with a Mac Pro enabling Facebook Video Chat?
Keith just got a phone call from Princess....we received a free upgrade and now have a balcony ....there will be... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Alaska.....Alaska is what is on my mind.    Let than 34 hours I leave for the airport....guess I should start... 
Currently working with two travel group to set up workshops in Europe next year.    I hope there are friends that... 
Ivelina Vladimirova and I a month ago in Bulgaria....thank you Ivelina.....I had so much fun spending time with... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Painting out in the Balchik Palace Garden, Bulgaria, May 2014.   An artist could paint at this location for... 
Do I have any friends using a Mac Pro?   How do you like it....do you get the full facebook experience with it?... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Trying out Graham pigments today given to me by Mark Mehaffey.....he advised me to only use them in studio as... 
I went to water my geraniums today and look what I found......the Mama Robin was not too pleased with me for... 
We had so much fun last night....after Porter's baseball game we all went to Drost to have ice cream.   Without... 




Four days left until I leave for Alaska!   I am not even close to being ready to go.....but I am readjusted to... 
A new business begins in Northern Michigan!   Sturgeon River Paddlesports, owned and operated by my son in law,... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
On the way to see my up north Littles!    Thus the big smile!!!!!    Lake City Michigan!!  Sandra L. Strohschein 
A nice gentle start to your week!   :)  Beautiful day to you dear friends!  Sandra.... 
Someone asked me yesterday what I use on my hair.......to keep it straight and shiney.    I don't color... 
Sometimes I get overwhelmed with excitement and information...today is one such day and it makes the most mundane... 
I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Michigan Watercolor Society 2014 Artist Reception" 
I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Michigan Watercolor Society 2014 Artist Reception" 
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Michigan Watercolor Society 2014 Artist Reception" 
This is what I looked like before we started our drive across the State today for the opening of the 2014... 
We are stuck in a terrible 30 mile traffic jam...almost at a dead stop....and the air conditioning has stopped... 
"You think you know what the answer is until you have actually lived the question.".....Sandra L.  Strohschein.... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I just received a phone call from the Michigan Watercolor Society that my painting,  "Portrait of a Master" has... 
My beautiful friend Ivelina and I.  This photo was taken at Kaliakra, Bulgaria three weeks ago today.   I wish it... 
I have a thing for Heath bars.    I adore them.    What's your favorite candy?
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I had the supreme pleasure of getting up close and personal with this herd of sheep in the Dry River Valley,... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Lost two things going through security at the airports.  One was a pair of scissors.   They were inspected and... 
New equipment at Sturgeon River Paddlesports......if you are heading up to Northern Michigan this weekend you can... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Collision,    16x20 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein.   photo reference courtesy of Valentin Katrandhiev. 
Hi Ho...Hi Ho....off to my favorite chiropractor's office I go......Haven't seen him since the Sunday  (yes... 
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "ITALY 2014" 
This weekend....I travel across the State on Saturday to the artist reception for the Michigan Watercolor Society... 
I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "ITALY 2014" 
Quick Iris Study done En Plein Air last evening in my neighbors beautiful Garden, transparent watercolor, 20x8.... 
I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album "ITALY 2014" 
I posted 21 photos on Facebook in the album "ITALY 2014" 
I posted 18 photos on Facebook in the album "ITALY 2014" 
I have a lot of paintings around here....if there is anything you are interested please let me know.   Would love... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Last night out at the Big Lake.  (Michigan)......So happy to be out there without my winter coat on.   Sandra L.... 
So here's the thing.....my friend Alda pointed out to me in Italy that my purpose for attending the workshop at... 
Ah......happy to be running to the post office before the noon rush to mail out some brush sets and a couple of... 

So....I have a question.......there is discussion of my leading a workshop in Italy next year.   If you are... 
Out at the Big Lake last night.....without my winter coat on....fantastic!  Have a beautiful day!   Sandra L.... 
Thank you for the great feedback today on international plane travel.   Here is another question for you... 
OK.....here is the only problem I had in almost three weeks of travel.  UNITED Airlines.    They get a 4 on a... 
Lunch is served!!!!!!! 
Evening in Vivizzano, Italy.   22x15 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,    USA 
Sunshine in Bulgaria,   Watercolor, 10 x14.  Sandra l. Strohschein 
Home sweet home.......I love Michigan......Sandra L. Strohschein,  photo credit,  Keith E. Strohschein. 
5am....awake.....but getting back on track....tonight...I will stay up a little later and by tomorrow should be... 
Alaska.....two weeks from today I will be heading to Vancouver to get ready to paint out in Alaska......Europe is... 
Look at these awesome boats.....brand new equipment....on site parking...no hassling with the State... 
Some of Jamie's merchandise.....I really encourage you all to go up and paddle with Jamie! 
Oh dear...the clock says 5PM...but my body is screaming midnight.......
Lunch with friends.....ah....I had such a great time in Bulgaria.....:) 
I have two brush sets left......before I order more.....any takers?  Send me a message.....
If you don't have a towel to dry off with...use a friend!   This was after I went swimming in the Black Sea...Ive... 
Three travel tips.   One.....this is kind of old...but I forgot to do this on this trip and it made a different.... 
Monte Bianchi Italy,   En Plein Air,   Sandra L. Strohschein,    back in the USA.  This was painted out in about... 
Oh dear.... I accidently brushed gently against the shoe of a man sitting in first class.   He gave me the... 
LOL...Friends should not let friends do this.......I loved the dessert at lunch yesterday,   Italian Lemon Ice... 
Of course I would be drawn to render a simple tree....but these beautiful mountains made a lovely background!... 
Sitting on a lovely wall in Italy....gorgeous view behind me.  I painted three paintings from this... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
My dear friend,  Keiko and I.      I have no words for what this woman means to me.     Sandra  Strohschein.... 
Pleir air somewhere in Italy!    Two wines and five desserts later I can't remember much!  S l Strohschein! 
Shooting reference photos in Bulgaria.....it was hot and sunny.   Photo credit Valentin Katrandzhiev. 
I have made some amazing friendships on this journey,   Kish is one of them.   This is an interesting story.  She... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Turkey has just popped up..I have always wanted to see Istanbul!
I found out that Arches is supplying a pad of paper to the attendees of my workshop aboard the Island Princess in... 
I have had a good week....I sold three paintings that I have done since being in Italy.    Thank you for your awesome support!
Hanging out with my dear friend Keiko Tanabe.   She is just the best.  Artist and friend. 
LOL......LOL.....multitasking........I put the first wash down and then dried my still wet hair and my painting... 
Portugal,  France are places that are being discussed today....it looks like I am going to be a busy artist.....this is wonderful.   :)
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
What a nice album Valentin is compliling from my time in Bulgaria!   Keep the photos coming Val!   Thank you! 
To my friends in Europe,  many of you have expressed an interest in me teaching over here....if you are serious,... 
Vivizanno Statue.....s l Strohschein......Italy......sigh...it is a good life!  16x12 
Where can I go next.?....sell paintings.....(sell paintings....)  see the world and meet my friends.....:) :) :)
I painted Vivizzano in the rain today......it was quite a challenge and a lot of fun.....this is a 20x16... 
A little extreme painting anyone?    Valio Katrandzhiev was videoing....I was trusttin him to watch the weather... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Painting in the rain today,   Fivizzano ....Italy.    Sandra L. Strohschein 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I found this to be an appealing subject this afternoon.......what do you think?  Did I capture the essence of the... 
Just  fell on by tushie,.........wear grippy shoes on wet marble........sigh......
Roses from the Arbor,   En Plein Air,   Tuscany    Sandra L. Strohschein 
Tuscany,  En Plein Air.   Sandra L. Strohschein..........Italy. 
Today it is raining and storming out.......for me,   no problem......I painted out in Bulgaria last week in a... 

My friend Kish and I....at dinner this evening....she was the wonderful friend who let me use her pigments... 
Thank you Valio for sharing your world with me.    Bulgaria is amazing.   Sandra L. Strohschein,    Balchik Bulgaria. 
If you call yourself a painter you must remember to take your paints with you when you go out and about painting.... 
Painting out in the beautiful Tuscany sunshine......ah.....Italy is very inspiring.....:)  Sandra L.... 
This is a good way to start the day.....wouldn't you agree?   Sandy,  Fivizzano.......Italy   Beautiful day to... 
Our son in law Jamie and our daughter Meaghan opened their own business this weekend...So proud of them.   If you... 
Some flowers from the garden today......s l Strohschein. 
Me at the end of the day....5 paintings.....I would call that a good day! 
Value study of the morning laundry......I love doing these....it is great for discovering just how much pigment... 
Morning sketch....30 minutes before breakfast......just warming up......what a glorious morning in... 
This is my  new friend Flavia.   She owns the "Five Roses"  bed and breakfast in Pisa Italy.    She picked me up... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Painting out today at the Posara,  Water Mill, Tuscany.......a lovely afternoon!    Sandra L. Strohschein,  Italy 
If  I  not mistaken I have  two or three brush sets left  in the US.......that I can ship in the US.......for... 
A tip for traveling in strange cities with tall walls.........take photos along the way....then you can trace... 
And  while we are on the subject of claustrophobia........did I mention how hard it is for me ......a giant... 
More fun...really have to keep my sense of humor.....today....I got myself locked in my room.   LOL....I have... 
Pisa,  En Plein Air,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Pisa, Italy, 23/05/2014 
Table for one please........I am in Pisa, Italy tonight....riding around on dear Flavia's bicycle.    The traffic... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
So OK.  I am in Varna, Bulgaria...in the old market district and I have to use the bathroom.    The closest one... 
I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "New Friends in Bulgaria" 
I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "New Friends in Bulgaria" 
I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "New Friends in Bulgaria" 
I posted 8 photos on Facebook in the album "New Friends in Bulgaria" 
Bulgaria, Black Sea Coast,  Sandra L. Keith E. Strohschein 
I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album "Beautiful Bulgaria" 
I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "Beautiful Bulgaria" 
I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Beautiful Bulgaria" 
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Beautiful Bulgaria" 
I posted 12 photos on Facebook in the album "Beautiful Bulgaria" 
Pisa, en plain air, 23/5/2014. Sandra l strohschein 
It really does lean........Sandra L. Strohschein... 
I thought about tipping the tower over with my paintbrush...but decided to leave well enough alone....LOL  Sandra... 
Painting out in Pisa today.   Lovely lovely day for painting....Sandra L. Strohschein,  Pisa,  Italy. 
I have been off the radar for a week but the beautiful scenery kept me very busy.......I hope you are... 
"Five Roses" ....I am staying at a lovely B&amp;B in Pisa for two days before I head south to Posara.    It is... 
Balchik, Bulgaria.   Sandra L. Strohschein......oh what a beautiful morning along the Black Sea Coast. 
Breakfast in Bulgaria,   Lunch in Vienna,   Dinner in Munich....bed in Pisa, Italy.   How is that for a busy day?... 
Poppies anyone?   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Bulgaria. 
Today is a travel day to Italy......keep me in your thoughts and prayers.....I have a tight turn over in Vienna... 
The poppies in Bulgaria are prolific right now.    A beautiful hot, sunny day, enjoying this beautiful terrain!... 
Just a simple field sketch today....I am tired and needed something just quiet and understated.   Tomorrow I head... 
Painting in beautiful Bulgaria yesterday afternoon.......
Sandra L.Strohschein. 
I have been painting too......this was done in front of Val/Toni and Teo's farm in a town that I still cannot say... 
Here is the view from my rock ledge...pardon my dust and sweat......it's hard to be a glamour girl in the... 
Can you find me?   I am in there  somewhere.......Dry River Bulgaria,  photo credit,  Valentin Katrandzhiev. 
So we painted......I have to finish this piece in studio because it was seriously becoming dangerous......I have... 
I turned around to face my easel and this is what I found......and I thought....it's quite possible I am going to... 
Unbeknownst to me a storm is rolling in from the West.  I am oblivious because I have already done my preliminary... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Yesterday I knew what it felt like to be a queen.   My friends treated me like royalty.  Actually this is the... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Today was so funny.......Ivelina has a limited knowledge of English......Valio has a limited knowledge of... 
Today,  Valio was convinced to try aquarelle....at the Balchik Palace Gardens....just an amazing experience....it... 
I posted a new video to Facebook 
Ivelina Vladimirova painting in the beautiful morning sun off the balconey in Balchik, Bulgaria.    She is as... 
Plein Air,  Transparent Watercolor,  16x20  Balchik,  Bulgaria    Sandra L.  Strohschein,     :) 
Plein Air.....Bolata, Bulgaria,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  16x20  watercolor.   :) 
Ivelina and I ....we keep laughing about our difference in height!    But our passion for watercolor is equal!... 
My friend, Valio.  Thank you for everything.  Your time and help over the years.   :)
Sandra L. Strohschein,... 
I posted 25 photos on Facebook in the album "Beautiful Bulgaria" 
Hey...I am back.....I had trouble with the internet for 24 hours....but here I am .....I had the best day out in... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Hey!   I am back on!   Did you miss me?   I missed you but I had a wonderful day touring and painting in the... 
A beautiful morning in Balchik.....bliss........s l Strohschein,    Bulgaria 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Frau Strohschein says,  "Guten Morgen"....  LOL...I have never been called Frau Strohschein before.     :) :)... 
Foreign Voices....music to my ears......I think I will be doing more listening than talking.......and it is... 
Another Poppy painting for fun.....I did this a little while ago but I still love it.....Sandra L. Strohschein,... 
Sitting in Germany.    Not where I planned on being at this moment...but it is where I am.    And I get to spend... 
Sitting in Chicago....still......no status updates.....nothing.....because I am ticketed through Lufthansa,... 
Fire at ohare....eveyrthing is shut down......
And just why was I at the local Walmart at midnight last night during a severe thunderstorm with torrential rain?... 
LOL......Quote of the day.....and typical for us......me to Keith....."Is that legal?   What we just... 
Right before we left the driveway Keith mentioned that the Lilacs began to bloom literally overnight.    So  we... 
"Sun and Poppies"   watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA 
Maci and I...............it was a lovely Mother's Day.    &lt;3 
"No Sandy, you've had enough chocolate for one day"....she said to herself with a sigh........
I had coffee with this group this morning.....it seemed fitting on Mother's Day.....Sandra L. Strohschein,... 
Globe trotting.....starts tomorrow........are you ready to travel?   Let's go!!!!!!!!!!!!  Sandra L. Strohchein,... 

Happy Mother's Day to all my friends .....who are Mothers!    We've "got this"   Right?     To the most... 
It's   here!!!!!!!!!!    My paper has arrived...................Now  I can relax.   :)    Sort of.
Oh....YES!!!!!!!   The status on my paper says  "out for delivery"..........I am over the moon happy!
Well.....we tried.....but did not bring home a win......but thank you all so much for your support and voting for... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Gotta hand it to Alvaro.   He managed to get me a package in less than a week from Uruguay.....how's THAT for... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
My paper is  Belleville Michigan..........I wonder if it will arrive tomorrow at my doorstep......where is... 
So .....A t &amp; t.......paid the bill that we are in dispute with.....they could not pay DISH directly.....which is... 
Spring has finally arrived at my front door!   Enjoying hot weather today.  :) :) and what do you know?... 
This is a nice compilation of the 19 finalists for the Tulip Time competition.   Voting ends tomorrow.......enjoy... 
This is my kind of Tweet!  :) 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I have to give Ross credit at At and t .....he is trying to help....but his superiors aren't calling us back like... 
Did you know?   Did you know?   If you order with Dick Blick online......listen CAREFULLY.......I placed an order... 
Lord have mercy.....there is a funny bone in your knee....did you know that?   I just slammed mine into my... 
Check out these beautiful wildlife paintings that are available.   :) 
Oleg.   Enough said.  :) 

Sharing my friend Rena's pencil drawing page....she rocks it out! 
Brag moment.......sigh......I am melting...... 
So.....do I have any friends who are excited to watch  24 tonight?     I am........I love Jack.......
Hi everyone!   I was in Grand Rapids today working with a wonderful student....Doug.    I expect great things... 
So put on the big shirt and paint already!!!!!!!!!!!   Sandra L. Strohschein    USA 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

"Snow Fence"  22x15 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
I went out to my Lake today to discover that all of the ice and snow is finally gone!     Outstanding!    Let's... 
Instructor tip.......if you order with Daniel Smith......and ask for their instructor discount you will receive... 
So excited......one week and I begin my travels........now ordering paint and paper and brushes.     I have... 
Oleg's paintings always want to make be there...in the moment .....thank you Oleg for sharing your beautiful work... 
"Pacific Northwest"  24"x24" watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA  Photo reference... 
@sandystrohs  You do not understand my frustration.    Until you have paid a company over 30K over 20 years only to get screwed by them.
@ATTCustomeI   I did "follow" you reluctantly....because I don't want you on my twitter account.........what is DM and how do I do it?
@ATTCustomerCare    No reply.  I am so appalled by the blatant lies and arrogance @ ATT.  Notifying consumer fraud dept. at Wood TV 8.
@ATTCustomerCare @sandystrohs
Oh my goodness!!!!!   More insanity with At&amp;t....first of all the "hero" who was worried about my tweet and... 
Painting out at lake Michigan last November......so glad to be on the other side of winter.....Sandra L.... 
Where will our brushes take us today?    Choices to choices.....Let's Paint you guys.....(as we like to say in Michigan)
At and  t tweeted me yesterday........saying they loved a challenge and wanted to fix my problem.      All talk... 
What a great study of values.....thanks for sharing your painting with us Oleg.   I love the subtle shifts..... 
"A New Day"   12x16 Transparent Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA....(Sorry for the... 
@ATTCustomerCare You can contact DISH network and tell them that we discontinued service on 2/14/2014 via ATT. We were not told to call DSH.
@ATTCustomerCare @sandystrohs
AT&amp;T  stinks.   I rarely complain on my page but I am so angry with them.    If you are considering using AT&amp;T U... 
I am studying Carlson's book on landscape painting.........totally mesmerized.... 
"A New Day"   12x16 Transparent Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   USA 
How nice, what a classy send off to Jamie who is beginning his own River Guide Operation.   Thank you for your... 
Been a long time since I was up all night with a baby........I am feelin it this morning.....UGH......(Said baby... 
Interesting week here in the US and it's just the start of Wednesday......Keith is in Alabama.....I hope the wind... 
I know it's late....and probably not a good time to start painting but I can't stop myself......so ....Let's... 
Note to self....NEVER let a strong willed two year old pick out my clothes and accessories for the day.....again......LOL.....
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Sunset on the Ridge"  15x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Hollnd,  Michigan   USA  <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
"Spring in the Northern Michigan Meadow"   Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA  <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
I left the house thinking I would go for a 15 minute ride on my favorite road,  "White Road".....15 minutes... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I shot this photo driving up 1-75....well  Keith was driving......but I loved the moment.....it's not the... 
First friend who tells me why we are smiling gets a signed giclee.......I have posted this scenario before.....if... 
This beautiful painting is available and the artist ships internationally! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

ohhhhh  it's not looking good for the Home team........
I was asking you all to do the TWIST with me tomorrow.....4/25........Please if you like my painting......please... 
TOMORROW &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;I am going to ask all of my friends to TWIST with me.    I need your  help...................
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

These two paintings sold yesterday..........Thank you to my buyer from Bay City Michigan...an avid sailor!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Geraniums"   12 x10 Transparent Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan   USA 
"My Favorite Tree"  22x15 Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA  .....all rights reserved... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Let's Go Red Wings!!!!!!!!!!!
Anyone else enjoying egg salad sammies this week?   :) 
I am working hard this week preparing inventory to take up to the store in Northern Michigan.     I hope to sneak... 
I am having an impossible time trying to change my profile picture.  Is anyone else having trouble with their photo features on facebook?
Today,   today.......at long last I got in the car and thought wow,  it's hot in here....I need to turn on the... 
It's great to study the work of other artists but if you copy a composition and post it,   even if you use their... 
I posted 6 photos on Facebook in the album "Easter 2014" 
I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album "Easter 2014" 
We are ready for another win in game 2!     What a great day...Easter, fabulous weather and a Wings game.    (I... 
Let's Go Red Wings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't forget your Easter Bonnett!    If you have one I want to see it!!!!!!!   &lt;3 
Don't forget your Easter Bonnet!     :)   If you have an Easter Bonnet...I want to see it!    :)   !!!!!!! 
One jelly bean easily leads to another jelly bean......
Happy Easter to all my friends.   :)  God bless you!   John 3:16 
There are a million things I should be doing but only one thing I want to be doing.......I have no will power.....so ...........LET'S PAINT!
It's a special day!   A happy birthday to my son Stephen  and my granddaughter Lakelyn!    Interesting to note... 
Hey Hey Hockey Town!    Wings 1   Boston  0!       Let's Go Red Wings!!!!!!!!! 
Tonight I was trying a new technique to me.....and I was studying a painting by Nita Engle called,  "Mountain... 
Check out this wonderful musician....my friend, Rui Lopes.   :) 
From my friend Rui Lopes' wall.....I completely agree.    Beautiful evening friends. 
So I went painting by a stream today........and had an audience......this fish stayed right next to me for almost... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

Last evening I set out to paint....the temperature was around 50....there was really no direct light.....it was... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

I want a hot  * fresh out of the oven*  chocolate chip cookie and a glass of ice cold milk......who is baking out... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I am so busy right now I am actually making a flow chart so I remember where I am supposed to be when and what... 
I thought this was adorable.....peep peep peep......... 
"Let's Go Red Wings"   15x22 watercolor......Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland Michigan   USA  ....<COPYRIGHT SIGN>    Painting... 
I just had the best news.......two of my paintings,   "Unsung Heroes"  and "Portrait of a Master"   were selected... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
You can learn a lot by studying Oleg's work.   I do.  Everyday.   Thanks for sharing your beautiful art with all... 
Fabulous news!   My July paint out along Lake Michigan is SOLD OUT and I even added one spot because I'm  "Just a... 
My new brush sets from Rosemary&amp; Co.  ....are on their way to me......I am receiving a limited # to take with me... 

A beautiful rendering by my friend Ivelina!  WOW  talk about fresh and spontaneous! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
A new painting by my friend Valio! 
Just sent one to my largest corporate account,  "Waste Management"....how's your day going?    :) :) :)
I am excited!    I have a second workshop that I am teaching in Alaska after the cruise and happy to say that the... 
I am studying Edgar Payne's book, "Composition of Outdoor Painting"....I love what I just read and I quote,  "To... 
I lost a friend.....that's the bad news....the good news is that I can accept a friend....any takers?
"Upper Penninsula High Country"    20x16 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   USA     Original Reference photo... 
When the air pressure is low.....I have a hard time staying awake.....it's really hard to paint with my face in the palette.....bother.
"Spanish Roses"   15x30  watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   USA....when I was in Spain last year I saw these... 
"Good Morning"   15x5 transparent watercolor,<COPYRIGHT SIGN>  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
So today........I get to the location,   and there is a STRONG west wind blowing.    But not to be derailed....I... 
It's a beautiful Saturday.......I have plans to go painting some city scenes today....wish me luck........Let's Paint!
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "Plein air studies" 
2014 season business card.......one side.........do you have business cards?   You need to have them on yourself... 
OK......one space left in the July paint out with me....here in West Michigan.    I told myself I would take... 
This morning has been great.    I had an hour to kill while Keith was working  (I was his ride)....so I did some... 
"Coastal Flight"  10 x 22  watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein   USA   <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
I am happy to say that I have 5 confirmed for this two day paint out along the Lakeshore!    There is room for 2... 
Household cleaning tip......Murphy's Oil Soap just immediately removed some pet stains from my carpet......amazing... 
Five weeks ago....I could barely walk.....and was in so much pain from my snowmobile accident.    Today,  I am... 
Warm and sunny flowers from my friend Oleg....who makes life more beautiful with his art. 
Getting a million things ready for the season....putting art in Zeeland Hospital, delivering art to two... 
"Zeeland Gravel Yard"   15x22 watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein   USA   <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
So today.....I confess,  I packed up my kit and caboodle and headed out to paint.   And could not land on... 
A fabulous painting from my friend Stojan Milanov!    :) 
Lake Michigan,  4/8/2014......still a long way to go until summer......Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,... 
It's gorgeous out......cold and windy but sunny.......I think I will go check on my lake......see if it is... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Snow River  Canyon"  Utah,  15x22 watercolor,   Sandra L Strohschien   USA,  Thank you to Gary Kopietz for his... 
"Sun Flower Explosion"  14x11 watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein  USA  <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

So,  maybe you can't make the cruise but I will be painting in Wasilla, Alaska on Thursday the 26th of... 
Keith is baking brownies........they smell so much better when someone else bakes them.   ;)
I went painting out in the wetlands today.........terrible work....but the sun shone........not a bad day :) :)... 
Today was an amazing day.      Look what I found in the farm fields near my home.    I have never seen a snow owl... 
Oh....the sun is shining,  the temperatures are warming up.....and I am thinking that it is a fine day for plein... 
I love this ....and notice how they are actually more "into each other" as aging lovers than in the youthful... 
"Porter's Puddle"  19x15  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA  Watercolor   <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
"The Red Canoe"....I copied this from Winslow Homer back in 2011...2 years into painting.....studying the... 
It is such a dreary day....I am thinking about recreating the "Shrimp and Grits" that I had down in... 

Hee Hee Hee....you guys rock....we are almost over 500 hits on the article in Plein Air Online.....thanks so... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Freezing rain outside.....crock pot on inside......I hope the power doesn't go out.......
I just got chills,  they showed a housing area at Fort Hood that looked exactly like where I lived....and an... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Another stunner from my friend Oleg,  Ukraine. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Flower orders for mother's day......Roses, Lilacs, Star Lillies,   what fun!  Let's Paint!
"Tangerine Roses"  8x6 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   USA   SOLD. 
Dinner with my brother tonight......I look forward to that....he is a great guy.  I am blessed.
LOL....being in Plein Air online today could easily go to my head........but just to let you know .....my... 
As of now the article in Outdoor Painters  (Plein  Air Online)  has been read 132 times!   If I deduct four for... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
To celebrate my good day today and also in the sense of fun with April Fools.....I am offering an original half... 
A good day for me!    :)
Reading @PleinAirMag The Sudden Explosion of Sandra Strohschein 


I woke up this morning to the nicest email from a stranger who saw my article in the online version of Plein Air... 
It's not too late to sign up to cruise to Alaska and paint with me!    Check out these fabulous prices.   I think... 
Mackinac Bridge,  Michigan    USA...........
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Somethings are just odd.   Yes?     Mackinac City Michigan. 
You know?   Yesterday I was painting out in Northern Michigan.   I became absorbed in my work and surroundings.... 
Thank you to Gary who puts together the Memphis Germantown Art League Newsletter each month!   To my friend in... 

"The Neighbor's Yard"   14x20 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA   En Plein Air.  3/30/2014 
It was a beautiful day in Northern Michigan.  60 degrees in sheltered sunlight.   You can bet I was out painting.... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 

I am on the road this weekend......if I miss your comments.......my apologies....but keep talking to me.   :) :) :)
A boy and a puddle......and a painting.......Sandra L. Strohschein    <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
Natural Abstract,  Ice and Dirt.....but I think it is beautiful.    Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan  USA 
Bacon and Eggs.   :)   Go ahead,  it's Saturday,  make the pancakes!   :)  I plan on indulging in a jelly donut... 
April......I have one month to paint before I begin a heavy season of traveling.     I had so much fun painting... 
I will be traveling and not painting today so I am sharing Ivelina's beautiful painting!  How cheerful! 
"San Jacinto Sunshine"   22x15 transparent watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan  USA   <COPYRIGHT SIGN> 
Bummer,  I accidently nuked my pickle.
Look at this wonderful photograph taken by Daniel Mitev.  BG. 
I know!   I know!   It is such a lousy day out today.....I think I will clean the frig!   How about it?   Anyone... 
I promised my friends yesterday that I would post a picture of my oldest son Michael.    He helped me uninstall... 
"88th Street Run Off"   15x22  Transparent Watercolor,   Sandra L.  Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan   USA.... 
Keith just discovered that there is a Keith and Sandra Strohschein living in Montana.   Same age as us.   I think... 
Throw back Thursday....can you find me without reading the names? 
LOL....Can you find me? 
"88th Street Run Off"   15x22 Transparent Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Two of my people.....aren't they gorgeous......Middle Son Stephen and daughter Meaghan...... 
flowering crab on the drawing board today! 
Currently learning my travel phrases......"Help"......and  "Does anyone speak English"?    :) :) :)
"Rise and Shine"  11x14  watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Inspiration from the sky....and the camera work of Valentin........great shot! 
Going after a still life today....haven't done one in awhile.....:)  Let's Paint!
This bird gave me hope today.....that maybe soon my snow pile will be gone.     Hello Robin!   Sandra L.... 

Flights to Italy and Alaska booked!   OK....let's sell some paintings!!!!!!!!!
Do I have any friends in Munich?
If I fly overseas and have a layover in Toronto I wonder if I have to go through customs in Canada to head to Europe.
Do I have any friends from Florence, Italy?
Thanks to the photoshop talents of my dear friend Mark Taylor, I have transcended to a higher place on my snow... 
Do I have any friends from Florence Italy?
Here is what I am up against.   Keith says,  "We can watch that movie Rob told us about".....and I said  "Rob?... 
OK.......who took my palette?   Not funny.
The second day of Spring 2014.   35 and snowing.   But I have decided to be at peace with the snow. 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Zeeland Tracks" 
Welcome to the first day of Spring in South West Michigan.   I still have a massive pile of snow on the deck that... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
It was a beautiful sunset tonight!   Zeeland, Michigan,  USA  Sandra L. Strohschein  :)  Goodnight sweehearts! 
:)   I was sitting down to paint today and realized that I parted my hair on the wrong side today.   Seriously,... 
Blueberry Fields 
Compliments on the great use of compliments! 

I just told my Great Alaskan Plein Air Retreat friend and event coordinator Karen Whitworth that " I wish I could... 
Dang it....I have to stop working and eat.  On the upside I am having dinner with Stephen tonight......:)   Let's Eat!   :)
Alabama Morning Painting by Sandra Strohschein - Alabama Morning Fine Art Prints and Posters for... 
Red Velvet Painting by Sandra Strohschein - Red Velvet Fine Art Prints and Posters for Sale 
Just a shout out to all of you who want to come to Michigan and paint with me.   I am doing a two day paint out... 
I am not kidding when I say today's outdoor work was not glamorous......what a mess.   But the painting turned... 
I have been testing a different paper today.     I wanted to try a new block for the field.     So I bought Fabriano 14x20 CP 140# block.
"French Impressions"   14x20  watercolor   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland Michigan   USA.    Photo reference... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Artist in Residence that is what is on my mind.    Where to go.........right now the desert southwest is calling me.
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Sick artist.   :(
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Spring Thaw".  12x18 Transparent Watercolor, Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland, Michigan.  USA 
Here is a little Irish Humor!    Happy St. Patricks Day!  :) 
Paris,   must see Paris.
OK.....how do I watch season 3 of Scandal?    Where can I legally get the first 9 episodes of Season 3?
Maybe it is time to video my process.....maybe......
This pheasant was just meandering around on a road that I have never driven down before....so glad we spotted him... 
Sunday Stroll.......It has been a dream of mine to find a male pheasant this winter and today was my lucky day!... 
Thank you to all my friends who messaged me this week showing me what you are working on!    I was only able to... 
Good morning!    Rise and Shine it's Coffee Time!   :) :) :)    I will be painting later today........can't... 
LOL LOL LOL LOL....the two year old is demanding that I sing the ARMY fight song over and over....every time I... 
Look at how this master portrays light!   :)   Oleg,  you are amazing.  :) 
Oh brother.....today I was at the grocery store....I opened my car door just as a 40 mph gust of wind came up.  I... 

Rise and Shine...it's baby rocking time.....haven't done the 4:30 AM walking the floor routine in years.   I have... 
Wow....this is weird...has this ever happened to anyone?   I just opened my email and there was an email in my... 
Oh  dear,   I just realized that the tulips will most likely not be in bloom for tulip time.   I hope things turn... 
Oh I have my grama gram hat on this week.....this painting career will be put on hold for a couple of days so I... 
I went to school with Mark......we have known each other since junior high.   I see this grown up sitting behind... 
I pulled this from my dear friend Mark Taylors wall......so glad I saw this tonight...and so glad I know people... 
As time allows I teach private lessons.      I love sharing the magic of watercolor.    Today was a lesson day.... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Oh ...the countdown is on....and I am becoming very excited..booked our plane tickets and hotel rooms... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Winter Thaw"  8x14  transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein  Holland,  Michigan    USA 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Friends send me their work from time to time and I am always so touched by this.   I know what it is like ....to... 
We are buying our plane tickets to Alaska this morning.......................June will be here before we know it!

Hey!  I see tickets are beginning to sell for my workshop out in Alaska.....I will be there painting...I hope you... 
Guess what?  The brush sets are selling....and here is what the first customer, Elizabeth from Ontario had to... 
2000 people.....following this crazy girl .......alright then! ....You guys make me smile ........really........
I wanted to thank you all for making my birthday over the moon fun.   The photos and greetings were fantastic.... 
"morni 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I offered a painting for sale at 50% off yesterday on my birthday to the first buyer to inquire!    This... 
Yesterday I know there were messages sent to me and greetings both on my wall and in my message box....but... 

Oh my goodness.....I have been slammed with love today from my fb friends......I have sincerely tried to thank... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Today,  I am giving a birthday discount to my friends.    The next person to buy an original from me will receive... 
WOW  the party is  ON on my wall!   &lt;3
I am utterly amazed and overwhelmed by all of these wonderful wishes and flowers and cakes.....I feel loved.  Thank you all.   :)   &lt;3
This one is for you Mom!     My birthday sweater!   Thanks and I love you!!!!!, 
Hey you guys....listen up.   Mystery....keep it mysterious......1/3 found edges....2/3 lost edges......lots of... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I have been faithfully icing my back three times a day for three days now and the healing process is remarkable.... 
A great painting is like a smart woman......always leaving a little something to the imagination!     Let's... 
"Wild Blues"  15x8 Transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
I just have to share this amazing colored pencil drawing by my friend Rena.    She began drawing two years ago.... 
Sometimes comments regarding my work melt me.   This is one such moment....from Roland Bistoen who is not a... 
I am the airport shuttle service today.....taking one group to the airport and picking up Keith.....but he is... 
Check out these beautiful paintings available from Valentin Katrandzhiev! 
The Edge Of The Forest Painting by Valentin Katrandzhiev - The Edge Of The Forest Fine Art... 
Well well well.....lucky me.....remember that snowmobile accident I had on New Years Eve?    I just found out... 
"March Morning" 10 x 16 transparent watercolor.  Sandra L.  Strohschein  USA 
It just occurred to me that life is a lot like my style of painting.   What to keep and what to let go of.   The... 

My brush set from Rosemary &amp;  C0.     :) 

I am looking for and cannot find.....a composition finder.  You know the little pocket things that you can hold... 
Coffee time!!!!!!!!!!
It is amazing to me that in one 18 hour period I woke up in Alabama, painted out at the base of a waterfall in... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Last week....finally outdoors and painting.   And if it looks like this is easy for me....nothing could be... 
Cards.....the wonderful card sets I made.......I have a few sets left........the vintage rose series.....$25.00... 
Who wants to paint with me?   I have availability the end of March and April, September and October!   Let's... 
Home sweet home.   And I have to say....it is really beautiful...even with al the snow...Nighty night!
Wow I just looked out the window and it is snowing like crazy.......the pilot is going to drop out of this storm... 
It's going to be a bumpy landing......coming in through strong turbulence and the captain has the flight crew... 
I felt like I was on top of the world......what a gorgeous afternoon.   I think I can handle heading back to the... 
En Plein Air Oak Mountain State Park,  Alabama.   I had three hours before we went to the airport...found this... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
And we are off in search of a good place to paint out for a couple of hours before our plane leaves.......later taters....


Well....after a four days of not horrible snowy weather....I have been able to paint out four days in a row and... 
"Prattville Dam"  14x20  Watercolor,  Plein Air 2/28/2014  Prattville Alabama,  Sandra L. Strohschein   USA 
Sugar Bs in Prattville......can't say enough good things about it.   Totally charmed....I am never going home
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Good does not even begin to describe this meal.   I am at "Sugar B's" Bakery and Café.   Charming place.....this... 
I felt the need to paint this sunlit path today.    I love the woods.      S l Strohschein. 
I haven't even started yet but already feel as though I have too few hours to paint today.     So let's get out there and paint!   :)

OK.    I am going in!!!!!!!!   it is catfish night.   YIKES 
Tony's, Prattville, Alabama.   I was so cold I could not bear to go back out .....so I got brave and asked if I... 
This is the nicest little town.   The people I met on the street today actually remembered my name and said hello... 
Dang today I have earned my stripes.....it is so cold and windy out.  Sunny but cold.   It was so hard to... 
Today is cold but the sun is shining.   I will find myself painting in two locations at least.  One is a bamboo... 
"Alabama Afternoon"    The Red Clay.  Ah....I had forgotten about the red clay in the south.   14x20 watercolor,... 
Packing my gear and heading out....the rain has stopped!  :)

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I was asked today to list out my plein air equipment.   I posted this before so here is a repost.   I will only... 
It was a blasts painting on the bridge today.   I could not believe the number of friendly drivers who stopped on... 
Prattville Bridge Street view....Done....and happy. 
Almost done......so nice to be outside 
Prattville Alabama......heaven....70 and sunny.....happy and warm artist!!!!!!, s l strohschein 
Thank you Rosemary &amp; Co. for your belief in me and this amazing opportunity.  Your brushes are second to none.... 
Did I say I was painting?   I am having a very difficult time focusing right now.....I am so stinking happy.   Hee... 
Somebody has her name on her own set of paint brushes!   ARGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    I can't stand it I a so... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Does illustration board bend?
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I have an idea....let's' go somewhere else and paint this week.  How about Alabama?   yep.....let's go!
I saw this post this morning of my friend Shirley Greene's wall and really liked it.  So true. 
"Winter Thaw"  15x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Buy the best materials you can afford.      In workshops my students are always amazed at two things in... 

Genius. 
Our Stephen.   Handsome, talented, intelligent .....our world is better because he is our son.   Love you Stephen! 
Steve and I on a winter Saturday night......love this guy.....:)   Sandra L. Strohschein... 
I don't know what I did but I know I didn't deserve it.   She said in reference to the excruciating low back... 
This painting has been interrupted for shipping and handling!!!!!!      Sandra l. Strohschein.   ......&lt;3 
Cards are in and being assembled!    I will ship orders tomorrow!     I ordered extra because I knew once you saw... 
Monday is going to be a very big day!   Two exciting things happening.   One I cannot talk about until Monday.... 
OK........where are all my Canadian friends?       Let's Skate!
Our attempts to capture such grandeur with photographs, paintings or words is utterly impossible....but the... 

"Little Blue Bird"   8x8 transparent watercolor,   Sandra L Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan   USA 
Do not forget the people of the Ukraine!    Good and peaceful protestors are being killed in the streets of Kiev. 
A little sunshine on a gloomy day..........:) 


USA USA USA.....Hockey.........I hope they win this one....USA USA USA

Cards are being shipped a week early!   Awesome!   I will be packaging them today and getting them in the mail by... 
Painting out 2/19/2014 

Can you guess which one is me? 
Sunny 40 degrees......I am packing my gear to head out and paint!     Let's Paint!!!!!!!!!
Perfecto!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Watching these insane snowboard cross races .......OH MY GOODNESS.....amazing!!!!!!!!!    WOWOWOWOWOWOW
My beautiful vintage card sets have been ordered and will ship to me next week.    I will be shipping them out on... 
I am frequently asked if my artwork is available for sale.   Of course it is!   I love it when I receive messages... 
"Red Velvet"   7x10 Transparent Watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan   USA 
Painting.....I just finished my 5th painting today.   Running out of paper and the UPS guy didn't show up with more.....CRISIS..........
Red, White and Blue.........I had to paint flowers today.......another Blizzard has come upon us.   Sandra  L.... 
I posted 33 photos on Facebook in the album "Winter 2014" 
It was incredible out at the Big Lake tonight.....I will post more photos to tell the story......two full days of... 
I just now figured out that Downton Abby is seriously influencing our current fashion trends.    Anyone else notice this?
The only sport I follow in the Olympics......Hockey.   And so far team USA does not disappoint!!!!!!    :) :) :)


"Pheasant Parkway"  16x22 Transparent Watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein   Holland,  Michigan   USA  Holbein... 
What is my "must not miss" southern meal next week when I am in Alabama....please tell me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I am heading to Alabama in one week.    I can't wait........so excited to paint out  in Alabama!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "Winter 2014" 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Snow Pack"  22x15 Transparent Watercolor    Sandra L. Strohschein   USA 

Happy Valentines Day!    I wish you all much joy and love today!! 
Oh someone just found out she is going to Alabama for a week.   I hope and pray that it will be warmer than 32... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
To be honest,  right now I am struggling for inspiration.    Too many days cooped up inside....and the scenery... 
I need to know within the next couple of days if you would like to order a set of 8 greeting cards...the vintage... 
I can't wait to see green leaves on the trees again!   Fabulous work Oleg  :) 
Lights out........I am beat!    Sleepy tight! 
"A Moment in the Sun"  12x22 watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA   I just needed to... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
The Short Eared Owls Flew In Painting by Valentin Katrandzhiev - The Short Eared Owls Flew In... 

"Lady in Red"   10x22 watercolor   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan    USA 
If you are a praying person,  please pray for a cousin of ours.  He was in an accident Friday night critically... 
John McFaul.....he found sunshine in Michigan......and took a stellar photo!  Nature does it best I believe! 

Facebook is eerily quiet tonight.....
So here we go....launching the card set.    I am doing a limited run of 50 sets.    Taking orders immediately.... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
They don't all turn out.  Today was such a day.   But the cool thing about failed paintings.....I keep messing... 
Can any of my plein air friends advise me on good sunglasses to wear while painting?    I would appreciate your thoughts....thanks!
Anyone in need of some brilliant sunlight today?   The sun and the skillful execution of it are both brilliant.   :) 
Today before I begin painting I am going to take scrap paper and just experiment making interesting skies.   This... 
A Grand Evening.......:)  full of smiles.....It is so much fun to go out once in awhile.......Beautiful week to all my friends!   :)  &lt;3
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I just went through my reference photos that I shot today on our weekly drive to the farm to get our... 
By the way we went to see "The Monuments Men" this evening.   Love... 
Meaghan, the amazing of River West Design has completed 8 beautiful cards for me.   I cannot wait to show you the... 
"The Road Less Traveled"  15x22 Transparent Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
It's funny about being in Plein Air Magazine.....I actually bought it last night and read it.....I got so caught... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
How is it possible that I cannot remove someone's comment from one of my threads?    Are there ways to permanently embed something?
Meaghan and I are in the process of designing a boxed card set.  I am thinking of including 8 cards,  4 with... 
This was on the Tulip Time Festival 2014 page!   I have such a lovely time at the unveiling Thursday night and me... 
This snow just will not let up.....this was the story of our drive 30 miles up the road this late afternoon.  It... 
Tired artist.  I just realized that in the past 5 weeks....I was in a serious accident, installed a 21 piece solo... 

"Wooded Hillside"   15x22 Transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 

The venue this evening.....it's a big deal in this town.   Holland,  Michigan   USA
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
A big night~   Tulip Time 2014 Unveiling.    20 Finalists.....one winner and alas,  it was not my turn in the... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Bad news....nicked my knee shaving.......good news.....I didn't boof my mascara......
I am missing my east coast US friends......I know there are millions of you without power.....hope it is restored... 
"San Jacinto High Peak"    22x15 watercolor   Sandra L. Strohschein   USA 
Hair, Make up, Dress.....big night tonight....but I still have a few good hours to spend painting......;)
So pleased that my friend Valio's work has been accepted into a juried show in Michigan!    If you are in the... 
"Iris" 7x7 transparent watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Let's see....who do I know in Key West?
Our beautiful littlest "Little"....Lakelyn....she is just precious..... 
One good sale and I am outta here........can't take this weather a
I have to have the best group of friends and fans on facebook.  Every day you bless me with your thoughtfulness.... 
We are a creative bunch.   Porter has this odd fascination with Uvulas of all things.   You know...the hangy... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"San Jacinto Mountain Treetop"  22x10....a trip to the mountains of California this afternoon.  Watercolor,... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
LOL.....one more rose.......you guys......I love you.....&lt;3
Cards.....a card set of Rose paintings.....done in a vintage design.....working on this project today with my... 
Tonight I went out and shot the sunset over my Big Lake for you all.  It was a chilly 11 degrees out.   No wind.... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Tea Roses"  7x5  transparent watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA  SOLD 
Feel like buying new Jammie's........this is like comfort food to me.....always has been always will be.... — in... 
All Roses accomplished  :)    and now back to my beloved landscapes......:)  I hope you all are having a great... 
By the way,  speaking of the superbowl....I just have to applaud the singer of the national anthem.....finally,... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Saying goodbye to our Up North family.....sigh......oh well.... Let's Paint  ;) 
So much snow!!!!!!!!!     Sandra L. Strohschein Northern  Michigan   USA
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Blue Jay   Sandra L.   Strohschein     Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Blue Jays ............I know 
Larionov, Fetisov, Fedorov,   ah....I miss these guys in Red.....and my friends in the D know what I am talking about.....
"Snow Diamonds"   Sandra L. Strohschein,   USA 
Fresh Powder......Houghten Lake, Michigan,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Ribbons and Roses"  10x8  watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   SOLD 
"Drift on a Country Mile"  15x22 Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA......a scene from... 

"Illusions.....and suggestions....for me .....this is the essence of watercolor.......leading to a world filled... 
A full day of sun yesterday.    I had a wonderful time taking reference photos in the afternoon.    And saw a... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Oh...I had to deliver art to Grand Haven today.....it is the first serious driving we have done since we had all... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Painting is on my mind ....it always is......but first to mail a few paintings, bank, post office, take a couple... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Paper Roses"  7x5  watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
We may not all speak the same language but we cry the same tears, laugh with one voice and feel the beauty of all... 
An extraordinary amount of snow.....this is what we are dealing with....along with subzero temps and 30 below... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
This is about the size of it.......it is just impossible to get anywhere these days.....yes,  Michigan is... 
Happy Artist.....I just installed 21 paintings at Holland Hospital Gallery 602.   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland... 
Wow.   Another milestone.   1001 likes on my fine art page.    Stunned and grateful.     I have amazing news to... 

Yesterday was great.   Prepared 25 paintings for the exhibit I am a week ahead of schedule.    I have four... 
A beautiful photo from dear friend Valentin.    Nature provides the best color palettes I believe. 
It's a great night for cookie baking!  &lt;3 
A little bit of snow! 
Happily preparing a 25 piece exhibit to be installed at Holland Hospital for the months of February and March.... 

Quote of the day,  "I will beat you up to get the last chicken liver"......Sandra L. Strohschein......said to Jim Rettig......LOL LOL LOL
Roses.    My Grandfather, Marion L. Viers was an amazing artist.   I inherited many things from him.   His wit,... 
Good morning everyone!    I am working on a project.   Well two actually.   The first is preparing a 25 piece... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
A favorite of mine and needs a good home!!!!!!!!    :)   :)   :) 
"White Lace"  7x5 Roses...watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Tweeting...I need to learn how to Tweet....people are tweeting about me.....(that is something I never... 
Oh my!!!!!!!!!!!!!........new favorite fragrance......"La vie est belle"..............Lancôme......... am in... 

By the way ....I forgot to review the movie I sat halfway through last night..August, Osages..whatever....the... 
My road warrior has been having lots of difficulty with InterState 80...30 mph.   Hard packed snow over glare... 
I just realized.....Lake Michigan is going to be extra cold this summer..I wonder if there will still be ice... 
This is a photo of my husband's commute home from Chicago.   He usually comes home on Thursday afternoon.   This... 
"Roses"  7x5 watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland, Michigan USA 
OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!!   I left my studio this evening to do some shopping for a little something something  ;)... 
Posting again per a request.  :) 
Still painting Roses......:) :) :) :) :)
My morning....... 
I just want to say a huge thanks for all the orders for Valentine's Day Rose paintings.     My heart is warmed by... 
You know?   Keith bought me a full spectrum lamp for the studio back in December.    We have had almost no sun... 
"La Entrada Al La Boqueria"  (Barcelona Market)   15x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan... 
I have just a few days left to paint Roses for Valentines Day.   I thought I could do them through the 30th but... 


"January Tree"  20x15 watercolor.  This is my tree across the street....and what I saw this morning.....at 8AM I... 
Ivelina has taken her awesome style to the dance floor...I just love this piece! 

I saw this today and loved it.   To take the ordinary and make it extraordinary....this is the heart of an... 
I cannot get warm today.....so so so cold out.....heater on in the studio...hot tea in my hand.   Preparing 8... 
Mashed Potatoes,  Coleslaw, Fried Blue Gill......so so delicious.  Thank you to my favorite ice fishermen,  Jamie... 
"Sunshine"  5x7 Transparent Watercolor ,   Sandra L. Strohschein   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
This is a view pulled back a little bit of these beautiful grasses/bushes.......Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,... 
"Winter Colors"   Sandra L. Stohschein,   Holland,  Michigan    USA 
Watercolor does not work at 22 degrees.   (-5.5 C )   Sandra L. Strohschein,   But I gave it the old college try!... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Winter Grass"   This photo was not altered in an way.    This brou 
"Winter on 104th"  12x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein  Holland,   Michigan   USA 
Every night this is what I see looking across the snow covered lake to the houses on the other side.....this was... 
I think the full moon cycle has brought out the crazy in people.   Or maybe it is just January.
Grand Haven Michigan 1/18/2014.   22 Degrees......the Lake is frozen as far out as I could see.........Sandra L.... 
It is awful outside again......a full week of bitter cold and no sun.....and next week promises the same.......I... 
OK....let's try this again with me getting the correct version uploaded...LOL...thanks Pete Boisvert for bringing... 
Marketing.....I know I know...but hey......did you know?   I keep business cards on me at all times.....and it is... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Run for the Roses.....................I think I need to break for a bit,  maybe bake some brownies...........come... 
Yesterday was a great day for Valentine's day orders!    I will be painting Roses all day!   What a wonderful way... 

And on the subject of thanks.......a long awaited for package arrived in the mail all the way from Bulgaria!!!!!!... 
Thank you to friend and fellow artist Andy Gonzales for sending me back issues of "Plein Air Artist" !!!!!!!!... 
"Memories" 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Just a friendly reminder to change your facebook passwords once in awhile   :)
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Because I Love You"...........I have a great idea  for Valentines Day......I am 
Oleg's painting filled my screen with sunshine this morning.    A gray day is Michigan....this is a welcome sight! 
Two of my beautiful peeps..... 
Richeson #10 Sable......in love .......in love.....it has a 9 1/4 " handle length........I need long handles for... 
Testing the student grade paper graciously sent to me by Jack Richeson and Company today.     135# Cold Press.... 
Starting a new online consultation service.    :)    Very excited about this. I have many people asking me for... 
OOOOOOOOOHHHHH!!!!!   A package just showed up from Jack Richeson &amp; Co.....remember last week when my #8 Squirrel... 
beautiful flowers by my dear friend Ivelina....something to cheer my friends who are in need of some sunshine today! 
The weather outside is bitter cold, windy and the snow is flying.   A great day to put on the music and cozy up... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Edge of the Pasture"  9x12 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   (something a little different today)..... 
Holy Cow.   How in the world did I miss "no pants" subway ride day?   I am sorry but is this what we have come... 
You know......I realized that there were people going through my friends list soliciting my friends ......I... 
Here is a perky painting..... 
"Dreams crash and burn but you keep on keeping on.......cause baby,  the last laugh is yours......they had you... 
I had the coolest question today from a friend........how do you say Michigan?      I take it for granted that... 

"Grand View" 
I am smiling broadly to honestly tell you that my sales increased 100% from 2012 to 2013.   I am jumping up and... 

I am frequently asked if I have DVDs of my process available.    I do not.    But how about something better?    I... 
I feel like I am on the verge of something really neat.  But I don't know what.   I keep seeing these beautiful... 
"A Michigan Field"  15x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Oleg Kozak,  Ukraine.   Awesome. 

Oh dear....here comes the rain on top of 30 inches of snow......it's going to be a bit messy out and... 

UPDATE!     I just got off the phone with the lovely Colleen Richeson, from Jack Richeson &amp; Co.   (Rosemary must... 
It is just now starting to sink in.....the force of the blow to my head in my accident.    I don't know if I told... 

"Utah"  17x15  transparent watercolor      Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,   Michigan     USA 
Reached for my #8 richeson mop and the head fell off.....this brush was expensive and I am careful with my... 

Sleeping Beauty woke up...too early.....after a week of non stop sleeping.....I only slept for five hours last... 
Well hey there....I managed to stay awake all day....progress....slow but sure....:)
"San Jacinto Sunshine"  15x13 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   5th in the concussion series.... 
This is a photo that I wished to have taken a week ago..but was too banged up from my accident to post.   I came... 
I posted 11 photos on Facebook in the album "Winter 2014" 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Thankful for comedy television.....my new best friend....while I laugh my brain back to health.    And I don't... 
"Quiet Places"  15x22 Transparent Watercolor,  4th in the Concussion Series.....Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,... 
Twice today Keith has had to go outside and clear the snow away from the furnace exhaust vent.  This has caused... 

It is going to take a lot of work to shovel off the deck....continued snow for the rest of the day and... 
I think this is a day to stay inside the house  :)   Sandra L. Strohschein, Holland, Michigan  USA.   (But I... 
Well....with more snow than you can imagine falling in the past 24 hours and now high winds with 30 below wind... 
You know.....the thing that surprised me with this concussion....the symptoms did not appear right away.    I... 
Downton Abbey......I promised myself I was going to wait four weeks to watch the DVD when Season 4 is... 
Downton Abbey......I promised myself I was going to wait four weeks to watch the DVD when Season 4 is... 

Great news!!!!!!!!!     I feel better today!    I am alert and not fuzzy anymore.    This is so fabulous.... 
Well,  I made it through the day without any pain killers.    I finally managed to get out of bed at 7:45 to... 
"January"  3rd in the concussion series.....15x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,... 
I am sharing the work of my friend Nandou Lu.  We met at the workshop with Alvaro.  He is a very talented artist... 
When life gives you lemons......LOL!!!! 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
This is my son in law Jamie....river guide extraordinaire!    Seriously head up to Northern Michigan and take a... 
The swelling has gone down but the colors are now really coming out..............Crash Strohschein,    Holland,... 
Sprained knee?  Head Injury?   Are we going to stop painting?   HECK NO!
"Snow Dunes, Lake Michigan"  12x16 Transparent Watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Michigan  USA 
Medical update.  At the urging of two dear FB friends,  I went to the ER yesterday.    I was diagnosed with a... 
"Winter Whisper"  12x16 transparent watercolor    Sandra L. Strohschein Holland,  Michigan   USA 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
First and only resolution........no more jumping snow banks in the dark at high rates of speed....ow     ow... 
Update...body check,  ear lobes do not hurt.   Everything else is subject to movement.   let's paint.....she said... 
Wee Hoo!    Thank you to Rosemary and Co!   Makers of Handmade artists brushes......I received a package in the... 
"I am alive!   So far so good  ......Happy New Year Lovies!"  &lt;3  &lt;3  &lt;3 
I have ended 2013 in bed with and ice pack on my right knee, two Xanax, one glass of champagne, one Tylenol pm... 
"Blue Martini"  11x14   Transparent Watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein   USA        HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy New Year!   Have  fun but stay safe!     "Loaded"  12 x 30  transparent watercolor......Sandra L.... 

It is important for me to take a moment and thank God I was not involved in a terrible accident today.    I would... 
Laguna Beach, Indian Canyon, Palm Springs, San Jacinto Mountains, CALIFORNIA/ Valencia, Barcelona, Coasta Brava,... 
These smiles are because we are 15 minutes from two of our precious "Littles".....Lakelyn Irene and Porter... 
You won't hear me say this often....but I have decided to take a break for a couple of days.    So with that said... 
"Jack Pine" 22x15 watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan USA 
Today,  heading out to paint en plein air......I had a brilliant idea.....I knew we would be trekking through... 
The snow is fresh, the temperature is mild, the sun is shining....and I am heading out doors!         Let's paint! 
My dear friend Valentin has captured the sea and nature beautifully once again! 
"Winter Afternoon"  22x15 transparent watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan  USA 

Thank you Lord!  Today we had sunshine.   I was able to get outside and shoot reffies and be inspired by the... 
Oleg has painted my world....exactly what it looks like in Michigan today....isn't this work beautiful?  Thank... 
"Solo Flight"  10x22 watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA 

LET'S PAINT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cool shot Michael and a nice tribute to your Dad! 
Geez Louise.....I think I have been added to alot of groups that I do not want to be added to.    I usually... 
Delivery.........we paid extra to have a package here by Christmas EVE........and it is not here................I... 
I just wanted to wish my friends a Merry Christmas! 
The temperature is far below zero....and the sun is shining.    And the world is amazing.    The tree view is... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
An ice covered Christmas Eve morning...with a special guest appearance by.....THE... 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
Ho HO HO....here I go baking cookies.....Buckeyes and Frosted Sugar Cookies...and maybe some English... 
"White Road, Indian River"   15x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein     Holland,   Michigan   USA 
My heart is bursting with all the kindness you are sending me in messages ........thank you....I am so blessed by all of your friendships.
I found the only picture of myself as a baby.    I have been looking for awhile and so glad I found it.... 
A million things I must do but only one thing I want to do......Ho ho ho!!!!!!!!
I just noticed that you can get images printed on metal sheets at Fine Art America...I think this painting would... 


"Frozen Landscape"    This is exactly what my world look like this weekend.  The farm land is covered in slushy... 
"Green Ice"  Sanda L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
"Ice Storm".....we have been getting freezing rain on and off for over 24 hours and it continues throughout the... 
You know what?   I cannot think of anything I want for Christmas.   I would be perfectly content to wake up... 
"Village Trees" watercolor, 12x22 Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA 
My Flowering Crab Apple tree looks beautiful encased in ice.   If only the sun would come out and illuminate... 
We are covered in ice this morning.........freezing rain during the night.   Lets Skate!    :)
"Northern Exposure"  15 
To do list:   Cookie....Shopping...Christmas Cards.......LET'S PAINT!!!!!!!   Ho Ho HO!!!!!!!!!

I am so happy that many of you are enjoying the album I posted today of the Masterpieces of American Landscape... 
I posted 46 photos on Facebook in the album "American Landscape Masterpiece Exhibit,  Grand Rapids Michigan 20" 
"Winter Berries"  14x11   We have had the  dreariest winter days....no sunshine at all....my landscapes reflect... 

This was artist prize winner 2013.......this is all done with fabric. 
I judged viewed 48 paintings in the "American landscape masterpiece".  Exhibit in Grand Rapids.......first... 
A Prendergast for Douglas Gersch. 
My Niagra experience was less impressive!    Inness , Blue Niagra 1884. 
Winslow Homers last painting, "Driftwood".  1909. 
Heading out to Grand Rapids to study the National Landscape exhibit currently at the Art Museum there.......I... 
My Grandson Porter's letter to Santa.....he is 3. 
This was my little Porter's letter to Santa......he is three.   His teachers were cracking up over this one...... 
I just have to share this beautiful painting by my friend Karen Whitworth...isn't this stunning? 
So nice to come home to emails that start with   "I am interested in purchasing two originals...."    thank you to my buyer in Illinois!!!!!
"Winter Creek"  15x22 watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan,   USA 
"Love Notes"    Mixed Media,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 
I just enjoyed the most delicious simple supper.    Butternut Squash Soup and Pumpkin Bread.  The bread was sent... 
LOL.......this is the heart of the artist.....two packages arrived on my doorstep today..........one is a... 
Paintings........    if there is a painting you have become attached to and would like it in your hands by... 
Good night......a wonderful shot from dear friend Valentin. 
A Christmas Angel in mixed media from my dear friend Elisaveta Pavlova.  She works full time in her family... 
For my friends who have asked for this link....I am sharing again.....Merry Christmas! 
GO    ARMY      BEAT   NAVY!!!!! 
I have the best friends in the world here.    Today I received a package from my dear friend,  Ivelina... 
This is what I found my husband doing at the post office.....some Midshipmen's parents car.......  GO ARMY... 
I am shipping a painting internationally today.    I just have to say I love paypal.     I can sell anywhere in... 
"Black Sea Coast"  15x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohshein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
Freezing.    That is what is on my mind.....I am just freezing.....Not sick.  It is just cold......for two weeks... 
Painting demo this evening....one down one to go..... 
"Sand Castle,  Holland"  15x22 watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA 
OK peeps....it's time to paint....
Tonight I was asked to paint at the Holland Area Arts Council from 6:30 to 9:30.   They are having an open house... 

I frequently have people ask me "How long did it take you to paint that".....to which I reply,  "A... 
"Sunrise"  10x14 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA 
"Lake City Birch Grove"  12 x 22 watercolor  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA 


Plein Air Magazine...that is what is on my mind....I bought the October issue and have studied it and studied it.... 
oh.....it's a good life!   Hot cocoa with mini marshmallows and homemade Carmel sauce drizzled over top..... 
Now this is what really makes my heart sing.....blizzard like weather and Christmas Shopping.   Really I love it!... 
"Early Winter on White Road"  15x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan    USA 
Good neighbors.....Mike and Lynne.   Mike keeps our driveway cleared in the winter.   We have never asked for help... 
"Christmas Flower"   5x7 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein 
"White Road Winter Study"  15x22 watercolor,   Sandra L. Strohschein   Holland,  Michigan   USA 
"Winter Wetlands"  10 x 22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  USA 
Home sweet home....very grateful..... 
A wet snow with 20 degree temperatures  is not a good thing......unless you are busy making a snowman   :)   I... 
What is wrong with this picture.....goodness....I will be so glad to get home........ 
I posted a new photo to Facebook 
And we are stopped. 
So close...in Grand Rapids but stuck in traffic because of an accident at Ann street....we are in a white out on... 

I posted a new photo to Facebook 
"Who needs Santa when you've got Grama Gram"       The children were terrified of Santa............ 
Sweet....just scored an awesome commission....I will be busy painting the first two day this week.....:)   Thankful....very thankful.....
I told you it was glare ice!!!!!    I don't feel safe right now!     ( I just said that to Keith....the roads are really bad in Gaylord)
Driving to Meaghans house!! 
"The illusion of watercolor...this is what I am thinking of...softening the harshness of reality ....blurring the... 
"Falling"  15x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan,  USA 


Well I ended up doing more admin work than painting today but some days are like that.    I did not make it out... 
Keith is not the only one capable of getting creative....I just dropped a York Peppermint patty into my hot cocoa..  F A B U L O U S

Keith is not a cook....but he gets creative....this morning I found a glass of orange juice on the counter...so I... 
I think I am going two places today with my brushes....visiting a river in Northern Michigan and the tropics of... 
"Bringing in the Tree"  2013  15x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,   Holland,  Michigan   USA    This is my... 
Good news!   Calendars arriving today....and if early enough shipping today.   :)
"Snowfall on the Sturgeon"  22x15  watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 

I think my grandson Porter is adorable. 
This is my favorite Christmas Ornament  :) 


I'm told that when I go to Alaska next year I will not want to come home.    Hmm....better put the house up for sale.   :)
"Places to Go"  15x22 transparent watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan   USA 


Oh........sick as a dog during the night....flat in bed on a beautiful day...it's killing me not to be outside... 

I set out to paint something this evening completely different but could not find what I wanted to see.... 
A good day.....Go Blue!    Jamie got a Buck!   I sold an original!  The weather is perfect for an evening paint out.....yep.....A good day!
Thankful to my friends for your purchases of my 2014 Calendar.   I sold out in 24 hours.       If there is enough... 
It is a beautiful day....and mild...(Mark Mehaffey...this is what we needed last weekend)....tonight I am heading... 
I posted 19 photos on Facebook in the album "" 
Back to business tomorrow......three paintings joining an annual Holiday exhibit at Gallery 602  Holland... 
Sugar and Spice and everything nice.....:)   S. L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA 
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!   Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA 
"Lake Effect"   15x22 watercolor,  Sandra L. Strohschein   Driving through the farm fields last evening at Dusk... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of my friends and loved ones.  I am grateful everyday for your presence in my life!... 
"Winter Oak"  22x15 watercolor Sandra L. Strohschein,  Holland,  Michigan  USA.....This is the way the tree... 
I am now linked to Twitter as sandystrohs...............the fun continues!  :)
